“Though we ask not to be bound nor gripped by the hand of time, we seek to measure it—not so that we may control it or defeat it, but rathe…
I messaged you my number
oh you! Haha
daytona testing ;) and clerc classic today, oh yeah that give me a good day!
Finally got to to check out their lunch! Loved their Power Lunch, filling & tasty. Pumpkin soup "burnt marshmallow" was yum too!
Thumb holes are the business! RT I am obsessed with hoodies with thumb holes lately. Seriously, I may have a problem.
yes I will there for the whole festival
ok gr8! I'll go there 2! I wasn't sure I act added u. The new fb is strange! Wld love 2 hear more about ur story
“: I Jus need things to do nd someone to see. I know no one down There”ok well what state r u familiar wit
I love you :) nd i'm so proud of you <3
I am?
On my way to the Friday day shift listening to and looking forward to a much needed vacation next Friday.
In fact, she doesn't understand today's woman -- young or old. What kind of role model would she make for this country? Find a rich husband.
|.!+.! NEED INFO FOR SATURDAY MATRIX.... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
bring on the pitchforks and torches!
you wear it well sir!!
Is it not winter??? Omg
Just got three GetGlue stickers with one check in! My mom will be proud...maybe ashamed...but probably proud.
Who you got in this one Amanda?
#SomeWhereOutThere is a Walgreen's with no line. WHERE ARE YOU?!?!?!?!
I can't judge someone else. I can only try to help them when they call on me...I guess you can call it a character flaw! Lol!!!
#Kool, tht person is the luckiest in the world..
My test at the hospital went well trampas on the other hand didnt do well.
Yup :) you can follow him, but he's wicked boring ;)
One week and 3 days until I can spend my summer camping, boating on Lake Monroe, and being with the girlfriend 😜
This kid across from me has been playing the same song, without headphones on, for about 20 minutes now, SWITCH THE DAMN SONG ALREADY!!!!!!!
Whoa multiple #FF's from on both accounts. Right back 'atcha! #twittertwittertwitter!
Here We Go Casey, Here We Go!!!!!!! #cardinals v
Liking your own Facebook status
Washing clothes -__-
what a night...wings win, flyers win and (bob barker voice) a trip to nashville!!!!!!
Fixed the hand on Johnny Mnemonic at Slabtown today, and cleaned the rest of the machines up.
Why wat til New Years? Make some Fall resolutions! Start with your teeth- isn't this the year to take care of yourself? 212-265-7150
#Sopastrike No Wikipedia? Like Kramer's Moviephone, tomorrow I will be taking calls, emails, texts, and tweets to answer all your questions!
sweet!!! Good times! HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
Dm WI based company with startup but struggling here in WI when Texas is making it clear they want us. Concerned exposed.
the first show to announce is at the twisted tail in beebeetown, iowa on october 22nd. see our profile link for details.
in the city, met my favorite drag queen. do you watch rupauls drag race? i need to come visit you, you wont run out of soco!
Coming to ever-fabulous for a drink
RT : Dude. is bringing me a milkshake. LIke, to my door. Just 'cause. (wow, thats service)
wait, do what now? Haha
Its monday! younow with and later ♥
LOL o The bigger the better lmaoooooo
Dallas Morning News on my belly...Tom Leppert's Senate aspiration delayed. Thanks Kay Bailey Hutchison!! Take your time...
People tell me we look alike. The Roger Dietch. Have foundation that needs some attention from you.
Clothes are to mainstream. Get naked.
The fire alarm system was going tested when I arrived at work this morning and instead of an annoying siren, "Billy Jean" was playing
Ghostwriters, resume and cover letter writers, social media managers, press release writers....contact Your Thoughts, LLC!
I am texting goat names to Sara Pennypacker right now.
Are you religious or spiritual? What do you think the difference is?
GOODAY ALL :+) GOOD LUCK is "STRONG WITH THE FORCE" 2DAY.TRUST ME !!!!.do something good for someone, and it will TURN OUT RIGHT !I PROMISE
We'd love that. 1/3 of us are already in LA. But the rest will join at end of March. Looking for a second show. Can you help?
A pick-up truck driving a Great Dane from Alamogordo to El Paso blew a tire and crashed. The dog, perhaps injured, ran and is still missing.
Do you want to play your wma music on your iphone?Come here bit.ly/rsb3Rc
The Mic is on...practice, practice, practice.
Last night ESPN says "Opening Night" today "Opening Day" did the A's -M's Japan series even exist?Why bother even doing it
love that! Wishing you lots of happiness! Does working out help u with that?
If I were the detective on that show Awake, I would've gotten with the tennis coach already. It's not cheating if it's a different reality
<----doing a great job in "The D"
You're welcome. GO G MEN
Preparing for #IRA12. Visit author and I present: Using fiction and historical fiction picture books to teach Black History, Wed
Right. But why have the classroom sizes at my daughter's school gone from 20 to 45 kids? If u care, respond.
I'm up to my digital knees in digital missionary journals.
get your ass back down here to drink Da'Tonsies
Unsure how to process that program. Both fascinated & disturbed, esp. by "Exploiting Sentiment in Social and Enterprise Sources"
"people go to a library to feel something" and they "don't want to do it alone"
RT : #Scorpio's are sure to be committed partners. Keep them satisfied in bed and you are all set.
what is that?
Frank Wilderson is speaking at the Abriendo Brecha conference at UT in a few minutes. Gonna try to find a way to name drop
meh. Just haven't been in the mo'd lately. Lots on the brain and in the life. I'll be back.
1st sign of summer ending: last day at work for the education interns. Thanks for all your great work, Bri, Monica, Alex, Katy & Karl.
Keshia and this damn Tire.....I can't deal
Accept me for who I am.
What are your resolutions for this New Year?
gota wash those undies some day!
Happy Mother's Day to the cast of 16 and Pregnant (: BAHAHA sorry I had to
Start the weekend out early and shoot on down to Jade Monkey. We got Happy Hour going on right NOW!!
play on mf.
The things I would do with a billion dollars
i think you did it while you were sleeping.
Find out who's really there for me.
I love you, I love you and I love you.
Haha thought you were already playing with #BigCheeShow advisor or we woulda had you out here bro!
The groundwork of all happiness is health
#feellikeshit not going to any classes, but watching kill bill instead
Why are there so many cops out today?!
Don't you dare get rid of that get involved shirt! <-- seriously
okay, now I must go spend the next 2 hours of my life voting for & cause I refuse to pick between them. :)
Helped a client to automate a data entry project in to Amisys today. #Foxtrot is a great software for optimizing Amisys business processes.
#roadtrip numero dos! Team CTC heads back to NJ for a little more dry cleaning and a lot more Italian deli.
you can only push a person for so long until they give up. so don't call for me when u notice that I'm gone.
lmfao. Yes i do
About 5 seconds ago was the first time. Now I'm really curious why the MSM says the term "Obamacare" is pejorative.
The Southern Pacific Railroad made $17 million in profits last year, skimming the cream off every business in Cali., then skimming the milk.
Goodnight I love you <3 sorry I had to work tonight
lmfao demanding! c:
Watched the finale of #NBCTheVoice and now I can't stop singing "I Believe I Can Fly".. Was singing out loud biking around SF
I'm not the one buying it but I will another time :) I do love you haha
Rivals Assumption and Sacred Heart will play each other in the KY high school girls' Division-I LAX state tourney quarterfinals on Thursday.
On oovoo with and :)
Your way is not the only way.
i did. You never texted back.
I bet would try that pizza :P
no idea when/if I'll get there. zero news/status on power outage. I'm stuck.....and u know what rhymes with stuck.
Jorge: think they are together but archaeology = destruction to preserve heritage (so methods are different)
thanks to the #firstpitch guys for having me on this morning. Had a blast.
let's collaborate on something!
pomegranate juice, fresh papaya, salmon benedict, chilaquiles, coffee, newspaper, out on the veranda, sun comes out. could get used to this.
Just our hands as we try to defuse yet another bomb. Nobody said being action heroes in our own minds would be easy. And you?
#CA Department of Finance says they are open to slowing down the proposed (3X current fee) increase in cost to community college
I shouldn't complain...DPD is going to step in and (hopefully) stay there.
Flashback to race b/w and to gain 1M followers, courtesy of -- #OPrint panel,
where else do you think I get creative ideas from?!?
this is one of my favorite panels so far!
These are the best lacrosse players in the world playing for the #NLL Championship right here in the #ROC. Let's get pumped!
Veal breast is the new pork belly.
Crooklyn by far my favorite
In my email: "The Shadow's Glow" by Christopher Lincoln. It's a short story, & I can't wait to read it. The illustrations are fantastic!
Ireland brought me my FAVORITE band !! So HAPPY ST. PATRICK's DAY!!
Why do all the creepy weird guys have to talk to me? Why god? 🙏🙌
You handled yourself magnificently. The high road is the most scenic :-)
That awkward moment when you fall in love with a piece of clothing , but then you see the price .
Why do you build me up, build me up, buttercup baby just to let me down?
Well howdy!
To get a free sample of Xtamina Energy Drink, please send info to .net 515 samples sent already, so get your today!
I'm so used to seeing naked people on twitter now that when I see anyone naked it's like seeing my grandma without her teeth...nothing new..
Pittsburgh - We're doing free brow arches today until 3pm in the Cosmetics Dept. at Macy's South Hills Village. Stop by for Brows that Wow!
pinterest need to focus on just the images and drop everything else (unless you tap on one)
on House again tonight. Has there ever been that much talent wrapped up in such a stunningly gorgeous shell?
#whenyourboyfriend tells you he doenst wanna be together.
My laptop just imploded or something, holy crap.
Going too be in the call me maybe fan video " I missed you so so bad " <3
Working from a condo at Whistler. Living the good life.
yes! the fluidity of those languages make me feel some type of way...stir something deep inside of me.
Horrible possession.
It is, Kayla! In fact, I am (Nelson) currently uploading the new official theme as I type this reply. ^NE
Boy George I think u have it now. Lol MR Ruffin
Thanks for the RT! Loved that post.
: Been experiencing constant difficulties in Madison, Wisco for the past three hours... Service issue or is my router bad?
Had a great meeting w/ the editor of U.S. Public News Service. Lots to think about.
Radio turnd to hip POP... Smh
hi I miss you in math.
i wish guys were crazy about me.
I'm curious what kinda of contract would Mariano Rivera get next season? 2012 8.1 IP for 15 Million. Unfortunate injury ends his season.
Raise the jolly roger!
#mommausetosay say "who is it " before you open that door
follow me back!
Two more days of work and then off to Croatia I go. Fa la la.
Classic! I'd forgotten Bunting's until it came up in a class a couple weeks ago.
Condit or Diaz? Who will it be and why?
Ok , but I disagree 100%. I guess we are the Boise State of Miss High School football. Playing your schedule is worthless.
it was a good call.
Carl Everett arrested .... there's a shocker.
yeah, now I have to get out there and find a place to live and get a job.
"the game" is not in Ann arbor today no matter what ESPN says
we should talk more.(:
#teamWakeAndBake RT : I'm gone! i'm Faded! I'm TIPSY! I'm Wasted!
My back/shoulder has a huge muscle spasm causing me to lay on heating pad all day and I have an apple coring injury. At least there's pie.
#oomf is so orange put you're makeup on right
No artist's creations have ever made me completely break down like Maurice Sendak's. He was a rare and beautiful thing in this world.
“: We are moving into our new retail store space this weekend!"//so exciting !
wait, employers now ask for fb passwords? I don't think I've ever been asked for mine. interesting article tho.
I swear man, lemon cookies are the best cookie EVER created....
alright Jemi. That font on that card had a brother looking for a magnifying glass but it's cool.
writing fundraising letters is hard!
im in serious trouble...
Good luck. I've seen all the outlooks...Pretty gnarly looking.
Looks like this show is getting on the road. Charmingtons buildout has begun!
#iwant 20%OFF #F8 #newfacebook #facebook discount. Use Code "Facebook20" + receive discount plus free shipping over $50 Order:...
Just got finished with an impromptu set at a local cafe. Have keyboard, will travel. :-)
she go hard!!
Im bout to lose a bestfriend /:
My summer reading starts with The Long Walk. Strange coincidence to read it right after the King op-ed on taxation...
can i be featured in a new AV310 song with you guys?
Finally summer! OMG
where are you n my bestfriend going
RT if you wanna a tatoo sayin Mindless Behavior
"As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do." -- Andrew Carnegie, Industrialist
It was a great way to get re-aquainted w/out feeling pilot-y, and loved SCDP's joke on Y&R.
But I am also insane. :)
Ih Stay Doinq The BRICKS Dance!
“: I'm sitting on a gold mine of Brittney Griner jokes. #behaving”how can she play for boys team too?!? More active as dude
oh yea he gets better at dancing everyday! :)
Hi Bill! It will be out in July. Please join our Facebook Fan Page and we will give you updates weekly. Thanks, Bill!
I used 15mm fisheye and bungee strapped it to the corner beam, then used a pocket wizard to remote trigger
idk, you staying after school.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net Dwight Howard need help on his team the highest 6th seed for the if nothing changes
The Verizon commercial with the crying mom and daughter is beyond annoying.
i'm going friday and saturday!
don't hate us ! 😢haha
Why do you keep putting Mantle in cards in the Topps products? You are keeping a current player from having a base card.
WTF! Does Cooper even know what case he's arguing?
much respect and good luck Thursday
WHAT IT'D BE LIKE <3
RT: “I really don’t care for easy-to-understand language.” - No one, ever. #confab12 | I don't think this could be said any better.
what happened?? ):
Cut the man some slack. He's a man. He doesn't recognize important days
hey man! For sure you can find us on reverbnation search True Colors1. Or Facebook. True Colors(band)
haha cool (: I don't think I know anyone who does
Very few things make me laugh like Who Ya Crappin'. Thanks,
gorgeous picture, dance your butt off!
My mom asked me who the severed head was in the hills... like I know and am not telling LAPD...
what are these idiots from boston yelling?
but if you read that... please follow back so i can DM so i can talk to you, that's all i have to say left. tbc
thanks for the follow! Let us know if you have any mattress or furniture needs! Back to school sale going on now! Please retweet!
Holy crap. I'm literally about to pee my pants. Give me my baaaaaggg.
yeah i do need one :)
G'nite friends :)
Thank you for the great lesson in succinct and powerful blogs and pitches! We're gearing up our pipeline of < 300 word posts!
Cant wait for NYE! So excited!
I take time off thinking and talking about my career. I engage in things that bring me joy. I have fun today!
Bummer! I'm not sure if you saw facebook but a few of us are going to movies either on Fri &/orSun as well. Does that work?
completed her food and exercise diary for 10/26/2011 and was under her calorie goal
Officially working on topics. Also officially making a mess.
Nice adidas hoodie 👍
lol well good,... a thug confused now lol
Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous? or I Love You Brianna?(: Please Make my Dream Come True! I Love You So Much :/ No Okay :(
weekend polo lounge celeb sightings = olsen twins & michael kors = i die!
The Outlook fight continues. Yes, I know my box is full.
Chemical peel really killin me
Thought for the week: everyone in NJ should move to MD. And no one re-locating to metro DC should move to VA.
Works for me. Still, in a serious response, I'd prefer Mark Cuban and his marketing energy/excitement. Let him in MLB
Where the fuck is this bus I'm dying
Going to look at cars the Nissan is dead
why are u lying that's ur police car.. Wit buck shot coming out da tail pipe..
Any change you can get any of it recovered using some recovery software?
What to do on this gorgeous day? Only to know it's going to rain this evening...
i wish you were here
looked like u gave skip the finger slic ha
. I'm impressed! Very nice integration of tools with chat, tagging, comment thread for each action item. Nice job.
": #Starbucks run" wish I could join.
And thus ends my livetweet of airport travel in #snowpocalypse. Too bad I didn't get vid of idiot drivers spinning out. Thx for listening.
On my mind right now: Brady vs. Tebow......
Schools almost out. Time to make plans to keep them eating healthy and active over the summer. Fight childhood obesity!
Show me notes for a test, & I'll forget in 5mins. Show me some porn I watched 3yrs ago & I can recall every detail.
everybody sucking boosie dick
is actually enjoying working during the holiday week.. it's soo quiet and i don't have any meetings.. why can't it always be like this
": He's fine, he's just soft" typical philadelphian
Heading out to work in an hour smh..
Mwah-ha-ha-ha.
Still Hustling after 5, 10, 20 years? Maybe it's time to apply at MacDonalds...
Jon, was Scioscia fired?
heaven knows I'm a cockroach now
Heraclitus~ Opposition brings concord. Out of discord comes the fairest harmony.
Ha! Its never too late
Yeah probably... lol - RT wow i feel like a tweet too much...
taking my classes online, getting my degree on my own time.
Thank you for following.
Talking with Bus Company to find out how they keep kids safe. Tune in at 5:30pm to see what I learned!
gotcha thanks, I'm gonna subscribe like, right now. Could always use the extra motivation!
It's not open yet. I'm just making a pre-emptive strike for the Mayorship.
the only way Nate wins that battle is if he's driving a golf cart.
At Mcdonalds for a meetin with a friend, looking forward to hearing what God is doing in his life!
@ Big Hugs right back 2 you, too! And I can't believe I left out the best part of the Divine seats coming home!
Phoenix on Saturday fly back on Sunday Show in Nashville on May 9th at Lucy's Dinner Getting ready for Key Largo Songwriters Festival
I love you for giving me your eyes for staying back & watching me shine & I didnt know if you knew so Im taking this to say HappyMothersDay
watching the grizzly man.....this guy is an absolute fucking IDIOT..of course he got killed by a bear
: Clarification - Tuesday nights #Cakearokee at Highline for dessert hookup
that was thanks to the collective wisdom of our #newplay peeps giving us advice about archiving the weekly 'Howl'.
The money will never equal to the love
I have 4 tickets to to give away. Two for Wed & Two for any day (Th-Sun). Who's never been to TPC & wants to go? Why?
I had to
I know... traffic would be an issue, I was thinking cool bc it's along my work/home bike route. Would rarely drive.
Yeah, I've been wearing my Addidas Fever Cologne...it just doesn't have the same effect :/
Bravo! Look forward to continued updates on said research.
Im peaceful. I'm excited. I've even got butterflies in my Stomach. This has been one of the best weekends I've had in a while
So blessed to serve w/ an amazing staff ! Praying that they all get refreshed with rest tonight as we continue #Chapter2 2moro
gigolos is seriously my new favorite show!
Drinking tea and listening to with a paper due tomorrow.
Also, has anyone yet proposed #stopkony is a mind-virus engineered by the government to propagate itself via social networks? Good.
ok I'll tune in! Then I'll ping you.
This new Loiter Squads looks hella funny lmao
Want a complimentary keiki coupon to TerrorTown2011? Text 'TERROR' to 99000 to get one!
Locals only
An intoxicated mind speaks a sober heart .
2012 and still no medal man. Why you gotta do a wookie like that?
Dr. Who pinball's Time Expander is once again operational! We had to craft our own replacement part, and it's finally working!
thanks so much man! the show was great. wish you could have been there! will you be here Dec 28th/29th-ish? playing the masq again
I hope you're having a wonderful Holiday also
Will be back in NYC sometime this summer. This achievement is quite inspiring & demands celebration!
Hey all Hot Girls. I'm starting to think that all your phone numbers don't start with a 555-
Nothing's changed since I updated my phone -_-
Thanks! I'll need it... Good excuse to party after though
We R HAVIN CHURCH!!!
ALEX CAN I GET A FOLLOW BACK <3 ?
A Super Pac is going to unearth an attack that led to arguably one of the greatest moments in Obama's storied political career? Good plan.
I was out with my girlfriend when my ex walked up, they hugged and kissed, they're exes too
hahaha yes ma'am :) I love your fro locks their awesome!
Last tweet was a joke
I'm feeling lazy about blogging...What this city girl has been up to: 1) Totem; 2) Perry's Sunday Brunch; 3) happy hours in Dupont
When we were working on , and I had to restart rails, would notice in those 3 seconds. Every. Single. Time.
RT I'm telling you gang, the Super Bowl as ad event is approaching the ramp that's in front of the shark tank.
Ross an Wale going to be here in Feb??
When people can't take a joke << You have no life -_-
i will try. Business is slow dude.
Goin' to the Albuquerque Petroglyphs today! I love rock art! It ROCKS! .... Pun intended.
ps: Brooke likes you and your responses! Also, I just found out this is a 2 hour show......
Toronto Bound well for 9 hours
I'm seeing all the signs from above, I'm gonna be the one that he loves. I'm gonna be his first and last kiss, 'cause was born to be his.
#raw10 i wear boxers, raheem needs his freedom, real men. Those othrs wear Duh-dat-da-dons, Men panties!
We did not get to see the aurora unfortunately. We arrived in Iceland through snowstorms. Regardless, had a fantastic time!
RT Follow us we follow back
Thanks for the re-tweet Robert. See you shortly at the ball field if the rain holds up.
ICTs provide access to horizontal communication
My thoughts exactly! But really, should we expect anything more from this idiot? It gave me a George Bush flashback, peuk!
AMAZING DAY! EXHAUSTING DAY! NDA! : )
You're probably right. ;) RT : #Scandal <Think a few more things are up than rating right now
Good morning, Twitterdom!
I work tomorrow afternoon, other than that..nothin!
its weird how alike we are... way to weird
stone cold rocks... But I always like the rock better. :p
RT The Hulk is GREEN from a potent, accidental dose of Gamma Rays. Actually, he would have died within weeks from organ failure.
I do. Picked that one up from my grandmother.
RT if u love ur followers :)
Omg I just dropped my iPod tweeting u-_-
Joe just put it well, it is a relaxing informative most enjoyable two hours of my radio listening day...love the show
can't lend, borrow, resell kindle books.
hahahaha I would suck it up to be there. :)
Thanks, Megan! Hope everything is going well :)
but where could we buy authentic ones at ?
Yeah, sure. We imbibe sentimental potables, whilst gripping a shiv.
I see, look good
I Know you ain;t real
“: recently I listened to "Put Your Hearts Up" I felt in love with it the first time! Supporting you all the way!”
On our way to American Idol :)
The #Steelers are smiling from ear to ear. They couldn't stop Suggs last year. Now they won't have to
High heels are an awesome tool to help the busy woman slow down. I'll take a little pain for some extra minutes of solidarity. Who wouldn't?
I think you forgot the #thingsMothinksaboutat4am hashtag...
Drop everything and turn on #Frontline re Syria
Last night we made a hard decision to support a budget that brings balance to CA; wish it didn’t include cuts to so many valuable programs.
Agreed! We are happy to help again however we can!
I hear good things about Big Ed's...
Pizza My Heart bumping Hendrix b-sides off "Cry of Love."
": The enemy is terrified at the thought of you actually doing what God has told you to do...so do it!"
Pumped for Vosges chocolate!!!!!!!! SUP #Katrina Markoff
education reform
Everybody lunch on instagram is all the way swagged out. I'm sittin here with the McDonald's struggle combo
Great! Let us know if you have any questions. Thanks :)
Also, I'm going to be going to NJ (a two hour drive from my house) this weekend and I am debating what projects to bring.
nope, mine is on june 1st
6am. almost to bed.
Elbow me once shame on you, elbow me twice, fugggg that! Lmaoo
It's rare, but we will have a really sweet studio apt up for rent within the next week or so. Studios go fast, so DM me for details!
Fridge nazi tightening reins? RT : RT : Eat refrigerated leftovers within 4 days to reduce the risk of food poisoning.
Lardarius webb on nfl radio now
I really love my life. :]
"mystery clock" is what the clock is called because the way it works is a mystery. Google it.
Saw 5 walks a shame this morning. My fav was a barefoot girl wearing a last night's corset and a man's pj bottoms. Lookin classy Austin
We goin in tonight x x PartyBoyDJzSaTx will be inDmix all night! Twerk Team @ Endless Music
Thanks for the mention!
Jager makes me want to makeout with myself in the mirror
No lie has been stuck in my head all day lol
The pace of #Beckett: Like a snail across a sea of tar.
Seriously? Last day for voter Reg and State's computer down? We wonder why az voter rates low?
cali huh nice its nice there but i like miami better:)
boo im always here for u no matter wut time or day u can always call me I miss u n I wish I was there n ur time of need :*
where's your HOH?
Great Quote here.. "It's not about how fast you go, it's about how you go fast." Enzo Ferrari
My grandma and grandpa both have cell phones. It's awfully weird to see an 82 and 90 yr old chatting it up on their cells!!
Of course!
is AWESOME!!
oh yes, in the form of morning coffee and just now in a mocha coconut frap.... E it had toasted coconut on it! I'm a fan!
It is because of obedience that slavery exists and wars exist. It is because of obedience that millions of people go on living mechanically.
Who's going to CIL 2010 next week? Meet with N-S and several of our Tech Set experts there (Booth# 1018)!!
This video makes me cringe because I have to edit out all my "goodness". I bashed Pittsburgh moms but I'm taking it out
We checked it out here and it's ok. If we hear from others that there's a problem we'll get IT on it. Thanks for the warning!
My savior lives my savior loves my saviors always there foe me
Ditto. Brands, take note RT : U know those songs u discover & listen to on repeat? Right now that is Some Nights by Fun. LOVE
Hiding your feelings isn't the easy way out but sometimes it's the only thing you can do.
I was born to be somebody, aint nothing thats EVER gonna stop me <3
Ok getting annoyed, mozgov keeps hitting me with a basketball l
bruhh be coo ! Lol what you been on ?
OKC will NOT shoot this well for the rest of the series...
Nice rocket Ian. Come on Rafael...get this last out.
RT let us know that they Had good time at Chaffins. Food is southern banquet style which is optional but you get better seats
You're on the good shit tonight!
Recently downgraded my iPhone to a cheap dumb phone. Feels stupid paying over $1200 a year just for voice, email and twitter in my pocket.
NEXT UP HE IS GOING TO BE FINALS MVP!
Someone send a good method to consume all this information!!
I'm having a messed up week but at least I know I can finally end the one thing that's gone bad since the get go.
very true!
are u dangling them fishing pole style?
Great seeing and tonight at
The new blackberry has a 3 megapixel camera and a 2.44" 320x220 screen. I think Zack Morris had a better phone.
RT In the #KobeSystem every ceiling is just another floor. #Successatsuccessatsuccess your welcome!!
Go preeetttyyy please
You in Houston?
Alert - (AP) -- Newt Gingrich pledges to stay in GOP race until convention to give conservatives 'a real choice'
haha you should've! we woulda washed your car for the free ;D
Enjoy your Sunday, Mavericks fans.
Twitter Tip: Mention @ when referencing where you work & #hashtags for important keywords to more easily connect w/ others, & be found.
#Lestermania Hey, why not?
Man everyone wears sweatpants to Target on Sundays. Everyone except me apparently
If we exercise our first amendment right, we're labelled intolerant,ignorant,rascist,etc. But for you..."its my 1st am. right!"
How high can u go!
I'll be there. BTW, best way to alienate the Bay Area: shutting down the bridge. Smart move, calling off the shutdown.
Craft Glitter is like the Herpes of Arts and Crafts!!
This man is really trying to tell me how to post on MY fb page
enjoyed meeting you at the GBK AMA gift lounge. Hope you enjoy your goodies :) Kerry
I'm so using this haha story of my life
Rocking That Thing Like #remix got me trippin out wit dis nigga on da phone
yay! love your sis #pistonvinegar & and I'm long overdue for some #crescent...as you know I'm a #karaoke addict :)
Men you don't want to pay child support.... you shouldn't have stuck it in.
I really miss Caz a lot. He's one of my best best friends. And I still love him. I wish my life were easier. :-(
Don't know how I forgot to mention cavetocanvas, the premier art hist tumblog. Follows a diff artist every day.
Found it bout to roll up again
I hate people who think its good to ruin the environment...
yessssiiiiiirrrrr! Influence, likability, love... list goes on and one for both biz and personal
my heart jus dropped to the floor.....i dnt kno wat to do:'(
Knowing us we'd look like dorks in funny t-shirts. :) Flailing arms and all...
RT : Citizen participation is about looking "outside" to find out what we don't know, which can build cities' resiliency.
Steel World Order #PaulluminatiBaby!!!!
Ah! Love you too!!!
I dedicate tweet #800 to !!! I hope we make it the movie.... Lol
1) Not today, it's more pale pink. 2) NO! But I wish she was. Exploring potentially hostile libraries could be good times!
I really have to stop doing this to myself! Does anyone have an extra ticket to Four Tet next Tuesday! Please! :)
I just got the news too! I transferred over to Reader just to see how it'll go.
Feels so Good to be back home.
Safe travels, and say hello to my colleagues who are also attending prom at Kalamazoo!
will you tweet this too? grammarva.bandcamp.com
"he had a name ok, his name was Robert Paulson".. Thanks for the follow! <3 bri
#aigapivot Meeting some great people at the NewPage booth
Suck my dick.
We are twin sisters from another mother :)
you can do it!
Who's got a better life than Sequin? Go.
GO HARD OR GO HOME
Jon Kyl commissioned me to do a full-body chocolate sculpture of him... On his full body.
Howdy, sir. We'd like to talk with you about your adventures in iBooks. Could we set up a time to talk & get to know you?
Constructive criticism is fine if u say it nicely & not screaming it like Im the most stupid person in the world.Its good for the confidence
The first goal of business is to stay in business. You can't please a client, or audience, if you can't make a profit.
RT : Many people will say the things required for success. Not so many actually do them.
No, Firefox, you may not update a minute before the Jeopardy online test!
I totally agree.
many thanks Julie! It was great to see you and I really enjoyed your #CILDC presentation!
Mom said she's gonna pay for dinner with 2 60's.
Good point about distancing "...from the whimsical..."
About to fall asleepp...
so my concept for a cooking show is done... if fame hasnt gone to your head, , wanna work on it with me?
Tsunami warning Indonesia
I hope you return for many more episodes and seasons-- yr r fun and inspiring. Thnx.
You understand, do you, Ayz? :)
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 355
I feel you on that one I love me some mint condition.
We have several new books being released this fall. Topics range from China's Green Economy to the Qing Dynasty! www.enrichprofessional.com
I'm pretending this is for my birthday on the 15th. RT ": NASA is scheduled to launch 5 rockets in 5 minutes early morning March 15!"
Just got schooled by my 6yr old son in Chess again. Either I suck real bad or he's really good
I want some burgers I think I might just go get some lol
Woodward is rockin' right now. Great time to be located in the heart of this weekends Dream Cruise!
All too familiar.
Tuco: I have a different system, my friend; I don't shoot the rope, I shoot the legs from under the stool.
FLYERS SUCK! Oh and good morning guys!
Get slutty for me :D
Danny McBride & Nick Swardson watch the DVD of Part 3 with the 3-D glasses on. About 10-15 seconds of them riffing on it.
Ocean gang or drown lol
I googled "zerg Rush" and then responded with the chrome app "kickass". It's like I made a new game.
He stole my heart <3 haha...love u babe !
I dont know the key to success but the key to failure is to try to please everyone.
Right?! As soon as my lease is up!
You like someone Monday...by next Monday its over with....
no, but i know that germany jokes about poland :D "poles are being born, taking off nurse her watch " XD
I need more followers!!!!...
I'm going with, anything consumed on an airplane -- the calories don't count. Right?
huuuuuugeee party tonight! going to be epic
Check out these talented local musicians
Silly Rabbi... Kicks are for Trids!
i want to throw great expectations in a fire
Off to meet with and to plan a fun event at WFM! What would you like to see?
we'll see
The sound of your voice, literally makes me want to vomit.
or when your trying to open a sample paper and your adobe reader keeps freezing and crashing.
OH: "I don't know if I'll ever get pregnant. I can't grow my hair 3 inches w/out wanting to chop it off, and I'm supposed to grow a human?!"
law and order =]
#7 Adobe Muse trending because Adobe has released software that allows you to design & publish HTML websites without writing code.
Got to my audition, & saw another actor in the street yapping on his phone. He got all mad when I tried to run him over. What a FaceBooker.
too cool that you did the ghost leg
is sold anywhere there?!
You should follow me...like right now......:)
: are you all alone D:
For #LMA12, there is a reserved table and power source in every room. Username is LMA2012, Password Dallas - cap D.
#autism moms: today - book a babysitter, take a long walk somewhere beautiful, then a long hot bath, with a favorite book. you are loved.
many people misunderstand what Amazon's business model is.
At fundraiser for Montrose Counseling Center at new Sundance Cinema. Looks pretty cool. Can't wait to see movie later.
#love the word "love" takes time and dedication it's not to be rushed at all it's to powerful and precious never confuse love with lust!
Me too!
is live at a local hospital where they are about to put customer touchscreens to work! to check it out!
August 17th, 18th, and 21st. Wow what a great month :D
what where u doing ? N when u going to let me take u out on date? ")
how do i use disss?
Congrats to , , , on the big series win over number 2 ranked Florida! Safe travels on trip home!
Uh Uh lol
off of 1 hr of sleep sat am once she got off of work. We went to 800 and sunday school and came home.
Uh oh...The Guto just ate four Fiber One bars because he was craving chocolate...and he's thinking he might regret that later.
Painful: site crashes during crit room at museums and the web
Man, I need some coffee and I need it fast!
POLAND LOVES KIDRAUHL :) :) :)
My coffee maker doesn't make my coffee hot enough.
Never Say Goodbye To Lea no :')
Hey, BHB coming to Madison, WI anytime soon??? I'm getting thirsty!
I lost a Friend & a Brother at the same time. :(
Mexico draw South Korea, Gabon & Switzerland in Group B.
Oh Claudia, im not dating ur brother get over it
When the lightening strikes, fluorescent lights that were off turn on with a flash
Use time wisely to do the things that will help you become more like Christ. We are here to prepare to meet God (Alma 34:32).
Is anybody else interested in biking to #makerfaire this weekend from San Francisco? It should be about a 2 hr ride.
we hope to see you!
holy moly. That doesn't sound fun. At all.
MONDAY AND TUESDAY ONLY! 40% off all lotions, and receive a free tan!! Don't miss out!
#O2santa Merry Christmas Mac! Make sure you have your listening ears on because I can't wait to leave some presents for you on Christmas!
RT : You won’t want to miss this years Michigan Recycling Coalition annual conference in Grand Rapids. Check it out:...
rachael she doesn't like you leave her alone
Kyrie Irving will start at PG tonight as #Cavs face
Feeling bum!
thanks!Checked them all out but "mollusa" clutch handbags has some really bad feedback not sure if you are aware of that.
great idea. i would volunteer!
Meeting w/ Cleveland Public Theatre to discuss exporting #LAThtr in the near future - pls fwd any ideas, suggestions or questions before 1pm
Coming to Nola tomorrow, can't wait!
What...a...long...day! And so many tourists! Dios mio! Lawd help me Jesus! Another long day manana!
Dear Everyone: Please stop saying "May the fourth be with you."
I don't wanna break your heart. I wanna give your heart a break. <3
I Feel Bad For Dense People!
But WOW!! Thank You
It's moments like these where I don't want to be associated with the people whose fiscal policies I support. Just plain stoopid.
I have nothing to say, but whatever I do say, you will see. Ta da!
I don't understand how people can just use someone for everything and then when the going gets rough they leave? Well fuck you too!!!
I want to take a picture but it doesn't come out right 😭
At Baseball's greatest stadium watching baseball's greatest team (Baltimore Orioles) play
can i tickle your banana (:
Adele won most awards out of anyone tonight. Congrats !
thanks buddy!
#Bluegrass tonight on H street in Washington DC coffee, beer, & wine with The Rough Riders. Ya'll come !
Follow your dreams and never give up!!!! Love you all!!!!!!
call Kroger in a couple days and tell them you applied :)
I Miss Fall Out Boy
Even the Babylonian’s realized the power of Factoring…you should consider it too!
The difference between style and fashion is quality. -Giorgio Armani
Hey, nice theme. :)
and there it is... "If u don't like it stop following me." Yes, that's exactly what it is and thats what I'm doing.
": I work with your brother Jet! Hes such a sweetie:)" Aw, Thats awesome! You work at McGraths then? I used to too!
Another awesome workout!
Maya lessons.
Tip of the Day: Good oral health habits, such as regular checkups and daily brushing and flossing, can help prevent gingivitis....
Have a great week end sagittarius sista!! Xo
nothin much man just chillin stuck in some parking lot traffic haha
I need 2 photographers for lincoln & notts new air ambulance launch 18 Nov. PR shots, not too expensive. Any recommendations welcome.
Archaic v Anetheron
oops. sales training says I shouldn't say "we", "us", or "i" etc. but rather talk to MarkLogic Server capabilities
Never met you before but sure brah :D
5 months with my baby. Wow, time flies when you're in love. :)
really is. Tryin to call in a
Derby being on cinco de mayo is awesome. That is all
How many times are you goons going to call me to re-up even after I told them to remove my number?
Did he get it in his beard?
Now, I like Twitter and I like Facebook but which one shall I keep checking? There's only one way to decide....FIGHT!!!!!!
we don't have practice tonight do we?
See, there is an upside!
At #Richmondbc City Hall with hundreds of other volunteers who donate time on advisory committees
Not really... I jus slept to long. Then I woke up and said F% it! Lol!
Our health always seems much more valuable after we lose it.
Was up homie
RT : #Flatirons Cerf- people don't have a clue how to behave with all the powerful new technologies
Puffling: a baby puffin.
Spring is back! Perfect day to walk uptown to
I found out the less you tell people things about yourself the less they know which is better
Can someone please launch dudeswithgirlybackpockets.com?
Shitty best day ever
working hard, partying harder, all the while keeping it gangsta. What are you doing my lover girl? x
im juss here chilleeen under the covers and shit
Glad to see my co-worker getting the love! RT : Shockingly good presentation by to start
should be coming over for #survivor and #ouat and #psych. Sunday is da best day!
For theater.. for audience experience. I do theatre because I want to see smiles on ppls faces, change lives. Caring about that!
#RG3 trending above Duke on Twitter Tonight. will have the latest on Redskin's draft choice on News4 at 11
How was Cs?
Time to work!
Girls walking barefoot down the damn side walk. Amateurs.
Missed my last 2 workout days. Now to get back on track!
knows how to throw down!
we are I just didn't know if you were chillin with Nicole .
TODAY in Fowler this afternoon!!! Come meet the TEDx Speakers and some of the most innovative people at Purdue today!
You can only live one day at a time, so,, "make the best of it"..;-)
#FF Journalism and Radio And Tnx to my Followers!
Today was the first time I started to share what I learned at #hcmmconf during our staff meeting
So im so excited that is FREAKIN COMING TO MIAMI!! WHAT THE HELL! WHAT THE HELL! sorry for sounding stalkerish(; ILY!<3
Plans changed. drove straight thru santa barbara to san simeon, near cambria.
followed me on instagram today so I followed him back and lurked him a little, I might be in love.
RT : RT : Time to start up your sprinkler system. Call us today to get your system up and running......
I'd probably prefer 12. never done a 14player league. Sell me on it
More wine for you two! Give Corey a bday hug and text jeff. 17 today. He's trying to work dinner with us into his weekend plans.
When Bruce Banner gets mad he turns into the Hulk, when the Hulk gets mad he turns into
It really HURTS when people CHANGE...
ARE YOU CHRISTOPHER COLUMBO
About to play Spice Girls Wanna be on for you!
"How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and she-roes!" -Maya Angelou
Judging?...yes, we're judging...and it's the last of the year!
Oh nice, hadn't caught that! Happy judging!
Guess we could use both, but the thought was to be more inclusive especially for those deep in VA & MD.
you wanna fuck your mom? o_O
FOLLOW Independent women stay on her game and tatted :D
I wish there were more nerdy romance movies
You don't walk into your fuckin dentist office 2hrs late!
lol I know I know
1- U Rcoming to Madison 2- Santa is bringing me an extra special gift 3 - Red and Green Nike Shox ;) Give me ur top 3 ideas
its been awhile
thanks for the follow! :)
cutting more off hate when my hair is short and it grows out too long
I will notify the board that henceforth blame shall not be uttered. (very true point)...
Never heard of that, had to google it RT you will have to school me on that one Sensei
It's opening night!!
All this time I was distracted by your sports knowledge. Hahah ;).
Awesome! You know me...always up for a good concert!
Hey Bud, blue bottle or not, peepee still tastes like peepee.
Need to quickly share a #photoshop preview? Just hit Ctrl+Option+R and it will be saved to (install that first). Boom Insto-link
True Life: I watch bad TV
Mina Whole Note Coming Soon!
With a name like that, who wouldn't be? Change your name to Faf Du Subramanian and watch the ratings pour in!
big shop day tomorrow at (purely research of course) and meeting baby Bro
#Tunisia expels #Syria ambassador in protest over #Assad crimes against the #Syrian people.
I'm only a little bitter because it would seem they had to shut down the Ballard store to open SoHo. :)
Huge fan #BreakingBad & #MadMen is great. Now Watching #CoachCarter Notes are cool concept but TONE IT DOWN by about 80%
Don't let the past and useless details choke your existence -Chinese saying
Thats what Mitt Romney said we must bust the Unions and lower minimum wage Teachers included. It worked in Wisconsin.
At the ER with one of the kids... Never a dull moment.
It's all good. This is my house now.
At CreateBaltimore2. People tweeting everywhere. Follow along
what is aaron gonna do this year?
Glad I skipped that one...
is ready for Tailgate Tuesday tomorrow! 6 pm @ Dan McGuiness Demonbreun! Be there for a fantastic line up!
You are such an inspiration!!! I would like to meet you in Baltimore next week? Is that possible?
. its also partly the president's own fault.
What do you call the irrational fear of suicide bombers in your pants? The terrorsits.
I think should chat with on #wwhl next season.
I know I will :)
I tried babe!, honestly
Welcome back Wright!!! We missed you brah
Busy day 7 interviews and 5 medicals for suspected abuse scheduled
Does anyone see the finish line?
New desserts come out today! You won't want to miss out on these delicious treats.
R.I.P Trayvon Martin.Let us us not 4get our brother who was slain in another random senseless act of violence.I wish things were different.
u should get fries and a shake tomm:-)
Great meeting you today!
thanks for retweeting!!
Another great presenter..and he is using prezi
#Heat at #Cavs......What's your predictions?
Looks great!
can't wait to see you!! Sorry this Saturday doesn't work out, but way happy you and Cam get some kid free time together :)
Thanks to & the May Festival for honoring Mrs Nippert during her birthday celebrations
#3rdplaceconstancio let's trend it!!! :) <3 follow please? :)
Fantastic RT : On my way to LA. Teaching sports law to inner city high school students through
Great idea! Simpler than pointing stderr to file in docs directory..
sextip ladies if you givin head feed him peppermint or lemon before hand.... You'll have a better "outcum" lol
I might be moving to Los Angeles this summer
Driving by myself >
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 0 Washington Redskins 6 0:24 in 1st #buccaneers #redskins #nfl (Via )
Uhm Are You Being Sarcastic Taty?
thanks for the #FF! We hope you have a wonderful weekend. :)
And you wonder why other people aren't honest. Jesus, I got most of the damage. People really tick me off.
Where can I get cd @
I took a quick glance & I thought your tweet almost said Delmon Young.
Preaching my goodness!
I have a gaggle of Docs on speed dial. Most carry knives.
Drudge had to change the headline from "Romney wins VT" to "Romney wins VT exits". Kind of an important detail.
benjamin, please email me .edu to discuss DOI
I love how has more followers than ,yet sees my tweets & replies to them, unlike Mau.Ricardo, this is why I love u
Sometimes I see a completely normal word and freak out about how peculiar it is.
SORRY DOESNT CUT IT
need need need
"White Chcks" in my pants!
5-peat Region Champs!!
like wat is taking me so long.she's perfect for me idk man i hope you feel the same way i feel.
You can do anything you wish to do, have anything you wish to have, be anything you wish to be.
Different how?
. perhaps we need national policies on how to properly handle these situations w/o law enforcement. Our leaders have failed
ahahahahahahah wait you really are?
JR u comin back to the Knicks next yr? Think u could be an influential piece to a Knicks championship team!
Dance tech rehearsal went well.
- can't wait to see it in action.
what does that mean pretty?
This same credit union charges a fee to close the account, which is the only reason I haven't left yet. I think I'll be leaving today.
Who doesn't follow who? I think you should look again :)
The Silk Tie likes David! We love living a full life of exploration of ways to decorate your necks thesilktie.com
SO APPARENTLY ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT IS COMING BACK
all night long!
thanks! It's was a great show. The energy was awesome.
maybe it was a little longer. 2 per night for a while. It sucked us in!
what griefing mod do you use?
Sitting here.. Bored.. Listen to all different kinds of music.. With my cousin..
It's not my fault
#HERESTOLALL Graduation Speech: I'd like to thank the internet, Google, Wikipedia, Microsoft Word, and Copy & Paste....
Discovered a few things tonight. Potosi's Cave Ale is delicious, as is the reuben at the Weary Traveler.
Tune in now to see 's 'Snuggle Conditions' forecast map!
what ya doing in sf?
How bout them Jayhawks!
Goodnight world
Where the fuck are the painkillers when I need them?!?!
We still have GREAT students in need of host families across the U.S. Contact us for more info!
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!" #A Day! 9
sharpton is a douche bag!
good observation!
We're my luh nigga at
Too cold outside to go for a run. Dancing as I clean my room counts as exercise, right?
Accept- then Act. Whatever the present moment contains accept it as if you had chosen it. Always work with it not against it.
I wish! And don't be too jealous all I've been doing is Pinteresting and watching Netflix
...and might I add leaving 5 of his team on the floor at the end of the game.
What did everyone think of the #SMASH finale? I'm excited for "Bombshell" to come to Bway and give me a reason to be a tourist in my town :)
And it feels like i am just too close to love you
Last class of Junior year done! Now a week and half of paper writing
thanks for the follow
Watching 's favorite movie: Chronicle Of A Circumcision
Electricity consumption per capita is the highest in Iceland
is it time to go home yet?
Is Mitt Romney's butler prepared to take that call at 3 am?
You never know what you have until you clean your room.
#eluna09 New roles for librarians as partners with users in the academic research process: Service Oriented Librarianship (SOL)!
Re-run from what's happening gotta be in the field
Whew...this week is going to be super busy. And then I head to Arizona for ICA next week!
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool blah blah ima be happy i don have to go back to that school!
About to record our strings!!!! Been looking forward to this for a whole. So excited!!
pleased to meet such an artist.
You really need to follow me
My brothers Jace ; his favorite song is "baby by " He loves that songg (; & hes 4
finally! Congrats!
Billy Cundiff baby! He missed a chip shot field goal and Baltimore is Devastated today Devastated with a capital D, baby!
I sat outside my front window, this story's going nowhere, he's well hung up and I am hanging on
Thank you! Been there...walked and stayin' single til the right finds me!! LOL!!
I'll be chanting Lets Go Nets all the way to a NBA Title!!!
Ya, thats a bummer, we missed you guys too but our non-hangovers thanked us this morning
I ran five miles today. Finally I had to say OK Lady here's your purse back. (thanks to Charley)
what about Mehdi?
#Medeco - 8th question: Medeco3 cylinders are certified & approved by 2 independent groups as a "high security cylinder." Who are they?
He said it in the blog where fans can leave comments. Go to #Vinylmation's Facebook and follow first link.
this is a tough decision, i think ill cry if either crew leaves! haha!
Being the supportive friend and harassing
RT : You know you are pursuing your dream when every moment of every day that's all that consumes your thoughts and actions
#iabaudio sasse touts lack of guesswork in streaming
Good thbing this group is getting split up . . . Hopefully we will get some tenants and landlords who actually know the law.
By the way, I'll be at UIC on Weds for the brown bag with Danny. See you there?
he's my favorite rapper. I got a session sat recording that only women track.
I love sweaters & coffee.
bummer! You piqued my curiosity...
Thanks for joining us today!
Haha, don't blame you there (:
due tell about that visitation of god
I did can u pls get Justin to follow me and u to follow me
Good news, A Year in Tyr by Eric J. Swensson, is now in paperback - check it out today and you'll be glad you did!
I misread the quote guys, he was saving Lincoln in case today's game went longer...My bad.
What kind of baby? name yet?
THA VIDEO WAS HOT ! LOVE IT KEEP DOING IT OMARION ,,,AND SHOWING LOVE , GOD BLESS YOU
Its friday excited for no reason at all
#SaySomething Is an Amazing song!(: Oh my Gosh, I freaking love it! You voice is Beautiful! ^_^ <333
you be there for her and support her My deepest condolences
I'm off today and saturday!!
thanks for following. I like your page. it's very refreshing.
fuck you I'm going to sleep!
never been a Boston sports fan. Same reason why Dallas isn't on my list of cities.
thanks much love
i have a headache too! :OO
IT'S MY DAWG BIRTHDAY!! Love ya sis
Need More followerss !
Wait sombody needs to tell me whats going on ! #confused 0.o
Disappointments are just God's way of saying: "I've got something better"; Be patient, live life, have faith.
are you bringing a diesel S60 to the U.S. anytime soon?
That is my absolute most favorite play in baseball. You cannot tell me that a home plate collision isn't exciting and awesome.
My goal Is to gave 250 tweets by today.
RT : For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. -John 3:17
That's what I like to hear. We wouldn't miss it!
chelsea lately>>>>
Maybe her Mother's Day wish is for a little alone time. Who are we to judge?
We are thankful for you, your impact is vast and we hope you continue to see more awesomeness forever. You give us hope.
Weren't you afraid the world would explode when those lines crossed?
Had a great weekend chilling wit my Bf n family
Get money stay true
Been submitting albums for review all day. Anyone with a blog wanna get in on the fun?
That's fine I just record everything, and later I will post it on YouTube hopefully an attorney will contact me.
I need some money
“: Happy Birthday ! Live it up this year! Enjoy a delicious beer or two today (and maybe a good run)! :)”
worst thing is making yourself fit in and acting like someone you're not!
Lol right? Idk how this thought came about, haha!
Girl u crazy RT RT My ass> nicki mine
Ordered Chinese. Ah, I love food.
you were busy tho :( with your boy toy lol
and look at you now! They should hire you to do marketing for Boise.
San Antonio: Instant replay today. Next couple days, slight chance for an isol. shower. Windy W/E. Today: Partly to mostly cloudy, high 83.
There are no failures; just experiences that don't go as you planned
Creating a hashtag for things happening in the south bay
Meat sweatin' over here.
Tomorrow. *u*
Bout to finish this workout, send out these emails and watch the
Who would be a good person to connect with on the C+M talent management team?
ha! Could be a trend.
Don't even know what you two are talking about, but I love you both and I will fix it.
so much talent! :)
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I love you
I have happy hour on my mind. It's still happy hour, right?
"Find something you love to do, and you'll never work a day in your life” ― Harvey MacKay
can you please follow me!!! Your really cute and I LOVE YOU;:
congrats Robin! Much deserved.
Having a ground ball closer is simultaneously scary and exciting... good win
It's time for Dodger baseball!
i swear this drivers ed class is going to be the death of me
This traffic is some shit
Madison Fire: Beltline closed between Whitney and Gammon due to chunks of ice blowing from a nearby TV tower. Several windshields smashed.
I thought this was a very nice concept for a blog when I discovered it a while ago. And it is well done :-)
Just finished Identical by Ellen Hopkins and let me just say my jaw dropped
rest those paws, attack tomorrow! You're hook force will be strong.
Great deal for passengers visiting MKE. Thanks for the tweet and supporting
im chimchim voice and what that do umm umm bitch #FREEMYNIGGA BOWDOWN if u from 3ward u know who tht is
And he dont have to have money , he's love is just like honey its so sweet to me.
Andrea and my mom are watching that too, haha!
Happy birthday! I'm having a vodka tonic in your honor. Not really but CHEERS. How do you say cheers in Dutch?
Happy Cinco de Mayo! ;-)
Friday is Bike to Work Day. I'll be walking in the middle of the street to avoid being run over.
Do people not know their pictures are blurry? #howsyourvison?
You are quite welcome my dear!
RT : Taco shell made out of a Dorito? Come on people, get it together. You don't see us playing shows with sticks made of...
Isn't musical drama the best way to tell ANY story?
hahaha word. You are a wise woman
I tom is a movie day and a big Sunday dinner
I got shit to do today.
My scar hurt today. What could that possibly mean???
Miss you too! I think I just found the perfect bridesmaid dress :))) we'll see. What time is best on weekdays to talk?
Sorta near Walla2 (SE corner of WA), but I never went. It is isolated, but for a reason (search the net to see what's there).
the thatcamps are pretty big over here. First one that's archaeology oriented, though.
All work and no fun can wear a person down.... our outlet is motorsports... what's yours?
you were ICONicly AMAZING in the videoo! i think you should be in Boyfriend by music video! RT if you agree!
Maja(it's a German name) :)
Building a human network.
#Gym #Shower #Bed goodnight!
Winger Marketing welcomes The Chicago Sky to our client roster!
lol, ok. I'm gonna text you in a few.
Is spontanavian even a word?
Don't forget to pick up a bottle of Stinky for your football party!
That's right! Welcome aboard Josh! RT : . Oh yeah, I guess I never said it outright. I work for now.
just got home from my grandparents house, earlier a wasp almost attacked me... im ok though!!! goin to see fireworks soon :D
“: What does a 12 year old need with an ipad 0_o” nothing at all... Smh
"I got raincoats older than that." Columbo.
Enjoying the movies that has playing in the background, adds an extra layer of drama to the music.
shut up!!! That's a no brainer!! Im def. Watching now!!
See, now I read (ok, scanned) that article to review the math. Just a typo, I guess.
#ktfo in dance
Have a Motivational Monday!!! :D
Congrats to everyone who got yesterday's trivia question correct! "Loosey's Rap" was banned from MTV and BET for "sexual content."
the world turns, kush burns.
hahaha cant wait to see you xoxo
Let's stay in contact and meet up when I get to Milan n a few weeks
Well... THIS is gonna be a long day!
just send whatever hockey thoughts you have as good vibes to our Rangers.
this isn't breaking news. Joey Crawford has been out of his mind for a long damn time
At the infusion center
I honestly wish I grew up in the Tupac/Biggie era
much more coherent than feather tweets. ;)
Welcome to twitter! I look forward to getting to know you.
Making loveless version of Kaito.
CINNA: I am Cinna the poet, I am Cinna the poet.
The couch is coming tomorrow!! My guests shall no longer have to sit on the floor. :)
Love what I've seen from y'all so far. Excited to see more at #ShelfLifeTwo!
When telemarketers call my house and I answer, and they ask if my mom or dad are around cus I have a small voice <
Yep! Also got a much needed dose of inspiration :)
Goodnight everyone, sweet dreams!
thought I was....
My phone gets no love
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ❤
EVERYTHING'S going perfect! #birthdayplans. :)
Even Jeri Ryan needs to recharge. RT : ;-) RT : I'm most jealous that has a Borg alcove in her house.
Tres Leche Cake. HIGHLY recommend it.
UP EARLY LISTNING TO KANYE BOUT TO GET THIS DAY STARTED
#bookaday THE EXTRAORDINARY MARK TWAIN (ACCORDING TO SUSY) by Barbara Kerley Love the journal entries and biography writing tips
Finished a 10-page draft libretto for a Christmas cantata for my church. Now to the fun part - music.
The iEconomy: Apple, America and a Squeezed Middle Class
Good morning dwade
Welcome new friends, thx for following!
Thanks :) appreciate the shout out
follow back plz?
I am so excited that told me she got BOTH gifts I sent her & she even knew when I sent her the water globe, she made my night
Rest and be well. I'll need to get strict for a few weeks after these days. But it's all good.
“ Have a Nice day ^_^ lol” u too
Springsteen threw out setlist during Cleveland show & went old school amazing 3 hrs of energy
bitch fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck you D:
and by 4,000th in college, he means "computer chess buddy"
lmfao I know I'm from Chicago
Want this bitch to stop eating these fuvking takis they STANK
June 3rd to the 8th or so
Just found on twitter -- highly recommend this group.
Surely. Follow Friday or #FF helps people gain more followers a lot of times.
need 20 more followers for 1k! Let's make it happen, tell a friend!
r u going to Pollstar Live?
Oh good, looking forward to it, haha.
Working @ home on my indexing paper after a dentist app't and my heat's out and I have a guests.. Feels like camp and it's a beautiful day!
#rewatching Love Jones
Omg i can't believe i lost my phone and i found it laying in the parking lot i got lucky!
Finished S1 of The Killing. Hope S2 doesn't spend long on this subplot about James driving his motorcycle to live with a creepy rich lady.
Please welcome Jessica79402049 to the Max life
I'm sad again :(
Rollin up hour and half left
Do u get my tweets?
next time I buy a house, i'll just pay cash.
I get that, but I don't see the worth in putting in all the effort.
Thanks Jonathan, glad you like it!
#ArabLeague officially backs #Syria Revolution against #Assad regime.
Help save the yarn bombs in Clairemont! Email me at w/ your letters of support for the Knitting Guy. Please RT
Thank you Leanne! Hope you're having a good week. #WW Cheers!
Stunning #SCMS panel on Media & Mid-century Design. Erica Robles on Shannon's information theory vs Ray & Charles Eames on connecting: tops.
Hunting for best bonsai tree in Austin. Suggestions?
buaha I know!
You tube is being really annoying with ads today!
Booking info:
Atlanta, GA-August 18, 2011 beginning @ 7:00pm Speech & Book signing w/ !!
That's the way to do it! Its still tasty the next day
#MyBiggestFlaw ....Music makes me lose control...
MT WVHouse Jud comm passed bill allowing coal co and DEP to more quickly address pollutants rather than going to fed ct.
AFPW IN REVERSAL MODE, SAW A GREAT PR HIT THE PRESS WIRE TODAY, COMPANY SEEMS TO BE LAYING THEIR CARDS IN THE TABLE AFPW
GREAT!!!!now that I'm on Twitter replying to you :)
Marco Terminesi opens the scoring for , 2-0 over
they do...
And swim good
I had the most amazing baklava at lunch today. Better than your average sex, but not quite hot college co-ed.
I thought Messler was the one eating the zebra cake and the oatmeal pie...guess I was mistaken.
Beauty isn't about having a pretty face. it's about having a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul.
Congrats to on the reopening of his restaurant A beautiful place to spend a #ThirstyThursday (or any day!).
Stay classy San Diego!
Justine is stalking people in trucks and I'm trapped in her car.
We're chatting all things today who do you think will win. Chat about #NewMusic all on the Tweet-dio show today!
I saw that!! So exciting. Just need to find out how much the pass is going to set me back!
why do they keep Marmol? This stuff happens EVERY time -he's KILLING me!
I can't wait to watch #Scandal tonight.
You know it's true and I will DVR that shit
Lmfao knows what likes best so I think I shouldn't be the one to explain this
Guess who's in seat 10c?
ah brandon!!!!!! And omg cannot wait, hate living in the west coast past watching SP late. What's new with you man??
No parking at LEnfant- heading to Chinatown/PQ area
Especially not with this threatening hoodie on. Didn't you know that I'm a menace to society?
Gmorining hope you have a beautiful day
Jack White stooping to collaborate with ICP is like teaming up with Jibbs or the Ying Yang Twins.
In North Carolina, you can marry your cousin, as long as your cousin isn't the same sex as you.
Why do I always screw up fuck :'(
Catching your show in Denver in March. First time seeing you. Can't wait!!!
Tomorrows mothers day , what you get your mom ?
y would u go hangout at that place victims
No D:
s/o to cute ass
DC reminds you - many ppl have jobs that require ties or black Express pants. Related there's a White House bike cop who thinks I'm homeless
Murning! Happy Friday!
I just saw a helicopter flying...someone must have gotten a 7 Kill-streak today.
again, with the personal insults get a life!!!!!!!!!
#NSMN announces Sports Tackles Cancer fundraiser w/ #sportsbiz execs in Chicago- July 22. Get involved.100% of tix to cancer.
LOL. There was no question. I shared my fear of spider revenge if I kill one..
I had tbone steak corn and mash potatos. It was good.
so, I'll pick you up around 1 tomorrow, k? k.
are you in hibernation?!
let's chill last period ?
I already live your band so that doesn't count. <3 Come back and play here again soon??
a weight watchers meeting?
Friday I'll be shooting it up!! #Photography Come join me and at because it'll be a night you won't forget!!
Thanks so much! “: just listened to Here We Go Again on youtube! Wow, awesome song! You have talent man!”
that they stayed at my house and they went to there concert with them , and got back stage passes. It was awesome.
Social networks really ruin relationships
Congrats on the Cinema Journal piece. Just cracked open my copy and am excited to finally read this piece.
Love Basketball. In awe of NBA players skills but can we call the basic rules? Refs need 2 call the game the way its intended.
Made the trip to the grocery store. Still forgot to get detergent.
Call me an optimist, but watching #postseason made me check when opening day was. April 6.
lol thank you babe :)
Why is asap rocky's music so poppin
RT : 1st male celeb #Grammys2011 ad = & Degree for Men. Followed by PSA w/Ricky Martin & American Cancer Society
Childs pose during vinyasas, but heavy panting at every invitation
im sorry :(
rest then a jog with a friend
Don't forget Express Lube!
TV on the radio this Thursday anyone?
The Lord is My Light and My Salvation...
depends on object & reason for deaccession. When I was an educator, de-acc'd objs could become teaching objs. +
I hope duke appreciates my story. i thought it was funny & creative.
Jury is filing in to hand Judge Skinner the punishment verdict. Court room is once again full with supporters of both sides.
Working out!
I need some new tunes......
#TCOB... i like that... i think it could be the next
what time
Now you can work on your draw on the football field and get a deal inked..
So happy #Dodgers swept the Nationals <3
ruff and his excuses..., such a tired song.
"The world is a looking glass and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face." - William Makepeace Thackeray
Don't you let that ketchup packet tell you where to 'tear'. You're a rebel..
Good to see!
I NEED to find a Great Bible College
haha i was! because i didnt know what to say...lol
Thanks because I could really use one right about now! :) Here's to getting skinny with #HCG! RT LOL, I will!
GREAT performance by headband boy and Jamar
what tourney you playing in next at the CPC?
We out here tryin function!
er..,maybe you'll get Bulls games on WGN.
I want mint chocolate chip ice cream.
Trey songz too fine!
playing a gig tonight near liv p st wanna come?
thats one movie im not sure i could sit through
We feel the same way! RT : you are a winner to me...
God damn some shit bullshit everyone just wants to make Justin look bad. The person he said fuck you to wasn't a fan. Get it straight
So at Zumba, they made us dance and grind on chairs. & I ain't even gonna lie, It was fucking sexy. ;D ♥
Okay Thank you I feel better now ! <3 (:
I love your profile picture.... So much. <3 I can't wait for Believe <3
What's worse than ppl. Who talk behind ur back? Except for a fucking Snitch! Ppl. Need to learn to shut the fuck up!
A #haiku from pal Chris K: Whistle howls, Station / Master peers, squints down the line, / pets his faithful dog.
After several weeks off (and a lot of clear-all-ing), back on the Twitter.
