So many kids on my flight to Disney World. And seems too small a conference to play "Spot the Llibrarian"
Yeah but who knows what Elway has up his sleeve lol but Peyton is a Rockies fan! And he is spending the night in Denver
First night out on the porch and just had to call in my first car-to-car drug deal
"Your name Amanda!?"
Atlanta? Or are you still in Arizona?
We keep hearing markets will be fine because of all the cash reserves companies have now. Cash disappears quickly when used to stay alive
Goodnight & Sweet Dreams.
Man being a mom=no words lol
Stupid iheartradio keeps stoping during my favorite songs
me to
Yah, is that awesome that she eats pizza before she performs!
HAIR of Desire FOR MORE INFO AND MAKING YOUR ORDER oF HAIR OF DESIRE CALL 0832530851 OR 2743d555
put the soda down, girlie!!
I don't know! I like the 9 pages I've read so far though.
Adam's voice, omg. Him performing is gonna make me cry like it always does.
Pissed my player won't load on 2k11!!
Get ya shit out of here Barnes ya punk rock Bitch
yuck, is that really necessary??
#ilovemyMother because i know when i need someone to talk she will always be there no matter what <3
alright my loves imma go to bed school tomorrow :/
so much fun with you and Scott. Thanks again for coming to the show. Love the ISES outing idea!
#Songstoplaywhilehavingsex Hit me with your best shot!
New hair color today
Updates coming later tonight! :D
i just need somebody to love
my holiday decorating style...?? well-loved handmedown heirlooms...!!
is kinda glad i didn't get my hopes up to finally see my godfather after 17 years..oh well i guess running a race is more important...
I really want what the Jawbone Up was supposed to be.
Taking her to shows soco, jm, iata 👍💜 RT : Tweet at us your favorite music-related moments you shared with your mom! RT!
Love this guy's dedication to his idea. At least he's willing to put in what he can.
People who hurt others.
Been busy taking care of my baby and working, but even more busy just owning shit and staying awesome.
Instagram is my new favorite obsession! Glad it's now on android
MAKE HIM HIRE ME
can she do Thursday?
Keep hearing horror stories abt how bad ppl are treated ,but they still keep spending their money there!Help me unserstand that
Tired & Contracting.. 25 weeks down.. 13 to go.
"Duh, it's because my blood is awesome!" - "Your blood is pure alcohol!" -other people
my dude hosting the 84 WHAS call in show with tonight. Must. Listen. Radio.
Also, has anyone used Etsy on Sale for coupons? What if items are already reduced? How does it work?
Is anyone aware of an applied linear algebra book that uses R?
please follow me♡♡ I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :'( 96
It WAS fab! MT It's been a busy few days: #WildWoolly was fabulous Sat+we're all getting excited for the #HHAwards tonight!
I want an italian sub from baldinos
This game is getting intense
Sex is not overrated,you're just not doing it right
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:(
Is walker hurt? He's way more physical on defense and cannot possibly be worse than fields on offense.
These dudes are cracking me up
All major news agencies reporting #Gadaffi dead or captured but NTC officials here in #tripoli won't confirm.
Its not to late! Get out & have some fun at the Oceanside Harbor Days, today & tomorrow, 9am to 6pm with great food & fun. vipclubcard.com
Just got done helping move I got five Damn splinters in my hand n got a fd up wrist after we tetrisd that Dam couch thru the door
get black that would look sick plus with longhorn 6" stacks ! Lol
congrats on your pic being used on that summer teen jobs article. How often do your images get used?
Goodnight y'all!!!
Now that's excited! How has it been so far?
RT When nobody else was there, You were. When nobody else cared, You did. Thank you God.
- it's been far too long since ive seen it. Required viewing. ROOOOOOOOXAAAAAAANNNE!
Happy Thanksgiving, everbuddy!
St. Patty's Day less than 24 hours away! Better get some sustenance in your belly. Lucky for you, it's Wing Night at TK! 25c wings till 10pm
The Millionaire Next Door is a great book! Everyone should read it.
Thank you !
Off to the studio to do Stand In work today and tomorrow on the new Jim Carrey feature, Mr. Poppers Penguin....;-)
yea unfortunately it was.. we are just thankful shes ok
Hi Laine! ECAD weekend was productive, eventful! Saw great friends, met new folks from 'round the world, and ate duck tongue. LOL
Hey-yo! You should go into comedy RT : Flo long.....
this is what vacations are for. :( group travel.
at least 10 packages of ramen noodles
Taking off for the Twin Cities!! LA, it's been fun
y? Talk to me ma
wow I haven't updated on here in forever...hm
I need to find a good drop ship program for Music T-Shirts. U know any? I am going to surf ............oh its friday !!!
Be brave enough to live life creatively. The creative place where no one else has ever been. - Alan Alda
My theory is that all of Scottish cuisine is based on a dare
Same here. I told this afternoon that I'm almost done with this round with no good games.
good call on the State Farm ads, spit on!
When you're sad, i get sad.. :c
Second punctured tire in 2 weeks. Same place on the road. Sigh. Time to clean up the road.
WHO WILL GO TO THE POOL WITH ME TOMORROW?!
who is this
This weather is definitely skip class weather in Athens.
Plan: book, towel, SPF, pool, iPod...
Somebody has to, Dave, somebody has to.
seriously. And all carbs are NOT created equal anyway.
childs is in Arkansas getting massages and hot tubbing (tweaked knee in practice Thursday)
this girl boyfriend be beating the hell out of her but she say it's ok cuz she love her mr.wrong.. y'all taking that song to that to serious
had this craving in feb. diesel hooked me up : Today's craving: brightly colored skinny jeans. I'm going to find some after work
Cant sleep so much on my mind lately mostly about my future and dreams/goals for myself
UGH .. not comforting for #Broncos fans RT : Brock Osweiler only the 4th Montana born QB to ever be drafted. The last one? Ryan Leaf
ha okay. When do u come home to see me
New York, what's up??
Wish I had cable so I could watch the #phillies tonight.
Need a personal trainer? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Where Can I Get A CHEAP Airsoft Sniper Scopes For An M-14? airsoft :O
I thought you was in the hospital...
Follow tons of great bands in this hell hole city and they'll help ya keep up with them all.
For the videogame we have planned to make and then will start on that. Some poetry work this weekend and editing my childrens book. busy as
post-graduation weekend pleasure trip to see art in NYC with friends = yes
"We are far more liable to catch the vices than the virtues of our associates."
Moving suxx but sure the new loft will be worth it
Thank you very much! Never forget how much you matter. Jim
fuck yeah good for you! =D
Four loses are the third MOST in baseball.
Just watched 1 of my films on showtime. feels good to see it on screen. We never quit!
*Rapturous adoration* looks right
Hi Twitter...how are ya?
R.I.P My Nigga/Tattoo Man Russ!!
Damn, Mr. Popular over here xD
My laptop & iPhone battery died yesterday, sorry I didn't get to live tweet but new biz model looks very interesting! Best of luck!
Hahaok omg im so tired
. very creative guy. Fond memories as a kid reading WWTA.
Fresh, cool air; Sunlight-- Heading home from the hospital.
Agree!!! RT : Giants win, Blazers win, equals good night.
your not keeking as much :( why?
Pollo Tropical just opened down the street from me! Maduros, frijoles negros & taste of Miami, it's ON.
aw thanks loveen, im home saturday, straight to the stupid doctor on monday, feck it! =)
Happy Leap Day!
Thanks for tweeting about the twitter chat
Teddy has to win tonight, right?
Yup RT : The character Lieutenant Pinkerton in #MadamaButterfly is such a douche! 15 year old bride? Hello?
all those people with statuses about partying & haviing fuun all night. then theres me... sitting here... on twitter.
i loveE campbell's hair....
going to make things right...
we were promised jet packs. It's a great song
Are you a fellow alumnus, Kyle?
how was working with rebecca black?o-o
DJ's check out my remixes!! soundcloud.com/djerod
don't some already have *robotics* in the bedroom? ;) ha! Cute video.
I'm getting whiter everydaayy.....need summer sun D:
We're doing a clinic at Humber College this morning and then heading back home!
To all #myLearning users: the email re: "required learning" for Online/CBT was sent in error; please disregard.
This may be the hardest issue to deal with.
...and Gary Pinkel just called me and said he's "calling time out," because he's trying to "draw me offsides." I don't know what that means.
yow mi so tie
#BACK IT UP AND DEN DUMP IT! #HAPPY MOTHERS DAY 2 ALL OF THE BEAUTIFUL MOTHERS ACROSS THE WORLD! #WE GOIN GLOBAL #PG #LETS GO
Why fake hoes wanna be me
That would be a natural pairing
They give out racing bobbles every year. This year is bratwurst I think but I can see if we still have our old chorizo
RT : You might have to help someone who is having a hard time coping with it all. Be encouraged and assist where you can.
Happy birthday to First edition hit news stands130 years ago this week.
Haha Um alright
The students are part of an after-school program called Sin Fronteras and will write about their experience, says adult chaperone Lisa A ...
Happy Birthday to one of my bestest friends and roomate , hope you have great day and i love you poopy!!!!
and there's no way in hell ill be 3rd place, or get under 9 mins
Kiss Me without physical contact its!
... discussion ur arse :D "..DM: please don't re-tweet a question to me -- else I'll dlock you :D #candyAss #coward ;)
Once a month I get this "feeling" that makes me not really want to have kids in the future... This week has given me that feeling...lol -__-
Come on guys get us some 3 pointers! Let's go VCU Rams!!!!
Starting up a couple of new projects over here at LitFuse! It is good to be busy! Can't wait to show you what we are working on!
My phone died on my sister "/
yeah!I cant believe i was 1st in line at the mall..and Kendall wrote happy bday on the cd!I ask him hehe,but gtg school morning
Looking god'
"What the soul is to the body, so is the artist to his people." - Gabriela Mistral
It's #T tonight! Looking forward to hopefully seeing the wonderful and the talented
Room is just to loud n na I got a headache
Our Prom venue has been selected! Waiting on final approval from administration, and it will be announced!
DOUBLE DATE !
A great and sucessful day!!!
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
I think IU has a lot to be proud of. But UK deserves credit for hitting all 80 free throws they shot.
Yayy I love Christmas break!!! #finally;))
WHATS POPPIN' TONITE CHARLOTTE??? YOU MIGHT B ABLE TA FIND ME 2NITE!
I am swimming in a testosterone pool- there is arm wrestling.
Go badgers.
hi Sequoia, are you still accepting applications for ContentManager? I'm very interested! Thanks!
You just can't play with people's feelings.
Im working on a pitch for my new show called 'Found.' Its basically going to be 'The Kate & Sawyer Show'
#When I was little I loved Hey Arnold, Doug, Rugrats, and chef boyardee Ravioli
Hey do you remember me from Facebook remember I call you ChachiBear and you call me GummiBear :) <3
for bookings and photo shoot scheduling plz contact 347-445-7275 or
I'm on until 2pm. Tune in for your classic rock fix.
In Gtown with and 30 of my friends getting ready to watch Red Tails. Yes, there will be an afterparty!
they need to get the right ones that killed here the grandparents
it won't let me see it what is it?!
How to make spaghetti code worse? Add lots of meatball singletons
A big thank you to our fantastic patients! We are super proud of our 99% satisfaction rate, the highest in the area! Call us, 757-486-4880!
[film] the sound of pink shoes sleeping beside each other
Obama is the captain of our ship, and he has allowed it to run into AA+ iceberg...
If I get one more of these stupid dm's I'm going to flip!!!!!!!!
Apparently pop-punk doesnt exist....? Haha
if he can beat #Spartans, #TheOhioState, #Wisconsin, and
Today on radioactive
Thanks Lisa - I'm very excited!
Not during this sale! This is just for marketing services.
Watching the yanks do work against the red sox right now. gonna start putting together the website tonight make sure you guys keep in touch
On my way to #sdcyd to vote for Parent
My mom crazy me were planning to spend $100 in instead we SPENT $1000.... What a mom....we love u....
LOL, of course. RT : Soriano goes off the wall. You know, if that bat was just one more ounce heavier he hits that out.
Show up at my job n fuck me on my lunch break!!! Ijs!
Love the Gruden idea but he just signed a 4 year contract with ESPN.
The awkward moment you realize they were nice to you because they wanted something.
Thank you for the follow!
Pistachios and freelance work tonight
RT : I love that ur mom knows how to operate twitter. --Yes I'm in charge of twitter for NewYork & Canada
Ya, but I am a homer, So I want Oregon to get a shot!
It's really awesome when you start living in a new city, and the ppl who live here love it.
Erick's Afro-Cuban Salsa class takes you on a journey exploring the dance from it's roots of Cuban Son, Rumba and it's heavy Afro influences
plis send mi message
soda gut
you should try throwing a mento into a bottle of diet coke
i have days like that all the time!
Hulk smash
We have clematis in from the garden and it smells delightful. Spring is coming!
Raw Faith opens this Friday in NYC and will be available for community screenings shortly after. Marilyn Sewell will be @ the Quad for Q&As.
"It'll be fun...well go throw rocks at some trees or something." on the 2hr wait at the Bluebird we have until we play ...
Penn State should call Beaver Stadium Paterno-Beaver Stadium.
Wait, what? Explain yourself! (In 140 characters or fewer.)
I've always kept it Real never been a hater don't know how it feels
RT : Members at last night's info meeting in Tuscon asked questions, got answers and definitely decided they're voting YES for...
goes both ways towards the artist and they teams! gotta show luv! #RealTalk Big Biz
good luck my dear, keep rockin'
#WhatMakesYouBeautiful being yourself. Uniqueness is something that'll ALWAYS be in style. Don't try to be something you aren't.
#Sneijder spotted thumbing a lift outside of Manchester. No gear bag reported.
random follow everybody that i see spree cus im so bored!
The pull of collective amnesia is often stronger than our sadness or our rage. We need to refuse the bliss of forgetting.
I'm a social media magnate! RT How come shipping magnates are the only magnates? Why not pancake, tricycle or apricot magnates?
lmao go ahead!
Happy #FF to my new followers
Why is it so hard for me to explain how I really feel, to the person I love most? :(
Oopers. David broke something again. Nothing live though.
I would like to welcome some of my recent followers!
in tribute video to Elie Wiesel: "you survived horror without hating"
As A People tonight @ Bottom Of The Hill 10pm! Also on the bill are Weezer tribute band Pinkerton and The Hot Toddies.
Don't think I will have time before July though, need to stay on schedual here. heheahhaha.
Spoken like a true colleague...
#BeachBoys greatest American band of all time
I've heard people ask why Olmos was cast as a bad ass in Battlestar. My question to them: have you ever seen any other thing he's in???
When I hear music, I fear no danger. I am invulnerable. I see no foe. I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest.
I knew the Aliens were down with advanced living.
Have been talking Truths to me all morning. Now I've got 'Here comes the sun..' stuck in my head.
got my tickets Lee. I overpaid but I'm on the floor next to basket.
We also make sure to donate food or items we get for free with coupons
When a guy sticks up for you.
thanks for the follow!
Feet are up relaxing :) waiting for Puerto Rico SUCHS but it's worth the wait ;)
Totallyhave had a fantastic Holiday:) I am missing Quincy though. Working on some new music for yall:)
DC: Congratulations to the GRAY Team. 5 months ago you selected, and campaigned for and now elected the best Choice for DC. KUDOS!!
Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things. -- Peter Drucker
You know, I really like you Carrow, so it's a shame I have to kill you now. TAKE IT BACK.
No good, very bad day. I really hate drama. Watching Grey's to console myself that my life isn't so bad in comparison.
#RG3 Good deal Redskins fans! - #Jets fan
Tomorrow's the middle of the week already - It's actually going by at a decent pace!
Attention one direction fans: those little boys will never have a degree!!! Retards
At work doing business. What are you doing?
Mycogen Seeds (test Tweet)
Three things are true: Our defense looks better and better, Tebow plays well under pressure, and I'm a fantastic coach.
Its nice and breezy outside........... I got the windows open and im about to take a dogg ass nap
well time to make some beats.....
very well. we should get coffee some time in the new year, would be cool to catch up
The Sports Arena commercial area is in the Midway Community. Point Loma is a seperate community.
“: Character is how you treat those who can do nothing for you.”
Does anyone know anything about being home schooled?
things are going to change a lot in August.
There's a Groupon today for discounted #TripperBus tickets to NYC... expect me to harass you about a visit! :)
yay! I'm honored :)
Meet billy and took pictures with ! See you were lucky ! & i wasn't mad at you guys & know that I took to you guys are
I HELD A TADPOLE.
#fake RT : Knox.... Should I chill out or go out?
Floyd got 3inches in reach on this bitch nigga #moneyteam Justin bieber and 50 cent carry the blets
LMAO! RT : I'll always remember the last words of my uncle, who told me "I bet you can't shoot this apple off my head."
According to #Klout I am just as influential about Beer as I am about Parenting. Hm.
is this for real?!
Stay tuned for an announcement about #THATCampOSU later this week!
see we'll be cool as long as you just play your part... just play your part
Preppin for and Shits gonna be crazy at the orpheum
“: been having some real odd dreams lately... with freakish detail #MindDontSleep” Me too. :/
Happy new years eve everyone!
With 28 advertisers dropping Rush Limbaugh as of today, there will soon be none left to boycott.
I'll be speaking at the Texas Library Association conference in April. Is it similar?
Or up against the door carpet burns from the floor hickys on ur bakk before u went to practice we was actin
A dream is always worth a shot dont lose hope
"OMG! A man walked out of his house,was hit by a car, struggled to recover, then went BACK HOME! What was the point of that?"
PLEEEZ play The Turn! and Bingo!
John Green books. And I haven't read my copy yet, but Kirsten Hubbard's Wanderlove.
Finally published my website. Yay for not procrastinating!
Good morning
Please RT this . I think that you are AMAZING! :)
Tht awkward moment when u message the wrong person askin if it's the right person & they say no so u ask where they live & they say Indiana.
They better not take Shumpert to New York Downtown Hospital. Rob Stark'll hold him down while they Game of Thrones his leg off
Ok we have our first 25 #ColtsDocsVIP entries. Thanks to everyone who sent photos. We'll announce our winners within the hour
We support Robert Bobb and the work he is doing to improve our Detroit Public Schools. He is fighting for better education for our children!
do I ever!
Very successful jersey launch for the Fire at rockit bar with brian mcbride and logan pause.
"This feed is staffed by humans." That is nice to know!
you should blame yo mama for not swallowing you. =D
Eighty percent of success is showing up. - Allen, Woody
RT : One person with a belief is equal to a force of 99 who have only interests. - John Stuart Mill
Jim Collins: we can + must develop legions of Level 5
Kings Academy Prom tonight!!! WOO!!!
maybe we should get another puppy. What do think
My grandpa is going to get me killed driving me home o.o
Cant walk up this fucking hill😡
You know the more you're slip slidin; the more you're #unwasted away! Here's at ya
Good Morning! Nice...way to train those shoes RT : I have over 200 miles on my new running shoes already :)
We were!!! Encore from the ferris wheel!
Wishing you the best of luck! I'm sure you'll come up with a great idea!
One of my friends just told me his psych teacher was the best. Uh have you met Holmes?
"Even when the news got bad and they said I couldnt go home, I just kept praying -- IT IS FINISHED..Today, I have another chance to live..."
you're with right team for preparing for mud run! & more
Fun facts: The first Time Square ball rang in the New Year in 1907(source ) hosts/manages 10 corp apts in Manhattan
If florists are death dealers it's only because all florists are dead inside. Trust me. I used to be one in a former life.
did u apply for Mayhem already? What's the contact info?
Breaking News: The Archers got another big shipment of records in so you know what that means: NEW LISTINGS coming soon! Check back.
Can I send you a DM with a question about your Twitter feed? Thanks!
no way-- are they still at each others throats?! That sucks! Oh well, sounds like a win for you!! Whens the date?! Loving it!
Mind blowing on Nasri. They may struggle in that group, eh? Mexico has been pretty inconsistent on solidarity as of late.
a little sleepy haha. how're you?
If so, don't be a "man on a ledge". It'll be alright.
I wish it was possible to just have one handful of cheddar Goldfish and be completely satisfied.
I wish that was a subtweet 😒😳
thanx it's like really really good!!!!!!!!:D
I understand publishers want to believe physical books are so great they will stay. But i don't see bookshelves in my future.
is on my list to try! I'll go!
Any idea whether I Wish, the new Kore-eda movie will play at the Violet Crown at some point?
First lead of the game!
We Heard More From Jae Millz When He Used to Yell "WannaWannaWhoop!!!" LOL
My brother makes his own beer and keeps them in 5-gallon fountain soda containers. Fresh beer on tap. I may take up a new hobby.
-_~._| YOU WANT TO BOOK A PARTY FOR SATURDAY MATRIX.... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
I speak da truths.
Props to Homestead Detail for shining up da whips for me today! Bout to put in da new jeezy and make dat rear window wiggle.
Forgot to put on my rings...feeling naked
you're right about BoSox spending above slot but Pedroia, Papelbon, and Buchholz were slot signs; Ellsbury slightly above
MT : POTUS speech on inequality confirms shift in natl attitudes: an econ rigged to reward the rich impoverishes all.
it was great catching up this week. You and your team are doing inspirational work, thanks for sharing!
What I wouldn't give to see Chris Berman and Jon Gruden in a steel cage death match.
Haha! I said it to today in History and she just looked at me like I was crazy!
so thoughtful of you! yes, very much so! hope you & your beautiful family are enjoying the holidays together! see you in 2012!
Woke up singing MongoJerry and Rumpleteaser...
Just started reading 1Q84 by Haruki Murakami. So far so good!
stupid stupid.
but then again you never know cus these bitches now-a-days be driving crown vics & big 1973 tahoes and shit lol
Ike and Murph are laughing because No. 28 caught the ball. Think slightly different reaction if dropped.
Track meets suck!!
SXSW is in full swing. Drop in for a free bag of doggie goodies! www.austinloftydog.com
you bet! Shirt was an incentive on Kickstarter for a video they did.
At dinner in LA talking about @ who has been silent. Where is he ?
People come into your life for a reason, and they leave your life to better your future. Learn to let go, or else you can't proceed.
especially girls jumping on them? lol
I got more than a thing for you, tattoo in ink for you..
Finally getting my #snapfitness membership back. Time to get fit again.
overtime for you!! Get it while you can!!
Betsy Bitch and Paul Shortino in the can! Both gave great interviews and the book is shaping up nicely! Can't wait till July!
Yeah, not super crazy - think they have most guys follow the Odorizzi plan and play short season their first full yr
You should check it out - amazing place with lots of funky and cool stuff, local artists galore (and gore)!
Politics and Prostitutes
i'm surprised Betty isn't more selective about her career choices. It's so bad. I weep.
thanks for follow us !
Wrapping up music and sound for the upcoming trailer for the video game Elysia.
Oregon football is a testament to how cool-looking uniforms actually make a difference
Too damn windy
when I was a kid we had to use our imagination to build something with them, now they come in complex sets
I can help you out with those if you'd like. I'll cover S&H! :-) Har har.
“: "when you go mudding and forget to roll your windows up..." #southernthing ” hate when that happens
The media saying Dolphins overpaid to resign Wake is crazy. He was statistically the best pass rusher in the NFL last season
FYI...it's Tax Day. Get your return in!
You know your childhood sucked ass if you never threw up hot cheetos.
Yes! You definitely need some hot water on those muscles. It works! Steam doesn't hurt, either. I want Dance Central 2 too :D
Porter Airlines website is down :( I know that there are many things more important in the world, but I was trying to buy a ticket. Dammit.
No, I'm not Irish.
Kids would be lost if we when back to using encyclopedias & text books
- this guys videos are very creative. My fav is Landlord.
np, Bone Thugs-Thuggish Ruggish Bone
I shall grow old, but never lose life’s zest, because the road’s last turn will be the best. – Henry Van Dyke
Revalations and self-induced epiphanies hide in corners you have yet to explore...
Looking forward to a productive week! Attending #WMC2011 in #Miami this week. Vj contest should be fun!
Monday already, time to get rolling. Check out our new website www.idriveadz.net. Moving advertising to mobile. This is a lot of fun.
Ladies follow my co own and for shoutout and sexy DM ;)
like 5' 6'' .... ps. I dont know why u didnt say hi that last time u were here.
Orlando Florida.....babe!!!
“: are you going to coaching u this year?” Hope you guys are able to make it!
RT : Autocorrect changed "Donner Party" to "Dinner Party" and I almost didn't notice. LOLZ.
Watching wrestling at work, this is even worse than I remember. Please tell me people only watch this to make fun of it.
I dont care what people do in ther beds, who are we to judge Gay marriage. You Rock Obama!
Sounded awful via five live. Almost comical how banterous people get about derbies in Sheffield though.
{Title} - {Permalink} via
terrence howard will star in “fellini black & white.”
it was thesethuation but now it is through facebook
Cooking Sunday dinner fed my soul with the word now about to feed my stomach
Damn it, iTunes, you tricky son of a bitch. Your recommendations for me are actually songs I like, and I'm almost tempted to buy them all.
Changing party doesn't change labor voting record or undo signing Norquist's pledge. That's why we endorse on values, not party.
lol too funny
Let the countdown begin! Four more days until the Premier Luxe Relaunch Party! Don't forget to register! 10.11.11
"I'll see you Friday, dirty bird."
Just got back from swimming :) got a little burnt but hopefully i get a little tan from it :)
Good Morning, just sent you a DM
Breaking news from MAVC! We now have our own play/practice volleyball facility! www.midatlanticvolleyball.com.
yeah actually lol that's how slow it felt like the week went :p
What's your favorite exhibit today?
So great seeing you this morning.
... Next time you're in the library, throw the phrase "patron driven acquisition" into the conversation. She said...
Another beautiful photo :-) I need to start getting out of my office before the daylight dissapears :-)
He has that right! "I was a veteran, before I was a teenager." - Michael Jackson
Digital taxidermist?
same! just tired of school!
Speaking of hair, can I get a haircut from you on Tuesday?
If your GoCard is worn out, you can replace it for free. Univ. has looked at proximity cards too. - Auxiliary Services
Do you ever want to jump on the ABDC stage and start dancing?!! Cause i would
when i was little i wanted to be a "mummy discoverer." Excited to attend #SITweetup for Mummy Meet 'N' Tweet and reignite mummy obsession
no, no its not. His name is will, he was my good friend and neighbor in California
great times tonight bud. you guys were a blast!
Officially a Indy 500 Mini Marathon finisher!!! Running buddy Kathleen and I finished in 2:42:36. GOT MY FIRST MEDAL!!!!
When people call late talkin about you still tryin to come out
Yes, you're correct. My account was hacked. I also cannot send any DM because I reached my max...#yikes Thanks for the heads up
#ItAmazesMeThat One act of random kindness at a time is all it takes to change the world.....
but ducks are delicious!
Merry Christmas Eve! As we traverse the 101N, I wonder how many other cars are filled with gifts. X-ray vision would be awesome right now.
i'll be playing a show next week at purchase with the talented Herman Fermin! A benefit show for the new musical Alice Unraveled.
Oh I cant wait for #RHNJ this season is gunna be goodd....
Whenever you want please! :)
I gave you my twitter at the radio staion and you still haven't followed me!/:
Is there ANY chance you'll come and do a few shows in the US to celebrate National Treasures? We can't wait another 10 yrs!
LOVE Charles Earland! Looking for that cut now for ya!!
what is twitter jail?! ;)
thanks for the b-day shout my bro and you are very welcome. I stongly believe in passing the knowledge.
Anybody can have sex with someone. Opening up your soul, letting them into your thoughts, fears, future, hopes, dreams. Now that's naked...
hey, i just followed you & checked out one of your vids. You're a good singer! (:
i was gon say #oomf bt she not one of my followers but #shoutout to you yeah ill holla
Who is shopping this weekend?
Baby I am the opening act, the headliner, and the after party.
Several Things, No Sense of Humor, Too into themselves, and Loud Ghetto Type, and Gold Diggers Ps, Too Much Tatoos
I'm thinking about going
thanks for the RT, John!
Watching South Park World of Warcraft episode. Its an mmorpg, rtard.
Daaaannnggg I feel like we wasn't cool for the longest, but it's only been a couple of days... Kmsl
Everybody tomorrow wright STOP on ur left hand and KONY on ur right
I need a girl who's mine all mine, I need a girl in my life <3
My 6,000 tweet is dedicated to my family..for always having my back and always giving me unconditional love ..love y'all!!😍😘
Monday funday wit I hate him
I got plug like the back the screen
im looking for new management and i need to start booking shows in L.A
I know! I wish I could be in Super 8 but I'm a terrible actress!
picked a pic of me n me pooch!
Sometimes The Man is a real asshole. Until you get paid.
RIP Junior Seau..You were a great Patriot..
#OutoftheLoop you can't wait until after the wedding day to learn about our spouse. Must do this early.
There's just so much you can take.
***Its Easier Than You May Think To Book A Star!!! for more details***
has compared it to going gray or balding and assures me Baby Bear is still happy. He accepts the aging process.
Toshiba announces three new Android tablets
Enjoy ya Friday everyone!!!!
One woman in the final. Way to go, America. Seems This is a Man's Man's Man's World was a fitting song.
no sleep
i know. I am not happy. Gotta buy the Barron's study guide and cram study starting today!
All this time is quite nice! I have actually read the news this morning! From something other than one news source!
Good morning everybody. Have a good one.
ok this is creepy..... my phone is connected to some random guys twitter account......
Eat together! The family that eats together… plays together… stays together. Cheers to your health!!
tomorrow is National Don't Question Tweeter Day! All tweets should be taken as facts.
It's a pretty good today :)
Need to hit a hipster dive in BV that has cable RT : Love Direct TV, but not right now. and I are going to miss...
Not necessarily - early round sites not tied to regions
He should offer $100 to you as well if you come in as Catwoman.
Class is boring..... learning nothing new!
And, while interesting, can feel wrongheaded and tunnel visioned, in exactly the way a lot of software engineering can feel llike that.
Music is an art form that is now timeless. It is as much the art the day it was written as the day you listen to it!
I should be getting my gloves in the mail today or tomorrow!
is making the 6 Million Dollar Man sound effect as he runs.
follow my new page
#BBN stop actin like trash toward ...he's a kid. Don't he ridiculous. He gets to decode what he wants, get over it
well in that case I'm not done with earth because cheekies is an awesome word
foLLOw them pLeaSese2
So my speakin';writin'&;readin' in spanish is gettin' better:))so i ever in my life got to mexico atleast i can communicate with ppl there:]
LOL, says she wanted to blow up #NPTech newbies that didn't build relationships online. Instead, she worked with them.
I feel like me and my friends are growing apart:(
Is this American Idol? Or the Disney Channel? Everyone is so young!
ONE MORE TILL 100 FOLLOWERS! HELP?
Your face will melt off and your children will weep over your exploded body!!
I thought I was the only one who didn't want some man thrusting his pelvis in my face
Is it too early to start anticipating the final ever episode of HOUSE?
We are :D
Mid-edit bagel break courtesy of Thanx buddy!
Rewatched GG online; way to go B. That's how you become Queen. Not by wearing a plastic tiara.
Got bills for a chee
only sort of agree
Let us know how things go at Purple Bellevue...
Hey it's BK, I raise a toast to Fiesta 2012! Cheers! Viva Fiesta!
Do anyone know any decent casting director workshops on the westside... or at least, not in the valley?
The Lone Cabbage fish camp east of town on SR 520. And you can eat Gator afterward.
It wasn't clear which direction future expansion would go when MKE was built. Keeping A/B open allows either without reorganizing.
follow me<33?
many thanks for coming and for your kind words! Happy to be part of this years
Thanks, POP! How are things with you? Everything is copasetic here.
biology stuff bro haha
I need to get back to Cali, this weather is beyond boof !
well played
#TweetsByMe Shirts On Sale! #teamfollowback to everyone who follows us! -->Retweet<--
I'm so fierce that it's so nuts. ;)
This Chevy commercial is so cool
shut the f up
ack. I will be in Monterey today. How serendipitous could that have been to see u there....
I'm at MBz motors gettin the Benz fixed Lord Jesus don't let it be expensive!! I am a money magnet!
now just 1 away
Retweet if I need to follow you back
We'll probably be glued to the live blogs tomorrow morning because we can't wait.
#icedmocha to start the day - then on to planning #HealthMart events
I haven't legitimately laughed that hard in like 3 years.
“: Young, Wild, and Free comes on the radio and my dad turns it up and starts singing lol!! #toofunny #farmersdaughter”
We're giving away 4 free tickets to in Princeton, NJ, on Feb 4. Retweet this by Jan 19 to enter to win one.
Oh yeah!
best dental artist in town...and my teeth are really working out, btw...just ate a meal with chewing and everything...
Jelly beans are big business. It's big Republican business, run by a wonderful family of hard-working people
Amber, I think there needs to be (and will be) better tools to track SM marketing. Companies need to track the ROI of SM in 2011.
such a privilege to be sharing the microphone with my favorite littlest latina artist!
and we have PICTURE LOCK ladies and gentlemen!! Three years... wow. Thank you all for your support!!
Boosie got off. Aye.
#Kobe is on fire, the masked mamba is going at it early.
What should you give a man who has everything? A mute nymphomanic 18 year old girlfriend.
great to see you yesterday! Travel safe!
My coach told me get going- just start and all else will follow. Great advice. Is there something you need to do that will change your life?
You mean like the Boilers have been issuing the past four years? ;)
Hearing Lillas Pastia auditions and then finale concert!
What does everyone think about the Kolb trade?
Scott Weiland I don't know how to feel about this.
thanks for the follow! RT
So pissed its a
The Sam Riggs Band and Louisville go together like peanut butter and jelly! :)
ATTN: Mother's Day is SUNDAY (don't worry we won't tell her you forgot) lucky for you we have and Central Florist on board!
why ? Are any of them following you?
I'm THRILLED to listen to talk about why brands need to be on Sing it, brotha!
Did you have one booked after the last show of 2004 before the 2005 hiatus?
I'm so fuck1nq bor3d rn so I'm just g0nna tweet yew rand0m a$$ stuff k? c;
they call me stacey
I miss yu !
next is twitter... RT : introduced the work wife to google chrome - she's in love!
Happy 2012 You & Yours!!
My hair smells like hair dye and I love it
I'm gonna get tix for sunday
and do you have your prom dress picked out???
Suede Lounge - SATURDAY - woo e it's J.Alan in the mix bitch - Mention AZ PartyLife at the door for no cover
Life goes on without you!
#Apple is set to unveil #iPad3 today! First major unveiling since Steve Jobs. Apple store is down.90 mintes until the iPad3 launch event.
Soo sick right now :c besides that great though! I have too long/complicated of a question to ask so want me to dm or email you?(:
thanks tom!
A little belated, but did you get an answer to the plant? Leaves look like a trout lily, but haven't seen them w/ purple flower.
Go follow @ MBFanPage143_MB
Is there an article for this Urban Meyer talk?
Just catching up on twitter just now. Thinking boys shouldn't be left alone to run the department.
has a new Thundershirt. She's worn twice; slight improvement in thunder-shakes.
you free at all Friday afternoon?
What?? Unforgivable lol jk, Much love to u Jonny Jonny, stay warm & have an awesome day!!!
The night I met
Anybody I know?!
oh ok ic well I'm trying lol
Looking forward to a great night! RT : Looking forward to the DCN event tonight sponsored by
“: : On a scale from one to America how free are you? My response: America” it's why I love you
my boss had one this year for the mini and she said it was night and day from ly.
ive got some rocket summer high quality photos from the stage form their show thrusday if you want them
If u have more tweets then followers ,shut the fuck up!!!!!
I'm sorry, but I really can't endorse heterosexuality. ;)
You keep tweeting - we'll keep a running total!
I feel like I never see any of my friends anymore! This must change!
whats up man, you know where i can get some hard copys of your albums?????
bummer, the album leaked and i don't feel special anymore.
you took to long, and I had bio to finish
You weren't alone. :) Several of us downloaded it, too. It's fun!
If it's a jacuzzi with a Lake view, you're not doing too bad. If not, you should rethink your priorities.
Aww Its my weekend off I have plans to go to Dallas that weekend though! U going 4 sure?
oh. well bye macbook pro. it was short. but nice.
I will be in LA next week setting up more meetings and then its is showtime real move get made in a month
Man its gonna be too hot to be wearing suits and ties. I always go casual. You don't have to dress up.
Nice to meet you the other day at Grumpy's! Hope you had a fun weekend.
Should we ask him about the radio? Ya but like quietly so no one steals the idea i don't wanna ask! Ask breanna to ask but quietly she's ...
Go running!
yo mama so fat she sweats gravy
"Through my shades I see your fakeness."
Matadors are always getting bullied
I really hate when the bridge near the stadium goes up right as I'm heading home...
I guess it's just the price I pay
LOL. Exactly. :D
Wait, watch & follow - should that be the US policy on Syria & Iran? - JDG
So excited!!! Just got New comedy sketch to work on with
That was half a century ago, but it sounds like your back in town and still haven't even made an attempt to link up with me
Drop The World
i will always b a #Belieber #purpleninja bcause is an amazingly talented young man. HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY JUSTIN (please RT)
looking amazing as usual :) 😍
i love you (;
stingray trend
Well, it's good to have family values! :-)
Thanks for the follow, I can't wait to check out your digs! Appreciate the love and support
Just dat 2 if us, we can make it if we try
Will Philips is up first, talking about the process of harvesting lumber from Baltimore's vacant rowhouse stock for Sandtown Millworks.
excellent show“: Storage Wars should really be called "Jarrod is a fool" no entirely sure why I live this show, but I do.”
Big decisions to make about e-book: purchase them, license them, or subscribe to them.
MT: Future of edu video is real-time. Live streaming, in the classroom & out. #admissionslive < you're all over this!
(3/3) help employees support their favorite charities via !
NO WAY? This is bad. Good for President OBAMA
The registrations keep rolling in! Sign up today for Social Media 101 or any other great DWC workshop! Only 46 days until session I!
I'm not suprised we released jacoby jones..specially after that fucked up play he did in the playoffs
look forward to seeing you
3 1/2 weeks seems a bit too far away. 👎
This baby naming thing sucks. Much hate.
this is great!!!!
Sad episode
"MY LIFE ON THE YO / I DON'T WANT TO SEE A 7 / PLAY THE ODDS WITH MY SOUL / I NEED THAT HEAVEN"...HELL YEA I TAKE THIS SHIT SERIOUS.
Very cool story on former Madison Memorial/Marquette star Wesley Matthews coming up on Monday. Will post the video link tomorrow
I know I can beat you at one thing: Procrastination
Case Western training grad students in #DH for their own projects and to support factuality research
A really fascinating aspect of BBSDoc is people's living rooms, basements, etc.
Wtflack rng and collizion crew are really good they should stay c:
Fresher than an evermint.
lmao that tweet about you living far made me pe
i miss you
You'd think by now girls would have figured out that a. Leggings are NOT pants and b. Not to wear granny panties with them!
"A ship in harbor is safe -- but that is not what ships are built for." John A. Shedd
I am totally looking forward to tonight's class! B.
im meeting her 2mm . she's in Virginia . & also , ii like to watch anything . LOLS.
What? Me! U better watch out 4 He's the 1 u should worry bout!
I love everything about this halftime show. everything. could be bc it's getting my mind of the packers not playing.
RT : If you sell anything you create with Apple's ebook tool, you MUST sell through Apple store and give them a cut....
let's get this bad boy picked up! Thanks in trusting in me
It's May so yes, it's warm. Today it was 80 F.
#nwill2011 wow, everybody really stuck around this year! All the prize winners were present. Thanks for another great conference!!
Katy Perry Loves That New Boyfriend Robert Ackroyd Is A &#39;Rock Star&#39;
You know what would be awesome? If I looked like a Victoria Secret model #nevergonnahappen 😁
haha. true. he could say anything and get away with it ;)
Finally Band Camp is OVER!!:)
of course . . hm . Why up soo late ?
at the Audi Dealer. Do I need a new battery, a new alternator, perhaps a new TT....go easy on me. My stomach is in knots. :-S
Would be so happy if I can meet Tom :p he's from Australia anyway :p
RT : 71% of women engage with social networks. Only not dominated by women are #LinkedIn and #YouTube via
The first presidential candidate that comes up with a mandatory hygiene plan gets my vote.
Also, DM your email address just in case we find a way!
Trying to win tickets with kata.. No luck for me.. /:
most of them are way funnier than the one they went with!
Studies report that identity fraud has risen 13% since 2010, which is attributed partially to the growing population of smartphones.
Launched beta last night (this morning): votish.net
Tonite: The Bloodtypes punk party at Plan B bar in Porltand
Met y'all at the garage in Monmouth. We were recording at Monnow Valley. Gonna catch y'all tonight
Thanks for stopping in again today you guys! Happy #LeapDay!
Finally saw Avengers!
hey boo boo
Thanks for the good times!!! and the tweet, and the post...ill post the first minute long episode next week...:)
// Thanks for coming to Vegas, Lee!
": Have you ever heard the expression, "You break it you buy it"? Well sweetie...pay up."
follow back?? <3
I do not, however, know this Wobble business.
Why does Lloyd Blankfein always look like a startled baby?
I was just wondering the same thing LOL
#fashionStar with Now on NBC yes!!!
Oh then tell him to take his shit before you get in trouble but he/she could leave half the money
hypothetically, who would be the likely position player to pitch for the #brewers?
I don't get why anyone would value their political affiliation over their friends.
I'm not like a twitter celebrity yano:(
I think roadrage is a strong adjective to describe "annoyed while driving"
Are you going to FOSE next week? Sent you an invite for the Meetup on Weds.
I try, but I'm never perfect. But the blood of Jesus covers my imperfections so the Father can still look upon me with love.
Miami Dolphins undrafted rookie free agents sign deals
Lakers won 1 game so far. This series is living up to my expectations
Happy St. Patrick's day!! Come celebrate with us :) weve got live music NOW until midnight! And no cover!
im gunna be so happy when i win #nodenoire all i do is win win win no matter WHAt
Also - any creative alt options for kissing at the reception - no glass clanking.
Thanks to #a4aChallenge sponsor & Dir. of Education and Advocacy Barry Ford for joining us at the #BreakfastofChamps!
Thanx, Nate! Should be a fun experience!
lol I know. I love the sound of typing though. It's kind of therapeutic.
bad link.
I don't know anything about Illinois football. Thanks, Zook.
Lovely visualization tool! I want to learn more!
Thank you for the RT!:)
And my husband moves to VA Beach for six months in March. Boo.
Debating if it's reprehensible to go to ebay for retro Wizards gear...
I'm sure Vimeo paid handsomely for their site being featured in this fine movie.
So happy to see my child.
Come have a drink with me at tonight! :)
Mammals running speed determines eye size
aww thank you!
3 Conservative Myths About Government Conservatives fudge the facts on spending, debt, and taxes in their crusade against the government.
Just can't bring myself to. RT I can't look away from this train wreck, the Best of Food Network Star. New season Sunday.
sorry, haven't found mine yet this year.
HAPPY BIRFDAY WE LOVE YOU!!! <333333
Not you Belmster
Attention ACM students - check your email today for news on business incubation grants!
Dude, these cookies are only 50 calories each and delightful. Trust me, worth it. One super sweet, one is enough.
We just finished meeting with Congressman W. Todd Akin (MO-2) at his #MarchForLife reception in the Capitol Visitors Center.
haha, I'm glad you liked it xD Hope you feel better, or, even better than better!
i do too =\ i miss yall for real. i cant wait for when we have a sleep over
big market
from the show Flipper?
Blake Griffin
yea im srry
This two weeks of spring break is amazing! Waking up at 11 every morning. Last night got to see Hunger Games with my brother. Awesome week!
Good luck to your boys tomorrow!!
Do you remember Chris Webber and the Fab Five? Well, we the The Buff Orpingtons...
there was just a clue about 1D!! They even played wmyb!
Follow me ( 8
Just discovered that in 1932, San Francisco's Pier 5 offered Air Terminal service. Visualize water-skating airliners taking off over TI.
it seems to be a lot like The Zone. Lots of lean protein in the "attack phase". 3 days, limited carbs.
Looks like the Chicago Bears are going to start off 0-2 this coming season.
Too pumped for this haunted hospital Fantasy Factory :)
What in the world you got in that bag what you got in that bag
I'd love to hear about what you're working on currently.
Sup solid snake?? When u coming back to 412?? We are in midst of opening #art gallery in Oakland- Nate
same sample....just a shorter chop on mine. GREAT ear ;-)
Owen Daniels and celebrating together on the sidelines.
I cannot wait till summer...
True RT : #Virgos always feel like there is something more they should be doing.
First time tweeting today. And I really have nothing substantial to say.
Be my Valentine ;)
ugh my phone takes way 2 long 2 charge.
“: “: #BELIEVEtour announcements this month...stay tuned” AH🎶😊 #getready” yay!!! 👏❤
Props to all #running in #Boston today! Woo hoo Boston Marathon!!
Exercise is the chief source of improvement in our faculties.Hugh Blair
Since when TF is it 2 in the morning?
partying all day all night!!!! And that good dude what are u doing after?
Isn't the biggest impediemnt to content everywhere the mobile carriers who are limiting data?
This is a great reception. Kudos #mw2012 !
At ICON studio with an . HOTTEST ,
Amazing show tonight!!!
Gov would consider any "vital programs" affected, but suggested much of the $ from the settlement w/ banks would have been used for lawyers.
always a pleasure to have you out :)
I got a few concepts you should check out. Thank you for those who support!
RT: Sun. Apr. 15th does The House of Blues in
Your mind can set you free. To reach your own paradise just let go
Nothing specific, just that he wants to keep JMMA alive. It's never a good thing when he sets his mind towards something.
Happy Monday everyone! Bring some art and beauty into your life this week :)
What's with this horrible weather, Chicago?!
Just saw cm punk over behind the semis. Couldnt get pic he left to fast
Rock Star...and to think I knew you when. Congratulations Dr. Shavonne. Wow, Wow, Wow!!!!!!
followed bunch of y'all. Thanks for following me little bunnies! Xoxoxoxo
its on again
It is easy to take liberty for granted, when you have never had it taken from you. ~Author unknown
Workout #2 let's get it
come back strong next year bro
#happyhumpday please follow
thank you! Your really beautiful!
Another packed DH session - "Digital Pedagogy" #s349 #MLA2012 - fantastic projects on display!
Woot Woot! Hope you love it! RT Just picked up my from Looking forward to drinking it
Trying to break 3000 Views on youtube
Goodbye to the 2011-2012 NBA season
lol too soon?
We support our troops. Did you know we offer a military discount and a senior citizen discount. Come check us out this weekend!
Lost my pillow pet.! # mad.!
Followed. Follow bck?
someones happy;) follow me please?x
You're either physical or not. I hope he gets better. I like Berry, he's just not a starter.
RT : "Andy Edwards, is now trending in #KansasCity."Another memento on the refrigerator!
I signed up with to update my status while I'm running the #CbusMarathon, in real-time, during the race on Oct 18
So cool! products are in the set decor for horse racing drama 'Luck' premiering Sunday!
The worst thing for a singer? A head cold, woke up this morning witha stuffy nose and sore throat...any suggestions?
has now pissed me off! The University of Kentucky is best cheerleading school...period!
Oh, you're certainly guaranteed an awesome recipe then
RT Getting the day started with a Sencha Green tea recommend by - perfect choice for this nice spring weather.
OMG. Yes.
The guys from Railroad Earth can shred, yes, but now I need something urban for the drive home
I WANNA RUB MY FACE ON HIS FACE. AH.
#gcyale : Hollywood's craziness is causing more people to use anonymity tools, making them much much better.
To #iowa, please vote
Denzel movies never get old.
I didn't have them in the Final Four to begin with, but I wonder if anyone is changing their brackets after hearing the #Syracuse news.
i give up. i aint about that life
I got that! Funny. Also check out furminator. My cat was too prissy to allow it, but a kitten might be more pliable.
Definitely just spotted a few flakes. Office started screeching.
In your opinion, what is one of the greatest challenges facing an actor in Los Angeles?
Well, I'll be at Ivy again next year.
Hey cabbie, maybe if you put your seatbelt on, the seatbelt signal will stop going off?
Why should I give a fuck when no one else does?
well tell him that ;)
was the tipping point 2 join twitter.now has influenced me to join instagram. i thought it was only an iphone thing.
Sad to see it when one person's mistakes affect the lives and careers of so other people.
People are always blaming everyone else for what they've done, GTFO.
YES!! I was there and it was awesome girl!! We needed this win.
where do you work?
First you take the cow to the killing floor...
Paint in my hair and dust on my boots
right same here.!!
If anyone knew Elizabeth Birr-there is a memorial on the side of the Jazz Gallery for you to remember her. Please stop by, light a candle.
Thanks, Sandra! Get your friends to vote, too...
Not having wifi is killing me!
Excited to have #opencontext and join as sponsors of #THATCamp Bay Area Oct. 9-10. Apps open Aug 1.
Did you get a #vegan green tea and mandarin orange cupcake #pizza yet?
Workout was brutal but fun!
lol look up "llamas with hats" on youtube
Have a great rest of your weekend!
Holy monsoon in NYC!
I never want to do what I know I have to. #procrastination Clean the dishes.. do laundry..
"Well done is better than well said." ~Benjamin Franklin
Happy Easter! We will be closed today for the holiday but hope to see you all again soon!
Oh God ,, Really really sexy+handsome !!!!!!!!!
why is this generation in such a hurry to grow up?I would kill to be little again,playing outside and having only a skinned knee to cry over
the phn works 2 ways! 😏I'll call you tomorrow. 👍📱
Just booked my flights to Berlin next month! A week of lawmakers, journalists, business leaders and then a hop over to Leverkusen (Bayer HQ)
< One thug from vp i do miss tho.
Congratulations! Ive been trying to get ahold of you! Filming wont be for awhile so I'll try you in a few weeks again.
yeahh me to babe :) x x
Ida, I'm praying for your family's safety. This is terrible.
lol have u seen this vid? My fav line: "Big Shoes, Big Socks!'
and by the way, I agree, we should all point out when they don't act like Democrats, happens way too much.
pls email for full details. Thanks!
the what??
I i cant wait till summer!!
Us too. It would insult me.
detach yourself for someone else, without a mirror you're not yourself.
should be! A day in the life of a library/ librarians
": Just got my earrings from kno my mother is going to Love hers...Thanks:)" yayyy!! I hope she does ♥
that's a damn good look.
Butternut squash stuffed with wild rice, sweet Italian sausage and chanterelles
I wouldn't mind being in love with you forever.
I am in need of a good playlist to work out to. Who has one?
So cool that event in Madison May 5th will feature Jim Boeheim of Syracuse tweeted this morning about the Gala
At #WinslowDynasty's CD release party with and ! Hangin' out like grown folks.
As has now removed his pants I'm makin' it rain on 'em. Shake what yo mama gave you Adam. LOL
#thingsmakeupartistssay I am an ARTIST not a MAGICIAN sweety!
you can contact the IRS and set up a payment plan, if I remember correctly.
I know!Nothing good ever comes from teacher calling Mom to come to school. “: she was SO serious about that one too. smh.”
I heart my co workers
We just booked PaterZilla for Feb 17th at !!
When it comes to Election 2012, the nuts seem especially fruitier than usual. And it's only May.
That's exactly what I was thinking. I don't even know how she gets pictures of me.
Choline Consumption During Pregnancy May Lower Babies&#39; Risk Of Diabetes: Study
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 45
Oklahoma City Thunder. Formerly my and ' Seattle SuperSonics.
I smile.. because it increases my face value :)
Random spongebob moment
Do you typically help your clients with their environmental due diligence?
dnt yu hate it when the plug fall out the wall when yu trina charge yo phone! lol
Fun hangin out w the #rebels softball team but dont miss the drama and egos running the team
I can't stand thirsty ass dudes and once a female turns them down, they all get rude and say "You was ugly any ways bitch"
you at the game too?
Good Morning baby!!
me too. It has been too long.
Can't really focus
Think the refs are favoring #Syracuse??
Nothing to do till wednesday... Hm ok roys
*Finds out crush isn't here today* 'Damn ... wasted outfit.'
Cincinnati is a beautiful city, full of potential, with good rhythm throughout core city. But hate seeing riverfront parking
If so, it earned its name = dunce.
you should follow the cow
i can u dont love me any more :( u dont talk to me no more i miss u bff!!! :.(
What's the last bid?
*Good night*
Visiting Las Vegas and looking for a professional in-room massage? Follow
: thanks for following. A very Happy New Year to you and yours!
“: Never let times of discouragement in the dream overshadow the greatness of what God is doing behind all the pain.”
“: Technology and an umpire not in agreement a lot tonight.” very tight strike zone.
That time when 911 is too busy to answer your call.
yourwelcome! :) it WILL happen. I wish I were meeting them, I've seen both groups only standing by the tour busses tho
Same to you! You guys are the best!!!
Heard "Hey Ya" for the first time since 2004. Lend me some sugar. I am your neighbor!
There is nothing stronger than gentleness.
": God I notice.. I really notice. #thankYou"
i hope you lost or he isn't a very good guard
language or Travel class?
yup knocking shit out like Mike Tyson.
And yes we'll see you at #sparkandhustle in New York!! Can't wait!
"who in the band has the nicest ass?" "me, i think." jordan your ass is nonexistent sorry bud
Happy Earth Day! We've tweeted some great links on recycling coffee grounds and reusing old coffee mugs. ReduceReuseRecycle!
2 drink or not 2 drink? Thinking about having some Owen Roe Sinister Hand.
The #TSA screeners allegedly took $$ to allow cocaine, meth and marijuana to pass thru the X-ray machines at LAX security checkpoints.
Robert is off to Indianapolis for a tax day Ethics speech for ISES
the class of 99 will never let it go, Trailblazers-yes; Thankful-yes; old timers-yes. Let THIS team have its time.
It is such a beautiful morning! Even tho I gotta spend the next few hrs at the MVA, I am trusting God that today will be a better day.
yeah it's naptime. bring on the Z...
WAR'S "Me and Baby Brother"...getting ready for WAR at Socorro Entertainment Center this Saturday and Sunday.....yea!!
A good point: have not a schol.comm. librarian, but a schol.comm. *committee*. Institutional memory is crucially important in OA advocacy.
next time put it in a shot glass and mail it to me!!!
i guess i don't know what i want ...when my focus in on success i just hope something tags along my journey that i call mine
I don't go to any of those fucking schools?
Talking QR codes on tonight, thought of you :)
While #CES has more people, percentage of bare midriffs MUCH higher at comiccon
Been to 4 Ian's. The one in Milwaukee is HANDS DOWN the worst. Not to mention, a guy dropped dead in line and resurrected 30 seconds later.
When people cause problems so my mom goes all crazy 
Playin' Colorado Music Buzz Issue Release party at Herman's Hideaway...
says "there too many fat asses out there"
thank u! I am "a little bit goofball"! ;)))
Soldiers sang. "Hooker is our leader, He takes his whiskey strong." #Civilwar novel, GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Kindle/Amazon
I do not mean that if you are good you will be happy; I mean that if you are happy you will be good
omg and I get to see FATS after almost 2 years :')
I'd rather you didn't--I've very anti-spoiler, and I consider the delights of her prose as "spoilable" as the plots.
'm near positive he measured 6' even and closer to 200. I still think Jeffery will be the best in class.
Smile. Your enemies hate it.
I like doing reviews, though, sometimes I feel I'm too negative.
It is almost Kerrigan Chili con Blarney Time. I am making my PC chili today. Come to the Capital Market Sat. at Noon for a sample.
what exactly is considered an older design? There's a couple shirts I would like but I have to wait until I get paid.
biggest fan of you all my life. Everything about this band is perfection, and you should come to Louisville, KY!
looks amazing.
Need to find missing persons posters!
I am sorry but I usually think of something else when it comes to females genitals and it is not like a secret formula :)
Featured in the group tonight at Kitano, NY: Bill Easley, sax, Tommy James, piano, Hassan Shakur, bass, Payton Crossley, drums. kitano.com
maybe he's referencing the Marquette polls/others funded by similarly conservative groups. We know they don't matter
no :/ I've called like 3 different numbers but ill text you about it
what's good for tonight bro
In the studio with and Ultimate swag.
I hear ya. But these have tangle free cord. Wrap it around your neck prevent from pulling ends. Awesome.
OH at work: "some people try to catch cougars and keep them as pets." "yeah that's happens at Victor's every weekend."
Please let me collect all Band-Aid Brand Bandages...they're just so fun looking.
I thought ultra low budget meant maybe $2.99 or so. John LaCarna
lol like he needs it
miss you girls!
Best workout with Sherri this morning. I love Formula!
I can think of no better way to use one's words.
direct message me about this.
too much to do on Monday mornings. A lot more bandwidth on Sunday night :)
The woman has a name...
Poor has to sleep on the other side of a thin wall when a man is snoring so loud... #iwouldbuyyouearplugsbutyouaremoving :(
why oh why did you even bother to watch that? lol hope you enjoy your drink better than the movie!
Day two of a powerful delegation of #womentogether in AL fighting HB56
Cannes 2012: 25 Films to Watch A gallery of the biggest, most anticipated, and more intriguing of this year's Cannes Film Festival titles
You playin' with anybody this year?
Here's a thought: Will ur loved ones be taken care of if something were to happen to u? I offer #LifeInsurance and #retirement planning.
Study shows fewer young adults have their drivers license In Texas: 2000 82% of ages 20-24 had license In 2010 74% of ages 20-24 had license
On a day like today, it will be worth the wait.
"U know u know u know we on that". Hahahaha ok I stop
Welcome to TSU ! We'd love for you to join us on Facebook & Linkedin as well!
Crossed Keys is gonna be in Covina, CA they are shooting their COWBOY Music video at Nick's Taste of Texas. 9PM All Ages $5 a person. 1-6-12
Also, should I buy Japanese rubber stamps shaped like little cameras?
Dave Mustaine, the founder and lead vocalist for Megadeth, turns 50 today.
Oh NICE! After having the best vacation of my life with Safari in Kenya...I might have to buy this, too!
Never cross time zones the day after a time change lol. All screwed up!
Loved the story on at the half. Only suggestion for , more
haha sorry for almost not letting you in at the front gate.
You may have afresh start any moment you choose, for this thing that we call 'failure' is not the falling down, but the staying down
... I'm blessed to work with a team that's not just about soccer, but about changing lives!
loll naa u the other half that ill b seein haha
What did you think tonight? Lots of strings tied up, eh? Happy ever after?
Same guy now wants to use our phone. WTF?
OK send us an email & let's chat. saskia @ cinemaspeakeasy.com
"Aw!I thought Madonna was gonna sing her new song but she's doing a weird old STREISAND song." "Huh?" "Yeah Mom-'Vogue it' or whatever."
"There are plenty of fish in the sea." -someone stating facts about the world's oceans
When someone brings more problems to your life than happiness, it’s time to show them the door where they can exit.
Im tired of struggling and really tired of hustling.. dey say he wash away ya sins so ya better put ya trust in him
The goal is to know Him, to spend time w Him. The goal is eternal life. Jn 17:3 and THAT is a goal i can obtain each and every day!
Thanks love! Love you more! xoxo
I walked my pug (Angelo) in The North End, Boston. Now I'm off to Kelly's, Revere Beach to get ice cream. A little healthy:)
Mr. Jeffers thanks you!
What's up with these birds chirping right now at midnight ?
Why can't I want to see #TheAvengers?
yes, I can't even remember what it tastes like, but I want it
Tell em like it is Judd: fallic-looking metals should be earned, not bought!
#nwpam11 last year the federal government broke our collective hearts when they ended direct funding for professional dev. for teachers
It's so obvious why snow white took a bite of that perfect $AAPL. I'd eat a bushel of 'em.
We need help. Names suck.
I know right? Lmao. Maybe it'll get better when amanda gets here (:
Kyle Korver doing work.
the only movie stars i know who have xbox live chloe moretz chris mintz-plasse jack black ben stiller and tobey maguire thatsall
Thanks for the follow Jon! Looking forward to your tweets, we've got many wines that would fit in your under $20 criteria
Hope all you marchers have great shows tonight! Remember: the football team will be playing before and after YOUR featured performance! ;-)
send us a DM or email us ASAP on to arrange a visit w at
Heading home from Montreal, next trip Cape Town to see !
Maybe youth-to-youth channel holds more credibility with students. Cynical side sez expect another evil take-down, timed well.
We are located at 385 Broadway, btwn Walker & White Streets, NY, NY
It's Saturday and St. Patrick's Day, which means double the douchebaggery. I don't think I could handle it!
Hm. In the office, I'm inundated with email. Out of the office…crickets. What gives?! Come see me if I'm there!
The sky isnt always blue.The sun doesn't always shine. So its ok to fall apart sometimes,but always remember to get up again.
Good thing i had insurance on it.
Speaking @ U of Miami Mentor Appreciation event tonight. Where would any of us be without the mentors who prodded us along the right path?
watching #moneyball. Decent movie. Good baseball movie bout the #'02 Oakland A's
Our neighbors took pity on us after our tomato plants were destroyed and gave us a bunch of theirs. Very nice folks.
my boy wasaap
Got my best friend back <333
Would you help us by collecting books & funds for our Mother's Day/Father's Day message filming? Tweet us for info!
you won the Black Keys tickets! Feel free to DM, so we can take care of the details. Happy Friday!
Know of any place which would be great for a live GMB show?! Let me know!
:-) twitter went down immediately after 90% tax on executive bonuses hit the AP wire...
I just dmed u
Sometimes you think you're hurting me,but in reality you're just making me a stronger person <3
this test tomorrow is gonna be killer :/
i don't think they make apple spice anymore. if they do, they'll be give many people diabetes.
Yay, 8 AM on a Saturday.
indeed, but the Post article had the former
Been to a lecture on anarchist #feminism It's good to know there's a community working around the topic in NY
Happy Mother's Day!
So excited to watch #PLL tonight
sending love and luck your way missy! Kick ass!
i'll let you feed &treat :D
im afraid to ask what the best 2 are
EBSCO, I will not pay a bill that is not itemized. How do I know if you are charging me for subs I cancelled?
A man from Netherlands plans to take pictures of 194 world capitals in next 5 yrs, when hes done his friends will tell him bout Google Earth
Killed the cat
I don't disagree, but didn't need a QB, and was so barren at RB, I took upside shots. That was the plan!
Semper Fi 236th birthday shout-out My #Navy husband served with you & says you're alright :-)
Amen and Amen!
I went to that lady she's amazing!
gona miss ya. I'll be back later
a good time was had by all!
Adele has one of the best voices i've ever heard. I hope she wins a VMA!
thanks for the shout out!
love california days like this!!
Members of House Finance move into "explain my vote" speeches on #coasset. Two Dems so far will vote yes.
NEW SONGZ UP CHECK UM OUT!!!
Im On My Feet Like...#TenToes!
WHAT THE FUCK CHUCK?!
20 more tweets
Happy mothers day Sis!
close, but it must say "I want free tickets to "
alright coolness
yep! But only for a layover. Had this been my final stop you know I would have told you!
Thanks for including us!
Just happy to help :)
Have you ever spent a Saturday with your family running a family emergency drill? You never know when one might hit right?
I hate sentences that begin with: "you can either..."
Orange is orange.
Thanks for having a look! Checked out your webpage. Nicely done!
that's a great song. That band has some really good stuff. Also rather like The Summer, Any Fun, and Drummer.
3 varieties of blueberry, 2 varieties of strawberry, 2 varieties of raspberry, and 4 batches of thornless blackberries. All for the boys...
Chillen at the bar .
With close friends, crab dinner + drinks = Whitney Houston commemorative guitar session. RIP, a true talent.
can't wait to see it for myself!
I can't believe these fighters are only 150 some pounds like REALLY ?? 😳
Absolutely loved the social media article in last months - so spot on!
Thanks! Now to obtain employment...
You're gross.
