On my way hold the bottles.
I support and his goal to get campaign finance laws put into place.
Is Diet Citrus Green Tea different in the new bottle? Why does it taste different to me?
Quality lunch with Sergio. I had the best grilled cheese of my life :) TGIF
DO! I would advise starting your research with #Lecrae and #Flame314. Two of my favs.
I think Rhianna and Tyga should date.
Taylor Gang or choke urself with a Brian Pumper chain.
There's more of a job to do than just a view on YouTube
my class ends at 5:15--what's the time difference?
OK! We will live like KINGS!
IDEAS FROM SCRATCH! WE WILL WORK IT OUT FOR YOU FROM OUR FREE QUOTES! EMAIL:
#telljimmy - Jimmy is always spot on with great coaching
ahh whatever. U will after this season. Thats if Jeremy Lin doesn't steal the show! lol
The only person whose behavior we can control is our own. ~Glasser
Apparently they put on the 3 goggles in that last timeout.
these pics could be Anytown, USA
Gov. Jerry Brown proposed cuts to poor kids & disabled as part of his plan to eliminate a $26.6 billion deficit.
before i married her she was like that.. but she's not really.. that type of girl that does that
Bill Maynard & Tom Champoux Heart, Soul and Spirit
Woman just don't have a G-spot...they have a G-Spot, A-Spot and U-Spot.
My expectations were surpassed.
2 more days until my vacation starts. I have all of next week to get a Sony Publishing deal or something. I NEED it. Songs are wasting.
Duh! Newt.
so is kinda like the blair witch project except even more boring and even more fucking stupid/terrible/full of bullshit.
Free thinkers are dangerous;)
RT : ...will be live-blogging via both AND my own through tomorrow at #DF11 <Will be paying attention ^ME>
"You can't defend a city with no army," Carmen Trutanich says of city attorney's budget.
Driving around Marion with the little sis. Blasting in the heights!!
I am currently the following: excited, tired, anxious, exhausted, jumpy, sleepy, off & on. I'm not the following: here right now.
Phil Huges tonight for Yankees. Will he give us a positive going into Boston??
We have NOTHING TO DO with John Harrison!! NOBODY that is here now had ANYTHING to do with his exploits!
T has changed its handle! From to Follow us there for all things stylish.
: I am unreliable and go through spurts.
Only in America...
how cool would it be if TAP toured with Mariana's Trench? -abbie
hahah yeah & that's why I do hurdles & long jump!!
Live-tweeting my angst: creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creepi
I've been living in this apartment for 2 months and I am now finally settled and completely unpacked in my bedroom. Home sweet home!
I'm so distracted by all the lovebugs flying around outside my widow, attached in their mating ritual & drunkenly careening around.
I havent givin up yet and i never will. im waiting for that special day when u finally notice me. :)
Chris, one shot gets you faded lol
I find you get a lot more good ideas looking outside of your field. There are lots of good ideas from from business.
Editors! Looking for feature doc editor for Email reel to . Paid gig, shoots summer. cc:
Great news.
Jeff Beeler () has shared a Tweet with you: "eBidjob: RT : will be on the live tonight at 9p…
Really need to do something about this fireball of rage I woke up with in my guts. Taking suggestions.
And Susan Forscher Weiss's paper/multimedia show/bacchic feast marvelously demonstrated the syncretic work of alchohol and song
OMG I gotta do my math homework.. like now -_-
Big waves and rip tides at the beach on LBI, but otherwise, a gorgeous day. The surfers are ecstatic.
Thanks! Contact about doing a piece for Productive Magazine.
yeah, u probably right! Plus no paparazzi!
Wow, I like UNC's chances of getting to the FF.
i get upset every time I see your profile photo. Put a shirt on man.
Thanks! I thought so too. The signs were a good idea :)
my girl down at the track runnin' thangs...
get with He wants details for you to mix & master his music!! Holler at him...
O your welcome
Happy Kuumba (Creativity)! Do something fun & creative for NYE!
Oh Lord.. Really, Publix for a topic?! LMAO!!!
Deff just got like fucking attacked by a snake walking home with
It'll be the same thing tomorrow..
In Ann Arbor, accident on NB 23 north of Washtenaw Avenue. Four fire trucks. Not sure of the back-up. Anyone know?
exciting!!! Cant wait to see it!
good times last night! next time we'll need to remember to go with the filtered Chardonnay ;)
Gather up all products in your house or garage that contain unsafe chemicals and drop off at your local hazardous waste facility.
Lucky dog you.
aw C'MON power search it for me Brian!! LOL
well best of luck to everyone. If shit hits the fan, I will supply the whiskey.
Mann I feel like death
This is how the scrub ass laker fandom felt last yr
My spirit animal is this pair of high heels I recently bought.
Is the new trend for these companies suing everybody over patents?
Yup, he's right about 80%, just goes too far sometimes
Happy Fat Tuesday all!!!!! Who wants some beads!!!!
RT : Good news, everyone! Troll 2 is on Netflix Instant!
True. “: Why on earth haven't Child Protective Services intervened on "Toddlers & Tiaras" yet? I am appalled!”
Going to have a very long workout tom. Thanks to eating like crap today :(
"Let's go, I'm hot." "But I'm wearing a sweatshirt and I'm fine." "My body temp is higher than yours." "False." "Okay Doctor X." - Francis
I love North Park News!
Shoot done! Can't wait to see the finished product.
going ok. Writing tomorrow nights show. How r u?
Thanks for following, super couple! :-)
Looking for something new & to do tonight? Join us here at Revolver at 8:30pm for our free dance lessons!
Start the day off w/ a bang and eat #breakfast w/in 1 hour of waking up. Great idea: cereal w/ 5+ grams of fiber, greek yogurt, blueberries
Just bought my husband a Sig 1911,Tact ops traditional. Nice gun!
happy new year, Darren.
Good Morning Ms. Easterly! Hope you have a wonderful day and a productive week ^_^
Early season stats show Rangers at 162-0, Beltre 0-700 with a .000 average. Win some, lose some.
Nothin like destroying a good beat
Thanks! Look for some photos next week.
Back...head...omg, you are **shot** kiddo...time to start dating a doctor.
please Stand Up and say youve got that One Thing which means you get the finalist spot. Please
Melrose Place. ;) RT : So great to run into you! Miss you tons! :)
me, earlier: OMFG SO HUNGRY. me now, after eating : omfg why do i even eat in the morning? so sick. i can't eat for 2hrs after waking.
Haha! Yeah, Afentra! Kiss her ass! Kiss it real fucking good. Slobber that shit up, coach ass on your mouf.
Omg! I haven't been on twitter all day!! i missed my tweeples. ): So how is every one day, today?!?! (:
hahahs I want to have a class with you do I could witness this hahahaha
I don't care anymore.
The WSJ and NEWS Corp. continue to slam FL Governor Charlie Crist, one of my favorite politicians. Don't listen
Merry Christmas from Canada :D
So will be chatting live during this weeks show via #facebook #ustream and twitter thanks to
Cool: marching band playing Deck the Halls. Cooler: in shorts and flip flops in the middle of Seeley, CA
Live by the three, Dye by the Three. Louisville in the final 4 as Florida goes cold from the 3 in 2nd half
Archers of Loaf show in 2011 features pretty much the same guy/girl ratio and flannel/non ratio as it did in 1993.
NEW FRESH SUPER STICKY FROSTY DANK IN: Jack Here & Trainwreck! Full Menu at www.WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy! ;)
wait how u know that need info now need info pronto need it in the morning like alonzo *tyga voice*
Discovery- Digitizing Audio. Invention - MP3 Player. Innovation - itunes/iPod.
Facebook. Is your page exclusively personal, exclusively professional, or a combination? Do you have a fan page for business use?
austin can u follow me.. i doubt u will get this tweet but if u do please folow me :D LOVE YOU <3
We're open on Monday, but you're welcome to cartwheel anyway!
7 Blue Skies @ The Haven this Sunday for Rock For Gina. Doors are at 2:00 pm. Come spend the last night on the weekend with us!
Had a good day with my baby susy now to go back to school
#wordoftheday Jocular (adj) intended for joking; facetious. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
I love to get Giordano's pizza while in Chicago.
Hate to jump in but Braves org said if they had Mo instead of #Yankees theyd won 4 Trophies
Any1 read 'The Thank You Economy' by GVaynerchuk? Amazon mixed reviews - Worth the read?Lookin 4 thought provoking info on branded community
Thanks! What an honor to work with you and the whole #edcampCincy team.
There are 3 types of workers those who get things done those who watch things get done &those who wonder how so much got done
scumbag texting while driving sign, sign looks just like a text message
We created the list because we know we have the most amazing friends out there. We're going to grow old with all of you! ;)
Don’t you worry, okay? Things will work out. We started this thing together, and that’s how we’ll finish it. –Mushu (Mulan) :)
g00d morning RT whipped coffee drinks?! Drive safely! >> either of you 2 can "whip my coffee " anytime!!
MY BDAY DINNER THIS FRIDAY MAY 18 @ HOOTERS BY WOLFCHASE MALL @ 7 !!! Come show me love please :) Let me know
A gourmet who thinks of calories is like a tart who looks at her watch. ~James Beard
David Foster Wallace begins writing "A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again" at the airport, where he has four hours to kill.
I definitely feel like that sometimes. :| Also, how are you doing? :)
saw it. Loved it.
I'm already p to 27 tweets? In 20 mintes? AH!
Our demographic is young smart and hip..An appreciation for kitsch is always welcome
get out there and live girl!
get the fried oyster PO boy!
Interesting hypothetical VIVO query: "Which papers from NIH-funded grants not [yet] in PMC?"
Thanks for the shout out!
Thank you very much ted for following me you made my day really great
finding good restaurants to follow
correct sir
I celebrate the process!
Obsessed with My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding. Ob-Sessed!
you have pointed out my flaws again as if i don't already see them
“Libraries are the one American institution you shouldn't rip off.” – Barbara Kingsolver
Thank you so much! :)
The Presidential Medal of Freedom will go to Madeline Albright, John Doar, Bob Dylan, William Foege, John Glenn, Gordon Hirabayashi...
Almost time to catch Snoop and Dre at Coachella. Word on the street is 2pac and Nate Dogg will be there too.
Game day! After last night's ugly game in dallas I'm flying home just in time for #RaptorsAtSuns. See you there
Every day they will test you...
Give peace and Candi a chance!
A special shout-out 2 the #SouthernElite fam @ Sterling who will be attending the prom 2day.
EVERYONE saw too. I just like stayed there on the ground..it was bad
its so weird how one thing can mean so much to you.
um, i did, too. what have we become?
Keep getting snail mail from vendors wanting me to visit their booth at Midwinter. Not only is it very late, I wasn't even there.
i need to escape to miami. Now.
Bad day today -.-
wits AMAZING huh?!!(:
Cleaning house, upgrading Ubuntu on 3 comps, listening to radio, drinking beer.
We've gone global! GMM has clients in Italy, Sweden, England, Scotland, and Canada. Please visit gorovmusic.com for more information.
Taking the AP Spanish test tomorrow ugh 
Great meetings in Beverly Hills, Vegas next than Miami next week. Too much travel this time of year.
#BobbyV what the heck were you thinking taking Dubront out of the game when he was doing a superb job? When will the Sox learn!!
shut up and text me fool.
So guess who finally downloaded the twitter app?
Hey thats lyrics!
My mom is still not completely convinced that I'm not a lesbian.
Damnit Sprint. I can't effectively brag about spending a work day at Great American if you won't load my pictures.
Thank you so much, Cindy!!
I already warned #fleetfoxes about your Taco Bell pitch. Ethereal music just doesn't gel with gordito crunch wraps.
Every time I see a lemur, I think the King from the "Madagascar" movies. =)
We don't actually carry Magic Hat #9 cans, still the bottles, (on special for 2 bucks tonight). I just like the commercial. Enjoy!...
Does anyone know what happened to Blue Moon, formerly on Hillside?
Hi Bitch
Oh you went to Peoria Packing... hm...
haha don't make me feel like a bad kid for partying on a Tuesday. But understandable.
“: Those annoying girls who always try to flirt with guys who have girlfriends. Go away” haha
I am extremely frustrated and confused.
mission statement shld be something abt preempting / foreclosing every transgressive opportunity for the kids for 126 years
please tweet the talk highlights:) I'd luv to hear her sometime
Dont make me give out your sexcam account name
thanks for the follow! We hope you can join us at yards park on sept 10th for BBQ, beer and college football!
I love Peyton so much. Y'all don't even know.
More charities & visual arts orgs (galleries, studios, museums) are using #Pinterest so far. Fewer in perf arts yet
good to hear sexy
Looking forward to everyone coming out to tonight and banging 13,000+ cheer sticks for a win
Getting crunk before you take off is usually a good idea.
Watching American Idol with my mom and sister... Summer is so exciting.
I agree. Google has a business to run. They raised lots of awareness blacking out the logo. Some new opposing senators have emerged
Hey, it's snowing!
;) haha its what I do.
Idk how many times i got to tell ppl, I DONT GIVE A RABBITS ASS ABOUT WHAT PEOPLE SAY ABOUT ME.! GTFO.!
Gas Station, McDonald's, Then School.
with me :)
RT : A4. Chapstick, my La Sportiva climbing shoes, and a Nalgene full of water hooked on an outer loop of my backpack.
survive and advance
Moving? Want to do it in a greener way? Call us for a 10% discount on our eco-friendly moving boxes!
Wow, Kirk and Spock look pretty old for teenagers.
ok cool! You should come... Its going to be a blast! Text adam - he has all the info... are you dressing up? Lol
spain spain spain spain spain spain spain spain spain spain
"You cannot create experience; you undergo it."
haha. in his defense, he had to go to the bank for his joke...not the glovebox of his navi.
I can't tell if I'm hung over or not.
I would have went off
no problem :)
TLC to launch airport series, 'On the Fly' - WLKY Louisville
This is me right now: @ last day of prep before #RCFAustin. I hope to see you this weekend at booth #110!
Any screenings at SXSW by chance?
Snug Harbor hosts Rock&Roll event with Art Auction this Wed. 530pm check out Grand Haven ArtWalk on FB for details!
Good points. I assumed it would be easier to search a website. I think you gave me reasons to buy an #ipad now!
okay and imagine twitchy or dreamy is I there with us .
true... but I think it would be great for a woman to win. The event is focussed for women (although man can & do participate).
Thanks for all your time I enjoyed the webinar. It was a good one.
You are everything I see.
If I tell you the World is round and you think it is flat...am I arrogant
Idk it was like past my ass now its above my bra strap.
naw I'm not ready at all lol. It's not my day, I can chill and complement his swagg 👍
damn i lost my wallet with all my shit
hope you're feelin better bestie!! Am i gonna see ya this week?
yeh. It's harder to get high off of though, but still very much so possible.
Just heard your rant on on ESPN first take. Always stand for the truth and keep it real.
The menu for this Friday's Wine Dinner is AWESOME. Reserve your table if you haven't already and prepare to be blown away!
How many I.Q. points do you lose watching reality T.V.? I'm thinking all of them.
Excited to be at #gdc education, but shocked once again at the very high % of males in audience (esp after #DML2012 ). How to change?
#hyperspace great show on
My Quote of the Day - "This is one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.", Neil Armstrong
I could definitely get use to this.
that isn't even in your nature. Lol and here I am getting coffee for my morning wake up,and the early bird is sleeping in...
you know I eventually learned to like the cure in small doses again! I'm sorry but post the bends I haven't gotten into it.
. agreed. thanks #plonekonf organizers!
Playing D is a matter of will: what r you willing 2 do as a group 2 help each other out? 2 do as individual 2 put clamps on? -Phil Jackson
check your email
#Cavs offense wants this game to be over as soon as possible. #WhoWantsToChuckSomeThrees?
I miss Pride so much!!! I really wish that we had a show or practice or something just so I could see everyone again!
is watching His Band. This should be interesting. Hm should I follow through Twitter or FB?
If you know how to make me happy without doing too much
Thanks so much for the support!
my. neighbors. so much yelling. so much everything.
I'm starting to like this twitter thing.
Thanks! Congrats on the pilot!! So exciting!
Come to The Firehouse Gallery at 1pm to keep me company and check out the great art and boutique!
You should probably change your password. You're sending out "not you" types of tweets. Receiving weird DMs from M Smith, same.
SD Sheriff crime lab witness John Willey lied in court & suddenly retired.DA Dumanis refuses to inform the criminal bar. Ethical?
Anti-intellectualism is a problem, but so is hyper-intellectualism. Intellectual values are not superior, should not exclude others.
seems silly to lose the egg now, what would the easter bunny put in his basket?.
radical! Photos?! Sounds like the plastic hunt was a success.
tweet me your favorite songs :)
Thank you thank you thank you for helping pull that off! Amazing! Hope you and are having fun!
I could have wrote that article.. lol. not exactly groundbreaking, but sweet. "step 1, go exploring!"
Han Suyin~ There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness.
One acts poster complete! Watch out for the coolest poster ever and come see the coolest set of one acts - ever. May 21- June 5.
wednesday means it's closer to the weekend!!
ACM members- want to be featured in E-Forum? Send us a link to press about your innovative & exiciting news: .
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Since it's legal to record any communication you are involved in, be aware that your ex may be taping you.
check out my web site www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
I got my picks for tonights games on #TNT video blog up soon #Knicks #Bulls #Thunder and #Blazer fans #NBA Fan check me out
hey Justin please follow mw
Damn, Im Fucking Burned Out. My Body Is Crashing.
Dimelo! Text me. Everything good??
monday is fine. slide it under my door, i will be out of the office.
We'll have a bottle with your name on it. Literally. :)
lmfao amazing party
Holly fck! I will pay anyone if they made me some enchiladas or sopes<3 I'm HELLA CRAVING FOR SOME!
Aight will do!
Jersey shore tonight (:
Great for the Owls! “: Welcome to FAU, Mr. President. It is such an honor to have him speak on our campus today.”
hahaha "I don't know if it's any good, but I want to try it".
Lovin the complimentary drinks in the lounge here, but my 6:30am internal clock says no thanks
Congrats on your new position & thanks for introducing me to Dan. So far I'm still in the running. When's you're last day?
omg that is so cute!!!!!
Black Nativity, a must-see Boston holiday tradition, runs this weekend only! www.blacknativity.org! RT please!
oh the horror...the HORROR! I'll be stuck looking like a 12 year old...forevah!
I think that chick confused "Intimidating" with ugly. Females are nervous around winners
MT A4 Luckily this trend is making ppl envrnmntally conscious & able to make educated design decisions
Great idea! MT : #dls15 learning so much from my co-attendees. Is there a listserv where we can all keep sharing?
Thanks ! And congrats to you as well! We should both be proud of our placings!
It's Home Movie Day! At the Cultural Center with until 5PM. Just watched something titled Fightin' Femmes of France.
"Ilios would take her body if he had to--he was in that kind of a mood." I just have to read this book.
Horton Hears a Who RT : Reading aloud w/ kids helps them become successful readers who love books. Today's bedtime story?
What!? No Qwikster!?
That's cold
Looks like TONS of fun!
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal. ~From a headstone in Ireland
Fish Not Even Following Me . . . .
Business is like riding a bicycle - either you keep moving or you fall down.
it would make my world for you to say hello to me :) I'm so excited to hear you're working on a new album!
Ready for all the Jets fans to boo!
Anyone paying attention could see the kibosh coming with $AMZN. Stock struggled every day in Jan. to hold its own in spite on market gains
RT : Ladies send your men to the HERO Lounge where they can find tips on grooming, health & wellness AND Valentine's......
i sleep to dream.
I have thoughts (& maybe even handouts!) on this longer than 140, natch.
You Feel So Out Of Place, You Think You Don't Fit In. I Think You're Perfect In The Skin You're In. :) <33!
Just talking about being picky and setting your standards high for home repair and remodeling. Go to oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com for more.
thanks for the good words! great to see you; let's keep thinking together!
thank you!
How do you know jack Ehrbar and mike Guzman?
keep up the good work!!! Your the man!
Getting a new phone tomorrow! Leaving the old company finally!
...no problem. I gotcha
You should've told them "no, but they named the town after me."
That dude #KingJames got ice in them veins...Cold Blooded
#client excites crowd! RT McMillan w/ team stuck at 98pts in the huddle "Don't get caught up in that Chalupa s@!"
Despite wild promises to the contrary, I am NOT at
Finally seeing "Avengers" tonight!! Lehgo
ooh yeah of course i barely know(no offense) i mean if i liked you as more than a friend i would tell u. But yeah.
Yeah. I'm watching the #JERZATHON. Yeah buddy!
Now, GJ is listening to the Tubes. I can see why they were a One Hit Wonder
another one just randomly showed up today soo now there's 4 but ya one I claimed is mine :p and thank you! haha
I got the assignment! ...and then learned I wasn't exactly equipped to write the story I'd proposed. The editor had had no idea I was 15.
bitches on my dick cus i look like bieber
Lots of fantastic Heinlein quotes in the middle of "Time Enough for Love", including this one.
We will keep you up to date our project will be coming out soon. Make sure you lookout for it, spread the word, Thank You again
Thank you!
Just heard my cousin's mixtape..... Made me sad as fuck...R.I.P Davion Smith.....
Yikes Brandon Beachy.
. Props to on the video then too! Well done to the video team on the Road to #FirstKick :-) See ya'all in Dallas!
♬ August 1st 1960 Aretha Franklin made her first recordings for CBS Records ♬
I appreciate the breath of confidence. It is details near that end that make me question
Thinking about teaching myself #xml, #xslt, etc. Books will be easy to find. A cheap development platform harder, any suggestions?
Spilled some vodka on my insurance paperwork while reading over my new policy... Here's hoping my premium doesn't go up because of it...
Good morning world. Go at www.peggyguichu.com. Check out my paintings. Read my blog. Leave me some feeback.
Also, traffic light sign hanging upside down just south of Fuller on 16th Street NW, going northbound.
Day 2 of the transformation.... Great start just have to keep up the MOJO
Of course! El Paso should get this.
Coach Scott: "You get to this point of the year and teams know each other. Players are going to have to embrace the 1-on-1 challenge."
Ehmagawd! Uber sorry for nawt being awn; Todd messed with all of my passwords! And he deleted my Facebook! Kuh-laire is on probation now.
Asking for a free drink after you've searched through your empty wallet only works if you want me to walk away.
Let's show some Twitter love!!!!!!!!!
lol that's awesome!
Yeah, moms too. I was just having memories of when my babies were new. Miss those days, mostly.
ifeel good and confident
The LORD reigns, let the earth be glad; let the distant shores rejoice. Psalm 97:1
What's happening? I'll tell youb whats happening. I'm shoving my face with breakfast burrito when i should be on a run right now!! :)
Thanks! Teaching via Twitter sounds challenging :( But I can give you tips. Just ask me anytime :)
I hate watching the titanic. It's so sad.
Remnick, call me... just nailed your little caption contest.
Is saying hello Twitter.
christmas carols?
Kinsey any idea how I can promote my optometry practice in West Hollywood on twitter? wink wink
Its Tuesday!! You know what that means!! Brass Monkey Tacos for dinner and Brass Monkey Karaoke for dessert!! See you Tonight!!
In awe of the "seniors" at the gym who put in work!
i'll go to bed. we have a candidate coming tomorrow and i wouldn't want to sleep through her talk. kate will have to wait.
"Input CREATES output!"—Delano Johnson
Watching The Colbert Report with Viggle Mon | 11:31PM | Comedy Central Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I love root beer floats
I'm on the hunt for a coat now
Hey, thanks for coming in. We appreciate it. Hope to see you all again soon ! Niall
Some people shoud relize they opinion doesnt matter!!! #Haters come all shapes n sizes dont worry botu the next person only yourself!!
I am excited too!
thanx so much!
This is actually something I've been meaning to check out a bit.. have you seen any discussion of witter API limits?
Happy Derby Day! Mama needs a new pair of shoes...
Just started snowing here and I'm so looking forward to it -- let it snow!
when is your due date? My sister has about a month to go, and she's chasing a 2 year old. In other words, she's a saint.
Thanks for the RT.
We are back on Twitter and ready to send out some promos. Tweet #ifollow to get a special reply
one time, I nibbled on a piece of cheese and my cholesterol went up to 900.
who has better tailgates? BC fans on Shea Field or DCU fans on Potomac?
what movie again?
RT : Adam Yauch #RIPMCA. Thank you for Sabotage bass riff and many other great grooves. Adam also worked for justice and...
we need to hang soon and celebrate your internship!
Its good to be around a place were there aren't thousands of Bieliebers because on June 19 you can buy Believe without it being gone :)
Slightly blinded by the nylon-like glare of Gingrich's marvelous playmobil 'do'
how you been?
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. – Steve Jobs
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger. In this case, it DID kill me, and theres no way this much pain could make me stronger.
Just saw hands down best horror/monster movie in years!
i had Jalisco's last week.... M so good
Goodnight loves! Don't forget to wash your face;) the 1-step cleanser is perfect to clean, remove excess oils & tone all in 1
Are there any (good) steampunk symphonies?
wow, I'd thought #TweetingDuringSex would be a HUGE thing on here, but apparently not. Very Shocking, LSD. SO LET'S MAKE IT THE NXT TOPIC RE
you should've taken my to go order. Where were you
But I'm good :) dead and gone
My pride be the reason for ending so many things in my life
absolutely agree 100%
not wearing a bra after working 9 hours. its a sense of freedom that's life changing. also taking off thong u have worn longer than 4 hrs.
Star Wars Day, Black Widow, Joss Whedon Loki & Thanos are all trending did I die & go to heaven?
I hope man up tomorrow and play
thanks. I like it too;)
Safety in the spotlight during Bike Month - KSBY San Luis Obispo News
& kind of hungry to ..
From SLA's latest execubook summary: "leading with purpose and being of service to others" = the perfect description of an SLA leader!
Have finally caved and admitted that Twitter isn't going anywhere any time soon.
Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts to which indeed you were called in one body and be thankful.
check out Derulo's "It Girl"
Raven down! Happy April 1st
You have been tweeting so much!
Ugh, no cell coverage for me yesterday! Great to see the Buccos get a 3-2 win!
bout to go to sleep u?
What funny way should i get deleted by jeremy sherman?
LOVE MY FANS AND ALL UR MESSAGES!!!!!
This cake has to much icing
pfft. give him 2 optional weeks in december, he can run a sidewhow & see who shows up. give the spring week back to hamburg.
Ohh, where do you work?
got the L it dont matter tho we got ya next time
has the funniest videos on youtube.
Yes! This is a corporate space. How do we feed them with out morsels of intellect and revolution?
beat in madden tonight! jusssayin :)
Anybody have skype on here? Time to add some new peeps.
The should call Kids in Motion, Dads looking at electronic devices...ok phone in pocket.
I know ur email I need u to email me ur address :P PS > YOU ARE NOT OLD
I had a dream that and were at my house for a party. Dreams are so much cooler than reality.
the trio Pilc Moutin is in Europe & available Feb 13-14-15. anyone interested in a concert, masterclass etc.?
american tv doesn't GET tennis. they don't see it as sport, can't expect them to give time to trophy ceremony. pfft.
Getting ready to go camping ! Finally a break !
Obama clowning the heckler is fucking great
we're getting crunk in boystown, how abt u?
Follow me back? I vote for ya'll all the time :D♥
When u choose to b pleasant & positive in the way u treat others, u have also chosen, in most cases, how u are going to b treated by others.
My little couson truly believes that "that Cody Simpson kid" is my boyfriend. I love her.
I'm working on a theme song for the movie Hunger Games, but if it had been made in the 1980s.
The hunger games premiere t minus 2 hours & 18 minutes!! :)
the rules only apply in employment situations--chores don't count & neither do Ed programs--unless they earn wages.
BYX dodgeball tonight! Hope to see everyone there!
you try so hard to be fair you actually hate and try to bring down uk! Congrats!
Tune in to right now with
Just bought tix for Red Hot Chili Peppers in November. First timer, cheers to that
Do you remember what you wanted me to do while you were away? ;) x
love, love, love CJ's. It's gorgeous!
I love #hunterxhunter. Every1 has to stay till end - Now noone can interfere with killua. Alluka's power is also so interesting
Havnt tweeted in forever
I feel like having a 1D flashmod.
Just learned that Kate Beckinsale will be in Total Recall. That should help offset Colin Farrell who already messed up Miami Vice.
thaz right. if I hear the words HARRY, ZAYN, NIALL, LIAM, LOUIS, ONE, DIRECTION, UK, OR IRELAND I will hear you from a mile away.
Travel with ease, rent a car. Carry a load, rent a truck. We have all the latest models. Rent a car or truck from us.
members: You can pick up your free DVD at their booth , just flash your member card.
Dear media distribution companies: who's going to be the first to fully utilize advanced pricing & ad structures possible with digital?
I just the ultimate - texting and bike riding - something drastically wrong.
": “: Dear girls, Most of you only like guys for their looks, not their personality, thats why you get played. #Amen" o.
test tweet
I'll b there!
8 mile #eminem 😍
Libraries must face outrageous ebook price hikes with a scowl like Clint Eastwood in Josey Wales. Grit yer teeth, spit in the wind, growl
Was reading a 33-yr-old review of Bowie live in 1978. It referred to him as an "old rock'n'roller." He was 31. Talk about "Changes".
I hope everyone in #WI is out on a #Beer garden enjoying thus weather and a
I dont have that number nomore ..
you working?
omg, what happened to all of them wtf?
I hereby declare myself the World Champion Hutt-Puncher in
Chris Davis gets through 16th as J.J. Hardy guns down winning run at the plate...
. this is interesting coming from a person of no faith. You would not understand because you have no faith
Baseball doesn't exist until NHL playoffs end. RT : You know your baseball team sucks when you're relieved they have a day off.
If you know you fucked her right., you wouldn't be asking...
You also need to do things to preserve your connection and love on a daily basis
I shouldn't have to ask for a follow back. I don't do that.
did you plug it into a computer with iTunes that was logged in as a different user? If so, you may have to delete / recopy apps
No, but I had the Riot Grrrl Online website up and running for a long time. You can still see the oldest website up.
and i bet if beliebers trended something about their fucking "mother monster" they'd be like you guys are bullies, you guys are jealous etc
what can you do when it's so cold/snowy outside? Boot Camp nice n warm inside on sat?!! would love to have you!!
& there's prbly no grandmas to fight over slots w/down there so we got that going 4 us lol
This is more interesting than the actual game
Yr interview made me want to read it again.
Headed to for this morning's shoot! Tune in at 7:30!
If we could change ourselves, the tendencies in the world would also change
yo you think tha knicks will be betta next year wit that lil bit extra money they got?
#cil11 discussing the Scan Jose project using #AR to develop local history walking tours for San Jose
A friend from Waunakee is throwing out 1st pitch tonite-cheer her Connie!
me :D
Dang! good goal... but just out of time. ) : Next period! Go RedWings!
cool, im not One of those crazy Fans. Im a realist but love My Vols n give credit to other teams when due
pretty girls i love em
I'm not a laker fan but I know they're better than denver
uhm HOW, if I can barely speak ? -___-
ProSelect Wall Gallery Templates | from:
so tried today :-(
Green Bay is on a road too Dallas
Packing...headed back to the ATL tomorrow
at 7?? the movie starts at 7. i thought we were gonna walk arounf first hahaha
Congrats on your horse trailer success. Were you able to drive it in reverse?
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil someone throws up lime the girl from the exorcist
you should be able to smell it already since they went with Traitor Thome.
New Man Rule: Thou Shalt Not Invite Thou Girlfriend To Any Guy's Night Activities For Thy Arguing Is Really Blowing My Buzz.....
Enjoying some coffee and writing time before heading to ballet! When class is over fam will be here!! :)
oh m..I wanna be five.
(that he was being released, that is) Thanks for posting.
awww haha that's so sweet! we were a bit higher up, but we had a perfect view of the whole rink, so it was pretty good!
hahaha"mm girl is love to take you out on a date" me"that's embarrassing." LOL❌
that pictures sweet!! thanks Haile! so good to see you last night, thanks so much for coming out:)
Review: Subaru’s New Impreza Is the Hipster Corolla
Sometimes we let our feelings get the best of us...and sometimes our feelings make whats best for us..
But sometimes you need an adverb for flair or rhythm.
Spurs/Clippers, Thunder/Lakers, and Celtics/Sixers all have back 2 backs in second round. Heat/Pacers don't! It's so obvious the NBA like em
HAPPY 16th BIRTHDAY to my cousin !!!! see you at the show tomorrow!!!
": Kim Jong-Il's biography claimed that him and his father created the world and controlled the weather." This explains a lot.
I may stay in Rhode Island and never come back!
If only gas was cheap
Maybe that is an opportunity for the beer drive-through places re: lack of drive-through pizza places.
#brands are you local and proud or nationwide and stubborn?
RT : Local leaders need understand importance of digital #econdev & create strategies to be innovative communities
Mia Joy Candles Loves your show!!
Who has Instagram? I'll follow ya!
The will be hosting an info session about summer internships in Sydney TODAY 4 pm SSB 3.107.
By the by, if you're coming to Glendale Days tonight, fireworks start around 9:30p. It should be a beautiful night!
thank you, and i just sent a request to join
-- which is the more hostile environment..Assembly hall or China (Georgetown fight)?
Why does the grocery store even sell grapes that have seeds in them?!
#IamAStanBecause His songs can make you cry, take you by surprise at the same time an make you dry your eyes with the same line
Craving lobster pizza
dude, if like, the whole cccollab crew followed me, i'd definatley feel like a cool cat.
#comedy #school in new York city I plan to go to comedy school here in the city and get my professional head shot session and get booked
Watchin' CELEBRITY APPRENTICE
looking for attendants
haha i try to be. Twitter is where I get away from reality so I try not to tweet anything morbid or depressing as much as possibl
Ron artest gone get beat the fuck up when he get in Oklahoma
i think Sam needs to post this video. *hint hint, samuel*
I know image isn't everything. But being good-looking just makes life so much easier....
Man shit will never change
sorry, we need someone in-house. Thanks anyway.
NEVER BE AFRAID TO TAKE UR MUSIC TO THE NEXT STEP
Come on wade... We need u to close
That's awesome XD, I've subscribed to the list :) thanks again!
de more demerrier - love it :)
because you butted into my convo lol
Excuse me! Cokie Roberts says "Rosen and Maher's comments (Democrats)" is likened to the "elite" that Dems are out of touch...what?!!!
Fucking hate my life
I had no clue what the "golden ratio" (a.k.a. Fibonacci sequence) was until tonight. Some of Da Vinci's paintings adhere to it...amazing!
Can't wait to hear her speak! RT : RT : Just chatted with back stage at #HRFL11!
gotta go work out see ya'll later.
Just learned what happens when you take a NyQuil & still can't sleep 2 hrs later: you eat 2 huge boxes of fruit-by-the-foot & gushers.
I hear rumbling comin from da sky, but ion see nun!
Meeting with Watering Seeds founder about benefit event during NBA All-Star weekend in Dallas
You have it backwards. This is Godel's incompleteness theorem. In order to have a debate you need to be clear that everybody
Get your dose of Divine Intervention TODAY!!
I like the twitter profile pic bro! It's gonna be fun anchoring the desk together next semester!
but try to hurry im in the library
What would you do? If the spot lite was on you? Nothing to prove..but you love what you do so much! It feels like nothing to you!
Just had a drink next to James Franko at a random bar. #Sundance is in full effect.
What's so amazing about my hair? o':
The Springpad offices are only like a block away!! I go there pretty much every morning. :)
haha I wish I owned the lake. We several ponds and live like 10 mins feom the lake but we dont own it haha
If rockies can get beltran for less than 3 years why can't the giants pony up for same deal?
wow! great stuff! thanks for introducing me!
I'll see you guys soon
Next, lamb, braised parsnips, Brussels sprouts, and onions, and roasted peewee potatoes. With a glass of Copain Pinot Noir.
There's a good turnout for the 's Rethinking Cities panel. Good to know there are other urban policy nerds in
Mind you this isn't my works meeting it's the company we share common space with
Now watching
shut up girl behind me =)
And...that was one of the strangest dr appointments I've ever been to.
Anyone tried Starbucks coffee from the new Clover machines?
How about a tour stop in Minneapolis?
and you Nev
hope you're having a great night, ty for the follow.
What Has Music Come Down To These Days...I Just Got 1 Question? Rick Ross TF Was U Thinkin-#MMG Tweet
I feel terrible for Jordan, but Shelly did have a good point. You don't want to end up in the final three with JJ.
ahh so exciting!! Good luck!
I follow now. She tells me what to eat :P
We're looking for a dermatologist for the 6:30 news. Do you know anyone? Send me an email
“: So. Freakin' hott.” what a nice compliment! Thats what I needed to get through my day...o...wait ur talking about weather :/
it's so annoying. Like its 7:30 I don't need to here your fucking noises. Lol
please follow me!!!(:
Then I read this & nothing else ever mattered: “New York, New York” sing-along in Central Pk Fri. nite at opening ceremony!!
It feels like a Good Friday ... be blessed!!
Listening to the Beastie Boys channel on Pandora
there's a newish brewery in an old church that's pretty cool. Brewery Vivant, I think.
Congrats - HS/HSL's new Mayor!
I wish it was OGT week every week
was reading a history of art forum. piles of interviews, can't remember which writer mentioned it.
What's good Tweeoples!!! We are up, at it & active. #iloveVegas it's like Red Bull, it
Stop throwing yourself at guys, seriously that shits not cute.
It took so long at the bank for the lady in the office to help me. Then, once I was in there, the lady told me I needed more ID. TWO HOURS.
Mitt Romneys 844 veto's show him to be very conservative as Gov
Happy new years eve ! Hope everyone has a fun but SAFE night. (:
Teaching CS: Grob: teach database search skills b4 students start project, but show them real stuff once they actually get started
and your in michigan. gotta support anything thats in the mitten (usually)
look who's talkin:)
#KG Looks absolutely ferocious on D tonight
Wife: Darling, do you think I'll lose my looks as I get older You: With luck, yes
Need support on your Superhug theme? Use the comment area underneath the #design and the #designer can respond directly. Simple!
calling yourself for Tech help lol
It's empty in the valley of your heart The sun, it rises slowly as you walk Away from all the fears And all the faults you've left behind.
Espn is running a #NFLanyEra team.. Pat Willis is today's feature.. No doubt he could play in ANY generation!
why does it always take management so long to realize these guys are terrible? anderson, loretta, sweeney, kennedy etc
I think I saw you walking on Scofield yesterday w/ West on my way to work.
I would be honored if you visited my little sister's new site www.alkohlmannimagery.com. She is, in my opinion, wicked talented!
this is what i say in my head to justin bieber everyday: please dont be in love with sme1 else, please dont have somebody waiting on you!!!!
my phones broken, facebook messenger?
hee hee ~ Abri's def a hottie. then u go 2 work with more male hotness. I'm starting 2 see acting kicks writing's ass!
sure. But just this once.
nope, just watch for meetings!
Yes. Point is when Rs, i.e. Newt and Santorum, paint welfare recipients as only black and urban, it's inaccurate and misleading.
lmao! Go 4 it! We do nd more of them 4 sure! That's what cracks me up, they're so blind to see they're losing voters ;)
We can't wait to see you for Orange Crushes and Oysters next weekend!
rain makes me very sleepy
I should have known you were a journalist. Your "impartial" attitude was totally obvious. Do you write for the Hamas Daily?
Stand with anybody that stands right. Stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong. #quote from Lincoln
Haha, yes! RT all you need in life is a good strong pot of coffee. and a really good, strong man to bring it to you.
Cool. When I saw the headline I thought it was saying grandmothers make their kids fat. I was like "duh."
your materials sound like our materials, no surprise there I guess!
shampoo spray? They make shampoo in a spray?
please remove me from your list
I imagine your towns gas n' sips ran out of Skoal that night.
Got out of icy Seattle to get to ALA midwinter in Dallas. Getting inspired.
Thanks for the RT! :) Nice little infographic.
Thanks for the follow! We love Pin Heads!
watching Salt. (: <3
Watch how we vote out a Tyrannt
Don't normally tweet about sweets, but do visit French Market for macaroons! Today & tomorrow.
MUCH LOVE TO MEL KEEP DOIN YA THING WE DOIN IT LIKE THAT AUG... WE COMIN BACK....
omg almost took a picture of my house.. (:
go Badgers!
Add me on facebook
Your description of Decorah's location made me laugh out loud. It's spot on.
making carnita's tacos for my daughter tomorrow as we are celebrating her 40th..oh my am i old - birthday.
Reality is sometimes bad, very bad Youtube caving into Iran? It is only through truth, even though unpleasant that the (via )
Stanley Jordan's Friends CD is jam packed with great musicians. You simply have to add this CD to your jazz collection.
haha I'm just kidding. Hopefully a snowboarding trip?
Spot between the playground and the sewage system-Is it the gooch or the taint?
awesome article. Information and access are the next great resource
Santa just arrived in a helicopter in 1950s Cleveland!
Everyday my circle gets tighter and tighter
Fill in the blanks: If I get to win the iPad, I would ________. =)
blsck ppl think if you say the persons first name twice youll remember them "you know kaya kaya!" "who" "kaya Kaya girl" lol
How come ’s house never smiles? Maybe he hates
Pack game?? There's candy... RT : If you are looking for me tonight, I will be sitting on the birthing ball eating spicy food
Packer nation owns this draft!": So, Packers' compensatory picks are: Nos. 133, 134, 241 and 243 overall.”
Just seeing who's paying attention LOL
ur retarded! he looks better now
haha I don't have a fav!! Im in love with all of them!! #BELIEVE is coming soon
Amen from Nerk! RT I need a Tractor Supply store... Everyday.
yuppers. I think I'll listen to that now, actually.
…when we last left off, Mulder had a headache and Scully was coming to terms with some trust issues. #XFiles start of Season 7.
Loved the Quality Social piece. We looked great together on camera!
Pop Quiz : What is the longest-lived, continuous production automotive nameplate? # Chevrolet
really? Golf to me will always be Golf, slow, quiet and meant to be summed up on a highlight real
Just a few more scenes of this "short" movie to go. It has truly been an adventure. Lots of great on-set stories...some might never be told!
Sleepy. Long day of a fun and insightful workshop. May have to go hit up the hot tub soon:)
university of Toledo! The glass city!
Sharon&#39;s Priscilla Buckley recalled by many
I'm a fan of right out of the fridge :D
Look at the upside and the downside of the mindset that is keeping you stuck.
RIP Donna Summer
hm... mighta been suspect!
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
app to the rescue... and in #Austin next week!
I love the new clothes I got! 💗
The Great Good Workplace -- Wednesday noon with, among others, Eliot ; what makes a great shop?
i would be so happy if some how we could get the #MISSREDANDBLACKPAGEANT trending.
Stoned like a biblical whore
NO. Sike yea for a min.
is a wonderful way to chase the sleepies away! come see us at #fireflycupcakes and have a cup'a!
Getting my prom dress made was a good decision, I have seen too many of the same dresses
I wanna skip tomorrow but I got a game..
Ha, yes! Disqualified for an unfair advantage. Have you seen the new NCE office? Book eye candy.
I feel so behind on Pacific Standard Time.
It's a process, right? I think that if we're living life right, we spend our lives figuring that out over and over again.
good afternoon wonderfully blessed people! how is everyone doing?
Hi I love you.im a big fan of you and im 11 when i was 5 years old i have had a crush on you and i still do
Happiness includes chiefly the idea of satisfaction after full honest effort. No one can possibly be satisfied and no one can be
I remember when the M in MTV stood for Music, and not Maternity.
Power to the PACT rats at #afs11!
I would just like to tell you how much I love you. Your tweets make my life <3
"block on fire" Juvinile
anything good left at the #nyc sample sale?
shit chillin bout to go to lunch
Will you guys follow us back its appreciated
Wondering.. RT “: Guys say they have a bettor who won $15,000 on a $200 1st safety score bet (75/1)”
Year to date Las Vegas Firefighters have responded to 3700 more emergency incidents this year than last year.
Liz i need that movie yo
Too bad the #Giants don't have a top-tier quarterback.
Knead Dough? - My copywriters' gem for this week. It is a title for bakery jobs advertising post.
lol why would u set Me up lol
It's actually "Happiness is Lubbock TX in my rear view mirror" From TX so can't besmirch whole state
great job on the panel today!
not only does he use an iPad he uses the #cloud to bring 3 church's together live and streams videos in about kids who need help
Saw a Chinese baby and a black kid wave at each other today. Gives me hope for the future. Or another Rush Hour movie.
smart move on your part
smack my haters and make em cry
recently stared at that on a crankily long ride up the J train, wondering why Google thinks its users heads are so small.
Stagecoach succeeds by promoting from within
Mggfdfhhbdrg I hate I'm never texting you back
RT : So looking forward to later this week -- eh, I mean catching up with !!
5.0 percent of men and 23 percent of women experienced both types of abuse, physical and sexual
lmfao I'm away from keyboard, bbm me x
Tampa won. Lets go #O's!!! I'm only doing this for my extreme dislike for the #Sox! Go
When you are struck by pangs of nostalgia every time you log in, it's probably time to change your password.
We are open Sundays! It's a beautiful day to shop local.
all the folks tweeting about being on their way to #ncph2012 are making me misty..living vicariously through their tweets.
Tyler Kindron, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
Follow The Money panel presented by 4A's kicking off with Havas, Phone Valley American Express, GE and Skyrockit.
happy birthday ! will be up in NYC at the end of the month, hopefully we can actually catch up then ;) have a gr8 day!
yo those pics came out dope
Pity the same can't be said for the rest of us.
OMG I HATE YOU
One of those days when I listen to Psanders all day . (;
Anyone want to go to Meet the Breeds with me on Saturday? Your role? Keep me from coming home with a great dane.
me a second and I will send u the details via DM :) and your welcome!
You can walk until your feet get sore and bet you walk back to me.
Words can't describe how much I hate the Utes....
Heading to #mlanet12 three weeks from today. Wonder if I'll manage to get everything done that needs doing.
Check out this month's review of and in the October issue of - on newsstands next week!
Half day:)
Loyal followers, our site is temporarily down and or having major issues. Yinz guys crashed it today! It will be back asap.
"V" is the hotkey for "preview", which plays a cue immediately without the pre-wait.
Take another look - Remember that in a race everyone runs, but only one person gets the prize. You also must run in such a way that you...
YOU HAVE TO HEAR AUSTINS NEW SONG YOU WILL LOOSE YOUR OVARIES.
nigga follow me :) hold up let me be nicer Will you please follow me Bailey?
1005 reserved for you Jay.
grading-check. driveway shoveled- check. car out of snow plow drifts- check. airplanes- no check.
Don't do that to me -____-
About to go to the tatto parlor with and ✌
Our market is tomorrow from 3 pm - 8 pm! :) Everyone come enjoy the market! Stock up on organic fruits and vegetables from local farmers!
Looking forward to it. I'm going to revamp mine as well. It's time.
lonely was the song I sang... till the day you came...LOVE JOHN MAYER
Latin Dance is a great way to be #hearthealthy. We will be dancing in the hospital cafeteria for #WearRedDay!
Marc Freedman: Patricia Smith, Solicitor of Labor, is someone employers should keep an eye on.
good! i'm getting hungry!
": What's everyone doin with the leftovah holiday rage?" Sleep ..need sleep...
Spotify has the most obnoxious ads I've heard in a while. Just makes me want to try other services. Freemium fail.
A little bitter about this game. Come on Packers!!!!
Thank you for your devotion to the stage and screen, how do you do it? Incredible!
If I ever get married I'm going to cheat on my wife with our German maid because it's understandable because it's hilarious
I'm cool tho I just want my kids to enjoy they grandma before we move I'm dine trying g to help ppl
its ok i like saints row 3 though i play when i have nothing to do
The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer
The DK MRAs put on an excellent retreat today for the staff! Many thanks to Lauren, Jake & Nicole! Kudos to all of DK for being awesome!
I live in Raleigh NC.
Lots of excitement in the office as the delivery man brings a gaggle of iPads.
really loving the conference #iin fall
RT : ESPN Insider subscription canceled.
& those people hating on you are doing what they're sayin is wrong. Hating on someone else? Then why are they hating on you?
Oh good. The hockey mask look works best accessorized with a machete, and we all know how that can go.
Nine minutes to go.
oh well im just glad my RNG is staying
How is everyone doing! Ready to come in for our $5 Greek Cheeseburgers at 11am!?
Thanks! RT : you need to get some green chile in ya. Try
bitterness will get you nowhere.
Just leaving now. Had to talk to Dunda before I left. Will be back soon.
Starting tomorrow! All of our tacos for just $1 each? Yeap. If you are coming to #sxsw12 you want to get cardcase. Get the app!
one nuck to another: would love to help out w the films. Dm!
c'Mon...I could look up some tickets.
It's a beautiful thing.
i got a copy of ur cd on amazon checking out the ave- it is FIRE! i like the old school style- wish rap was still that way
LIstening to some Ben Monder guitar on Aaron Irwin's "Blood and Thunder" from 2008. A tasteful player. Betterin' listenin' to Joe Buck!.
Thanks forr the follow! :)
I really might be calling on u. Mother of goddess. But I do have 2 give props 2 &
#cil11 Facebook as a solution for integrating library's social media sites: YouTube, goodreads, customized apps, iLike
i voted for over 50 times but i sont thinks i will get a followback....ohh well guess ill keep voting:) please follow back:)
lmao smoke a bowl with the leperchan when you find the half dro, half gold pot at the end of the rainbow:)
pulling an all nighter for my springfield trip tomorrow...gotta b there at 5 30
are you guys doing any promoting at shows this summer?
Its freaking weekend I'm about to have me some fun
I really want to do a cover of On My Mind by Cody Simpson!♥
Your a snitch?
Thanks to Jody, I've sold some more copies of In the Mirror at the subway. I can't thank them enough for their support.
All night shoot in Old Town. See you at sunrise.
Don't you dare! (RT) "Trying to bring back 'kewl.'"
Needed:old crappy furniture, side tables, benches, dressers etc. Anyone have any spots in or around #ATX with decent prices??
Me: fuuuuuck grad school. : yes.
Thanks to my new followers #BizInvesting and
doing any parties in Miami March 23-25?
He should get help but clearly doesn't want to
wait when?
I didn't even tell my mom about the other scholarship ugh it upsets me so much now, I would've been happier if I hadn't thought about it
If I go on a date & its bad, Im just gonna stand up and say "Im an actor, theyre all actors, & ur on MTV's disaster date!". Then, run out.
#RETWEET #YOUTUBE AFFICIAL GORILLA POSSE #SUBSCRIBE TO OUR
OK do NOT post a pic of your new flip flops if your feet are UGLY!!!!!!!!!!
Guess who'll both be at MuseumNext - US! : ) Must get some time in together. Also have to get more quality time!
Happy Friday Everyone!
Wow... I haven't been to Hollister in years
Powerhouse Rebels (:
How goes the writing? <nudge>
Woot!! Another win for the BULLS!
Yes ik I'm cute
Why would you wanna be married to me for anyhow? So i can kiss you anytime i want!
That is a bummer!
You call 65 thousand nerds you've never met alone???
please no baseball wives not interested
#Merry Christmas Everyone! :o)
Today-the 14th buy any full-priced espresso beverage before 11am, bring back your receipt after 2pm same day & get 1/2 off any espresso!
Which item?
Im going to see a play in all ASL. I with you could go!! It's gonna be really cool to watch!!
Ladies get a Blow Out, Flat Iron or Curl for Only $30
Im Pissed . But Im Not Going To Let These Bitches Ruin My Day =) .
How'd I miss all those points to start the 2nd half?!? Was watching the end of MSU/Illini. Who's got the hot hand?
WHAT THE FUCK MAN
Happy Birthday Man! Have a Great Day! You Rock!
So glad to hear about the good customer service at the new N. Clark store! Thank you for the feedback. Much appreciated.
I didn't even know we had a Twitter acct! Love ut!!
Do what you can do and then let God do the rest!
Agh , I'm done dealing with his ugly ass >:|
Getting my morning dose of funk with Wayman Tisdale "The Fonk Record" nasty hump back fonk!!! My favorite Album and player.
Ugh don't feel any better
Happy Thanksgiving!
"I am not afraid to keep on living, I am not afraid to walk this world alone"
Resolved bug with a video uploading to an Amazon AWS s3 bucket.
Sunday naps are the best! Now to our friends' casa for help in finishing off Erin's homemade chocolate birthday cake. Um, yum, yes!!
You mean Shittsburgh right?
RT : Calling all males age 30-60! PROMISED LAND is looking for extras with full availability May 23- 25.
nice! i went to a game the weekend of the husky/husker game but other than that i haven't been in years
And I'm really sick of everyones pissing and moaning. I bust my ass and spend money I don't have to take care of certain ppl but they just
awesome - thanks! We want to show our support & solidarity from across the country
MY LAST RT. LMFAO YOU GUYS LOL READ IT.
why wouldn't you drive???
Our album order has been placed stay tuned for a release! There will also be a pre order with extra stuff
If the Heat lose this... I am done with twitter for the night.
Are you a DC wino? Write a guest post for the #DCwineweek blog! Email us with your idea at
Looking forward to this coming week. DM or contact via email to meet up at the event!
Everyone has an opportunity to be great because everyone has an opportunity to serve. – Martin Luther King Jr.
yes nice knowing you.
you are there?(:
Congrats! I guess I have to root for the Lions now
MOM ALWAYS SAID, don't trust these hoes.
Keep on speaking the truth man! You are saying what needs to be said! Don't let anyone tell you different.
Nice to see you tonight!! We'll see you tomorrow @ your place!! We're going to make Josh WORK! :)
SNOW!?!?! I love how everyone's freaking out. IT"S FEB 10TH!!!
Dear God, Ryan Braun is trying to catch Matt Kemp's home run total tonight.
ohh ya dont think robert is ready to be a granddad
I cant wait to ! Rooting for to take the belt & to move in for the rematch. Bader is gonna rok!
I love connor
I really mean shit if I RT with 3+ exclamation points (!!!!!!!!)
24 hours later and I'm still sneezing out charcoal
appreciate what you said this morning on Today show, esp. about "political correctness" and beauty. Good insights on Suleman.
so... who is bangmesilly...really? undercover shark??
Unicorns are majestic. And is amazballs.
Thanks for the RT and sharing 's story!
I don't think I'll ever forget that wedge on the 18th. Fantastic win and unbelievable shot!
Would love to interview you for NBC Life Goes Strong !
I hated that guy. Bananie is being diplomatic. He was a wimp!
Glad you agree :)
You must know the rules of editing to brake them, but def brake them. Try finding video that matches music instead of the other way around.
Double D in the house!
How about Worthy or Konz in the second round?
That would definitely be a good day to have a sub. Daisy misses the kid though. Hey, I think it's take your dog to school day! :D
Jamie Moyer is not old.
#immadbecause I lost all my videos and photos on my external WD hard drive. Fail WD! $1700 data recovery and no guarantee
Happy Mother's Day to all from IOTA Solutions. Here's to all that you do. ;)
wokeup, kinda upset.
One can be the master of what one does, but never of what one feels. - Gustave Flaubert
typical of a Scottish ale. Is it good? Whats the occasion
about to go diggin' here in Brooklyn for a lil while..maybe even head into Manhattan depending on time & funds
Thanks for the RT, Edward. I keep hearing good things about Keep it up!
So here I go trying to make homemade bread. Lol this won't end well.
I'm doing good, was temp floor walking today, working on an animated video nao, how about yourself?
Look towards the future. Don't dwell in your past.
oh btw... was wondering if ur gonna post more pics of ur horses?
it's brutally garbage
Agreed. 4x in my life I visited an airline counter to purchase tickets. Every single one of them involved vouchers.
Remember one small change leads to one big accomplishment. Happy Valentines Day to All
Its okay to have fears, make mistakes, give up on some thing. If being what you are makes you happy, Just Be YOURSELF!
Having a sinus infection is worse than seeing someone with socks and sandels on.
We got your back Chris! Lot's of football left pal... you guys are the best fighters! This season aint even close to over!!!
it's super awkward when dozing off in a lecture and the prof says 'Tell' and I yell out 'What'.
;) when are you coming down man?
ask who's in charge of the internet department and if they would like to discuss a blog with me through you while your waiting :)
Thanks for the RT! I'm looking forward to pizza when Passover is over. You?
good meeting u!
You don't write contracts for the nice person sitting across from you; for the crazy cousin who takes over the project.
More from Birute Regine during ICFGR program - "vulnerability is a strength."
bummer - next time!
#UknowUfromthe90s are slip and slides still popular?
Can never sleep anymore. :/ may as well dance randomly! Rockin out with my dog.
thanks for the follow!
why is it ok to make teddy the loveable loser? He was a lion. Replace him w/ taft, or a guilded age president.
I just don't like Yo La Tengo. I'm sorry. I'M SORRY!
did you REALLY think Andy was gonna draft a LB in the first round?!
yea. Plus they run at Sports Academy in the mornings.
How is your Saturday going? Hope you're all having a good day!
was just saying that...agreed! “: Nice to see 59 make a couple of plays on Hawks first defensive series.”
Drury to avs? Just say yes...
I love going to be during storms. Anyone else? It's calming to me. -
Anyone on more platforms? EVE on PC, DUST on PS3, TemplarOne on Kindle and Trailers on TV - perhaps trading on mobile?
gotta disagree w you on this one fer... I'm very pleased w the Obama statement yesterday
The real trick is getting that majority to the polls.
Hit an 80 yr old man w my car as he walked across the strt He came to my window n punched me in the face I Had to get 10 stitches
no, twitter changed last week.. get with the program
Correction to last tweet...the popularity of this movie confuses me...the 80s were weird but Prince is still hot and the music is cool
Shouldn't Jess Cagle and be secret brothers...or something?
So husband asked me if I wanted sushi tonight. I'm like, DO YOU EVEN KNOW ME AT ALL???
Tuesday was the wrong day to wear my shirt, I could've worn it today to school .
Sorry I'll turn it down
Do you remember your favorite concert?
If you are a librarian from New Zealand, please introduce yourself to the group!
Leverage, leverage, leverage the mantra of business
- Wealth is the ability to fully experience life.
I have no idea but these niggas stressful
My heart is RSVP, and I'll extend you an invitation.
am not much of a vintage movie person, but suddenly, my mind is drawn back to some fabulous movies back in time.
My cousin the only guy insists on farting right next to me!
I knew I would get someone all riled up! Hahaha....
way more.
Heart is heavy today.
Do you want to develop into a professional Photographer? | Hobbies ...
Massage city
Sweet sounds of summer in #Michigan: Mourning dove in the evening. Has to be one of my top-three favorites. What's yours?
Appreciate the follow :-))
Hope everyone watching
lunch at with + + buck. so good
Excited for your stop at #Lilly today. Thanks for making my "day job" better with the anticipation of bacon marmalade.
Biscuit for you.
Can't do it today, but I'll be downtown early-ish before tonight.
I think we are always req'd to be respectful or else there is no progress in the fight for human rights.
RT smile for me daddy !
I MEANT SWEET ,LOL
hahaha... you can never have too many shoes...especially if they are on sale :)
Had a lot of fun playing and hangin out with the
It is extremely important during your job search to choose a positive attitude!!!
Many thanks! RT Happy #MM Authors
351: Portland is having one of the driest Decembers on record, & I am so grateful for the reprieve from rain & even a little sunshine!
Never take someone u love for granted. You never know when the last day u see them could be today
Ooh la la. 1985 Prieure-Lichine is tasting good on the deck tonight!
With less than 8 minutes before half, DePaul is looking strong. Demons lead the Devils in the 5th place game, 16-9.
Losing to the Astros is like losing to an inner city school
Listening to my dad sing <<<<<<
Forgot to take a picture, but I bottled a single hop Columbus ipa tonight. So you'll have to take my word. Why would anyone lie about that?
O'Malley's and Congress tonight! Come out! I might even let you buy me a Cherry Coke. ;)
Tomorrow Night #ThirstyThursdays official College Night! Beer Pong Tournament!
Do you stay in one place all the time, you know this 140 carts is a real deal braker, are you on FB? Have lot's more ?s
Bruce Harper RBI double
been busy! We need to work on more designs, i have a few crazy ideas i need to share with you!
a rolling stone gathers no moss
finals week finally fucking done
Happy Birthday!
Smh at american girls trying to copy my accent, big no no no
You just got retweeted by the Cincinnati library
Now It's Lights Out, Lights Out Like Roy.. Jones Jr. Traw The Ruler
hey u got tuenti ?
RT : crap! I missed it!! Puts "L" on forehead -- #loser. Steve, kick my ass t...
Hi Alison, please email your cover letter and resume to
I am great! How are you?
not sure, but I can relate... me and Flo, the chick in the Progressive commercials have had some REAL good times!
Know what’s tomorrow? Awesome info session about the Mifflin Street Block Party! When: 7pm in 1121 Humanities
Old man on desperate housewives is making me cry.
Funny how frying can have that effect on things. Oh, and we cannot forget the farmers for the lettuce. Thanks for sharing!
great to meet you too. It was wonderful to hear about your success. lmk when you may visit Portland.
Fried egg sandwich + Avocado + fresh veggies & banana = #QUICKCHEAPMEAL while recording.
See you there! just bought my ticket for New Year's in the Short North!!
Double Wide in Dallas tonight 10:00! Come party with us!
you should come to Boston soon! :)
BREAKING NEWS: Ex-Goldman op-ed writer Greg Smith to donate $1.5mil book & last 3 yrs of bonus+salary to US poverty reduction efforts.
is the pope catholic?
RT - Have another missed call from the Jaguars ticket office. They must be really excited I'm coming to Jacksonville for a game.
Not even sure why I have this Twitter.
Did you manage to keep a straight face? Lol
LOL Love our tandem road bike! That's so funny! I sit in front so I can stare at his assets
and why do people hate you?
i just woke up.
good for you, get back on the horse babe. What did ya write?
I look forward to sharing some tips on stereoscopic VFX. Because that will mean I'll finally know what the hell is going on here.
You know its not Rape if you like it bitch...
Help! Anyone out there been on an African safari? I'd love to know which travel company you used.
The Flips are playing next Friday!! @ Garibaldi with Davila 666! Come out and watch me rock!
RT :You love people with your eyes & ears. Focused attention & active listening is a healing gift you give to anyone.
Check out this pic that we just got of our buyer Lear hanging out with his buddy Ben from ESPN 103.3 before the Mavs game the other...
Prepping new Scalar build for weekend release!
we need to get a Healthy Life Snack Rack behind the bar here for our customers... Snacks + Booze = Perfect Combination.
ahaha alright? thanks :)
EVERY drink from 1-2am at Firehouse is poured as a double! Seriously. 1AMpowerHOUR! Who is gonna hate me tomorrow?!??
Congrats! What's your new beat?
I don't care.
Flight was a little late, but yes. I'm certainly in better shape than my laptop... :P Sad I missed today's drupalcon hijinks tho.
I got 5 roses and a Bear with a heart on it :) AWHH, Made my day<3
what it do fam
RT Geez, the DM spam on Twitter is what's going to drive people away from the service. [me-that & the clutter from the new rt ftr]
Got up extra early expecting call from Nobel Prize Committee. Wish I had slept in instead.
When all he wants is his lips pressed against yours. <3
cant wait to see ya tonight!
"anyone who tells you America is in decline..doesn't know what they're talking about!" got that, Newt?
In just a few hours I will have been on this earth for 2 decades.
Abram---what if the professor could see who actually read the textbook?
you just really bad luck!
Heading over to mom's armed with a pot of stuffed pepper soup and garlic bread with
I just had one of those moments where I completely forgot how to do anything.
get your shit, gotta go
Wish I could go back ☺😏
Dinner and a movie with my mommy and daddy!
My friends & are making it hard for me to follow them b/c of their private timelines! Must.Send.Follow.Request.
preparing Valentine's day program for Austin Tx: many kinds of love: romantic, for nature, for a city, for an instrument, for God?
I thought it sttarnge that 1) He was married to LMPressley? & 2) no mention on TMZ.
Ultimate respect.
You're welcome! Always delighted to showcase and share good, inspirational design
What do you do when you come up with the perfect acronym for something business related...and it's, shall we say, prurient & inappropriate?
Monarchies are so ridiculous. Europe needs to evolve already. MT : Prince Charles presents BBC weather forecast
Rehearsing with Ezra Buzzington on a new song from Josh Fardon's musical. See it this Tuesday at St. Nick's at 9pm. Free...
yes Better than u deal with it honey bun and just back of
check out the lastest mix...you will miss miami more!
So I'm falling again ;)
dont worry Eric Hosmer, Albert Pujols is having a dreadful season as well. O, dont forget about Mark Teixeira either
The Black Keys with
If you're interested in helping out for Pat's birthday surprise, shoot me an email, , or a DM and #letsdothis!
Me and Kooling Watching Little Giants
I actually haven't watched! I was nervous that it was a twilight knockoff. but now that I know you like it, I might give it a
I would have paid to see that lmao
Welcome to Twitter!
Life is goodlok
Gets a text.. .*Grabs Phone*. .*Reads Name*. ..*Lays phone back down without replying* ¯\(ツ)/¯
yes she did girl!!! It was a really good episode if she wasn't in it. She was doin WAY too much! Ugh! Girl just ignorant!
Wow enough with the bass jokes. Seriously, just drop it.
Contact us for school fundraising opportunities! RUN IT.
Last day of class tomorrow
Sugar is the devil! But I miss it! I will slay ye beast! #whole30 (having some gnarly cravings, can you tell?)
There's a post-CMMY's tweet, if I've ever seen one. Hope all is well. Have a good weekend. RT : This Egg McMuffin is glorious.
visit our webstore or contact us at and get one of our last 8 pairs!
MB trending :0
rock this bitch
Maybe My Wish will come True :)
- where is that?
thx for the follow - so happy #OneCapella made Capella feel more like a family :)
RT Is it just me or as The Frays guitar player just hitting wrong notes during the National Anthem ? #wow yeah I heard that too
Hello Jenny how are you? I like to get to know you so would you follow me back thanks Bobby Howard :-)
Lots of "Bring back Francona" chants at last night's dismal game.
I just keep starting at my followers lol
NOT TO MENTION, IF YOU NEED GRAPHICS, FLYERS, LOGOS, CAR-WRAPS, MIXTAPE COVERS, ETC.ETC. CONTACT ME...IF YOU HAVE ALREADY, I WILL GET BACK
haha i totally feel you! Same here
