Wish that was doing something! Just moved up here and don't see an active website/events :(
I can honestly say jessica your amazing and i love you oh soo very much .... We need to hang out in the summer.. kloveee youu Tyler J
Ah, the Grand Opening. Good times.
Josh Hamilton did not play on #Reds when they won the division in 2010.
Indian stocks to watch-May 11
The sabbath was made for man and there fore must give way to man's necessity.
Thank you. and I are glad you liked the book :-)
Well, here's another: There are 336 dimples on an American regulation golf ball. The British version = 330.
Thinking about all the things you've been through makes me know you will be okay. I love you !
: Typically early morning. Somewhere between night and sunrise. :)
I've been alive the whole time bb
Liam hemsworth is yummy. Nuff said.
i'm magic. I actually wasn't there at all.
scouts honor shanay o'connor
too nice to come back inside
Already loving the support I'm getting from , but I'm not at all surprised.
I'm ready for the 2012 One Shining Moment video
Thanks! We'll get together soon! I'm playin' Monday!
Kobe is a cold-blooded killer...gonna be a great game!
Just finished Generation Kill series and I enjoyed it. Hoo-rah!
"Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out."
i think it is wholly inappropriate that they sell 'love cuffs' in the toy section in cvs. thank you catholic womens college for this POV.
. Is that all trash that has already been collected by the bandalong, or was it filled for a photo op?
Just sent off the copyright form for my article...Publication processes are interesting...very mystical and otherworldly
the only thing that loves doing more than playing his violin for you is pretending he's Tom Cruise in Top Gun
Congrats on the big win today!
#DBoys using Trapstarz, Inc. are not #DBoys anymore they are #BusinessOwners now and the House and Rolls Royce Phantom is accounted for!
Watching Disney movies and eating pizza with Kayleigh. I'm so glad my best friend is so happy all the time now even when I'm not.<3
Don't forget - IEPPal introduction and training webinar tomorrow, September 7th, at 1:00pm Eastern - send us an email to register!
GSLIS Students, please join in for a lunchtime lecture by Melanie Kimball in P210 at noon. Bring your lunch and enjoy light refreshments!
Verstehe. You're in good company in that regard.
omg go audition!!!
I'm 1 for 1 on my new years resolution....to start peeing the bed. At someone elses house. Happy new year!
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. ~Winston Churchill~
so cute :)
Second night with Kenny Barron. Can't wait for the 10:00 set!
Im Rockin in my Rock Jeans
"My name's Paul,and that's between y'all.".
Pitino's trial starts 2day N Ville. Should B interesting what is brought out during the trail no bueno during recruiting period
ok the norm lol I thought u just went al out
BYE TALK TO YA LATER :)
Going back to basics with Aiden.. getting him some #Boardgames for his birthday.
About to start another weekend in KC. The team gets back this weekend time to grind. Players are made in the off season. I hope they r ready
Love that scene! Back in the good ol' days when AZ had a production incentive bill and Old Tuscon Studios was very active
mix going strong I can't wait for people to watch this one!
Respect is earned.
merry Christmas!!
I so fucking love your voice. What planet are you from?
how about quitting altogether?
I hate competition - more than anyone I know.
RT : Happy Friday. Support your local economy today. Shop at a local independent businesses. Make an effort.
lolol i know ;)
I'm so jealous, I got kicked out and can't get back in! All the cool kids are partying without me.
So I'm cleaning & not only found a HamburgerHelper box w/a "Best If Used By" date of 5/09, I also found my GB season tix postcard .. #76,813
Sarah I just fucking love you to pieces, okay? <3 xD
hey, am I going to see you guys at DML?
i did shoutout please
ah come on!! Give it up for the polar bears!
Can't wait to sniff all of you on June 22nd ;-)
. Thank you, Jan, for including my post in your Daily at ONE*Y. I appreciate the nod. ~ Dina
checking in to MARAC early, eh?
longest, hardest, weirdest, most tiring and emotional track meet there was...but it was by far the best :)
We opted for the family style fried chicken. My husband said it was like an angel made his dinner. Ahhhmazing
Have a great Friday tweeps
Can't wait to check out tonight for the first time.
do you miss Chicago'?
Harvard makes me vomit RT : Switching this article I'm revising from MLA format to Chicago to APA to Harvard JUST FOR FUN
Why did justice Scalia reprise Dana Carvey "choppin broccoli" routine as a basis for deciding the fate of our health care????
I'm at a public liberal arts college in WNY--what are your requirements for a Prince conf? VERY SERIOUS.
I like the concept, been following the inventor on twitter, but implementation seems kinda complicated.
Sat at an Indian. All I can smell is curry. Can't order. Need to wait!
ya okay
Merry Christmas
WINNER! RT Apparently for antonio cromartie it's having babies. “RT: What's your most ridiculous sports superstition?
Alas although didn't make it to NY to see FELA! this weekend I am going to see Kankouran tonight at Dance Place.
thanks Kevin! I got a membership so I have no excuse now lol
YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE THATS THE MOTTO NIGGA YOLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
“: Friday or Saturday night?”. GEMINI is playing Saturday night at Carey's Tavern in Westfield @ 10pm.
yo the link won't work?
same reason we "need ID to get ID"??
Scrum moves forward, turns, pen, 12 trees kicks to touch
Coffee and a cigarette .. ahh . Goodmorning !!
UR out of your mind putting Miller at 20. Easy top 10... maybe even top 5. Great sight lines, close to downtown and the food!
And Portugal the man is apparently terrible.
Two weeks most likely.
Seriously, it's about to be food coma in a few min.
From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.
Hey #library folks: is it weird to attend the pre-conference and NOT go to ? Don't know if I can manage both.
Okay let me get started on drawing this Logo so i can get to designing!
Anyone want to join me for the Seattle Rain Festival? It's from January 1st until December 31st.
I think your twitter account has been hacked. I got a "funny picture" message from you.
Oregon SoS office says that the only way business registration laws are enforced are thru B or civil legal action.
Great meeting you last night! Thanks again for attending #wtw2012 and being a great role model to young women!
My Religion is simple; My Religion is kindness ~ Dalai Lama
&& what the fuck you know about bein' in danger?
lucky. I got a bag of rocks on my news desk.
just watched the Dex finale last night... I was on the edge of my seat!! and the end!!! ah!!!
RT A #Leo cannot be tamed.
If auths, eds, and pubs cant make a living off of books, THAT will stop the flow of info, not the "high" cost of ebooks.
It's hard to forget those that give you so much to remember.
Is it just me... or do I smell Santa...
Maisie and Opal. Can't wait for Spring.
Seriously?Sent it out like 2 weeks later, I think. Email your address to and I'll send another one
And... your looking at me!! lol nah, i wish!
About to see Coalesce.
Just got my boots!!! :)
RT : The journey from bitterness to forgiveness helps us build muscle to take the journey from forgiveness to trust.
Can't wait for tonight!
February Housing Scorecard Details Fragility of Market
you gotta come grab it yourself, I couldn't get pat his application either
Time for an eye appointment. Woo!
I'm terrible with filler words too! Practice on Twitter: the character limitation can actually help you become more concise!
Awesome, thanks for the suggestion! (Now I need to go see the movie again.)
R. I. P. Aunt Jane
I can wait longer
My personality is who I am, my attitude depends on who you are.
i Love you Julian <3!
Its back... #DmvShod New Mobile App #Download Now FREE Go to ur Android Market and search DMV-SHOD
yea that year was fun
its not unknown I already knew that(:
lol that akward moment when somebody i.m you and you look and say oo there go his/her stalking ass
Thanks for the follow <3 xoxo
Anyone got opinions on the Nokia N79, Casio Exilim or SE 903a? Please help me pick a #phone! Should keep #lib love of tech in mind I suppose
what's up kid killin it in my charger lol
you and good friends now?
Hey Mo, when're we going to talk about that animated series?
ugh... stuck at my mom's work while she's at a meeting.... so so so bored!!!! =P
Just loaded Hootsuite to the Droid. Any tips?
OFFICIALLY A COLLEGE SOPHOMORE!
My homegirl is on her way here!
Sounds good. Our next session is 2/18. send me email to
It's URCAD, one of the most exciting days of the year !
I love my bus driver! He bought everybody on the bus a $5 gift card! That's like $500 for everybody!gunna go buy a hobo a cheeseburger now!!
Can't wait for my #pureromance party with on Saturday!! Get ready :-)
RT : If you wanna be trusted, be honest. 👌
maybe just a little thing;)
would love to hear do a cover of "ain't now but it's gonna be"
I enjoyed watching you as a player and listening to you announce games. what has been ur biggest adjustment to being a coach?
Lmaoo Dang, you caught me up.
is that your boo ⛄
Oh man. On a tour bus. Dude from opening band is trying so hard. World is insane.
nuthan hit my phone.
In an old Chicago meat plant, greens and fish grow
Today is Cyber Monday. But just barely until we have cyborgs and the super internet. Until then enjoy semi-cyber monday.
hahah I don't make sense!
is sitting at a keyboard in front of a screen, smiling at the dirt under his nails.
Today is a nice day for tanning .
FLKING U NOT CING JOE JONAS
I would love for someone to make a street team of me soon! :)
I'm at the north end of Broadway.
it a man game woman...LOL
best afternoon #pandora station #empireofthesun #happyfriday!
maybe we should go into the baking business
following the feed from the #mRec event. Interesting stuff!
I think Troy Mcclure needs more bubble gum b/c I doubt he can kick anyone's ass.
Oh man, AGREED!!! RT : i can deal with "no" just fine. the blow off infuriates me to no end.
I think it's pretty unfair how Santa gives the more expensive presents to the wealthier kids.
rat is following me on twitter. LOL.
So long
just paying rent on time and keeping the lights on haha
I know, right? It certainly has a profound effect, esp if social or physical dev is "behind" intellectual
5 years? Wow. I need some of that mojo.
I had a dream last night that birthday was 2 days ago & I forgot to tell her.. I felt soo bad! Haha
Being alive may not be a choice.
i want to go sky diveing ^.^
welcome to the family!! we're excited to be working with you :)
Never that, son! RT : CHELSEA>Barcelona
Thanks for sharing. It was a crazy fight
Dang it, I've been without a phone for like 2 days and my life already blows!!!
Yes . First time bitch !
I did end up setting my fuzzyfinder to semi-colon, though — which has made opening up files extremely fast.
The hashtag for Lifestyle Pavilion tweets it #BJALP Get your tweet on!
He was good 4 Alex, but I'd say Mia. They were a good match. RT : OTH POLL: Chase should've ended up with...
unfortunately not :(
i thought today would be a good day. then i got smashmouth stuck in my head.
I have a slight headache
“: practice today... we're canceling it to give our guys rest. ... Erm, youngest team in the league?
"these are stairs." - a perceptive old lady
heck yea ikr! I be thinking the same thing when I watch it lol.
Lot of fellas don't know what they're doing such a laugh! Hey I don't know what I'm doing either.
My album been out 2 months and if you don't have it by now thanks for nothing. Maybe i will convert you next album into a supporter
word. And that's what matters!
I LOVE it. I would definitely suggest you get one :)
stop it im so jealous!!
Mediation brief due tomorrow. No time to tweet.
Not quite a wedding ruining, but this sort of happened to me.
When people fake the dance moms accounts I can't c how they're fans by faking an account especially the dancers they're just kids why fake?
Never let a man on a pedestal be the first to inform you.
All Digs Go to Heaven 2
Jamie Moyer is a bad ass motherfucker
Yes I can take a joke but you saying mean stuff about me isn't funny
I tweet my #allergy finds 4 the love of sharing I'm NOT paid by any of the companies. If that changes I'll let ya know! Thx 4 following.
Dear Bitches, Im Glad Yhu Hate Me Keep Hating Yhu Just Making Yourself Weaker Weaker Everyday For Yourself I Appreciate Yhur Convos about me
Lia’s happy hour is in my humble opinion the best in Friendship Heights area!
"so wait, does the Volvo have NOS?" haha
Its a final: Bloomington South 76, North Central 66. Nice!!
Ohh Today is going to be a great day!!!!
they know and they got a need, BG might not want to see u fly away but BHS teachigs need to be taught like wu tang
: RT : Loving my nude lip gloss. It's perfect for my natural makeup :)))
Lots of work and little sleep. Thankful for a day of rest tomorrow. ...After I get off at 9:30
Youth totally related to my life,now I realize God gives his hardest battles to his toughest soldiers.Amazed how clearly His messages come.
Ewan McGregor joins Cannes jury - BBC News
Bronzer should always be 2-4 shades deeper depending if using it to to bronze or contour.
“: pissed next to Patrick Kane today........#mifflin #legoblues”<<-- Life's downhill from here.
#TwitterPeopleILove Stanford Ace
SDHome/Garden Magazine Adds Three Chefs to its Hall of Fame Roster in December issue!
Come in and try our NEW delicious Panini's!!!! Fresh made just for you when you order!
This is just not my day.
The graduation of frat boys to frat men: when they wear socks with their Sperrys.
Why do people dislike rail transportation so much? It seems to make sense to me and would get cars off of the roads.
Social media so much more integrated into our lives (Mom's on FB). Hard to maintain seperate identity.
wow you got talent i didnt like rap but since i heard fok mwen ale i started listening to rap and i heard la vi bel
Oh you MUST have peanut butter in there - maybe its anchoring the chocolate squares?
Im sad I wont be able to go to TNR at tonight. No ride! Bo! :(
I'm sure you look fine but makes sense! Exciting times!!!
3.2 innings 2 hits, 7 k's, I wanna thank Willy P, for throwing 95 and then allowing me to come in throwing 77 mph changeups
Want to help a new #Houston #theatre We are trying to get 500 followers by 9/9 when #FarragutNorth opens. Mention or RT
Appreciate What You HAVE Before It Becomes What You HAD.
sorry to burst your bubble im not the girl from last night lmfao stop sexting me
totally. Well, my clothes will be dirty.
Listen to what when It comes to a better duo. Watch the show tonight!
im so #tired :]
i meant to say hurt you lmaoo this laptop is stupid
uhh that what it seems. and yea i dont know you cause we dont talk. and yea :P
Loving your hair when it is perfectly straight.
#ThingsIWantTheMost Tons of Voice-Over and Illustration work! And this recession to end.
I'm having twitterpeeps withdrawal. Got used to seeing everyone!
STEP YO COOKIES UP !!!!
Ambien scorched my tongue on chocolate cake last night :(
I like long walks on the beach & have 3GB of FREE cloud storage! What more do you need in a social search engine
RT : "It takes a campus community & a good experience to bring in a class." Good rect + deliver on promise = enrollment success
Sup Long Beach!
Didn't get to watch but I'm gonna vote tonight! How did my boy do tonight? Score? Don't forget to vote for him!!!
Let us walk you through your debt relief options.
Hey look, Adele!
Guaranteeing that this documentary will become fiction
how did Etem do?
FUCK YOURSELF TWICE.
I am getting hungry, as always.
#TNT #NBA EJ..tell chuck tonight's the night he's really goin to lose like a man
what the fuck is school?
This ones for all you mom's out there !
"Everywhere I look, you're all I see. Did you mean anything? Can't you see you're my everything?"
is here giving all our clients #glammakeuplesson ...
so jealous! Taking Dan to Mendocino when I get my royalties check.
It was a beautiful thing, wasn't it?
RT When you run behind a nigga and have nothing going for yourself.., I refuse to Respect You!!
how does one "go to bed early"?
Off to facilitate a client's leadership development forum that combines case discussions with action learning. Awesome week ahead!
ooc; as you wish babe, don't let your daddy break your heart- again!
love these guys tweets! follow them!
I would have stayed up with you all night,had I known
"Dreams are illustrations... from the book your soul is writing about you." ~Marsha Norman
RT Starting my diet and exercise back up tomorrow!
Seriously. Hoodies are just attachable hats. When your head gets cold, "Where's my hat? Right in back. Don't gotta look for it."
Haven't Talked To In A While
Gotta Go! The Big Mac is now buy one get one FREE!
If you need burst of powerful perspective on our shallow preoccupations, begin reading "Empty Promises" by
14846 try it
I'd make her stay up with me lol
Hey ! ? For U! How do u get a price quote of a prospective route before actually scheduling/requesting the driver to pick you up?
PULP tonight! Talk of Pulp is making me crave octopus, though.
I find that to be a beautiful thing. Go Flyers!
ok, time to take a
Live Irish music on a Sunday night. Sounds good to me!
have great valentines day!
awesome spanking penz!
RT "I love reading. You know why Ms. Cori? It makes my brain learn more." - kindergarten student at a City Year school
Do what you love! Let us know if we can help...
NOBODY WILL ANSWER ME!!
I had a blast tonight at #redkiva with thank you
ok thank god bc i just retweeted them and noticed the title was "long hair dont care" and laughed to myself 4 a good 2 minutes
Hey : 24-7 the thunder will roll!!!!
New Music Coming March 20th, 2012...
NaLee the beginning of a trilogy... Check it out at NaLee2010.com mermaids dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make...
vilma out for the year... bucs sign a paralyzed dude... good day to be a falcons fan!
Okay, what's everyone doing for Valentines Day... Besides the obvious ;)
Welcome Love <33
Hey, Glenn. Can I hire you to promote my novel??? :0)
People do annoying shit, gotta grow up and ignore that shit man
Last night got weird. I wish I was still sleeping. I want Dunkin Donuts.
Let's never forget Mary Pat Shelby. She's gone through a lot...
Thank you ! ...and thanks for the attempted tweet
Getting ready to take the kids to doe their #springfling!
DM your email and the last one is all yours!
One reason a dog can be such a comfort when you're feeling blue is that he doesn't try to find out why. — Author unknown
Just what I needed to start my day: An email with the subject head "Whiskey Flavored Sex Lube." Thank you, #food PR people...
when does school start like 8?
Definitely going out and celebrating. I been on 10 all day listening to music! Ready for tonight!
Giving a Second Chance to an Old Friend | The Wheat Free Family
Happy Month Three Hattie Margaret! We love you.
the fact that she thinks she and aubrey are just "strong women" makes me sick. i am-and i don't bully people!
working that African Workout today - Tribal Energy Cardio
then dont worry :) your by my law more important than anyone
Mid Day snack attack time....SAMOSAS!!!
Be careful - they are addictive...
I don't know who did the list but am surprised I'm on it. Well, barely on it. In number 20.
As soon as someone starts telling you to be realistic..cross them off your invitation list!!!
I swear to god, why are there fireworks? On an unrelated note, Burger King now delivers in Madison. Tempted.
#replacebandnameswithorgasm cage the orgasm, theory of an orgasm, orgasm from an airplane
"Must of drunk ATM'd" -
RT : Just bring it! #allin. This is our time!
if you say so
“: Tweeting from the Asylum on or Kraft Beer Tour.....amazing." Thanks for coming!
LET'S. GO. BULLS.
Wind energy c provide us with cleaner air and much healthier environment.
what's da name
what? How could she have been with you all week if she was with me last night? XD
I liked Hugh's song and dance numbers and the way the did things like the Screenwriting presentation
would love to
RT : Anyone have examples of inquiry based authentic learning in early elementary school classrooms.?
lol You'd certainly have a winning argment there !
How long do they plan on picketing?
they all over the PLACE
I do too! And NOW the fight truly begins!
Samantha Shandrow, you've won a Tier 2 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
yeah she def is a WHOLE LOTTA that too !!
Well I'm done being a mexican for now the lawn is cut !
And it is sure to rain cats and dogs tonight « Just My Life
preferably an archival solution that doesn't rely on a corporate cloud.
I forgot to ask u how was Hawaii?? And CAs coo gettin fuckin hot tho lol
Game ain't over, Bucks were down 12
I don't actually HAVE nuts, but all of that sounds absolutely terrible.
Thanks for the #FF! We are grateful to have Fanny Starr's testimony in the archive.
Haha bet she was thrilled.
I hear there's a sequel to "The Grey" planned where Liam Neeson hunts down a ragtag bunch of plane-wrecked wolves.
Leah could of went, but i think are working the love bird angle a bit, that might be next weeks pick
coming to some events at on Wed and Thurs. Checking out schedule now!
Slam Chase
Oh hai there!
Want someone to help hold you accountable to your fitness goals? I'd love to be that person! Just ask:)
Getting some music ready 4 Cathouse tonight... Gotta make sure I rock the new singles from and from
Only 13 hours until it's time to kick off St. Patty's week!
yes I'll send you a DM with it.
i am going.. i can't stay up any longer. i had a nap today so i couldn't sleep tonight
That is opportunity cost. When you test in 2 domains, other domains lose focus.
hope Vaughn makes the team!
RT Rick Perry's favorite numbers are 1, 2 and... and... um... oh, what's that other one? My bad.
I didn't even get to meet him 😭
What a great night for New York baseball!!!!!
According to the dentist's office, I never existed. According to Stevens, "reality is not the thing but the aspect of the thing."
"The Maya calendar is going to keep going and keep going for ... a huge number that we can't even wrap our heads around."
Budweiser...what I drank before I discovered real beer.
im confused
Worked 9 hrs now to work out!!! :)
Thanks so much, I love being in an artist's network of support & encouragement, best friends ever!
i guess i'm about to find out? :D i haven't seen it yet, but i keep hearing that it's beautiful.
did u go to the dance?
hello hun how you doing
You can't go wrong by following any of the DRF, BloodHorse writers, etc. + also tweet a bunch, too.
YEEEEESSSSSSSS I LOVE IT!
Skifta (for Android) - PC Magazine
RT : Don't block the cock... you gotta guide it <-- lol freak
Important movie to see. RT : If you are on Twitter, please retweet this #seeredtailsmoviethisweekend AND make it your hash tag
"Do Something. If it works, do more of it. If it doesn't, do something else." -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
I like the view from here, so far I can't see you from here. Aye!!!
I've really learned a lot this year. Funny to look back upon it all
Steelers...Jets?..
Big day on the blue clay for Kastles at the on Monday with , and all in action!
The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply. -Denis Waitley
PROCRASTINATION WHY DO YOU EXIST!!!!!!!!
Thank you! Anything that's not a chain is always helpful!
This Fucking jackhammer noise this morning said fuck my sleeping in plans 😠
trying to arrange something in san palo with bicycle film festival eventually yes
All that me and talked about yesterday was the 1D interview when the interviewer say louis name wrong #istillloveyoulouis <3
almost finished! Who’s got the data? Interdependencies in Science and Technology Collaborations. Coming to a journal near you soon...
Awww!! Im sorry!! Hopefully something lively happens!! Then it won't be soo boring!! :))<3
I really want to watch Kat Williams now.
its been a busy list lately. I think its a good thing :)
hey doll! I miss you -- love seeing all the success with Tornado Warning though. You go! The world needs people like you.
haha I see you chief..how you been?
To the extent that we are all educated and informed, we will be more equipped to deal with the gut issues that tend to divide us
- send it over Chris
He's honoring his Smurf brethren. Y does Leif have his face painted?
to knit or to tweet, that is the question RT : Love that I'm sitting in the #sca11 plenary with knitters, working on my socks.
no just snow
Aimee Bohn is the only person who retweets my stuff.
hey u need to fucks wit WTB foreal fucks wit that room
my brother is the biggest retard i have ever met
Oh thts cool.just a normal day in Ohio.terrorists tried to blowup a bridge 15mins from my house.
Oh yeah and I had an amazing dream with last night ;D
Is everyone ready for Halloween this year, I know I am, please tweet what you're gonna be and I'll tell you what I'm gonna be
and to follow me
Can't remember whether I go in at 8 or 9 tomorrow. Oh well - I'm picking 9 and they'll call me if I'm wrong :D
When we are no longer able to change a situation... We are challenged to change ourselves.
I will retweet one of your tweets if you retweet one of mine! -lemme know
Wait, what? $159 is the cheapest ticket?
girl i been tweeting yuu!! LOL
Mane a nigga 2 hungry...wat should I get???
“I’ve entered the x #StonedImmaculate contest.”
Miller Park attracts alot of out of state fans. I.e. Cubs Cardinals Bucks dont do that.
You better watch out. Cows can get hurt by the flying balls coming out of the
You would be a great radio interview.
Belts. They are the best investment!!
We would be honoured to have you on our show Dorian, your life story shared will inspire our listeners :)
Relationship capital is the new venture capital - its the relationship that creates value.
That definitely sucks. Consider all the related economic ramifications, like the prices for bakery items & cakes going up!
hey guys, were just checking in to see how that blurb is coming along. :)
What would it cost to bring the laser rocket arm to Texas? I need a decent second starter behind me.
I love wedding jams!
Tweet or die brroo
You can only run from your problems until you realize the world is round and you will just end up running right back into them.
Wish I didn't know now, what I didn't know then
3/20/1754->R Dinwiddie:I was favourd w/ your Letter inclosing Lt Col Commission..I am vain enough to believe I shall not be an unfit Member
I once lived next to a couple named Pat and Jan. She was Pat and he was Jan.
Date for No Doubt's new album-September 25th
TGIF. What are you planning for this weekend?
it's been to long since we've talked..
I'm glad I'm not the only person to take offense of his approach! Thank you.
I know it is late in the day for #FF but my schedule seems a bit off! Happy day 2
do you know whats on the menu of these 1000 dinners he has?
Is Todd Haley dressed as a bum for Halloween?
I'm on at about 10pm! Stop thru and drop me a line :)
First the school rally, now hanging out !
Sorry if I wake any of u up last min challenge sorry I apologize for every thing to but I like to be consideret of other people :-D
Awww! Tell Girum Jen says HI! I hope you enjoy your ride! :)
Ariana Grande is awesome who thinks so too?
The true essence of love is continuously loving someone without knowing the reason why you love him/her.
She acts like summer & walks like rain
I've seen two ESPN aired baseball game's and each time you guys talk about twitter.. DO YOUR JOBS
Picking up my technics today
BRUINS! 1pm stop by and visit!
Gay bingo only at the cabaret
Things Happen For a Reason..
Brochures are in the mail! Not on our mailing list? Email for more info! 816.531.PLAY www.unicorntheatre.org
Topeka bound! Get to listen to Cali sing the John wall for 45 mins.
Words can be dangerous. Please write responsibly.
because it happens everyday...innocent people get killed...
NIce tips for 'forking' our syllabi: crediting provenance and innovation.
Yea i have my concerns!
Late to the game, but congrats to and everyone else who became a ¡Doctor of Philosophy! or ¡Master of Science! today!
Mom: I'll sleep out here Me: Ur not sleeping on the couch. Take my bed & I'll sleep out here Mom: Why, so u can watch dirty movies? #WTF?
work work work. Fun fun in a bun.
#glee How much fun is this show? I hope it lives up to the pilot and garners a strong following.
surprise to know one. Still wish he'd have stayed a year to develop as a receiver. Support him 100% though.
Oh good to know, then Thurs. might do that! I think more people can make it when it's late at night.
OKayy so i'm gonna go back and read . Tweet ya later <3
GSA and SECRET SERVICE want to use guns from Fast&Furious to get better Hotel deals to celebrate FIRST GAY PRESIDENT
If there is anything we wish to change in the child, we should first examine it and see whether it is not something that could b
how is your day going and if you ever want to talk just hit me up
Can't wait to get home, so I can use my laptop again!
Everybody go vote for Megan and Liz in the I Heart Radio Contest right now! You can vote up to 25 times a day!
Perfect night for Tampico and a movie! What do you recommend?
Just lost that hard 10 pounds after reading 4 Hour Workout. A few changes in food intake and exercise. All in a few weeks
today is that something special happen
heh! does one ever need excuse?
@ the Library: its dead here, which is nice because it means I get to work on my flyer on teen books being made into movies.
havent even been to bed yet
Hm maybe you shouldn't be wearing a dress and have your legs spread apart with company over...so trashy.
your welcome<3
Frozen yogurt:)!
love them! new fave
Just saw a guy that looks like Joe Paterno pick his nose outside the liquor store.
Got that sucker bet.
there's no ale8 anywhere but ky. Use to make my parents bring it to me when we lived in SC.
what did they do? Didnt see it.
"Lisa B helps you cover a great deal of seasonal ground in this eclectic, fun and highly entertaining release." Jazz blog
beats and rhymes.....
how do you get verified
When I look into the future, it's so bright it burns my eyes. -Oprah
Clary Sage Herbarium! You rock our world!!!
your welcome hun(:
thanks girl ^_^
District Track Meet tomorrow (well actually today) and I should be asleep :/
I think I made a lot of friends at work because I'm just bad ass& everyone wants a chance to talk to me. Lol jk
safe travels home 2mrrw. Hope u both had gr8 weather & a good day.
Every tooth in a man's head is more valuable than a diamond. ~Miguel de Cervantes, Don Quixote, 1605
so true. I consider myself the epitome of masculinity. :) I don't take it seriously, though. Ignorance no longer phases me.
All successful employers are stalking people who will do the unusual, people who think.
Peter, Sunday, Philly how many more of these days will I have left here on the east coast (@ Knock Restaurant & Bar w/ 2 others)
Thx and just sent message to my rep and hope he is a transit supporter!
Dennis Probst wants his tail back.
Yes. Disappointingly misleading!
That's cool. If you know anyone selling tix, let me or Nick Fink know. Appreciate it!
: is the new Anna Quindlan in stock yet? Is the ' in? The new NF re: Grant? Random wants.
What do people do #friday night in #Orlando #Florida?
I wanna play tennis..where are all my tennis opponents...
IM SO GLAD IM NOT AN ELEPHANT I WOULD NEVER GIVE BIRTH
I'm looking forward to reading it!
Hm, that analogy could use some work.
I hate women with large boobs. Disgusting. Lol
Why do I feel my brackets are already busted and the games haven't started yet?
Don't be afraid to try something unfamiliar when you get to electives (web design to cataloging). I am often surprised when I love it!
thanks amy😄
pictures speak a thousand characters
Aw man, I gotta wear the socks I HAD ON YESTERDAY. Now their all stretched out and weird. #notwhitewhineseriousbusiness Cc:
Squid Attack will be starting in 44 minutes at the Hawthorne BV, come and join us!
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement.~Henry Ford
:'( i love you please forgive me it was my mom :'(
Anyone else find the host of #SweetGenius a little creepy?
p.s. search "backin up song" on youtube! hilarious!! instant classic.
really? I use it just enough I might start factoring into monthly budget
follow follow follow
Moving day!
Whoever invented the pillow pet (happy nappers included) should win an award for scamming kids.....before I throttle him/her.
AWESOME coverage and work tonight covering #TampaCrit! Jason and - thank you! Tampa is GREAT!
Just got back to my hotel rm. Sure womens conference in Springfield, MA. Off the chain!!!
Thank you so much! Please tell your friends about us, how are ya?!
That is what we love to hear! Thanks!
what do you LOVE?
Sorry Seal. My bad.
I spoke too soon
Kate Bowers (Harvard)): has 8 repositories using 1 instance AT
busy creating change, my brotha. YOu? I hope well. (((hugz)))
Lol LA fans, line to get in game it's 740 game says 730 start. Hope we don't miss too much of it
Do you know someone who needs a base tan or spray tan? Refer a new client and get a FREE tan :)
Did u get a booth at Two Keys??
RIP MCA. Keep Fightin' for the Right to Party
Watching H2 and the history of Cocaine... Dude said he didnt feel anything but was cleaning his house and talking bout nothing lol
These caption photos on instagram are cracking me up.
Next up at #WFUD12, the former Poet Laureate of the US!!
8pm performance 70% Sold! Get your Tickets before they're gone! 4pm, show us your Thur/Sat/Sun Single-Day #ComicCon badge & save $10
Tomorrow? RT : Bayliss will be insufferable tomorrow.
aww thanks! You are too! :)
thanks for the 15 update. Good job!
": S/O to best sub ever" Thank you for helping to make it great.
Lucky RT : Just lifted and ran with Dallas Clark at So I mean I guess it's been a pretty good Friday morning
Does anyone have song recommendations for Restaurant Creatives as we climb our mountain of work this beautiful Sunday morning?!
Did you get the day off for President's Day? What did you brew?
Chiefs vs Bears. Painfully boring to watch. Alternative? Broncos vs Vikings. Hm... maybe there's a bowling tournament on another channel.
Man walking dog this morning spotted flames, knocked on doors helped get people out of apartments.
its up to you bro! Depends on how many verses you wanna do lol
thanks for the tweet! Do you use pinterest?
Its a shame how People can let their whole lives be controlled by Jealousy
Mosley should just retire after this. But i think his wife left him. And took half. So, u know what that means
yes ma'am
These powers can be a burden. Its why so many men choose not to bear the burden and pick up the razor.
What is this Bears close the gap with Lions stuff? Lions were a 10-win team... Bear were at least that if not for Cutler injury.
30 minutes into SVU,I solved the crime before they did.yeeuuuuhh c:
Happy Friday, Joey!
this is very exciting news! I heart jelly.
Country & Western on the alarm. I thought the wife was coming around. Today I find out she tolerates it because it makes her want to flee.
Thanks so much for the #FF appreciate it!
Nothing is ill said if it is not ill taken.
okay I'm off to watch the Yankee game until the season finale of NCIS puts me in my grave...adios!
HIghlight of halloween: the enthusiastic abandon I witnessed singing along to "monster mash."
Lea Michelle should keep up with singing lessons. I give her props for getting up there tho.
listening to lena dunham on fresh air. i've made the switch and really dig her now, just sick of the overkill.
we will be there at noon and will be closing the doors til 5:30...but you'll be the first ones in line for sure! :)
I think I love airports!
getting a 22 in black jacks.....
That is 3'x3'? It looks more like a rectangle to me? AM I TAKING CRAZY PILLS HERE?
ah! Your so lucky :)
:) RT : Inventing Twitter was pretty easy for because back then there was no such thing as Twitter to distract him from doing it.
“Knowledge isn’t power until it is applied.”
Wishing everyone a safe and happy Memorial Day Weekend.
is also secretively a lecherous being. :P i've found out over dinner. it was fun!
Welcome ! #WelcomeJJ - Looking forward to the Official Welcome JJ Ceremony on April 13th!
Get ready for Spring Break....remove all that unwanted body hair! 20% off all waxing on Sunday with Jackie! Call for your reservation!
I'm a boss tuckboi fresh
#BlueRock has an #video #internship position open! Please email with a resume and cover letter.
Bonnie Blodgett: It's boardroom vs. bedroom in America
Do the right thing and check out my friend Benje at
Saw Angels Crest on Netflix. Enjoyed it. You played a convincing dad. Sad ending. Would have killed for a blooper reel.
Off the hook for getting my folks presents for the next year. At least.
I Should've Kissed You when i got the chance to . </3
I would happily work at an Irish taco place! #LuckOfTheIrish + taco =
HECK NAH. THT FOOD WAS GOOD SON!!!!!!
You guys did good tonight. Evan, sorry for Alberto earlier
thanks for checking out my youtube page.
Baseball on the big screen and fiction on the small one. I have no complaints.
And of course I did not just watch all of #Footloose leading to a cascade of preteen dance memories.
Did you dress up for Halloween this year? What were you?
we love it!
Did you know: That as soon as President Jackson's horse stepped off the bridge leading from Castle Garden it collapsed?
RT Too bad we didn't have Twitter in 1933. We could have just thrown some ribbons on our avatars & prevented the Holocaust.
. Great story of startup hustle! Great lessons to be learned!
will be opening at noon today!
but ehhh I don't feel like it .
Working with Jesse Allison on our new Flickr Gettr- post Mumbai IIT and post LL Mediaplugin goodness
lol oh okay! I was so freaking out hahah!
take it man! If you have basic knowledge you will be fine! You go through a lot of training. Don't worry.
Please say this to my face. I won't take it as hard as hearing it as a rumor.
aww Carms ): why did u get grounded?
Not textn anyone today lets see who really care about me haa
Looking for someone who'd like to write a post or two about the joys of monogamous sex and keepin the fire burnin. Contact me :)
Lunch date with mom.
Seeing this 16 yr old on #Americanidol really makes me feel like I should've went for it. That should be me up there.. :'(
Please don't use the refs as ANY justification to that performance
I'll bet you failed to do the proper PMCS on the book. Never blame the tools.
At the REI complex in Denver. Not sure if I'm awe struck or terrified.
DID IT
Advertising doesn't sell products, it just entices people to go online and research. Julia Goldin, Revlon CMO
We are glad to know that you like ties, we like them too :)
RT damn developers :P
Me and got some shit! HIT ME MY PARTNA UP FOR BEATS FOR THE LOW!! ANY GENREA GET AT US!!
nothing at the moment...head out to the city. U?
no matter where you are in the world, The moon is never bigger than your thumb
ugghhhh, we can't be having this!!!!!! Where y'all at tomorrow
this was so adorable!
- #Journalists shall b protected as civilians as long as they're not participating in violence, yet they r increasingly targeted.
that looks yummy!
Has anyone ever used a #car #shipping service? We still have a vehicle in California we need to transport cross country.
name it man. The chance to represent your country in the olympics has to be one of the ultimate honors any one person could achieve
SO EXCITED FOR THE FUTURE!!!
Everyone follow my little brother He has moved out to Los Angeles with me and big things are happening for him already! :D
The film's director is here too: Ari Palos
"Is it hot in here, or is it you?"
"can i have a bad bitch without no flaws come to meet me without no drawers"
great! Helfrich coming this week!
I like Jude's communication style: short, simple, self-focused.
Good morning Saturday. we have lots to accomplish you and I.
gorgeous day in Austin. spring cleaning & getting pumped about my upcoming nm tour.
lol perfect timing see ya than
Need to find another job, current 1 is nun but modern day slavery
Won my first softball game of the season!!:)
Who's got some great Holiday Recipes they want to share with everybody?
Hey People(:
- You're very welcome!
awww miss you too tristan! so much. please let's catch up asap!!! got so much to tell you.
--___-- Lamee security. Yeah when she came out shes like dude is celeste here? & am like :o Idk Lets go find her & we didC:
thanks man! I will talk to my sis about it but I'm sure I'll be seeing u later.
"I'm not completely gay but I think plants are bored the same way as babies_
The Siri beep sound is patented? *facepalm*
It's 11:11 here , MY WISH IS TO FOLLOW ME :*
"brothers on the line" @ dc filmfest. Story of the reuther bros. Great evening. Google it.
Mindless Behavior vs. OMG Girlz ... Can't wait!!!!
Trying a new thing with my RSS feeds. I'm just adding anything that interests me to my Diigo or (iOS) Safari Reading List. I'll come back?
ok, so......how do you use this thing?
We're thinking that new one, but it's super club-y. Not sure if the world can handle it.
means I lost me freaking car again lol I keep hitting panic button n nothing :(
So exciting - thank you! Please follow me so I can DM you with my info.
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please??
Happy thanksgiving :-)
my boyfriend and my cousin are the only people that make me happy anymore hahaha
ha wow thanks!
did Justin almost fall ? Lol
Tabernero: crisp, refreshing, hints of white peach, but listen to me gush, let the bottle speak for itself :)
That awkward moment when your boyfriend is gay and everyone knows it except you... O_o
what was I eating?
Question: Is a groovy cocktail in the morning a good thing? Not on vacation. Thanks.
Finished watching vs Corrales followed by Cotto vs Mosley. I want to fast forward to May5 right now.
TY for the reminder! Cant wait to nominate CEO/founder, for
up to 13 on the LA/OC blues charts in ReverbNation. That seems so high. Nose bleed area almost. lol
Porcelain tiles are harder to cut due to their density and hardness.
Buddy is a fine candidate but I'm a Ron sort of guy!
HOLLER. we're doing 3pm to 6am--less than 2 more hours!
Happy Mother's Day!
Evil Jane is so hot
why do so many stores ask me to open a credit card account when I check out?
happy birthday to the ground
Sorry for the frustration. Hopefully the delivery Friday will work out. If not, still wish you all the best in new job.
I really need to get things going. There is too much stuff happening. Need to kick it up a notch
world peace?
Absolute EyeCare is now proudly a provider for BadgerCare patients currently enrolled in CCHP, Molina, & United Healthcare HMOs.
Pacabel's canon and U2 mash up. No folks, this is what I will walk down the aisle to at my wedding.
I'm just now noticing that 1Q84 is coming out in paperback next month--for just 50 cents less than the hardcover.
Helped my friend babysit yesterday. Now my arms are sore from carrying children and giving piggy-back rides. But, they were adorable! :)
Serious ?: Is #VA what would've happened if non-Romney vote had coalesced around Paul? And if so, isn't what we have instead way better?
Draw Something. Username Candice2009
Off of twitter for a few days and they done change the look. Damn Damnn Damn!
Still wish you'd help me find a song for a mix...
there's plenty more where that came from!
good god its spit it diff :) check tha store new shit everyday
lol, yeah i'm still here...
5-hr delay (so far) inside plane airlines 416; first it was ATC, now they're installing something. Pilot & crew confused. Horrible.
This deal you do not want to pass up!!!
hahah me too but she doesn't know that 😏
Why should I waste my tears on you.
Well said. It's about being respectful of our fellow humans.
BUDGET WEEK: Amd #746 by Republican Rep Webster (R-Hanson) forces unemployed folks to do community service to get benefits
LOL ! Thanks for the shout out!
Do you live in a Southern state?
yes but will they keep Dodson..
Don't wanna go home tomorrow
make me a copy. Just started following today so I've only seem 2
I can't wait for the new album. I already pre ordered it on iTunes!!
what? Sorry, i wasn't paying attention. RT Guys suck at listening.
yo can I get a follow back Ma?
It's backyardigans time
I just did and I don't see anything yet
When you put on a dress and it looks like a shirt.
One of the golf contenders must be sponsored by google. Her caddy has SEO on his back.
Good thing about being in Montana. Lots Of GRIZ clothing available!
I feel like a looser not going to prom.....
#webwise barry fishman on games: enable a lowered risk of failure, affording "productive failure" as a way of learning
Well at least you know for sure now. *hugs* May it heal quickly.
#aam2012 abt 150 people at seasion! "Family Learning in Interactive Galleries: A Cross-Museum Research Report "W.FamiliesInArtMuseums.org
Out shopping with an Italian.
maybe then post it for like a week and see if people like it...
it seems #ramona is sick as a dog today.
right nows: say i have a green bean habit
RETWEET IF YOU WANT 20 NEW FOLLOWERS!!! ----->
RT Jets kicker Josh Brown's base salary is $825,000 in 2012, per NFLPA records
Omg someone please give me a gun with a single shot please
Look! A Box left under the tree ! It's a Jethro gift pack! What product is featured on the Jethro Baits Home Page? 1St correct answer wins
Thx! RT Free subscription to SSRN eLibrary gives you access to academic papers on #law, #management, #IT etc. HIGHLY RECOMMEND
What goes through ur head when u hear my name?
At a sports bar in Rochester, and they are cranking the #Vikings fight song after the Rudolph TD...it's going over like a fart in church
RT - Cleveland Indians Clubhouse: A fresh face is needed for the ...
Happy Foursquare Day! Don't forget to check-in on your next visit to Absolute EyeCare for great specials.
Good Morning Loves!! Hope everyone has a blessed & wonderful day!! :) xoxo
Can't wait till I get on the road(:
1/2 "LIFE'S JOURNEY is not to arrive at the grave safely, in a well preserved body,
Steve Harvey is not now, and has never been funny.
Smoking some chicken thighs and some mushrooms, and drinking some beers. Not sure what's next for the smokey bits.
no! We are at double D's. is like dead to the world lol
I know you'll be glad for snow and stuff.
You do the same Love❤
Bruh I could have sworn you were in new York and didn't hit nobody Rt : you need to come back to Boston first! Lol
H.C. Rocks!
CRASH: I-84 westbound @ 74th, on right shoulder
I feel like luongo gets benched once a series anyways
LOL MT : Oh no, Rosalba, you accidentally pasted my name in that list.Happy Friday
Day one of the dramatic Michael Jackson Murder trial; Randy Meier talks to Hal Eisner from FOX L.A. tonight on FOX 9 at 10PM
Postcard from Paris -The Band Perry
Co-Op will be open to anyone who walks through the doors! City, county, even PA... BFC welcomes everyone.
Prosecutions fault. They did not prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that she had committed the crime.
Forgive- easy to say, sometimes hard to do
Is it crazy to run to ny for a spa appt in the name of free champagne
Get on the list for the City Lights Event on November 19TH. It's going to be one crazy night.
oh hello (;
RT Battles at the Beach. Event 3. $330 NLHE buy in w/ re-entries. Today at noon. $30K guaranteed
Lol You are so sweet!
"To the Men's Room!"
I hate when I start having feelings for someone and have no idea how they feel about me ,
Turning my attention to "NET10 Dream Team." Voting starts in May. Can't complain.
And has me re-reading #PhilosophicalInvestigations, which is not available on Kindle and should be. For a Serious Book, hugely entertaining.
c'mon by!
Mo' money mo' problems. But atleast you can scratch poverty and starvaition off your list.
Losing enough weight to drop a belt notch? Satisfying. Dropping so many belt notches that you need to buy a new belt? Stupendous!
I found Chocolate pudding!!!!! to bad it was all over the wall outside.
Hey swagg buddy talk with me and
girl that's good!
Playing Draw Something with the dumbest person. They guessed my drawing of a bagel, but kept spelling it "bagle." So they passed the turn!!!
Today I have a paper to write, some studying to do and waiting for a call or text from you??
RT : RT : Tomorrow night starts THE REWIND! Feat: and on the decks ......
happy birthday beautiful!!
#WTF I got off thinking I was gon watch #OTH which I recorded but I pushed play and the channel was messed up for an hour
Atlanta Hawks picked Marvin Williams over , traded Dominique Wilkins, let Rasheed Wallace go and so many other mistakes...smh
we have tacos, though we don't open till 4pm...
i'm 2007 as well. I was a Parkie, Cinema and Photography and an art history minor...I think we must have mutual friends!
Download new BLAZING!!! track "SMOKING OUT IN PUBLIC" ft. Lil KEKE Mike Ro!!!!!
I might pay to see that lol RT“: my new favorite image is Tebow in the studio for a 1-on-1 with …just picture it.”
Call the manufacturer, this comic-book publisher is stuck in an endless cycle of reboots. Probably needs a new motherboard.
I'm a huge packers fan who lives in Miami. You're about 10 mins east of me right now. Go Packers!
Hey i hope you have an amazing birthday! Have fun and thanks for supporting Austin. He truly appreciates all of his fans! :)
90 degrees in #NYC this is insane warm!
Prediction time: We're about to witness The Hacker Crackdown 2.0, the first one of which happened in the early 90s (chronicled by )
thanks for the follow back!
I'm careful to say: "I married into wiener dogs."
If he didn't matter and he's no "big deal"..then why the hell would get so sensitive about it.
tweet or text? I'm hunting for parking. Will be there as soon as I can.
Just got my 1st pair of knickers, so excited to sport them on the golf course
At my grandmas soon
hunger games is def worth ur time and money.
yeah, i was just tabulating. you've been counted
“ No im not lucky, im blessed....yes!”
Tami Roman claims she's going to anger management class. Clearly she has learned nothing. needs to do #antibullying PSAs now!
RT There is talk of Zlatan moving to Man City. Please, please, please, please, please let this happen. PLEASE.
back on Twitter , go twitter promote my shit LOL. -love you <3
Wishing you a wonderful Christmas and Happy Holidays.
have a great fuckin weekend my friend.
yes get back to work -- someone in West has to :) Imagine how many billable hours clocks -- on TWITTER! :D
": Tiger chips to a foot for a sure par, to finish 1-over 73 after talking with Fluff about the shot." Not a Rules violation?
Got you bebe, head up and chest out! You're stronger than you think 💛
What am I doing on my Friday off from School? Sitting at home with starbucks, Doritos and pixy stix watching all three twilight movies. (:
Thank you fro following me, i look forward to reading your thoughts and insughts on eLearning :)
love to you!!
Colorado loses 2-1. Beckham is down.
That's ok because we like Ricky more! lol Dave is all yours!
Send a msg to get discounted tix code (upto63%) to the vs. Phoenix Suns game (after ur pub crawl appearance)1700 tix left!
I love how your name on here is "thatwasntadream." Pretty sweet.
Quit thinking of your damn self!
Reporter looking for pro-choice catholics in metro Atlanta. email thanks
It's amazing how a persons teeth can turn them from gorgeous to downright ugly with a smile.
Newscaster #5? Where is Assignment Editor? They are the 1's who do all the work! Done PR and assign editor. PR more tolerable.
Daily I hear stories abt people getting long years cuz they're trying to follow others. As Meech said, it's the rats that remain on streets
I need your headphones to watch your cut. I didn't bring mine. I went to your station.
It amazed me how laughter can turn grief to joy.
is it a zombie comic? If so...can I see??
im so done wit u for looking them up ahhaha
SO THEY JUST LEFT ME ALONE IN THIS BIG ASS HOUSE AND DID NOT LEAVE AT LEAST 1 CAR. . SMH (WHAT A FAMILY I HAVE)
Best of luck to my #chelseafc boys today as they duke it out w/ barca
I think the reason there was so much Devin Harris hype was b/c the Nets no longer had Jason Kidd & the league wanted a draw in NJ.
Feels good to release the McDonald, no?
A very Elliot errand: picking up veal tongue and beef cheeks for my dad.
Yes, yes he did. Special thanks to for being our DJ.
How do I get post limit on tumblr even when I didn't go on it between 12 last night and 3 today. I've had 4 hours of tumblring & i got it.):
Me bro!!
I know I know Haha!
The rhetorical work is just making that built up stake visible; the fact that a thing was bought in the name of the public, and
ADORABLE! How are you!?
that's almost always the reason for slowing down. too many programs running in background.
Let me know if I can answer anything else about UNM intersession.
Bro!! Happy Birthday man!! Let's play a birthday round son!
liked my post on Instagram ! (:
Four years ago this summer, we went to Costco and bought a box of trash bags. Today we used the last bag in the first of two rolls.
and more importantly only participates in agendas that bring him celebrity. No Camera,No DeMaio
Zap could spell. *Sighs*
My aunts like ''ah tupac your moms shit'' to a song on the radio .bahah my mom is like the biggest tupac fan!
": Relay for Life is boring me." It's just not what it ousta be.
Project Lifesaver to be honored Thursday - Winner of the Best Practices Award in the Senior Safety Category by the Commonwealth of Virgina.
bad first date?
damn and you grew up stupid. At least you have opinons I only have facts.
de Freitas: need to improve AI believability for serious games, less important in entertainment games
I hate people who say, "Of course you can trust me with anything, I wont tell anyone" ...and then end up telling what you said to the world.
Any cooks in the kitchen today doing Thanksgiving prep? What's your favorite secret ingredient for Turkey Day?
Messages on surf board reads: "RIP #55"
LUCKY. my favorite place in the world!
Thanks for the mention, ! Looking forward to talk on Wednesday. Hope you can make it--stop and say hi!
noo!! We have the most attractive players, the Angels are close, but nothing beats Rangers
I think the amount of people tweeting about Margaritas today settles it ;) - CHEERS!
There's even a bar!
Glad you enjoyed the ZirMed 'skyloft'- we love it too
Congrats to the newly seated members of the #ranchobernardo planning board!
where do i vote maannn!!!
Right but this was a panel with the leading corporate lawyers in the country including Google's own!
Carmen is the winner??!! : seriously? Like, for realz??
Hello, you were just Skyping with my class... I was off the camera though so we didn't "meet"
I think my cat is part puppy LOL
yes sir..
RT : nice work on the #Rockies blog...I'm glad you didn't go negative even though it would have been VERY easy ...
Tizen OS set to run Android apps
I hope Viper/Task/Morrigan wants to go see Avengers this weekend with me too... :)
Go to www.californos.com/upcoming.html to see our Summer lineup, including reggae fridays and sunday solace on the back patio each weekend!!
Use the PressThis bookmarklet to easily blog while you're surfing the net. Highlight text, then click the bookmarklet and it will copy …
you are my guacamole savior.
It'd be very hard not to ask Christina to cover herself, although I like her musically. I would probably choose
AMEN! RT: I dont work tomorrow, Gloria a dios. I must catch up on some sleep after school 😊
You say you like rain but you use an umbrella to walk under it.
Thanks for spreading the word!
audition times 3. meeting times 2. class times 1. sleep times 0.
Thanks! I'm looking forward to it.
I learned on twitter that tacos are a euphemism for vagina I find it hard to eat one without talking dirty to it first.
Rock it with Rush's "Spirit of Radio" and "Fly By Night" at tonight's Rock Band Tuesday...now with mixed drinks! 9PM, 21+ only.
Ha! Aw. You & are my style icons.
i stay havin bars for david lol but its all love!
The weather in #Chicago has been positively delicious the past few days! What have you done outdoors to enjoy it???
What did you think of at CWCCs High Tea this afternoon?
Rousing debate here at world HQ over the order of Starburst deliciousness. I'm arguing Orange, Pink, Red, Yellow
Can't wait till may 4! concert. Stoked! Get that VIP pass(; Chicago, IL
Headed to see #ABQIsotopes vs. Nashville #suhweet!
Glad to hear it you enjoyed the book. Checking out Bird Blasting now :-) /cc
Another illuminating dinner with on future of narrative. Thanks, James. More discussions to follow.
abby and i should probably not choose passwords to things when we're too drunk to recall the password and are left guessing boobs and butts.
dude how come we never hang out?!?!
Dealer now has a 14
Archimedes was on his own in the bath.
My favorite comedy of the new season: Charlie's Angels! I haven't laughed that hard in a long time.
i KNEW you were going to be here for ustreaam!<3 yaaay! ;D
I wanna stay on the phone all night with him!!!
these crazy nuts got in a fight and busted some lips this dickhead jus had 2 jump in the middle & look..he's the 1 hurten & puked everywhere
I'm only watching 106 & Park to see
One treat of visiting in NY: just said hello to on the sidewalk in front of TimeWarner Center.
just saying.. your amazing<3
#that1ex whos new girlfriend you feel bad for cause they sex was wack...
Parents went to china, I have the whole house by myself :)
That appendix shit must hurt bro
What I do?
Will you be touring with your new book? (Pre-ordered!) Specifically Portland, OR or even Seattle?
Extra credit for using the word "impecunious".
M, we made 3 types of choc truffles at yesterday's Pgh class! Who's jealous? :-)
great names for pets
“: i want my blonde hair back .” SAME
I'm so tan it's ridiculous.
Attention all people looking for a little extra income. www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
The vet says that poor Squeasel had a stroke and now tilts to the left. He doesn't seem to realize there's a problem.
sorry I didn't see ur tweet...after attending many social media events and doing my own research I decided with my prior skills
Your welcome...
do you guys have an sdk for ios yet?
ok, you can order from us :)
And you think I give a fuck ¯\(ツ)/¯
Shooting a commercial tomorrow in Hollywood...
weres the turtle bowl!
hey :) friend visit me <3
It's been awhile since I watched the #ChrisDuhonTravelDance...I need my fix
Some exciting new products are in the pipeline. What you find most annoying about typing on the iPad keyboard?
Watching the movie and then the special features on the Goonies DVD is a great way to listen to Cyndi Lauper's "Good Enough" on repeat
#LAStageTalks Don gave shout out to bitter lemons.
Nick Blackburn is playing the role of Mike Maroth
Best way to describe the current strike zone of Mike Winters: cold.
That's only one of the things I want to do to you. ;-)
Leah Lang sharing about EDUCAUSE's Data, Research, and Analytics (DRA) efforts
I am really enjoying the "American Masters" show on Johnny Carson.
ik he's actually HOT now. Like mature Matej hot lol
Lmfao..u just notice it was princeton's bday wow.... SMH..
Milwaukee businesses, what are you doing to keep up with the challenging business environment?
you just are
Entrepreneurial Lesson #8: The ends not only don't justify the means, they don't justify the work. The work justifies the work.
I love you as much as my cat loves urine-soaked litter.
#lehmantech presentation on VoiceThread - I definitely want to test it too
I kinda, sorta, just a tiny bit, miss oomf lol
Are there plans to sell your products at Target?? I'm not near a Wal-Mart but would like to buy your products.
By the time you choose seats, they are gone. Then "encountered issue sorry" message. Switched browsers..see y'all in Bethel :)
I like it - smiling, Thx
Officially masturbating while driving is called "banging a U-ey." Thanks JC
Happy Friday Huskies! Congratulations to Everyone who is Graduating Today!
Stop, you're like a 12 year old kid who hasn't even hit puberty yet. Stop taking pictures of your "abs" and posting them on Facebook.
It's also a way for me to dig into the pile of raw cookbooks I have on my desk, which haven't gotten any attention and should.
Looking for a student or a parent who takes online classes to interview. If you can help, please email
#FF ! He is always first with the #FF. I am talking 12:22AM. That is what we call
If you spend more time angry than happy, get it together, you can't blame EVERYTHING on everyone else.
the card game?????
Lol alright. Sounds good!
ATTN WEBMASTER, You can do ONE thing that will help the cause of children orphaned by AIDS, pls put a link on your site to www.dreamfarm.us
Haha. Our starting Mike.
When the hot guy in school likes you >>>>
PRACTICE WHAT YOU PREACH 😚😚😚
So my 2,000th tweet goes out to my bros and Y'all my bros.
Continuing discussion of #ppaca case at #SCOTUS from star-studded panel
yes we are going to go I can't fully work twitter yet are you getting my messages? Because I'm excited for us to get our tequila
Those were the days-minus "Shugah" RT : Talking about Giant African Land Snails and their takeover of Candy Cane lake's island
the weirdest things trend on twitter. honestly. lol
If you have ever had a massage, let us know how it helped you. Thanks.
Ugh - not a good way to start the day! Hope it gets better
Magician Harry Maurer is playing the Improv in Houston next week. Refer 3 friends and get 21 magic tricks free! www.improv.hmmagic.com
HEAR WHAT JESUS SAID HE CAME TO DO (Luke 19:10) "For the Son of Man has come to seek and to save that which was lost." #Sir Court
I cannot get less than 12 emails in my inbox no matter what I do. Why. Oh well. I'm over it. An awesome weekend starts now!!!
ESPN announcer just used strong , athletic and Plumlee brothers in same sentence.
WSJ: Fears Over Spain Drag Down European Shares - Wall Street Journal
it's just awkward now... Lol everyone is tweeting him..
Steady sippin' n' blowin' on reggae bush :D
Ladies and gents, our very own music director, performing with the moth!
Collaboration allows me to highlight the wonderful talents of so many artisans and craftsmen - love doing this!
12 Buck Thursday! Only $12 for Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens...add on Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for only $5!
Well… I mean at least its hump day?? - Doesn't that account for anything anymore?
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1993 in the #Peanuts comic strip, #CharlieBrown hit his first home run.
Mine too!
": "By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before." - Edwin Elliot
I totally remember now what and where it is..
I'm about 150 in but I aint mad though...RT : I'm mad. Bout to do pushups til my chest explodes B.
*Chokes on air* what the?!
my hair tho. touching my back and scaring the shit out of my ever 5 seconds. =|
Times are changin' lol RT : I'm the only one taking notes on paper?
Error loading Tweets....
What a day!
We got hacked! Sorry for any inconvenience Got it under control. Disclaimer - WAB would never send a message with the text LMAO in it.
I know the feeling I just work on one task at a time and do it as quickly as possible
I just want a real good hamburger.
I think the females are turning into men and the men into bitches. Smh ....Sign of the Times
Oh no, i've been mortally wounded by your brilliant, thoughtful response. I'm now going to call my Congressman to complain.
there is no age limit it's just so we know.
#HappyHalloween, tweeps! Have a great day!!
Bells please tweet me in French LOVE YOU please :) You are my life you are beautiful funny Talented ♥ Love You So much♥♥
Not if they are made correctly.
MN Governor signs bill to build $975 million #Viking Stadium; target opening 2016. (ESPN)
Enroute to Phil for meetings with and good eats at and maybe La Calaca Feliz and Dandelion
I dont know..Tyler's crazy and thinks dirty thoughts
thanks for having us! you were great tonight, too!
Who would've known id be super good at throwing chinese stars. Half ninja????
RT Please don't adjust my belt while in my office.
My back and feet are killing me I need a whole day off to do nothing!!!! Lol
Well I'm about ready to release my World Cup tickets back to FIFA. I just don't think I can afford to go this time around.
Hey There G_I ! Thanks! Let me know what you need, or what I need to do, That would be wonderful!
"I'm allowed to keep biting you as long as I am processing why I am biting you." awesome quote from class today
Question who uses twitter more males or females?
An hour later and I burn my tongue AGAIN! Don't know whether to say thank you or damn you Thermos.
"Winter is coming" well, when its 39 degrees outside I think we can pretty much skip to "winter is here"
"i'm talking about 45 second farting champion ripped (pun intended) from youtube. experimental music can also fit."
No homework! Yay! Finally a day to chill, cook, paint and read. Like this is a miracle.
I'm calling relish
ok, no biggie
..or kept an inventory of! :)
The kidnapping of Anderson Cooper bit was very confusing.
The Garden is IN!
RANGERS BABY!!
5 hours to go, if you want to grab $1k worth of free goodies (including a gift from us) with #1 Amazon internet marketing book The Social...
So I've been thinking a lot lately (scaring huh?) but why is being the color of a paper bag considered sexy?
Website up and running. Download music 4 free @ www.harkerwolfley.com
thanks to you for making time to meet with us and join in the bowling festivities! hope you got some sleep!
So who wants to see The Avengers in DBOX? Let's do this!
made nauseating pancakes for mom due to almond milk not regular, coconut flour,wet ricotta not dry..etc. she loved it anyway! mymom is love.
Thanks Krisy! So glad you liked our SNL spot! :):)
can't wait till the 2nd new episode of from your season tonight at 8. Counting down till then! An hour left ahh!!
Tough loss Heels. Glad to see you guys didn't blame your loss on the refs. NC State on the other hand........
Scott disick is the biggest douche bag ive ever seen!! hes the only definition of worthless douche bag
They have a nice texture - no fibers - and have a nice taste.
struggles of a Black fatherhood
maybe.. As long as you're not playing that rock and roll crap
This massive snow storm is just about over, so... Parking is free and beers are cold come down & celebrate open mics BDAY!
I wonder if the Girls Gone Wild bus would attract an entirely different type of woman if they painted a topless Jane Austen on the side.
fecal transplants are all the rage.
#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex sex therapy
Happy Halloween
This Ramma Lamma shit's gonna give me tinnitus!
Not cool, Clara Parkes! Now I need cake...
Thanks for both of these!
Yeah, I have for a long time. Ahaha. :P
dm me bout some music shit real quick
Big free throws coming up
I think my favorite food is bacon
But my chain's so bright ray charles might see
Granicus' uses Google's Prediction API to perform sentiment analysis of comments on some issue, summarize.
Design a logo for 20th anniversary and you can win free gym membership. E-mail it to to win!
I may drop down to that, seeing as I don't use mobile or offline... Thank you!
Mall of America tomorrow!!!!!
Thank you sir!
3 F16's just flew over my neighborhood. Wow! Totally gave me goosebumps. So proud to be from the USA.
If my nigga was here ..trust me you would've known it
Playing in a school combo in Elmhurst tonight! Playing drums with great people is the best way to celebrate a birthday.
anything else would be 300 + for diamonds
I'm a total slacker at the office, but I get my work done so fast I have time to burn! But you are right, I crave earth.
which girl? can u send me a link to her account or something?
Green jobs pitch coming anytime......
"I can't ask something of you without giving something of me"- on value of social interactions like the birthday RT
Some interesting commercials. Chryslers ad last year = great, this years felt like a rerun...
And again, to conflate black anger with black hatred is to miss it -- utterly and completely.
M sake sno cones! RT Gin martinis are great, start with these easy sippers first, though
That Was A Nice Walk .
