Now I can't be helpful if I just "yes" everything that comes along and if we do not submit suggestions. [1943]
Your kinda cute(;
exactly, but we just need to remind ourselves that if it's meant to be it will be and things happen for a reason
"I call everyone 'darling' because I can't remember their names." - Zsa Zsa Gabor
You can ignore my previous tweet, I got the statement.
the only reason i still go down memory lane is to run into you.
I'll have a new micro story up this weekend for everyones' viewing pleasure. Hope everyone has a great week. Its off to bed for now...
anyone live in stockholm?
"I open at the close" suddenly has an all new meaning.
I remember #whenitwascoolto post comments on MySpace
There is HOPE America!!
please stop trying to do comedy.
When the world says, “Give up,” Hope whispers, “Try it one more time."
your website looks bad on iPad.
Go Cry me a river.
daddy is daddy...smh... and court fa what???
Hmm...we rented Mission Impossible 4...
Time to squeeze in a #NIST #Biometrics standards session from before heading back to DC. Hasta luego, Miami.
Cause you were my homie, lover, and friend. <3
Madison is goin DOWN this weekend. Just wanted to put that out there.
Madchen Amick's guest appearance this weekend has prompted me to rewatch Twin Peaks, for the first time since I was 10...
The majority of women at the WH Correspondents dinner could have used your help. Have DC women heard of Spanx?
Money make the world go round. I honestly think its not the route of all evil.
Limited minutes? Or no PT for Duncan/Parker?
You guys sound... affordable!
it's not open 😢 so I gotta settle for sharks .
I could honestly blow dry my hair for an hour and it'd still be soaked.
": How do we get funding into #socent ? #smwreuters" how about from retail investors? making that happen
nice! I'm from Houston but I'm going to university in New Hampshire. Do you go to Canada a lot?
My father on my new Jeremy Scott/Linda Farrow Mickey Mouse sunglasses: "You look like a bug!" (Perfect)
I hate when I question myself whether this is worth it or not.
#YouKnowICareWhen I stay up all night for you.
Nice ass
I know! It is all thanks to because he peer pressured me into joining. Too bad you are not headed this way
JLB is a finalist for WMZQ's Battle of the Bands for a chance to open for Miranda Lambert at WMZQ Fest!!! Stay tuned for Battle info!
okkkayy well idk! (; haha ill talk to him about when he was a jerk too me
Just saw FELA! at Music Hall in Detroit.
L.A. BAKERS!!! They place is in the kitchen not on the court!!!
Expo hall open at #RSAC! Come to 2751 and see a demo of adaptive federation with for strong auth
Im straight out of school my graduation day on next monday
On my way to tonight's festivities with ! Pics of my outfit and more tomorrow!
well go do it then
Thank you for the RT! Much appreciated. God Bless you : )
I was bout to say y Yo pic up side down
#HomeSweetHome...if only I didn't have to get back to reality in the morning
Congrats on the Arena! your the man KJ!
I probably live like less than half a hour from Shealeigh, but I still haven't met her. :(
thx, will do! I speak no real German, so I wd need extra time to set up the family.
Thank you, Mr. Hier, 6th grade, for encouraging our creative writing & letting us play chess during recess.
Getting ready to lead worship at Evangelical Covenant in Massachusetts. Wonderful family of God!
Haha who was at lunch talking about it
ohmygoodness. :D do u remember me?? Lol
Thanks, Mike! What else would you be interested in seeing on our blog?
Looking forward to this powerful full moon tomorrow!
mystyle Shop-It List: Red Edition These are the red things we want to buy these holidays... 1. Structure It: Make Me Chic Flap Dress to
More details on Newt's proposed moon-base. a) He will build it himself. b) Without oxygen. #Newt's
Anyone have any contacts/partners in the biz opp/work from home industry? We've got a client that has a great offer for that community...
hahah ops! back out not black out
Would you follow me? I play guitar. And I play along to most of your covers! Follow me!
In Target shopping place is empty on nov 24.I guess waiting for black Friday?
Good morning Monday
I'll let you and figure it out then.
Im a dirty girl *spongebobvoice
Something about you makes me smile
RT Never forget the moments you want to last for life.
yehh the steelers are gonna win anyways:)
Steeler Pride tomorrow! Steel City Pregame Show at the Gateway Clipper. Check out the Go Fast Pass by the Football Toss!
Every time you stop a school, you’ll have to build a jail. ~Mark Twain
Things don't turn up in this world, until somebody turns them up-James A. Garfield.
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy
Everytime i say how excited i am about the #WinterClassic ppl look at me like i'm fucking insane. I hope #UGA gets smoked today
if i dnt chase dick i certainly aint gonna chase yu.
RT : Q1) Curation is becoming a buzzword, it needs more planning and strategy than just repurposing.
#govchristie #mayor cory booker great you tube video
Grinding out these last 4 hours to get to Nashville
Looking forward to giving a keynote address on "Writing Across the Disciplines: English Variation in the Classroom" at tomorrow!
I also knew how good he was.
For one (hopefully two) nights only... #Goalvechkin Bandwagoning this mother. Need a day or two off.
Haven't heard on the movement check out www.sustainablehouston.org. When we are all able to #slgt and #buylocal everyone benefits!
oh my
let's work!
Almost time for stickam can't wait :D
I'll report back with empirical findings. (i.e. is it or is it not amazing and delicious?) ;-)
aww boo, going to miss it, already had plans
yep. Mine went away when I disable the Smush.It plugin but now I can't upload anything bc of a site migration!
Get ready, folks! Tune into youtube this summer for a Strugglin, Not Starvin episode with the lovely !! #a_time_to_cook!
fmr NC Rep Arthur Williams (D-turned-R) has requested a runoff in NC House District 6 against Mattie Lawson (R)
That dress looks amazing on you Lori! Congratulations!
roll over crash. We
Another dream from last night: had to beat out for the role of Jeff Winger on Community.
Where the #baJisus is ??????
Something cool: go to google and search for "let it snow" ... then way a few seconds.
Big steals. Big plays. Let's do this Jayhawks!!
RT : Don't forget $ for the lightrail! 3.50$ for an all day pass.
is at her last A's game. Sad!!!
Can't wait to see my brother's we finna turn up!
What u doing
House hunting with B-Rea, X-Rea, and Mama Rea. ;-)
Keeping it clean & professional is a job in itself.
I just got a ice bucket for a gift!
I hold in my pee as long as I can. It's too cold outside. YUCK!
If you're the other person involved in a bad sex session you don't have the right to point the finger (you sucked just as bad)
How often do u get 2 Atlanta?BIG Fan of ur work and I would luv 2 have u apart of a educational event!
That's too bad - but I know what you mean. I look forward to seeing what you come up with!
We can do more than these rappers put here Lol
Join Saturday, May 5 for their Cinco de Mayo bash!
yesterday was quite dramatic... i think my mom is on the verge of a nervous brake down =(
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 85k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x3
RT : RT : No one should lose a job because they are sick. Does support #paidsickdays and the...
I love and Temple Run.
Office Olympics update: Curling is about to begin
that's why I love the guy. :)
Apogee drivers, you are the suck.
Yeah... Thats One Of The Reasons I Started Listening To Him! Its Really Hard To Find A Singer That Doesnt!
T. Mills was just on MTV, wtf?
OU sweeps Baylor; the craziness continues! National Top 8 Seeds shake up again!!
Have a story or article to share about an incredible service or therapy animal? Contact us and we'll post it! Email:
is tonight at Hydrate! With & Resident Dj Semaj. House Music in Boystown will never Die!
today blissfully brought me coffee, Snow White (umm DREAM!), beer, soccer, groovin!!, Evelyn and more coffee....now.i.crash. :)
A kinked neck. Worst feeling ever!!
he said bye
I told you, I'm problematic.
If you got a face tattoo I would actually hate you.
right at our finger tips!
OH I WANT TO DANCE WITH SOMEBODY. WITH SOMEBODY WHO LOVES ME
EVERYONE. If we gain 100 followers tonight one of our owners will go streaking through campus. LITTLE 500! Please RT!!
ok following :)
Tim Tebow is a class act guy regardless of faith. This still is a team sport, all egos aside. He will add as a great backup.
that's good!:) ur almost there
Go Patriots!! Nice way to end the half!! We love NY but we LOVE the NE Patriots MORE!! #Superbowl #Patriots ~author, I Love You More
Thanks everyone who has streamed or downloaded our first single "Long Island's Dead!"
Lord thank you for having us in alignment with Yourself! We bless every "Agent" used to move us into new dimensions!
Swat Cats my nigga.
it was
Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but rather a manner of traveling.
TY new followers
To all the hipsters and righties who think all this #kony stuff is propaganda... well yeah. THAT'S the point. Same method new message.
So bored, no ones at the farmers market /;
At the Providence Hospital 2012 Gala. The only thing missing is a Ward 5 Councilmember and or candidates.
Blink 182 ;P
Dear Twitter. I tell you everything.
can we get some college basketball talk?
Yea, they got like the 24th pick
is there a Website?
d'aww que cute
We had fun anyway! lol #BratWho ??
"A Man Is Not Old Until Regrets Take the Place of Dreams"
Oxygen Magnesium(OMg), is it 6p yet?!?! #leggo Longhorns!! #hookem!!
It's the last #FF of the year: Enjoy the rest of the old year!
Same is going on in LoDo!!
“ Working on getting and on the team! Lets make big moves! More info coming soon...”
Cannot believe #everydaysunshine won't be on PBS station in DC area! Come on Feb 1 so I can buy on iTunes!
ok how are you
#Giants are getting ready to win this game!!!!!
/Of 100,000 kids, 11.8 are like to get type 2 diabetes, 2700 are likely to develop an eating disorder. Let's just focus on loving ourselves?
I feel so dead. 6 hrs of paintings...with one 30min break in between. I just stopped.
The book is on it's way! Enjoy.
Wow. Nice job. Car to share any pointers?
Any parties coming up?! Ask us about having it on Fridays , & Sat <3 to help out!
is good company, y'all. Especially when topics include: 3rd wave Ska, comics, and New media.
ugh no one cares how u wanna do ur hair for prom u chunti hoodrats ugh ugh
Yes--check it out in the article. Boston Consulting Group alumni big at Broad. What's up in Camden? Shoot me an email
That's our favorite Talking Heads song. There's a grainy video of Byrne on stage singing it w/ the Arcade Fire after Funeral came out.
~lee boreed. --' tweet me niqqas...c;
when I'm finished with them I'll bring them to you !
Kobe time
so jealous lol
it's a family of Brazilian restaurants, but the first in Colorado. Excited to be here
This weekend is devoted to Marcus Luttrell's forthcoming book SERVICE. The rest of you will have to wait until May!
I'm actually a wuss about movies, I can read anything but seeing it in front of me on a screen is another matter...
At least there won't be a repeat of the last time...
Driving to Chester for WSOPC on Monday and me need to know where to get a room Suggestion?
Power outage on our street. Awesome.
SAY MY PANTS!
I love meeting other sets of twins...
My mother attacks me for food hahaha oh being home
you rock :)
Science test tomorrow #FUCK Im failing that class
the butts in
She�s my teacher, my adviser, my greatest inspiration. ~ Whitney Houston
It was a nice idea, too bad it didn't actually WORK~
TRUE! TRUE!
Free baseball at Wrigley
make matters worst, someone had a blow out and their tire knocked out the scoop from my cayman.
Thanks! Im watching it now while i wait!
Congrats Chelsea. Very cool.
Hey thanks for following. ;)
Heard if you not getting money 10 different ways in America, you bullshittn.
Happy 2 Impactful #Speaking Groups graduated today. Sad I wont see them on a regular basis...planning #alumni workshops! Congrats grads!
looking for a job is exhausting...I can't wait for #baseball season to start again
mad love and respect to my trainer'@ crossfitcle aaron,adam,jeff,dan and julie!!!! train hard or go home!!!!
Just got the best welcome e-mail for the new position I'll begin tomorrow!! Cannot wait!!
I hear that!
Looking forward to seeing your recommedations soon!!
Dancing with the star <3 go Rob....
very cool, have fun!! let's get together soon!
Join some of us Winos tomorrow night at for their #PasoRobles Tasting 5-8pm. 39 wines for $5! Can't beat it...
New stuff coming real soon, I promise! Just be patient guys, it'll be worth the wait!
can't wait to see you tonight! :) ready to celebrate our month-a-versary in chicago? Ha
they are really good books
u weren't champs last year for nothing. The bling ring should be weighing the hand down. Hahahaha
Except when he doesn't post it. RT Mayweather hits the flush on the river. Every. Freaking. Time.
And this the life we chose, workin' all night swear I'm never goin' broke.
#G2G School is starting!
We rap better, look better, now give me a semmich!
RT : The girls are answering this 3 minute question right now: I cherish, love & respect myself by... Try it out for you!
Idiots talk about what they've been told.Average ppl talk about what they have seen.Smart ppl talk about what they kno after carefulresearch
greed is not the way.
Trained with best teachers including - Drs. Pierre Fournier, Jeffry Klein, Marco Gasparotti, Alberto Goldman, H.Y. Lee and Hartmut Meyer.
'Sleeping to dream about you & I'm so damn tired of having to live without you...' z"
Geez, with his last name, you'd think he'd have sent pics of ANYTHING but what he did. Impeach for stupidity!
Pretty good :) Just meeting new people and getting followers. you?
Every marriage has its painful moments. With my advice, you can turn those moments into "growing pains".
I guess so. Very strange and displeasing. Sorry you got it too.
it's very brave of you to share this. are you going to have nightmares?
Peyton Manning to sign with Denver Broncos...
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
So...I would have paid $20 alone to hear Carolyn Perteet's rendition of 'Don't Know Why' tonight Absolutely stunning.
S/o to one of my detroit fans, ily baby girl
Sorry u can't make it but congrats on the opening!
It's not realistic to seek what you don't believe in. Believe in your dreams to take the proper steps to achieve them
needs to play Wow. Been too long!!!!!
We follow
I sware ihate wen ppl.walk around playing their music on their phones , loud ! Likee
Like big tuck once said... this is the texas takeova! lol Thank god for you metal heads still keeping it alive! Defenders of the faith
I'm serious.
No gift to your mother can ever equal her gift to you- "LIFE." Happy Mother's Day my Twitter family and friends~BAMM.
Do Patriots have to start using timeouts now? Me hopes so.
the siri commercial is adorable -- make me want a siri
Wow! You may be coming the farthest distance, I don't think we're expecting too many folks from out of state.
Hey chefs, enhance your butchery skills & learn how to get the most product out of an animal with Tia Harrison from
Lol, I don't like her.
After the second olive I have decided they weren't gonna taste any better.... only only gets worse...lmao
Is there one New Year baby flying around on Dec 31 in celebration or many? I can't stop thinking how often babies pee and crap...
Girl is going to shank me when she finds out I've been stealing her chocolate milk. So good in the coffee, though.
Thx! It was fun! MT #FF to Whose Ballot is it Anyway stars for gettin' up on stage!
Poster presentations: much more nerve-wracking than papers bc of the interactivity; gotta be on top of evythng. Bring this to the humanities
I LOVED it! How's Nashville? I really want to visit!!!
D.Rose, Dumervil, Faried Throwback(huh?), Magic, English, Gasol Spain and one very, very snig Birdman t-shirt jersey on a portly young man
I have so so much to tell you katie. Please please please call
Thanks for letting me know about that!
THE AVENGERS was fantastic. Whedon crushed it, guys. It's everything you're hoping for.
Wondering what steps should be taken towards finding a home for me and my child. Pretty new at this
I hate it when optimizing a short, tidy, brute-force, slow algorithm also has the side effect of making it long and aesthetically bloated.
You better get to planning, gurl! Lol
The husb. is currently working on his presentation for Emma's class tomorrow. I think this is stressing him more.
Woot - it's contract day at Elon! Always nice to know you've got a job next year.
hey sexy!
Yes, that is the program of that we were talking about. Absolutely something to promote.
Happy Mother's Day to all our Miami Moms! Thank you for making this a great city in so many ways. ;-}
it was said to Heidi Montag :P
I totally lied, I feel like I'm slowly dying inside, just hearing me saying "I'm okay" out loud makes it worse.
I do. Wow, when was that? I remember American Madness being good, but I'm drawing a blank on Dirigible.
And now into the mix comes "rehearsal 4 days a week". #overbooked First rehearsal today for THE UNDERPANTS at BRLT.
Please do!
its so cold today!
Your killin' me!
Can't do anything right
Is anyone else going to the Xfactor tour?:)
All of our Easter Merchandise is now 50% OFF... did you forget anything for tomorrow?
Great day to cuddle and watch a movie :)
thanks sir! :)
That picture is currently on my wall <3
RT: Follow for live coverage #HR910 - a bill that would allow unlimited amounts of carbon pollution in our air
I'm having one of those days, I ready to get my hair braided up, I need a break from my hair maybe... I'll get a frohawk hmm....
On to the next one
Good Luck! I'll be listening :p
LOL I am not a fool. She is from New Orleans. She is crazy
I guess we're both missing out on the opportunity to have things happen there that stay there.
You never believed me when i said and i never believe you when you say i love you.
This #editorsmeeting sounds amazing. Keep the hits coming.
lol you'll be fine as long as you're not a complete idiot
thinks some people play the victim so well!!!
probably made about $300 today too. holy shit I love summer. hahaha
Hi, aren't you with the ADL Academic Co-Lab in Madison? We met at iFest last year. You work with mobility?
My buddy got one, and he says it crashes constantly, and regrets buying it.
You homie hop and then expect some sympathy ? .. thats
I just had sex with (;
😲 thanks. it just feels so wrong.
im beyond busy!
Oh no! Madonna's daughter was caught smoking! Call the police! God some of your topics are a little rtaded lol
That is a solid idea as well. Although I've spent a lot of hours in that space. Was hoping to go somewhere new-ish.
"Time sets the stage; fate writes the script; but only we may choose our character." - Liam Thomas Ryder
Twitter, you and I need to talk.
i need to see the hunger games desperatley!!
FINAL #Mem 90 #Clippers 88 & #Clips are headed to #Memphis TIP OFF 10 am (PST) on #ABC-TV. #GoCLIPPERS!!!
NY is great as always enroute there as we speak, how's the youngster ?
Wisconsin state elections officials plan to go to court this week to get extension for review of Wis. Gov. Walker recall signatures
Well, that would be awesome, but I won't hold my breath! ;) Looking forward to hearing more about !
yall dont need to work out! Yall both in great shape :)
sadly, no.
he may fit that 6th man role
Love that show!
I think you'll find there to be a few more redeeming things than Joe Rogan if you watch a few more...
My mom always gets butthurt at me...
Thanks for the follow !
Victory is mine. Found the tiny hole in my thermarest, averting further gradual-onset rocky cold nights.
- AND EVERYTHING, WHETHER AWARE OR NOT, FULFILLS GOD'S PURPOSE.
Dude - you're the best reality show host in the business. You're my vote for the new host of "X Factor!"
This Boy im suppose to be talkin to Been messin with Alecia ._____________. like wtf!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks! Rage is going to be a great game, I've loved working on it
Eventually... hopefully i`ll find a guy who isn`t an asshole, ugh
brought 2 beautiful people into the world and
and the Browns.
Off to pick up my new headshots from Kyle Zimmerman Photography. Really liked their service.
I'll only say this about Devils fans: the Rangers, Flyers, Habs, Bruins or Wings never held a "don't invade our building" campaign.
they call me Absters... :P everyone calls me that now because of Andy -abbie
looks like a great read! Thanks Larry!
#IndiansKidsClubhouse the Social Dudes will be there to check it out tomorrow also
fuck you pussy!
cool. Thanks
The Swedish part of my family was, I think, the most recent to come over to the US (the Irish parts were here by mid-1800s).
So hot I'm about to strip down naked on the F train
I feel like that would be an Amazing friendship that would last forever. Id feel almost unworthy haha
God gave me you for the ups and downs. God gave me you for the days I'm down.
is selling locally made dog treats go see for yourself at easton towns center!
they r as good! I even end up buying colors I don't normally because when you blend them they are gorg & unique
Last night at the dinner table I explained James II's "warming pan baby" to my Mom. Just call it the original "Birther" controversy.
Mae West’s 1926 play "Sex," the story of a Montreal prostitute, ran 4 a yr before NY charged the theater w/ lewdness & corruption of youth.
Nobodys PERFECT Unless Your Barbie Dont Judge anyone " *.*
You hurt me but I still love you.
Easter Specials<3 Available for Men & Women. Weaves, Updos, Braids, Flat Irons, MakeUp Artist, Full Mens Barber&more! Make your appts now!
creepy would be a good word for it Lol.
That's an $11 billion boost to the couch potato industry.
Have a BLAST!
Thanks for mentioning us, Daniel. we are very proud of the truly remarkable exit!
You made my day (you know the cops were secretly hoping for ANY reason to bring Batman back to station)
I love
There was a time that "git push heroku master" would have sounded to me like code words that spys use to ID one another.
I guess you know me too well Prima ;)
Kevin Durant is the most clutch player in the NBA
thanks for a great webinar: "Six Weeks to Launch." The template for planning a launch was very helpful.
Fucken idiot did something stupid to the building tht it set off the fire alarm... my sickness was going away..now its gonna get worse.-_-
You can borrow my Shake Weight,
I'm sure I was already freaking him out with my giant glee face, a camera would ave made him run away lol!
I gave +K on cuz he asked and he'll be returning the favor and then some. Thanks, Ben
People say they real but dnt show it.
excited about adding video pins ~ more choices for students to "pin" and organize their research!
Please let it rain
were doctors!
Didn't the "First Down Line"on TV used to be blue? Now it's yellow. WTF??
Miss Congeniality is on!
Sports crossover? Yes, that was #CarlEdwards in that Ford commercial. You can follow this NASCAR star via
I hope everyone is safe from tornadoes tonight and hope Joplin and other affected areas are feeling all of our support.
paramore and muse are my favorite bands ever!!
cultural studies, a degree where the only thing you can do is to teach others to have the same worthless degree
HoneyBadger don't give a shit about a heisman trophy
1/24/1777 to W. Livingston:Under good Officers, not only render real Service as Soldiers but protect, instead of distressing the Inhabitants
what you doing??
We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
I hate junk mail tweets!
how about milwaukee please. i hate waiting years to see people.
Great decision by Ty not taking the 3 and taking the easy 2
Gonna have one of those insanely productive days! so much shit to do.
RT : As #AmericanU would tell you, when you know something forwards and backwards, you're a wonk.
I got a lump of coal this year... Yes!!
I think I'm going to bake some Snickerdoodles. :D
some consolation: great parties 2 go 2 Sat & Sun
Thank you for all the RTs and mentions this week!
Surrender time tonight get ready... Just use my name @ guestlist for free admission Travis Sosa Only
welcome to twitter!!
Moving day Part 1 tomorrow.
Had a wonderful interview today ! Hoping for some good news!
That day was way too much much haha. Miss you too, hope youre enjoying Barce!
Welcome to LELC! =)
Interesting. How many podcast titles do you try get through in a week?
your the man Steve have a great weekend
I know. I thought that was a little harsh. You can punish the guy, but destroying the phone is a bit extreme.
I don't like drama I stay out of it, people don't need to know my business
TELL YOUR FRIENDS TO FOLLOW today and you could win FREE LAP DANCES! To lazy to type? Fri. March 23rd Free Lap Dance Day!
Thank you #Irene! my flight for #df11 is officially cancelled.
Kia runs a takeover on Y! Sports today, but doesn't utilize any NBA IP. Missed opportunity.
I bet you want tht mangosteen
April 26 is Custom Appreciation Day at ! Join us from 4-8 pm for demonstrations by experts on must-have new spring products.
I'm sure you did fine boss
3 and a half hours playing soccer in the rain is always my favorite way to spend my Sunday morning lol
Westchester putting a wrap on it up 21 with 5 minutes to go
finally got out of the hospital on the 12th...was there longer than the doc planned. Still trying to recoop and get used to some new meds.
1 million iPads sold in less than a month. The iPhone took twice as long to reach the same sales numbers. Looking forward to seeing the G3.
Couldn't country hop this time, so did something more immediate and accessible. how's my cali boy
Great meeting this afternoon with to discuss Housing Matters campaign. www.HousingMattersSD.org
either i need another new charger or my computer has officially gotten "old"...
RT Why do social media? It's your museum-YOU tell US why u should be doing social media. Otherwise you're wasting time/$
Just got off of work...tired af right now 😒
wow lol i am speechless
what up , you got alot of troops in the Atl, black man.
ACM Rocks Bricktown is tomorrow! We teamed up with for the stage: , & more
"GATOR'S BITCHES BETTER BE WEARIN' JIMMYS" was the other guys this funny the first time i saw it?
#thatawkwardmoment when doesn't know that people will love his video <3
absolutely! Extremely exited when into the double digits ...
Rock chalk at the shores! Only Kansan here.. hurry up guys
Thanks dude!
thanks! We miss you
now you know who your true friends are and who are not :)
I need a DJ "name" though
Terrible no call, but the Mav's PP is anenic. No pressure and no sustained play. #one&done
Not enough social #hash tags for #superbowlXLVI interaction. It is 2012!!!
obviously you're invited!
It worked! This means my adopted dad was Native American. Solved THAT mystery!
- on the Star Trek Holodeck: "Are they in that room? Don't they have a room on that ship, where they can pretend things?"
will do Gayla! Hope all well!
Emergency feral cat relocation last night. Hope Munk & Miles r adjusting 2 their new home. Thankful 4 folks who step up to help
ye they were in ny n were on a new icrly called i go one direction and on saturday night live, snl takes place in ny so ya
Visit us at Graciesbag.net for the latest savings! Don't miss the latest savings subscribe to our site for the latest updates!!
Just gettin in from private Nelly concert Event..Remy knows how to throw a party!'
we did, unfortunately. our apologies for spamming your inbox. we have corrected the problem, *fingers crossed*.
There's still time to donate gently used books to Jen's Little Free Library. Help get books into kids' hands this summer....
Listening to the new demo of "Stay" w/
Will we get to see the new haircut anytime soon:-)
We've been listening to your covers and originals, great music! Let us know if you want to check out our studio!
Going flying today
Happy national grilled cheese month*! Celebrate by #volunteering with us! *grilled cheese not provided
Still In School D:
To my mom ... I miss you always. You taught me so much about life, love and charity. My work is dedicated to you. I love you mom!
Very true! Give me ideas to be better!
EVERYWHERE i turn they're telling me another celebrity is pregnant #stophavingsex just stop it! lol
RT this to wish a happy bday!!
john wouldn't blame me at all
Thanks Robbie! Twitter doesn't seem like the same place it used to be...
can a original #baddbitch get a deal?
Gotta game tonight playin goalie best be playing like holtby
I'll go but not if there are any dick jokes.
Congrats to the Buffs on their road win! You beat Utah and horrible officiating at the same time.
glad you're a fan too :)
why does that not surprise me. :-)
You're welcome. And thank you for all the incredible work you do for folks who suffered a stroke.
Watch Fourth Tron Uprising Trailer!
Kevin Kolb offers great value in fantasy because he can be drafted as a QB2 and he has a great shot at posting QB1 numbers
I have an appointment or booking every day this week. It's going to be a busy one. Back to the grind I go.
thank you Morgan :)
Love You Too Babe :)
With less than a minute to go, down by 1, misses two free throws.
Maloofs = Assclowns. Someone cue up that montage they made when the deal was struck the first time.
the battery life or life expectancy and which one were you planning on getting?
Pretty impressed with my airfare purchase skills of $166RT home for Easter! Combo of #Delta #SWA maybe my calling?
yes, please! You around on the 19th? It's my graduation, so we'll be eatin' and drinkin', no big party, just hanging out.
Buck needs to quit horses and start teaching crustpunks how to be cool to their dogs.
Taking notes... 😁 RT : she spends 5 hours a day tending to her face....
Haha I thot u meant my post I sent u
I feel really bad for the chick from the ultra savage ... cut her some slack guys it is ULTRA its not like you werent on something.
#FF and thans for following us!
Hey great to meet u too. We look forward to all that's ahead!
King Kenny out at LFC. Should be an interesting hire process to follow in the coming weeks.
Hooray! May the wind be at your back.
if you ever wondered why you always get with the wrong girls..check and see if you have dirt under your nails, women like clean men
Testing my 5th fish recipe of the day. Pretty soon I'm going to grow gills!
If you would like us to market your product/service/business or yourself, contact us at .
how in the world did that happen? LOL
BEAUTIFUL LADIES!!
Oh cool we can have OUR gym back now :)
Is it still open ??? Can adults make groceries and play with bubbles there too ?? #serious tweet RT : childrens museum?
It's really hard to take any professional serious when they sound exactly like Napoleon Dynamite.
A verry merry unbirthday to you.
Thoroughly enjoying Marilyn Manson's new Christmas album.
Attached for a starring role in an independent feature film that shoots in Big Bear for three weeks in September. More info to come. :-)
20 Jumping Jacks followed by 15 Push Ups! Yes. You. CAN!
I haven't had a Honey Bun in so long.
We have just changed our Facebook page to Timeline... it's pretty cool, come and take a look :)
what Up with this ride to porm and too kingisland
no way
thank you and see you tonight 😁😁😁
Thanks buddy!!
writing thank you letters for last week's trip to charlotte, then cranking out a presentation on the confederate flag for tomorrow.
Waiting < to not wait
Sexual abuse against children is most often perpetrated by a friend/relative. Be vigilant.
heading over to visit Kimberly @ Simply Desserts to pick up some sweet treats for a birthday cookout this afternoon!
“: Doc Emerick is the man” (makes the game enjoyable)
Not too bad. Did a little running around today. Now I'm home for good, I hope :)
Junior member when we saw travis barker at the blokc
Did a lot better on the presentation than I thought we were gonna do..
What possesses echofon to have these wack ads popping up
All chem teachers love you..
- For the world tour… is America included … every American's are wondering if you'd go there b/c you'd been their recently?
Alshon jeffery welcome to chi town! great move emery!
At the public library...today it seems like a normal place
Pray for all those girls and leaders going on the retreat tonight! They need our prayers!
: I would rather YOU follow ME. Bhaha
We are just opening our doors Today!
no u mad
Two down, 160 more to go.
Twitter is the new facebook . Well thats the only way you can talk too bitches (;
lmaoo they be goin at it.. u should have called me.
mine might say JIGGY
Interesting thing I've noticed in this job. Execs want more information than is necessary where I prefer as little extra info as possible.
the viewing asked if Karl is drunk right now and 81% said yes
Really excited to see Freddy Couples has a share of the lead in It'll be tough to hold on but I'd love to see him win.
Of course. Screech comes in rubbing her stomach.
Tell us more about how that would work... Is there a software that automatically mutes TV or iPhone when sports news start?
Tough loss for the #RedSox as they lose 1-0 to Blue Jays on walk-off homer in the 11th. Beckett didn't make it of 4th inning due to injury.
you are a very wise man, unlike
And it's a nice night to be outside. :-)
Not gonna be on twitter for a while.
Talking to robots, more and more are attracted. It's all so strange.
A REAL RELATIONSHIP: has fights, trust, faith, tears, pain, argument, patience, secrets, jealousy & LOVE!
Isn't it sad when flight delays are the norm instead of the exception
While they may start out doing it for the candy, they soon become captivated with the idea of
I just saw Laurie from that 70's show's mugshot and holy shit...
On the OTHER hand, the Hispanic population has EXPLODED in the last 10 years, so how long do you continue to call a majority a minority?
setting up physical display space for dml creations - wonder if we will get people who are confident enough to ask to display
I gotta say, I've come to feel real good about my recorded voice. Here's hoping that one day I'll feel this good about pics & video!
You can suck my diznick!!!
Celebs Party And Go Hippie Chic At Coachella Music Festival
thank you, thank you thurr sexy ((;
Hey, check your DM for my meetup suggestion
Demonstrate to the company what you can offer them in advertising for there donation. Should be 3-4 advertising benefits
hell yea!
something that you need , sometimes want ... YOU KNOW
dats wuss up i sent you a email also.. im having difficulties buying the ones i want
that lady cray. So frustrating.
That Buy India a Library project you did? So full of #love. Keep it up!
I wanna be vegetarian, this includes not eat Seafood? I do not eat meat, chicken and fish. please reply me :) <3.
m 1/2 natural chocolate. Not really interested in what the non natural 50% contains
skip stop with the cowboys. Remember you said the giants we're the worst team in the NFC east last year in pre season. LOL
Let me tell ya what happens when you turn 50 young tweeters. AARP ads, bunyons and too many dear friends dying. Go eat, drink and be merry.
you're welcome.. I aw trying to come out there but no one was going to take me that far sowwy
The check is in the mail. Sorry it didn't go out yesterday - busy day!
school tomorroow:( bed son.
Checked into the Mayflower and watching Star Wars (until the game starts obvi )! Thanks !!! You're the best.
Someone asks if we could offer a weekly Christian Rap/Hip Hop show on What do you think?
Charter Internet is faster than the Internet at home
need 2 add Mobli App. It's truly great.
It takes skill to trip over flat surfaces...
I've been trying to sleep for 30 minutes. This isnt working lol
Looking for an audience? Wanna be part of one? We have Open Mic nights every Tuesday and Wednesday. Come on down!
Ehhhh is this spam?
which game?
Online booking is up and running again. YAY! Click the "Book Your Massage" tab to the left to check it out...
Lawrence* Sorry.
Coffee at clc makes my morning. 💜😊
my teacher said we could request a song. I automatically thought of I'm tasty, Then he said it had to be school appropriate.
There's no worse feeling than sleeping with socks on.
TURN TO YOU, You are such a huge inspiration..
Can anyone recommend a very reliable brand for USB flash drives?
Marcy Massura on growing communities and managing the community managers.
I am working on this goddamn book, no time for love Dr Jones
So often time it happens, we all live our life in chains, and we never even know we have the key. ~The Eagles
Free yoga in Schenley Plaza today at noon. It's a beautiful day for it!
is delivering the goods on Facebook marketing & analytics / engagement at right now!
also hope Ware goes and they keep Scott and Brown. And watch: They'll pick up a TE from the Packers who are loaded with 'em.
#FF Go see their last 2 shows of The Invisible Man/Jekyll & Hyde tonight and Sat, 7:30p at the Alchemist Theatre!!!
#FF #BridgeDay | Tomorrow Fayetteville becomes one of the state's largest and most adrenaline filled cities,
Buying #Chronicle today on blu-ray!!!
Heat fans who thought they'd sweep Pacers should check to see how Pacers only had 4 less wins, in a harder division.
To the a-hole who stole my catalytic converter while I worked I hope you get cancer from the precious metals! Or at least drop it on ur toe
Maybe this explains the slow Internet on campus...
Are my fellow Chicagoans ready for the NATO Summit next weekend
right? I can hardly believe it myself.
you taking off on twitter bruh.
Not for nothin' but it is what it is.-
did PM call you? I'm wrapping up YL while you deal with the group seating onslaught. Let me know if you need me.
If you don't like the ICONic boyz, you should just unfollow me now.
Hey Seth, how about Scott Cherry for GMU coach? Great name, by the way.
Happy mothers day 2 dat pregnant mom who wuz found dead in her apartment
I say Obama leaves at halftime!
That one's good too, but I was thinking of Make Some Noise.
Oh good point!!! Shoot. I will fix.
i am so sorry!!!! how about we go now????
Currently or all-time? Currently, obviously first. All-time, somewhere in the 4-7 range.
Goodnight, Des Moines. I'll love you forever.
on KUOW right now!
Thank you!
People are still doing the thing where they pretend a good NCAA team could beat an NBA team? I thought we moved past this.
Na jonesy is at least capable of human emotions
get of that damn game
alright the feed is open like . . nevermind.
Come in today for $1.50 Mexican beer!!!! Also bring the kiddos for kids eat free!!!
Glad it made it! Enjoy and have a beer for me.
Do you think today's events put the sell-out streak at the RG at risk?
Aww! Give him a happy birthday hug from me, too. :)
Happy Halloween everybody!! Don't gain gain alot of weight lol :)
Indeed it is! :)
Today is my birthday also  happy birthday!
#LetsMove Flash Workouts have been a worldwide success thanks you all! Big surprise COMING SOON -- get ready! RETWEET!
Thanks for the #FF mentions & !
Went 2 COMIKAZI comic convention LA Convention Center today.Marina Sirtis/Counselor Deanna Troi was there & addressed me as YOUNG MAN:)
On the 16th is 's birthday! Wish I could celebrate with her..Love u Janet!!
Eating my Klondike!! :)
your welcome. Good night!
hoping to be able to talk to pierre omidyar, plans to reduce emission needs an investor
Why does everyone seem to think all decisions should be made by politicians and voters? We have courts for a reason.
I might have something until 5--I'll give you a ring after that!
Shooting at Marlowe and Camp Greene #clt #cltnews Pray for the families and victim.
The world is heavily influenced..
RT My married co-worker just showed me his Ashley Madison account. #NoTurningBackNow // Ugh
whtever u never called me after the mall!!!!! mala!
Now, That was a subtle message....lol
Resistance to #SOPA proves coordinated citizen effort can defeat MSM who ignored it; we can rally and spread truth- ppl dont trust MSM
i just listen to that song.
Why are U highlighting the WashTimes, a right-wing paper w/no journalistic integrity, or facts?
KNOW WHAT IM SAYIN “: I spit more rhymes than a lazy Susan and i'm innocent till' my guilt is proven... peace. #JRocBaby”
so true :)
Just in case I forget tomorrow is
Wanna lose a boner fast? 3 words: Sex With Oprah
yeah that might be a bit difficult...
moment of terror in boxing. Tyson/Spinks fight. Tyson hit his gloves together (at start of round one). Spinks nearly collapses in fright!
Thank you!!
14 more people go follow :)
Anyone else in metrowest Boston on Comcast having slow internet? Traceroute shows 2-3 seconds per hop and speed tests show just ~3000kbps
ditto...can't believe it's only 7pm now!
True, our feet don't gain weight, but the heavier we women get, the harder it is for us to handle wearing high heels. It hurts!
I loved playing on the road in college. No better feeling than a silent gym. Wish I could play tonight! 2:15 to tip-off.
So we're running from a skunk in my neighborhood and all I can think is, "Please don't spray me in my sweats!"
Countdown to the opening of the exhibit #canyouwalkaway on Feb 17! 10 more days! #slavery,
agreed. And the speed and the quality hence my notion of learning to-the-power of 'e' - enable, extend and enhance learning
Hey! What's your schedule like today 4/9...
It's because I love him that I'll destroy anyone who tries to take him. <3
There is plenty of speculation about how #facebook #timeline for brands will look and function. Any predictions?
No limits are set to the ascent of man, and to each and everyone the highest stands open. Here it is only your personal choice that...
i think ella is the only one having any fun
Thanks to everyone who came out to support me but most importantly thanks to my LFL RB.
well, looks like ill be going to semi alone!(:
Enjoying the new Pavement Sea album
OK aha
I called you back i miss you bae tata gone Dahmir with her and nana gone so are you go be home tonight
I didn't think you could outdo the pic in the UK jersey, but WOW!...beautiful!
can people plz follow me
He A
Not yet, we'll be sending those emails out after all applications are in and reviewed.
No sign of end to Europe's debt crisis, despite various proposals & market optimism. There's no leadership, as different interests squabble.
CNBC finally switched to hockey (PDX). What happened for the first hour? But no sound yet.
You are capable of far greater things than you realize. You know it deep in your head already. Pull your feet from the mud and go.
does the navy test for PEDs?
Strippergate star Ralph Inzunza has a date for his bail review July 1st before Judge Miller--pack a toothbrush?
same sex marriage means you and ur wife like the same positions!!!
Scottish or Icelandic
I'm going to bed love you guys good night and good morning
Eye Empire.
I wouldn't throw out the family lore without looking at more evidence beyond the one original source. What fun!!!
fuck you :/ I wanna weigh less
we really are though. oh well, more fun for us.
Cyborg Santos suspended 1 yr for steroid use? This is an outrage!! I would never guess that in a million years.
Be sure to check out the story on Ingrid in the October issue of !!
That 1 thing that makes you special, you know, the thing bullies bug u about, well the bullies wish they had it.
I am so sorry for your lose.
Possible no-no going on. 6 outs to go.
Q3 we have a "quiet room" in the office for that and other activities so no sleeping that I know of in our little library.
Will definitely be back for another soon! :)
#HarryPotter and the #DeathlyHallows comes out friday; the premiere was awesome (a saturday night well spent at home!)
FORTY-NINERS HOME GAME
freestyle friday
awe i love your pic! Haha
haha. I had to come double check. My last visit is a little blurry.
There are no podcasts from March in my backlog. Onward to April!
One day I'll tell you some fascinating espionage gossip. When you grow up inside the Beltway, there are some crazy stories.
well thanks! I appreciate that!
Check on your neighbors, esp. older or disabled people. Share up-to-date info and if they need emergency help, call 9-1-1.
I love a good thunderstorm.
They're both full of rich substance and satisfying stories that assume intelligence in viewers. Unfortunately the viewer didn't reciprocate.
no one cares anymore, relax
Don't blame me. RT WOW. : #Broncos inactives: Bailey, Dumervil, Lloyd, Moreno, D. Thomas, M. Thomas, Williams
My favorite song of 2011 is
Put that wiz khalifa Color in the front of ya'll head
I love how all activity is about the Pens
“: the Humming Herder is going to change your night ~ Piscología pisco, lavender, Bitter End Moroccan bitters, lemon, nutmeg.”
Don't forget, we have a FREE LUNCH for a lucky friend when he hit Facebook "like" number 100. Pass the word!
“: One million memories, ten thousand inside jokes, one hundred shared secrets, one reason: Best friends”👯
Engagement requires personalization beyond features/benefits. Tell stories about your customers and how your product fits their lifestyle.
'Sometimes God says, "No, wait." This is very difficult to accept. We prefer, "Yes, now."' Bill Oudemolen
My point was, the reform in Mass. did not solve the problem, just renamed it. If you are going to make change -then change!
gracias, for including Mary Oishi's title SPIRIT BIRDS THEY TOLD me in the holiday guide, out now.
BJORK has a new song out called Virus, it’s an extended metaphor discussing love’s likeness to a virus, which needs a host to propagate.
Have you caught any of our cool high school nicknames? If not check-out #hsnicknames. Neat stuff light Poco Dots & Mars Fightin Planets.
glad to join you on tweeter :)
People talk bout what guys need to do for a relatonship but a relatonshp has 2 people So why isnt there anything bout what girls need to do?
You are perfect.
Maybe I'll ask my roomies for baking tips
Oomfs Says The Cutest Stuff To Me <3
Free for #Vegas locals before 1am!
Go bucks I will always back Terrelle Pryor, if I could sell my autograph on a sweaty jockstrap and make 200$ when I can't have a job I would
Shut down west and we'll kill you with the rest
I can't even remember what I used to do in traffic before the iPhone
Gotten? Is that from the makers of it has already been broughten?
Awesome panel. Audience is already responding. Now we're discussing the disconnect with mentors btwn millennials and boomers
They might want to lower ticket prices if it is JLS.
I'm tired of being tired.
Yeah...many curry pastes have fish sauce &/or shrimp paste in them. We get one that doesn't (Aroy-D), but restaurants? crap shoot.
Just getting on and trying to figure out twitter
thank you for the encouragment.
you doing camden?
Tell me you saw it at the Mall of America
everybody follow my lil bro plzz he really needs followers he is loosing his mind lol
"wow that bad: Me and phones don't get along at all good thing I got insurance"
aren't reunions the best?!
same. Just music :)
and I didn't get a ticket:'(
is by far the sweetest guy ever!
would you like to tell us what you're reading for friday's "what are you reading?" post? hello(at)youplusmedesign(dot)com!
Hark I'm pumping iron now so I don't look like a big wide cow. When I'm done I'll drink hot chocolate though without marshmallows now.
I'm one of those people who can't settle for mediocrity. I need full on crash-and-burn failure. /via
Really 2 days before my birthday...😣
can you stop by douglass hs tomorrow between 330-715...hoopfest hosted by coach burg
Misheard lyric: she wears an Egyptian wig, it sparkles before she sleeps. Know the song?
i cant DM you back because youre not following me...but i'm open to ideas for collab. we have an historic property.
I got really excited because I saw a spiderman book and I banged my head on the rack trying to get it ):
Sending tweets in school cuz its new to you
when i worked in cataloging, i once wrote to an educational dvd company with corrections to all the typos on the packaging
That's great, I'll check it out. I have several patients with fibromyalgia.
i have lots of extremely attractive followers, hollllaaa
Wow! You have 5 #JAMposters, we are so glad you like Ella and Frank. Thanks for keeping #Jazz alive!
lol thx for the love! You are gorgeous btw!! ;)
I wish!
catless??? Nobody should ever be catless! Would u like to borrow one of mine?
app called pic stitch
#Imagine you're crying in your room. Then Niall walks in. He says nothing. He holds you tight and gives you a soft kiss on the lips.
Sometimes when I think about kittens, I get all emotional because it reminds me that one day we are all going to die, much like your kittens
S/O to the newest additions 2
Rev. Lennox Yearwood, hip hop caucus, re: states' new voting laws. "This is our lunch counter moment."
Doing #longnails then #taking them off #because they tick
Who can say if I've been changed for the better, but because I knew you I have been changed for good.
It's TOO early!!!
Right. Although, I have a clean shirt (for now).
The smell of a sharpie...
LMFAO. THIS JOKE I JUST HEARD ABOUT WANTING TO BE TEXAN, lol no, texas is like THE WORST state in the US. it sucks ass.
a day with only one meeting? could it be? something's not right....
you know it!!!!!!!!! So psyched for Promosaurus!
Mmhmm. I decided I can never live anywhere without a Container Store and Trader Joe's.
Love my new friends, and 😘
So apparently my brother waited on Amy Winehouse's parents tonight at the Pub.
Standing in the middle of our cold-a-sack looking for my momma to drive down the hill. I start school in 10 min
Thanks for entering the #KeyToBlackKeys Giveaway! Winners announced tomorrow morning on Twitter at 9 AM! Good Luck!
Great stuff, ladies! Thx for wisdom!
hard to find locals... training now with Mistress Susan now as her pet kitti kathy
hahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahaha !!! gothca el oh el!!!! :p
Taking in some museums, a baseball game... you know, the usual ;-) RT Bueller!!! Where have you been!?
Great streak ! RT : #Brewers John Axford's consecutive saves streak ends at 49, fourth in MLB history.
lets get this SOH project popin!
What's your favorite Jewish blog? What's your favorite blog of any kind?
Shot a huge comedy scene last night with Pancho Molar and his friend Joe. Great fun, but hard work.
Cool, I'll give it a read, thanks for the pass along.
I googled a picture of george bush the other day and my brother do kinda look like him lmao
Has a cactus ever rubbed up against you?
that brings the cool! #Smbme glad your team is here!
"Buzzword" is officially a buzzword, did you know that?
Average length of a coat hanger when straightened: 44 inches
that or like you, scoured the earth for perfect names for my kids.
RT : A3: to put it simply, "getting in to the wrong stuff". This statement can be applied to most, if not all, religions.
So glad that its raining. What a cozy day.
A triumph! We should do it again and again!
I hate my phone with a passion
I love me some Terry RT : I will become a fan of whatever team Terry Francona manages next
One Time
was amazing at Book and Stage at the Cosmopolitan tonight!
Are we playing inter-league already?!?! Damn time flies.
well, well, well. The vice president has finally made it to the Twitter
On the road again. Get ready Dallas.
I Hate him .
I LOVE YOU
RT engadget Samsung Galaxy Tab P1000 gets wild with Android 2.2: Recognize those bits and bobs? By now you should....
No prob. I did, hat tip to you good sir.
Is it too early to complain that Spring failed to arrive to the NW while I was gone? I'm doing it anyhow. Commence whining session.
with the current state of med and tech in this field, how long do you think it will take?
“: #Leos tend to communicate their feeling and thoughts with humor.” so true
In War: Resolution. In Defeat: Defiance. In Victory: Magnanimity. In Peace: Goodwill. -Sir Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill
"Reinvention is the key to longevity." Now Whirlpool story at
I can meet with you tomorrow re:
good job bb. good luck on your boards!
i think that jewish/holocaust jokes are hilarous..and frankly i dont give a fuck,
So when did the "Freedom Tower" become "One World Trade Center"?
Ur the loudest crowd so far! We won't let the rain stop us! Never! Thx to all the beautiful signs u made
Wow...LOL loving the Madonna / Elton John / Gaga Feud! Thoughts?!
I can't go over how adorable my background is, ok. I'm sorry.
Finishing paperwork. Getting ready for the weekend!!
Yes, is usually on it! Stephen Elliott raves, too. Gotta be something to such diverse sources of praise =)
Unfortunately, her participation in PRINCE OF BROADWAY means that Sierra Boggess will not be apart of REBECCA.
RT : I'm tired of mo'fuckas saying they worried about me when the fact is they probably never gave a fuck about me.
do I have a choice?
CBS live video feed alert: ‘We now take you to Indianapolis where the Baltimore Colts have fired their coach…’ Gotta love non-sports people!
Mavs-Bulls Final?
once again you're wrong. Tebow
Small choices we make every day can have a major impact on our health. Customize Taco Time’s menu items with light and healthy options.
I agree! I'm a reader at Actor's Key, and I love running his workshops. SO actor friendly!
myfault if I got down on U wasn't my purpose! Friend! Either way I wasn't judging!
Anybod modeling or know models tht wanna be in a music video ( nothin degrading)
what's?? I want some
wow. headache. not as bad as I thought it would be.
Checking the inside covers of my deathly hallows book to make sure it wasn't all a dream :)
getting contact drunk from the alcohol fumes from the guy next to me.
Took the role of a grandma....the fun of ghost blogging. Next the role of a realtor :)
My weekend might be spent going to the rave friday night and MetalFest saturday :D gotta see
This is nacho your regular night - it's 1/2 price burger night!
So my findings are indeed correct, just about everywhere!
RT I wish Steve Zahn was calling the game instead of Gregg Zaun
Scary stuff going on at - Be safe !!!
hope ur doing good at home! Just checking up on u!!! miss u at school! :(
How to Maximize Your Home Office Tax Deductions
3 steps to healthy skin: cleansing, skin toners, and moisturizers to hydrate and protect skin.
Honestly, the week was really bad. Got a cold on Sunday. Started new job Monday 5x/wk. Continued tutoring JK. Teaching at night, too.
Good ones! Thanks.
I really am Luca Brasi. Guess nobody told you.
that pan better have been buttered cause I sho didn't see in the kitchen witchu!!!
I need a real good woman in my life
OK go ahead and talk crap about me but u need to learn how to keep your legs shut and your mouth quiet.
Hey Aaron, I know we were going to get together. Send me a message and we can reschedule. Family stuff is under control again.
Look up the song Play Dead :)
: "In Soviet Russia, coke snorts you".
I can't believe we have to wait a week haha this is going to be so annoying
The suspends builds.
Web browser deployable and high performance? I am open to other technology choices. What do you prefer?
EyreAffair: Do we win free registration? ;-)
RT : There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. - Colin Powell
I really need to just buckle down for the next two weeks but instead I keep taking early evening naps...
I do not want to work today....
and banana leaves definitely impart flavor. Will be really interesting. Like a cooler stuffed cabbage!
I couldn't read it very well, I tried google translate but it failed:')<3
ya'll all soft like limp dick
"If you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big." -Donald Trump.
once again, provides excellent public radio coverage of maxwell fire in Lefthand, while CPR remains slave to its NPR schedule.
Hahaha.... It would be an epic series... never fails to be anything but
Nope. No bowling next week.
The time is ripe for a web-based chametz auction system. This market has gone without proper price discovery for too long.
We've Only Just Begun
Thanks to all of our 11 preferred caterers for bringing such delicious food tonight!
At work gone end up doing 11 hours Today Goodbye Summer but Hello $$$$ LOL
Gel shellac manicure & pedicure $38. Pearl location. 5032244099. ;-)
Wait, why is A-Train trending if he doesn't wrestle anymore.....
Producers that changed my life... #jaydee, God bless
thank you sissy!! Love you!!
“: How do you enhance your best feature? #OneQuickQuestion” black liquid liner everyday
Even though it's a dreary day out, I'm feeling some positive vibes.
According to dems you can't put a price on democracy. Really? Since when do they care about that? Democracy means voting not BS recalls.
On a porch full of skynyrd, beer, and cigarettes. I feel like I should be somewhere more south of MD right now.
nothing much just getting ready for school n u :)
have fun my friend
If i were to leave yo life...thangs wouldn't be the same.
How bout them bucks!!
exactly, similar as to why we whistle or hum
The Good Stuff - Kenny Chesney
Who am I? (Sometimes we want to be something we are not )
Buford does alot more than just hit big threes for OSU. Many loose balls and some big rebs today.
Off The Clock Bar & Grill is proud to be featuring Rehorst Vodka & Gin through the end of September. $4 Tall cocktails!
yes me too too many is too much
Thanks so much to Media Mikes for posting about our film!
I'm glad you didn't end up like Arnst.
Holiday giving results: 46%, Ronald McDonald House 34%, Red Cross 20%. No one loses. Thanks for the Tweets!
Last I heard, an erection is NOT a medical necessity.
smells like burning in the office!
dear starbucks, thank you so much for the free drink! I'm super glad we're friends :)
might be food allergies. I used to get sick all the time then found out I was allergic to a few foods. Removing them fixed it.
HA! last weeks #community is amazing!
That WAS rather brilliant of me, yes?
Basketball tomorrow...basketball everyday. Love it.
sounds like being stubborn to me
lol Its funny
Glad to hear you like it! This SunBelt Oats & Honey Chewy Granola Bar > > > > >
what is that ? lol
u aint gotta computer with a web cam
I'm sorry I didn't tweet you back yesterday :) <33
Cousin Nicki who has been battling a vicious cancer for almost 2 years has taken a turn for the worse with a brain bleed that is inoperable.
u put the hook on the jam yet?
DONE. Thank the Good Lord.
time to start networking...recording artist/engineer/video director/photographer....ima make it out somehow
Done and done!
MLK would have turned 80 last week had he not been assasinated. That's th same age as Joyce Sneed, who pulled up a chair in a friend's y ...
dc is a bandwagon sports town... If they keep winning people will start going
Swingfest 2010 has 3 pools for even more crazy excitement! Each pool will have its own sponsors and contest, and DJ’s will rock each pool!
Last question!
Hes doing that shady thing where he tries to exclude someone Im the target this time
It doesn't show much of "The Clock" but it does prove that BBC news coverage of the arts can be just as cheesy as American coverage.
better it happen now. They'll be fine. Their bench could use a few more games like last night.
Sounds good!
including your own Mama....you couldn't do it with your own sperm, cause you have no balls (OSU football flop)
Thx! RT : check out our new friends , is you are a business in and around Miami - hit them up ..so to speak :)
What I do in my spare time: practicing warming up my voice by talking like Cat Valantine and trying to sing exactly like <3
Types of questions to ask. Objective, interpretive, decisional, reflective.
My son's team was killing these guys til Westerberg walked in. Get lost, Paul
hey sweetheart I ended up doing both u shoulda seen me I did 2massages and still made it to the show on time pimpen : )
It's just us against the world.
my tl is old
#IdTradeRomoFor a Kim and Kris Reunion!
I don't care if you care about time if you don't care about MY time!
thank you do much!!!
I'm heading to Providence to speak about at the Community Music Works Symposium on Music and the Civil Society
EVERYONE HAVE A GREAT HOLIDAY WEEKEND BE SAFE!!
Thanks for following and great job today at Praise and Progress.
We are all made out of atoms, nonliving material. In reality, everything is nonliving.
#childhoodsandwiches mayonnaise sandwiches
we tend to act like termites sometimes... writers are quite odd sometimes, i think you'll agree lol
Champions for Children sets Live Radio Show for April 28 - Palestine Herald Press
Working learners have to be on purpose to be successful.
get at me about custom scissors my co. Not a big box manufacturer done here in the US
One of these days, Mike, one of these days!
was my first friend here :) #Ha #LoveYou ;)
A colleague is recruiting participants in #SF for a study of men's clothing in the corporate workplace. If interested, DM me for details.
you could teach us how to be happier or how to self publish or how to use sm for business.
Robert Alford gave a fabulous reading of Kurt Hummel: aging fairy loved by older gay male viewers and women but not queer youth
Awesome RT (1267) In odd 'tax the Jews' angle, French Bishop agrees to protect Jews in return for 1/13 of shul seat-rental $.
I'll be there. See you Friday.
Fantastic, I have a pretty nasty sunburn from standing waiting in line today for 2 hours in the sun *sigh*
the day needs to have more hours! I cant get anything done anymore...=/
great stuff man. consider us fans!! do u see ours?
Just job Rod..
It's supposed to rain this week.... Can't wait.
Honey, this mirror isn't big enough for the two of us!
Still some really interesting questions that need answers...anyone up for some research? Carbon footprint of closed farms?
Goodnight wifey. RT : Done trying. Time for bed.✌
I just want a night game at home. Tailgating the early games is pointless. The middle ones is better
That is certainly a component but it involved a MLA member. :) RT : its the emerald city of course!
Tip #1:Kindle Books for Libraries: If your Kindle is 3G, but does not have wireless, you can transfer to title to your Kindle w/ USB cord.
Be nice to or he can move in with the Pug Posse!
HAPPY BDAY HANDSOME I LOVE U!!
Açaí pulp: A #remarkable concentration of antioxidants that help combat #prematureaging, with 10 times more #antioxidants than
#SpriteSlam Stacy Patton
Whenever one door closes, I hope one more opens
I'm in San Francisco to do a presentation.
Ok, if the dorky Disson skating shows continue, can we aim for a Jeremy Abbott, Muse special? Jeremy skating to Resistance would be great.
you make my day:) thank you<33
thanks! I'm not so great at design, but I was pretty proud of that
I really want to make a difference in people lives !
RT : Student/library collaborative at Indiana University pairs undergrads w/ librarians for #innovation projects
I am so f*cking sleepy...(-___-)z
Happy national siblings day to and !
never realized that i was actually thinking a lot about what being good means until recently
Thanks for joining us at Mount Sharon Gardens Mother's Day Tour!! 1800 visited! Proceeds to Preservationva & Boys & Girls Club Orange.
and with digital don't forget to use your camera date settings for same reason :)
- depends on one's decision criteria. In my world there are valid reasons to choose Java. Another scenario could differ
same! I'm glad we share that sentiment, pal. I've got two of him on a shelf here.
There's gonna be a whole lotta #flamenco going on in TX starting May 11th for Central Market's Passport Spain event!
If a Favre is sacked in the forest and no one is there to hear him scream, does he make a sound?
Thought I would just drop by and say hello since I have made a brief stopover in the Twitterverse.
thanks for hooking us all up at falling rock last night.
GOP Rep. Robin Vos on Walker budget cut plan: "These cuts are never easy, they’re not something we look forward to."
Watched documentary "Unfriendly Skies" twice. Airline Industry Analyst said that some airlines charge $15 for the first bag, worst move!
we very sensibly close between christmas and new year's. back with bushy tails and bright eyes on jan 2. babies welcome!
Good friends, very good books plus a drowsy conscience: this is the perfect life.
Just heard thunder on Christmas. Weird.
ooh cool what did she said abour mex? haha i love it
If your ringtone is a Black Eyed Peas song you have 4 seconds to answer before the entire office throws their stapler at you
Anyone out in Lowell, MA this Saturday, May 12th, #NY takes over! Madbeast and G.O.T.M The Worthen House! Covered by
I don't wanna see fannypak back on ABDC we already seen them I wanna see some new crews :/ #
Remember that hilarious April Fool's joke played on the public by the media? Neither do I.
Thank you! Excited for the opening party tonight!!
Let it be a loss!
now playing homie. let's party.
wishing I was at
The secret of happiness at work lies in one word: excellence. It is good that he enjoys it
IT'S GAMEDAY IN THE BLUEGRASS!
#catchingfire is blowing my mind!!! Started earlier this evening and now on page 188....gotta keep reading!!!
Interesting cover of New York Times magazine. Tiger - the reappearance.
I love that the history of this place is everywhere, our architecture is amazing, we just need to preserve it
maybe this makes me old, but who the eff is Karmin?
no heat bro!
Great places all around! What about riding down by the beach?
Hi...thank you so much. Very kind. (Just finished writing a book, too. Stay tuned. :-)
baby steps!
Interview in Sunday for a new job.. First time I've actually needed a job in three years
that sounds like a PERFECT idea love <3333
follow back pleease:)
Looking for a breast cancer survivor under 50 who is alive because of early detection.... E-mail me at
Ricardo you judgmental man
True friends say nice things behind your back not mean things.
I'm not positive, depends what time I leave work!
Already filled out the form! Thanks again.
good football weekend, all my teams won
And the subtweets begin.
Alum Board Chair Boyce Legg: "Stay involved and stay connected to Lynchburg College. There's never been a better time to be an alum."
Did I hear that scanner traffic right? Dane Co Hwy is sending a plow to free Gov. Walker, stuck on the far east side.
Trying to get to bed before 1am
Day 2 of #wcts12 underway with a moving keynote from Wakabayashi Masahiro 若林正丈 about Yeh Jung-chung 葉容鐘's life & impact on Taiwan history
AGREED. I WOULD LIKE TO CONGRATULATE HIM ON HIS FACE.
excellent! Let me know!
If you're sleeping on the #author #ColeHart you need to wake up. A-Town Veteran is his debut #streetlit #novel on#Amazon. Check it out.
Tomorrow is another day...
Where else can you go and shop for fun smelling absolutley tempting mouth watering Foot Scrubbys Did i mention 30 Flavors(scents) oops yumm!
where is spring its cold again in nyc
What a bunch of bs ...
T-T I can't say. But it would take a while to get to LA. :"( I really wanna see SHINee~
(cont.) a healthy mind and body. FOLLOW us on Twitter for more updates!
Carl Beane on his job as #RedSox PA announcer: "I could do this until I'm on the other side of the grass." Rest in peace, Carl.
Interview: Make the body-mouth connection for optimal health
Down 5-0 going into the bottom of the 7th.
S.W.A.G. - Sacrifice Will Achieve Greatness
Becuz its finals and teachers wanna give exams right before the final... WTF
That should apply to failed districts as well. Those who cant get acredited and those who perform at the bottom in thier state
Boa ... I got trust issues.. Fareal I need to stop
oh my gosh you are so sweet! What a compliment!! ps we're going out for drinks tomorrow night, you and Elise should join us!
Bama postman just traveled
tweet me if you want an ariana icon :)
At Mysteries to Die For, listening to discuss THE NEXT ONE TO FALL, talk about 3rd Lily Moore - and then a stand-alone!
I probably shouldn't write a story about someone writing a story. It's just all around bad news bears.
2012-Here's a clip of the boyfriend video. 2050-Here's another clip to the boyfriend video.
haha I just followed you I'm sorry
year strong just on today fm. Random surprise for the drive home haha :)
Congratulations to on the new book from all of the Conservatives (and your Liberal friends too...) in residence at
Wow! RT #hokiehealthcodeathon may have most outstanding group of prototypes seen at a #health2dev codeathon cc
If you could star in the movie remake of your choice, which part and movie would it be? Post here-
Leaders encourage others to think for themselves. -Sam Sheppard
Thanks! We're excited about it, too. Say hi to -- he built it. Please let us know if you have any feedback.
Love when people hire you to do a design then act like they are the designer ! why did you call me again if your going to do it?
Welcome to Twitter!
Enjoying this.. Like a good neighbor, Gloria is there!
We! RT hit the Candy Shop...$7 dances from some quality ladies.
Whatsup Robert?!?!? Did you have fun at prom??
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination ~ Tommy Lasorda
lol I think thats like 2:10 pm in my time. Hahha well I'm gonna go to sleep! Have a good day! :D
Pretty sure it costs a LOT of money.
that was a sad one. a noun...trying to modify another noun..."signifying nothing"
T1: Twitter is great tool to help nonprofits, like on Nov. 15 at #Twanksgiving tweetup!! ;)
#ithoughtyoulookedgood until I smelled you.
I love your icon on Twitter account with !
Off to SFO
