Free rentals this Thursday. Just head to their facebook page for the promo code.
What would you like for your birthday?(:
Will be back to my computer soon... Can you please send me a link? Also is your homepage configured like the demo?
Sometimes I just want to end everything. I lose the motivation to try anything. And right now I want to just pick up a razor and cut...
Get the fuck out of my business
You are huge in Weston.
Shouts to on #SongoftheYear!
I heard R Kelly has a tutorial video.
have you made any cocktails with Jin Ja? It's a delish ginger drink and I want to mix it with things!
Lying in bed still, just thinkin how many Democratic & Republican House Members & staff I have bagged in 'da bedroom
52 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
we'll have to organize a get together
I sure hope I don't have any LINt on my shirt
The Kanye singles are as if David Simon started making multi camera sitcoms with a laugh track. He's fully capable but it feels trivial.
Yes, you do! ;-) Are you following me? How did you know that I was even on Twitter/High School revisited?
they say the best things in life are free #lovedontcostathing (:
Is there really any better date than watching finals? L.O.V.E.
"Barbie: “Will I see you again?” | Ken: “I’ll see you tonight, in my dreams.” –Toy Story 3"
Headed out for drinks and dancing with some hot friends tonight.
2day is Awkward Moments day.Here's to hoping you didn't wake up w/a Leprechaun next to you & not knowing how they got there
yeah dude, we gonna skate?
Go cop that shit!!!
I haven't heard from in a while. I hope he's doing good. 😊❤
SLA is the only school where you can hear fighting in the hall and ask, "What are they filming?"
wow it's been so long!
because you barely use twitter and I retweet like a fiend. Also I was already aware that I'm a horrible person.
Downloaded security vision for iPad. Pretty cool. Looking fwd to implementing
taqueria ripon be rockin' all the selena hits right now. of course im singing along.
I couldn't either!
you spamming
no darlin, you're the best spontaneous date! So inspired by you!
RT : Yes! RT : It's Shop Local Saturday! Just do it!
Here are some suggestions for things you can do during these first few make-or-break-your-speech moments:
NO ONE CARES
Let me know when they come out. I'm a fellow drummer who also does covers.
I speak my mind because it hurts to bite my tongue.
Melo need to go for 40 just so this game can be interesting
I'll take that type of tech from Nene
Your just a boy you dont understand
An "MT" is a modified tweet. You use it if you need to change, add to, or shorten a tweet that you are retweeting.
apparently 'cup code' is something from the early days. Flipping cups over meant decaf, logo forward meant Capp.
Fuck me running! >:(
check your dms?
thanks for the follow.
Please check out my new blog for legal professionals; www.paralegal-illuminati.com
I've got them if you'd like to borrow No. 1.
Ah! Cellular saturation at #nytm. Please give us wifi !!!
Exciting news on some phone apps. Stay tuned, as we have been taking down your suggestions to make renting an instrument even easier!
Ratigan and Gregory......My soul is damage when I see or hear them fuckers...
I love and all, but I would rather watch Jersey Shore than sit through that movie just to see the boys. :/ Sorry.
Excited to go to Stone Fly Brewery tonight for Rehorst cocktails and some local brews!
Ever made a grilled cheese with Polly-O sticks?... nope? Me neither. Ha..
the seats on this bus are so comfortable. I really want one just like this for my house.
The Grey was awesome sauce. Contraband, Martha Marcy May, Take Shelter, Drive all at Redbox
BRING YOUR BEHIND DOWNSTAIRS MA'AM....I NEED TO LAUGH
At work feeling like going to bed thanks Precious
Disadvantage 6 of having a #deskjob: all this "busy-ness" doesn't seem to be turning into "business"
Clear2Go bottles w/ filters make excellent holiday gifts! Use promo code C2G2WIN at checkout on www.Clear2O.com for $3 off!
..lol I got you this sweet ass t-shirt w my face on it! Says My favorite bartender :p
Delusions of grandeur make me feel a lot better about myself. Jane Wagner
Blessed are the forgetful, for they get the best even of their blunders.
R U talking 2 Me 💅
was dope today :) too bad he lost $500 lol
i havee never been more cold before this moment.
do you know what the top camera used on Flickr is? hint: #stevejobs made it
Visit Flying Pie Pizzeria in all Portland-area locations today... 15% of all proceeds go to the BFT Foundation, helping kids.
Yes! Thank you! Gonna chk some of those out...
Totally agree! RT : good point. hence why it is refreshing finding clients that are looking ahead.
Where are my Hot and Sexy Miami mami's?
Good morning! Anyone headed out to Summerfest today?
cute icon :P
men's flats are called loafers
Dam this girls gettin it! #SheWorkOut!
Dinner break of Irish Open, down to 11kish from 20k at amazing table.
#icriedwhen they stopped airing the rugrats when i was young!
I'm thinking again of the dogs and the last of their sticks.
lol u got a cellphone no homo tho?
I can't sleep now, I shouldn't have tooken a 4 hour nap:/
.. will be releasing her 1st single "The Look" off of her debut CD December 14, 2010 www.cdbaby.com.
The foolish, greedy, and unjust always misuse and abuse power; consequently, they always lose power!
Svenson Hair boss indicted for fraud - Taipei Times
"Whaaaa, seriously? Rum balls? Really? Rum Balls?" "Yup, 2 for 3$" "They reek of booze" "Yup." "I'll take four, for here."
Wow so many tweets to read I love it! But.. I gotta get some work done too! Thanks for the follow all my tweet friends!
Do I think Kobe's hurt? Yes. Do I think he's also using this injury as an opportunity to tell Andrew Bynum he needs to grow up? Absolutely.
love your photos! very inspiring!
New subs in my room(:
Not going to get followed by but hopefully one day
no was meant to fly back this week but had to postpone as i hurt my knee again last week. Going to any other gigs ? X
I got your back. History major for two years!
thank you :-*
Dedication: RAYMOND TRUJILLO, We love and miss you and we carry you in our hearts everyday. -Your family
Michael B. Horn quote from APR20 webinar-All students learn, not on the same day and in their own way.
Interesting idea: Create a virtual IT "coffee shop" to stay connected professionally and personally.
If your in the DFW tell your followers about us!!!!!!
awww!haha so cute! i cant wait till belly can talk to me more!
hopefuly Andy can get his life together and email her. lol
Are Ya gonna go my way?! SWEET!
Need advice on packing for #ala11 - I'll be job hunting. Shouldn't dress too casual, right? I want to look professional. No shorts or sneaks
that was plain delightful
wouldn't that require a universally agreed on definition of "not crap"?
is in the midst of finalizing production contracts and finishing up some loose ends on the Jazz Fest... But very thankful for good friends..
Thanks for retweet!
I can't wait for all of Selly's new movies.
I learn by referring to it as somethin else. Which is sometimes bad. My memory is awful.
Wow thank you for using my phone for those stupid tweets!!
What is order when the world is so chaotic? How can I be American and stay Patriotic? #Influence the young and brain wash the elders
seriously!! I'm in Mayfair for inspection needing coffee and refuse DD
For where?! Good luck!
yep in weight! Check my TL and watch the footage of my lil cuz at DT.
>until a show is cancelD, it is filler because they got nothin' better. #Girls is not going down as a hit
No Patron please...on a Lap Dance Body strict regimen but I will Jam hard taking advice
ahahahahahahahahahaha oohhhgosshhhh! .......<- my in the car with my mom... Oh she says hi.
I love the debate, I just wish the WHAT WG wasn't so quick to brush aside what is the drastically more popular choice.
Um... why did you unfollow me from ? She's my bestie and I'd never do such a thing!
OH - Guy on Phone in store: "Your Facebook posts are pathetic. (pause) YOUR FACEBOOK POSTS ARE PATHETIC!"
I was surprised, and very happy, to see Lisa Lampanelli leave Celebrity Apprentice last night. Who would you like to see win?...
": "All of Me" Oscar Peterson." I meant tap fav!
If me and yu were "WE" what would it be like <3
I'm getting ready to record an interview with YNN on the Goodwill Goes Green program.
The best part of waking up is crack in my pipe.
RT : Dammit, people, use @ reply links properly so a link shows up in your response. It's too hard to eavesdrop otherwise.
Thanks for the RT ;-)
Our refrigerator is broken. And I thought no Wifi made me anxious.
Novel forms / once all the rage / are now the norm
That last tweet was regarding Pierce.
remember, you have to put fires out from now on, not use them to cook g's of p. at least not on the job.
#quotes #travel #explore A man travels the world in search of what he needs and returns home to find it. George Edward Moore
"We dare not trust our wit for making our house pleasant to our friend, so we buy ice cream." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Ew, I think I have a cold. :(
Being a control freak >
good summary. -sent from my lonely seat in the airport :(
HOTMAIL ANNOUNCES NEW LEVELS OF SERVICE: *HOTTERMAIL*, *REALLY HOTMAIL*, & *ARE YOU KIDDING ME THIS IS TOTALLY FUCKING HOTMAIL*
"Does this shirt make me look fat?" "No, your face does?"
FOLLOW ME I LOVE YOU GUYS<3
I'm in hurry to get things, I'm rushing rushing till life's no fun
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves. - Ray Kroc
wishing i was at the toyota center tonight to see
you going? I am heading out tomorrow
Is that the girl from The Ring in the background?
Stop with condescending wonka tweets... Shits not cute.
Best actor of all time from White chicks and more to The Expendables
i concur
Whoa!whoa! We got some #racism at the #redistricting hearing in #Miami. Referring to "hyphenated American."
If you see Peter Holt please tell him I want my money back. He can't keep it AND not make a deal with the players!
what was the name of the brian jack song you played this am?
Who's running with me in the Columbus Race for the Cure on May 19th?
Hope her son leave don't feel like talking to him and I try not to be mean
Dear Craig, Is Geoff dressing up for halloween? or just going naked?
McDonough attorney Drechsler emphasizing that phone records for defendants lack context about the frequency of calls.
Defining Addiction
my new favorite YouTube video? I AM A LADYBUG~
And do venture to Google with Topeka -- just check it out! bit.ly/937rCW
hahaha awww I'm just laughing because that's cute. I've been there!
Carnival festival and parade - Sun May 29th 9am to 6pm, San Francisco on the Mission - Sandy Perez Afro Cuban Folkloric, Samba Da, Pelle...
Besides holding your breath, what is the quickest way to cure hiccups??
I woke up and my first thought was about the Bali Retreat that I'm going to take in June. I'm super excited about it!
I hate showboating niggas
Making babies cry.
AMAZING! Our worlds colliding... thanks for all your support gang
ditto. My fav fashion night of the year!!!
I have been fighting off sleep for the past 14 hours ...5 more to go ..5 more to go!
I'm actually finding the #etgaga demo helpful in finding other employees.
Great news! You're welcome=) I believe in encouragement! Some say it's my gift
! Bout time ! Lmao an u aint no good
Im not going to want you for to long.....
This is weird:... Chemicals, n: Noxious substances from which modern foods are made. ~Author Unknown
Today's #CovertTU word: PAROLES - passwords to identify agents to each other.
Did you purchase property within the last 60 days? Call 410-608-3000 for FREE property tax analysis & find out how much you could be saving!
U need a side gig as a horrorfilm blogger!; Innkpr/KillList for sure. 'Martha Marcy...' was fave 'horror' of the season. U like?
we'll send you pictures of our gems that we find. It may range from mullets to fried chocolate on a stick!
#TwitterAfterDark I'm all about lickin & suck some pussy. Ride my face so hard I can't breathe
Where are you getting that??
he could imagine taking a long trip with her.
Good call. I get up to walk as much as possible when at the office. Can't handle siting for too long anyway
Worst part about #arthritis flare up: inability to hold a book for as long as I want to be reading it. may need a professional book holder.
in the studio with jazz pianist Steve Allee working on "Simply One" project... he is smoking!!!
FANCY huh ?!! R.Kelly . Nawww
Off to the art museum to snap a few pics then lunch with Wifey. Record heat today in the ATL too. Til later. . . .
hahaa that's so funny! Man that cracks me up!!! Man, you are funny. Wow. Lol omg! Lol omg!!!!
No no no no no no Mr. Suit.
#TrendingWorldWide i want thrive not just surive :D
Enjoy your night everyone, come back tomorrow & pick up any 2 top shelf grams for a low $30 donation! Strain of the day is LA Confidential!
Hi Marisol, I'll talk with you, and my audience can use a life filled with joy, abundance and centered in well-being principles.
im only addicted to 3 things in this world ciggs hooters and the braves
I love ... worth the yellow, buddy!
thanks! We ABSOLUTELY loved you guys. We'll be back!
He makes my ♥ skip a beat *6 more days till my birthday*
We are now offering a #salon booth for rent for all for licensed professional/freelance #beauticians ..Call us @ 559-761-0669 for details,
Now following !!!
She only exist fo my money
follow she is a true cenator and a cool girl
you're in the mattic? Can I come cuddle?
packed house!!
I plan on marrying someday. #Smart&Sexy
Blasting music through the mall<3
My 4 days old samsung galaxy s 2 took a shit and died last night. Not a happy camper.
Home in Cleveland for the holidays. I love a white Christmas!
every single night?? hahaha if that happened to me every night i wod probably be dead.
Perhaps will even agree to meet up with all his fellow UConn Alums after the game in Boston in February?
I wish i wasnt a retard
Would love to learn more about exhibit opportunities,
oh honey the gays party all summer. august is market days! just like pride but no parade and lots more liquor!
I think you've been hacked. Your twitter account is sending very spammy messages.
We are not one and the same
: Just like a nigga. Lol. Okay
I need to do this laundry.
would love to go to the World Cup especially in Brazil
Thanks for the RT!
thanks babe motivation 😘😘
ten mins in the dark at AMC Otay in Chula Vista theater #6 waiting for Hunger Games to start.you need to get faster repair service
Rep. Donald Payne of NJ, first black congressman in the state.
how can we remedy this?! Our favorite color is blue, and we like the Lion King. Can we be friends yet?
Okay - I was reading Twitter on iPad, copied a URL, and then turned to desktop and tried to paste. Hmm.
Sexy V-Day Photoshoot ..
the question isn't when does my hair look bad it's when doesn't my hair look bad.
Watching orphan. I wish I had a Russian accent.
what are your favorite shoes...
We are touring back out to Kansas in June, werent we just there?
maybe i'm just blabbering haha, but lately thats how i feel
Justin Bieber just had the "did she just say cums?" look on his face.
don't forget to send me your 120 character bio too :)
Oh, nothing terrible, just got some dry/chewey chicken in some quiche. Luckily it was all at the bottom, so I ate the top
its in New York City :)
thanks !!! i hope u like it .. follow me and ill follow back wen i get online
I loev Alka-Seltzer cold.. holy shit saving my life the last two days ..or am I just delusional ...oh farts
William Rotsler~ You cannot hold back a good laugh any more than you can the tide. Both are forces of nature.
Diahann Carroll was the first African-American actress to star in her own television series- InSpotter app
i hate it. i just play with the cards. lol.
The body however is not meant for sexual immorality but for the Lord & the Lord for the body 1 cor 6:14
“: Never fuck something that's down for life for something that's only down for 2nite!”
Guess who has 2 thumbs and is on Class Council? THIS GUY!
Ahee Bro Its his bed time Lol
FML, MY TEACHERS ARE MOVING UP TO 7TH GRADE-______- FUCKK, I MIGHT GET THEM AGAIN D;
Fired up for the start of the NBA season
Thanks to u and Kris for coming out
Green line northbound train was stopped between a few stations for a while, but no AT&T signal in the tunnel, so what ya gon' do?
: Correct. However, I do think that most intellectuals do.
Hi! I found tickets for $252 on 6/6, and so far that's the cheapest I've seen from prof site. Msg and I can send link :)
Anderson Signs is already starting to gear up for Dozer Day 2011!!!!
WHOA !That's awesome :)
Anyone heard about this Tupac hologram thing? Whats next-- a hologram of Rebecca Black? RT if you feel me
Has a Forge shirt on in his Avi but he's DEFINITLY going to BP .... hm lls ,
You all are so mean to me :(
David Beckham is married. You guys are sick.
yes, carvan of cruisers on the way to the peace officer memorial in london at 11 am.
Happy Mother's Day
Tonight I'm going to build something pretty ridiculously cool...
I'll let you guys have my copy. I'll give away the rest and keep you posted whenever the contest or event will be
Have you ever slept under a stack of radio logs on fireworks night?
I've learned a lot from my kids, even when they were very young. That was a surprise, never predicted it before kids.
speno let go??
Hangover 2 great movie
Why such a radical change, to 21 hours? How'd they come up with that number?
Cute friends.
Browns are on the clock and have turned in their card already. Welcome to Cleveland, Richardson!
haha good point by you.
need a schedule my friend. Don't forget it.
2-1 +20 units last night. Let's make some more money tonight!
“: Ku or uk who yall got??”--cats. Who you got?
The Beastie Boys basically invented the concept of the cool white person.
I LOVE women ... I just think men are superior thats all
Police say Junior Seau's girlfriend found him with gunshot wound to chest, say it appears to be suicide. AP
When you deal with someone that controlling they might just say they don't like it because they didn't think of it
I'd rather get a book for V-Day than an enormous teddy bear.
$76 raised for the Betty Mitchell colden scholarship fund tonight. Thats over $1500 so far!
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing
hahah I was sitting in the sun in a tank top (x
I miss you too.. we need to hang out a lot this summer, text me. <3
Did u know Haitians fought on our side in the American Revolution? There is a monument to them in Savannah, Ga.
on complete opposite poles when it comes to genres! LOL!
We just finalized #'s on a small project with a kick ass non-profit. Time for us to do our part to save the world. We will keep you posted.
I've just learned about retweets today, wondering how they work and then I found yr thts on them (i'm sla colleague)
While normal teenagers can't decide what party they should go to, Mahomies can't decide which flawless pic of Austin to put as their icon.
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: 4 betting and even 5 betting have become the "norm" now in everyday poker. Be ready and expect this level of raising.
Excellent session on mobile and TV Everywhere w and #digiday great lineup.
Another good quote from Day and Schoemaker's book "Peripheral Vision." "It is difficult to look further than you can see." W. Churchill
RT : tip: don't dress in a black skirt, knee highs & ankle boots as I did... it's the waitress uniform
diet Pepsi? Oh fuck no. Where's the #dietcoke?
thnx. think about it next time you order the Venti...
Happy New Year!
hey hun im already following, when u get a chance can u followback? it would be really cool thanks xo :)
so excited to have you as our social media partner for Real Law for Creative Entrepreneurs: The WRITERS ed!
Crowd chanting "who's park our park" as they enter Chapman Square
Murfreesboro, the new Brooklyn? several religions peacefully side by side :)
“For the master of woman is her husband.”...Oh New Testament, you so despicable
To change the culture of an institution, we have to think about changing the culture of faculty.
Finished editing just in time to get ready to usher for the play. The Flawed Dance will get one more pass through but not tonight.
A GOAL is the ongoing pursuit of a worthy objective until accomplished,
Hard drive crashed. Looks like I'm an official #spotify user now
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
sat at breakfast bar chatting with some #Brewers fans! Food was wonderful as always!
New phone (:
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place. ~ Zora Neale Hurston
Thanks for the RT!
Slept a lot longer than I anticipated today!! Thanks to my stomach hurting.. Thinking about cuddling up in bed with a book
2night the place 2 be is Bar(8800 broadway) No Cover all night! Dj Mystik in the mix. Peter Blue hosting the party. Dnt miss ...
If anyone in the is awake and is in Sociology 2, I would love you forever if you sent me the study guide questions.. I would pay you..
"How to love"
: “Dreams are today’s answers to tomorrow’s questions.” -Edgar Cayce
Wow, that was a little more expensive than I was expecting...
Glad to hear that you are doing well! Doing well. Working hard with the tax deadline coming up! I saw you are in Glamour ...
Growth chart and Poo Pourri heading out the door today to a fantastic customer!
Accessibility Camp DC planning meeting this evening. More info about Oct 9, 2010, event registration later in the week. via:
Enjoy ur show, it's nice seeing women being more powerful on TV. good job JOY!!!!!
|#quotes When you confront a problem you begin to solve it.
curry has been ordered. Thank you !
You're straight on front mode for someone who has done nothing for you..I hate when people try & show out. Just be you.
RT One Thing Im Serious About Is Keepin My Teeth Nice && Clean
Amen! RT or bus, rather... it's all good. I think we can agree that should not be our next pres...
You are as useless as a rubber break on a woodpecker..
hahaha. Aye mayne. I stay up north and I'm not talking about St Johns!
Right meow?
Headed to Jersey for the night and then NYC for the week!!
RT Wow... Such a dope weekend spent in AC ! Dinner and TOO MUCH FUN #EpicSaturdays!
Pats-Niners Super Bowl?
I guess that only time will tell who will be standing in the end. You put up a real good fight but I just know I'm gonna win.
UPDATING SITE WILL BE BACK UP SOON! THANX FOR ALL THE SUPPORT!
yes it's the best!
........ I love you too! <3,I still havnt had a slurpee :( how sad! haha
some parts are for sure!
Because of something you tweeted the other day. I don't exactly remember. :o
Your Welcome! :D
Shitty mood, I shall call upon the Crispin "gods" to mend my mood this evening.
yeah I know not since that first act
Totally jealous!
The standing ovation loses its power when EVERYONE gets a standing ovation.
If dane cook was my dentist i would go everyday. Dont matter my dentist is a hot red head
That's take off of work kind of news! I wish my parents kept me as well informed.
damn people are so shady.. smdh -.-
Novak would be the third best player on your nets roster RT : Steve Novak needs to relax
Good Morning!!! Will do :)
Neither should Target!!
you on here/any site available any way.
Interested in moving to the Atlanta, GA area? Let's chat! I have a C#.NET / SQL position $85-95k. plz RT. thx
great. im gonna be crying tonight.
alright I have all of the ingredients & I'm attempting to make the dip tonite :) Wish me luck!
lmfao! I hope not because I'm still in it!
Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws. - J. Morrison
Watching the Amazing Race. I think would rock the sushi bingo
Hi there! Looks like your account recently expired. If you email me, I can help you reactivate - jenn [at] appozite [dot] com
..but grannndmaa.. Why do you have two holes and I don't?!?! ...
what do u think of frankie?
“: What color Hummer do you guys, think is the coolest” blackonblack
I think you are right!
TVP team taking a little mountain meditation trip to this weekend. 65 and sunny in Colorado, gotta love it.
On the media shuttle with Doug Drushke headed to the Super Dome!
Wow. I just saw my first Grumpy's commercial... I get it now. Only took a year and a half.
Southern Women's Show, Agricenter International, Friday –Sunday, 11 a.m., $5 kids, $9 adults
Forever's a mighty long time and i really wanna spend it wit u.
Customer service done right, every time: and Others?
Yes! It's the weekend. What?
AUGH! RT : Put in my notice at my serving job on Saturday. I get to farm and forage FULL-TIME this summer. Freaking estatic!
oh mAH GAWD can I get that recipe
Yesterday ran 5miles in 36:45. Zoom! Well, for me that's zoom!!
"I like wood. I'm good at wood."
Hey there Good to new meet you! I like the Cobain quote. You listening to any good bands now, any recommendations.
just realized the Jets are featured this season on Hard Knocks. May have to tune in just to watch for glimpses of Swoon.
my high school classmates presume. :)
excuse me? A #bestfriend wouldn't lie to make me feel bad!
So true!
Saw The Social Network today, loved it! So interesting and remarkable.
good luck!
my sweaty ball sack
What up Cuz??
u educate a girl in Africa: she’ll be 3X less likely to get HIV, earn 25% more income & have a smaller, healthier family
that bitch hung up in my face imma show her!
Most sales campaigns focus on pain points, but fail to include an understanding of the client's Business Issue - "their reason to change"
Just got my exegetical back....not too shabby
All I'm sayin is if they discover avocados make you incontinent, I would start diaper shopping.
You can already see the difference having a legit center makes. Knicks have started the game playing half court ball and they're REBOUNDING
#FlyMeToLondon so I can see the boys when they get back from Sweden! :)
Ohmygawwwsh. I'm officially friends with on facebook. Am I cool yet?
definitely, Brooks chucks up way too many bad shots... another guy I like is Thaddeus Young
I Didn't Think Can Get Any Hotter BUT he did!!<3 :D
on my new iPhone n twitter app is sick!;)
The "Rockin Out Eyeshine" Photo Contest will end Wednesday March 16th so make sure to LIKE me & 's pics on Eyeshine's FB page!
sorry if I was the cranky one you speak of.
has a cartilage piercing.. That makes me so jealous, lol.
Off to #edcampis for the day
I got that for days as long as you have an open budget to work.
t/p process is tactical indeed but not always easy to control; def need pressure from up+down
Good morning 😊
Tapjoy will be holding a workshop this Thursday January 19th in Vancouver, Canada: SG Presents: An Evening With Tapjoy Topic: Next Big Th…
is there vanilla ice cream to go with that!?!
moving our office to Rio Grande!...should have worn shorts!
Good evening everyone!!!~~~~~Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.~~~Victor Borge
LET'S GO CAPITALS. Game 6. Win or the season is over.
Wow, called the Smart Trip Customer Service line and wasn't on hold for 20 minutes or get a busy signal. In and out in 3 minutes...
Yeah, I honestly don't care..
If not, you'll want to thaw it, press out the excess water, then cook it.
We need more Trey Songz in this world
Proudman J of the EWHC rules in Scottish & Newcastle Ltd. v. Raguz case involving s 375 of the Insolvency Act 1986: [2010] EWHC 1384 (Ch).
Project X was crazy awesome! Wildly entertaining and surprisingly original!
Legal business plans must answer the question what are my competitive advantages? Size up the competition, and look for vulnerabilities.
Thanks Mary! And in such a great group too :)
Have a safe Thanksgiving!
I love Don't Kick the Chair by ...and any song by her frankly..like Billy The Kid <3
we'll see what curtis grant has to say about that. Lol
you enjoy the ability to dis-own your kids far too much.
A Brush With Kindness helps existing homeowners to minor home improvement. check out our website for more info!
RT : Hey , thanks for becoming a daddy!
I make alot of spelling errors so just ignore it because idgaf
Okay, that Chevy ad was pretty good.
is always welcome in #FortWayne. Home of #HarryBaals, #I69 &
Sleepy as hell. One more hour to go till closing !
The analyst just said "You can't get a Triple-Double without rebounds".....actually, you can...
need to go away to clear my mind and find my happiness
Ok im bored got to get into something
Do you want to bowl all summer for FREE? Think about joining a spring bowling league at Bowl-A-Roll Lanes. Pls call for more info 427-7250
RT RT : "A good novel tells us the truth about its hero, but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author."
this thing works better than !
Aw you're so awesome! Thanks!
I'm In Love Wit That Pussy
#that1friend that makes you lie to her parents so she could do stuff your parents been letting you do 5 years ago....
Music is your own experience, your thoughts, your wisdom. If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn. ~Charlie Parker
Nyc le soon!!!
Ah, skim milk. You justify my heaping bowl of Peanut Butter Cap'n Crunch.
thanks for the RT
i know right? You should follow us :)
today at school my car got searched for drugs. apparently it was because the search dogs had smelled my air freshener.
We have to be calm! That other team from down the highway wont stop til its over.
Have you considered eliminating at least one unhealthy habit today? Say no to late night snacks.
Its true
Made it St. Simons Island safe and sound. Longest road trip we've ever taken as a family. Laughed for 700 miles.
The forecast is predicted to be Sunny with a high of 77 degrees on Sunday---Beautiful game-day weather!
Our name is big :) ...but our footprint is small. Proud to be a small business on Small Business Saturday.
Good game between sixers and celtics
Today is National Cook a Sweet Potato Day or if you prefer it's National Cherry Pie Day
Yoga before dawn...........I hear the husky conversation between the Great Owls.
Work work work
Thanks for the RTs and mentions. Have a successful day!
So psyched that is following us. Our whole team here at The Coolest Giveaways LOVES the early show :)
. Why'd you tell what I asked about the money, you idiot?
ok thanks!
Fucking Bruins, let's get our heads out of our asses...
the bible says worship this, but the scriptures written by man though
The Project does not and why we switched to them even though we are not the target audience - grey nomads!
also, that's a great pickup line. "[Damn, baby.] You have a fro [down there]? I want to touch and stick [my] pick in it!"
Much easier to purchase needed fencing from instead of competition. Order, select store, pickup, fast!
People can be so gross and selfish. I hate how guilty of this I am, too. I want out.
Alpha Chi Omega installed Zeta Omega at Western Carolina University on April 20, 1985. Happy Founders Day !
My guess is Oklahoma State's coach is pissed.
it opened back up at the end of April. Thank god for the twitter feed had to search a bit or that.
I have been working on eating smaller portions. I just ordered 1/2 as much as I used to and felt extremely stuffed .
The happiest people don't necessarily have the best things, they just simply appreciate the things they have.
just another day i sit around thinking about how everything i want is in CA.
Can't wait for Spring, getting tired of all the snow!!!!
Award music at compititions always make me feel like a super hero.
if you dont believe in miracles perhaps youve forgotten you are one <3
Actual headline: "Santorum surges from behind in Iowa." Ha! I bet it does from time to time. #santorum, #dansavage,
neither and both, but I'm sure app valuations will never match of a standalone site
OMG Carinn!!!! Congrats!
Cindy has now divided screen into 4 chatpods so participants can respond to multiple questions at same time
I hope this isn't a bad thing.
You know you're getting close to the gala when you're at work on a saturday from 11 am to midnight.
Color can help simplify the story - Mark Allen
The scale is beginning to tip over! After a late surge in the bond market, Best Execution 30 YR Fixed is now 3.99!! No that's not a typo...
the power of man his version has like 10x more plays RT : nah thats the crazy thing lol. its :hat chopped btw
Grubbing down on some yummy dinner from Tony's Cable Car Restaurant off Geary! Strwbry Banana shake! M!
"Fabulous Mix Tape" is a great name itself.
I don't remember him saying anything about it. Haha bad communication
Living in DC is great b/c of free and awesome museums. I am spoiled & now get confused when asked to pay admission fees!!
Stop eating white potatoes and eat sweet potatoes instead!
y u no take me?!
same here they are so comfy
#MyFavoriteRapperRightNow Eminem! Always has been, always will be 😘
stuck in narnia
I was hacked don't open it! spam demon got me
Attacking my maple pecan cranberry feta salad - only $3.99 from whole foods! The best salad on earth.
facebook=dead
Oh well... I'm lazy.
follow me? U DM'Ed me before!!<3
looking fine like always
He's such a hawt mamma...
Following! I can send you details if you DM me your e-mail
I really miss
Congrats! Wishing you and the little one good health and much happiness...
CAU is filled with sum ghetto staffers, boy they got problems!
Hammer Time
I'm overdosing on Christmas music,... its coming too fast!
Blk people stop thinkin Chinese People eat chinese food everyday. Do we eat SOUL FOOD everyday?
HAPPY FRIDAY ALL!
The night Our Hero had a triple double!
it happens to the best of us. No worries!
I'm trying man...trust me, I'm trying!
Just smashed on some of that freshly grilled at Bday BBQ wit
Chilling on a hot night...oh yeah...
:| are u nervous about going into High School?
There hasn't been one team in the playoffs yet that look like they can hang with the Thunder. They're on another level right now.
Listening to my husband vs. bees' nest on porch is like listening to someone who's convinced they're battling a swarm of tracker jackers.
um. i'm hungry.
is trending now obviously because his amazing and its his birthday but i mean when isnt he amazing so wish him best wishes♥
#Smh I told you you was gon do this, just accept that Lebron isn't a Playoff type player lol
Finna fall asleep in my mommy bed.
happy mothers day to u
PARTY TIME
thanks for following us! We post photos regularly of kids in action! Keep us in mind if you ever need family/garden shots!
Don't expect me to be the one who gives in and apologies first
The Forgotten Garden by Kate Morton
Just you wait!
; guys i feel lonely.
I have to deal with everyone pitying me today for not making one of the choirs I wanted. Grreaaaat.
Copy/pasted from a text. I'll let her know you don't like her spelling.
ROCK THE WORLD HECK YEAH!!
YOUNG FOREVER IN SUPER SHOES. THAT IS MAH JAM. NO SHAME IN DANCING.
#itsTimeForYouToRealize tht nobody is going to like u if u keep dressing like tht
Life is a long lesson in humility.
Mitt Romney's idea of helping middle class is firing them (BAIN CAPITAL) and offshoring the jobs to China, India, etc.
Wikipedia better not shut down. Just went to the doctor and I knew more from my wiki research than she did!
Omg get over it !
After sleeping through a 100 million years we have finally opened our eyes on an opulent planet, plentiful with life.
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives.
Miss ya brooksman! So jealous I have to miss ANOTHER Giants baseball fun filled weekend :( bo lol Hope 2 c u soon!
And my mom was all, "Emily, aren't you glad I didn't have kids right away? You'd be 35 right now."
"Jenny with you I'm bound to smile way more then usual, laugh more then expected and leave with a good mood, your contagious" <3 -Love Sonia
"Dreams are journeys that take one far from familiar shores, strengthening the heart, empowering the soul."
Do the papers you print on contain optical brightners (OBAs)?
I put the FUN in FUNeral!
Great recording session today with producer Jamie Muffett (The Invisible Producer)/! Stay tuned for some new music from us. :)
Got to work this mind like I been working these abs and I might just get somewhere! :p
MT : "Take 'when you grow up' out of the question: 'What do you want to do when you grow up.'"
I'm almost use to been lied to but I want accept them
And not too far from Eden Prairie we'll be hosting a spooky Saturday activity for kids at The Bakken Museum :)
Legalize Gay
They get all the big stars; Tuesday Skip will be debating Squiggy from Laverne and Shirley about Tebow's throwing motion
I like how Kristen Stewart's 'transformation into a vampire' is just her with red eyes. Can't she get a jaunty cape or something?
i dont have your number ,,.
Lawmaker: No &#39;bad acts&#39; for Secret Service
I followed both profilrs can u follow me? Are u the official kendal vertes or is it someone else?
me and my friends are going to N/O next week
hear hear, some things can't (or shouldn't) be measured & that's okay.
Going through new headshots - picking one is daunting!
DAMN CAN WE GET LL ON THE CYPHER
I know how you feel!!
We now offer Checkout for payments!
so this might seem a little desperate but...
Thanks to everyone who voted for us. Unfortunately we did not make it into the edgefest. No worries we got so much coming this summer!!
I didn't expect this result from #lfc. A quote from is telling: "secured Bolton's first points over Liverpool since 2006"
what up folks!
how about some UMass Lax love?
Could not have!
If another person says Kentucky could beat an NBA team I will punch you. It would be a blowout. Did you not watch that game?
#NYC users - if you're near Deutsche Bank take a photo and upload to Cash is waiting for you :)
#nccetl ITdir says panel still on old hierarchy. If library is learning cloud then admin and librarians share responsibility/vision
I am the shit...I'm on the red carpet again wit Said Faraj
The Grannies want to hear what some of your New Year's resolutions are. Please share! :)
1st Sammamish football game of the year tonight:)
Chanting "we love Obamacare!"
If you're still around at lunch, let me know! There's a bacon sandwich over here that you'd appreciate almost as much as I do.
Watching Summer School on AMC. Mark Harmon at his best, and hard to believe that it was released 25 years ago.
that could be a possibility in the future man! i like helping kids
RT If it's already Friday in your part of the world, what are you reading to ring in the weekend?
I am? See news happens all over. Lol Have great day!!
NP- Drake Ft. The Weeknd "Crew Love"......My Song
coo..u are so cute wuy
what's your prediction tonight? I say CATS by 7!
we need to skate
MT : Right? He blocked me but still wants to whine. / Tavis Smiley is Tavis Smiley's gift to Tavis Smiley!
I have started to add a process engine to Canappi and I can certainly share some thoughts
Smoking Turn Me ^^^^^^ iHtae Feeling
What PLN resources would you recommend to an educator teaching English to Spanish-speaking students in Madrid, Spain?
I need a new copy of Sula...I'm not sure where mine is.
likes triangles . ❤
Yeah, the man just followed me about 15 mins. ago. Haven't seen a match from him, so... lol
There's always that ONE person that gets In the way.
i really don't think the beatles are all that good..
thanks for the great twitter stream, you help me feel like I'm in the Big House.
what's the secret? I can barely get past morning coffee without a stain!
no. I texted her about it.
I JUST WANT TO MEET CHRIS RENE.
now that's more like it
Govt insurance/guarantees always foster bad choices. Hurricane ins., guaranteed pensions, FHA/VA loans, and, of course, SS.
It's Friday. Follow me. Why not?
God sleeps in the minerals, awakens in plants, walks in animals, and thinks in man
I rather listen to reggae than thug music anyday
Overshare! RT : Dating is hard you guys, especially for a dude who takes a viagra & has already nicknamed his penis "Dating"
26 DUNKS THIS QUARTER BEST CENTER EVER
great! thanks again for the LPs
Everyone knows you're the best actor in Hollywood, some of the media I think does what they can to get a rise out of you..
when do you guys get out of school?
that's how u feel
OK, you were right, today is WARM and....awesome. cc
Hi, ; welcome 2 the hood! Last night's BCA meeting featured Marvin Rich, local activist who's protesting racial tension. Let's talk
k(; and oh woww.
Real School: Child wants to rock out; parent prefers classical training
thanks for the follow. This will be an amazing adventure. This has been a great year, striving to be wheat/gluten free.
"I might not be where I want to be, but thank God I'm not where I used to be. I'm ok, and I'm on my way!”
can you guys talk more technique? You seem to be focusing a lot on anecdotes rather than dealing with Big Data in PHP. Thanks!
I am heading in to change this minute! Xxoo for the night!! :-)
yeah I know haha
Getting ready for work
Albert Pujols taking heat for 0 HR so far this season after big contract. Prince Fielder only has 1 HR though after signing his big contract
Wow your new Studio is beautiful! Great to see you today!!
Ordered a bourbon, ginger beer, an bitters, as I do. Was poured a rye, water, and bitters. The fuck?
Thank you so much. I love your cause as well.
Check with www.capitalcitysports.com for upcoming summer leagues throughout Columbus!
Apparently a place called World of Beer is opening on Brady with 500 kinds of beer and 40 on tap. Woah!!
Granicus finally made it to Milwaukee for #icma11... learned from locals that Mason st. is the place to go for food and drink...
One direction looks and sounds like a young the wanted.
THANK YOU to everyone working the the bar/restaurant industry tonight! Thanks for giving up your Saturday night.
i wonder is the oakland raiders snapback the equivalent to the Cincinnati Red Baseball fitted
#highkey mad I gotta stay a week for that
Never leave our team.
Good morning #Baltimore! Happy April! Did anyone get pranked really good yesterday? We feel like having a good laugh this am...
Stop gazing at what you are supposed to be glancing at. Pastor Moore
YES NO SWIMMING TODAY! :)))
Sad part about it is when some of their hangovers wear off, some of them are still stupid enough to think it was cool to do
you going to Mtsu? And you will have fun there lol especially if you love to party
Well hit the gym..feeln healthy and gr8! Cnt wait for bball to start! Im pumped!
It's nothing better than a man that's career focused and takes good care of his wifey
thank you all very much!
haha right, with his bad self lol why didn't you come to the lil get together we had for em on Saturday
Heading to Indy today..NO SCHOOL :D...
will do!
M....they're really good.
where at? Your leaving tonite
yeah I was actually thinking of ur living room but master bedroom would be more private. U have space :)
For the last 6 months I've been stuck on music that makes me think abstract sex and drug overdose..
I feel u..prolly stayin til the NBA finals are over..u stayin?
Studying Biology using a college text. Purves 1998, Life. Had not realized how amazingly understandable this stuff is. Deep.
Pleasant dreams twitterbugs.
My favorite two languages I only speak on twitter to some of my tweet peeps w/ the help of Google translator.
#AaronNorris is in the house!
of course!! :) xox
So weird that Jimmy Dykes mentions Bell Co on air...
<3 Np Keep up the grind mama in 5 years I wanna see us as filthy rich billionaires with no one stopping us
60 degrees today!!! It's open the windows and breathe in a good intention day!!
This too, shall pass ...
They're not a for style they're to maintain you hairstyle
haha yeah. Even at the end of last week basketball was slowing stuff down...
Good morning! Have a magical day!
forget them I got you
MAN MY COUISN BOUT TO LEAVE
Merci! We look forward to tweeting with you. RT : Love your yummy food! Thanks so much for following.
“: Graduates at Louisiana High School Defy Commencement Prayer Ban" I'm holding back from yelling at the commenter at the end.
I'm flying back to Pgh to get my hair dun smh I really need to find a damn hair stylist that KNOWS wat they doin!!!
Getting ready for a #Nebraska Cornhusker bowl victory!
Good morning #Tarheelnation! It was a good run we need to hold our heads high. With all that happen this yr iam proud to be a #TARHEEL!
Cant wait till the olympics
So it continued to update but I walked away for a moment and it popped up saying I still need to update. WTF I been doing this for 3 hours..
Have u ever seem a fly bum chillen on the train lol
sounds great! Time?
let's not forget who has a twitter acct in the fam
yes where are you looking?
thanks girl miss you !
do you solely use king county metro?
Perfect for vegans, or just for feeling great after eating healthy. D
Great call this morning to learn how Melissa Perry on our Parent Leadership Team is finding ways for parents to talk!
Fantastic 1st Corporate Alliance event last night. for networking, then off to show.
I need to throw up maybe I'll feel better
Found out tonight there's a student who's been watching me at the library, but is afraid to come talk to me. I find this both creepy & funny
What happen with the other account man?
#ILoveMilly I called it right, you slept during the test?
If you're grocery shopping at Whole Foods and you spend more on grooming products than food, it's a sign. Not a good one. Trust me.
Brad Lincoln: 5 IP, 4 H, 2 R, 2 ER, 1 BB, 3 K. Excellent spot start. His best role is still in the bullpen, however.
Good Morning Everyone! Beautiful Day to spend outside here in Los Angeles!
btw my phone died on you baby girl
Any other profession, I'd be fired. Good thing sucking is acceptable in my job.
Consensus picks last might went 1-2 and are at 23-7-1 the last 12 posted days...Working on todays NBA & NHL posted plays fron handicappers
yes sir!
Yes!! Im done
I'm not sure I am surprised any more when I read such things. Shocking, but unfortunately predictable.
up early to start my hustle of a day
At least we still have Bobby Sherman & David Cassidy, right? There should be a word for the anguish u feel upon the death of an old crush.
#PracticalSecurityTactics $VENDOR tests their patches better than you. Focus on backing out of change gone bad and patch your stuff!
Has there been a horrible beard-core band called the Husker Dudes yet?
Can't wait to meet up!!!
student group at Nevada is officially started! Thanks to for serving as our first president. DM if you'd like to be involved.
very true. rt @ Auneb Beverly I doubt he will be boring..unless "being true to yourself and real" is boring.
So glad you sent a message. I thought I saw your email on the blackberry but can't find it now...:(
I love that year
To be fair, I do cover Doe Bay. There's lotsa interest from readers there. But have u tried to buy tix? It's near impossible
thts so true ^.^ ha &&' waahtt were do you staay aht ? Ha it Dident snow were ilivee but other places it did ha -.-
: You are SO not alone on this. At ALL...
Fry it, duh! RT : The microwave is (still) broken. I wonder if steaming the left-over rice would be really inadvisable. >.>
looks like I'll be at the concert with you! Think we can get to join?
Vegetarian Black Bean Burger - whipped avoado / piquillo peppers / fries
well if y'all put me on the show I'll dedicate a song to him ;) let's go!
That was the longest and most complicate dream I've ever had! Holy crap...
Grinding... Rather be at the beach :/
is proving the point why merp needs to stop! 😃
Hey I'm at the reference desk, no phone/fb. What are you thinking?
im hella hot
sweet deal! Steve's from Suffolk, me & Chris (the bassist) have been in this band since 2007 and been friends since like age 12
that's a pretty big deal when you're a college newspaper
Good Morning! Wow I love 2012! It's going to be a Fantastic year! Let's all get into all the energy and be prosperous this year! :)
Such a great espn first take today. Geat arguments by all 3
Reminder: There will be fireworks after both Camden Riversharks games this weekend (Fri & Sat). Check them out from the Race Street Pier!
So funny! Almost to the 50 Woohooooo
Happy Friday, Tweeps!
Billy Crystal is killing it. And by "it", I mean, "all the good will he built up 10 years ago".
"What do you mean, we got outbid by the Marlins?!? "
Looking forward to being on the tomorrow's show!
the boyfriend video was nothing like the teaser. you little prankster. ;) haha! I loved it tho! ♥
“: A brain gets in good shape by memorizing a song.” Then I must be a genius!
Wow are kiddos great. Google the interview! Can you say charisma?
I'm goin to the movies today wit an old friend.
Damn! You stole my thunder and the one thing that I can say to pretend I'm theoretically inclined and informed! :)
Maxim Masters event was a sick time! Thanks for coming.
no need to hold your tongue, small town or no.
who's going to brighten up their gloomy monday by getting season tickets with #crew96?
Really nice to hear the prince doing the weather cast. Thanks for airing it :)
isnt that simple. Byrd has a shit contract and Theo is smart enuf to know he isn't a fix. Just gotta wait bro, sry
they didn't even ask you to play some ballpark organ?
ebony, your thoughts on the middle class slowly fading away?
It's surprising (or really not so much) how many projects are geographic, esp. in data visualization sessions.
sometimes I think that Twilight is one big Volvo commercial.
The problem with tucking in your shirt is that you have to remember to tuck it back in after using the restroom.
my self before I decide to go any further. So let see what's up by then!?
And so, the whirlwind begins. Wish me luck!
We need a killer recording setup!!! We have a wealth of new material that needs to be heard!!anyone wanna help?
people are hype for the dude that came out with House Party?! SMH
I just dropped our thank you card in the mailbox - so that means we can start using them, right? They're SO pretty. And shiny. And new.
So glad one of our teams got
bout to sleep
RU a 20-something willing 2 allow me 2 write re ur experiences saving toward a $$ goal? DM me! [for Examiner.com; #Denver tie-in preferred]
Finally getting over the flu :) back to school tomorrow though :(
Breaking: Santorum endorses Romney. He had a choice: eat a dinner plate of poo or endorse Romney. He made it half through the plate.
RT : Rep. Todd: "Our job as legislators is to open the doors."
Guess who won a #murrow award? Hint: ME!!!!!!
Thanks for the follow. How are you today
Most people wobbly off that Purp, but I'm wobbly off that Nappy Brown!!
That is me, every time I do laundry. Every time.
Thank you for choosing NC STATE!
Its like hood central by the water tower in chicaho go on nice days
#YoungFilmmakersFoundation = combo of youth-made media and community focus
Steak, Rattle, and Roll...
when spielberg bought rosebud for $60,000 orson welles told his cinematographer that they ought to start making sleds
Yeah i know but don't you want him to live out his dreams?
what u have in mind?
HAVE A VERY BEAUTIFUL AND PRODUCTIVE DAY !
1 year anniversary on Thu from 10p-2a. FREE fernet on tap and late night stoner food! We want you all to join us!
OH: "Got a text from WalMart saying I won $1000 - How do they have my phone#?" Good reminder: a lot of ppl are not very tech-savvy
Noel Crane steals my heart every time.
Well shoot , guess I was too quick with the self-deprecation. I OWN those 3 votes! Boom. LOL
I do love Kate Bush, Belle & Sebastian, and J Brown, but my girl Basia Bulat's "Run" was a shoe-in marathon jam! Pun intended. Xoxo
Ah! Okay thank you <3
What is your favorite part of staying in a hotel??? Share with us!
I bet meteorologists are really bad conversationalists cause most people think talking about the weather is boring
Shot a dance video with Christine Fisler of UArts today. Behind the scenes pics will be up on Facebook in a day or two.
I'm 20 -____- how drunk are you?? Jesus
Wow, we really did it. 300+ followers. Thanks! -Jared
and a billion dollars later we'll still be waiting 25 mintues for two back to back trains going to the same destination.
Ok I'll text you now and did you ever get your CRCT scores back?
nah I'm still in Baton Rouge.
With my 6 and 3 yr old girls, I get all kinds of crazy up close and personal. My guilty pleasure show was Flavor of Love.
Never say anything about yourself you do not want to come true.
Accepted at Emerson <3
Practical use for screencasting: quick how-to for virtual ref transanction follow-up (tip: don't call it "screencast". Call it "video")
good luck riding out the rest of the storm!
and i always turn in everything on time and my mom is going to kill me. I have been so busy with so many other things.
Bingo RT :I was more upset with the acceptance/denial of mediocre season from Pitino then the actual results of the regular season.
RT : congrats on stellar #socialbiz breakout session #logistics at #js12! So proud of you & team!
Bitch you dont cook, clean, work or fuck good. . . Wtf can you atleast do hair ! !
Hol..y.... shit.. Prince Charming has to go. Is he freaking kidding? How is she keeping a straight face?
That's that shit I DON'T LIKE !!!!) Get The Fuck Off My Dick!!!!
The problem with moderating panels is that you can't take pix of the slides and tweet.
It's only 10am & I've already had a great time! What a great start!
Ashleigh Ashton making her debut at Chicago's Drake Hotel right now!
you know that's happening!
And welcome new "Friends of the Feed" and
Only a 7 week old could make me sit through a 2.5 hour missionary baptist church service. I must love her.
this is a good move!
Tks for following. I appreciate the work that trained and qualified exercise physiologists do. Keep it up!
just listeing to the hits raido they played one direction today
In a newspaper interview 12 years ago I said I couldn't imagine myself using an e-reader under a tree in a park on a sunny day.
has Cashman done his annual asking for Felix in a trade ritual yet?
no competition. In n out
#oomf 's mom can get it ANY DAMN DAY
I love Friedman. Thanks for this tweet.
So I seen Gabriel last night
"If you don't know where you are going, you will wind up somewhere else!" Yogi Berra.
The conversation continues and it is definitely
I hope you guys have a great day. Love ya. <3
College ball?
4 rvs 18 guys unlimited open bar and our tailgate for Ou/tx starts Wednesday best tailgate in the USA
Happy New Year!!!
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! Ok. Lol it is very interesting ..
‘We stayed for a delightful 3 days and loved it so much we are coming back. What a great find!’ Straight from our guest’s mouths!
embarrassing for a proud franchise
You know the best way to stop child abuse? Don't abuse children.
The more you tell me how great something is the more childish I get and decide it must be awful
- one more question - since they're free... Do you accept guest post submissions? Would love to contribute.
agreed. that's lame.
I must go workout now so I can enjoy a coffee stout when I get home.
My t.v. right now (;
thanks so much! RT : good luck!
remember. guac is extra.
she realise thats a good drive?
Conditions to win 2 #Colts tickets: 1) YOU must personally use tickets 2) Must be able to pick up tickets in Indianapolis by Friday 5pm.
I almost did, haha
Greetings & thanks! RT : It's all about the girls->
Got out of school early? FWM. =D haha
I want my baby home! Traffic in LA sucks
So glad you're enjoying it!
yaaay! I'm SO excited!
GO AHEAD YOU DESERVE IT. AND TO DISREGARD THE NEGATIVE
Sending to youtube now lol.
i just wanna blow stuff up lol justin ! punk'd is going to be good!
that ending was insane needs to investigate there..... SOBER!!!!
Production staff full for June?
I've just got to make sure I get to earlier next time. It was so packed that folks were selling out left and right.
400 students are getting the message of FORGIVENESS right now at Rincon Middle School in Escondido!
Nail is perfect!!!!
Who wants to FaceTime w/ there iPhone 4, hit me up
Yes you do...lol
Fear no man, Trust no bitch.
#smh at Future locker room cancer.
#MyBiggestProblem walking a straight line cause I'm unbalanced. >.<
Got up at 2:45am this morning to volunteer at the LA Acura Bike Race. Ready for a nap now...
Jogged around today. Apparently that's what everybody does on a Saturday afternoon!
As far as my three favorite teams are concerned, I'm very pleased and confident with the front offices of two. Best feeling as a sports fan.
...Wow...I'm not sure I could ever enjoy that more than 'Dawn' maybe it's time for a re-watch as well.
AW unicorn swag isn't a TT anymore T_T
oh em ge I gotta invite?
not tired. 👀 wide awake.
damn I wanted to watch it who won
please tell me YOU know what fruit this mysterious "starberry" is?/where I can find it?
Want FREE Ice Cream? Follow
cool. What was the context? I'd like to be in on this discussion!
Not too late to catch great music-Space Washington & Chris Curry next now. Cheesesteak optional (but recommended)
It needs to be spring break.
Going to start a Red Cross Club at UTEP. Need volunteers!
Things happen crystal besides you know that he cares and also where he works so calm down and get out of the heat
the site knows if you send in multiple stories so make sure not to spam but help get 3,000 other people to share a story too!
I wish I was watching this with u lol RT : I love you too :) RT : I love u.
okay sounds good
i'm a capricorn too bro!!! How's Birmingham treating you, my ex boy friend Jason live their lol
. I've been there, man. Actually, I'm there a couple days every month. But don't tell Jennifer I said that.
Hump Day.
HEEEYYYY!!!! NP: Angela Winbush's "Your Smile" & these people at the job bout to see all my soul!!
Make sure to let me know if you do come to LA. I would love to see you.
Nigga say they ballin they in the stands If it ain’t bout business don’t shake my handEverythingIdoWeh,weh,weh,weh,well done(x2)
My 12 yr old sister is telling us how she walked into Spencers thinking it said "Science Gifts" and ran out soon thereafter. haha
we dont have swag we have style get on are level
yumm you've got that right!
wat happen wit balotelli and how did QPr score again?
lol lucky enjoy sixflags in honor of me! Haha jk have fun :)
Song of the day.. Hm must choose a good one.. Lol
thanks for the heads up! bought!
S/O to my artist P.Goods
Did just call out for his tweet about #badgers, and tell him to call his cell? #arrogance at it's highest.
Are you going to make it to PyCon?!
Happy Friday... let me see what I'm doing today...hm
Love you too sweetie! Thanks for everything
Close this out. Let's go.
I'm out of town now but I live in Memphis. I already scoped ur website and I'm very much interested. My coworker is as well..
lastly, i must proclaim that the Cleveland Indians will take 2nd place in the AL Central behind Detroit this season. projected record: 85-77
bAhaha is that a bad thing ???
Loved that cheer!
The internet is a weapon of mass distraction.
that's too funny! Why am I always breaking a law?
If u love me!.. Love me #
Every now and then, when the world sits just right, a gentle breath of heaven fills my soul with delight ~ Hazelmarie ‘Mattie’ Elliott
Passover provides an opportunity for us to appreciate our freedom and for us to recognize the responsibilities that freedom demands.
. alum, David Ferriero, at #DPLA: "If it's not online, it doesn't exist"
Support #Disneys #Chimpanzee opening weekend. $$ goes to Jane Goodall Institute
I have something in mt eye and it is really bothering me.
FORGET THAT MONKEY DUCK!!! LOL RT I think I'm annoying Lindsay right now so I'll just leave her alone 😂😂😂😂
IM LOVING IT
im next to u. Muuhaa (evil laugh)
From Dexter, pop. 1,240, Josh Berry has acted in almost three dozen TV shows and features, including FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS and CRAZY HEART.
school time...... no comment lol :(
All over the people, children are dying from preventable diseases. With just $2.35, you can help 1 child. one.medicalteams.org. Please RT
yes! Omg I love him in 50 first dates and grown ups :D
You are very welcome. Thank you for sharing great content for others to be aware of.
I'll give you one! #FF this guy peeps! You'll be glad you did!
can i get a follow back por favor or please
We're wishing our incredible Campus Director, Gina Lepore, the very best in her new endeavors. You will be missed!!
Facebook names??
Whitney Houston Died - Last Seen Pictures Video - Taken Feb 9th & 12th 2012
You're just using text to try to subjugate people like him.
We have great room in the Signature waiting for #brandcamp attendees!
I would like that. Maybe next week sometime? Or at Midwest UX even? I am sure you are fairly slammed with all that going on!
Lost and in desperate need of gas :-| Typical me move.
Epic Buffet vs Mozz, Phil, Jason, Rass and I. Pretty sure the buffet wins. "I feel sick." - everyone
i'm pretty sure that halloween candy will be the death of me.
they are delish! Throw in a mountain dew and you got perfect snack!
Tune in to Great Day SA tomorrow on #KENS 5 at 9am for Trip on a Tankful to #SeaWorld and Spy Kids interviews.
I'm at the park with my budds (: I love them .
With that chin, I bet head game vicious like a Lebron James headband....
Wow-such kindness for LinkedIn help! "Joon's one of the most knowledgeable business advisors that I've met in my 20+ yrs as an entrepreneur"
This is so unbelievably cool! Thank you so much!
2 pages down, 18 more to go
Q. What position did horror film star, the late Vincent Price play on his soccer team? A. Ghoulie.
aww:( don't make me walk the plank and kick me off this awesome ride
o.o no
Exercising the upper end of my speedometer is fun. :-)
hahaha wow! lazy! Lol do you speak spanish? 0.o
I know! There are a lot of awesome projects going on.
well go!! it would be fun!
Yes! And you could play tambourine. Perfect.
1350 supporters , thanks so much !!
spring is here. life is good. kids are happy. biz is turbo charged. happiness all around.
Billboard Awards are this weekend in Vegas. If anyone is gonna be in Vegas hit me if you need anything (clubs, pools, hotels, etc).
Your on my mind all day
Why bother bringing on the special teams defense? Just let the kickers practice with the returner if they won't stop them.
thank you for the shout out! What's new?!
He kiss my lips, i taste your mouth</3
All packed...this is surreal.
shut up hoe. She made it to work. Lol
Can't study
Hi Paul! This is my professional twtr. Would love to reconnect! Are you working out of NOVA?
I hope you never have to carry more than you can hold.
Slaphappy, giggling alone in my hotel room in Baltimore about trolls and large nostrils is def doing the same
Faith doesn't get you around trouble. It gets you through it.
I get just a bit teary eyed every time I hear the X-Men Animated theme song... *sniff*
Sunday Quote: "Don't be afraid of the space between your dreams and reality. If you can dream it, you can make it so." -Belva Davis
Still cant believe was here in albuquerque last night! ;D
we just totally had a great catch!
Societal Challenge: Meaningful involvement 4 ALL parents, despite SES, in global learning
She said lets have sexy sex I said okay and you laughed and I said Later. I was kidding. :)
poo sorry ill follow back<3
awesome!That weirdness happened to me yesterday 's workshop. Guy next to me had my twitter profile up and I didn't know
So Cold by Breaking Benjamin is so good!
i think the worst part of school has to be waking up early everyday.
thanks for the follow!
🎶I'm asking for your help I am going through hell..Afraid nothing can save me but the sound of your voice..You cut through all the noise🎶
You do realize that now this means you have to moderate again? Nice work. Thanks.
heyy follow back please(:
Hoodie is getting so much attention now, and i'm proud of him
thanks for the updates,wish I was still there. Where we at in the Sock match now?
“: To competitors, its always about aspiring to be the best you can be. Focusing on the things you need to do daily”
Is our #economy rebounding now or are we on a spiral further downward into a darker #recession than we've already experienced?
So long joe, keep fighting the good fights.
followback,Is Hot related to Gossip Girl
I like it! “: I'm done with lol. Most people loq. LOQ it is. Yeah!”
I can never figure out if Harry the Dirty Dog's family is being disingenuous or if they truly don't recognize him under all that grime.
"The worst thing that ever happened to America was the American Dream." - British colleague referencing U.S. disinterest in collective good
petition Byron not to sell his projector
Same here. I think the biggest thing is that it got us all to realize a glaring double standard.
RT : We work 2 connect synagogue life & #jewishcamp year round - helping to guide community members' Jewish journeys
I was thinking today had all the makings of a perfect day and then I read your super-sad kitty story - so sorry
RT : #ConfessionHour I love boys that love God.
My two heroes: my grandmother and A living legend!
I wonder if these sneakers still have any central american dirt on them. Hm
check out the forecast for this week in panama
Same! I'm gonna try to but not positive yet!! Theyre coming to two areas close to me, so hopefully!! :)
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet.<3
my followers number is 143 143 represents you
Wow that has officially replaced Chiefs Zubaz pants as the coolest sports pattern in Kansas City.
sorry had alot do stuff to do yesterday and today!
I will abstain from voting. :)
If yesterday was Star Wars day, does that make today Revenge of the fifth?
I really hope someone from is at this Queering the Museum Panel!
Next season at : the debut of Mr. Holland's O-Face with and company.
Ahh good ol Al I would except nothing less.
what are doing?
and Erin and I were speculating what A was going to wear as well. Something fabulous for you I;m sure!
This year has gone by so fast
& I've got some nice stops along the way back "there" LOL. Much luv!
Please follow and help them gain followers!! They're new to twitter. (:
what did u use to unfollow all of those people?
have a nice day Ariana! :] love you :*
I was driving by a theatre on Wilshire and saw that you are coming to LA Feb 28th. fantastic!
#WhenIWasLittle i'm gonna tell your mom was the scariest sentence ever.
Post #zonamaco12 thoughts: fair grown 2 B one of most important in L. America=time 4 new commerce. Welcome affordable art fair in oct.
Hey girl! It was nice getting to meet you :) That's so cool that you drove 3 hrs to see them <3 Dedicated Macer right thur :D
It's a Shania Twain day inside my office
getting motivated to finish cleaning up. Only a few things left on my to do list. So excited and anxious....not much longer :D
Ima Sell Piraguas On the Cart In Downtown Like The Do Back In Chicago Lbvs
Was your first day awesome?
ATTENTION!!! TOMORROW!!! The Art of Rhyme hip hop Open Mic at Columbia College Chicago Manifest Arts Festival in the South Loop..Its FREE
O good catch—that would certainly have increased its chances! Hm...what to replace it with...
If we get 50 likes on this status, I will bake everyone cookies for our next show! -Sean
Bylsma: "We finally got what looks more like a playoff game tonight."
October: #DC, November: #LA, February: #Chicago... no stopping now!
Ugh!! This saftey inspector is blowin me
I'm really bored
Hey, wanted to let you and Lib know we aren't gonna be able to make it tomorrow. Too much crap going on. >.<
Buzz didn't do his homework, didn't even know about your NCAA record.
Mondays should be canceled due to lack of interest. But, since we can't make that happen, come in and reward yourself with a drink tonight.
There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something. Henry Ford -
Happy #iPadHD announcement day! Oh wait... I won't be able to afford one anyway. Thanks a lot God.
: Thanks guys for coming to do another chat with us Criminal Minds Fanatics. We all really enjoy chatting with you.
en route to #morandi's brunch w my favorite ppl!
ITA but for some reason I keep watching it...think I am going to stick to theybf.com for my gossip!!!
Although Ozzie should think sometimes before he speaks
I can understand why Obama didn't choose Hillary Clinton as a running mate - too much baggage in the form of Bill Clinton.
#Israel keeps talking about their new #CleanEnergy like EVthing just peachy there.Like theyre not murdering people as we speak.
": I have a MAJOR ADVERTISING OPPORTUNITY in front of me. However, I need to get 6 figure followers ASAP." //The man is funny!
Finally watching the hangover 2 and I wouldn't wanna watch it with any one else.<3.
RT : Zipper broke on pants. The rest of today will be strategic hand and paper placements.
Huge battle and my controller's batteries go out on me. Well, fuck.
Watching the Roddick vs. Nadal match on a beautiful day in Miami.
I gotta wate tell next month cuz the girl I like she don't wanna be called a hoe cuz me Andy ex just broke up 2 weeks ago
No no no..I'm not you! I aint up here rapping and tapping!
great series.
Kathy- Thanks for making Room & Yard so great...again!
Meek Mill new Mixtape too raw!!
Government periods 2 and 4 have finals tomorrow. Be on time!
Demi? Wait.. I don't think I understand the tweet to much haha
Those are the best places when nothing's in English!
Thanks for the shout out, Cool Material! We're honored to be thought of as "cool material".
Your in a near little roll here
Clippers or grizzlies, who ya got?
HIRING: Sr. Outlet Buyer (5+yrs exp) & Assoc. Buyer @ Hugo Boss (1-3 yrs exp) men's exp. is a must! Email your resume:
You do the same--thanks for the RT and mention! Happy Friday!
thanks for the follow, can't wait to try the brew!
My back is not a voicemail please say it to my face
