Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life. Mark Twain
Gateway Mortgage specializes in the Section 184 Money Saving Native American Home loan Program in New Mexico
Join us tomorrow for a Coffee Seminar. We will be roasting coffee in store and explaining how each roast effects flavor. 11a.m.-noon
Great feature story on NFL player safety! RT The Jan/Feb digital issue of Leader's Edge magazine is available now!
Helen standing by
Mommy when I get home ..we going to get a mani and pedi..and some good retail therapy 😍😉😊
ur name is allison? I thot it was Neda?
thanks for the follow, congrats on your books...15 novels is quite impressive!
No food since Friday. No water since 9 pm last night. Naturally, then, my roommate and his visitors are talking about FOOD! rofl
i cannot motivate myself to go take a shower right now! #intenseworkout :o
Four-Faced Liar is a pretty good movie for an indie flick.
An that is why mls is still a rubbish league. Not like I won't take it
I wish i could say the same :( lol
Take a short vacation Kelly. You'll be okay. Kelly Holiday.
come join me and squidward in NYC tomorrow. We're stopping at top shop
I need new fringe sandals. #Weredoigetthem ?
this sounds about right RT : Dubstep = A rap battle between the autobots and decepticons”
Plenary speaker Steven Johnson will sign his books @ the EBSCO booth after the McGovern Lecture. Bring copies if you have them.
time is going by so slowly...
I just got to the part in CTFxC when you come in....I LOVE the new look! <3
NEVER FORGET......
At Red Rock, there are no long term contracts to sign. We do business differently. To learn more visit www.gowithredrock.com or contact us!
#IndyColts for Hard Knocks in '12, HoF QB working way back, #1 pick as back up, coach/execs/Def. issues w/ national interest! ??
Come show love for Dante in the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."
I have been following recovery & sending prayers, but I missed what happened to you... Glad ur getting better!
Thanks! (You should have seen the look on my face--that was a sweet surprise!)
Geez! 'bout time!
Pretty sure I just saw a homeless guy A/B testing his signs. Picked one out from a stack of four or five.
#wiunion Well #Waukesha County? #Milwaukee bigger and better. It makes few errors; has fast election results. #Barret our city is
BUT IM HUNGRY AS FUUUCK
Shady Team .. follow this fan page for more information..
seriously ... you do?
Still riding the highs from #convcon last week...good stuff!
Still cant believe the war I saw between H & Undertaker @ #Wrestlemania! Watched the encore &still got goosebumps!
Boarding time for my flight is 11:00, and I started packing at 10:25.
We appreciate you sharing your cancer journey, even if it's painful or frustrating.
Bio box: Texas Christian cornerback Greg McCoy - Chicago Tribune
It's not quality it's quantity
Lord, I want to yearn for You.
you're back!
o and you're still coming on that mini vacation with me in virginia ( :
Ah! why dose school have to be on Thursdays ! D;
10 mins left in the First and the Bulls have the majority of the chances, but no score.
what of Socrates?
have u ever met Vince or Bret?
Ugh i hope ACT will clear my mind from dis shit
I work the same. Have fun setting up your courses. Would love to hear what you think as we enter the school year.
the hard times make the good times good luv u
uhh the smacking is just<<<<<
This will be good! ": will be talking about kitchen design on March 25th at 11am on Pier 94. Pls join me.”
was good homie lets work
my dog is humping my teddy bear...
the Yankees... Jack-wagon!!!
I'm a model recruiter. We are seeking females for paid modeling/video work. Do you want details?
Honda Australia Announces New Pricing On The Accord Range
Good morning Charlotte north carolina !!!!
Good morning every one...
#rappersbetterthansouljaboy Wait .. Wait .. Wait for it . . Everyone . .
Roger Ressmeyer, photographer to Jefferson Starship is speaking on a panel for us today!
: Lol thanks! Is there any way you could maybe DM me and I'll reply back with my password for the clear side board thingy? :-D
Good point!
Nice choice!
Had first breakfast #taco ever! M. #atxunscripted is expanding my food knowledge.
I miss your beautiful face <3
you are an insparation I appreciate the way you run your jail.
You might also ask: Do we give our faculty permission to be "foolish" as well? How to incite play at other levels?
17th birthday. this year is going to be awesome
happy birthday Liju! I'm blessed to know you! & you're def my fav sports fan on Twitter lol.Hope u have a really awesome day! =)
#MyTop5LadyGagaSongs Just Dance
I am too old to have #JustinBieber and #OneDirection going through my head most of the day...
Dude. That's some serious George Jetson clicking.
This Week in Sporting tonight on 810 at 7 w Taking your calls & talking to the one + only, le capitaine
I may not always be right but im never wrong. :P
wow that was really nice
I love the hell out of bluebonnets - was a pretty great part of my day too #butcoveringthemwithturkeybloodwouldhavebeencooler :)
#walmart announces #50 car w Bill Elliott behind the wheel to celebrate its 50th anniversary at July 7 Daytona race
In the case of tht we should juss end cause it's all my fault wat a fuckin sad case with the bullshit
"We enjoy this illusion of continuity, and we call it memory" -Tom Rachman, THE IMPERFECTIONISTS
The Grammys...suck, so far.
1001 members on AAUW Facebook group - what a milestone!!!
I WANT SOME CORN BREAD
Checked sink. No Quiñones but oddly enough Keith Morrison from Dateline was totally camped out down there.
Easter is here!Remember,chocolate is toxic to dogs,lilies r toxic to cats,E. grass if ingested can cause problems that require surgery
I hate losing... my mom is beating me in Scrabble
RIP ~ Harry Morgan..
RT : playoffs? P p playoffs?! I'm concerned if we can win a game and you're talkin about playoffs??
still an mvp!!
see u saturday
Thank you, love:)
Bout to start my essay on macbeth
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 83
where are you?:o
Are some good people out there
AFRICA I SWEAR IF YOU DO NOT STOP CALLING ME OMG, I DO NOT HAVE ANY MONEY FOR YOU I'M SORRY JUST LEAVE ME ALONE GHOT DAYUM
good good just chillin!!!! can u DM me plz=]
Our greatest triumphs often come at the heels of our most painful failures. RT
Special thanks to HoneyBaked Ham and for their generous donations to our Youth Choral Festival!
What's around the corner?! A double-whammy 4 your candy, that's what! SouthBay 5pm CardioFlow 6pm BarWorks!!
Sounds nice, I miss NYC foot pedi + massage RT : Best part of being to airport early is foot massage before my long flights
Good night everyone!!! ALMOST HALLOWEEN!!
My 7yo grandson asked, "Do you think there has ever been an apocolypse in an alternate universe?"
RT All-Day Happy Hour every Monday. $3 Draft Beers, $3 Wells, $4 Wine, $4-5 Small Plate Specials. Happy Monday everyone.
I have no comment...
the fun continues today. Learned so much for my clients this week, wow.
Hating mondays wit a passion..anyhow its off to da gym#hoopa session
Feel like I've been a bit out of the loop, but 4 the record, #Lauderdale is beautiful & I'm so happy 2 b here. Hope u can visit/stay soon :)
My cilantro plant is dying fast.
Only 3 days until Théâtre Tout à Trac’s Alice in Wonderland joins us at The Hillman. Get your tickets before they’re all gone!...
I really can't relate to your vovo
I wish those birds would quit shitting on my car
Did they just call Ohio State a poor man's Kentucky? Shut cher mouf
Has there been an effort to document the sanitary conditions in the park? Pictures would be a good way of showing this.
haha why did you have to say "brother" but yea I got you
Rumspringa goes on at approx. 6pm! Hope you can make it back from Indio!
May 2,1922:Churchill encouraged Michael Collins to be conciliatory toward Ulster, firm with Republicans. Collins also getting arms from US.
Happy Gameday! On the way up the 1265.
I'm looking for something, ...or maybe someone.
I want one of those shakes!
yes it does. blech.
Haha :) Thank you. Your blog is Great! Full of Outstanding content! Keep up the Great work! Make it a Healthy, Happy Day! :)
Wishing a Happy New Year to the whole #foursquare community and all my #lbschat tweeps. Catch ya'll on the flip side ^DF
#congrats Flo!! Last day of work before baby is born!!!
are u trying to kill us? Lol ;))
My mom dresses like a 20 year old. That's not cool. Really disturbing to me.
Why did Fergie just ruin one of my fav songs ever?!? 
Hammer = legend
thank u 
Can't wait to see you in Waco this weekend?
Its not even my birthday :)
Poetry prompt due tomorrow. Working with letter “g.” Just realized the prompt is “j.” What to do? Too late, too tired. Where have I been?
Football season is here
checked out the app tonight during lakers game. Very cool/addictive
Fantastic! Please reach out to my colleague Noelle () and she will take care of you. Or msg me ur email.
yet for some reason u keep replying. I get it. U need the last word to feel good about yourself, even if the word is "nonsense".
NIST SP 800-53 rev 4 is a result of 2 years of concerted collaboration. #NIST worked with the CIO Council to craft the new Privacy Controls
I'm having trouble seeing #oloimega tweets I think. I'm guessing there were a lot more than 2 of them in the past hour.
im ganna inbox you message
Not prepared for all this.
dear sorry for being so behind on responding. it's just been that kind of week. will have all u need by Monday, promise :)
Yes it is. RT : The greatest logo ever, of any team, of all time!
One more hour and I'm out of here.
Thank you for the #FF!
Today's Special: Grilled Italian Sausage w/Peppers & Onions on a Stadium Roll. Soup of the Day: Lamb Stew.
How are you? Hope everything is ok.
Now its time to buy Florida Properties. Market is stable on an extreme low level since 2011
Working on establishing best practices for oral history in a digital age.
Girls with long hair >>
The only thing I'm happy about is that Derek didn't die.
If these weekend chores will simply vanish, we might start on the ones that were left behind.
agreed big time, not so classy is what I think...
Big swinging leg kick on Aoki's swing
Man , Island grill canceled for tonight , it's been too slow in the Keys this week. things WILL get better , I'll just enjoy the time off
lmao sick T yo can i meet you when u come to nyc i live in bk
The agony is over. #Flyers Moving on!
damn u gotta fix that C Lowe haha 21 on 8/24 not a good look! Loll
I get irritated when someone says because of RaP Music this or that happened! NO..rap dont make YOU do nothin..its the person
no problem, it was the least I could to help the cause. Cancer has stricken my family too, wish I could do more
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
I get ya ahaha
ONE-LINER: Don't be sexist. Broads hate that.
I'm going to kill my pillow if I don't finish this algebra study guide tonight :/
how you gonna warm up the pep thang
When life hands you lemons, throw one at a moving car, then feel super awful about it and go to church and confess about it enthusiastically
america's looking forward to you :)
It's time to get our Rally, Madison! Rally to Recall Walker on Nov. 19th. Woohoo!
I just spent half at day at #iste11 talking with my peers about education apps. I'll post my thoughts this week on the blog
Will do. Let me know if you have any other questions too!
Ready to watch the #Grammys I hope the true artists win tonight
Thnx lex I'll miss ya! We will def kick ass and take names for beach fest
Hunt: we based our response on stereotype that Serbs and Muslims will always be fighting.
yes, and when snookie gives birth on12/21, jessica will still be pregnant. =)
Go Yankees!! Tough loss tonight
Let's GO Jermaine!!
Listening to Luther Never Too Much right now, time to start boo loving with someone
The soft light is mine.
Is this a remote position, by chance?
Michael Carroll, American University talking about open access policy: wants copyright to do its job.
never left big head
Hello twitter word..not i gotta get me some friends
I thought I was sick of hot weather, until I woke up shivering
One request for my future son or daughter-in-law, please take over the cooking
As bad as the #Celtics have played, they're gonna win this game by 10
Who playing ?
No problem.
Watch out for dem Bills
Never have I ever thought that someone could make my love life a living hell. Everytime I look at a guy I think of you.
Express Lube can benefit your business through our Fleet Service. Visit www.expresslube.com for more information.
Lots of stuff on sale for the summer. Hit us up, we'll get it to you quicker than quick.
I saw the exhibit on Saturday. Fantastic!
lazy fact #7256452565156897; you were too lazy to read that number. ;)
Who Tf Would Come To This Lil Axs Town, For This Lil As Fish Fry .? '& If This Tha Worlds Biggest Fish Fry Then I Wuld Hate To See Anoth ...
lmao I had like 3 nightmares about it
Lol yea they most certainly are
heading to Austin this wknd - any must see shows?
#mudmelt and Berrie uses a lot of tech to analyze the colors. Learns that Venetians painters using materials meant for potters.
Sure thing! Hope to see you in a few weeks!
I'm shooting for a personal best of rumpus-to-nap in :03.
RT : "I have a theory that a lot of people have written white papers but nobody ever read one." #OMS2012 nice - mrkting gone bad
you are welcome
Let the countdown for next weekend begin!
Overheard 2 police officers discussing the #occupywallstreet march saying this is the only overtime I get- thinking they want us to keep on
think one way when it's this way and think another when it's that way. which is it? or have this and that totally changed?
The Hell in a Cell Undertaker is dominating too much Triple H could win!
Its getting coudly dark in houston is about to rain
Truth - ": Treat everyone with respect. The one you might need in the future, could be the "bum" you disrespect today."
Sad day to be a Hoosier... Embarrassed by the message we just sent. Thank you Honorable Richard Lugar for your many years of service.
thx :-) : My #heroes are women who do what they need 2 for themselves & their families w/o fear & my mum
A COD game looks pretty good to you? Color me shocked. :)
Congratulations to Bruce Thompson recently elected to the national NBMBAA Board. We know you will represent Milwaukee well.
LOVE IT!!! Using it 2+ times a day and i am pretty much having a love affair with it.
Metaphor and Myth, & any powerful cultural narrative enriches engagement.
Thank you
#followfriday? Thanks for the Twitter schooling :)
not all grandmas.. Just yours and s
milk and cookies >
I wish I had a group of friends like in
I like the 7p rule :)
What's next for Money Makeover? An employee money makeover!! -Judy Walz, Sr Vp Vystar
Interested in Levinas? I'm talking about the Carnets de Captivite at 3:30 in Potomac G!
Dallas most Wanted album we doin tryna get as many dallas artist on it get at me on da biz tip got beats u kan pick from
I'm nervous about our performance on Thursday 😁 - Zaona
Come watch your action tonight against the White Sox at 7pm. $3 garlic fries & $2 bud light drafts during the game.
I AM A SPECIAL BOY
man you get any shirt you want. bad news: they only come in t1.micro. good news: very elastic :)
Happy Easter to all my Tweet Peeps!!!
Im becoming a boxer... RT : After Pay Per View cut, Mayweather is making about $47M tonight. That's $1.3M per in-fight minute.
Just learned that 3 of our corps members accepted positions at Milwaukee College Prep for next year! Congrats!
its a song honey
Just signed up for www.Ping.fm ! Time for hyperspeed social networking.
#idol - Jessica seemed more focused and poised to redeem herself. Power and vocal beauty made for a strong, excellent performance.
Yesterday was easily my best day off in 2012 so far!! what a day
You know you're a douche when 90 percent of your fb pictures are you with your sunglasses on
"yeh babe, just let me tweet this first" WTF are you thinking?
Perfect Pho weather ...
I HATE YOU AND YOU KNOW WHO U R!!! AND IF U DONT U SHOULD!!!!
: What ailed Mass. doesn't necessarily ail the other states in the nation.
RT he last of the human freedoms is to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances. ~Victor Frankl
do it do it do it omg
The awk moment when fran has a bf and thinks shes gonna marry amanda's sexy ass brother...
Well that's disappointing.
I will.. if she even comes. Its just me and two other person here haha
My boyfriend is taking mad long -____-
That is the most horrible thing I've ever seen. I'm so embarrassed to be a human.
RT Are you a local San Diego County Resident? Logon to www.hometownpass.com and ride FREE with a paying adult guest!
"To be successful, the first thing to do is fall in love with your work."
am I following you?
Just walked into Bartells and bought a candy bar, a coke, and an extra large rubbing alcohol. Clerk looked at me weird. I said "Dinner."
hahahahah didn't catch that.thanks
RT : #SM is different than other media channels. Its about relationships, recognition, engagement, value, and help.
I super miss
I got the 150 word articles done. Now on to the 300s. I got 10 of those to do. Wow it's never ending.
I love her just as much as she loves me
At least i can see my other one friday at EKU (a college)!
life is too hard, but JUST TO SELENA GOMEZ MAY EXCEED MILLION THINGS!
state testing again tomorrow. Woohoo. Not.
is now on Pandora Radio! Check it out: www.pandora.com
Beautiful night in Pittsburgh for Steelers football. The clear night and 50 degrees will
Nothing like coming home from a long, boring day of school to the smell of eggs.
Ya me entumi e
Few people know that Herbie Hancock got his nickname because he Goes Bananas.
'bout what?
so I can assume you're getting the electrolime foams?? Is there a list or 1st come 1st serve?
well I can imagine it being really emotional.
“: gotta say, i F*cking love my life. hope you feel the same about yours. you deserve it.” thank you mama! I needed this! Kiss
New Wicked Evil: The Pursuit Files with Radley Scott. Get ready for the new series everyone is talking about. Coming April 2012
Looking forward to a boring weekend
I hate being alone.
I'm glad we both have great taste
I love your avatar picture, sugar!
That's cool that ur mom is ur dentist XD I bet u say "I have an appointment next week with my mom" lawl
I did not, but I will! Thanks for the heads up. The guy is incredibly intelligent and has a fresh way of looking at things.
Its really sad to hear that Gary Carter has died. R.I.P
Wait, people in college smoke marijuana?!?!?! That's news to me #goducks #gettinghigh and
Night night
It was more of a jam session but very good...
The biggest fools in America are those who believe racism ended in the Sixties or the Nineties or when Obama was elected.
aw man better hurry up and get home so we can get that cheese before midnight
Hey Whats Up?
Beauty comes from within.
Ron Paul ends speech with "I believe we can restore America". Crowd chants "President Paul"
Still trading at Charlie Martin Stadium. 22 #Rampage 15, 4 mins left.
#Gm tweethearts up early at the hairdresser!
haha your such a creep you know that (: love u! <33 haha i feel bad, were like spaming zayn's feed thingy
I'll watch the start, but only probably like an inning :( got plans
Went zip lining this morning. Mentally preparing for dinner tonight
you know I was close two years in a row. I really would think that show would do well here.
What the hell this character is just not coming to me.
My kid is. Nudist.
Check out Real PR Media on Facebook to hear Little White Church sing to oncology patients at Children's.
#HappyFeetTwo !!! Such a cute/ awesome movie
The TV annoncers are talking about how great Mike Smith is (which he is) but the Coyotes Defense has been stellar tonight.
it was our pleasure! Hope to hear from you soon. Enjoy the cupcakes and HOPPY Easter!
Everyone told LSU it didn't matter if they lost, what If it does
Should schools be required to teach cursive writing? IN schools aren't. Watch testimony now in.gov/legislative
My Mom Said I Can Party As Hard As I Want When Im 21!!:]
RT : "Teach kindness, not greed." ~Occupy Wall Street sign
one of you should come today to Beth Johnson park. We will be marching against the war on woman from 12-5 pm
everybody follow she is new to twitter plz :) she follows back everytime
drama huh? :P
HAPPY Thursday! No sad stories please.
you should follow he's a great singer and look him up on YouTube he has an amazing voice his name is Dylan Hyde !
Come in to Bath & Body Bistro and show us your green and get 15% off your entire purchase!
I like how my sisters known as the one with the butt and I'm known as the one with the boobs.
some tax invasion lol can't run from IRS in united states
I did find time, an espresso and some leftover baguette pan toasted with cheese. Not great but it'll do to be going on with
Seeking a Sr. Environment Artist for my A RTS studio. Hit me up if you're interested -
You mean you think it won't be or that it shouldn't be? If it shouldn't, then what album should win?
Just grubbed a grip.
March 18th 2012. who knew I'd be sitting in this recliner thinking of you.
youve done a remarkable job at UP, Coach Rev -OSU Beaver fan in PDX who loves supporting the local kids
You're here in Twitter and in spirit!
Lemon Grove looking into social media, Facebook and Twitter. Or as councilman Jerry Jones called it: "Tweeter."
#10favouritebands THE WANTED
I was way hotter than him anyway. Ha ha ha
Thank God for the sun today!!! :)
Lmfao RT : We was there at 1055 lol RT : y'all not getting there before 11 now that's Bs Uhuh
What is it about your job that fulfills you?
Girls are heartless.
thanks Joey
We are looking for a few great partners/ bloggers on our latest project..... if you would like to network with us this season please dm!
I have a snuggy..it has skulls on it. That unlames it.
hehe ik i just wanted to say it :)
You're the man Adrian!! <3
#Country artist #DierksBentley performs at the Sixth & I Synagogue on 5/20!
Exclusive opportunity to purchase iconic NYC establishment with air rights/approved plans to build a luxury condo. DM for info
idknoo him. But he just started talkin to me.
Ntertania Nights- Saturday Edition... Downtown Cincinnati! Find me, stop me, ask me to take your pic, get a $10 gift card!
so overwhelming when i realize just how truly blessed i am! i LOVE my life & EVERY SINGLE PERSON IN IT! funny how wonderful things work out!
I know glad you liked it
harm probably not. Do I want to see them in my feed and have to block users constantly? Nope.
Good luck Eleanor(:
Live, learn, and LIVE some more... Life is way too short!
Prime Time? That's not for Elite squads!
ROSELLA and RESONANT SOUL are coming to THE BREAKFAST CLUB FEB 26th! More new songs and new ENERGY to follow!~
Leff: Sustainability is about deconstructing economic rationality (in material as well as theoretical terms)
aww your so sweet
I love you too Lissy! xo
(DC national committee woman) speaking now. Referencing her background with Reagan,the business community,values and Latinos.
I look forward to watching your organization develop!
I wouldn't be surprised, there were tons of dick drawings at the end. I think there was a Mr. T that was pretty funny.
New Steelers 3rd jerseys come out today at 430
ok. And why did u need me to get on Wattpad on a computer? We could just message each other.
A girl should never forget that she doesn't need anyone who doesn't need her.
Madrid and Sevilla for Easter break!.
Time to get your hair done? We’re providing transportation for our clients to St. Therese’s today for haircuts!
FREE dining & massages at the $5-10 PLO $500 uncapped game on the Plaza Level.
Thank you..btw..sent the video at the Sexy Organic show to NYC...you had a good walk..will update you on selections!! Happy NY
Haha RT If everyone is thinking alike, someone isn't thinking. George Patton
Going to be legendary
I need some entertainment
i know the press is really harsh sometimes! but we're all doing well, thanks for asking!!
Did you know today was National Take Our Daughters & Sons to Work Day?
At The vanguard waiting for doc martin
Practice was decent asL
At home at the end of the day boots are the way. The feet say "finally!" & the dog's psyched cuz' it means he gets a walk.
not officially together, but eventually will be.
You know you're a nerd when your best friend leaves you a hurried, excited voicemail about the release of Wolfenstein 3D to the Internet.
u guys are so funny !
Too busy thinking.
Happy Hump Day Everyone!
The Pour: Buying Local Wines: Does the Idea Travel Well?
Bumpin to Trina Single Again, y the right song always seems to come on at the right time :-)
This waitress at TGI Fridays is a real See You Next Tuesday.
true true
wait.... Raffle??? VIP passes passed? Didn't see it happen?
Only when you are willing to be fully responsible for your life can you be truly confident in your efforts. RT
thanks for giving me the sweet drunk pics to wake up to
MUST★★Follow and thank you
About to head into a serious meeting with Christy Turlington and some supermodels. Man, am I wasted!
hey whats up how are you
sad to see one of our neighbors go. We will miss their food and the people. Good luck to everyone at Mangiamo Pronto!
Helps to be on the right side lol.
Sounds like fun!!!
Day 4 of #mff2011 who's excited? Find me tonight at The Oriental at "Gainsbourg: A Heroic Life" and "Buddha Mountain". See ya there!
Love is a necessity to life
~thanks for the apology. i got my problem fixed, but could have done w/o the rudeness & blaming me for the issues i was having.
aight g... just hit the email
sounds like a plan!
Last class = taught.
Giant apples. Outside University College.
Follow back please. Im new
"how many people watched the Super Bowl this year?". I don't own a tv but I'm at adage's social tv conference. hm.
It's a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it. ~ W. Somerset Maugham
Hey Trina, have a safe trip
Oh - 3D scanning for rock art and in-field delicate objects/features. That sounds great! Virtual Arch
anyone know if the #instawalkraleigh is still going on? if so, for how long?
Happiest of New Years to you Joey, Linda, Lucy and all your loved ones. Be healthy and prosper. LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU! ♥
the half, yes! You?
i have no idea what im doing!
I've submitted as potential presenter. Is there time table for notification on that? I will book a table if not selected.
Ice and Coco
good luck!
I hate that it's the norm now for so-called media sites to just republish press releases. Where did all the journalists go?
thats the lion king
..the playoffs, things like this year can happen.
I'm in my training for Executive Team Leader of Assets Protection for Target. I have about 5 more weeks til I get certified.
Ah......feeling like a whole new human after this weekend! It was great seeing many of you! AND meeting some new folks. :)
#OldSchoolLunch my favorite part of the day thanks to and
Can you follow me please? good night, i love you so much, I'm proud of be SIMPSONIZER♥ sweet dreams, i'm proud of love you(:
The things on my prayer list are about my future not my today. I pray to be a good wife & I'm single
😒 well come n get me I'm tired and get Kay carseat out my car n his book bag 2 n him a sausage mcmuffin he don't ride 4 free 😉
#FaveAvenger From the movie, Captain America. But from the comics, the Vision or Quicksilver.
I just really need a cheeseburger.
“ every girl is a freak, just takes the right guy to bring it out.”
happy bday fam...hope u have a good one!
he makes young children sex slaves and soldiers and make them kill their parents over 30,000 kids.
Looking forward to chatting fashion w/ & the always entertaining TONIGHT at 8:15pm PT- tune in!
#np Til the cops come knocking - Maxwell (throwback!) ;)
Hold the fuck up!
Mc Chicken Combo with large fries, cheeseburger on the side and a Dr. Pepper Please :)
the time haves come
Escape From the Cubicle Nation by Inspiring!!
Good morning tweetplugs!!
Does Montana have an instagram?
its all good! Make sure you stop in tom and I hope you dont mind n following you too. I added you on
I'm officially sixteen. What now?
NUMBER ONE RULE : DONT EAT MY FOOD !
There has never been a better time to be a writer or filmmaker. HD, eBooks, CreateSpace, iPad apps, Photoshop...
Congratulations! May I bask in the glow of your hipster-ness? Hipsterness by association?
Long. Then again, what Monday isn't that way?
MB V.I.P is like $115 so if u didnt pay that...... U AINT GOT VIP TIXS!
it's pretty upsetting. This is not good
statue or winners medal, I'll take a statue
Natl archives case study. Wanted real time interaction w real people in exhibit
Nov27th Nation Wide live streaming event look for great artist in LA
lmao that place still open i miss them fuckin fries
Can anyone help me find out about #triathlons and running races in the #Philippines? Thanks!! :)
Hey! I would love to feature on LadyBallers, you think she would be interested? :) have fun!
lol...Can't Stop, Won't Stop (Puffy's voice) . Is that in response to you checking out the mix?
Please follow: if you are a fan of Cody Simpson! :) She follows back!
S/o 2 4 stopping by
Ask lindsay if she knows how set a g shock.
Time to roast up some new beans from Brazil!
Fuck my new bowl broke
Getting ready to present the webinar: The Marriage of Mobile and Social Media for
Not sure how I feel about this... #crazy live Tweeting brain surgery NOW.
Congratulations! That indeed is quite an accomplishment.
Hi new followers! Make sure to introduce yourselves! We won't bite...(hard).
Swoon. He is so adorable!
I want you, I can't lie
i make the best! But I can't.. because Im still in school :(
Our in home dryer vent cleaning and mattress cleaning applications can help create a more hygienic living environment for your family.
we might need those for katie and Lithuania tonight
Even though all my tweets are, technically, personal, this one feels even more so. My dad and Gene Kelly were both Steelers fans.
Jukagee in Bloomfield, NJ. It's an amazing Thai restaurant. Great ambience, great food, affordable prices and fantastic owners.
One more month and whoever reads Ak Rhythm Magazine will know that one choice, one secret, that has changed me for who I am today.
lmao! You are terrible. Wow.
NBC is succeeding at one thing: making great sitcoms with awesome casts full of rising stars. So they cancel all of them. Genius!
I plan to shop small on 11.26.11. Support your local economy and make 1 purchase at a local small business. That's all it takes.
The ENTIRE history of radio in one simple [INFOGRAPHIC] Happy 120 years old! You're looking pretty good for your age!...
I didn't think that I was so un-creative that I would have to look up my own tweet of the days. Oh well
and - thanks for coming by to hang out.
Facebook Messenger is the final straw. I don't want to be that connected.
watchin tangled with little joe
we'll be sure to check it out! Thanks bro!
Angela Ahrendts, CEO of will be at tonight! I'll be live tweeting from the event, 6 PM, Bossone.
jyeah!!! Bout to roll one, I see u grindin over there!
You can DO it.
Ppl who own tech. Are really comfortable w it. Ppl who don't use it are afraid of it.
GOTTA GOTTA NEW ONE RT: Left My Old Girl At Home Got A New One
btw...i do serve ice water w/the Cajuns for the rookies
Me too!
mm fine. Feeling better because is Halloween and thanks to the missing turquoise
I didn't know she reply back !
What are you doing? Friday night and you're home. Me too.
If you would like me to #followback and I am not #following you yet then please let me know so that I can #follow you now! :>
Thanks for following! :)
I'm a very lucky girl.
There is no such thing as an original fanbae nowadays. Everything fandoms have done now have been done in the past.
You're welcome and glad to help.
i wear the same thing when i do my homework! we are so alike!
Not to get personal, but how close are you? If he's a really good friend, I'd say it's innocent. If not, I'd say he wants ...
If no one has told you today just how special you are let me be the first one to say you are worthy and loved.
FYI, I don't usually care if folks thank me. RT : Important to thank people for sharing posts/tweets...
It's about time for another in Linklater's "Before" series. Want to know what's up with Delpy and Hawke.
what are you shooting right now?
Oh I don't. And you really shouldn't say things like that out loud... ya know, because of the whole penis thing...
RT : Your Words To Me...Reveal Your Perception of Me.
I hope you read thiss :-D I love you!!
You're in Boston!?! So jealous. Kick a Bad Sox fan for me, ok, love birds?
they just so shimmey
idk your call
appreciate the follow!
I'm all Crazylegged out for life.
Petting #dogs is proven to be a positive action and lowers blood pressure in #dog owners
This. RT When scientists are freaked out, you know things are bad
I remember RIC & Marc Smith WHEN Marc would get DRUNK he would brag how he stopped Woodie & Hoy from writing checks to an elected.
Sorry, it will not. And we do not have permission to do a later podcast either. :(
What to do now....
Listening to my mom talk about how hard burpies are... #OhIKnow #NoMoreForMe in a week!!
please tell me youre headed to Cleveland
KHQ Right Now - News and Weather for Spokane and North Idaho | Baseball from ... - KHQ Right Now
I love a 15 yr old guy from Texas who goes on ustream every friday & cheers everyone up! His name is
I keep seeing people reference that talk. I need to watch it.
what do you have to say about the white binder now? Barry Zito sitting atop the heap for 2012 Cy Young
Betty Draper. :)
ha.. I have no idea what that means.. but it sounds like your in for an interesting night ;)
Half time w , rockin the house
Y100 playing Daft Punk & Alesso mash up #nice!
light one up
Hungry for a snack? So are too many Milwaukeeans. Donate to on March 8 and your donation will be DOUBLED.
You have no idea. Thanks so much for the encouraging words.
Poised Creation has gone through the ups and downs! Thanks for being there!
I support this trend! Please RT! Since it's trending-amongst us-let's make it official with a hashtag
are ppl getting sicker or is the media just telling us about it more and more each year?
thanks for the mention! The event was awesome!
Zoo, Sea World, and Legoland are all open Christmas Day. The weekend weather will be perfect for an outdoor Holiday get-away.
that list is spot on, though I'd swap El Toro for El Castillito (Church) and change Gordo to Inner Sunset loc. Haven't been to Alteña.
we shall go when the opening hype dies down... me, you and !
Meh. I was hoping I'd be able to enjoy a little baseball during lunch today.
never a good thing, release the hate, dont let them control you.
New blog post: women should invest more, on their own, online.
Our #History is a representation of who we are. The lessons we learn from it are the only things that can help us to move forward.
yea imma run a few games wit my guy real quick tho
Rt The real ppl in your life are the ones who motivate you to do better! !!!!
Thanks to all of you who made our work possible in 2011. 70,656 meals served & more than 3,200 guests provided with case management!
When they will have an option in ANY ecommerce so shipping method will be applied per/product not per whole system.. Oh...
Have no fear! No zines were harmed in the #earthquake. However, their proprietor was rather shaken up.
RT Just about every great,brave or beautiful thing in our culture was created by someone who didnt do it for money
I got a new dance for us u gotta pay attention like so so bad
Do 1on1 webcam sexsions with the fans. Will meet you on yahoo and we can cyber sex via webcam 2gether email .
skype sucks!! anyone want to tango?
i did get it and used it. So proud to have you say such wonderful things. How are things with you?
Great win for the Ravens! Good way to go into the bye week.
No its random tho ^.^
Thanks for the #FF! Unfortunately, we're traveling to Minnesota today. ;)
wishing you were here at #Tribecon !
Thanks for all the kind words in regards to VISUAL ACOUSTICS. Much appreciated.
Rules do not equal fairness. You sound like a five year old child. "that's not fair"
Me egg sandwich is cold and I plan on taking it out on someone else later today
lmao you claim you know wat it is. I realty do tho. But you don't
5:30am flight so I can attend MLS broadcast meetings. Who's idea was this again?
idk what else to wear! i might wear my bathing suit top over my shirt too
Not having a great couple of days. Need to figure things out :(
I think they underestimate the grind
i just wanted to let you know that you are my hero and to be who i am everyday. Now i am a part of dance club and GLEE club.
Honey is not sweet like sugar
Help us, O God our Savior, for the glory of your name; deliver us and forgive our sins for your name's sake. Psalm 79:9
Only the hardcore shop the farmers market on a day like today. Yeah, I was there and it was hell.
haha yeah just try and enjoy it. I'll be up tomorrow! Hit me up
Term that's new to me, "net mortality society": those societies (Japan is one) in which annual number of deaths now outnumber births.
The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch. ~Jim Rohn
I love these people flapping on about what a POS Google+ is. It hasn't been live for a 3-digit number of HOURS yet.
But that 5-year old Optiplex: we gotta keep an EYE on that one!
..Plenty of surprises and give aways at the show tmrw night, plus you'll have the 1st chance to pick up my new 3 song cd sampler! CANT MISS
new laptop!
bro u got a baby
hey.. I can call to work and ask, but what time was your shift tonight? 5 or 6?
It's Monday. Enter BROWNS25 at checkout to take some of that Monday pain away and save 25% at W.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
thanks Shan, you rock love & miss you too! :)
U telling me to toot it n boot it but u need to toot it n boot it right out of my life....kick rocks!
preach ! RT “: If you Negroes stay home In November because O supports marriage equality you will deserve Mitt Romney.”
Never giving up and pushing forward will unlock all the potential we are capable of.
ng to the #MKEShindig at #sxsw? Like free brats?? is sponsoring some Wisconsin goodness :)
Floating on iCloud nine.
im tryna b the next to blow
Who is excited for the possibility of a healthy Sid for all of next season? I know I am!!!
You gonna think I invented sex [;
Top 5 Hiking Trails in Colorado Springs - Yahoo! Sports
ID Greatness: Learners can see that it is all about them, their tasks, their priorities, and their futures. #astd2012 via
“: Dinner with mom and dad! It's been five months.” Enjoy those frog legs!
Thanks for the follow. Doing the same. Will be in touch.
I abs love Unique! They need to make Alex a season regular!
I need to see this chick RT : Bro Jeanie in Medford is smokin Hot ...
Lol laid upside down on off my bed a little bit to long and my nose started bleeding..thats a first
Happy Easter and Passover to my friends!!
Waiting for the session scheduling here at #MindCamp ... nice to be in a room full of geeks again.
I think she's a lesbian
Excited to be presenting about PREP at SDSU's 1st Annual Conference for the Center for Family, Community, School Engagement!
how long ago did you teach abroad before you went into IT and where ?
Im tryna dj at a damm utsa a event im tryna get my name out there. Err body knows me as a dj but neva heard me spin. Yall call me if yal ...
Making some good progress on the rework/rewrite of "Fortress", thanks Harmony Central Songwriting! New EP in the works...
I wish I wore socks today. My feet are cold.
HAHA Sorry Jayne...basically Happ DFA, everyone needs to be moved up and Weiland still good.
Someone needs to get me the fuck outta my house!
Its nicer today. I'm hoping it stays this way, but who knows.
You never cease to amaze me w/ your incredibly insightful recaps & commentary. Thanks for 5 yrs of illuminating Lost coverage!
Roots taps, 3$. Packer game. Brewers bangers and kraut...
why trade away young position talent there are too many holes to fill
RT But and the battery-powered WiFi save the day. Yes!
Best conversation starter: "omg, is that from ?" while both are wearing Nasty Gal.
Bring in the semi truck trailers!
lmao, ya'll got your lyrics done?
Ready for tomorrow
Nonfiction winner: The Swerve: How the World Became Modern by Stephen Greenblatt
How Is there even a DEBATE as to whether is a 1st Ballot Hall Of Famer?! Kj is PURE CLASS PERSONIFIED! & a True LEGEND!!
When sites like Pinterest have "waiting lists" are they trying to establish fake exclusivity, or do they really have to limit their members?
But yeah. I can totally imagine wanting to do that!!
My son with Asperger had his 1st day in High School. I e-mailed all his teachers with a short introduction about him. Kept it postive.
Well I went at midnight with my parents on friday, saturday with parents and a youth sponser, now my other friends wanna go
Try the root beer float. It's amazing!
Thx for the recommendation. , what say you?
Chicago-founded marketing company raises $30 million in IPO
Give us a heads-up when you're done, and we'll share the results with alums. Good luck! ^jom
New owner: "too many media institutions chase superficial metrics of online virality at expense of investing in rigorous reporting."
No problem! Let me know if you have any questions.
Is shooting the staggering 8000sq penthouse of another famous photog. Starting to feel like I picked the right carreer!
can i txt u too
bahaha love it!
An edcafe is a student centered/ student led version of edcamp for the classroom.
Glad to hear you're a fan. What's the best sub they have?
what???? why.....? what the thing that make you feel that???
Value just went way down for both players. That's an expensive night out on the town.
I wanna know if people actually read my tweets. RT this if you do sometimes, all the time, maybe, stalking..., etc.!
We will live by the ocean sometime before I die. For SURE! :) It's like a zen place for me...total peace & contentment.
He's dead.
It probably had better battery life than my iPhone.
so uh... this is the twitter machine huh? Cool...
❤ “: Happy Birthday to my Mother's Day Present...Karly Q! 11 Today! Whoa. Time to Celebrate, Little One. :) We Love You!”
Bad news for the #Brewers. They got the leadoff man on again.
bread bro
listening to music from the best of the number 1, SELENA GOMEZ,
RT : UGHH WISH I CAN GET ME SOME GREAT PENIS IN THE RAIN
what kind of deodorant did mr. Baseball use in 1997?
Dont know how to study for finals without the barnes
glad your brother is ok
I have this good feeling about scoring tonight ...
Who? Obama? Are you kidding me? Have you even read the Manifesto?
Pin up shoot with today!
Thank you ECE supporters! We have sent over 150 letters!! Please continue to send them!
:O what whyy
Nice chatting with you today - you have a great little family; If you ever need anything, please feel free to reach out to me.
Just finished the rhodes keyboard parts for another track. Only 1 more to go! Im so stoked for this album. Next level stuff!
apparently I'm easily excitable.
I'm so sorry for your loss <3
RT : The new Zelko Bistro (in the Heights) soft opening is scheduled for Wednesday the 14th!
Alan Kay: Science and art are both about the aha moment: realization of thoughts one has never had. CS Lewis: Surprised by Joy?
#LasVegas I've missed you. Are you ready?
Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing; a confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished
I've cried more over these two one tree hill episodes than I have in the past year....easily.
Women who are diabetic before their pregnancy and those who develop gestational diabetes should watch their vision closely for changes.
take a look at my other tweets earlier today
Maybe going to see "What to Expect When Your Expecting Tonight." I'll be sure to give an update as to what to expect before viewing.
Natural Health Trends Announces Financial Results: DALLAS, May 10, 2012 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Natural Health Trends Corp. ( OTCQB:NHTC)...
I love study leave, have fun at school tomorrow guys xo
that's not true
love this to itty bits!
Thanks for keeping me entertained I was dead bored out my mind yesterday. Gud friends r hard to find
omgg i know right?! Boo coffee pee! :P
“When a team outgrows individual performance and learns team confidence, excellence becomes a reality.” Joe Paterno
IL Lt. Gov Sheila Simon: we all need to understand the importance of the arts in education.
OMG fox sucks.
gives a preview of "See Also" new #lodlam project. Awesome.
what's with older women & their love for anklets? Way to ruin a great pair of shoes
WOW thats whats up! U gone do it??
#librarytestkitchen Enhance Need It Now core with unexpected resources and see what happens...would RFID tell us lib, faculty) about use?
hey just met a friend of yours....small world
At the roller rink for 's party. If everyone does get their own personal hell, satan's just gonna rent this place out for me.
Awwh how come you've only slept 7 hours? I bet you are exhausted xo
gotta love Damien Lewis.
I'll be thinking of u as u run that river tmrw! thx for all the motivation! save me a beer after, lol! enjoy the ride!
new to chicago- we just opened wednesday, but our doors are open in #lakeview and we're serving up delicious and healthy meals
3 REASONS GIANTS/REDSKINS OVER 37.5 - 1) Both teams "D" create turnovers/short field, 2) Zorn unleashes Campbell & 3) Eli Gets His Groove on
the funniest show is
I think I agree.
Maybe there is a "draw" app and I can sign with my finger :-)
2nd break-1st time today above starting stack. Have 14000.
In Highlands Whats Good Where U
I saw Joe Jonas yesterday. He's very cute! :-)
Then he ran into my knife He ran into my knife ten times.
This bus smells like rancid BO. Ugh.
Kauai! It's harder to get away from the cruise ship-crowd on Maui.
"Like" this post if you love coming in to see us! Know what? We like you too!
This Saturday night I'll be in a swimsuit competition in North Miami!!! Come out and support!!
Rejection is fine. In fact I would LOVE to be rejected right about now... It's the getting in the door, that's the hard part.
Why are bus drivers such wankers.
Attn Podcasters: Woodfish's song Starlight Remedy is now podsafe on the pod safe network at music alley.
Dear Leslie Frasier, something tells me the Vikes aren't gonna stop the Pack from being one step closer to 16-0 tonight. Just a wild guess.
At the Cutting Lounge in Mukilteo sharing about #Isagenix. Having fun talking about #nutrition!
S/o to my sexy
LeBron is on his shit this quarter!!!
dear how about your great drivers actually try to deliver a package, instead of lazily clocking out early
Applied for more jobs today... (sighs)
whatcha get at MOO?
Any publishers (POD, self publishers) have experience with lightningsource.com? I'd love to hear your review (pos or neg).
bitch, it's easter i can eat as much candy as i want.
cant wait for the cws
Tonight is birthday La Loteria celebration. Come watch the madness.
P2 needs surgery; If you care about him don't vote for him
Hilarious! and so true!
I totally was! Saw the free wine and all. So tempting.
Tourists on midday trains.
lost yo # stranger! As Well as everybody else's. Ha
it's 2:18am and warm
Oops. Too much traffic, and our site crashed. Working on it now!
When I'm sleepy as hell i have this really annoying laugh
u make me wanna drive drunk and go to jail again #shitpeopleneversay but that's how I feel
I'm just on twitter too much
Goin on a music overdose till monday!!! Wanna say have a good weekend 2 my space friends and my haters!!!!!!! DUCES
Love is the answer. But while you're waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions.
Can't wait to tweet at you ALL. THE. TIME.
Thank you Project Haiti students for the "cake balls with awesome sprinkles" - bake sales rock
Fear, you can be here with me, but you're not allowed to drive.
dude its not paternos fault for that chomos actions. You proved my point exactly, youre a real dumbass. Shouldve known by nwo
any more announcements??? I am dying here!
guys... Saturday morning workout group
My son is editing video from his camcorder for the first time. About time he did something with his computer other than play games :-)
standin in the rain so long has left me with a lil rust, but put some faith in me & someday you'll see theres a diamond under all this rust.
Not really any point to having bike lanes in #roc if they're always filled with broken glass. Street-sweep, please?
u must pick a good place 2 do the deed. somewhere no one will c u. where no one will hear yer ferocious shredding.
Now we got it just right, something that we both like.
saw a new blackberry that leaked out, on youtube...... it looks very cool....
I came in contact with a old man who had every reason to complain. Instead he told a joke.
Apple is annoying me... #TeamAndroid!
Enter to win reserved seats 4 u and 9 friends on 5/2 at 7PM in Denver! Txt SUPERHERO & ur zip to 43549. Entry deadline, 4/30!
we are going to do some damage this year, coach.
I suck at tumblr-ing.
If you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow.
I don't even know what it is ... And His brother is !? Didn't know that . I have to go with my sister -_-
with a backup QB...
Fell in love with the moon last night...some how she caught my eye...had to throw the dancin shoes on and work my moves in ...
we're from San Diego, so.. CLASSY ;)
Blue-screen-of-death 2 min before important customer demo... need to do something about my laptop.
My pants are big today xo the fit me perfect like 2 weeks ago!
This could be so helpful!
Woot! Thanks very much. :) RT : Well done , well done. I'll be back.
When people RT Paulie it makes me happy, because I love him and he was one of my first followers (:
Our history sub is such a nerd..
What are you referring to?
YES! haha It's great to be in an outfit that makes ya feel that awesome!
@ California pizza kitchen....Atlantic station, I gotta craving for some pasta
Wtf?! I came in my sleep. my underwear are all wet. Has anyone else did that before?
first off your name on here is soo ridiculous. but 2 MORE DAYS! 2 more days! 2 more days!
I really want to!(;
no, KC recovered
<<< Yep, just business as usual. How about you?
#nowplaying Shelter Me ♪ Cinderella
I heard been giving you work in #2K "I'm just saying" talmbout Practice! Yea you need some
pretty sneaky...lol
Just swatted half a dozen flying black bug thingies. I think we need to spray bomb all SE Wisconsin
My #fridayreads are Camus's THE STRANGER and a whole lot of govt. contracts. They shall battle each other mightily!
Soo my neighbors are fighting & throwing things.. Apparently they don't realize it's the middle of the night..
are places open for breakfast this morning? Lol
Yeah I'll have one for you. You bought plane ticket yet?
Bored what should i do
Nothing will work unless you do. ~ John Wooden
#BBN sad sad night.. I'm gonna miss anyone who leaves... :( especially Lamb if he declares..
Question for #SMB what's the most effective content you use to engage with your customers? Blog, case studies, FB,Twitter others?
our personal tree offers shade, its scent, the whisper of the breeze through its leaves, a few moments solitude a rest,
Kinda has my presentation done... Maybe I won't have to go today. :) "giddy on up and giddy on out"
darkness of the world
Miss United States 2012 National Pageant: July 3-8, in Washington, DC! Now Confirming State Titles. Reserve Yours Today! Cc:
I'm your knight in shiny wrestling tights.
I miss when no one used Twitter..
Professional football players will end up having shorter careers, retiring in early 30s due to potential health risks
lol - Drake gets the thumbs up 4 sure. Common's too old to front like that. Drake is too new to know he's
Gawd how annoying people can be like do they actually think give a fck☺
Dat dude young wanting change and running is mouth starting shit was lucky I was with Neva or he would got knocked the f*ck out!!!
no but I wouldn't mind them! Hint hint
I am following
4/20 rally Denver is only a couple days away.
Good luck on Tuesday!
HID Remote Controlled Spotlight -35 Watt - Projects 5000' Beam - 15 million candlepower - HID-35-RC
Almost had a fight with a boy today..... I was ready to with the sweatpants and vaseline, lol
Cool! I'd love to hear your thoughts on the subject and what you're thinking about for your projects.
Just found I locked myself outside of the house
Follow Lil Twist (:
I love sucking a cum-coated cock that has just been in my ass then have the dude piss down my throat. That was dude #2 of the day. Need more
Haddingtons. Love this place!
I promise to never hate on cover up again! Although some girls cake it on, using just a little makes my bronzed go on flawless!
LLN im blasting to make my neighbors mad xD
Nicholas Cage is such a bad ass
We've launched, help us spread the word! We're helping market accelerators incubators and startups around the world!
Yea.. The ladies call me big D
Dear boss, I'm going to be late. The #royalwedding coverage has taken over my mind and body...
If You Could talk Shit About To SomeOne Else Why Cant You Say it To My Face ??
Trend topics in Milwaukee 2night: Scott Walker, Tom Barrett and I Want You Back?
Some people are like clouds. When they disappear, it’s a brighter day ~ Tumblr
RT Working on proposal for Student Parent Support Symposium. What resources do you feel r most important to Student Parents?
That sounds delicious. I'm working on a kale and fennel gratin because I am on such a kale kick.
“: OF Domonic Brown strained his left hamstring today in a Triple-A game. He is day to day.”GRRRR
3GS. Contract is up - able to upgrade. Just waiting for 5.
hope it was edible ;)
Let the waiting game begin #anhourwait?
You didn't think I would do it would you?lol You could have whooping cough if its been long. You should go to le doctor Blake :(
Wintertime grillin'. The best thing since...Summertime grillin'.
I can't fuckin stand when people call their mom's a bitch. Doesn't matter how mad you are. You have a roof over your head, don't you?
Why there is fake friends around..To show who my real friends are
Ward. Knuble charged net, then in high traffic in front of Thomas, Ward snuck it in on the rebound. It happened so fast!
Ya, I smoke weed this early in the morning. Wake and Bake.
Black and gold looks amazing. Can't wait for tonight entertainment
Good Morning, I just had school this morning, what about u?
Points go to Nerad for using pedagogy in a sentence.
goo, food's always worth it :D
Check out the primo Bar Louie Pic and "Sunday Funday" article onmilwaukee.com
I hope my homie pass her finals tomorrow, I dont want her to be like Marco totti lmao
duh! It's like a must lol
Counting down to the White Out part 2 on Sat, we hope no one leaves on a stretcher but we can't promise anything
Good You? Im at school and about to leave ill talk to you later cause im about to go to a diffrent class bye=]
it looks awesome:)
Really don't care too much for my reality today. Can I borrow yours?
10 more and the lead might list through five.
Does Gene Shalit know that Geraldo is using his moustache?
People get me so guh
with no vicky cuz she could be a buzz kill lol
A9: I don't discriminate against chocolate - I love every type :)
This one hurts, I'm overwhelmed with emotions
happening to me a lot lately!
It's like a combo of being jealous that one of you is hanging out with the other. I like you both so much, I can't pick.
power play goal by Bill Thomas at 19:18 of the 1st period. Tied 1-1.
Bonus, you could afford to DOUBLE the number of hands, ears, feet... you have! Ha!
Just updated the screenshots in the app store and the app store description. Hope people like it! Will take a while to update though!
“: Can I get some goodmorning mentions :-)?”☀☀
Wait, is the choice between yoga and cupcakes? Because in that case, cupcakes. Always cupcakes!
shit so strong you would swear its cologne.
Play in our $150 qualifier today @ 1p and get one step closer to being a WSOP bracelet champion!
Follow Boston
10 Points Define A Good Restuarant Website: 7. Keep your customers informed.
Congrats on successful $1M MATCH campaign. We have such a generous community in MKE!
What about the Strokes???
Enjoyed my time with you guys this morning
"To kiss the tears right off her face, tell her everything's okay. Feel her heart beat next to mine, and make up for lost time."
That was fun.
shit not sure yet hopefully to chill and drink a lil
thanks for the reply. that interview was jan. 5. just saw a bit on the vroomans on koin tonight.
Food Fact of the Day: Feb, 24 1938 DuPont begins production of nylon toothbrush bristles. No more brushing your teeth with hog hair!
American Idol: mistake after mistake after mistake after mistake after mistake....
I know it's going to be a good day when i have Skin&Bones by stuck in my head :)
mr Fusco, go to bed!
One of the (few) good parts about going bald is not feeling nearly as compelled to use an umbrella in mild rain.
Watching the US Open on a picnic blanket under a tree. Thanks to the perfect weather in Madison Square Park.
Salzburg Festival sells 213,000 tickets. How many millions have read about, listened to, or watched coverage and broadcasts?
YOU BEST STAY AWAY FROM ED YOU DAMN RIOTERS. FUCK OF. ugh such a bad first impression Seattle...
um...do dat keisha cole love
New server added: vpn-pl1 - new dynamic ip pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Zurich, Switzerland It's available in your customer area now.
Good luck on your interview today!!
Well isn't this great nothing is as it seems
Had a great #vegan class last night at The Chubby Cook in #cle- Chef Welter made some incredible food and everyone had a great time!
Really excited about new things coming w/ some amazing people!
Are you going to The Slackers show on Saturday?!?!?!
swear i can talk to about anything
Okay, I like to watch "Cops" on TV, hubby & kids are surprised by that - what else will surprise them???
Three cheers for day!! cc
Columbia River Historic Highway, between Hood River & The Dalles
I spent 55 minutes biking. 821 calories burned.
My demo clips are uploaded to my imdb page and should be ready for viewing by tomorrow!
Ha ha it's nice to know everyone feels the same way on Tax Day.
Shout out to a great follower
And when it flushed
great shot!
Thank you for the inclusion! ^TM
HATER-->RT: Lmao I'm not following nkotb or mr.domestic violence!!!!
Thanks for the RT :-)
RT : This week, please ignore my nervous twitch. I am without #library access. Poor SPL is closed due to budget cuts.
HAPPY DIAMOND MONTH EVERYONE!!!!
I want to see Luly.
Think I'm complaining, keep it moving! Im not mean just cuz I speak my mind!
Love the skin our in.-PD
Work till two then hampton bound with a few of my fav ladiezZz.
RT : If you haven't heard, this years date is May 19th (9-5) - spread the word! MTM
Thanks for the follow!
Do they really have to wait this long for the colts and Skins pick? it's not like there are any surprises going on..
London-bound Aon backs Lloyd’s plans Aon Risk Solutions, the broker’s global risk management business that is moving back to London h
when I like a guy I tell them & tell them to make the first move.
Shooting for an MTV show last night went great..as we say.. any small part could eventually be the only thing you need! #ThisTeamIsOnFire!!
The nap i took>>>>
Want to run a new and awesome foundation?
Thnx to for chance to speak to great group from overseas Talked about how Buckeye helps in policy making process
my dance teacher in our school teaches me hip hop lol
I've got 3 booked for Tuesday, waiting for one more to jump in. 10AM-Hillcrest, 11:30AM-MIssion Valley, 4PM-U Heights so far
We got a couple of things planned. Thanks! Busy happy day!!!
Not sure if ppl put their running\workout updates on twitter to make themselves fee better or the rest of us worse...
I ate an ENTIRE pot of jambalaya today... I made it today at 12!
I wish I could!
it's the perks of living in Orlando lol.
the milks gone bad !
should do a song with !
i'm good fam! Workin on a few things! Whats the word?
when do y'all get out of school?
Even in the worm that crawls in the earth there glows a divine spark. When you slaughter a creature, you slaughter God. Go #Vegan!!!
Great day for golf at the San Diego Country Club! Gotta get some practice in.
if the #Packers are looking to boost the return game, there's good news! Dan Connolly is a UFA!
Turkey day is coming soon. Keep in mind the food will be there all day. Portion control is the key!
thanks for the mention Barbara. Only 4 days til i'm off to Vietnam!!!!
Circular logic. Kinda like Palin on Wikipedia. RT : But the Bible says that's all you need!!
If you wanna scream YEAH let me know and i'll take u there. Got you like aoooh baby baby oh oh baby baby
Are they really using a saw in here?
How funny is the wheelchair race scene in the movie 'Days of Thunder'? #rubbins'racin'
means everything to me!!
I would if I didn't mean it.
Does anybody think UL can beat UK?
I'm transcribing interview notes for a project.
“: Love the #whatever addition.” lol.I'm such a bloody North American!! Did u look up Warner Bros HarryPotter land
That awkward moment when dudes try to get with you but you don't wanna get with them.. Yeah -__-
“: . belting in the car... #thingsihavemissed #illalsomissmyeardrums” one of the reasons I love to drive.
IT'S TUESDAY ! COME ON IN FOR THE BEST PORK CHOPS (5.99) IN TOWN!
Man, he took my lead! RT : My 5 yr old boy says CarGo vroom vroom!
oh so perfect!!! Thanx, see u sexiness son
I love this cover so much! It's been on repeat. <3 You sure were tickling those ivories :P
Back in third place on da league and all is right in the world.
Note to self: the last place a writer should share good writing news is on a forum for writers, especially one for which he pays dues.
I need new followers on instagram : 94z28nos
O GURL. GUESS WHAT I JUST SAW.
We have shipped more IP-at-the-Door access control systems worldwide than any company in the industry. via
Yup no bed til last out RT : I'm sticking this one out on principle. Although neither club has earned it. Can't bunt, cant run
absolutely! They put on a great show as always. Really talented dudes, so good!!! How is your concert??
That's nice to hear, thank you!
says hes just sitting there waiting for me to poke him.. :o
“: Live simply. Love generously. Speak truthfully.
And now, the PR script gets unfurled. Somebody has to catch the blame cause God knows Angelina could have F-ed up.LOL!DRINK ALCOHOL
don't you dare forget
On Pinterest!! #PINNINGatEVERYTHING HA HA HA!!
Wow, think I'm gonna re name my band "The Socialst Ninjas" Best band name ever lol :)
Re-certification for Servsafe is $180?!?!?!
still need a feature
- it is a sad state of affirs and just seems to get worse and worse. We need a responsible press. Too bad ours is so pathetic.
sorry, different song...
Wow! Central catholic raises 100k+ just on paddle raise for tuition assistance
puzzling...only way I do that is possible trade for 3rd next year?? Or develop him and trade to Raiders next year???
Can you #sneeze with your eyes open?
I love cooking
yeaa!!! ill never forget you saving me at fader fort RT : yay! was wondering if you'd be at sxsw this year :)
Been very very busy I love LA
My new followers and all my followers -today was a very exciting big day and I wish you all had a great day, chatting soon w/ u all:)
thank soo much for listening!! :) we appreciate it :)
I feel real bad for KG. He played a great game on D but the O was not there. I really feel for him. My fav r one of them
I have a free day on Sundays..so I am thinking of taking handgun classes to finish of my Lara Croft imitation. LMAO!
wat is melissa talking bout ? who dont she fuck with?
Does anyone else want to just walk by and dump a bucket of paint on those blubbering women in the Verizon commercial?
I've never been this excited to work on Derby day! #workflow 🌹🌹🐎🌹🌹
If you take metra Justin get off at Clybourn. And take the Armitage bus to California
"Dear Santa: Give me Bieber or I'll kill you" lol lil causin is #random but her expresion is
Thanks so much to all of our new followers! If you have questions about vision care diagnostics and social media, let us know!
I wouldn't even take a free one.
hahaha hubbly bubbly? never heard that one before.
You like cheese without the corners, in other words you'll never be a slice bitch!
Kasey Kahne won today. Take that haters. He still winning and making more money than you!
name some please
Drank a killing 1982 Chateau Batailley that Joe Martin brought!
QoTD: "A person determined never to be wrong won't likely accomplish much." (Ken Wisdom)
Feeling like I'm not wanted......
haha thanks I am going to need it
Essentials of life- something to do, something to love and something to hope for. Have a great one!
tell us more! where was he sitting/where were you sitting?
for sure! Glad you all are getting some nice weather! Enjoy!
hahahaha. LA need a rest. Went 7 games w/ Denver. They a lil older so LA will be str8. They need to get the next game n OK.
We're trying to think of ways to fundraise for ... How do we do it everyone? www.sperantsa.com
Will be playing a free show at The Foundry on Melrose tomorrow night at 9:30 pm! Full band, full rock - great food and drinks. Stop by!
thanks Carly!! I appreciate that! How's la! I'll be out there soon!
i just got back from the pool
is my amazing girlfriend <3 If your not already following her, you definitely should :D
Digitizing a nice silhouette of blind Justice. Silhouette work is a specialty of mine. :)
Climb new heights with the guidance of Hollywood Elite Trainer Max "The Body"
RT : Final day of #mcoa2012. Now up, Jeff Hamiel with MAC update
why not?
Ah just ran into
yeah judging in approval for picking funyuns, the best chips ever
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso
Were you nervous when they played Towson the other night??
God wants to beat Floyd Mayweather tonight...but God is usually wrong
You forget who the starting QB is for the Colts?
Everyone FOLLOW ---> <--- and check out his YouTube!
Fuck this. Im gonna do what I want. I dont give a shit what you think. #FuckYouBitch!
Follow the doctor stalker
Let me know when your heading over....
That's why good planning helps to make elusive dreams come true
thanks for the follow but every time I see your name I think of eschatology
Who wants some art?????
Had a good day today!! Very crazy today 4 some reason :-)
I qot shoelaces if Mario. I LOVE them, haha xD
Tan time, YEAH!
I may or may not have just consumed the best tasting burger in the world.
#PhillyJazz Appreciation Day in Philly. My props to Steve Lacy who found Monk and then found his way.
You're awesome, my friend. Congrats.
“: “: STOP. Beyonce is receiving a writing/journalist award? Er??! 😳” ✋ For?????”>>>an essay she wrote for Essence..
Hey Man! Long time no see ;-)
If "con" is the opposite of "pro," is Congress the opposite of progress?
A hero is someone who understands the responsibility that comes with his freedom. - Bob Dylan
I was there the other night for happy hour. Amazing!
Thank you, my dear, & you as well!
Well, today I hiked up cascades, and now im at subway. Lovely :)
. Another reference in the 1634 ed. of the Comp. Works of Ambroise Parey. I'll get that to you Mon. Just remembered. :)
Sometimes it's creepy how my stations and #iTunes knows my mood and musical taste.
"...his affection toward her was misplaced, like a hashtag on Facebook..."
heh heh. can I use that?
I would like to thank for joining me in Portal 2 last night.
You're welcome.
definitely getting an artic rush float today from DQ. mm mm m
#ifidiedtommorow i would finally look in the mirror and accept who i was
#salyardsbengals Go Bengals! Good luck on you STAAR tests -- from Huntsville, Alabama
It's very important to have the right clothing to exercise in
This girl in this class is playing flipping #mileycyrus...shoot me please...
Life is tough. It’s even tougher if you’re stupid.
If u dont GO afta wht u want, u'll nevr have it. If u dont ASK, the ans will alwz be NO. If u dont step fwd, u'll alwz be in the same place.
Yes, I believe I would!
#GURUday All Day...
Great to meet in person in such a wonderful. powerful setting! The Union lives on. Yes, we will get together soon.
Finding all about
thanks Mayor Bing for having your office email Targeted Detroit Business opportunities out to us.......sure is great to see!
This is really hard for me say to but Go Bears!
New at tweeting hopefully it will all make sense in the end
you know me I'm bringing it. Today it's a yellow mustachio theme
A mom blacks out - drives into a river - her two kids in the backseat....find out what happens next...at 11pm on 10TV!!
HeLLo :b RT : lookin at some throwback 2008 pics of me and and Man I miss them days
"Students doing blended learning on their own" how can we use this?
Today leather bag computer taken out of truck in Barrel #Lafayette LA REWARDoffered for safe return.Pass it on !No questions asked
Youu Fucken Wish Bitch. Nobody Fucken Believes You. Get Over It. Please Your just an attenion whore.
Wondering what your thoughts are re: Peyton coming to Denver? Also re: nachos?
Ah, almost finished w/ Ind Proposal: lesson learned, no such thing as no strings attached one night stand with a billionaire. Unless...
