Iced Americano with White Mocha tastes especially wonderful this morning
You know your a belieber if u have over 10 posters of the biebs
i've never had so many avocados in my house at once. there's this guy on kanan who sells 10 for 5 bucks. and they're GOOD
The events unfolding in Egypt are remarkable and could have a profound impact on the region and the world. Are you following it?
WOW! Really?
I made it out this morning so hopefully you'll be good! Fingers crossed.
ladies if he want to leave let him go....one mans lost is another man treasure
the background of your twitter profile is a little obsessive don't you think? is going to have to buy you one soon.
I hope azarenka is truly injured and not trying 2 avoid serena. When did she get injured?
People are funny today. Keep up the good social networking friends.
thanks for unfollow me
MY BABY! :c
still waiting?
where? Come drink.
Thank you, doll!!! I appreciate it!!! <3
Also the videos in that playlist only repeat "A Universe Not Made For Us" even though the title of the video changes.
Please Wish Your Mom Happy Mothers Day From Me (: If It Wasnt For Her I Wouldnt Have YOU<3 And YOU ARE MY EVERYTHING<333
Tomorrow's my bday
“: I wanna watch some bad reality TV tonight... Whats on??” Lakers vs OKC
Thanks, Shawn! ;)
Phones and email are back! We apologize if you could not reach us yesterday.
omfg yes! Jrkfebfnwoedixnfebgbeeejd going into overload. Too much to handle!
I absolutely LOVE the debates that take place on my Facebook page!
screw car shopping, i'm buying a new bike first!
42.7% of all statistics are made up on the spot.
Flashing lights outside stars in my eyes its always for the fame but it wont end up the same ;p lalalalala :)
m pie..rude! Guess we'll have to wait for Easter eggs then...
Dont forget november 24 will be live in concert inside makin plans now to be there!!!
taking it one day at a time, Optimism is never overrated
"Don't Ya" finished at Sine Studios, it's got even more of and edge. New version online soon. Mastering Demo Tuesday at Studio 4!
Henry Meier Festival Grounds. I used to watch Mayor Meier sing for Summerfest opening days when I worked on WISN/Ch. 12.
having a staged reading of my play at the end of the month -- coming up too fast! Aggh! need a valium
“When I thought I couldn’t go on, I forced myself to keep going. My success is based on persistence, not luck.” – Estee Lauder
Sorry, I am just floored that they would print such a wrong headline.
youre on the road to recovery.
It's been months. I still hate the new #Gmail. Why can't I see anything and it's impossible to scroll. Fix it,
Visual Art Supply in Normal Heights. The address is listed now. Sorry about that!
Boeing should start painting pigs on their wings.
Misconception #6 Teamwork is magical.
never believe a word i say until i prove that word
u gonna be at Allegria in Long Beach, NY this Thursday or what? I know some of the boys will be there!
Really wanna go to the skatepark but none of my friends are awake to come with me
No strings attached yea I like that ;)
Today is my 8 year #nyc anniversary! I love this city.
Obviously. You'd screen print it yourself.
RT : Fab gig last night from at - so good to hear Martland's Horses of Instructions again, such a...
MT #reprojustice advocates, why aren't we protesting outside CPC's? // Good question. We should be.
This announcer dude is f.a.f
26 yo Sean Warner may face new charges now that 14 yo girl he's accused of injecting w fatal dose of heroin has died.
Sanchez can think of the bright side....at least Terry didn't get him front on. That would of hurt!
Bow wow <3
2nd 5K went well but I think I overdid it. My body is really hurting and I'm not feeling well today. Ouch!
Hi, thanks for coming to the party !! Follow me back on here ! joey
Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, even if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason -Buddha
Can't wait to take the top off the jeep
!!!! I love your speeches they are so inspirational AND your music! Thank you for following me! :-) Keep up the great work!
just more anti-ryno propaganda from a guy trying to sweep sandberg under the rug.
Joyce Long is trained in a multitude of different Massage techniques, which she has studied all over the world.
wow...see..people rarely go there huh..
"Prayer should be the key of the day and the lock of the night."
that's cool! I took it in my "gifted" classes then in high school. Haha where are you from?
seriously.. they have just canceled everything interesting this past TV season.
The Mozambique Eyecare Project is an intriguing resource!
please welcome our trainers to twitter! follow!
cheer up kiddo.
I wanna do #jewstands instead of work:(
why the hell am i up so early?
Its Not Even My Birthday ! But iWann Lick The Icing Off !!
Anda el diablo now theres a cat in my house !
Just made the coolest quilt ever! Can't wait to show you all pictures. Photo shoot this afternoon...
Only 4 more followers to go! Our 143rd will win a FREE portrait of themselves drawn by our drummer. (he's very talented!.... seriously)
Where is the goddamn wrapping paper?
It was awesome!
Sometimes if something is not right, it doesn't mean that it is necessary wrong at the same time...
He is adorable :)
Shame on you and the rest of the management crew for ALLOWING such a fine Manager in #Francona to leave!
anxiety cat meme = me. Laughing so hard at these.
#DontBeMadAtMeBecause im not always with you. i have other friends.
I dnt think I've eva felt this kinda pain na I know how #oomf felt dam its just karma comin bck on me
playing black ops with Gaby and Fabian (:
cool...what time does she arrive?
U.N. condemns East Jerusalem eviction
RT : A true friend listens to you when you need it most, not just when it's convenient. ~ Deepak Chopra
Good morning all, have a great Sunday!!!
's looks So cute on the swings!!!!!<333
Some words, just the way they feel in my mouth, on my tongue, are so luscious they make me salivate.
It was such a fantastic time!!
what did you do now?!
lmao hahaha forreaaaaallll I like that you have that side of you a very caring person you can tell haha I was in good hands
killed it tonight at the academy of music, Phila! Encored w/ November fuckin rain. Plus mutlu & Brett dennen were great
Thanks, Troy! RT :
When she kisses you your knees shake and you know its only because she is the one you love and she is everything that you wanted
I'mma be stuck 2 u like glue baby
can't stop the crew
Freelance Media!!! Thanks Andrew!
#directing & #writing #promo #video 4 ..check it out in your #app store -
That Went Well...
spending time with family and taking a very small break!
It was an example of something meaning one thing in one culture, and something different in another. But I loled.
WHY IS A 57 YEAR OLD MAN CALLING A 18 YEAR OLD GIRL SEXY?!
#CincodeMayo at Dave's, getting ready to watch the fights!
#InCaseYouDidntKnow ... I'm single... change that? ;)
The Big Red Time Machine
you like the receiver from yesterday?
Tim Tebow, the most famous white Bronco since OJ's car.
Hehe glad you like ;)
Just taught my sister what an "encore" is. "All the big bands do it?" -
I don't know what it is about #wholefoods, but #kombucha and #cornbread make me so #happy. I'm so
New furniture/kitchen stuff - everything is still getting shipped. The only thing I have not quite done is fill the fridge lol
no i don't think so
Amen! ": Simon Borg is MLS's version of Jack Harry ... just better to ignore him than feed him."
Good luck today Lee. My friend Loni just took down her first event last week. Now its your turn.
Donate your old sweats to #PINKReps for local charities & get a sweet offer. Follow your #PINKReps for more info.
Proud to say that HealthDetail is now officially #Hubzone certified! Based on 2010 census so no worries about changes!
My heat losin to the bobcats? Cant be true....worldmustbeending.com
I'll bring some back, I think we have plenty!
premiere of #secretlife !! :)
Hi Bob, my vote is for Daris, he has changed much and is driven.
nigga you mean LOL SHOW ME or ill skin yo hide MADEA STYLE ahahahahaha.. But for real show me lol
checking my email and also i am going to cedar point thursday.
awesome!! I bet he was a smile-saurous that little cutie!!
Wore a skirt to work today and ran into a family from Irmo on the metro. Makes me miss #LakeMurray :)
Holy Guacamole, only 3 more likes and we hit 100! Go nag a co-worker!
Oh man, our expected high is only 45 degrees and rain, you must live in the tropics.
Can't spell Randy w/o Andy. Wait, why am I pointing this out???
Hot sauce blue cheese arena. One of my favorite places on earth.
Where is this storm I was looking forward to?
Welcome attendees @ #NRAShow to Booth 7854. Enjoy exclusive "Freebornios" cereal - an excellent source of biz & legal counsel.
"How much do you pay for your #electricity?"
Honestly, i like mac millers old stuff way better than his new stuff.
Appreciate the confidence!
lol..are u?
How much fun was Rock N Rods? We had a blast!
Fairly Useless Fact: A.M. (as in morning) is from the Latin, ante= before and meridiem= noon/midday.
People who slip n tell on themselves by accident are
Shake it off...please...be..ok
#CelebrityApprentice tonight is featuring that new #nasa inspired hair dryer. As well as a big boss from Elle Magazine.
On the plus side, I leapt in to assist with explanations; now it seems my supervisor has more appreciation for me. Getting better? Could be.
enjoy your day! I'm sure Eliza treating u well :)
Canton or Fed Hill???
Sunday = catching up on dvr'd shows.
Going to go out with my mom for a bit, then JewJews party. I'm really gonna miss that crazy girl. ♥
Aint no way around it :)
“: That's how you answer getting plunked to open the game.” yes it is.
Robert Downey Jr. really turned his life around! Drew Barrymore too. Maybe there's hope for Lindsay Lohan.
i guess im fin to go to bed now
I see you've been sucked in amon tobin's magic like I have cousin :) I wish I could see isam
Carter and the straight-up outworkin the #Yotes right now
RT : I see you got #SlapYourSelf a trending topic! #210 GOOD SHIT BRO!!
Tweet Your Song Picks in
A rash of #MySpace suicides is about to occur at
It's only because you're a fucking slut
thank you.
Updated 4cast: Clearing line along the Wabash River, slowly moving into SW IN. Should see some sunshine for area West of US 231
I remember when I lived in the NC Mtns and we saw the FL license plates coming up for vacations we called them "Floridiots". Hmm...irony!
what's up everybody...Follow me please ahahaha
Hurray! fixed our link to now have 920Mbits/s up from 20.
shitty movie for tonight: 2012. Never have seen it, but a steaming pile of Roland Emmerich sounds good
I think it would be dope if decided to follow me today.
I feel like I have to go hunting for my dinner.
When it comes to setting the standards for your life, don't be afraid of HEIGHTS
Life is the only thing you can”t get out of alive
DJ Khaled featuring *too many* - Take it to the head >>> my shit
Oof. Just got my fourth paper cut of the day. This needs to stop.
hope u r having a great night, Big Hugs, Love u
yea im glad i get the privilege to play in college lol and thats whats up! What position did you play?!
I mailed my ballot last night
omg i hate you lmfao
gratitude for each moment
Okay. RT go on google chat
Haven't been on Twitter in a few weeks...What did I miss??
ez game sir
Nothing is perfect.
On the set of #SOA!
Ugh! Sorry welcome to my out-of-pocket world. Better known as : empty.pocket. world.
check your DM
Did you all enjoy the first round of panels?! We sure did! Make sure to reenergize and enjoy lunch (12:30-2pm)! #SLS12 LUNCH BREAK!
I came up with an awesome twist for my new story on the drive to work today!
Holy cow, some web designer listings website owner just went religious psycho on me - wtf?
What if Barry REALLY IS not legal eligible to be President?This question must be answered and the pressure to have it answered must not stop
no problem!! :D
“: On the way to my interview for central baptist !!” good luck
BAKE SALE RECIPES WANTED: Help! I just volunteered to bake for my daughter's preschool bake sale. What recipes do you recommend?
Missing my blonde hair : (
I'll be glad when March is over.
midnight is still pretty early!
i was jk
Did you see Melissa Harris' segment on poverty this morning? It needs a miniseries, but it was great.
hows it going road warriors? see you out in never land soon enough.
Happiness is where we find it, but rarely where we seek it...
Whats up everybody, start your day off right with me /youngbravo1 check me out in the True Magazine 2 Chainz issue!
The Bucks will face the Houston Rockets tonight at 8 p.m. ET. Go, Bucks!
how exciting. Is it just wonderful?
What is the wind forecast for inland Va Beach? Last nite Jeff said 40-60mph. Is it higher now?
just @ me RT : My pussy good , his dick g0ld !
hahahaha Well...thanks No need LoooL And am sorry for bothering U
Time for the Thanksgiving showdown: pumpkin pie team vs. cranberry sauce team (I mean, burnt orange vs. maroon)! Hook 'em, pumpkin pie! \m/
Within, unfortunately.
Lonely again, though. Tweets and stripper pics don't keep a person warm. WA has some chilly evenings. :-(
Elements Floor and Design is ready to help you with your flooring needs!!!
We are excited to announce that the Seasons 52 in the Shops at Legacy in Plano, TX opens today, October 4!
“: First Cutthroat Pale Ale, what the f have I been thinking waiting this long to try, fantastic beer” Thanks !!!
stunning dress on redcarpet love the pin up!
click "LIKE" if you are drinking your coffee right now & thinking TGIF :)
People from fb need to stop finding me on instagram .-.
where have u moved too?
Grateful today for the service and sacrifice of everyone who has served this country in our Armed Forces.
Its gonna be a great night with the guys and my janet.
knee deep in designs...looking forward to capturing magnificent New York City views in a new light this season a la rooftop garden style ;)
one more half Sixers one more half
darf ich Mal fragen, are you in Berlin? were just curious.
I was so looking forward to tonight's speed dating with and they canceled :-( What is a girl to do on a Wed night?!
I've been on a waiting list for a parking pass for 12 years. I finally was sent an application & I don't want it.
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, & see yourself running with them. ~Marcus Aurelius RT
I'm wondering if I should keep my 1st Gen Iphone now.
And she will be loved
I just burst out in GUFFAWS at the draft of the cover for our endorsement issue. Holy eff. You're going to love it. h/t
Me RT : Can anyone guess who my female bestfriend is?
yeah but i know it won't happen.
All of the people in my building are insane
master’s program in sustainability in the urban environment goes with my current career experience.
Looking at my favourites<3 saw 2 of them that Austin tweeted me! omg last one was 36 days ago(:
Are you enjoying our daily posts? Tell your friends to "like" us so they can join in the fun!
do u want daddy 2 teach you how 2 use it lol
Up in the early
Y quien aguantara a Roberto ahora con iPhone.. Shit just got real.
“Shallow men believe in luck, believe in circumstances. Strong men believe in cause and effect.~Ralph Waldo Emerson What are you?
#Yoga is a great compliment to #Chiropractic. Hatha Yoga is relatively slow paced & gentle. Good place to start for the newbie.
yea we are but i got an extraa to sell it for prifit
This is for the people who said that I couldn't do it.
aww u all look so cute!
you are horrible ! I can't believe you stole all my ideas ! When I change my name you change your name too ! Block right now
Not sure Seth. He did go on to mention that UK would play in the title game against the Cuse.
Let's get points here
But I'm sure OSU duo of Smith & Herbie really "high" on Urban & the Bucs! Defense hasn't been good last 2 yrs. Tolzien<Wilson 2
Maybe we were introduced to them by . You'll understand in a couple of years.
sound like it's gonna be good
Big stuff planned. Keep checking back for updates! DM if you want free vinyl and to help RHR!
How could you not love that face? He couldn't be any cuter!
Morn'in! That is all!
Is anybody there? Can anybody help?
dude yes!!! i gotta visit you in the 'verse sometime!
Thanks go out to the Church of St. Jude the Apostle in Wauwatosa for their recent grant. The ALC is so blessed by your generosity!!
Everyone wear blue tomorrow and be part of something meaningful.
We love the Red, White and Blue and America too! Support a local business like us and help keep America running and economy stimulated.
YAY, another vote against corporate welfare! RT : Keep Democracy alive!
Sorry , I hit enter by accident. That would have been a ying yang followed by nunchucks!
Where did the shift go? Happy Tuesday everyone -- enjoy it as I catch some z's!
Thanks Lynn! Have a wonderful Monday!
On this Veteran's Day, take a sacred moment to remember the those who sacrifice their lives every moment to achieve peace and democracy.
Learnist is pretty cool. I needed something to free my mind
Hey girl! Still up for lunch tomorrow? :)
I forgot we're getting B.Diddy in a month or two. He should be loaded for bear as long as he wasn't eating them in the interim.
my cheeks get so flushed whenever i lay down.
Getting a lot of spammy dm's recently...
Damn Faker fans! Yall getting that ass served!
you didn't know the mark of the beast is here? Wow, old news
When boys love your personality. ♥
Looking for computer games (past/present) that provide an education in issues of the environment, sustainability, etc. Suggestions?
“: I got a happy mothers day text lol but it was for my mom for having me 😝”bad kid 😏
In 6 hours Wikipedia will be blacked out to protest #PIPA and
I shaved my commute time in half by changing my car's horn to sound like gunfire.
we do not know for sure, but we believe honor society will be there :)
There are 6,987,716,951 people on this plant, and only 1 gets to marry May the odds ever be in YOUR favor.<3
Izzo, CBS Coach of the Year? Obvi.
I know my library card number by heart... but I have no idea where it is. Then again, it's probably in my Nook case...
both & fit the description - they can also recommend great #IxD candidates with #enterprise experience for
As a matter of fact if you do your research, the dealer will be negotiating from a disadvantage
#NowPlaying Pick Up The Phone-Falling In Reverse <3
Many local historical societies sprang from colonial revival mindset
Philly tomorrow👌
Big Z? No way!
": Went to bed at 12 And I'm not tired but when in go to bed at 9 I'm always tired #wth" that sucks so bad
on the bus it snowed!!!! So much snow we had a sbfite last nite lol
In The Name of Loaf
it is a moral duty to protect the good that we see in the world...not as a dogma but only as an explorer of the indestructable
Build a strong support team in life #twitter #life lesson
#StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie When you find out a house is haunted, move out!
Wow! This is unbelievable! Thanks for the overwhelming support!!!! BuyBobNow.com first phase is on the way. Membership drive. It's FREE!!!!
": DAMN WIND...should be 7-0 now... #Brewers" make that 8-0
Lets get these twitter followers up ^
Reliving my high school life at a house party outside the city.
I'm picking out some cute tees for tomorrow's T-shirt Revival. Get yours ready! Sat, May 14, 7-10pm
MUST. MUST. I'm really excited that you'll be close by.
Thank you :) finally saying something nice (y) jp :P RT : Happy Mothers Day, have a good one (y)
Is anyone else getting a lot of spam DM's?
It's very satisfying to bear down on a brand new task & hit it out of the ballpark before returning to the old stuff on the 'to do' list.
If you ever leave me baby.
same exact thing that happened to me lmfao
ok. :) had a rough week but hopefully today will be better
i know it's called retail therapy, but dayum chill on the clothing rack, it didn't do anything to you.. haha
Work until 8. This mall is like a ghost town today.
where did you see the slayer truck?
6 days left and NCCD's new website is here!
that musican dude they just had on as a guest on seemed like kind of a douche
search terms bringing people to my site: in the past time people played with lego; peasants in Game of Thrones; cherokee plantation owners
Had no idea nypl's collections lived under Bryant park. Thinking of all the times I meandered on the grass above all that knowledge.
Good Morning World remember there is no limit to what you can accomplish!
The X Winter Rock Showcase 2nite 8:30p 21+ $5 at door. Six hard rockin' bands. Come vote for your favorite.
Joy said the same thing! I just saw NYC has "Chuck" do their predicting & apparently he is disagreeing with Phil. How weird!
Wow, I had never heard of that. See! Twinkies can even cause people to KILL!!! ;-)
No idea. I learned it in pretty much every psych class I ever took.
miss you more
Dance all night with Son Salvaje ESTA NOCHE en !! Tampa Bay's Hottest Latin Night- 8:30-Midnight.
MORE BREWERS IN 12 HOURS!
Who is going to the National Fair in Pittsburgh? Look for us!
no one is going anywhere around farragut sq. total gridlock. Motorcade maybe.
Did you know that you can save up to 48 calories simply by choosing mild salsa instead of dressing on your tacos?
Coca-Cola will announce a major sponsorship deal with NASCAR driver Danica Patrick at Charlotte Motor Speedway today.
after I finish eating I'm on my way to get round #1 IN!
Went swimming. :-) It was nice. Dillon and Indy Acting school 101, Swim acting session LOL
but we love you more (:
wow, that's crazy! Looks like they outsharked you?
Up early for a gym session! 😳 I'm shocked to be up at 5am... Voluntarily!
Not a clue.
You are my sweetest downfall, i loved you first.. i loved you first.
Dusty Soul, Future Beats, Cosmic Energy -- all brought to you in one fusion now from 1 pm - 3 pm -Truthseekers Radio
When the time is right, you just got to do it. -Jack Simplot
We used InstaGrok to do research on the Renaissance. My students loved it!
Habit is habit and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed downstairs a step at a time. -Mark Twain
Justin, I love you! <3 ur music helps me through a lot, thank u (:
Not the brightest crayon
Got kicked out of a party at my own house? Hahahahaha
Happy Bday 2 the most beautiful ladies in Malibu. From ME AND my sister Maudey. Thank you 4 all the work u do 4 the VOICELESS !
Oh - Geordan can't hold long pass for what would have been a try
YOYO ! Thats a cute picture of us :D !
If trying to impress girl near the milks at Starbucks, which milk to choose? I think 1/2 & 1/2; shows you're committed but not to labels.
Word is me u and Britt are suppose to walk the Gorge sometime? :)
taking one now
Video from today's DC sessions becoming available via gov2summit.com NOW
'Thou must not speaketh his name!' #Maddow Like Voldemort???!
That was in 1983. We stayed married for 17 yrs. I've been here ever since. This is my home, now...
Just found a redbull in my sock drawer..
Lucky you! RT : Spent all morning at gorgeous #PointLobos State Park. headed down #Hwy1 to
which came first the chicken or the egg?
i got a dog like that
Thank ya Cutiee. Tell erybody To Follow ya Boy i Need 550 by tomorww.
y'all haven't been playing any other week either! My favorite show ever!
I hate mosquito's - blood sucking bastards
thank you for helping spread the word about WWK on FB!
Ohmygod, the people around me are eating popcorn and it is the most annoying thing EVER...so.much.crunching.
what?! Ringo & Sammy!
SO EXCITING!! Hello Josephine!! Congrats to you and Ashley! RT : Mission Accomplished. Welcome to the dance Josephine!
my measurable outcomes are fun and smiles. Not the false, short term measures. measurement is not the answer to everything
It's Saturday morning, any technical floor questions?
Michael Dove Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Yes! That's a good one.
New phone case! yay
I hope blogs matter. I'm just about to launch
So the show jus had a fire alarm really... Ya'll make popcorn all day how the hell you set a fire... Smh, well next 2 are free bc im slick
Coming Soon JoePa Slyder Football Game!
You like the Hawks, but not the Braves? C'mon Morgan!! can't wait to hear all of
This is my new favorite thing in life. "If the soft kind cannot be had, the furry kind must answer."
Thinking a early night for me?
I will be able to hug every single one of my sisters and hold my little brother for the first time in 17 hours! Not that I'm counting...
Happy Mother's Day to all the deserving, hard-working, and appreciativeually women, who actually take care or their children!
Show is done & thus the quest for 100 shows in 100 months is successful... next stop 120 shows in 120 months - 10 years of solid employment.
We're hosting roundtable discussion with today about issues affecting seniors in San Diego County.
Somehow u wipe my tears away, forever I hold u close to me
RT thunderstorm dreams are the best kind of dreams.
They labeled them as manic colors. Manic Panic went to judge and now they changed the name to punky colors
If you couldn't get into Nance's film it also screens Sat. at 2:15.
it is so nice to all be here in the city together!
.: Wage theft is a rampant problem, according to study
Better get a surveillance system . . .
Im on everyones screens!!
Will you be speaking about apps at the PJ PRTY? If so think of us!
Hey #Apple, this changing from mobile me to icloud is taking ridiculous amount of time. Hate change like this.
Have a great time!!! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
Hey Andrew! What's happening with Beneluxx? Why's the liquor license being transferred?
why is everybody talking about me, im right here!
Lady Gaga Pandora playlist just went bllleeeehhhh when it started playing britney spears
wait..u say ya moms has a Fat Cunt???...Nyce!!!
It gets old, worrying.
For more than half of undergrad presenters, their thesis project was their first exposure to DH.
I'm at my cousin's graduation party and I am legit dying
lol yeah that'll be a long walk
I don't think planting catnip in my garden was such a good idea. I can hear cats calling dibs through my open window. uh oh...
Thanks, y'all.
1st WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 9...COLTS/TEXANS #TAKETHEOVER (49.5)...EXPECT A LOT OF POINTS, AS THESE TWO HOT-HANDED QBs MEET IN THE DOME
Excited to receive - and try - the 2008 Bressler. We're building a nice vertical. And, their first release of 2009 Bressler Pinot Noir...
Arianna Huffington never ceases to surprise me w/ her contradictions, yet she sure can point 2 others, right?
Bottom line-->RT : thinking the pwrful msg from Tracy Sleep is: its more abt what you do w data than what data u have
Making farm management flash cards for a friend just because
So, do I got see #TheHelpMovie...just finished reading the book. Not sure if I want to see the movie yet.
I am working on a new blog post about attitude...and why trying to maintain a good one is so important.
I'm currently in the longest meeting of my life and as tired as I may be, it ain't about that. #SocialJustice is the subject matter.
miss ya buddy!! How goes things??
Got an idea for cleaning up the Gulf oil spill? It could win you $10M from XPrize...email ideas to Francis Beland:
RT : "This is absolutely a family-based story. Ladies, keep your Kleenex ready!"- Review - ENDLESS SUMMER...
:D That's awesome! Thank you!
#FF to my best gang in the world:
Hope everyone had a safe and happy St. Patty's day...personally, I should have got drunk...instead of playing poker
Resting against wall, recharging phone -- oh, and learning stuff at
yes, yes! Beta Phi Mu is hosting an informal happy hour @ Hilton bar 5-6. Come over before bookcart
A Christmas miracle: on this one package I just wrapped, the repeating paper pattern matched up perfectly where it overlapped on the back.
Sorry. ;) RT “: Damn you got me all excited. RT : GUESS WHAT? I don't know.”
why open the show with that?
I hate when people lie to u and make it look obvious
If you say you know a movie song that's more gloriously stupid than R. Kelly's "Gotham City," I will call you a liar.
Hello & hope all is well with you guys. Thanks for the follow.
We see more BLUE than any other COLOR, but we NOTICE RED more than any other COLOR and its the RAREST COLOR in the NATURAL WORLD..
RT : You are mobile. So are we. Download the town mobile app for iphone and android through today.
#YouKnowShesTheOne when she can annoy you to no end, frustrate the shit out of you, make you wanna throw something,scream..And u LOVE it!
Chalmers is so retarded to me sometimes but that's my dude
Can Chen play 1st Base?
Thought I was bleary eyed from of lack of sleep. Realized my contacts were in opposite eyes. Confirmed I was bleary eyed from lack of sleep.
you and me both. At least the NFC is holding up.
Had Steve Dawkins and Iyad Sawas Bonamour teams in office today, thanks for coming in guys
maybe I better change over and check her out!-lol
I think is drunk tweeting again :) or to put it more succinctly, he's tweeting :)
Apex Launcher is really really amazing. It's like what Launcher Pro was but better.
Ever wake up feeling skinny then wake up the next day feeling fat, Dear body, MAKE UP YOUR DAM MIND ❤ your owner :)
Just watching Mo go down, makes my knee hurt....
Turnovers ate killing us
Troilus and Cressida, the most "vexing and ambiguous" of Shakespeare's plays, performed by ASP at Suffolk U. through May. Can't wait
no, trying to win it after interception! On 2nd yard line 65 sec
I don't even sound like myself
Hello Canada! 60 miles to Vancouver.
I really think the war on terror is a bunch of bullshit. Just a poor exuse for you to use up all your bullets!
I hate when girls call other girls who look nothing like them their "twin"
DO IT! He is just being Nate right now.
They know what they're talking about ;) RT : "Big LOG news coming Monday!"
All i want for christmas is you!
ha so fucking dramatic dude.
Manny Legace heading to Canucks Camp.. because the only think better than one goalie that crumbles in the playoffs is two!
10 page paper due tomorrow?
lucky! Lol i wanna see that so bad it looks hilarious! 
Uses the "J Edgar" example because MPAA + Hoover are kindred spirits (or should I say demons) right along with Joseph McCarthy.
Please follow us, we created this account for you !! ;) <3
Now following the Carolina Chocolate Drops () because I'm cool like that...
Want help making video work for your business/organization? Give us a shout! We'll help you get started. www.fliqz.com
Long sleeve black? short sleeve white?
What happened to me yesterday?? IT WAS SNOWING. >:(
DId you know that my Ped. Pal foot scrubbys helps "umm "um stinky feet he-hee "Yes-sir ree a little hot here in the hot sun of Arizona
The routine of our every day life especially in a city like NYC can be a drain on the body and the mind.
very true, a catapult would make taking the trash out much more appealing.
Hot as shiit
I agree. Part of me loves looking at a shelf full of books I've read and just feeling proud to have dined on that information
not a lot of people can tweet what you can. LOL
Having fun in Minnesota!! :)))
New Logo! Tell us what you think! www.allerentconsulting.com
follow me:) #boyfriend video coming out soon can't wait!
All of the above. :o
when u coming to ATL and/or GA?
Jesus, You're everything I need! :D
TY to our newest followers
I had so much fun singing in the Red Rockstar competition this morning on Wakeup!
T Plush in the house!!!
⌂ I think that it's a matter of integrity to repay kindnesses shown to you. For ALL people, in ALL situations. Baseball included.
Should I be worried that I haven't seen any live event tweets this weekend?
Pulling out a pack of gum in school is like pulling out crack in a rehab centre.
I love shopping!! 2 days in a row! (: that's complete #SWAG haha ;P
Am loving that we're seeing more examples of pairing of devices based on #NFC. Will be picking up a Samsung Nexus S 4G this weekend.
you're welcome I can't wait to read more.
Indigo Tree Publishing honors the memory of Jorge Luis Borges, who said: I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library
Why isn't anyone else awake right now!
haha sweet, gotta prepare early!
Looking forward to hearing about Bama's 7 year journey implementing emotional intelligence into their culture
You can't afford to miss out on an opportunity where you were best just because you turned the director off with your behavior.
The frequent flier lounge at BWI has an oddly good soundtrack of 90s ambient.
This year, July has 5 Fridays, 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays. This happens once every 823 years. This is called money bags.
Jealousy is a ugly trait
thanks for the RT! :-)
i hate being scared.)':
He was on his way back to New York, so we could see him in the lineup tonight.
out in Cali.. cant wait to be back in the burgh!
Uh...anyone having issues watching and getting sound?
That $10 driving credit could still be yours if you answer our final #Fridaythe13th question: what year did Zipcar launch in DC?
G-Men moving the ball downfield.. prepare for frostingpants.
She put up with too many things to not have her a ring
It never ceases to amaze me how students evaluate themselves and each other for group work.
#nce11hatrick: public education is bedrock of our democracy
Greetings, and thanks for following. I've been leaning towards whole and raw foods to eat healthier. Best wishes to you always.
I laughed out loud when I saw how quick u turned that around. U haven't lost your touch!!!
Oh wait so did Stafford in 09' but Newton tied that record with 422 pass yds.
is he hurt?
I knew I shoulda brought my psp ☹
Thanks for checkin out Olivia!! <3
such a lovely afternoon!
“: It's a disaster when your country has an obesity epidemic & a skinny jean fad.”
UHH SOO IM NERVOUS FOR TOMMORROW! UGH WTFF HOPE IT GOES WELL AND I GUESS IMMA SLEEP NOWW
bring them to me ! and you can bring jacoby too :)
wow, really. and call me a bitch one more time and I swear to god im fuckin done.
What is Obama' s PLAN to: 1) Balance the budget? 2)Enhance job creation? 3) Make US energy independent in Short Term? Answers: HE HAS NONE.
yeah! time for some band awesomeness!!!
Men I am ss sore from yesterday pole dancing class and softball I don't think the class was worth the 25 dollars I got.... No it was lol
good morning
cool i did good then... Something just aint right with a man with roses and ballons in his hand...
I'm sitting on the ride hollering at my boy! Thinking about going to jam session and playing the keys!
I reeaaallllyy want a pair of pastry's!!!
close enough!
OMG...I feel so bad for Forrest! What did you think? I thought it was pretty shocking. I'm a HUGE Forrest fan. Sad night for me.
indeed not just sports… seems like too many r waiting on some kind of silver bullet or just to be magically handed a job.
ideas for next lip tattoo?
Heading to Players Retreat
And, another hi to and 'just a filmmaker'
The ACRL WA/OR unconference was awesome, despite the lack of a librarian cage match. 8 short sessions, all interesting!
ya feel me lol
Drinking my first Rockstar after a two year hiatus. Caffeine overdose is an intense euphoria.
Congrats, dude! Make the most of this wonderful opportunity!
Happy Monday, YUMs! Start your week right with a few healthy meals today. Feed yourself right!
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me j421ustin <3
Be the first to correctly guess the Hawks first round pick and win a tee of your choice!
Welcome new Twitter Friends! , , , , ,
Who knew Disney played homeward bound at 4:30?! My absolute fav movie of all time! 🐱🐶
Great summer meal tonight: Jerk Baby Back Ribs, jicima slaw and potato salad, Pan seared Duck w/ fruit couscous, and a Sausage Penne Bake.
Save the sarah connor chronicles
Flippin the fuck out because I just found out that I need steriod spinal injections! Yikes!!!
i did the same and he decided to leave when the going got tough and now I have nothing but debt and a dog. :/
P.S. my sis brought me some GooGoo Clusters (the peanut butter kind) for my road trip last week, and obviously I thought of you!
Besides Batman, Jake Gyllenhaal is one of Josh's biggest inspirations.
Sorry, I get the *reference*, I just don't get the relation. Either. Thanks, tho!
thanks Sarah!
Sorry for asking, but what is #jmc2012?
Best KitchenAid Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer review ...
Crazyman on subway told me I'm the most beautiful girl on the world.
worst part of every ride home from wherever we have to go.
Im Hella Bothered
God I love the title sequence for The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo. It's a sexy, condensed version of the entire Millennium Trilogy.
"because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life."
"It smells like Bigfoot's dick"
Done with Muay Thai Training, Car wash. grab some lunch from Chic Fila...time to relax my body for an hour and nap.
Aw thanks!! I really appreciate it! :) xoxo
back to the tin can later today, just in time for 90 degree temps.. lucky us
It's your time to shine now! time to goto work! #BBN is still hungry! Don't listen to the haters.
Umm Virgin Morena is the same as La Rosa de Guadalupe. How about some creative names ? WOMP
If not, please go asap ib case they will still see you cause we will be fined for missing..
During dinner I thought to myself, "I'm definitely going to find a Pinterest mango sticky rice recipe when I get home." Done!
Hey tell cab 3955 that he doesn't own Belmont Ave. Driving reckless @ Belmont & Kenmore & almost caused a wreck.
Thanks for the follow, Kate. That's quite a headshot! Get that one in Milwaukee?
When you think that you've arrived; that means you've traveled to the wrong place.
DIY Fashion: Bedazzled Collar Necklace - Cambio
is your tribute to Amy Winehouse Valerie going to be on your new cd? If not please release it as a single
La Cofradia will launch the Miami Spice menus July 18th, come in and enjoy Lunch or Dinner menus featuring our signature dishes.
Shout out to all those girls who used filters on their pictures before instagram, the OGs of trying to seem more interesting
My nephews a month today :) 11 more months and he'll be a year o:
Oh your so cool now! x)
RT : Aftonbladet has enough revenue from digital to close down its print edition - Anna Settman.
i didnt even thou that day exsisted
Everything you say makes me wanna slap the shit outta you!
Hopefully don't get contact haha
My political hero? In today's time, Russ Feingold. Still say should've been Obama's 2008 running mate.
Hmm, what should I make myself for lunch.
#pbsDownton do u promise?
what is DOR? And why were all called to the backyard & feeds cut off?
Why try, imma thug, imma die high.
Working can't wait to 4:30 so I can get out of here..
Tweaking formatting on French #translation we're doing for on water stewardship. We give 110% for our clients!
Favorite flavor Pop Tart!!!??? The world needs to know! :)
My moms scared to let me drive at night lls.
It's officially my favorite month !!! ^__^ hehe
Goodnight Tree Hill ❤ There is only One Tree Hill ❤
“: “If you could get up the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.” David Viscott”
but that is the perfect distance to run!!!
Good morning
doesn't mean anything. I conversant with summer and she in ATL.
Don't miss legendary Harlem photographer Kwame Brathwaite photo exhibit 50 years of icons & legends Feb 8 - March 5.
In Chinese, the KFC slogan "finger lickin' good" comes out as "eat your fingers off".
i getta go home and go back to sleep in 2 hours so im ok with it
Sorry man... Read your info pretty funny! But i always looked up to you n walt when i was in hs... Although u bailed on shs ha
Not a terribly productive night for studying, but I have fresh scones, clean dishes & a cat, so I guess that's alright? Might not sleep...
Interesting. Scientist have discovered more fossils of dinosaur footprints w/ human footprints next to them. That's 65+ million yrs old..
On my way home from the movies the place was crowded
Liking Bishop Whitaker forging ahead with schedule. Think we'll get in another ballot b4 lunch?
Welcome back to the last wk of classes and tours ! The panic before finals begins... Check our blog: auambassadors.wordpress.com
Northwest Mo State advertising campaigns class presented to client Union Station today. They kicked ass. I'm impressed and proud of them.
Going to try that ASAP, liquid lunch!?!
Thanks for the reminder. I sent the text!
lol I was joking anyways.
Head aches from school :\
I miss you too best friend! :( And yay, hopefully I will get to come out and say hey after it!
I love you too! Sorry I couldn't make it last night I had just gotten home from AZ!
#mycrushof2011 Jack Honey
Am I the only person who's getting really annoyed with launch day dlc? Why can't that be included on the disc?
Fly clothes and fly hoes
when i was like nine i thought 'lmfao' was a word. i read it like it sounds. Not "L-m-f-a-o" haha.
Frozen Margarita celebrating my first day of summer break! 🍸☀
It all rocks. RT : Best thing about #Denver is rainstorms, sunshine, snow is cool! Fall is gorgeous, plus spring and the-
did you take more punishment the last 2 years? Or was it just the length of your career, hate to hear that cards did it to ya
#ancientgreek quote of the day - Γριά αλεπού στην παγίδα δεν πιάνεται. - You can't catch an old fox in a trap.
Is it not using SSL?
You Don't Need To Be Half Naked To Be Beautiful Alot Of These Girls Has No MF Respect For Themselves 😒
GM my followers
Thought it was March 26th?
no Kansas... U want to be a winner don't u?
So I saw that lubbocks nude maid service made jay leno & the world news but can they at least get cuter girls! Gah!
Oh, you're One Direction's #1 fan? I'm sure you will get a real boyfriend someday.
You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly.
Oh sweet ! Finale's on now
word up. East nasty
I appreciate the RT! :)
The Jargon is immaculate.
thank you!!!! Gurrrl, house warming party like a mofo!!! I'm trying not to jinx it tho lol.
Just tweeted to , who I'd never met, and they were sitting literally right next me. Cosmic mischief.
Rise & Grind . . . Another day make them moves
I fucking love the video!!!
32 inch Flat Screen could be yours!!! Just RT and you could WIN!!..Drawing 11/14 7pm EST!!!! Tell a friend!
BEST HIP HOP SHOW SO FAR GOING DOWN AT FAMOUS SAMS ON 43RD GLENDALE
I can't blab such blibber blubber
Went to the soccer game cause I thought it started at 10. Turns out it started at 9 so I got to see the important last 5 seconds.
I'm liking Da'rel Scott more than Ware with the news on Bradshaw's bum wheel.
For anyone that says, "Oh its ok. Put a smile on." I say, "No! My team lost & I will mourn that loss." If you want a smile, ask me tomorrow
It is obviously time for Hybrid Icing rule but people need to lay off How would you feel? Flaming nystrom is classless.
Looking at the weather forecast for Melbourne ah looks like a scorcher! Can't wait to get down there in a wks time ☀
that shit exist
Love the atmosphere in OKC. Easily the best of the remaining playoff teams.
yeah true me right when i get home im sleeping. I forgot to eat too! So im like shaking and im sleep deprived hahah
hah cuz I was bored of smiley/frowny faces! jeez
gonna go to bed! been a long day! loving life! truly blessed in life! Twugs n BH LOVE
Rockin' out with my... er, something out. Can't think of a rhyme.
Irrelevant ass niggaz!!
Awesome debate about pro team logos today
Those who don't learn from history are destined to repeat it......
Awesome. Let me know when you are DJ'ing back in the city. I'm moving back down to SF in June. Would love to come out.
It's important to put reasonable limits on nighttime driving until a new driver's skills become sharp through plenty of daytime experience
ill battle any1 set the arrangements
id be upp, buuh they wouldn't be :o
"take me, take me...take me home...take me, take me...take me home." disclaimer: this is not a request, i'm singing! :P
Will anyone be having a white Christmas?
:( so many innocent people, dead
you don't wanna be home? :o
White people write poetry :(
I'll be a millionaire once I'm done making this device that lets you punch people in the face over the Internet
Te bulls might as well say fuck it and let they bench play the whole playoffs for them
Haha of course! We'll see you there?
Hahah gotcha :-) I decided to have a separate blog and Twitter for museum stuff.
Thanks for the update Josh!
Found 2 cases where I've ignored other software to adapt to #Evernote instead--due to seamless synching. Sorry #Omnifocus &
I'm sure we can scare some up over at STAMP, meet you at the top/front door at 4
sadly yes lol I miss lawndale!!!
Dude, you got ALL the good lawn equipment now w that big ass Toro u posted earlier.
Rick Santorum is pro-life, even in cases of Aliens.
"I spent too much money flying to Tahiti to announce the Pacific Rim Roller Derby Final."
Thanks for all the retweets about our show! Bigmista and Smokee made for a great show today!
Comments on this video show that the line between the real and the virtual was never firm to begin with.
right #expected #easyout #predictable! You and your counterparts are twitriffic. Can you be TOUTriffic?
Locally known as the "Breakfast Counties" are Bacon, Coffee, Cook, Crisp and Early counties in Georgia.
by default monday's are your turn
One of the most amazing shows I have ever done tonight!! Thanks Ladies for making it so great!!
Wonderful dialogue all around! RT Great to meet to review crisis case studies. A winning morning!
Awesome! We need rain. RT : Wow- that thunder scared me! Woke me up from my nap and even set off a car alarm.
#1DayIWantTo prove everyone wrong who doubt me.
Great to see you too! What terminal are you in? I'll be at SFO for another hour...
Wade was just chilling in the paint ready to send someone's shit.
Did you get the memo on #fridaycoffeeclub? M.E. Swing 8am 17th & G Streets, NW.
New recordings and a new shirt design coming soon! Who is excited?!
It’s National Peanut Month! We are proud to use peanut oil for the delicious chicken that you enjoy everyday.
my English is not perfect, but I do what I can to follow me on twitter , or meet her in person!
Waking up at 12 when your first class starts at 1130...
Wonderful! Glad to hear it was a good experience!
“A dream is just a dream. A goal is a dream with a plan and a deadline.” ~Harvey McKay
“: When a man plays the guitar, it's like the strings are directly attached to my heart. #princessprobz” haha 👼👼
email feng shui is done, now to tackle the room.....
i had to put u in my other channels box. ur voice is amazing :)
Concierge great idea. did this at #pcma12 and worked great
Family time with all my brothers.
Everyday is 'take your child to work day' for me.
what's going on?
Way to Play Lefty!!
I've made an enormous mistake.
Do you have #kiddori installed on both your #iPhone and #iPod? If so, notice any difference or the same?
Gypsy Kings, 'member them? are pushing it
I have been in such a bad mood. And its all because of you. I just hope you know what you do to me.
I cant stand dreaming about people I dont even talk to anymore...
Happy Game Day! Go Noles!!
what's your bench now?
thank you so very much Tonja, its an honor to have you as a friend you are appreciated :)
Congratulations! RT : We won!! GRB wins Best of the Web for banking/finance. Thanks !
looks like its sundayfunday then, when you startin?
tonight I'm going to drink myself into a fuckingggggg coma. I wish. fack mondays
Bought some earlier this weekend! Dad saw you on tv and thought about your chili :-)
NICE! I was at church and missed it. THANKS FOR HAVING MY BACK!!!
He said "I love you".... I sneezed and said "Sorry, I'm allergic to bullshit"
lol wait till hs. You'll find a few
thanks for the words bro really ment alot
“If you really want to know where your destiny lies—look at where you apply your time.”—Mark Cuban
Save an ambo ride a medic!
Rec'd a mention re: if I'm hungry for pizza & 'here's a coupon for your local chain'. 1. I'm always hungry for pizza 2. I buy it locally.
#Timeless movie premier in toronto w/ 730 pm sharp!
excellent question. the WRA should wise up & get out of the biz of political pundritry. it's hurting Realtors.
I dont live in any of the states that we mahomies had to chose for to go to but i would like if mahomies voted for LA or NY(:
That was a hard but clean play. Good to see that Gamel's taking his gig seriously.
You all don't know shit. The shooting could be a rumor or the real thing. Don't take that kind of situation lightly. Ever.
#liber2011 Digital infrastructure as a valuable asset on which science, tech, the economy and society can advance.
Ha! I like that.
Love it when you look at me, hits me just like the summer breeze. My heart is yours.
I so agree!!
Love AZ .. I'm about due back 4 a good party RT : Want to know what's crakin in AZ?? Hit for your hottest shit!!!!!!
lmao..so ive been told..i was talkin to Tim Green the other nite.I produce
Me: ''Im useing the the bathroom.'' Dylan: ''Tinkle, Tinkle, Tinkle'' J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
that tweet was sent to my phone right as that part was on the radio #weird haha #Swaggie <3
The drug in me is you, and I'm high on misery.
Six days til Christmas! Give the gift of a white sparkling smile with our take-home customized whitening kits.
Good luck! ur gonna do great!!!
got it. I thought you liked "words with friends"
Big win for ohio n nice work
Happy one year Happy for what you
Congratulations!!! Couldn't be happier for you! Such a class act!
hmm. which new songs should i cover? (;
It would sell. Ensemble like Pulp Fiction with the theme Creativity Calms Madness. They all meet at end in SKA group.
Totally boring ass day.
really appreciate the support fam.
It'll be good to see museums taking up a big cause in the future--activism where usually museums take the sideline.
“Love doesn’t make the world go round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile
Question! Is 1D going to come to Seattle Washington U.S.A? I looked on the BTR dates and its not there.Are those official?
Built a Ajax chat for Minecraft. Next up, mobile Ajax chat.
Teenagers just like to grow up waaayyy too fast! :P RT : i kno right?!
Awesome fight , hell yeah!
we would take perry or harrison before beal
no. You know anyone wanting it?
I'd do anything for one more kiss.
I think it would be awesome to legally change my name to Hugh G Rection, then when I stay in hotels use my old name to hide my identity.
nah not really. But I'm happy and were still friends
(S)hit(W)e(A)lready(G)ot.
"Fighting fire with fire" seems stupid. Water seems like a better choice...
RT.: Mankind will never plan with the skill with which it scrambles & improvises.
I feel sick #TummyHurts #Nauseous 
Just stopped by Echo Park Time Travel Mart to pick up a few #LA literary maps. Incredible. If you read in this town, you need them.
The only thing that comes to dreamers is sleep... up grinding
Happy Mothers Day!! Enjoy your special day!
watching movies by myself
Hi San Francisco
Obviously she's under some spell...
okay, so I'm #writing and #reading and keep abreast of the Action of #OWS Hope to join later with family.
Its so beautiful at the beach ☀ getting that sun burn though.
Admittedly, the part where I hang out alone in a bar waiting for the band to just start already is awkward. Should invite more friends.
If you live in Atlanta, GA...join us 4 Girls' Night Out tonight @ Georgia Tech! Doors open :30/Student Center Theatre. Admission is free!
Thank you, I would like to introduce you to the President/Founder Marc Heyison
I'll get right on it! 😁
i tend to jump to conclusion
You mfer mad the knicks getting whooped on lmfao........shut the fuck up
Some girls are so hot and ya know why ? Cause they spontaneous !
I've never had a person reply back a year later to a message . Haha wow
about to go to the lib then gym
When Plan B is Plan A...
EVERYBODY RT RT GO FOLLOW SHE IS THE BEST DARN FRIEND IN THE WORLD SO GO FOLLOW HERMY FOLLOWERS!!
I love how Phil and Si on duck dynasty wear face paint 24/7
I love you too Abby! Thanks! We neeeeddd to hangout soon!!!
So, can we call this a social media bubble yet? If not, when?
You can tell when someone is humble and when someone is waiting for opportunities to come to them. Which one are you?
My Peeps Grind Hard! #BodiRock Thursday! We In There!
Must shake unproductive headspace! TIme to run a few errands, change perspective.
You can put delicious tags and bookmarks in alphabetical order using "display options."
not that button, the top button to turn of your button, by where you plug in your headphones, it's like stuck
I wanna go to a Ranger game. look at those bootays and sexy men play ball.
its hard to say goodbye when you know its the end
One way to feel instantly (and briefly) stylish: Put white tires on your bike.
Back from break. Defense is now asking about Ybarra's work history and work ethic. ": any update yet?"
Sure, I find men attractive all the time, but I instantly become disgusted by those that hit on me sexually without barely even knowing me.
then let's get them a business degree. A capital-generating mindset is a scarce asset
Lady in Black is starting to appear at as they run through tires- kicking up on the cameras
So no one minds pooling resources for a lottery payout, but people complain about pooling resources for healthcare?
austin wouldn't say that?
not gay. Just a very very tiny penis. LIke, it would fit on a fairy.
As a writer you have control of the words you put on the page. But once that manuscript leaves your hand, you give control to the reader
I need to find this channel, I had it one time, but was stupid enough NOT to subscribe. It shows how to do hair. HAIRBOW!
Feel like I blinked and the year was gone. Time flys so fast...
Yeah, I really dig it. I need more gear, though... thinking about looking at a flash unit... could have used one for fill...
Does anyone know how to do leopard print on nails???? (;
2 days until
I believe you have. I have a question though. Is three a crowd? #lovers ?
Charles & Baltimore 11-2 such a beautiful day to get out and have a #grilled Reuben, lobster Mac, or crab grill. See you all soon
I can't wait for video to come out its goin to be bad ass!!!!!
S/o to tha team #TEAMDEONTE yall really promoting!!! Let's keep up tha good wk!!!! I love all Yall mane!!!!! Let's get get get it!!! :)
She's a bigger flopper than DWade. #dwts. Uh, I mean GO PACERS!
RT : RT : How long until the heart rejects Dick Cheney?
thanks! It was fun how it all worked out:-) great to see you too.
. Remind you of a certain failed bomb plot in Catonsville?
Rule #1 pay these hoes NO ATTENTION!
yeah dude, you should give up.
I found that highly suspect as well.
When #Occupy supporters want to blow up bridges, are they still representing the 99%? Discuss.
Somebody needs to seriously dislodge all of Suzie's teeth. She carries way too many tales.
Exclusive - Middle East trader FAL Oil close to $700 million debt restructuring
Get a fucking clue damn!!!
you are amazing <3
People are stunned that Michael Jackson is releasing a new album this December. Is it really surprising that he hasn't begun decomposing?
I think its" Plead"
Little know fact. Baseball Boyfriend was originally "Phillies Boyfriend" because well... Shane, Jimmy, Haladay, Howard, you can't go wrong.
Monsanto is NO friend to farmers.
and with and Dr. Jill Biden
: haha wahh? I wish I HAD any!
2,800! Thank you guys so much. i love the support <3 ur amazing
i swear if you went to Myrtle.... you have another wedge shot to the head now lol
“You aren't crazy, you're just lonely. And loneliness is a hell of a drug." -John Mayer
That's definitely a recent picture because a girl met Little Mix a few days ago and that's what Perrie was wearing.
I'm just saying. Kobe got slapped on the face, no foul. James Haden gets breathe on, it's a foul.
im all good thank u much for your concern :)
Apple iPhone Android Double Verizon Profits as It Ramps Up
Where does the greyhound bus drop off in Madison, WI? #Madison (?)
Fabulous-sounding program for tonight. I LOVE the Liza folksong!
im seriously about to start cutting bitches off little by little
I'm in Florida
hi :D could you give me any acting tips for an upcoming actor? <3 your dancing!!
I'm getting tattooed in 2 weeks by that guy you told me about, Aron. He started at Scapegoat today! Yay!
Ugh, I hate updating my resume. :(
Annoying! Save it for Friday afternoon, I say -- people are more likely to laugh when the weekend is starting. Not Monday!
OMG YES!!!!! I waz lik kissing my TV nd rewinding it ^~<3
its raining ..
New Followers Rock THX -->
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish! Thanks for all the support!
A cold shower can increase fat loss, enhance pain and stress tolerance, strengthen immunity, ward off depression, and the list goes on...
Jayne Raper just gave a very good relationship advice for women who are pursuing a science career! :)
You should have followed our other discussed plan of action to get out of jury duty
I am a master of the
: same 2 U! I hope someone is BBQing
How is #CitrixSynergy going, Doug?
There were 22 entrants in today's $140 buy in noon tournament. The top 3 places get paid, first is $1334. Our next tournament is at 7 pm.
#ICantStandPeople in general.
Thank you for the mention! I am glad you enjoyed the post.
..not for rulers to crave beer, lest they drink & forget what has been decreed, & deprive all the oppressed of their rights. Proverbs 31:4-5
Looking for fishnet stockings should not be this hard!!!! Uuugghh!!!
aww thank you, i wont be!!
Hated all the Sheepdog looks on #projectrunway. Not rock and roll
Spongebob, Why R U So Addicting?!
hmm i wanna go on a sunny beach vacation again. i think i'm addicted.
Who's at Dolores Park? Because I'm on my way and you can't stop me.
maybe you could help me test the theory sometime
"it's not heavy -- it's just awkward!"
: I worked in a small museum where the silence felt oppressive - Music can activate the space if the exhibit calls for it.
RT “: Claustrophobia is the fear of closed spaces. For example: I am going to the liquor store and I'm scared that it's closed.”
Increase flexibility, strength, and posture while reducing stress. Enjoy 10 classes of yoga for $39 on
Austin Scarlet was on an episode of "Say Yes to the Dress"? That's like blowing bubbles into champagne. Related, time to throw out the TV.
Mario Lopez! <3 Dimples.Dimples.Dimples! (:
How do you keep your team motivated? Celebrate EVERYTHING! Halloween, Valentine's Day, birthdays, it doesn't matter how small.
The plunge is Sunday, still time left to donate! ttp://www.firstgiving.com/fundraiser/klaytonkorver/12thannualchicagopolarplunge/team
today i saw what might be the best yet example of a calvin peeing sticker, in which his target is the phrase "city folk"
hey paint them polka dotted black and white! :)
...had to be a guy, right?
Andrew Bird - Fitz And The Dizzyspells - 08:51 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Seriously the 90's version of Cage can return whenever he wants to.
Crawfish bites to-go please.
"I always hear, 'Punch me in the face,' while you're speaking, but usually it's subtext."
But it all doesn't matter ... IPO over-subscribed; massive insider positions being sold. $FB can go to $10 and they won't care.
Thanks for looking--and for the encouragement. : )
#dh2010 Glad I can't read every book in the world. Would be like when finished Jane Austen's novels, only worse. :)
has me weak right now about this interview
Sorry so late responding Leah. I'm still figuring out Twitter. We borrowed the loveseat from a co-worker. It was perfect!
you know the old tradition right?(;
Till I take this pain medicine I'm not fuckin wit no one at my job... Hope mom dukes kinda hurry
BISSELL&#39;s White Sock Test Helps Carpets Come Clean From Hidden Dirt
Why is Jake Thrupp so attractive!!?
This Saturday is the Sunscreen Film Festival. Land of Nod will be playing in the 1-3 slot. Come put and support Pixelated!!
why arent u at the Lakefront walking with us?
fine! Have fun and tell everyone I said good luck and do awesome :)
Happy Mother's Day to all my mama's!!!! =)
vibes that are stoned.
www.zakzakzak.com !
Idc what anybody say Ima be up on that stage singing with Diggy Simmons one of these days <3
Go Will Failla !!! Great job for an amazing series !!!
Send your guests! Great way to see Miami! RT : Cool! RT : tomorrow for Brickell Lunch Break Music Series
Send music to
Heard from an old friend today who is an awesome artist. Hoping to collaborate with him on a guitar strap creation.
When guys get really touchy and we're not dating <<<<<
yes, but if you slap a prada label on it, it's more than my rent!
Hate when your girlfriend likes your shit on facebook but for some reason she won't text back.
Thank u!! So glad u got to hear it! Please put in a good word for me at Radio One :-) We r praying n believing they will add
I think it is garden gnomes!
was super excited about you on Instagram for a sec there. But Trillium Brewing coming together is good consolation prize.
asdfasdfasdf holiday practice soon
Dear Joshua Ledet, please leave "Imagine" to John Lennon. Thanks for your cooperation.
RT #MajorLeagues We'ed be on the all star team.
Get your tix March 3 at 10 a.m. for "Maiden England World Tour" July 19 w/
Our country is no better then the ones we accuse. We just have more slaves "middle America". Sometimes it takes a spark to light a fire.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!1
Any #crew96 fans in Toledo? I'm here for the evening and want to catch the match...any suggestions?
Depressed...might not even go to school tommorow lol
#NP-Foster the people "pumped up kicks" <33 =D
The federal tax code in 1913 could be published as a single 400-page book. Today, it would take 72,000 pages.
i wanna go to universal so bad this summer!
My mom said if she ever gets a tattoo, it'll be of a sprig of cilantro. She also wants to bathe in a tub full of cilantro.
Wow!..Interesting move.
well if there's one time of year if they're gonna be hurt at least its the beginning of the year not towards the end.
I sent u a DM
Being at the doctor's office sucks!!!
RT : 😊 RT : #Aquarius are natural born rebels, they learn the system and always find the loopholes.
Great nice day in #DenverCo man I love my city!
Yours is more fun!
RT I get really confused every morning when I wake up and no dramatic music is playing in the background for my documentary.
The shit you hear about me might be true, but then again it could be as the BITCH who told you! #Lil Wayne
yes sir things are well, hoping the same for you. Wish I could have gotten home but not yet, soon fingers crossed. :-)
I've been trying to access your site since this morning to no avail. What's going on?
I am totally different outside of school.
Meow! Lol miss ya :)
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other
I hate the smell of DOG!
Before toilet paper was invented, French royalty wiped their bottoms with fine linen
I want to start a campaign to give our moon a proper name. "The Moon" just doesn't cut it, and all the others have names.
Listening to VH-1 Presents. Donna Summer Live In Concert. RIP
crazy! hope everything works out..
nah just hanging out, ill be out tomorrow though
Great pt! RT : A2: If theres a gap (which, given the market, there probably is), show how you spent that time.
so very true. Still working on finding time throughout the day for my own practice of it.
I assume you type of the Curling Live Tomorrow AM? Mark and TIM Are All Set to be live at 5 am Thursday. Mark took care of it.
I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to. Elvis Presley
Have your whitepapers distributed through a StaffingMarketplace.com e-mail blast
I can no longer attend Kiss Concert even though I already have my tickets. Oh well. I guess I'll sell them on Stubhub and attend Earthfest.
R.I.P. Dick Clark
how long do i have to see graduation twitter icons and facebook defaults? i would rather you make it your first real job paycheck
Never let other peoples opinions effect your decisions! #DoYou! Always!
I think you should mess with our new social media manager. -Conrad
I'm at work right now, trust me, I feel your pain.
#VegWeek2012 at -- Chef Aaron McCloud's Vegan Dinner Wed-Sat see the incredible menu at www.CedarDC. Com
#Artists you should be
Thanks! It has been exciting so far.
EXACTLY! im pround to say im a vegetarian:D
Restaurant week . . . explain. BTW, lots of people tweeting that Robert Irvine from FoodTV was in town yesterday.
How much money does it take to make mo money???? Hm....
Merry Christmas! Have a great time. Be sure to find some snow bunnies!
Oatmeal Recipes They'll Love When I wake up to a hot bowl of oatmeal, all is right with the world. It's comforting and hearty and just th
Cupid's Got A Shotgun!❤
I am deeply disturbed right now
o I like the sound of that!
Boy: I've finally found the meaning of life. Girl: What is it? Boy: To be with you and to love you forever and always.
Can you please follow me
Can you play One Thing by One Direction please? (:
you certainly have more than one person. <3
Watching #Chopped on Astronaut ice cream is one of the ingredients. Chefs making sauce with it. Ew.
Thoughts are but coins ... www.jimnkyles.blogspot.com
I was rooting for the Brewers. =(
Space Needle celebrated its 50th birthday with a perfct game by Phill Humber.
"what are you doing?" "oh, you know...loving you."
Thank you for your support. We might lose some people along the way, but we push through. Livestreaming will be back this week! Stay tuned
Anyone interested in agirls afternoon? Stay tuned info soon
what did do to deserve that? Does she share the German taste in "music?"
what's in maryland?!?!? PARTY TIME??
how'd it go?
What up gangsta!
Good morning friends. Word of the day "Focus " today don't worry about others Focus on you, & you'll be fine.
l love you guys i'm listening to Rihanna/Britney Spears "S&M (Remix)" S&M (Remix) 2010
I am officailli hook! On twitter while driving! Lol
laying down bord out
R., thank you for the follow as well. I look forward to your business law tweets.
And tebow falls
taiwan news
wishing the toy was me!!
Natural Cures Eczema Infants | Beat Eczema
Ok peeps, set your alarms early! have the next #PXYSJ announcement tomorrow! Listen, pwease?
No doubt! Keep Scraping!
It's none of their business that you have to learn to write. Let them think you were born that way.
Anyone who chooses to have #timewarner over #directtv is making a huge mistake
It's even better, when someone uses some keywords of the title in their comments
If I walked into my bf cheating on me I'd step out calmly and look for my gun.
I absolutely love the Armani Bad Romance costume <33
united states politics: by and for rich dickheads who dont give a damn about you (unless they need your vote).
where have you been ?!
Howdy cuz! Hugs.
#HumanitiesPHDs have #Sitzfleisch that makes them able for project completion.
Thanks for following us! Like your Tweets.... Especially the one about your top hotel picks to get drunk at.
STOP TRIPPING
any plans for the #Caps game?
of course, thank you! <3
It's nice to have a day this week that's not in the triple digits.
HAHAHAHA, thought I'd check one of those unclaimed property sites to see if maybe I had some. Instead found that my brother has unclaimed $$
So excited for you, Kasey! Shine your light. Jesus is beautiful in and on you! You are named by God! xxoo
: There's is a different between urgent and important...
YESS WHEN IS IT COMING OUT? #cantwait RT “: Dave said Say Something is even better than 11:11. omg, I NEED TO HEAR IT NOW.”
you go Gurl1! (:
Thanks for the follow. How is summer?
Nails, tanning, Victoria's secret...does a day get any better??
Can't believe I really fell so bad bahahahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha hahahahahaha
Only one crown in the city I'd be lying to say I didn't want it.
Sitting in the bathroom crying my eyes out. Yeah, I'll probably be spending most of my time like this now.
how was your day, gorgeous? :)
"It is a good rule in life never to apologize. The right sort of people do not want apologies, & the wrong sort take... advantage of them."
Yes, Cocktails takes place every Thursday, 5:30-10pm. It will move outdoors when the weather is nice.
She get on my damn nerves i cant stand her
Filling my schedule up for spring & summer..are you in need of music for a special event? I can help.
u are crazy.....and amazing <3
Isn't that photo cool? I love the Artists' Excursion collection. It's like today's version of art nerd road trip!
Got my hair cut short for the 1st time in years. I'm trying not to cry. :(
what's up :p
well I just want to see your gorgeous ass if possible.
Started bartending training at Famous Pub today and have an interview for an internship. Methinks my luck is a-changing!
RT:Silas Reed Gibson is here! 7.5 lbs /Awesome! Congrats! Can't wait to meet him!
I wish it would snow right now, just little bit. I'm not asking for much, just enough to go snowboarding for a night
I have no time for drama, the past, or any other headaches. My goal is to make as much money as possible nothing else matters...
The time has come at last! 4 nights w/ Chris Robinson Brotherhood starting TONIGHT! DJ Selections by Andy Cabic (Vetiver)! (tix @ the door)
" Anyone sellin a iPhone? "
Every season is a season of change
Being a person of Influence is a job not a lifestyle. Find sum1 who knows the difference
If you happen to be in range of San Diego come see us perform at Soma Saturday night!!!
if you say so
#CIO Quote of the Day: "I've learned that you cannot MANAGE people through fire, but you can LEAD them through fire."
RT : Only in love are unity and duality not in conflict. ~Rabindranath Tagore
do u remember PAXSON FOR THREE
As soon as I walked in the door at 7 I had ppl waiting on me & didn't even sit down, plus my 2-day old monthly unlimited is messed up...SMDH
The "tooth brush holder" serves one purpose...please recognize and conform
When all else fails, LOTR puts me to sleep. I hope this really works lol
There is a crazy amount of police presence here in #DTLA... #PershingSquare is crazy...
I'm a huge fan of the Old Spice commercials. They never disappoint!
Quinones lifts a lazy fly ball to right! Braggs is there and there are two down!
or time magazine
All creatures lookin god 2day in the sun a spring is sprung.
“: That looks amazing!” to much food! Only took 5 bites.
A letter supporting a new Vikings stadium is circulating. Seven council members need to sign it. But who did? More info at 6 on
I love you so much Ariana :D I'm so happy to say that I'm in the same state asu :P.
God assembled me & put me together,, I'm sure that same God can hold me together
The focus for academia now is around producing data, evidence and proof as a compelling argument of impact and value. Libraries too!
