Just let me get in my zone..
Soon it will be hot! RT : I have mixed feelings about this week's cold spell.....Our Georgia summer is just around the corner.
is stuck inside on a gorgeous day! How lovely!
He is, but his point about Brees and the Saints showing up the Falcons last night was way off base.
After all this time and I'm just NOW hearing about the package installer from ? It works with & too!
Lol I'm an idiot. Asking three popular seniors if they would take me to prom.
Ok yeah, I've got a manly right wing-esque man crush on West-ie too! LOL
hate them! I think that's the general consensus; I can only see them appropriate for toddlers at a beach
In Microsoft Word formatting hell.
never been phony...sorry u having a bad day...no need to reply back...hope life gets better GOD BLESS
Going to Lake this weekend:)
Nice job! Now I've got you in my RSS reader.
*watching The Bachelorette. I'm not actually the Bachelorette. I'm The Averagette. New show, coming this fall.
you stupid, stupid silly little person... thanks for coming to the screening last night! :) Have fun in Vegas
At M Henrietta having tasty coffee with friend and fellow cat person
Get down to from 7-10 for Jazz Fest...Cincy Brass bringin the funk as always.
ohh ok :) can't wait!
did u get my txt? I think I sent my blackberry pin
previously on #Survivor. . .
Just finished a photo session with models & stylists from Saco hair. Thanks for an awesome session!
Anybody know what happened at Washington/St. Charles with the police car accident around 530?
People I enjoy!
Joy is a return to the deep harmony of body, mind and spirit that was yours at birth and that can be yours again.
Just finished Aftermath. Loved it. Heart an "endlessly pumping spring..." especially apt and beautifully put.
Why are ppl shocked or dismayed, stunned.? This wk is a clear picture of the GOP& what theyve been for 40years.
Thanks for the heads up. The issue has been resolved!
Just had lunch with my beautiful daughter. I wonder how many thought I was a dirty old man dating a young girl.
hopefully the same person off stage as on.
I'm gonna agree with him...SA please!!!!!
I totally agree. At the most basic stage, one should not be sitting in a swirl of incomprehensible syllables.
Tell me now!
#gotohellcarolina “: Self handled that interview a little better than the last Kansas coach who was in that situation.”
Ha! As if the minority were interested in debate. Show votes are not debate. Or work.
Rocks, natural bridge... Not a bad day at all with
hope you enjoyed that box of tasty cakes ahah :)
haha I'm gonna start having pity planking parties
:) i love reading! I am looking forward to checking out your books. I am always looking for new authors!
We felt the earthquake all the way down here in Richmond. At Bottom's Up eating pizza when it happened. Just thought it was a train.
his incredibly articlate and inspiring oratory
Awesome!! Can I find a clip online?
Y do MFkers feel the need to irritate me or piss me off w/i my 1st few hours of being back in town? ER >:-{
Just missed the deadline on a great job because I don't have memorized how many semester units I completed in undergrad. So frustrated!
“: Someone come make me soup :( #sick #tired” <--- awww if i was closer, i'd be there in a second!!! ;)
Thanks much, I'll take those kind words from you, oh wise one. [He is a really great conversationalist: ]
I didn't think you would be up lmao! I want to go back to school already!! I miss my social life <3
#glee is a little sappy for me this week. Why is everyone crying!
i interviewed you at the NewNowNext Awards. is Paul the publicist that was with you all that night?
Suggestion – Ninth, Do whatever builds a connection without making any points.
Hmm, #Soundgarden just rolled over to #DuranDuran. For the record I *do* listen to music that came out in 2012, just not this morning
#NP Andrew Bird - Break It Yourself
shit , the guitar is important
I just found out that a large popcorn with butter at the movies is almost 1500 calories!! Oops!
I just don't know how parents can do this... the video is called Child of Rage I only saw part 1 and it was mesmerizing to say the least
where is my cuddle buddy at right now like tf
Listening to Gary Keller talk about the power of 1 thing at #kwmc hit home. Talk about #perspective!
If MKG & Lamb come back...forget about it.
On this date: In 1763, the English lexicographer, author and wit Samuel Johnson first met his future biographer, James Boswell.
the times ive seen him, including the tine where i almost met him but didn't :( he has been so nice and just awesome with whatever
UGLY DAY RAIN UGH WORK WAS GOOD AND FUN ,,MISS MY GF ..
How come Mexicans don't get a whole month like we do tho???
I appreciate those who "Do Good Continuously" a little more than those who "Do Great Sporadically!" I require consistency nowadays!
Thirsty Thursday anyone?
I wanna be your Christmas wish, your 11:11 wish, birthday wish, and new years wish. Will you be mine?
what is it with the #orioles and doing what ever they can to blow games against the yankees?
last, but not least, #FF my dear friend - GORGEOUS greeting cards with beautiful photography! one of my favorite etsy shops :)
ah honeymoon time! have fun with the guidos... so much sexy chest hair and so many gold chains. so jeals.
RT : Desk Set is one of my favorite movies of all time! Viva La Bunny! //me too!
Got old kicks? Donate em! We r collecting used athletic shoes for our Durango shoe drive Drop em off or FoYO
the time has come for a new tattoo.
Abt to go in to school see y'all at 2;45
Don,t fool yourself!...life + the music "biz" is very tough + demanding..you will need real "faith" in order to survive + endure..
File under Unlikely Foods: this bagel store has a "Sports/Energy" bagel.
gr8 thing about the desert this time of year,,single didgit humidity,,swear dries asap!! still need a shower though,,
Hehe it's alright :) & thank you babe, I hope so too! :) I'm good, thank you. How are you? ♥
you sure? Wouldve made u happy lol
Going to the toy section of Walmart with your boyfriend making fools out of yourselves>>>
is out this morning with the MXT vehicle, Athletes & Kick for Hope Soccer Team. Tune into to check out the action!...
one more fuckin love song
Sorry, I know it sounds like a cheesy plug, but it is sincerely true!
As an adjective? Ed-tech. Ed tech as a noun.
Hi Michael, nice to see you on Twitter. Hope to listen your new songs soon!
And a feeling of deep relief washes over me. Moving (for the 250th time) in two days. Soon I'll get to write about this life in retrospect.
Thanks for the RTs this week
When Bradley Center w/built, Bill Wirtz blocked Lloyd Pettit. MMAC & Mayor show no leadership for Bucks.
hey miranda you come 2012 to germany ? or europa?
Follow me on instagram :D
Make it nasty !
#YouAreNotWifeyType if you try to control my life.
Attack of the Giant Cats!
Liking someone doesn't mean you have to be lovers, sometimes you just have to be friends.
's heart is bursting with grief for her sugarbear.
Yes, i thew up on my bday.. it was fun (:
Wine anyone? Tonite at Teak $10 off bottles!
The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of making a mistake. - Meister Eckhart
Can't believe you're admitting this publicly. RT no, , I've "NEVER SEEN CENTER STAGE" hashtag hashtag hashtag
Ill give it to Louisville fans, they are much better losers than we are. But then again, think about all the practice they get.
“When you are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears.”
Finished recording the song, Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism, and I'm scripting the Christmas Progam details. Can't wait to help others
On TV now ... Kennedy funeral.
Unity works as advertised, but... that's not compatible with me.
We got some exciting people coming into the office today! Hanging out with Carol Brady herself as well as Elin Hilderbrand.
sorry if I'm spamming your twitter feed :( I hope you go to Coachella in the near future! Hella worth it!
Is their another word for synonym?
John 8:36 - So if the Son sets you free, you will be free indeed.
I am in DESPERATE Need of some #starbucks !!! :/
what time that party startin ?
HARRY POTTER AND THE DEATHLY HALLOWS PT 2! Yeah buddie!!!! :D
A wise king never seeks out war, but they are always ready for it
Keep this shit
I'm gay
I think that means we are trained. Uh oh.
You're going to get TONS of people saying this, but it's Duff's BY FAR
We are looking forward to another amazing day in Portland!!
ANN COULTER CAN GO FUCK HERSELF....REALLY JUST GO AWAY BITCH!
no, dont have that chanel...watched the 2 disk DVD.
My parents bought solar Christmas lights. I'm so proud of them. Haha.
Hello Mates! Thanks for the follow; look forward to sharing!
You need a plan to build a house. To build a life, it is even more important to have a plan or goal.
Moral indignation: jealousy with a halo. -H. G. Wells
Also for bicycles! RT : Watch out for motorcycles in the coming weeks! You're not used to seeing them after long winter. Thanks.
LOL! Good luck with that. It's an incurable plague.
RT : What's wrong with working at the mall tho? Some niggaz is out here not working at all. I'm jus saying....its a job lol
Lost my status at usair. Sitting in coach and know that is smiling somewhere.
I mean, Willie Oleson needed his own acct. he's just plain crazy.
It took me long enough, but i really like sleeping with sirens..
Yay! Which one did you get?
TD passing Perfect pass.
Really got to go to the bathroom. No gatorade bottle tonight...
Things are coming together the right way!!!
Merry Christmas! May you know the true joy of the season!
Section 184 Native American Loan Program only requires at credit score of 580!
Just one of them days
Here's my guess about ur tattoo. K so far I think IO is moon's of Jupiter, n XC should mean Jesus Christ. Idk am I close?
oh heck yeah!:) so are you getting good at this tweeting stuff or what? hahaha!
Camper: There's a leak over my bunk!Counselor: Shh! Don't make such a fuss. Soon everyone will want one.
nice order, are you graduating?
Sittin here watchin this video vixen movie w/ my mama. somebody tweet me
Headed to today to see the Vishnu exhibition. Religion + art = <3 !
do you help your clients with their environmental due diligence?
there will be one day that i won't have to deal with the horribly-odored, cramped seating, and creeps on a daily basis. i will rejoice o ...
definitely! Or his jersey lol
i followed him! :)
Love and electricity are one in the same, my dear. If you do not feel the jolt
I have yet to meet a person in real life that actually thinks Newt Gingrich should be the next President of the United States. Not one.
The hold music on this call is really wildly reminiscent of Angelo Badalamenti's Twin Peaks mastery.
“ Tony parker gets off tho lol”
a little sad but i'm ok now :-)
And the moon just slowly disappeared. #Supermoon #goodshow "you cant fuck with the moon"
Good afternoon Twitter! I'm in #NYC today for an interview - gorgeous day here! -Jared
Kid:I want a little brother Magician: "I'm sorry to say that I can't do that alone. I will need your mother to come over here and assist me.
Have a nice day!
Looking for experienced gameplay programmers, RTS/MMO Experience a huge plus. for more.
Players see all types of injuries
Springtime in #Seattle - let the rioting begin! #SeaMayDay - via
Pre-production starts at the end of Aug of our new reality show that follows the lives of 3 poker grinders trying to make it big in poker
When you're in a race to the top...sometimes it's greasing the poll behind you that determines where ya finish.
LOVE THE SITE! Thanks to for putting me in touch with Successful Woman!!
The Modernist Journals Project now has its own Twitter stream offering updates about new additions, events, and features.
Does anyone know how to get pass the 2000 follower limit on Twitter?
Get your popcorn ready RT Hello friends, family, and fans.This is my official account I finally found the time to join twitter.
Yeah but in the 80's you never got the question out: "Are you bla…er...Afric….er…colo….are you wearing a hat?!
How can a serving size be half a pickle? Madness...
I'm not trying to be negative at all. I study Econ and I know that government being involved is bad.
Recording the audio commentary for with and ! Coming to DVD this October!
He was drunk...again...
If abdc were based on votes like it is supposed to be, the boyz would've won last year and fanny pak would've been gone by now.
Members are discussing the pros and cons of social media ie. Facebook and Twitter. It's looking like positive is winning out.
I don't do anything wrong I just got new friends. So don't act like this
stephen hawking knows it all.
Come join us for Chuy’s Hot to Trot 5K & Kid K from 7:45-11am at Chuy's Arbor Trails in South Austin 4301 W. William Cannon!
Just starting my day!
Love the wizards (not sporting). Glad we won but also really happy to see jimmy get a goal ,,
wow your artwork is amazing, I love your use of colors
WiSH U WERE HEAR~
Only a few more weeks until we play before the Tigers game @ Comerica Park August 19th!
Jimmy Fallon -- I Asked Howard Stern for Advice Before Obama Interview
Cheer up :(
Left you a vmail in the office - R U Free for Lunch on Friday?
Dare to crunch!
just scanned everything. Seven bucks. Lol
Nothing against the Prez's current speech-writer, but I think he might want to hire this Abe Lincoln guy. The man makes a lot of sense...
Shoot me your email.
I feel like when you guys say a pitchers strike it is often on a 2-0 count as well. Pitchers behind in the count get the calls
we're all going out
RT : I'm gonna miss some people but the jerks that love to be genuine A-holes for no reason? Eff you. You need help.
fo real though some people with there big asses bro, unless they stuck hamburger meat into there pants. O_o
Just checked my grades on the Suffolk website.. 3.3 gpa my last semester of college! :)
to you ? For the shoes ?
The release should have been celebrate
i've seen it. I'm probably thick in the skull :-)
Happily Taken <3
India recently launched a nationwide initiative to phase out traditional incandescent light bulbs in favor of compact fluorescent lights.
who's on February break? I don't have mine until Monday xP
launches new website! Looking forward to working more closely with and
1st Duke Blue Devil ever to play in a Super Bowl!
man, the red Sox variety of heron was in my yard just this weekend!
lmao I see..
The one weekend I decide to come to OK is the one weekend they are predicting a 'violent weekend' of tornadoes.
wow! Another great pic! And how are they tasting?
i'll text you if you wanna talk! lol i'm here, like you are for everyone else :P
Haha! I like your new rendition of "Eenie Meenie" =)!
Ron Dale- Canadins see the War of 1812 as a fight to preserve their rights and freedoms. ISHS symposium, Peoria, IL
looked good on 106and park today
did u do the personality hw?
Any Madden fans in Indy tonight? I've got a couple #maddenbowl tickets to give away.
no, city will issue new bonds to cover old debt, kings will use future revenue as collateral.
Beautiful Mistake
If you ain't got the fire retire. If you ain't the shit then quit. If you ain't on top then stop.
very sad
Yes you did!! :D I've been rumored to be dating both of them.
Someone come kidnap me
I guess we should post them on our site for people to buy huh lol
Because they are secured, home equity loans and lines of credit generally carry a lower interest
is a cool #imagine :D
Is this at Wonderlab or the Columbus children's museum?
I need your help!!!!!
Back in action after incredible week and everyone: keep in touch!
Lena del rey !!!!! Bible her music is dope !!
1/r = 1/0 = infinity = singularity? Is this correct?
Hi Lowell, welcome! Thank you for liking. Did you get to see "Surfacing" yet? Were you one of the criers? ;)
Fruit Ninja i love that game my highest is like 500 something idk i forgot i havent played it in forever
Family Guy is so fucking funny
Shout out to Power 106 in Los Angeles... I'll be arriving soon. & Shout out to all my fans! I <3 you.
The difference between the successful and the unsuccessful is not the absence of obstacles, but the presence of perseverance.
about to get on some roller coasters lol :D
If you have a twitter you know everything.
congrats to !!
#Marlins bullpen just blew it!
I never walked this late to Food4Less by myself before :o
I love how uncomfortable all the other commentators are when charles barkley speaks
RT In honor of Officer Stephen Johns, Museum will be closed tomorrow, June 11, & our flags flown at half mast in his memory
you're doing an amazing job
ridiculous essays. no science. they start their arguments by acknowledging that meat is bad for your health. ridiculous.
Is a potato a veggie or a starch? Or both? If both, why does everyone say eat more veggies but no starches?
thank you!
Work, then home. Yay!
not weird! I need halp! There's so much to do. I don't have doorknobs.
look 4 the old guy in black with LOTS of gray hair and camera's that'll be me :-) Praying for ears to be open tonight!
I love the Miami mornings
Heading to the gym.
Another former Met with a perfect game or no hitter. Congrats Philip Humber. And Coach Robin Ventura.
I think Shane may have lost a finger
CW: Whats a google number? Me: Google it!
youre paler!!! (paler isnt a word)
Like the Soviet joke about police pay "we give you a gun & badge, salary's your problem", it's "we insure you, health care's your problem"
Romney is dead right now, no matter what happens in FL. Pathetic speech Sat night. Did he sleep through 2008?
Reminder: next Bloody Brunch is 2/21 at ! Twtvite later today! :)
I made it home safely from work and I'm tired....Smh
I absolutely detest riding the subway with luggage.
Any word on #thefighting14th?
Wanna thank God for everything I do have rather than for asking for what I don't #Thankyougodalways <3💗🙏
Vega Communications is now connected with Colorado Connector. A great way to meet other local businesses.
Holy musical b was pretty good hahaha
I can HEAR Emma watson's eyebrows in the tale of despereaux.
. "Countervailing" is an old Galbraith word. Countervailing power necessary in the context of ultra-right super PACs.
Empty pockets never held anyone back Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that
hey everybody still on myspace: you really are trash, everybody knows it ;)
True, network cares about #marketing. Is just interesting to see what slogan it picks, since decision is prob research based.
We are OSHA & HIPAA Compliant making us one step ahead of the others. We are your best choice for Medical Courier Services. 877-527-5737
Thanks UCH! Finally found my way to NYC eventually!! Hope all is well RT “: hey will congrats on being on air at Now !!”
Tom Cruise always runs in his movies, except in Risky Business. He rides a bike real fast instead!
thanks for the follow! we hope you are excited for the line to be released like our friends are!!
you & #oomf were having a convo & i thought it was funny. Lol
yes indeed
There is no angry way to say bubbles.
And that was after a stop in Kensington, where supporters are everywhere.
mr Chris singleton what's up
Overheard at #UWSocial "Everyone dicks around on the Internet, tweeting doesn't have to take more than a few minutes"
Better recognize that awesome man or woman today. Otherwise you domed to tear down all you've built up. NspiredBy Proverbs 14: 1
#WeWontWorkoutIf your not gonna kiss my bass
also maybe a pool house/cabana?
Today's writing tip: Your reader will forgive you if your story doesn't have a happy ending.
Jay-Ism # 1 - "Do Not judge a man based on what he does, but Instead judge him based on what he could do, if you just help him."
Thank you very much for your very kind article.
J1 can yu buy me a drink... Plzzx??? I heard yu biggest suckka in the club... #neverthat I bring ma own bottles girl...
do u have a myspace. (:just curious
Over-managing manager gonna overmanage. RT : Five-man infields don't work when the hitter lines a single to left to win the game
Two great time traveling shows. #Futurama and
It's a little depressing that he knows it and yet they keep doing it.
Thanks for following, the week before WrestleMania I have a whole Wrestling themed week themed :-)
Random? Every single one of them had a purpose...maybe...
Countdown to U2. Who has more hits? Bono or Ichiro?
Great. Now I want pie.
4th quarter. Anybody have those heart paddles?
k we comin over
Inspiration and genius--one and the same. -Victor Hugo
not in n good mood
bitches are horny tonight
you know who else does? WAH-AH-AH-AH-I DO! (wow, I'm really slipping on the 1-liners...)
We should do brunch!
"When it's time it'll happen, until then do you"
RT "We only have 1 life. We gotta MAKE it happen, and not wait for it to happen!"
We had a good band rehearsal tonight. Working out a few new songs. I really love the way my vocals are developing on the songs!
realistic life goals.
Hello Sunshine! I'm so happy to see you!
For the next 11 hours swing by Kroenke Sports Charities and get the deal shown here: Youth Sports Day Tix
Restore us again, O God our Savior, and put away your displeasure toward us. Psalm 85:4
I'm sure it is, just to much of a good thing!
Giving up booze and social media for Lent. What about the other #catholics what is on your list?
I Need a #Plumber in West #Detroit Right Now! By Davison & Lodge. I'm Paying $ ! Please Hurry!
I am almost 100% sure I saw my ex in my neighborhood today. WHAT WAS HE DOING THERE???!!!.
Nice, congrats!
"Venus favors the bold."- Ovid
That sucks nigga.
When is the wine tasting?
Turkey and Friends will be attending the MS Walk Awards wednesday June 23 as we were a huge part of that event raising over $3,000!
what's shakin!!!! Are you hiding from the world again. Miss u!!! Let's do something!
In the past, when you were angry with someone you fought them. Now you just delete them off Facebook. That'll teach 'em to fuck with you.
I love when the underdog wins. congrats on a great game and all of the Milligan grocery softball team!
But wait. There is another version of bump n' grind. Hold the phone- this is just really not ok
I think that apps like have relegated me to poor social skills. Just did a purge this morning!
I got you.
Gotta love the Hyatt and their Wifi.
fun for sure! Hahahaha
Specyphi what you Believe.........Thanks to all our Fans..........
complexity inside 140 characters GO.
why do they use thin women to model plus sized clothing??? i never get it when i see those ads
As of now, it looks like it's going to make it bruh
you know I can't anyways, my head too big lmao
a long time no using twitter :)
I'm an official TJ member. I bought the membership. #AnythingForNick <3
:( I totally wanna start im just not motivated
congrats in the big win for tonite!!! Miss you guys!!
I love that song…always reminds me of the DXARTS years
#2011musictaughtme that I love all kinds of music. Don't just stick to one genre, branch out.
I had a wonderful family despite not having a father around, I did have a stepdad for awhile but that was BAD
Adorable Mother's Day shout out feature from and others during
If I don't see you on Monday when you are in town, I am going to come find you and slash your tires.
Dude I love old people
#youreGoodInMyBook if you make time for me
talked to my mom. definitely can go sunday. Let me know if you need a ride
"Become a great communicator!"
1st period is just to early for math. Just saying. :o
Thank you for your vote! “: yes and for you!”
My TL Is blowing up
Georgia Tech is way better:)
Its so weird ://
You laugh because I'm different........... I laugh cause I just farted!
whaattt are you going to be in chicago?
RT Just ran into Denver coaches buying pizza 4 bus ride home.He apologized 4 terrible game. Thinks Jays have some replacing to do.
3D video has been posted for my VIPS!! Have an amazing weekend! Time for me to go play some more! =))
Not ME :) RT : ": Damn my cousin makes the BEST mixtapes! F*cker! #donttellmyaunt -_-" I should charge huh?
Humanity lacks races because human populations have not been isolated enough from each other to develop into discrete groups <3 cult anthro
- thank you for the #ww :)
I get the strategy but if there's less than 1 min left in #superbowl, you're behind & you don't want to score... You're doing it wrong.
glad I have that kind of impact on you. Don't swoon too much;-)
all the MILFs are going out today for drinks!!
Schools over thank god! #weekend. (:
OMG i look like im high in that last pic
This isn't rocket surgery (by )
Do not change who you are for anyone. If God, in all his wisdom, made you the way you are, He did it for a reason.
Tough guy at the car dealership wanted to show me his new Avengers tattoo. Thanks.
Guy tried to pick me up in rush hour traffic on 695
": I hate u niggas" but we love u beautiful
What happened?
After rewriting 6-8 pages Wednesday, I got inspired & switched out a character for a better one & rewrote about 20 pages to various degrees
lol it wasn't directed to you.
Never spend your time walking towards a woman who's always running to you... #cause while you walk, somebody will beat you to her...
who did the packers pick? Sorry my twitter is acting funny so I didn't see who they picked
For the meat eaters,fish, or chicken without the skin can be added to the diet with a careful watch on the intake of calories in each meal
Its so hot and theres barely any sun
shout us out for a smog check :)
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.
...I plead the fifth.
i'm doing good. had a pretty rad weekend ;) how are you?
u ready for spring break?
That was a BLAST!!
Hey mate, nothing to tell yet. Clint
you're unblocked, now chill
LETS GO MAVS
Extortion- proposal. If u don't want an Smart Meter at your house, opting out will cost you $99 fee + $7.61 per month.”
Some jackass just asked me "when will I preform Trampoline?"
It isn't my fault your up :-) RT : I hv a 9:30 final. I should be asleep but instead I'm up like a crackhead on a mission.
Not as many weird people in Walmart at 8:45am
Its been a long and windy road but i have loved every min of it I couldn't have asked for a better 4 years. I love you Class of 2012
Except maybe "I Don't Care About Kardashians Weekly" that publication is top-notch “: Any magazine?”
It's not really a discussion if the prof is just waiting for you to say what he wants to hear.
Tallgrass Brewing will be bringing a cask to the MKE Firkin on July 21
N mine Lmaooooonsjsjs
Working on a safe, electronic lock failed, I still suggest regular combination safe lock with spin dial is more reliable. Todd H.
if harry ever follows me, i'd dm 's name every day to him until he follows her.
hehe. i love you.
Walked into wing stop and lacrosse was on tv.
The Wiz is on and didn't tell me!
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail.
Dear body, I know ur tired and want me to take my ass to sleep. Well no worries help is on the way! And she goes by the name MARY JANE!
shout out 2 Destiny Browwn great person super Photographers and business woman To all my followers follow
Thank you to my friends at FRDA for being such great partners in our Fulton River District neighborhood!
One week down, two more to go..
Hey, just sent you another review.
There you are! I'll zap an email to you in a few. (Thx !)
I'm a new coupe, you just a used car
“: Some people really do a good job at being creeps.” I'll fuck you in the ass. Creep-styles.
looking forward the the "El Gran Combo" concert at the Conga Room. Use discount code "LATIN" to receive $5.00 discount at Congaroom.com
start applying! I should be visiting Sweden for midsummer not sure since the hubby might be working. Any plans to visit the US?
good things come in good time!
You look better in low lighting.
We Can Do It All Night Boy _
Don't worry about avoiding temptation - as you grow older, it starts avoiding you. ~Author Unknown
Thanks ! Check out one of our biggest events this Sat as 3,000 CPS students come together for a 1 mile run in Washington Park
going to Awesometown. see ya'll there
Calm down. I just have this pesky Apple gear that gave me last year that I need to make work w all my google stuff! :)
Five is awesome too. The longest I ran w/o stopping (before running 7 last weekend) was 4. I'm building up from 2 to get to 10! Lol
You know things just got serious when its your Facebook relationship status.
thanks for the #ff :)
it's all about giving back Carol. :)
You know when you have to wake up early and you're paranoid you're going to oversleep...so you don't sleep at all? Yeah, like that.
You are one cool fairro :) The King of Kind :)
Today's Sandwich: Ham & Turkey Club on a croissant with a cup of soup......$6.95
Tomorrow is the start of the Flights 4 Kids helping Kids fundraiser for our foundation! Come fly for a great cause!
true all straight girls have at least one lesbian Crush
haha im watiching videos of Whitney Houston!!!
4 anyone with coal miner ancestors, t is worthwhile to visit a place that has coal mines open for visitors. I did this in '05, worth it!
and I just spent half an hour going "you know that place?!" ;) thanks!
In the defense of members of my family, close friends and my future children, North Carolina- you got it WRONG.
im 16 how old r u?
- or how you had 2 wait 4 the nintendo power mag 2 come out, or word of mouth 4 clues to beat a game.
Ha! But amazing story considering criticisms of groupon from & maybe beginning of an even more interesting story!
Thanks Joel! I'm so grateful for the many awesome products from Enjoy Life Foods. Hope you like the new book!
People like you? DESERVE a bitch slap :p
Gertie! Hands down. You definitely need to pay her a visit (or several) this summer. She's on now, so hoping she'll be then...
Who told you I don't have one already ?!
I doubt he's anywhere near a favela sure his maid comes from one
Shut up!
Comedian is at Go Bananas in Cincinnati this weekend. Incredibly funny guy. One of my favs, Alex Stone, opens. Be there!
The lady's for mob wives chicago are so ugly and oldd
Siding with Mike on this one. Euro Club/Champs League is tops for competition. WC more glory
Hey, are you from Missouri?
It's what I do. #nobigdeal And your help was
good luck, a huge step
RT if you play your favorite song again and again until your sick of it.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
Holy heavens!! That's a massive snake. Gives me the creeps too
Never say No! to an opportunity when it comes at your door!..
I grew up in one of the badder neighborhoods in Cleveland
When does it become hard to give to sum1 uCare about?
What I have read about is the very extreme anti privilege/ racism ideologies. It appears very divisive.
right on! I just saw Paul McCartney perform in london. It was awesome. Where do ya live?
NASCAR is back.
I miss my so much! Visions of the west coast dance in my head...
Avoid downtown Seattle traffic on 3rd 4rth Ave at all cost.
Off to office potluck. Elaine Benes' "Get well...get well soon" comes to mind.
thanks man !
Great story! We should catch up some time.
Vernon Curry! Thanks for joining the Karaoke MVP family!
The Milanese Torta at Coa! Breaded steak, refried beans, lettuce, tomato, avocado, and our zesty mojo sauce. And topped w an overeasy egg!
#amwatching the musical #Memphis from the best seat in the house--my daybed chaise! thanks to :) and it's rockin' so far, me likes
I done made some fire beats lately. I ain't bn recording but I bn cookin up. Got to get n right. My bad!!
We're having a legit meal in my living room tonight: wings, garlic bread, bagel bites, doritos, pepsi, and pizza. Hell yeah.
What we see as rejection, God sees as adoption. When our earthly fathers fail us, God is always there.
this week at www.risenmagazine.com: Andy Davis, Ziggy Marley, Les Paul, Estevan Oriol, and the ladies of 'The Office'
That's funny lyn thats the first time I have ever heard that one but hey u know u could NEVER be with a girl like me not even if u were the
You said IU had to get to the line and so far they are.
I was wondering same. She did have witnesses that bill asked her for a blessing which would be like granting priesthood status
Your audience knows it if you miss a half a practice!! if I miss 3 days of practice my audience know it! :)
Orlando Florida kid, but I go back to Vegas every few months
93.9 might as well be playing my spotify playlist right now
I won't lie, working out this morning (however briefly) in Rome was HARD. However, it always feels worth it at the end.
#InMiddleSchool class work was so much easier!
on a related note, your new piece from last week is tasty
So Berman, this is commercial free?
Juuss did (x
Out filming with Getting footage for his new video for the song Night Owls And Early Birds.
Up eating n watching kcmo on world's dumbest police chases
Praise is like sunlight to the human spirit: we cannot flower and grow without it.
Right now, the words i speak & write, their jst not me, not the same
You ain't gotta say too much, from the look in your eyes i can tell you wanna
Watch out for Phil. Putting out of his mind!
yes! thank you!
Alright, where can i get ticket oak seeds??
. thank you - hey having y'all document stuff is a HUGE help if you don't document no one knows what happened!
thank you for dropping by! Love your photos!
is heartbroken was hoping SDCYD would be 1st Dem Club joining Filner, Kehoe, Atkins, Young, Gastil & Frye in endorsing
He changed my opinion of him last night though...he really is a good artist. I would love to play #drums for him!
We prefer "a nonprofit's Affleck & Damon."
I love ... Everyone has a favorite DMB song and it's never the same as yours.
Who gotta charger ?
Tired but not sleepy
MVP Now Lebron James needs a NBA CHAMPIONSHIP. Dont want 2 say this but Go OKC Bulls fan here
just finished watching it. It was awesome
To the world you may be somebody, but to somebody you may be the world.
we have another party tonight!((; but first I'm going shopping && then ill be there. You going?? #PARTY #PARTY ((;
we opened last September!
man i missed BOY MEETS WORLD ! kinda
And sister too
Bridesmaids on repeat on HBO and the Jasmine Express take-out talked me into is really not helping w/ today's productivity.
Go to tomorrow and buy any Stumptown Espresso - get a free strawberry champagne cupcake! Yum!
Does anybody even play Angry Birds anymore?
hey steve!!
Dude im gonna be in the gym all day today :( I should've just stayed home lol
Grab your nearest crowbar and make your emergency kit, a Zombie Apocalypse could happen. Prepare for it go.usa.gov/jmo
You're not intimidating... like at all... You fail, and suck at life... take that "gun" you have and Kurt Cobain yourself
Harry has a girlfriend! I need pics!
#mmaf2010 concerts and mobile is like pigs in a warm blanket. Great presentation Live Nation
just made me lhh! to damn funny!! can i get a RT!?
Good luck to at THE Ohio State University. Going to have catch a buckeyes game soon!
RT "Sad news on Racine's Caron Butler. Out for season." - I could tell by his scream he let out when it happened. Chilling.
Que no involucren el avatar please! RT : Implementando =D
ah, now the salad bowl might have been a step too far. Still the wigglers shouldnt undermine your foundation or anything.
I'm so tired.
Great to see you on Twitter, lady! xo
McCain has no facts! He only has soundbites!'
I wonder who go win the finals
RT if you love shoes! What's your favorite brand?
thank you so much! where are you from?
I could use some banana split dippin dots right about now :P
"Today's my golden birthday!" "Oh, well, in that case..." *pulls down pants*
network network network Make sure you're adding key contacts if you're on Linked In (and looking for your next job)
Something about Government so small it fits in your uterus?
Then you should swing up to OKC. “: I fly to Dallas tomorrow--exciting!”
my top off, my seat back, your bitch is in my ear sayin she need that ! Im ballinn ! Haha dope song !
Thanks for the followfriday mention, polite people! Have an artful Saturday!
Specializing in the identification of attorneys, office administrators, human resources, and paralegals.
more like #sobewff retrEAT! Enjoy! RT : Wow! + just prepared amazing lunch for
keeping my fingers crossed given I haven't even been on it since last summer...
I always wear in matching socks
...@ 4:47... pulling an outbound BNSF Line train today was...210!!! My MOST FAVORITE Metra locomotive!!! I saw 210 today!!!! :D
Thank you very much for the follow!
Say what?
Friends don't last 4eva but my soilders will last eternity
nvm it wont let me
sugar we're going down - FOB
Does anyone in Somerville want to go get me some Chicken McNuggets? I will pay double the cost of the nuggets.
M delicious tears of rage, so very good.
most welcome
I wouldn't mind so much if there weren't other people around. I feel like I'm arrogantly talking to myself.
God it's hard to like twitter.
last class of the year
follow my new page please boo with your thick self thanx!!!!
i cant look at ur icon!!! it wont let me :(
We disagree! See: RT you can't borrow a power tool from a social network - nor for that matter a 'cup of sugar'
Pitchess motion GRANTED on bad cops who falsely arrested my San Diego Occupier!ILearn Monday if cops r dirty
10 Facebook Tips.. Dont poke people.. like who the fuck does that?
Our values are reflected in how few are mentioning or caring that he used slave labor for our' convenience'.
: over sixty libraries have left Koha/PTFS for someone else this year. (Yes, many of those to )...
Go Eleanore! Looking forward to The Spinsterlicious LIfe
#2FollowersThatShouldDate and ? maybe ?
man Wat y'all on g
excited about bowman!
The new ranking FIFA: Spain, Holland, Germany, Brazil, Uruguay, England, Portugal, Italy,Croatia, and Argentina.
I have really been enjoying the double-cardigan look lately. Pairs well with a bun, natch.
how is this not a gaffe? “We’re going to overcome the issue of immigration.”
Welfare fraud story on the news this week? Must be sweeps…
Been a busy little bee! How is you?
dev is my laptop. QA is staging. :-P
Paul, are you in Baltimore now?
I'M SO JEALOUS.
Well, add another state to the list of places I refuse to live on principle. sigh...
blue/green shoes with pink bows. Then it's both something new and something blue!!
Obviously I am hoping for more on a personal level
i was bout to sell this one too...lol ill wait
I just did another twitter (:
you can't call to be the president of douchebags and tweet that nonsense lol
I'm expecting Marcum to be the #RoadWarrior tomorrow and to take it home Sunday! You got this boys!
#ItSeemsLike I'm not going to get any sleep tonight. I wish my eustachian tubes weren't so small, I can't hear anything or stop coughing.
I think most people would rather be a packer backup than a viking starter.
No room for Christian as we filled AT&T's outfield w/ Pagan and Cabrera (& Nate) Have fun in Fresno Christian, stay strong!
Real tlk fuqq the end of vacation...i actually want skool.
Thanks for the follow!
Enjoyed the conversation with Indy Star Editorial Board this morning.
PickUpLine: So, what are the chances that we can engage in anything more than just conversation?
lovely to meet you today. Thanks for spending the morning with us!
Thanks for the follow, Michael!
Sorry to see this so late - Yes, still open but we're close. My IP now blocked due to troubleshooting! Not my day! :) Thanks!
Follow me on #Instagram, gang! Username: BadNewsBears
How To Grow Taller Children - A Guide On How To Accelerate Growth In Children Through The Right Combination Of Nutri......
Lol why? He drunk?
Are you making the trip to Atl for UFC 145?
who's the best group:a.hamilton park b.omg girlz c. bhavior d.hi-riz (if yuh see this RT... and tell me your answer. <3 <3<3<3
and everyday after
TAKE ME WITH YOU IM SERIOUS HGUTHGUOT
Swimming pools, hot tubs, Thai delivery, and now a bit of Ken Burns' Civil War before NBA semis. Notice the list includes no complaints
RT : Have fun at the concert, it'll be deadly<3
Bhavanacreation: Wax Museum At School
I'll tell her next time for sure! For both of us.
Your profile pic makes you look like a white dude.
Honestly just though Adam was taking his shirt off.
We have a group out tonight for a bachelor party. U ask who goes out for a bachelor party on a tuesday. Someone who knows how to party
haha well you can't live in WA and not drink coffee
i've been but i get girl respect alot but im still single which im alright wit anyway
Pittsburgh with the sweep today. Buccos, Pens
Rest in peace, Leslie Nielson. Thanks for the laughs.
I'm really not thinking ahead of myself here, who wants to come get me on the 16th or ??
Happy to see so many taking advantage of our upcoming New Member Orientation on Feb. 9th. Great opportunity to meet ppl and learn about us!
the CA state Supremes already boxed the governor's iffice in when Ahnold fumbled thru it
Good times with family and friends, congrats to on daughter's birthday
Trivia night with a heavy heart! Our Brit is leaving us! And I despise the obnoxious emcee.
When different aspects of my nerdy subcultures collide, like Amber Benson and Maureen Johnson hanging out, my mind implodes.
There are too Many Fake bitches in this World! >.<
I miss my monkey man lol
Last night I watched the muppets it was good :)
you're awesome! have the best day :)
Did you put that sailor outfit on him? Bc if so, then that's why he hates you right now.
My tl is so dead
Baseball really is a game of Inges.
Upgrading your business mobiles? Make sure you get a quote from us! 0844 880 2010
Lets trend this for
I just watched Garden State for the first time in over 5 yrs & it was completely foreign to me. The soundtrack is still amazing though.
From nothing, right now, I am the possibility of love, freedom, full self expression and endless creativity!
#2011icf Coaches: your "marketing team" is anyone who can help spread the word. Ensure they understand your biz.
DONE ! X x
In my heart
They put their bodies on the line for that free education.
And with that, Aubrey Huff will probably start tomorrow.
Got dem young niggaz dat will hide ya body parts.
“: Making new friends and learning new leadership skills is so much fun this is what this all about #DECAlda”
a little manscaping never hurt anyone
Thats not snow, those are end of the world ashes from nearby burning towns.
All My Best. Just get better. We will miss you but look forward to your return. We need you.
what is the hardest thing for you to be truthful about?
i just realized i haven't used that photo yet and its a great photo.
WOW! YANKEES WON! CAN WATCH BASEBALL AGAIN...
What’s on your Kindle right now? We’re reading The Historian, Bella Tuscany, & our own Lilacs and Other Stories
Watching 3 straight episodes of 16 & pregnant is depressing. I wonder how much these moms get paid.
And he's still running for president!
Aint no one got time for that.
i thought u left yesterday
Maybe a Big Time Rush concert this summer (;
LaLaLaLaLa Las vegas
That's a beautiful treasury!
no not yet!! I'm still young!
We can't go on together with suspicious minds
when they ant support any argument they bring up US open cup.
Good Morning #Horde!
Hm may be on vacay, but I'll bribe you to listen with tix to shows all morning. more......
I don't care how good #BryceHarper may be, he looks like a tard.
#ZBoMomsDayBrunch definitely put a white headband around the nice pitcher of juice.
Sent you DM asking about June venues for WordPress meetup. 's weekends are filling up. Thanks!
Tweet tweet tweet play what I want please. My staff is alerted to your presence. I love motivating my team. Thank you.
Thanks for the Tip Top love!
well i posted first to tumblr :-P
That article ends w/a shout-out to In addition to the fab lab, you can also shear sheep & farm fish. *homesick*
Follow me, please? It would mean alot<3
followed you back. ^^
NO FUCKING WAYY. OMG THT IS THE CUTEST THING
I see you out there doing the thing...
I found you miss new booty
Lots of people here at the #ulga-yp meeting. Wow!
Dealing with change is a life skill
MKG not too literate in post game press conference.
You are just too nice to include me in the #FF love!
Its Good Friday. Why are you in my reading room?
I hate the "do you believe you can win?" question. Who's gonna say no to that?
Everyone should follow me and
Colleges don't eval teaching. They eval publications and let students eval teaching. Its a joke.
I'm enjoying seeing peoples reactions to the new #chatter feature in #salesforce.com Its like SFDC has become FB and it scares ppl
Omir Asik you're not welcome in Chicago
has a Freemont Street old Vegas hangover today. Cheap beer, cheep fun equals need for greasy food this morning. Thanks Freemont
Doing work feels good!
Listening to good music REALLY LOUD never gets old. :)
im here guys its been days i love you guys i really do
Nice! RT And it's a drinking your weight in Makers Mark night
Seriously. Did I miss something or were they actually disappointed that he wasn't hurt.?!?
Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself.
💩ing then soccer game vs killian
I'm checkin it out now actually...was listening to tattoos on this town for the Jason Aldean contest....not bad man!
that's a damn shame. Having worked in that area, being able to go on Fridays was a highlight of the week!
I have been sitting at your desk for so long its starting to feel like my desk
One must remember the difference between login and non-login shells.
Peter S. Beagle has a new book coming out March 1. We wants it, we needs it. We must have the precious. We may be a little excited here.
thanks for the suggestion! I wasn't aware that was an option. I just asked, and am hoping for a warmer second half.
great! You'll have to come out and celebrate with me :)
TODAY: Dr. Santosh Kumar, University of Memphis, Addressing Stress and Addictive Behavior Using AutoSense,12 p.m. MGH 420
Can't stop thinking about him
same wen the game start
Success is not measured by what you accomplish but by the opposition you have encountered.
Just a tip: If at a party, and a friend says "I got an idea, lets do a ritual." Just say no, you'll most likely be better off that way.
My car hasn't been this clean in like.. Ever.
Going to try a Wells and Youngs Courage Imperial Stout today. An imperial stout from England? Not expecting much
you in Philly tonight big homie?
Thanks a lot!
Look at me following you on twitter! rockin :) Please play lighthouse at City Walk! See you then!
an you grab an autograph for me. I am in some Army training in South Carolina! Be back on Saturday!
The rumors are true....I broke down and joined the Twitter bandwagon...here we go....
Thanks for entering! :D
What is the default Zen command for Mac 10.7 Textmate? Command + e is an OS shortcut. How do you choose a diff shortcut in Zen?
Totally zoning to Antlers right now! I love this shit!
Floridia born. Vegas rasised ALWAYS a Heat ALWAYS will be
I've only been there twice haha but no one has been ugly haha
#Collinscold it shall start trending? RT if you Love
So glad to host you and 400 of your classmates at Reynolda. What a night!
Happy Wine Wednesday everyone!!!
I THINK I like that my doppelgänger Twitter () has a Chris Klein avatar and is about Internet Phone Service quality. I think…
Feeling really blessed right now!!
NOW YOU WANNA RUN AROUND TALK ABOUT GUNS LIKE I AINT GOT NONE, WHAT YOU THINK I STOLE EM ALL?!??!
Thanks so much :)
Sleepy but cant sleep :/ too much on my mind.
It would just so happen that when I move back to DC, the Caps lose another Game 7.
Always be kind to others. You could save someone's life.
Up at 4:30am and headed out to LAX
I know #NYC hasn't been responsive but maybe also try their LinkedIn group and see if anyone there responds.
Thanks 4 the shout-out!! Hope u had a wonderful weekend!!:-)
Great turn out for Industry Volleyball yesterday...congrats to our winners! Thanks for coming out!
me to
I have looked through 100000 halloween pictures now. You guys win the contest for the best family costumes for sure!
Wearing my #RalphLauren boat shoes. & , feeling
We're playing on march 3rd with Royal Bliss and Oceans Divide!! More details to come. Get exited!! :o ;) :)
S/o to doe ctfu
Thank You for your service!
Thanks very much.
Back to this grind tho
Wedding at the Carnegie tonight, yay!
I was just one of the first people to sign on the west side of Madison.
Ronda Rousey training partner watching fights at my house tonight so cool!
Alright i hope you have tons of fun
We are covered in paint but the walls, ceilings, & arches are complete! Doors, windows, clean-up, floors & then we start MOVING IN!!!
my engagement ring is here!
party n bullshit?
Wish I was there to see/ participate in this! Love you girls!
"One Flew Over Hartmut's Face"
#shahsofsunset is the most ridiculous show since
agree 100%. I'm a believer of can't throw a team together & expect instant chemistry. It was there late.
i smashed it with my hand & got blood & guts all over my had .. lmao jk ew thats gross
Another Goal - USA 3 to 1
Hey Gwen! How are you?
mall in the morning with my cuzzie poo =)
The voice of #BartSimpson, #NancyCartwright, to give Ohio University commencement address on June 9.
So many drunk civilians. So many.
I want some money too. I'm going public.
I want to go to the Mint show<333
Do you need a Ta-Ta-Tuesday bumper sticker? Email us: with your name and address and we'll send them to you!
I MET CALEB FROM FTSK!!!!!
what a few years ago he was in california at Los altos high school talking football I saw him then never shook his hand
we'd LOVE to be guests at one of your amazing extravaganzas!! call us if you need two fun & fashionable fill ins.
Looking forward to another amazing show from you guys! Keep it up!
I appreciate the kind words coach. Good talking with you; stay in touch!
R u in Atl?
They are long, but "Summer is coming."
Up early today earlier then usual for a Sunday. Going to be worth getting up early for sure cuz I'm going to the #Tigers #WhiteSox game YAY!
moskoj: thank you for emailing me the rountable session topics. Let me know where you post about it on the ...
#andrewbreitbart Holy smokes, he sends liberals into high dudgeon the way I thought only George W. and Rush were capable. So much vitriol!
so what happened what she do?
for cat scan and blood work not my usaual saturday saturday
RT : knocked on over 2,000 doors in Louisville supporting Jack Conway and local KY Dems!
Why don't students ever understand cc/bcc? To be fair, I didn't know the difference until I was 22.
DID Fox news 25 really just plug a fundraiser for a dude who got killed in a "Drug deal gone bad" Plz tell me I'm just running to fast @ gym
So u sayin I'm cute?!?
Planning to tour #duringthesummer WHAT UP WEST COAST?
What? People are stubborn? Get out of town!
Thanks for the follow, Adam!
Firehook is a great place to enjoy lunch! We have a variety of gourmet food and drink items to complement our breads which are made daily.
y'all don't faint of the shock. ;)
These women are so childish
More blog-crastination, but now I have a decent excuse: basking in the awesomeness of Maui!
what if u don't have the money to pay for the application can u still take the exam?
I was on the same a few weeks back. Are you watching once upon a time?
4 more followers?
This generation will make the change. We are a part of that change! Teach your Children the benefits of good Health!
been following, but I can't DM if u ain't following me
i think this is how it feels to become irrelevant.
#geekend #fa111 via transmedia marketing rocks when done right.
Omg!! I'm praying it's nothing. WOW
This Kanye fellow has some musical talent. He's a bit vulgar for my tastes, but so was Hemingway.
Right on.
The moment when you see your ex again after so much time and it brings so many memories.
There is no way you knew this. None. Gary Kabaly has been booking films in our theaters for over 25 years. Imagine. 25 years.
Happy Mothers's Day to you too, babygirl!!! I was still laughing at that eyelash story... Haha! My dilemma today is Doobie or wig?
Happy St. Patrick's Day for Padraig Harrington after the (61) he shot on Thursday! has him winning #PGA #Golf Transitions :-)
Why in the world would I edit a core file?
Just found out that Dev from the song "Like a G6" is playing at our Soma show on Nov. 11th. Pretty sweet.
Congrats to All-American Availables Showcase participant Marcus Lewis who signed with Eastern Kentucky last night. Another one off the board
haha no no no
its not really the sun here, plenty to do inside, its the heat! Lol. The padres get the same attendance we do tho!
working on a twitter training power point for my company. anyone have any good training info that I could use?
hey , you like garcias shave? lol....guess he finally gave in
monty? Lol! Out of all host names to choose from..
Be careful who you open up to. Only a few people actually care, the rest are just curious.
Jazz Friday 5:30 - &:30 with Kenny Clark and Kenny Cohen. $10 Admission FREE to members. First Friday in the Eau Gallie Arts District
rain makes me sleepy :/
Ghost rider 2 looks awesome!!! nick cage is the new nick cage. and The rock is the new Brenden frasier with Journey to and gijoe
Some days just seem so blah. I just want to go somewhere far far away.
#RonPaul2012 # Boise Rally Baby! I'm starting to feel like a sardine and I LOVE it!
do ya thing and give that good advice when needed. they messin with a pro:-)
Why does the work week have to start on Monday? >>>IT DOESN'T!>>> I think I'll go play another round of golf.....LIFE IS GOOD
White Castle!
THAT'S ALL FOLKS! Battery's at 1%. Congrats to this amazing #DCtheatre community. GO SEE A SHOW!
My job should not have offered that contract for third prize winners. We looked like we bought a pet rat from mexico.
I always got your back sis
I will blast "FF Victory" song for u when I come home and see kick ass GI work! :D
Can i get a follow??? pleasee
The problem is that #Privacy and #Search are no longer about what YOU want... ;)
#FF13 Thanks to all of you! #I<3Jason
thanks for shoutout
May I suggest asking the shuttle drivers to turn the A\C off OR close the door while the bus idles for ten minutes unattended?
"Forgot my passport. Had to sneak into Canada to perform tonight. Don't tell!"...<They didnt wanna keep you?...just kidding!
now that just looks like way too much fun is about to go down! have fun guys!
Although all Mayoral Candidates were invited only Mirna White and attended the LGBT community conversation
the system....lol :( ugh gulp...umm how do i retweet? anybody....
Congrats to Matt Stainbrook and Xavier Basketball - committed to Xavier - will sit a year then have 2 more left!! Great fit!
As begins, she frames gaming in terms of ethical responsibility. And Peter Parker.
I hate when females accuse me of being a player ima actually a big nerd :( don't judge a book by its cover!
and this is why the cashew is the king of nuts.
It is more expensive to fly to Antigua than it is to spend a week at an all-inclusive resort in Antigua.
omg yay<3 you did really good! And you looked beautiful!
fuck this i cannot do it man
Welcome back students! Come in out of the cold - we have great places for you to study and work on your research!
We would never shun you! ;)
wow that's a lot of songs!
Im about to upload the mixtape but I only have 11 songs. cant find the number twelve!
Woke up at 3:00 this morning
thanks for the RT! happy Monday!
Idk if its just me,but the older i get the less i care
Laying in bed and all the best ideas u have ever gotten just keep flowing on in. Now u can't sleep. Retweet if this is you.
If you're not my man don't call/txt me after 10pm thank you
Oh n I tripped n fell playin bball w/ the guys n now both of my knees r really cut up therefore I def will be lookin my best for mothers day
what happened i am good friends with the dad mike
I'm a math major, and I've thought about Dan's seating question. Pretty sure the only way is to have people sit in a circle
Is there an app for iPhone
what was the name of the store that had the cell phone remote start on sale?? Thanks Jenn
I'm just another kid that's going thru life so worried that I won't be accepted
#NAPO1212 #NAPO2013 We need video streaming next year- not just recordings for sale.
Still on a shopping high from all of the gowns & bridesmaid dresses we ordered at Chicago Bridal Market!
I think Subway has a ninja marketing tactic and that would be to make you smell like herbs and cheese ALL DAY!!!
*eavesdropping* that is the cutest!
QoTD: "Other people's opinion of you does not have to become your reality." (Les Brown)
#90sareallthat is making my night that much more pleasant.
Go and follow and then so you get an instant followback! CHECKING the first 25 only who do it! so #Go!
Thank you, we hope you have a great Wed. too!
: Do you think Glee has made you a better dancerr? :)
Want to feel pretty hard? Watch Gangland for about three hours and you'll go into
Problem is, how could a principal find time to keep an eye on, say, 14 teachers' social media interactions?
NOW YOU'LL READ MY TWEETS, HUH? Yay Packers! See? Paul Davis Restoration & Remodeling won't steer you wrong. Pls keep reading our messages.
proud of you!!! Nothing but good things coming for you :)
I chilled outside every single possible second I could today. Even though I'm working.
Hearing someone speak Spanish is very sexy.
I sure will, thanks so much!
calm before the storm?
I'm home.
Watched pilot of "24" today. It's been years. Forgot how sexed up it was. Gotta do what ya gotta do to get the show picked up, I guess.
Hide you daughters, hide your wives, Ben is in town.
Looking for HR managers, recruites to work with us! Contact us at for details.
lucky dnt forget to txt me whenever u can :)
Fine coming for cursing Pau ...
it was! Shoot! Are you still around? We're at sticky rice!
(The Business of Sports), (Partnership Activation), (Power Sponsorship).
Are you guys going to eat all of your chocolate pie? Just asking, if you don't want it!
YES ORGASMIC.<3;D
It's been raining al day
It's President's Day. Whatever company you work for, wish the President a Happy Birthday. You don't want to be the dumb person who forgot.
Tonight has been a really good night, i didnt even know how much i missed you being a part of my lfe
hmm... probably something that's completely average but would look cool with a special filter on it. Like grass. Or a building.
Thanks, I'm trying...
Ridiculous. Absolutely ridiculous.
Still waiting for the stache to work its magic...
I do now lmao
I need to focus and you tweeting me isn't going to help :(
Happy is getting a tryout with the #Chiefs this weekend. KC could use a really good 3rd TE.
Beebas Book Nook offering used kid's books for $1. Proprietor Robin McKnight says it's her 5th year at the event.
: #Pisces love more deeply than any other sign. Once you have their heart, it's always yours.
Merci! YOU rocked 😉
how was I rude? Gosh so mean to the little Indian one. Geeeezz
What are you waiting for: Google Places is waiting for your business!
yo where you gon be this summer
Ey yo Miss Natalie, does your party tour end in LA? P.S. u R BEAUTIFUL INSIDE AND OUT!! Don't eva change!!
Rachel Crow killed that ish ... #xfactor. Btw ... Simon got so much swag ...
In a moment I'm lost, dying from the inside. Her eyes take me away, tear me apart from the inside out.
oh moms!
LOL now now...don't get sensitive on me. He's a coon bean bruh. Don't look at it racially. I'm not about that bs
about 9 am. So that wasn't your handsome face I saw?? :(
&quot;How to Do Website Optimization Yourself, Inexpensively and Successfully&quot; From ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
RT : Terrell Owens first catch moments ago was a touchdown.
To have you must first believe that you deserve!
Just saw 8 girls get out of the back of a 2-door Alero! Haha
The handlers are working hard
Ohh the random things that happen on skype<3
After 8 years of shameless Bush neocon swagger, the GOP claiming that Obama is "spiking the ball" is laughable.
lol. Me too
Nice start to the game for the Packers!
Everytime I listen to lil boosie "I miss u" I think of my cousin mckinley & ram :'(
I made it to Post, TX. Yeehaw!
Thanks, Keesha! He keeps me on my toes! RT Hilarious!
happy meow-ther's day, then!
Miss you already!
effective schooling for black and Latino children has run its course." In re PICS 2007
Ok, that was awesome. And I'm a dork...not a literal one. I know how u think.
Are you following ? It's the mother ship for all things Crusade.
Live @ 7, we're live at the Funhouse Lounge. It's called an arts-centric lounge. Find out what it means on KGW.
#Syria|n #Revos-U better quit whining over #sects & start supporting #SYRIA.When #Obama pulls the #NATO trigger-NO sects matter but
RT: Calls from Youngster Joey
Fo sho! We're like, loosely connected so maybe I'll get to pat you on the back at somebody's party in 2012. Hah! Keep rockin'!
Wow just went thru a storm in Chicago!!
3 1/2 week am class starting September 1 and an evening starting September 7th! Check out our website at www.TuckerSchool.com!
Who enjoys friendship more than I?
you're most welcome!! Hope your week's started off well :-)
Weekly #HCG Tip! If u have crab meat on P2 make sure to get FRESH crab meat b/c imitation crab meat is loaded w/ sugar!
Tweet me a "<3" if you want me to DM your name!!(:
Here are some "tools" that #redevelopment junkies should learn about. One is called "your own money" and the other is "private investors."
Always on - the most significant trend - must provide info to users all the time
Pia is really sweet and will talk to you if she has time.
Texas? blank stare...
Oh lol! Should have read the tweets before I just tweeted haha!
let's get a tree for out apt this weekend!!! we can decorate and listen to christmas music and cuddle with hot chocolate :)
Because I am, I do...Because I do, I am!!! Shannon Evans Get it Get it Get it Mavs!
my head hurts
Tuning radio to the TV, which it is not. Giggling at Ghostbusters theme song.
Entourage lost all its essence when sent for syndication
Can I marry an Australian??
lol who knew so many people had our nonsense in common? :)
Just so you people know if Phillip sucked then he would be in the bottom 2!!
Things that are better together - peanut butter and jelly, Sonny and Cher, Batman and Robin, chips and guac, gin and tonic. What is missing?
thanks for the follow! find us on facebook and jam "Carnival" recorded with
#TroyDavis #FreedomFighter You may not have won this battle but you made waves!" Change is coming..RIP
my nickname for it DUH
Okay, just blew me away. Talk about quick & easy web app hosting/deployment! There's a premium, but wow a lot of power.
exciting times
It's quiet around here now, but it's going to get crazy in about an hour. Quiet before the storm!!
I loved words. I love to sing them and speak them and even now, I must admit, I have fallen into the joy of writing them. — Anne Rice
he is lol
Good lord, when did I get so critical of movies!? I don't even like the stuff I should definitely be liking.
That's what i like to hear! :D
Good tip. I often forget the importance of special and personal anything!
follow me back please! ♥
They have money for war, but can't feed the poor
Aw, thanks. We love connecting with people interested in what we do.
hay mama how was ur day
Yeah, but Neiman Marcus lets you return things with full refund when you realize it doesn't fit. Too bad free agency doesn't.
NO! Hey, boy's turn around! Walk this way! The milkshakes are over here!
Heard that Strez. Clean it up to strictly Sox fans
RT - Indians start 3 game series in Arizona tonight on back of being swept by Giants. Cleveland now trail Detroit in...
Immersive "presence" ripe research topic for abundant Internet via , especially in Second Life
Oh u put #teamfollowback on every tweet, thay doesnt make u look deaperate for followers at all...
That is Kentucky Derby scale of Hat awesomeness!!!!
A million hoodies for Trayvon Martin!! Wed March 21 Union Square 6pm. Wear ur hoodies
yay!!!I hope you pick me :{D
"Whatever happened to shame? Is shame such a bad thing?" I love you
Do all #MBTA employees get a raise & pillow with fare hike:(. Public Meetings - Newton City Hall - Tuesday - 5:30pm to 7:30pm.
He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals. ~ Benjamin Franklin
Weird thing about my adventure. When I stick with it I lose weight. When I cheat, I don't. What's up with that?
“: Justin Bieber's voice makes me melt. #BOYFRIEND”
It's funny, I've had this exact thought!...you nailed it. Thanks so much!
Also, how weird is it to say, "I'm getting married next week." Seriously!!!
Did I stop caring, or did I redirect...idk...
Feeling bad for your ex...
#Oomf is blowin up my TL with bullshit. It's making me want to vomit.
I'm lonely and have a headache. A drink and some relations would be superb.
Love is a game. You play it everyday. Love is a pill. That you take when you have pain. :) xx
Formulated my plan, motivated by dreams, elevated with my mans, motivated my team✨
#moverslongisland still available during this week. book now before it's too late! rates are still low, treatment still as good as it gets!
summer break? :)
of course the one derby i couldn't watch.
MT : Who do they see as their market? Leica has become a bastion for the rich only and they have abandoned their past.
FOLLOW ME SWEETIE LOL
#YouShouldNeverTrust people who only talk to you when they need something.
Work capacity is to fitness what location is to real estate
Mother #May I 2012. #Yes I May. #BigMonth to all.
someone passed out and she said she couldn't breathe :(
I fucking miss you to :/ I have not seen your ass in forever either & if I can recall right I called your phone last night
having Olympics withdrawal.
When does the line hit the stores? Or has it already?
I think Pete's gonna snap...
I just want a person to come into my life and make me say Wow! instead of Why?
Jewels I don't have a woman to share Valentine's day with.xoxo :-) Bobby Howard
Thank you so much for your support! Appreciate that muchly! :)
why do we have to be the "really emergency back up plan" for problem landings ... not the first time ...
Where are you? I want to do that!
Decided to go out tonight, this clubbin partying shit is wack. Id rather get to the money & set my sons future up!
More police to create crime. More social programs to invade american homes, tear apart families, more government is not "Recovery"
"It's rare that I interview people that I don't talk to....a conversation begets a conversation"...well said paul
Mind your manners.
Booyah! RT : "Would you like some aloe vera? You just got burned."
Not feeling good & I can't even call outl!! No one would believe person is sick after SuperBowl Festivities & I didn't hang! Damn u nfl!
just looked at your twitter account as you posted this. Considence? I think NOT
i should go wash the dishes b4 i get on oovoo o.O
I do! Would love to :) I'll dm you my info let's do it
guess what? nobody is talking about the economy...
hey I'm tryin to get you followers ;)
Just got my first pair of Vibram Fivefinger Shoes.
Happy Easter to my Tweet Peeps & my FaceBook Friends! Have a Fantastic Day!
Haven't brewed a batch at home in a bit. I'm starting to get the itch. Might have to part the sea of boxes and rifle out a batch this week.
This cashier just hooked a sista up up up up up.
The world is such a strange place.
Brining in 6 or 8 data temps to help with the data entry stuff. The internal SQL guys are writing the rules for normalization.
I have been all over! How are you? What kind of cool stuff?
I need a camera so i can show u guys how i look rite now which is hawt ;)
Costa Rica Why? I make it a Dental Vacation... Cleanings... 25.00 US Dollars! The WORLD should PackABag&Go on frugal travel! :)
Hey Detroit we r hiring nail techs contact us
This kit makes you want to play John Mayer songs.
Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare
a good diet would be toilet paper with inspirational messages like: "You had to eat that second cheeseburger, didn't you?! You fat fuck!!"
getting the coffee. 5 gallons of it.
ca$h out retweets me but never follows me or nothing :(
Worry is for the birds :)lol
Let's be honest were never gonna get enough of eachother
Great day yesterday with the boyfriend and best friend at the mall. Relaxing today(:
The only fans I have seen at the Cliff more annoying than some of the Cards fans were last yr.'s Georgia fans.
welp.. not doing anything this weekend!
yeah I'm dealing with people that wanna drink the worst shit.
thought you all filled that position?
Home from work (: looking for something to do tonight.
Stunned by Firebird.
Come in for #HappyHour at the in for $3 wells and discount drafts, 3-7pm Monday-Friday!
your twitter pic just made my day. Incredible!
- We ALL are Responsible for our Choices - No Matter What the Results Are - Monitor Your Attractions.
cause I paid them all to stay away just in spite of you.
your home doing your little baby shittt,and hes playing you boo
Have a great day
The moral this time is girls make boys cry.
Wake up Louisville my god
Thanks for a great night at the game!
Why is David Decstro still on the board ?
