no thank you ... Let's take more ..
not for anthony...for cool math games... rt ": julie is hurrying. i repeat, julie is hurrying !"
There are
I love the rain, I really do 😊❤☔
“: I miss the #orioles.” Me too! Evening routine askew.
so fake
now imagine if we were sponsored by Monster, the beverage?
Cheap O's! Wire folks ain't excluded.
dam back that up hallendale
my balls & my word, buddy :)
Yes PA3 is definitely on my list of "movies to see" :)
I'm a manager of tech services, IT, doc delivery, and digital projects at an independent research library
So that's my #tourDECure folks. Look like met my goal 6h 30min in saddle!
who's he?
Good morning all you #twitterbugs so happy that Friday is finally upon us! Nothing exciting to do, just sleep and no HOMEWORK!!! Yay
youre too nice:)
If Chuck Norris has 5 dollars and you have 5 dollars... Chuck Norris now has 10 dollars...
gonna be a god day, I can already feel it
Lay back while I illuminate the Darkness 🌟
i hear that!
6 hours or so left ... Waiting for rapture ... Should be brushing up on heavenese!
I could maybe see a third return to Minny in the cards? If he didn't completely burn that bridge last time..
Well, night will be over in about 50 mins. Then will you tweet again? :-)) If not, have a good night, Nile!
Bout to get my Tan on!! :)
less then 30 minutes! good job!
I'm so clean, why wouldn't I be?
haha why dont you come over and watch them with me
yeah but it's a really cheap magazine that only the most naive catholic priests ever bought before they knew better
Need a director? Jenna Tulls should be cast opposite Arm Pitt. Donchathink?
#WHChat A caution re/ #LRA attacks: please work for peace, not retribution. Peace takes resolve.
I will. Girls is a great show, but I will never forgive HBO for canceling How to Make it in America.
Just finished watching "War Horse" Really good movie!!!
NO BEANS PLEASE.!!!
I love how much these anchors get it! #UndercoverDirectionersAtTodayandSunrise :D Xx
lol. Doubt you will
Your novel is now added to the TBR pile; sorry I haven't gotten to it sooner.
People in school are like why are you so quiet, and I’m just like, “Lol, I hate everyone.”
3 hours at Whitman Birthplace! So much thesis stuff!!
Back and forth between O's and Idol!
Just dogs. Hate to discriminate but cats would be difficult to wrangle for an outdoor show. :-}
follow her as it heer 13th birthday 2day andthat would be the best bday present for her pretty please
Align & Yoga Flow Series: This #yoga series builds on the foundational basics of the #asana practice.
not really - usually 1-9 but i maybe able to take an hour dinner on another friday
It is raining cats and dogs out here in #santaclarita!
Gonna Go To The Mall Tmr Then Go To The Mall Again on Tuesday With My Bestie Saryeah & Spend The Night!!! :D
I know!! When I first saw her I thought it was Olly for a second!!
Only days left to win $250 credit. To enter, tweet the scariest place you've been and include
What's the fuss all about? The only stretch of the NE Extension where my Internet doesn't work is Washington DC to New York City.
we did thank u:)
Watched hungry girl on cooking chnl.thought I was in for food porn, but just got the cinemax soft core. No bueno.
fina pop any minute and ima b a daddy :-)
minus 36 cents for me, 93 FTL *cops bike*
imdb stalking, I assume?
Oh it's fine! I'll keep a searchin'.
If Brauns bat was found to be corked on that last broken bat.. Would that be the dagger??
Pretty hair color!
Thx - hanging-in there. Fly back to Hong Kong soon. Alas - business travel...
shut the front door! I love Toni! Where will she be? Is the book out already?
RT : Beat day ever in the #UK! Got to see a #Arsenal #Futbol match! #HatTrick by and meet
Why the fuck would you buy the one direction album multiple times. Like, I'd understand buying it on itunes, and then getting it in CD form
is shining a light on children who are #homeless & #agingout of #fostercare. Lets bring #ProjectMeetMeHalfway to #RhodeIsland!
Of course it's Farm Day!!!!
Historian David Noble- the American patent system was created to protect the rights of individuals but corp. research labs benefit most.~D
Thomas Bruzzesi, top real estate investor for over 10 years will show America how $0.00 cost to taxpayers job plan.
A case of Island Wheat and a couple of text books
#MustFollow , the FIRST LADY of #ALLREADYFAMOUZ !!!!
Itching for that paper 💰
"I bet my Mom could design me a really cool album cover. It would be like, like a fuckin, like a Holiday Inn Hallway painting."
I keep attempting to kick my To-do lists ass but it keeps hitting back.
"forgot" - sure. She wanted some alone time. ;-)
Sure, let us know when works for you. We're in town this week and next.
Perfect day to be open for #UT spring semester. Come by for some Cuban coffee! RT January 18 is National Gourmet Coffee Day
Q3 Using Google docs to create a collaborative grade level poetry book.
Jigging and square dancing workshop
need a follow to DM
He then said "do you want to do this the easy way or the hard way?" to that I responded "the hard way"
Come on Bank of America, you're interfering with my chick-fil-a breakfast.
Counting down the days till I see & !
how are you?:D
Birthday Cupcakes Homemade birthday cakes and cupcakes are rare these days, which means that if you do go to the trouble of making them y
Maintaining a Christ-like mindset is difficult during finals, can't let exhaustion cloud the cross.. Gotta keep going. To God be the Glory.
what about Indonesia? :'(
i been good just finishing up my school, are u gone be out here this weekend im a try and finish that video on saturday
Having to write about Michael #Fassbender and sex--not to mention talking to him about it--is just plain cruel.
"Peace begins with a smile." -Mother Teresa
I'm going to just go ahead and add this night to my "best nights in California" list.
Aye bro we gotta meet up to make these moves, I move out soon.
Is this by Pittsburgh?
happy va-#LIN-tines day indeed!!!
u want a small one (like lisa) or a big one like mine?
There's nothing like trying to go to sleep early then waking up @ 1:45am.
Which is worse, failing or never trying?
Perfect! Might get one of those myself, LOL!
it's so hot out wish it would all of this heat would disappear!
love break!!! dancin to work
You're gonna have your first period soon.
The Nationals' good pitching and the Reds' mediocre hitting are not a good match. Can we get the Pirates back?
gene wilder is turning 80 next year. my mind has been blown.
Watching teen mom i am so proud of these young girls !!!!
Mark Blumenthal has just returned from a business trip to Chile.
um no she didn't and about what?
I want to be the best skateboarder from this city ever .
thank you! have a great weekend.
Awww man, I forgot to send you all those juicing recipes yesterday.
RT : Someone who RTs this wins "Walk & Talk: West Wing Reunion" script signed by #MartinSheen & whole cast!
RT if ur excited for ocean city!! i am!!
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? DM me?
Note to self: Next time bring an umbrella and comfortable shoes when spending the day in downtown Chicago :-/
Ice cream with the family :)
EXCELLENT rollergirl team name! Had a team from DC play ca. year ago; can't recall team name but outfits like Wonder Woman.
It's #Follow Friday time! Gotta give props to for organizing the cookoff this weekend at Coffee Groundz!
Excited to attend today's sessions in European, US and World History at the AP Conference in SF. Good line ups!
I wonder if anybody on SEAL team six was ever a so-called 'bully'? That word means nothing, kind like 'racist'
Some dick actually just asked if I was an accident. I almost fucking slapped him.
Don't live that negative way, make way for the positive day.
Watching food shows at 1 am is not the best thing.
So no zombies and they are still on the farm. Okay I am done with this show. So much promise. What a disappointment.
follow #riseofindies -- valuable insights this evening to be sure!
LOL is "laugh out loud". Text shorthand. Please order my book and help bring attention to this problem. 600,000 women also!
nice in Chicago today, so perhaps it's headed your way, Courtney.
The power is out at 57th Street Books. We apologize for any inconvenience & will be open at 10am tomorrow.
Beauty is skin deep; ugly goes right to the bone.
My brother is fat and runs out of breath so easy. It's so funny
- Then A Bird Hit The Window & Scared The S* Outta Me . . i Took That As A Sign .
Oh how Gloria loves thee.
I gotta keep it moving and NEVER look back the pass needs to stay in the PASS.
See you there! MT : 14 days to Destination ImagiNation Global Finals! Excited to celebrate creative brain...
without a doubt!
Omfg I just watched the movie dear john n I lived it... really good movie
For real. I prefer Dave Ramsey's view: *we* are the economy.
np. can try again later if you have access to a cam.
Finally- I can put words to my deep man feelings. Thanks
I got MB on blast
Going to bed early with a good book.
These finals are gonna be the death of my grades!!!!!
go online, i miss ur adorable tweets! hehe, hope u have a lovely day! love u so much! xoxo♥
Dumping for use with scheduled tweets on looking something more reliable.
Do you have any shipping in philippines? How could I buy the Valerian
Sold! Don't give into the 3 hour rule. It's a fine balance. As long as it comes with sugar & flour...all is right in the world!
Love it! RT : introverts in a completely extroverted society through social networking. Crazy, huh?
DO IT!
A remarkable day at Lost Apple blog! My most hits ever! I can't thank you all enough!
If only the souls of my shoes could speak, the story will be of rough roads through beautiful bridges.
Thanks for following, Lee!
hey girl!! :D hows AZ treatin' ya...& when are you coming to LA!?
To a project chick, I'm da best it go get!
same here! nothing much!
only U would think to post this!
I have my full make up done and its only 4...
There's a lot of talent around the league this year, it's hard to say how things will play out.
I'm not a stranger! Doesn't count ;)
Wow, Check out the blog: Why the F*** do you have Kids?
I'm fine with Doug.
Sometimes I wish I was a character in family guy. Like really a cartoon.
Lazy Sunday. Well, Lazy Sunday morning, anyway. Gotta get work done!
wow brittani you look really tall.
I've got two things in mind for Cult Spark. Was just thinking about how I really need to write at least 1 this week.
This show's gonna go LATE. RT : me too.
Making things difficult - Herald Scotland
RT : I'm djing at the show at the Sunset Tavern tomorrow night. I'll play at least 3 songs off The Wood soundtrack
Got a B in French I. 👌
Happy mothers day to all the moms you guys are very special and I hope this day is special for you cause you deserve all o it
Thanks for winning the award for driving the farthest to the IIA Kickoff event tonight!
this weather is perfect 👌
twitter for customer service rocks
I always feel smarter after reading Spin Sucks cc
"Chika Chika in the Galleria at Sunset is So SUPER CUTE!!!"
Sunday Fun Day at #Paradise Valley Mall! 20-25% off all jewelry merchandise! Hurry visit us today!
Try going European at #WineRiot NYC:
RT : No idea 's SM strategy was so robust. Thx & for visiting #mcom333 - too
Pitting pomegranate seeds under a pool of water in a large salad bowl makes the seeds fall super easy, no splattering red stains either :)
Don't look at me I'm right up there with y'all.
You don't silence ignorance by ridiculing it, but by doing good, educating by example
So what if I follow most of my followers? They are my fans right? My teammates don't have as many fans as me. They are just jealous.
Ya! was pacing outside from 630am for the gates to poen. SO glad I went too!
first of all...thank u Lord for waking me up....
#ACMawards Loved performance and dress and shows I just love her
Most fears are self-created. If you create it, you can overcome it.
Winter Pledge Drive ! Please contribute & support another 30 years of John Schaefer spinnin' new & unusual music:...
What do you think about Technorati ? Do you use it? Does it work?
he really lose it doe .. smh
lol that is a good idea
bird for dinner!
Life is a lot like toilet paper. You're either on a roll.. or you're taking shit from some asshole.
appears that way.... he asking for one giant splinter!
I'm so over
Whoa! Yea that real soon! Congrats
ikr? all their articles are followed by K diatribe from their readers. you are what you attract.
I'm so tired my eyes are seeing doubles like I'm drunk
Also it's ronnie jackson's birthday. So, double incentive.
I got kicked out of the bedroom for farting and shitting in the house. Kinda in trouble.
This guy makes me wanna cry. Is it his hair? Or his obnoxious question?
The difficulties we experience as we attempt to be like someone else, are the growing pains of discovering our own uniqueness.
HOW CAN I SHOW YOU THEM ?? THERES 9 I NEED TO SHOW YOU!xx
what Do You Think Of Tebow In A Jets Jersey? Even Though Im A Bronco Fan I Wish Them The Best. :D
I'll have to squeeze it in b/w work, HS frisbee coaching, a celebration w/drinks and the Youth Poetry Grand Slam tonight.
Do you have a fave truck or food item? I need to start checking some of these trucks out...
Goodmorning getting ready for school:)
me and lexi are way too drunk to look at furniture for our apartment
FOLLOW ME, BABY<3
change is good in your life
Does anyone know what Abraham Lincoln's voice sounds like
I tried to hang myself with a bungee chord. I kept almost dying.
ook!! So I absolutely love the interview you did with the guys and I was like lol-ing
What would happen if I hired two private investigators to follow each other?
2 hours of f'en sleep...omg
I miss my mom, the most selfless person I know & an excellent role model for me. Although still with us, too far away to hug.
your mind is always in the gutter!
just recomposed myself after that loss. my mind went to a dark place for two hours. shitty playoff scruff, slicked hair and dress shoes on.
the top chefs showing how its done and winning their coats! congrats and !
Drinking 2009 Kobler Family Vineyard Syrah.Cherry, blackberry, pepper,great acidity and smooth tannins. Delicious & Rhone-like
feels so good to click the publish button.
what's going on tonight, new york city?
(When people complain) #ThoughtsDuringSchool Wow! Your life is so hard. Your parents must hate you so much. But hey nice iPhone 4s.
#Clippers win ! Can't wait till the playoffs!
meh. Funny but hardly accurate.
ok and absolutly no patience
so sad that i missed the Assassin Party! Looks like lots of fun. Are you doing another one?
RT : Several words resonate w/
oh, Joe.. Fresh mountain snow + no deadlines= the good life!
Hi Sean!My company's trying to reach someone in Twitter to discuss promotion options,w/o response.Please help,who's the best to contact?
I Don't Do Facebook relationship. I think U understand Y
YEAH GIRL<3333333333333333333
have fun, girl! Pittsburgh is awesome. I love the Shadyside/Walnut St. district. Great shopping there!
Lunch tomorrow?
That moment when the sun is coming up and you're still out
Gotye's real name is Wally. Now he's just somebody that you used know with a cool name.
#majorstalkmode when he comes.
Today Josefine called Don Cherry a "hockey clown". She wasn't being mean, she loves hockey. It sounds cuter in German, I swear. #GoCanucks?
RuPaul's #DragRace finale!!! Who's gonna win??
Please go follow ((:
QR codes that take customers to full site on mobile device is poor experience. It's just having a QR code for its own sake.
Planning, Planning, Planning! Sometimes its just as much fun as Doing, Doing, Doing!
god bless ohh my haters
What is the purpose of creating a JoVE account if we have an institutional subscription?
Nothin else like this.. imma make you my bitch ;)
You are all not seniors juniors or sophomores until I finish my finals give me till Monday at 9:20 then you can bask in the glory
You're right Joe... It's not good. Can't score a run in 2 games.
I am trying to catch up on a number of requested posts: about insurance for fieldwork gear, about how to share materials, etc.
I'm hearing rumors of a sighting in DC. Hope the haven't made any weekend plans.
You'll see I will have my own Youtube channel soon and will be famous! As pets and people from all over the world share my vids!
lol, and by protecting me you mean you stand behind me, protecting my back side ;3 lmfao.
The Crystal Method at BLEU DETROIT tonite!
I exist. And if I speak one thought aloud, that thought lives. Even after I'm shoveled into my grave..
Today, was a day from hell. Can't wait for it to be over. Sadly I know tomorrow will suck, also.
LOL... but its a dry heat
It's not you it's...yeah actually it is you
Just got home I think I might go to bed
new yungin need some studio time
Get Barbara Bach's Bond Girl Look: Bond girls have become a female archetype staple in cinematic culture, and Barbara Bach is no exce...
where are you living in Poland? What piece of boltanskis was it?
Going to do ADR for Hardcore Hearts. Yay for final production steps!
I would be fine with that. Non conf season occurs ages ago. Diff team come march.
The addition to the looks fantastic with unique gallery spaces. Get back there if you can!
I appreciate it. I am sure I'll have more questions for you.
OH HI
Putting myself first on the list this Monday: out for a walk along the harbor before work.
seriously, or dad needs to get her one.
sup big bro
Not surprised. And none of these things are actually useful.
Work in 15 :/
You taught me how to feel the butterflies in my stomach. Over and over and over again.
...seriously, you played a good game that day. I just didn't like the result.
Devin Ebanks is not nearly good enough to take his jersey off after getting ejected
"Best Worst Movie" reminds me why I love movies.
(301):Before I left he asked me if I could submit my panties for the frat house undergarment chandelier. I said yes
Hey Jeff, How are you? <3
What kind of tracks do you listen to on beautiful days like today!?
Sense 5 minutes ago i dont know what just died, A:Me B:My Heart C:All of the above <\3 Mood:Sad and Heartbroken D: <\3
- I'm Too Younq For Marriage, Too Old For Games, & Too Smart For Players <3
Gonna miss rainy games at the old stadium. Fans in the good seats would leave. I'd take their spot after the rain delay.
what kind of nickname is Jew haha
Gotta punch out this essay!!! -___-
Thank you!!!
First of all, if their Internet alias is #TALLHOTBLONDE: you should immediately know they're not!
sorry my love I had to study :( let's hang later! Love u
they just built an iHOP behind my work and now everytime i go to work i think of you...
you're welcome! Thanks for following me too.
At least I know people in my classes ^_^
oh shit here comes tom
I got cha
I guess it's a trend among music legends to barely tweet at all, hence why or don't do it often. Not even
keep following jennette mccurdy keep it up
My mouse keeps mysteriously wandering over to the #ChristmasMusic... I keep having to tell myself just a few more weeks!!!!
Too hot for clothes....love living alone!!!!! Love being naked honestly my fave way to b!!!!
We have yet to find a time of day in which pizza doesn’t taste good.
that's how it's happening. ( correct way of writing it)
Im getting prepared to be a Georgia Bulldog!
Traveling to Coachella or just want the inside scoop? We suggest following She'll have all the info you need!
#Reasonstoohatepublictransportation Because they just let anyone on
You can email us at any time with questions or to show us an awesome theme: themes at automattic dot com.
I wish I knew how close Poughkeepsie was to me during The Rise and Fall Of My Pants Tour.
the numbers are larger than ever. I have some hard facts that would blow you away. Why your interest?
She's my kind of gal!!
boy with Dimples awww {in Front of Me¡ ^.^
I knowww, I miss u. I will be <3 txt me tonight.
“: "If you're name-droppy, you're lame-droppy"” Nice! Can I tell people that Sarah Silverman told me that?
And in the end I feel alone.
thinking about doing another reading marathon...Sarah Ruhl, Anne Tyler, "Julie and Julia" and "Twilight" come to mind. Recommendations?
Life is a quest and love a quarrel. —Edna St. Vincent Millay
and that's makes you what 13?
N i got tha gattz...Gilbert Arenas ba especially
A few hours of alone time
and your my one and only<3
YES YES YES! Thanks, Natalia! -Kyle
Fajitas For Two??...who said I was sharing?
where and what time?
swear I ain't ever seen this many bees in my life😱
Omg. Im so jealous! There is this thing if you stay in choir 4 years then you go to NY. Yeah, so thats what im gonna do (: lol
Captain! Hawks live another game!!
if you're #TeamCorahn the go follow and
I'm trying to come up in Vegas.
Good! I'm glad.
I've been staring at my computer screen for an hour trying to write this stupid essay :/
thank you! great to see you back at the #showboxsodo for #startupriot and hope to see you again soon! :)
thanks and #FF back!
Currents is based out of central florida!
HUGE CONGRATS ...awesome stuff...ur the first MALE ordered groom I know of from the big C!! RT 2 days till my wedding, sweet!
Thanks and I feel so popular!
Dick Stockton is doing an exceptionally terrible job. He is also 79 years old.
I can hardly wait to read Animals Welcome by one of my all time favs Peg Kehret! It's about her animal rescuing. She's my hero!
Yeah you might eat pussy, But do you eat it good tho ? O_o #YeahIDo lol
Job Board Powered by Bullhorn
That performance was fucking flawless, fall included. My, God.
Love new ideas. My book 'The Maya Prophecy'(soon to be published)may give a different twist too!!
I think Spike is getting ready to leave. That's 13 straight playoff losses for those NY Knicks. Wow.
Lol u funny,
what does it take to get a reply from you? /:
if you had the ikeep you would of never of dropped your phone.Btw I'll kill you in temple run
I'm chasing my dream just like you did.
tied my shoes and put it at the edge like a fucking dumbass.. Aha
Where the tragic happens, you have not been properly debriefed, shitshow fuckfest, Dhegdheer, Zhan Huo: FURY US.
Odo: How well are libraries doing in maintaining Carnegie's vision of a community place that provides a platform for upward mobility?
Nene on glee tonights episode , can't wait...
New BOOST Mobile Blackberry on the faster CDMA network! $60 UNLIMITED EVERYTHING. Come check them out today~~ 303.321.3330
Snooooowww!!! #bass drink up
Lookin' at you there, Road Guy. Canseco does not allow quoted retweets. Someone might accidentally make him look unstupid.
Oh I'm hungry.
A new leader must change an organization that is dreamless, soulless and visionless .. someone's got to make a wake up call. ~ Warren Bennis
Grab your pooch and join us for a fun book signing even this Saturday at PETCO, 67St. and 3rd Ave, 12-4pm, "Paranormal Pooch" by Olga Horvat
"Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true." -Leon J. Suenes
..boy, we're feel'en purtty good there, chief!
locked in!
thanks for the shout out.
#Niners, my childhood team!! And you the supermodel xo
follow me back please
Pickup Line: My Love for you is like diarrahia ... I can't hold it in
wow, ok, Maybe that's deserved ;-) ❤
What are you doing New Year's Eve. Portland businesses are celebrating now. See why at 5pm and 6:30pm on KGW NC8.
Found a friend to go with me.
Omg twitter keeps unfollowing people!! Please dont unfollow me if my account unfollows you!! I will follow you right back!! ASAP!!!
(Henry Frederic Amiel) For purposes of action nothing is more useful than narrowness of thought combined with energy of will.
Looking at her is obnoxious, but listening is all right. This could prove challenging live.
I dance naked on my room too HAHAHAHAHA
I have to work tonight and saturday........ah, I really don't wanna go, but I always feel that way
PINK <3 Lynette's style :)
are you coming anywhere close to Memphis Kev?? Your too funny man! Alright Alright Alright!
Going to the #wmphoenixopen or a #SuperBowl party! Make sure you have a designated driver and stay safe!
says LivingSocial beats out Groupon's deals- what do you think?
Yeah...it's like they see only the forest and can't make out the individual trees!
i can always pick out your avatar on other social networks too. i'm like "is that adam? yep. green man."
nice icon :)
you skate? Ha
Technically, cocktail hour here is ANY hour, but I have been cutting back lately.
Watchin Spongebob bout to call it a night i guess?.Guddnite Tweet Birds
Mobile ad spending up 314% - holy smokes. Insurance and banking led the way. Maybe banks could make the same commitment in people.
Thanks for a GREAT Season !!! Can't wait till 2012 season GO PACK GO !!!
My megadesk (put screen & keyboard on box to make standing desk) helped keep me focused.
Too much time..#Packers only sent 3
It's SNOWING outside
haha, ur welcome anytime to come hang on the chairs gilly
Good Luck! Hope it goes well.
be happy ur taller than me 
and Mark Fitzpatrick on social media as a 21st c education tool for teaching civic engagement & citizen participation
How much more could a person's life suck.
Eww NEVER in my LIFE would I eat a coffee flavored PEZ!
Skyzone... Hope this is fun
Club Sirius is the place to be tonight downtown SA. No cover all night 21+ welcome 228 lasoya st.
Polyphony H.S. loves you! Thanks for all you do for young writers!
you the same. Thanks.
no question mark?
There's photoshop, auto tune, & plastic surgery. Too bad there's nothing for your ugly personality.
Bosh out! Damn. Every team is hurt. Heat are not the exception
Exactly! That's the point AllThingsD made.
finally recovered from 30th bday party. it was hardcore.
whoop whoop xD San Antonio is up all night !
Telular Corp. $WRLS (NASDAQ: WRLS) Introduces the First Line of 3G Cellular Alarm Communicators for the Price of 2G
Those are killer; I get 'em almost every time. It's happy hour, so it's tofufallo wings and corn dogs today!
: Of course you can. Beelzebelle = devil = firepants. Excited to hang with you guys later!
sadly RT : Employee profiles are only mandatory if you want to keep your job
#sem2011 book room conquers me again. More awesome music books than I expected!
What in the hell do I do when I'm bored!?
heh, you said discourse
thank you!! it's june 2nd weekend. are you a dad yet??
Hampden is basically the suburbs compared to Station North to me. It was very secluded. Public transportation was an uphill battle.
To all my new followers, thank you. I do follow back, have a good day.
At work blowing Purp
I wish some girls would just stay lesbian and not keep changing there minds
Getting ready for what will be a fun weekend in Indy!
sure thing - and i hope to meet you shortly!
New shirts in on Friday! Just in time for our show with at
won't back up connections on maint delay? Worst policy in the industry. It's like they want me to fly instead.
Well, Facebook seems to think they are. And now they have billion reasons to hope so. ;-)
" I laugh. I stop. Think about it. And laugh even harder " yepp. Thats for sure me
It's a wonder why I am not heavier considering how I eat my feelings!
The smell of cigarettes is disgusting .
OH MY GOD. Did everyone like the 💩?
GiddyUp Night After Tip: Deleting events on homepage: iOS = swipe on the right side of event Droid = tap and hold on event until prompted
I feel silly but I have to ask who is that hunk?
Love and miss you! RT : love you!
Baldur's Gate. Need to remember to save.
way tmi bay
Real niggas do real things
RIP #AdamYauch #BeastieBoys I grew up on their music thx to my older cousins.
I understand that it is subject to many factors. I do have my view but I still wonder
All clear in Cobb county!#tornado #gaweather #
What's your eye color?
set sail...indiana here we come... baha
RT : today has been great ....couple big name new clients hit me up today! word of mouth and flyer dropping is working wonders!
Ok I'm going to pick 2 teams to appear in the superbowl this. 1 is the cardinals, and I'm going to wait to see where mike vick is going.
Last week flew by as per usual- sent you one today :)
I would love for you to read it. I've become obsessed with June Jordan's living room as a space to exercise existence.
I have a question, can you answer it? Are you ready to rock?
school, life, lol nothin really! But I've been playin softball with my sister and I'm thinkin bout tryin out next spring! (:
They still want to make cuts to Paramedic program?
I'm so ready for some football tonight... especially since Fast Willie Parker is on my fantasy roster
Enjoying teaching people to stab each other today. Getting busier with summer approaching.
see, if a tornado come, i'm outta luck. i don't have a basement ._.
That's fine. Just text me (I'll DM you my number) when you're around.
FU*K YOU!
Say goodbye to the hater Errybody Wave!!!
Leaving work to the beats of Bape and an evening of real beauty.
Cheers to for getting us connected! PS ladies (and gents), you should read her blog.
that's a very fantastic question
Thoroughly enjoying research tools on my
The piece is in progress, will keep you posted on when it airs--probably mid-week!
LMAO! ROCK ON!
Thank you for the RT!
You too bro? Yeah i been plotting on sum different
jokrausdu: Wish Google had parties at #sla2010 like they do at #iste conferences
I'm working on so many fun craft projects this week. I want to go go home and craft NOW!
Congrats to our newest Summer intern Paige Blatnik...cant wait to have you on the team
I should have never fallen for you
that was then, an I truly enjoy hearing younger people speak about politics not always old ppl
I picked the #Celtics to score 90 points in this game. For this, I apologize.
In honor of Family History Month, we've created "31 Days of Genealogy - 10 minutes at a time." Check it out: /31Days
you prob wont see this bc you never see my tweets but Happy Easter(: Hope you get to spend time with your family<3
"I'm so horny right now :D" are u kidding me?! Why would u put that as your status?!
randi what the frunch soon is NOT soon enough gal
that's awesome!
Agreed: ": thinks Tuesdays make for much better Mondays than Monday."
Kennedy radicals are not known for #civility but radical acts are necessary -- eg Garrison's "commendable disregard for coonventions"
one more full week , then exams.. blehh
call me.
Well, that does it for the night. King loses to S.A. Churchill 3-1. That series resumes at 4 p.m. Saturday at Cabaniss Field.
No more sacks Rodgers. We need you healthy!
sorry its been a long day. We can meet one day next week.
I hope manning kicks the colts ass next season
My Guess: Q14 How many out of the box integrations are available with Zendesk? (Im not telling you the answer, look it up!)
cool :) site looks good! gl on teh game.
Very few bands can match the energy put our by ! Great set!
I bought a pack of Dentyne Ice and all I got was this lousy unplanned pregnancy
Just saying hey guys. Keep on runnin!
showed up in my google alerts.
the H1N1 is a goverment hox, that was created in a lab. Georgia & Alaska are the research markets...
I WONDER IF GONNA BUMP MY RECORDS LIKE I BUMP HERS!
Cant see it cuz the money in the way real nigga whassup
There is no reason to ever lose you inner child
My life is officially a joke #peerpressure #8amfinal?
And you're welcome. I'm a writer as well. You'll find it interesting what comes out when you have all the extra time.
very serious. but he has to hit 73,000 followers tonight..
Amen!! So true-so serious
user error
The drum circles at OWS may be annoying, but they are less annoying then watching someone ravish your grandmother's 401K.
:-D SO excited!!
Don Julio, $5 Shot of Bushanan's Till 12pm FOR VIP Bottle Service, Table Reservations or to be added to OUR
how much ? And do u use protools ?
I just need Robert Goulet SO BAD.
You must be pretty important. lol
#teenwolf fans who can't wait for next week's episode?? I know I can't !!
How do you subtly tell someone without hurting their feelings that they need a shower?
I have been convalescence is that the right word lol for the whole week I almost died from a stomach pain than a big dog bite.
If you marry you will regret it. If you do not marry you will regret it. If you marry or do not marry, you will regret it.
Gynesis & Mobile Team Tour Dates for Tree Braids & More are at www.hairgynesis.com we're coming. L.A. Aug 6 D.C. Aug 17
I don't know much about fighting, but I know I will fight for you ♫♫♪♪♫
Today is going to be a roller coaster of emotions...
Just bought my tix to see in Seattle, cause he's playing in PDX when I'm at Radiohead. King of Limbs and the King of Rap.
What a beautiful day today
same...laying down..haha
Well I'm STILL intrigued. :)
Totally obsessed with this Globsters band. "Pretty women, rockin' and rollin'. Give me a beer. I'm high as a kite." Genius song!!
You are awesome, okay ;)
Bitch i'm ballin
Luigi's be popping on the low :-)
They erase credit cards within a 10ft radius... oh wait.... that's just certain magnets....
John L Smith the interim Arkansas FB coach? Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
I keep thinking tomorrow is Friday!
Special limited edition Gloves and scarves made for the Grand Central show now available at the LaCrasia booth also at 14th street kiosk.
So true The only phone number I know anymore is my own. That part of my brain is now devoted to passwords
You Never Know How Strong You Are...Until Being Strong Is The Only Choice You Have.<3
Whale's Vagina should be the nickname of Petco Park.
NBC's Revolution is the only show that i am excited about. Chicago Fire has some eye candy .. none of the comedies seem funny. #fourthagain?
SO WHAT....hahaha!!! You fit into them....awesome!!
#hth2012 Cloud computing (depending on what kind of "cloud" one means) can be very centralizing. Path to dependency on cloud providers?
LeBron and Wade both just messing up
Thank you for sharing! Happy Monday!
Hey follow shes so funny an nice an he follows back she's cool af an beautiful follow her an ill follow you/shoutout
In the sticks
Come to the X-ecution tonight at io west at 8pm, and I will buy you a drink at the Room after the show!!!!!
rage one your home team needs a closer just saying it would be a epic chanukah gift
Thanks for reading and sharing! I've been touching on this stuff for a while, now i'm going to spell it out.
Up this early just to mow the lawn.
What?? They are all over. Even Royal Oak still has a dirt road. I grew up around Milford, lots of them out that way.
oh no. Literally just missed you. Left this morning... Visiting Ian for the week. How long are you in NY for?
excited for the first game win!! now, if i can only find a bar to watch the games in dallas, texas.
here we go.
Chris Brown Featured on Rihanna’s New “Birthday Cake” Single
Hey Rachel Maddow, get me a diet coke you little boy! And tell your big dumb brother Keith to go fuck himself.
Me too! I love the excerpts I've read so far.
u be playin! Me & Fran tried swingin thru a few times, but u always be ghost!
Man that trophy is ugly.
Happy Birthday Arizona! 100 years old today.
Creedence Clearwater Revival - Hey Tonight - 06:14 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Does your dog smell fucking beautiful too?
I put lip gloss every 5 minutes yeah its that serious
nice one ! RT : If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in...
what up peeps? what ya'll up to?
Made mini apple pies last night - took them over to my boyfriends so I wouldn't eat them all and now I'm really jonesin for some tiny pies
she literally flipped? Now I know where you get your talent from
perhaps curling clubbing?
I wonder if kindergartners know what the New York Stock Exchange is?
I Am The Future Of The Retro.
Can blackberry phones compete without BES support? RIM seems to think so -- dejavu #PlayBook without any apps
Yes. lol. I just couldn't think of a unisex word that started with B. lol
Dreaming of the Osaka sun
SOMEONE PLEASE RECORD VINNY ON 106&PARKS !! PLEASE I DONT HAVE THE CHANNEL :( PLEASE I WILL TRULY APPRECIATE IT :)
I will pass your congrats on to Gabrielle! Thanks
Just got my Switchabit hooked up
pronounced "sport moooolayyyy"
The coffee lady apologized for taking so long w/my Americano. Uh... What? I told her I hadn't even noticed.
Leaving your windows down while it's raining <
Hi friend! watch on my website littleliars(dot)org,all the Pretty Little Liars se2 episodes online,free access!100%
I remember checking that out from Great stuff!
#Realize RT : Hope everyone has a happy and blessed Sunday??☺
CPC 2 more levels until dinner break -
SIgned a canadian rep about a month ago.Hope the product will be available soon.
The fast and middle lanes of I-64W from Dunbar to Institute will be closed today from 1- 5pm for gravel clean up
Please spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by ! I love that jam and I want to hear it on air!!!
Split pea soup has been done so often...so that makes us wonder, what's the best pea dish/recipe you've ever had/made?
3 auditions today. First coffee, I'm dragging this afternoon!
Ewww! That's disturbing. I had a palmetto bug fly at me the other night. Freaked me out. Ick.
happy wednesday eve and friends
Thank you, im profound frm time to time RT : best thing I've heard you say on twitter
(con)The combat is free flowing/twitch based kinda thing.I'm sure it will get old at some point but its a new thing for mmos
shocked you didn't find a taker! Still have extra? Just got the boot on my plan.
Great session man! Look forward to working with you again!
hm...........well.... like we #rushers say ELEVATE IS WORTH THE WAIT n_n (i don't know about a month though but it'll do).
NDEF is to get around a bug in the google android software for version 4.0.2... if you don't have that issue, then u dont need ndef
Opening day!!.. Take me out to the ball game!!!
Hey Dalton! Wanted to check in and say hi. Hope the world is treating you and yours well. Take care and have a great week.
Most intense play ever. Come on caps!! Tie this thing up asap!
This is the longest day of my life. Just waiting for 9:23.
Of course.
^{}^Avenged Sevenfold^{}^
Merry Christmas to all my tweeps. :)
Team White and I are playing against the Warriors tonight in the last regular game of Mar Vista's roller hockey season. Playoffs in 2 weeks!
#20ThingsAboutMe #3: I'm tiny, but I eat a LOT.
I met you during the Puerto Rico tipo; your a great coach!
Making cupcakes for my baby boy's 3rd birthday!!
Agree...trying to convince org to invest in Korn/Ferry content we can send out as PS material...$10/empl first year...<$2 after
Watching "one night with the king" the story of esther :)))
I'm not southern or northern, I'm from Maryland bitch
Fuck it I'm on one :*
RT Shots will make it better
Hey who knows when #thegoodwife season premiere is?
Hello from a super windy Fort Wayne. Lots to do today.
since there is little track activity, I am working Monday-Thursday the following week
not yet, moving back to SF
US Stock Futures Edge Up As Egypt Fears Ease; DJIA Up 21
i just heard worry list and its so amazing. he's got the absolute best lyrics I've ever heard
farewell, fair myrtle :P
A snitch nigga dats dat shit I don't like bang bang bang
prints drying on the tv stand, under the coffee table, on the floor, the wall, the fridge, under the couch i'm out of room!
Just want to say we love you guys, we have been playing awhile in this area and the people who support us are the best
The only thing funnier than watching Kasey is reading the comments about him
Sunday morning, rain is pouring.
The trash can. Or pay for an appraiser if you think it's worth something. It's probably not if it's in a shoebox in the attic.
BOSS BLACK!!
Without the nuance of personality, we're all just blips on a screen, cogs in a machine, statistics with no real meaning.
you too and ok babe <3
Damn I luv a women wit pretty feet!
open gym tomorrow. working on kipping, a heavy deadlift then doing "christine"
I know llol
Thanks to Adele & Jennifer Hudson for proving talent is king, the Foo for my new theme song, and Bon Iver for his Eau Claire shout out!
Its #thankateacher week. I have to start with Sister Diane Tetrault who let me know it was ok to be a smart girl.
Guess who's playing drums?
Thanks for the RT ! We are all fired up over here and ready for Milwaukee's version of "Iron Chef"!
First and last time I'll say I wish that Twitter was more like Facebook. Promise.
Simon, can sing anything and make it AMAZING! This girl deserves the 5 million!
you should be sitting on my patio eating brunch.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings
maybe i'll marry her......maybe i won't
Take solace, Beasties fans: MCA will live forever, in our hearts and, thanks to the scientists at Snoop & Dre Technologies, our holograms.
": Ur passions shud never be considered work" I've come to believe this just recently. Now I am ready to follow my passion.
Funny. RT : Played Eagle Creek for 1st time yesterday. Whoever built those new holes should be ashamed at best.
(chirping) Sundays or tu/wed nights.
two nights in a row!
lol she made sure she didn't fight her in here house stole her then grabbed her ass
NICE! Good luck training.
#FashionFocusChicago, a week-long celebration of Chicago’s thriving fashion industry, starts today! Let us do the driving!
We will! So excited! Thanks!
Tony is playing at an MVP type level.
Apparently I'm gonna wish I had a storm warning. At least on CMT I do...
To Gates's (and his wife's) credit, he will give most of his wealth away, and he works hard to make it go a long way for charity.
Imma cold nerd
I would be interested, but I'm not sure I will be available for it on Thursday. Does this group meet often?
been using Image Alpha for a week now and the compression is ridiculously awesome. 40% avg reduction.
&here comes another Fever —_— *sigh*
fly to New York!! :D
These things aren't to diss you. I say them to make you think or ask ?'s. Remember, I was once in your shoes but asking ?'s changed that
omg. its phoebe fox. when you were little didn't you say you got her a teddy bear like yours. HAHAHA HAZ :) .xx
So exhausting
Water For Elephants is on next! Yes!<3
yeah. But seems like you wouldn't have nonattitudes on SM at all due to the lack of an invasive survey instrument?
The David Linard Trio will be playing at Cafe D'Jango, 9:00 pm David Linard- jazz piano Nick Tucker- jazz bass Josh Roberts- jazz drums
Thanks for all the well wishes for my 1 year anniversary party. It was a huge success!
I thought health problems--like breast cancer--got them funded. Wait, let me check: yes, it was. Good try, though.
Damn you long eyelashes.
just miss seeing your mom and our friends at work every day. But, it does make me feel like a good American.
We miss U2
A dear customer's dog missing near 38th & Kessler; border collie named Clay; ~40lbs; very shy! Call if found; chip
PHOTO SHOOT AND FILMING ON TUESDAY... LOVE THE WORK. THANK YOU ALL FOR THE FOLLOW
good time tonight the Penna ala Vodka was Delish! u can a replay now on www.theroomlive.com Eat hearty my friends!!!
Tonight. Party934.com. 8 PM ET. I'll be spinning that modern rock and talking about said music. It'll be keen!
Happy Friday! Don't let anyone or anything steal your joy. God blessed you to see another day so enjoy it. Love, Sandra!
jake stoneburner from ohio state, is he the best tight end in 2013 class?
Indeed. Dear to my heart & want to go see!
Jesus can take you from that pit of pain & brokenness & make it into something incredible - if you choose to love & follow Him!
Each day I fall more in love wit my baby :* , he's my blessing <3 , anyways at work 12-830
Hey - a long time ago, made a twitter for you. So, now you have two. LOL
okay come and get it!
Got told my ego was showing,so I zipped up my fly.
You're welcome, my pleasure! I could really relate to your gym class tale, even though we never had square dancing, thankfully!
HOME ALONE BORED....
When ur stressed today think of who has the most stressful job in the US & yet handles each new challenge with such poise.
If Niall had a tattoo I would know cause he loves me down every night.
lol. Nah just seeing some folks feeling themselves a bit. I think its funny.
Yash is really making the most of his stay at DHS
That feeling you get when you get a text from someone you've been wanting to talk to for a while <3
I can't wait to travel the world with and our little one:)
And let the wildness begin!!!
#tnnpbrtuesday is my favorite
Hey guys! Share this page with your friends and spread the word about We Are Defiance!
That's just the predictions, of course, I guess we'll have to wait and see!
I been going to sleep hella early lately
"Confidence is the memory of success" Good luck today!!!
it's all good! Thanks for helping out with such a great event!
Happy Birthday Brit!
30 Young Cancer Warriors (Version #4)
too bad your over seas lol
Capt. Michael J. Parker, LA Co. Sheriff's is speaking,
I know I know. :D
RT : I did a Google search for #GoldenShower and I found
. Brad Hacker is a geoGod.
Just turned in my California license at the NY DMV office. 😔 Kind of bittersweet...
#upp still blown
Brazilian / World - bocadorio.com at Coda Club San Francisco tonight Fri, October 22
shooting a spec commercial for King Kong the ride on Sunday...
Your son's teeth do not want to let go of childhood!
True Fact: Klingon foreheads are designed after dinosaur vertebrae.
Am i really at school ...
Everyone have their Easter eggs colored for tomorrow??
Another app idea - an app that starts your coffee maker when your iPhone alarm goes off
Some films may be brilliant to myself, but might be terrible to others.
This ones for you & Me. Living out our dreams..
i'd love to rock panama some day!
#IamAStanBecause eminem makes love songs about hip-hop
- yea man! That's already positive thinking. Keep that in ur mind and u'll see how the universe repays you.
BE MINE, Bitches!!! Love yous!
got an iPad for Christmas. Had NO idea what I was going without...Shame on me!
Spotify, I used to love you. But now j hate you and I will never pay you dollars ever again.
“: Most success comes from experimenting then learning from the failures.”
: Is singing an Aria part of the interview with channel's #CuriosityProject?? :D
We love you for your spirit and for the strength & power of the Egyptian people!!!
interesting that the RGA ads hitting Dalton running in Greenville media market, GOP trying to separate Eastern NC Dems from Dalton
I'm seriously thinking of becoming a monk - I have all the right qualifications - bald head, brown bathrobe & haven't had a BJ in 12 months
I can't really say how i feel about the beer because i'm not a beer snob. it taste good to me
Merry Christmas from the FIU men's soccer program !
It is a new restaurant on the block, The Pinch, 3548 14th Street, give this new place a shot
your kisses still linger, and your whispers softly echo
Said in Amy Poehler's voice, "REALLY??" via Conservative Think Tank Study Finds Teachers Are 'Overpaid'
The saying goes, "The only constant is change." Sometimes, I really wish I could change that.
RT RT : If you're going to be original, be prepared to be copied powerful
RT : "I've got the worst fucking attorneys." - The Georges Bluth & Zimmerman
Sometimes tweeting feels like screaming at the top of my lungs in the middle of a football stadium full of other shouting people.
If seeing is believing I'm going blind.
it's cool to pre-game before happy hour right?
Guns & Roses, Beastie Boys, and Red Hot Chili Peppers being inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame - Hell, yeah!! Damn, I feel old.
A friend just got a cortisone shot that helped her immensely during allergy season. Florida is brutal this time of year too.
I love bad movies but that film made Attack of the Giant Leeches look like high cinematic art.
welcome new followers. we're a rock band in Rochester, NY. next show is Johnny's Irish Pub August 20, join us won't you
Why why why am I crying?!?! None of these kids are mine nor am I related!! It's #obviously roommate love.
hey be careful, the streets are slippery when wet.
A2 - question/request for brand: make sure lines of authority clearly drawn
at the library with some books on Purgatory and the danse macabre for some light summer reading
Hmm... I see "Octopus" eyes in my Horizon App Manager. I wonder if I have access to it now...
My weekend: drove in sideways rain to Rapid City and back, rated a golf course in pouring rain, and woke up to four inches of snow. Yowz.
Salinas Valley Memorial narrows affiliation list to two
's Catchphrase clue: A natural disaster that occurs often in California. : Hurricanes! Me: ...earthquakes...ha
Bet that makes ur hubby feel REALLY special
KMT got like 7 tracks lined up for us... we wanna get at least 12 strong songs together. Bring It!!
thanks so much! So glad you found it useful.
How was this morning with Keoni H? Are you hurting??
is bout to choke me while picking out these songs 4 upcoming shows We are TOO picky (no pun intended)-BH
Pack, do laundry, study, or nap? Haha. Yeah right, like that's an actual dilemma.
RT : "New Mexico is the most completely beautiful place I have ever seen"- Ansel Adams
Internet memes: Hilarious viral bits of internet culture, or obnoxious inside jokes for losers? Discuss. (Also, link to your favorite ones!)
We are going to Breckenridge!
Valid RT : Your first mistake is reading the HuffPo.
I will not rest until I ride for Nike 6.0 and Fiend Bmx, my two favorite brands.
I was calling you Mr. Jones. Missed the comma.
LSU or Alabama?
enough sorrow to keep you human enough hope to make you happy. (2/2)
hey man this is so awesome add the stringers that request you as a friend you never know?
Students! UL wants to meet you! Stop by on Aug 24th or 25th, between 10am and 6pm, on the 2nd floor for games, prizes, and popcorn.
Done! I'll try to work some of ur info into our social media posts to help support your efforts. Thx for your great work!
Very solid rebounding by the bigs so far!
no nyc this time, but next!
Walking around Philly Old City. Hot, people out, streets loud.
where is that from?
Thanks to everybody who made the NewBee fest 1 so huge.. More coming soon:)
So down for a field trip to Brooklyn! Also, is this where you are right now?
Lovin it! RT : Modern family time!
FREAKY FRIDAY!!!!
. What about combining the 2? Good idea? Examples of apps that use standard UI and also innovate?
#damndjs coming back hard????
'member when you had your teeth out overseas & you were in so much pain? do not want to do this:) when's your spring break?
And after watching the interaction between dems and the GOP while the new congress got sworn in, I'm convinced they're all the same party.
It takes alot of courage to love someone after someone else breaks ur heart, so if a woman loves u appreciate 'em !!
I needed u at work today! Super busy u know were the best at drive thru:)
My fellow Texan! I saw you tonight in Blue Like Jazz here in DC. Well done. Good to meet you!
Did i mention the make-up class is free?....
your twitcon is adorable, I like your shirt (:
yes, today is a BIG day for us! You r welcome to stop by for dinner :)
The cops? Really? What the hell is wrong with you.
if I see one more status about grades, I'm gonna shriek.
Lol U tryna say I'm fat??!!
why did you stop following me:(
For those of you that follow Altuawn1 Youtube channel, I'll be coming back.
I have a habit of usually not watching a show until long after it's gone. It's really good and it is streaming on
I love you Grandpa, please stay strong and pull through for us <3
Great pic of you in Bisnow!
Like always my sacrifices are being taken for granted
love you too happy Mothers day ((:
Expansion of the universe is accelerating now rather than slowing down, we live in the most probable of all worlds. StephenHawking
PEOPLE! Stop bitchin about the problems IN your life U R the only problem! U must like ur life or you'd
buit more funny
want to hear podcasts of Charlotte NC Chamber Events www.charlottechamber.com/getsocial
Haveing so much fun
I know better than try to imitate Erin. I'm nowhere near as adorable--she had the market covered!
Sunday are so different now.
My university mascot is a dragon. That is more than slightly badass. #drexel ()
Lax on tweets lately .. Last Night I sang along to Michael Buble, Bing Crosby and Ella Fitzgerald on the way home from
Just talked to my grandmother and I feel so good. Like I felt my heart getting warm good.
Thx for the funny presentation! at
u got something to say to me dm me. U run ur mouth for attention u will get the attention.
happiness is life!
: PROVE IT!
i had burger king & jack in the box today :D
get better! :)
Not likely. Ugh.
you don't know shit! Wat is it?
gotcha. Good luck in Can!
Future always tryin sing n shit on his track he the hood version of drake 😂😭😂😭
I've heard doodling helps with allergies ;)
yes. I saw it on the news. Sad day.
any luck grabbing the flight ones? I have been on NT all day only to get my face broken when I hit the eBay line
Looking forward to our lunch speaker from the Palmetto State
Just had an idea. We should totally start working out together...
thanks for all the support dudes!!! \m/
I have no clue where that is..? IL?
UPS just made a wine delivery :)
that's the best picture ever. Love it.
Attitude Babe...attitude. HA! lay it on him
Sorry I was busy tweeting at athletes for free SB46 tickets. They owe me! RT Nice! You are back!
Anyone else think that post last night's Mad Men that there will soon be a hair cut known as "the Megan"?
": what's your favorite #90s song? I'm gonna mix up some 90's with todays when I start DJing :)" Faded by Soul Decision
I've been slacking on the Music meeting notes, so look out here they come...
What place should I vote for in Austin poll?! I don't know:/
Finally done with Junior year! Now onto summer
which campus did you attend?
When he texts you back you get that feeling...
Maybe Natalie got detained?
": Do more than exist , Live"
Captain Planet where are u!!!
“: LOL Really a Standing O for that ? Sorry Joshua! #Idol”yes 4 that
me too
Fucking "Gomiso" how does it work?.
White Chicks <3
use of waffles in savory dishes always impresses me. They aren't just for breakfast folks.
Wow. I didn't realize that. You started in storage my freshman year in college. I hope that makes you feel young again :)
Well. At least I'm consistent with my outdated jargon.
Friendly suggestion #autismspeaks walk next year at Rosebowl should have shuttle options from Goldline.
Gaining knowledge and life experience is the best (and only good?) part of aging.
It's not breakfast food now that I am no longer in college, and I would have to make them. Which is way too much work right now.
very hard for me :(
Hey Portland, whaddaya say we all go up to Seattle tonight and trash the place!! Whose with me?
Enjoying meeting a new crop of students in classes today!
Signing a new client in Brunswick, Ga. today...another nonprofit looking for Strategic Fundraising Solutions. Please let me know how I can…
Just realized looking at old pics that the last time I had seen live was May 5, 2009 in Cologne, Germany! It was about time!
“Children are like wet cement. Whatever falls on them makes an impression.” -Dr. Haim Ginott
decided for it, but est time to hotel is one hour. the e-2 bus is $2 if u want to shlep your bag
be easy! Beasy
Bo Ryan about to join to talk Jarrod Uthoff and transfers.
Covance Announces Executive Appointments - MarketWatch (press release)
looks like we are off to a great start!
The company that made agent orange is also the world’s largest provider of genetically engineered crop seeds.
depends on what type of trip/honeymoon. I live in FL and can give you suggestions on both.
If you put $100 on 2010 Recruiting Day on "Brad Bars excelling in 4th quarter of 2012 Blue-White game" pick up your $100.50 now.
Yep, worst call so far!
had a great night with my boy <3
send me a picture
daww our babies :')
at the end of the day isn't all just about love?
Disappear ceaselessly in my heart. ~ Gabrielle Bossis
o ok, prolly not
“ : Headed back to pittsburgh....would be shocked if i wasnt in a dallas uniform nxt year! The draft is april 28th”
#NBC killed the video... #typical #censorship of the #truth lulz... #RonPaul 2012! :)
Get a cannon ready...
well most days its purdont for them
Tami is really Evil, she needs prayers. And Suzie is annoying the crap out of me right now. She's so stupid!
This day is done - make that week! Off to -in need of new things for the new apt!
Word to your motha! Let's check out next week?
Drifting in this weather with
Too kind! Thanks.
Did you see the second picture in the link I posted? You can make out the word Tales pretty good.
Sounds like a perfect combo. RT : Movies and tonight? Perhaps.
i swear i just realized it now, Saw ur icon n boom! wow!
happy birthday girl big titiy nation
so i met big time rush one year ago today<3
The things I'd do to you..
7:30 am in abu dhabi. going to find breakfast. going to dubai at some point today. no idea how we are getting there yet.
Sick as fuck.
First day at Toyota!
Prosecutor says owners of pit bulls are flight risk to Mexico, wants bail set at $900K. Their atty says suspects are remorseful
Yeah - but he only did it after a 14 year affair with a woman he killed after 3 years of marriage. And his only son died early.
You know refs would've given Miami the ball RT ": THAT WAS OFF MIAMI. LEAVE IT ALONE HILL!!! FUCK!!!!!!"
Jalen Rose sounding real dumb right now. If a player is a scrub they just a scrub..sometimes the truth hurts but I rather hear the truth
Shh text me soon!
mikes like let's start at the 20 yd line
I was on my way to work yesterday & this girl pulled out of McDonalds & just smashed into me! So it was all her fault! But stil!
Excellent advice from at #wommu: Start every meeting with a customer story!
My Dad told me that he's the leader if the beautiful people. I love it!
Yeah!!!!! I am so happy!!! That is exactly what I #love to hear!!! thanks you for this opportunity!
Lauren Merkin, you have a tragic last name. but i love your clutches.
Shout me out?:D I want 900 followers for my birthday next Saturday ._.
Levon Helm RIP - he was a brilliant musician.
": #FailedExposure “: " never have I ever sucked a d*ck *”"u go learn today u go learn how to succ a dicc today
Q4 : WHATIF #NJ law-abiding drivers get HIT by law-breaking drivers (VBG95K) & DIE B4 they can file citizens court complaint?
As I get older, I realize that most of the teachers I've had have no business teaching.
Thanks for the great time at Espaza's last night #LMA12! Great way to kick off the week. is excited for the rest of the event.
There is nothing more honest than music- you can't hide who you are with her- can never deceive- only believe. It is who you are.
Just figured out how to make two cupcakes at a time in the toaster oven. This could be dangerous.
Spring is in the air! Come and see what changes are around the corner...
how stable is Tippett's contract status, hearing rumors of him to WAS to replace Hunter.
Gonna take a nap.
membership to Spa envy!
Ashley :D
People who #twatch >>>>
Umbrella in my hair hanging with me gals
Thank you for my BOMB nails!!!!
pea size hail @ the new haven fort Wayne line.
": "From now on, I'm eating healthy" *five minutes later* Lol jk. I'll start tomorrow."lol thats us;)<3
that is so fucking creepy.
Last chance for burgers until Wednesday! Come in and grab something for a late lunch/early dinner, open until 5!
#Beliebers help trend Kenny & Hamsters for Kenny's sake!! =D Show him we love him!! =D
Hi DukeCityDish! Thanks for following your friendly neighborhood Satellite Man!
School peoject: Strawberries.
Community Garden meeting this Wednesday, 5:30 pm in the Bartram Barn - All are welcome to grow with us!
And I from you :)
Jaleha Was Here Hacking The Tweeter ^_^
In search of adult orphans who were abandoned and never adopted but found success in life, family, and professionally for book I am writing.
Make sure their is no Cocaine in ashtray from back in the day!
Visiting kids with cancer and bringing toys.
Thanks for the follow.. please spread the word to help me reach my goal of 1000.. Thanks MissAlexisTodd follow me!!
Who powers (and Wells Fargo, Suntrust, etc.) BillPay service? Because they all seem to be down for 2 days running. What gives?
Tonight's show features Joe Tatton from , Josh from , and Eric & James from !!! No Cover! 10PM
Thanks for the return follow. It was brought to you by my bro
Another power outage @ work. What are the chances Word autosaved my document?
same:) so you're a senior I'm guessing?
you don't CHOOSE to.
its over 900 billion galaxies and they say there's not a god ? man is so blind women are so deaf
Was good to see again
Thx for your tweets! The winning essay will be published in the May issue of on newsstands 4/10/12. Keep writing!
Not that this is any better, but the "transvaginal" provision was removed.
National media is getting down on Joe Cool, hows about we Baltimorons blow up Twitter with some love for Joe Flacco!!!!
new avi...just another reason why it's great to be a cat fan. WOW!
if you're going to address , I'd advise you to use correct spelling...your argument needs all the help it can get..
Well new day today hope my wishes come true <3 :) Can't wait to spend my special day with the ones i love ! :)
I prefer the fudge like consistency.
Excited to see come to Denver and learn from PM. Welcome to Denver Brock
I left the studio with 8 songs out of 10 mixed! I go back in on Thursday and Friday to FINISH! Can't wait! Have a good weekend everyone!
thanks for the mention!
What just happened??? #ku won right???
My mom is the best person in my life. I can't even show how much I love her... I may not be the perfect kid, but I really care...
I cnt stop thinking about the #BoyfriendVideo ;))
I think I'm going to just go watch the Dictator for my birthday on Monday.
Three thousand years of beautiful tradition, from Moses to Sandy Koufax.
European musicians >>>
one of the best of the year so far.
"The same as I love you, you'll always love me too. This love isn't good unless it's me and you." ::tegan and sara::i know, i know, i know::
#zeustek your affordable outsourcing partner. contact for more details..
she likes gay porn....(;
Woke up, can't fall back asleep, just like yesterday! :-(
The goats I played with at the zoo on Saturday are much more intelligent than some of the folks I've had to deal with this morning.
"No team has ever come back to win a series after being down 3-0." Poor #Mavs. Let's just not let this be a total sweep, k? :(
I'm a total 2008 kick right now with music. The Wombats "Let's Dance to Joy Division" was such a cool song.
Lmao my family to funny
bitch stop hating on me for being a boy. If I was only here for girls or followers, it would be obvious. So just shut the fuck up.
#RIPMCA My thoughts are with his family and friends.
marketing, promo, train interns
Cook, Steak, Knife
#GoodThingsInTheWorld Jordan shoes.
Hoping the new week brings sunny skies and happy days
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Moved my car from one parking spot to another just to go out side... So nice outside.
we are all at champions watching the KU game!!!!
I was at the white bitch crib you never came #ashly we kno you stunter fake
You should make a Safe Spot Skate Spot in NJ :)
I'm a little late to the dance on this, but Delta State got a great coach today in Wishing you well, Coach! Go Statesmen!
if you were here in Colorado I got you.
Everyone is in NYC tonight. Love.
Hello! Please follow and we will follow back. Thank you all for sharing your expertise!
My mom keeps trying to get me into religion...
Sarah Vowell & Shalom Auslander at the Burns Film Çenter: hilarious, brilliant, as loosey goosey as Elliott Gould in Long Goodbye
allota artists could learn from you man
genocide project with my love <3
Did you unpin/remove #art of yours that was on #Pinterest? Did you add "no pin" code to your website to prevent pinning?
Happy bday to my future Baby mama and divorced wife she always playing with my emotions
My song "Shawn K Dope" is probably one of my top 3 best songs. Lyrics and flow were are point and the voice was found haha
2011.06.15 #Brewers 9 #Cubs 5 | Crew offense comes back / first Wrigley win of the trip / order is restored
- conveniently forgot to mention the DEMOCRAT controlled legislature FAILED to appropriate the money in the budget...
insert foot in mouth...yeah I am sure that is the body part you meant.
According to CEIR, The number of trade show attendees jumped 3.7% in the third quarter of 2011, according to the index.
CU press conf: Colo State Patrol on HWY 36 watching for people coming to Boulder for #CU420 under influence of alcohol, drugs.
I love
I just became weirdly excited because D3: The Mighty Ducks is on tv. I'm like a preteen boy. From 1996. Emiliooooo.
is the sexiest lil thing ive ever laid eyes on EVER ;D
Just a question, why do you always expect the worse of things?
Lets go austin! RT: Last chance for 2 free tickets 2 & at 10/23! Just follow + retweet this!
Ill buy them off you for $20 .. #Sketchers Quick get Rich Scheme lol
Next year to 0? “: NYT "will be moving the pay gate to 10 free articles a month from 20, beginning in April," publisher...”
Man, it's cool. I hope you have a better sleep than I do.
U2?! :) FB is doing something right...
Fuck I really want those shoes, but nobody still has them. >_<
We are currently experiencing site stability issues. We are working to resolve them as soon as possible.
Upside- Amanda Knox is free. Downside- I don't get to tweet my disparaging Italian court jokes.
So where did all of these Pacer fans come from LOL?
fail today! Flight attendants spraying air freshener, REALLY?!?!
Neon Hitch <3
u too xx
Remember one year ago when we didn't know each other at all? Now I buy stock in straight jacket companies.
When Was The First Time We Talked And What Was Our Convo About? ;o I might remember
OMG!! Its coold outside! Time to get the boots, jeans and fur jacket out then put them back up tomorrow, that's miami weather
So happy to spend the day with my Girly Ashley Gertz ! 🍻
I often wonder... What else IS in the teaches of Peaches? Huh? What??
Pool time!
I feel like I haven't been to school in weeks, fuck that place real shit.
Only I would be cooling down in the gym lobby to NKOTB on my ipod.
no damn sense lmao
Getting news from cable shows is like eating a diet of only donuts. Its fun, but every now and then eat healthy, make up your own mind
First tweet from my new phone the iPhone 4s !!!!!!!:)
Thanks, ! Great topic, great ideas, great moderator!
This is the last place where I want to be... Thanks for reminding me why I HATE Christmas, I almost started liking it for a minute.
You are such a clever lady. If I could invent splendid ways to win arguments like that ... nobody should disagree.
Alyson Hannigan and Kristen Wiig guest star on tonights episode of The Simpsons at 5 where Moe's becomes a new town hang out
Omg omg 10.more.minutes
should come over c:
Well its Friday! So you know what that means.... More
RT Im setting a new exercise/diet goal for myself. Lets hope it actually works this time!
no twitter I'm not bout to follow Willie from Day 26.
Looking for #Engineers with strong #IPTV experience for #jobs in Silicon Valley and Dallas.
Nothing like checking the mail and finding a $500 check you weren't expecting.
I don't fuckin smoke if they askin
hey can u make me a admin plz well u dont gotta im just asking if i can be a admin or something
Gim! :-D With a hard g, like Barefoot Gen?
which of the two would you trade, melo or amare? I'd trade melo.
I sit 4th too! HA
#Menopause increases risk of gum disease, bone loss. Cleveland Clinic J of Med, Aug 2009. Control the risk w/ CloSYS. www.closys.com
Yes, me to ;) RT : Looking forward to a little time tomorrow!
That's how I do it. RT : avoiding direct eye contact then exiting the room without their back is flirting right?
Have client who needs designers who know ins and outs of Editable PDFs with Variable Data. If it's you DM me for more info.
.. talk about crazy
Twitter is the new homework, apparently. Gotta love journalism school.
"The fight for equity is not going to happen if we don't have an engaged citizen." -Francisco Guajardo
My husband says: Get 'er done. He likes to talk like we still live in Mississippi.
It was on Still not a fan of her life decisions.
Finally getting that blog post up I've been procrastinating on....Tomorrow! Up by 9:00am, promise.
QUICK, HIDE THE COPS! THE DONUTS ARE BEHIND US!
hey u wassup!
