On the Amtrak train from MKE to CHI for the first leg of travel to #2012MAC. Wish i could use train travel more but the US network sucks.
This snuggle bear on the laundry detergent commercial might the just the creepiest thing I've even seen. 🐻😱
simply not true. We have done that and will again.
I really need somebody to wash my truck for me please I will pay you.
Likewise! Looking forward to the next time we hang out, when we discover 12 more things we have in common in our pasts.
“: Cato can get it ”haha turning up the heat w that beauty in HG
There is Power in the Press
I think I am in love with that boy band.. Big Time Rush. My 6 year old likes them too..
Looking for a good time? Join Karaoke MVP tonight for karaoke and spoken word at iLounge at 8PM. 1287 D Glenwood Ave, Atlanta. See you there
I take back what I said. Go to as many Cubs/Cards game...please?!! :)
On epic roadtrip back to Texas from Vermont. First stop NYC, now DC. Then Nashvegas. LOVES IT.
It seems our page sent out a posting with a virus. It was not posted by SUPERDRAFT. Please do not open it and delete immediately.
Don't worry your pretty little mind, people throw rocks at things that shine. <3
Just Announced: Van Halen returns to on August 12! Tix on sale Friday, May 4 at 10am!
I slept through it, but a couple of my friends got up and scored 1 each! Saw a preview last night. I might have to buy one now
Maybe you should do it if they raise over $2000. Everyone that agrees retweet!
im not done!
That was a touching story about and his daughter. Can relate. Reunited with my sister in 2009.
Love having "me" time :)
no hes in cuba.
Gnite every1. Leave me somethin nice to wake up to.
Amazing. Was that almost some #spartan love?
Thanks for the mention! Hope you'll join our mailing list and consider submitting something when we launch the site soon.
#SaySomethin is my NEW FAVORITE SONG!!!!! :D it an AMAZING!!!
Today I learned just how much I needed Monday off followed by a week of travel away from the office! I'll take it!
1) This is not a wet t-shirt contest! Although I kind if wish it was.
THE BEST COOKIE EVER
Loves arriving in everyone else's life except mine!!! :/ fuuuuck
BLEEP BLAP BLOOP (logan henderson's voice)
we want you to watch us get down
I'm having mixed feelings about my new tattoo on Thursday. It's gonna hurt
Time to make this food for this BBQ tomorrow.
you can have it, yur the first responder.
i just turned my phone on from charging. All i have to say is 100 tweets from you and counting. Really?
"Wait, so refills cost as much as the first one?"
you could charge a good price for that service!
no problem
No doubt. The other day was speaking to and referred to you as the MacGyver of gadgets - a one stop shop for everything
Now that Scotty changed his username there's no blue checkmark next to it...peoples are gonna get confused...
my analysis is much the same; a good desktop board gets you forward compatibility, Sandy Hexa is where it's at.
when is prom?
Does anyone else feel like Brevik bought "The idiots guide to saying crazy shit at a trial". Its nonstop. Maybe someone is writing for him.
listening to circa survive :D
Hmu on Facebook & follow me on Twitter (;
Repairs grind on. Looks like another week before The Night Kitchen can open again.
Watching The Notebook?
Can not just wear pants over his head, everything else is possible!
I just love Indian movies! Watching Dabangg with friends. So epic!
Zap my own car right now. I just want to go home. 🚗
The Gymanimals love Disney ! And we know Disney Interactive Studios Love The Gymanimals! Yaaay! :-)
Hello need everyone to vote for my shwo on oprahs search for next big tv star to www.oprah.com own show browse vote put in Dawn Reese Show
My christmas miracle happened my neice said she liked
Acronym's are more important than names today. Good headline too.
#rockstarteacher had his electric pencil sharpener specially-made. It goes all the way up to 11.
Thanks for the mention!
Good Gracious! I thought that WAS the Pillsbury Doughboy. What the heck is Stay Puft dude?
thanks, that's some great #ba75 company to be part of! Hope your week is good!
Really Jordan hill?
15% OFF Tomahawk Bar and Grill.. Only w/ a
but on the real, get a dream catcher to dangle from your rearview. Bitches love dream catchers.
you wont regret it! It will just make your b-day that much better :)
So i've heard!! I really need to.
If I looked like actor Chris Meloni, I wouldn't be afraid of nudity either.
Amen sister! me too!
peeling tha peach
Posting "420 Tomorrow♥" doesn't make you cool. - just tossin that out there.
Today, fans wwe I wanted to tell the sad news wwe diva Maryse fired,
#DidChuKno that when you freeze water and after it de-frosts, it produces more water than before
Haha im just clever like that ;)
My parents version of an ice cream sandwich is actual bread with ice cream.
Which, by the way, I did horribly on. even though I spent a month studying for it.
follow back :-) Cant wait until the event in Miami. So glad I get to participate! ~ Natalie (Pure Romance)
Thanks Rob. Look forward to seeing you at West Coast Casualty's Construction Defect Seminar in May!
Tomorrow need to get here today been wack
"I get dough like " -PriNce
getting wild crazy and outta control! Lol you?
Delia's sends me a catalog just about every other day! Strategy: bombard until a purchase is made!
#liesbeforesex It's ok because your are my girlfriend now
I don't wanna see you hurt.
Nice to see Anthony Davis still doing his best Joe Flacco impersonation.
#EvenIfYouPaidMeIWont give you your money back. Unless I have not done any work. I get half upfront for freelance work and is non-refundable
Solo Dolo today bkuz ppl steady changing ALL the plans.
i feel bad for morgan.. her phone is exploding right now..
Pink Champagne In The Purple Rain.Lemme See Ya PYHU.Can we get back to the way it was when we were on Honeymoon Ave?Tattooed Heart.<3
After 5 months, my green space proposal package is in route to the building's management. Rooftop parties this summer!
confirms Gingrich suspending campaign Tuesday
I create my own search Edward Maya
lets chill soon broski
When G gets home I'm being in a picture for her work friend, other than that nothing! Lets go somewhere
First Day of Spring! Happy-happy, all.
Has anybody but me noticed that Instagram kinda bites? Please stop using it, so that I will actually be able to see your pictures.
Goin to see my lil babe!
Doing anything is the same as doing nothing, if your #heart and #mind aren't in agreement with your
bring home a #mubb victory!
whats goes around comes around and i dont wanna come down
you NEVER had me. So dead dat bullshit.
Hey Had A Great Day How About Your???:)!$
So Funny.
It's refreshing to have a real intellectual conversation with someone.
Wonderful! “: McNamer, This year’s #NBA11 in Fiction goes to Jesmyn Ward, Salvage the Bones⁰(Bloomsbury USA)”
thank you so much. can you DM me you contact number? NBCLA newsroom has the incorrect number.
Currently using twitter on the safari app because the twitter app sucka
Mother's Day wine label designs: www.giftedvine.com
healthydeals offering a medical pedicure for $45
Thanks! How are you? Will you come and work with us soon?
No Fans On Train. Yahoo.
Not nearly as good as Ptown
Fear does not have any special power unless you empower it by submitting to it. ~Les Brown
Live out of your imagination, not your history. - Stephen Covey
All alone, in a world full of darkness, where no one cares about you or your life. If you were to die, no one would even notice</3
please follow please I'll do the doggie and call all my friends
Thanks to all that came out tonight, and to and Cast of Exiles for sharing the bill with us. We had a blast!
Mike Hess from PopEater.com on the way..
So, let me in. I can't get to you.
I do!
Los Angeles Lakers VS. Chicago Bulls! Go Lakers!
the sports eye exposed the scammers Vegas Killer and now they block me. I guess the truth hurts.....Total scammers forsure!
Happy Tuesday everybody! 1/24 we're going to be at 210 Westwood Place from 11-1:30 Come on by! We'd love to see you!
I'm sick of motherfuckers trying to tell me that they're down with Prince.
Movie about Haiti 'YEAR ZERO' by Carlos Cazalis & David Snider tonight at the Bubble Lounge 7PM Proceeds to NGO J'Aime Haiti.
your tweets are AMAZING<3. I'm a Mahomie too(:
As soon as the new episode is over, i'm going to SLEEP. much needed.
Insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.
TBW Executive Pleads Guilty to Criminal Charges
well if you answer yo phone i can come get you sis lol
Desperately trying to avoid my work party Sat evening for 4 hours
Seriously about to jump in someone's pool. So hot.
Check out our blog tomorrow for a recap on all things ad/celeb/#SB45 www.celebrityaquisition.com
im going to adtech! which day will you be there?
Going to eating one delicium pizza with my family
The skins defense needs to be reviewed as well.
#Tornado season reminders: Make sure u have adequate insurance coverage. Have a safety plan & know where to go in event of a tornado. Plz.
If randomly selected, your song will play on State St. on Valentine's Day + you'll win a package from and
My good friend & Murfreesboro Vice Mayor lost his 24 yr seat as councilman last nite by just several votes. A Voracios effort Chris Bratcher
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer   24
I can't trust anyone.
Ugh...just ugh...hate when that happens.
Goal #FIU Colby Burdette! He scored off a rebound from the keeper after a Lucas Di Croce shot tied 2-2 with 40 minutes remaining.
why don't you take a mini hockey stick (bc I KNOW you must have one) & attach a hook to it.
man I love my granny
Sorry you feel that way OOMF . I've Always been there for you, its just that only his words mattered to you .
You're stuck at work; you are forgiven.
Rehearsal for local indie film tonight. I love when everyone brings their A-game even when it's only a rehearsal. Makes me respect it more.
Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?
whoops- it came from ! Love to get involved :)
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
The new bi-weekly payday is tomorry. Now I can see Los Avengers this weekend. Good news for me... for my fellow employees, not so much.
Blah need bookcases for Jules nursery. I would like 2 sling bookshelves. Mostly for board books. Where are you SGF sellers?
And with that, I'm down to 15 emails in the inbox. I think that's a good stopping point.
It takes a long time to grow an old friend. -John Leonard
there's a 5 guys in Edina. Why go all the way to St Cloud??
Omg I'm hungry now!
Did I buy a Christmas/thank you gift today? Yes. President of the
Gosh, why are you so beautiful? (:
chain chain chain
thank you so much for the piece. Can I convince you to do your own project?!
watching O's vs Nationals, 9th inning 12-3 O's !
#3WordsForYou music is life
I think I fall in love with One Direction a little more everyday…
not so peaceful when the storm starts ripping branches off trees :x
Good night everyone!!!!
Little girl in the airport to me "Aaron Rodgers is gonna be my husband." Zero hesitation in her voice.
Is it me or has the music business been destroyed from the inside out
The Quiet Things That No One Ever Knows
I want some candy
like Al Qaeda?
Workin hard... I'm trying to get my film made... It's a full time gig. How is life for you?
RT " Dear Websites that automatically play loud videos, thanks for trying to get me fired!" ...Exactly!!!
Pay attention to the #signs that #God is giving to the #world. He is about to send a season of #correction our way. The #church is first
WHATS THE BEST MOMMENT THAT YOUVE DONE TOGETHER W/ THE CONTESTANTS
Using Harold and Kumar go to White Castle as an example in Lib class today.....for research, I promise.
I don't have any photos of NYE. Sorry.
First team stopped by! They were faster than expected. Mixer may be beginning more like 2:30 based on their speed.
I got an B on my kinesiolgy exam!! Whoot whoot 😜
Last day of working with today. Good luck on your new career!!
Well, the duck tongue was very spicy, peppery, not meaty but very chewy like undercooked squid or octopus. Lots of exotic food!
RT Love them Sure Djoker qualifier tough as Milos. Right. I think I love Cone tweeting just as much as I love Fed FBing.
S/o to for making a twitter(: everyone go follow her!! love you courtt<3
Jae-Wan Live Viper Room, March 28th. Live in Tucson comming in April...
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them? ~ Abraham Lincoln
Our lunchtime events have been very popular. We do have others later in the day, such as the POV doc "The Learning" at 5:30 Wed.
. your "new" priority line for terminal 5 at LAX = FAIL. Come on, it's really not this hard.
Check out my new Timeline brand page - Facebook keeps changing on me, but this is awesome!!
Tired of texting
I am going to go soak in a hot tub full of aromatherapy stuff & (try to) make myself beautiful. ;-) G'night tweeple!
I've never slapped a hoe but I think I'm bout to and its gonna be you missy 😡
lost deal today, need more in the funnel. old rule, don't count ur money til its closed :(
The People who told you to "Say it with Flowers" Are selling bouquets on the strength of a Phrase.
Oh yeah, Griffith had a whole chapter. Propoganda films aren't always terrible Ex: Eisenstein's Battleship Potemkin.
She and her agent were publicly dissing a negative review on Twitter, planning to vote up reviews to hide it.
aw i love you too! i cant wait to go to another show with you !
Goal for tomorrow: write rough draft of paper about an intro to the profession of academic reference librarianship.
Can't wait to see it fam.. track is fire my dude. F'real..
How much eligibility do you have left?
Hazelnut Choc! ☞ : Congrats to ! Your Mexican chocolate donut was great & the Nutella one was out of this world!
u already
okay thanks
Just got my #orioles #openingday tickets! The only fun day of Baltimore baseball.
#Bills had impressive third down stop. Nullified by stupid penalty. :-/
I meant tomorrow night, 7/7/11. Must be anxious ;)
“: #DearGirls, If he doesn't treat you like a princess, then he doesn't deserve to be your prince.”
Im loving my skyrim, and i cant wait for my new Video Card so i can pump it up a lil
Remedy your deficiencies,and your merits will take care of themselves. Edward Bulwer-Lytton
Guess you just know huh? Hahaha
Lol, It popped up on my TL first but okay will do
"Loving Christ includes loving people." ~ L.L.
it came in okay! And I rocked it
*full* yawn
I'd go with Brandon Jacobs
Hey I wanna be one of the admins of your page so bad!
hey, I signed up for a contest with for a chance 2 B their official #TwitterJock 4 #SummerJamz15. #Vote4Me ?
I hope I have a front row seat and popcorn when karma calls.
follow me babe :)
In this episode, Larry's dad didn't tell him his mom passed away. Didn't want to bother you. (maybe his dad died. same same)
I never liked hurt locker I thought he was annoying in the town & not funny in ghost protocol....
Follow My Heart? ? ?
thanks for rt :)
don't get me wrong, I can drive a girl batty (hence the break), but, as a mom I've grown the patience needed-
Bowling won 2-3 games. :) #winning Heather is better though!
Did you get the new iPad 3? Have an iPad 2, the iPad or just a general interest? Come to Intro to iPad Monday, April 2nd at the FFL at 3pm
sleesburg was sleazy as always. how's eastern europe? Dont get "taken"
just trying to fuck with the Mayans' schedule.
Thanks for sharing this one! We are always on the lookout for apps to shout out about...
when is every little thing coming out?
haha i feel you
And it's #RiskyBusiness Friday at our place 2nite #JustSayin RT TGIF! TGI....can finally say that! :) Happy Friday y'all!
Kindle vs Nook
Sometimes I wonder if life is a dream .
Kim Kardashian's Vagina has been used more times then !
Just a little. I'll ask how it works over there and shoot you a personal message. Sound good?
people in NYC, MD, and Jersey felt it too. weird.
i can ask him if you want
We welcome all hip hop artists!
Thanks for listening in for the #AMASocialVolt webcast today. Hope you got some value from it :)
I thought my PS3 was tripin. I ain't been able to log in since last night
You're ignoring me?
u can hear Bob from the concourse on radio down by the field
are you in the mix? follow us on facebook.com
What an asshole.
Eagerly anticipating panel "The Speed of Thought"w Reza Aslam, Daniel Kahneman, David Bellos. Questions? How speedy is thought?
RT : New @ DB.com, Apr 17 Gratitude Watch, posts by , , & more. If you enjoy, please RT!
RT : UGA says they're a go for #thatcamp SE this spring. [Excellent! Yet another reason to go hang out in Athens!]
when's the album available??? iTunes??
and/or supporting/submitting to open access journals, which will need support at various levels.
don't be sorry!! I'm sorry it took so long to respond! Primer for the face feels like lotion but there are no moisturizing
Their bullets r like the good brand and my r like walmart or better yet toys r us.
he is still trending
Tonight's collegehoops slate features 3 matchups of ranked teams, none bigger than the first of 2 meetings this season between Duke and NC!
Enjoy! Let us know what you think!
We run this night
Thanks! But if I'm the most famous musician you know, er... I'm sorry?
Feeling super masculine today.
The Amana Colonies were a very interesting social experiment.
Anyone have bail to get out of Twitter jail?
I am so new to twitter. I have no idea what I'm doing but I signed up to follow iZigg, and now found current friends from FB as well.
"The two most important days in your life are the day you were born and the day you find out why" - Twain -- Dwayne Johnson ()
Is it me or should we be worried with the D?
Back to the plan
Clean energy now
Order your next truck with Freedom Ford's Express Order Process (EOP). Get your truck the way you want it, in the color you want, and the r…
Congratulations to the Somali Youth League for your hard work and commitment!
I never get it anymore.
count me in!!!!
Really want sm sushi umm cravings
Getting high thinking about those summer nights 💗☀
oh fine ... thx guys. im heading to the gym shortly, how's 430 sound to you both?
We measure our service one gallon at a time, and so far we are the liters by a mile!
*txt* I DONT KNOW!
People take the college sports thing way too seriously.
Yeah i saw that, but i gotta pass this year. I'm driving out to denver for new years with lindsey. And im wicked broke haha
AFHC Meat&Greet tonight at , 5pm. I think Randall is playing. Possibly too. Maybe even $1 beers.
I wish people were like money; so you could hold them up to the light to see which ones are real and which ones are fake. ;*
Slept late. Then i work tonight. Waste of a day D:
Help, Twitterverse! Am casting for a short video on preventing falls at home. Looking for caregivers of older adults in western Mass. DM me!
thank you for the RT! I accidentally thanked myself because I'm an idiot. Whoops!
Awesome! That's my favorite song on the album. You rock, Chris. :)
Not a person to mess with, reason : I'm a gemini.
the message spoke right to my heart. Thanks for being so obedient to Holy Spirit.not usually home Sunday mornings to hear you.
why can people fly to DC and not to JFK? This is very frustrating.
yea first time at fly, ugh...
uh, wtf? Are you guys battling over keyboards or what?
My stomach hurts! >.<
Dwight Howard's FT% has been between 58.6% and 59.6% each of the last 5 seasons. This season: 49.4%.
I #hate #selfish #people PrincessCiera
2 mistakes at the very end for both teams Nice job ATL
Why do I lock my doors and leave the windows down?
Ya know when I feel like my life sucks I go to Game Stop. Thanks to the workers and customers for making me realize that. It could be worse!
well what u gon give me shells? A 2piece and a biscuit
Corleones has the best philly cheese steaks!
thank you!
The gala is going to be a great party, we hope to see you there!
trying the #Tribute pour over style... Really good. And trying to build points on my card LOL
OK bro tell me wen
are you going to watch TV with the married and old
:'( im naming it bob!
hay! you must go follow if you havent already! she introduced me to your music & she loves youu
As we gear up for National Photo Month in May, we're donating 2 APA annual memberships per wk, bet Apr 15-May 31. DM us or .
i hate cover bands
great, i'm doomed.
RT : Having some amazing food thanks to and great open house lovie! Xoxo
$PASO has also been working with partners for a coordinated release and the support of an Electronic Medical Record.
Anyway, still hoping will turn my ADHD addled brain productive for FetFest2012.
Food and beverage executives predict growth
Everyone at skool was like "OMG sade u talk now.." DUUHH I'm not retarted, I can talk. I just chose not to. -__-
I LOVE !! they got some funny chiz. what the heck is chiz anyways??? IT SOUNDS LIKE A GERMAN SAUSAGE :D
Wish I was there!! Beautiful
you do for me atleast and i appreciate it :D
When comes back, Staples Center gots 2 show/shout mad love! He feeds on the energy; bout 2 be like the return of
Im always amazed to see kids who are taller than me
#cosign #celticsnation RT : my guy is the best point guard on the league hands down
thank you... Love you too
I'm heading to Las Vegas today. Follow along for the highlights.
Why does our bus smell like Skunk..?
Ya'll are great! I still check often, even tho I don't tweet! Anyone wanna play the number gamee?(:
Inside studio info,, new monitor which makes the others look simply awful, lots of winning this morning, tune in to Generations 1023 or 94.1
You know it!
hey isn't a #bedroom defined as a room with a built-in closet? why is Town Meeting reinventing the wheel?
Its bin raining all day n I love it!!
Going to see the Pacers put out the heat on Thursday with !
what kind of beer is it??
well I sure as hell am hooked now LOL once I start something I NEED TO FINISH IT LOL
Even with a 1-3 record last week, UK baseball is still 1 of 5 Division I schools with less than 10 losses so far this season.
Because guess what - in two years, none of this makes a difference in our real life.
who knows we might add another member! Bring it ya heard??
#tradhome thank you - so thrilled!
last night on this gig.. ready for a new camera package
thank you m'dear! :)
#Canelo about to blow up, that was a good fight!
THE PILOT IS COMPLETE. NOW TO THE EDITING ROOM. EPISODE 1 COMMENCES ON SATURDAY. WELCOME TO THE WORLD OF SCARLETT
Geez - since ESPN issued the pic of the Boston Rings - #Redsox died, #Celtics never started, #Bruins are so so and #Patriots are drowning!
Im going to complain. Stupid basketball practice till 930. Not a happy camper. ❌🏀
Thank you for the recommendation!
It's not called being whipped , it's called having respect for your girl.
Follow up to my last tweet: "That shi cray."
Testing the water MT : in Kansas City hosting 2012-'13 #NHL preseason game Oct6th: vs
Paczki + beer = winning
Thanks for the RT! Really appreciate it. :)
It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness!
HEALTHCARE:Home-Family-Job-Assets-Health Ins. Which one can take the others away from you? Buy your book!!!!! (TheProfitTrap) www.amazon.com
Thanks for watching!
"Dante said the hottest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain neutrality in times of moral crisis." Ken Samuel
Everyone knows the #Flyers had a call coming to them. Truth be told, that was probably the right call anyway.
Many congrats to social-media maven who is leaving for
love you
Many thanks, great seeing you too. Have fun in Boston.
wow, is todd speaking yet?
Thanks for the follow! ;-)
Westbrook, nobody wants to see u vs Kobe, everybody wants to see KD vs Kobe.. pass the ball kid
Dallas Magic Club meeting tonight. Some fun at last.
junquito.. at my aunt's house
What is your favorite chocolate dessert in Seattle? Why is it the best?
Anyone else attending Social Media RX? www.visitrochester.com/socialmediarx/
Why would it be easier for a man than a woman?
Today was so unsuccessful
damn I feel bad for Rose. looks like the Heat will be in the finals...again. They will win the whole thing this yr.
Q : What's your plans for 2012 ? A : God only knows what comes next.. i hope this year will be as great as 2011!
'Constant state of beta' CU's can't settle for status quo
Monday in Mpls and it was beautiful today. Be better with someone to share it with :-)
Thanks! Your team is so kind! Ended up connecting with a longtime friend!
Today is the Tommorrow you worried about Yesterday
People are just crazy!!
This score? JESUS!!! #OKC killing these boys...lol.
Interesting fact: Rapper 'Plies' was a standout athlete(fball) at Miami University before transferring to the University of Central Florida.
hey,us too. We're trying to avoid joining the Imperials.
We have one more gift for the next person who stops by the Honey Child Pop Up Shop...U coming!?!!!
Damn it!!! Walked into a bar and they're playing country music. I hate country music.
If the world doesn't end on December 21, 2012, I have a feeling there will be a lot of babies born on September 20, 2013.
I have to say as im writing my novel and rereading it its unlike anything I have ever read I cant wait to share it with everyone
It feels so good 2 b home...
Got off early today
The hatred I have for my phone will be forever endless....
Never reverses them? HaHa. RT: An umpire is like a woman. He makes quick decisions & never reverses them...
I love the goldust > Cody sign front row on #raw tonight
Welcome to all of our #NACUA workshop attendees! Looking forward to an informative program today!
: It's my opinion we'd be good together #Don'tOverreact (:
What's my favorite Christmas movie? The Predator. Arnold's bold action in the jungle that day allows each and everyone of us to have a...
RT : to be fair, does make EVERY movie better!!! ;-)/ Mark Hamill is uniquely talented, a rare pearl
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Free set of kitchen tools with a $25.00 purchase (Riverwest). Get your chef on!!!
Coke or Sprite Beer!
After starting in the back of the field, takes the lead from on lap 97. Who is the driver to beat #Kobalt 400?
Showtime back to back!!!!
Myla told me on Sat that she could hear the spider crawling up the wall. Ladies and gentlemen, I think we have a superhero here!
RT : At YMCA. 2 women in 80's said I love that music you have on your IPOD. I said its Flo Rida. Now they're jamming to it!
We work hard, we play hard
You deserve to win! RT If I win #MegaMillions it's Mexican Coca Cola from here on in.
Thanks! Glad to hear you like it :)
Wii bowling tournament at work today. I've been named "Liana “Bowling Before I was Walking” Shanes"
It's just you and me today, Vivian.
lol is amazing how good glass (lens) can make you look different
shine shine shine your beacon brightly upon the totality of your being. :).
My spring break travel plans with are getting crazier and crazier by the minute.
": i wish there was a Uncle Remus in C'dale." Shit, I wish they had one N Dallas!
Cause for now he has like a MILLION guys crushing on him haha xP but yeah i understand, and i agree i can't see it either
#whaaa? what about ppl #high on smack their up for days?weeks??? #ijs :)
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 12
That's right people! We tweet about pancakes lol
My mom just dropped her phone and her screen broked way worst then mine so I busted out KARMA right in her face.
Ah yes, Micah said to email you. Can we collaborate on this? I'm an editor at HLS. A Library Boing Boing/HLS meetup would be epic.
me too! Everyone was totally nonchalant!
Great job!! “: one year after starting with and , I have shed that 20 pounds I wanted to drop.”
Thanks for the clarification. Fortunately I can make the correction in my upcoming book, James Bond Unmasked.
Hey Alex, hope you are feeling better than over the weekend. Looking forward to seeing you and in Birmingham!
I absolutely agree that #ROWE is better than straight unlimited vacation. NO doubt about it!
RIP: Everett Lilly who, along with his brother Bea, (and banjoist Don Stover) introduced bluegrass to many folks in the Northeast.
Amazing how much I accomplished in the last three hours! Time to call it a night and get some sleep. Busy day ahead tomorrow.
yeah its one of those days when if you step back and look at it, its pretty clear. Thank you.
you all rock!Loving the game of football aka soccer and thrill to be helping #EduSport :)
I'm lucky to get 24 consecutive hours.
Guests can purchase raffle tickets as a donation & prizes are amaze
What do grocery stores north of MD line have that the D side lacks? OMG strawberry rhubarb pie Shoney's eat your heart out.
Your Welcome! Thanks!
Sounds tasty to us!
I wake up and he's just screaming... Throat all dry , Sweat down my back.. Stiff wrist.. I'm so sick still , Wtf..
Friday night studying.
A day without Jake , I dunno how to spend it .
I thought you might need some encouragement right about now. Stay strong! Remember your goals! Remember why you want them!
Is this Peyton List?
Get Clubby with Dancing With The Stars Custom and Micro Beds! Up now on #productionvault!
HGTV Green Home 2012 Designers Use Trex Outdoor Living Products (VIDEO) - HULIQ
Vagina? No. Lol RT “: Wtf are quahogs??? They look like clams maybe.”Is that code for....,
Chevron seeks bank records in Ecuador environmental suit
Peoplee At This School Make Me HATE Drakee ,
They have U cheering them on!!!!!!!! Your unstoppable
Do you want to see good music, tap dancing, drink good coffee, and more? Come out to the Family Matinee tomorrow Feb 4th!
thank you. That's all I wanted.
if you watch the Jersey Shore for any lenght of time, you realize not only should abortion be legal it should be retro-active!!
Barbecue chips at 10:30 in the morning are always a good idea.
#onlyinchicago it would have hail the size of golfballs!!
formality my ass... he crossed the finish line first. how difficult is that to understand?
The headaches I've been getting <<
What do you think about our daily posts? We want to know!
don't know what exactly that means but WE ARE!!!!
ah makes sense. Stick the Dell sticker on it. :)
#iwannabe the Best in everything that I do!
I like saying it like a Brit: "Aruguler"
Rebel Rockin N Rolling!
miss u brudder!!!
Make sure that your overall interactions with your dog nurtures balance and relaxation in him
plz read my DM it would mean so much to me
Alright.. I'll check it out
We started with banana/rice cereal, then went on to apples, pears. We're waiting for that book you recommended to get here!
Kerr is killing it tonight.
okay whatever.
I've heard of the droid. Does it have a keypad like the Blackberry? That's the reason I am resisting the iPhone.
Sleepover with :)
I JUST said to that tonight would be perfect.
Super tired but I'm still grindin.
I'm booked for Anyone ever stay there and want to give me tips?
if Ty plays, we win that game easy. Don't be surprised when the go into LA and beat them by 20 on Thursday
Would really like a meaty cock right about now...
Monday Night Football special 12 wings 2 Drinks 10.00 or Green Chile Cheese Burger fries and a drink for 7.50
Pigeon poop be gone, so it was said, so it was done and customers enjoyed eating at the outdoor tables again as the restaurant flourished
I'm sure u can match her exciting stories with your tales in Cheyenne...
Person: Niall's cute & all, but his teeth are mess- Me: Say it and you won't wake up tomorrow.
Just wrapped up another session at the studio. One day at a time.
follow me please i love you so much <3 :)
so jealous!
#howtopleaseahoodrat any white guy.
-- Are you asking a H2H daily question??? Really???
My extended family are the most aggressive Easter egg hunters ever.
young 9, starting to look like Defenders! Class of 2016, we are coming!
Why do all of today's "smart" phones still use a depiction of an obsolete technology (the reel-to-reel tape recorder) as the voicemail icon?
OMG I didn't know I had a 5 AM. Lab tomorrow. Blah. Oh well. Lets do this thing!
Cubs win!
lol im at the crib...
Could Parents Have Been Warned About Joshua Carrier Sooner? - KRDO
It would be pretty hard to burn down the Copycat!
usshh I hate you! Bring me some =))
crashing hard! lol keep me posted on your dad. he's lucky to have you there with him! ;)
// Snooze disaster. Next one!
damn fam if u can find some every liquor store I been to talmbout dey done sold out
Loll I love Damon
woke up this morning 2 a nitemare called my life.
Tax incentives possible for Mercedes Benz Blue-Tec vehicles.
What's the game plan for today?
I think you would totally bang Harrison Ford !
Do it! You'd look amazing. I'm addicted to mine :)
EVERYONE NEEDS TO BE TUNED IN TO ZIMMERMAN HEARING ON #CNN RIGHT NOW!
Anna's coming over soon (:
You can't be the type to play females consistently, then expect fellas to "take it easy" on your sisters ? LOL what kinda shit is that -_-
RT : Faith is what makes life bearable, with all its tragedies and ambiguities and sudden, startling joys - L’Engle
i wanna go
Poor fakers,y don't u just lose,cuz the thunders ll still be sending yall home parking
Well only 69 more followers until we get to 1,000 on Twitter... Help us out and RT if you're feeling kind today!! :)
#ihate getting all dressed up...
that! that is what you RT?!! of my billions of tweets! mouse pee? that one!!!! :)
I'm seeing an encouraging uptick in non-native English on the support forums after implementing i18n & L10n.
I really, really, really wish Radiohead was playing somewhere near Indy and not on a weeknight. I can't swing a Tuesday show.
hahah about Scott. I'm still totally dying over that.
I think of that every time I work on Law&Order and try to write it on my voucher.
Great morning doing the yard spring cleanup. Love applying my random athletic turfgrass knowledge to the homefront. Enough to be dangerous.
I woke up in the bath tub with only socks and the faucet on. WTF happened last night
Stronger rain pounding my windows now.
All signed up for my membership, ready for the new year!
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
Enjoyed Cabin in the Woods. Is it me or at the end did the two leads, when they were huddled together, look like Amy and Rory?
Young pups need to chew. Part of mental health. Buy chews bigger than mouth to prevent choking, monitor while chewing.
Ideas come from anywhere, but nothing comes from nowhere.
Pens just out hitting, out working them right now
A *growing* Eiffel
your pretty!
but in the end lasting memories
Good morning! I hope everyone gets some nice holiday time off this season.
AJ is def the hottest diva out there. Luv that she is getting this push
This month has been nothing but busy, and a bunch of stress. However, next week a get away to New Jersey may just be what I need.
Shalimar. Or Taqueria Cancun. Or Mimi's. Or any other well-established place. Upstarts are fine, but seriously, get with it!
So will the Republican Party boycott the Lorax?
Just a head's up: for now, we will only be accepting cash and checks. So come prepared Friday night!
At my homie's MMA fight
Watching Soul Surfer with my bestie Lane Shaw who looks alot like
Thank you so much!!
Full room for our first ever MOPS meeting. Really exciting stuff.
Well, any effort to maximize your potential and ability is a good thing. - Daniel Goleman
love it…too funny!
NTFS. figure that one out. When I took this in college I was INFJ. Will see what a decade or two has done.
"can I retweet my own tweet?" -
Angry woman cussing out stranger :O.
I hate the commercials about tips from a smoker. Omfg it's so sad
don't worry, we'll come back! third period is always our best :)
At this Hillsong concert!!!
Today was a very refreshing day!
No, I wasn't paying attention...
Wow. Weak shot Josh... But C's gonna give em another chance...
Hey Seattle Cooks - my friend has a line cook job opening w/ PTO, benefits, 401K, 40hrs/wk. Contact
They got nothin on you babyy
My go to guy in basketball at the gym today, "trying to get rid of this hangover, doing some cardio."
its my birthday !!!
Thank you for attending. Such a great turn out!
Mike Bibby can carry this team tonight. He's gonna have to drop 20. Or Fields and Amare gotta drop 20 each. Or Melo can just score 40 again
really :o
oh D-Wade way to shank that one
where you headed?
Phineas & Ferb are one of my favorite cartoons in Disney!
Poor North Korea. Can't do anything right.
Does it really need to be this dark and rainy on a Monday morning?
Who tryna chill? Hit me upp ASAP
thank you for the post. It was very helpful.
Say yae, say yae, don't we do this everyday day.
Cute girls just use Tumblr to post soft core porn.
": .. have a beautiful day!! #teambootyz!! -kitab00" you too #TeamBootyz !!
San Diego is the place to be! Glad you're back, neighbor! Feel better too!
Ha! Nope, Robot is staunchly anti-stinky stuff. Thank goodness!
Bo Ryan has never been a huge fan of the ACC/Big Ten Challenge. The transfer ban could be a subtle jab at the Challenge for all we know.
LMAO raquan done gave me the lauggh of the night
Werner Vogels ignited the public cloud revolution. How will he disrupt the global IT market?
Military Appreciation Night and Bikes on Beale, and you were coming right? See you then! Benefiting Toys for Tots
Muller: "Access to information encourages accountability"
I need to get my nails done, ASAP!
I'm so devastated and now the heat have a free ride to the finals
:) I assume you watched the video?
Wher you Photos!!!!??
oh Ard good looks buzzin his twitter don't pop .. Lol
thank you!
Can we just legalize gay marriage already so people will stop posting lame image macros to Facebook about legalizing gay marriage?
THAT'S ALL I NEED.
Well I can dream
Taste time: Headed for Starbucks to try their new dumbed-down coffee blend.
Congratulations for reaching the TOP 20!! Great topic!
aww I hope you're better now bby. And I hope your nana gets better, I'm sorry :c <3
- But do you remember your old friends?
I like going to chipotle and ordering the 620 calorie burrito bowl and adding guacamole and turning it into a 13,000 calorie bowl.
this child is officially driving me insane today. he is all about making me uncomfortable. and the braxton hicks are keeping up
Welcome to Twitter!!
The #Yankees sweep of the #Orioles is complete. 3:42 on the time of the game.
do u acting guys really believe in that when it's the right time stuff. Cause I'm all about u life is all on u.
Can we make it up to you!?!
Dudette, why are you not out for #pcbw?
's new album "Spine Hits" drops April 10th on End Records. Also on a huge tour which just kicked off in Nebraska.
would've been better had you consumed
Brilliant post, Chez! Oh, those poker-playin' married men. They love to Grind. I .. mean .. Blend?
and just because out good QBs are injured don't mean nothing didn't Tom Brady come out of no where didn't y'all say tebow sucks
Erm we have actually... if it wasn't for me you wouldn't be going!
It's not always about achieving perfection, it's all about steady Progress towards perfection!
We've been awfully quiet. Not our usual raucous selves. This good behavior must come to an end :)
you told me to follow you and I said "sure".
This time Kathryn blogged holy, hallowed, sacred, and consecrated
Give somebody a compliment today. Whether you know them or not, it can make a really big difference in your day and theirs.
You're welcome! And thank you for being such an AMAZING audience!! xoxox
Yay! I still wear (+ love!) a few of your pieces I got swaps ago. RT : Already got my bag of clothes ready to go : )
Brent Lillibridge is striking out about 50% of the time. Let's have him lead off.
Apologies if out site looks funny, were working on a few upgrades, Not to worry, you can still purchase all of our deals. Thanks!
i sure will follow you i always follow back
My mom's birthday cake. >
Lol, this girl got mad cause I told her to shut the fuck up cause she kept telling the class too. Dumb bitch you don't like it right?
As long as the suffix applied to his carrier ends in "-ologist".
Love is a serious Mental Disease
its not me nigga, I wouldn't go through all that jus to make a page
going to my practice graduation, working, and then playing music! <3
I still think #damienmulkey was better
Happy Tuesday! How's everyone's #springbreak going? I know I'm enjoying mine!! :)
Just missed the bus. FML
I have duly added that to my list!
I want sum pannycakes
#Russia and #China vetod (STOPPED) #NATO intervention in the #UN -- TWICE. #NATO would have destroyed #Syria :(Thank
dear every hotel in america, bread, donuts, muffins, and cereal aren't breakfast
my father in-law plays it like woah - prolly about a 5 on the dorkisphere
Student Quote: "When I walk home to my apartment sometimes I pretend I'm a knight. I hop on the squares on the sidewalk and count 1-2-turn!"
I'm so happy almost all my favorite Aussies are here!
Hi Diana! Thanks for the follow! Loved your cookie deliciousness for Sabor de HoLa!
Make sure you include the hashtag #21CRadio to win tix!
and that's proof that you've been working too much! LOL
DC Jazz Events You dont want to miss, Follow
We are known for our Prime Rib from 8oz-168oz pick your poison :)
I busted my vote all over today's face.
next? All sluts who suspect a zygote within their uterus must report to the Dish Room for a vaginal ultrasound ha!
When your moms says your name when she's mad <<<<
17 DAYS UNTIL ONE DIRECTION GHDKJNF
Thou shalt not commit adultery, unless in the mood.
Thanks for the RT!
Vote for in the John Lennon Songwriting contest Pop Category for Pop Song of the Year.
There's a reason why they call it Villa Daslu - can I live here? Shopping heaven...
#oomf just made my night! I needed to hear that !
Lord help me to trust your timing . "In their hearts humans plan their course, but the Lord establishes their steps." Prov 16:9
“Don’t find customers for your products, find products for your customers.” - Seth Godin
Good morning to you!
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. -Jim Rohn
avi is bad as hell ;-)
use our coupon code save20 just about everywhere that will take it. if they don't, tell them to DM us.
Hm. My guess is a studio is behind the twitter buzz over the Anchorman sequel. Nothing else can explain it. The original was not good.
A heartfelt thank you to those who supported and helped me during this year's LA Marathon. It was tough but now it's done and in the books!
Tried to plan my #mlanet12 itinerary today... lets just say it was overwhelming. I wish there were 2 of me for all I want to see!
I don't know what has got me hotter under the collar, the #NYC heat wave or the ridiculous back & forth in the #NFL lockout. Get it done!
“ “ #Sagittarius have deep emotions but they don't show it.”” ' True!!
Guitar practice early in the morning to get ready for the full out band practice/beach jam. - Charly
we could set up a time to Skype or I could email you some Qs or whatever works.
im sorry but can u give me ur email where we can stay in touch?
It's spaghetti, garlic bread, and salad for lunch today at summer camp! Well, a little bit of salad anyway.
Popdust Music Site Branches Into Fashion With The Launch Of Its First Pop-up Online Store Popdust Style
Spent the flight playing on garageband for ipad. Love that app!
Thank you to for helping me spread the word about the event tomorrow!
I like you but you talk too much!
Think anything less than a perfect game by Andy Pettitte today will be viewed as a disappointment by some
I will be cursing after this work out tonight...because she writes some pretty kick-your-butt-til-Sunday work outs...
Law and Policy Gaps discussed at #idtrust: different nat'l approaches & data laws, commercial vs private interests, ownership/control
We're about to find out if $60 worth of Mueller BBQ is too much for 3 people.
Is it bad when you go to your Doctor for a check up and the doctor says "before we get to you, man, your Pepper Mustards are awesome"?
has he replied yet?
Glad we can share life with you again, lovely! Me? Enjoying the possibilities of this year. :)
: All's well. Just slingin' movies and freelancin' like a monster. We need to gather folks for BBQ some evening!
..wassup my guy?
If you want respect, you gotta respect others, too! Respect is not a one-way street.
If you have a clusterfuck or a shit storm on your hands just send it over my way. It's what I seem to deal with these days
and it will be after noon.
Crews shouldn't be allowed twice on the show...
My concern is that the history of #streetart #graff can be bought -- manipulated for investment.
I think that customers should ditch and and watch programming online using Internet for half of the price!
RT if you live in Atlanta and you remember 95.5 TheBeat
Just got in a 4 wheeler crash.. I'm gonna have some major
Woke up with the only sore throat 😖😔
me to
I wann go back to my warm comfy bed! :(
Have a BLAST! How did you ring in the NY Phillippines-style?
Hey there old friend! Long time no see! :-) Hope you're awesome! XO
tell me about it! It almost brought me to tears (of joy) walking towards the exit!
Has something happened this afternoon? Been out cutting the grass.
Amused by ppl w/1000s of followers & a few followees. Dear follower, I don’t care what you have to say. Ignoring you makes me feel important
homemade Kahlua FTW
So My Dad Just Basically Called Me Fat ... Gee, Thanks. Freaking Hate My Family Seriously .
thx much for the #EDU11 info. Really looking forward to the conference!
BC its hardly beef. And I couldn't bring myself to argue with a kid. That's just ridiculous
You know you have a wine issue when follows you
9. I dont like talking on the phone , jus text me ;p
RT : Super soaker pussy, it get wetter than drizzle
A good inside SEO could be more productive for a company that the top sales person. A great one could be more than the entire sales team.
I want to meet someone who knows how to lock >.>
Day 3 at #drupa & a BIG welcome to #Xeroxdrupa visitors in hall 8b - do not miss the special performance by du Soleil at 10:45
God gives every bird a worm, but he does not throw it into the nest. -Swedish proverb
HAPPY early Birfday thats what me and friends say for ppls birthday well LOVE YEAH Girl and have a good one God Bless
Kung Fu weekend. An actual weekend. Bike rides and apple pie. Nice.
WhatsApp is the best messaging app for iPhone, in my opinion. Highly recommended.
More debates. Blah-blah-blah-wha-wha...
GAB says extension would put the deadline at Mar 19
so gr8 2 c u! RT Enjoyed seeing the beautiful ladies event
#workingout best anger management ever! 😡
Thanks for the RT yesterday!
who declares what is "relevant" to tweet? It's twitter, look up the rules and get back to me.
I think I did good in my track meet against Jefferson.
Rich: Distinguish between adequacy of laws based on current experience & how that view should change based on Japan.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
and I are upset at your comment,
indirect ass lmaoo
cussing them out and hating on them! so Nick replied!"Your not being very ICONic and i don't like ppl that hate on other ICOiacs
" I'm Trying To Go To Sleep, But I Can't Help But Sing :) " .
RT : Beliefs have the power to create and the power to destroy. Tony Robbins
stay! tweet! I'm living vicariously through you :o)
Goodnight everyone! Sweet dreams you all :*
Hell fucking yea RT : I think Oak Ridge Is One Of The Best Schools in Orlando
Know of/have any google apps experts on staff? we'll pay....in candy...
Pat Riley would get closer and closer to the bench. Doc Rivers and a banged up DWade...yes.
So proud to have been endorsed by the Stonewall Democrats! Thank you to all the leaders and activists of Stonewall for your support!
#Avengers was great.
Aww, Thanks! RT : Very productive meeting with All the folks at #SCHIPUL speak the language of the web like no others.
says "no room in the hearing or overflow rooms either!" Thoughts?
I enjoy porn every bluemoon, but its still absolutely not wht I want my son or daughters doin to feel secure in feeding their families
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery.
Not scientific, just the attitudes my friends & coworkers express mostly in casual conversations about it
So...Anyone want a shoutout?!:D
Happy Monday!!! I'm counting down till Wednesday has extended Happy Hour!! Can't wait
Cinespace last night was great! Tonight we play Howl at the Moon @ CityWalk near Universal Studios. 8pm!
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Alexander Wan ⁰Rising 7th Grader ⁰Beaverton, OR ⁰Travel Team: All in One ⁰Point Guard 5’2
Call me old fashioned but a prerequisite to copping a feel: you should know the other person. Otherwise you're just a creeper.
thanks but no thanks i'd rather not take that offer
I'll gladly pay you Tues for a hamburger todat
lol its ok. if i get it fair and square then it will be even better!
Yup, genstrings fails at synonyms not being synonymous in all languages. I was planning to solve that with macros which unique 'em.
Every now and then say, "What the fuck." "What the fuck" gives you freedom. Freedom brings opportunity. Opportunity makes your future.
Ahh wish I could too!!!! Hope you have another in the summer!!
I didn't :( But I am today!!!! The music is GREAT! Cannot wait to lay down the vox and hear it dine!
What the hell boobi mckee is wearing..space dress. Ice tee & Co Co class act couple..Corrine bailey ray looks amazin but hair.
hey packer backers, who's excited for this next year???
RT : Hard to improve every position, but #Bears have done nice job trying correct the issues that led to December collapse.
My butt.
Matthew is 6 weeks old and has a rare form of brain cancer. We met his mom last night. Please pray for this sweet little guy's...
u need a gf
blah, call in sick!
You don't give a fuck about haters, you say? What a role model.
You have everything you need to make mucho coolness happen today.
Get ready for Spring Break with a fabulous piercing! Come see us today!!
Thanks! Right now I would be totally pleased with the $1k you win for 3rd place.
heey girl can u follow me ? i'm of U.S.A !(:
can't promise yet but fingers crossed :)
where are you!?
yes lol do you need help?!!
Coffee, man
December 25, 1989 - Billy Martin dies in an automobile accident . Martin was 61.
“: I have so much energy today !” at least someone does...
fearlessly lead us in the direction you see fit
no problem you should check out
omg nick what did u drink before the new interview you guys where crazy 😜
If your "shorts" don't cover any part of your leg you're wearing underwear , just FYI
Yes & that's ok! Sometimes u have to put yourself first! It's ok to feel pain, to reflect, to mourn & then find clarity & strength!
hahahaha that sounds so weird
Sound advice. Thanks for the reminder.
“: Ever notice how our minds play tricks on us? Fear makes reality seem so much scarier then anything really is.” -- so true!
#PlayersMoreClutchThanLebron Adam Morrison
black voters or black churches? I see lots being written about the established "leaders" - that seems more the wedge
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” ― Albert Einstein
RT : "Dave Grohl doesn't even mail in mail." ~
So, I read The Hunger Games in about 5 hours. I do not get the investment in this book at all. Interesting idea but poor realization.
Total bullshit! Damn it Butler!
What up Ricky??? Cool meeting you today..have a good night and good luck with the callback! :)
London is a place I've yet to visit.
NC vs NC State Kentucky vs Florida 2 great games!
My gf txt Like a granny.
With that setup,I can "ride" for several hrs (I'm in the middle of a 4hr "ride" now!).But yeah:it's hard to be excited abt it 2/2
email it to me?
Well you dont have my number anyway. One problem at a time methinks.
LeTip is having 2 power breakfasts w/all suburban & city chapters in Oct. If u want to sign up [$30 b4 Oct 15] let me know, I'll send form.
You called me ten times and texted me fifty. I obviously don't wanna talk to you.
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
In both 2009 and again in 2010 the DREAM Act was reintroduced to the Senate
Does Windward also dabble in micrographics? Would love to hear more about what you do!
well look who joined the twitters!
My college resolution is to get amazing grades this year. I will do that by going to tutoring everyday!
A script-kiddie exploit every 6 or 7 years, that doesn't mess with any data, doesn't even register to me. YMMV. :)
“: thanks for helping with the ladies #timetorelax” <<<<yes indeed, it's #wine o'clock
If you want to destroy the recovery and the housing market, DO THAT. Idiots....
Seeing the boyz on that stage without Vin will tear me apart, they should bring him back, he experienced it with them the first time, y n
3s up... Boston got next
RT The average PC owner spends 50 hours a year troubleshooting. The average Mac owner spends 5 hours a year.
fabulous. i'll warn so Ferguson doesn't take him down.
You'll find me at lounge tonight with the crew! Hope to see I there:-)
Another insane nite is coming!The euro Family will be on fire as always!cant wait
RT : just received their 52nd A+ review on ! Congrats to the whole team!
NOTHING MUCH CHILLIN
Thank you all!
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 12
Dark. Can't breathe! MT Imagine a dolphin dancing in the sky [...] Think of yourself at the bottom of the ocean watching.
taking your talents to South Beach?
When is the baby due?
Boss is right! :)
He kept saying "it's no big deal." But you could tell by his eyes he knew it was.
not mine...cousin. The big oh-four...haha but thanks for the knid thought!
- that problem child/big ben poltergeist/sixth sense line was fuckin bonkers. i didnt even catch that when i was there
Strange thing happened to me...... I was outside skateboarding with my friends and I saw some ORANGE BALLS in the sky.
Monday sucks! Pass the vodka
What do we think? Am I gonna get to sleep on time tonight or are the #Canucks going into frakkin overtime again?
You're welcome! And thanks to you for the kind words - so glad you enjoyed #cni11f. Hope to see you in Baltimore, April '12.
If a player was on PS last year, then was cut cause of injury i.e. Adrian Battles, what is the protocol for them to come back?
Too much poetry will do that to a boy.
great brother what's new
That's not really a concern of mine
Been listening to for the part 2 days at least 10 times a day. :)
you can't spell #triplecrown without #RBI josh hamilton aka #REALROYHOBBS is in pace.
Mr. Wrong with the shit!
That tanned mom is burned as shit..
Thanks for spending Halloween with us.
Delain: Epic Metal Troupe&#39;s Third LP To See North American - Rock ...
#wiredwaffles offer a 100% Natural energy lift. 200mg of caffeine in each waffle!
HA! RT : please tell me they're calling it a "roBUTT"
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE IM THE BIGGEST FAN EVERY AND I WOULD APPRECIATE A NOTICE
congrats on the funding!
Way to go, California! But our dairy is still better than your dairy.
This Monday is our next college PREVIEW! Tacoma campus at 6pm / meet staff, faculty, current students & experience a course! See u there!
#occupydcneeds Deep Cycle Marine Battery x2
nun you already know lol
That's spectacular!! Does that mean you'll be coming to DC soon? Can you come early and hang out w/ me?
He's another guy with a kind heart, and there isn't a single thing wrong with that.
Jim Browns daughter just farted on me.
*tweets at stop light* bloop bloop bloop *accepts ticket from cop to your right*
We should make this a weekly feature, really.
#whydohoes even bother to wear clothes....haha I just wanted to rhyme.
that is too funny! Miss ya
Tweet, facebook, linkedin Does anyone get any business from these? The FTB just told me I owe taxes cause the average income of R.E agents
Couldnt ask for a better brother <3
Cheers to your weekend! Enjoy and let us know about the adventures you will be heading on with your Vinchee Backpack
Where did you work at WQED? Old West Coast office?
If I ever say no to a burger, it's not me. It's a robot, alien, or particularly clever crow deceiving you. Run away or kill it immediately.
Totally normal to be kept awake over your choice of font, right? Cool. Thanks.
do you have a tumblr?
Hml bro when you free I'm bout to dm you my line
Been trying to pre-order the iPad 3, but the store is down. Not all that surprising, but still...
Woah, #Rondo is COMPLETELY out of line, and the TNT crew won't call him on it.
I sometimes wonder... how does it benefit me as a museum visitor to share a photo I took with the museum? Thoughts?
I started getting story alert emails this morning. They came in a bunch, so I think it's working.
getting in touch with my inner artist
- no problem. I'm excited about "ShoveBox"
you gotta get this game on your ipod #touchgrind. Youll get addicted
Got 2 keep it real like Peyton. Flip phone,bad skin&grill. RT colts like dweebs. Why didn't we get RG3 aka Andre 3000
hahaha cmon you know im kidding!!!!!........... I don't wear condoms
As I'm watching 'Odd Girl Out', I see myself in Alexa Vega's character..... :/
No big bucks required - let us know if you shop a royal ring so we can help find a good discount for you! :)
Hope you and all your classmates have a great time at Commencement! we're proud of you all!
Alright. Thanks!
And for the second time...
If Tim #Tebow stays in Denver to back up Peyton Manning, he is LITERALLY Clipboard Jesus.
good grief! whatever's on deck, good luck!
follow me please please
"Blessed are you donors, because the Kingdom of Maryland is yours."
yeah lol I'm just laying here reading your tweeds looking at his pictures and dreaming...
FILL IN THE BLANK WEDNESDAYS: My favorite book of all time is _______________.
thanks bro I appreciate it!
it's probably in your nose...got a neti pot?
Edinburgh Mall.(:
I was really looking forward to a time of reading kidslit galore and taking a break from academic history.
The time is NOW to call Solutions Mortgage 804-276-4146!
#oomf ion know what to do with him anymore
Tired as shit ready 2 go hme n put on ma spacesuit lol
Yes IT can be a struggle but I showed y I needed Mendeley or other sites & I took them brownies!!! It is all bout food
Enter TWEET20 to get 20% off anything at www.greatlakesclothingcompany.com spread the CLE pride!
Haha just like you!!!!
believes talking about oneself and one's career in a classroom is a very bizarre exercise.
Sea salt & chopped up licorice was clutch on today's run. Thanks for the idea !
All she want me to do is fuck da police ;)
so now a southern 6 yr olds voice is a speech impediment ? That lady is just wrong
For all those complaining about FTs: could it be that the Heat actually hustled more, got to the right spots, and played better bball?
Team LitFuse is working on some fun animations for the Canadians! We are going to be celebrating Canada Day!
Thanks a lot for following! Do hit you back!
...to serve God* and my country...
The weird moment when u go to do something, and when you go to do it you can't remember what you were going to do:D
You're awesome for listening to our music!
You make my heart Twitter.
It's bullsh*t that people get to be on a wheelchair just because they're fat.
Try to say good eye might without sounding Australian
Right now we're having a sale on Wall Decals and Stickers - Use coupon code THANKS30 when you check out to save 30% on your entire order. Ou
? what happened
Cheese is outstanding. It's like a vacation for your mouth. I would actually move to Tillamook to work in the factory. Truth.
There's always that one person who always catches you doing something weird.o.O
is wearing Raiders gear at work. Apparently doesn't realize how silly he looks. Staff secretly laughing behind his back.
your soul has no agenda.
#ripmarydirectioner is trending and she tweeted "bye life" like an hour ago.. She's probs just not online guys
Margaret D. Please play me?
House/dog sitting in Napa at chez Cadelago for the next week.
We've got Lemon Kissed in the store!! Miss Shauna even brought a sweet display. You're going to love it!!
I feel like I'm gonna be dead tomorrrooowwww
--- had a salad today from publix all it was missing a bubba truck... hope youre good!
That's a good idea. I'll tweet him that and let you know if he replied and what he said! ;)
I'm nervous to see him :/
Ever point to a cloud bc its a cool animal but the time everyone looks its clearly just a penis &by then ur the inappropriate perv pointing?
HAHAHAHA! Granny is trill
- you know, health and happiness for my family , friends and fans. And everybody else, too.
Chris, You got me and all my dogs and Dawgs in Chicago pullin for, Bro...
Linkedin LNKD and PCLN and CF Industries ALL BLOWOUT EARNINGS! All are up huge after hours. Rally is coming!
aha i do that all the time. (:
People without visions, hopes, dreams, ambition, or desire to win will go out of their WAY to kill yours.
 RT : I can't wait to see what my cat got me for #MothersDay tomorrow.
Happy Mothers Day To My Special Momma ! 💚
The members in my"family" have some serious attitude problems!
August 30th, Silverlake Lounge, 10pm. We'll have oranges and Capri-Suns for everyone. Pee-wee soccer halftime style.
Boiling 200lbs of crawfish! Be sure to get down here early before all the mudbugs are gone.
glad you enjoyed the chat!
Kiss Peeta: Get broth. Sometimes it begins this way. Love is hard in war.
Giants offense has been silent in the 1st half! They need to step it up in the 2nd!
Yea true and Im truly Sorry i Just Lost it!!!
Writing a game, while writing homework. It just doesn't get more fun than this, does it? haha :P
oh. My. God. Farley's fruit snacks! Thank you for that awesome blast from the past!
NICE. Congrats on becoming a #JET. Cant wait to see you in NY. Best of luck!
of course
Let no one place judgement on you or take your true light away from you
"the credentialing stack will be disaggregated" - Matt Greenfield
Had some of my favorite things in my Bento plate @ lunch today, including terri chicken, sushi & good miso soup
just started following me on twitter, fingers crossed for a yfrog pic!
Next weekend is Memorial Day here.
I didn't think it was possible, but Maggie is still sleeping. Of course, I probably jinxed myself for mentioning it.
you better take this hug woman! You can't have my baby!
Can't wait to rip into my Beauty Box!!! It arrived in the mail a couple of days ago.
Get down to St. Andrew's tonight for Roc Stea'd and more.... You know who's hosting....
as always, thanks for continuing to rally for #kodak , we appreciate it so much!!
Casting sessions and auditions begin today.. Let's find faces for Tressa, Luke and Chia!
looking like stack'd as soon as tones is out of his meeting
how sweet 😃
looking forward to catching up 2day. See u at 11:30.
3rd and 6 for Ducks. Absolute MUST STOP
#BizDen2012 is completely sold out as of now! We are so excited for our event next week...#WeLoveEntrepreneurs! :)
how are you dear??
Sorry but emmitt kept himself in excellent shape and healthy. No way Ingram will be a pro for 15-20yrs
omg hey!!!
lmao your so weird = unique
James Blake's, 'Limit To Your Love' > Feist's, 'The Limit To Your Love.'
Excited for tonight's IQ debate! Do grandma's benefits imperil junior's future?
I'm not a butthole
Already done, yo. :)
2 male symbols together and on each side says " Love ( male symbol) Forever"
i am
making love faces
I love how Chris brown is trying to come back
cool (: where?
Just added two new live play questions!
Just what were you trying to say?
follow back
More like #DIOR hahha
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who can't post Facebook pictures without their boobs hanging out.
Wish this Dick Clark thing was one of those fake Twitter deaths
we're on for Live #TWEETUP 4/13 at 6pm on the patio. FREE taste for thoughts on New Cab Franc, #WineDeals & Draw 4 Concert Tix!
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Is your URL radio friendly? Would people know how to spell it and remember it?
I RT too much. More content. Agreed?
awww so sad... no face painting 2day! :(
What happened?
Shirley Murdock >>>> YOU DON'T KNOW ABOUT HER !
basketball distracts the hell out of me on Wednesdays
SADD in effect
"You, me, and all the kings and queens...buried in the junkyard." ::page france::junkyard::
the best gift to give someone is respect and attention
“: There should be a live feed of #edcampdet on the screen downstairs - just a thought” <--- on it!
How is it that you still can't share someone else's FB posts from within the FB mobile app?
YES SHE IS STFU!
Headed to DC for the American Library Association annual conference. 13,000 librarians in one place!
Pics of from Extreme rules and RAW b up soon x
I'm supposed to be cleaning room but lazy
oh, I think I missed something
Omg mommy, come get me!!! These bitches are loud and whining WTF?
Thank you . Look forward for reading your tweets also!
MAY IS *OLDER AMERICANS MONTH* AND ALSO MAY IS *HAMBURGER MONTH* IS THERE A RELATIONSHIP
A8: No I do not. I am anxious to learn from some of the other answers to this question.
To ease my mind I think Ill work on some photos. May go out and get some shots of the city tomorrow.
according to a handout I was supposed to give my parents in high school all the 2006 kids used "cico" coffee in coffee out.
"G-Money playing some games with the youngster."
“: toughen up” lol who u talking to??!
Think I'm starting to lose my mind again.....
Bocce sign-ups have officially started for spring of 2012!
I wanna see an orca in the wild.... So bad!!!!!
Watching bawl like a baby!!!
Be humble not stuck up
If we werent in the house of God i would say something different
have you had your finals yet or is it this weeks
Why is the song "Jump" being played at the flyers/devils game? Wrong sport, Mr. DJ, sir.
if you're still actively seeking, Kate is the perfect person to connect with. Definitely recommend coming in.
The only one who informed me was my ten year old brother. How sad is that!?
#Lectora User Conference less than two months away! Can't wait to see all the movers and shakers in #eLearning!
who ever gets both those right will win $3.50
What makes me mad is when i see a person that only 50 years old and they act like there 70 please!!!
can you blame me? I'm on trees!
Carving a strap, roses end to end. Wondering why I underpriced it so much. No profit. Still tons of fun! And it's going to be gorgeous.
Applebee's 2 for 20. Out for the birthday of my girlfriends roommate :/
its Christmas time, so Merry Christmas! ;)
The more often people talk behind your back, the more often you're on their mind. Be proud.
i'll be home on Saturday!!
« « R.I.P. Trayvon Martin Retweet if you see this & you care if not keep scrolling..»»
SC tell the state employees the truth about potential massive state job losses coming down the tracks. Germans will dictate policy
do you remember me?;)
Happy New Year! Have a wonderful and prosperous 2012!
Is it me or did put these rap bitches back on thr map again
Facts aren't optional when it come to health
“Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.” Les Brown
Sometimes you fail to pick the right album for the moment, and sometimes you put on All Things Must Pass.
stop what you are doing a take a tme out!
Henry S. Haskins~ The time to stop talking is when the other person nods his head affirmatively but says nothing.
Lets see how the #49ers do...
OH and you definitely forgot TRUNK CLUB
Having a hard time getting through BSG. The Humans Keep Losing.
can I has some?
yeah should be at this week. may be a little late (7pm-ish?)
Headed to westfield to see SGezzy. Still waiting for that call from CAMP.
The birds are singing quite a symphony this morning. Bird-toven's 5th?
Kentucky v. Kansas begins at 8:20. Who are you rooting for? And when are you getting to Theory for 1/2 price wings and great drink specials?
you sound just like him!
": gota go Saito/Hawkins, shut down bullpen worth more then few HRs or RBIs. Oh and it would be cheaper!
Where my big head at? Who's representing #TeamHank in Portland? Anybody?
I'll fight you for a place at that table
Have a super happy birthday babbbyyy. !!!!!!!! Luva ya!!! Doll <3333
"Shout out to George hill rocking LeBron James shoes lol" hahah #AwkwardMoment when reads both names in 1 sentance.....
The feeding tube thing doesn't teach you how to eat right.
Thanks for following us! Day is crazy playing catch up after the show, how was the show for you?
There's a couple who met on Match on their 1st date sitting next to me.
we wish you were here (especially me) #danas bday !!!!!!!!
Awesome view!
in doing itt
I'm not high, my standards are. By the looks of your message (and your pictures) I'm thinking you were confused about that.
Good morning! #NURFC would like to welcome our guests from #OMA to our museum!
I'm on the Parking Spot shuttle. Fight on!
