" baby don't worry. you are my only, you won't be lonely even if the sky is falling down."
Interesting indeed!
Easter suites are overrated...
Pizza dreams up in smoke, the business we were buying was too far behind in rent. Not sure how they thought they could hide that.
burned 236 calories doing 45 minutes of "Walking, 4.0 mph, very brisk pace"
that's why they (k)all me the (K)andyman!!
Lucid dreaming is both awesome and a nightmare.
anyone out there in my network working for NY Presbyterian Columbia Hospital?
Congrats to winning door prize at !! Need a friend to go to James at the Mill.
Im drugged stalked tortured and constantly harassed because this halfwit Quack is lost in a fantasy of a breakdown
Way to go!
That's good(; Well atleast like my video ? Since you insisted to much for it -_-
Breakfast of champions: golf mixed with heat & humidity. More like a hot toddy.
hell yea. U already kno im on it
rachel and kaitlin are with me!
Girls are so stupid showinG their naked bodies all over twitter you don't see Guys doinG that oh my Gosh Get a life
Many thanks - and same to you! MT : Happy Monday & G8 wk
Next on our to-read list: Keith Richards memoir, Life.
Matsui sure knows how to play some baseball
A thing well said will be wit in all languages.
So how do I block retweets of ena-Lay unham-Day? Because ugh.
I thought the bus driver said to me, "Very cute." No, he was thanking me for showing him my pass.
NBC just showed a shot of Braden Holtby's mom...she can barely stand to watch....awesome
Another no-diet weight-loss weapon is H20! Cold water burns calories, staves off hunger pangs & releases muscle building hormones.
' I'm so hot lol
Reading Herman Miller Corp's 1968 book: presents the cubicle as design solution for "information deluge" & "communication quandary"
What is your company doing to help move you onto the first page of search results?
RT : “Forget about what you can't do. Remember what you can do.” ~ RB Answer to that is anything!!!
6hours of sleep and will be up baking tonight! What was I thinking? #GottaGetDemCoinsTho $$$
"seahorse seashell party" is my favorite episode of #family guy
yeh video or maybe even the UX :)
Coffee or Tea?
Thanks for stopping in! Hope you had a great time :)
I dunno. My boyfriend loves that crap.
Miss Iceland 1974 got $2 Million Reward in...
More than one NFL draft analyst have said Colts got 2 best tight ends in the draft. Those two draft acquisitions being called a "steal."
do u wanna do a tinychat with me we can talk and austin and or other people we can play music we can sing we can do whatever
I'm honestly kind of afraid to open ur text messages so
I still get most of my museum news at lunch. Museum professionals love to gossip, hate to document. Slowly that is changing.
I don't know if I should move. I have to decide within the next few day.
Ewww I'm soo sweaty. Played some hard core volleyball with :)
Do these L1C4 fans not realize that Matt Jones lives in Louisville? Unreal
don't you think pierce will be the guard, play a lot of point, and pietrus will be the forward?
AFSCME Local 171 steward Carl Aniel on general strike: Anything is possible.
We moved to the Sorrento Valley Tech Center. Right by Karl Strauss. Come visit! :)
school loans? if you just graduated it's typically like 6 months
Hello! I'm doing fine. Yourself? (:
Had the same reaction when I saw snow was not turning to rain...I feel like this is never going to end!
Hate that I can't RT 's tweet
Yea I couldn't get into Flames of Judgment at all. Story was kind of cheesy + gameplay wasn't as interesting.
how did the OCA meeting go last night? Very interested to hear if relationships are building.
#mamamafia is too strong to let it bring us down. We busy a cap in drama's...
#MarketerMonday (sports info)
Are you having trouble downloading our app to your mobile device or running into issues on the web? Let us know.
yeah exactly.... ok good I'm not the only one then..... but I have big faith in the writers and this show.... my God it's killing me
Woot! Just submitted for #MCN2012 with the one-and-only ! Fingers crossed.
The update? Do It? Professor Booty? Car Thief? That's not enough a portion...
#obl Can't get over how eery it is that both adolf hitler and Osama's deaths were declared on May 1st.--
Which station? I run a dozen stations for Clear Channel (2 country) we are always looking for great talent.
It's also great for the non-greyhairs out there as well!
oh that's not to bad.. Lol
Paul Giamatti could be Bernake's twin
It was so good we can't remember the year!
Don't fret, it'll be worth it in the end.
It may have been because he tweeted about his expected return from injury, organizations don't like that
All wrong-doing arises because of mind. If mind is transformed can wrong-doing remain? -Buddha
Yep, he did. Kid is a beast!
New Day. Same Bullshit. 😒
In honor of our downpour yesterday...#WBWednesday! Windshield wipers were invented by Mary Anderson in 1903. Standard on most cars by 1916.
Ewww! I should not have Google'd that.
Annie and Hallie. :) (Sorry for interrupting.)
that was very clever XD
Rollin on the River!
Who's ready for tequila?! Cinco & are throwing out all the punches with the fight & upside down margs
If you ever need anything please don't hesitate to ask someone else first. - Kurt Cobain
no worries! Good to be connected. So glad to hear you are better. Mold is killer! Happy to be sharing our Twitter-sphere!
My eyes aren't what they were… :-)
I am significantly better looking and equally as funny and witty.
HEY GUESS WHAT
peeta... y u no be real?!
check out Retro Vegas on Main Street, big pink building, they have fun stuff!
Thats really weird. VidCon was super fun so I dont know why anyone disliked it
Awful. RT Zimmerman friend: None of this would have happened if #Trayvon would have said I'm staying with my parents
You feel better too!
Protein shake needed bad and then gym.
I would have prob done the same thing at her age.
I don't understand WHY its still socially tolerated to oppose Mariage Equality, reasons of religion/politics.. i dont care,Theres NO excuse
Special happy mothers day to you mamma (:
Bounce that ass, shake that ass like a twerk team!! 😉
those are my kind of Tacos
if you're currently putting up with someone else's shit. dont do it. it's not worth it.
just got done playin bball (: now guitar hero
Thank you all again from this weekend! We are extremely grateful and love EVERY last one of you! Check out our tour dates and hang with us!
I know that's right just look at it like u will be done soon u can do it
Thanks to for presenting, for sponsoring, for hosting, and you for attending last night! Great way to end 2011.
Those are lofty expectations for Weeden. Seems like there will be a lot of pressure to have him at that level quickly.
It's berry season. Looking for a fun outing w/kids? Go to pickyourown.org to find a farm near you. I've picked blckberries & blueberries.
Never Overlook The Progress Of A Baby Step...Fresh
GOOD MORNING TWEEPS! IT'S FRIDAY :-)
“: Thank you for coming out to our match this morning! (:” Aww, YW! Was fun waiting on scores fr sal & will post pics
homework duh!
lmao. Alright! I thought of you when I smelt it hahaha xD
What do you call people who are afraid of Santa Claus? Claustrophobic. ~ Anonymous
this is exactly why I started working on - services like Edmodo focus too much on management :(
i'm so fucking tired ):
Brunch , a cafe. to National Portrait Museum for Annie Lebowitz exhibit.
A real warrior was lost today
I had fun swimming with my family! :]
me too(: We might have to sign a contract saying we promise to take eachother(:
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
"vision is not like a camera"
I'll just tell you the way it is. You ask me what time it is and I'm gonna tell you how to build a clock.-- Dick Dale
yeah not cool :/ she loses him every where one time i found him in a store by him self i was mad cuzz the lady didnt care :/
Ah! That's too cute.
In a perfect world for both Red Sox fans and himself... Josh Beckett would have 365 days off a year.
So glad you get to go this year!!!
lol bro all im saying is she got over 10 million views in 5days . which is true , for that same video your talking about .
why does everyone want to be like the world? you just cant get away from it.
This doesn't sound tasteless at all! Lifetime is going to air a reality show about Whitney Houston's family in the wake of her death!
I haven't been on here in ages. Maybe I'll keep the profile up and running this time, because I want to know what cool people are doing.
we're playing today, too and using that same joke, but it's not as far of a stretch for you guys. We're playing at 3 pm. haha.
It's sad that I have yet to start my homework.
hahah well im about to bomb a test if that makes you feel any better. Imu2
Hurry up summer.. finish the fuck school !
student Allison Lafferty BOOKED! 1st trip to India this fall to study yoga in its birthplace. Congratulations!
#UPA2012 = Exploring the need for everyone to demonstrate leadership & ways to make that happen
Girl in front of me at Ralph's today was buying diet pills and a BDay card.... Hm... Either they're unrelated or she's just a bitch.
Followed Love, Follow back? :] ♥ xo
Take heart #RSL, at least you got one shot on goal. =)
nun much
Want to make $1000's working 8-10 hours a week. Follow the traffic @ #MAWC2012 then contact me for details RT
I was going to ask the status! Have you been looking? Do you need neighborhood advice? I'm sure your friends have been help.
It seems that a couple of #ThingsThatINeed this morning include a Premium Roast Coffee w/ an Egg McMuffin w/ Sausage. Yumm!
"They basically tortured him for three hours. He was in a prone position he was unable to breathe." - Steve Heisler, Simmons' family atty.
James Burrows, living legend, director of Cheers.
I really think Jason Michaels signing with the will bring a shift of power to DC.
its not your fault, much like last year, there's really no good way to go about selling the speaker's position.
sup bro, still gonna use those beats?
There's a constant ringing in my right ear.
When I get pissed off, I take it out n so many ways
the painted hills burger? Yes, and its probably one of the best burgers I've ever had, hands down.
My thoughts exactly RT Feel the same about Couples Retreat. LOVE Bora, Bora. MOVIE was not so great.
I just had a pb&j an feeling good
Hey! Yes, survival was tough, but I made it! Where are you heading tonight??
Thank you! I am taking her to Banfield (in a Petsmart) have you heard of that vet?
if we cant get people to come to shows then we will get them to play them!
Beautiful storrow drive! It's been too long, Boston!
"I'm like an annoying little ten year old"
Just wanted to say THANKS to all of those who volunteered, performed, donated, made an appearance or simply attended Peace Day 2011!
Haha! I like it! You help me find the line of acceptable content. Whatever you say is just on the other side of it.
so you want to see it? haha (dark knight rises)...
Do you have a screen problem with your Dell Streak? Cracked or shattered glass? Dell Streak not responding to touch?
hi !! thanks so much. It was awesome to meet you
People are posting pictures of snow in Cleveland and here on campus I saw a girl in flip flops.
anniversary soon? Yea!
#10thingsIwanttohappen #Seattle being a recognized #fashion city by the world. Who's with me?
Devils are taking it this year. My team from back in the 90s. Reminds me of my dad and yoohoo bets.
#wheniwasacrab the two things I knew best was attention and push up position smh
British Aircraft pound a large headquarter in #Gadhafi hometown
After striking out twice in the same AB, Justin Upton hits a solo HR.
I'm good thanks and you? x
nope, same state, doesn't work and makes no political sense. Needs to be someone of color from a different state.
I don't see how people live without Internet. It's only been a week and I kinda feel like screaming! I feel so outta the loop on erthing!
had tweet limit and either wants to talk through DM or have me talj to you through my account. which do you prefer? :)
We'll be cheering on #TEAMCASA at the Baltimore Marathon tmrw! Stop by our booth at M&T Bank Stadium for more info on how to get involved!
The ones who like kissing~
mmmbrisket RT : welcome to texas. RT : Everywhere I go smells like BBQ.
Going on a helicopter ride tomorrow - a birthday gift from DH.
I'm doing great
Steve Jobs' death reminds me: If I'm not making some people angry, if I am not failing, I am not doing enough to realize my potential.
"We were somewhere around Barstow, on the edge of the desert, when the drugs began to take hold." - R. Duke (Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas)
We're expanding again!! Demand requires it & growth is a beautiful thing, especially in this economy.
In any coin of any realm
Trying to!
trying to be incognito by pushin a diff whip.
I don't want this love to feel like a battlefield!
Wish me luck! Tomorrow is my first day commuting to work on my bike! What do I wear?
what are you Hank Goldberg...no
i ain't trippppin about the lime light.
Pete, Do not get Ant started already. :)
app is available on iTunes!
because he new which schools would get uthoff to appeal and give his side.
I agree - much nicer in Sarpy! One of the reasons we stayed in Nebraska was because of Bellevue-Papillion and county atmosphere
we now have tutus for new borns,and beenie hats as well
It seems like every time I come home there's a FBI agent standing outside my door waiting for me.
Not sure whats happening on stage...next...
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity
It's perfect weather to take your Porsche convertible out for a spin if you're a middle aged lobbyist
I used to play "Gay or Youth Minister?" but it didn't matter what I'd guess because it was usually both.
OK - it took 3 minutes to download new Apple Store app and reserve an iPhone 4 for pickup at UVillage. Way to go.
Need to get back on #paleo urgently!!! Having a rough time :(
Asylum skate park! Tomorrow! Be there! We will be with The Things They Carried! Exclamation!
will play ya another new tune from Jack White right around 11:20a!!!!
it may be crazy but I might just go to an apple store at 9 and wait tomorrow. Cross my fingers.
There's a possibility of snow in upstate NY. Global Warming or has God finally lost it?
So in case you missed it of Buffy the Vampire Slayer is the newest cast member on an already stellar filled cast on
40% of all people who come to a party in your home snoop in your medicine cabinet.
That's Venus sparkling in the western sky right now. Check it!
Woke up late and missed the legend of korra:(
Illinois Coach Ron Zook looks exactly like Bill Lumberg....UW looks uninspired today.
You may delay, but time will not. ~Benjamin Franklin
there is a huge truck outside my window omg shhhh~~
Qponomics916 here, joining the social media club live via Ustream!
I just miss you. So. Much.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY WOMAN!!! I hope it's a great one, and I hope to see you soon! :) Xoxo
I couldnt stay mad at you even if I tried
You are correct!! Just being funny :-)
So I'm takin algebra 2 this year..and when I'm in class I can't stop thinking about song CrushOnYou :)
or maybe because you took my 5?
Gonna go dye my hair later :)
Train for a great cause! Register for one of our fall events & help raise money for cancer research!
Time to do a little bit of laundry and pack. It's my last day with Grandma. I'm excited to leave but I'm going to miss her.
i adore you.
your right I do, and I am its coming soon lol
Thanks! I'll need the luck, and please know I'm grateful for the support!
I am itching to make some new art work!
I love the nitelife...
I take note of the things my mom does .. and ill make sure NOT to do those things when I become a mother because its sad !
need mortgage advice when you move?
What are u doing?
#Weekend #Weekend #Weekend #Weekend #Weekend #Weekend #Weekend #Weekend #Weekend !
no only in the usa but our mobile website and app builder does 1app4.mobile
yes I am
WOW, I am stoked for Tonight! will kill it ! So many people coming!
Awesome! I'll be listening.
Haha I dont think so. No normal person gets annoyed of sexy girl
haha that's what Nana just asked me if you had school today lol she says she loves you <3 we love to shop :)
You call it a mistake, I say its a lesson #Live & Learn
high five!
tell john i got a pipe today... Very nice
if you haven't played with the strings on google homepage yet today, give it a go...
Hey hey hey
I can't explain it any better than I have. You know what you have told me in the past. I only am here to help. That's all.
boy im so bout it
ha you're the one tweeting in class
I'm so sleepy already -.-
about booty?
#DescribeYourVaginaWithAMovie something wicked this way cums
Retweet us to be entered into our drawing for a FREE LAPTOP
is immune to teenage awkwardness
good day for #miamidolphins a jets loss woulda made it a great day.
Thanks so much for your vote to #PreserveNYC. Tell us in a tweet: why does the matter to you?
Why do I always care so much more for others than they care for me?
#RunningWilde is so funny!
#ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin They Might Be Penguins
Cleveland pals, go watch , TV Crimes, and tonight at Late show, starting at 10Pm after Skate Night
i've gotta put this on my calendar.
Can't decide whether to celebrate Cinco de Mayo or the Kentucky Derby Sat... Mint juleps then margaritas anyone?
Q: Where can you go to get all-you-can-eat BBQ and unlimited beer? A: Duh, the Great Heartland Cookout (heartlandcookout.org)
how r u
just finish wood sheddin remember time waits for no man my past is just were it should be, history. My faith keeps me current thanks haters
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler. ~ Albert Einstein
Attend a high-enery live show & watch Black Dog Prowl do their thang TONIGHT I 8PM I $10 I
going to cry myself to sleep, night yall! Good luck tomorrow <3 -G.
Activity streaming of ambient writing increases situational awareness among participants of a shared event
that's so cute
I'm an over acheiver, so how about i start a team of leaders and pick up stevie wonder to be the wide receiver
Thanks for the tweet! RT : Nice video. I agree with you :)
Very proud of my NC for voting to support #CleanEnergy today. Glad she sees the HUGE econ. potential for renwables in NC.
Congratulations on veganism. Any suggested dishes for a non-vegan with some curiosity?
Bouta smoke a blunt of Loud Shitt #wake&bake
young and fly still
seems like a lot of people on there hopefully I can sell stuff on there.easily sometimes
Great Seats still available for the Blackhawks Vs. Red Wings tonight @ United Center Call us at 888-493-0004
New avi folks 😏
Be good or be good at it- fabulous words from
REALLY liking what im seeing out of City Hall these days!
There is no they, only us. Unknown
“: You ever notice that the people with the least money be dancing the hardest to the songs talking about having mad money?”((Chuuch))
twinkle, twinkle, little star.
who you tellin!
RT : What's your preferred .NET mocking framework? I like RhinoMocks a lot, but I'm seeing a lot about Moq and NSubstitute lately
This two minute situation is every little boy who wants to play football's dream...
Still have to file my taxes... Can't wait to see what I get back this year.
Nice I'm hiding in the back!
Eh, comes with the territory. Thanks! " I would say you're perfect for that role but I don't want to sound like I'm insulting you"
I love Shelock Holmes just as much as the last bloke. However, that doesn't mean I want London weather.
you sure bout datt??? Kuzz one day you might get your wish to come TRUE!! :)
Agreed. We'll never play it again.
Guys & Girls <<<< music
#smbmad #ford do we all have ADD? Roomful of twitter users says yes.
it ain't Sunday, don't do it! Lol
Two are BETTER than one ! :) :)
is almost finished unpacking!
What do you appreciate about your spouse? How many things can you come up with? Don't tell him or her, just tell yourself.
Yeah, I think that's where the $8 average comes in. The coasts charge $10 - $12 and everywhere else comes in at $5-$9
did you get your hair done yet?
There's gotta be someone out there that treats me the way I deserve...
why did you change your twitter to that?? lol
": I wonder how many followers ill lose if I start getting down into the knitty gritty."
I need a professional bass player at the crib right now!
A young boy, unaware of the legend he'll become
as long as I'm your analyst for the Baylor game! Haha
Off to Lexington for the weekend
Everyone have a good April fools day?
Great nonetheless!
Why do these get so attached ! Lol. Get it together
just ordered my ticket! See you all there!
Someone better get all the Hydrangea's out of Indiana before Madge gets here
ADELES MOM BUYS BOY CLOTHES FOR ADELE
Did you know that the average American ingests between 6,900 mg and 9,000 mg of sodium a day. We only need about 500mg.Put the salt down :)!
Trying running to music, an infectious beat gets you pumped up. Share your favorite song with us.
Today is all about me!! Hair done, pedicure flow, then photo shoot☺!! #AintNoHalfSteppin✌
I think that is everybody dream... Lol
Appreciate the mention!
When it comes to the pinch, human beings are heroic
Hey, thanks Jeff! As always, I'm looking forward to our next chance to work together. Happy New Year to you and your family!
By the time a person graduates high school, they've eaten over 1500 peanut butter & jelly sandwiches!
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Beautiful #may day :)
Are you a Tut Nut? Tell us your Tut story!
Looking for the pilot of the US version of the IT Crowd. Because I am a geek and… obviously I love pain.
So annoyed that I have to reset my phone :/ decided to not install a few apps like twitdeck & see how things go.
APhotolosophy says B/W and color traditional photography. Fine art landscapes, architecture, nature and our environmen
Niall: look, liam, its the worlds biggest hamburger! Liam: Niall, im afraid thats a hobo. I told you you shuldnt of had 9 burgers for lunch.
the ONLY one. <3 love yew.
I want to meet the dude who invented kites, because really… what? I can barely think of different ways to feed myself
At the Y bout to get a workout in on lunch! Tryna lose weight! #Cats on tonight hopefully a cake walk. This ain't #bloomington its
it also applies to other things like food,sex and business decisions.
Who runs this account?? I'm curious
what it is follow back
Almost done with my paper.. its been a long night
“ To a Gemini, Sex is a tension reliever, and they show a deeper side in the afterglow.”
that's not a bad thing Doll.
Happy Birthday to that Shiny Baby in that Barn in Israel! I heard He's goin to do Big Things!
when aren't we twins :) going late tomorrow?
Gotta go restaurant hopping along the million ethnic restaurants of buford hwy. Should i pick u up?
Crazy dream about a huge line to get into alex katz show at mfa. Once in, a series of intaglios that i had never seen. Katz portraits...
what a guy! Hope you have fun
Watching Boy meets world while smoking a blunt lol
Nickelback, the BlackEyed Peas, and LMFAO walked into a bar. This bar meaning, our lives. And this is our nightmare.
hi miley, miss yooouuuuu.
Don't you just love Saturday? I hope everyone spends the day doing something you truly enjoy!
Wait...Hold Up......Conceited Moment like
Tweety to Michael Steele: Name one thing Romney has written or said that explain his foreign policy positions........crickets........
On the Amtrak bound for Chicago!
For all our #DesMoines friends, keep an eye on the weather this weekend!
But where is ? RT At the National championship game!!!! Let's go!
<----- You know any good attorneys? lol
sounds like a proud herita.... oh.... my bad.
God made you a masterpiece. See yourself strong, healthy, accomplishing your dreams, and living His abundant life!!
well yeah. And a website :)
Gates are open! Tailgate for Red White game with
look at my last tweet! Virgin!! Here's your chance
Goodnight world. Peace and love to everyone out there
So for #POD12 #POD13 etc. how to get more sessions to be like the best? Let's push thru WikiPODia
It's April fools everyday on twitter!! Twitter kill ppl, twitter gangs, ratchet bathroom models, twitter thugs..
Your definition of 'weird' both underwhelms and saddens me. To death.
Tataki sushi in Lower Pac Heights. Have you been?
you are a lame dude you need to be fired so jr can take your place you faggot lmao
Good on you, Shannon!
Evening of firsts: watching first election returns of 2012 while playing with my new #GalaxyNexus & testing seesmic as new #twitter app.
Just came back from my band competition.
could they just take off the g and r from the beginning of their name? Guessing that won't fly. :)
IT'S STILL DOING IT. WHERE IS THAT COMING FROM? omg. This is creepy.
Sorry Kevin Durant, but I did miss your game winner cause I downloaded doodle jump...
The women haters are just jealous they'd never look that good in a catsuit and the men haters just hate because she'd kick their
What's goin in twitter world I will be releasing my new song self titled Dr. Robotnik!!! Stay tuned
has no swag and struck out against me everybody
Finally at the hotel. Goodnight.
Yikes! According to article 9 of 10 Sushi fish are mislabeled & virtually all Tuna. What are you getting? Something you wouldnt eat!
lots of fun!
Uh hike? I'm thinking airplane..
trying to do it my own way without God's help
Why do you think Thurman went through a phase of selling all his stuff?
Keep eating pace with the rest of the table
Hello and thanks for following Wow the headline on your page fits me to a tee. Are you interviewing by chance? Best wishes always.
Its my birthday in two days, the best present ever would be a tweet from you :)
I Gained 70 Followers by following this person !! OHH CHIZZ!!
Here in the US it's
i did go at 9
Herman Cain today -- "You look familiar. Who are you with?" Me - KARE 11, the local NBC affiliate. Herman -- "Are you one of th anchors?"
Have a friend tell a friend to follow RT
We are located at 4518 University Way. Let us know if you come visit.
pro creator. Any of ur clients struggle with cramps? Suggestions?
dogs aren't ticklish?
The new-look Gmail that Google accidentally told us about last week is now rolling out to all users. The changes, officially announced in
I spent my Friday night proudly watching cheesy movies with my buddy Julia :)
#pokemonpickuplines favorite thing ever
Happy First Day of Spring to all!
on a scale from 1-1637393934773 How excited are you to do the Chicago show?!?
I'm just ready too be at peace at bay
My ERJ family is too much they make me laugh!! Loving the service!! Santoooo jajajajaja lolz!! =D
Good night everyone (:
now im having some nice honey tea:)
Double Rainbow song is stuck in my head... xD
Making the third meal of the day- I don't recall doing this in ages.
Mexico here I come! Cocktail please.
LOL RT : Flowers in the Attic. RT Have any ideas for books that make great gifts for mother's day?
Looks good tho.
I wish there was an app that located all the pinatas in your vicinity.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!
This date in 1982, John Belushi died from an overdose of cocaine and heroin. His tombstone reads "I may be gone, but rock n roll lives on."
Twitter Don't Make You Famous
mi niggaaaaaa you bring mi baby right lol
"If he was a human male, he'd probably be a wife beater." My husband, describing our cat.
This girl mad cause she want me Android I don't want her
Thank you. Same to you.
I love your tweets. They're always the #classiest. Love you Codes!
I'll let him know! “: Tell Axle Rose no matter how upset he is with his group the Guns N' Roses super should accept HOF!”
: Do you realate to your Glee character Rory?
Nobody said life would be easy, they just promised it would be worth it!
Sexual repression affects the LGBTQ community to a much greeater degree than it does the heterosexual one.
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music? 13
Twitter the chairman of the Congressional committee on passing #SOPA let him know the people r against this hideous law
RT : Come out to support the youth internship program at All Pull Together Garden this Thursday. They're holding a......
I swore I'd never love again. I swore my heart would never mend.
Let's Go Yankees!!!!
where are u?
Thanks dude. Can't wait to write all the best words.
On a day that requires an umbrella, some words for U that I love: Unparalleled, Unexpected, Unique, Unlimited, Uplifting & Unbelievable!!!
Anyone else at the venue?? I just left to "eat" and im having like panic attacks lol X)
I just realized I will be down in WDW on Feb 29th...wondering if any of my whacko friends were planning on being there, running amok for 24?
Can we bid on those pole banners?
Smh got grown women acting immature as hell -_-
Contest: No winner yet! Become our 150th follower - 1 spot to go! & win the American Legacy TV "Blacks in the Military" DVD! Good luck!
Can't argue with 5 of 6 (via ) RT : honestly wonder if any team has attempted half as many squeezes as Brewers.
Next year’s Ultimate Home Showcase is scheduled for March 17&18 2012 at Expo NM (the fairgrounds)
I'm loving a cup of green tea right now. It is my perfect thing to do!
You did great man!
You never thought that hip hop would take it this far Now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight Time to get paid,
I just gave my old boards to a kid from the block whose deck snapped and couldn't afford a new one
Still more Voodoo at the Carson St Deli....Just put it on!!!
Looking forward to next weeks trunk show with It's going to be amazing!! 3/20 4pm-8pm
lol, :) You are WINNING :)
U Gne Get Me In Trouble Home Girl
I got a sunburn :p
that pick was the dagger!!!
digging that Avi Donna!!
Obedience to wisdom is the highest exhibition of intelligence and will never fail!
Some much for that "perfect" weather day they predicted. WOW did they get this entire week wrong. Ugh...Still waiting for the warm weather
The pistol of a flower is its only protection against insects. (The Big Bang theory in miniature).
CRASH: I-5 NB @ Jantzen Beach- left lane is blocked
maybe i should give u following suggestions
#winstonsalem council sets public hearing for almost $3 million in new public debt to pay for repairs to fire depts, sidewalks, rec facils
No problem ;-)
you need to KISS and focus on economic justice, that is the point that has the broadest appeal (cc: )
Check out my blog for my review of SHATTER ME by Tahereh Mafi!
What's ur top pick 2 win Sound Editing #Oscars2012? Drive, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Hugo, Transformers: Dark of the Moon, War Horse
“: Dear insecure girls everywhere, you're not ugly, society is. Sincerely, The truth.”
Omg u r bleeding r u ok?
Finished the work-book with Carl Gottlieb for first year filmmakers . This book will is great for, directors, writers, actors & producers .
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🍀
Pet peeve: When I spell "Pursuit of Happyness" & people are like, it's *happiness. NOT ACCORDING TO THE DVD/TITLE. It's meanttobe like that.
I'm in a time warp.
O come on,man. U got no lady fingers,fuzz buttles,snicker bombs, church burners,finger blasters,gut busters,zippity do das,or crap flappers?
treading water!
Couldve seen my boyfriend today but hes beinq a fuckinq jerk so I didnt.! Oh well I quess.!
Tried to buy some at Mitsuwa on Sat and was told USA no longer allows its import. Something about the dye. Only fresh now!
I officially LOVE this day lol
Thank you so much for supporting our work!
I selfishly want the #Devils to win just so I don't have to travel to see the Flyers....which means they are probably going to lose.
He did do that, though... Just it was the bad kind of it.
I have the weirdest dreams 
Bad day much?
It would be easy if I had a delete button on my heart.
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 25
I didnt see u n atl at all..u was ghost ;( we didnt hang out at all
How can you? He's played his butt off!
Question for : Worse dust storms? Phoenix or Iraq?
yes he is
when you coming over?
Women, children and baggage of the British prisoners will be sent to PA by ships while the men will march from Canada to Pennsylvania.
Looking for #Sexy #Men to #FollowMe and #Sexy #Ladies too . . . love #Music #Sex and #Men, how 'bout u?
#Running is a challenge... conquered 4.8miles today
haha yeah,let's ask her haha
Worst day ever ! -__-
hm ...I heard of someone licking the inside of a Wired Waffle bag today...they got it bad!
": our music bn helping real soldiers thru real ish..."can't katchup or cut da mustard best believe Im grindin"~M-Dot"
Memphis is the real deal. Too bad the Thunder are in their division..
Kevin continues his destructive behavior and DJs at Burlington tonight with Beth.
by 'looking at it live' we're an hour behind, but commentating is done live
Thank you!
“Anything is possible. You can be told that you have a 1-percent chance, but you have to believe, and you have to fight.” Lance Armstrong
oh I follow you a thousand thanks and nice night :)♥
I can't wait to move out
It's amazing to see so many people against Duke...amazing coach, program and school...does it the right way and wins but still the hatred?
Finally Ozil is in ! Too late
Looks like we did! Thank you for confirming!
RT : Do you write, post or RT news about Commercial Real Estate? Use the #CRE tag so we can find you...
I followed you back :)
well I'm not done with the book but i made it 2 chapter 15
Maybe -- have a friend who just started w/ the coordinated and is (or was) looking for some wheels. DM me deets?
Is there really a need to take finals?!!
thanks! let's keep up the momentum for
not videos, but written bits o'wisdom and experience on auditions . . . will try to forward one of those now on facebook.
It could be a whirlwind!
UK Ukmall damn day get out the way u fake KU this is UK all the way
Damn that was some damn good chick fil a:D
RT Nobody ever let Mason Kardashian watch The Truman Show. He'll be trying every emergency exit for the rest of his life.
same I've never been so Pissed
Let's go ferris!
I think I should stop playing with my new Ipod nano and get to work on some of my artwork before I have to go to work.
aw omg c:
“: that boy got on that same damn blue jean jacket..... AGAIN!?”=hahahahahah hell nah I already know who lmao
that is a strange pair of links you have there.
so i tell my mum im hungry and she goes and tells me to "go see if there's any work i can do" for skewl. K THANKS BITCH. LET ME STARVE THEN.
Charles about to talk his shit
It's one of my favorite holidays today. National High Five Day!!
You never miss the Ville. Whaaaaaaaaa? You playin hooky this year huh?
To celebrate St. Patrick's Day, we're serving Small Claims papers in our basic service area for $40.00! TODAY ONLY! Spread the word!
Obama made one of the most motivating and inspirational speeches I've heard in my life.
Crazy ass !
I wish I could repeat last summer in the Can. That was a good summer!
I cannot deal with people who put "doe" at the end of everything, like stfu
#Parents help your kids mature by letting them learn from their decisions made.
check the avy
Looked up and both my dogs had (unused) tampons hanging out of their mouths...what a sight that was.
sleeping got to go to work
Good luck tonight! You're always my first pick.
Even the realest people are fake sometimes
God gave us memories that we might have roses in December
I think the kids choose teams they like based on colors. Like Na likes the Vikings bcuz of the purple & gold. Too funny.
off to the information desk.
Writing copy for Great Lakes Mall.. a little piece of my heart goes into this one!
Are you kidding? In Oregonia, that will get you laid. In the yurt. And if you're a lesbian? U-Haul time!
It's gonna be a fun trip to the war zone today, I can tell already
I want cold stone /:
Weed doesnt change you... you just start realizing alotta shit
we jus have hella angels *close eyes bows head*
Uh oh pizza here smash time
come here!!!
Thoroughly addicted to #DrawSomething ... Who else is playing??
What's the biggest thing that happened in Az hip hop so far in 2k12
cause I'm cool like that..neenier neenier neenier
The messed moment wen u say some on look Gud and it turns out they the same sex as u
spinach noodles are soo good
watch that liver bro!! Loo
I get hurt pretty easily. I'm emotional. I take things to heart. It's how I am, and if that's something you don't like, then leave me alone.
omg my mom hacked my account right then
If the party really was that great, you probably wouldn't have taken the time to update your Facebook status on how great the party is.
Getting started on new tunes with , today! Boom!
I think the main reason why homeless people are so poor is because they only ever ask for small change. They should aim higher
Man I wish someone would have got knocked out lol
there are some ambitious college guys out there studying too.
come for the ride lata
Yep. refuses to go in that direction. Someone should attack that problem again
At last break Chef Mike had 32k and the combo of John Dolan and me had 30.
Know of a business who wants to run a #local #dailydeal with ? Introduce me and if they run with us YOU get $50!
Oh dear, I just got that "Dear xx" pitch, too...
just came thru the lab to hear the new beats Equator Line!!! Eeeeeaaasssttt!!!
A Black President who does nothing to address the historic racial divide simply makes things worse, as it gives credence to the status quo.
The baltimore jury duty system was almost as amazing as I thought it would be. Twice in 16 months in a city that has 600,000 people...ugh...
The problem with Nice and Cannes is who will want to stay inside and play poker?
Getting my twitpic account set up on my phone. You can ignore random photo links, or enjoy them as they should be enjoyed. :)
Can Tony Danza actually speak the English Language?
Sincere condolences to Bob Uecker and his family at the passing of his son Steve. Our prayers are with you and yours Ueck.
Lol!!!! Oh you think so?
omg your so cute ^.^ <3
Great seats! Enjoy the game! Look forward to tweeting this season!
On #ThankfulThursday, thankful to our friends at Thanks especially to Beth!
Cool surprise coming very soon plus the release of the new poster. And as always thank you all for the support!!
God Morning World!!! Let's make a great day on purpose....
I totally agree I'm ready to #passout!
good just making sure lol ;)
This movie is some form of cruel punishment
"If you're a cat you can't say #YOLO" -
Focus on being Competitive, Not Comparative.
Will legal/judicial principals applicable to traditional #software licensing apply fully to #SaaS subscriptions?
Registered for I get to take a choo-choo!
Have fun as you fly...
May the 4th be with you!!!
hello outhere twitter friends..wet and raining.. yuck.. where did my sun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! go
Mane this my status update in awhile thats probably whhy i dnt got no followers
take that you facebook pokers.
think it's a pretty big stretch to accuse the graphic of "demonizing" in the context of the story
I think "let stand in microwave" means "don't sue us when you burn the crap out of your mouth."
yes, I'm with both of you, but for the base #openstreetmap map I think we need to come up with something.
Hi, ! Thanks for finding me here! You look like a great follow, too!
niggas need to PUT UP or SHUT UP .......
today=1.9 million signatures recalling Gov Scott Walker. my union files for an election. OH YOU CAN'T SCARE ME I'M STICKING WITH THE UNION.
you guys look great. What a fun show this morning. Have a wonderful weekend.
I love strawberries.
I didn't get in free at lions tigers bears butt hole!
i need to be a A&R i know hits and talent and bullshit. Who i need to have a meeting with.
what station?!?
I think it's awesome that has a "Director of Social Media & DigiCom."
easy now, Debbie downer. ;)
Gonna go watch Doctor Who. :)
Guess I'm going to The Y Hate hooping in hot weather
Brad Meltzer: Your words are your power. Thank the people who have shaped you. Change the world around you.
running on caffine fumes and prayer today.
yes If you like?
Early Morning Dolls. 6AM flight to Chicago :)
Clean and Detail Your Own Car to Save Money - Lifehacker
I'm out here crying I'm so mad..
I'm bout to mush this girl in her face
This weeken it bout to be good going to the mountains and then already got da plans for spring break with bout to be hype:)
Um I'm thinking straight to #Paris from India for my Birthday. Anyone have recommendations on what to see and do?
There is no duty we so under-rated as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
Morning Tweeter Peeps!
Where words fail, music speaks.
Yes the island was hell
Goodness its windy today
agustin&#39;s blog: Researchers build optical transistor out of silicon ...
Yeaa ii seen it . what made you chanqe it ?
And that wasn't spam haha. Guys u'll enjoy the video
Can we share "Crucify" as OUR jam? Love it. Can't wait to check out the documentary.
Ve u looked @ his batting average the last 3yrs": He's a better hitter than this though. I am a little shocked."
Dear guy on the dance floor 'raising the roof', your not raising your chances of being laid.
Ryan: “Ayn Rand ... did a fantastic job of explaining the morality of capitalism [and] individualism.”
The awkward moment when you don't know one of your brothers science definitions...what the hell is fulcrum?
Thank you for all your support over the years! Do you have my new single, "No Fear"? Thanks again!!
lol yea I know not happy bout it
I sent u a bbm request. & u ignore it yo
A 1st for us: gluten-free, vegan, sugar-free, organic Oatmeal Fudge Chocolate Chip cookies, coming out of oven as we tweet. Available now!
Overlaying campaign #SuperPAC contributions with where #Obama fundraises using #GeoCommons with
Hope you had a great day! 😘
Interactive is essential. Imagine a perilous-looking trapeze changing/shifting in sync w/ performer.
haha yea well that's nice! I mean I like traveling.. Meeting new ppl, seeing new places, but it's also good to have a break :)
Why did I wake up with Bone Thug's For the Love of Money in my head? Is that today's theme, lol?
I miss #BlockBuster. I wish we still had one in decatur.
You miss EVERY shot you DON'T TAKE.
Freshamn get on my nerves tbh. They don't know how to act most of the time.
whens this storm going to come?!
And yeah, this is the worst I'm having to deal with. I should be extremely happy. I am not. Deal...or don't.
hey girl!! Miss ya. Hope everything is going good. :)
Just another manic Monday....
absolutely BS. Problem is all companies make their crap worse & worse to squeeze more profits. #DukeEnergy sucks!
thanks for the follow. Funny jokes, good job.
What happened to the Dude from Back to School that isn't Rodney Dangerfield, RObert Downey, or Billy Zabdka?
will be able to make it better for you tomorrow night! Sorry about the shut-door from club tonight.
Way to end it Corey, but.... RT Please let Rickie's hand be okay..... :-/
so much pain =/
justin i luv u loads im ur biggest fan i'll luv to meet u in perso if i could x JB love ive got bieber fever x
I like Stockstill, desrvs a shot but prefer to bring in new blood, ideas. Need to change culture
you told us to come here for news about operations but no news for a month and your servers are down. 2nd morning in a row.
Oh, the Trans-separatists are going to hate this show. Just the title will wrangle them.
Hoping for no drama tonight.
Same here, happy New Year.
Don't look now but the Astros are creeping. 33 games back
Sanduk Ruit: Nepal's &quot;Magic&quot; Surgeon Brings Light Back To Poor - International Business Times
That couch has never looked so cool.
For those of us who need numbers to back up the benefit of meditation,here there are http: www.naturalnews.com/031228_meditation_brain.html
I would... But i aint drinking for no irish man.
I miss talking to you.
Why do you think there was a 37% increase in injuries from 2005-2008?
SAME. Thank goodness for podcasts and live tweets on
i think i just revived them :D
Awesome class with Danielle! Thanks for everything!
Its our picture day also
Tanning while listening to 11:11 (:
infected anal gland, had to be extracted and flushed.
Hi tweet me. Jb fans follow l follow back :)
" I feel u brah on that me time shyt...fuck around n hit dat jack pot. movie after movie nikkas can't
the tweets have definitely slowed down since 3 hours ago. everyone is sleeping.
America&#39;s Undiscussed Pregnancy Problem
“: I cheated on my fears, broke up with my doubts, got engaged to my faith and now I'm marrying my dreams.”
Acting out in mother's clothes, dreaming dreaming no one will ever know
lol the free gift with the purchase of a nickelback ticket is another ticket straight to HELL free of charge
Aha i just remembered me & 's conversation about buying a pony & naming it sparkles #BucketList :)
Bahrain government moves to disband Shia opposition
I hate that people think I'm mean and they never even got to know me! Maybe I should smile more! Cause I'm really nice! 😁😁
I think maybe you're right! Thanks Kells :D
I have a twitter, therefore follow me.
I am this year. Im transfering next year
Loving today
RT : Grab a pizza from Mike and Aaron at Fireside! Sounds Great!!
I need a female who can shoot video. I'm shooting a bachelorette boudoir party that will be put up on YouTube... please send me referrals!
Good luck! RT It seems like I'll be having to head out to Chad earlier than I thought for Darfur United. Wow. Gotta move. |
Loading day! We begin rehearsals for ART at the Cultural Arts Center today Preview Fri evening, 2/10. Official opening on Sat, 2/11
If a guy wants you, nothing can keep him away from you. If he doesn't want you, nothing can make him stay.
THIS! RT #NevaTrustAGirl who is a #Chicago #bears fan
Tonight, at The Republic House! Start time 8:30p for food & drinks and CT4 live! 12333 West Avenue (via )
I saw at Village Pizza tonight :P I don't watch kickin it but I recognize him. I <33 village pizza sandwiches :D
RT “: Girls with pretty smiles are my weakness....”--- same with boys!!!
RT : found that 13% of ppl exp #homelessness in the #rva region have gone through a foreclosure (as owner or renter)
Whitey's caught, OJ confesses, what's next?
S/O To on da inquiry
I hate seeing victoria's secret models. Not every girl looks like that
Just overheard this. Guy 1: "What's a good stock that's cheap?" Guy 2: "One that will shoot up, like, today"? Guy 1: "Yeah, that one."
you're the man hulk. keep at it. id love to tatt you next time you're ready.
When I hear that sound its either a teenagers rice burner with a folgers can muffler or someone is trimming their hedges -
your a mom and its a parent thing your baby is not a baby anymore :-)
Very tired. Sleep would be a wonderful thing. Caffeine and rehearsal will have to do.
and I were talking about how he looks so different without it! Hahah
I knew it had to do with the darkest timeline!
Oh god yes. RT GO to The Counter El Segundo TONIGHT for $1 Mudslinger Brown Ale & $2 Hinano Tahitian Beer 4PM-CLOSE.
-- your show is part of the healing and moving forward process. Here's to your mom. :)
OMG! You are talented. That's beautiful!
Am not free at 4 pm today. May be best to email or I am free at 3 pm today.
thanks hope all is well with u!
Can't get my darn twitter acct to work....let's try again...
The Western Conference is likely to represented by a weak team. The 40 win Kings or the 42 win Coyotes? Yikes.
¡Cuy especially! Where are you in Peru currently?
Beyonce did that!!!!
Good luck today and with your audition for the X Factor!!! Your going to be great!! (:
Thank god im leaving campus.(:
Doin good its Friday, you
Thanks for the follow
Morning world :D I sleep a beauty queen after her big win ^_^
Interview portion of documentary being shot next weekend, this week will b dedicated to research and fine tuning Q & A
e. I ask you to receive and love him. His name is Jesus Christ. Now say quietly: You can enter, Lord, I need you, cleanse my heart with your
Did you know that magnesium is 30% lighter than aluminum.
And getting not that much production from Elton Brand
Waiting for to take the stage
"I pregammed my einsteins this morning with a mcdouble"
im so sorry chica. I wouldnt have paid her after that. Did u?
it's OK. Everybody already knows to not go to you for your hockey knowledge.
North korea launched.....good job Obama
Thanks for choosing to make us a part of your evening!
Fellow creative types will agree - : "Sleeping is no mean art: for its sake one must stay awake all day."
listening to i love her music:) IM A SWIFTY!
Mob thru brooklyn; I am clod hearted; I seek up on you like japan did pearl harbor... I am fire stater back draft lol blancos !!!
Such a nerd my mom got me sweet new pens for Easter
#ThingsIReallyCantStand- people who think they're better than you so they think it's okay to be rude to you.
That's why we're planning on NOT requiring a log in to make an online purchase. However,
That really should have read
Hey everyone! let's start a Trend!
Stuco gets me so excited for senior year! :)
and i'ma be in the library tomorrow if u wanna get on
At board meeting for Progressive planning for the future!
Check out the preview for Transatlantic-More Never is Enough at www.radiantrecords.com. Pre-sales began today.... Releases on Oct 25th.
Style points for citing a 1973 article from L'Homme!
hey guys do me a favor and retweet my last tweet if you agree. I dont think im the only one.
got a new LG TV, screen was cracked and not from shipping, LG will not warranty it. Shame on you for building your product in Mexico.
this week in US History I am teaching Reconstruction
Unfortunately as long as guys like Pedro Gomez are voting, deserving players will be left out due to unwarranted "suspicion"...
think you should prove yourself first my man then make whatever you want!
Actual ad for seminar: "Account Management for Marketing Communications Firms Like Your's is Getting Tougher." Next seminar: spelling.
Amazing bands playing today at the Phoenix Epilepsy Walk for Epilepsy Awareness Month Thank you and for performing!
Andy Samberg...where do you live in this city. We have to go on a date. It just has to happen.
I feel like I have so much cleaning to do. I just don't have to motivation to do it.
sh*t! Id rather be in miami then in this litle hoedunk town! Lol
Check your link. Funny how 1 missing letter can really change the message ha!
I will but later hahaha coz he's mad at me for some reason hahahah
Just got word that we will be on Fox 34 news this Thursday with Nicole Garza! Live on location ! 6:30am-9am.
that's the dumbest thing ever, he's basically TRYING to get people to pirate movies going forward.
Taking pics in the photo shoot with him playing with the ball singing dancing talking yeah:)
Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think.- Dale Carnegie
That's what we like to hear! :)
You can blame Chris and Jack for that one. Chris for getting married and Jack for picking this weekend for the bachelor party.
Be our 100th follower & recieve a FREE 20 minute, 2-needle, Stress Reduction treatment!
Thanks my fav ATL doll": ": Off to the tropical beaches bye bye US see u soon."<-- Have a safe & fun trip honey!"
u look so familiar
Hard to get back into the swing of twitter, when I've been off for a while.
Omg RT : pan-fried, seasoned white fish on corn tortilla, w/ shredded cabbage, avocado, cilantro, & yogurt lime sauce
No but seriously, this is about to get hella messy. Idk what to do .
wonder how the "social security is a ponzi scheme" will play in the florida primary.
So, who did you find? re: museum tweeters
how many games did Syracuse lose by 30+ points?
When ever is Back in Chicago im there. Everytime i see yall in concert its just an EPIC experience each time.
I wish that all the ladies were bells in a tower...
I hope comes to DC on his Buried Alive tour.
You should post recommendations. My book club is meeting tonight to discuss 50 shades and I want to impress them w/ good smut.
Good luck, Griffin! Get after it!
#itsawkwardwhen some farts in the subway! In
S/O thanks luv!!
we are always running for the thrill of it, thrill of it!
Accessability wise...not politically!
you're obese
youre a bitch
I feel like my tweets mean nothing... they are fun, but nobody reads them... so why am I typing this. It's like a parodox...
A Wise man once said "Increase the Peace! Silence the Violence!"
To all HR Managers, save time now you can order your Birthday Office cakes with us - 855-454-4500 will deliver it to You ,. !!!!
it was ok... Cam Gigandet is total eye candy.
Last day of spring break, going to the mall with my best friend (yaaaaaay).
Tony Horowitz is as witty on the stage as he is on the page
My nails are all ugly and messed up now! D:
Bret Victor gives two different talks at Berkeley this week, and I miss both due to scheduling conflicts. bummed.
Hoping that everyones friday has started out well so far.
Weekend Special on Music Videos of all types. $250. includes one HD camera setup with lighting w/ video editing. Contact 412.417.0952
“: Calvin Johnson, Hines Ward and Orlando Hudson all in The Jungle today.”. Gotta listen to my dude Megatron!!!!
That was the best shower of my life 😁👍
lol you both said that! You're right, that's where the weirdest freaks are too!
Lamar, where's my Harper's?
I go by the same theory. happy Holidays
Shakespeare is the most quoted author in the English speaking world. It would be hard to find a %
Design Tip: Clear out the clutter in one of your rooms to feel refreshed for the new year.
booboo Stewart and Justin bieber<3
Good morning, morning
haha why's that then & I passed it x
Nope! Just need to be in the general vicinity and serving Milwaukee area brides. Just added you! :)
Thx for mention!
Proud to see the amazing in the line up for #CMF12. Hat's off to new voices in #causemarketing and
Crab cakes and boiled shrimp for dinner with Jimmy Buffet background music. Tampa, FLA style.
Pour me another so I can #forget you now
who cares! It's not like I'm going to date the kid
RT : Is This the Ugliest Mona Lisa?, A Presidential Vacation #Art Guide for #Obama, and More Must-Read Art News:...
also I am hungry.
Headed to Phoenix and Denver for #sportsbiz meetings through Monday. Annual conference week follows. Busy is an understatement.
Ok, time to head out. Nervous as fucking fuck.
how else is he going to make you nervous about the incredible destructive force and beauty of a thunderstorm?
Damn Bulls what a disappointment..
It's Saturday night in #Vegas, I want to do something! Any suggestions?
Another sunny day!
New obsessions:
Q: What's your big wish for 11.11.11. day? Make it a great day!
I'm into drinking my coffee black.
thanks! who knew the king county courthouse could be so romantic? ;)
Checking the gate/chip, speed, reset, hot tips...etc. :)
same problem here D:
When gum looses its flavor<<<<<
that would look great on the wall in my living room behind your Macfarlane's!
Lebron brought his talents to south beach, too bad he forgot to bring them to the finals.
go follow plz... i just wanna jerk ;D
Ha! RT Bruce Wyman, digital strategy speaker at #MW2012 by day, closeted auctioneer by night.
I think you're right. For the record, I wouldn't mind a little Outback in this town either.
March and Rally with Librarians this Labor Day! More info at www.savethelibrary.org.
Big Bang Theory and Mountain Dew! :)
wherebouts? It was like a candy store on Atlantic n Cyphris n Fulton Ave was off the hook!!! U wz wit Monkey r Treeno?
Did you know we have build your own Pasta bowl. Come in try it, we know you will love it.
Getting ready to go to a graduation party for one of my girlfriend's friends. Why do I feel so old? haha!
When I get back home from vacation, I'm goiing to go on a diet
wish I could get there but they've just cancelled hundreds of flights :( I wish I could be there have a wonderful day
Mebe just for a lil bit...
my mantra, with a few excpetions of course.
Thanks to all my followers.
thanks for the #FF :)
I fucking hate waking up in the morning more than I hate my worst enemy
I think "coding" is from the coding sheets used to mark punch cards. Hire a great ape to do your coding. You guys are smarter than that.
researching CIA mind control experiments in the 60's. Very Interesting.
My next run will be from Lake Mills High School at 4:50pm. Any Bunny there ?
are you coming to my spin class tomorrow with ?
thank you
Shawty go hard concrete
son & I watching #chelsea vs #arsenal on ESPN. Good soccer in action.
Thanks for the follow
Best in Albuquerque...great customer service, we've used them multiple times for repairs and they did an excellent job. Pricey but worth it
So thats all I can think of it a mc chicken.
But seriously, , I’ll miss you!
I have no idea what Romney said on that clip.... O_O huh? - okay, I'm also eating chips... :)
So the man that destroyed companies, shipped jobs overseas & robbed hard-working Americans of their retirement $ wants to "fix" the economy?
is it ready yet:-)
your a god
You are welcome Enjoy the weekend ^^
RT if you think #TWITTER is addictive!
missed you last night at the #poshparty - I'm in Eli withdrawl - let's plan a catch up date!
you have the best tweets (:
this is gonna be a funny night probably gonna lay someone out this should be good >=)
It's weird in Sweden how they ALWAYS seem to ask about food allergies without even any prompting in restaurants.
Jersey shore time
night night <3
I didn't even notice retweeted me. He followed tweeted and retweeted me all in a week. Omg<333
Shopping with Samantha Allen!!!
Lift off
Huge, huge game.
70% of African American Women are unmarried?!?!? African American Men-
but none of us have school, so why should we? We can sleep all dayy.
oh no, that's effed up. Does the camera shop have security video so the cops could find this person?
Just got home<3 (:
business good ride or die ex mgr &personal controlin women don't mix folks gotta know they role&lane.ijs
that's unfortunate, you should tell him how you feel
I just saw a dead kitten. I just got really sad. :/
I'm sure it was some kind of accidental oversight by the #Emmy people! :)
I cut my own hair & it looks good!!!
yes, it's part of the new NBA Gametime app but costs $45 for the season.
i dare you to retweet this and follow me... I bet you 10000 dollars you wont though. -_- *sigh
...and yet those recently deceased are called "late." Therefore an early shade is all the more awkward...
engagement was a push too. we get a new word and it's like a shiny new pet.
You still looking for a place in May? Ima talk to my dudes.
We had some nice recordings with the smi #eyetracking glasses at lund eyetracking academy in lund
thx love! Happy to have you on our team... Amaze job this week! Def. needed you;)
Bout to catch the Midnight Showing of Hunger Games with the crew!! Should be good!!!!
thanks very much buddy!
RT Big wish of the day: Talk in court IF a jury gets seated today trial's opening statements could begin late this afternoon.
Hell is where the chefs are British, the mechanics French, the lovers Swiss, the police German, and it's all organized by the Italians..haha
Never seen someone ask to give another person his 'coldest regards'..
All my electronic devices are going so slow today.
Looks like you are doing great work! How can I be of assistance?
last song of 1st set on fat tues in Madison, I jumped off a short bench. Landed wrong. Boom. Right knee. Going for MRI today.
Thanks! you too!
#jhumda I like following Great info related to class.
#ShelsOnSunday 3000+ downloads & views.. lets keep it going!!
awesome!! Cant wait! See you there!
Someone just texted me and said "It's a boy!" and I don't have a clue who it is. Uhh....Congratulations?
Good news everyone has taken over the web building duties! As a cofounder member and main artists contributor we are very excited!
Oh so excited for work today..oh wait.. I'm just ready to move and get things going
Hey G you making it out to practice tomorrow!? Good 2 c u there!
I can seriously barley breathe.. Iloveyou so much
Oh shit me either lol I'm still at work :( I have an hour and 15 mins to go :/
I want to get the fuck out here.
1 more day until Christmas-any Christmas Eve plans?
Everyone go follow , so he will have 5k followers and go to sleep. :)
Got a PINK paw cake order for a lucky doggie #whoohoo #Atlanta #dogs 🐶
When you get right with yourself you will meet the right people.
What do you think of ? I gave it a whirl, but didn't get sucked in.
The thought of me being happy slowly disappears the moment I think about you :/
And that's all she wrote. Playoffs? See ya!
I've joined H-Diplo. The world has ended.
SHUT UP FRANKIE! I hate you for that tweet.
The after-parties are going to ROCK! Buying a VIP pass gives you access to all things Festival!!
what's her twitter?
Hiya new followers. :3 welcome to Jessica-ville.
definitely ! Need to get this brace off and then Ill be a chillin machine !
Moving onto Q & A. Madelou's been asked if the medium of cell phones changes the story
even if i popped some pills i wouldnt tap that (: lmao
Georgia and meridian
But nothing can be changed until it is faced
just finished a break practicing Beethoven's "Moonlight Sonata." My pinkies are sore from that octave +1 reach! Back to homework...
Although my mileage is a little down this week (35) it was a good week. 1 long run (15) 1 hill workout & 1 interval session.
not French but i know French :)
is now a TRUE "PAKALITE!!!"-www.cdbaby.com/pakman1
i love u twitter followers u make my day
Hey! Chinquapin School in Houston TX. How are you?
I looked into Big Data for edu, we're really far away. So much more would need to happen through apps. Convo is premature.
Fortunately, as we all learned from the conductor, you can get close to Sea World on the trolley, which you can get to from the train.
Once again, the Rangers PK is significantly more dangerous than their PP on offense.
oh, us too!! RT : Best thing about Mondays? Relaxing to a new ep of at the end of the day.
"Sometimes I hear you calling From some lost and distant shore I hear you crying softly for the way it was before"
Getting ready to attend a webinar on social media strategy for business... Hope to learn lots!
it is getting toasty outside perfect #beachday ft lauderdale
The is this week ! Weather is perfect and the golf should be even better. Good luck to all of the players!
Fire Fighters Issue Statement on the Death of Osama bin Laden
Jersey, i'm coming for you.
5 year old girl riding bike, helmet had a tiara on top of it
Packing up the apartment. Looking forward to the future. :-)
MUHH EYES HURT. I need sleep, goodnight.
that's certainly the case up in Portland.
iPhone users thought we was special lol U can still b LAME usin whatever phone u use! What's da debate about?
Good Luck!
"Put him in a body bag johnny"- Brandon's favorite line from this movie
.........O.K. Richards is a HGP, The Timbers Cheat,..... can we get back to complaining about MLS scheduling already???
Of course he did. That's awesome.
#YouNowAskAlexandRobert How tall?old are you and Robert?
Dude, can't wait for this RT : May 8th 2012..._b “ Release date?”
RT2WIN Contest coming up soon! Who do you want to see at for FREE?! Stay Tuned...
Oh snap, diddy jump!
Watching "Game of Thrones" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Love your POV. Ever heard of 60s Sandstone Retreat? Gay Talese wrote in "Thy Neighbor's Wife." I wrote a screenplay.
Pajamarama Banjo Jam Band. Yup, that's us. #PJBJband (cc )
You only live once.
sure are you depositing the money into my account?? ;-)
Congrats. Well deserved. You're going to crush it. I have no doubt.
(reading it now as well as I can) What was your question that she says you didn't answer?
people chill all night at a club but wont wake up to go to church. you coulda been raped or shot. you ignore the one who watched over you!
#TRUTH Some people linger in our lives. Its best we ignore them. RT": if u dont entertain a fool eventally they go away!!"
Wife always said chorizo is the kind of thing that sneaks up on you at night. #Brewers #WheresChorizo promo proves it.
Ever had questions about the structure & functionality of public spaces in KC? Get answers today with a Brown Bag Lunch Talk 12-2
And what is your favorite English phrase? I'm torn between "We're freeing up your trust fund" and "We have an open marriage."
fingers crossed for something really great that I have been working on to happen. PLEASE HAPPEN!!!
Hahahahaha! I love you man!
#nisoEbook Eschenfelder rent vs loan anxiety goes back to 1990s citation databases, ejournals. Licenses initially viewed as non-negotiable.
Oh my. good choice! you will now live to see another day.
didn't notice, but I'm thinking not.
oard how you get in? help ah nigga out
I can't tell you the last time I bought a pair of sneakers...probably over 5 yrs ago..I just don't wear them like that.
It's official...I have a tapeworm. That's the only explanation for the non-stop eating...I've named him Rupert!
Can't wait
Ok RT “: I woulda called 2Pac westside but he did get around b4 landing there. Kurrupt also”<--- they both west coast
Sorry, I chuckled while reading this and the idea struck me. Please forgive my mad bit of Interweb tomfoolery.
big booty chick back a nigga to the wall
I hate waitinq, but for u i'll wait the lonqest b/c babe ik ur worth it<3
My life is an incarceration.
Are you just drinking margaritas the entire time you are there?
it's cuz you taste so good.
DONE WITH AP EUROPEAN HISTORY FOR LIFE. THANK YOU GOD!
RT : Watching shoot threes at practice warms my heart. #Spurs/Grizzlies
Coming up at 6:30 Eddie Johnson talks about the tough decision to retire
Restoring AD for a customer, with Commvault.
Can't.believe this is it for
I hope will get a hat trick to win today.
lol c'mon fellas! gotta respect these ladies, they belong to the Lord
keep up the good work, yo boy H
I'm watching with a short delay so we'll sometimes hear yells from the guy downstairs. It's rather funny.
We are proud to be a part of Asheville Earth Day.
obviously needs more eyeballs on her blog, FB, HuffPo articles.
we are watchin too!! I was hopin Gordon was gna be in that first wreck. Still more time!!
I have developed a list of 27 reasons why the Flyers lost last night.
You do a damn good job RT Gotta keep my body sexy
Finally nailed double unders. Took me months, but finally got it!
thanks for coming ! It was great to see you! =)
Thanks for the #FF shout out!
It seems like the last couple of times I've been there I've ended up seeing you, working or not, heh.
lmao. did mommy ever give yours back
Poised Creation network is continuing to be built.
I hate when I leave pills in my mouth when I'm going to get a drink.
Nice to meet more fellow writers:
Charities and care providers claim that eight hundred thousand people are lonely, isolated and at risk.
Im so bored!:/
We are here if you need us oklahomahomerepair.com. Have a great day and God bless.
Tonight ku will show everyone that he is the greatest basketball coach of all time. He can win with any 5 players you give him.
Ladys Follow My True Bro Real Nigga Baby...
GoodNight yall I tried. I voted for all day today I hope we win and get that USTREAM 1-4-3 stay mindless please follow back
Gonna have to add a "finding a fucking seat at Starbucks" line to my invoices. Ugh
OMG, it doesn't get any more cute than that. <3<3<3
The best way to contact me is via email at help[at]teamtreehouse[dot]com - thanks!
Pop up sale in East Atlanta Village. Fri & Sat, 12 to 8 pm at 493 Flat Shoals Road. Designer clothing, shoes and vintage starting at $5.
I TOLD YOU...I CAN'T YELL AT YOU WITHOUT ACTUALLY YELLING...
Great one handed catch tonight...that was sick..
Yup....just had examples of odd and even numbers explained to us.
what is your favorite music score in a film?
wow he wont to kik it wit me i bet he thinks hes gonna git sum lol that will take time he cant play wit me thats old news i need new news
Who wants to give 3 desperate guys a ride to java jam?
RT : There's still time & room to join me & for our Connect Membership Dinner! Doors open at 5pm!
Shes got you high and you don't even know yet
I find my phone only rings when I am in the shower.
Dame watching the Nightmare Before Christmas lol wondering what Vinny's doing lol i love u
We need to do something together
M Goodmorning world! Guess I should get up!
he is going to play 3B. The news just said he doesn't like it, but he is going to do it...
Happiness lies in good health and a bad memory. -Ingrid Bergman
get it!
be safe on ya drive back
If children hear fine music from the day of their birth and learn to play it, they develop sensitivity, discipline and endurance.-S. Suzuki
Very cool!
Let's go play in the water, you can borrow my rolling stone t-shirt
Going to spin class tonight...with my dad O_o
I was subbed to about 300 channels. I can't get into the old channel to see who all was there.
So true! RT : Every high-tech option needs a low tech back-up.
