Dependent white woman: so either you're dusty or disrespected? ....
hai sending you fan mail I hope you reply ! (:
Lovely! I am not a LV shopper but those windows are truly inspiring. I hope one day you'll walk by in
Today: dance audition on pointe, stunt class and bellydancing! Love busy days!
Football is gayer than I am.
Weird, it just made me ever more hungry...
I turned my television to the ENCORE channel just in time to see Beyonce kill a bitch in the movie "Obsessed"
Good thing I have as my best friend . I'd probably get jumped every day at school otherwise lmao
oh she can
q3) orgs should use twitter for interactive chat with customers. Had great response from US Air a few weeks ago.
Yay! DVR set! RT I'm on tomorrow at 11am with cute kids in adorable spring fashions! 10 kids in 1 studio...
twas lovely seeing you two!
What is your take on the For-Profit EDU sector if student loan rates go up?
Don't have a son to take to work, so I brought the SUN out. You're welcome. Enjoy him quickly, because he's likely to take a nap this PM.
Now yer talkin! “: ..Both??? RT:": Coffee flavored pizza, or pizza flavored coffee, for breakfast?"”
thanks. i'll try my bestest :)
gettin ready to go home wassup with u
Come see the Go Fast Pass promotion next Thursday at the Steel City Pregame ESPN 1360am!!
I'll Dm you it. Okay.
so.. just created Facebook and Twitter Google+ business pages... thought I'd see how long I can hold on to them lol
One door closed a few more opened
I saw Skull and I was like oh shit I have to watch this. :p
Just received my third "Grove - I just have a really quick question re my tax return..." text of the day. Happens every year. Happy to help!
its actually the wizards
Lazy days, beautiful nights, bachy hair, water fights, hot guys, tanned skin, schools out, SUMMERS IN.
LEGGINGS ARE PANTS. Period (that's one period for emphasis and two for punctuation).
so are white washed jeans.
Perfect spot for accountant, want to be close to Old Town, I40 and hub zone, starting $299 dm me if interested
I want it to be friday. These week feels long it only tuesday!
That's wat happens when youngins try to be adults too quickly
Lmao #inmyfeelings RT I feel like a conversational lush RT : your intoxicating my mind
what was the adapter you use to display your iPad screen today? Does it work for iPhones?
RT : Big Happy Birthday Shout out to my Dude Dyson!!!! From The entire Citi Team!!!!
thank you lovely! :)
Finished shooting for the day - enjoying the beautiful weather in the market area of #UnionSquare :)
Just got it. Not sure if we'll be able to get someone to your show, but we'll def try. And we'll review CD/preview show too
Ah Punk you're so random (: Just 2 funny :,)
Reading whilst getting my tan on.
Follow me !! <<< thats my personal<3
I heard 4-9pm on the Biden motorcade. Can you confirm?
Poor Japan. Hopefully things get settled and safe sooner than later.
CAUSE I SAID.
did u get my message babe? :)
So push it--isn't seeing clearly key to CSL? And the love of God undergirds most of his mission. No? And if no, why not? :)
Do you mean off of Cottonwood & Magnolia?
there's no way the new dark knight can be as good as the last one
alright then xD
Reminder: Regular Meeting tonight at 7:30. We'll try to keep it brief so there is more time for hacking.
Barrett had an excellent day of campaigning. #Wiunion has your back, as you move #Wisconsin #FORWARD ~The focus is on Friendship and Good.
Seriously considering seeing The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel while friends watch The Avengers on Saturday. WHAT, GET OFF MY LAWN!
The strong #Catholicism in #Cuba testifies: Cuba is #Communist b/c those controlling world #Democracy had no love/concern 4 the Cuban poor.
Otis: Dad tried putting a collar on me and every time I bark something on the floor bites me. I can't find whatever is biting me!! Hm
Hmm...I tend to think it would make them more relevant as long as they stay tuned in and advanced in trends and culture ^lb
next goal 11million followers...lol...no chance of following back me....follow please!!
Have a great Friday and a relaxing weekend. See ya!
RT : New York city >
Just got my Cupcake to eat as I watch #CBS Two Broke Girls, Tonight on CBS.
So excited can't sleep I wonder if he'll see his shadow
This Aint The End,,.............Im More Like The Must Be Continued Issue.
What douches. What did they expect if they didn't want to help you promote the show??
I covered ur rally today. Regardless of u feel about her stance, how is it appropriate for you to label that way?
Katherine perry !!! LMFAO
Amazing! how are you?? :)
lol im just sayin yeah its fun to do trust me but damn
RT THIS GET DAYDREAMING TRENDING!!!!
thank you Irene. Bless you. :)
Despite the loss, we still love this team. Time to really get it back together and win some games. At least it wasn't a shutout.
Day off today, hot outside today trying to get the car wahed & waxed. Now, sitting on the back deck B.S'ing with friends.
I'm kind of loving this weather
#SuperBowl weekend... A low carbers nightmare. Don't worry there are good low carb foods that are football related. Chili is mans best bet!
The greatest oak was once a little nut who held its ground.
Looking for new technical writing opportunities.
Ok lesson learned... Don't book jazz gigs in Kentucky. Lexington is dead town. Glad I'm out of there. Never again.
Got carried away cherryjam cultured butter w/sea salt, WG, tofu, hummus, sprouts galore!!
i got this feeling that someone knows my password for fb
should arrive nearly on time after all.
If you don't get it then you probably don't got it...
.RT : Audio is terrible. Everyone sounds like they have a tiny little man trapped in their pocket, trying to be heard.
ADD ME ON FACEBOOK IF U HAVENT ALREADY FOR 21 AND UP www.facebook.com/ChristNazon
Seeing all the new messages make my day. :)
We'll be at the Lehigh Valley #Autism Walk in a week. Can't wait to see everyone there.
get to see my sister today and hopefully my two wonderful nephews. (:
Out and about downtown.
Hello Sarah, thanks for the follow. Looking forward to sharing.
Are there any Pirates fans left after yesterday?
Not if that is what she wants. If she is motivated, I foresee a well-rounded adult.
matt b, you still need followers, lmfaooo
Big debut performance today for Jerry Brown! Send us your love.
yikes! At least you had an amazing dinner and lots of applesauce. Stay safe :)
missed the inaugural lunch in UTC w #BoudinsIs2PACtoUS!
let me know as soon as you look it up! :)
Haven't tweeted in YEARS...
Jazz/Funk tonight at 8pm. Find out who runs the world!!
IF YOU HATE JUSTIN BIEBER OR SELENA GOMEZ I HATE YOU!:)
": Morning peeps!" <> Morning
dexter is getting sick as hell!
Good stuff Wayno!
damn , we're moving a couple of blocks away not to mars
do it. You have nothing to lose.
#15ReasonsToLovePrinceton he's sweet and loving ....
Watching on WPXI just made my really miserably night a whole lot better.
Yeah, Sun Diego (locally owned) sells a ton of Toms, they told me in Dec.
why people be spellin like this? they put you in english class for a reason. ''Diszz Shiid Isz whadd i khall swaqq''. seriously? lmao
imma add you on this girl "ellie" ok fb,and talk on there,k?
so embarassed about whatever happened during last night's halloween antics, don't remember a thing!
us too! No big plans... kind of like that way. :)
C'mon Buffs, figure it out
kidding melissa! :D
Keys returned, cable box returned. Officially a Watertown resident. Now on to unpacking!
No excuses, No apologies.
why not sponsor kenseth all season? class act, great racer, good pub 4 u!
I'm that guy that leaves just enough toilet paper on the roll to piss the next guy off.
The entire office is wearing flip flops... like everyday.
You forget all the songs you were going to get on your iPod when you finally get to iTunes.
Life is too precious, do not ruin it.
He is not here! He is risen! Happy Easter everyone! Hope u had a blessed day!
Just cried for a bout 5 min don't care not hiding it..You don't wannaa know what's going on with me then fuck it you don't care to even ask
After fighting traffic and getting my kid home, nanny left, told me to pay her on Sat. Perfect. Society will have collapsed by then.
Trade mission to China pays off, Idaho Gov. Otter says - Chicago Tribune
hey are you in vt?
South st may have barely recovered from last night, but we're less then 3 hrs from starting all over again! 5 bands + Karaoke!! Dobbs Rocks!
Midtown's Board meets Wednesday evening at 7:00pm at City Hall's Reeves Conference Room.
i love lady gaga
Okay....blake shelton just said sum big buff boi was fierce....lmao. It is what it is. Shows kikkin ass in Denver.
Spiteful Spitting
History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
OUCH! sorry to hear that.
front door?
You missing something right, I got it... flight wear. :-)
Running the 5k leg of the Duke City Marathon tomorrow!
I noticed a promoted tweet this morning, super targeted to my interests on cc
Rock City is right save your money cat! You'll be glad you did! The highest review was like a D!! :)
I like that. Nothing like some good old human capital.
Austin should come to Canada for a concert. Heck, he should just go on a worldwide tour! ^-^
that's the Christmas special right. Ahh I'm remembering now. What's next for you?
I love these Twin Peaks! With
yep that's why they wanted her out, all of'em was scared of her.
you're all I ever wanted
What makes me happiest right now is the ministry in which even in death Whitney's life has provided to the world.
This course in Thousand Oaks looks amazing. What're your thoughts: KJ Choi or Tiger?
“We think we understand the rules when we become adults but what we really experience is a narrowing of the imagination.” — David Lynch
well he's a very cute "friend" ;) looks like you're having fun!
Get ready DSM.
Happy Friday Stu! Thanks for being so awesome! :)
says you. Leading the witness?
A quick plea from a WI teacher: Don't vote for Barrett. He is buddies w/ Chicago mayor that has made the Chicago teachers want to strike.
Yeah I have got more than 300 followers this is really great let's keep going leggo!! Ps thank u to my followers you guys rock!!!
Good fellowship with some gr8 guys this morn..
one more follower dammit
I'm Glad I Had My Daddy,He Taught Me Never to Take Shit No Matter What Form it Came in, in There's More Than One Way to Make Money.
Don't forget.
I do, therefore, invite my fellow citizens in every part of the United States, and also
not that cool yet
As u always should RT : hey I say what I feel. Lol
Hey guys sry i haven't been on i've been takin' a little break! Anyone miss me?(:
You could have your own reality TV show: Femme Eye for the (Fashion Clueless) Queer Girl!
follow back 
#Teenagers #Relationships should be mentored with care. Who wants to be heartbroken in high school?
#GirlsWithNoAss hey brighter note some guys are into that. just not all :/
were thinking for Christmas were gonna do an acoustic song on Stickam for you guys!
WTF!!! 4 pc mcnugget is NOT on the dollar menu anymore! Now they are $1.89.
JUST GOT IN CKRIB HAD TOOK BRU WIFEY TO THE HOSPITAL BEEN DEER SINCE 639 IN MORNING BT HM WHOS UP WITH ME .
hey what's up man
Im jamaican, so i guess thats why i take the heat so well. :/
Jason Statham is probably so sore
Im tired of the guys i go for. According to katy i need a black guy. Ahhaha.
Followers, if you can hear me please ReTweet this! I'll explain why in a little bit...
Really wants the iPhone 4S anybody want to go to ntelos with me? Ntelos has $50.00 off all their iPhones!
Is one happy Saturday girl. Peaceful. Calm. And that's ok.
I follow all my followers !!!!
I think it's a great idea - The city would benefit tremendously!
Rafael Furcal with a rather #YuniEsquey play.
The #NY Giants Are Gunna Win This Game...
I will be expecting you to bring us food every time you come over now... sweet thanks.
Aw thanks Meg!
Forreal like that's her only kidRT : why the fuck is TINY'S NAME ON TWITTER tinymajormama lmao
Williams sucks. Two fair catches with no one close.
GO FOLLOW I'm 100& sure that she follow back ♪♫
R.I.P. Whitney Houston CNN confirmed her death today at 48
You got that right. :)
Big Homer by Votto into the Apple! That is an All-Star shot.
What is this rhythmic pounding coming from the neighbors?
Congrats to my friends , named "best sports media" in a fan-voted sports poll. (And : told you you'd win!)
Thanks! RT : Memory training course in the (memory) bank. Hats off to for a job well done.
It's annoying as hell.
Are you kidding me?
Very impressed with She is awesome!!
I tried to think of the unique, besides South Beach. Micro suits & club mixes meld into one blur eventually.
MWP will serve his last game of his 7 game suspension when Lakers play the Nuggets Thursday. LA leads series 3-2.
At home! Watching pretty little liars(: have homework.. Gonna go ride 4 wheelers with my mom and shot guns later when it's not so dang hot!
thank you my friend!
Thank you for the inclusion in Experience Optimism! Have a great week!
RT : It's almost here, commencing in less than 2 hours
That rumor alone makes me want to stop reading them haha
As a thank you to our followers, we're doing a book giveaway tomorrow! Yes, a real book.
DFI is searching for like minded people who want a great organization to donate to...is that you?
thank you!
RT : There's an owl outside in the tree. Apparently he only wants to know the answer to 1 question because he keeps saying "WHO!?"
Thanks for the follow! If we can help you or your readers with funding let us know!
...that just sounds extremely creepy.
thanks for the ff love! You guys rule...everyone go check if you haven't yet
. Awesome... You and your family should take a weekend break to my side of the mts and I'll get us a winery gig! Lol
LMAO nigga stay off twitter then
A week from today is our first MOL session at 12:30 - see you then
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Bingo Players - Rattle (Original Mix)
I'm finished with greedy XM.
If it confuses the Tea Party, go for it. But then they need a recipe to make ice cubes.
Oh, man!!! It figures! haha
Lord, Please bless anyone who reads this. Send Abundance to those who are lacking and Healing to those who are hurting.
"hippies and idiots are magnetically attracted to you". Thanks
Do not follow they aint #TeamFollowBack!
On April 25 Cirque du Soleil, the show TOTEM arrives to San Diego. Learn more about it in the March issue of Giving Back Magazine.
Sometimes the unbreakable breaks in half. 
Currently working on cartoon posters for Norman's Farm Market...
Wed. S.J. football roundup: Adeyemo, NBC finish with flourish Tosin Adeyemo ran for more than 200 yards in his final high school football
Sir, you win the Wit Award for Tuesday, May 8.
growing up in Los Angeles (Hunt. Pk.), buying tortillas was never so difficult; you only had two choices: flour or corn.
" i do this for tha music "
I was ready 2 punish
ah! she's so gross!
Milwaukee Habitat volunteers! Tell about how your volunteer to help our partner families to help us win $1,000
S\O to Marquez for fighting a great fight too bad he got robbed by the current champ
it was kris jenner there not kim kardashian :)
¡No lo creo!
Can ever one follow for me please
It hurts alot thou ..!
Nothing more evil you can say on twitter than "RBI"
I didn't put it on a flash drive, there was no room! I'm gonna try again on Monday!
the outcome is much more important then the receipt! (and not google+ invite for me either)
Some of my best ideas come when I'm away from my desk. Putting my shorts on backwards was not one of them.
New icon(;
Have a great weekend!
Have a Great Day Sweetie
that really is awesome.
I think I've decided on my next tattoo
You know it's the end of the year when it's locker clean out day
Yo,do u have a contact for production?
On that note, I've had a migraine all day... Probably from barely sleeping all week, so I'm going to bed... at 7pm... Goodnight:)
maybe he won't find out what I know..I hope he is a gentlemen.
I have to finish mocking jay tonight...
In Akron, OH you need a $15/ year license to own a home security system.
don't apologize! the compliment was good enough! <3
Lets pick it up boys
You are a sweetheart! Thank you for the RT Dale!
ha ha what a professional poser! Cute
“: #TheVoice would be so much better if were a judge” Absolutely! Well said...
No one should vote for the republican party for ONE simple reason: THEY want to take away our right to vote! Obama-Biden 2012 NO GOP!!
That was a valid point. Thanks for sharing your opinion with us!
Thanks for the intro. Hi Soon I'll have a blog up about freelancing ...
there's a #vegan #vegetarian group on
LIFE WOULD BE BETTER if I had a boyfriend....
A birthday party at 10am on a Sunday is so not cool!
Proactive IT for your small business.
what's #tslv?
my dad dead tryna unconvince my aunt to come with me to campout for justin like STFUUUUUUU
#middleschoolmemories....I was the girl no boy didn't want to talk to because I was the UGLY DUCKLING ..&& now, LOOK AT ME N O W :-) :-)
#Soccer training tonight for 3 teams in Boynton Beach.
Tony is a dork!
you don't say that!!
Do the good folks ever succeed?
Thanks for the follow. Interesting script on your blog, when are you going to turn it into a short?
Awesome! I may be there too. I'm 2 hours away. RT : I'll be at #shecon12 and speaking!
worked in her favour! Ton of extra publicity....maybe someone can flour bomb me :)
"Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds, cannot change anything." ~ George Bernard Shaw
I miss you I wish things were different.
Thanks for listing #WritingEditing /local-followers !
Our CEO is speaking at Texas Wall Street Women in Austin on the topic of the modern career woman!
- Emily, get a loud megaphone and shuuuussssh them if they start again :-) - we librarians can do that to anyone!!!
Stunned and Saddened about the news of
FIXING UP THOR. GET READY FOR TOUR DATES!
Great giveaway on our blog! www.knowledgesafari.com
is funny how when u was young u was always scared of your mama or daddy but as you get older u start to buck on they ass!
you never met a chick like Ariana grande .burns so bight she's gonna make you blind ( give it up Ariana grande and Elizabeth Gilles) RT :D
aww for real ? Poor mommy her little girl grew up !
lmao i feel so disgusting right now, it was all over my face
Thanks for all the shouts, everyone! Happy #WW :-)
Some things to look forward to? Slumdog, Button, Torino, Reader, Man on Wire, and a free screening of a movie well-received at SXSW.
minus one thumb chunk
The problems of the world cannot possibly be solved by skeptics or cynics whose horizons are limited by the obvious realities. ~JFK
Awesome. RT : DVR ALERT --> RT : Flavor Flav will appear on an episode of the new ABC show Celebrity Wife Swap
Hi thank you
I hate these stupid phone interviews!
why do the white sox look like the phillies today
check out The Cardio Corner.
So glad Madonna has avoided controversy in her half-time performance.
Equal measures? Good stuff in; good stuff out!
You say that Gainesville's got no soul Well that sounds like a good excuse for coming home
And the Thunder strength is on the perimeter. If they are not on then they are screwed. Durant doesn't play well against us
"Just kill the polar bear and slide in it like a tauntaun." This was said during a conversation with
Boastful engineering students. #ugh -___-
": Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Clare County in MI until 4:15pm EDT. #miwx" — It's headed my way.
I've been sleeping all day. It was glorious.
“: Guess who's wedding is dropping on our blog tomorrow...... and STAY TUNED!!!!” woo woo
#Itsannoying when people stare its like yea keep watching maybe ill do a trick.
Last night I had a dream that I was part of the kardashian family.
gotta love a hot chick rep'n the clippers.
you know, now-ish.
That awkward moment when a faceless, emotionless, white mannequin can pull off an outfit better than you can…
nice!!! Think I'll join!
Director Worthy Martin returning home after wkend of papers & panels in TX & CA (Soc.Hist. Archaeology & MLA). Holidays are over!
I am lucky I am around civil rational people... Life always works out.. Just not always you expected it to..
yes it does. I told my mom to go this past weekend since we were close but we didn't really have time for anything.
it's called "Yes"
#SaySomethin baby dont be so shy!
"#entrepreneurs are #artists" - David Dundas of Same with what noted at our other event!
kick save and aboot
already did. ;)
My butt <<< I have no butt -__-
Hey, how are you? How did everything go?
Hey all you Pittsburgh Yogis! See you tomorrow morning at 10:45 for a great yoga class at Yoga Matrika! www.yogamatrika.com
"What The Teacher Is, Is More Important Than What He Teaches."
Good Morning everyone!
Welcome, Bossman11, Thanks for joining!
Nobody understands how frustrating it is for me to be the only good driver in Los Angeles.
remembering my first fantasy draft in '90.... i think i pick barry sanders 1st round, my buddy picked nick lowery 1st!.
"One of the great things about books is sometimes there are some fantastic pictures." -George W. Bush
how's Donna
Thanks so much!
hopefully some chocolate making.
m raisins
We spent allot of time on this demo album. Rich with harmonies. All real instruments, no drum machines! For Amy - RIP
“: LeBron and D-Wade flat out dominated the 4th. Heat win Game 1. Do YOU smell a sweep?” FUCK NO YOU FUCKING IDIOT
": i don’t think I could ever stab anyone; I can barely get the straw into a capri sun" << that's you!!! :D
Right. I want the Boyz back to but people shouldnt hate Fanny pak because they got the chance to come back&the Boyz didnt
.. yes, and time. And leadership. Someone to make it ok, and keep it ok. Can't be an experiment, if it's to take root
A 3 hour flt/not enough time to process all the ideas you are sending me. Don’t stop!
Best day&#39;s testing&#39; for rookie Vergne
I weighed in and gained 0.5 lbs.
Let the games begin
RT : If we're not part of the solution, we must be part of the problem. Today's challenge,---think outside the box!
if u plan on it - then totally worth it
Welcome aboard. How's the weather on your tour been so far?
can I see the update somewhere other than facebook?
I wish taco bell delivered.
lol you used to be a baby! But those lil suckers are loud!!!
Thank you so much ! Definitely couldn't have done it without your amazing editing!
nothin much man im at the Garden watching #knicks beat the #celtics 62-52...Merry Christmas 2 u man!
Long story...but the main reason is I'm just bored with it & I feel bad that so many people want scotty to follow them
Sorry bout that, but I certainly understand! Thanks for alerting me.
I need a year from fakers
I think just restoration. They do different parts a few times per year.
Haiti reconstruction forum!
You are probably correct sir. It's hard to get away from the ease of the FB linkup...I'm going to give it a go though. Thanks
Party or make money hm....Make money
So much magic happened today on set - Truly blown away
Bust it
That WAS a jaw-dropping conclusion! These 1st 3 episodes were excellent. Kudos to you and Mike Listo.
Too bad the maker wasn't there yet at 10:30... More convincing required.
Interested in running for an e-board position? Applications due today!! Email us if you have any questions.
Good meeting you yesterday at Hellbent, thanks for coming out! Anytime your in town give me or Tattoo Ortiz a call! Take Care
Hell Yea! KU!
Well this is going to be a long day....Chicago it was real.
for the cold I'm getting as well
Now following : traitor
The word "adorkable" makes me want to throw things but we all know why by this point, right?
DID YOU KNOW?! "The most common name for a pet goldfish is 'Jaws'" YOU'RE WELCOME!
Beside JPC Program & Dept. of Election, I haven't had a job since I was kicked out of EMU back in 2004 for the 2nd time.
Yeah I did..I've always used the Deck. Just tweeting too much during these crazy games...thx..lol
i hate that!!!!!it's like i know you got the text!what's wrong with you!!!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to SF's finest !!!
"Start small, dream big. Big dreams come true by taking advantage of small opportunities. Pay closer attention to all the small things."
Im a big kid now ba da ba ba .. ;D
Was at Crono til about 7:15 pm. Did I miss you? I would have tried to convince you to go to France this yr with Cyclesport Travel.
Very good point! We have a similar contest in the works that Twitter users will benefit. You'll hear about it very soon, promise! ;)
Remember when Schultz wrote "McComics"? Ty vs Grimace, who wore a gold "sex" chain?
Listening to Mumford and Son as I do some employment law lawyering. Yes, you can get fired for cursing at a customer!
Beer Battered Fish Fry tonight, just $10! Pair it with our $2 Lite & Schlitz taps until 7pm for the Happiest Hour. TGIF!
At NY Bureau: the public radio suite usually overlooks an airshaft- The NYB commands fabulous views over Bryant Park down to Empire st Blg
Just popped the cork off a beer called "La fin du monde." We'll see who's here when I finish it.
completed her food and exercise diary for 01/20/2012
Remember to adjust your clocks on this Sunday. Spring forward and lose an hour!
The greatest strength is gentleness. ~ Iroquois Indians
Dear agony just let go of me dear agony...love that song (:
“ Just like they say the best hoopers ain't in the NBA, the best rappers ain't famous...”
thank you! :)
hey mister
This tastes just as good on Saturday night as it does on Phriday! www.phoodie.wordpress.com.
Thanks for the Bday wishes!
Look at how great God is! Love life! Don't you..it teaches us so much!
white guy goes to central america, sees a lot of people with gold teeth. "i want one. not too showy, just visible when i smile"
School Librarians: buy the movies that go with the books and circulate? Thought?
Let us know of ideas for future videos! www.FreeSweat.com
Yeah, it's a shame about Morneau. Injuries have ruined him. Liked him a lot, staple of my fantasy team for a couple years.
Got to help out with editing Rocky Robbins new CD tonight with Tom Tucker, Ricky Peterson and Rocky Robbins. Great night with great people.
Just bought my tix for the 4pm showing of the hunger games!!! So damn excited!
hope you are well my friend. Look me up if you are ever in Orlando. We'll do lunch with Dwight LOL
Sid Meier's Pirates! for Wii is possibly the best video game ever! gamespot.com/915017
dear azure, make deployments faster.
nothing I haven't been to school in a few days. Im sick hut whatever Haha :3 still a wicked Bieber fan?
Inkdt.com is currently under construction. We are updating our site and should be back in full force soon!
Going to the tonight. Like hearing my hubs play bass trombone with them. They have a wonderful sound, hall, vibe.
Welcome to a fun new world!
you can have him.
I need a job & more custies!
Woah! RT “: It's happened again! Rare 3rd record high temp in a row's been set. 79-deg at 2PM replaces 78 set 67 yrs ago in 1945!”
Thanks! I needed that tweet! (and I have never said that about a tweet before...)
Last one standing !
Where is the love?
I cry every single day & no one knows. I'm so tired of being sad.
yikes! crazy weather
I made the highschool cheer team! Can I get a woot woot ?(: (: haha
Wish This Store Would Die Down Alittle . Hate The Sound Of Thunder And Lightening .
In honor of American Craft Beer Week, Paste Magazine names 15 craft beer labels that they like. Which is your favorite?
I have zero interest in new music. Perfectly happy with my music library from beginning of time thru 2008.
#done #singlereadytomingle #WINNING #######
RT : S/O TO AND MY NEO #UTSASHOWCASE WAS A HUGE STATEMENT AND SUCCESS!!!<
Thank you for the mention!
One year ago, Starbucks at Heathrow
Thank you, M. How about #FS? That's cook too :)
Why the fuck am I having growing pains I'm 6'4. -.-
98.6% of a monkey's DNA is exactly the same as a human being's.
RT “: The Twitter account for the fire extinguisher Amar'e punched has been created: (via )”
WORD dePRESSing CODEX
taking it easy I see...
Jay-Z and Beyonce rule in both worlds
sorry no flips allowed. U out nav.
Im ready to chill with my bro for those days shit it been forever we have a lot to catch up on and to act up on lol
ONE LOVE
By the way! I LOVE THE SITE!
Stahmann Farms, south of Las Cruces, will no longer sell its pecans direct to the public, and it will no longer make its pecan candy.
Haha. If only, but strangely I don't.
Not entirely unexpected, but bottom line is that I'll need 3 devices now: Home/work computer, iphone, ipad. So much for slimming down tech.
"Scientists' Theory About 'Alien Abductions' Gets New Support" #huffpost Sounds like someone's been probed!
We can't do it without y'all. Keep believing in us as we believe in you.
going to shower feel gross =/
Jay-z
That's a strike yotch!
I am assuming yes. Karaoke is not an early evening activity.
Continued success!!!
I'm up too! Workin on stuff for church smh
Been my problem lately! Say what you need to say. You could always do a part one and part two. Or part one and part seven.
Its not that I hate you, its just..let me put it this way, If u were on fire and I had water, I would drink it.
u have an amazing voice and ily in House of anubis wish i could come to england
ya'll got dope production mane
How are you? Long time, Be blessed and greetings to your family
America wins ! Congrats, Bubba!
Beautiful Morning !!! Isn't it ??!!!
That moment when people steal your edits & dont give you credit, its like wtf ? :o i always credit the owner (:
need to take a shower & Finish packing. i have a 6 am flight to Boston tomorrow!... fml
Ouch heading to the garage. No luck today
Woo hoo! Getting ready for Johnny Depp and DARK SHADOWS! Movie premier!
Yes. He's not native to DC, but we note a blow to the hip hop community by remembering Beastie Boy MCA.
When the #Yankees and #Phillies come calling, and the #Athletics are 20 games behind #Rangers, there will be trades. Trust me
that's tough. Right now it's a toss up between Last Man on Earth and Dr. Phibes.
time for bed- I'm blushing like a school girl
actually conduit is future proof, copper wire is just good enough for now :-)
We are so lucky to be in #Miami. RT if you are loving our "winter" weather...!!
that awk moment when you tweet what i was just gonna tweet...
LOL he has to join the club!
I can think of a lot of words to describe the Washington #Wizards, but let's just leave it at "very, very...very bad". Wow.
Listening To Future - Rider Dis My Shit Fool !
This is so awesome, for such an important cause too!
Up to my neck in medical research...glad I got our website redesign done yesterday!
Already up and at 'em! Let's hope this breakfast scene moves fast. Living my movie dreams, with a little help from my Amanda Cox McCord.
fair enough.
I'm a size 8 on top & 10 on the bottom and I've only ever been smaller when I used to run. I'm just never going to be a 2, I reckon
haha yup. i'm always running to class!
I pray that God walk with you and your friend in her time of need.
congrats! Looking forward to seeing the product develop
At my baby job waiting her to get off 15 more mins hopefully
HAPPY MEMORIAL DAY TO ALL.. BARBEQUE TIME.. CHILLING OUT..
True- but isn't this the problem w/ Facebook in general? When you share with 'friends' can you really control what they do?
that's the thing my dad might not let me
Night Out Wit all my Boys... Dam man Hollwood better watch out! WE GO #Hard!
crapp! I'm not ready...
it must be a huge thing off your mind. I wish it wasnt needed, but at least she will be in good care.
Work Work Work
the Twentieth Century Limited! Lindsay got wine. I tried to convince her otherwise!
Definitely. Check out as a potential venue. (=
Need to think of a name for a radio show.
Someone Is Twatching Me
hello #twittersphere! we love continuous improvement, data & grading. Trust the process!
we love you so much columbus. xoxoxoxo.
its a sham that even the baby #Pens couldnt do well today
yes too soon. # opportunist
:D great job! You learned it really quickly! Keep practicing and producing good covers! And your puppy is so adorable!
We will be seeing Act of Valor tonight, a movie starring real Navy Seals. Look for a review this weekend
Loving life
“: Good Morning! I can smell #3points tonight! will be in full force tonight! Who else is excited?” ---ME!
That point in your day where it feels like two, and you wonder how you got glitter in your hair.
WHAT IS BUTTERED COFFEE?
I play bass guitar so it seemed obvious. Now I talk so much Christian faith and ministry here I wonder if I need a change.
anyone wanna come over and bring me chinese take-out? i'll pay you in hugs! ... anyone? hello? is this thing on???
my mind has seen you more times that my eyes have /:
we'll go to mars soon.
I agreement with that statement
$2bil for the #dodgers? Sure hope they got the parking lots. Because otherwise, that's just overspending
Also thank you Philly and Philly dancers for being so badass.
Officially feel like I work in an office....just did a mail merge from Excel into Publisher :(
Check out the new St. Valentines day Massacre course
food is something I wish I didn't crave all the time
Maybe i dont txt you back bcuz everytime i do your boring.
Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.
happy easter
Boo Hiss! Well, I'm sure you still have many Detroit Area followers, thanks for spreading the word!
Who is coming to PKNight tomorrow? Check out 's great photos! He is a presentor. Thanks for being involved.
dude, when are we building shit? learning to program as we speak. im hopeful. lets make it happen.
attending crystal moll art opening in silo point.
My ambition always outweighs my time when it comes to constructing a Halloween costume. It'll be awesome but next year...incredible.
Definitely a sign we're in the "land of pleasant living"
host'n 2nite at the Falcon Inn in Hawthorne. Bigg Weezy do'n his thang. No cover.
"wonders that if Christmas, Father's Day and birthdays did not exist, then aftershave too, would not exist"
hahaha that sounds funny!!
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo Say they hate me,when I know they really love me.
follow back please? Why did ya unfollow? :(
I have a beard. I'm not sure why I haven't been cast in a sitcom as "guy who looks passably like Zack Galfinakis" yet.
Looking good on the steps !
seeing #Middletown(currently int.). Can't WAIT to see the second act. Will Eno is incredible. Gotta get his scripts...
Hush little baby don't you cry
not saying he's right. But there is a different expectation. Anyone who doesn't realize that is blind
Yes these Tesla tix are free.. provided by DCF Concerts and The Diamond Ballroom
Look for opportunities today to share a word of comfort & grace - perhaps through a story of what God has done in your life.
Thanks for the retweet; happy almost May Day!
no pit but really good seats!
This W's gotta be worth another million in marketing deals for Tebow
Very interesting discussion re: language use! with from with
a good point, though in the US you can't escape paying for the device subsidy even if you don't actually use it
The sooner we all acknowledge that a spoon is just a tiny bowl with a handle, the sooner we can all get on with our lives.
Well The Crazy Ones Make Me Bring Out The Heavy Artillery
You rock girl! Love ya!
Good morning! The library will be open at 6:30 am today and close at 9:45 pm.
show her the brass monkey routine! it's a perfect finale for kungfufighting
The first day of school for kids will be Tuesday August 16.
Phoenix! We are inside you! And it's late, time for bed :)
#1 poll, Nook vs Kindle vs IPad. Which would you like to own and why?
aahhh...brand new drum heads! getting ready for tomorrow's rehearsal for "Nine"...
Things are great! How's Canada? Are you a hockey fan yet?
Hello world! :)
cool thanks sexy, was awesome meeting you, let's chat again soon! *HUGZZ*
SO you can tell your "DMV" girls to calm down, no one likes a rude person.
"Hey Brohan Let Chill Roll Over Here." So glad I didn't go to U of A
Wouldn't call that a fault.
We'll be sharing the #outrageousbiz winners on #twitter later today....
If you want to succeed in your life... kill the emotions and let your brain work...
The Plead Riddim compilation came out today on iTunes !!!! Get that!!!
": YIKES!!!! NNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!"why the yikes
yea, 32 points of fantasy footballing!
Doctors appointment today.:/ and D-Day today! What fun(: "not" well I'm in there with all my besties(: 2 extra hours of school gawhh:/
I'll be doing some trail business myself. 50k on Saturday! Have a great run!
Another perspective is always welcome; just don’t get drawn into negativity.
I never expected to see the day when girls would get sunburned in the places they now do. - Will Rogers
My papa work in one Factory in United States
#kids Celebrate the Arrival of the Easter Bunny with the Spring KidsFest at Meadows Mall! at Meadows Mall, Fri, Apr 6 11:00a: The center...
I have to put my hair in a bun for the musical -__- My hairs SO thick
Sometimes I fell likes she will leave me for him cus there so close and the thing he says..
and the other day in SS Tyler/ Ethan said there were probably only 5 or 6 Mahomies. I hate them.
It feels too long since we've held a zine reading. Without Sprout, where shall we read?
Great lines
George Will: New bio goes all the way with LBJ - Marietta Daily Journal
no they're just these annoying little hanging loops where something caught the thread and pulled it out :(
My eyes 20/20 so sunny when skies grey
Came to school to realize there's not one person here -.- that's what I get for coming early
you got that right lmao
I cant sleep and i dont know why :( #tiredasfuck also not ready KRA
2 and a half men is hilarious
I chose a bad TV night to decide to download the beta2 of Natty. I'd much rather be watching Netflix.
Its finna go DOWN in atlanta
Today's Soups: Chicken Rice & Cheezy Broccoli
im gonna go home, & #chill(:
I know but thats just how some ppl is like most ppl dont care though so why should u
Exhausted... Just not physically
#whoeverimarry will be spontaneous!! Can't have a boring ass partner! The fuck i look like?
UH OH! freaky Kle is back! ;)
It's real good.
Good times!
R.I.P. spider in my shower ):
Grateful for many things today: friendships, opportunities, obstacles. Also for #military serving who sacrifice for me every day.
HP Partners...Wanna beat Dell EVERY TIME? Please contact me about my March 24th "P4000/LeftHand Competitive Academy" in Chicago.
are you aware that is showing Ghostbusters on Friday?
Swoon. MT Prepared for my City Cultures summer class by talking space and place w/ a psychologist & a geographer at lunch today.
Well then give in to the
When you want to win a game, you have to teach. When you lose a game, you have to learn. -Tom Landry
I'm always in this twilight. In the shadow of your heart.
“: Pretending to read your birthday card after the money has fallen out...” this is you today.
I will be happy to serve you a one course meal... Popcorn anyone?
I'd better get to work then.
we should text.
Happy Mother's Day, I love you. Thanks for everything.
awesome! Let's do it. Email me or let's talk later today!
why are you so epic? I freaking love google and youtube!
Duke blew it! RT : Ugh. Say it ain't so. Say it ain't so.
“Each day comes bearing its own gifts. Untie the ribbons" - Ruth Ann Schabacker
Well, at least DC United is still playing... ;)
We've been getting a lot of followers lately, lets keep it up! Tell your friends about us!
Garrett, thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets, comments & insights. Cheers!
I need a nap. Noisy neighbor up vacuuming for over an hour last night at 1am. Can you say "Tweaker".
RT : #ThingsThatBotherMe That everyone who testified about #women's health this am was a man.
Just laid down a 79 point word in Words With Friends! Life is good. However, will I have any friends to play with after this game?...
“ “ Fuck you mean you are bisexual ? Bitch you only 11 . #SitYourAssDown””
My Marlins blog has its first zombie fan! S/O to
Gov. Cuomo joined by assembly speaker and senate prez in red room for announcement on developmental disabilities...walks in to applause
Its times like these making me wish i had a gf right now but i guess i still have to talk to the moon tryna get to that special someone
I hope you're right!!!!
You forgot to mention being one of the biggest busts in NFL history
Wow, thanks for posting this! Great site.. I'll write up my first 750 tonight!
That seems like a reasonable conclusion, yes.
So sorry, it was just cleaned before we opened. We have someone on it!
How do you win in Afghan. w/o dealing with Taliban, Gov. Romney? Mitt: By beating them. [awkward silence]
I've partied at mizzou a few times and that doesn't even compare to my nights at semo
Honest (constructive) reviews help authors identify and improve areas that still need work.
Name-checks of the best ones would be much appreciated. We're redesigning our department's own antique site at the moment.
you know what i am weirdly obsessed with?
haha I can't wait to hear how you feel tmrw
Good morning everyone! We hope you all have a safe & relaxing Labor Day weekend. Where did your travels take you?
Congrats on very nice blog; informative, well written.
For da haters ima gone head & do a 360
photos please!
I'm nasty..yeen know???
If we're gonna cheat words for friends why play lol
damn right, broseph
#Lakeshow hitting their stride!!
DARN, we get our flea and tick medication on today. BO!! Hope it is not the cinnamon kind. We couldn't stop licking ourselves for 3 days!
Christmas is one of the most popular holidays in the US. This is the time of the year when people get together +
Role playing will definitely spice up the bedroom actions !!!!!!
high school soccer tryouts tomorrow...
Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.
RIP Donna Summer. :(
Don't #Regret the Moments Lost...
We are so excited about tomorrow. You guys will be amazed!!!!!
great meeting you, hit me up anytime you want to chat more
What's a whiteboy gotta do to get a decent seat at chimpanzee nowadays? Sheesh.
Cooked all my meals today (and from scratch). Okay it was only 2 meals, but still. Big step for me.
Don't try to be more than what you are; instead be the best at what you are.
That's how I read it too, Jess! I kinda wish I hadn't read it yet so I could do it over and read it more slowly :)
Well it took me four years but I finally reached my 1000th tweet. Someone should throw me a party or buy me pizza or something.
Calm before the storm
Drinking beer and watching baseball. Ah! Its good to be free
Part shandy, part berry and all delicious!
Good morning! I hope you are having a wonderful day! I am off and I plan to enjoy this beautiful San Diego weather!
Wow, you was eating good.
So my schedule? Won't work. The guy at the software company said he'd never seen anything like it. Word chart FTW.
Can't wait to go to work for 8 hours and do completely nothing 😠
Really, full faith and credit onto a man who can't tell the truth about or remember anything. Mitt Romney. Really?
i'm going too! maybe i'll see ya there.
Byrd finding his groove with Red Sox
Off to make some moneyy
Ah white #iPad2 - matches my #iPhone4 ;)
thank u
Sundays at 8am on Fox 206, 45.2, or Fios 465: are you watching this new show called "School Court"? The auditions episode premiers Sunday!
One minute my mum is telling me I'm not eating enough, and the next she is telling me I should be watching what I eat?!
o yes lockdown D.sanders cornerback
Just got home from the taping and I am wound up and speechless. You are amazing! The show is going to be huge! Can't wait.
party rescheduled for lunch tomorrow?
Look out for Phil. He is flat out lighting it up. It is shaping up to be an awesome day of golf...as it should be on Sunday @ Augusta.
Jesse -- could you send your order #? I'll have someone in customer service take care of your order.
Hate black girls dat say they love justin beiber...Naw bitch u love the lil white boys money
She kills her xD! She results she is a bitch and he is gay x_x!!
What you doing today
Helping others win is a win-win proposition.
#church then lunch at my family's restrraunt.
libraries embrace the importance of physical place. technology denies that importance.
yep, all their data is counting toward #AWSEarthDay. You weren't as far upstream as you thought! ;)
It's about to start rainin n I was about to chill ova my bro crib
Consider them shunned for life
#Forgiveness is the final form of love. ~ Reinhold Niebuhr
its been a long week, i'm happy its friday and I'm excited for the pub crawl tomorrow! bell in hand - 1pm
I feel like a fucking zombie. I'm gonna go throw up now. Kbye:-)
Mad. Shout out to you are the queen of sexy
-- please use consistent capitalization in your menus. Either title case or sentence case.
Road trip!
Enjoy! RT : Just got a copy of the Hustlers Handbook via I look forward to soaking in the wisdom of Bill Veeck
Don�t let the noise of other�s opinions drown out your own inner voice
Since isn't going to camp, do you think we can get him to go "Streaking"
What's with the new profile description?
A social network that FINALLY PAYS YOU BACK! This new network is Peoplestring 'Where You Own the Web'. It's 100% free! www.bazsite.com
mr.conrad givving us jellybeans(: lmao
Meat Gazer ": Ze meat."
Wow now i am a total lover of lol <3 him !
You forgot to add Kroger is Greedy!!
because your cool
I tip my hat to all of you at Well done on the death penalty repeal.
Why am I wide awake so freakin early???
Algebraists do it by symbolic manipulation.
Coworker asked if I got my purple shoes from Barney the Dinosaur. Super confidence booster. Not like I'm going to be on stage... Oh wait...
That donut was heaven in my mouth this morning. Thanks bby.
Ok 4sho. What is the book about?
Both people & results are important. Over-emphasizing either one can cause problems. Just remember it is the people who produce the results.
omgg that need to be my motive cause i have issues with goin off on emotions
Jesus will cleanup the floor of our Soul, spray a little salvation refresher, & take Satan outside to do His business Continued next tweet
Got a headache. Thank you mrs collins...
Muhammad Ali's fight-worn trunks from the "Fight of the Century" sold for $173,102
What is your favorite kind of beer?
A1 Since Day One.
did u read the article?? Im freakin out lol
cool, congrats Jonathan!
thankks for hacking my twitter yesterday!! (: ahhaha
Ihate this feeling I get...
If u want ur life 2 b a magnificent story,then begin by realizing that u are the author & everyday u have the opportunity 2 write a new page
Thx to every1 that's DL'ed #ExperienceJoeRogan on Droid! In little over 2 months we've had 600+ installs! Lets keep going! Spread the word!
that's too deep for my feeble rockwood noodle to comprehend
The Museum will close for the season today. Stop by anytime from 11-4 and see 5 incredible exhibitions.
You know your white, when an 86 year old woman tells you your white at church
Keep stuff in Basecamp. Putting sounds temporary.
RT : wish I could b there to watch! Good luck woman, work that runway 😉💁💋
indeed! A rock opera!
i'm finally home and work drained me of energy i can't deal with avp feels right now i hope stickam is fun sigh
I wanna go 😔
early 90's R&B music....cheesey yet classic.
RT Thanks for joining us this evening to talk about how the #SOTU offers a vision to
WHO! is following me! I want to be paid for corporate name dropping when I'm at parties too!
Hey Holly! How you doing today?
#BasketballProblems when u just mess up on the court in your teammates are talking bad about u
That sounds so good
As the saying goes for sports desks at daily papers, every night is election night.
Happy New Year to you as well! Many blessings your way! :)
Chance favours only the prepared mind!
is planning another job fair, but this time it will focus on opportunities in the hospitality industry.
Heat were +11 after Haslem was subbed out for Shane Battier.
We're outside, near the entrance. There's a small red banner above our table!
It's late - we say NNGB AJ. xo &hearts;
What do you do to protect against harassing debt collectors?
haha i know, i went to the gym today, worked out my arns, im gonna be a beast, and BT-dubbs im eating a banana right now <3
Last day at the Review #what?
Inspired to write by: "To me, the greatest pleasure of writing is not what it's about, but the inner music that words make." Truman Capote
god!!! yourself?!
What is weirdest about being home is how not weird it feels...
Ladies, where have you been all my life? TY for following me - will try to be worthy!!
They seem to think they make them for boys. I buy more titles than my husband. But can I find a Black Widow action figure? Nope.
Next up: Ebooks and the Library User Experience. But first, Muzak. . .
Yes! That's one reason I love Iron Maiden so much. If you listen to the lyrics, they touch on so many things.
Alles gut!!! All the best and hope you're inspired! Cheers
Visiting Kitchen Showrooms Helps People Think Of New Ideas ...
you are by far the hero of these match! All that time not having to save goals didn't faze you one bit!!!
Psalm 51:10 Create in me a pure heart, O God, and renew a steadfast spirit within me.
hahah no but he told me about that!
I feel like I should be watching the grammys, but how much trouble could a group of old ladies get into?
about time haha
Omg when 'crater face' chuckles omg.
split screen? really?
Whew, caught error in latest post before anyone else mentioned it. My ego lives to fight another day.
Stanford running well vs 9 men in the box....great!
Three tweets today, with five exclamation points among them. Must have been a good day.
I can't imagine any possible scenario ever where someone would ride a streetcar between #pdx and LO. Would that be an overnight trip?
Join us tonight for $10 Wine Flights in honor of
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! To all my new followers! Shout me out so I can follow back!
I like the idea of a train conductor jumping off, taking a cab to the museums, and hopping back aboard on the other side.
I dnt fuck wit nobody but her
Sometimes I'm scared I'm too late to do what I wanted
that is awesome!
It says that we are not allowing them to be part of the 21st century. Scary.
watched the RFS lose tonight, sparse crowd of 2847
follow my personal twitter & I'll keep yall posted on PAK stuff on both accounts
All the good stuff is on the Canada side, eh!
hey June, hope u doing great! Call me when u get a chance. I'll give u my update on great things happening!
"I believe the road to hell is paved with adverbs..." #StephenKing On Writing.
SPREAD THA WORD ABOUT THIS DALLAS O.G FRESH OUT OF TDC HOME A MONTH AND 5DAYZ....... T.G. ON THIS ROAD TO REDEMTION...
Playback for EPIC will be out before the Scarlet ships. YES!
they said next time ill keep u posted.
Outlaw Thursdays tonight at LaSalle Power Co. $2 Bottles, $2 Burgers and SUBURBAN COWBOYS! Corner of Illinois and LaSalle!
We love your news "I'll have a special guest: joining me on some live music!! :) 8-10 pm!"
Things 1D has made me jealous of: fruit, stuffed birds, floors, stairs, and couches. Thanks boys. Thanks SO much.
Uffizi exhibition programs
Yes, we will have a blast dodging the coyotes!!
New phones suck when data doesn't transfer right.
hahahaha stalkers are noo good ;D hahaaa i don't get twitter.. i only got 200 followers :/ `
Tracking the and their fistacuffs via &
Happy Friday to my 2 fav anchors & ! You guys rock.
fuck yes. friday is going to fucking rule. <3
Nnsync with dick
Let us remind you that OZ Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck has FREE Wi-Fi for our Customers!!!
Sending calming thoughts. You'll get through it! I have faith.
If your poop has hair do it on the rug #toilet babies
Hard Work beat Talent - plus I got the Talent!
Tomorrow looks like it's going to be a good day
Thanks John!
Hunger Games was really interesting. Yet I didn't read the book and I understood it.
. starts tomorrow! Tweet us if you are going to be there.
I was the first nayffy. You're blind. Its the first thing I noticed when I looked at it.
Yes. He's an interesting one.
busy day, havent had time to tweet, so whats everyone up to?
Gotta man
Enjoy the show!
about time huh? let's have a drink or three when you're back here next!
😁 haha #true RT : Ladies, hide your keys, hide your purse! A lot of #broke niggas out here lookin for a come up.
eating pancakes with
My first EVER iTunes purchase is CD! Thanks for reassurance of my choice ;)
We celebrate women in business in Indy by offering free events to those who want to share their inspiring stories with others! Get inspired!
Media colleagues - get your #Emmy entries ready. Early deadline is April 4th.
“: <~~~~ PLEASE FOLLOW THIS AMAZING BEAUTIFUL MONSTER WHO LOVES YOU SO VERY MUCH!!”
stay tuned
I'll take a yellow one!
CALL UP THE D-LEAGUE GUYS LIKE CHEYNE AND CWOOD. SOME NBA GUYS WILL ALSO CROSS THE LINE. NOW IS THE TIME OF THE NEW NBA
Exclusive Members Only Ice Skating Event - Monday, February 7, 2011 - www.jacketbackers.org for full details!!!
We just finished up a big trash haul in Memorial and now we're just cleaning up around the shop! Call us if you need some Trash Hauled Fast!
The owner of this bar flirting with me and my boys is ready lol
I could go for some coffee and cookies right now. :)
The doctor told jazz that she was a lucky child... She said "no I'm not... I'm a blessed child"
Henny and ginger ale... Lovely
I can pretend that I'm not lonely, but I'd be constantly fooling myself;
"Citing [Encyclopaedia] Britannica in an academic paper is not what students should be doing, either." -Jimmy Wales on Wikipedia
“: RT : #edchat of course, if MLD's don't engage kids in deep meaningful learning, they are just shiny”
#sljsummit10 Don Leu Showing research which argues different skill sets required for online and offline reading comprehension
is showing me all the hip and cool gay areas
I would never put someone I love in a bad situation.
Great news from several investors for movie & video game!
I love my punching bag. It's a 40# heavy bag. It has come in really handy some days. And great for crossing training too.
yes! absolutely she is! i love her for that ( well that and she's hot) but as far as names go, it helps if it sounds bad ass :)
The iPhone Facebook app sucks so hard.
look yh i dont like you i love you!<33 follow me pls
when and where?
In the office working on the Autumn aLive reallocation. This will be over soon. :)
We have a collection of over 20 presentations for societies and organizations. Give us a call if you need a Talk
Thanks to all our attendees & speakers who responded to our LearnCamp Phx conference evaluation. We luv ur feedback
thanks - it's exciting to be part of such a great group of consultants
Hot and steamy day in Chicago
Saw Sigi Schmid at Starbucks this morn... I Congratulated & thanked him for a great start. See you next season GO Sounders!
Making memories at the wrestling banquet. I love these guys so much
Are the puppies from your report going to be up for adoption? I just saw the pictures on website. Cute puppies!
good job tonight! Block party! #KnightsNation!
Have a nice day!
MEDIA MATTERS' COMMIE-PINKO ROBOTS say Rev.WRIGHT scandal's unfair, but OK to hurt Romney w/50-year old gossip.
Whenever I see small children on leashes, I’m always tempted to run up, scratch their bellies, and ask “How old in human years?”
I got carded for an R rated movie today guys... I'm almost 22.
dying of happiness :D
I think her dog is named after the WrigleyField. Yes?
And heres the snow... Come visit me at molly cools, be there in an hour!
I'd love to see someone mention post-publication review as a potential model in humanities fields.
You Can go hard or you can go HOME.
Have seen enough neg comments about #newtwitter to think I'll avoid it for now - let others beta-test it!
. what feels more neoliberal than a waterslide at UH?
3 random people called me!!Im scared!!:O
Oh, the glory of growth, silent, mighty, persistent, inevitable. To awaken, to open up like a flower to the light of a fuller...
#FF she gives good star jobs ;)
I dont RT : I know you get this a lot darl,but you are one of the nicest person on twitter! Everybody loves you<3
Nice! RT : Just heard Krankshaft is on draft at the ! Thanks guys! Your neighbor & patron, Jess from Metro
It was and pleasure to share The Science of living hair with you all. Keep watching! Seeing is Believing!
Look at this pic of spiky he looks good
#@ wow now that's cold blooded (R.I.P)
Passed medsurg! Now time to pass this peds class!
Today 5:10pm, Pugh 170: “Is Distraction Deadly or Divine? Cultivating Contemplation as a Way of Living Well”, Laurie L. Patton (Duke)
I know I saw it when my phone turned on you know my phones always off :-/ lmao
Jennifer Egan delivering pecha kucha to afternoon crowd at
Favorite dances are and Motown rocked!
Please (pretty please!) start carrying by They are AWESOME flagship in Austin has 'em!
Q1: agreed, but I didn't learn customer service in library school!
Waiting for Alex's 2nd round chess match to complete in Oshkosh at the state tournament. Round one was a WIN!
Don't fight the future ;)
Almost to Philly! Gig at Bob and Barbara's tonight after the MAKE-OUT with VIOLENCE screening. Film's at 9:30 PM | start 11 PM.
If you ask me do i need you I'd say forever. If you ask me will i leave you I'd say never.
Lets ensure all DC residents, regardless of political party affiliation,preserve progress by participating in the 2010 electoral process.
Love to connect with RVA tweeps! Thanks for the follow!
let me know how it works for you - be careful NOT to over-spray on plants you like, I used a cardboard box to surround weed
Probably a little bit of A and a little bit of B
THIS SUNDAY FROM 7PM-12PM! 253 TRINITY AVE LOFT D ATLANTA,GA! JEWELRY MIXER! COME MEGA MIX, NETWORK!!! # BE DER!!!
I'm on my LIL Wayne flow during this jog on this gorgeous MAWning !!!
Analysts - make sure you come say hi at Analyst Corner at the reception in Ariba Commerce Pavillion.
Listening to Melody Gardot, "Who Will Comfort Me"--great JAZZ beat!! Got it free on one of those Starbuck's cards. vSB
Hey it's BK, in 3 words or less, your favorite breakfast taco?
Really it's come to this. Gov't leaning on private businesses? We make choices everyday. Bad polilcy!
RT this if you still go trick or treating
There is only 1 DVD for me that has that One Thing that keeps me Up All Night... well actually five things :)
I know Alex would've... *sigh* Alyssa would have too. Why can't hot guys like us? Hmph.
Making plans to go see SATC 2 in a few weeks with my 3 wonderful sisters. Can't wait to be back in CT with them for a few days.
anything study that says drink more, eat more or have more fun, has my TOTAL support!
It'll Be Alright Again!
Wendy Chun on "banal idea of friendship" that underlies networks, threatens to turn internet into series of gated communities"
"you know, the tall black guy who's never in the white house? he's out runnin around on the tax payers dollar" she's a little bitter
getting ready for the winter ...yikes....it gets cold here in chicago. but it does mean i get to buy new clothes...yea.
worst gimmick twitter ever. Later buddy.
how do you like Daytona so far
okay, so i'm back begging for more seconds to the minutes, minutes to the hour, hours to the day!!! so much to do, so little time!
York England? What about?
News Producer ,Journalist &amp; Media Translator: Egypt&#39;s military ...
Would love to hear some highlights from Merry Wives seminar.
#girlwhyyou with the same guy that keeps leaving you
Manhattan's rental market is thriving...and the most coveted accessory in New York City tech scene is a 212 area code.
gurl rite here straight jammin nd did u see my profile???
yeap. Just rolled in.
Leadership isn't about never falling down. It's about getting back up stronger when you do.
Discover a career with AT&T today! Follow for the latest openings.
ed looks so young though, omg.
The blackout of Wikipedia today is forcing students to find other resources. Maybe they'll finally use the library website!
Yep. That's Eric. I hope he knows that cameras aren't allowed in movie theaters. Lolololol
where in boston are you from? i'm from belmont, small world!
got my letter yesterday.Haven't opened it yet. Waiting for that quiet moment.
The Lobby has cleared out. Round #1 of Roundtables now 10 minutes underway.
Great church service tonight: Together we stand: the power of oneness.
Thanks for the follow back! :)
hey. Just so you know we are doing a ustream tomorrow :-)
Going better all of the time, new corp marketing VP (Jeff Lavers) BIG on SM although change is slower than it could be
Watching "Unknown" starring Liam Neeson..
I support non-profit responsibly managing & implementing weatherization/block grants. #Detroit-based agencies should be considered.
RT Please ........After all those years of telling me to say my prayers and eat my vitamins....you Finally say Please.....
Fantastic, thanks for the good read Mike.
#serious talk
If you had U25 in ATL tonight
It's about to get Trent-tastic on 's Cover to Cover! Happy Birthday,
Truth as stevekingism... RT : Steve King just admitted that the stimulus creates/created jobs on msnbc
I'm not girl interuppted? I would love for you to be my first customer from my web site. We can set up a skype reading :)
u tasted great mixed with cranberry pomegranate over ice.
No Shirt, No Shoes... Service!
After much thought I've decided that I A. Need to find a job B. It must be something I enjoy & C. Allows room for growth
Whats the best thing to do after a workout? Damn skippy..time to get something to eat! Ha! Chck Fila here I come. Bread and water.
HELP! One of our clients needs to buy a used portable baptistry by June 3! Plz eM !
Follow her --> xoxo ♥ RT : can you give me a shotout please? (: x.
I have a ppt for you for the mobile parade. Where can we meet? I'm in exhibits at booth 23 all night?
Super awesome!
Friday's announcement will be the locations where the medicine is grown, not sold (That announcement is in June 8)
oh I thought it was some special night or something...where the black people go lol
Just updated my boo ^_^ RT Um have I talked 2 2day? She b slipping on the morning news 101
can I get a hi even thought it's not 11:11? :)
Somebody is up to no good I can feel it!
Getting ready watching House Of 1000 Corpses
#WhenIWasLittle - The best shows on Tv were -- Old Nickelodeon & old Cartoonnetwork.
Gas Giveaway Sound Design, and more, is up now! Check it out on #productionvault!
Thanks homie i appreciate that!! If you wanna cop anything ill throw in free stickers/tee/ and lanyard!!
Is HDR processing a grotesque abomination or just another tool for the photographer? Personally, I consider it the former.
Last week in the us next week =]
Innovate my brand, expand our audience, create new platforms, multiple weddings in 2weeks, enjoyed the blessings!
Hi! I followed you.. Can you follow back and give me shootout..? #Sweet !
Did you talk to him?
Thanks for the follow.
Well it is going to be fun to see you in battle my friend. What. Ass are you gonna roll? I'm gonna roll a huge Jedi Knight
we have mutual friends and i'm currently obsessed with the Van dyke/Wilson era.
heh - and occasionally annoying my constituents!
Wow! Pella Encompass / Architect Series products receive Consumer Digest 'Best Buy' classification. Contact Pella Fella Jeff (505) 362-0529
hey i saw your profile on the list! I place devs in nyc. I have a cold fusion role! I'd love to connect w/ you!
We better be getting a WR some point soon, maybe trade colt? I don't want Little tone dropping all of Weedens passes.
Okayy them some pretty colors
I would like to lodge a complaint. My weekend was far too short. I demand a replacement forthwith.
His times have progressed over the course of the season, so unless he's getting better sticks, he's busting his ass #tinktink !!
Students know that after college the fun has to take a back seat to career objectives
since you ladies aren't coming tonight it will be a disaster
LaGarret Blount can't be stopped!
Summer bird in the travers! I'm gonna have a hard time throwing out any horses out of birdstone from now on. Especially 4 the prices you get
I bet if there is a 2nd season, alot of those agencies will b crying 2b on it haha after seeing how the episodes are edited
"Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act." Ha! Maiden Monday! Voodoo
Is anyone out there a real estate lawyer? I need a consultation before I file a lawsuit.
Proudly wearing #Steelers gear today just like any other day. Being a #Steelers fan is not a mood it is an identity. #SteelerNation 4ever
Never mistake activity for achievement.
Yeah travis! Youtube him at thatdudemcfly.
The colors of a fresh garden salad are so extraordinary, no painter's pallet can duplicate nature's artistry. ~Dr. SunWolf
Caps game not playing anywhere at BWI. Wtf?
Anything new going on? Leave me a message and check out www.myspace.com/djnlyte812 www.nlytesoldierz.ning.com/ Have a blessed day.
If you use a diamond bit, you can just slowly cut through the bottle, just make sure to use water occasionally to cool things down.
Put Your Life into that which You have recognized as being Your Mission and make it a Reality. ---Leo Tolstoy
does anyone know how old is?
he is cute
Free Buffet, anyone??? Join us for the Pro Bowl and enjoy a FREE buffet for the first half! Don't forget... Trivia starts WEDNESDAY @ 8pm!
Adam Rabinowitz (UT-A): Teaching through "Maps, Mashups and Metadata: Geotemporal Visualization and the Ancient Mediterranean"
when I spill green tea all over my desk, I'm grateful it wasn't coffee
Who's your team tho?
Rise & Grind people—back to the weekday doldrums! But you can get your week off to a great start with Revel’s $5 Happy Hour!
You should appreciate what you had, since you just heard an alternative today!
man i did my thing
About to go on for Scrooge performance! Hooray for my one line!
Great catch & save
yay! Congrats! Hope you're celebrating :)
Tune in now for the Upper St. Clair choir singing Amazing Grace beautifully!
So close, and yet so far.
Feels good outside today.
Aghh fuck they are doing the monster trucks on the beach thing this weekend :(
Ha! I almost wrote exactly that.
Hot! RT : I think me and my fur are getting the hang of this swimming thing ... Stretch to make moves, yo
I need sleep. People are talking to me but I have no idea what they are saying.
Wish I could come! Say hi to my hometown for me.
Goodell just said welcome to the second round of the 2002 nfl draft hahahahahahahaha
RT - oh yes scattered thunderstorms during the Dolphins game tonight in miami, that means its gonna be all running
it's all shades of gray.
All we need is love
Tack is thank you in Sweedish, but how do u say thanks for donating soup to the #EmptyBowl to Sweetish Hill? "You're Sweet!", that's how!
miss you lady! i hope your work day is swell
“: I text you a whole paragraph within 5 minutes and you text me back 40 minutes later saying "K"... Are you asking to be shot?
First time in a department store this month. I am what is wrong with this economy.
This moving process is not going as smooth as i wanted it too!
3333333333333.... but it dont matter everybody all ready know that the heat go win
Good things come to those who wait
wah wah I understand. Such is life
follow me jenn
Great day at the beach. Bout to ruin this tab at the bar tonight #vegasbombs?
Actually, not trying to butt in, but sounds to me more like a drinking solution than a problem. #mytwocents ;)
You're right. We'll fix that, thanks for pointing it out Chuck.
I love how God opens new doors of opportunity even when I'm still trying to knock. "Ask and it shall be given unto you.."
Today I learned "REM sleep occurs approximately every 90 minutes in people, and every 25 minutes in cats."
" How do you spell tanorexic anyway? Tannerexic? Tannorexic? Is this even a real word?" - G..U..R..Stupid. #IWin lol.
Just because we keep up on trends doesn't automatically make us effective teachers. Those that don't are not always ineffective.
Opps, away for a little while and have 1450 new tweets.
Happy national signing day! Go Buffs!
#FF Octagon First Call #celebrity #marketing & acquisition
Just checked the weather. What a glorious day our SoCal office members must be having!
You having your breast out every episode is degrading to women.
A visit from David Wondrich made our night. Super nice guy.
"Test-and-learn" is often better than "plan-and-implement" when it comes to new ventures.
#marchmadness RT: Colorado beats UNLV in round 1, missing the Pac12 memo stating the conference has moved on to baseball season.
My cousins texted me telling donna summer died , im thinking she died a long ass time ago .. Smh . R.I.P to her 🙏
see you there!
Definition of #RIT's Big Shot: A wondrous event where hundreds of alumni & students shine flashlights 2 light up the night for amazing pics.
All of those Movies are absolutely horrible!!! But I don't know what it is, I am incapable of turning from them!! lol
lol my eyes are literally drooping. I'm drinking cold coffee because i'm too lazy to get up and use the mircrowave hahahh
great. thanks for the nightmares...
Maryland offering $200 gift cards for dead snakehead fish.
I saw that movie! Millennium with Kris Kristopherson!
haha this is true :P
In simplest terms, a leader is one who knows where he wants to go, and gets up, and goes. - John Erksine
Bouts to go get my hurrrrrr & nails done! 💇💆💅
See Race info featured on the Cleveland Indians homepage tomorrow, thanks to Majestic Steel! www.indians.com
We just broke through with teams 20 and 21. Only 29 spots left for the
I'm sure my bank acct appreciates you sharing pics, as it keeps me from buying stuff. If sked permits, want to drop by to say hi
miss talking to you doll! Hope all is well with you!
1. Just to watch him die.
