In many, many ways. :) RT : and the #fosterly event keeps on giving.
Congrats to the rebels on their 75-58 point win
yes, let's definitely do that soon! Let me know when's good for you.
Yall would too if ya heard its voice
As Katie Long would say, "Be safe have fun" ;)
: I will stop in on Monday to get caught up!
I wish I could have gone to the J. Cole concert tonight on campus.
RT : on the way back yesßss
who's gonna be up all night?
Showing "Rebel Without a Cause" at Tivoli Theatre in Downer's Grove on April 25 & talking about "The Film That Changed My Life" w/AHFS.
Thanks! Happy weekend!
No thank u!!
"I am sending you out like sheep among wolves." We are the sheep, Jesus is the shepherd. We NEED Him.
Some days are harder than others.
Hey Sheree-What's the name of the song and artist that you did your dance number to? I can't find it anywhere.
lakers got no class when down by a lot
#FF Follow some talented people!
Readers are Leaders. Give Reading a prime attention in 2012
Not liking the 8:30 start for the Devils. I'm ready to go now
Houston art lovers, check out The Big Show this Friday, July 1 from 6:30-8:30pm! DJ Glasnost and drinks by Saint Arnold!
Hands up who had Chelsea v. Bayern Munich in the Champions League final
we look forward to having you!
All beliebers love Pattie=) And :)) We love the #BieberFamily :))
computer reservation. i swear that i usually have more reference questions than this! zero as of 12:30.
thank you for the #FF!!
lets go to the beach, each, lets get away.
W Going to try Troy Anthony's - Cambridge barber that I heard good things about.
#Grilling beef short ribs marinated in #Korean BBQ sauce while sitting under an #outdoor heat lamp. Is this #spring in San Diego?
Thank you! And for you as well! Enjoying your tweets.
We have a room full of troublesome #cataloges at the Best Western Stovall's Inn (corner of Katella Ave. and West St.). :)
Lovin the intensity on my TL today
I think our Debut issue and all the Amazing online content of Rag and Bone Magazine is going to ROCK your worlds!
blast U-Kiss as load as possible
~ I look at my kids and know that even with all their craziness ~ their still my sanity~
do u have an email address for beat submissions?
...maybe bro is the kat!
And great to meet you as well, Antonio. Best of luck with your event planning venture helping nonprofits.
that chocolate was mhhmmm mmhhmmm GOO:))
RT : 1-11-1865: Gen. Robert E. Lee recommends granting immediate freedom to African Americans who enlist in the...
Prince Fielder beat you to it.: btw, can I have one of those french fries coming out of your head"
Why do the Marlins look like the Orioles??
Heard of qwiki.com? Awesome site to use in the classroom!
I Was Wondering Its My Birthday On June 14 Birthday<3 I Go To Miguel Contreras Learning Complex In L.A And All I Want Is A Hug
Excited for twitter chat in 20 minutes!
I'm not sure what car to get next... #Fox says Volvo and #CBS says Fiat.
RT LOL : RT : Attractive person: "Hi, how are you?" me: "who the fuck paid you.."
Recently M&amp;amp;M’s also launched five new flavors
You are worthy only to be mocked by the words of error. From Explanations of the Ninety-Five Theses, pg. 175 of Luther's Works, Vol. 31
i have been going to shows for longer than I would like to admit. my favorite hip hop act not named public enemy
Just saw the previews from PALOMA's shoot for ATOMICA Magazine. You are going to LOVE.THIS. #film!
Our words may hide our thoughts, but our actions will reveal them. ~ Anon
#ThingsIDislike I dislike when people hate on eachother
We are at Spitfire, Acquabar, and 2nd & Bell
hee-hee my hubby only praises me when I'm not looking lol!
At least I have season four of 24
He once wavered on wavering! He may again. “: The one thing Mitt will never waver from is wavering.”
Looking forward to the KACC event in our lounge this evening!
Sounds like a good plan! Thanks Bille!
Just inbox me, when ever you need too. I'm only a click away. Remember, i don't like it when beautiful girls cry.
: Not only is your lead-in a flat out lie, but the link doesn't support it
Is it fine to sit in a chair or lie down if sitting on floor is not possible due to back injury?
So do I look jailbait enough for you to tweet me?
was it a kyser or?
thanks abel same to u bro
Please stop hating on Turner ..he's developing to become the best player on the sixers! Keep your head up!
Stay bless today
You've got a great account blurb! : ) Thanks for a follow and have a fun Sunday!
well I'm not Irish so they don't mean as much to me but yes I saw them and they are pretty sick
LMKasprzak re: CMC -- Social media is a cocktail party; you are supposed to engage in conversation and LISTEN.
Aw, yeah!
technically not about straight edge, but they use it a couple time they say "what are you one of those straight edge faggots"
No, this is MacOS Snow Leopard. But thanks for the tweet.
If happy ever afters did exist, I would still be holding you like this
Tonight is senior night. Everyone of my friends better be there. Or they lose their friend card
Yes! Love Laumeier! RT : Don't forget about Laumeier Sculpture Park!
I'm bout to get some cereal
Favoriting your own tweet is like liking your own status on Facebook. neither are acceptable.
That's because he's not as popular...
Sent Giuliana gift to LA Studio address- delivered yesterday- pls make sure she has it b4 her surgery- it will help- thanx! :-)
I'll take it!
Getting ready for our first Holiday Season! Thanks everyone for the support! Send me a message for a 25% off coupon!!
There's a nine-year-old with cancer, and all he wants is to trend on Twitter. Make it happen.
I feel bad for the little kids & babies on shows like teen mom D:
Looking back and realizing things I should have done differently..
you ok? wanna talk about it?
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he doesn't love her.
I'm the worst ex-gf! I forgot to wish The Ex a happy two-year breakupiversary on August 6. Glad to say we're tied for winning the break-up.
Woohoo #Chiefs Win!!!
The one thing harder to find than the missing link, loch-ness, and bigfoot is the ever elusive "Helpful Creative Direction"
Everytime I hear my alarm clock I hate it more and more.
we would love to work with on using #WikiProjects to get information out to people around the world
so basicly i am going to be jamba juice fairy tomorrow, get on my level !
She was so ugly she could make a mule back away from an oat bin. ~ Will Rogers
It'd be funny if Chris Brown was dressed up as a spider on that large spider web.
I like yours, too!
What are the plans for tonight? : it would be, if you were here!
Mr. Personal injury lawyer, do you have a website? Do you track ROI (new clients) finding you from website?
I thought class too!!!
last time I called you had a voicemail it was real long I remember having great laughter bout it
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace
And I will make you believe, that nothing can save you, like nothing saved me.
LOL! Well, at least not this time, you mean. RT : I swear I didn't do it! I didn't do anything!
Get tix to see at their 5th Annual Hip Hop showcase in Lisner! The show is April 29th from 6:30-8:30! hip-hope to see u there
On it! Going to grooveshark immediately to get schooled in proper grunge fore-fathers! Thanks for the bands will listen for sure!
Wow. Just wow.
Whoa! What team?
follow me please5
Movie Man: Fast-taking reporters and slow-witted cops
#FatherGod May your #light shine brightly within us, that all be inspired to seek you, in #Jesus name. amen, amen, amen!
completely agree! Well said
Yellow and Green. You know what I mean...
Watching the city council proceedings now....
Maybe if they turned the economy off and then turned it back on it might run better. Works for my computer....
that is an excellent point... I like that
wow hahahahahhaha i love him
Just a reminder- your photo is what enters you in the contest, but winners are drawn at random! We don't want to show any favoritism! :)
All I wanted was you.
Good afternoon
Going to Baking Classes!! 🎂🍰
I'd never be on a reality show, but only because I wouldn't want my mom to see the faces I make when I'm talking to her on the phone
>Hey, sent an email and it was ret...
Welcome newcomers to my fan page. :)
That awkward moment when you realize the vs Whirlyball DEATHMATCH isn't tomorrow and actually starts in an hour. :(
Stop acting like you know me.
1.) Impurities in Petroleum Jelly a.k.a Vaseline, under suspicion as a carcinogen in Breast Cancer. Petrolatum Banned in products in EU.
Following is not conducive to getting any sort of real work done
first thing I think when I look at your avi is cute face :) then it's straight to holy boobs!!!! ;)
Honestly, it hurts seeing robert with amanda :p
Current projects: reading the novella of "Breakfast at Tiffany's" and finding a decent gluten-free Mardi Gras king cake recipe.
Highly anticipating the new Nas album
your 7? What's that?
if my video isn't chosen 4 #loyalsaturday i want 2 know if there is a reason 2 wearing the same outfit @ believe every time?
"Authentic affirmation...is a way of being present to another individual with full attention of one's whole being.." Healing the Unaffirmed
Now we just need an API that would allow artists to add tracks directly from their drupal or wordpress site.
Lol i got this kids earphones tooken away at school on acident guilt will kill me :(
thanks sweetie! *hugs*
Had fab CA red recently. Luv when it stays on ur mind. RT : If is about wine, I am in it. THX for following... Cheers
Thanks for the Webinar! The interface looks great and the new features sound fantastic!
'We want both- democracy and human rights' Mrs. Jehan Sadat Sadat Forum
#Shoutout on the follow back
that looks difficult and slippery. Gotta start doing more pull ups.
#Packer fans! Take note & follow our (verified by to be the REAL Jordy!)
please please please take me to my junior prom this year please I love u so much and there is no1 i would rather go with
Nobody EVER post pics of the welcome signage when driving on to WDW property. I wonder why that is. Never see them.
Want to work together ASAP! Let's try to put something together.
Can't get a home loan? We have investors willing to work with u! Ask about our rent to own program!
Abby: "bro did i ever tell you when i looked in your eyes i just fell in love?" hahaha
Whats goin on people... Good Morning..I need more peoople to follow me....
Thank you Mario, for the compassion & desire to bring to "light" the challenges that many people face each day.
Just started snowing in south Everett.
according to my Friday is also booked.
To succeed... you need to find something to hold on to, something to motivate you, something to inspire you. - Tony Dorsett
Stupid September: "be more funny"
I'm glad I didn't go to prom I had a shit load of fun on Saturday ^_^
learn how to talk first.
Do you have a chapped anus? I know i do ...
bring Morgan to Boston please lol
I think I'm over
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Northbound I-35 just before Parmer
Canada's on now, Czech later, Sweden tonight. A++
What is a CPA?
We seem to remember quite a few of you cats.
would love to hear more about your ministry?
I Honestly Dislike School So Much :(
Get'yer muskets ready! is coming! defends the Georgia Soul front 11/16 w/ a box of leathal Southern Soul 45s.
Thanks for the Follow- your work is wonderful!
Basement. Better lock
hey where've you been?
Good luck! RT : Fingers are crossed this job opportunity pans out.... I'll know more later this week....
fuckin dragons everywhere
Just ate a big bowl of pasta!
Ppl still take pictures with their middle finger up wtf
#feartheturtle RT : I question Steve Blake's dedication to basketball. I think he's just in LA to get jobs in zombie movies.
Just saw the newest GoT episode...I don't have a clue what's going in parts of it. And I've read the books.
you almost done at least?
RT I need locally grown Elderberry Flowers #bartenderProblems perhaps you know a farmer in New York?
im looking at you right now.
Good morning love <3 I hope u have grt day!!! How are u ? <3
Thanks for the historical fiction book rec!
Certainly. But keep in mind the anti-stats backlash from defenders of the status quo, which is still prevalent in MLB 10 yrs ltr.
OSX Lion is awesome! Totally love it
“: I miss my buddy :( ” miss you too boo
aye imma tell u like i told a few others..stop spammin my DM wit that url bullshit! #UnFollowed -__-
We are playing in Lake Charles this Saturday for Contraband Days at the Lake Charles Civic Center 2pm. Come join us if you can. Tix are $5.
Happy marijuana day
Had a blast at my senior jazz recital yesterday. Great music, friends, and food!
Provebs 18:21 21Death and life are in the power of the tongue: and they that love it shall eat the fruit thereof...Watch that mouth!!!!
Thank you for tonight. And HOLY SHIT YOUR DANCERS.
true fans support Justin & Selena
RT : I'm just a girl, standing in front of the world, pleading for a sexy Asian guy to love me. <~ OMG!! Love it-Love it!! Haha!
I love coming to champaign with Elly!
Texas born Texas bred, when I die I'll be Texas dead
GOOD: Met Mark Borchardt today. BAD: He recognized me from something embarrassing.
great webinar so far "How to Recognize Volunteers"
WTF was I just thinking?! I just applied to Food '12 to SPEAK! Still, learning to can has been great for #autsim & #family. Eeep!
I know! :( We had a big event we were covering the next day that needed prep work done that night.
Good job beating out landing strip. It was a tight game!
Today is the shortest day and longest night of the year. Have a cool yule!
hey Sarah! Thank you! You are PRETTY freaking cool too!
"The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you."
hell yea! I demand a the Office marathon soon!
Asa lead, Kell'd all over her
outta 1000s #SexyBabyMovie is 1of 22chosen as "viewpoint selection" meaning"high-quality edgy storytelling from around the globe"
We frankly agree - "We have the most attractive members."
He is a big pussy now! I want adventure!
Well the way the seeding went, that wouldn't have been possible for this round. I still would rather play Philly than Chicago.
Ive never met you but I love you because you are alive and breathing, and that makes you worth it. (:
Thanks. What's the MTA police presence there during the day? Also, what about the cameras? Is the footage easily reviewable?
I miss how things used to be ..
Hey ryan! what's up?
you missed one direction today and JB in the halls
Make a customer unhappy in the real world, they might tell 6 friends. Make a customer unhappy on the Internet, they can tell 6,000 friends.
upholding dignity is always a good thing
Happy Easter!
This would be a nice time to see Soriano bust out of his power slump.
Tomoro going to a field trip all day long to FAU hallelujah no work 👍😃 just walk around a college campus.
what movie? I wanna watch.
Um, worried <:\
Girl put in work, girl girl put in work, girl put in work...push it to the limit, push it through the pain...love
LOL not loaded. I was watching #MobWives & said it. Applied to my crap day at work haha. Plus you know I  her!
If I could get a few celebs behind the Last Breath movement we'd see some better numbers...hm?
Let naysayers be part of your motivation instead of allowing them to corrupt what you know you are supposed to do. Be your own biggest fan!
whats going on
William Levy
Day 2 of working outside in the sun tomorrow. Aruba's so close!
i would go with a yamaha! but u really cant go wrong with either of those starting out!! let me know which one u get!
Mini apple pies are adorable!
Everybody talk and everybody listen, but somehow it's always the truth that comes up missing.
Only been in my new place for a couple days and I'm already headed out for the weekend. BUT ASCAP is worth it! On the road tonight.
As do I. He's a solid defenseman. I guess people think he should be Lidstrom. Which is dumb. I wish those people would watch NBA.
You're welcome! Pittsburgh pride all the way!!!
I know...hate me if you must...
Wings lookin god!!
You will when u get out of school lol
I should've paid to go.
What's the price?
hi let's go shopping!
RT from Iran: several ppl arrested, tracked through public Twitter proxies - send them ONLY to reliable contacts. RT!
Its 10 on a Friday and I'm exhaused..
I really like "Crazy But True"!
Opportunity is the best way to grow and develop our brain. What is the goal of the hiring manager? In the reality are their doing great job?
New song clip tonight. Let's get the people goin'.
Tablet readers of Hearst mags like Esquire spend 5-7x longer on content than website readers, says Chris Wilkes
Going Prom dress shopping for !
I had the same problem yesterday! Something must be going around ;)
Is considering giving Twitter another chance, only because just joined. TWITTER TRACKER TWITTER TRACKER TWITTER TRACKER
The end of wisdom is to dream high enough to lose the dream in the seeking of it.
RT : I wish I could study abroad
def agreed. You could just see him chirpin. No chance that shot hit nothin but net.
Eating something mighty yummy for dinner. Yea, we eat on Pacific Time. But it's worth it! Homemade meatloaf. Plus sweet potatoes & a salad.
Wut to do for the rest of the day
"Faith is a journey into darkness, into not-knowing." ~Richard Rohr
Can you give a shout out wishing out Bengals good luck on the STAAR tests? Thanks!
i unt a teacup pig!!! <3
“ Sometimes it takes a lot of bad relationships to get to the right one ♥
Excellent post, surprisingly moving video.
What part of town?
is happy for that Young double.
I'll punch you in the ballz lady.
best places to grub in Milwaukee?
Thank you for giving the Dregs Of Humanity the shout out they so richly deserve.
Let's get TWO QB's who can't find receivers beyond 15 yards!
MIGHTY MPIYA!!!! CHECK US OUT!!! GOOGLE US!!! YOUNG PHAT!!
yes i am! :D what time are you going??
Are you going to PlayDateMemphis?
#Running on a treadmill is like going to a 5 star restaurant and asking them to microwave your food RUN OUTSIDE
8. Start a 'stop doing' list #ASTD2012 Collins
we definitely have mutual connections a'plenny...good to meet
LOL I DON'T KNOW. IM CONFUSED.
Thanks Amanda for the quick and helpful support!
Dear Mr. Sun, there is no need to be shy. We all love you.
thanks! We can't wait to see you at
's graduation experience reminds me to congratulate all of our 2012 library school graduates! Welcome aboard, one & all!
S/O 2 For Bein So
Nothin' like the psycho bitch in my mother to bring out the psycho bitch in me
I say "boom" a lot. Could be the comic book nerd in me. "Ka-Ploooey" has never worked though.
awww thats no fun i love chokein on a big fat dick
add me on facebook - Freddy Shane Kemery
Master & Margarita concert last week, intense/ haunting w. singing cats & devils.#awesomebands RT : My Dude, my thanks.
I miss running through the rain.. laying looking at stars.. and countless hours in my bedroom..
Glad the power company turned it back on
Man my teacher bheen talking about jail for the last hour
It is almost time!!!
Congrats on 10K !
Participatory Painting series: Tell me about your favorite place without telling me the name of the location.
Any #bellydancers performing at #restaurants? DM us! We'd like to know!
Ever been to an #AustraliaDay party with no #aboriginals? I have. With
breaking news: i'm going back to Salesian next year, the decision has been made, & i'm honestly ohkay with it :D
lol no jerk!
i hate it whenu dont know a guy but your dying to meet him cuz hes cute and seems sweet but then ur friend ditches u to hangout wit him-.-
I thought I was talking to Lisa.
I'm going to the Enter Shikari, Letlive, At The Skylines show on Sunday! I heard you all are busy all weekend and Monday.
Following your advice, sleep when I damn well please :-)
Alright, I'm seeing Norm MacDonald June 8th -10pm show. I didn't think I could handle seeing him alone so I bought two tickets.
Morning....Its the 1st of the month!!
New MMW classes added with Professional M1 Fighter Plinio cruz. Mon/Wed at 8pm. Cage meets the street
Thank you for the delicious apple pie from
Digital Media gives us a chance to be part of the dialogue
Omw to church ; Good Morning ppl
What a week played pine valley in nj and watching the catds 2nite
Way too nice out to stay indoors. Calling it quits for the day. :-)
How else do you think I'm making ends meet? I had to go dark anyway. Too popular.
Face down ass up that's the way I like to What???
And to start the week I just spilled burning hot coffee all over my arm...
My photos have disappeared and my DM's are totally scrambled. Twitter, thou hath forsaken me....
Wow thanks !! Hope to see you again soon =)
probably shouldn't admit this publicly being a native NJian, but am finally getting around to listening to the Boss's Nebraska. so. good.
bought my #SoListen skin! Hope I get an autographed one 😘
RT : That one friend that can make anything funny just by the way they talk.
"It's often said a young child is like a sponge, but...a sponge can be wrung dry, while everything that goes into a child stays there."
Pacers don't want to win
Yes! I will be looking soon at
Homework time is what I dread most about my day.
Results! RT : My daughter is at softball practice. I'm sitting in the car (where it's warm) getting some work done.
Ha had a great laugh today hahaha
All the money in the world wouldn't change my opinion of AFP. You are liars who spend millions to brainwash the uneducated.
That's a great giveaway! Love the glasses :)
LOL have you listen to any of the mixtapes
Deadline extended Regents College #London until March 15, but don't hesitate! #bestsummerever is awaiting!
good luck!!! Hoping for anther championship!! Lol.
In Disney world!!
I wonder why museums don't put up blunt signs: "We welcome photos! Share yours here [insert hashtag, etc.]
Eileen Collins, 1st woman to pilot a #space shuttle is a Webster grad. We r v proud of her & all the other alums who work on space missions!
Lol...smh. What was that feeling again??
On a positive note the #WIUnion emergency response system works better then magic
Scared me for a minute! I thought you said George Zimmerman !
Thanks Dani you got me there! :D
I backdate my good morning texts like a paycheck. So when its really over its not a surprise.
We think 1 of our delicious subs is a great way to start off a week. Come see us & we'll feed your body & soul!
omg you got them??
Thank You Soror!!
Reparative aka Gay Therapy is the worst thing ever for children/teens. It boarders on abusive. Tisk tisk parents
Thanks much for the follow. Following you back.
Hi Carol. I'm a caregiver, too. My husband is disabled-- we do home dialysis.
18:27 Taking care of business now
See ya in a couple hours!!! RT : At the track for race day 1 of the FKCS World Championships.... (Circus Music Follows)
I wish people would keep their mouths shut, unless they really know whats going on.
Girl... you spent years in Minnesota... you should know that!!
OH: i can say, "do you have the check? otherwise, it's hawaiian shirt day!"
Always treat your employees exactly as you want them to treat your best customers. -Stephen R. Covey
lmao #POABK: problems of a band kid
thank you :)
Actually I was just remarking about how you can't serve my needs w/o unlimited data. What's the limit?
I'm thinking stalberg with the game winner and if so you deserve all the credit.
I've barely tweeted today what is wrong with me. I must be getting sick
Im up here making potato chips I already smashed the first batch now im waiting on the second one to get done
you buying coffee?
Anyone going to CLA, MLA (MA), MLA (ME), RILA, or BEA? See you there! #tiredalready :)
Happy Thanksgiving twitter peeps!!!
Fun! Will you stop at Wall Drug for supplies? Drive through the Badlands? Have a great time....
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!38
Josh Dupont & Francie Phelps busting out the tunes right now!
free at noon what's the word bro ?
If you're craving bacon, we will serve you a waffle with bacon on it.
What&amp;#39s Aquaponics and How Should it Change Your Life
the #britishopen is wide open right now, well see if anyone can pull away tmrrw but itll more interesting to see who makes a run on sunday
Owners with more than one #dog shouldn't treat them as equals as pack position is important to a #dog, this only encourages imbalance
so can call brad paisley about the nashville flood, but can't make a public statement. u should be ashamed
Encore faceted searching, sometimes problematic because of conflicting master records
Bitch stop texting me
Ctfu!RT : Actually yeah...let me give him a call, thx for reminding me. ;-) RT : wanna fuck?
When others get mad because I don't give a fuck <<<<<<<
Design isn't subjective, you guys.
What has been imagined cannot be unimagined.
Is speshul snowflake gonna have a hawt love interest w a dark past, but she's so different and speshul that she changes him?
good luck with the blog I can't wait to read it
Ambition>Swag
yeah I unfollow cause you weren't following me! Very simple
OMG! I can totally picture you getting your Pony on!!!
Good morning twitter!!!
Its official. Another bedroom in our house will be filled in about 6 months. Baby #2 is on the way!
base href - it's so simple that I forget it exists, but it's so useful!
he would destroy u...discount double check
tweet and learn
I prefer sashimi as well - nothing better than a plate of sashimi salmon, tuna, and white fish
true, but they have to be similar enough to attend each others events:)
Never have I ever..
Check your Fb inbox
Dinner with Broadcaster Geroge Matthews!!! Check out www.jacketbackers.org for full details!!
Not sure, listen to a few :)
I love me some penis
Music always get the best of me
Taylor leads the way with 5 points
I'll definitely take you up on that...
can u roll me a doobie and I will come pick it up if that cool
Well...The New iPad is nice, but it's on it's third hour downloading and installing the GarageBand app, and it's still not finished yet. :(
I was hungry tho....bout to hop in my bed and go nite nite. Work in the am
You're welcome. Thanks for the generous comments.
Wait. I'm supposed to be eating at least 2200 calories to lose weight. I'm not coming close to that most days. smh. No wonder I'm hungry.
my phone finally decided to act right and send the e-mail
will you be in Austin for ? We'd love to have you as a VIP guest for our show
Q should be offended. kanye talks, not sings, talks on top of music that other people composed.
and go where lol u wanna go but got no destination lol
Nope! I am with TrimBody when you coming by? :) also come to my birthday on the 23rd at Bare and Jet
Thank you so much. I know was very lucky to have him that long and the memories are a big pillow for the pain. XOX
To enhance our shelter residents opportunities to succeed, we partner with reliable community agencies that offer additional services
Feelin like I might need to grab some patron
I feel like every time, it gets a little bit more Cray. Haha. It can only get better from here!
It will be fun watching the Hawks defense destroy LaMichael for a few years before he gets knocked out of the NFL.
So much is happening. Weddings, condos, festivals, cruise and a trip to the hospital. I can't take much more. :)
RT : News to Me appraising going well in MA Region 4! I'm ready for some more OMG moments!
Two years ago today I moved to Bali from Virginia. Quit my job, sold everything, and haven't looked back!
I was really looking forward to it. I was hoping uecker was going to break that out.
Randy Travis singing 'I told you so'... Yum.
it has to offer and....
cool! What do you play?
The Uni Custard last night was fabulous. Butter, salty, rich and wonderful
“: No matter what time of day any time I'm in this apt I'm in pjs and socks. #ihateclothes” you are not alone!
Dad cab for cutie
u gotta have stars on yo team can't win a championship by yoself
hi Bailey!
": So hungry, and I have nothing but burnt popcorn to eat.fmll" Damn...this Captain Harvey's is so good! Lol
Have a GREAT weekend everyone. I'm gone!
Thank you! We are all safe, thank God!
Its raining, its pouring, my old man is snoring, he went to bed this morning.
well that goes to prove how gay you are rachel from france. Listen to "the police" if u like more gay music
Working on the new album :)
Why can't I add a note?
Count De Monet - Sir, the peasants are revolting! King Louis - You said it. They stink on ice.
Bed Head & Sexy Hair are not just classifcations - they're also great product lines
Nothing like hiring movers and watching them break their backs moving your stuff....lemonade in hand, of course
A big problem of mine is that im too nice to people who dont deserve it.
Great leaders plan for contingencies.
Wut does the Oregon Duck got I ain't got besides a cartoonish appeerance? grrrrrrrr
well hell yes Jen!!! LOL!!!
I want to learn how to hula dance
Jim Morrison, Kurt Cobain, Janis Joplin, Jimi Hendrix, and now #amywinehouse. All amazing artist who died at the age of 27.
Fact - it would be cheaper on Ebay.
Aden Dauchess: steps for a lawyer who wants to develop personal brand...specifically identify wants and how they fit into firm brand.
Go Phoenix Coyotes, Go!!
yoyoyo what time do you think ull be hitn the stage tonight
not yet, but you will be in XXL top 9.
I Wanna Go To Vegas For My Birthday...
I still confuse him and Howard Sudberry sometimes
I just love being able to relax while on break! :-)
It will get better.
James Lipton looks pretty good for 85 (!!!!)
Good morning i guess....
Best part of "we are the 99%" -- the revival of the concept of WE.
Work It is matchmaking event this morning. Great crowd. Look for story tmrw. in and in Monday newsletter.
well said, well said. no idea how someone can bash a team they supposidly liked all year long.
Money, just so he's still unbeaten when Pacqiouo sends him into dreamland.
Welcome to my twitter page mothafucka whatchu want
15 minutes give or take and not yet. -abbie
keep us in mind next month... a healthier pizza option for your members!
hey how are you! If you like ADTR check us out and follow us!! :-)
Championship Saturday for Girls Team Camp! Come out to the field house to cheer on your team today!
Goddamn life is good lately!!! Happy chickens :)
Words of great wisdom, sir. :)
My gf wants to break up wth me cse I'm rooting for #Patriots ... Silly girl
heard on BirdNote. Happy Bday #William Shakespeare
RT : I'm marrying this woman. She's awesome. RT : Suck it up, wimp!
As a PM, this is offensive: "We won't expect you to program.. but knowing what the terms MySQL, PHP, & Drupal refer to would be helpful."
can you please follow me im a big fan ! pleasee
#JDaddyFact Justin Says when a Girl is sad that they should listen to His music Because it'll be good for there heart . :)
using a law book as a coaster does not equal studying. Just sayin'.
Who's ready for da new years tweet me bk nd let me know
#Gators dominating the tourney. 2nd round: 26 points win. 3rd round: 34 points win. Sweet sixteen: 10 point win.
Can't wait to get my voxbox next month!
Thank you sir!! Im glad you like it! :)
Thanks! I just did it and it was super useful!
Oh, and every sick track that drunk me put on my iPod the other night was straight from , so you should probably check them out.
saw that, I have a year membership though :/
ive hit a follow limit
WOW! tips are important!
Going to take a nap for an hour or so, and then it's off to Spaulding/Grand for two hours of lovely train action from 4:10-6:10. ;)
Training Myth: You're not training hard enough if you aren't completely exhausted by the end of your workout.
“ #Imagine *having a pillow fight* You: I'm gonna kill you!!! JB: Not if i kill you first. ;) *takes shirt off* You: *DEAD*”
I believe their inability to contain TCU's passing game caused them to lose
Take heart. Heartbeats. As in, inhale, exhale. Inspired; it's just a little more force to be making sound. Which is singing. Yes, even you!
#klout released an official iPhone app. We are underwhelmed. what are your thoughts?
no time warner msg
So psyched! RT : ...& double barline. will premiere "Pale As Centuries" 10/16 as part of
It's a beautiful day! Pick up basketball on your mind? How about yoga in the park? Do it all with !
Love that you're making this so accessible
Good Night Tweeters!! (:
That poor dude! Haha.
Weetabix to sell 60% to Chinese firm
I LOVE THIS SONG LIKE I LOVE BALLIN FREESTYLE..THE BEST TALENT COMES FROM THE MIDWEST CHECK ME OUT
is on tweet limit and know cuz this is herD: omfg I hate this!!!! How long does it last??):
shout out to yossi #talented UP AN COMING producer
Ever wonder what it's like to be a film critic? Watch this weekend for a classic Sneak Previews episode 'Going To The Movies With A Critic!'
I just did work on my moms house while we were there. Just opened a wall for a serving area between kitchen and family room. lol
stay strong!! Everything will be okay! #Praying for you and your family
thinking about getting lasic eye surgery..getting tired of these contacts..
I think, If it's convenient, more people in Rochester should take the bus. It's cheap, clean, & comfortable. There's nothing not too like.
make sure you read the "wasn't" right. :)
don't forget about us in san diego!
I know, it's been a great response. Bravo 2U and your great product! And many thanks for all the support through , also:)
I'll be there Saturday and will give a full report :-))
Thanks for him. But most importantly thanx for defying imaginations by being a PERFECT mom.
Wade!! And 1!
that's awesome! Can't wait to come to the opening. I'm well, thanks. Hope all is well you're way :)
I HATE PEOPLE WHO MENTIONS ME VIRUS. I get so excited and then i see those stupid tweets.. ugh -.-
Optimism is the madness of insisting that all is well when we are miserable
Toyota gets most Florida, New York acceleration claims dismissed Toyota won dismissal of most claims by Florida and New York car owners w
Oh shoot I just saw this! Lol
Like wisky and the under 2nite but i haven't won in a month so what the hell do i know?
Follow my big brother , especially if you're Mexican and like food.
Just because it's the only facial hair you have....
Discussing the rhetoric about planking and tiebowing... I love my major!
All it took was one minute and six seconds to make this a great day.
Nice meeting you and having lunch at the Flash Bus Tour!
lol ...ANYWAYS, point is..it aint as bad as it sounds
Woman how come yal get mad if a dude looks at u but den yal come out with stuff like da Ahh Bra/Genie bra lmao #makeup yal minds
The only solution I see is that we rebel against the Today Show.
Convenient and User-Friendly Mobile GPS Tracking with LandAirSea Systems ... - Sacramento Bee
no problem everything is great in NYC !
"Every time I see your face my heart takes off on a high speed chase" <3
#Bizforum in the speed/quality debate, I think we call all agree to violate the code and say .... It depends :)
A shame that Hue Jackson got fired. I liked him. At the same time, you don't trade two first rounders (potentially) for Carson Palmer...
Strolling through Bayview & walked past an old man with his fly down just peeing mindlessly in the middle of the sidewalk.
Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Packers way to show up tonight.
8 essays left to grade. Today's total so far: 3.
Huntsman: Took flack for serving w/ Obama, but it is a tradition he was raised with.
Well I just got in a car crash.
interesting case study.
RT : Hey homies. MKE Traffic and CHI Traffic apps for Android are in the works! We'll keep you posted on the release dates.
what you think you don't got it nomore!
President of Costa Rica talking about Entrepreneurship and Low Carbon Economy. Go
Guise imma delete soon . Juss telling you now .
Deep inside its killin me, but soon its gonn be killin you
me & Illa should be able to make it. U wanna come thru to meet up & we'll ride together?
I am in fact wearing a hoodie right now & will be making one on cafe press that says "Immature But Rich - The Zuck " in a min.
I won't ever forget you.
Same! #lovinit RT: : First bare leg day of the season!
10/15/2010 Lessons Learned at Business of Software MicroISV on a shoestring
How u want a real nigga when ur hair fake and nails fake!
guess who just got invited to an event by the Birmingham Media Networking Group
I'm a TOTAL nerd. :)
Awh this man said I looked like al b sure at #UWG ...
SPYmouse and Maze finger are some really fun free apps too, you should try them out(:
Very welcome! Have a great weekend.
#FF this guy! Great automotive news! The stuff you really wanna see!
"World domination is such an ominous phrase. I prefer to call it 'world optimization'"
Don't think about 17 yet!!
Happy Birthday and congrats on the booking!!
Check out FEMS Magazine, Fashion Events Music & Sports updates. We're growing and we'll only get better soon
was great meeting rick rubin @ nypl defjam event last night.. i played on demo tracks for one of his bands over 15yrs ago,
I'm done w/ this bullshit.
right on, see you at The Double Door!
your welcome :) what tequila you sippin on?
can't wait!!! Tomorrow night..Go24!!!
applying for two internships, an exhibition, and a j-o-b
The previous presenter gave a shout-out to the MediaKron project BU was selected for. I'm very excited to be working on that.
Have a great time Makiba!
T Minus 0 and still waiting...
Still can't believe how bad we got beat last night!!
Thanks. I'll tell Gio to email you guys
PervsRT : those are good! RT : ArmadaNica I have never tried it myself, but I love clams
just bring it tommarow
#herewebuild an coupon app where you can see all the special offers for #HereWePurple. Qponomics is Free on your smartphone.
Enjoyed the Australian Open Tennis & Super Bowl over the weekend!
Griselda Blanco ha its funny how her last name was
excitement excitement is all i can say for today
HA you know it;D
They are live. Did you get the link?
The couple who trains together stays together. Happy Valentine's Day from Team STH!
Maybe donate to smaller not-for-profit arts orgs instead. Their staff often work 4 free or 4 a pittance to keep doors open
so ridiculously excited for #edcampss tomorrow!!!! can't wait to meet and share ideas w/ others who love what they do :)
those bitches are crazy if they think their gonna win!!!
Craig Mundie pitching same $MSFT "empowerment" story. Real empowerment in government lets me alter the platform provider.
That's such good news! RT Very excited about the number of applicants for our new #prssasdsu chair positions!
Looked like a ton of guys! Cool done in 2 days. Sounds good on Wed. Hope everything else is going well for y'll!
RT : It is a good morning. And the world is better because you are here. Thanks For Listening!
#idol - The judges are in the tank for Joshua. If he wins it will be a huge mistake, similar to Fantasia who has done nothing in her career.
Capcom vs Namco plz be true im about to lose my lunch cuz of this
Happy Cyber Monday
I kno the game and the console
for the $11.22 payment today. You rock!
BK: same feeling. Different year.
Hey hey heeeyyyy
Oh Friday night... We shall see...
No wait, don't go back to the hair perv in that way!!!
Who is going to curate music? Experts in institutions? Musicians? Everyone? Seeing these same themes over and over at
lol a lot boa
im in 100 percent!
Why is every mlk blvd. #ghetto ? Every city , state, never fails !
Come see us at both locations for Small Business Saturday!!!
yep you did I'll send a message on Facebook with more details today sorry I've been slammed -Dom
Thank you for the kind words!!! It means so much to us! We want you to audition for the role of ring bearer!
RT salsa & merengue night at House of Blues in Houston. Reply #vivasalsa if you want to go I have free 200 tix.
Two workers exposed to mild radiation at federal building near TD Garden. Both expected to be fine. Scare over.
. We still need another FA wr, could be after draft tho. Another vet, rookie insurance
follow our friend
if only it was actually toasty. So much is mush.
i like toitles
listening to you right now!
Four words: white wine sweet butter. That's just one of the ingredients in our dinner special tonight, Baked Chicken Fresca. Just $14.95!
goodluck to the #Homewardva staff at the #naeh11 conference presenting
That's right--you're in the middle of that mess in NC, right? WI already has an amendment. Best of luck.
I'll send you a pic(; its a surprise for tomorrow
Tickets on sale today for Beer Hoptacular June 4&5 Aragon Ballroom Chicago!
I love YOU, my iBFF!
Our snow has turned into rain. That's okay too.
hahahaha sometimes I can't believe the things that come out of my mouth
Pretty certain you are the only person with this feeling but I'll check with Bill to confirm. Lol.
when's that next train...I'm tryna ride.
When did you get those?
Thanks for the heads up, got your submission request, we'll get you on there once I clean up a few of my other mistakes :)
I wanna put this video up of wiz on twitvid but I sound so sick -____-
So tired
Our poster is listing it as a launch party for our Teen Early Reads program. And it starts at 6 at Rockville Memorial Lib.
amen Mikey! Me neither i miss the beach
But that might result in a roster move to get a pitcher for Sunday.
“: for every step forward we take technologically we take two steps back intellectually”
Bitches be trippin, so I bought that hoe some shoe laces!
Ya I will be there! Can't wait!
Didn't realize the Morris A. Mechanic Theatre issue was being discussed by CHAP today. I may be here a while.
Let's go to Jersey and sell the #Jets fans Jesus Piece's. We could make a shizz load of money...
what you know bout that cuz? Lol
The latest issue of Vanity Fair mag
Ask a question about Latino education and watch for a response from 3-4 EST using
What the hell is "tebowing"????
I feel like this might be a conversation-changing discussion right here.
Thanks. ;) Maybe a litter bit. *rim shot* :B
Where the fuck are the tour dates?
RT : Rugby World Cup 2011 starts tomorrow!
Sorry, I don't do one-offs.
yes! Bathe it is sunday!
just did(: xo
Watching the TSA employees show up to work is scary! Gangsters and freaks! And this is who's responsible for our safety?!
If you're heading in soon allow extra time on Powell due to the crash on Kelly...let me know where it starts.
When I was 7 I was playing "construction worker" and stuck a screwdriver into an elect socket. Mom laughed. I cried...and shook violently.
For two hundred years we had sawed & sawed & sawed at the branch we were sitting on. And in the end… down we came. George Orwell
Fucking bitch, talk shit about my best friend again and get your ass beat..
Haha yep! & lol yeah, it's fine... I actually do this all the time. :p
Thanks for the RTs
Enjoy the conference, I'm not there today, but will be tomorrow and Fri
s.o "how was ur day?" me: "like a one legged man in an ass kicking contest"
back at cha, sister!
Frank's Red Hot clears my sinuses a little too good.
gunshots In New York? Is there a parade of some sort?
One player was lost because he broke his nose. How do you go about getting a nose in condition for football?
We have enrolled over 300 students in our LA program!! Thanks to all of our #volunteers for their #dedication, #commitment, & #service!
Right now! thanks for keeping me compnay sweetheart you're the best everyone else is asleep goodnight lovely
He might say that, but he'd be lying. I think it's time you start practicing for his next birthday party.
Oh hai Lindsay Lohan.
Thanks for the retweet!
By the way, Atlanta Music Project is on Twitter! Give them a shout and a follow
What are the top songs on your "recently played" list?
Good morning its storming like crazy and i dont got no umbrella YOUNG,WILD&FREE
Best ice cream sandwiches+great night of music RT: Find us on 5th&Congress at #TheWarnerSound 6p-1a at LaZonaRosa.
That was honestly the worst dream I could had ever had.
Mickeys Dairy Bar next to Camp Randall. Nothing better!
Learning a lot about myself, my friends and family keep me hungry and humble
will Aaron Rodgers continue to use Tom Clements as "his QB" coach; even though title will be OC?
Life is a mystery but that's what makes it interesting.
Jamming to your ipod and dancing in the back seat.. my dads reaction WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU ON.
Black people did not create the word swag...it's just the word swagger shortened....
so the pound sign is to start a trend?
thought right. :P
i'LL DO HiM THE HONOR &&ND BE HiS WiFE...💍
Music is my #1 cuz it never let me down and is ALWAYS dere.
“: Can we stop calling it Wildcat? He's a QUARTERBACK!” ..... Kinda, sort of, but not so much
you have a sexy ass boyfriend!!
Thank you so much, I appreciate the feedback!
how about lunch?
thank you! I love you too 😊
get ur doc to write u valtrex if u have multiple ones that wont go away
Hahaha surprise Carson Daily!
Lucky you. Have fun and bring home a W.
Without enough antioxidants in your diet, you can be exposed to free radical damage. Eat more beans, cabbage and cilantro.
The ego resists. The soul surrenders.
#Ilovemymombecause She believed in me when I didn't even believe in myself.
Trust me don't be a thrid wheel!one of my BFFs left me for popularity and I always had her back
When Is That Love Come Down Video Coming Out?
Teens, tomorrow's Coffee House has acoustic music from Jason Ferguson & a paper crafting demo. 7-11pm, 311 S. Madison. FREE!
What exactly does the VIP access buy?
I love you all so much
If people insist it's a scandal for HHS to hire spox Tait Sye, then I insist we call that scandal TAIT-GATE
UK and Cuse both win out. Who gets #1 overall in your opinion?
awesome thanks! Awaiting one last repair on my new printer but think I'll be investing in that and hopefully a ricoh soon!
I'm tryin to let go of the past, should we make this one a double? You ain't even gotta ask cuz its hard to say no.. <3
Just out of curiousity has anybody, especially those in my area, come across any mayflies? Just curious.
Dude, you called me an ass...who started the insults?? I find it sad you have to insult anyone who disagrees with you.
Regardless if I'm LGBT, or not, I'm pragmatic and a survivor. The last thing I need #uppers is a person like that in office.
Just saw "A Walk to Remember.." THE saddest movie I've ever seen besides the Notebook or the Last song. I cried like a baby. #sowhat 😢
good morning world. time to shuffle many hats throughout the day. Just sent off some outfits for shooting.... so much more to do.
How into your workout can you be if you're reading a book at the same time
Respect you a lot but disagree re Rand's female characters-- flat, stilted, cartoony. Rand used them to move her bizarre...
Close. Inner-city lacrosse clinic!
No plans as of yet but keep checking in!
No, sorry.
Ha! That's awesome. Maybe we should do a brief bellydance lesson at PLN tomorrow, and record it for posterity.... :D
Wondering why I'm wide awake at 2:40am when I have a busy day Monday and need to sleep.
No, I currently am not living in LA...but if I was I would have brought them in person ;)
Ok, I see you. Get it white girl!
I'm just here for the free food and the free beer. I don't give a fuck about this game.
trader joe's frozen spinach quiche is amazing
The car crash that is the Jets is now an interstate pile up. Dear Mr Hess, I know your dead but please come back
I'm late and I normally don't follow this stuff but I'm watching the replay of #RHOA and GOOD FOR YOU !!! Good Luck!
Teeth Cleaning Special with full x-rays only $49 call Dentistry of Del Mar (858) 793-7107 www.dentistryofdelmar.com
People we are thankful for: the amazing DP
Four days until pitchers & catchers report! ⚾⚾⚾⚾
how youngboul ponytail popping a wheelie then hitting it with an endo?
Is it just me, or did that episode of #DowntonPBS steal its plot from Days of Our Lives?!
absolutely brother :)
wait till you see what we've got coming up for you. you're gonna love it! Thanks for you follow! xox
What is it with turkeys and the Episcopal Church? A gaggle was spotted at St. Dunstan's this week.
Worse than Heathrow
yo we will make u a dope a$$ song for real !!!!! contact us we could make some money togather...
Yayyy glad you're happy about it! :D
Lets go #Knicks lets do this!
Recording the voice.. can't watch it until tomorrow morning. Nobody ruin it for me. :3
Speakers now chuckling that most people can't benefit from this advice as most cloud services offer non negotiable terms.
i love that song
enjoyed chopping it up and talking shop today at the studio - holler at us for any marketing needs
NE was really cold. Too cold. My finger just thawed out. weather here is awesome last season
Pretty boy Brady or little Peyton? Doesn't matter who you like as long as you
Maurice Sendak on Colbert = the highlight of my day. He's on tomorrow night too.
The egg white flatbread breakfast sandwiches at Dunkin' are actually...really awesome.
aha found the entire cast of the hunger games on instagram :D and they aint fake:))
"The Black Mamba can score in his sleep."
Idkkkkk where u goinnnn or when u comin homo i left the keys under the mat to our front doooorrrr
#FF *new* blogging pals Hope y'all join if you haven't already!
Thank u we appreciate the support but did u know was playing on u can listen n Thurs 8 to 10pm
There are enough people like that in the world that kids in particular key into. Adults ignore it more.
Long day ahead of mr
LOL RT ": #badsexaward #shortlist "'I came,' she said. 'I noticed.' 'My mother told me it didn't happen for women.'""
No love found
I think you will!!!:)
Sleep is a better writer than Awake.
Floatin in & out
Only 1 play tonight. Lines were kinda sketchy so wasn't gonna force anything. One late game bomb though
yay ! can't wait to hear what they think about them :)
duly noted...and I will retweet! Thanks so much for your time!
lol. That wasn't bad at all.
Happy birthday ! Love you!
#YouCuteAndAllBut Not That Cute.
I miss you God bless how are you?
are tickets still available at the door for todays event in asbury?
;o i bet u can do betta then that : ) takes some time : ) Im suckish at math..i use to get c's in math now i get b's : )
RT : 29% of teens in grades 9 through 12 report that illegal drugs were made available to them on school property.
you suck.
If I let you merge in traffic, you best be wavin'.
Wisconsin Commercial Real Estate Women (WCREW) Showcase Awards tonight. Very excited!
What's happening twitter family?? Hope your week is starting off well. If not, just remember, it's only day 2.
By the fireplace, continuing to flip thru book of dog breeds: German Doberman. "prone to insanity." Hmm. Why did come to mind?
We're praying!
first week of course work down. this is going to be a long semester!
Plies new mixtape finna b sum heat
How do you respond when someone tells you they seriously believe there will be a race war within 5 years? That's extra crazy.
Is that their new one that's coming out soon?
Looking at new office spaces, our studio needs to relocate soon! If you know of anything in the Flatiron area, let me know.
Great deal on Sonic Burgers today! Get FIVE(5) Sonic Burgers for $5.95 after 5pm. Only #Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd. No other discounts
#ihavenorespect for man that r bi there is no such thing u njest dont wonna be called gay
I still don't get it. Is this like the 13 NCs that Bama claims but doesn't really have? Lol
I deserve that.
Do or Do not, there is no try
Nine clues given out, only two found so far.
Million dollar catch phrase ": "Your friends call you crunchy granola""
it's grapes !
just arrived at the art institute on Milwaukee and buffalo! come get some fresh organic juices!
R.I.P. Whitney Houston!! U will always be an amazing talent with the angelic voice!
All this action to protest #SOPA is inspiring. Where was it for #NDAA 2012 and the #PATRIOT act renewal?
definitely girly! And I miss you too, its been ages!
its ready
I was so happy to have seen you today!
Open this Sunday, November 21, from 11 am to 4 pm. We will be open on Sundays from now to the end of the year.
Good morning . Time to start my day.
I swear apple is just trying to ruin my life.
I got u..I remember we were texting a while back n I think u got a bf or something. What happened:(
LOLs from all when when she said everyone attending brunch is some kind commissioner.
Won't you teleport to me...
Disappointed that Netflix Instant does not have Big Bang Theory. Just another fail for Netflix.
- Al, I just watched the Today show and I believe you are getting better looking
Lookin forward to game on friday
What's #Pujols gonna do? Stay w/ the #Cardinals? #Marlins? #Angels? Anxious to find out!
I think I can improve on this one...
haha when I first got into SHINee in 2010 and heard Minnie for the first time I was like who that lol
Oh, I didn't know!
enjoy being home! Way to introduce C.J. Into this world...with some football!
I'm cooking tonight :)
Clam Cannery is a short commute from Seattle or Victoria. Port Townsend also has an international airport located 15 min from the property.
Damn. It's been a minute, hasn't it? Did you change your twitter name?
"No steam or gas drives anything until it is confined. No life ever grows great until it is focused, dedicated, disciplined."
How nice is it to be ensconced in a sturdy 4WD in a snow storm? Nice. Very nice. CR-V made me very happy tonight.
S/O to lukee for waking me up -_-
Q6. First Twitter friend you've met or hope to meet in real life
Wilbon and "Korny"! I love you guys! :) make my 5:30-6:00pm the greatest part of my day!
good morning alex!(: have an amazing day<3
hahaha as soon as my phone games kill my battery I'm out of here
you should read ahead in your textbooks for next semester thats what I would do. learning is fun!
at least u got a part:] and it's ok to be nervous! I remember my very first time auditioning and performing…super nervous!
shut up
if all it took was a couple dollars... for u to not fk w/ me... then luv my nigga lol...
. rattles off a long list of #CFB teams on probation in response.
Every party has a pooper and pooper is my boyfriend :( fml.
this is awesome.
per press China and India will pass USA and EU in the marketplace
27st has at least 4 inches of standing water at Howard ave.
Are you happy I introduced this line to you?
Whenever I wear my backstreet boys shirt I hope people are aware that I'm wearing it sarcastically.
<waves hi> How are you?
Any team named #Rangers can kiss my ass. So can #Dallas, #NYC and the "fans" of said teams & cities.
Goodbyes Made You Mine By JT Hodges Is Good! ❤
RT : 2012 #hhawards for Outstanding Set Design, Resident Production goes to...Shakespeare Theatre's Much Ado About Nothing
Ha, caught that too. Sign me up!
#Sony #PlayStation breach leveraged by #APT (Advanced Persistent Threats) to exploit credentials of employees of targeted companies
Check out www.TheActingBiz.com, a Social Network dedicated to connecting Actors, Industry Players and Investors to get the PROJECT MADE!
so growing up, instead of saying u smell like outside, we said "undun smell lk Tony and Willie." We still say that to this day!
It was a day full of studying + book club + filing taxes.
Pains me 2 disagree, but even Dr. Ralph loses me. Saw him at Ryman w a LONG Carter-related recitation. Sweet, yes, but maudlin
Less hostilities, please! RT : I want to love and Tweet u right
we gotta be making love instead of breaking up baby come on let me show you I'm for real lay in my bed
GRAND SLAM!!!
Yesterday with my dad & my brothers the twos very happy
So excited about this weekend!!!
christianity facts
Hi Lynne! Recently finished & enjoyed Scottish poet Jackie Kay's memoir, "Red Dust Road," ....
thats funny mann.. Im done! I cant be bothered anymore lol
BOOKED a principal role of typical Sicilian-Italian Mom in her 1st Indie FEATURE, The Year of the Locusts written/directed by Carlo Mignano.
Let cater your #HolidayParties. 3-Foot Sub only $25. Wings, Salads, Pizzas and more.
Happy Mothers Day to the most amazing mother in the world... Mine! I love you Mama! :)
Listening to Wagner's Gotterdammerung on #wosu live from The Met. Oh those conniving Gibichungs.
hi how are u?
Tired of this, wait till i really leave
nukes noticeably absent from that pledge.
Are you in Toronto? I miss you and a good music scene!
SEE!! Jason Terry has a normal headband!!
Thanks for RT the JD Rockefeller quote.
#NYFA Kickstarter is amazing - we back projects all the time!
Joining the virtual applause for on his last day at Remember, Tommy, it really is a bit like Hotel California.
Last day at Arlington elementary. Never thought I'd spend time working in a school, but very grateful for it.
Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us. -Earl Nightingale
I need to find me some Pirates Booty!!!
Even if wants to check me every time for liking bad boys!
Yo! Mark Nice meeting you & your wife Thanks for the support. Hope her birthday celebration was a hit! Cheers! Christian
Going to dance ~
thank you:)
I now have a reason to go to Lolla
4th game in 4 days let's Go O's we need this sweep who else is at the game today?
So sad when pathetic band dudes think spamming 's is going to make a difference. It's just sad. Especially on Easter weekend. (👌)
Hell yeah. Lol i was talkin abt the Dis on why black Men don't date black Women on
The amount of flannel in this bar is reprehensible.
S. Alpers on Bellini: "(He) lived long enough that he was a kind of latecomer to his own style. "
Anyone know how your tweets can become your facebook status?
What did you think of ?
It's just heart breaking to see a casket three times smaller than any normal one.. Terrifying even.
Dirty mixed boys from dees need to stfu cause I don't play.
Gotta get at least 2 here right?
she's at my cousins house tonight. :o
Text me bacckkkkk. 😔
My body is killing me. 😔
True words of Wisdom
different!! done!! have a bike/run brick on tap for brekki sunday!!
looking for a new agent/manager? find out what others have to say about them...
He spoke a grand total of 44 words on health care, according to
Could go for an early happy hour. Anyone know of any happy hours starting at 10am?
It's just me good ole Whorehey
Excited for the Subterranean show.
Today will be outside Caroline for lunch today! Come by between 11 and 2 and eat some delicious food served from a school bus.
So, Charter Review Commission? Interesting.
Time passes an you start to realize that death is concrete no way you can hide from it. Live in the moment not the past or future,simply now
Merry Friday Y'all! :)
Is that Scott David? lol
Twisting today at Prince Pizzeria rt 1 Saugus, Ma. from 12-1pm for Gannon and Cole's Birthday Party!
#fbadvocacy Ad targeting on FB drilling down to zip, party etc. (Only info shared by users)
Hey my NYC Tweeters... My man is selling 2 tickets to tommorrows Yankees vs. Twins game @ 7:05 @ the stadium! Section 212, row 1! $80 face v
we are currently connecting #pgh and #phi!
For every lb of U.S. by catch, expect 4 lb of by catch, thanks to Turtle Excluder Devices.
You should change your clock then all of Europe will change theirs!
the worst …
My new Einstein came in today! Thank you for your excellent
I don't love everybody . I just love those who love me .
Your state isn't off the hook either cuz! What the hell! Richard Mourdock?
G'nite... Congrats Kat fans... I'll leave the hate until tomorrow.
On the train. The woman sitting opposite me is doing her makeup. I want to say, "ma'am, you can put an eye out that way."
Welcome to the fun house, Heath! RT : Welcome to New York!!!!
Can it be a wine-straight-to-the-face #theresnopantslikepartypants kind of night? Or do I need to do less?
Help! Scrivener randomly compiles my chapters as one paragraph per page. Forum and user manual don't offer solutions
Wednesday's Sports in Brief (The Associated Press)
likewise, but I didnt have enough time with you
going to the second round!
Ha, thanks for asking! I bet you are happy I reply to you often! Ha! Well Italy is splendorous! Its accually very early!
loving sweet+savory bites for parties! mango+spicychicken, dates+cheese/bacon, + sig cocktail: jalapeño tequila+pineapple juice!
I'm just messing with u, Garick:)
RT : Great job members with welcoming everyone to #PRSMS. Seriously. Great job!
mom leavez blanket on leather one too. Cuz I do the "scratch and spin" before sleepinz
okay u havin fun
That's what I was thinking but I found a vepr ak rifle for the same price. Decisions, decisions
Beautiful. Thanks. :) RT The Midwest sends it back!
"The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.” ― Willie Nelson
Aww that sucks
Just ate a toco bell 12 pack
Sparring is on!
yo dude official awk after party tonight. Dm me for the address. Celebrate life!!
I enjoyed that movie much more than I thought I would. Yes, Emma Stone was awesome.
“: lmfao 😉 “: I think it's precious that 's best friend has an infatuation with me ;p””😏
Why doesn't the Brown Line connect with the Blue at Montrose? We feel so isolated from you, #Westside :(
Just donated to sarahpac
Some would say that since the check comes as long as you tow the line, it's easier. But again, depends on the job.
Let's start the petition! Tell Cartmenez where to sign!
What IS WRONG with Fleury?
sorry to hear brother. Your uncle is in a better place now
Just got another piercing! I think I'm addicted.. Lol
New dishes in store 4/5! Get ready for #NicolesChickenPestoPasta w/ free range chicken, tons of veggies, whole wheat pasta, signature pesto!
Honestly this whole Trayvon business disgust me! Don't we all want a better world? #fight4justice!
Wolves are young enough. We need a vet scorer.
Has to be Hoof Hearted.
attending the premier of JOYFUL NOISE WARNER BROS @ Chinese theater Hollywood. Lovely after party...House of blues.
have an awsome day all
Just saw a blood drive in a Krispy Kreme parking lot. I assume this is to replenish from the bypass surgery.
My Dad & I Beat 5 Dollars On The OKC & Laker Game . I Got OKC ! #LetsGo !
gotta take some "me" time now and then.
You've got some balls making fun of my bestfriend right infront of me.
I can't wait to feel better.
Thanks for the tweet about GoingOn. Let me know if you're interested in a demo. Would love to get your feedback.
25 Days till Auditions for QTC Summer Teen Workshops April 30 and May 1 Suffolk Street , NYC.This is gonna be an amazing summer!
I drink because remembering is overrated.
RT : Looking for some tips about using color in your home? Check out our blog about decorating with color....
I hope the #Rangers win tonight! I admittedly, usually don't pay much attention to hockey but even I'm excited for tonight's game!
DC celebrity sightings this wkend: Gingrich and Scalia at 's Werther last night, Jose Andres at Dupont Circ. farmers market this am
my #ff is for he needs to get on that and start following Ice T
Most important person to give control to is yourself-for it's that sense that you are in control that lets you give control to others.
RT Damn. just ate 's apple fritter. Next item up for bid: a set of envelopes.<<<---Oops.
Tonight was fun
aw I love koalas(:
How many of you think your tattoos are symbols of your personality and who you are??
Since I can dunk and can't whistle, give me the art of whistling like Phil Jackson.
For anyone curious about my last question regarding slipstream, the answer is (apparently) no
A rolling stone can gather no moss.
no worries, politics is strategy as much as we would all like idealism. May the best man/woman/animal win!
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do.
A solution, even! “: Haber: "Technology has always been a problem." I thought it was an opportunity. #bcltorphanworks”
Oops, I see that you are not a girl! Sorry, my aging eyes were looking at a tiny pic when I sent that tweet!
RT #conv12 Microsoft integrated its consumer technologies into the enterprise setting << excellent to do that (client)
Aw, shucks. You're welcome. killed it!
I'd never get elected. I'm a virgin who still lives with his mother. Not enough scandal.
Starting A Business, Beyond QR Codes, Facebook Updates And More...
Ya'll already know.
Wow...bring back memories....DMV most def got that 'slap'...SICK!!!!
Party on a boat...
Walked out of school today and came across a circle of guitars and people shouting the lyrics to "Say It Ain't So". whatisthisidonthipster
its raining here
what are you doing thursday night?
Thanks everyone who came out last night!!
well Duh
White castles & taco bell bout 2 make too much money 2day #4/20
And 's Everything Money segment returns. We want you tweeps to hit us with your scariest personal finance questions. Go!
HAHAHAHA I LOVE IT!!!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Titanic <--- do all you can for her & still end up being the motherfucker to freeze to death -_-
I'd just say 'whats up , I've got $50 for compromising green-coat photos' - it's just like how tabloids get their photos
bruised larynx...could of silenced the voice forever!
AZTECS! RT : Getting ready to head to the tilted kilt @ 10 am to watch the 11 am SD State game vs BYU...GO SDSU AZTECS WOOHOO
Stupid combat boots make my feet uglier each time
new version out. password protected posts are safely loaded.
is so cute!
dont worry i will i think its gonna b more black girls on the team then white girls
lol jk, back to bville because the pub only had breakfast sandwiches from 10-10:30? whatever, guess you don't get my money then!
So the random band that's been all over my Dropkick Pandora station is playing at this weekend. Tickets acquired.
class 2014 ready to show all PG's how to really play this position
KRONWALL! that was PAINFUL to watch. ok boys let's use this momentum.
This quickly disappearing pint of malted vanilla ice cream from is the bee's knees.
I've been an 11:11 catching demon lately. Got like 30 wishes waiting to come true.
somebody feel'n themselves
Did you sing along to every song?
Good Luck Warhawks! Bring home another National Championship!
When you try and get someone off your mind is when you most think about them the most
isn't that every night for you? ;)
Happy Birthday!
Peace, Love,& Habitat to all.
Watching #geeklove Everyone needs someone!
How many times will Naturi Naughton play a hooker or hooker-adjacent?
jus pick the time and ima surprise u widd the place ;)
What a pickle I'm in.
Yosemite survival kit: Beer, beer jerky, nuts and clif bars.
FAV tagline from Puzzlejuice the word app says this game "will punch your brain in the face"!!
Dear Swiss Cake Rolls, I heard you calling my name at Walgreen's. Not sorry for ignoring you this time. Yes, we're breaking up. -Resl
getting close to the full set! nathan fillion will be impossible...
Twitter brake
Hi there 2famousTV
#Heartattack Smoking Withdrawal Shows Up in Brain Mood Centers Title: Smoking Withdrawal Shows Up in Brain Mood Centers Category: Health Ne
What is up with the sport shows stating Kansas would have won if there were a couple minutes to go?
life is good bezzie! Thank God I'm alive. How's college life?
and your chance is gone.
Want to sell beats online? Here's how.... 1. Find something that works 2. Apply it to your website 3. Scale it.
email sent waiting for reply
Coming out on the other side of detoxing...feeling good!
Please consider weather conditions when choosing your restaurant. The closer the restaurant is to you the greater chance it arrives sooner.
ugh, no bueno y'all
#rets attendees please note that the rooms listed on crowdvine aren't always correct. Check the printed schedule.
Two Plus Two was not hacked. Mason Perma banned self and everyone! has found out Mason is a droid is dissecting him!
Hope you had a Happy Birthday!
Thank you for connecting with us!
Today already nuts. The carpet guys are here making noise, we have snow, Bella started blowing her coat and it's GIRL DAY! Retail therapy!
you got it, alex! Give me 10 minutes! Thanks for listening!!!!
In my seat for #Cinequest screening of #Shuffle. Very excited to see !
i would if i had a ride!
Reminiscing things
#youknowitsthattimeofthemonthwhenwhen u wake up in the morning, n go 2 the bathroom, the toilet looks like a freaking bowl of Hawaiian Punch
Great discussion yesterday. We must address college affordability.
Using Windows 7 and Office 2010 for the first time. I will admit, it looks cool and works smoothly on even my big monster files.
Honesty can be contagious. It takes one to open up first to start a chain reaction of honest precedings
Mavs have won 11 straight and still find themselves 2nd to 19-3 #gospursgo who keep the franchise's fast start going with win against Hawks.
": ": Just noticed my sis thinks she's blasted though" ---ayyyy I've been getting hit!" Jelly/:
Aha dayan is an interesting boy ;) lol going to bed..big day tomorrow <3 ^_^
Follow Back,Please (:
LOLs, post Os game BaltoCounty people who don't know which light rail train doesn't go north of North Avenue. This is the SHORT TRAIN!
