free chips too!
Missing my girl:) Hope all is well on the home front. Can't wait to catch up with you and continue building our "P" school.
Jury has reached an impasse on one issue in the Google-Oracle trial. Jury coming in to read a partial verdict.
Yea this one is better!! =D
where are you?
Extra credit: TV-Who gets here first? Start curating video collections
Final, done. Brain, fried.
Too much of my life has been wasted trying to find parking at sdsu.
hope you have an awesome time at the Newseum! I'm here til 6 if you decide to stop by. If not, safe travels!
They are freezing to keep the germs away :)
About to catch up on episodes of HBO "Girls" it might be my new shit.
angel before >>>>freak during >>> angel after
seriously considering getting a crab cake for our wedding... #delish cc:
If Corey can get me the file in time I can have you guys a new acoustic demo today!
Too late. Besides she's "traditional", and I'd be hung out to dry otherwise ;-)
I got indoctrinated as a kid in "Ballet is an art, not a sport," so that quote makes me flip out a little every time I hear it
loving the music right now... writing mix...
THURSDAYS || RT for that good ol' follow
Just rolled thru the toll in ATL and the worker has Jay-Z's "N in Paris" blasting..
Slick work. Looks awesome!
Well that's just peechy!
I gt fans tht I dont even know......
well actually, we deaded each other, but still. It was for the best.
hiding behind juan from ms hollis;)
I'm 46. Wait, what? Am I the oldest person on twitter?
listening to :) has the best voice 😏
I love your eyes, but I love my eyes more. Because without mine, I can't see yours.
Examining my morning news with a cup of coffee. Wishing for a relaxation day.
Seriously? and acted like grown ups?!
would very much like yummy coffee and yummy cuddles and cant have neither ... dammit
thank you :)
im hungry but dont wanna get for food
Enjoy your Z's !
this isn't really news to you...is it?!
Up Up And Away
P.S. I was about to look up ticket prices.
will start doing videos weekly starting the 25th of august so yep I hav 1 video ready but I want to hav multiple in case Icant
I'm so happy it's finally getting a little cold!
so nice to hear! Thx for making us part of your day :)
The Oklahoma State Fair Exhibition will be an electric feel after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
That drive was beautiful! Finally in the endzone!!
and excuse me if I misspelled his name.
I am fairly certain that speakeasy's don't have bocce ball, shuffleboards and skee-ball.
Not sure. Maybe.
I hope it never does but if it does, I'll take you out for a drink anywhere you want!
My daughters teacher Jenny Johnson awarded her with a gold medal in her class and a letter of recommendation.
Spring Training? College Football?
thanks for the retweet! And hopefully the vote ;)
rocking my watch as I head to Exponential in Orlando. Loved meeting you! Appreciate you so much!
Look out Hotel, we are headed your way next!
lunch would be great today actually - i will email you
I was under the impression that ALL moments with Smurfs are awkward--doubly so if they're costumed humans.
Job 8:5 But if you will seek God earnestly and plead with the Almighty,
Getting ready for Avengers open casting call in Cleveland.
I've never understood why people get so caught up in the past.
TPC Scottsdale on a Sunday afternoon. Don't mind if I do, wish could join
Next time it should be "Bond, James Bond".
pound the alarm. like, now.
Wow! 20 years RT April 16, 1992 - Nirvana on the cover of Rolling Stone. Kurt wearing "Corporate Magazines Still Suck" shirt
*Singing all I want by A day to remember* one day Joshua Woodard would marry me. lol and you with alex shellnut.
Late Checkout!!
Love Isn't Complicated, People Are...
Responded to FIRE @ 46 Point St, Yonkers, NY 10701. Red Cross auto update.
Friends? Nigga I don't know u! Smfh
My brother went to see The Hunger Games last night and loved it. Yes :)
Shift Age webinar with David Houle, #Vistage #FWV Global orientation and changes in leadership
Back at work and about 75% of capacity. Be kind...
Thanks to and for all who came out last night to the We had a blast!
I disagree with that one RT : Don't argue with a #Libra, they don't know how to.
thank you c': im so excited
You cannot shrink...You cannot whisper. LOVE THIS!
Happy Thanksgiving from Denver Family Institute! Enjoy this day with friends and family!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Do u think I need 2 wash my car. Is it that dirty
RT : A kiss from a #Pisces is just the start to a beautiful fantasy.
$10 a tweet would be good!!!
hey, who's at Justin Moore? i'm on of you now
We love our sponsors so much...
awesome! Tell them we say hey!
Its nice to get out of the city and be in the mountains even if it is only for a few hours.
love that show “: Let me just say the show "californication" this season is damn good!”
Congrats ! "Outstanding Locally Created Event" by National Association of Sports Commissions...
Just got off work
Well I'm really 12 but you need to be 13 to have twitter so I just say I'm 14 but I'm really 12 :L
RT Caught Adam Richman of "Man v. Food" enjoying chili at Krolls West. Plan on sharing some food tomorrow, #Packers tailgaters.
I love you sissy! Your the best
amen say wat u want wen u want you pay the cost to b the boss n Jesus name ee say amen
Man what's wrong with females bruh
has never read anything by Euclidean before.
says not to use 3rd party apps to post links to #Facebook because the native share button won't show up.
My baby feel asleep on me :/ I guess that means its time to go to bed
I just love when Austin is happy. Austin happy = Mahomies Happy. ;)
So, I'm your girl that you play with but she's your girl that's "wifey" material. For one, who the fuck says wifey? And for two, i hate you.
Halloween is over, try to resist the plethora of candy & indulge in the good kind of sugar at !
Varla Jean Merman in "The Book Of Merman": Rrazz Room now thru 4/29! Tom Shaw on piano, Roberta Drake on drums.
MT Gotta say the attention to creating highly interactive sessions is a model every conf should learn
lol idk im thinking about it...
Stay safe.
I was supposed to do that tonight and I couldn't get off work :(
Great article. Thanks for the shout-out.
the goonies never fails to cheer me up.
Thanks ! The whole Tixato team is thrilled to hear it. and working hard to make it even better!
I didn't get it. Sorry, I'm sure 1000 people will say that.
We keep getting a lot of direct messages of spam. Please make sure you keep your passwords secure on
: Sustainable Design & the Pickle Barrel Composter
Economics of the situation changed SIGNIFICANTLY after the Braun deal. Team simply cannot afford to pay Fielder now.
It's not my business to reveal or expose though.
When love fails, its okay to cry. But, know when to stop, then pick yourself and move on.
I'm like crying haha I'm so exhausted.
JUST KIDDING
Thanks...I actually head that way in 2 hours for it, so it'll be a fun filled afternoon! ;-)
Special new "Never Ending" game mode for those who have purchased the paid version of CandySwipe! Update in android market
Focus on what you can accomplish for the company during your #internship interview.
Lisa's story will air on CBS 48 Hrs Mystery on April 30 @ 9 PM Central time. Please spread the word...we need answers & justice for Lisa!
Yesterday, Hayley Williams of Paramore turned 23 years old. Happy Birthday!
Got My Invite! Thank you #HANDIEGO #swtor ! Cannot wait to play!!!!!!
Just added to our #twitter list of #publishers. Check out them and the rest of our list.
it was amazing! Miss ya<3 hope your having a good break
i wanna see ya work out for me
what do you know about euthanasia?
I don't blame him either for sitting @ Lt Hvy for as long as he wants.
Who's ready for school?!
for real! It sucks it's do far though
#honesty night i still think abt him
Go Pack Go!!
Remember when did cool morning's w. , when they were just 2 boys from Texas having fun, </3 i miss that.
Let's get one thing straight: This isn't about greed; it's about hubris and criminal fraud by Wall St.
Thanks for the follow. What sort of art and music?
I think I'm the only person who isn't hungover today!
A real man doesn't love a million girls, he loves one girl in million ways.
Coming to the tip-off party before the big #Grizzlies game tomorrow? Be there or be square! So great that the Grizzlies won home court!
Another great day in the H... Is it really April???
Big money, now. Mobile/social/digital content making enormous fortunes in short order. Yah, some flat-out evil inevitable.
honestly a Range isnt that good of a car... its american made.. Audi... Is better
I'm addicted to full house.
Goodmorning Alex how r u what r u going to do today?!:)
mine and yours combined is Aucia .... Just saying ;-)
I haven't done his hair since September 2010. I've fixed his bangs twice, but that doesn't count.
we don't like this lights either! Hope it was something simple! (read inexpensive...)
What do you see a 2006 Prius grabbing in a trade at your shop?
our delicious edibles are spread out through dispensaries all over the valley and the venice beach area. hit us up! our edibles are the best
"Surrender to the Phlow"
I'm on Air Now with DJ TwinkleToes on air personality with WTPS.
Lewis: The goal is to catch the max # of fish w/ min effort. To attain, u need gov intervention.
Pf Changs and the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie! Sounds like the perfect Monday night to me!!
Hoole Library LOVES smart, energetic, and engaged work study students! Looking for a great work study assignment? Call or email us!
Has Ben seen his bday video we made. I've been away from twitter wanted to check in :D. How is the album coming? <3
I get to be with all my favorite people today(:
no way. We could've carpooled AND shared an office. THAT WOULD BE SO COOL I'M SURE YOU'D NEVER GET ANNOYED OF ME!!
Yep, warm weather & uniforms are a good combo indeed!
It's a fucked up world when ya "niggas" talk shit behind your back.
Anytime!! Next time we'll sub coffee for cocktails!
I didn't watch. It's unlike them to give up a 7pt lead w/ 2 min tho, however the gm was flowin...
Not here for this biblical discussion. Lol
Hey Niall. I have to tell you something: your amazing & the haters can back off! Us Directioners love you!<3
You don't realize how much you miss someone until they are gone
whoever invented eggnog should thank the makers of bourbon. kismet
banned in Indonesia!?!?
Rippin' rehearsal tonight. Brand new tune called "Half Happy Songs". Your gonna love it!
Word count goal for today? 1000. EXTRA CREDIT if I make it to 1500!
Sure! Profile where I'm in black is my regular & the one I'm holding up the "L" is my FB page. Follow & like...if u like! ;)
Jeremy, Bring entire "Linsane" team to my Tribeca Film Fest premiere 4/19 "Évocateur: The Morton Downey Jr. Movie." Party too.
If you're going to choose something not to give, a rat's ass is as good a place to start as any.
So true! My new mantra : RT If part of your day doesn't include making someone smile then your doing it all wrong.
I'm outside now
urself in possible true to life place now unimaginable Pages of luscious romance convert ur neurotransmissions into orgasms
I ate that tonight too, but mine was recipe.
My awesome co-emcee at American Cultural Festival! Awesome event, come down and say hi to us!
'American Idol' Down to Four: Skylar Laine Booted From Show; Carrie Underwood ... - ABC News
My personal and work email has started to get out of hand. Around 300 unread between the two, and I see no end in sight.
Happy birthday!
I'm gonna get some studying in! 📖📝
how do we register for the event?
what's up?
I'm moving slowly today since I'm operating on three hours sleep...it only hurts a little :~)
What The Fuck Is #ChurchClothes ? I See People Say You Can Download Music From There
Ah work time
pretty pumped just followed me 👍😄
should have been at you, this is whack!
#pariswolf what colour is your toothbrush?
Glad to hear it! Thx for your support
Go to accounts wait hold on.....I gotta remember
"It seams like fake is the new reaI" I call them Rogan" for Man & Women
Pity those people who believe taxing businesses is OK. Apparently they're too naive to understand those taxes just get passed on to us.
got your autograph yesterday!! <3
ProTip: When someone gives you an Amazon gift card, it will not work when you try to redeem it on iTunes, no matter how many times you try.
Hi Ashley! Where are you looking for a new apartment in Chicago? We'd love to help! :)
The story has only just begun
Xbox Live needs to make some kind of live-streaming app.
Absolutely. Good tips BTW.
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana banana breaks loose
Welcome new follower multi-faceted Bog Writer, reader, book/music/film/travel reviewer.
ughh. typing my essay and then it decide to freeze. need to type it again!!!
Craving Panera Bread now...👀
IT'S NOT A NEWS SHOW! It's more like Morning Blend...
love our song!!!
I know what you mean. If I didn't like Matt so much, I would have to hate him for being so good.
Female athletes in general >>>>>
Men trip not on mountains, they trip on molehills ~ Chinese Proverbs
I solemnly swear I am up to no good!
RT : is down for me again. This is getting old. <-- Don't expect anything better... it will only get worse.
If Hartnell doesn't make that dumb lateral pass, no penalty on Timonen.
Thank you ma'm. I'm honored.
He loves his family and his fans <3
you better be, smile #prom date :p
the 2nd wedding anniversary gift is cotton... so im now off to my husband nice socks oxox
Happy Thanksgiving!!! I am so grateful for Blondie and Brown Eyes!!!
i wont bro! lol
Get the brooms out!
And don't think I just sit and watch. Most of the response I get upon saying "there's a trashcan right there!" are: snapped teeth or "que?"
Doing a good job filling in Gary Roberts footsteps RT : SLA begins 1st up, Gabe Feldman w overview of recent legal dev
"Get over it"....... lol, you talking like I'm streesing what happened, i was just saying!!!
Love Metta World Peace on-ball D, but not gonna get too excited. Let's see that against Kevin Durant. Then I'll golf clap.
Don't ever underestimate Carl DeMaio. He'd have the game masters in the tank.
See the trailer for "Come Morning" on IMDB. And look for my book on acting. "Camera, Speed...ACTION!" All things acting. Not just for actors
One good day doesn't make a success, just like one bad day don't make a failure. One day at a time, baby.
I need to do the same for you! Oh this has to happen!
talknn to lauren ! =)
Thanks! A co. called Pep in Cincinnati, Ohio that does project management for Procter & Gamble. Very lucky!
Pinterest is being so slow!!!
Some people think that gay people can't get married but cousins can. They are retarded because their parents were probably cousins.
i need to go to the gym this semester
haha because the pretty face and the tits come around the corner first lmao!
I got a B
Heavy music is dead. Switching to Reggae.
Congrats Seniorita Hottie!! Well deserved...indeed beautiful and talented.
If you wanna come strip on the pole, don't let me stop you! Happy early Sunday to me! That's a real first 48
hahaha OK, then I probably know his older brother whose longboard he took.
…for you…to justify my love…my love...
Sick of dealing with bullshit. Why can't women just not be retarded?
do you think it's weird that I constantly have "every little thing" on repeat? AskRyan (will you please follow me)
Boys, pull up your pants. Ass hanging out is NOT cute.
well I couldn't talk to you anyways I took the vow of silence today
Scuba diving this afternoon and filming the whole underwater experience. This is going to be FUN!
Sharing the same "spicy" Birthday with & the "funk doc" Get the party started...
miss u too!
Clarification to recent post about parents sleeping w/ infant: Just to be clear, bed-sharing puts babies at risk and is NOT recommended!
Can't make it. Too much to do, too behind. But hopefully will see you in Cleveland!
I'm all for Robert Scuderi, so whomever wins is a win for me.
you should go work with them
I want to shake hands with the wizard behind the Mr. Clean Magic Eraser Mop. That thing is friggin' amazing.
Short term indicators appear to be bullish in my view
Probably would be in your best interest. And, by the way, GREAT late round selections
Hey hey hey, going down to the city in two weeks!!! Cookies will be awesome then, Eli or not :P
are you seeing a jam band or alt-country?
My jokes are like the Nicholas Tesla of tweets in the twitter community (Superior). Yet the hacks seem to come out on top like Thomas Edison
it's an art form :) have a great day!
studio time
Jerk move by Knicks or by Chauncey??
The light is your genius! #shadowgoals Love it! :-)
Could hypnotic marketing change the way you affiliate market online /?p=499
where is AC?
Putting together the finishing touches on 's music video for "The Lost Frontier" - it's going to be something else...
Robert pattinson in water for elephants was sex. Legitimate.
Bwahahaha!--“: Chaz Bono is probably my favorite Transformer.”
LOVE computer technicians! Just gave mine both my old and new laptops to combine to make a great laptop with all the info I need!
Only new thing in MT taser story is the tech: police using weaponry to "demand...respect" is long history for African Americans.
Why didn't you say hey? .... Creeper RT “: Opted not to be a creeper as just walked by me”
Finally getting my glasses back, after YEARS of procrastinating! Friends: "U can now feel safe driving w/me @ night" 😁
The only ppl following me lately R pornbots Or tech-savvy sex workers. Oh snap, #TWEET826!!!
come on man pull the trigger you would look good with
who the hell is #RegGipp, how has he got my email address and has sent me spam email?
I love 520 rush hour!
Hornets nest of a kitchen Course one-Crab and creme fraiche, gougere, basil oil, pickled chioggia.
totally agree...RT : I don't bother with diet coke! Just the real thing.
superfluous. Do you see where this blasphemy leads?" Blessed Theophylact of Ochrid re-telling the commentary by St. John Chrysostom.
I will write this book. And it will become a movie. Starring George Clooney.
How do you get Hulu in Hong Kong???
at least you weren't baking break at the time. I was.
thanks for the follows i followed you all back :)
Thanks! Tell your friends!
You are so kind and sincere, thank you Alyssa!
Got word via contacts that Catholic healthcare heads (who opposed US bishops) have bn summoned to Vatican, as Supreme Ct decides Obamacare.
The Greatest Birthday Gift of all time would be to meet in Knoxville, next month, and then ATL the day before my Birthday.
Roses! #P4RB. Time to prove the doubters who have WI penciled into the #Rosebowl wrong. #MolonLabe. Honor your talent.
I am so Frikikikiki Happy 4 U. I would still be passed out on the floor. I would frame that picture of UR mentions. ♥
You should do a style podcast-- complain about being an archivist and then interview a fellow archivist every ep.
() My fear is not much. Website seems to say the same things. Prez looks to be the same.
:) hope you had a good time last night.
well then you Pll should learn how to respect others without being rude
first rule of fight club
RT - For those keeping track, former Nats Manager Manny Acta has his Cleveland Indians in first place....
Texas State Trooper took some stickers and put them on his Kevlar vest at TXRD. Pretty bitchin!
MAIN STREAM SOCIETY IS VERY SHELTERED FROM SUB CULTURES/CULTS. THESE CULTS HAVE BEEN GROWING IN STRENGTH FOR MANY GENERATIONS.
For sure. And I may be in attendance as well if this other thing falls through. All the best!
baseball superstars 2012. best app ever
no prob... Hope all is well w/ you & Zach!
ill put a bet down on the stalker
RT I love the smell of gasoline
timeline? like? nah...but better be ahead of the curb.-alexis
lol because you copied your stickam status.
jets tshirts reminds me of dennis byrd, who used to draw Ichthus on his ankle tape
Today at #UNPFII and will present statements about 2014 World Conference on #Indigenous Peoples.
To what color I am going to dye mine red meds made it brown
Q: How does Al Gore spell potato?A: T-A-T-E-R.
Thank you; means a lot coming from you.
I'm sure you could get him to take off as many clothes as you wanted him to.
Thanks for that beautiful tweet! We too understand the power of prayer, and that's why we're building=> www.birdofprayer.org
what is LTN??
thats nasty! u smell like diane butt mary feet and the sweat under xiomara stomach
The high quality of a company's customer experience rarely has anything to do with the high price of their product.
RT : It's that time of year! Starting to make those vacation plans for the summer? Be sure you are prepared and ready!......
We're not just about CDs & DVDs, we're t-shirt & apparel screen printers & embroiders. It's just what we do. Hit us!
Reading the 4-Hour work week, that my hubby got for me. I have been at 0-Hour work week since mid march so that would be an increase :P
I hate when people talk with food in their mouth
My L&C tweet got retweeted by the man himself, Thom Zahler. This is why I love twitter- I get to interact w/ my favorite comic artists!
Kodak’s Desktop Scanners Outpace the Competition to Earn Industry Accolades from PCMag and Better Buys for Business
Thanks to all the people who support me and share my videos.
I loved the easy usage of your site, it's clean/clear yet still fun/interesting. I liked the geek speak pic :) the paper
you do not disappoint! Already I am in giggles.
Wooa Xmas is almost here!
Awesome #Yoga followed by Ravioli casserole for dinner
That's wild, Robert. What screen?
that one i like alot
What are you working on with the course prof?
I think I'm Somalia's favorite white boy
Main-ly Movies Presents: Sherlock Holmes with Robert Downey Jr. at the Main Library on April 28th at 2:30 p.m.
- me neither, but then again I was raised Presbyterian, and always found the whole fish on Fridays thing very mysterious.
Don't regret anything because at some point it was everything you wanted.
TATP should be up and running smoothly for the weekend everyone! But don't get too crazy... ;) Until Monday....
Waiting to get my recalled airbag inspected to see which missing part needs ordering. I'm not feeling very productive here.
Really sad I never got to see the #beastieboys perform.
Wearing a white blazer today...any bets on how long it will take me to spill something on it?
why? U are one on the radio also
no you didn't wake me up my doggie did lol
Happy Thanksgiving!
thank god....I trust mark cause of the history but he has everyone nervous
Roger Williams (tx republican) quoted in his "Freedom Express" says he is against "Social Justice", Guess he doesn't want: etc.
yes I know lindsey...lacey tries to hard lol
its not right for me to have this much work so close to spring break
Only wish could join !
Getting ready to head down for the 3rd #VelocityDC w/ , & , are you?
“: Thanks for shopping! Find all your favorite beverages? yea thx!! Coupon was cool
Back to work-Will Skype with Duke Lemur Center Scientist today with a backchannel session for our class.
not yet.
You're welcome.
Did you know that your motorcycle's front tire disperse three more water than the rear tire? Ride your motorcycle cautiously this winter.
Do you know how I know No Child Left Behind didn't work? Maury telling people "you are not the father."
Ok no more procrastinating!
Yeah seriously--long, strange name but certainly thought-provoking content! See you Thursday!
If I agreed with you and your decisions, then we'd both be wrong!
It's kobe with the stomach flu, but it's the rest of the playing like &#%#
haha just had a customer end our conversation w/ "ok, love you, bye...I mean...just bye" hilarious!
I am so proud of mi amigos graduating from vet school today! Gig 'em!!
I got IND at +4.5 last night also. Do you suggest betting at the better number also?
lol is dat a good no comment or bad 1
Remove all door knobs, light switch plates & outlet covers, light fixtures, etc. & put them in separate zip lock bags.
Meek Mill!! where can I send you beats to?!
if you want a shoutout.. all you gotta do is let me no im so bored!
thanks for making such a great film!
Marathon, Rusk, Taylor Co's (parts of): Donna Seidel is the *Real Dem* in Senate Dist. 29! Vote Tuesday, May 8!
My bro is clutch
lol! I guess it depends which zone you live in! Being awake when evone else asleep can have advantages--quiet writing time?
why can't you make yourself another son and stop bitching about it?
Look at me learning how to take care of three children, while all ur doing is learning how to lie out of ur #ass!
a printer bit makes sense....
hey kid, most excellent burning questions interview!
i am sometimes
Really getting sick of homework and school
Happy Birthday to my wonderful, supportive, and gorgeous Momma! I <3 my Mother.
: an objection—even a vociferous one—is only a "complaint" when the listener doesn't agree with it. ;)
Last minute shopping ! Get Great Dresses and accessories and shoes and handbags...
What about those caps?
If you'll be smooching your pooch at midnight this NYE, you may want to bring him by for a teeth brushing! It's only $15. You'll thank us!
am i the only one you call babe ??? o.O
they're SUSPECT! Get some knowledge!
Nothing like trying not to laugh on-air while Bill Reh does his best "I'm too sexy" strut behind the camera...
Awesome Rock'n'Roll night!!!! Loved hanging with the Dolls, and the Crue ROCKED!!! Drum roller coaster!!
“: I'm a huge JMM fan...when is his set time?” 10:50
Nope... Most workplaces have access, though, I think...
People are so cruel. So fucking mean. Its ridiculous that you can bully someone that much to drive them to kill themselves.
thanks so much for your support and kind words! Wow!
A beautiful woman will look gorgeous in the plainest of outfits.
In the mood to spoil !!!!
Hey y'all! Could you guys keep my friend in your prayers please? Also, if you have any encouraging verses about God's love, send em my way!
can I come over???
Please check out our new site and become our friend at www.sunsetislandmusic.com
Perry asks Obama for disaster declaration. Don't mess with Texas, but how's that secession thing working out for you Gov? Fed's useful?
Decided that I WILL wrestle next year.
Vandals hit a 3 to start the half. Kings down 58 to 48
Bogarted the charging station with my 4 USB port charger insisting "Can we share?"
Ha! No, I wasn't trolling. But now I will.
I think that's a dandy idea.
Trying to get organize!
I absolutely love that I just got a "happy birthday" text from my BFF 's mom!
Swear to god I thought we had something special
When escalators break and become stairs I become irrational
I guess I'll see what's going on since I can't sleep.
I'm tired of Florida being on the news for kids being murdered
I hear ya. Isn't that why we all go out? Looks like its time to put that place behind you.
The way guys and girls think is crazy!!! I'm laughing at this whole convo.
#NewFacebook can kick rocks. What are they trying to do? PUSH me onto Google+?
good luck tomorrow! Kick some ass
everything nikki minaj recently put out is horrible.
roger that- let me know when and I'll start pinning some new allhat pics
Uh-oh, it's only mid month and I'm dangerously low on my NYTimes freebies.
always wonder why fans boo each other when they're on the jumbotron but #Brewers fans shoulda let the #hoopster in a Celtics jersey have it.
Lunchtime has begun! Come by and enjoy one of our Irish inspired burgers or sandwiches!
The Chronic
sorry to hear that - let us know which URL you were trying to load at - thx! (cc: )
"it's not until you learn to silence the clutter that you can pay attention to the coincidences" -Santi White
Kinda want to play ball today...
Wow, my phone is effed up like always -_______-
We're excited for you! You're in for some big changes in your life!
Do you know sum1 who won’t walk away from u, even when they see how ugly things can get in your biggest moments of struggle?
this rain has to be outer bands from Danny. I know u think I'm crazy, but these aren't normal storms. these are outer band storms. all day.
Valora Technologies Inc.: 3 Things Missing in Predictive Coding
Pounds of tattoo supply 4 Sale
you misspelled Willie Mays' last name.
Time to take a shower and get ready for work at swapmeet!!! Ehhh lame
Is it rude to throw a breath mint in someone's mouth while they are talking?
You sound fatalistic...lol...
Another beautiful day of rain! I think a lot of Texans have forgotten what a blessing it is.
Can anyone recommend a good carbonara recipe?
easily Skip Bayless he's bound to die first.
Retweet if you love orange soda
US v UK observation No. 2: drinking four days in a week - UK = "social", US = "borderline alcoholic"
well thanks!
hi new friends, great to meet you!
I'll be committed until the end... RIP Mike Delfino RT Why I watch desperate housewives, I'll never know. But... I do.
This woman had tried one suggestion from the course and had already seen positive results
Thank you all for the concern & prayers. We met with the school this morning along with the officer on duty. They are going to investigate.
Need a quick fix on my weight
woah it's five already?!
The bigger the better. :)
I never thought I'd see people grinding to "All I Want for Christmas Is You". White people be crazy!
Yes, inspiring presentation! MT Thanks for presenting to the Study of the US participants from MENA!
yeah what about you? Glickman study sesh?
If you been at a party for a couple hrs and your tweeting about how live it is your lying.
lol I'm talkin bout to lose the weight.... Lol
Other question in most popular headlines: "Is Your Job Killing You?"
Saturday, March 3rd w/ & at The Boro Bar & Grill! 21+ $5 Yea!
Guess ill go to sleep now
Say what you will, but I think it's a great tribute to a music pioneer.
How you start your day says a lot about how you will finish it.! Make time to plan, prepare and execute your strategy for success TODAY!
Hey Friends, Our board is meeting to discuss the topics for 2012 forums/panels - let us know what you'd like to hear about!
when are we gonna get together. Miss you much
When people say Mahoney instead of Mahomie <<<<<
Hey twitter fam whats going on
bitch wants round 2 i'll give her round 2 D:<
Just discovered your you tube videos, fell in love with the music. Gave me chills - keep up the extraordinary vibe
Enjoying some of our Spring Street Farmers Market purchases.
Going to see The Box tonight. I'm pretty pumped. I think I'd press the button. yea, for a million bucks? I would.
how's it goin
Listening to Stanley Clark...
Fucking steak and shake
FUCK OFF! I'll be dipping my toe in the ocean while sippin on something real tough.
Feel sick:|
Glad You Had Fun!
East town mall is kind of dead, but a few kids getting a last minute chance to chat up Santa
You're messages are always awesome!
Did iggy play in the all star game?
awww gurl! What channel was it on? I'm shooting an online commercial for Schwinn bikes tomorrow!
Why is it every time I go to bww's I regret it afterwards..
Looking for musicians for a new project here or
only love march, because of basketball (:
Hey everyone want to be a part of the next generation in social networking? take 2 minutes and sign up today!!! www.iBand.me
your card is officially in my bag, yes me!
Going to take my mommy out to eat(: I love you mom happy mothers day.!<3
oh, hells yes.
What is your biggest fear?
Time to start getting weet for oh yeah the original weetster will be there!!!! I'm getting a cool t-shirt!!!
Seattleites, Don't patronize Rairdon's Chrysler in Kirkland. Very corrupt salesmen at work.
: dunno wat movie does everyone watch
My first time having Hookah!!:D
reminds me of high school. Lol
I'm Rosa Parks'ing it right now
thats y i was gonna talk to u on twitter.... thats how me and got cool... but umm i guess u dont so byyeee
Um,I'on Know What To Tweet?
Thanks for making my nite complete:)
yea i know )x meh. i'm just trying to find you. I'm sleepy so ima go to sleep ): sorry! Goodnight bye <3 ttyl tomorrow!
tell me why I wake up to a chicken every morning? bahahah...
I'm so constipated I couldn't give a shit
DM me this to much for the media
Social gaming for nonprofits? It's happening! See example in book or Blackbaud's YouTube channel to see if this will work for you.
watching the vow
for the record wifi not very good with ssh....connections freezes for minutes at a time.....good thing it is only $5.
LOL...that's what the system is there for...to serve the people.
I wish we delivered! RT : I wish u were here I'd have u Bring me some enchilada soup from Botanas
": You be my Louisiana. I'll be your Mississippi. You be my little Loretta. I'll be your Conway Twitty. #BlakeShelton"
Either you run the day or the day runs you. -Jim Rohn
#FF Follow Friday for #IT experts
So uncharacteristic. Maybe he's too busy running around Hollywood with Invisible Children.
Did the Cubs once again snatch defeat from the jaws of victory? I didn't stay for the end of the game.
what Nike and big retailers are looking at is those long ass lines...200+ lining up for 1 full size run
Atlantis is airborne!
Morning #chicago! Have u been outside yet? Raincoat? Is summer coming soon?
I could never forever dwell in hell... Because I'm the serpent swallowing its own tail. -JB
:) thanks. Oxygen always does the trick.
Los Angeles CA: I had a wonderful acting, auditioning class today with Casting Director Ty Harman. Good Stuff.
andrew bynum had a -20 PER in the 2006 playoffs. that makes me want to cry tears of joy
A cozy day in the studio...
MO! How'd your weekend go my friend?
I've heard some stuff you've done with Jerrin Howard. Really like your work.
she is pretty as hell!
Used Book Sale, open NOW in the courtyard of the Ayala Science Library! (50 cents to $3)
Anyone lookin for a roommate?
I'm always struck by the irony of how very much food is involved in that event.
I ate twice before i came.
Life is so full of misrepresentations that lead to misinterpretations.. These last 2 days have been such a struggle for me :(
yes, yes you should, go there...often.
Slippery slope. (p.s. I'll translate YOUR vernacular)
win the shoot out in green bay! Gratz to Flynn he played like a true champion today!
Absolutely! RT You build relationships by telling the truth even if it hurts or embarrasses you.
Time for dragons and swords...
"If you would thoroughly know anything, teach it to others." - Tryon Edwards
how are you tonight? :)
far from it. spammers are automated feeds. I'm a real person that tries to add value on Twitter.
Oops... Also, celebrity grocery shopping and food trucking too.
Just spotted Colin Powell coming to lunch at StateDept! Starstruck moment.
They Cant stop OD
Harry potter
Yepp! We're still celebrating #Braunamania! Happy Hour Special all night! $5 small plates, $2 domestics, $3 imports, $5 specialty martinis!
Congrats on your book birthday--my students can't wait to get their hands on The Lunch Lady and the Mutant Mathletes!
My timeline is full of #Chill ! D: I need to
hell yea
RT: SarahKSilverman: Text STARS to 90999 to donate $10 to the Autism Schools and Programs
wow she just said to her boyfriend you got punkd b****!!!!!
Writing my autobiography. This should be interesting. XD
but I care!!!! Can't I be enough for once? You can't leave me..
GO FOLLOW and THEY FOLLOW BACK
haha depends on what time you eat breakfast
“A great leader's courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion, not position.” - John Maxwell
lol yu found me on twitter
Are you that rich guy who wants to pay more taxes, but just needs to be asked? No need to be asked, anyone can donate anytime they want.
Hey #heweb11 - make sure to stop by the lobby after poster sessions. We've got t-shirts and HPPO stress relievers for you!
this episode went too fast for me. I can't believe we only have 13 episodes before the end.
maybe it is cheap or free?
true, true. I'll still apply and take it from there.. but theres a part of me hoping I get denied. Idk
*WIN* an E-copy of PRETTY AMY til 5pm PST! To enter tweet "Excited for #PrettyAmy digital release 5/15" <---just 1:30 left!
If someone called me "mrs" I could say "you're making a mrs-stake"
RT Today in 1953: The #NYC Subway fare is raised to 15 cents and tokens are first introduced.
I hope you feel better soon.
Leave it to James Dean to come into my work and make my heart flutter again.
heyy did u know Dynamic Duo is coming to seattle and im looking for a date. How you been?
Niners D going to come up big.
He didn't play in NY and that certainly didn't slow their roll.
Don't forget we've got unfinished business.
Thanks Jake!
Damn this broad is badass!
Walking on sunshine! Got 5 tasks done! Onto the next!! Woohoo!!!!!
Ok LET'S GO RT: “: why wait??.... The restroom is right around the corner;-) teheheee *winks*”
you can earn cash using by taking photos of places people request.Currently someone is reqsting a photo of Sears Tower.
- enjoying a relaxing Saturday with the family. and yourself?
My timeline is full of fan GIRLING girls <3 :D
Is this for real? Man. Awful
I dont remember! They were really colorful! But I cant see the link cux im in the car!
salty i'm not with and from some drunk #greenbeerday roomie bonding today
YEP, you have a link to ya beats?
IKEA furniture has a simplistic beauty that is affordable to almost everyone - great source of inspiration as well.
I feel like now if I tried to go to school without coffee in the morning it would be a complete fail...
At Roller Derby in Boise. So excited!!
I love you , flaws and all <3
you talk to yourself.
Let's go mountaineers!!!!
IRS Tax Audit Representation | Killer IRS Problems
Hey everybody! Tweet me :) -Maria
Everyone, jump on the Kings bandwagon! There has to be some room there.
With my girls tonight and Party on!
today is the final and the obvious
ha the bbq equivalent of
I could care less about what college he played for lol
Lounge chair, tropical drink with an umbrella in it, and a conversation about Cameron. That's how I plan on spending tomorrow morning ;-)
LOVING Hotlanta!! :-) Had a great mexican last night. Cant wait 4 u to visit
do it
Yeah fighting tears thru the movie The Help was work. But it was worth it.
Everyone Dont Forget we have Vistors here in Indianapolis 365 days a year, NOT just during the
Got my Sharp T-shirt on. Go Hawks!
Obviously! RT : We're more interested in the clothes than the awards.
glad to see you doing ya thing! "Eye get that CHEEEESSSEEE" 2 Fangaz for they bitch ass.
Good luck guys!
Corn beef and cabbage is done
Thanks for the shoutout! Now guilt sets in...haven't posted on that blog in ages! Drat! ;)
Steve Jobs, thank you for changing the world.
Oh gosh, it's a difficult one! But as long as you can visit all, hoping, you can cross it off your bucket list :)
Miss ya too officemate! Adding some Muse to my cataloging soundtrack today in your honor. Rocking in MA & VA!
Thank you for watching, everyone!
just making an intelligent guess, but an overconfident one. We might just endorse Filner to spite him.
Homebrew on the office patio. What a great end to a successful week
Don?t let go of your dreams. If you have determination and belief in your dreams, you will succeed in spite of your desire to let go. Ca...
I show suicidal hints, and it makes me want to give in because it seems like nobody listens..
Crazy Headache, Thinking Food Would Help ... NOT!
That sounds good enough to me! You just better hope they're so good i would want more
I live in NC, but don't blame me
We have a good one for you! I will send it as soon as it's released!
Happy birthday to Bob Yoder of , one of the !
This month? Damn!
Hate the EPA? Visit Woodward Ave for a couple hours today and breathe deeply. Get a new appreciation for the good done by EPA.
lol you had me super excited hahahahaha
RT : I text you becuase I want to have a conversation with you, not to be pissed off & get my day ruined.
doing the hair, getting beautified, then heading down to the eastside for a little partying and dodgeball... hah not the best combo.
Just got back home. Met amazing fans today of the Outer Space Men. Tomorrow will be amazing. Check out booth 2465 for the coolest stuff.
Creative Place making with for Falls and 36th today. Come join!
I woke up with Call Me Maybe stuck in my head, remembering the word dubstep and I think was in one of my dreams!
lemon will take the enamel off your teeth. :0
What's everyone going to be for Halloween?? With one Caramel traveling to New Orleans for the spooky celebration, the Salties won't have...
Ok, i will call you later #gottacallsisfirst RT : yep
Just got into my little sisters cheer competition for free because 13 and under is free. -_-
of course he's 6'8 and very athletic with that potential you have to dominate
watching #drumline and secretcly (or not so secretly) missing marching band. Never thought that would happen!
BLUE Laws (holdovers?) UTAH: A husband is responsible for every criminal act committed by his wife while she is in his presence. (WOW!)
Excited that is going to help our team suit up this afternoon.
Congratulations to on his offer to Rice University! Keep doing what your doing! Love ya! (:
I hate coming to the Asian market it be weird because were the only black people here and I swear they be staring at us lol
The happiest people dont necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything
they become our difficulties." Benjamin Franklin
good chance of rain for my trees tomorrow
Hello, I love you . Wont you tell me your name?
We're gathering on Namaadi Corridor. Already have a guild up for Lost Battalion. Msg WittyJedi or Octavian
thanks! what did you think of his OER comments?
Joined the A (the American Association Against Acronym Abuse And Alliteration)
Chicago has a lot of great musicians! Don't let them hide! Support your local artists!
I actually like Netflix's new UI. It looks cute and fun. Haha.
you're a good person.
Ortega's is slowed by the weather but we are faithful to our customers and will keep our appointments today
Bytches go soft as shit wen they not wit they friends . Shows they aint bout that life .
Hello Chicago!
I totally forgot to get the sheet out..... There was a lot going on and it just slipped my mind. I screwed up big time!
Started doing indexing. No Danish projects, so settled for Norwegian.
win that trophy for the family big sis
working on a paper
That makes me believe that talent can still win and beat out computer generated androids!
"I can't catch myself that's why I fell for ur ass"
I know that is why I asked where you got yours. plus i don't want it to fall apart either
Yeah. Him also
Running the world...or at least trying to! :) thx, Elba
got my windchime!!!
I love duel wielding flat screens so I don't miss a thing!
Tasty fruit bars... amazed at the chunks of fruit... got mine at Publix... Awesome...
MT : Letterman: "Newt has dropped out. It's a shame he will not be able 2 fulfill his lifelong dream of losing by landslide."
The text my mommy just sent me (:
Just saw that Soderbergh's Spalding Gray doc AND EVERYTHING IS GOING FINE is streaming on Netflix.
Andy's set was GREAT last night
I'm excited for my Spanish exam, only because my professor is bringing us Krispy Kreme. #whatexam?
testing tweet deck...
U r so hot nuff said:) love u!!
Have a happy MLK Day!
changed all my accounts to christmas themed, and decorated my bulltin board with christmas things. im clearly in the christmas mood. c:
Saturday and Sunday the 12th and 13th we're having a Barn Sale! Check us up on Facebook for a sneak peek of what we have on sale!
I do believe that I love you more.
I like where this is going.... ;) still thinkng about it, huh?
"and my words are paper tigers, no match for the predator of pain inside her."
Walk into breezeway, look for cookies&cream shake,they don't have..make a Reese's shake, walk off to pay, I see cookies&cream..Seriously? 😠
Holy shizz. Bank of America center-aligned the online banking site's post-login home page. Is a better UI on the way?!
I had a fun day at my bro 16th birthday. totally awesome lol
oh my god he loved us
ha :) I was interviewed by KIRO7, asking if I felt less safe now... I don't. You?
........... by the way, i saw your film at SoHo Film Festival.
Sitting here looking at pix of u guys, leaking precum, now to cum...
Francois Payard, defending the price of his chocolate: "Better to have a $2 piece of gold than a $1 piece of sh-t." Um...yes!
Can't I just smite them?
Hate traffic!
This sucks... I feel like shit and havent slept in two nights... Please medicine work and get rid of this sinus infection...
cheers man :)
Thanks for your contribution, and spreading #poetrymash. Love the road less traveled slippers, More to come.
are you lying to me right now?!
My girldfriend is like a trampoline, I want to bounce on her but am usually too tired to bother
Hi Jeremy! Thanks for the follow, hope you're having an awesome day!
Was it in the (early) 1980s?
Still hanging in there, and hoping the rope doesn't tighten..... ;-)
At the movies about to watch Journey 2 with and the rest of the fam
Can't wait to get back in the studio on monday.
#bored #bored #bored #bored IM BORED! O:
Would love to see the guest list for the "Webby Awards" tonight. Has the web come a long way!
Bleh. I hate the heat. Give me a good ole LA winter anytime;) (though the sunshine is nice)
Such a busy week..so nice to be able to lie around and relax:)
Nothing better than having the slow gazelle as your partner in Spanish class.
So who's ready for us to put out this EP?!
So sad to be missing #Little500. Could we do it on Wacker in the Loop?
Go #Bolts! RT : Roli and the Bolts on the ice for warmups, ready to go.
Listening to my boys One direction!!!! Love em!
ik im trying to get a new number will calling so yeah ill let you know
It was fun visiting today. Such a cool place to work! I'm inspired to paint my walls.
fuck wit and all of the non-english speaking professors
Being able to spot creepy crawlers on my carpet in the dark... ✋🔫
We had a great time too! Thanks so much for coming!
Whenever a Japanese person listens to The Shins for the first time, they must be really disappointed.
Colorado Springs people are healthy to be fit, in California they're healthy to look good.
Sometimes a day of talking is enough(:
interested in spending spring 2011 in London? Come learn more! Info. session tomorrow, Wed. Sept. 15 @ 11am in Annenberg Room 3!
Jeremy Lin pretty impressive. Hard to play that well with your eyes (mostly) closed.
Only watching the #Avengers because of the hulk
Word RT & please dont start with that animal cruelty bullshit. Its cruel to have animals running loose.
with both the and the playing today it's hard to get any art making done.
watched my 745 bus drive by @ 730 now waiting for the 800 bus
hope you find her ! don't scare the directioners outta the fandom Lol (;
Also as usual at , I came away w/some great bks, including Talen, *City Rules: How Regulations Affect Urban Form.*
Papaya King has opened in L.A. When to go? When to go?
Someone wanna go meet with me tomorrow night? :D
sure, the act legalizes fantasy football and bans online poker
Don't care if the brackets in shambles.
but also, yeah. i haven't seen her yet, but i want to give hugs. she's strong though. she'll get through it.
Snowing. Glad I brought in a big bunch of lilacs last night.
I think you just did haha. She never tweets me either if that makes you feel better.
Overwhelmed with options now. This time last week, I had none.
Don't put so much kahlua in it this early
maybe I wouldn't spend it, maybe I would leverage it
Always hears the song "Black Betty" when cruise walking through NYC.
"Scary movies are so much better when you have someone to watch them with"-Sarcasm! () *Cough (; * ha I wish.
Cant wait to see my peeps in Tenn...been too long!
RT : It's summertime #lower40nation!! Starting this weekend early...tomorrow night @ 9 come &
Sing to me hahah
Thank you very much :)
By statute, Governor of NY must take full salary. Since Cuomo had promised 5% cut, he must take the full salary and donate 5% of it himself
Why is the word "pixelated" coming up in spell check....how long have we been using computers!? Something needs to be done about this!
Ha life is fucked. When you think you've done it all right and better than anyone you find out it's still not good enough.togiveuportryhardr
I love finding money in the dryer!
Good, its all been good. & You? :)
It's weird to think that this time last week was prom and this time next week will be summer. Time really does fly!
Standing, clapping! RT : Should be goal for all. Be intentional. Happen to your life. Don't let your life happen to you
yah im ok jason im tired of plp lying like i give out nude piks of me on here
I think Bukowski was/is a sexist hack, but even he would have the good sense to not put such a stupid bumper sticker on a white Mercedes.
I can't wait to bring my family to the Reno Basque festival tomorrow to experience some new entertainment and food!
What songs motivate you through finals? RT I'm making a playlist of the best study jams. Give me your recommendations please! :)
IN Rep Bob Morris, really?!? :-/
Happy mothers day to all my baby mommas! Child support will be on time this week
I know you wanted to punch Big Johnny in the face. But you couldn't
#Mild headache -__-
My speech Bouncing Back was very powerful. Cynthia Harris
I've made Gefilte Fish from scratch for a large Seder! Good luck!
So am I and I'm a #scorpio RT #Aries are attracted to the
WISH I HAD MY OWN PERSONAL BLUNT ROLLER RIGHT NW
Working on my memo, watching The Amazing Race and enjoying my stress relief tea!
How do you feel about pizza delivered initial D styled?
when I saw you were a belieber I knew you were awesome. When I heard your voice I instantly fell in love with it <3 ♥ u
Sometimes u expect more from people but I learned that 1 should not expect anything because u get slam in the floor when it doesn't happen.
'Your Things To Do List': Get more folks to follow us on Twitter&Facebook!Help us keep our community informed!
Nice jeter nice!! :-)
I just got dirty work bitchess!!!
1st time living there but not first time staying.
happy new year!
Grilled fish and shrimp skewers#GoodEatin'
are you on ?
In the never ending search for subject matter, I go back and forth between mythic and domestic. Possibly domestic mythology?
c: what's up? d
I will be at the KC IMPROV tonight with Mike Stanley and Tom Segura!
oh ya gurl i forgot to tell u my hair b gettin extra long i gotta go up to sallys and show u cuz ur gnna b like uhoh
Its alright though, gotta make money if im getting outta heree
I'm going to go to bed see ya :D
i don't even know you anymore.
acceptance is the first step to recovery.
We just pushed out a revamp/new design of Judy's Book. Check it out and tell us what you think.
- Thank you
is it weird that I'm eating a beefy 5-Layer burrito at 8:15 in the morning?
thank you is my hero of presentation. I personally love Resonate the most. It's all about storytelling.
good to know - figured study rooms were hot item everywhere
Brides! I highly recommend! RT CALLING ALL BRIDES! YEAR END SAMPLE SALE TODAY ONLY @ 34 E. Oak 4:30-7pm! Gowns fr $999!
then for
heading to sleep.....................GOODNIGHT HAWAII ALOHA BUH BYE TO ALL TWITTERIFICS
I guess the diversity coordinator didn't do their job
we can't wait! See you next week!
awesome. P.S. I'm leaving mine as of EOD tomorrow.
what? Text me.
Women with beards cannot be trusted!
BTW this could totally end up on ! Daley v. The Truth. Ha!
Hey hun, I'm getting closer to NYWIFT membership! I had to go another route, but should be all set for the event Monday.
We thought, because we had power, we had wisdom. ~ Stephen Vincent Benet
is that the only thing you have against Kentucky?
I don't see it much. Admittedly I forget, but when I do watch it's pretty good. :)
ily soo much dont let any put u down and be happy to be where u are. girls are just jelouse and want to be you
I'm sick, so I'm not going to school tomorrow. Therefor, I did my homework for nothing.
Hey , thanks! I wonder which would be faster 0-60, your espresso machine or an angry Tercel...
“: Some people march to the beat of a different drummer. And other people tango!” I prefer tango.
Kamala electrifies crowd!
Nobody's perfect. Everyone makes mistakes. As long as they learn from it, it's okay. Don't hold a grudge on someone who's trying to change.
Love #SwampPeople and
happy birthday !
#nowplaying Pierce The Veil - I Don't Care If You're Contagious
After your #NFLExperience you should try the GPConservatory experience. A tropical oasis just south of downtown #indy .
When it comes to money, I just wait for the weekend or wait for my father to give me it.
HAHAHHA ANYONE WHO KNOWS EVEN THE SLIGHTEST WILL LOL AT THIS
oh haha okaai cuz Jeffrey's those guys that dont like shy girls.
I need a copy of gears of war 3 right now. Someone help?
that's nasty
All you who doubted KU can #kissmyass #haters and to all u #Mizzou fans... U can blow me
Ready to relax
Agreed - RT Breakfast with the smartest people IN THE WORLD.
haha im older than you though.. he better live to be 150 yrs old too! or she
the hell you want her number for ??
Ready to go home -_-
what is you position on gay marriage?
thanks for following... make sure to check out our shows page at
so true. But we're in a hotel so I'm trying to have a whatever mentality about it all
When did adventure time get weirdly dark while still being funny. I like it.
This Petit Courbu is phenomenal. Complex and wonderfully balanced. Oak smell had me concerned, but it's well integrated
i love the new ! im keeping it!
Let's hear "I Burn" by the Toadies!
but just know I'm still mad so I will be pissed at you by tomorrow!
What a day! I'm not allowed enough characters to describe it. Accomplished a lot and excited for 2012!
yeah weirdo
Say hi to Centereach for me! Grew up about 2 mi from Mulcahy's. Saw the orig. Tweet 2 days after I got BACK from a trip up. ugh.
thanks! Glad you liked it.
Thx! RT: Love Atlanta Homes! Gorgeous work.
Junkies arguing politics on bus "we shouln' let no more of them Chinese in, they already said on the radio they wanna bomb us"
140 Letters (including spaces,symbols,etc.) to share what I think or feel lol!!
like tomorrow Thursday.. It's kind of last minute I know
Precisely, They're based around the same technology for almost everything. The benchmarks are useless.
NM State Conference listening to Stuart Crabb from Facebook! Awesome! # shrmnm2012
What an amazing weekend of shooting! Playing catch up today.
haha that's all? That's plenty :-). I managed to succeed in packing...
I miss #Romantic guys ♥
Teams who cut Jeremy Lin are feeling much better today.
"Are those birds or bats? Bats! Bats! They're fucking bats! Flee for your life!!!"
old school fame or new
It's funny how the world turns sometimes...some don't appreciate anything nowadays. I'm slapping myself for not listening to my Dad
Schools front and center for oakland soldiers vs bluff city, bama, ark, vandy, wake, washington, gtown, vtech, memphis, maryland, arizona
are you going to class? my phone is dead and i need my charger lol
This ish is devastating!
Thx. Let me know what u think.
I love this thread of snips -- thanks so much for posting them. Have to get that book.
i put on for my hood..... penn hills
Yes, a natural, complementary stress buster for I recommend for
Ran the crescent city classic 10k race in 57:10 on a very humid day in nola after running 82 min a year ago. Z ran 51:10 what a boss!#HEAT!!
Saying no need to look for improvement cause things are going well is short sighted. Ask PGA how that went.
has went from 50 to almost 500 followers in ONE DAY!! Amaze!! Hope this works LOVE THE SHOW!
I hear you girl!
In 1983 a trust fund was established for the protection of social security where is it now.. All gone replaced by IOU's
Good morning, peeps! It's rainy dreary Monday in #DC. What's it like in your world?
What'd you have at Harvest?
You know it's gonna be a stellar day when brings her WORLD FAMOUS TOFFEE to work.
Your welcome ;) <3
Dreamt a hundred thousand dreams before but I final realize...
just wow at that ending scene at the awards table on
Once you figure out how you want to social curate & how it fits into your broader com strategy — it can become a powerful branding voice.
Broxton opted to set up in KC instead of close for the #Mets? Ouch.
Celebrate the end of the heatwave with a chilled bottle of Lotto Moscato on the deck tonight. Fabulous!
I love the people in surround myself with ;)
if wasn't for you guys we wouldn't be doing the things we like to do...thanks!!
You've got me trippin on my feet, my mind starts racing and my heart forgets to beat 🎶🎶🎶
ok thanks and can u ask victoria if she can follow me plz do me that favor it will be a great honor plz !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love la
bye y'all.
Belts Below Buttocks: How One Millennial Fad Caused Worldwide Sterility
thanks so much!
thanks. *grumbles off to start day for real*
haha its like the greatest brew ever!! Look it up
: Thanks so much for the tweet re our new book!
#ThatDoesNOTMakeYouCool snapbacks, double socks, and chuck taylors. You ain't cool, you just a clone of everybody else
VonChurch is searching for a network programmer to join a A studio in San DIego.
#JumpStreet 100% took care of the problems with Lily's birthday party. I'm a happy camper. Top notch management.
The worst thing is when hippies won't shut the hell up in history class
": Lots and Members' Club are now open! We strongly advise getting here early. #SportingKC" I'm here!
RT Petrino's girlfriend was offered a 1st class ticket out of Arkansas. She declined, stating "I only ride coach!"
If you can't afford to tip your server then you (insert your favorite plural race here) shouldn't go out to eat.
Always a pleasure to listen to your theoretical swimming lessons.
belatedly... Thanks for your mention of the book. Glad you liked it :-)
I always wanna run when i cant yet i dont wanna run when i can... #ironic?
a case of beer for 10 bucks?! thank you 34th lq store
Next up Henry Alford's Would it kill you to stop doing that? Thank you
Living In The Shadow Chapter 9 - car seats baby with animals
Just landed a short term gig for Hart
So many cool things! RT : It's a lot of fun! The Richmond Night Market will open this wknd so go do both!
Official transcripts can be mailed in paper form to our office for processing (first request a transcript from your account)
New York's hottest club is Splash...this club has everything. An entire Indian Call center, little dogs in sweaters, snow cones...
H.I.V. IS NOT A GAME YOU PLAY ON XBOX! ! (THAT SHIT IS REAL)
according to my mom, it doesn't ever end.
Working on getting that couch for the media labs. It will happen. I know it's sorely needed.
Congrats to Cecily Scheinfeld. That is no small feat.
Cool U R encouraging kids 2 write. My mom did too & now I'm the author of "How to Talk to an Autistic Kid." U R funny & smart.
Any #interactive attendees headed to #sxsw from #milwaukee this year? Give a holler.
Does this mean Pax and I are the only people who matter?! I feel honored. RT :
I don't know why dudes think body paint is sexy. I think it looks like weird experimental art
chocolate or vanilla??
West bound and up!
Thanks for the shout out Kehinde! We love happy customers. Let us know if we may be of assistance, we are here to help. LM
From all your favorite Happy Enders: Merry Christmas & Happy New Year! May your days be merry & bright, & may all your endings be happy! =)
I have actually heard of them, but it's been 3 days of showering with water only, so I chose to go to the nearest store...
I haven't talked to you in FOREVER
I'd be worrying/hating on about someone else's banners too I guess if I didn't have any of my own in 484 years.
watch it lumberjack!
are you coming to ft Lauderdale then
the NFL Draft or NBA Draft. Which is better?
Can't seem to access my Ext Hard Drive on my Roku 2. Cable is securely connected. Any tips?
This is such a good day =)
if you loved me you wouldn't be a dirty Scottish pedo and you wouldn't get your hair cut :)
Gonna have a FUN day today at six flags!!
I have no one to talk to now...
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Dr. Fresh Dental Pics and most oral care products.
I enjoy knowing that Jesus is my creator.
The hfboards playoff thread has me rofling.
Fun to hear a talk citing Bump Halbritter while sitting 3 rows *behind* Bump in the audience. I keep watching for sighs, smiles.
Crowd in the Health and Facebook panel somehow surprised at a user that has 1200 friends
The whole 'Christmas trees on top of corporate buildings' trend... I don't get it. It looks very random.
not in the mood to edit audio or listen to anyone or do anything that's not eating
My world are my kids. My kids are my
if you clog it you have to unclog it
Grateful for my grandfathers wise words "it runs just as well off the top as it does from the bottom" keep a full tank
I keep hearing Ernie Johnson say that HE is in "Studio J". Can't stand it anymore, JR's studio needs a new name
Stand-By Alert ! ! Attenberg -- Sunday
That's your first role! RT : A3: Youve got to prove why youre worth it
On Wednesdays we wear pink.. Well sweatpants are the only thing that fit me right now.. YOU CAN'T SIT WITH US!!!
Enjoying some iced tea in the Joe Starbucks. There is currently a line of 20+ people. ALL female. WTF? Weird.
~ Wonderful accomplishment Congrats to you both!
Still have some time to win a FREE cltbuzz tshirt just use #cltOscarwinner for your pick on best picture
Obama: 35000 schools to be remodeled but turned by congress.what does this mean? Political circus? Check out engagemyfamily.com
A very happy birthday shoutout to the musical
Missed Mayor Jerry Sanders' unofficial State of the City speech at Downtown SD Partnership?Check out: ttp://utsd.us/yNe5BR
Don't forget to add guest lecturing for my FOLK 101 class to the list! But I'll reward you with food. Maybe even tomatoes.
off day?
Very observant! Did you see that Michael King was also in both the foreground & background of his shot? We was messin' with ya!
On phones, too many native apps should be websites. On desktop, too many websites should be native applications.
Thanks love!
Such a true story !!! I miss you
Lincoln up 21-14 in the fourth
Imus was different. He disparaged every group imaginable. That was his schtick and everyone knew it.
that's how I feel about Facebook. So I come to Twitter for a safe haven lol
Good Morning #TwitterFamily......Never stop smiling, not even when you are sad, someone might fall in love with your smile....
This card was actually on sell at Target, but pulled early this week because of complaints.How could anyone think this was a good idea?...
Tilda Swinton Wore Chanel to the Chanel Show: Tilda Swinton wore a tweed trench coat by Chanel to the fashion house...
Haha! I hear ya, #Painful2watch ": WTF is up with this? Minaj needs to go away. Truly bed time. #horrible #shameful"
That's a good question bro...i really dont know (considering i havent been on there awhile)? I will check with her..
#ImDone with the arguments and fights now am done with your ass
I'm never gonna drive again! Im soo scared to drive now :(
Yay! RT : Just received my prize from and ! Thanks for the #porklove!
. had a great spotter keeping him away from 3 trucks. Nice work.
Downloaded the instagram app for android but it keeps giving me error messages or my photo is too small. Anyone have advice?
Thanks R!!! Xoxo
Woke up this morning after a dream where a golden retriever puppy was walking on my face. My real life is a far cry from such adorableness.
This just in. Tim Tebow to move to Nose Tackle after Laron Landry shares premium stash of HGH and Horse Tranquilizer
no, thank YOU!
Children in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make children.
I personally enjoy the inner drama of checking the weather every 4 hours. . It's more fun than worrying about the distance
Im just saying your could do better <3
A new fascinating new discovery:gyro bowl.
great to hear it!
decoratig my school locker the 13th my whole locker is dedicated to , , , & (: #Swag (:
ok good cause i miss you!
Give me Bosh in that G. Tech group and you've got something.
mtv challenge "battle of the Exes" it's so on! Haha I wish I still had time to watch shit like this
Friedman: always think entrepreneurial, be proud of your work, think with optimistic paranoia, act as if you are in beta
Challenge your digital brain! Limit yourself to a memory card that can only hold 36 images!
#YEE 192,....... Followers and he NEVER FOLLOW ME :( this is sad :(
RT : “This is a test of lower order thinking for the lower orders.” The 1914 inventor of the multiple-choice test, describi ...
If your not with this #TeamTGuy movement your crazy
What will you read tonight with your child? 20 minutes a day makes such a difference in their early learning.
Got another scholarship (:
T-Minus 20min to MAYHEM RT“: Boogie nights is going to be nuts tonight!!! The boat is crazy busy ”
your ears burning? and I were just talking about you.
Thinking another Vegas trip is very necessary...soon
Is this the circus?
Whoa ! Way way way cool! Madison, you better get to know these guys! Amazing band, on now at The Loft!
I keep having a terrible reoccurring dream. Do dreams mean anything?
It's bring a friend day at bootcamp and I'm bringing Malinda, and will be there, so it's like #earlybirds only not. :)
it'd be easier to tweet if it was live and i knew what you were saying lol
HELL YEAH! JUST WHAT WE NEEDED! DOUBLE PLAY!
today and tomorrow, playing with amazing unmanned gadgets
Sounds like two small planes may be down
Sweet! That looks damn good.
My schedule forces me to nap sometimes. I used to hate it. But with this weather, I'm loving it.
I'm now dating #mycrushof2011 :D
Still not used to hearing the words, "This is a La Cienega train!"
So excited! Going to the park to hoop in a few hours =D
Someone asked about favorite phrase? "Non illegitimi carborundum" which means "Don't let the bastards grind you down".
Go red sox!
Thinkin about a girl.
It's a campaign simulation/training that folks are doing -- click through and join the fun!
Since I never got my poster, I want Q to know that as recompense, he should attend my wedding in November.
thats why I love my wife": Basically. It's sad. You have to appreciate what you have when you have it
Great piece! Burden is among my favorite narrators. You do a great job at showing why. Thanks
The only thing better than prom is the after prom.
For the future isn't... and that's fine with me! Good riddance. Go muck up some other part of the business!
Awesome! Thanks for the info!
Hm, cheapest Tesla Model S AFTER Fed tax credit of $7.5k is $50k. Guess I won't be getting that for mother's day.
The #FreshCoastClassic is all about connecting w/ the community.Thanks for the support & we hope everyone #voted today to make a difference.
I order the grilled veggies every time-Most amazing fire roasted veggies ever! You would love it there. Look for on-line deals
RT : RT : Gerard: Commonsense regulatory framework needed to pursue pro-development energy policy
ALL MY SONS opens Thursday. 460-8500 to reserve.
Finna go to sleep an listen to my music
Need to get you back on the schedule, mane!
eww my first thought, pathetic follows close behind, with weird fitting in there as well, can't DM you (not following me)
date -j 041816042012 +%s gives you 16:04:00 in epoch, you could use that in a script, add an argument for the additional seconds.
FINALLY took the first step today towards getting my PMP certification.
Organize your things to reduce clutter & prioritize your life. Living in a higher quality environment can have a positive effect
it's insane how much I've grown to not give a shit about anything the past year
Great to see you have been following since 08! We are really looking forward to this year's field. will be back!
I dont even know how to contact him.
well it's why I only will eat at Michelin 2* and above. Why are you up so early?
Kate Hudson and Sarah Jessica Parker will be guest starring on Glee next season. Does anyone care about Glee anymore?
Not having time to eat lunch does not mean you should have an unhealthy dinner, yet I still did.
It's a cooler experience, but FB habits are hard to kick and only the uber social will maintain both.
It'd be a mini-reunion. But you'd have to bring work to do.
I hope you all are enjoying this wonderful weather we have had for the last 2 days. I know I am!
Going through an acting dry spell...I NEED WORK!!!
Sure way of getting sick at breakfast is to watch power of financial/bank system in Spain: the true government. Disgusting.
thanks! miss you! come back and visit us!
Good morning to u.
Thank you so much. Good to have good friends and talented artists in my corner. Fam for life RA. Love you bruh
No one has the impression that a plant is in charge of its growing; it's a movement of nature. Why would you think it's different for us?
more that planet.. But it's like $24/month or so
Spending my lazy day playing angry birds. #woot :3
Not in a good mood tonight, people will probably not want to see me at the poker tables, I'm on tilt and haven't even started to play.
2 events coming up at uc tomorrow we will be at the taste of uptown and the first friday on campus we will be at tuc for the meet the greek
I can guarantee you that in 10hours every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #10hours !!!! LEGGOOO !! 63
That was a rough half.
Also tonite: NW CV Civic Assn mtg at civic center library, 6 pm. Topic to be discussed: future of the city's bayfront.
Work then celebrating birthday!!! Happy birthday my friend!
Tom Tom 5 widescreen. I think it's dead :/
Gotta love base running and his speed!!!
Diving today in Huntington beach :)
I'm seeing WebOriginals: Television's New Guinea Pigs at #sxsw - can't wait to hear what Lisa Kudrow, Brian Terkelsen have to say
Teacher: "What is the staircase representing?" Me (in head): *Pinterest.* Others in class: Silence and page turning.
