the DNA test came back, It said you're a twat.
You cannot change the past
got that right :/
Thanks for being our FIRST backer on !
Watching Season One of #Charmed ... I've used all my energy to workout and I am not motivated to move.
I miss you, the old you. The new you sucks.
ur welcome... I need to dm u :)
Juggling audience members' cell phones in an attempt to win them over.
Thanks homie!!! U know how I gets down on the #house tracks!!! I been feeling the house vibe lately! Gant Garrard is BACK!
Thanks for the shoes! Who the fuck are you again?
Use your smile to change the world. Don't let the world change your smile.
ikr i told my mom docs vampires cause they take r blood an they are pervs cause they take r pea lol
Laying off social media for the day. Too political.
Do YOUR young professionals' group meetings have a mechanical bull? (;
Uma Thurman is an ugly woman.
Life can bring unexpected pain & unexpected pleasure. Thank God for them both
I think some of y'all should add me on FB! Tell me and I'll DM you my last name!(;
Thanks for following!!
But other than that, hype prevails victorious.
Yeap RT : If it doesn't sound like a good idea... It prob isn't...always go with ur first instinct
Omg my bday is coming up so excited!! :) but today my friends bf broke up with her bc of me now I feel really bad!! :(
RT My bestfriend passed away about a year ago. His name is IAN JENKINS his foundation must go on
Glad to see #digitalhumanities as a topic at #ajs11 (HT ) Sorry I can't be there!
DC Sports fans!!! advance to 2nd round playoffs, Nats are 14-4, and tonight, RGIII is coming to town
Got a wedding or baby shower coming up? Custom labeled guest soaps or bath salts makeperfect shower favors! 312-320-5862
good going and good luck!
you love it ;)
Sir its rude to stare yes I'm singing a lot loud and using my steering wheel as a drum oo and yes my blinker was the wrong way.. its life
I know what a good race. Enjoyed it.
RT : You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day. ~Marian Wright Edelman
O all those hydrogenated oils.
Lets make some music, i'm open for collabs!
Performing stunts in movie tomorrow!
running late. Be there in 15
I've been doing that, but it is so time consuming :) I figured it was worth an ask!
Rick Ross tonight
Have you noticed dark corners in your closet or bathroom? Wall sconces or recessed lighting could help.
You don't believe in Jesus? You will on Judgment Day.
word we're future tense books siblings
shut up you guys thought i was lying then when i showed the blood it was like OMG.....see im not always dramatic
Been there done that ..
he's such a little bitch
this is old school. Not the Calipari way where you only expect one year. No expects 4. You know that when signing up for it
Did her anyways...
How about Carol Potter(Cindy Walsh) 90210?
it was DELISH! Although I think the waiters underestimated my eating abilities lol
When you lose your virginity you have to feel that it's right in your heart. You can only give one guy that special gift.
Hola Ya'all! Every Thurs. at ATX - 10pm. Ladies FREE...VMG Showcase ROCKS. Hope to C U...XO Miss Z
Sure I'm only working 20hrs, meh,but all night shifts lessens the blow in my mind.
Missing the kid cudi concert tonight.
One of the greatest shows, ever.
That was a dumb question .
I wonder how much Colton and Maggie spent on the campaign cube. Any guesstimates?
YOURE IN TEXAS. I WISH I COULD OF MET YOU TONIGHT:'(
I'm a unicorn!
if those few i had found there way to a thrift store in Vermont,i`m pretty sure that a whole catalog exists somewhere.
Nice break over the holiday. But now it's back to work! Shooting a mini doc today; should be fun.
I'm followin every Nick n Disney star I idolize......YES
I love that brown crush tho::) lol ahaha that's the best crush
looks like we have some big shoes to fill left by and
Pilgrims did not eat potatoes for Thanksgiving as they thought they were poisonous
Lmao never get enough of watching peoples cars turn into fish tanks and drivers covering
that awk moment when i rt the wrong tweet...sorry i meant to rt your spongebob one...not really a creep. I swear.
I loved that line!
Obama should consider waterboarding entertainers. Adult oriented music is fine, but not when it's catered to pre-teens.
after that jam 81-59 (R). Now Kell'd lead over Thea, but Thea not giving up, Kell'd just catching the tail of the Maulers, so 82-59 (R).
It is now my life goal to see spin...
you'll NEVER guess who is coming to visit this weekend...
I know it's tough nowadays with closers and their contract clauses, but the best pitcher RH or LH should pitch when needed
LOL U GOOD. BETTER LATE THAN NEVER. ;)
y'all doing training day part 2?!
Its sum Canes up in here!!!!!
hm... my old boss contacted me today wanting to help with my new business.
As you should! I don't give out tweet number 700 to just anyone. Any chance your pulling a late night as well?
“It’s not who you are that holds you back, it’s who you think you are.” -Author Unknown
Only 2x places left for BIW basic user training event at Woking next Tuesday 12th. Interested? email:
So much news today!Strangers help rescue man from river & a man has a very interesting excuse for shooting fam member.We're working hard 4u!
Working in startups is perfecting the art of the near-miss.
Social Media For Consultants – 2nd Edition Check out these Social Media Tools products: Social Media For Consultants – 2nd E
ugh my sub in class watching a nasty movie
much appreciated man...I'm humbled.
Dressing for cold before its cool.
the old MRS degree?
Thank u so much thanks!!!!!!:)
It�s not what you have in your life, it�s who you have in your life that counts
Okay so the TV show Dance Moms is filmed a couple doors down from me and it's disgusting. I can't believe these woman treat kids this way!
Well dude we really should.. I hope you like our music. If not, i hope ya respect our lyrics about happiness & nature
just signed up for a canning class.
I live in DC and had no idea we have a Bobby Flay burger place. Is it good?
gotcha...you done on the air?
I am looking for a mobile user experience designer who knows CSS. Please get in touch if you know someone who fits the bill. Thanks
(BB) indicates that the reading is on Blackboard.
Top of the afternoon twitter!
Left my church notebook at Jewel in Oct. Recovered it 2 days later.2day I discovered questions written next 2 the notes! #HeReadMyNotes!
I know what she's thinking...
Liked Chevy too!
#Fischer Gallery will be exhibiting Self-Portraits for the month of Feb. The collection most likely will consist of about 4-5 artist.
And I don't use that word!
thats not true at all
now if only this Twitter phenomenon would have similar results with the government and it's shenanigans.
I just got my #DroidRAZR. I love the looks of it - really sleek and clean. I'm transferring data from my old phone now. Keep u posted.
it would be lol
I blame Nunez for all of our problems.
I like the sound of that!
Thanks, Ivan! We appreciate your support!
regret i only saw them once, probably shortly after Ill Communication came out. but always loved their range of influences.
im amazing how are you
m... I need a web face , preferably a 3d one of my face. too tired to get one now though maybe in the am. well laterr.. am...
thanks for the RT
Just living everyday like it might be my last
Wow! We have a waiting list of 80 people for The #HungerGames! Don't worry, we have over 30 copies & the wait time is about 1-2 weeks.
Hey...who's playing in that big Super Game tomorrow?
omg! I'm so happy for her! :^DD <3
About to make some chili for tonight's Xmas party ! Krampus will be joining us
Wow I didn't tweet at all today, but man do my feet hurt from basketball.
thanks for the mention
"Good Morning woodchuck-chuckers it's GROUNDHOG DAY!!!"
KEY WEST CAN GO TO HELL!!
And look, love ain't even love anymore. All it is now is lust, sex, and words with no action. What happened to our society?
Because a thing seems difficult for you, do not think it impossible for anyone to accomplish. Marcus Aurelius
That would be good. Good luck.
i want catfish!
I think I'll write a review tomorrow. Otherwise, I'll tweet more soon!
Hey everyone! Just so you know, I changed my tag to Don't get confused :P Oh! And go follow :D
How is the weather in LA? It's lightning, thunder, and hail here 😁
ehh I guess no not really :/
At "Integrated Studies: Rethinking Space, Time, and Curriculum" with
“: Im gonna die of old age before gets off the phone with Verizon” hahahah lol
RT : You can eat gluten-free, organic food without telling everyone at your table.
Im going wit Pops.this weekend to see my baby sis jordan again what a gorgous baby.
I am sure he'll survive. Fame and money and supermodel spouses seem to excuse some embarrassing moments.
Girl your phsycotic calm yourself. & don't mess with my bestfriend
RT : Speed wins in social media. Speed wins in customer service. If u have the 'We can't say anything now until we hear...
Thank you so much for your kind support! #WeLoveEntrepreneurs :)
Julie close friend to Sam. she wants more but Sam has no clue!!! want to know more read the my book.Spirit Lance when it is released.
- I just did..Just got back in the office. Was busy with tournaments this past weekend
I hate writing essays !!! .
We are up and running on the tweet maker. Follow us for promotions and new products we have in the store.
But thats Baltimore City Public Schools though its not completely their fault. I think one of the chicks had a gun shot wound.
CBN. Come back now.
Hell yeah! RT : Highly curated relevant content is the most important key for future journalism and media business.
thanks for that!
thanks so much, was great to meet you. Dinner was a fantastic start to my time in Van! :)
Trav is back home. #Finally We missed you nigga!
I believe that most royalty free music creators live under a rock or are deaf. It's torture.
Sure thing!
After making Beast of the Southern Wild, Benh Zeitlin, 29-yr-old filmmaker, now owns "2 ducks, 2 chickens, 8 cats, & a giant potbellied pig"
Why don't I tweet, I don't even :/
Keep up the efforts, it will happen when the time is right!
haha its better not too ;)
Solid win for the #Celtics, but they need to play much better the rest of the series.
going to have to try it.
my mentions aren't showing up?!
New album is slawesome! Can't wait for my vinyl to arrive. Favorite song, "Money Saves"
"BRB" = I'm still here but I don't wanna talk to you.
Watching ESPN OnDemand makes me wonder what a sports world would have been like with Marcus Dupree and Len Bias having full pro careers.
Williams spoke of "correspondences between the dead and the living, the past and the future."
I wish we knew the full story.
Wont try to figure it out
Wooooah such a sunny day today! Sweet
We are officially booked as a vendor for the Holiday Shopping Event in McFarland on December 3rd from 9 - 3. Start making your shopping list
got what? O_o
At Park West listening to Fulcrum Point play JacobTV's "THE NEWS". This is awesome!
Actually I think he'd be great for Mockingjay. That's going to need a really strong director.
#mudmelt audience: connection of dyes made for textiles used by biologists to help Visualize cells
"You can tweet but not text me back?!" STFU they don't want to talk to you.
San Antonio: Rain/storm chances with plenty of moisture and a few upper disturbances. Today: M/cloudy, 30% of t-storms, few severe. high 80.
We'll miss you. Great writing, reliable, thoughtful. Hope you get to cover a downward spiral down there. Ha! RT
If I had #OneWish it would be for u to follow me and #WELOVEU <3
Just unfollowed a bunch of people. The changes start now.
Always is. Amazing kids.
nice we'll be down there at 6!
Don't forget that Obama has experience cleaning up messes, while Romney specializes in making them!
About to see The Avengers!!
My life is about to change completely.
I don't wanna get up at 5 am!!!
Would you, could you, have trouble falling asleep if you knew.. what I'm going through.. If I could only switch hearts with you.
Hi- wondering if you have advice on the best way to credit photos on company blogs? Do we need to purchase shutterstock? Thx!
Who would think one goal would win this game
I would expect an 8 yo to be using Wikipedia. I also expect high school students to use Wikipedia in addition to other sources.
Eating pizza
recapping on what an awesome year 2010 was at the 'Gogue! thx for all the amazing and inspiring events. looking 4ward 2 2011!
#NP -Ride It
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that they will always be attracted too
I am extremely hungry
i got ppl down there
Put down the crack pipe that is Portal 2. DOWN.
lol yeah pretty much
We signed Peyton to teach him Tebowing
College football: It Never Disappoints!
TSOI-LA will be at Peter Murphy tonight. Fan for 20 years but first time ever seeing him solo, imagine that!?!
The tacos were very good. But he was not that impressive.
2yrs-old and under are free
'Don't be sad that its over, smile because it happened.'
Reading all that stuff about tsunamis gave me some really scary dreams...
Also - Tapping Moustache Ride Red Thursday. 's Pint Night Friday..
Victorians are ready!!
I am Not A BOHH- Eminem
Edmund Burke: There is a boundary to men's passions when they act from feelings; but none when they are under the influence of imagination.
I have decided that "Call Me Maybe" by Carley Rae Jepsen will be my song of the summer!
Still a little upset but we're trying 2 fix things. Idk how things will turn out but @ least he knows 2 give me time 2 breathe & apologize
lol least my feet a b warm lol
What you won't do. Someone else will.
so many #BPL soccer games on, so hard to decide. Settled on Chelsea vs Blackburn Rovers.
Tyahawn Taylor, bring the pain.
you're so silly! Of course she would :)
Looked and it hasn't arrived yet. Has it definitely been put in the mail? Looking forward to reading it.
Back to reality.. I missed you
- Plan on Getting Fucced Again Tonight !
All I want for lunch is a blunt n your girl #What2ChainzWouldSay #ItsNothin'
You can never run outta reasons to smile .
yess!! get ready for a crazy party when ya'll reach 3 million! (:
Seriously considering trying out for the quidditch team here at my school. Yes, they have a legitimate quidditch team.
Politics is about people and passion. Obama nor Romney don't do it well. Too logical. First heart and gut, then data.
Eve Photos That Will Leave You Floored
Tonight Going Down at Big daddy's For 18 an up cyber bowling $1 drinks, games and shoes...and myself of the tracks all night starting at 930
Only as I'm nearly blown across the street by the wind does it strike me that a coat woulda been a good thing to bring to Chicago
umm idk possibly...only if Harrison agrees to??
Sunday Quote: Be Moved. "Live to the point of tears." -Camus
I swear it wasnt me dude! Enserio. Ive done it to Alexa and Vicky before but I admited to it to see the looks on their faces
Why must he be so damn cute? :3 lol
Really Comcast? You can't come fix my internet until Friday? That's customer disservice
How's the lyrics coming?
Alexa's clickstream option RT what tools do you use to show top referral traffic sources for domains? your competition?
Fuck with my ENOTIONS && see what will happen
Just ate enough for a small army
seeya we love you too :)
hahahahahahaha whats that kids name thats terrible and lives in cali lol numskull go go quick haha im so mean rap is bad
Awww well at least you were prepared. :-). Enjoy your evening.
I got so lucky in the spouse department!! Thank you Jesus for giving me :D <3
I'd give him major major props if he won title without Bosh. But he won't. :-)
that video absolutely made my day. thanks!
HA! RT : Frankenstein never scared me... marsupials do! because they're FAZZT! according to Christopher Walken anyway.
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Robert Martinez! We wish you all the best!
HAPPY RESURRECTION DAY!
We love New York City!
hey, is there a way I could get a contact for you? manager? publicist? I would love to photograph you.
Shut the muthin fuckin Block Down
Really enjoying my SSD enabled laptop right now, XP boots ridiculously fast with dual proc and SSD. Yes, XP, what?
Yeah dude! It's been a part of our Heritage Collections so far, including the one that's out now. More surprises later this year
did anyone ever answer your question about #SXSW ?
Retweet/reply to this & enter for tickets to Savor! + $25 gift cert to Decarli restaurant. www.kuik.com
will be tweeting live during 's #SmackDown, so feel free to ask any questions you want all night! Tag it
Scratch it then!!!
I'll keep that gem close to my heart... As soon as I stop laughing.
i think overall for our team it was great ,however im remiss to say i havent followed who we got after the draft was over
Wild mushroom soup at the White Dog Cafe after visiting an old friend at HUP
An O's comeback would make this a perfect day!
Thanks to all who came to our Holiday Celebration last night!! Great to see so much support from the D.C. community. LET'S DANCE!
New Change-The Gus Potthoff exhibit moved to Walnut Room-Not Maple. Come meet the artist at 12:15, refreshments will be provided.
Sanldess sandbag, movie props, flooding,liquid spills, flooding,
About to go to church o:-)
I seriously don't know what to get my mom for mothers day 😔
Scene Study class with Marjorie Ballentine is the best, she is truly blessed at what she does. Can't wait to learn more,
. explains how to set up DIY 3-point lighting.
Maple Grove Repub. Rep. Kurt Zellers calls budget proposal "feeble & pathetic" attempt to raise taxes & increase spending to balance budget.
You are, at this moment, standing, right in the middle of your own acres of diamonds. -Earl Nightingale
We are all getting SO EXCITED for the Doing the District Launch Party next week! We hope to see each and every one of you there!!!
where is the place to #party tonight in
working at Dunkin Donuts bruvvvv, get you a job :!::!:!!?
All this
#sem2011 Tony Dumas' paper on flamenco was solid. Great use of keynote.
good for stress relief.
#NLCATLANTA Sounds like its time for me to begin producing a video blog..."from the mind of an IKON"
Gone with the Win
Drove out to Eagle Crest Estates this morning. What a beautiful setting! Showing a great contemporary there on Friday!
Listening to Jeff Buckley's song "So Real" always give me chills
thanks for the sweet comment :D
New Version of IzzoNet E-Commerce Software Allows Ability to Run Ecommerce ... - SBWire (press release)
HahA u guys are dope. I wish u guys weren't all the way out in SD though!! Lol
you know its true !
Updating the #uxchat to Wednesday 10am PT. Suggestions for topics?
#Dancemusictweet I cant wait for Las Vegas!! Gonna be a blast!
- It could be worse, my twitter handle could be ssman.
Hey, #kids, want to build games on XBox and learn computer programming but make it fun? Kodu (Xbox store)
um hm
It's been feeling so much like old times that I looked up & to see how they were doing.
Bottom line with Barack Hussein Obama...gays give more money to politicians then do black people.
that means a lot coming from such a funny bitch like you!
no problem!! I'm a HUGE fan!!
Hope all is well with you ? =] Thank you for all your support=] you two are great!
You win some, you lose some, some get rained out. Nonetheless, mostly sunny today.
yes the project is coming along nicely!
I'm gonna go Michael at basketball tonight.
Thanks, I usually do it when im feeling inspired lol
I'm going to relay. But I'm from comp so
Tonight Tonight
Dreamt I ate pie, then ate pie
RT : Prewrap is my only accessory.
All of our holiday flavors available in our mini dozen for only $7.25. They sell out fast, pre-orders suggested or come in early!
I'm going to make a product that contains nothing but promises and future release dates. How much would you pay?
I usually copy and paste the message I want retweeted, then add an RT before it. Is there another way?
psssssst you sexy as hell jo!
...one of the worst choruses I've ever heard! // Yikes...no wonder I don't remember this song at all.
Yay! Looking forward to meeting you. You'll have lots of friends there.
yes it sucks I had pain in my lower stomach 2 days ago had to go to the DR sucks!!!
Messiah Yeshua has taken our sins upon himself that we might be liberated from their weight
"You can't email the fans saying were having man man lady threesomes."
Oh my god...CHRIS MANN!! SPEECHLESS...TO BEAUTIFUL...HE NEEDS TO WIN THIS WHOLE THING!
can't believe people are still giving Demi hate. Didn't you see what you did to her last time?
Will #WalkerFailure give straight answer to ? about why he has legal defense fund & who's contributing $ to it in debates?
good look big homie, I hear ya
lol either way I'm forever jelly of you! Haha
We welcome visitors to Miami. A home town massage is available.
what's your username
Them hoes dirty birds... ATLANTA HAWKS!! Lol
fakin on that mercy remix
Dance moms are crazy.
Sometimes #wish things were different between us...
Next up: the future of Dewey. Keep or chuck? Old Tappan PL has gone Dewey-free, as has Maricopa County.
We need dumber (a little) politicians but more(lots)honest. The slick and dishonest have failed us.We need DUMBER +HONESTER !
Get these open looks to fall! They can't do everything for you!!
Stand up and be counted, be proud, stay positive and be proud of your name.
The burning shame of 14 losing seasons wilts most men. I'm 82% animatronics/military plastics and impervious to anything but nuclear war.
room 310 when you get back
I don't know if I'm too hot or too high...
RT : You ARE the peers = jury of your peers...< that's scary! I'm the peer?
[+] Hindsight is 20/20 but still doubtful that independent IT pros would have OKed either Axon or $400/hr to SAP.
I hope so
Now offering mobile phone rental service to our guests for their convenience to stay in touch with family. more info: 888-581-4446 x100
2. I'm too intelligent, driven and ambitious to spend my life working for someone else
those are in a small section known as the rock pile were the rowdy fans sit.its located in the outfield.
“ Face down by is the shit”
Looking forward to #metadataday !!!
my mum is crazy she took my phone
MAJOR NEWS: has agreed to match 100% of our funding. If you double your pledge, you 4x your gift. Tx Sunil! Pls RT
haha no that was pretty good, felt dumb when you told me lol
Reminiscent of the 60's is it too late?
Listening to of SNL talk about DSLR filming. Thanks Alex for sharing your setups!
The average Maricopa County Golf Home sold for $283K in 2011 and most were NOT distressed sales. Imagine a world without Bank Approval!
Evil Twin Soft X-mas, Haandbryggeriet Norwegian Wood & Founders Double Trouble. POURING NOW....
-YES. We would like all textbooks to appear in Student Center, but some faculty work directly with bookstores.
they do, right after Detroit comes actually. Mid-June
My favorite rapper is not guilty yay :-)
LMBO! “: TF? RT : A man should want to plant seeds in your heart before your womb.”
I've seen George Foreman shadow #boxing and the shadow won. George Foreman
Thanks for the RT, and !
Krov is the best radio station ever!;D needs to quit being liers!!!!!!!!!!You had first!! >:[
3:2 would be almost identical
Just got home. My .02: If you can't say things interestingly you shouldn't be allowed to say anything at all. :-O
Just ran into the Emily and Bruno out for a walk! Great to bump into neighbors!
On FB Timelines: I like they take risks with product. Awesome. But think I'd rather live life than spend time curating it on Facebook.
Yes, that sounds good. We need a Frenchy's in Austin. You're trying to have me making another trip to Houston. Lol
#shadrock confession: escaped the rain on brown's island. Coffee in dryness of shockoe espresso got back in time to see kepone.
Live Your Life♥
Thanks for the birthday sandwich! And then I bought another one. You are my favorite food.
Cypher today. First things first
Modern Times & celebrate the birthday of one of the most important living American composers, Michael Daugherty.
Oh shit. My brother's coming home from college tomorrow already. That was so fast. I'm not gonna be an only child anymore.
Oh, yeah! Happy birthday, Robin Zander!
lol, yeah I'm just kidding, Im not at the show. I'm crying becuz the Bulls just lost
Spring forward West Virginia!
The hound and I are watching the sky dance on the back porch
Do you have anyone available that can speak about construction employment in Southern California today?
Headin to Brooklyn tomorrow!!!!!!
DMB Fish parody song "Let You Clown(fish)"
I enjoy watching Frasier
Word is out ( spilled the beans). is putting on a 50K & 20K in Forest Park late May/early June. Stay tuned!
I had a fun but action-packed birthday weekend. —SPX on Saturday, Adam's Morgan on Sunday.— Exhausted but happy. And now... back to work. :)
Old and slow
What will you do to stay active this weekend??
#WhyDoiAlways feel safe when i'm with you? i fucking love that feeling.
what in the world is Skyactiv Technology?!?
Thanks I will looking at those tweets all night and I will quote them to you
m- #greendrink is my favorite!
#ihateitwhen I get my d's and my b's mixed up...go ahead ask me which one I typed first........idk
oh I loved that place :) just went there a couple months ago. Have fun! :)
heyy what's up :)
Any undrafted free agents sign with the Steelers yet?
Oh chinese food how I've missed you <3
which one is your favorite? Really cool. Tx. for sharing.
come chill me with me and
News Flash: Lori's gonna make it about her
ill come if he promises to sing Bad Romance again :)
Bout to get my work out on...leaving my phone at home!
I need you</3 but I guess things happen for the best:/
Dinner with Samina!
Love Arian Foster's story. Always got to root for a guy who makes the most of his opportunity.
call the police there's a mad man around
i dont know LIFE
No problem, hope you had a wonderful Mother's Day.
art without an audience is a diminished thing Dana Gioia #USC #Writers conference
haha...if you knew who Bernie Brewer was & you spent your time growing up at County Stadium YOU would be a #Brewers fan too! =)
Refs aren't giving Millsap any calls, but I don't think he earns himself any favors by staring them down after each no-call.
what's gonna happen to adam richman : /
February is bridal issue! Send us photos from your wedding, (or your Pinterest account :)
Like, +1, etc...RT Long, but productive week. Looking forward to seeing some sunshine in LA this weekend!!
I honestly hope she does too. Having a great day was all she really wanted.
Follow for follow:)
follow me please??
still in la-la- land
Rest and prayer= my night
I am not entirely sure. I did make flash cards of what the notes said though. But only 3 of them
I don't run the race of life to achieve Hierarchy/Levels/orStatus; I run the race of life to Inspire & Motivate! by Stacey Chatman~
everyone must be a little on edge over there! Hopefully no green knock-out gas shot out the end of it.
Does count as my owner since I'm baxter and his instagram profile pic is will farrell?
:) i like dis
Please stop dick riding athletes ppl. They will not return the favor.
Alright. I'll pick up some lashes. Dollar store carries 'em, don't they? I need to be as cheap as possible. xD
hope you had better luck than I did. Can't wait to see what other people did .
Harvard research reveals that 70% of change initiatives in organizations are terminated because they don't deliver the promised results.
Glad to see you on Twitter
#transit Rally for transportation funding Maryland Statehouse Lawyers Mall in Annapolis on Thurs Jan 19th
Weather in Orlando: Currently 87. Partly cloudy. Humidity 68% Expect heavy afternoon showers.
Bad day ahead.
caffeine stat!
We die clutching glasses,filled with liquor when blasted,when I die last wishes niggaz smoke my ashes, #OutlawImmortalz #O4L"
have a positive Sunday! :)
That was the best lunch nap ever!!! It feels too good outside!!!!
I'm honestly not sure what I did with myself before
live your life, be crazy, love. because right now is the oldest you've ever been, and the youngest you'll ever be again.
We just sent your tweet to our support team. They should get back to you shortly. Thanks!
Awesome site. I like your variety of products
Your boys are so darn cute!
haha, well, you're the sign right before me. :) And me, too, although I didn't really watch the Ivory Coast until the '10 Cup
Nothing will work unless you do - Maya Angelou. Quotes by
it's always gorgeous. I so wanna live in the highest skyscraper. fck my fear of heights lol
This is incredibly nice. If I had any consistent creative output I would be all over this.
Any time someone says "LeBron James" on TV, I want to correct them with "LeJon Brames" like Darryl in The Office
#iPhone #devs.. What sort app analytics software do u guys like? Flurry?
OMG I LOVE you for saying that!!!
Just a bit. That's a different story with lines I can't cross. Plus, I doubt he'd be ok with that.
it's trbl! I need to get a game party going!
LOL how come?
Dropbox is so awesome - all my design files on the new i27"Mac :)
Damn he had Cancer, my Pop's has Cancer I hope he beats it's ass.
What's Downton Abbey? It's about a bunch of honkies living in a church. Or maybe a museum... Either way there's no wi-fi
Absolutely! Wanted to tap you on the shoulder during break to chat. Looking forward to meeting!
thanks boo! Good luck with volleyball!
Elvis did a rockin' rendition of "my way". but I think Frank Sinatra scooped him.
Do you know how many putts Charl Schwartzel had in the final round?
Bring us your tannenbaums today! TreeCycling from 9:30 am to 12:30 pm. $5 donation requested. Plus winter coat drive for Feel the Warmth.
I love Patti so much...
I can't help myself, when someone gives me a #FF I HAVE to give one back, or I feel guilty haha.
Looks like I'll be raiding my freezer for dinner. What mysterious concoction will be created this evening?
ViewGuard wishes everyone a safe and happy holidays!
A week to relax and get my mind right.
oh, they're awesome! They're fast stories that use abstract art to show emotions. Check em out!
Murder rate in Baton Rouge will be high tonight and through the weekend!
it was so good I kept dropping it in 's cleavage.
oh dear, hope not. :/
yeah you think
Countdown to #tranZitions has begun! We have some great things for all of u very very soon!
Melo is playing like an MVP. Not even talking about offense either, he is playing hard D
Play fighting is just a slick way of starting sex. ;)
The honey badger is a local legendary #hardman. You will get to meet him when u come to visit & perhaps even ride with him.
blue fans have me fired up already this hoops season; Putting my $ where mouth is - I predict #MSUHOOPS finishes higher in
Graceland's & are in town - with #Elvis stuff! Watch them on "Talk of the Town" tomorrow at 11am!
Happy Easter everybody!!!
yea good. Ok cool
Hope you loved 'em!
GFL owners meeting tonight. As usual we will keep you informed as to all the news as we get it
so glad you like it! Thanks for the kind words and the RT!
What a bright sunshine
RT : Er, no fiction winner?
vice prince? prince of vices? prince with vices? what's going on over there?! : ))
Exactly! The Leather Bound Book says, 'Be Ye Transformed By The Renewing Of Your Mind!' Romans 12:2. You too enjoy your day
I just want this to turn out right.
that's what the gurus say. 8pm my friend. If he does, look for the USC 2013 class to form quickly.
Someone talk to Me
so how U doin.... Ya ever fly a Stelf Fighter.
You live forever away, don't like me for no reason, blocked me, now your going to follow me on twitter? #why?
One B. example (AMONG MANY): "Destabilizing selection as a factor in domestication." Wilhelmine E. Key 1978 Invitational Lecture
im so fucking bored. thanks guys.!!
I'm the girl, I can make you smile and I promise to be true.
So what are you trying to do after the game?? Im down for whatever
I use the 4x6....it fits my bars perfectly! (my molds were custom made)
I hate when people think I'm anorexic just because I'm thin..did u not notice i like food??. Alot I eat like a horse:)
Breaking news: Sen. Ron Johnson endorses Mitt Romney for president.
: Cyanotypes, argyrotypes or any sun printing technique! Easy to do year round in Las Vegas with the abundance of sun we have.
The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work.
Indescribable uncontainable.. you place the stars In the sky and you know them by name..you are amazing GOD..
Now that I've decided to read the Song of Fire and Ice series I am anxiously biding my time in the LAPL hold queue. #15 and counting down!
Only 460 words so far? 0_0 that's close enough to 750 right?
knowing what you need to contribute to your team
Self-destructing Blues.
Did he read from Eunoia? God, I love that book.
Should I even watch the rest of the game?
Please Don't Have Kids For The Wrong Reasons... Not Everything Is Promise...
hey yo to you
Padvertisement supports you and is glad to be following you! Keep up the fantastic positiveness!
I don't even know why you qirls bother at this point,like, it's me, qive it uupp, I wiinn, U loose!! Ha Ha Ha! ---
Just saw on Raising Hope... Awesome!
Atwater Junction is playing at the Fine Line Music Cafe on monday April 9th @ 7:30pm Hope you can make it.
#civilwar diary quote of day. CSA woman. 6/65 'do you southerners not know we wish to get rid of the black men as we did the red.'
Will you be attending the NAGGL conference in Huntington Beach? It's this October!
All of twitter people are talking about Chris Brown has cancer ?
Having to sit by a weird chick because I haven't bought a book yet<<<< need that book
**My Lips Are Like Skittles,Wanna Taste The Rainbow!?
Dumb ass kids *rolls eyes*
Thanks. The school is following emergency protocol, and it could be just hunters in the area. But, it makes you think! :-/
Life is too short to have a bunch of drama....
A bit late on watching True Blood. 5 episodes into Season 2. Good stuff!
lol me niether! Is 12:30am and i got skool...that y i bate sundays!!
lol Probably TRUE
With Peyton Manning now in Denver, are they now a championship contending team and if so how many do you think they can win
Sad thing about this wedding is I dnt know the bride or the groom! Lmao!
Caught brunch she is monster talent. Tonight will play guitar rock from
What are you up to this week?
Sorry, no fireworks sales in Minnesota. Governor Dayton vetoes the bill. Looks like a Sconny run this 4th of July. KSTP at 10.
Physically hurts. The Beavers suck. But apparently we suck more today. :-(
HAPPY !!!<3 THANKS (; GIVING !!! PEOPLE AROUND THE WORLD !!! (;
publishing now. look for it in the ICONiac section. ;3
w00t! Finished my Intro to Putting Collections Online slides for #AAM2012. Now to work on Tech Tutorial 101 on media management & cleanup
I will build a snowman. Make no mistake about that.
ok sounds great. See you at 3:00. If something changes let me know. Thanks!!!
Lora Burnett speaks about importance of getting those new to the program involved in the GSA - strong, functioning committees.
I hope I don't get in trouble for that tweet. Or get you in trouble for that matter.
RT Maybe I'll sleep forever..
this weekend was amazing :)
Love this quote! RT : "It’s not who you are that holds you back, it’s who you think you’re not." -Unknown
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Jessica Faletta for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 18U Team
whoops! A bulls fan enters the conversation! Thou shalt not say a bad word about The Michael!
Do you live in Chiangmai ? If so, I'm so jealous.
thanks for keeping us informed. Not looking forward to driving in what is coming up. Yuck
Big thank you to all of you who participated on the 7 a side tournament on Saturday and at our Dinner. Thank you for your support!
I want to be with the nicest guy ever
No they do not. RT : People really have no understanding of #RBNY-fan dynamic, do they?
Nope, he said that purpose, and she's there to visit family
I just had a dream that I met one of ' friends. We were hanging out and I found out Aaron texts about me to his friends. Lol
#YouAintHittinItRight when u pump...the slow grind with rhythm makes it smile TEAM NO PUMP...thats not putting work PSA for the uninformed
*raises hand*
Act like you've been there before, UK... Jesus. It's like couch genocide
Sumthin wrong wit my cumputa im mad cuz i ca
Ever listen to a band called 5-8? I would love to get 140 char of your thoughts, if you have! PS Don't miss DeLuna next year!
I think the word "boyfriend" is such an impersonal term. I don't like it.
“: The beginning is the most important part of the work.” indeed!
You were amazingly awesome last night! :) it was so nice to meet you!
i cant believe u read those retarded chibi chapters that manga stream has. If ur tht bored, make sure ur reading somethin worthwile
business law is so boring
#Thingsthatbotherme .. People who are Assumers, Fabricators, and Lack Ambition.. Just live your life
RT We're looking for a part-time interactive producer, starting next week! Drop us a line if you can refer someone local in ATX.
Caleb's parked car was hit this morning, w/me in it (not bad). Now I'm at the D.O.L. to renew I.D. Today is not the best day. Not the worst.
Just saw a commercial for red velvet cake ice cream. I know what's on my grocery list for tomorrow.
Thought of sleeping bags....unzipped, ok but, too confining otherwise.
#RyanKennedy!!! Whats up kiddo!! Hang in there & live life to the fullest!! God will hold you and help you through! :)
I miss him
... glad you keep your thoughts to yourself
At Hatian Embassy today. Was tapped to work on communications. Stay tuned for my insights.
Yup, sure did! I don't see how that justifies my independency or how that's any of your concern.
follow me back please.1
... museums should continue their role as a promoter of the spiritual experience a person can have through a work of art
ok I'll see u at the game
I feel like a black guy at a country music concert.
And just dropped the f-bomb at our talk #aam2012 #glamwiki EPIC
It must be then. I did see a few empty baby bottles inside cc:
Looking at a lot red boxes from the build server and the svn:blame is all on me.
Looking forward to Easter brunch with the family, then the Masters with Tiger and Phil.
ok we have found out we cannot follow our followers...we need more followers to follow us Spread the word please thank you
thanks for the RT!
Don't think I can get my taxes done today as planned - one of my W2's looks very wrong....grrr...why can't it just be simple?
TRAFFIC ALERT: Due to the brush fire in Fitchburg, it is requested that people avoid S Syene Rd between McCoy Rd and East Cheryl Pkwy.
No Hamptons for me this wknd...shocker. Annapolis with the babes. Happy Memorial Day weekend, everyone!
#ihatewhenpeople talk at the top of their voices on their stupid ass cell phones in public places!!!!!!
i know
Thank YOU for the mention!
can't wait until tomorrow jingle bash
I'm currently filming a music video for my song "I'm a Man", which is about stereotypical acts of "manliness". What are your ideas for it?!
Packer Backers for every TD thank you for that last night!!! #GO PACK GO
Loads of bravery -- like so many in WW2!
cleaning my house b.c. I can't sleep, no I'm not on drugs, but I did drink a lot of caffeine. I practice DARE.
well that is so nice of you, how did you ever think to write something to that sort?!
#imagine Harry: Did u have fun last night with *your name* ? Louis: yes she screamed my name so loud. ;)
Hi may I have a follow? :D xo
Inspiring staff meeting. So much to share about #summer meals, great culinary events & #nutrition education
Burma, Burma, Burma!! Why USA media sources refuse to call this country by its correct name? Look it up under CIA World Fact Book!
Pretty sure dated all my ex-boyfriends.
Omg whats wrong with him ?! Took my book away while i was reading, took my bookmark and dont wanna give me back my notes.
There would be a riot here because we are handing out free samples of coffee..
Jazz fans need to learn that repetitive booing is not a defense chant
is on the stage right now. Where are you? You should be enjoying them
last time usher was here in concert I wasn't 2 particularly thrilled at show but I look forward 2 his next show here #climax has grown on me
I must have made it! I now have moms of 4 following me, and trying to get me to work from home online for only $300 they will show me how!!
noo i live in US but i got VIP to his #BTRSUMMERTOUR !!!!!!
Rihanna is a queen
Tip:Test ur hair condition before adding extensions.There are different forms of applications&each 1 depends partly on ur hair health status
Where is the best place to find local events happening near you?
It's too quiet.
the iPhone app is great! Very easy to use!
haha... same here :P
Double wide tonight! Thomas Wynn and the believers about to rock and well be up at 11:45
HUGE shouts to , and the whole crew for having me on tonight! And thanks so much to everyone who called in!
I hope you have a great summer!
how you like them apples!
my hair is thick I am too Im also pretty But what does that make you?
THAT is the kinda show I wanna be on!
They won't trade him after winning the title.
working hard over here at Solis Energy, we are proud to announce our Solar Home Generators are now available - www.solisenergy.com
I've long mastered the VLOOKUP; next stop in Excel domination: the PIVOT TABLE.
maybe that is what she intends to do to you. Haha
That moment when life has kicked you in the ass so many times, it feels more like a gentle nudge.
Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we're here we should dance.
Dont be scared. Please younask you to share‹3 please nothing dirty!wanna keep it pg
Track lighting is adjustable in two ways- location on the track and the angle of the light. This is useful when accenting small objects.
way to be positive!
I'm in the mood to just tweet
Kobe is a biter for real . Oh I can see it now the #Lakers win with Kobe playing wit stomach ailment.
These crusty ass niggaz actn like they doin office work
dam so.i no u aint think hard and long bout yo name like me u just saw mines huh? B 100!!
glad you enjoyed it!
Did we skip our morning medication again today?
WOW U KNOW SUM LOVE VIRGINS ERRY WOMAN I EVER RAN N 2 ACT LIKE THEY DONE IT ALL
Lazy days with
Lil nigga I'm 6'3 and 180 pounds ! I'll toss you on you're shit don't play I'll come down there
Hahaha silent treatment
same! Probably going to take a nap in a little bit, haha
#Santorum trying to get rid of porn? Not only should he not be elected, he should be arrested for treason.
OMG!!! You got me again with that ... lol
Just placed an order yesterday :/ I had a gift card too.
your late already tweeted it
RT If Mitt Romney becomes president, he'll sign the bill that turns Medicare into a *premium support* voucher program.
I'm running it on 4/15. Getting so stoked! Haven't been to #NYC in too long.
"wood" is so ethereal and beautiful and i can't stop listening to it!
IT'S SO MUCH EASIER TO CALL PPL NEGATIVE SHIT WHEN THEYRE NOT YOUR FRIEND. LIKE HO TRICK DOUCHE SWAGLESS SLUT ASSHOLE ETC.
Hey man I loved your mixtape/album On The Road to Glory My Story man! Thats some pure Hip Hop right there! Keep serving the Lord
Will I see you on Monday? It's been too long
lol its on monday!!
Lewis & Clark Caverns, Montana, and many caves and caverns to explore in Montana.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase
hey Tony.I'm looking for rep across the pond.I can work legally in Europe too. Any good referrals?thanx
My horoscope says I'll be able to accomplish something bold. Hope that kicks in soon.
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today
Looking for promotion...because you can never have too many shows!
thanks for the follow
Is the presentation ON an iPad or VIA an iPad onto a bigger screen?
TONIGHT - Tempatation Thursday with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team!!
All Biotech Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
hey, follow me on tumblr.
Look out for some new products throughout December as well: Moses Baskets, Clothing and much more!!!! <3
Speaking of Bryan Cranston. He should win "best death" for drive. That stuff gave me nightmares
Always fascinated when storms keep popping up over and over in the same place. Not as much when that place is over my head.
Sometimes when learnin a lesson u have 2 get hurt
ILL GO HALF!
how have you been?! Haven't talked to you in forever
2012 nomination for "WIU's WORST student and BFA" can't wait to get my award..
it means I'm a man! I'm a beast!
Good read and I see your view. LeBron is a very good player. But he isn't destined for greatness. I need mo than a 140 characters
GETTING CONFIRMED TODAY!!!!!!!!!!!
The first 10 people who say "Bach" at 's front desk get in FREE to tonight's Ogden After Hours w/ cellist Dr. Jee-Yeoun Ko, 6pm.
RT: "You have to love like you've never been hurt before and be willing to be hurt again" - Tony Gaskins
I like it...I like it a lot!
Sandra said she had a blanket I could sleep under. I wake up to find that it's actually a snuggie. Foiled again!
I am glad that I don't have to do the morning commute thing on the Monday after DST starts though - gets crazy out there in the ATL
So is "Be careful" but we still tell people to do it.
so damn tired..another 8 hours tomorrow. Getting my foamposites wit this check. fuck wit it
The bulls record bullshit! The bulls playoff hopes bullshit! Carlos boozer's hair bullshit! Derrick Rose MVP bullshit! The butcher bullshit!
I'm singing a song
Make lots of playlists, and download the app for your phone!
Oh ma; gawd i love the music vid.. omg please follow me i screamed when i seen you becuz ur so hot
Amazing weather continues..come have a drink on our patio!
My timeline is filled with #PaulyDProject tweets STILL thanks for all the spoiler alerts gets his nose waxed? Really?
Why do I hear chickens outside my apartment?
Turns out Obama was just announcing his support for the Memphis Grizzlies and Rudy Gay.
Madison curling club. We're having an open house coming up in feb, we'd love to have you come out. We also have good beer;)
Well, I ordered 8 and let's just say I haven't sawed off enough limbs to be granted the privilege of buying that many. :-D
I like how you text me.
I wonder if Pandora knows that I use their bkmrk function solely for adding tracks to my Spotify playlists? Someone by the other already!
The relationship with as exclusive fine art printer is solidified
Doing an in person interview at in #LA tonight at 7PM!
Probably in March or Easter
IF YU FOLLOWED ME I WOULD SCREAM AND DIE AND COME BCK TO LIFE BC IM SO HAPPY:D IT WOULD MEAANN TH E WHOLE WORLD2 ME
Just in case I ever decided to feel guilty for not going to Mass, the Vatican reminded me why I shouldn't. Thank you, gentlemen.
why is my mom walking around upstairs??
yes but Tyler Perrys films deal with a topic on race how African Americans are perceived in media. House wives is just dum
I keep thinking it's Wednesday. This does not bode well for the rest of the week.
Awoke w/ stress attack at 5 AM --> retrieved the paper in time to see the stars and planets in all their predawn glory. Perspective moment.
So would I. Omg, it needs to happen. Like, right now ;A;
Have a great Sunday afternoon to my people worldwide!!! God Bless!!!
gah! Smoke session soon!!!!
Yeah me and my dad are pooped. Don't start til Mon so I have a couple days to recover. How do you do it??
I totally get that. But I didn't go to their website and buy a ticket. When I do that, I'm fine with them adding me.
Should follow me then we should makeout! (;
living life to the fullest. kisses to my haters u bitches are my motivators!
Yes, all is well. Will you be at MCN? If so, reconnect withTim and meet Erica from my team. You have to meet her--she's great.
on your twitter grind tonight lmao
sorry...didn't mean to tweet you, was responding to someone that sent us both something about being in a magazine!
safe travels to #cil12! My reasonable expectation is one tweet per hour for the duration...
Liriano throws a no hitter! Too bad this could be the only bright spot for the this year.
i said u were spical I hope u no I ment short bus specal right?
The brownies were still warm. M
The happiest of people don't necessarily have the best of everything they just make the most of everything that comes along their way
I am starving and wanna go to the beach...
It's crazy how happy you make me. (:
NOTE TO GUYS: If you know a girl likes you, show you like her back! She can give up before you know it.
looking forward! sorry that #snOMG and #peaceforpie got in the way of today's mtg- but see ya thurs!
Headed to in a few hours...pretty excited, not gonna lie.
$1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: It takes a long time to build trust but only seconds to destroy it.
Primitivo, light zin, or aglianico. Think soft tannins, acidity, & big fruit to cut thru the fat and stand up to the spices.
Excellent! While you'reat it, ask him for a raise for me. Thanks. :-)
thanks! I'm glad you did too! What did you do tonight?
but you get a free trip to Vegas... Not all bad.
hey Joe I have a jazz CD coming out, getting it mastered here in Georgia could you check it out?
In a few hours I will be snagging Radiohead tix! This is going to be a great summer of concerts.
done deal mr MVP
ha well for this team rest/conditioning is key... Playoff minutes are hard minutes in comparison to the regular season
the thing i'm afraid of most is being boring
RT : #Ladies, place your heart in the hands of #God and he will place it in the hands of a man who he believes deserves it.
She replied to my tweet. Hahaha!
Gas is only $3.38 a gallon at the Smith's on Lomas and San Pedro!
At the ER at Women and Children's with Maddox...
I hate gay people
WordPress team released a security and maintenance update. WordPress 3.3.1 is here, and we urge you to upgrade.
why did the mushroom go to the party? Because he was a fun guy!! (:
Off to Modesto, CA to spread some love!!!
Great workout! Time to get the day going
How should it be referenced in a 140-character world? "Power conference" didn't apply to Pac-12 hoops the past two years...
How was everyone's weekend? Any big plans for the next five days?
spent hours doing something the wrong way...
and you gonna rock the building hard...
Damn it!
We hope you have had a fantastic Monday!
looking forward to seeing you Areva, you are a such a positive force in the world!
I miss my long hair. My hair needs to grow faster.
we will be here when you're in your hometown! We are across from the CV mall :)
Ugh they didn't leave yet
Lovely lovely out.
I wouldn't buy a square inch of that property!
gone outside today? It's beautiful.
Phil "Das Boot" Dawson
#YBL how did Loren and the jewlery line get to be so AWESOME? Your doing great!! We are proud of you.. -- Rob Jenkins
please follow me!:)x
Now he's at the little tokyo train station going thru his motions! So awesome in an awkward way!
it was the best episode so far. Love that show!
that was like. omg. i miss him. american idol is not the same anymoree ):
I want to be at the album release party
Somebody bring me a coat. Just went 2 the car. Damn it's cold
": Get off your phone your at a club. hahaha"lol where r u
We got started a bit late. We are now reviewing the first IAP Dance application
you'll use Windows 8... It'll be on all the windows PCs.
hey! Everything is good just trying to get dates/details figured out. I'll keep you posted!!
Good luck and Congrats to everyone running the Half Marathon in Central Park today!
If I just lay here, would you lie with me and just forget the world? ♥
Skinny girls with fat asses
"If you want to fly, you gotta give up the shit that weighs you down"
I wish I could enjoy traffic like a hobby or guilty pleasure.
stand back! I need to rescusitate(sp) this man!! Clear!!!
Rain + sleep= the best
but of course! He's a little love bug :)
Yeah, cool. Didn't want to keep in touch with you either.
yep, living with the in-laws
Great. Just let us know! We'll be glad to meet up for lunch!
This game is just pure torture
We go together like PB & J, Sonny & Cher, and Justin & Beliebers
I don't think there's a term for that, then.
We've got our staff kick off meeting tomorrow night but will be at the Heroku event.
If you bought a house with your finace' would you wait til after marriage to move in? 222-9800 \
or write your able to write a novel in a day!!!
Is that Chaka in a khan?
haaha! You got a point there lol
79 in Boston, MA.
That's great, Ryan. Where did you find that info? I'd like to share with MAG friends.
Aloe is gonna be my new bestfriend for the next few weeks
We have a WINNER!!! -Elizabeth, PT's at St. Rose
When planning my outfit for an upcoming interview, I thought "What would Karma do?" Keep those pics comin'!
Hasnt rained in jville for like a month havent washed my car in a month till yesterday today rain all day. I want my 10 bucks back
spent 2 hrs trying to find the dry goods yesterday..
It was a great Sunday service and picnic... looking forward to spending the tomorrow with family and friends!
Has anyone caught the George Harrison "Living in the Material World" documentary on HBO? Heard it was fantastic.
yay yay yay! Harmonies are too much fun to come up with.
my friend introduced me to the game. and final fantasy now she is a senior. i am in seventh grade. :( time flies by fast. i miss those days
Want to get your Music on our blog, and Reviewed by US? Contact For INFO!
I know what you want and I know what you need. But I'm gon' screw it up cause I'm an idiot and I'm your boyfriend.
I tweeted some stuff yesterday where I could have used this hash #libjobshadowFL, so I guess I'll misapply it now.
Why does it seem like all Brits like the game Scrabble? I suck at it, but I can't spell to save my life (thanks google).
No Arbitration / K-Rod is back to pitching / the pre-Axford slot
It's going down tonight at the masquerade! The Mind Creatures and Little Dragon! yyeeeeeeee
Goodnight LogieBear, My Swag Daddy;p I Love You!(: Can I Get A Follow, Please??(:
Why care about content at all?
everyone knows this song
Very cool! That is pretty exciting.
Follow us personally!
look who's got a website. finally.
/warm hugs and kisses/ I LOVE ALL OF YOU, ❤
Wow,, put my phone in the fuckin washing machinee..<<<<<<<<<< :/ mad asf
Perhaps they the two are connected. Congratulations all the same.
Happy St. Paddy's Day everyone! Have fun & be safe!
I forgot why I don't do all nighters.....but now I remember, very clearly.
Next deadline for Dig Hum Start-Up Grants will be Sept 25, 2012. Updated guidelines should be posted late Spr or early Summer
what's up with hating mayonnaise? our pr rep loathes it, too. she gets sick looking at it.
aww :c you are so much better for zayn that that stupid whore :3
King hated Kubrick and also felt Kub. didn't do enough about alcoholism in the movie - someone else wrote screenplay.
Fair enough, but why no fine or suspension on Malkin hit, yet suspension on Giroux? I guess motive factored in . . .
shut the hell up Sarah
Did any Nats bring their dogs with them to Spring Training? Go NATS!
"Train Wreck" is being released to Canadian radio today. A song about a very bad date...just in time for Valentines Day!
Books on CD are really helping make the long commute to Westminster each day ... tolerable.
he has a nagging desire to split his thoughts like an atom.
you make me feel fat, but in a good way.
i know where it was. it was just ages ago.
"Flesh For Fantasy" comes to mind! Again I say BAH to "cam girls only" #BAH!
They nicknamed me AFRICANA......u know, like....'Columbiana'.
And "u wudnt no shit if it werent for me" u got that rong bitch im not the one that followed u around ike a lost puppy
Back to the Staples Center for game. Memphis gets game 6 they got the series.
''God doesn't make junk.'' Okay, so this quip might make it onto my altar.
Everything you do is super duper cute , and i can't stand itt <3
Work day is done! Time to put in work at home.
ever see us play?
Not recording. Can't decide on whether I want to pack or play my game.
leaving #nutcracker for the last time this year & I can hear cheers for the dancing bear from out on grace street.
Last day in the us!! Italy bound tomorrow :)
I hate when random girls DM me. It's like wtf...
just bought a soon to be extinct HP Touchpad for $101!. Now for the Android port...
Hey walkie talkie Marcus tell him Jordan and Heather said Happy Birthday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Took over 1,400 photos last night at Awesome! Tons of work to do.
Seeing Gospel Claws and Snake Snake Snakes! at the Crescent Ballroom.
THANKS! sorry not exactly sure how to use this thing, I feel like a Grandma whose Grandchildren set up her twitter.
Thank you so much! We really appreciate your support.
that shit cray plus has to be conflicted about the situation lol
Chuck was still doing full shows at 75.
Disney keeps emailing, begging me to "Preorder #JohnCarter TODAY." No thanks. It's like saying ""Contract Ebola NOW!"
Correction for the last tweet.... Everyone receives a *Crown and Trophy* at the Sunburst pageant :)
Its all good :D
They have so many great songs!
listening to Murmur by R.E.M. - kind of makes me feel like i should be throwing a frisbee and talking about my ideals.
Shoot :( Turned on ABC7 and "Broken Hill" was JUST ending. Never even seen the film yet! Did anyone happen to catch it???
Thank them for doing some cool things that makes it easy to highlight :)
alright man. Sounds good.
lol something like that
Andy isn't with us anymore but ask for Angie - she is really strong and has a similar style!
Love being tired from
She was on your site last year :) Keep up the great work - I see you have been making a lot of progress!!
You can come visit us! :)
it was really good!!! I'm wondering where is robert so he can cause trouble w/ luke..lol
« « Kobe Bryant vs Denver»»
that's all you do is kick, that's like if I worked at McDonald's and could put a Big Mac together. Just sad.
“: #WrongPeople ...Willingly Withhold Information From You That They Know You Need. #drMM #fb”
Sweet, the local bookstore #FiresideBooks posted on their website one of my book recommendations. They're now posting some reader reviews.
Thanks friend-- I'm pretty pumped about it! I hope you have a wonderful, relaxing break! NBCT paperwork is finished, right?
Hi Mark! We sent you a copy of "Pluto", new album by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback! Thanks!
it's been a long time Fran :) how have you been? how goes it for you???
But seriously, , why hasn’t Facebook acquired Pixelingo yet? It’s worth at least ⅓ an Instagram!
follow 4 follow :P
Nothing drives me. It is just who I am.
Send us an email to and we'll send you an autographed picture and "Pixel Love" CD while supplies last. Cheers!
RT : Yes, it's back. This week is another chance to win a pair of Vans Snowboard boots. Just "RT To Win"
Actually had the worst nights sleep of my life
It's 7011 focusing on the system rather than the user. We've used computers for the HW a couple times, but that's it.
its my bday! !
Getting ready to go sing at The Joe again for the Red Wings today at 12:30!!!
To the Sharp Arts!
I'm pissed off and most ppl irritate me,if ppl werent ignorant,self-absorbed,and down right stupid I wouldn't be so Bitchy all the time.
omg i remember when i went to the Jonas Brothers concert n performed A Little Bit Longer it was amazing <3 i will never 4get it
it is never too late
Dont let life change your goals, because achieving your goals can change your life.
wow , people are actually threatening to burn my house down /: what did i do do make people hate me so much ?
Actually a pretty good crowd so far
are u at hooters now?
But they already know how the story is going to end
Be aware to the here and now so you can see the magnificence all around you and let it take you to your Highest Self
why are u talking to her
A huge thanks I'm also trying to figure out Pidyon Shvuyim Halachah & what kind of captives Maimonides had in mind.
Should Russ Start the second half?
Whelp aint nun in this refrigerator.. =(
Girls with really dark hair>>
you've been hacked, please change your password. I'm sure these tweets aren't coming from you!
New post: Women's Form Fit, Dry Fitness Aerobic Sports Bra-Softball, Zumba, Field Hockey, Volleyball, Running, and Gym Workouts-Made with S
l screw casper...we have leo...the friendly ghost!
No. YOU go to sleep!
WTF !!! NO BOSTON SOLO DATE? HOW AM I GOING TO MEET YOU NOW AND HAVE MY MOMENT FOR LIFE???
We are! RT Whose watching the #Bulls game tonight??
Eating my Red Lobster
a signed cd would be cool but I want a signed Petes cup.
thanks for the tweet
mom just casually asked me what your code number to your phone is
Trust no one ;But When I Due Imma Take Advantage Of It.🎀💑
#OscarTweet Shame that Rooney Mara is nominated in such a tough category against such amazing performances. I loved her in TGWTDT.
"He sweats just like I do! He bleeds just like I do! He trained just like I did! BUT HE SURE DONT HAVE THE HEART I DO!" LETS GO TO WORK!
bloody hell its late, sleep time :D.
Life Tracker is going to change so much with score and sound design! Scared and excited at the same time!
hi Kendall how are you
always 110% performance, congratulations on your pregnancy!
Having a great time Pong, flipcup, and basketball! Come join us! Cheap drinks and good times!
We're ready for the Tsunami. Mahalo to all who are staying calm and cautious. Our prayers for the people of Japan with the big 8.9 Quake.
ah I hear ya, literally been sick for more weeks than I can remember. I just saw Emmure w/ blessthefall :p
That weird feeling when you happen upon an ex on facebook. Hoo boy I remember how creepy you were,lol.
Don't forget about the Winter Market at #Carmel City Center tomorrow (Saturday) from 9 am to noon! Veggies, baked goods, fresh eggs & more!
So not in the mood for anyones bullshit today
HOTSAUCE has been given!!!!
15%off entire shop type FIFTEEN into coupon code box on checkout page Happy Shopping
can you same day fed ex some to Texas?!
you have til saturday, i close tomorrow :)
next month? U done lost yo mind. If yu aint home tomorrow its gone be divorce papers on da dining room table
u welcom love u mom
It's Thursday, which means it's exactly 1 week from our next Divorce Seminar! Have you RSVP'd?
Life is short.Break the rules.Forgive quickly.Kiss slowly.Love truly.Laugh uncontrollably & never regret anything that made you smile.Enjoy!
ZERO our BIGNEWS alert continues rolling in w buys now at hod
THE ONLY REASON I LIKED MONDAY WAA BECAUSE THE LYING GAME WOULD COME ON!! But now... Screw Mondays and their stupid way that makes me puke.
Hello all, changed up my password..... my acct was hacked so sorry for any spam.
I'm working on this now!
Hit me up if you tryna chill brah.
a history of art forum. Not a quote but someonewas talkikng about being the first to write why a work is interesting...
Co chair Dr. Jean Bailey joins the specially invited guest at #Embassy of S. Africa D.C #Freedom Day Award Gala!
Hi everyone - hope you're having a productive day! Working on anything exciting?
Good morning.
we need new children's sneakers sizes 1-7 for Thursday's
ritual is the secret to stability...in life and environment -Murdock
When life gives you lemons, take them. Free shit is cool.
Cue the WOOOOMMMMMMMP from Inception.
Does anyone have the address to the Regal A Cinema? Is it on the web site?
At Occupy teach-in & I'm kinda surprised how much tenant-landlord issues r coming up. Guess I shouldn't be, sucks 2 be a tenant these days.
when is going on tour again omfg i want to go see her, her concert are the best
I Cried When my dog died
Getting inspired at the YWCA Luncheon in Seattle.
I spoke with a reporter yesterday about the American #Library Association pushing another non-library issue.
yeah. basically.
Hay guess what, your beautiful
Yes, indeed..
I Kno We Need to get Dwn to business so , What colors are yall gonna wear for the group , Mines is green pink
So im driving on Mt.Moriah passing a daycare & notice there's a baby boy, outside by himself playing. No adults around, no kids around.
I feel like you shouldn't even mention that as a possibility RT If Soup outpitches Yo... i dont even know what.
Thanks friend :)
My brother committed suicide 2 years ago June 15..and someone has the audacity to throw it in my face and blame me for it..
Annoyed by webmasters who don't list holiday hours. Is your website updated?
Today must be my lucky day!
I could find a YA title that would do same thing, but this MG title, WONDER, has the whole package I'm seeking.
he's an idiot.
is it half time now?
CJ Wilson, you're our Pete Campbell.
Hello....good morning!
Richard Branson registered name "Virgin Galactic" in the early '90s.
RT Seeking funny/weird/interesting posts about... SPRING!
But cutting a degree program like CS that so clearly benefits students is shameful, regardless.
Signed, American Arab Anti Discrimination Committee, Arab American Institute, American Task Force for Palestine...
April is Child Abuse Awareness and Sexual Assault Awareness Month. Please help us in creating awareness in our communities
❤ the movie The Secret of NIMH :))
maybe we can bribe a worker to sell us some fresh ones off the conveyer belt!
I wish waking up was easy...like in a music video
why two?
It WAS a good state, until you two clowns decided to move there....
I got nervous today and said hewwo instead of hello... Uh haahahhaahahah
#2011was pretty good. it went by so quickly though! i'm so excited for #2012 <3
time out pls
rad! send me a link for the new band too kiddo!
Put Lucroy in the All-Star game Brewers fans. He's gotta beat Posey and Yadier. Vote like idiots.
We had a GREAT TIME today with Music a la Mode! See you kids again, on NOVEMBER 11th!!!
Happy Friday baby lest make the best of it
hey! hope you're having a great day and I'll hopefully see you soon :) MarchingBand7Days
RT : Big thanks to , and for being gold sponsors of the 2012 scholarship reception!
haha i wish i could torrent it. my schools giving out free keps for windows 7 and they ran out.
thanks so much for follow! If there are any mattress related questions please let us know. My partner and I have over 30yrs exp!
Real fireworks at my house thunder and lighting with monsoon rains.
Have fun at prom be safe 
Good to know! Is the "Kids Eat Free" promotion on M, T, & W available at all locations nationwide?
what get the next man on, won't get you on, that's word
and if they're going to #Marquette chances are they are pretty decent students
Me and Christy tried to go on an adventure and it didnt work becasue this place is scary at night.. lol so we went to the movies
There is always research and hope when it comes to colobomas, but no definitive treatments yet.
Wait, which one is USA? Lol.
I more confused than a three-legged what the fuck am I talking about.
Looking a bit foolish
Ruben are you cheating on us?! ;-)
haha. Can we get a picture of your car's boo-boo?
Tip of the day: specificity is the key to understandability.
You think theyre just "skeptics" but they're bonified dream killers, stealers with sharp daggers stabbing your dreams to death as u share
We are lame and don't have the money to make any merch for you. Sorry.
Lmao! Yes its not a ghost its me lol": holy ba Jesus ur back on twitter ^_^"
twitter chat
lol true..just be glad is just a kiss he want
UNLV blows 18 point lead to TCU thanks to 15 turnovers. Rebels will have to tighten up if they want to make a run in the tournament.
There are five keys to social justice in any person's life. And these are not political. Everybody has them.
i swear i'm probably bipolar
Looking forward to #VegasSpringSocial this Friday! Thanks to & for planning!
eileen. Can you please email me? Rob Tencer
Thanks I know you've got a candidate who deserves a blossom. Somewhere, right?
Is there ever a time when your not at OG? you go every night(:
Thanks for following follow4follow
I am thinking about getting a BMW 320d xDrive Coupe for a new car!
boo I thought this was going to be a where to meet girl-friends type thing. That's what I need 😉
#Just did via twitter "vet"! Lol
Funeral weekend. Husband en route to Little Rock. Sadness all around. Eating lobster bisque and the butter & cream are a bit much!
Max: "Do you need some ice?" Justin: "For what?" Max: "Your sore, looser."
Thx for checking! Relieved...
Hi! Are you interested in a meal replacement shake that will curb your hunger? My friend lost 30#s in 90 days!
you are very kind, I'm glad we found each other :)
I get the same look everytime I talk about my sorting hat quiz...
Congratulations to one of our youth bowlers, Sterling Hearn for bowling a #300Game yesterday.
. Haha, we're not in NY anymore, Toto.
Love you guys!!! I can't wait to get your magazine every month! The best information and WAY ahead of conventional thinking
Follow back huh? That's what's up...but where U going?
This summer is going to be amazing. Many awesome things ahead. One more month.
say please
good! We need all the prayers we can get!!!
Could she get any better? ... I hope people realize that there is a brain underneath the hair and a heart underneath the boobs
My friends and I will love you forever for this tweet. Thank you. RT : Brad Goreski has no talent.
37% done The Replacement Wife , by Eileen Goudge. I wish NetGalley would offer EPub versions, so I could change the formatting on my Nook.
i had just tweeted that...
In the end you're the only one who keeps me sane here
Are your brackets filled out? Hopefully you have Baylor University and The University of New Mexico - UNM going far!
#Habitat4Haiti campaign will be in full effect this year.
yeah and me and my brother are the only twins in my family
Not sure I really get Draw Something. It's so slow!
I bet there's a pretty big "crazy cat lady" market out there. Maybe even crazy cat MEN. But no, crazy guys usually go another way.
haha, i'm glad they finally worked shit out. :) and yeah dude. i ain't been on here in a good minute what's new with you.
Played some basketball today. I need to start practicing haha
How lucky!
no successful men. I think not. There is a new site for them www.brosintanks.com
Great Win for the Ravens. Have to thank the 49ers for letting us hang around during their walk-thru on Homewood Field on Wed
I've been slacking on this lately
sign me up!!!
why is pizza for breakfast unacceptable?
