you know how to get in contact wif me! lol
Awesome day. Very successful jewelry show. Working on web site...have to get some good photos of my stuff...then I launch!
Got to spend two hours watching Geoffrey Rush act like a crazy person. Live! He was very entertaining. And convincing.
I was just thinking of you (and you knee) a few hours ago..=D.. I do miss you!!!! Glad everything seems okay.. When is the
ok. out of my short term crude and now long big time. still long gold. great day. was worth waiting
Visualize what you want everyday
why why why
Aforementioned Junior #THATCampVA-er: "I think of it as a place when zombie pigs aren't running around."
I'm up a lot for everyone else being sick overnight but rarely for me. Not fun.
Fire UC Davis Police Chief Annette Spicuzza. 35 ARMED LARGE Armored police officers on the scene,
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 71
Yes!! Miss Rodriguez, K-Rod, whatever floats your boat!! You're more special than a "simple girl!" :D
Guess OctoMom is cleaning up today
Happy 85th birthday to my amazing Nanna!
Thats kinda what I've been doing as well. Atleast than you're not worrying about $$$. Got to keep on being creative.
If you have a shitty job, you probably shouldn't lick your fingers at lunch time.
Thanks for following. Have an awesome day
it was amazing
Sorry I guess I phrased my problem incorrectly, I would like to receive texts sent in characters as characters on my phone not
i just let the mic smoke...
Today is more beautiful then yesterday! Im making a smoothie & heading for my tuesday morning Yoga...Happiness is walking home on the lake!
Happy Turkey Day MKE!
Monday Mantra: “Do one thing everyday that scares you.” ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
Looks like Dallas is going to win this game
You a lier , but it's okay I'm used to pathetic people .
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around. - Henry David Thoreau p #OccupyEarth RT
“: Things you don't want to hear when you are naked and restrained: "Um, I think I have another key around here somewhere..."~Ha
Still time to jump in you car and head to tonight at 7:05pm!!! 3108 McGinnis Ferry Rd, Suwanee GA 30024 - love to have YOU!
Hope everyone enjoyed the #Easter holiday!
Facebook page is attached now! Check it out!
going for a triple?
can you possible make it so intelliscreenX checks for tweetbot also. For those that use alternative twitter apps?
Hey, thanks Drew! Hadn't made it over to your side of the building yet w/the news - and I still have a couple weeks.
Just had hamburgers with the band and dropped the meat CHEESE SIDE DOWN on my pants. Why does everything fall cheese or butter side down!?
Toms better be getting drunk tonight...
Cool so are you going to put up more videos and I want to book you for my party next year in november in chicago :)
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one. --John Wooden-- this quote helped me today.
Best gift for mom's day, son drove 12 hours to surprise me (he is still at school and was not planning to be home until Aug.
Mario made classic R&B.
Ordering my snapback when I get home. This day needs to hurry up right now.
You never did text me after talking to the monkey...
Done with the study group, now off to work. :l
Under my desk right now: 4 pairs of heels, 7 dirty ziploc containers, 3 sweaters and 2 shirts, 5 old issues of wired magazine.
Dodger game tomorrow? I think yes!
20 hours of work ... ass to brain, "Please stand up, you're killing me!"
I'm on the NBC TODAY show at 7:40 am this morning. Tune in!!
That doesn't seem right. Who is that in your avatar?
RT : You're either for equal rights for all citizens or you're not, and everything else is spin.
HELP!!!! I need a 2/BR unit for mom in-law. She can afford $600.00/mth, and can pay double sec. 414-292-6333 or .
And so it begins...(grin)
Tomorrow is the last REAL day of high school... omg.
I followed them!(:
No, that's via Image. The other two shows will be YouTube exclusive for first 18 months as per the YouTube network deal.
Because the Dmv is better :)
I really want to meet Nigel Lythgoe. Like really. Seems like the nicest guy in show business.
I would cheer when the till is broken on the bus (all the time), but I know it means service will suffer.
Tomorrow's PR 3.0 is here at the AM:PM PR Intergalactic World Headquarters. See everybody for & social media talk at 4 p.m.
Yahoo meyn that was cool yow !!!!
RT Thanks to for f**king up what should have been a great show by keeping SymX from playing w/ Iced Earth Sunday night
Disney Princess Paper! Take two! Cranking out the rest of this baby while I'm some what sane.
From Home to home, and heart to heart, from one place to another
Extremely disgusted with Komen pulling support from Planned Parenthood bowing to anti-abortion activists, they should be ashamed.
lives in that fantasy world known as conservatism. Scott Brown votes one way then issues statements belying his votes.
That stinks.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you think followed you. And you freak out and then..... He didn't :(
Congrats Phillip Humber on the perfect game!
How amazing was that show???
Oh, and at the event...10% of all sales will be going to Outward Bound to help send a kid on course...come on out!!
In the studio
Softball game tonight at Penn Hills Park at 8!!!
i havent been on twitte in the longest .. i miss it :(
yes omg I've never laughed so hard in my life
Forgot how good The Myriad was.
thanks dear! :)
Okay, good to know I'm not missing out :-)
Tweet Me.♥
That's embarrasing. ;)
LMAO I'm watching a re-run of America's Got Talent and like two acts did Born This Way.
Social media will not bridge the gap, instead it will create an additional gap for non users of social media.
Austin isn't wearing me in his new video! ;( but hopefully the next video he makes. I'll be in it.(;
just came back to delavan
niggas stealin swag but im throwin cash niggas wanna jack really really bad bitch im swagged up im throwin cash up pick the money up
What I will enjoy watching in Saints vs Lions is see how the Lions literally figure out how to lose. Will be fun
welcome to twitter!! :)
Where all the good clubs at!!! ....*cricket cricket cricket*
What the IB program makes you: more stubborn and sarcastic (not in a funny way).
Gonna try and use the excuse I got kidnapped for the reason in late. I'll say it was the taliban
the more we interact the more i've decide we have exactly the same sense of humor
bitch please, your pocky is officially mine Lol my mom bought your mom a plant
Been doing it for a decade, almost, and it hasn't made a bit of difference. One single typo and it's back to square one.
How about a weekly soccer column in the PD or soccer blog on the website. Plenty of soccer fans in the CLE area to view it.
Where is your boy tonight? I hope he is a gentlemen.
CBS Sunday Morning piece on - she is an inspiration to all ambitious, goal-oriented women. Loved it.
that ain't far!
Trouble sleeping? Check your mattress! A bad mattress can cause pressure points on your body that make you toss and turn during the night.
Social media is a marathon, not a sprint via Is there a medal for finishing?
Hope it won't be too hot. RT : Seven of 13 "walk- to" mid-sized neighborhood pools will be closed this summer.
What's up? :D
The thing that stinks about being the typical organizer is people stop remembering to invite you to do anything :( Bored bored bored...
If you have a dog that chews up everything sacred to you, give the Starmark chewball toy a try.
& fifty told me gone head switch your style up and if they hate let em hate whatch the money pile up ;) lalalala
thanks, mijita. c:
LA Voice is volunteering tonight with the local school choir down in Rosemead, CA! Little voices need tender love and care too!
"Never regret the people that have walked into your life because they are the ones that helped you become the person you are today"
hahaha awesome. New revolution..
they do sell Stella there. Shock Top OS also good there.
"living vibrantly through one's whole body, whether paralyzed or not" Matthew Sanford. Yoga is for everyone!
Watching Super Why and snuggling with a toddler. Maybe I can convince Wyatt and Princess Pea to revise my article?
welcome to my club :( follow back please?
Well what ever they are singing sounds like their own, I know they yelled at them for making their own rap one time
No matter how much adversity enters your life, you can keep pace and be at peace.
RIP Jessica Joy Rees. This 12yr old girl used Social Media to spread a great cause.* NEGU*
lol that's funny when in june?
We're gonna save the world tonight
Vans are the best shoes 👍
S/O to for having the BEST BIO i have seen on TWITTER to date :)
Does it matter how many books would be deaccessioned? "Every book has its reader" after all.
Very cool, Enjoy your stay! RT Early Morning at the VA San Diego chillin with the Vets kicking the can!
I love launch days. My Twitter stream lights up with #space goodness.
Where you staying at? Trying to figure out where to sign my lease at for this fall...
Let me know if/when you want to chat some more.
Good luck to all the #Classof2013-ers taking the AP Language exam today. I may be seeing you soon.
At the #webbys!
Man I worked like a Hebrew slave today!!
Anymore than most people need to know how to build a house, fix a car, or do their own electrical work
I instantly thought of you when I saw that, I love and miss you medge (:
Venturing into the brave, new world of tweeting. Here goes nothin'.
That Ladi Dadi is SO hot.
*rubs ego*
I need a fitness trainer. I need my sexi'er' back-ASAP!
The Patriot is the saddest and most awesome spot in NyC
#NP Armada Weekly Podcast, Episode 72
In a world where folks change careers all the time, and where most don't work in what they majored in, broad education just makes sense.
okay I follow your friend
haha that's sick I'm playing you in NHL later
Cascade Radon's Steve Tucker is on now. Call in to ask a Q re: #radon and be entered to win a free test kit (503) 417-9595.
#steelers just got
Welcome to the team Keith Simpson, Steven DeLarios Jr., Daniel Espinnoza-Hernandez, and Molly Wilson!!
Registration is open for #IACRL2012! Will we see you in Oakbrook?
Lock clock work, I get a message that I'm being followed and with one click I follow back ;)
anything to keep a smile on my sweety pie
I see, everyone waits until I move away from Seattle to come out here. /lesigh I can take a hint.
Oh gosh, that just made me laugh out loud!
same!!RT : If i had a british accent i would never stop talking.
To stay or to go...that is the question...
"It isn't the size of the gift that matters, but the size of the heart that gives it." Eileen Elias Freeman
zayn's up early to watch the fight he cute :D
Roads conditions shouldn't be that bad bc temps have been well above freezing for the past few of days. Grassy surfaces 1st the accumulate
Deleting my twitter so long fellas :*{
haha nope! That's one of my friend's websites.
#netj training panel got crunched for time but still good takeaways. Mainly: Your partner orgs WILL want tech training. Provide it.
Joyride - Roxette. Radio free Europe -rem & goodie two shoes- Adam ant come to mind. ;)
My 2 high school girls would have laughed had they seen it & thought he & I had gone to school together- That's my go to move!
Baby man just stumbled into the bathroom door! :-( Huge knot on his head.
It's still amazing! you earn your own money you can buy things! I really want a job with animals to ear a bit of money :D
Coming back to Florida anytime soon? The Sunshine State misses you! :D
Something tells me we will be in Texas a lot this year. :)
Doing Well! Have a benefit tonight for clean water in Africa. Excited to do good and party at the same time!
I'll just hope theres no questions about Spain on the test and that the post exam beer is cold and refreshing.
If I had a gun, I'd probably end up shooting myself in the foot like Shy Ronnie.
i'm not a booty call v.v...
Back to training after an unrestful but solid week off.
Well I meant it's been helping me stay awake today lol :)) What did you mean?
Used the restroom in a KY gas station. Now I and my car smell like smoke. I should've just bought a pack of cigarettes.
When my head phone's are in the script is playin. #great band B-)
We attempt to be consultants in the field. They like us, they like our work, but they still create random stuff.
lovin the vibe at the Artisan. Mo mojito's please
's verse on decatur psalm >>>>
Thanks for the follow! ") Has been a long time. How are you? Hope all is fabulous.
Hair loss can also be due to certain types of medication, such as blood thinners, birth control pills and antidepressants
...I hate to get the seats in the Benz wet
oh shit... I'm so crazy.. Like I'm that important.. Smdh.. Lmao
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
Sad, but the religious imagery makes me wonder if we'll see a CeeLo Madonna wardrobe malfunction.
need any cover art for your songs?...give me a chance to be seen!
How does my room get so messing and I feel like I just cleaned it yesterday! I swear it looks like a tornado went through it !!:)
Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together - Woodrow T. Wilson
cellulite treatment is work...
Here comes the rain.
"A thing is a hole in a thing it is not." -- Carl Andre, via Deborah Stratman
few members of @ divineadonia will be in the building
#julia's rockin' the skinny jeans at 67.
Confirmed, thanks for the updates!
Jakes twitter that he had before(his old one) is back!!!! -Jordan Meyer(Biersack)-
Starting a cleanse tomorrow. Eating Girl Scout cookies for breakfast today.
#ThingsMyExSaid "we will be together forever" "i love you"
I think people wanted Docs to look more like Word (for some reason)
did you use the pack of cards as a portion model?
Fear is not a problem. Wisdom comes through suffering and wisdom comes through acceptance. Whatsoever the case, be at ease with it.
Either one of the most fun or one of the weirdest nights I've ever had. Seriously wtf happened?
shut your mouth.
I have a serious problem with the fact that "friday, I'm in love" is never actually played on a friday.
When you accidentally put yew instead of yee....
With impressive bathrooms that indicate one's hipness.
HOT JOB!!! Senior BizTalk Developer in Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
Hmm what to watch now..
Cisco Updates Mobile Ready Net Portfolio 5900 Series Embedded Services Routers ... - MarketWatch (press release)
I wouldn't classify myself as afraid of flying, or fearful, but extremely nervous when on a plane.
WJZ cut away from Epic #Orioles game to show Michael Phelps? Did he win? You mean it was a story and not a race?
Extending the VSTGUI a bit...
"You can do anything, but not everything." -David Allen via
This is GREAT(:
It's funny how when someone gets 15mins of fame on reality tv, suddenly u have everyone claiming to be their "best friends" lol.
My one childhood hero who taught me to keep on rolling through life. Thank you Kenny Kawaguchi.
It's 64° in Charlotte and I'm cold watching Nanny Mc Phee
Just recaulked the bathtub--this is what my Friday nights have come to. Sigh...
....But most importantly S/O to CHICAGO
Thanks for the retweets
Want an excuse to shop for sweet vintage while picking up your summer issue of C.L.A.P.? Check out the sale this weekend!
#DASER Borgia "One could argue that female bowerbirds are assessing males based on their intelligence."
finally home. im dead.
It's amazing how some people build their own self esteem by pointing out flaws in other people. LOL
Hyperbole much, #AmericanIdol judges?
She gets it on like the Easter bunny.
Thanks!! It's for Ogilvy's latest Create or Else competition. If we win, we go to Cannes Lions to blog about it!
me too usually do but wanted to c what happened if ppl had to say what they felt instead of asking what weintended
Love you girl lol
You know Doug Haddix? My husband worked with him at UPI.
All I need are blue waffles..
Good Morning, I AM READY!!!!! 1. Looking for an Agent to help me get my career to a whole new Level. 2. Publisher for my new book. 3. Publi…
thanks for the
#10ThingsThatAreAttractive redeeming qualities like reasonably prominent rear sections, blue eyes, and clouded judgement.
she might ride the short yellow bus and sit in the last seat at the back..#Imjustsaying clear her mind, Rolf
: Awesome job, Abby!
Yessir. The one and only
hey dear. I need your email. There is something I need to send you. Send on FB. Pray all is well.
A lot of people in LA seem to keep score, who is ahead, who is behind.... a lot of people in LA are unhappy.
was supposed to go skiing today but it was only 1 degree :P soo we layed in bed all day like a bunch of bums:)
I've always thought that if your customers hate you, you're in trouble! Noticed how Groupon is hated in London/EU
Just got in the van with Ben Baily from cash cab! Won $80 in movie credits!
u stay goin out of town
I agree 100%. and as awesome of a match Punk vs. Jericho is going to be, I have a feeling that will be opening Mania sadly
well I just got this because my phone was being a piece of crap... Sorry 😓
For a writing contest that I won 1st place in I wrote about how #HOTTN relates to me :)
HAHA! you need to live close with all your damn brilliant ideas!!
hahaha good morning Jill :)
I JUST PIERCED MY EARS BY MYSELF!!
Over 2,100 new people are gonna find out about "the 412 Kid" wednesday night. We just did a collab with him today ! Get ready !
What's your favorite #golf book?
spent 10 seconds reading that tweet. TMI.
I overheard someone call me "white devil." Well, apparently THAT still gets SAID?!
that looks like a spider Kelly's BM...
Check out/follow a new avant garde writing project by the biggest assholes on the internet
You suck. (Says me. I'm not speaking for )
&park to Roc do you know a girl named Siarra lee or any of you?
nice! is the muhfuckin man!!!
lol my bad
thank ya sista!! I wish you could be there!
im gonna be up all night
My mom's yelling at me for the way I'm dieting, when really I've learned everything from her.
so proud of my client. she went to a work gathering and stuck to the 5 &1 plan!!! Way to stay committed to reach your weight loss goal!!!
As a break from packing looked at some #ReadingStreet materials to begin to get a handle on things
Idaho animal cruelty ballot initiative comes up short
I want leopard print tattoo on my thigh but everybody got that shit now .
Free Birthday Party Friday! Fling Friday! We love Friday! Text "ENVY" to 46786 to get tonight's FREE COVER password :)
Son of a bitch...this brings up closer to SoS coming back to KC, doesn't it?
We're off the bus line! Stop in and see us! No appointment necessary! :D
I swear I'm so tire I can't the difference from left to right lol
No way! hahaha I gotta check that out. Do you have a link?
Me and Mum are deff jammin' to GYC. Aha. :D
new punk'd ...lets see if its gonna be good
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Southbound I35 at Slaughter on the service road
And now...The Washington DC phonebook.
Bullshit to what? I'm lost. And gotta go, kids are home.
Hahaha just got mad at me because of what I wrote in his year book last year 'and maybe we can hangout, but probably not'. Oops
Cust knocks in 1! Still no outs, runners on corners.
We all can be great because we all can serve. - Martin Luther King, Jr
Christine is such a BITCH! Lmao I Love Her!!
just asked us a great question and we're curious to know your response to it...why is art important to you?
😉 RT : and just went fucking HAM.
And Barrera points out that even those aren't certain, they will just be discussed.
Wait...so if your birthday is on leap year you only get a birthday once very four years??
Can't sleep
My parents always told me not to drink and drive.The other day I was riding my bike while drinking a juice box.I felt pretty dangerous!
I told one artist already but i u
With success comes allllotttttta haters.
Nothing short of ironic; I think my bolt bus was just hit by lightning. Maybe that will reset the wifi?
she can fuck wit who ever she want she aint goin no where...she gon always be mine
For over 4,000 years, invoice factoring has been a simple business transaction that gives you cash when your company needs it.
Hey Creative Company - thanks for following StoryFirst! We love your love of telling stories. Hope 2 tell some w/ you soon!
lol. Why did squeakers block you?
Back after a few days of vacation! You will see a new face on the morning team. Let's all watch and give a nice welcome.
#FTW, thank you DC > RT : Welcome ! Tickets now SOLD OUT 4th year in a row for DC's largest NYE Bash. Congrats!
If you need help getting insurance quotes to close the deal, we'd love to work with you & your clients.
Bartending at Infusion Lounge in San Fran tonight. Stop by and say hi!
We have a Men in Black show coming this season! We're saving Six Million Dollar Man for another Retro Month.
I follow your logic about cheap fares and poor service, but how do you see transparency and civil rights conflicting?
Nobody texts me back? Okay cool.
Mondayitits....getting ready for the day
Green scores!!!!!
hahahahaha wonder who did that!
Saw a treadmill @ walmart as a Valentines display w/ a balloon that said "I love you" on it. Which really means "I love you but you're fat".
And I can't believe I haven't added your blog to my RSS feed. Fixing that right now.
Where at?
that's so awesome. I miss Green Bay a lot. Much better pace of life, etc there.
it's only edible with vast quantities of maror -- and you know how cats react to maror!
You are just annoying. And I'm not "cute" with you. That's weird...
is giving Twitter another try. We'll see!
awesome, thanks a lot. See you there around 7
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 34
Great day. Plus, I'm seein tonight in MKE // only issue: I can't find my Oasis t-shirt. Either way, GREAT day.
Throw in the towel already. We're watching bridesmaids. #you'remissingit
Have you gotten your TdaP vaccination yet? The shot you got as a baby won't cover you know. Whooping Cough is awful. Get the shot!
#middleschoolmemories....Happy crack was the COOLEST :-) :-) :-)
Thank you for your invaluable contribution in evoking the iconic image that's lasted 50 years.
how is it going?!?
That's when I get my retest, right? Right?
Cold here in Pittsburgh. Need some tropical sunshine!
really? cool beans! and you should already know
o well it shld last maybe they need a new battery
Hi, Guys how can buy some netspend cards for me and send them to europe... effort = payment :-) email me at
i watched gonzaga a few times and they werent nearly this impressive. But it is WVU lol so i dont know what i was thinking
Erpenbach, Kiefer, Maniaci at Madison Barrett party. Salsa dancers occupying other half of the room.
that's good!
you are very welcome! ;)
omg so weird I was jus about to tweet the same exact thing I teared up 😢
Do antibiotics in animals hurt humans?
The body's ability to repair and regenerate itself is nothing short of miraculous. And it starts with the breath.
Jaguar to invest £200 million in F-Type production at Castle Bromwich - Cars UK (blog)
pretty sure im sick more often than im healthy
hahaha this class is a joke.
keep kicking ass and taking names. Life is a beautiful ride, people come and go but finding yourself is worth it!
I think flipping is too often portrayed as hard for instructors, easy/desirable for STs. Many STs will passively/actively resist.
Sex ain't better than Love on Repeat... Exceptions for head tho Right?? Love ya... :p
Gotta do me.
great first day besides not wearing my boots
he prays we all die and who is answering his prayers
AMEN!!!! Love it
Oh, Joba...we hardly knew ye...
integrity . . . and a lack of tolerance for bull sh*t :D
you deleted your fb is it cuz of them bitchsss on your dick?
Monica .. You so right. Agree!
Thank you!
“: announcing new app at #epatcon.”
": P.S. For fantasy soccer I can only have 1-2 Sporting players... so. Any help on my forwards? Please?" Le Toux at Van
haha I've actually thought of doing that, too.
I'm starting a petition to stop the sale and usage/mis-usage of lace front wigs. I hope you all will support the cause. Thank you kindly.
My dad just said that the ding of emails loading on my phone sounds like old department store bell
The first sign that your GF is about to break up with you, she starts hitting the gym like it's a part-time job.
Good Morning! We hope everyone has a productive Wednesday!
With Aaron Beam at the IIA Spring Conference focused on fraud and ethics. Beam is the co-founder & first CFO of HealthSouth.
about to knock out!
story of my life !
Caught in the Web: "Decent" Performance Not Good Enough Against Miami
Im not sure if you can buy them yet. I have a ticket dude who can get them when they are out tho. Don't worry, we'll be there.
Told 2 me by shoeshine man: I can tell ur parents were bumblebees cause look @ the honey they made!
anytime one wants to do a quick sync and get outta the house, itunes syncing becomes itunes stinking
really? omg. where'd you hear that?
is it harder to pitch a no no with 75 people in attendence then a packed house. At least when u do rehab. Assign people be ther
My husband tells me I need a new baking sheet for Christmas. "This one's starting to look like a Nine Inch Nails album."
The only real training for leadership is leadership. ~Antony Jay
Just when I was thinking about breaking into the business. Thanks for the heads up!
I am so excited
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Never be the first to arrive at a party or the last to go home, and never, ever be both. - David Brown
I dont think so. I think his current personality has more to do with the lack of attention from parents.
Check out Pew report on battlefield energy at truman project .org
Seth Greenberg is at the next table to me right now
good luck tomorrow!
Good morning friends many thanks for coming to the grand opening of Taste & Toast Thursdays last night!
Three words: "sense of entitlement"
Woah just mowed the lawn for first time looks like a golf corse lol yay me
you've brought this on yourself to be honest.
I'm this is weird but like the smell of fresh grass Omg. Lols.
I may be single but I'm not available and not looking. I'm happy without a guy in my life :)
Thanks for the follow! Working toward a great cause. How close are you to Iowa?
oh...that's sad. Like having a child with phobias and there's nothing you can do to help. Sorry..hope it lets up soon
Just registered for #BlogathonATX!!! See you Saturday!
Giveaway! We have a movie pass for a preview showing of American Reunion on 4/3 at Cottonwood - DM me to win! Must pick up at the store.
Would u pay a higher price for a service and/or product that comes from a biz that gives exceptional customer service?
I thought it was clever! Haha RT : More ppl got my joke on Facebook than here. So... you sit there and think about that, Twitter
happy birthday!
because some Haitians are mixed w Dominican like my family . & Dominicans and Haitians are usually close to each other
Chilling + tweeting guess u can call it tweechillin haha
Come on by when you get some time...were open till 3am wed-sat
Next Wednesday: Paul Frog Murphy and Craig Suerth return to for a night of classic & rare power pop, glam, & garage punk!
re-phrasing.... is ace! hahaha!
everlasting gobstopper; I like candy a lot and Willy Wonka is my all-time favorite movie.
you scared me half to death!! I was like if you would have deleated your twitter my life would have been over!!! :) I love you
do you want to test out my follow button to see if it works?;)
40 degrees and rain in DC. St. Pete is looking so good!
ask her to show you her conga.
I guess you're right.
Lebron James had a lot of haters last night.
does she?
Had to switch between InDesign and twitter - but coming away inspired. #ArtHour is on my calendar cc
We heart you to
#FF Great folks to
this is officially a formal picture request . I must 👀
yea I seen what happend lol.. I was like =__=
Coming up tea with friends at Satoria Tea Bar in downtown San Jose!
I hope you do get ahold me I'd really enjoy hanging out with ya! I was sad you weren't at all good!
Lebron got his shit put of the glass
Uhh , i just broke up with my GF, thats sad.
thanks for the great hospitality tonight for the EdUI reception. Great food & drink. Great folks. Cool space.
sad I have to always come to FB when u be. Well u lol. Grrr
so much anger
Hi there - sorry I missed this tweet..happy to answer questions. Send me a dm. But FYI I no longer work there.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: A gift to a spouse is separate property if she can prove to whom the gift was given. Save your gift card!
Reduce your prolonged sitting time and increase your physical activity.
Businesses can contact us to set up dealer accounts! Ask for Jamie to work out a deal. www.darksideshields.com!
I honestly believe that the city of Brookpark doesn't own one snow plow.
Congrats on the Job offer! Lets celebrate soon.
Yes, you should stop by soon! Book a "staycation" or just come by for a great meal Can't wait to see you.
Doing the stage management for Just The Funny Friday night shows! Get ready to laugh so hard your belly hurts!
Going to sleep early 
One makes me fat and the other is scarce.
Bitch ass niggas Are my motivation...they put that feelin in ya gut to just shit on em!.
“I have to exercise in the morning before my brain figures out what I'm doing.” - Marsha Doble Make sure to check out our 5:45am...
- Mother Nature
Catherine Snow, Harvard GSE, literate practices are more complex than we realize
Weird. TextMate installed the mate command at ~/.rvm/rubies/jruby-1.6.2/bin/ -- so switching rubies was making the mate command disappear
Pat O'Briens in St Clair Shores, come!
Was up
i can't believe I'm letting use my netflix for free so he can watch jersey shore
It's hot up in here. Newts supporters are on fire.
#GoDucks is music to my ears.
taking a break from studying tonight #libr283 #libr228 #SJSUSLIS indulging in #socialmedia, might try out #Google+
Truth : When you tell the truth it becomes a part of your past. When you tell a lie it becomes a part of your future
It will be interesting to see what kind of extension boards people glom onto the GPIO port. Next job: stackability!
JJ sac-pop fly to center brings home another run, 5-0 still bottom of 2nd.
There's already a database with some info on printers/publishers. can't remember name of it
This is news I like! There was a "gameshow" on House MD & is this exactly. Bring on the results or bust!
I had to haul Wiki/crate to ticketing, which was a pain, and then they couldn't put her on flight bc they sent small plane.
Anything you want, it's yours.
They are my power animal, though.
I believe in the imagination. What I cannot see is infinitely more important than what I can see. Duane Michals
My prayers are with Rev. Al Sharpton who will be delivering the eulogy @ his mother's funeral on tomorrow.
Did I need to download four CDs worth of the Revolver recording sessions? No. Did I do it anyway? You're goddamn right I did.
likewise! great meeting everybody, see ya next week!
thanks J!!
Thanks for the retweet!
pfft.. that's not new. David Caruso has been using that stuff on CSI: Miami for YEARS...
Happy Birthday Bianca ! (<:
Last Day Of School is trending & I have like 5 weeks left. ):
I wish my mom would let me get my nails done too. #sadtweet :(
I don't wanna go to work tomorrow!
Finally got some sunshine here in Indy. Gotta be the worst place for weather for those of us who like palm trees & sunshine!
lol who's Bert? And what's the Pigeon song?
": What the pay rates different"<=lol yeah guess u can say that
Love for self is as necessary as the air that we breath. Can't live without it!
I don't know about up yet, but excited for the retreat!
At walmart watching fireworks....
I use a free google voice style number every time anything asks for my number cuz people are stalkers :/
I am so blessed to have such wonderful clients. My family portrait session today was so awesome!
Metrosexual black Abraham Lincoln. Yup! Vote for him. He'll keep the union together and free for ALL! Loose TX and I'm down.
Consider having your book club meet at the store! Call for details.
Whats the difference between a MUM and a MOM! Happy Mother's Day UK MUM'S!
Yep! Crate & Barrel and Bed, Bath, and Beyond. :)
HAPPY NEW YEAR to You & Yours Around the World! By the by, & Kathy Griffin were GR8 as ALWAYS! God Bless!
Drexel/UMass NIT game being played like a NCAA Final Four game. Without the Dome.
#HIRING #TAMPA #ST PETE #ACCOUNTING searching for Corp Tax professional candidate for Fortune 500
blazing fast answers ... winner is #GoDCer with correct answer Teresa Sprinkle
Gary gave me a high five cause of that! God that's awesome.
I'm actually quite excited about this.
I've decide tomorrow I'm gonna wake up dead :P
Step team killed the stage!! #stepshow -- stay tuned for the number to vote us for People's Choice
Ah! This day is a-ma-zing!!
“When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.” Jimi Hendrix
agreed. We've got chatting to do. Will bug ya on the cellular soon
no problem now hit that follow button =P just kidding. You a Chelsea fan?
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Have you ever had a small bug on your computer screen and your first reaction is to scare it with your cursor?
The soups, sandwiches and salads are prepared fresh daily in each Firehook Bakery & Coffee House neighborhood store.
"Waiting for Godot" at the Taper in LA. Great cast. Great production.
Just got my first simultaneous disclosure on a med mal death case.I will keep y'all posted on the experiment.
So hollywood ran out of ideas and made a movie about a game. What's next Chutes and Ladders?
That's a goal!
Boo! The jumpsuit was way better.
aww we missed you to boo boo
Today, a Sixth Grader reflects on something that's "awfully contagious." In his words. Stay tuned to find out what he learned today.
#NOTTEFRIDAYS $125 bottles of patron. $125 bottles of goose. Both come w/ bottle of champagne. $7 tall goose mixers. $7 tall patron mixers.
Advertisement: Have you taken political positions that are going to be inconvenient in the future? Don't worry, just get a #ETCH-A-SKETCH!
will you please follow me??(:
getting in from where?...lol...well I hope you had fun though, and that was sweet of you to reply ^_^
Really irks me when all of the women in a history book are referred to by their first names--and all the men by their last.
Ah, booing the call, but he did, by your account, flop. Interesting. Tell me more.
We're going to see #BigTimeRush tonight at #Universal #Orlando. Come enjoy #MardiGras with us.
and happy Tebowing too!
may i get a CCP code?
I'm home , have nothing to do , & no plans for tonight. #BestFriday -.-
#RAW #TimeToPlayTheGame hell yeah!!
Dear Big Time Rush I already didn't like that your name was like theirs but then you have to fucking steal 's song?! FUCK YOU!
It ain't easy being blue.
hanging with Matt Reilly today 4PM-8PM at South By San Jose, S. Congress.
Counting the days down for school to be OVER. I cant take this environment too much longer.
can you pretty please follow me? xoxoxoxo
great one
Love it! Nice shot. What did you ended up doing in KL?
def 70-30, your favor. I'm a diy bride, I don't need no Harry potter mag to style my wedding like the great hall.
RT if you gotta. RT if you like it. RT if you just don't care.
I am a conservative Christian with a BS in Zoology and over 8 yrs as a chemist you majored in English?
dude I seen you guys once. One of the best bands I've ever seen.
I get most of my energy late around this time... bad timing.. when nothin is goin on either lol
Cech is with the Biofrontiers Institute at the University of Colorado
Well, hello. I'm glad you came.
Some people need to mind their business and stay out of mine plain and simple.
I love listening to One Direction's music. It's soo soothing :))
I've been to one! It's called summer drive ins in Memphis! #letsgo ;)
Honest criticism is hard to take, particularly from a relative, a friend, an acquaintance, or a stranger.
MUST SEE THIS MOVIE! Winnebago man is hilarious, I guess there is nothing new under the sun. He elevates cursing to an art form
lolol the smell coming out they nostrils..
Is there a recipe somewhere?
Kaleigh ripped her vagina in half.....
Hate working so hard for something just to find out its a piece of shit once you finally get it
its okay leon your still awsome awsome any way
haha thanks! Let's catch up soon. I miss you sister!
I have a random list of 80's songs stuck in my head...
#ThatsWhatIHate when ppl lie for no reason
Cant be nice to rachet ppl
like "Tim, you better brush up on your theology, learn some culture, and wipe that smile off your place" ...
Cigarroa: Addition of med school will enhance UT Austin's reputation across nation. Expands research, commercialization.
Hey! You're going to the M&G?
Need to make a lil more money tho
So-called journalist sites unfair MD law as though it were an academic journal
That's true. The internet *loves* cats.
Just wanna say I really enjoy "How Much?" - makes me laugh every time.
Luetge, he must be from Ballard.
alright see ya there
Ohhhohhhhoh new Twilight Sad single, just in time for winter. It's almost dark at 4:50 and my innards are melting.
Where's the preseason love for #Butler? 18th? They went to the NCAA Championship game last year! Come on!
day off.. no rehearsals. yee
great to finally meet you in person Diahann
fight on
God Morning ♥
The 27th of May :)
Ah! I love Scholium Project!!!! Every restaurant needs them on their wine list.
me too! Sorry it took so long go me to reply! 📫📝😘
Screw Anderson's objectives man t(-.-t)
Nice meeting you last night, email buddy!
bring a couple over here :)
this isn't coherent by British standards either? :)
YEAH THAT'S ME :)
my phone keen ramps at school. Im collecting it this month :P mestilah rindu!!
“: somebody threw BBQ sauce on my dads car...” LMAOOOOO i'm dying
At least Baseball season opened up today & the BoSox lost, that at least is some consolation for #Maccabi loss
Well, The Avengers already has one slot, so...
and why did you take your clothes off at the Colab?
Leadership on the PREVENTIVE side of this health crisis affecting millions of our young people in the name of sport is shameful.
“: #Vegas fans: Our new store at opens tomorrow morning. Come join us to celebrate!” Good luck guys!!!!!!!
Num good choices! Yes the sesame noodles are fantastic!
Columbus people we had better see all of you at this show tomorrow! Unity Fest w/ Inhale Exhale, Though She Wrote, Come Wind, & more!
Museum mobile apps & students: how do we best engage their 'lunchroom' conversation and incorporate? Anyone doing this? examples?
just got in, meh night.. O Bar and kitchen, went to the Perch that just opened and then the vip or whatev uptop pretty lameish
2. Stevie Ray Vaughn - Ain't Gone 'n' Give up on love
Had a fantastic weekend with all our fantastic Boston friends! It was exhaustingly fun!
who tryin to hoop?
#WordPress question: What's your favorite social sharing plugin? Add to Any? Shareaholic? other?
: The most annoying thing? A good looking person with a huge ego.
WSU research summit: Like Erica Austin's comments on the value of getting to know one another, awareness of value of research done at WSU
yes. Jake started Woodjock in 2010 during spring training
Some computer models are suggesting widespread 3-5" rain amounts for #NYC this weekend. Not going that high yet. 2012 rainfall deficit: 6-9"
check livlab email for note from me at betterexperience
was AMAZING! hardly anyone can sing that song and she nailed it
i know...people are mean to me and thats what happens haha
just found you on youtube...♥♥♥ so i converted your videos and you're now on my ipod. ♥
my sister wore the cutest shirt today i was like can i have that
Big thanks to , and for their UVa careers. See you at JPJ tonight.
Damn I've beem sleep almost the whole I've learned my lesson by not kissing my gf anymore when she's sick
Just waking back up with some many test messages about the situation I just let it go cause that's the best thing to do
Let's start the morning off good!! Jk we can't...
There's definitely a dangerous feeling when you're in love…it's giving your heart to someone else and knowing that they have control
So glad you joined the party RT : Setting sail on the #wine cruise with
ik Kobe fans ain't crying now . nobody be saying nothing when y'all on Lebron sack
your welcome ! :D
seriously ... men dont make sense
#sometimesyouhaveto just let go and move on
First game for SKC already this Saturday? That snuck up on me.
Was ready to peg her as upper class til realized third seat is broken. So she is not a heinous crone but still dresses too young for her age
RT : Kids play the hero (age 7), practice the hero (age 10) and become the hero (age 13)
ripping my hair out
yes there is a lot of tweeting
A Harold & Kumar animated show is a huge reminder as to why I didn't miss having television for a couple years. Yeesh...
Being single is cool till ain't nobody around
*gasp* shame on u. But I'm sure Kobe's performance today didn't exactly encourage monogamy!
riots are caused also by regulation of inmate society& redistribution of power balances among inmate groups
Yup. As soon as I finish.
Hard Money Lending: No credit score Required Purchase-Cash-Out Commercial or Investments- Contact Milton A. Zaiontz I 210-744-3030
with your girlfriend or...lol
Oh gosh.. I keep voting fot Ive called at least 20 times.. because he needs to win!! <3
U r truely inspiring!I have been attending at DeVry University for 3 years.I would like to show u my Beats.I produce R&B music.
Getting ready to get out of school
I hate when girls think they soo hard like bitch yu go to clark who yu post to be scarying lol yu hoes funny..
with 22 points with 12:02 in the half, the #Badgers have 6 more points than they managed in the first half of the 1st round loss last yr.
no where. lmao
Quote of the day: "The definition of multitasking is not doing anything particularly well." Sad, true, and necessary.
really excited to have you joining the team, congrats!
yep.. These 3 hour downloads are crazy though....smh
Crying my eyes out :'( sad finale...
come with Blake and Aaron to my house and we can all chill :)
That would be your mistake. Comparing, cause none are alike. Get it right.
The video won't send ugh -_- we did pretty good too
How does one become a boxing judge? I think i could be a great one. I should look into that
Makeover time. Planning to make some huge changes!!
Men's Health mag Most Dangerous Drivers puts Dallas #2. So unless you're in St. Louis, believe me when I say EVERYONE HERE SUCKS AT DRIVING!
i like my smile big, my music loud, and my friends weird.
And I'd give up forever to touch you
That watch in person was amazing and the bracelet. Keep it up brotha looking bad to the bone!!
THURSDAY NIGHT BIKE RIDE & A BEER FORECAST: 77 & sunny & the wind will always be at our back! THIS is the ride you don't want to miss!
But you gained at least 1 ;-)
Delicious lunch with recommendations from Todd Gray!
You're most welcome! Had a ball! Can't wait until next time :)
Piggy and Kermet's relationship is bizarre
We are working on our new HTML version of the latest LitFuse Design site. It is looking crazy... is it possible to look a little too crazy?
who is this kid, a fucking morlock? why is he so comfortable in new york's sewers?
thanks 4the followback! if u need sharpening or new shears call text or tweet! new webstore will be up soon! enjoy the day! -Pete
Good Morning Milwaukee! Weather forecast calls for 6-8 inches tomorrow. Time to find your snow brush!
Of course bro
of course.
Jeremy & Bonnie!
Tonight sucked.
#GoTribe You guys keep me updated on the game, heading back from break right now.
I'd love to find a company that would provide an RV & sponsor Pixie and I to Tweet across America.
Trying to buy the Brew Fest ticket, but the server keeps bumping me out!
Enjoy kayaking 50% Off with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
thank I stay in Columbus ga n that was my 1st shoot
cat daddy! How's life!?
Always classy Jason Whitlock, folks!
Mom's day is almost here, make her giggle and treat her to a Little Ped.pal foot scrubby called "Bubble Butt" buy any 2, get one free
Obama on gay marriage Obama is DESPRETE for votes there is no good here, just greed. If there was he should have spoken up from the GET GO!
Who has the best rates for pics? Need a new
Nice meeting you girls! Hope to see you soon!
First inning and the teams are already rowdy
going to the doctors tomorrow
I got into #bottlenose this morning and their sonar system remind me of ripples in G+ but helps sort topics in your social streams. NEAT!
Listening to I Hate College on repeat while studying. Seems ethical.
I agree about the fouls... I don't get why the refs let so many flagrant fouls get by them. (or choose to ignore them).
I CANT FOR
how is it bad news bears?
Thanks :) So excited!
time waits for no one
Belated TY for following me. I thought for sure I was following you back! How's it that I just see that I ain't, pomelo-head?!!!
Thirsty niggas uggh fly with that thirst ball shit
"America is back"
But first you need to do research. Find out what this business is about and what you have to invest.
Wearing my new faux fur vest today. It's so unlike anything else I wear - a little scary!
Comet's getting a special treat today! RT : Today is National #Pet Day! Show your fur-ever friends some Vitamin L!...
: Everyday is one more day up unto the burnout of our beloved Sun - Professor Stone (so enjoy every sunny day!) Love mario
Yeah, why?
you guys are cute.
What was your favorite item on yesterday’s menu?
Went to PGE/PSU's electric avenue and came away thinking the volt seems more likeable than the Tesla. Perhaps J. Leno is right
Agreed RT : Wow! Imagine how awesome the #Broderick ad would have been if you hadn't seen it coming for a week!
I really appreciate the offer!
Taking a pause to congratulate my old school grass valley homie / neighbor Jason Kidd. Great job son!
me too
It's nice to be needed but even better to be wanted.
and a little clutch purse with some food thing smeared on it =-)
Be sure to stop by happy hour tonight at 5pm at Brocach on the square! 10% off ScooterCabs fares for Magnet members!!
I have class today and I would so rather be driving down to the beach.
ill be home!
What is the histogram trying to show? You're right to ring alarm bells for log scales; they make comparisons risky.
what up with his wrist? MXMAS Bro!
put up some new songs
This week went by so fast.
RIP Fullhouse. May you live as long as the Olsen twins, I guess. Even though we could all learn a lot from Mary Kate.
- No need to change brother...just keep on doing you...and let everyone else realize what they are missing!
Glad you liked the #worldslargest Photo
i follow may i have his fan skype ? thanks
with space exploration becoming so popular, how do you feel about letting me..letting me..(explore uranus) I can't say that!
If me and spend more than two days apart you know there is a 3 hour talk coming!
NYT/WSJ/NPR all report Chen being offered 'same as any citizen' options as positive. Seems a clear rejection of special diplomatic status.
I just need a green shirt for work tomorrow!!!!:(
another great draft for the pack
8th grade girl in Crypt of the US Capitol: "I feel so holy standing here!"
Why did we decide to stay up late on spring forward night?
Thinkin bout cuttin my hair today
Bummer....Sometimes things don't go the way you want them go. That's life!
I can't wait for tonight gonna get rowdy! Lots of pics!
WE ARE STRONG, BUT WE DON'T BELONG.
NP: Nine Inch Nails - Every Day is Exactly the Same o_O
If you buy honey and it's not in a bear container, legally it shouldn't be considered honey.
is he good?
what's wrong?
I REALLY GRIND! IM THE MAN WITH THE CAM..LOL
Happy #FF to our newest followers!
#idol WTF IS THIS!!!
Finished with her very first day ever of shooting a television pilot. Two more long days of shooting ahead, so time to rest up!!
Got patron on the rocks and i dnt give a fuckk :).
McCartney...well, that's nice that they gave Betty White some eye candy
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but I have alzheimers... hey I just met you
Stephen's now
i know i am too
thanks Julia! I really appreciate your feedback! Tell all your friends! You can download it for free there! Did you? ;D
Burn bridges & buy a boat...
going to MLW? awesome! look forward to seeing u, but I'll warn u in advance I'll primarily refer to you by your twitter handle :)
How bout The Departed on fx. There goes my afternoon
u would sit in a corner and cry.
STAY OUT OF MY INDIVIDUAL MAN DATES. Let me eat frozen pizza and watch Big Bang Theory with my cat w/o government intervention.
4" excites the hell out of me!
Ah damn *Martin voice* lol
gop says they're prolife from conception to natural death. Unless ur THEM then they want to blow u to kingdm come. NDAA makes US mayb THEM
I want it all back .
Agreed. Never a smile and helmet hair the rest of the day.
Lighting equipment stolen... Praying for our soft boxes : (
i can't i got some mad homework to do, i will tomorrow
There are 10 two for one tickets for our charity pub crawl for $35 at !! A $15 discount!
well since you said Boston I take it all back “: lol...he want OKC to win the whole thing, i want Boston... u?”
two hands on the back? Got to make that call......just saying!
even though isnt answering me, it better be known that shes mine tomorrow afternoon
I miss you too...
Join World Health Day Twitter chat this 2 April. We’ll talk about ageing and health. Use hashtag
Past 48 hours - stolen iPhone; 12 hour flight delay and lost luggage. (Fart noise.)
We're here and ready for #CHIchat!
tomorrow night's wine tasting will feature Yarraman's Hell Raiser and Barn Buster, available at BullFish.
I love looking at what the extras are doing in the background when I watch a tv show. Sometimes they're so extra. Lol.
le petite fleur! see you at the station at 9:40am?
I saw you last night outside of the vogue !!! 😊
Craving naan and curry
awesome! Glad I could bring a bit of excitement to your day.
There's real people in those big big trucks.
Re-watching Friday Night Lights. It's so good I can barely take it.
Will definitely consider it. :)
Covering 'Embers' for our next show. thinking 'Where is Our Love Going' might be next up.
Couldn't agree more. It's double speak from the state. Move towards CC but be held accountable for the MSC.
“: They now make a 2 person Snuggie. That is an epic "dutch oven" waiting to happen.” haha
The greatest unexplored territory in the world is the space between the ears. - Bill O'Brien
Apparently it's German Day at Miller Park. Both Brewers (Bierbrauer) and Pirates (Piraten) have Deutscher uniforms.
So thankful for this week- it's going to be adjustment going back to work Mon. :)
Filming and wifey!!!!
Latinas even make payphones look good :) You go girl!
I personally know Joe and have been on speaking circuits with him. He has a very keen persective. Wonderful Article!
I feel like im floatin im floatin im falling I feel like i love you i love you im on it
very true. maybe some of us only want lustful men ;)
"Those who fall should be laughed at"
Lol & what are you talking about?? I never took you nutella... I think you have me confused with lol
Supply of substandard seeds is punishable under Consumer Act
yeah not too bad. Makes choosing the best a lot easier. I shot a LOT more when I was shooting digital. A LOT more.
come watch it with us at 's house. We're having a watch party with Dont be lame.
: They HAVE had student events trend.
ack- the horror! I suppose holding a puppy is my tebowing...
TJ is having shots of Natty Ice lolz
#attcaddiecall Caddie 4 Masters Champ @ Pebble? Bucket list / religious experience (literally/figuratively) rolled into 1!
Can I go to sleep now?
Win Tickets to Tech N9ne NOW on Kiss 97.3 on the Interactive 7 @ 7 Countdown!
Lesson of the day: Don't run from fear, stare at it. What is it telling you or asking you?
Eric Olson BSR speaking re sustainability and CSR trends
signing up for Spotify. Lookup: 1) using a proxy for desktop account, 2) changing country settings on iTunes for mobile app.
Everybody has that one friend who resembles a turtle.
thank you too! its good to meet you on here ; )
A workout and a hot bath later, and I feel considerably better. Amazing how that works. heh.
Global Sex trafficking is more profitable than trafficking guns or drugs. Spread the Word
KFC and Taco Bell conjoined restaurant.
Neil has me using that and I love the combo
heck yea the Tigers. Coming to Columbia for Baseball place will be cranking do u have tickets
couldnt sleep. watched movies all night. will watch movies all day.
I've got to start eating lunch before 5pm
Make sure you're following for your chance to win a FREE #GEEBZ shirt. Details coming soon from
Showers off the the W & S will make there way to #RVA overnight. Expect continual shower activity throughout tomorrow. Hi 75
better find the bathroom
Who likes Arizona tonight?
sounds like my kinda party. "there might be ladies in tears, and high heels" at Little Tony Two Crockpots' opening tonight.
gosh, I hope not! I could still claim that title for myself... :)
aw thank u love!
Tonight will be the night that I will fall for you over again, don't make me change my mind. <3
You left out the best part : Your face !!!
i one night her u must like her
oh. i don't think i would like that haha! i have to go for a bit... i'll be back in like 10-15 min :)
Let's go #Blackhawks!
I also come across an NMS article just like that today...
U don't care abt public opinion, don't accept SC decision & don't want 2 adhere 2 universal democratic principles .. What then ?
Ya got ta understand Trick love da kids....Trick love a kids
Tomorrow is my last day at my day job. I told them to keep the party lowkey. One BYO omelet bar, a dozen pizzas and a case of Surge will do.
I shoulda bet you double or nothin with the Mavs this year, my man!
dang! That would be sweet! I wanted to do promotions for Radio Disney. It would have been such a great opportunity! But oh well
RT : High Fructose Corn Syrup is the worst sweetener ever and we are consuming 63 pounds per person on average per year!
Nah you're fine. I just didn't pay attention at all.
Always gone but never hard to find and since you can’t escape me, do I ever cross your mind?
Which neighborhood? I've just begun apartment hunting and everything is awful, but this tweet gives me a glimmer of hope.
RT : Maybe you are thinking of the rich 1% who live in the very wealthy sections of the eastern end of the island?
Do you think we should all go back to a primal diet?
is so #Hipster she hates everything about the
ahaha I'm glad I could make your day.!!:)
he deserves more than 4 years
welcome to the cam rellim chronicles
waitress brought us our food the asked if she can get us anything else and I said one thing and her response.."I'll try if I have time" LOL
If strippers are now called exotic dancers... Then all drug dealers should be referred to as exotic pharmacists.
this chick look jus like someone i used to date.
too glad i got let off work early.
Face so frozen this morning, my mouth wouldn't move when I tried to talk.
So true! And really, what human is only interested in 1 topic?
Who's got a band we need to hear? Ready... Go!
ALSO A STRENGTH
Mayweather takes another round. Cotto needs a KO if he wants to win, but stamina might be an issue. Round 12 begins.
Omg, dis bitch. I need to get the hell outta here.
I said Nike made them.. And I'm pretty sure it's a one time Deal. He preceded to rant on players leaving early, not graduating
So not only the law but practical economics make it incumbent upon me to continue incorporating mumbo-jumbo with all my jokes.
Big Hair kid is the winner of the night!!!
There's got to be a football game being played somewhere in the world that i can watch today. please tell me there is...
You know what, you got me there. Dr. Pepper is awesome. I'm just not a big fan of Pepsi.
if you can't get things worked out w Fox Sports re: Cardinal's baseball I'm going to switch back to Dish Network or Charter
you know it gmennnn all day and # all in
Been spending a lot of time in the studio churning out new mixes. Keep an eye out for some sneak previews
THanks for including us in your list!
The #IRS Tax filing deadline is Tuesday, April 17!
thanks to you too!!!! and happy holidays :)
Good Morning! Art is not a study of positive reality, it is the seeking for ideal truth. -John Ruskin
Spent most of the night covering details of the video shoot for this Saturday... getting pretty excited.
We Love Weekends ! Happy Friday
I sent another poem poetry contest for that what I said before. Cheer for me! It was about love. Excited.
Orioles and Red Sox are playing in the 16th inning. Wowza!
Happy New Year. Best wishes for 2011.
Gr8 Idea RT : Im looking to work w/ a local museum on a project to help learning professionals better understand curation-
"Any of y'all know what type of snake this is?" = country music scene social media gold.
Wait, what am I talking about? I've sat through a number of council meetings and am not disgusted by the members.
MADISON ALAMIA. my definition of perfect. iw ish he would follow me.
Last thing GOP wants is cheaper college- means more go, can't have all them educated folks out there..how would the GOP win?
I've never heard it read aloud. Fee-PRAY-SEE, with a French R?
surprisingly yes, sounds silly to me
Broke my iPod...well the screen is SO cracked.
''The blessing of the LORD makes a person rich, and he adds no sorrow with it'' -Proverbs 10:22 Quotes by DodsonEng
COME ON BROXTON
done your turn!
"On my journey home" my new handbook coming our soon! Guiding the C/G thru a end of life event!
I'm just curious. What would your alter-ego be, if you had one?
Last one: Why is Portland ME better than Portland OR? :)
good work DC
Leaving Santa Fe this a.m. having been asked to be a mentor at NALIP's Latino Producers Academy. What a great group of people!!!
ADDICTED to that song.
My phone battery died way too quick today..
I've been enjoying your fashion insight and corresponding links a lot lately! Keep it up!
That's about the size of it! :)
5 MORE DAYS TILL "FOREVER KNOW" IS RELEASED!!!
Playing at #manifest today with :00 at the main tent (1001 s wabash) & 6:00 at the stage next to 623 s wabash.
Victoria Grayson and Cersei Lannister should totally form a Life Ruiners Club.
I had to drop him like a bad habit years ago.
currently at 12th/porter listening to Gregory alan isakov, looking forward to seeing you tomorrow night
Fell asleep watching tv now i'm wide awake and have an 8:45a morning meeting.
When Pres. Jackson was asked why he named James Buchanan minister to Russia he said: It was as far as I could send him out of my sight."
Mastering Mah'Lo Bese's new 21-song Mixtape CD today with CD Text. We'll submit it to Gracenote to.
So you look good
Boutta go hide in the closet, its thunderin!!
Ive been tearing up the whole day thinking about my seniors and how they all getting ready for prom :'/
it hurt to stretch and walk smh
355 a person, round trip through southwest. There's gotta be cheaper. Ima keep lookin.
MLB At Bat 12 launches Feb 29. Surely you know this.
YAY!!! that would be awsome to meet ya!!!
Public agencies are businesses! If their books dont balance they stop working and that donest help anyone
good I miss you
keeping it French: The Mesrine films with Vincent Cassel or A Prophet.
RT : #Bears on the clock after Dolphins snag Mizzou TE Michael Egnew, who #Bears did work on
anyone up for a formspring...? ;o
sounds good man, thanks and will do
The chillest day I've ever had in school
Fuck y'all mad at me fo'? Y'all don't even know what I been through!
hm...that might have real legs!
Perhaps the most important niche, is people who give a damn. Connecting them with us is what we need to focus on.
Some people like themselves way to much.
What are you doing today? I'm going to an Alligator Farm. I probably win.
Like I don't know that im pathetic.
I'm so sleepy and I have a lot more to do
#317 spring break!! Be responsible. Means PartyHard, and make sure you don't remember what happened last night!!!!!!!!
I ate too much lunch
Check back with ya'll tomorrow - good night!
I would just like to say thank u for dming my cousin she screamed her lungs out right now lol
I love you <3
Are you listening, United? Stop separating parents and young children on flights!
OMG! I didn't even know you took this of us! #ILikeIt :)
:( boo you suck!
Is it legal to marry 5 men?
Indiana is strong at every position. Heat will have to come to play every game. I see 6 possible 7 game series. Great series
Make sure and and see that when they wake up! :-) #RideOrDie ;-)
love for dance and sports is gorgeous 😁😏😍
My hump day is going AWESOME:o)
Yes! There were about 10 or 12 there with pretty much every type of food you might have a craving for.
My puppy ranger was just spoiled by Noble Coffee & Tea when he as given a cup of whipped cream. I bet he will want to come back now.
RT : Could work. RT : Tree of Codes could be an iPhone app. Shake and new words juxtapose to one another.
can i email you directly.
should totally skype me!?
Lost World of Wonders is officially on Twitter! Spread the word!
What am I doing with my life right now? Nothing. School is almost over and now I'm a lazy ass. I need to be productive
NC Bound! Welcome to SC!
Sign me up!
Of course. RT : Thanks for spreading the word!
I Haven't Seen Him In Forever <3
If you haven't tried them yet here's your chance. RT : Just tapped all three #PCBW collaboration beers.
Everything okay? :(
Answer: "Yes, You just turn that little voice inside into a live action for yourself." Challenge accepted. :)
evening guys&hearts;
It's Opening Day at Dodger Stadium! Baseball season has officially arrived in L.A.!
RT : It's a pleasure and,if there is anything else I can do to help, please do not hesitate to let it me know.>>>Hugs to you!
lol no dear.
smartassness will get you beat up
i didn't mean to but trevor told me to
you my dear are guilty of being insecure with your man. I love big fat obese women....period. I have opionions
Wow, i was just thinking this...
Looks promising, doesn't it? Interested to see how they will present & link the editions
Ignorance is no excuse----it's the real thing.
RT : I have so much love to give but it's so hard being someone's girlfriend. You have to answer your phone all the time nshit.
Me neither but my wife found them interesting so I thought I'd share...
Making me awesome!
and close ups of big sweaty black men. I'm uncomfortable
sounds about right.
Me too once I get a job haha RT yeah dude!! Haha ill definitely be there again :)
Q2 How responsive are the faculty and students to digital initiatives and collaboration with the library?
Dreaming of my amazing funfetti cupcakes! Why didn't I bring them to work and
I love when i get on a bus and the bus driver is a woman. #Feminist :)
WISH-TV has confirmed report that Butler deal to Atlantic 10 is done...and will be announced tomorrow.
Pet First Aid Training Can Help Save Animal’s Life
This is when I realize I do miss you as My boyfriend but it doesn't matter anymore because you've moved on
You know who I miss? Where did you go?
Why are Ron Artest' shorts so high??
You must have long term goals to keep you from being frustrated by short term failures. -Charles C. Noble
EVERYONE! will be playing with HE IS WE on july 1st! whoever wants or needs tickets contact us please! <33
RT : Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there. ~ John Wooden
If you want to learn to HOWL, you need to hang with WOLVES.
I'm happily single. - Paula Abdul
Haha sorry that was kind of mean
Enjoying new castle from the minikeg! Woo! Bonfire and now a movie. Where's
The twisted beauty of this approach is that our outrage becomes "proof" of his thesis. Like telling someone they're in denial.
because of the woman on the ad or because you want to get your wife flowers?
you all would be good together.
Niggas who try to GD handshake me <<<<
he finally realizes im here to help him be happy, he finally realizes all i ever wanted was to see him smiling, ily buddy
Watching The Polar Express :)
You're welcome! (: I miss you at school l;
Yikes - you mean all the YouTube videos I added to my playlist? Some are funny, but had no idea they would all be auto tweets.
Despite all those things? Yep, pretty sure. Pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty sure.
First, create new project. Pallet on left-hand side with different tools. ? for more info
All 5,000 emails attended to in one day. Success!
Watching Thirteen Ghosts. :O Not my favorite.
Just received an email from a wonderful person that attended a speech I gave this week...I am truly humbled by her kind words. Thank You!
I'm actually kind of glad to have proof that I'm not over exaggerating when I complain about her.
About to go in this Pappas bbq
The squad right there ": Blake, Bryant, Ebanks, HIll and Gasol on the floor to start the OT for LA."
Thank you, I like your concept as well!
bucket list: 1. make a youtube video that goes viral
Nice try, Austin.
I'll be there EVENTUALLY.
Heading over to the studio to mix first release...should have out by end of week! #ohsnap!
we missed each other by a day - i was looking for lunch yesterday
The next Jeffree Star bitches :3
Drinking alone in my room
Going through ancient paper files. Achoo!
Ladies, never pull down your pants in front of a polar bear. They will attack anything that smells like a dying seal.
Fresh croutons for Caesar and a cocoanut bunny cake. Happy Easter
Keep #ForcesOfNature trending so everybody who doesnt play gears can wonder wat it is
My friend got me listening to country ...lol
watching #GhostAdventuresFriday!!! Bad boys bad boys watcha gonna do? Watcha gonna do when they come for you?!
Features and Opinions
#DaneCook is sitting one table away from me.
fuck. i lost my earring.
RT #PracticalSecurityTactics VA scanner ratings stink. < agreed. Learn your nw and impact of vulns and fix accordingly
Man cannot remake himself without suffering, for he is both the marble and the sculptor. Alexis Carrel
Cool, still in school. Kids drugs are the way, don't stay in school.
Congrats & to you all
Gotta put the support out for my city...#memfood headed down with a check!
Tracking bass (thanks )
RT : wlknalkandlka n THEE GREATEST POST GAME SHOW IN HISTORY
Back in Milwaukee after #HOWLive First time attending since Orlando 9 years ago, so that was great.
Wanted to see Cowboys & Aliens but just noticed it got some really bad reviews.
"In a world full of Kardashians I'm the Chloe"
HIM: 'What is your last name?' ME: 'Brown, like the color.' HIM: 'How do you spell that? Is that with an 'e'?'
What kind of dirt do the Denver Broncos have on the Colts franchise? Elway in '83, now Manning. 2 HOF QB's from same org. #DraftUrOwnHOF'er
louis:"harry?" harry:"yes? "Louis;"she's mine" harry:"yea but we had that thing going on member, when she invited ..." louis:"SHE'S MINE!"
just realised that Tuesday doesn't work for me. Let's text and figure it out.
I am absolutely terrible at getting things done within short windows of time during the day.
yeh-suppose snow troubles R small compared 2 trials that so many others face in world. Stay U, B safe & positve energy ur way
i c wat u did der 😏
“: There is nothing convenient about getting, being or staying Great! Greatness is about Hard Work!”
Listening to the songs on Leonard Cohen's new Cd called Old Ideas... it just makes me want to keep pushing myself to write better songs...
Mwahahaha le the trolling day begin in my house hole. (:
You are so amazing!
well done & outstanding coverage! From a guy who never blocked the hydrant and always left room for the truck in the front.
Class starts tomorrow. Looking forward to meeting the students!
please email me :) Thanks!!
I miss you to!
Am I the only person who hasn't purchasers a #megamillions ticket? I'm actually feeling anxiety about it.
Everyday is another opportunity
wohooo glad you found me sup!!! last night was a fun dinner and hopefully ill even see you this week. :)
Just sent an email to the president (of Vassar, not USA.) I can't recall having done that before. If she replies, I'll tweet about it.
truly needs to get rid of the #BlackOut rule. It only hurts the fans, the teams, and the league. RT if you agree!!!
you know, i like it everywhere. only had old stuff once ever....
thanks for fallowing! :)
Shooting pool with mike
Check out as he gives us an overview of today's weather on
Might have been a tyme when i loved her
2. Feature detect to see if X is missing or present.
Another BIG prize from and ! For $200 I'll do a lot of comfy snoozing!
#ThinkLikeAMan was HILARIOUS!
This is for the niggers in the suburbs And the white kids with nigger friends who say the n-word
Kobe. That's all there is to say. What a shot.
download twitter app and tweet is during the second half!
ur twitter one
coke zero. Thinking cream soda might be a safe choice.
Have a great weekend!
Fer me in my life...
Oh Lunchtime, why didn't you let me know you were in town. We could of had lunch or something. *sigh*
So does five valium and a fifth of vodka! RT A well-spent day brings happy sleep. Leonardo da Vinci
ghostchant257 put your game face on myles.
i want ice cream ! its so nice outside !
The session will discuss how delivering effective & actionable content will enhance business, how contextual content delivers better value
such is the life of a graphic designer
yes you are <3
“: In revival hell is plundered and heaven is populated. Without revival, hell is populated . . . period.”
for what?!
Matt Buckley comes back to school tommorow. Ok cool to me it's just a plan old day nothing too get excited over.
Real Law for Creative Entrepreneurs...The Writer's Edition...is launching in 5, 4, 3, 2.....
Done with bullshit.
If the SEC championship didn't matter why was it Blue Orleans all week??
