As I plunge into day4 of the quiche & mimosa diet, I'm realizing it's not so much a diet as it is a lifestyle commitment.
Highest theft 117,711 & lowest murder 323. theft may be high do to the accessibility to others personal objects.
with John Gilroy now with the leaders of the Greystones Group talking
I need a female that's gonna hold me down n not be afraid of the life I live . Steaight 👆
I can think of five times in my lifetime when the Lakers have ousted the Nuggets from the playoffs. I will consider them a nemesis
Yep, and Valve knows their shit, gaming has changed a lot since hl2, tough to make a great game in the hl2 vein now.
~Attention ICONiacz!~ what should I get Madison and Mikey when I meet them in April? Any ideas? <3
I text you later
Heyhotness will u follow I follow u now?
congrats guys
When are they gonna replay it..
They're not evil people because they're good at foosball. They're good at foosball because they're evil people!
Wow reffs. Way to shit the bed. Your career is over
Reggie Evans lowkey took all of Deandre Jordan's minutes
Wisdom begins at the end.
Turkey day today, shopping day tomorrow !
Good morning! How was everyone's weekend?
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.
In no way does this end well.
That's what it's looking like.
The #AAM2012 program schedule is a little bit overwhelming, but it looks like it will be an exciting few days.
Lol RT : Lol has me more excited about this action role than she is..... Ha ha
heard its nice there
Man the suns coming up already ]:<
48 would be proud!
Okay this is pretty freaking cool
Sorry I didn't respond earlier. Did your daughter do her survey yet?
We've now processed 2323 linear feet. I'm having a hard time believing it.
When I yell those horrible words at you I hope u feel the venom I'm spitting at u through them.....karma is gonna get ya n u kno it
Your tweets just are getting on my nerves. Bye.
When I had a break in college I would get food or go on a stroll. Now I sit quietly in the dark hoping nobody knocks on my office door.
nosey insecure tramps!
The #Orioles sit atop the AL East. I'm savoring the moment.
Blast from the past.. thanks! u came at a perfect time..I needed to remember ;)
Hey Arnold!
I hope so! Laurinaitus is abusing his power & he really really needs fired! He's ruining the show! I have faith Cena will win! (:
Wow worst #vma opener ever! Gaga is so gross!
the #GoldenGoat makes all clear
Thanks, Mitch! :)
Such a pleasure to meet you. Best of luck! RT : Thank you David for the story! Love the introduction! "Holy Mackerel!"
“: Alot of request for that here at ” Great song!! When are we going to hear again?
aw that is such a lovely sentence :) hows teaching going? only a month or so til wind-down!
Here's the buy-in: each person in your group agrees to try to lose 10 pounds in 10 weeks
blocked "Green Child" on my page because "it may be owned by" That's 100% not true. Hey ADA, give me my song back.
Disruptor 4: co-creativity and innovation. Talent must be individually innovative and push for AHA moments
The State of the County is underway and packed with Elected Officials
Fell asleep for 2 hours after work...my muscles say no no no, but I have do get some form of exercise
she almost grown
#nowwatching The Butterfly Effect (:
INTEGRITY "It is easier to cope with a bad conscience than a bad reputation" Friedrich Niezsche
Come join #UNLVCSUN as they present the #Rebels fighting #obesity on May 5,10am-3pm. Support a great cause and have fun at the same time!
Great time at the #FashionStar premiere last night with and the DBA team. Congratulations, Elle.
im in diablo land :P
#teamtexans peyton wants to play for texans your takes in peyton Johnson foster mix up and peyton seeking revenge when he is released from
Haha I'm taller then you :) Finally I don't feel so small for once
Back in DC after my #PAS2012 workshop presentations in Boston. Lots to do today at #GWNursing!
haha yeah I'm kind of Expecting that /: Monday's are always exhausting :p
The Wildcat tonight again. Buckle your seat belts folks.
Chromosome theory (involving supermales) is an example of a psychobiological theory. Others include biochemistry & adoption/twins.
IM SO BOUTTTY
Be curious and focused, understand yourself, look at things from different aspects, make assumptions, have an opinion, learn from mistakes.
i'm in good company, then...
We are each responsible for all of our experiences
Mondays Happy Hours at Brio Flatiron
I love the online college ad that extols the virtues of going to college in your PJs - as if half the girls at Penn didn't do that anyway
that's so true! And I grabbed your arm because you seemed like you didn't want a hug..
I HAVE THE BEST BOYFRIEND IN THE WHOLE ENTIRE WORLD😁😝
Awesome #ESPN segment on your musical talents. Pleze RT Gotta get the wrd out! SWEET MUSIC!
"The cookie crumbles differently....in each package." LMAO. Very profound, Dr. O'Neal.
I wont b drinking til tonight if anything my head still boomin like shit
My dogs snoring and barking when she dreams <<
"but I'm not Mexican."
Any interest in partnering to make an iPad app, targeting schools, musicians, music teachers. Could be big. Ready to move fast. DM me.
Morning every one, hope you all have a great week end!
thats cool! So where do ya live? i live in Columbia, MO
Shouts out to my NIKE Fam! Looking forward the Nike Coaching Clinic this weekend
2 classes down. 2 finals and my guitar jury to go.
sounds good txt me
Why does cleaning take longer than messing it up!
Ugh, me either. I, of course, hope they win the series. They are rebuilding a/f this year in some ways, thought they start in Feb.
? what does that have to do with dara? xD lol
Ladies! We will never be able 2 get delivered 4rm guys who don't treat us right-If we continue 2 allow them to.
I guess the world is supposed to end at 6 o clock western time?!?
Such wonderful support from Debra, Mary and the Team!! Thank you!!!
RT : The spring makes you want to refresh your wardrobe? Start out with accessories! This slideshow will help you out:...
need to get one of those Egyptian throne chairs so you can sit and recite lines from ten commandments..hehe
Did you go to Club Walmart??“: Walmart Anxiety....uggghhh”
I get it, she's old and she can still "perform" but I'm not buying it
46% of Americans said that global warming made the summer East Coast earthquake worse. Something ain't right there.
Q being a puss and leaving cause of a little rain great crew
all the times i ever played Battleship, i never once imagined that the enemy fleet were aliens.
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.”
We hope everyone has a safe trip home and a very Merry Christmas with their family and friends!! Oh & Happy New Year!!!!
I hate when she just say "k"
Finishing some epic logos for Action Advertising.
you need a tetna shot after that..those laundrymats are dangerous places :-\
so do u have a number? :)
Not looking forward to the 4 hour drive tonight after work!!!!!
I am impartial. I was in the #Indiana Senate chambers for the #smokingban debate. Just "quoting" what they were saying.
We live in a strange world.
lol of the day (lotd): IE has a limit of 31 CSS files per page <3
The leader leads, and the boss drives.~Theodore Roosevelt
don't get swept away eh
Josh Hutcherson Makes Us Smile :)
haha, I won't actually be in one! I'm in town for a week anyway, training and stuff
Tired as hell, this school year needs to end
#dalailama "usually when I talk, no notes, no preparation, because I'm lazy."
In America, more people trade kisses on Valentine’s Day than under the mistletoe on New Year’s Eve. skincarekrazy
I am DEFINITELY not cool enough for Diplo, but I will already be out, and it's free. : )
#Scandal is so good
Frustrated with agent, mailing to #indiepublishers on my own. Anyone with #indie writing experience have any advice? Recommendations?
nah You're not dumb.
Tactics, fitness, stroke ability, adaptability, experience, and sportsmanship are all necessary for winning
did I already write this? Send a pic!!!
I hate people that assume that shit
About to hit up this dollar Jersey Mikes again
Omg!!! This is getting old
. Very cool. I actually just got Jobs biography. Planning to read it. I say: DREAM big. BREAK rules.
Pinterest is the worst thing in the world for girls... its all fantasy stuff that they will never get.
naahh, Were Cooler Than Corey And Cole, (;
Hiding in the restroom stall with :P
Success is a state of mind put into Action! Coach Terry
Doggy want the kitty ewe this doggy wants the doggy.
The reason there are two senators for each state is so that one can be the designated driver
MCA from the Beastie Boys died at age 47. That's sad news and too soon.
#Notte TOMORROW! Ladies FREE before 11! TURN UP! Need I say more? #Epic #MME🍻🍻🍻🍻🍻🍻🍻
I have been singing high school musical songs all weekend!
My semi-literate, corporate-employed (I'm not joking) father-in-law has taken to treating me as a live-in dictionary/thesaurus.
specifically, what would the creative class have to do to be politically savvy and to affect Bmore government?
Shooting commences. Team Red Wall in effect. Justice is on!
Good morning, Twitterverse. The sky in ABQ is darkening this morning--rain? We sure could use some :)
Google code now supports git. Nice, but github still seems more appealing.
Anyone wanna share their thoughts on the #Dunlop JH-OC1 #Jimi Hendrix #Octavio Pedal? Thinking of buying one.
Just realized I forgot to eat supper, then discovered microwavable sliders in the freezer. Yum.
Lesbian Fighters! (Foo Fighters!)
home alone wwatching tv and eating pizza
I love ice cream cones
Aye girl
Still not going out of biz, thanks for coming out on such a night!
Don't miss tonight's Downtown Hoedown at the Fremont Street Experience in Vegas opening the National Finals Rodeo!
Congrats Jeff!
M steak and lobster tonight.
are you really telling me not to believe what's in the bible? yea every other sin might be forgiven, but not blasphemy
let me know how it goes
did you get the little doodle i drew for you? :)
Sir, most certainly Thank you much for that remark 5-7-5 simply
My nurse was cute..(;
#WhenAustin Gets REALLY excited about something and makes a keek, and you can see the excitement in his smile :)
just saw that my spell check changed Zusi. Stupid phone!!
love you man.. Was hammered last night lol
Red lipstick all on the paper
Headed home from #CLA2012 Had a blast teaching and connecting with new friends
Don't think that I have come to abolish the Torah or the Prophets. - Yeshua
- were you at the game?!?! Such an exciting season!! #Thunderup!!
Oh a new voting thingy? Whatever. Bet gemany isnt in it.
Just be nice, be kind and spread peace because it will make the world better
would be cool if the hole in cannolis were just a little bit bigger
Austin Rivers is the new Lamar Mundane!
QRCodes: That's it, I'm getting a qrcode tattoo on my wrist - it will take you to my blog
A good 1/3 of the google image search results for "interrogation" feature suspected terrorists! FEAR THE WORLD.
well...its still not swearing if I'm only saying the letters ;)
keep in mind, each U.S. state is widely different in size/population. Vermont may be very liberal, but it's pop. isn't..
Have your Milwaukee business featured! Tweet us. We will be pickin 7 for the next week! Fans can nominate one of those 7 for us to review!
I want ice cream pie now.
#FF The best of Boston
You speaking to me naturally and spiritually pastor! Lol Good word!
That can work.
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with "Guess" on it...so I said "Implants?"
#3WordsForYou suck my dick.
People use email and Facebook for different things, and so should businesses (hint: promote in email/connect on Facebook)...
how you gonna make a mixtape call it "crew luv" when crew love isn't even in the cd
hi Matt, think you will like :)
This sweater looks good on you. Ditch the stripes and that color. It wasn't flattering.
why is our facebook page being gay
Hi Jose - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
I am thinking fried egg sandwich... on my way!
I think I thought I saw you try... But that was just a dream, that was just a dream
ya, but at least you can run around the city playing "that's my house"
“: Looks like doesn't want us to have a chance.” pulls scarf over face
Woof, what a way to spend a Thursday night
When you are proven wrong on your "Tannehill overrated" tweets, will you take accountability?
So many people graduating damn!
Oh hey, there are lesbian moms on The Bold & The Beautiful. Is that gay?
Yes my mom said that would be amazing!!!
I don't think any other women is as obsessed with flowers as my mom is
“: Talked to Jeanine on the phone for 7 minutes in my Economics class and the teacher didn't even notice. #CoralParkEducators”
The best way to make someone remembers u, borrow money from them ;)
Saw doing some pre-primary chalking today on state street. I'd say that definitely fits the definition of "grassroots."
Its so weird being the only one awake
#Relaxing is being in the moment and letting worries slip away. For me, a good book or driving on a country road.
Oracle Makes Case For Exalytics, Data Discovery - InformationWeek
anyone got a whiskey fest ticket they wanna sell me? c'mon!
I Think I Still Have Deco's And Some Slaps! Too Lol
Anyone else have to work today?
It is certainly predictive of political alliances. Time to operationalize the Arthashastra in RDF?
Crash Pad shoot tomorrow! Guess who? = + and Chocolate Chip +
RT and Get a chance to win tickets to see Lea Salonga in the PhilDev Gala! #phildevforumgala"
Ready fa Prom!!
": "History is nothing without documentation:" yes there's an archivist leading this panel!" Awesome.
California is pretty hot right now lol where are you from?
Come and put your name on it
We had our share of tornados today in DFW but am home, safe and sound. I am truly grateful!
Time's ticking & it's almost time to go
since sex testing in 1968, gender in the Games has to be complicated as more than "we've come a long way". Nicely done.
Aaarrrggghhh! Jabbing went awry. Finger is now up nose. Apparently I cannot close eyes and jab at the same time:)
Just smile, that's all you gotta do.
“: there's a special place in hell for people who caption things with "THIS" on tumblr” THIS
agree: RT : The secret to successful hiring is this: look for the people who want to change the world. - of
I don't think I'll ever be able to use a Wet-Dry Vac without pretending it's R2D2.
Realizing I may have to chill with this life style soon, but for now ima live it up... #YoungWild&Free
will be awesome to have it that full all the time.
TY great ppl
Happy Birthday!
I'm out of touch, but there are SO many good places. I've wanted to try the The Little Door or the Little Door Next Door.
First tweet from my IPAD. Now I have an App for my twitter account. :)
According to Hockey Night in Canada now, Pronger is definitely out for tonight...Carter is likely in.
I love vegeterian pizza :)
FUN. soon
+1 RT : #wineweb Set aside time for social media. Don't let it be a distraction, make it effective
Salute to the
Happy birthday to our bass player we'll be rockin tonight in santa monica from 9-12. Stop in and buy him a beer!
Learning about social media and politics in Germany.
haha yeah I'm with Charlotte!
bored with your workout? Circuit Training blends strength training and cardio activity at different intensities
Volleyball practice!!
's public scholarship video experiment feat. : #SEM2011 #leak #altac bit.ly/tGuA2T
Said She Like #Body Marques Houston
There is no time to let the blood dry...
Finally getting around to editing more of the draped look with
Did you have a good turnout? (PS - loved your polka dots!)
Tonight at Pelicans Nest is The Brunt. Members of Puddle and Catch 22. Playing the newest modern rock!!
RT Woke up, turned on some noise and heard people killing Favre & defending Jets strength coach. Sounds about right. Ugh. Ha!
Season 1 of "Once Upon a Time" ends tonight, followed by the 2-hour series finale of "Desperate Housewives". Yes, I watch the latter too.
lmao graduating with honors!!!
Great night taking photos at the Fancy Dress party!! Everyone looked great!
bring it.
Whatever you want, ask yourself how it would make you feel. Find a way to feel that emotion without your desire & be free.
#StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie if one of ur friends falls run nigga run!!!!
What happens in Vegas, stays on youtube
If not this, then what? If not now, then when? If not you, then who?
meet my mom is my new favorite song love it!! :)
yes yes. MEMORIES!
aww, is english not your first language? you might want to check the definition of 'honorably', sweetie. that isn't it.
My life seems so over shadowed by this still. I can't even sleep...
#dead hahaha can't even come close to saying anything funnier than that 😂
what you gettin? I'm about to get tatted soon too.Had to get swole
Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. -Reggie Leach
Maintenance done! don't forget to patch! or you will have problems connecting.
I will be in the future! Currently working on 2nd draft of novel, so won't get to my non-fiction book till Fall 2012
this vanilla soft lips chapstick >>>>
. I'm glad you enjoy them. How did you find me?
I'm back, baby!
My god Carson Daly's ears are ENORMOUS.
Why do I have to let go of two people who had been through a lot with me at the same time..
For the 50,000 out of towners in for ; very glad Chicago's finest was represented
Appfog takes Amazon to task for cloud lock-in
Thank U! Have a GR8 Weekend! RT : Looking for some good coaching? Follow the good folks at
its the TSA
lmao She Trying to Talk Bad !
Im the $hit.
“: Selena Gomez is not making friends courtside; standing up and cheering for San Antonio." Now a Selena Gomez fan.
HATERS YOU CAN KILL YO SELF!
until Feb 5th we still have that privilege
I have Fiddler on the roof rehearsal for 30m after school because its tech weel for Hello Dolly which is a 4h tech.
Don't hate. Appreciate.
there's a difference,one pays for the award and the other has nothing to prove.
headed to Savannah later today...
psst. tickets go on sale in 69 days for
appreciate it! Love to see you all doing so well. V2 has been really really impressive!
I imagine it was! Jealous.
Can't tell if that NJ tanning mom is an Onion story or what.
nope no your not!!
GoodNite Mindless Fans....If you Love Mindless Behavior Tweet Me why U think ur the Most Mindess person in the Universe!!!! ; )
: wanna watch a movie
Very welcome! RT : tks for a great time last night in some awesome seats at the game!
When we play a bigger show you'll be the first one on the guest list :)
What up Bitches? Whats going on for this evening??
Duderstadt: possible new models for future university: lifelong, global, meta
G.O.O.D Music the kind that gets you in good spirits
I hear you....hear
it has to be red scale Columbian cocaine or else she just throws bitch fits and bites vaginas :/
tots man.I have more of jhu want...
That's great that those little kids love to play the game haha
Good Morning World 💋
I do not agree with what you have to say, but I'll defend to the death your right to say it
Off to school.. yay:(
No one came to my doggie class tonight and I am hurt...literally my heart is sad. :-(
Internet Talk show, Tues. June 21st Topic: Media Sex Scandals: Is it about SEX or POWER? Go to www.Drrosie.com, click on listen live
: It's today..... Ahh I can't make it. Next month, for sure!
Let me know when next week works for you. And bring the camera. cc
Thanks for viewing our work. Let us know if you need any infographics or animations made.
welcome to the Twitterverse!
I always carry a tiny coffin with me...just in case my phone dies.
Headed to for dinner. Yep. and I are adults.
Support a good cause! Impact Your World Show at DCC to help benefit the earthquakes in Chile! $7 or $5 with a student ID. Help out! Retweet!
The tax equating to six cents a drink did not come from the Committee. It came from the budget office.
the song i just tracked piano for is going to be played for the pope during his upcoming visit to mexico... wait, WHAT?
2 story night: an e-coli outbreak sickens 18 people. Plus, a man strips down at PDX and it's caught on camera. at 10&11.
What do you really, really want? Let me know your dreams DM me. bgr8 now
Seriously missing my bed right now. Long day keeps getting worse.
The sound of a loud fan from an old laptop brings me back to my Dell laptop days...scary!
God damn... I fucked my shoulder up good. Lucky the season is over
I'm hesitating reading the other books. I loved the first one and can't imagine the rest can match up.
Last night was an amazing class with Always enlightening, inspiring, joyful and surprising!
Had my first #fashiontruck experience today! So when should I stop applying our Christmas bonus to my purchases?
playing standstill holiday traffic games w myself.. im a good opponent if i do say so ...myself...mahhhh!
we appreciate you so much, Matthew. You've had a great year. A lot to be proud of. Thanks for being a part of OUR year!
Welcome back,Carol! Can't wait to hear all about
With their loss to end the season, the Charlotte Bobcats became the NBA's worst team ever by winning percentage (.106)
deathcab all day
I wore Young and Reckless ysterday, DTA today, and im planning on DC tomorrow. What am i going to wear on Thursday??
Heck yes RT : There is no bullet magic. A dot to the left doesnt make it training.
The Easter candy consumption is getting out of control...crushed almost half 1/2 galloon of milk today
Confession15:i love a girl that can keep me laughing && i can be myself around
You're a pretty little flower, Im a busy little bee.
Trying to do some research. Anyone know of any community colleges doing great thing with social media? Please RT. Thanks!
looking feeling like a million bucks !
I hear ya on thee drink dear;)
#Onlineshopping may be the worst or best thing that has ever happened. Jury is still out on which one it is.
Alternatives to oil will create new jobs; protect our economic interests, help the Env and improve mil ops capability
yeah we gotta talk to him about our extra credit project.
no we should have seen Shark Night 3D instead
dkhggffahhaah *turns wheel*
I dream of being a girl as I play with my barbies and swig Nikolai vodka
yea definitely
Never mind. I can't even take a decent pic. There's not a good view from Uptown. #PhotogFail :(
Ladies, what's your fav store in the Tampa Bay area for good fashion finds?! I'm talking bargains....
You are such a good kid! LUBS HIM!!
I want to live in Cali
AANM is experiencing incoming email issues. Please call, tweet or message us on Facebook until we have it resolved.
Thanks -I like the encouragement. I'm looking forward to seeing how clean eating affects my #CrossFit performance.
RT : If you're on the way to #Coachella from San Diego GO THE LONG WAY! No mtns. Treacherous. Fog/snow/ice & cars sliding everyw ...
Backstrom has been solid for the #Caps but Tim Thomas did not like the extra attempt
its raining snow here! don't forget your sunscreen!
Hank Aaron with Frank Robinson
i think im gonna do insanity one day and pilates the next day and keep doing that.. the only problem is with insanity it fucks up my knee =/
“: My only wish is I die real cause that truth hurts, and those lies heal.”
K so you be flirting with all these girls and you come to me saying you love me and I'm your only one fuck that shit..no more of US! </3
Seeing as how you're a pretty funny guy from what I can tell, who would you call your comedy "idols"?
Tonight is "no excuse Wednesday!" no reason to miss it!!
Oh, yes. Yes they are. Give it a whirl anyway. I'm not there tomorrow. Next time.
Rice and beans was OD clutch
grrrrrrrrrrr i will beat you eventually... and yes your rugby abs beat my girlscout abs.....
we spend about 46% of time drinking, 38% resting and about 22% doing math.
no joke. I'm sure they make more money of that than we think.
Black History program on 2/2 at 11am. Come see "For Freedoms Sake" at Castle Clinton. Seating is limited so come early
Sorry man. That's terrible. Always a letdown when someone you think is honorable isn't :(
Happy fathers day to all the dads out there!
EDGE OF GLORY!!!!
Boo - congrats on your mayorship though!
Hi,talk to me babes. Im bored 
Nice, following videos shared by my friends on Twitter on - pretty cool
hey, finally made it to Twitter. Lots to say about Murray.
I bet only male SIDs make that mistake
crazy women drugs and arguements equal Tito's problem
No tv today....Know a station on I Heart Radio where I can listen to game today?
We are getting ready to launch a grant sign up for free glasses
Okay thanks :) I've been deleting DMs and sending tweets to everyone who has gotten a massage so I've been BUSY, how are you?
Judy Hale is providing info on professional credentials, certifications, & more. Wed eve in Denver. www.ispi-frc.org
“: i'm a 8 1/2 i have fucking clown feet don't judge me :/” IM A 10 OMFG
that's cool I've known Ethan since 6th grade when he moved here
To prevent contraception - wear a condominium.
Searching For Music Publicity & Promotions Person There is some pay. If you know anyone, please send them my way...
its all good. Sometimes you just have to step back an reevaluate this situation to be able to make it better.
we got it pretty close, gotta mess with the bass still, but I woke up at 1am so im getting a lil tripping now haha
Reason number 28 to secretly love this rainy weather? It's an excuse to wear my "weather appropriate footwear" (a.k.a. galoshes).
From what I've seen, Pippa and JR will be held overnight, Power has been released....
Love saturday mornings: fresh brewed coffee and catching up on the latest issues of
Taped One to One with Bill Goodman today. Airs 1 p.m. Feb. 19 on KET and 7:30 p.m. Feb. 21 on KET2.
"You can buy this $2 bill for only $10!"
If u want small changes, work on your behavior; if you want quantum leap changes, work on your paradigms.-Stephen R Covey
Thanks for sharing. What can be done? Is there a patient advocate organization that deals with that? Or a nursing one?
Stay tuned at 6:00 for #NHL presser w/ : Turn on at 5:45 to watch the debut of Jason Kubel Snapshot.
so you're coming skydiving then???!
": Edward isn't a vampire, he lives in the forest, he doesn't eat people, and he sparkles. He's obviously a fairy."
I can't wait! The end of the season has been off the chain already.
Happy last year of your 20's !
Holy infrastructure shizz...
Waking up cause you gotta pee <
pres. of , noted NY is a great place to have your startup! Yes! Chk out some awesome startups at next panel!
JAMES BIG DADDY CRAWFORD
Hi there. How's the UK scene treating you these days?
makin bacon
AVENGERS!!!! #STOKED!
Everyone is always in Vegas. I've only been here 6 weeks and so many people I know have come out here.
Lost my Gills flag from my GILLSFC car on Hollywood and Highland, so next time you're in L.A. and u find a flag, it's mine!
Amanda and Co. at customer service are the best. The very best! Thanks for everything!
Metta Worldpeace . Once a thug always a thug.
Media can be good They also have big memory bank. They are going to ask their Q's eventually. So get it over w/
Hop yo pretty ass up in this fuckin car
and have me dying right now lmfao 😂😂
Damn I wish there was a middle finger emoji because I would use it everyday 😡
I cried when Iroh sang "Brave Soldier Boy" on his dead son's birthday. I got the feels and shed a man tear for Iroh.
yeah. After caps or before? Also is Mono Jono in for caps?
wishes to be at glastonbury, radiohead was one act i wonder who the other will be, maybe the Arctic Monkeys idk
just saw #Discovery fly overhead on the way to work!!! and now there are goats on campus. I LOVE THIS CITY
Happy Earth Week! :) Go #Green! :)
are you still terrorizing tech people or coming back to LV to do it digitally?
Good call. An email has been sent. Hopefully they are kind to me :)
can we get 7 likes by the end of tonight?:)
God, you are a hiding place for me. You preserve me from trouble. Let me rest in you. Amen. /via RT
Pleeeeeassse wish my friend good travels on her moving to hawaii it would b the best going away prez ever?please!
tweet from my AT&T iPhone. Out in the country where Verizon does not go.
She realy had a look of Suprise that it happened .
RT Jobs report shows there are still too many working men & women struggling to find work, pay the bills, and make ends meet
Nice! Maybe I'll join ya!
Laundry Gear — Shopping With Stuart Leslie A laundry list of helpful, even playful, washday items.
My old boss. Nice!
btw I'm not short -.-
C's forward Glenn "big baby" davis breaks hand in a scrap 2 days before season opener
I got into a car accident.
Why is it men complain bou bitches not havin jobs ..but when they find one that does an has degrees they cheat on u wit the bitch wit no job
#langchat Same here with Edmodo for FB type posting. All my classes use it.
Showaaa was amazing - relaxing before the test ☺
Got a lot done today. Maybe it's nap time.
Hanging out with family and friends.....saki bombs and laughs...
Wade never made a shot he wasn't looking for a foul after.
There's a thug in my life..... how am I gonna tell my mama??
Thanks, had a blast at ! Safe travels back to TEX
I can't see the picture. Is there usually a gnat problem at this location?
i bet that'd go well with #wisecrackers you comedian
wonderful news, i'm so impressed!
You always leave me smiling <3
which volume?
They ask me if I'm someone famous I say if you're in to rap
take ALL of your tweets seriously. About what/whatnot to do, etiquette, being humble, perform and do anything you can, not
or lotus notes.....
haha I don't read very much lol.
RT : #UCFashChat Q2: Many fashion cities have their own unique style. How would you describe the DC look?
Get out,get out my mind. And come on come into my life. I dont, dont know what it is,but i need that one thing & you've got that one thing~
On a world tour.
RT gleecast acapellas is the best thing that's happened to me
Giving up anger, sweets, and fried foods, and gaining a healthier spirit and body.
& , Thank you both for supporting my family #NkemDenchukwu on the release of her book
you good with anything you wear
The sad truth is LeBron is the most talented player on the planet but he lacks the mental toughness to be that guy. Which is why he defers.
was that spanish or gansta? Lol
AMAZING!!!! Makes me want to read the script again.....:)
The decision is in: since I discovered bb is phasing out its single advantage, keyboard, I will choose iPhone. Now...
Mark Twain~ Dont part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist but you have ceased to live.
Haha, okay! I like their season wings and fries, they be so good.
So excited for this weekend with !! Thank god tomorrow is Friday
I'm docenting :)
Beyonce go me on one lol
Follow me if u like my ink ;-p
Thank you!
How does one say: 2010? Twenty Ten or Two Thousand Ten? Personally I like Twenty Ten, it makes me feel like I live in the future. :3
Really frustrated to see how many hacks there are out there. It demeans the profession & eventually they get outed as hacks.
It's so cold in the D
You are a bright lady. Are you familiar with the life of Homer Lea? Truly, one of the most unlikely stories ever. Research when time.
Winning covers up a multitude of sins while losing makes mountains out of molehills. -Phil Jackson
Thinking about moving to Charlotte....
My office is going to see "The Raid:Redemption" at Alamo Drafthouse for Admin Pro's Day. And THIS is why I love my job.
R E T W E E T ••IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS•• #TeamFollowBack | #InstantFollowBack | #TeamAutoFollow | #500ADay | #TFB •must be following me•
Why are non-english speakers always talking about cleaning products? They ask, "spic-y span-y?" I'm like,"No I don't have any spic n span."
AS much as I appreciate these daily intelligence briefings, they're kind of a depressing way to start my day :/
An archaeologist is the best husband any woman can have; the older she gets, the more interested he is in her. ~ Agatha Christie
SHOUT OUT TO WMMA SPORTS
4 seasons of burn notice and 2 seasons of white collar, i need a new show.
OMG WHY NOT
Good morning Hampton, VA. Teaching class today on #Medeco3 high security, #BiLevel, & #eCylinder. You can participate too - stay tuned.
I remember them. Strong runs, visually impressive. What a treat.
What's on top? Nerds and gummy bears are my fav!
Sad news on Dick Clark - Blessings to his family.
Happy Birthday <3 love you:*
#stia11 evening session to build conference community, maybe 100 people seeking to meet and share
House show April 9th in u district..come party!!
Ask God for forgiveness, and leave your regrets in the past!
Wendy Williams and Kevin Hart too funny!!! Luv it!
Now able to fabricate in lengths up to 21'0". Aluminum, Stainless, Copper, Galvanized. Let us quote your next project!
Come and put your name on it ♥ ~
If seems like they can't take a joke and go run telling my mom.
I support St. Baldricks Research hospital and Marvel comics made special shirts for us to get with the Avengers on it.
. Christian Guzman had 20 triples in 2000.
I see what you did there.
I didn't watch OLTL, but they did a s/l like that w/the 2 Todds
Polls close at 7PM tonight. The Mesa Historical Society's board supports keeping the Cubs in Mesa, Yes on 420.
Thank you to everyone who has posted such nice compliments on our Facebook wall and Twitter feed! We greatly appreciate your kind words!
#Thatawkwardmoment when you realize that if you blow the conch and they don't come it has lost its power. #civilizationlost?
i ain't mad at cha
People asking me why I'm not close with Cristian anymore lmao, I don't even know xD but that shit don't phase me.
Weeks. Unless they put Weeks back at 1 and leave Lucroy at 2.
I love that song by Royksopp!
Rack city bitch, rack rack city bitch!
Nothing better than waking up at 4am, stressed about money!
Great Tweeters! sugarfiend
Robo-Demonic Slugs now available to the masses! You too can enjoy this succulent, symbiotic wonder of biotechnology! Reply for details.
Hi awesome lady. I was just here on twitter & saw you come over my timeline. I got your email - you're amazing. I will reply.
just placed my first Facebook ad. Hopefully it'll attract some new clients!
Thanks for the re-tweet!
researching QR codes. possible new idea in the works.
I recently learned about John Tyler's family too. It's kind of unbelievable!
i got the bubble gut
thanks lis. See you in Chicago soon!
“: Just got scared by NOT COOL! thats wat I get for having my music LOUD! #ILikeMyMusicLoud luv u big sis!” xoxo
Manson denied parole for 12th Time, and The Mooch is back on Prime Time - the more things change the more they stay the same.
#California wildlife officers are thrilled: Oregon's celebrity #wolf is drifting toward their state--a first since 1924.
Like can I rape you
We need body rockin not perfection
thx for sharing our article!
5 pages a day for week, 35 page due by May 11. Let's write this slut.
for the game! Go bulls!
Having a nice refreshing cocktail before Alexs birthday party!
Cornbread stuffed Cornish Game Hens and roasted red potatoes for dinner. Funny thing is, my 12 year old picked the menu and is cooking.
Been in love twice & lost it twice
tweet something about gun laws in Milwaukee to us "at cbs 58" and your tweet will go on air
Today I learned that riding a bike is not just like riding a bike & that sense of community among coworking spaces is astounding. Thx
I heard that survival is awesome..but the rest is whatever...
Pamyua (bum yo-ah): An Inuit word meaning: 1. The end or tail-end; 2. Encore or do it again. (
"If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score? -- Vince Lombardi Beat NY! Go Niners!
foolishly scheduled my can't-be-rescheduled mouth surgery for the day before an important event. shoot!
Which means all y'all should be cracking UP w/my commentary, yo.
We look forward to seeing you!
Yeah i'll give you the baseball and wrestling for $25
we couldn't have said it better! In #brand #promotion, it is most important to 1) protect and 2) enhance your brand.
If the dollar bills let me - are you gonna go to #ultra?
RT : If you have the spirit of Jesus Christ flowing through you, RT this message and shout it out to the heavens!
Ok! Let's get some big boxes and some colored duct tape for ambiance and sturdiness! :)
On our way to California for !
you shut upp.
wow not ballz
Uhh idk what I want anymore..
And here we go!!! Monday I' m ready for yeah!
At least. RT : They say 463 on Bruce's homer. I think at least 465
#IfIwasdatingHarryStyles I would have him sing What Makes You Beautiful....everyday<3
#chid480f talking about #cyberrace today, looking at J.Lo, Neo, Jay Smooth, DNA Ancestry Project, AllLookSame, and Google Image Search
Come into the room and watch me Whip up Sauteed Salmon w/ wine, herb butter and cream sauce. Mon at 6pm www.theroomlive.com New SINGLE CHEF
If the Mormons baptize me after I die, does it mean I get to come back to vote for Romney?
Uh,,I think #iJeverSTFU should trend.mad we can make anything trend?stay mad.
yeah for sure you have my #? DM me if not
we ended up going to steak n shake
lol,im not at school either
follow me lou??? :) great job tonight! They shouldve slimed you!!
"The libraries represent the core of our community." Providence Community Library at
I have some pictures of your girl I took with my 35mm when I was there a while ago . What's your email
Rumor is Steve Castaneda and Pat Aguilar will skip CV State of City speech. Pretty low class, even 4 them. Stay classy CV? Not
2014 Rolling Stone cover - a mosaic of all the variations of twitter avatar.
Now i just feel weird,..
try me
Omfg I can't breathe out of one nostril.
you're a jerk ._.
Ok...the update was needed, but....where the f*ck did the public timeline go???
i know you got problems & you failed to fix em', i'm like you need to go somewhere else with this shit.
So tired omg
Follow back
Message ur mailing addy if ya want a sample of Dark Phoenix Printing's product. We're an on-demand printing comp & we wanna print ur comic!
dude I cleaned for 8 hours straight today... and I wrote back like 3 hours ago! Lol
is the bacon on the pizza, or stand alone?
": having a great time at our Black History Month event! Can't wait for "
Looks like a tasty breakfast
i know alot of peopel that smile in my face,but talk behind my back everytime i'm gone.so when they call my # i don't ever pick up.
omygosh ! it apparently happened ! , so how now ? ..
I hate all restrictions that are based on the when someone dies
Monday, Dec. 5: SCHOOL CLOSED (as per APS) due to dangerous driving conditions.
Also a big thanks to all the moms who let us see TAP, have them at their houses and not only let us fangirl but do it with us! :'D x
if I could recollect. You the one that tweeted about him thanks! Btw he's an AP not dean :)
RT - The New England Patriots announced today that DB Phillip Adams and DL Landon Cohen have been signed to the 53-man roster
Ready to rock!
you really are the strangest person i know..
huh? Was that really necessary?
since when is it a CHOICE? I didn't CHOOSE to be hetero and neither did YOU
I can't believe that more and more people follow you EVERYBODY needs 2 go and follow he is an amazing guy :)
Good thing we brought our sunglasses... for these f'n Oregon helmets.
I guess
thanks for the prayer!
Thanks for the read and getting the word out.
you'd fit in well down here, then. Moving to the dirty south?
thanks for the follow--we're #hiring in Minnesota and Wisconsin
I do several classes a year. I usually announce them in December. Sadly,this was the last one this year. I think.
go ahead and send your inquiry to .
Nate silver : incumbents' approval ratings are a very strong predictor of electoral success.
come back to California :)
THANKS MUCH for the RT!!!
I'd be more than happy to BUT, you gotta show ur face for me to tell it cuz
Either mathematics is too big for the human mind or the human mind is more than a machine. -Kurt Godel
True story.
LOL! What's with the new twitter handle?, I had to go through your profile to know who you are! Missed ya buddy
So who would like to show some love and see US (WSR/TUCSON) in the battle for ARIZONA'S FINEST!? Vote WSR for. Vans Warped Tour 2012
On a roll today! and win win win
#bookaday GOOD LUCK, ANNA HIBISCUS! and HAVE FUN, ANNA HIBISCUS! by Atinuke Love this series set in Africa
My lil bro yelled at me for taking his iPod off the charger so i can charge my iPod (made me mad)
WHo Have wOn
Looks like figured out how to make $$ by publishing on ! #roundofapplause May you make much cash, brother!
Sweet, you like My Genuine Find! You should also check out when you get a chance! They're both awesome :D
It's Thanksgiving Week! What is your favorite thing about this week? The food? The family? The..shopping? :)
Give me a burrito bowl from Chipotle any day of the week and I am a happy camper. Today's lunch makes it twice this week :)
King of LA is starting to change hands very soon meet the new king
Not in all cases cause I go to summer school so I want take classes in the fall": if u goin 4 a class u is dumb"
We had a moment guys.
my siri is a blackberry. Yours turns into a BB if you drop her on her head 8 times.
Just for the record: All you Moms out there...don't feel guilty for spending Mother's Day at the spa! After all...isn't it YOUR day?
When u smile, everyone stops and stares for a moment, shocked by the pureness in ur heart (:
Hm.....I'm thinking #SportingKC would've gotten a straight red for that.
Just saw Andras Schiff do a masterclass on Bach and Bartok at Weill recital hall. Deep! On my way to hear Mark Turner at the Vanguard. Yeah!
My pinky fell asleep
Dallas. My co is called speech tx. First heard gut stein speak in Austin when I lived there
shadow at LC next school year/transfer to LC?! :D
I'm old enough to know my RIGHT from my wrong.
im already following them if only u could get them to follow me
okaai , whatever i guess . and i d k your acting like one . !
I wish I was the girl in B.O.B's "So Good" </3
Need to start unfollowing folks that retweet nonsense. Keep ignorance out my timeline.
Another rainy day here in Marietta But we're getting after it. Can't settle for this #2 preseason ranking. Gotta aspire to be a champion.
My family fell apart a long time ago.
DM trying to identify a contact in your group to discuss participation in a national Edu consortium. Would you ID a contact?
thinking good thoughts.
Did I really just check out Walter Lippmann's "Public Opinion" from the library? Yup. What's on your #winterbreakreading list?
pictures pretty please ? :)
We are your VIRTUAL Marketing dept & we bill you like we only work part time-You get ROI like we work 24/7!
beer? this week? beer. BEER!
hand stands are, like, so fun
it would be something creative and revolutionary...
Wanted: female best friend
Really amazing what a good powerwashing will do for roof and home exterior... So fresh....big time satisfaction
Collegiate Players Tour
i cant wait to see ur sexy pics
I know same!!!
I love touch- it makes me cry though. Oy
Hilarious! RT : The David Landis Daily is out even when David Landis is in the middle of Africa.
To all HR Professionals! Tired of looking everywhere for professional development hours? HRResourcePortal.com is now open for business!
Good afternoon! It's time! Tent North and West of Hilton Colluseum. Stop by and see us! We're u
That made me almost spit out my OJ!! LMAO!!!!
I'm real ole school, Fab 5 Freddy...Bronx meets SOHO days. I peeped your "block game" and was...oh ish, they gonna win.
happy oscar sunday...come on in and shop for some glamorous party finds, our doors are open till 5 xo
you're welcome! you could just tweet them and ask for a shoutout! i would wait until the zombie vid is over though lol
Nice little meeting with earlier today. Big things coming...
Built a game room in my apartment
new song coming sooner than you think
Be careful out there! It seems like there's lots of crashes in #albuquerque this morning
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it. ~Henry David Thoreau
Okay Mom =) It's Always Best To Try Again =) Okay, I'll Tell You Later What's Been Goin On In The Group =) Love You 2 Mom :)
So bored in government today so to keep myself from sleeping I get on twitter and Facebook!
Why am I awake right now
Now that's an idea. Should we call it "50 Shades of Waldo" or "Waldo-licious"?
Thank you so much - I truly enjoyed my time with you and the team. There are amazing things happening at People Matter!
"Become so wrapped up in something that you forget to be afraid." ~ Lady Bird Johnson
Birthdays on Facebook make me feel like I am in Elementary School. Fun Bday wishes but no cupcakes.
I feel you on that one lol
ok so im sitting on my mom's new dining table and im drinking water and somehow i seem to mizz my mouth and it spills everywhere..not coolXP
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
#jackiechan isn't dead. stop being ridiculous ya'll.
this tweet + your mario icon = funny
“: If you drink enough, your brain starts photoshopping people.”
thanks baby<3
R.I.P. The great lady of Disco and Soul Donna Summer. The face of an era. The voice of a sexy angel.
Thanks for the tweet promoting "Monday Night Live"!!!
I'm screaming happy mothers day to every mother in the world
I am what u got
California Flower Mall DIY Mother’s Day Flower Gift Guide Shows How to Give Mom Best for Less
Yesterday i saw The Lucky One :') it was so good
I'll google it later
You can't catch a cub without going into the tiger's den.
Police hate when I walk people out of jail. I have the power. Don't hate cause I made your mo salary in 20 mins.
haha what's the point of steak? When errybody got beef! Haha X)
Tell your husband to quit throwing golf shoes at my team!
Less than 25 fans until we hit 900! YAY! Share our page with your friends so they can Enter To Win our killer Extreme Summer Make Over!
Hm guess I will work out wt my sis then get dressed for the day
#6-Troy Palumalu-SS-Pittsburgh Steelers
u look way better than flocka
If I had only one breath what would I want to say?
Of course you already implement this for your agency, but wonder if this type of investment could be worth it for others.
you know me I might pull up in my armor truck...
Yes of course the US #Congress lives by diff laws re #InsiderTrading & #CheatSheet, hence #OWS movement. Force congress 2 abide by same laws
You won't end up giving it back if you had this for one night
i know i just said tilden because i forgot where he told me it will be at
I bet Elton John takes the stage with #Madonna during the halftime show.
what what what
i love #Syracuse #basketball! Shut it down! get some revenge on #Vermont then move on to round 2. GO CUSE!
You are hilarious my friend! I think you should put dance moves to that song!
I'm hungry
SHOT OUT TO Holla for them FLXPhone's #iGotMines!!!
The ‘Expendables 2′ Full Trailer Is Out, Even More Ridiculous Than You Imagined It Could Be
You rock! Thanks for spreading the word!
so if you verified twitter gives you checks cuz you said checks not a check
Yay my book came in sick.
your honestly really handsome for only being 14 ((:
I'm from MD/PA area so I've had just about everything of there's...int his case..yes
I'm glad Game of Thrones is finally getting around to answering all the questions left hanging by the Lost finale.
Checkout tophatter #Jewelry #Auction #Live Now
^o^ it be strange people adding me on facebook & following me -.-
You can't be ugly and play hard to get. It just doesn't work that way. You're already hard to want.
did u know how many points #5 had for thomas more
One of my favorite ways to use cell phones in class: www.polleverywhere.com
1st concert announcement in a loonng time that has me excited... in CentralPark.
I was captivated while she talked. Such a sweet woman. She's very thankful to be alive.
Have you picked up the new cd "Dark Adrenaline" yet? What did you think?!
Hi NY, ive missed you
Hi I think you twitter account was hacked. I was sent a direct message with a suspicous link.
Fallow (FUNNY SHIT) and if u hate the philadelphia eagles...(L) :))))
how u guys doing miss u
who knew you could achieve zen with benadryl allergy. can i get back in my body now please?
Become in experience what you already are by God’s grace. The Christian is risen with Christ let him exhibit that new life Col 3v1
Nice job #BrunoMarrs! At
lol maybe we'll send you a sneak preview to listen to when it's done!
in your words "once again im not good enough"
nice work.
like evaluated?? Or actually "done" ... ?
i found a parking spot.
I want to wish all of my Family, Friends & Fans a Happy Holiday & a great New Year!! Thanks for all of the love & support!
I hate all of my next 3 classes
aww, i am VERY excited! #PSandersGoingBIG thank you so much for the reply & follow! you are the best! <21 💋
#FNFS sounds like a blast! But I'm having dinner with one of my former NU professors. Next week?
Presenter has traveled and studied with - who encourages Western audiences to not follow Buddhism, but to take from it.
Thanks for the follow ! Here's hoping that we get you at the end of your library school sojourn. ;-)
Latest I've been up in a week. :-/
Bynum And His No Defense.
My feed is already filled w/ Star Wars references. I'm a superhero fan, so it's Avengers Friday to me ;) But still, May the 4th be with you.
Here we go, finale time! "in Bachelor history" Drink!
": Life's an elevator.. Pick a floor or end up on sum1 else's! Do you!!"
It's weird how everyone is packing now. Kind of gonna miss the portables.
So silly
If you in France, check 'France 24' news Channel tomorrow. Kids and animals interview gonna pass 6 times tomorrow during the day.
you're welcome! Hope to see you soon! If you're ever back in the upstate/ western ny area. Let me know! I'll help promote you
yeah but that's still like so far away :0 my parents are headed up to ur area tomorrow
What the fuck is going on right now #Smash like ??? I'm confused
we already have Charlie Frye, we don't need another Browns QB failure..
lowkey finna go to twitter jail...
yes and no. I guess at least they still exist. Theres much work to be done for them
Dear Gods of Dieting, please know that I am being good. Who else would wash their sardines down with sauerkraut water?
Beautiful advances on some 'marketing designs' today. Some of the greatest work I have ever put into Photoshop and it's 'retinatic.'
no actually my favorite singer is going to be over at Biggs Field by fort bliss so im going to that right after school
Pinnacle Technical Resources ranked #3 on SIA's list of growing staffing firms acquires Provade Inc. a Vendor Management System Provider.
Just relax and let God love you. Things are never as dire as they seem to our little minds. Open to the Mind and Heart of God.
justin bieber !!!!
so ashamed of myself.
at least I wasn't the only one thinking it. lol.
Lots of new life changes in the near future!
"A right delayed is a right denied." - MLK, Jr.
Is there an issue on UWS? I have no dial tone and no Internet.
#InstantTurnOn guys with nice bottom lips ;)
I have a good personality just take a alot to get to know me
Love the heart felt #rotary photos
How's everyone's morning going?
ha! actually it turned out to be a terrible accident. when we passed a car was on it's side in the middle of the freeway :(
ONE OF THE BIGGEST MYTHS of ALL TIME: "Change Takes Along Time!!"
Bummer! Hope you feel better! Love you.
so what's up?
are u gonna be at the NYC show?? I really wanna meet u ! Please follow me 😘💜
just spent a good 30 min. on thanks to you!
Just ate JITB tacos.. simply delishchchous.. (wipe the ketchup)
yes yes. but send me one now!
You need a comedian from Florida?
The livephish stream from msg is pretty cool
RT : Rondo's 8th career Playoff triple double (13, 12 & 17) tonight leaves him just one short of the rest of the NBA combined!
but I'm working on converting you
silk scarves
They need to let me get hold of these sick bastards that hurt kids. I swear to God I'd make them stop breathing so fast.
Be sure to say hello to Dr. Matthew Stiffler from ! Enjoy the conference!
i will have more photos from the protest later. but 3hrs of sleep + waking up at 7am + marching all over the damned city = time for a nap.
Report: Canadiens to name former Blackhawks assistant Bergevin as new GM
What to go home so bad :(
Hey Marcus. I'm well. The SM training is going well. I'm taking over my store in June for 3 months cuz my SM is going on mat. lea.
Tenga *hands you a coke* #SatisfyYourThirst RT Im thirsty, -.- I want coke :)
I requested a grant writing workshop through my VISTA supervisor, might be worth a try.
hahaha yoga, not yogurt. it'll have you skinnier than #gophillies!!!
How well do you think the Rangers would match up with the Kings? I HATE the Kings!
Any suggestions on Denver Hotels for this June?
Okay guys... I'm doing it. , here I come! Deliciousness is imminent...
Reliving 's marvelous Saint-Saëns' s Organ Symphony today, conducted by de Waart. BLISS
Colwyn repeals state of emergency
#QuoteOfTheNight "baby powder hates her!"
+1 ": Really glad the Supreme Court shot down that bill forbidding sale of violent video games based on the first amendment."
let us know what you think of your UNDAWAREness. share your UNDAWAREness Stories with us. we would like to hear from you. tweet us!
What day is it ? Lol
Unsung Hero (Faculty) -- Lindsey Darling.
RT Last night the video shoot in downtown Nashville with all the fans was great!! I'm excited to see the results of all t
Frisbee in the rain :(
What do you think you'll be doing tomorrow at this time?
Happy Birthday ! Have a fabulous day!
Hello all! Sweta here. Lightning & thunder are creating some freaky fictional scenarios in my mind.:-)
that's a sign of weakness! lol .
What a beautiful day.
It's been a crazy week ... RIP
": Just organized all my drum samples, fuck that's tedious lol" let's get it my dude!!
We got extremely lucky. It's a tough business to work with. -Lloyd Banks
Tried that, there is no contact email on the page. Is there an email address?
Good day. New Mac. New Office Space. That'l do.
Come see me this weekend!!!
I didn't know you watch shows haha..um have you seen the surreal gorgeousness that is ?!?!
My professor just said “arrested development”. Immediately, four of us looked at each other.
GOOD LUCK ACM (: you deserve this!! (:
shelby thinks i look like a girl today. she's so sweet..
congrats on your sale!
Dear Job Applicants, Yes, we DO notice how long it takes you to fill out a basic application. Just FYI.
I think I have heartburn.. 😡
A4: As long as it needs to be to say/do what you need to do – shorter is best.
Do I have Homework...? if I do to Bad...
love that. Mine would always run and hide.
hahaha! I remember! :)
I agree she is:-)
I went to google #NDAA. No mention on major US media(figures). Either #censorhip has begun or people dont care. Not sure which is worse.
Most "fine dining" restaurants are opened by some B- culinary kid who sank $20,000 into making his final class project a reality.
Great event tonite in Detroit! #att28days with
watching the movie cb4
that's what I'm saying
ugh sucks i cant oovoo because i dont have my laptop and my phone dies to quick when i get on that way ugh
Fundamentals are a crutch for the talentless.
I be so far uh uh uh uh Up, we'on giva fu uh uck.
Thirty minutes in the Cricket Amphitheater parking lot and we haven't moved at all. Can someone please help direct traffic?
whaaaats up sue
100 days my friend, 100 days! We are officially moving into the double digits!
Many birthdays here, too. What exactly goes on in May? (9 months back)
The breakfast I just had was insane. 💩
That's what *I'm* thinking!
Don’t forget to tune in to MDB’s new series “Nostalgicon” tomorrow. First one up is a mischievous front page man. Can you guess who it is?
Top #MLB Monitored & our current Featured Handicapper TBONE still has 7 Units of Baseball Advice waiting for you in tonights late games!
“We can’t solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them” Albert Einstein
Nice to "meet" you ! I look forward to our conversations about #crime and #books!
One of the best actors ever! Meryl Streep on Jimmy Kimmel.
Shooting the video for Champion at the McDonogh 35 vs Edna Karr B-Ball game on Jan 27th....See YOU there!
We'll see what we can do!! :)
Happy Mothers Day!
Ok #woodywoodchuck is the new #groundhog !!!! I trust in him :)
Improve your interview skills! Come to Samaritan Ministry's free Employment Workshop TODAY at 11:00 AM at our Northwest Office.
Hey, thanks for the #ff mention, so kind of you.
and are the MOST sweet guys in my life!
DONE and DONE! ;)
I need to stfu and go to sleep...
PAIN & DESTRUCTION!! If I only had the leather bondage getup, that pic would've been perfect
BrownRiceFamily on Jamaica ave and 153rd right now about to play outdoors. Okai Haiti
Yeah I heard, good thing I decided to stick with doing WEDNESDAYS @ SupperClub instead and getting to see STEVE AOKI Spin LIVE.
TGIF! See you all tonight!
why would you tattoo shoes to your feet lmfao
LAST DAY to register for the October 9th SAT exam date!
“: I act like I don't care, but deep inside, it hurts.” exactly.
when are you comming back to Realty Executives in Riverside?
Govern a family as you would cook a small fish - very gently. - Chinese Proverb
well loookk at you hahahah being everyone's type lol
Wait today's Friday the 13th 😳
RT : RT : Little known fact, #Porsche racing cars start out on the same assembly line as road cars
:o yayyy :D
I do will send it you
Do we have any?
shut the hell up!!!!! Lmao!!!!!! I work hard! Even tho I'm sitting in a chair alday....
Great work with Alex tonight! Long time coming!
Power keeps flicker on & off and we haven't even got half the snow they said we would. Pray the we don't lose power!!
My nephew told me to fart on the fire
it doesnt give me the option to direct message you:(
@ the Library: good morning twitter! I had something ridiculous to say but its gone now. such is the nature of Monday.
thank you.
I HATE PEOPLE WHO FRONT >:(
What plane and when will u get here.
Our statehood is under review?! If our state's name was as lame as yours, it'd be South Canada.
Anytime man! It was a great weekend!
RT - Miami is beginning to build up a reputation of not closing, thanks to these Dolphins. Oh yeah, and sorry ass Leb...
Just tell them who your favorite college team is. That will definately give you a pass.
Does anyone know what is burning north of abq?
but he needs to stick to rapping - not singing like in "How To Love" - awful singing, good rapping.
Every moment since 11 has been a Beastie Boy song, and I only just started repeating them.
PEMF is standard of care in RA in Europe. In U.S. it's not "profitable" hence not used. #chronic cc:
Traffic traffic traffic...... Or is it obama in #denver?
At the Nadal vs Tsonga match. Great crowd tonight. Makes me miss my Tennis days.
The Curse of "Interesting" Times. Glad she's ok -- & that lunch was great
Ample understanding. deficit of application. pathetic attention to conviction.
Late reply, i found the cover hilarious. Not that i was expecting an opus to transcend pop music. but real talk, shit sucks.
It ain't easy being a boy named Suh.
Shut up?! I used to love Ben Savage...In a gay way
I would love that. My phone is off until tomorrow, but yes, we do need to get together soon. ;-)
End of the 1st quarter, Panthers lead the Rangers 1-0.
I love the arts...what about you! If so please support RISD by donating to the RISD Annual Fund today! -Deja, '14, Industrial Design
I gotta do dis I gotta do dat, I gotta go here I gotta go dere...
I love the one check for $0.29 The teller looks up at me like "seriously." LOL and I'm like "hey that's a teaspoon of gas!
in my best Gamer Voice ... Apparently so...
thank you for the ribbon cutting and support at our launch event, it is all much appreciated and helpful in serving the community
my dream is that you follow me on twitter, I just ask that I love you selena I need to follow me please!
Ladies if you love your man, show you him who fly is.
this isnt the day for e just want to go home and go to bed :'(
Happy Thursday! Watch out for the thick fog! Watch the for updates!
haha,that's some crazy shit.
Now following
Dardenne bros. still have it. _Kid with a Bike_
See ya bye, JC! Mountain City, here I come!
REPLY TO ME
Are you protesting in DC today?!
LMAO! You know that goldfish woulda saved you in a heartbeat lol
UPDATE BREAKING NEWS: All I-205 sb traffic diverted off freeway at Division/Powell exit.
Number 1: Knowing the difference between Classical music, and classical music.
talk about a brand ambassador!
Weak ties are the key to social networks. They are trusted sources of health info. They can build interest, disseminate info.
You think them niggas you with is with you?
top ten next year
Check it out - the ARR is at the #GreatAlaskaSportsmanShow at the Sullivan - giving away some great BOGO's!
We sure needed the rain yesterday, but today is gorgeous! Come on out and enjoy this day at the market. We'll be here from now til 1pm
9thPeriod Marketing Expanded online education plan urged for Iowa students bit.ly/og0Ai7
Come inside for a little homemade tea, and if you fall asleep then at least you're next to me
I'm going to create an online music game: you listen to 10 seconds of a song and guess whether the band has beards or not.
sowwyy Boo Boo Bear ,:(
My #MamaSays if you can't say something #Nice then don't say #Anything at all.. That's why I use #Twitter to #MakeFunOf People...
"By the way, it is tearing me apart to do this" supporting "obsolete" side of debate
Rise and shine, Twitter World! There's a beautiful Monday ahead of us. I cannot WAIT to head out into the sun today.
If the upward trend in data continues, my client with Autism (and his team of therapists) will be ready for their first 5k in may!
Up and going, it's going to be a long day...
HUGE eyeroll - ugh.
My point has been to see if, other than one stat, there was anything which made Gonzo a potential top 10 WR. There's not
We're opening a few more FREE accounts to Pro Baseball Instruction.com. Code is June20....hurry as these won't last long!
Sounds hectic! I'm chilling with MiniMe watching Fairly Odd Parents.
EXACTLY!!! I'll post them eventually tho(:
Last week a candle factory burned down I got great photograph of everyone standing around trying to blow it out
<3 thanks buddy. I know, your right but it was the foulest thing someone has done to me
Come out this Saturday August 21st to Skillman Street Bar, and have a drink with us.
will I watch 500 Days of Summer for the seventh day in a row? I think I will.
Our party is actually on Sunday :) Thanks for RTing 's post!
Well, the Captain, the Radioman, & the Rats will go down with the ship. PS: i like the radioman best.
finally getting to do laundry!
eyewitness to deadly accident gives frightening account of what happened...coming up soon at 11
For story purposes, Adams zeroed in on certain ZIP codes w/ high rates of serious disabilities.
Very happy for jermaine. He was my second favorite :-)
thanks dude. I appreciate the tag
My pleasure, nice to meet you too, Candi. Great work you're doing! I think you and might be able to collaborate...
At the Philly public library waiting for the arrival of Sarah Vowell. Looking forward to laughing and learning!
I found it this morning and had to save it.
Any QBs out there wanna throw hit me up
Whats up New York
IT'S THE FINAL COUNTDOWN (doo-da-doo-doo... doo-da-do-doo-doo) 10 DAYS UNTIL CHRISTMAS! Let us help you with some AWESOME last-minute gifts!
And you wouldn't live long
S/O to all of the good ppl in #TheNewD1 who have donated $5 and $10 to keep me serving on #metrocouncil because YOUR donations matter.
I haven't worked this hard in a long time! But in order to have what others won't have tomorrow, we must be willing to do what others...
It is a RARE night here at Madrone, thanks to Oscar Myers, Steppin', and a special guest or three
#Dogs become loyal not because you feed them, but because of the companionship you give them.
Interests in things that you are not currently interested in takes faith that what unfolds may hold significance in future endeavors.
shot it went by super fast for me!
nuthin, girl! Getting adjusted to the new gig :-)
When lying is bad & the truth is worse......
hate the entire male population
with the voice only God can give! You are an inspiration and i will always be one of your biggests fans! <3
#first40songsonshuffle don't speak- , turn right- , when you look me in the eyes- (16-18)
Today in Literary History: J.R.R. Tolkien, best known for "The Hobbit" and "The Lord of the Rings," was born in South Africa in 1892.
hope you are ok. Feel better.
trust your instinct
Eating in the closed side of the restaurant by myself with Oliva Newton Johns - "Hoplessly Devoted To You" on the radio is so depressing.
#cowboys say bye bye to Jerry Jones, i'd say about time lol..!!
The Silk Tie likes Don!
RT : Did you ever get your Pentagon book signing??>>>Hey there, Brother. Negative. Made contact, zero response
Good morning today school
Are you going to be able to watch the BlackHawks tonight ?
Your welcome
#MUSICINTERVIEWS Clement Marfo & The Frontline - Nando's Secret Gig, Kensington High Street
When peoples are mean to you for no reason. The reason is usually jealousy.
. completely dismantles aa the shameful hypocrite he is
LETS GO BOYS LETS GET ONE MORE NO CHANCES!
Art car ball and tired.
Was the Perry's specialer special just for Invodo employees?
oh, cause I was like "WHAT WHAT OMG I DON'T HATE THEM WHY WOULD MADDY ASK ME." I was flipping out, I love you guys 😘
Thank you for the follow!
I couldn't agree with you more!
RFT !!!! ": I can't wait to be a senior you guys just don't know."
i think should have a tinychat<3
I love that song though “: Dear Internet Explorer commercial. IE will never be cool. EVER”
AND GAZANS DANCED IN THE STREETS ON 9-11. You have a double standard that is disgusting!!!!!!!!
#JBSOMEDAY I will meet justin bieber and be really good friends till the end :D <3
Ma$e used to be THAT dude
Beastie Boys > everything
no problem. Enjoy your vacation tmo. They really are sorry and itll be alright ;) there's a reason for everything.
No idea. Why don't you ask her?
You spend my head around when u go down. Right down town.
lol you're welcome!
I don't have time for superficial friends. I suppose if you're really lonely you can call a superficial friend.
RT Bynum laughing to Metta about last pass being off the mark. Lakers lose. > ladies n gents, your starting center for the lakers
rolling rock was 16 bucks for a case at Safeway. Good value. PBR has gone up at 3x the average since it became cool
Fuck guys who talk to other guys girls tryin to get "something".
I never have anyone when I need them. But they always have me when they need me. Wtf?
no backpack, but I did snap one of my syllabus ;)
I'm glad to have fans like yins 😍😍
#mnwild Why no play like that from Gilies wearing a Wild sweater?
Sending you all love, today and every day, always and in all ways! Shine On Brothers and Sisters!
About time we get a sack!!!
Storm + Empty warehouse = Really freaky
*really a big problem
Game of Thrones by George R.R. Martin
Morning, have a blessed day
how you doing
i guess sometimes you just take the extra steps to make someone feel special unless it is clear it&#39;s a waste of time of course. sim…
This made me giggle with glee. Yippee!
Our team is tweeting this week from #TEDActive in Palm Springs! More updates and insights to come as the week unveils!
Are these symbols and traditions common to all North Amer. tribes? Were there controversies as to how best to represent all?
I can't imagine what it would be like to train/qualify for the Boston marathon & then be asked to not participate 'cause of weather.
Listening to CBS FM 101.1 WCBS New York City online. I think I heard the f-bomb on an ad about a town with a name close to that. Gee, NY!
Thank you for the follow Thomas! After the festival subs are exhausted we'll make the movie accessible ASAP! Trailer up soon.
Thank you for the Retweet ;)
Adore Glimmertrain for submitting short stories, they are one of the best for up and coming emerging writers!
Screw it im not doing my social studies.. i will do it tomorrow and hand it in on thursday
Social media presentation over. Big thanks to Davidson Hotels and Resorts for having us!
Hi there, silly that a girl like you would be in a place like this.
Finally saw the jewelry of looking' good and prominently featured in the latest #MinnesotaMonthly. Bravo!
Looking forward to "Game Change" on HBO tonight. Nostalgic for the simpler political times of 2008.
U must of them damn internet blunts stay focus we gotta get dem follows up
I thought coltons segment was way too long and they wasted time with that girl from the bog bang theory.
Liked this quite alot. Kickstarter just gets better and better - will see what it does for books...
"Brother and Sister Bonding" till 4 in the morn. #WizKalifaInspired °°°
the term oomf <
Selling beats isn't about how hot your beats are. It's about pricing them accordingly, considering competition's prices VS their skills
#IsMelissaA i think so! I cant wait to see!
What are you writing about?
My ASM told this lady that this candy shrinks if you put it in vodka.She replied, that's not the only thing that shrinks in vod.Made my day
Hey, I'm not everybody! I'm my own person! I'm *special*. And so are you. So are all of us! We're all special!!!
$200 Cash prize for best costume Saturday night!
haha, there would have to be a predetermined date hashtag
Who is this?
Wishing I was cuddling with my baby right nown
Update on Huntington 5th Ave main break: Leak isolated and repairs underway. Only three customers affected. No further need to conserve.
