that's cool haha
Woa. what r u on to treat it? My hubs makes rx drugs and works w drugs for MRSA. 1 is at stage 3 human trials. Nasty stuff
I bought a new pair of today in a kids size 4.5. My feet are shrinking!
as a rule of thumb, I don't read articles that have memes above the fold
We are shooting a PSA today!
hell ya you know thats is getting retweeted p.s love you forever!!!!
:) I'm playing "Don't You Worry About a Thing" now
My pastor preached today. Matt 26:36-45. It's time to go a little further
At least give me a try.
My favorite sweet-tempered poultry crime-fighting team has to be The League of Extraordinary Gentle Hens.
Got a NCT callback, lets go.
Ah . I'm gunna beat yaa up tomorroww . Me and ((;
$20 credit for $75 spent expires tomorrow. Must. Go.
Nice. Glad to see it. But: If I can wish, I wish there was more insight on the democracy part. Si? (meant that to come from me.)
I do need to catch up on Supernatural, gonna probably marathon it tomorrow night :p
We're at the end of the hour, but here's the FEATURED OPPORTUNITY: is looking for contributors + ad amazons!
you should follow who found it :) Xx
when u incorporate Hyperlinks into the Entity-Attribute-Value model you end up with #LinkedData. The Data is Extremely Linkable!
": is it bad that I think and are hilarious? 😄" not at all lol
What do you wanna make videos of?!
I've wanted to read it, but I get nervous when the world described my animal rights activists doesn't resemble the one I grew up in
Its great to see you on the Ellen Show FINALLY!!!!!
#ChiTown playlist in full effect...., Do-or-Die, , Johnny P, , , !
So, I guess that makes #KidRock a complete pussy.
I think the guy from McKinsey is pointing to the other place #bigdata money is going...
Perfect backdrop for Iron Range Earth Fest: Taconite Ridge wind turbines!
I feel sorry for Michelle. She's been subjected to a Spike lovefest, & I have no idea if she's a Buffy fan :)
vh1 love &Hip hop Miami reality show has been shooting down here this week and weekend shit has been so crazy plus fashion week.
RT if you think Victorious wouldn't be the same without Ariana!
DA BURGH GOT FRESH NEW TALENT ALL OVER THE CITY WHO WILL BE THE NEXT 2 SHINE
*blink* What? Harvard's out of the tourney already?
It's so great having the NHL back
HE'S GONNA.... HE'S GONNA... HE'S GONNA PUKE! HE'S GONNA PUKE! HAHAHAHAHAHAAH!
Late night over here, but sometimes you just do what it takes, right? Good night y'all!
Listening to Kevin Hart, Katt Williams, and Aries Spears on Pandora <3
Thanks for the RT!!
Walkman! Sony plans to reduce its work force by an estimated 10,000 jobs, as part of new Chief Executive Kazuo Hirai's restructuring plan.
cheating is what I mean
back in a few weeks, how's the start up?
Tom Thibodeau deserves coach of the year. Hes the best coach I've seen. Doesn't ride or die with one player. He won them the game
So happy HOMELAND won last night!
I swear u a hater lol RT : Can't wait till the Lakers get that official L tonight!
A3. It's all about collaboration and community
On 2nd thoughts, I may just wear what I already got and remix it lol IDK though
Kiss Me Like you miss me , fuck Me Like you hate me
Just keep hearing things, sounding like warning signs....
Today is a month on the road, church potluck, bonfire in the middle of nowhere, & the first blue huddle of mountains to our left, southw ...
yes Jana yes it is.
Sick sick sick of David Freese
maybe, my wife critiques the cards and analyzes why I bought it. Or is it me that does that? Anyway ... Hope all is good
Never lost the hunger or got lazy when it comes to the lyrics. Check out my tracks
Thank you to everyone who participated in the great openLAB_04 event this evening. Major fun.
#CHILD SHOT - 4-year old child was brought to Parish Hospital this morning suffering from a gunshot wound. The child is critical
Can the beach get warmer and sunny so I can come to socal and shoot already. Geez
Congrats to November's Darlin of the Month Dee and Sweetie of the Month Little DeAnna
text me :(
hahaha ok I'll give you that one. But it would've been a stupid comeback haha
Don't be a follower, be a student & put the lessons into play that'll benefit you.
Me ad My Car: A 48-year love affair with his secondhand Chevy
Working...working...working...
RT Resist the devil and he will flee from you - James 4:7
me either! Wish I didn't procrastinate so bad.
it's definitely my most bold prediction so far.
Thank you for sharing! See you at #marchforbabies305!
I kind of want to spend the evening in bed with these mini mint chocolate chip ice cream sandwiches.
My suite at the Wynn is unfucking believable. Two bathrooms, walk-in closet, a bed...I'm moving to Vegas and changing my name to John.
Happy MON Friends! We've got some great news about 2morrow, #TaxDay! If u buy a Big Mac or Quarter Pounder w/ Cheese u get 1 more for 1¢!
Friday Humor: "Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else." - Ogden Nash
buy me something <3
Thank you so much :]
"resource nationalism" term spotted in wsj article about mining rights in Pakistan. Countries need to possess these rights in perpetuity
Thanks guys!
I have them on DVD. You can watch them on YouTube, Dramafever and many other websites. If you ever need a link you can ask me
Hey now... If you don't want your vacation to an awkward Chi town suburb, I'd be happy to take it off your hands for you.
Nice to see standing ovation for Christopher Plummer and his Oscar
Love how Bob Ryan says UK is scared to play IU in Rupp next yr. Lol, yeah just like we were scared of UNC IN RUPP LAST YEAR?!?!
Lotta good people doin things tonight! Good friend and good dj spinning records, and sellin shwag!
I stopped trying 2 weeks ago...
Love how people just started tweeting #prayforlewismighty lol, just cause Niall tweeted it... Smh
one course down. now just wonderful grad final projects to read!
Not funny! RT : Greg Oden already down w knee injury.
What do I love about an on-the-go & make things happen Saturday? EVERYTHING - I say, go & get 'em!!! :-)
Much better
I didn't know there were two 6ams in the day.
thank YOU for the love
Boo, Brontes, Boo.
Let's go Michigan!!!!
Vans full of cops and empty jail buses heading toward waterfront where protesters are.
#LeesvilleMemories I used to call jit all the time and he didn't know what I was talking about
We are back from maintenance!
RT if you followed for a Followback!
Life in the cloud, bud. Sorry I'll miss your victory lap. Let's see if we can hook up after CO.
WOW for a Friday today has been Crazy.. But God is in control.. Thank God for that..
thanks for the follow and support Stephanie keep cheering for your chi favs
In Fresno, playing tonight at the Brick for the Jazz Fresno, show at 7 pm
Yo is one of the most slept on MCs in the CHI!!! Dude puts in work!
to request Far From Ready on the radio, hit up .
I can't sing - although I wish that i could - so I sing in my books...like Aretha and Chaka and Etta...
Got to see some of my favorite ppl tonight !
Huummm,, here is Cake # 4 Premium Chocolate Mousse trio cake -with milk, white and dark chocolate mousse on layers of devils food cake,,!!
teenagers are so misunderstood. we get treated like children and are expected to act like adults.
Working on my business...and creating better health.
haha honestly I used to hate but know I don't I like sing it an person of interest
oh I should have tagged that #nnlm ;)
I got it tx! Away this weekend. Limited connectivity
That's cool, main.
All this week finna be decent af.!
sending some good thoughts your way. Hope all is well.
trying to figure out why love honor betray (that trashy book advertised on the subway) is in the middle of the black history month section..
Want to take control of your personal finances? Join on Thursday at 10:30am at SMGW's NW Office for a free workshop, "Meet the Banker."
Melody Moezzi writes a captivating article for Huffington Post.
Anyone use Apple's iCloud service? Reliable? Enough control? Maybe an FTP workflow is better for syncing folders on home/work computers?
I'm going to Atlanta. Be jealous.
holy crap!!!!! What ball do you use? I average about 185-190... I'm a junior in high school
I know, in the end I just said "my oatmeal is good enough... thanks." but it gave me some good ideas for said oatmeal.
"It wasn't logic, it was love." Watching Sex And The City :)
Zumba, workout, yoga :)
**Stop bullying *** Fu*k H8 and No H8 bullying hurts you... sticks and stones may break my words but word with never hurt me..... They do!
Or are we dancer? RT “: prehuman”
Thanks for speaking with us! RT : I'm talking about the #911trial today on PRI's From
too me it seem like all the good ppl die and the evil asses stay kickin the longest
there are some ghetto Idol contests.. they will beat u down SMH
I guarantee MCA's face is the first thing you think of when you hear "Beastie Boyz". Its over.
Just filmed a sketch on The Conan O'Brien show!
Didn't your mother ever teach you not to stare
Again: why the fuck is "Heat" always in all caps? (HEAT) Any Miami fans or beatwriters want to enlighten me?
you gonna take them to the casino?
A marching band w/ drums and a tuba has come to the door soliciting money for... I don't know. I can't hear anything over the Sousa
Third pool game at AAU Nationals: Houston Hoops 62, Memphis Magic 56
My backyard is so blown up. Major work ahead. Eh, at least I have a yard to repair! All good.
I hate waking up to birds chirping.
ha!! not if you cant see or dont wanna smell like a lane marker!!
Thanks to my 1000th follower on Twitter! Hope you have a great day!
Feeling better. Thank you, Howard Webb.
Ga Dep of Juvenile Justice reports that for Atlanta's Fulton County, African-American youth made up over 93% of intake for criminal offenses
Need People to Play in Denver Area Fantasy Football League. Draft will be this Sat. or Sun. Fee is Low. Please send direct message to play
Nice! Wish I could have joined y'all in those scenes.
Got an EVO 4g, fyi. I love it. Got it from a friend for a good price. And I play that flick kick football game now.
Typically, bicycle-riding, black suit-wearing, backpack-toting young white men are not after caffeine or tobacco.
Very honored that a colleague was excited about my dissertation and was asking me advice earlier tonight.
I'm looking at some of this rough-cut footage, and I have to say, I think this one's gonna knock their socks off!
When employees request leave, listen for requests that would meet the FMLA criteria. Contact HR when hearing these requests
And Mrs Parris could you bring us some ice gonna need to buy a new bottle of scotch
Nevele Grande Hotel and Country Club Purchase Finalized - MarketWatch (press release)
ppl said we wuld have a black president "when pigs fly" sure enough 100 days into Obama's presidency, swine flu!
I'm awesome
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Carrot Ginger and Broccolini. Sugar Free Lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
Well, welcome!
Tonight's agenda: prepping students for their upcoming auditions at the federated festival on March 17.
Ending TODAY!Visit us online during #nurseappreciationweek for 20% OFF Top lines!
CAN NOT WAIT for #Believe and your Christmas album! Its weird thinking you'll have new music soon! But I'm sure it'll great!
Using my og droid atm since my service got cut off cuz I'm broke and poor.
LUPE Fiasco the way I see u is like a guy who I look up to : ) keep that up and I will never stop being you fan : )
I love my boyfriend.
Topic 3 - We really like the No Biggie Bunch series too!
Wow, the Burbank airport is infinitely better than LAX. Checked in, got a boarding pass, checked a bag, and got through security in 15 mins.
OK my man, enjoyed our discussion! I'm definitely a fan of fiber optics, that and the future
Check out my beautiful arrangements of candy flowers!!
I've become the official runner for
What she said..
Next year I will be at #Coachella even if it kills me dammit.
May your day be filled with margaritas and guacamole. :)
yeah just fine just not a lot to say after BB season and just waiting 4 BBmadness! 166 days to go! Lol ! How r u!
Seek UNTIL U SEE IT GOLDEN.. The journey is in your hands.. The power in learning to Listen and Move Forward..
Miami is a great vacation destination. Pamper yourself with a massage experience while you are visiting Miami!
your website is SO clean!
Had to fill my prescription for Plavix today, ($43.00 WITH Insurance!) but my pharmacy gets the first batch of Generic on Friday!
but what about all top battlers also and me of course?
I really wish I was responsible for this, I love it so.
How fast did you drive her?
on!"I believe the keys to an authentic life are hope, humility, forgiveness,& gratitude" Author Nancy Kay
haha oh no! What was I doing in your dream? Wearing a robe covered in ribbons and spraying champagne?!
Murat, thank you, appreciating your tweeting as well...
Great to meet you tonight Nick! Let's get coffee soon.
Happy Birthday to Thelonius Monk!
happy birthday to have a great day you deserve it :-)
amen. the only time you should live with yo' parents is when you are in utero.
Leading a couples workshop right!!! Come to the next one March, 24!!! Familyandlifesolutions.com
We love Sony Wonder Technology Lab in NYC. Admission is free and exhibits include movie and music creation, robot station and nanotechnology
. What? And give up CLI goodness?! I currently use GitX when I feel a need to succumb to the gui & admit defeat
What the hell did I do??
Glad to see you're back at "work"
oh no! Get your butt back here!
all about efficiency. Im told it makes the body scan faster and more impressive
You got it to recognize your phone?
Awesome post! I completely agree that food blogging is getting really repetitive and redundant. Great job! :)
So much great morning tunage...
Is it okay for me to take advantage of your low self-esteem for my own sexual gratification? I promise I'll wear a tie.
History RT : what is your specialty?
What's on your mind?
You were totally right!! ;)
Yup. We're going to add a note on that.
2nd Annual Ad Club Bowling Happy Hour @ Star Lanes on the Levee, January 18 from 6-9pm, Come out and show us what you got!
happy 10th bday ! thank you for being an awesome sponsor and friend to the cmc!
CAN'T WAIT.
Wow, thanks Rita! We love to serve our clients. Btw, follow us on for server status updates.
"are on" not "our on" whoops! Great, Ill be sure to spread the word to our renters!
Look like Italian, I am in for Dooks, so is Usher. U need to get a hold of Gooser
captive market, also bullshit perk structures
Long songwriting session after work today. Trying to shoot for crappy musical gold
Of course the SKC rain jacket I purchased is sold out...but of course it doesn't show up as sold out online and nobody contacted me.
I think I might have to switch back to a written calendar....Hm.
Kickboxing to the yeah baby!
I guess what I'm saying is do what you have to do to make your mother proud. Steal cigarettes. Forward tweets. Poke a bear.
Lol passing notes in class was the texting of the~
they'll eventually just hand over to Whole Foods or something, because they can't pay the upkeep. The original purchase price
i dont look like my age but im nine
Omg that was so funny!!!!
well madrid has more cups & clasicos won!
Follow my new page now and unfollow this one!!
Why is not answering me
Intellectual Property protection is the only remaining advantage of western culture. Fix SOPA; don't scrap it.~D
Hey I got your wristband!!!! here we come!!!!!!
I'm sitting on a couch with 3 other real people talking real talk
#aintthatit “ “ IM BOUT TO SMOKE, FUCK YOU....””
Education isthe most powerful weapon, which you can use to change the world. - Nelson Mandela
I dont know what to do :/
#YOFIA yupp, we're gonna take the trends again.
Loving this refreshing rain right now
Got back to ORD last night from #Oberstaufen via ZRH and YYZ. ~50 movies to choose from. Enjoyed Amreeka, Extract, No Country 4 Old Men.
April 14th is less than a month away. Who's ready for the ? I know we are. If you haven't signed up yet let's do that today.
Elon Musk founder of PayPal talks about the future of human space flight at the National Press Club.
I thought was great last night! The #HolyLand story is so provocative.
Nothing like watching vacuum infomercials at 7:30 in the morning. Do you think it can clean up a hangover?
very well said! HNY
Me but it'll be even better if you did!!! :-) oh I didnt mean to be a nerd but its learning so Id do it lol..
Thank you :) RT“: you girls look pretty :)”
C'mon Columbus. The job market here can't be THAT slow right now. Can it?
And the Heat win good game
THAT is the most badass poster ever.
HAPPY FRIDAY to all of you Rawk Stars! What's in store for your rawsome weekend?
Golden Eye 007 > RT Max Payne was the livest shooting game period
But, that means I've been pregnant for like forevah.
just curious, who is your hero(s)?
Love that city. Almost as much as I love Toronto.
What if Siri and HAL got married?
How have you been Sis?
Right there with you...but guess we have to make the most of it. Have a Great day! (:
hey remember when Dysterya told everyone she was the bloodT of the unicorn basically clocking everyone with the teapot
happy friday! are you wearing your cat-eye sunnies this wknd? round lenses are also hot shapes this season!
haha aw thank you :)
Today is considerably nicer than it was yesterday. Even if there's more storms coming tomorrow, I'll gladly take a respite today!
When you realize im better then yo man
my 🐗🐔dip turned out good😌😜
Levels in reverse!
And a Happy April Fools to everyone! We've been looking at googlemaps in 8-bit and WestJet's kid-free cabins here. Any favourites so far?
#ndpl 'avoid a monopoly on eBook distribution. we want to buy and lend new books' -peter brantley
I have to go to bed already I think. I have to wake up at 2:45 tom morn. Or is it better just to stay up.
wht could cause me to gt hives as soon as it becomes spring in #stl? w the internet ive concluded im either a horse or allergic to march 17.
Turn our dreams into Reality, that's why these crap ass niggas mad at me
today seems like another boring day. :-(
I can be so into someone. Then one stupid move will turn me off for good smh
Chris Dede: model for scale in education is not adoption but adaptation.
Hope you feel better babe.
I don't know the key to success but the key to failure is to try to please everyone.~Bill William Henry Cosby
Yes. Without a doubt, yes.
Tired as fuck. Man fuck the STAAR test we took today. 
Hey thanks for the RT - Happy Labor Day Weekend!
No, my window of opportunity has closed. RT “: are you interviewing?”
done! Can I get a RT for support/fundraising?
Calder Quartet have totally converted me to Polygamy as a concept
twitter is becoming just as addictive as facebook used too..
It's like the butterfly sensing another butterfly, but seeing a caterpillar.
6th Thursday of Lent
or at least a picture of a dragon... ;)
You got it brother!
#thingsmlkwouldntapproveof all the drako Malfoy looking flannel shirt wearing white kids stealing the black mans swag
Maui Academy of Performing Arts will perform tonight at 6:30 p.m. They will do a Fash Mob performance. Very talented group!
Getting it in wit B n knockout king for B's Bday luv yall n miss B too smooch MAMI <3! AH GOO-NIGHT !
you've judged my hair and my drink this week...
Wow, #Oscar's not shy for Hugo.
I think we can credit the fox noisemachine with a lot of how the media discussion has been driven there
we missed each other by about 12 hours.
girl I'm sure I will find happiness w/ a man but right now I'm def not looking
I am. I will. I've got to win. I'm still looking around my competition.
Japan scores to go ahead 2-1 against Sweden in the 59th minute.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :)
Luckily! And he was nice enough to give me my car back without the $200 towing fine!
Mark your calendars for the NIQUEA.D Spring Soiree trunk show at Friday, May 4th 5-8 PM.
We all strive to be more like Jesus, but then why do see people walking around in a different mindset?
then you're**
you better play "Be Mine"!
When my mom leaves for PR it will be great because I will be able to enjoy the luxury of being alone :)
Plethora of #equality RTs = my disappointment abt #same-sex #marriage constitutional ban passing in #NorthCarolina. Did i wake up in 2004?
lol ikr i played reciever linebacker and outfield for 5 years but im clumsy as mess :O
Hey it was totally worth not letting you buy me and her drinks :D Hope you & had a great time!
[Fill in the Blank] Mama Pita pita wraps are so good they make me want to: ______________________.
#PSA Deodorant is a must
Finally! The sun is here! Come celebrate its long awaited arrival on our patio!
Love the weekends when I have people to hang out with all day.
Siri has already given me so much happiness.
Now i know how austin felt in that ustream he did a couple weeks ago where he was really sad. /:
Oh. My. Gawd! LUV TRESPASSING! How great is this album? ! Shady and Kickin' In are the holy grail of Funkilicious! Funky Yummy!
god.. now I'm going to just start laughing my ass off when I meet him picturing this convo
Love it! I can't wait for my Girl Scout cookie orders to start rolling in.
We love animals - we can make their medication into a treat that they will enjoy. Don't make them take pills if they don't have to!
kant wait till saturday!!! ima go to Elitchesz with some of the homiesz and ima get my season pass!!! cant wait!!!
I was also at a point when I refused to buy bigger sizes before I found #HCG. I'm glad we don't have that problem any more!
Starting to come alive. Bound and determined to make this the Best. Monday. Ever!
Thanks to you can buy tickets for this Sat. for $9.19! Get your tickets online & enter "ilovewnrn" as promo code.
yeah :C
I've got big plans this weekend! Going to the Capital! Tried to think of a Hunger Games joke to go here but nothing is coming to me :(
HAHAHA! that's embarrassing, good thing it was all you! :p
sorry, I see no good reason for the php scope resolution operator to be officially called paamayim nekudotayim. seriously?
#ThatOnePersonWho Always tops your story.
Next week I'm at Stetson University in DeLand, FL. Panel discussion is on the Confederate flag debate.
is watering the grass with his sweat.
Yep. Big data. Cloud. Social media. Mobility. No new news here.
Thank you :D
Mr. Inumerable is subbing since Coach Blas is MIA for Newspaper! 😁
No hate man. Just encouragement. We all start somewhere to get to our goals.
KFYR-TV Makes the Conversion to HD - KFYR-TV
Had a great time watching the #Oscars last night! The stars looked stunning on the red carpet!
Wants a candy bar. BADLY. chocoholic.....
your so fucking welcome :)
#bizforum Response time PLUS quality of response is important. Have to balance both.
yo what we gone do about this project ?
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:(13
Can it be time for already? Cause' I seriously cannot wait. It's one of the highlights to every summer!
thanks for the follow !!!!
So I got like no sleep. Today should be lovely.
We see an occasional Brown Headed Cowbird at our feeders. They never make their own nests and use nests of more than 220 bird species!
I'll play you in Drawthing!
#STL #ORD #PDX #SLC #IAD ...looks like its gonna be "A" fun next few weeks!
same!!! : Absolutely fabulous to see you tonight.
#Whydoialways stay up so late.
Next! RT House backer withdraws Web anti-piracy bill reut.rs/yODO3e via
never too late to start good habits ;-)
thanks for the #FF shoutout! Hope are having a #FabFriday too
my education comes first , lol remember that .
i'm stuck waiting for an upload to finish, gonna be showing up a few minutes late... grr
I JUST MADE YOU THE DOPEST THING!! I HOPE YOU LOVE IT!! HAPPY EASTER!!
Marrekesh is a zoo! Eating in the food stalls at Djamaa el Fna was fun, but getting back was quite an adventure. A little scary at night...
That awkward moment whem an adult is trying to be funny and u have to fake laught just to be polite -.-
I miss you come back Columbia,MO Encore Encore Encore!!!!!!
it's actually a score of Two Pages with a calendar and two accordionists overlaid.
1h till I'll take my plane and fly to NY. :D can't wait.
Early morning flight to Phoenix
What if you lost your memory from the past four years.
Something smells like kettle corn. If it's not kettle corn, I'll be a little grossed out.
your cover of Neil Young's "Heart of Gold" makes us tingly all over.
Thanks You and your team at #GRAEF made it all possible.
Thanks for the follow ! Enjoyed your preso yesterday.
Cocktails were stellar by Albert but ginger-apple #mocktail I will dream of!
Aladdin never gets old. I love this movie!
I wish I had some stacks. I'd buy and reopen Rico's and make that like American Ribera.
and , what are the realistic chances that Rod Smith gets in the Pro Football HoF?
10pm Ben n jerry's run...
good for you. Read your
Rafael's slinging them until 10pm followed by our girl, Nikki. Challenge them to bar dice. I dare you!
for my speech I'm going to thank Nate 4 all he does 4 distance athletes @ Dimond. So I'm giving him a present. A puppy!
Alicia has one Up on Jackie. Just sign the house over to the kids n stop meddling.
night friend!
Thanks for the tips. I'm not as pissed off today...
I'd never watched before last night.
There were some things I thought interesting (figures and trends since 1940s) and some that bored me, but overall, a good piece!
Sup twitter ?
You're welcome! Have a good day!
dirt cheap, comerica
Today is my 15th day on this job and I haven't had a major falling out with a single coworkers Maybe I'm finally maturing...
Check the group email. There's contests happening.
Thanks so much! You know I think I knew that somewhere in the back of my mind... :) We should meet for lunch sometime!
Mention this ad & receive a free travel blanket for dog w/ any $100+ purchase.Spend $50+ & receive free Skooperbox.Very limited quantities!
The long Wong's show is almost here, take the Light Rail to the show and enjoy some great live music!
Massachusetts Law Prohibits Discrimination On the Basis of Gender Identity & Gender Expression - Is your workplace prepared?...
RT : Is 'demon monkey' better than 'imp'?
hit me up when you get a chance.
I'm going back to Cheswick, buying it for $1.25, and setting it on your doorstep.
9 point plan being released tomorrow look for education and public safety as well as pension plan. Pension plan on www.withwarren.com
. quoting : "it's not often that you have 10 months to change the world."
In case ya didn't notice, I am an atheist. Freedom of religion does not mean YOU get to make choices for me. Goodbye.
"Be the teammate you would want to play with." -Coach Calipari. Could this be the golden rule of basketball?
lol i was like why does he keep tweeting the same thing
Me too. I would def like to have at UK for 8-10 yrs.
Brains on the beach-
fair enough! Yeah that isn't too bad at all, it's around that temp here today.
That's sick.
You're welcome, brother! Good luck!
Glasses for the week got an eye infection from prom
You are very kind. Do stay in touch!
Even though I do not like to read long books, there is a ton of books that I would love to read someday.
the rich do not take care of me my family and I struggled to get where we are
OC can suck it
Think imma ride up to the lake sit on the rock & just think.
if a Microsoft programmer molested a kid, should they not be able to sell Windows or make any programs for 10yrs. ?
I just got to meet and found out she has a son named "Goop".
Have been having a great weekend at my friends place. Relaxing with the doggies here. :)
that's good , hows perry
Crazy! What is it? Should I expect it on soon or client work?
birthday happy
wishing I was in that circle
Meeting with Captain America tonight for sushi and to talk about our new album! Keep your eyes peeled!
The french press is a tremendous device.
Thanks and for coming out to EWU and speaking to our VCD Program about The 6 Traits of Effective Business Websites.
Hi Welcome back to twitterville.
Happy Easter to all, and to all a good night!
Death Star, Chem Dawg 4, and Sour D in-stock and tasty.
Happy Thursday everyone, its a lovely day in the city!
Thanks to all our new followers and to for making it happen. ;)
oh there are so many things to know haha
I disagree w employers req access to #facebook, educators should use discretion in either their postings or friends list...
#ThatAwkwardMoment when ur mouth is open and u realize you've been crop dusted lmbo
I still can't believe you got kicked out yesterday.. You were so scared!
if nfl had a 4 team playoff, eli would be ringless .... just an ordinary qb
Mwaha let the social life begin
C'mon I'm tryna see some crazy shit
Don't get caught with your roof down. Look before you leak!
No luck, but didn't go through every page yet. Gah! I want it!!! lol
Happy Halloween Everyone ,! <3
Toast New Years with chocolate: Champagne Truffles
Standing water on freeway at 60th literally cannot see anything.
No man to break through to the rooftop No man to hold down the door No man to hold on to the children As the water rose up through the floor
Hot then cold
What's not to like about ?
what if I'm the one who's over her house when your not! Theres a lot she doesn't tell you Jackie ;)
First day of spring!
It's a wrap! Cellophane Dragon Lady shoot is done done done! Can't wait to share the finished images! So sparkly <3
All of us ICONiacz got our backs!If the Cops didnt come thru all of da ICONiaz would be there to fuck dat bitch up,whos w/ me?
"Yo Usher" "JB, Whatsup man?" "Just playing video games with Ryan" "Think you can hold the house up till I get back?" "Yeah, I can do that."
its okay!
I only just now discovered the show "Up All Night!" I haven't laughed that hard since Seinfeld and Friends.....
I think I'm too late for that. Mimi's it is!
yea how u kno?
Let us know if you spot any Baylor Bears Gear!!! (Yes, our owner is a Baylor Bear Sic'em Bears!)
That breakfast sandwich and huge "Latte" were a big mistake. I can already feel myself getting sick.
I have to admit, its weird. I dont exactly miss you, but I do miss talking the way we used to. Back when no topic went unspoken of.
okay bye
Some students love being observed and some don't. I know everyone is different, but I wonder what makes people more or less open.
New Toronto, Brooklyn, Chi-Town, H-town, LA & Florida custom New Era Fitteds www.KINGOFFITTEDS.com
bolding 5star electric shaver then blind out. Tap glide with grain of hair the blend with andie master
Choose life today. Stop smoking.
“: Nothing and no one, no matter how glorious, will ever satisfy a heart designed for God.”
Landed in Miami... Next stop FORT MYERS! Only three more hours!
sorry sir Joseph I'll go to bed
I wish I could see the hunger games at the midnight premiere!!
Per SI's Peter King: The #Titans will exit September with zero kickoff returns and 11 touchbacks.
beyond excited about beginning filming The Dark One tomorrow. Three intense days of filming in my home county... small town friendly.
but I've already seen it!
Thanks for coming! Great having you! Can't wait to collaborate.
Did Iguodala really do the Mike Jordan and jump on scorers table after a BS 1st round win?
Erica perry! Welcome to dagnomusic!
Speaking of... any advance on lyric suggestions?
Thanks for the feature!
Fort Lauderdale Airport, MIami Airport , Palm Beach Airport ? Try Transportation100 (561) 212-1236
high heels are definitely on the list.
Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does
your tweet gives me pause.
Definitely enjoyed the perspectives about facebook web archiving and twitter accounts for archives! I'm going to go do it!
No longer fixated on inflated goals/nonsense milestones. My writing is flowing naturally and the lower my score the more work I do!
Mcgahee gets the First yard, Broncos got the Ball at the Patriots 41.
Kadee calls double knots super knots haha adorable
Now matter how strong a girl is, she has a weak point and sometimes all she needs is a hug and someone to tell her it's alright.
Thanks for the follow:
My Birkenstocks hit the broken bit just wrong - they were my first option. I basically want Chaco sandals in, like, boot form
We love making someone's day! Wahoo! RT : made me so, so happy. Perfect day!
can i get a shout And a follow
I'm great. I will follow.
thts good. They all do tht. Ur nephews over here be fightin each other. Smh
Oh come on! LOL!
ah im sorry im still working on it :( busy busy bee. promise itll be done soon! don't worry im not forgetting (:
all is well dear. Everything is going great. How is the play coming along ?
With the corporate softball team in 17-A
Getting the site up and running - Stay tuned!
sometimes for whats right you need to hold back and attack at the right time not when other people think its right for them.
What? There haven't been any NBA games this year? Hadn't even noticed.
What are you doing...Where are you .... please come back to me soon! I need you over the summer to keep me sane!
make extra sure to get contracts!
GAGA MISS U
Some people think they are hot shit when they are really just cold diarrhea lol
Work to become, not to acquire. - Elbert Hubbard
check southwest
Lots to do before NYC. Ready as ever to get there!
I am intrigued. Stopped grading AP prompts (still comment, "score") but have kids do reflect paper. ALL of us happier, growing.
LOL ima puke whats in my stomach put it in a plastic container and ship it to you via UPS how bought that conio !
!!MAYBE THE ONE THT U WNT TO BE THE RIGHT ONE IS NT THE RIGHT ONE IS THE PERSON THT U WNT GVE THE TME OF THE DAII!!:-)
Today's writing tip: Cleaning your house declutters the mind.
Why she crying seriously yo she a bitch lol
I keep working with a student who's name is close enough to Jean-Ralphio that I can't stop laughing to myself every time I see his name.
Season finale of Once Upon A Time !!
He's doing it again! #hostileworkplace RT Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came"
totally understand -retweeting IS double edge sword, while it reaches those who might not have seen, it annoys those who have!
Labor day is right around the corner!! Got to love those long weekends!Check out your local dealership this weekend for deals that end 9/6!
FL SB 1312 calling 4 guidelines 4 mgmt of food allergies in FL schools passed the Senate. Waiting 4 House vote 2day or 2morrow.
BTW the return of DAVID WALLACE to #theoffice (which may autocorrect I just discovered to throbbing- watch out) has me looking fwd to show
I just want to sit at home and watch Beavis and Butthead and Daria.
New and dropping today! Stay tuned!
Overheard @ thrift store. "going for a sexy urban cowgirl look. My friend is getting married on the playa, going to be magical."
Amusing mult choice answer: "The peaceful outcome of the 2000 Presidential election in the US validated the strength of the US Constitution"
Reason #3 that CIS works: CIS is #costeffective. The average cost of CIS is approximately $200 per student served. Wow.
if only!!! What a wonderful world it would be! TheBoxingCoach: Does New Years Eve really happen like in the movies?
;) thanks RT : Great meeting and hanging with , , & . Everyone looking fly.
#legalchat everyone is talking about "marketing" on line and creating online presence, but what do you specifically mean?
I'm truly #ForeverAlone 😔
And i lost my job recently but a few days later i got another one! So i already have money saved for la from gambling. Its in my bakpak!
Why the heck can't I be sitting in the Opera show getting everything "SHE" likes I want an iPad,ugg,boots,coach bag!!! Those r my fav too
The Boardwalk. And it's free!
#IAlwaysWonderIf I annoy you when I talk to you.
im awesome, you?
#DontGo in the street or you could be subject to arrest since the street will not be closed
happy birthday
Bro, just swing your arm before you cross the line and there's your sack
maybe...aint seen him ina min. bt where are his tats??
. Megan Draper would fit in a lot better on "Girls"
I didn’t believe a word of it because I didn’t place any value on college degrees—the fact that I had one proved how much they were worth.
what paper?!?!?
- that's CRAZY talk! I am laughing out loud
yep! Was a blast, perfect day to dance through Seattle
Does your social media campaign really work & actually bring you sales? If you want more, click here for this free report...
yeahh:) 15! i have same birthday as alli simpson and kelly clarkson! but it never feels like my bday anymore:(
We are!
recording a new puffiny song we wrote tonight...will post the demo soon!
Jose Rivera unscrewed my head and reattached it sideways tonight. Thanks for bold, NY theatre!
And I'm supposed to have crazy appetites and weight gain but I can't eat! Thought of eating is gross and disturbing! Full & almost nauseated
A Marlins home game is like going to the Carnival.
Thanks so much for RT on Free dining at Disney!! Have a magical day!
#ItMakesMeHappyWhen people suggest ideas of new places they would like to find Epic Cookies. I am listening!
Sang at the #Bluebird Cafe tonight!! Veryy fun:))
New review coming soon!! Who's ready for some new music?!
oh I own it. And now I'm onto "Tiny Vessels." I usually start feeling too sappy during "We Looked Like Giants"
Ratings are up, attendance is up, interest is up at the US Open....Is tennis back on the rise in the U.S? We'll see...
I'd rather expand on Jill Zarin "Good or bad, I know who I am, and I own it. And I'm bad! I'm a piece of shit!"
When direct access becomes the ONLY acceptable option, and we do what it takes to own it fully, our profession will have arrived
girl you need to suck it up!!!
Happy Mother's Day for all blessed mothers around the world. Wish you Healthy,wisdom,longevity. :*
RT Now this is the type of weather I've been looking for! Sunny and lovely in NYC!!
Reminds us, Kasabian at is our Show of the Night! RT : Really stoked for Kasabian. Been waiting years for this
Im craving flintstone vitamins. I wish they were snackable without the whole death thing.
She was also a terrific player in her day, but should have stopped there. Does not make a good tv reporter.
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results. ~ W. Churchill”
In press conference on budget signing, Gov. Gregoire says there is no way that the state can fund education without more revenue.
I suppose it is copyright infringement. But I'm just giddy that grooveshark felt my music was worthy of copyright infringement!
Thanks man. We strive for 1st place every time. Building our clients all across the nation. Thanks for your support.
RT : #youmightbeanautismparentif your child has taught you more about love life and what truly matters, than the other way around
I hate getting out of my bed.
The fact that half our hotel rushed to 's side when someone picked a fight with him last night
#Night everyone
when and where I wanna wrestle with ya/help you with some stuff
#dudeboobs ? is in! RT : will you sign my boobs tonight
Sent out a mass text on my phone saying "I've lost my phone, can you please call it?" I got 10 missed calls..I need smarter friends
A man that is driving out of his lane in life(his calling)will surely crash. Make sure that your doing what God told "U" 2 do!
Delta airlines really needs to look at their service levels in BTR. And, the high # of flights cancelled & delayed.
They Tryed Hacking Us HAHAHAHAHA . Were Back @ It .. Bigger And Better ! You Can Not Stop The Best ....
I don't like either team but I just hope its a good game
Happy Friday!! Make sure to get out there and enjoy those last days of playing in the snow here in Colorado...
bro I sent you my cell number.
Just caught myself watching the show Castle, which is terrible by the way. I got sucked in by Dancing With The Stars. Well done, ABC.
Charles E. Jefferson~ Gratitude is born in hearts that take time to count up past mercies.
Oh my gosh. I love this class!
Hi. Is there an e-mail address where I can reach staff/admin? Thank you
just fell going up the stairs again, omg
Last week of middle school, legggggo.
haha just saw your email
Thanks for the follow!
Im gonna need the lakers to work this out in the 2nd half
follow back please... thank you,,,
they both are working
this shit jus made my week! My nigga came to see me. !
No I haven't. Why do you ask?
I look forward to seeing your tweets as well! :)
jairus parting ways with alessa. new drummer getting ready to go! thank u for your efforts to help alessa is red jairus! :)
When people sing #BOYFRIEND in the hallway >
congrats on Egypt!
I found that Michael Jordan movie/documentary..want me to send it? It may take some of this games pain away! Lol!
Life is like a box of crayons. Most people are the 8-color boxes, but what you're really looking for are the 64-color boxes...
The Gross Clinic is a regional gem
How come the most beautiful girls have the lowest self-esteem?
has been saying this for years. Access to libraries and books are crucial for language acquisition
your music is AMAZING :)))
Love learning from she is always amazing!! #edjewcon keynote
but knowing the ending beforehand doesn't make for a very exciting game...
Thanks for the listen!
They know who they are :)
Is it sad that I want to see Titanic again even though I saw it on Saturday hahah. I'm just so interested in the history of it. I'm a nerd.
I know exactly what you are talking about. Lol. Learn young fella "do as I say" lol. help this dude out!
Hopefully don't have too many leftovers! RT Q: How long can you keep leftovers from a restaurant in the refrigerator? A:...
RT : Skype is the gmail of native apps -- giant, poorly done UI overhauls thrown out randomly for no apparent reason
your fun to play with. But not that fun,)
It was! Chilling watching #Star ..I LOVE their programs:)
steve Walsh Dallas to Nola
I followed back!:)xo
i know I'm late but followed. (:
will miss you at HATSUME this year!
I remember my mother’s prayers and they have always followed me. They have clung to me all my life...Happy Mother's Day!
Nobody interesting to talk to on here right now
my heart deserves more than this.
i'm miley cyrus.
You amaze me! Great working with you again!
Did they pay for you to go to Utah? Does it have DiCaprio? Directed by Tarintino? No, then 3 out of 5.
I've always identified with Gen X
Owning a home is a keystone of wealth.. both financial affluence and emotional security”. –Suze Orman
not very good. Villarreal got relegated today
not too young.
Just saw "reference call" listed on my supervisor's calendar... as in a call from the university I interviewed with asking her about me?!
man i so stale at u for twitting that
Haha... is playing Sharp Dressed Man in her lounge and all I can think about is the opening to Duck Dynasty haha...
Disney World... The happiest place on Earth
In 2 hours it's May. Just let that one sink in for a bit.
I feel you fb
#youcanttrust no one or nothing!!!! Everything is a lie and no one is real!!!!
vaffanculo wear in the works :) you're gonna love our gear!!!!
You need to get right with God. RT : I really want to slap the fuck out of this woman at this bar.
Think fun thoughts, bad opponent plays (which looks like a sure thing at your table), and good results should occur
But there's a larger question of how to appeal to devs who might not be interested in journalism, but in some of our common goals
Hell Yeah. ima take food tomorrow lol or money
Thanks for tweeting that! Funny post, and I'm so glad to have found Marcie's blog. :)
I'll take black, javs will take reg? #ihaddibs !?! I'll look at both, right now I'd say b then reg, could change mind
Less than 48 hours until the Indiana Landmarks Center Wondrous Opening Weekend. Will we see you there?
brought up performance targets. Schnur answers: "Kids need a press from outside the school, benefit from bigger goals."
things are awesome, how are you?!
Barkley on TV: "Even if you're a Cyclops with four eyes, they pass the eye test." Chuck, Cyclopses have one eye.
#crazycollegemoment this yr, walking in on my room mate putting it down and that girl proceeding to ask if i wanna participate in a 3some...
Add me on ps3 : suhkcess
that would be awesome! I'll send you my address.
Fat Tuesday today. Come down and get your eat on.
I am thinking about getting a Ford Focus 1.8 TDCi Viva for a new car!
Salmon Fest this weekend! Great events, Awesome food and Cool people!
- are you on Facebook? We need to keep in touch!
Although Hargrove deserves the 8 games for his involvement in the bounty program, suspending only 4 players is a little weird
James to Wade
james said it was on friday
Have faith in yourself and the decision you make for your life...key words its #YourLife so live it how you want to
why are u in nashville?
#HappyBirthdayJudasVideo I remember this time last year staying up until eleven o'clock just to watch this Music Video. Well done
Aight let me know if u decide to go, and when u on ur way
I'm gone start acting the way people act towards me
they are under emo when you look them up so is fall out boy
If you think 2011 was great, Wait until you see what Rocktagon has in store for 2012!! Happy New Year
Btw if u ever go on a date take a bag to cover ur face so ur so called "Date" Wont get blind from ur ugly ass face. Ahh Burn
I did! In related news, I learned that 3 hours of sleep does not work when you're 31.
never loose u!!! Basics Baby! BRING IT HOME!!! Someone needs too......
sure that works. Let's email to finalize when and where
If he learned to defend the Pick & Roll, the Lakers would be far and away a better team. That's a big "if" though
Back from the lake. Awesome time. Great fishing. Think I need a second shower. What did I miss? Get at me.
C minor blues scale <3
jelena is over !!
Very good article on possible formation and combinations for RBs. Enjoyed it.
Hi, I teach the twins tennis in NYC, if u want free lesson as well ur more than welcome! :)
Thanks for the shout-out but I think you mean not ??
I am trying to get a detailed picture of the eastern Mediterranean. From Italy in the north doing a semi-circle to Libya or thereabouts.
WE HAVE A WINNER!
just posted it~~
Good news: Found my old roller blades. Bad news: one's broken, the boot's ripped, and I need new ones.
Everything around us is made up of energy, to attract possitive things in your life, start by giving positive energy!
So true RT : RT I miss Rick Perry. This is like watching an episode of Friends with no Phoebe.
#Gold, #Silver or #Platinum? Which one is ur favorite?
If you don't text me first, there will not be a conversation.
Read a good article about Government employees teleworking; the leadership needs to consistently walk the talk. Trust but verify.
Just talk, don't emotionalize every sentence.
Enforcement of Law Doesn't apply2the very top. 9/11 coincidently gave #Riches & #Immunity while …
Hope u have a wonderful-n safe-weekend bro. I'll hold down the M til u return...well @ least til I leave Tues nite! ~Back to MV!!
hello! My first time joining #ggchat I'm a drummer/songwriter looking for auditions. Please help! Thank you!
Free bottle of Solar Advance Sunscreen face lotion today, printable coupon for upgraded members
Seems like Chris Young and him feed off each other and give each other pointers. But he needs an in your face guy too maybe
it IS a good morning isn't it
Whats a five letter word for "raring to go"?
#JBSOMEDAY I will Meet you and Its going to be the greatest day of my life
no problem... make sure you download a video trimmer along with the app... that way you can cut the part you want.
“: Happy bday joker”Good Look Sis, What U Doing Tonight Bitch!!!
Wow. Somewhat surprising to see Boston's Back Bay store there!
What's your favorite thing about the Internet?
Your welcome!
Got to see the Space Shuttle strapped to the top of a 747 in NY today, but couldn't get a photo. Awesome sight to see though!
launching new site now... tweeting link shortly :)
Thanks, Jenny!
becuz he kept asking me that same damn question "I want some head ' over n over like ugh
what about Spotify?
We'll be playing at the Maison tonight with E. Company! We hit at 10pm and they go on at midnight, come party on frenchmen st!!!
Need help finding an apartment in #NYC ? Feel free to contact me at
I don't, idk where to find that out actually
I forgot how amazing the song Goodbyes was by JamisonParker... Oh my god...
I would like to DM you a question...may I?
locked and loaded ~ ready for anything ~
if you have anything to say to and speak now of forever hold you peace ok!
Mixed emotions ...
Get better! Sad to see you go
That's who I meant. Him and others. :)
Would you rather have the zombie apocalypse or the Skynet (Terminator) apocalypse?
If you find out, please let us know!
Follow we follow back...NO ONE Above the Click!! Loyalty before dishonor!!! B.M.C. We follow back..
That ended before i can press the start button oh well lol Going to the studio!!!!
Customer appreciation day $1 subs!
that's for sure my dude
Specials: Soup: Cream of Broccoli, Pasta: Fettucine with Chicken, Pizza: Pepperoni, Carmalized Onions, Peppers & Mushrooms
#Marissa. Got to get my spelling right.
The kingdom of heaven is like a net which was thrown into the sea and gathered fish of every kind. EARTH
I love you Carolyn Dunn.. Muahh!!
What music do you listen to while you're reading a novel?
MUST☀Follow to // I'm hanging in there sweetie. How are you?
I want food. And some good music.
dope tracks.. This a good thing we got going. Keep up the dopeness
hi, when is your show coming back on???
Hahahahah! Oh my gosh! PERFECT!!
Password changed; good for another 12 hours or so
what if i was calling to offer you a job? but your shitty attitude just took you out the running??? ppl walk around so angry at the world
When I saw u were online I smiled so big!!:) I'm so happy now!! I missed u!!:(
see?! and now you're tired, right?
can't wait for it...love Gus..& ur alright too...lol
Shooting three different commercial concepts today, catalog, billboard, and website....long day ahead.
Great first day at #neara11 met up with some gr8 educators I have not seen since last yr in NOLA!
hola twitter, anyone celebrating rosh hashanah tonight?! i cant wait to celebrate with my family<3i feel like i haven't seen them in so long
RT For Follow Back ;*
disappointing, I can only imagine...
I got my zumba pants on and my jersey on...Go Bills!
College: Trooper confirms call to pick up injured Petrino The state trooper often assigned to protect Arkansas football coach Bobby Petr
I can't wait to color Easter eggs!🐰🌷💗
♫The Seventh Principle of Kwanzaa is Imani (Faith).
Tomorrow is gone be to damn fun...I seat on 3rd row 6th seat on the left side
Which Tweet do we Retweet? All of them?
Happy New Year from the AppkeTekGuru family!!
Nope, no clue.
S/O for keeping the game on, cause I show was gon change the channel lol
I've realized the one #nail different trend works best when the colors are unrelated. What about texture or finish?
star wars blu-ray is worth ever penny song and everything been redone it feels like you are there depending if you have a sound system.
very very jealous (very!) Eat some banana bread pudding and a Po Boy (in that order) for me.
no, is just my BF. but her brewery, #1 in the world,didn't take our wedding plans into consideration, so I miss her
your performance in #SolomonKane was moving-the movie was an excellent choice to kick off #AF2012 Great cape flip!
School tomorrow <
If money make the world go round then pussy should make it jump lmao....
F is for friends who do stuff together, U is for you and me, N is for anywhere at any time at all
On my own I generally have very messy hair, wear jeans and sneakers. Jewel Kilcher
Argh - hope the surgery is nothing serious. Your hands & arms must be OK, at least.
When your #dog is off the leash if he goes ahead, turn and walk in the opposite way he will soon notice and come rushing after you
• follow us b #400 win surprize gift ! we buy gold silver coins articles of value !WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 FREE LAYAWAY!
Swagg is for boys. Class is for men. -Best Facebook status that poped up on my TL.
- Currently Accepting Early Birthday Gifts ! :)
Poinsettias for sale in our gift shop were just marked down! Check out our sale prices by visiting soon, while supplies last!
Congrats to all 6 team members who celebrated their 20th year with EPS this morning! Excellent excuse for a pancake breakfast!
Kate Beckinsale is one classy actress.
There's not too many times where I'm happy on Monday mornings, but this is one of them. (:
omg I'm dying this is so old
what's your email address?
I am typing this from my very first iPhone. My life is forever changed!
Its kinda late tho and plus im in bed already LOL
Ha! Thanks Hon!
When loving people together, the world seems like a fairy tale...
Drano-ing to Sam Cooke.
Who has 2 work EVERYDAY this weekend?? #I do!!!
Its a little late, but thanks for the #FF!!
Happy birthday star!!!:-)
sjcjjwjskxowopad fine :D
I love waking up to as my alarm.(: it starts my day off right. Good morning everyone!
TEXT ME...what's wrong why do u wanna do that??....
Zetas during Charro Days.
Why yes, , I am interested in watching Highlander. Thank you.
Absolutely cannot believe my brother is 19. AND a sophomore in college?!
Tiger and Federer, both left for dead, now resurgent.
i muted you after i verballed you bra
See you at the fair on September 2nd!!
Welcome back to your Tweet Harem! *blows kiss*
Fall seven times, stand up eight. - Proverb
Indeed it would. I meant "vulgar display" in the Pantera sense of the word. Google it. :)
I hope not!! :( That's pretty much the type of job I hope to get post MLIS. :(
Patrick Stump sang, wrote, produced and played every instrument of "Soul Punk". Unbelievable pop album. Check out "Soul Punk"
: Ha! Nope. Shame. A moment for the ages.
Yo #instagram needs to come out for #android already...
muito obrigado for a great success @ Americas Food show
today was just a bad day all over, the heat is to blame on how I feel ugh
Had lunch with an educated, nice, and open-minded Christian and enjoyed his views on same-sex marriage. I'm happy such people exist.
RT : Rick Gilfillan, director of CMS ctr for Innovation, 3-part aim: Better health, better care at better cost
I swear if bell blows this he is legit the worst
The next was about a Box office slump for 2011.... Surprised??? Not!!!!
i felt bad too! i was like no we need the never have i ever reigning champ!
I can sit and be on my phone all day and not get bored
lol yeah true , I'll text him , oh and I'll send you the link on fb btw it's Thursday at 6 :/
I VOTE YES TO ONE UNION!!
yup. Lol but it says to send my insurance info so i think it dose. Lol
had no idea people actually still watched
yes! Beautiful place.
Good night folks.
Oh Whitney Houston... I can't lie. I'm a little disappointed with your exit.
Sunday night, getting ready to hit the weak hard, thats right, all you lazy suckas are not gonna take my coin!!!!! Even you Hawaii 50 Babes
I have someone sending me a hot pink duct tape necklace that is braided with black. It sounds odd, yes, but looks so cool!
~Christmas decorations begin in the Hunter household.. Prepping for baby! We are so in the holiday spirit!
Time to step my game up
Bad Bad Boy's You make me feel so good(Mase )
Woah lol idk what happened if you gave it to me, maybe didn't transfer when I got an iPhone so we'll blame Verizon
“: is my new favorite country artist #voiceofanangel #addicted” well ain't that sweet
Ha! We all do! It's quite a challenge!
So glad to be back on 12th Street Ne. Wish I had left my cold/flu back in Arizona.
lol at me....the on;y one not watching the ustream
EVERYONE! FOLLOW he's amazing<3
I hate loosing followers, its like loosing friends. Ok well not really... But you know what I mean.
While we didn't win (we didn't expect to), I can safely say that I did not embarrass my university at the Gala. This is a step up for me.
I was at American Idol last night sitting behind you and said hi and told you I loved you! Do you remember acknowledging me? Haha.
Have a human tweet your stuff today and tomorrow. Hashtag is
Girls gone wild in this ma fucka
Can't wait for certain ppl to get out the shower #yeaaaahh (trey songz voice)
Thanks for following us on Facebook!
In the Summer I want to teach me how to wake board. (:
You know, I bet it REALLY helps on my applications when I put no educational degree, no work experience, and that I'm 16.
Here's an #FF for you, Maria. You're awesome!!
i always seem to cry when i listen to "all i want is you" by justin. idk why, it just brings back so many memories from december
u r too kind!! I see why jeanne likes u so much :-)
I thought the #Pittsburgh Steelers / Baltimore Ravens rivalry was big... nothin compared to
I really like what you bring to The Voice. I'm glad they brought you on this season! Now get on that stage and SANG!!!!!
no worries! We will seeya next time!
What is this town coming to? Damn.
Dreamworks Megamind screening at Arclight. What a great way to start a Sunday!
Lets try to be logical about this: You have a friend who has a deadly weapon and he's threatening a kid you don't like what do you do?
Actor Michael Madsen arrested after alleged fight with son
Melanie !!! You have my Vote... #IAmSimon #TeamAmaro :)
accidentally threw away KY tax refund check...on hold with department of revenue now....YAY Friday!
thank you for the retweet : )
Have a great weekend !
just make sure to ask for Morgan and our receptionists will take care of everything!
The Hidden Door Theatre is packed to the gills with Dylan fans!
Spinach/artichoke tortellini yesterday, pancakes and bacon this morning, chocolate covered pretzels currently in the freezer. Nom in
Oh is that all it takes! Perfect.
Yep, CNN covers THIS story of course, after not covering his delegate sweeps. Let everyone go back to sleep. He'll get delegates.
I have a friend that goes their every Sunday, she loves it:)
Chiefs are putting in a claim... Bears might get screwed
#saito Not easy to use images for this topic: emptiness. Post-its better than note cards. Good humor.
? I said surf lost to Ill. Arsonal got bodied by hitman. Surf thinks he's top 5 I don't know why.
Please follow me, I keep well, and are followers of Christian, Justin and Cody with more reason! are the best in the world! (:
What does it mean to dream that water is leaking from the roof and down the walls of your home?
granted, that one probably goes to the itunes store vs. data which wouldn't require a signal... but you never know.
Dad ** RT : I hate when my mom lies about shit
i would be delighted
Following People Back..!!!
Better Together♥
Minutes away from playing Gay Straight Bisexual or Tranny on The Zone @ 94.1 for WWE tickets. Tune in sweetums.
Fuck this day
SEXY! RT : Still in my pajamas cuz i don't wanna get dressed lol fuck it. I'll go to the bar like this :)
I wonder if God did tell him to run, why He didn't say he would win.
Just received my yellow pages. Threw it in the trash.
About to kick off the first RCC intro to improv class!
#betfriendbucketlist go To a concert where I don't throw up everywhere lol
Valentines day damn near like another christmas
What the hell... needs to show the match!
It's Tom Cruise as Jon Bon Jovi/Vince Neil/Bret Michaels. It's an apocalypse.
Men are so damn hard to trust...
I'm looking for people who want to cleaning that we junk cleaning up service for people
Give me a month to finish studying this film stuff an find my eye and I promise I am going to be major! Thank God for a Vision!
u as well. going big with can't wait for #camdyshop Tuesday
no ma'am. Single as can bee :))))
": cheer up pretty lady!" I need to see YOU.
White girls, gone wild, but we don't judge em though
Great season keep ur head up lex
About a week in and I'm still enjoying it. If you're around Wifi that much, I'd go for it
Working on C.P.E. Bach this AM. Guy knew how to make the piano rock and roll.
We need a range of housing options.
Got a ride home from ❤ love that bitch 👍👍
Have a good event this weekend?
How does fit your style? Tell us and enter to win VIP seats to Fashion's Night Out in Newport Beach, CA!
any time
Excellent question. I use Twitter as a resource and don't hide it at all. Others... they like to pretend.
Today is our Street Law Fellow 's last day at We are going to miss her!
#LANL official: Las Conchas fire spread to current size overnight; it took Cerro Grande fire two weeks to grow to this size.
|#quotes Anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.
i so hate my life right now
we"ll be watching it when we r married too
yeah dude totally! Hit us up through our Facebook and we can work something out!
log cabin renutlicans can kiss my butt, and I'm officially baptizing romney, santorum & bachmann as GAY!
Man all the bottom of my tummy hurt!.
If you hear a voice within you say you cannot paint, then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced. -Vincent Van Gogh
words to live by for any man.
Starcraft Marine: Go! Go! Go!
I got u let's talk offline when u get a sec
this homeplate ump is killing the rangers this inning. Bad umping again...
Classic Damon arm
wish I could be there to hear Harry Sheppard..
Why do people who are moving at a walking pace usually run up stairs? I wonder about this every day.
W goes to Mayweather easy. That being said find it ridiculous how boxers carry all their belts to the ring. LMAO.
oh there was a great Roadhouse Reference on it last Thurs.
Good Morning Everyone! There are only 6 days left to Voice Your Choice! I am encouraging everyone to take advantage of Early Voting. It...
And I've finally hit the stage of browsing and bookmarking real estate listings weekly.
Where's the grassroots pushback against this actual #vastrightwingconspiracy against clean energy?
Dear paranoid people who check behind their shower curtains for murderers, If you do find one, what`s your plan?
Happy Holidays Portland! We're ringing in some cheer at home with our 'new' 1917 gulbransen player piano!
Thanks for signing up. I'm excited to read #UMBCsocial session ideas as they're posted on the blog! So many possibilities...
ya its broke
I'm not...just came across this randomly! It's a rare thing to find an in-depth write-up about card sorting
why is today moving so slowly? shouldn't i have been home by now?
That was awkward
labor of love indeed!
I need a Vegas trip
are u available?
point-A to point-B....and everything inbetween. Its all LOGISTICS Mary Vaugn & Michael Dalby right now
If your commute has you frustrated, why not pull in to Zuzu to wait out traffic? Enjoy happy hour (queso & beer) on our patio.
The only thing that would make this weekend better is if followed me! <>
Now THAT'S brilliant. RT : Do what I'm doing and unfollow & re-follow him several times.
Made a clan called #MLSG "Major League Salvadorian Gamer already over 10 people joined.
Scotland is dreich but my childhood memories of summer holidays are that it was always boiling.
Was combing through the #milbloggie nominations and saw your link. Great stuff! I'm going to add you to my blog roll first thing!
Agreed! Brands must also be aware of all groups the term "multicultural" includes.
you once called Michael Jackson a nutsac instead of nut job. A mistake IMO
Idc though it whatever. Lol it really not that worth it.
Every leader leads by the story they tell and by moving people with stories
Great idea! No Talking Tuesday.
I miss you!
Too fuckin busy...too busy fuckin...
you should
Right on! By Wed.a.m., I could always use a blast of Shiftless When Idle to get me up. 7:15: KBCO comes on clock radio. LOUD
Those are among my favorite America-hating cookies!
So will he sign an executive order to stop the deportation of US Veterans? If not it's just cheap talk!
I don't even have the words to thank you, Shauna!!
All men are created equal, it is only men themselves who place themselves above equality. ----David Allan Coe
Celebrate the warm weather today! Grab a drink from Mocha's to quench that thirst as you lay in the valley on this sunny afternoon.
You're a good man Bommadog! All the best in this new chapter! Thank you for all you gave to the game as a player!
Favorite quote of the day: "He that lives upon Hope will die fasting" - Benjamin Franklin
thanks for follow. Like ur profile and what you stand for. The art of advocacy.
Will #Ohio be this year's VCU?
Just very excited to be on board and enjoying the delightful in-flight experience.
#whatifindattractive a man that can teach me something
re: my last tweet... I found it! Wayfaring Stranger. LOVE. Cheers!
Am I the only one who eats Pancakes and cookies for dinner? haha. Oh well(:
Home issues just get easier everything is slowly falling apart
scrw u man u never tweet me back!!!!!! Lol
RT : #MnGOP plan to build roof-ready stadium with general fund money is a joke. Quit trying to kill the bill!
get your life together
Also gonna be hilarious when Jonas Valanciunas ends up sucking.
#3: #CRM training is multifaceted & ongoing. Tailor training user needs, establish a process. cc'
its 3:21 in california and im still up man.
Herman Cain just blamed others for playing the blame game.
Love makes man grow up or sink down.
I'm looking for an article on fasting... You know, in case one of you wonderful peeps happens to have just read one.
Thanks for your support of my new album "Heaven."
Extra large? I preffer extra ripped
night cody hope you had a great christmas (;
Welcome to another week of learning...are you prepared?
Welcome, young twitterling!
Your nipples look like the apples on a tree.
Victoria's Secret fashion show , yeeeeeeeeei....
enjoyed the panel today!
Well, let's just say it's still in the "ghetto" phase.
Starting the day early for me this morning.
we make mistakes so we can learn from them. we learn from them so we won't hurt ourselves. we learn from them and we become less stupid
So excited for tomorrow, with Zoe Keating! I know a few of will be there, will you?
Writing an article on best practices on delegating responsibilities to your team members. Looking for comms agency pros to quote. Please RT.
she was 16 and she was killing it
I cannot believe my loves are graduating this weekend!!!!!
One thing I want for Christmas is the end of partisan politics so we can fix the economy and get people back to work.
"Can the museum keep up?" Wynne Greenwood at
Sorry I couldn't make it. How did I not know anything about #loveindy?
somewhere in...Spain!
wow that is too cool Jen! Ya unfortunately to me his last 2 shows were better but the crowd loved him soo maybe its just me. Lol
RT Lady Falcons start volleyball season tonight at FHHS. Don't forget to vote if haven't done so thru mail or in person
Land use and local politics (with a healthy dose of snark) for #CapHillDC and #HStNE ? is a must follow.
you will definitely be missed best wishes with everything!!!!!
Lightweight miss Swim Season
"Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." - Albert Einstein
"Leadership is action, not position" -Donald H. McGannon
yup the real world then;2
First train update 2: no power. the conductor told us that pieces of the vehicle are lodged under the train and that it might be a while.
Miguel Sano hit 10th home run of the season tonight. Might want to head 2 Pohlman Field B4 Sano moves up!
love ya!! Come up to Calhoun tomorrow :)))
my girls & I are thinking of doing #NoLa for #NYE. Got any good acts playing there that weekend?
Not denying that controlling the fire is a UW issue, but in my opinion, the rule is not a bad one.
Congrats! I'm not surprised, but great news :)
The bobcats were better in nba live 04 when their starters were point guard, shooting guard, small forward, power forward & center center
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member
I have always wanted to get there for a review! Let me know what you thought!
Oh girl you make a niggah tweet
Steve Newman: can we present this as a community literacy project? This has less baggage/barriers than a DH Center would.
Yess i cant wait to see her in it! shes gonna kick some ass
Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember - the only taste of success some people have is when they take a bite out of you. ~ Zig Ziglar
is starting up a great program w/ USC's PLAY! at LA USD. Hip-hop + literature w/ forthcoming TED Talk, wish I were in high skool 2!
Goin on a diet
you're very welcome :{)
I think about you constantly , it's crazy how much I've changed <3
single monitor. lolz.
One major thing checked off my list.
mm that is little fella. Need help with the conversion?
Join us in the museum conference room (123 FAB) on Tuesday for an info session- Museum and National Heritage Sites program in London!
Bless up. Thanks for the follow.
So, how Whats up with all you #Rushers? I feel like i havent talked to any of yall in like forever!
AN SHE ALREADY HAS TO DEAL WITH BRAIN CANCER Y MAKE HER FEEL WORSE
You know you're getting older when you're sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you pray it ain't for you.
Sharing your blog w/ friends only to find out they've already bookmarked & discussed it over lunch without knowing it's yours.
#betoorourke explains he is going door to door to hear what people of the community care about. He will represent those interests.
Welcome to Hell's Kitchen!!! :)
Something is on fire at Hood and Millitary. South of Donald Ross.
& I'm still up.. o__o
Im done with products...they don't stand behind them!
Tonight will be so dull.
My grandad gotta be hot in his room man. (I comb my wrap to the back.)
S/o to my newest follower
I'm so proud of her!
Working on a dark tone for my next #script. Challenge accepted.
Nail lady looks at my toes weird, leave me alone I was born that way!
I love it and have so much fun! I was telling my instructor last night that I was ready to get back for a class!
Can't sleep; brain is too busy thinking about Schiller, Adorno, form and aesthetics. I think I broke my brain.
SHAME on them! There willing to sell their SOUL over a few $$. We ALL know there LIERS! We LOVE John, he's a 1st class MAN! xo
haha we had so much fun on friday!!! you guys are great!
Hey fans! Our next news-op will be on Tuesday, February 28 on WISN 12.
I still am scared at the car wash...but cleaning my baybay
I wanna play San Andreas
i hope i get to meet one day, ill just keep wishing i guess:( #ukmahomie. -Sophie.
there has to be stupidity in someone who spells Nike like "NIKEY"
Doesn't it piss you off when you ask someone a question and they don't answer? GRRRRR
it WAS weird but I'm learning--if u really pay attention to people-they'll tell on themselves. HE had other motives-I didn't
now we jacking words lame
Ur mommas so short she can do backflips under the bed....
Whoa! steaming hot! hot! hot idea! whoa.... I love the expert IT -- you know who you are E.
#Confession I'm really smart, I'm just really lazy.
AFTA research shows that advocacy for the arts makes a huge difference. 25 SAAs had an increased or flat budget.
yeah I no
Tell Gabe Good luck from Peach and I. Keep us posted!! If you need help with Twitter, text me...
Like they would wear the same sized uniform. The height difference alone, wouldn't make it fit right.
I need my bestfriends:/
