Getting a good zinger off in Politico always makes me happy the rest of the day. Nice shot at Warren!
At #gencon rarely have there been so many snide t-shirts, corsets, and zombies in one place
Thanks for the RT Jared! Appreciated.
that would be neat, but windy.
THE LEADERS AND THE BEST!
McNair changed my life as well. I would not be in grad school if it wasn't for the program. Love sitting on grad panels.
- need opinion. Would you rather fly falcons at a super sweet castle or do a harbor/scenic view tour?
Hit "LIKE" if you really could have used a longer weekend
I think the #Ravens should trade up to 3 and take Kalil!!
Hey, thanks!
I've never succumbed to new movie hype, but my willpower is being tested with the
Tomorrow is going to be an amazing day because the #BestTwinsOnEarth were born. Happy Birthday and !
$25 to check a bag under 50 lbs and $115 if it's over. And people wonder why the airlines are broke. Boarding plane to Vegas as we speak.
you deserve every single one(:
u retweeted your MOM!!???
Good name!
and thank you!
check out Jacksons on Saturday if you can! Good times.
#allstarsaturdaynight Sweet intro! Jay-Z & Kanye West....It's time for the Shooting Stars Challenge!!!
Miserable at best -Mayday Parade
they should b trying 4 Paul voters. They need them to win against Obama
it feels good, just coolin outside .
RT : A handful of Nigerian scam artists are wrecking it for all the honest Nigerians who want to wire money to us.
Me: I WON THE LOTTERY! Girl: OMG! Me: Pack your shit! Girl: what should i pack? Me: everything bitch you gotta go..” LMAO
there maybe a couple of sale events following up since so many stores shut down.
We have two options, medically & emotionally: give up, or Fight Like Hell.~Lance Armstrong
KATIE OMG TONY GOT HIT BY A SEMI TRUCK!!!! WHAT!!!!!!!
It needs her bad.
Got a B in basically every subject. ew
American Saying If God only gave me a clear sign; like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank
Everything about this day is great.
it is just music and expression ,, let it be, u can voice some dislike but boycott over a 5 min song that will be forgotten
these facebook people are getting on my last nerve. forreal, just go home.
now im just spamming
I miss their falafel sandwiches. I lived off those in college.
glad you enjoyed premiere week! how'd you like the sandwich? can you take the heat?!
i think he means the dates are next week and tickets are on sale in june well that's what i heard.
im Ke'Juan i Jus Thought You was Cute
Serious credit to the nuggets. Didn't think they could take the Lakeshow this far.
Happy 200th Charles Dickens! I mean, you're a great author and all, but geez, 200! What's your secret?
maybe you're just SUPER popular!
One hopes that the House will vote to end the current pay freeze for federal employees. It is unfair and inappropriate.
of course! It's only been like 7 years
Congratulations on the appointment of Sue Baacke as #CFO, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
Omg, chachi met justin bieber ! :D congrats! <3 asdfghjkl
That just happened.
listening to on out here in Indianapolis
I just figured you were drunk and forgave it :)
It is a beautiful day out today!! 70 degrees in Dallas
In order to see change, you must live that change you want to see.
Think I want a tattoo on my ribs
A person who has committed a mistake & doesn't correct it, is committing another mistake ~ Confucius
thank you but I think James Maslow probably thinks I'm a horrible person too and I don't blame him if he does
Chilling out in Leavenworth on conference for Pain Management, it is beautiful here!!!
Ue welcome! Can't wait to see you guys at Warped Tour in So-Cal! (: RT : thanks
how are things going...haven't heard from you two of you in a while :)
Romania gov&#39;t: moratorium on shale gas exploration
Always remember to check the oven before you preheat it something. -.-
This weekend can't come any faster!
yay! i will facebook & tweet it out the hiz-ay when you come here!
you will love him so much. 😊
3 kinds of beef jerky. my kind of Sunday.
it all blows, lol.
there...we've come full circle now
Actually, when they have the same creative director, that's what happens. Big fail.
on the real! Will you be in C-Stat or Dallas? A reunion sure is needed! #oldhcomodelproblems haha
the little I watched was a hot arse mess... Evelyn is a bully, she needs to brought down to earth.
Beautiful day for golf here at San Diego Country Club!
I spent 1 hour and 30 minutes Bowling. 328 calories burned.
best bet is probably Inteligencia in Venice or Urth Cafe in Santa Monica.
what didn't.
Louisvilles dancing like Bernie on the bball court
I'm scared. Why did my dad just scream wait nvmd I know now
Jeez, you write ONE flu poem and *boom* you're a weirdo. It undid all the good accomplished by my semicolon poem.
love you Momma EG
First Green Ribbon Schools Honored for Environmental Excellence
What's on the menu
Woah I almost forgot! Happy Birthday!
It's a great night to live in Dallas!
yeah but that waiting period Is a bitch lol
Follow ... He'll give you a #FollowBack!! I follow back too!:)
hahahaha im confused
US citizens are being driven from their own property by drug gangs from Mexico.
what gym u go 2?
ohh my butt was knocked out
i'll have to check it out - haven't watched before (though I can't stand dhousewives)
great! Got a couple of people here who want to contribute so let me know.
We're developing some new products that we're really excited about. Can't wait to unveil them!
tweet me if u want a follow back!!
I won't subject people to it
Great Melissa #Etheridge #concert yesterday evening!
July 7th I get to see you! :) Are you guys having a meet & greet?
#FF great peeps> connect for effect
“: Exit twitter, close laptop, get into bed, unlock phone, check twitter ...” story of my life.
Something Gotta Givee .
gonna check to see if my foods warm yet..
*Slowly Falling Asleep while my Stomache Growls like a Damn Beast*
yeah, okay!
what an ass!
we are gonna need more salsa.
mad at chu
Robots are bleeple too. (thanks Z)
#NationalHonestyDay I fucked up with you big time . I have so many regrets it's unreal . . 😢
Just now getting my costume together for tonight's midnight show of the new Whit Stillman movie. Should I go penny loafers or oxfords?
oh and the deadline is feb 10th..(:
can't #YOLO because he's already beat the record.
If I buy all my books as eBooks, as I seem to be doing recently, what happens to my fantasy of a home filled with books?
let's talk numbers! Via text.... I miss you - think we need a date soon!
I 'm grateful that God blesses me in spite of myself
Life is always in beta
Finally got the money to buy a car ... Friday Imma rollin!!
Brooke Shields was considered for the role of Allison in The Breakfast Club.
I'm not a "Hey?" "Hey whatsup" "nm, you" type of person..
I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks. Dr. Spanish
And thanks to who told me about the recall and basically did all the work for me to get my free iPod Nano!!
So stuffed, can't wait for desert
thank you!!:D
Your colors shall henceforth be pink and teal, and you logo shall be a suitably ladylike flower.
what's up?
I love so so so much!! Nick please come back to DC ASAP!!! We miss u Mr. President ;) It's my dream 2 meet u
"It's hard to trust someone, especially when the ones you trusted the most were the ones that betrayed you."
Bad idea to were flats on a p.e. Day #nosocks :(
Hopefully the series will be a microcosm of the season, and we will wake up just in time to survive.
Thanks for the Sponsorship this year! We look forward to seeing you at our events!
#EverydayIThinkAbout and there's not a day that I don't..<33
Yikes! Everyday is new possibilites. When we cloud of vision we can not see the sunshine.
I love sleeping, so I'm gonna mimiz early {:
I have a date! (They sell them by the box at the local farmer's market.)
Leave it open, it keeps people paying attention -- to something, at least.
Yay! Victoria's secret semi annual sale!!!!! Waawwhhoooooo
u playing this year? Need to get n work out myself!
"Want a stamp? I like you, Meg. I like you! Like, like, like, like, like. La, la, la, la, la!"
awesome! Can't wait to serve you :)
S/O to Hilarious and Awesome Talent. Much success to you. #Blessings!!!!
Oh okay, now that you say that, i heard that, just forgot!
Finally it's December 1st! The beard has disappeared!!
Ok time for bed, back to the real world, work tomorrow. oh the joys of being an adult... ugh! And I wanted to grow up why?
i gotta comment on this..... but im thinkin 2 many nasty thoughts right now soo.... 2 words: SEX-Y!!!!!!!!!
Congratulations!!! hopefully we'll be co-workers!
Sweetie. I'm trying to be.nice to you, and you still hate me and talk about 24/7 for no reason? You're very mature. (;
wacha making with those?
Feeling God's grace and love moving. What great things happened for you today?
stuff my last tweet, cop&paste it to ur email etc. and answer the Qs.
Be realistic- if you lose more then a pound and a half a week (without personal training) you are losing at muscle and water loss- not fat.
More weed role it up more drink poe it up
I'm just tryna make some money lmao
loved it!
Bubba from the pine needles
Kinda funny. Me and Bri were last to play, and I am pretty sure we're the only ones who had to get up early for school tomorrow. lol :)
look up Dempsey's life story and you will become more a fan, he had a hard life
And I'm supposed to start blogging for the , too.
So, we all will have this pin board? Wow, we can even use pinterest for our evil intent. Score.
Most beautiful city on earth... what is it? Leave us a comment below!
#Yoga time!
#VMwarePEX Hands-on-labs... WTF is up with this music?!
You bet! See u @ 8, TY! RT : ... Will you be joining us tonight for the #askcheryl chat during The Biggest Loser?
I'm hoping it's a plant. I have many iris, but I don't have that one.
Yess!! Thank you for your baby wisdom. I'm a huge fan!
why yes I do spontaneously break out into ninja moves!
RT : I know of only one duty, and that is to love. ~Albert Camus
One giant perk being at home with moms and aunts = one giant belly full of indian food that I can't even think straight anymore...
Teaching a google docs class at the library tonight...first class I've taught in over a year! Hope I'm not too rusty.
I need to come watch a game sometime!
commercials for engineering cars during desperate housewives - interesting
Give me a chance, and I'll make it worth while.
what?..Luds B/day..Happy Effing Birthday!!!!!
I cant even stay in my house with them for 2 days without getting annoyed. Thank god for schoolz
#IFTHEYSHUTDOWNTWITTER IMMA BE HELLA PISSED. TWITTER IS AMAZING AND I NEED IT. WTF IS WRONG WITH AMERICA?! MY GOD.
. thanks for the #FF & we hope you check out SG, we're doing a lot of cool things in CA & around the nation!
YEAH!!! I almost fainted seeing him dance!!!! So HOOT!!!:D
Just did a big record with the homie called "See you again." Shooting the video in a few weeks. Lets get it......
Bill Polian is full of shit. Bad analysis of Russell Wilson
Glad you liked all of those. :)
Stay tuned for the first part of our . interview, premiering Sunday!
Getting ready to watch Vanilla Ice perform at the Timberwolves game. Would you to a Vanilla ICE concert?
Hit "LIKE" if you'd rather go out to dinner then cook tonight
thanks for the follow. I'm just starting Fistitude looking forward to getting better.
I have some I even forgot about that I just found. You should see the collection of the employees.
aren't you an iPad hipster?
Work, then packing for my trip :D
hey doll!
Thank you for my cuteness fill for the day! :)
RT : Manning to Denver, eh? [TURNS OFF ESPN FOREVER]
minor update coming to the events page......your games will be back shortly.
Still soaking in the sounds of last nights tUne-YaRdS show.
Director Dean Amhaus chairing morning session on the Water-Energy Nexus at Green Energy Summit this morning in
I'm feeling so fresh with my new haircut bitchez
Yep, not a dream. I really did chase loud birds from a tree in my yard in the middle of the night.
Yes it is! Glad you agree! RT USF Nursing program is one the best in the state!
I can't wait!
Happiness will never come to those who fail to appreciate what they already have. Unknown
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "BAMBOO" to the bartender and your first drink is free.
Morgan, what about Democrats?
pleasure meeting you at the smoke out!
I hope you see this! Your one amazing guy and your such a cutie! It's my birthday and I would love it if you retweeted me!
okay, okay!! Hahaha :P but I still mean it!! xD thank you though!
Easter shopping is so hard for picky little kids!
What games do you play? RT : Hello Twitter. Im very close to popping in the video games and getting a bowl of ice cream
shanahan will take his talent to south beach
In case you couldn't tell from my near-constant coughing I'm sick AND I hope you come up to me so we can talk about it
oh yes<3
Love Court coming up at 8:05: Is their daughter's friend taking advantage of the family?
There are 11 cupcakes sitting in my fridge right now thanks to that class, soon to be 10!! Or maybe 9..... yum
Spindles didn't meet the code?
I guess the Heat decided to give Lebron's hairline a run for it's money in the "most embarrassing thing on the court" category tonight
correction: Dollhouse on Fox, Chuck on NBC. Either way, we still get to watch new episodes of both!
Rice vs. Southern tonight, 7 PM, Tudor Fieldhouse. Beer available at home games now students!
Confusing tweeters.
Jeff Wall?
"go join a sorority, go step your game up." - Phonte of Little Brother
Also, if you come to Wisconsin, I imagine you'd do better in Madison than MKE. But that's just my unqualified opinion.
Three bottles of champagne happens
Such diverse backgrounds! Tell Jason "Apa kabar?" from another fellow Indonesian.
And to everyone else, please excuse my recent half-hour binge.
can't wait to get my #SOMEDAY tomorrow but maybe today will be the day you notice us?
Brownies...yum.
Thank you Arielle and you already know I love you and your mom! Lol she's bomb !
@ Maryland Farms Starbucks. Hot enough that we had to come inside. A guy asked me if I was in the music industry.
Ah, spring. Windows open. Birds singing. Someone across the street having a full-on conniption-fit freakout....
KEEP "BUBBA SQUIRREL" WESLEY, N U'R PRAYERS..HE'S GOING THRU SAME THING AS N 2009..F/S..
It's after midnight here, but I can sure use some ice cream over a hot fudge brownie right now, hm it's early somewhere.
Truer words have never been spoken. Great motivational message to start my day.
Cobra starship, lmfao, and one direction are the shit, Not to be gay but justin beiber is good to. Guys say he's not cause they jellyfish xD
Sleep time
It's not who makes your car, but who's in it.
I think it was just a conference page, rather than a society page, was it not?
rock on. ::karate chops:: < see I'd be a no belt.
It's not hard to make decisions when you know what your values are. - Roy Disney
My profile pic says : "You are my favorite girl" - and, yeapp, i know it {♥}
Beer's not the only thing to get excited about @ WBC! Check out the BBQ Pork sliders from while you're there!
Getting energized abt Kids Count@
Jian Han Immune repertoire sequencing; Striking lack of diversity in TCRB in patients - clonal outgrowth - can identify cell type -
Slide two fingers in and do a "come here" motion while using your mouth on my clit. I'll usually respond by cumming quickly
Check out our special starting today on living social @ home section! $50 gets you $200 off a new mattress set of any size!
I love listening to christmas song from ....soo catchy =) RT
RT : One of these days we will come to understand the value in relationship difference!
EIther a club or a lil lounge...Not sure yet...Or maybe even the strip joint:-)
Q. What do you find in a clean nose? A. Fingerprints!
Strong winds of 30-50 mph on Weds will cause severe drifting of snow across all of WI thru Weds night
#WeWontWorkoutIf I don't get attention
RT : Here is a simple but powerful rule … always give people more than they expect to get. - Nelson Boswell
Don't give up on me.
's "Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me!" is pretty great for long road trips.
your tweets are making my night.
Getting on the plane #soexciteddd!!!
No doubt.. You make it look easy tho..... Hope everything's good.
Be A Human Being. Greendale Human Beings.
Glad to hear you're okay. I can't imagine how scary that would be. Here's hoping your luck evens out somehow.
": i feel for the family and i respect his death but i agree ..." I agree 1000%
lol I feel like only dumbasses would ask that question.
I just said he's a fucking fool. He can't handle the sauce and he acts like a jagbag. Hate.
Now we're rocking on the dancefloor, acting naughty
., I'm ready for my date with you tomorrow at The Echo. Smooches, Kat
RT : Lmao watching Sportscenter and showing the highlights of the #Rockies #dbacks game and a Arizona fan caught a homer....
Is gearing up for a busy weekend!
The club is closer than you might think! Do you hear it calling you from Canandaigua? ;-)
so amazing. Can't wait to read your next post.
We're finding that with Emporia, too. Cats are more destructive and children are louder, but every damn place allows them no problem
definitely. With acting there are words or a concept outside/beyond self and some sort of joy. Faking is def personal w/o joy.
How to kick a winning Field Goal, by Billy Cundiff
I've had 1D on replay for the passed 2 hours(: I have no regrets(;
Conference basketball tournaments are cash cow for Las Vegas. The story at 10 & 11.
Great! Look forward to being in touch.
Going well, thanks for asking! I partner with a health and wellness company that's grown each of its 10 years, Isagenix. :)
Tweet Le Peep: It's always a #greatday when you dine at Le Peep. Try the Great Mountain Burger for Saturday lunch. Yumm!
The Nectar of Life
call me ive been tryin to call u bk
If he doesn't knock him out we ALL know who the judges are picking lol
I think I'm going to go buy myself a iPod shuffle today and get my podcast on during my runs. Now, what color should I pick...?
oh also everyone im so sorry if we dont reply to your direct messages! it's just that we have so many we're replying to as many as we can,
what is impetus for additional restrictions on gov data that doesn't apply to other? these from "open gov" rather than open data?
Probably $5K or thereabouts
lol im right here just dont be on here anymore. text me i need ur # again. i tried guessing but ut was the wrong number lol
where's all the linemen pics....how do I run without protection....or catch balls,,wow I'm a ex running back,slot
Gianna its my birthday:]
You got it, keep up the good tweets!
gym-> brunch -> cocktails -> thrifting -> beers -> BBQ -> bed
if you'd like some help helping him, let us know! We're here to help.
Greetings. We are so glad you have connected with us. Looking forward to more! ~Linda :o)
i wonder what the % is for just shoving them up their bums? ;) lol ;)
Menino testing kids' reading comprehension between books.
"An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy of being called an idea at all." - Oscar Wilde.
not saying you have to lol wouldn't you like if I brought you a sandwich
am I going to get any vulture carries out of Tolbert this week?
You're so caustic lately :D
thanks for the RT!
What i would do to get in you guys cirlce. Peace and blessing to your success in the game.
Made a quick trip to Globe to grab some type/cuts for MICA's Open House tomorrow. came along to shoot some pics of the shop.
I'll take that bet. If not, it's a miss after that performance
Oh my god. Why am i so sore?
Needs somebody to go eat with me
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite musicians, :)
If you want to submit music and videos please contact
I love how all of the top tweeters for #gositinacorner are parody accounts. Now that's a #gositinacorner RT
I think it was the "so bad it's good" factor that helped me Kindle survive. Also, I read Ana's narrative voice as ironic...
and middle aged people want more power over sex!
Agreed! RT : Polish less, publish more. Expose you ideas to the world & see if they fail or flourish. Quit chasing perfect.
My jaw is still on the floor. RT Jesse?! Wth is Christina smoking?
Does anyone else get the "Have you seen what this person is saying about you" spam message from random people? It's so annoying.
Mixtape and iPhone app to launch April 4th
... Not a great name history on Chagrin Falls but #tragicallyhip describe in song: where even the unknown don't go...
Never been so glad to go home, today sucked.
Congratulations to UTSA alumni Bruce Bowen on his Spurs Jersey Retirement! Go Runners! GO SPURS GO!
It's like catching lightning the chances of finding someone like you. It's one in a million the chances of feeling the way we do.
is a fun and quick fashion show!!!
Just adjourned the Chamber's Legislative and Small Business Committee. Thank you for having a great discussion with us!
Robert Lloyd, LA Times " ...it’s nothing you’d want your president to say, or even to think. ...best to leave comedy to the professionals."
Watching people get murdered while studying for vocab..normal right??
a 360 spend. Is coming soon 4 me.
just made my twitta bitch merry christmas btw :D
Ron Paul is (sort of) dropping out. Holding back the tears. :(
Nice to meet you, Julie! That was bananas... we ended up at a mexican restaurant instead =)
Happy Boxing Day!
Twitter web designers should seek for pixel-level perfection. Pixel shakes when switching between tweets in my IE8, a browser not that bad..
Can I be the 400th person you followed? Please(;
Off to forage for cheap eats at Pancho Villa supermarket. ¡Vamanos!
merpp, nap time. Being on tumblr makes me exhausted, ha
going on a following spree.. follow me , i follow you? <3
Tressel did that too. I remember linemen previously saying Orlando pace called them to talk Ohio State and how great it was
We just getting started!
Happy 100th Birthday ! The 1st Oreo biscuit was sold in Hoboken, NJ in 1912. Celebrate w their limited edition birthday cake flavor!
Hey, the next time you talk about me behind me back make sure it's not to my friends because they will tell me. fucking bitch.
=P whats up
Free Julian Assange! What he's doing wiht WikiLeaks is a great public service. He needs support, not jailing.
It's Friday! Let's celebrate! Coffee clink
that's good to know
Does this mean the game will be blacked out on center ice now? Because your channel is too expensive by itself on every provider.
we just took notes and then watched a movie!
Good morning!
If it goes to education, I'm a virgin
you are sweet! no word on that move lol--enjoying chances to fill in, though!
This annoying lady is on my side on the plane her arms and legs won't stop moving
I was dyslexic and though you said breathable underwear..... lol
Are the brewers still playing? I never remember them playing in october before...
with and having a blast!:)
Lol! Jason, you are so silly. Thanks for the love : )
Yep! Give me details on my personal acct.(:
R.i.P 58DUSTO
I can deal with rhat
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 28
I need a paleo refresher...I found myself breaded chicken and dark chocolate raisins :(
Try Tonight's Drink Special : "The F'N Eh!!" Woodchuck draft cider w/ Stoli Raz & Peach Schnapps. That's what I'm talking aboot!!
Enter me in the sexyhair giveaway!!
What happened?!?
Going to listen to what Dr. Tom Cech has to say about "Drinking from a Fire Hose: The New Challenges of Biomedical Data"
Today is internationally known as Fuck It Friday <-------pardon my french, but this is america
we're looking into it.
Need ya email bro! Got some classics for Ahsan
Ugh -.- I hate being single on Valentine's day & my friends have boyfriends & girlfriends
hi revo lovers
You will take 1-3 minutes to recover after a set before moving on to the next set
miss shannon always brightens peoples spirits!!!! ;)
AESAOne welcomes All Ethiopians to our Annual Soccer Tournament in WASHINGTON,DC--> July 1st -July 7th,2012! Followback!
Happy new year!
These middle relievers are horrid. Could really use a LaTroy Hawkins or Takashi Saito.
Due to technical difficulties, I can't upload this song. :(
gonna eat my strawberry lipgloss then;) :P
thanks you for the tour support! Go check out ale8one..its life changing
sflogicninja is a beast
Need a reason to celebrate? Tonight only, mentioned this message and get TLV's Perfect Punch for 4 (served in a punch bowl) for ½ price.
"GayLand" (West Hollywood) LOVES ME! I LEARNED A NEW TRICK! YAY!
Poised Creation has met many great folks in Buffalo! We would like to thank you for your support!
What'd I miss?
never mind
at like the person sat there and recorded the whole shit !
Nick Jonas stole my pants...
Go for it - I think it would be awesome :-)
Say what you mean, mean what you say, without saying it mean.
I like the braces hehe your adorable <3
Two private events today ! Will see everybody on route this evening .
Chicken/egg loop engaged.
“I was taught that I had to 'master' subjects. But who can 'master' beauty, or peace, or joy?” Kathleen Norris
LIKE on Facebook 2 enter/register 2 WIN 2 3oz RAW Heat & Ice Roll-Ons & a Backnobber II deep muscle self care massage tool
i have the worst sun burn from the beach today i guess that's one neg thing about driving with the top down -__- forgot sunscreen FML
This is awful! Get it together C'S
Damn!! yall got 17 tapes? how many people are involved?
Thinking of something like redis or couchdb
#5ThingsICantStand the first and last slice of bread in the loaf, its ugly.
Putting together a plan to build a new website for A & A Safe, Lock & Door. They need a platform that properly structures page URL's.
The is a fucking joke and their referees are horrible.
If I had to choose between loving you and breathing, I would use my last breath to say I love you(:
yes yes yes yes... We'll see u back in Detroit.
also the main character from GTA3 doesn't say a word
YES U KNOW I HAD FLU SHOT LAST THURSDAY I GOT SICK BY SATURDAY HAPPENS EVERY YEAR
I just realized that today is 11/1/11.
Now I have to listen to dad's mouth the whole way to school...
Why won't Newt Gringrich go away?! He's the guy @ the party who stays too late, keeps going into your fridge for more beer.
Looks more like "Simon Says"
Just realized something very disturbing listening to my "get hype" mix b4 Zumba class, I own not 1, but all of the Black Eyed Peas albums.
Great opportunity with a great company. Searching for a Software Test Engineer ll CRM. Job Description: The primary focus of the...
We are about to hit at Northside Tavern...place is filling up. Get over here!
nah, seem well-balanced.
Forgot to stop for gas last night and there are no gas stations within 5 miles of Windermere. On 0 miles to empty and stuck in traffic!
hahah oh yeah..:) lol...AND april!
Keep a mental file of recent accomplishments, new clients, big projects. Networking tip from ,
I can see . Im so in love with ur pic<3 i know ill have a blast its above&beyond <3
I will get so frustrated that I can't figure something out, and then remember that I work in a library. A library full of how-to books.
Tiger Woods is not a role model for young athletes. He should pay lots of his winnings to his kids and wife...and he can't apologize enough.
#marathon training continues. 8 miles run today at 7:15 pace. Yoohoo ! Indoor because it's still a mess outside. I hate indoor.
congrats bro
Picking up my new 2012 car tomorrow Can't wait!!!!!
Thanks for the wonderful mention today!
when is everyone goin to memaws?
Decked out in hat & shirt, ear warmers and Snuggie. I'm ready for Wrigley!
Moving sucks but being forced to sort through my stuff is great! It's like spring cleaning! Love getting rid of shit I don't use/need..
Happy Birthday!
I've always liked Spacey, but he didn't deserve the Oscar for "American Beauty" over Denzel's "Hurricane". No way.
Thank ya for the RT love! :)
i hate to turn up out of the blue uninvited
Even though ion know I just liked your name and it put it in my bio
Hi Tamron! Great coverage. Just wanted you to know that in Maryland it's Ocean City and not Ocean Beach. Hang in there!
THURSDAY~ $2 All Bottles, $3 Call Drinks, $3 Shots and $5 Bombs! Showing all NCAA games all day long!
Sorry for the late reply (was up north w/ no reception), but thank you again for featuring me! I hope I helped in some way.
“: Please give Logan a DC DD super-high five w/sprinkles on top for us!” super sweet!
Four more pages!
Met at the signing, Cool Dude, million dollar smile:-) , Luv it!!! Playoffs Babe!!!!
HAHA! Good point.
Ive done so much in my lifetime, but I haven't done shit!
Hey all! Craft night for #bannedbookweek projects tonight..We're making book safe's! I want one in the shape of a
My 2.5 Y/O now expects candy every time he goes in potty! Wife opened up a "can of worms." Going so often you'd think he's on a cleansing
what you on today
I'm so annoyed.
I've been crazy for a nap all day. There are somedays where I wish college was postponed for a day.
I sure do! #Smash needs me I just wrote the ending to Bombshell and it's good! Lol
There are far more "failed" groups than sustainable/successful ones. Why? and What might we do to change it? Brian Butler #hcil brownbag
u talk to anthony about touring & shit... he sent me the convo he had with dude what u think about it?
Great beach day!
like what
From a radio perspective, I love reviewing Sigur Ros cuz it's almost always awesome & it's all FCC friendly (hypothetically)
In honor of Columbus Day, Island Real Estate wants to know…when did YOU “discover” Anna Maria Island?
Glad you enjoyed it! The webinar should be posted within 24 hours.
sometimes we call them the "dream smashers" RT : as;dkfja;df< how i feel when a program i've been working on gets killed by legal
OMG!!! i love u love ur music listening to Disturbia and Man Down
Hate it when im sick on one of the best weekends.
Agreed. I was putting my relationships to use just today.
RT : Hey how did your new G15 Driver perform today on the couse? A: long. ur welcome
Why do I look forward to Mondays? This is my weekend: Work. Homework. Babysitting. Homework. Bed? Work again. Homework again. Fun?
I understand. I just thought I'd check.
Did you know am a x power ranger the kicked me out cuz I got to much power
They will still take the east
Yes lmaoo RT : Ppl trip on R. Kelly but forget Wanya from Boyz II Men was banging out Brandi when she was young
Right back at ya.
Lol everyday RT : When's National Workout Day?
Looking forward to hearing our friends Steve Hawk and Nuns on Fire tonight. It's going to be a great show tonight!
Alyssa Milano is running tonight... I'm pretty sure thet plan on letting Tony Danza take over tomorrow, then Judith Light on Saturday
OF COURSE I GET MY IPHONE AND IT CAN'T BE ACTIVATED.
hello ;p
check it out
missed you xo
RT : Get free drinks and food at Madison restaurants with code words from www.phreeps.com
ur a lame...scary ass
If I'm ever a professor, I will be that jerk that demands that you follow MLA formatting for every assignment, and I will not regret it.
Never seen Planet of the Apes until just now.. that's a good ass movie!!!
“: Off to a London Alopecia Support Group meeting. It's my first one so I'm a bit nervous.” Enjoy it gorgeous!
Tonights menu - turkey lasagna and green beans. You already know lol
if a movie is only good in 3D, it's not a good movie. Last I checked, probably only 5% of us have 3D TVs at home.
Welcome to
#restinpeace Chris Z
Excited for my final to be over today so I can perfect and submit my mentorship app! Yay for role models and
. The issue seems to be about how much you want to model "at a single glance"
Okay I'm done trying to get on Diablo 37. Not even angry though, FFXI trained me to expect this.
but if none of them shaking your doing nothing at all
I once worked with a guy who “versioned” his classes like that. I threw up in my mouth a bit.
2 days until I move, 4 workdays until my vacation/visit from my mom, 8 days until the NSS golf tourney/Son's open house
Man, *someone* got clobbered by the Whiskey Ship last night.
+ need help Y is cust service so bad no matter how logical I'm trying to be?
Thanks for the mention!
My Brain = 4% Names + 1% Phone numbers + 5% School knowledge + 90% Music.
nice meeting you! Thanks for taking the time to talk with me.
Hey Selenators! :) Go follow my friend for a follow back from me :)
Because is a lazy punk. Don't worry. She'll be there. I see B-real is already there.
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it. -Malcolm Forbes
Haje, congrats in your book launch!
US Dept of State’s #Muskie Grad Fellowship Program is currently seeking host universities for grad programs – apply today!
I just watched you kick over that sailboat picture. Fucking classic.
Sorry to hear about your bad sleep issue last night. Hope all is going well with #DogEatDog shooting! ^_^ can't WAIT to see it
I dont need no money too make me happy.
i cant wait to get off work, so fuckin bored! and if one more customer get smart imma go off!
The poster is amazing, as usual.
OMFG MY HUSBAND IS SEXY AS FUCK
hope you enjoy it :)
84 degree in Newburgh and 83 in Evansville . Dew points in the mid to upper 60's. Not hot outside, just tad a bit humid.
You are welcome Mike!
RT : Sustainability strategy is actually code for better systems thinking and management = Better business
Mary McCarthy~ We all live in suspense from day to day In other words you are the hero of your own story.
I just saw thiss!!! I Love You too .... even though this morning was a lil rough teehee
We actually have 30 days.
Steven jackson running back is here. Enjoying the toptional SOLD OUT weekend. Let's get it!
Congrats, Pete! That's FANTASTIC :-)
we all need somebody to lean on :)
#littleknownfact: the Gas Hike Trio actually tours the midwest singing and dancing when not busy purposefully raising gas prices
yeah man... Donald brown... Who knew.
This page has been hacked I need all my followers to follow my new page now!!
I bet she gives a killer hand job. RT I'm totally asking Penelope Cruz to the prom.
Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts. - Albert Einstein
yeah..I know😁
Shopping at the mall is getting pretty difficult! Lines are longer and longer!
gotta love the "McGurgles"!
HOLY CANOODLE, I'm in awe.
just heard on the radio that a guy sold his kidney for a iPad 3 and an iPhone #reallyy?
Question to the dancers: when did you start dancing?
MINDS: Profs have trouble performing remediation on struggling students.
thanks for coming! merry christmas!
I would not trade these past two nights for anything with and Barrett.
better than Final Destination 2 and Next Friday combined.
lol true but my mom is a little bit more patient I guess.We used to do this & she would ignore us forever before she yelled lol
Day 4 #RareFlow video shoot...final day!
7 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
bahahah that;s hilarious
goodbye then.
Im being so nice today
that was flawless! Your choreography is always so good and different from anything I've ever seen. Love watching you guys!
30 years ago the #NBA finals were over by May 11. Today we're still in the First Round!!
"Month of Miracles" starts soon! Stop by Publix, Costco, Wal-Mart & Sam's Club in May to purchase a miracle balloon to support
just finished it, wow it was so amazingly good. BKV is such an outstanding writer.
lmao well thanks Nat. I learn from the best
thanks for the RT! More maps to come next week.
:"In many ways Los Angeles thrives precisely because it is decentralized, offering the exhilaration of crossing borders"in
Didja go for "Premium," so you can stream to mobile?
Open: We Need to Talk About Kevin, In Darkness, Miss Representation, Cont: The Artist, Jeff Who Lives at Home, A Separation,Being Flynn
resources for military families give kids, parents tools to help develop a shared understanding of challenges says Dr Cozza
I'm a big advocate for handwriting analysis in business. Has anyone used this method?
Farmers Market 10-3. I-15 Rancho. Farmers, Honey, Bread, Hummus, Pastry, Oils, Vietnamese BBQ, , Crafts, Music.
do you not like doing music anymore?? I love Who I Am and all your songs! Will you ever comeback? :( Now was 9years ago :(
let me know who goes home!
that's awesome! TY, also. Go #Cards!
Bullying Needs To Stop!!
beer?!? tequila Tuesday no?
done over here around midnight then not sure. Maybe going out for a drink or two. You?
"60 bar instrumental break" is shorthand for "this should never have even been considered as a karaoke song."
Holy shit. Go to Deadspin and read everything about . It is nutty.
Pulling together a coaching event and #hh for women in #dc. Hoping to find a cool place to host. Anyone have ideas?
how much more longer I can't wait much more?!?!?!
for sure! i haven't posted to many lately, this should get me back into picture taking mode
lol very true miss. Im also obsessed with buffalo chicken wraps, buffalo chicken wings, ruffles buffalo potato chips, etc.
MALIK HEY okay so your sis follows me, you should too!
Enjoy your Saturday to the fullest!
Just made sweet potato porridge, with spicy tofu and three different types of kimchi!
at last game of season and hoping Wild can manage a 3rd period comeback after going down 4-1
Gets very hot and kinky ;)
are you kidding?? NO!!!!!
#20ThingsAboutMe I love driving :)
Dessert at lunch
and he developed a 3!
How did people make it through boring meetings before smart phones?
But only the elite can masturbate to it!
Last night class with killian was awesome.
Can't wait for to get home!:)
It's so the aliens can find your house.
hahaha... this has been fun to watch. :)
I'm done with #westminster. They always screw the Weimaraner.
I plan on getting my work done earlier and going to bed earlier. Much healthier that way for me
what color is your suit? I pray we don't match.
Its funny how i miss her. !!!!! Gn fb
"Florida is gassed" I thought they were trying to wear us out? haha
. China is going to buy the tarsands oil if we don't, and they will burn it much less cleanly than we would.
*SAY IT WITH YA CHEST! LIL ASS NIGGA!
good the grind has been missing you! <--- i stole that from someone ;)
Think about it...if Nature has built perpetual motion machines e.g...the solar system, Why is it not possible? Yes it is possible.
ATTN Fashion Designers / Retail Store owners! We r looking 4 clothing for a fashion event in July! Please MSG us ASAP w/ your deets!
« Follow a #Libra. You will end up somewhere interesting.»
Just heard one of the neighbor kids say "you're not the boss of me!" to his sibling. I remember saying that ahah!
BOY MEETS GIRL! BOY MEETS WORLD! I feel like Edward Scissorhands so much power in my palms and I don't understand! :)
My life is a mess right now:( iloveyou!
game this weekend? Or next week possibly?
Please tell me how the fuck can a teenager look suspicious with a bag of skittles and a tea?
Howdy! I'm seeking a mid level SOUND DESIGNER for my world class studio on the East Coast. Ping me if interested -
Almost no need for expensive website these days #SmallBizWeek use blog instead.
Same! I'm dying to watch The Healer! :) It looks so good!
dude, heard you on the ! Funny stuff! Really hoping to get to the this weekend!
Never let the glitz and glamour of being a rapper full, takes a lot of hard work. I've put in 3 years of it.
After bar party u down
Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.
#ICanHonestlySay that is my all time favorite. #boyband ever!!!
what???? food is great! so do you like wait and just eat after you play? gotta have energy!!!
We own the night
Looking forward to cleaning, art making, and setting up my N64 after coffee with boy.
only rich people with no kids ! Just kidding go for it !
she want a shot caller 🎧
i thought lunch ?
I just bought $10 worth and made myself a cocktail.
Thanks for dinner y'all, I had fun.
My mind is preparing for a 3pm conference call. *Ahem!* () :P /cc
looking at vintage dresses online, did most women really have 24" waists back in the 50s?
As for the best leaders, the people do not notice their existence
Just because you apologized dont mean Im gonna let you back into my life.Some people you just need to forgive, forget about and leave alone.
that's exactly why they stay faithful...because they treat them like shit...sad but true...smh
SOMEONE HELP ME FRIENDS WITH A PHONE COME OVER HELP I NEED A PHONE NOT A DRILL
Working on new iPad. Need suggestions for best video, Gmail, & Google apps applications
Haters r tryin everythin to bring you down we r here ur true fans supportin u..GOOD MUSIC FOREVER..
Dried Fruit Compote with Ginger Syrup Recipe from Bon Appétit
oh hahah me too! :)
Definitely need some classic hip-hop to jumpstart today's creative brainstorming.
What inspires you?
Why am i never full after my lunch?
Done and DOne
GWADT - I actually liked books 2 and 3 just as much as book 1. I love when that happens, and the entire serious ends up to be AMAZING!
It's so annoying when the pictures of me from the show come out looking really crappy.
Nice! I've seen him twice! His shows are great!!!
and of course since we dont subscribe to any societal norms, a belated Happy Passover to those of you to whom it applies -love anthony
Native Americans used to name their childre. After the first thing they saw after leaving their teepees. True??
That sounds awesome! You should definitely do it! Even if I don't live in London ;)
Thanks for passing around our blog post. Bring on the verbs!
it's my birthday today can I please get a happy birthday?
If that is true, we r REALLY in trouble!
like the music
I consider eavesdropping on the boys sitting behind us research for my novel.
This Thursday night we will be having the big debut of our new video for "What's Really Happening".
just figured out what alot of my guys friends dont like about a girl... when a girl is WAAY too skinny. hmm who knew? lol
maybe the next video we do should be a zombie music video...
way to be loyal to your team... and by your team i mean avon! telling them good job first... pssh... hahah
How lame my phones about to die -_-
#breakingbad is the best acted show on television at the moment.
thanks! consider me a follower. ;)
Good morning Miami! Off to the grind! Make it your best day ever!
"Spending is out of control." No, what is out of control is capitalism. The GOP had no problem with spending before Obama.
naw I cu bra yo videos #better den mine
Excellent advice, too bad the people who draw paychecks from the public don't always follows it, especially in legislation.
all the best to you,Jen and family. Extra prayers sent:)
just tired of explaining beans and rice. Should Nov. prove prosperous, I'll give again at hemorrage levels.
RT : City Planning is the first dept to provoke the ENTIRE council to fiercely challenge the mayor's cuts.
: On Christmas Eve the family gets together for a big, long meal. Then we play games until midnight. At 12:01, we exchange ...
I need: sex, drugs & rock 'n roll. Not necessarily in that order... Bad, mood today. VERY bitter. :'(
I'm done with people.
Especially when McLouth strikes out RT These are the saddest of possible words, "Now batting for Casey McGehee...Nate McLouth."
A&E's Fugitive Chronicles is a wrap. Chase scenes, explosions, local crew hired - and it all went swimmingly!
Working sixteen hours should I drink
Tell someone who cares.
"We're perplexed," says Grier. Barnett Stadium will remain closed this weekend.
lol, I think she likes you. Should of backhanded her. ha
Nope, will be heading there soon though, after azuhar. Wazzup?
The Express bus has a diff funding source than the trolley, more buses & capacity. Typical clueless Giants fan!
yes please!
NyQuil is the Long Island Iced Tea of over-the-counter meds, with a competitive hangover. Never again!
mine too. It adds a little something extra to the tweet!
The coolest happy hour in town! Today Come, meet people alike and share
Nothing makes a long night working in the library go faster then Oscar winners Denzel and Russell doing their thing in American Gangster.
... Well, when I see you pop up on my timeline, you're not the only thing that pops up. Dats all I'm gonna say...
ahh yeahh just finish my project ....drawing so easy
What a jam-packed day of gr8 content! Now we are participating in symposium to beat childhood cancer.
aren't you married???!
thanks for following ;-)
My girlfriend's daughter just got booted from Barnes and Noble for moving all the Bibles to the fiction section.
Marketing 101 is my religion. Obama is the spokesman for the corporations. there is no usa or china etc..there is only bechtel,IBM,Sony etc.
Ivy what's good??
Merry Christmas!
"Mr.Boemler was walking around and saw two girls online shopping on their phone" that was not us at all..
lol me to instead of tweeting bout rocs hair
hehe i can't wait!:) and i fer sure will take lots of pics <3
I try not to let it bother me, but it really does
"Bioengineering is less risky, in the grand scheme of things, than geoengineering." True--but a low bar!
Oracle forges Xeon E5 racks and blades - Register
Who's ready for Texas Longhorn football?
On a mission your worst enemy is idol time...
I like you better!
Work brings success :-).
poor dude. I hope you get it sorted out soon or at least figure out what to do next. Hugs.
and killed it tonight!!! Best show I've seen all year!
we want to be cool and get tons of followers.
I say back knee was down no TD
Hawaii News Now - KGMB and KHNLBack for Mo? Yankees' closer Rivera lost for 2012 - Hawaii News Now
Make a Wish nd the Universe will align to make it come true...
What's your biggest challenge as an actor?
what it do bones
We're making all the same mistakes 🎶🎵
These pants are so tight. Atleast they make my ass look god (:
What we now know, butterflies are terrifying.
Thanx for the follow. Alaska is beautiful. I want to see Siberia some day. Last great nothern wilderness.
FOLLOW ME BAILEY IM A BIG #RNGEEZIE ND I VOTE FOR U GUYS EVERYNIGHT <3
you are awesome!
Hi Randy! How's the training going today?
Spa week in #ATL. Massage at the mansion was truly divine. Thanks, Amanda the masseuse. You're doing just what you should be w your life
#syked for this final today(: wish us look!:)
Do any of your locations carry Arctic Ease Cryotherapy wraps/pads?
thankyou so much!!! :))
After years of people telling me I'd love it, I'm finally sitting down to watch Big Fish with Em Spenc in Park City. Here goes nothin..
Great way to celebrate Opening Day Eve !! What are we enjoying tonight?
If you're curious is now in session, follow them for updates & full links now.
I'm like the wolf woman, my bad side comes out at night.
I have enjoyed my time in Charleston SC...I wish I was into #genealogy back when I lived here years ago...this place is rich in history..
Richard & Linda Thompson - Wall Of Death - 05:11 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Strop walked the leadoff hitter he faced and let him score last inning
is there a good blog or site based in Chicago with marketing, events, and fashion internship openings posted?
I would die if u said happy birthday to mee!! (:
Great ride last night and it was fun talking. Thanks to you and for your support to #Carmel and
We really needed this prior to a huge full-class group project last summer. So useful!
Amazes me that people who have the ability to get it done simply don't and those who want to get it done never get a chance.
RETWEET IF U SOMETIMES WRITE REETWET INSTEAD OF RETWEET...I DO THT A LOT:P
I'm living Mofo life
Wow im so tired lol
At the baby doc with -- We just heard our baby's heartbeat!! So cool!
Nice! RT : Orphan Film Symposium 2012 recipients of the Helen Hill Award: Jo Dery & Jeanne Liotta.
#WorstGift got served divorce papers
"She likes Rush, the 3 Stooges, and beer? Hold on to her tightly!"
I look forward to taking on the path with you.
WE WATCHED THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA IN SECOND BLOCK!!!!!!!!!!!
Spotify executive: We are continuously investing in #mobile!
I've never been to Cali
"Reno is the Austin, TX of Nevada"
Recalling my days at #ROC’s WVOR 100 in the early ’90s… It seemed like every request in ’92 was for #Whitney’s “I Will Always Love You”
Hahah aww! & okay, bring whatever snack you`d like!
Special thanks to for following us on Twitter. We're honored sir.
Been a fan of since '89 #minorexaggeration BUT since the #standup show & saw him 4 my bday years ago..
": Everyone Follow , he's the coolest, handsomest, smartest person I've ever met!!!!!!! (so not kidding!)"
No the Lamy roller ball.
Felling great about the choices I made, just sad that people were hurt in the process.. #lifesucks sometimes :(
I dunno but iys got somethin to do wit my kindle they suck
Speaker silver says governor and his admin "have inherited this crisis."
thanks for the link! just beautiful.
Birds of a feather tonight!
Long Beach, CA for the evening ..
Yeah I wanna dance with somebody, with somebody who's not dead.
Sunday, Sunday, Sunday please don't turn into Monday.
what is muscle max's tweet name?
Even if Sarah Palin is sincere in her condolences (BIG if) her violent rhetoric cancels it out.
can't wait for lizard lick to come back on in June so I can be living that lick life :-)
Maybe checking in at Disneyland has lost its luster?
Hitting the gym..
Today was on 4 radio stations and taught a college class- I earned my money and my 2 upcoming vacations.
Do your homework: check a non profits 9-90s to see how they're funding themselves
#YouKnowLifeIsGreatWhen... 150 years ago you find out that your own worst enemy was shot by his own troops. (He later died.)
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY!!!! Woohoo :)
"The less you read about #homeopathy, the more you understand it."
#GoTribe The All-Star ballot is out? Looks like it is time to blindly vote for every Indian I can
how tough was that class this morning ? I could only watch...had 2 hours in already and that class looked difficult!!!!
I think it is scheduled to arrive today.
i just realized i think my mom is gonna love Avengers!
I need some People to text right now! Lol hmu if you wanna text dm or something
I just found out something that is making me really upset. I don't know if I can do much more work today :-/
the way the grinch says "loathe entirely" >>>>
Download the WNA/AP Convention app
RT : Hey Colts fans, I know today is a sad day for you... But just remind yourselves that at least you're not Vikings fans.
she is adorable!
Thanks Mark.
Rinsing your fingers under water for 2 seconds does not count as washing your hands
in JULY
Inbound links are a vote of trust/online recommendations via
.....at this second, there is a teenage boy somewhere out there, just for her, slumped low at his desk, tapping his foot,....
Devouring Scandinavian mysteries lately...can't get enough of em, it seems
Waco , Maryland and then Europe going to be a busy month
good call
Today is National Banana Cream Pie Day
Bro you rocked the show! Kudos!
Here's teh potential pbounce on $ABOT! Could have found suport at .01 and could rally back another 20% again off of it!
And that's all she wrote folks... End of one stage and Monday starts another! Weekend first to enjoy...
making my way downtown, walking fast.
I have 1 more question lolol if I follow u from my personal account, can I tweet u the pic from that account instead???(:
I did, thank you! Saw one son, Skyped the other. I'm a lucky gal.
I know she has MILLIONS of ppl tweeting her all the day .. oh weel she will follow me some day :] #ILLNEVERSTOPBELIEVING !!
cold, cold mountain deluge now. is charmed.
the Korean BBQ tacos, the pork buns, and the Creme Brûlée Cart (obviously!). Have fun! cc:
I pledge allegiance to
Looking forward to going to Frederick tomorrow, but not getting up at 5:30!
"Break a leg, y'all!" to the cast and crew of ACT 1's THE MEMORANDUM, which we understand is opening tonight. Have a great run!
It&#39;s Not Just for Boys: Girls Are Into Math and Science Too
Must be watching "Blood and Bone"RT : Next time to get the notion to fuck with me.......... DON'T
Welcome new members & Happy B-Day 2 all..
oh, and i thank you for having great grammar :) haha
yes, I'm ok. Yes, "bad", not good. I'm sore for sure. And car is completely totaled. But I walked away so...
Tomorrow, will be selling Homecoming tickets in the CONFERENCE ROOM across the main office. Listen to the PA for updates
Thanks :) It got better, but wow! What a strange day.
No new listings today, sorry. After catching up with ILF and ISL I spent time working on my master lists. Will have new listings tomorrow!
#JustRememberThat I wake up and go to sleep with you on my mind. Good or bad.
Happy Mother's Day!!!
Raw was OK, I thought last weeks TNA impact was better. WWE is just disappointment after disappointment
- I think the cute bear tips the scales. Aliens still come across as a teenage thing and not geared twds the 6 year olds..
What's Frenchie cryin about? He got the CALL! STFU, Parker.
yes! Or ? First Cinco de mayo #downtownmiami festival:)
I'm glad to say the Society of Early Americanists is now on Twitter: , thanks to &
Support T - w - i - tt - i - tt only takes 3 keys google takes 4 keys
Check out this year's logo! Looking forward to celebrating our 25th anniversary with YOU!
Hello, friend! Thanks for the shout out last #FF! Sorry I missed it but I'll remember you this coming #FF! Hope you are well!
he is an Aussie with an accent I do believe
will do :)
I will be watching and good luck.
I can't see her as anyone other than Janet From Another Planet, LOL!!
Just checked out your website and very interested to learn more!
happy thanksgiving to you too
People still coming in,about 50 at fan gear, was supposed to start 10 mins ago
Family Style Meat Lasagna is almost as good as 's Lasagna, but her's still rains supreme.
Rainy days make me sleepy.
Thank God for Scott Walker!
ACO Paulette agrees to notify Sandy Wyatt of adoptable animals at Nottoway Animal Shelter.
Lunching in Beverly Hills with Kerri Newell today of www.CantDateWithoutIt.com - check her out!!
haha I'm not talking about you mackenzie!
Who am I kidding, I like her too much.
yeah! didn't you get my email on Tuesday? :)
...AND YOU CAN BRING THE FAMILY! we will be having a special area just for the kids to enjoy. tickets coming soon!
Please play Ebony and Ivory his duet with Paul McCartney
Bromance alert 💏 RT : we're always watching the same shit lol
We are not meaningless.
Done recording "Hopes and Dreams" the single!!! About to put it up! RT this and spread the word!!
Theres a monkey jumping up & down, so wheres the pickles & condoms ?? Idk but juice soaks evenly across the turtles neck!
OHSAA Division II football playoffs: Tallmadge defense holds off New Philadelphia - Plain Dealer OHSAA Division II football playoffs: Tal
At the hawks game with watching dominate.
who are we talking about?! I secretly think its me?!?
plus, it's a wonderful reason to show up late for mla...
so happy you got it :)
My nigga don't lie!
You're just lime green jello and you won't admit it.
That would be my second guess, first is the direct payroll company. Always gotta know where the money is coming from. lol
well fine!!!
: aw i miss u too(: and yeah thats sounds nice(:
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me.
welcome to the wonderful world of Twitter!!
Thanks all you guys are the best. I'm really getting tired of this Len guy! #DWTS Get your vote on now!!!! Lol
Great advice! “: A webform is a conversation, not an interrogation. So it should be ordered logically #forms”
Meeting in the History Department to formalize my quals committee, followed by lunch with the McNair Scholars.
Held it in as long as I could, but can all the dudes who rolled eyes at me n october when I told em Kansas would b n th Final plz speak up!?
Yeah! We always liked writer.ly better!
Listening to a cd I made in 2010. I listened to techno mostly.
I'm stuck in a post-apocalyptic rut at the moment. I often browse goodreads.com to get inspiration.
I am the deciding factor <3
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 72
That's not true. RT Portland's defense is always terrible.
is so musically creative!! #TheVoice! Ugh tough choice, but as long as one the guys wins I'll be happy!
Girl bend dat Dere for me.
lmfao hugs!!!! It's okay I'll be back soon!!! I'll be your strength
FINE! #adj/verb
Happy Birthday!!!
how is your eye sight? I thought I was gonna end up blind when poked my eyeball
I was just asking the same thing. I'm waiting for him to do a napoleon dance with it.
oh it is ==>Head Game Amazing Lmfao
Impressed by the fresh design of Grid Lens, a beautiful new camera app by Cute flourishes everywhere.
Thank god for Burts bees
i wanna see is d-9 worth seeing?
It's time to crash some DC par-tays hehehe
Melissa thanks for the RT.
Chris brown!! Lmao
thank you =)
Can't get over how awesome GaGa bow turned out!
A wise choice. Although wait...you've started co-writing YA books, haven't you? Game. Still. On.
thank you for your joy and humor.
lol I was literally listening to torn right as u started tweeting about it! #coincidence?
Congrats to & for graduating college today! Love you both!
Mooresville...where a car crash is the topic of the whole schools day
QUESTION: Which do you prefer; A lot of money or a lot of friends?" Conducting a pole. Please comment your answer. Thx a bunch! :-)
Sounds good! Looking forward to it. Actually, I can be the same way too.
I'd never take his love for granted again. Ppl stupid
Have been thinking a lot lately about community & sense of belonging. Complicated for expats. Where do you feel you belong?
happy valentine's day! will you be my valentine? <3
“: Instead of 'LOL', Why don't you try LOLWKASF? "Laughing Out Loud While Keeping A Straight Face"”
i want to know how long you make it through that movie
if Ron is a retro-player I might be a retro-publicist, did you catch him on Conan? LOL
oh damn i see :/ there should be a prom in college lol so ppl could make up for it haha. Yeah i had to make up 74 hours :'(
Oh lord, calm down gayboys. This is a restaurant not a walkway.
Been at work since 6am and can't believe how much work can accumulate in one day.
i can't even do this right. Maybe I should just full on SMcide.
A rare diagreement says Ishagawa is starting at first if Gamel is down for a length of time. I say its Corey Hart evenutally..
Who's playing the #Cowboys on #Thanksgiving? USSportspages.com
Ending my night by hearing your voice >>>>>>>>
Someone help me cure my crabby
I haven't actually clammed since moving to the west coast. No explanation. I used to in Rhode Island.
Thank you :) For some reason, a bunch of my tweets are missing, so wasn't sure if you saw it- is that common with Twitter?
are u going to do a concert in maryland or DC
Anyone in Chicago want to ride to Key West?
Love me some Randi Rhodes! Always telling it like it is!
I meet him on Saturday may 12 , and you will meet him someday ! {:
Thanks for sharing the video!
yeah, was kinda a weird way to compare it. Just a huge win for West Ham, Hammers are back
sparklyrebel98 would greatly appreciate a hello :) she thinks your adorable
Tis great news ! Yes..
:( will you be in Indy this weekend you know you're always welcome.
Ah - the folks that R tough 2 shop 4 R no fun arnd Xmas. U search & search 4 that perfect gift. Plan early is the solution eh?
I seriously want to know if there are any big rapture festivities being put on by churches - I'd be there in a heart beat!
I have nothing to wear tomorrow. Time for monday-bumday!
Huge roar from the crowd as storms onto the field!
Can I watch The Hangover before bed?
its not Luke its gets cold down there haha
Great review....looking forward to hearing it.....
here's a poem for the letterpress: "letters (em dash) little ants working in a row (period)."
Tweeting while riding my bike. what a hazard
Yikes! That is scary ... Be safe!
I just died.
Thank you to Tracy Dempsey for her blissful treats and wonderful presentation!
I'm for it! Bomb Libyan airfields to save Libyan people.
Ya know, it really stinks someone already has a twitter in my name. I had to freakin add an extra letter to my name to get me a Twitter...
Is your company #hiring in #ROC? We can help fill open positions w/ high qualified candidates. Participate in our Career Fair on 5/16!
me too! I want the Ford fiesta. :D
I done gave you the sign, you just wouldn't read it now you feelin' like Keyshia Cole and "You Should've Cheated"
Just returned from Everest and Annapurna base camps. Finished article for another mag on Annapurna. Everest next. Interested?
Ed served several years as senior practice leader in Arthur Young's (Ernst & Young) Southwest Strategic Management Consulting Practice.
The Brewers are like the CW right now. They love drama.
Works for me!
“: who dey?! Could there b any less energy in st louis? Lol” it's miserable there!
Everyone seems to think British people are “posh” were not posh? Are we?
Got home safe & sound. Everyone driving home from #BASHH be safe. It's a bit damp ish out there. ;o)
Thank you! Have a great day! Hope you guys (or girls) are well. DC in May for #AIA2012?
Thanks for following b4 we asked :) Hope all is great on the West coast!
Yay! maybe we'll be a little better. :p
and tonight will be #9!!:)
You have no idea how much I like you, how much you make me smile, how much I love talking to you, or how much I wish you were mine.
Why does every bone in my body hurt?!
We have some great video from a viewer of conditions at local pet stores that were raided yesterday with animals confiscated... on News8
I loved Water Joe in college, I was always hyper and hydrated :)
that's the same thing all the guys on Maury say! Lol
seems unsanitary. Slash like you could just buy a mold for that.
oh okay, text me!
Woke up this morning feeling highly favored and truly blessed. Being a child of God and part of #teamtallgirls can do that to you. :)
If u can't support yourself then u need to quit doing the shit.
I tried blood meal but then had to battle an possum from my porch. I'll try the pepper spray.
LATE. This is definitely a CP
LAX--> RNO--> Squaw Valley
I feel bars around the domed building are probably crazy busy tonight. Wish I could check them out.
No disrespect to Fish, but the Lakers are a COMPLETELY different team with Ramon Sessions, 15-0 SCORING RUN IN LAST 4 MINUTES GO LAKERS!!!!!
Hi! 50.000 Belgium is equal to $50,000 USA. Some countries use period instead of comma. Just fyi :)
who is the song a million bucks abouut?!(:
hey it was just a thought. My forearms look awesome right now anyway, so quit your hating lol
Thank you for the heads-up!
can't wait til u perform on so random
RT : Snarkiness promotes creativity? Duh. "The incongruent info inherent in sarcasm appears 2 stimulate complex thinking"...
RIP Maurice Sendak
what's bro I'm good man, what's with you?
she's ridiculous! It has nothing to do with Christine it's all about her. Pathetic
Go UMass! There are few things in the world better than beating Temple! One step closer to going dancing!
Why can't I see my timeline?!?
I still love my , but had her moment this year. I am waiting for the day they make a song together! :)
Low today? 28. High? 63. Really Atlanta?
Hope I get hired some were and stay away from fools.
Harold Melvin & The Blue Notes - Where Are All My Friends (w/ Teddy Pendergrass) - 08:16 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Couldn't watch #BGC reunion last night but u did tape it TIME TO CATCH UP RIGHT NOW. THIS BETTER BE GOOD LOL
absolutely agree w/ your statement! Both parties full of corruption. Almost too much 2 overcome. Looking carefully Libertarian party
RT : I don't really understand Google+ yet, but if it helps kill Facebook then I 100% support it. #fb | Invite greatly desired :)
I'm at Electric Daisy Carnival watching Tiesto!
Another successful Advocacy Day has ended. Thanks to everyone who came to DC to make their voices heard on Capitol Hill!
Bahahaha this is awesome!
That video is hilarious...
Lmfaoooooo went in on THIRSTY follow me and I'll be sure to follow you back!
Party people San Diego! DJ All Night
RT When I had no temple I made/ My voice my temple. I have/ No priest, my tongue is my choir. ~Robert Pinsky
It's already here! Lets get the word out and wake up the world!
I was looking at a different position (metadata librarian), but that looks awesome too!
love the lem reference
Getting excited
Nah, after all, they only have to pay me at a mid level librarian salary.
The end is my favorite. Such a crescendo. :)
my mommy loved the flowers i got her :3
“: Thank you all so much for the Award!! I am truly honored.”
Why are people so obsessed with getting as many followers as possible on Twitter/Instagram?!
Looks like Jef Fisher will be rams next coach
some directionaters were on fox news that are going to the tampa concert so im gonna punch them.
The awkward moment when you walk into the bathroom and see urinals O.o
volleyball tryouts two days :) yes!.
you're my future abs idiot
Are you embarrassed??? You should be, you're on Embarrassed Tactics
Thanks Sy, that was dope!
Will Larry Merchant interview Mayweather tonight?
Seriously...RT: Daylight savings time you owe me an hour of sleep
thanks for doing it!!! I love you HUGS!!!!
RT : 3 tickets left for Opening Day! $90ea & you can join our Tailgating Party! Contact for details!
My moms cooking and that shit smells banging !!!!!
Tired as hell. English...not tonight.
I'm just going to go ahead and unlike Free People. I can't stand their products.
Trying to find some awesome hikes in Banff...headed there in less than two months.
David Swanson talks about his new book "When the World Outlawed War" on Wednesday evening, Nov. 16th, at 7 PM.
Is every cabbie required to play NPR?
whoa! very cool.
just remember it's a labor of love :)
Maybe it's hypocritical to say this as someone who works on a computer all day, but it scares me how attached folks are to their electronics
You're invited to 'Paella
#TateRousey Hurry up
": freshmen fball player for Pitt ok I see u murph....can I get an autograph? " G Ton you know i got you!
:o zayn cheated. On me ;(
I need more followers
Yeah for sure gonna go home and take a long ass nap
#beardown the Barbarian!
Excuse me if your gonna talk to my cousin , you have to get through me first (:<
I'm trying to go in unspoiled! Yet expecting best true comic book movie experience yet!
I think it's almost time for a trip to San francisco. Anyone have ample room on their couch?
Can we make getting remarried unconstitutional? It's unbiblical too.
It is how you show up at the showdown that counts. -Homer Norton
Why? Did she ask for it back?
He just knows Golden State is his last chance for a job....
if you wanted to fix this.. youd be sitting here with me right now.
Oh, It's National Margarita Day? Looks like Lent won't be so bad after all. ;-}
LOVE it! RT “: Per Geraldo, I also think men in NYC should avoid wearing suits lest they be mistaken for Wall St crooks”
follow me please, i love you, :)
Currently listening to: AT RISK TEEN - Smash and Grab on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
hey Doug, did you have the opportunity to meet with Aj? sounds like y'all are having a 'BLAST' :D ~~~~rich
Wasr10 or s&w mp15? I just don't know which to get
How helpful of them to point that out. Jeezum.
that's one guy we have been talking about in the media room, personally I think that would be a great hire
Usher is that guy bruh !
I'm in Boston today doing a training program for attorneys! Thanks for having me!
Maybe he deserves the world »•D'Maree•« !! I Lovee That Boy :))
I have a bunch of 3.5in floppies. I hope I got anything I needed off them because.... yeah. I have a zip drive!!
nice one
oh yeah, Happy Birthday #mybadgiiiirlll (:
Feeling so sick today... A trip to Urgent Care may be in my future...
Haha my dog loves showers because he starts running all over the house like crazy after a shower lol
Wordpress 3.2 released and ready for update. Its faster, lighter and has a revamped admin area. Make sure you take a moment to update.
Please ask us about the Kerastase treatment that seals in the color!
I sense a little sarcasm in your tweet? I will try not to burn day 1 just for you #sungod #baby oil
Thanks Fred! Have a terrific rest of the day! RT :
You gonna add the new stuff when I post it? ;)... <3
Cheesesteak foodtruck in Venice called 'South Philly Experience'
may I have a follow back please?
i know my room is a mess but I've had no time to clean it. I'm stressed enough, I don't need spiders and ants crawling in it.
What exactly is the point of twitter? :D
Morning Mindbender Answer: 52% of women can't go a day without "sending a 'risque text' message.
