what up boys! I know great wedding video crew here in the chi if that's what your friend needed. let me know
RT A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops ~ Henry Adams
#FF A bunch of jerks
Law school? Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer today from 10am- noon @ Flagler College’s Kenan Plaza on the West Lawn.
when it comes 2 shows such as Malibu country how do they pick the cast?? Was this written 4 u?? IT SOUNDS PERFECT 4 U!! LUV YA :)
So cool to have a store created just for people like me! Yay.
#NFB sexy ass thick ass :)
Who Da Fuck...is go take they Moms to Hooters for Mother's Day? Some Commercials Be Bullshit...
You should do what you want and dont let people tell you otherwise
Oww, my back
I can feel the muscles in my neck and shoulders tightening up
me to!
I need some food in my life...NOW!
CP3 is so clutch!
I'm bored and dude I woke up and I have no idea where my brother is. His phone and his glasses are still here:0
I wish i was over you .. </3
someone is clipping their fingernails in the library
Congratulations to all of the Augusta, GA area alumni who graduated on Sunday!
yeah! I wanna booty pop w/ him :D hahah
text me, i got a new phone and lost my numbers and im in atown
when does he say that. And how many times are you going to watch that movie.
Eagle bound....
Why thank you very much!
RT : Shift your diet to local. Just getting even 10% of your food locally supports your local economy.
#iDONTSUPPORT schools removing art programs
I'm done bein nice. Ima start lettin go when I sense some animosity
You always see the prettiest girls likeing the ugliest guys &&' they're just using them -__-
... I gave into it at starbucks... And McDonalds today... What has come.of me!?
Enjoying vacay in NY, yes that was me break dancing at the DJ SPINNA soul train party. Dont let glam dress fool u b-girl4life!
Come volunteer on May 12 to help us ! Call 305-637-6711 for more info
Sorry for Party Rocking in NYC with
Very jealous!
i wanna meet my cousin Ashley tisdale.
This time I read it and felt endearing appellation endless
What are some of the most common symptoms you see in ADHD?
Classic Kobe presser after the game last night. Reporter: "Can you guard them as a team?" Kobe "(blank stare)...No."
Coming out of my tree at the summons of to follow - still faithful ;-)
RT : What's that thing that's like Photoshop except way easier to use and it's for real life? Oh yeah, vodka. (via )
She say money make me cum I say money made u dumb!!!
Saw Don Cheadle at Subway, told him I was a fan and he yelled 'Just because I'm black doesn't make me Don Cheadle you racist motherfucker'
i fuckin love your mom! she's so hilarious! :P
Me too!! I feel "whelmed" right now! haha
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!😏
hells yea im right
are you saying I am not good enough for Wye Oak?
hhaha! Thanks! Funny part is I usually don't drink beer. So I ate like 10 tacos ;)
Be prepared. It's coming.
"Stop in the name of duck" - the Supremes
Hi, how are you today?
yes, you know it? sailed down here?
lmaoo that shit was gone after he passed the stop sign
buNK aS fUCK!!
wow 6am is early oh well
I think that was the worst I've ever done on the fcat..
Process > Result ... if you properly focus on the process not the product, then the end result will take care of itself.
I wish the #coffee was waiting for me to drink right when I woke up. Oh yeah...that happens when I'm not lazy and set the auto brew.
Lots of orders coming in... if you are interested in ordering a quilt as a holiday gift, it's best to get your name in EARLY!
you don't have to tel me that :P
Happy #WW nothing yet but the day will improve later
YES made it into the top 13!!!! So excited!!!!
coOl Lol :P
So who's gonna still be a MAHOMIE in 30 years?? I am!! This isn't no child fandom !!
No lime?
Just stubbed my toe on a concrete stair. bloody stair jumped out of nowhere. and i was wearing flip flop sandals.
yh I did
following for News4 RT:“: At the #dctrayvonrally at least 5K strong out here. Great turnout and great speakers.”
So we're headed to the studio on Friday! Who is excited?!
Bahaha! Yeah buddy. I miss our Boyz tweeting so bad. Waahhh! ):
Yea bitch
Tonight was amazing <3 i'm seriously gonna miss those seniors aloot :)
yess country! I want a cowboy :((((
white man can jump
thanks for the FF last week! :)
Tweeted this earlier, but I'd say: Frazier, D.Thomas, Zeller, Burke & Paul. #Badgers Berggren/Evans & Mbakwe just miss
Bad Brains is the way to enlightenment
Haha i've been yelling CaDOOgan at the TV all game.
URGENT!! 's dog escaped from the house-if u see a tan greyhound loose in Hillcrest area please let her know. Please RT
Can't stop listening to the GLEE Regionals soundtrack!!
At this point I'd prefer Jessica win cuz there hasn't been a girl in awhile and I think Phillip will go the way of the last fe ...
At Country Springs with my loves Liyah & others!!! Having a freaking Blast:-)
camping out in Santa Barbara
For each sector, we offer several different sector-specific courses
dude me and Mercedes effin miss u:)
Golf of Tonkin Resolution.
Aww Thank you for Understanding <3
Att: Randy Barone... worked with you in Detroit (WXYZ) early 80s - Barbara Warshaw Kenig (Baby Dell) says hi!
Since it's also 's birthday please note whether your delivery of hookers & blow is a b-day gift or selection bribe.
: Give thanks for the mention of "Cry to Me." I hope some readers will discover my story thru your paper.
The Musical of Musicals (The Musical!) Begins 8/27/09 Pay-What-You-Can Preview tonight, Aug. 27 at 8:00pm. 1201 N.Royal St. Alexandria, VA
Yup definitely got issues waking up in the morning craving
Candle-lit soak in the tub=amazing.
nice to meet ya!
I will take a summer-like first day of Spring anyday!
Judging student websites for the Chicago Metro History fair. First year digital projects are included in the competition! These are great!
How can those who are wheelchair bound participate in a standing vote?
Damn , yins are only in 1st period .. lol glad I stayed home .
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic, and so am I
I never understood why IE is so slow, unstable and a cpu hog. Shouldn't it have a huge advantage being directly integrated into OS?
My nephew just said my name! Never thought it could sound so sweet 😃
thanks for the RT AFF. Happy Mothers Day out to you!
Poetics measures the difference between a socket and a hinge.
lets make a knocker this year girl! get the studio time and we will make a classic
Gladys Huber just cant catch a break.
This border patrol agent protects our borders but crosses the line.
so long gayboyyyyy
me please i luv nick
"where im from the dope boyz is the rock starzz but they cant cop cars without seeing cop cars"
#brewers pre-game starting on the radio! Get the brooms out! Sweep the #cubs!
Everyone should! So we can laugh, shoot, and be merry!
My brother is freaking out right now.
It is not the horse that draws the cart, but the oats | Proverb
“: “: Sometimes being still is the BIGGEST move U can make for God!””
remember when you first made your YouTube video with Robert? Well I do 💚 I will alway support you Alex (:
let's terrrr it up next month.....aka I'll be home baby :)
If Xmen had the same elements of action as the Avengers it would be a lot better
Someone explain to me what authors love about the name "Beatrice"
Putting together Saturday night's V-Day bash at Hooligan's.. got speed dating, truth or dare affair, & spin the bottle so far.. got ideas?
we're chugging along, what's going on in your world?
Im starting to realize I really have noone, the people I thought I knew n coukld trust were just pretending, theyre just like the rest </3
Glen Campbell gets a pass, he can play a guitar and probably has used an axe on a tree before.
If you want someone to listen with your heart, talk with your eyes ♥
Worth it: RT : CPT: Time, History and Memory exhibition featuring the Suburbia series: The Gallatin Galleries NYU. Feb 6, 2012
To hear somebody say it stops hurting or to hear somebody say she ain't worth it
Help us make your day! Enter to win a #FREEPIZZA by texting FacebookPJ. Normal messaging rates apply.
Thanks for checking in and using ! That Hillsboro Figaro's Mayor Deal is no joke, right? ;-)
#BESTOFTHEBEST Comedy show this Sunday @ Starlight Ballroom tix r moving fast hmu $30 each free soulfood
Stay safe mi amigos
dude that video was hot!! #RIPAngel <\3
Me too!!!! It's just not right being on set without you...which is why you should come to Portland!
"And on the 8th day God created whatever animal the McRib is made from." - today's SundayReview cartoon by Brian McFadden
awesome! Beautiful day, enjoy!
These niggas look like live 2006 free throws
fuckin Siri. You hear me bitch? I said to not fuckin forget to remind me to put that sucka on ice. SIRI YOU FUCKIN BITCH.
Underground tonight at 8pm . Wild Wesley Dance at 10pm. See ya there
Im Doing great!!!! Anything new Happening?
#20ThingsAboutMe: Every time I ride a dirtbike, I always fall atleast once
figured I'd wear capris today
:Take Romney less than 3 hours to make income in a year.
stop.. Stop right now!!!!! Jk jk but dam
slow nigt @ Smiles, bit still smiling! :)
I believe the one that hasn't had it longer. Thnx for the follow.
bulling is not right. then why do it well that person is just messed up some were.
you mean not giving a fawk girl!
yea so i couldnt sleep until four <-Kelsey xoxo>
" I saw a fat lady with a "M.O.B." Tattoo on her arm. I asked "Money over bitches?" She said "No, McDonalds over Burger King.""
Big congrats to Drew and Brittany Breeze on the birth of Bowen!!
gotta ask dude y dont u have a twitter app for ur phone lol
Ironically, Bravo's newly renamed "Modern Girls" will have nothing to do with Modernism. Or art.
Goodbye Time Warner.
Someone left a blue starbucks cup at the contest Sunday and I will bring it to Saturday practice.
Congrats to for winning the first-ever Distinguished Research Partner Award
Every man got a right to decide his own destiny
Thank you.
Just curious. You ever do Lady Gaga? :-)
somebody need to
no!:O
I can't wait for the All Star Game/Home Run Derby. It'll be great to see a real sport again after all this World Cup shit.
on my way home an I need to pee so badly!!!!!!
Woohoo! Thanks John. Looking forward to your tweets. :)
Happy birthday !
Liaison for the win!
just bought my little brothers some clothes from 77 Kids.
Dude keeps walking people but yet Rolen swings at a 2-0 pitch. Bruce swings at crap and now Hanigan swings at the first pitch! #WTF!
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
follow me hoe
Happy Birthday!
#FF Thank you for the follow:)
When did every person on facebook get so religious?
Dont wait for things to feel "right" in your life to worship.Worship God even when it hurts.With all you are, wherever you are,today.
get your WMC withdrawals taken care of right now! Some deep techno on Bassment Sessions!
Thank you sweetheart. I'm good. How are you?
I'm forced to watch games EVERY DAY, the playoffs are the worst
So really...??? Mfs arguing over childish ass bullshit ehh, eeyyy okay thats fine,Imma put a end to it all
yup wow im proud of u
and ur different from the other girls. Man im glad i could find you and im really glad i could come to this school and meet u
ohaii!:)I just wanted to say hey and that i hope you and alex stay together for a very LONG time :D
Suggestions for All-in or fold Tourneys: Higher blinds and antes from start (skip 4 levels or so). To tight from start if not
Yeah my legs are going to be bruised up for prom. Oh the things I do for soccer :O
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing moms out there! Ily :*
PhotoRadar van on Stone btw Ft Lowell & Roger. Watch your speed! Did you know we accept all major credit cards? Call 520-798-1111 for a ride
I guess I can make an exception and follow 1 UK fan...
Opening night
Tonight! , performing 930pm. $5. Last day of my Bday celebration! I need you there!
Met one of my heroes today and he turns out to be a completely awesome person in real life!
Did you know that scalp does regenerate?! The cycle of hair growth happens every 28 days! Happy Friday!
what are you saying? Did you get a job??
I need a freak....
I live to please. ;)
believe me your #MorningDevotion hit me in the throat because everything you said was true!
Involving chocolate! RT : Hit 75K on my WIP this afternoon. Thinking that deserves some kind of reward!
This is there story, all except for Alex, because Alex does not want to be recognized as a monkey killer.
first of all I never said basic rights, it was someone else, but I agree with it. 2nd, cursing at politicians is funny?
Last day of St. Henry tomorrow.
Another prediction, the Rally Monkey will still be terrible.
last night may have been a crash and burn but that's not going to stop me from having a chill as fuck summer.
I might stay til Sat but then take an early flight out. If I can get a red-eye, I might stay until Sat night.
Pinot Noir At 3AM Is The Truth....Don't Let Anybody Tell You Different...
Get down to Lunar/Launch tonight - I will be DJing downstairs and my PIC will be upstairs!
Come on into Safari Cup...we're full of it..
I have to get up at 4 in the morning to set up for a stupid garage sale
BRING YOUR GREEN HAT
Conway creates healthy lifestyle infrastructure
You have to follow me before I can answer your DM. Oh Twitter rules.......
The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which means never losing your enthusiasm
So I did contact customer service & haven't heard back. Am shocked.
Good luck to all the Sacramentans running #BostonMarathon today!
My head is pounding!!! 😖
Yea your right F dat! Ha RT : Your smarter then that ": I should hit the Casino Huh"
I love you so much!! Please follow me<33
holy fuck you dirty horn dog. I'm sure if that rows your boat!
Tomb: EMPTY! JESUS CHRIST: RISEN & ALIVE! I can only imagine what it was like on Resurrection morning 2,000 yrs ago. Happy Easter.
the homie lol, you get them knee cap implants yet?
Full requirements + agile.... middle road... you must be thinking of "fragile" development. ;-)
looks like littleton closed, some serious ish is about to go down lol
How can I tell if I play too much BF3? Are losing my job and neglecting personal hygiene clues or is that normal?
Best Movies say last 10 yrs.? For Comedies,Borat,action/drama The Departed,The Town,Mystery,Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. What do you think?
Yep meet at church around 5?
SCREAMING NO SCHOOL FOR ME TODAY....
Just saw "For Colored Girls". Tyler Perry did an amazing job!
#BBN where is a good place in #CAtlanta to eat dinner??
you never wanna have a real conversation with me
Love it!! I've seen him before but don't know. This is the best though. And I found that he goes up against Mac Lethal!!
that's beautiful. Priceless. :)
That's what's up! Thanks for the support, more dope shit coming this year!
-- this isn't an invitational or some classic event. Leave it on campus.
Thanks for the warm welcome and we'd love to have you over soon!
Dude.. This weather!!! It so dark in my room that I thought I set my alarm wrong.
Therefore, I have arrived at the conclusion that a nasty, impatient person reveals a narcissistic, selfish outlook on life.....
bon iver is endearingly awkward here. i think it's great.
I know! I am so sorry!
Follow My New Page :)
your in AZ! we need to grab a drink! I love camelback and I'm supposed to go next weekend to hike it!
you're welcome!
So tired off all these people retweeting the SAME OLD fuckin quotes. Be original !
we love you no matter what happens wanna know y cuz were a family!
yes he is hes speaking up about bullying and people tweet him to tell him that they showed people his song
hey follow me back lol if you want lol
AAAAHHHHHHHHH I KNOW IM SO EXCITEDD IM GOING TO HAVE A BLAST!! whats really bugging me tho is that we wont sleep alot:((
... any other singers? Lol
i procrastinate way too much. this is a problem
What are you talking about?
How can I meet cha! RT Keisha!! “: "I'm ridin round wit that Nina" ”
I'm sure it will be riveting.
Mrs. Henderson can suck it.
It's written all over tour face. You don't have to say a word.
I preached this sermon to da world. over 5yrs ago. I have always addressed em as Summer Teams.
3 explosions in Kabul by Taliban just hours after Pres Obama leaves; doesn't say much for our operational security
Who has taken acting classes in Central FL & loved it? I narrowed my search down to 2 faves but would love anyone's personal experience!
Don't cheat.
I Recognize more crowd members at the #lakers game than I do the #mavs! #SignsYouDontLiveInTXAnymore :(
This loss is much easier knowing the Canucks are done too
is packed, complimentary drinks up-stairs! 21+
: Retweet this message for a chance to win a Tron-themed PS3 prize pack including Tron controllers & Tron: Evolution
Rise n Grind! Check out At www.whoistrillogy.com #GetWithIt. If you don't no you need to!
"Dey say mane just keep it real.. I said I been doing det"
...or the bride of frankenstein.
One of my supporters created a page on Facebook requesting that friends sign up as supporters of Jean Monestime the politician.That is Nice.
follow our two new members! and !! Via
Drinking in class... The class period before a test.... Not one of my grandest ideas..
Why don't you get GREAT at being single, meet someone exceptional, and be AWESOME in a relationship?
Thank for the follow DJ!
Da BULLS! Have a great weekend.
So many people not wanting to go into another winter w/o a standby generator, especially if this year is anything like last year's winter.
who knew the MLB season started today?
Good work
lol. Of course. I'm trying to progress
CONGRATS to Wanda Ewing & Kenny Lewis' new radio show! Enjoyed being in such an awesome worship atmosphere! WHO ELSE WAS THERE?
Could you post a pic of tonight's set list at ? You guys were AMAZING! Can't wait for the new album!!
Oh thank you! I'm just not sure when I should expect to see how much I was awarded. It's probably too early?
If Vegetarians eat vegetables, then what do Humanitarians eat?
did we go in a time machine? #MadonaSuperBowl #StarWars Ads... what the hell?
Soo my rubber bands on my braces are Red right now, but i gotta change them soon so what color should i get???
I smell feet.
haha! I still can't believe I'm seeing FATS again :')
star wars *.* .. but i cant really concentrade on it..
we totally cant wait to be able to come out that way! #soon :D hopefully.
Why is it that when I leave earlier for work it takes me longer to get there?
We got an advanced screening of 's Jesse Owens! They were really great with the kids.
Money orders are a massive pain in my ass!
brrrrrrr please don't make me get outta bed!
RT : I wanna rock my riding' boots and see-through mesh tank tops!!! LOL! <- Love It -
Tabatas? Whoa, I just DuckDuckGo'd it. That looks intense!
Blue Coat - US company that has profited from blocking web traffic from Syria (hardware limiting proxying, Facebook, etc.)
me too, haha. It's solid...in rotation hard
First day of work today! Nervous but excited! :)
Summer TV Guide: 20 Social Shows to See
OH WELL YOUR BABY IS FINE. watch wen i chow this to him. lololol
Still can't believe Philly pulled an 'Inside Man' on Boston. Their 1st quarter was like watching 'Hoosiers'
WI #statefair waiting to see better than
Samantha Brown is THE BEST!
Building With
I should have walked, would have been faster. Took the Circulator. If I'd have had flats on, I would've walked!
Great point. Consumers can't drive HC competition so long as insurance controls access.
Tis the season for Public schools to be starting back up- is there any school that has excess funding? Any with more $/child than last year
Someone give me a good beer to try that I can find in Maryland!
thanksgiving+free food= free loaders lol
thanks for the follow Fam!!
Yes, both full and free reports have public sharing URLs. To access that in free reports, you'll need a free account.
Whoa, what a nice offer! I definitely will. (And LOL to autocorrect.)
Wednesday I will be such a mope since my mom won't let me see ugh
i enjoy reading ur news. keep it up.
thank you love..
oh yeah...i forgot. Where do you live again. Yeah i fell asleep on you! Lol sry
On the bright side, the Garden just played that Duck Sauce song you get cised for.
I'll never love again ..
At Dana for Barnett's press conference.
Foggy morning out in Berkeley.
Not trying to rub it in - there are people on Twitter from all over the world, and Dell is a global company. Coming to the US soon.
I miss my bestfriend. :(
M! RT : don't forget the food truck that will be in the main alleyway! Po'boys, jambalaya, sweet potato fries
Matt thinks Patrick killed Lisa...ha!
could not handle mill fest! He was asleep by 11! Your too old to hang with the young cats!
great news can't wait to hear about it!
You're never too small to make a big contribution, and never too big to make a small one
mom and I will be watching that. she is a fan of the show and you being in it is just iceing!!!
If you want to be strong like the bull, then don't eat the bull. Eat what the bull eats. <~Wisdom from the owner of Mr. Natural Restaurant.
Movie time with
I always miss those certain tweet numbers. Just missed 8,000 >.>
I think I watch KKTNY just for , he's so funny! lmao
sushi too! I hope my appetite restores itself ASAP!!
No, the tent is in my pants!
Yes, stay tuned
#Salvadorenas know what men like! #KeepItUp RT : Cleaning houses is not kool :/
I was there also! Agree abt the Machine.
Ah. That makes more sense, then. Is that what the (somewhat cryptic) #140MTL hashtag identifies?
wish i could my lips on that!!!!
Snack Stacy’s Simply Naked Bagel Chips, Wholly Wholesome Chocolate Chip Cookie, ½ Cookie (I couldn't resist, I went for the half cookie!!)
:: Does Happy Dance :: Awww snap! it's on! Texts on deck 24/7! GET READY! Lol :D
Good day so far!
Thanks and It's great to have fans! Off to a friend's holiday party, of course with brownies.
Election Day in WI (again), Special Elections in 60th, 83rd and 94th today Assembly Districts to fill vacancies created by appointments.
KG is just destroying people out here!
Get that first win tonight! I'll be in the fieldhouse on Saturday to watch you guys tie it up!
Love it -- much more appropriate!
Happy Birthday To The King Of Pop. I Love You Michael!
Done w the spanish subtitles for the Latin American press junket w/ SNM talent!! Can't wait for its release!
Finally opening Christmas presents!
who u calling bitch!?!
IT'S GAMEDAY YO, WE NEVER SNOOZE
Congratulations to Barbara Hauer from Mentor Public Library in Ohio on winning the Kindle 3G in our give-away!
It's not having been in the dark house, but having left it that counts. -Theodore Roosevelt
Amazing weather day: when shorts are an option, rather than a requirement.
yup. That's how I felt too! Do you still need rec's?
RT : RT : #casesmc Mobile is social. Where we are located, and what we are doing there? What do we do while we wait?
it depends on what u thnkn '
THAT'S WHAT I ASKED
Seriously. I am fit to be tied, you guys. #Beat LA
ty most in my country are nice not all but most we have good & bad in every culture & i know & respect that
Yea Fam Do That
3 15-year-old Woodburn High students will be charged w/arson. Arrainment in moments
nah she was a cunt-bitch cumdumpster
Have the courage to follow ur heart & intuition. They already know what u truly want to become Everything else is secondary! Steve Jobs
I'm hot ass hell wtf
it's scary how I was just singing that same like.. ._.
the tutu or typo’d possessive pronouns? I was born & bred in Berkeley, CA; men in tights don’t phase me [winking emoticon]
one beautiful woman you are! :-)
cont. and I'm working on two films right now so I'll let you know when I have slots open for other projects
wanna sleep but i'm hungry 
SAT word of the day: buttress (v.) to support, hold up
thanks. We should hang out sometime next week if you are free.
Always direct ur thoughts toward relationship with Jesus not religion. A filtered mind keeps an atmosphere for unhindered relationship w/God
oh yes. I'm a vet tech now so there are lots of strange, gross things in my daily life.
Change before you have to. -Jack Welch
I hate you.
what happened at sk8asylum when you were in Phoenix
all systems go! Lmaooo
~WHEN THE RIGHTEOUS ARE IN AUTHORITY,THE PEOPLE REJOICE:BUT WHEN THE WICKED BEARETH RULE, THE PEOPLE MOURN. OBAMA 2012
I was at Revolution last week. Happy First Day of Spring...sucka
finally found an app a decent app to track our keywords...checking it out this week. thanks!
well we played like garbage today n still competitive, can't hold T Law down all series, game on
hey, have you checked us out? We're new to Vegas, moved here from Florida! Our new ep is up for free download on our page! :))
Packing for Cancun. Does anyone have any fond memories of Cancun?
Migration is complete - let us know if you experience any issues
Just got the last H. Potter, Captain America, The Hangover 2! The latest Sons of Anarchy too. Gonna be a good day.
Aha Thanks:)
yes I did!! Hahah. Are we friends on Facebook? Cause I think I might remember you if I'm thinking of the right person
You know when your life seems pretty good but then something comes in and is so great that all those "good" times before suck now?
Sounds fun! DM me about it, and I can check my schedule! Plus I've sung with Kristin C!
Wow I just noticed I have 93 followers! 😊
Taught 4.5 hours of visual resources (research) for Drama 100....happy that their library assignment counted for 5% of their final grade.
Congrats on your soon-to-be-opening!
Got to hug all my lovely friends before they walked across the big stage and out into the world!
Good morning!
Good luck to #ChiMarathon runners on Sunday & thx to all 200 volunteers who'll be at aid station 15, mile 20 - stop by & say hi!
Those are some slick lookin' gift cards!
yea i think was doing something.
No :( RT : Did you exercise today?
Getting a RT from in under a minute #MadeMyNight =)
You're beautiful just the way you are!
on the plane
omfg today in english this guy had a ghost tracker and the red dot means it's strong and their were two of them lmfao it was so funny tho.
lmao “ TBerg has won this day MT tough guy Hamels listens to Lifehouse loves Twilight & carries his dog in a bag”
yeah there is.. They nice tho. Lol
Just heard a report from Shanghai on ... Always nice to hear him on the air!
at first i thought this was going to turn into a lawyer & a locksmith joke! ...two lawyers walk into a bar...
Bbq with no bbq
Quote from : "So are you making the bluescreen (error) include a QR Code?"
a price worth paying
those are the three we see most activity but blogs and videos have even more advantages
Work VPN sucks, got dropped 3 times in a matter of minutes. Guess it is telling me I need to take a break.
1/3 of this drink & I was feeling it. What is wrong with me!? Lmao 😣
amazing article!!
at library in portwashingon, waiting for 4 hrs till dance starts (y) .
Planet Earth looks blue and there's nothing I can do...
The best album I've ever heard. :)
": RaoulFOX5 are you watching the game?" u know it. #Purple&Gold
Scott and Allison :(
Never had a chance to use PlanetTran? Well nows your chance at 50% off! Use promo code TWITTER2010 when booking
That news of yours was 100 century months old. This is 2012 and not 2006. A great loss, may her soul rest in peace.
Raj can totally be my party planner!!
Just bought 2 more pairs of kicks. 27 pairs and counting!
Re: #zapposCoupons, Is the repeated copy intentional or error? I get the marketing aspect, but at a loss for the implementation.
Flying to San Jose soon for PayPal Innovate 09, hoping to meet people interested in new monetization models, esp. API monetization of course
And now for my favorite part of a new semester: writing course deadlines in my planner.
Haha, I like that! RT aww You just have extra room in your bank account :-P
is watching the fights, and I'm attempting to entertain myself bc I don't care about any of these matches lol
Researching/ reading about #culturaldistricts -- send ideas my way (anywhere around the world) Thanks!
Thanks for mentioning the article, Brian; it's much appreciated! Let me know if I can ever help you.
Life is the flower for which love is the honey
Stop by and say hello ! What I Love About America www.rickeyleewatson.com Time for Change , cd baby Itunes, napster, Lala, Rhapsody
we should make a twitter for hannah montana
I have an app like that, it's called doing actual exhaust work
liar. It opens at 4.
Autistic LIS people: my friend wants to discuss librarianship and ASD with you.
It should be! Are you still wanting to try and figure out a hotel out? I'm driving down this year so I'll have a car.
I do not feel to do my test it is hard I really want you to follow me OMG I was about 2 get in trouble..
your from brazil right????
I wanna go back to Australia.....
Nagging is as bad for your relationship as infidelity
double play
DESIGN TRENDS IN YOUR HOME #1 "Graphic Modern" strong print statements, one or two colors. polka dots, florals on a grand scale.
I'm online!:)x
Love workout activities that are disguised as fun. Can't wait for dance class tonight with !
More like "I pity the fool..." RT : When James Harden shoots free throws, I wonder if he's humming, "Oh my............"
thx for the tip
thanks for the tweet!
People with many interests live, not only longest, but happiest. George Matthew Allen
if you are looking for a good way to get your twitter life going in the right direction --> literally follow
RT : RT is covering AAS using Twitter, webcasts and a blog. Any other coverage?
Do you follow ? From the UK, looks like c/b good resource for you.
the good news is that we'll still be here when you get back! First stop:
Hey now, hey now
God.. That's gonna blow!
Sorry baby. I got to go. i love you <3
Tonight I made ginger-oat cookies, feta walnut dip, and vegetable pate. Suck it, Martha.
So why is there a missing sign up of my cousin & they are stil looking for him , but i just hung with him !?
lol I couldn't date a bisexual
Gotta Be You is trending woo
you to
No bueno. How are u doin? U coming out tonight? RT hey guy BFF... Lol
Not a proving ground, an example how Liberlaism will ruin a state. Illegals still make up a large portion of the pop in Cali.
I just checked-in at Frazer John Florist of Stars in MyTown2.
Don't let stress build up and take you down. I needa vacation, for real.
Waking up to good mornings like this almost makes me forget about you
confused - thought it was AHML in the picture
Can't see why so many 'straight' Talkingheads are pushing the President on Gay Marriage. Trying to defeat him?
Atlanta... Here i come!
So, how was CC?
The 30 for 30 on Westhead will take you back.
4 me a change 4 him is he could stop hanging out with selena
woohoo. Gonna introduce #nsta12 to the
i'm thankful 4 my Chiro mentors 2day. I saw a patient that couldn't sit, stand or walk in2 the office. He was able to walk out. :)
A successful man us one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
hey! Purchased a new printer that turned out terrible. I remembered you suggested hp cp3525. Is registration exact or off?
I am asking them to adopt me!
Help, help we're overrun with magnets, & they're destroying America! Let's make the US a shithole & no one will ever come here!
reason 6 is finally complete, with record and everything. do you use 5 or 4 now? upgrades were pay what you want last year!
One step closer to the dream
Theres only ONE number you need FOR ALL your business telecoms requirements: 0844 880 2010. Globalnet Telecom
. Go ahead and order me one of those martinis and I'll see you there before long.
RT : Whatever #Capricorn values -- college degrees, money, or good looks -- their partner must possess it.
CAN'T WAIT FOR ARIANA'S ALBUMS ♥
City Atty Goldsmith objects 2 motion 2 let victim of cop sexual assault to go by "Jane Roe".Why not just re-rape her?
Coming up on the What does #Super #Tuesday really mean for the candidates? Tune in.
you see me like everyday..
We love eggs for breakfast! Pair it with some fresh fruit or whole wheat toast and it is the perfect morning meal!
Retweet this if yu LOVE YUR FANS!!! because we support everything yu do and love yu no matter what! Yur so inspiring to me and othersIFLY 4
dark chocolate almond granola, I am your bitch.
RT : RT : **cries because tomorrow's Monday**
Stomach punched again! Still proud of the effort. Get em next game. RT : FINAL: Rugers 65, #DePaul 64.
Portland Police: Occupy Portland folks calling on reinforcement, stock-piling weapons.
Maybe some #RandomShoutouts tomorrow just for old memories! You guys are awesome
Check out CommunityTableRestaurant on Facebook, I just posted some new pics from my meal at Inaki's le chateaubriand. Crazy good meal.
New post: Good Writing Tip #1: Knowledge or Ideas
Toshiba Set to Excite the Tablet Market with New 10-, 13- and 7.7-Inch Tablets - MarketWatch (press release)
hell yeah! I cant wait man... I'll probably come on up a day early so we need to something that night
u should drink vitamins !!! haha ....
I really thought game development was a charitable cause.
Worth a shot
#thatawkwardmoment when your neighbor writes you a letter asking you on a date. Hey, I'll take it.
Happy Birthday Too My 2nd Baby Marcus Bennett (:
The only way I get alone time is if I lock myself in my closet.
Only Apple could unilaterally reverse how scrolling works and get away with it. (It does feel much more natural...)
Thx for the follow. Look forward to reading ur tweets!
i want a basset hound SO MUCH. resisting submitting the adoption application...
omg me too!!!
Happy Fourth of July! What are you doing to celebrate?
Don't we all just love homework?
Teacher: Can you tell me something important that didn't exist 100 years ago ?Pupil: Me !
My life sucks! can you cheer me up? Plz
yes we should hahahaha like on fb or what?
Just caught up on the #correspondentsdinner. is hilarious!
Well said. RT : Thankfully baseball resets itself every day
Giant PayPal button. Done. MT : I'm considering creating a web site to demonstrate how messed up America's political system is...
When i wake up and see Nika sleeping>>>>>
christian. lets party.
im so beat from practice
thanks for following babe !(:
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
Work killed me today! I'm fucking exhausted!
Nothing like seeing the sun rise on an insomniac run.
Good Night everyone :)
Aint bout money you aint talking about nothing/ let's talk money, let's talk about something/
All day! RT : Drop Love Not Bombs <3
is contemplating what it would be like to cover Queen's "Bohemian Rhapsody". Not impossible, but it'd have to be done perfect.
Shout out to #Eng9. Stop by to visit any time!
Hollywood and the mall oh ant the store lol
I find myself missing ROTHMC more and more with each passing year.
A6: It depends on the drivers, because the drivers of cloud determine cloud investment
Lost my glasses ;(
TRAFFIC TWEET
Okay we won't say anything. All I will say is to be ready to scream :) Good luck on your audition
I'm bringing the funky bunch with me.
3rd volleyball tournament in the last 6 days! I need a break
I know you don't but it's nice to have one
relocation? You haven't even met everyone at -this-location yet!
☼ Blaze with the fire that is never extinguished. Luisa Sigea
OH NO... Let me check into that...
I can't wait for you guys to say 'grab' in the Haitian accent b/c it always comes out as 'grap'
Whats good J? This is J Notez showin love, i have few questions, do you have an email ? get at me
You ain't wrong.
“: Berklee people everywhere in this joint. We'zz taking over the world. ” / Yes!
hey wassup how u been
This crazy bitch on Wife Swap eats only raw meat. No thank you.
Ball so hard muthrfuckers wana fine me...
Mostly I respect as the business woman of the #dash stores. I would die to to buying at
#69Factsaboutme 62. I always listen to music.
Texas Dems on the run ended when one caved and made a deal with the Reps
and I also ask about how they self-soothed or were rewarded as kids, and it usually wasn't food.
Thanks for the follow back! love to connect with RVA!
STFU, Alex. RT Alex Ferguson says Man City have bought the title. Starting City team = £161m. Starting United team = £169m
Bakers always does me clean
You need to come to #Columbus!
listening to red hot chili peppers got a big test tomorrow
party party party
True talent can't be hindered by who or what it is associated with. True talent shines throughout any circumstance.
so glad to hear that
Congrats to for winning our dinner for 4 from our #WineRev giveaway! Please check out our Facebook page to claim your prize.
Paradox that the social and political defeats of #JimCrow produced a vibrant literary, cultural, and religious response by African Americans
When u have feelings for someone you look into their eyes...if they don't mean anything, you just simply look at them
At David & Becky house wit the fam spending quality time & having dinner.
got it!
Know someone who wants more info about joining PRD? Have them email and come to the open skate tomorrow at 6pm!
Cassidy, thanks so much. Let me know when a good time is. All my best, Matthew
Holly fangirls too much
I hate st. patrick's day and living in chicago isn't making it any better
"Humor is the affectionate communication of insight." - Leo Rosten (via )
ok I admit ,when the power and cell phones went down I thought is it the crazies from ...fill in the blank
They always do...
Down by the track having a beer
cry with me bby.
Spend at least one night a year in the honeymoon suite of a hotel or inn.
a doubling penny is ~ $5M or ~$10 million at the end of the month, so if you live more than a month, a doubling penny always wins
My beef: Module was named "foo", became "foo2" for 2.0 release, but changed back to "foo" almost immediately. No release since.
: yes but I don't think u understand why we are where we are.
Had some body work done & they put my colon in the wrong place! Funny
RT : Proving the naysayers wrong can give the motivation to succeed, Tim Storm of FatWallet said at
Is THAT what it takes to grow taller?! ;)
hopefully soon !
This game makes me love Chicago more than I already do.
"If you want to enter this amazing industry of dance, you need Passion, Drive, and Commitment. -
Just had THE BEST pistachio frozen yogurt ! Yummy.
: Thank for the follow!
boo, are you sick?
#IAlwaysWonderIf I look as disgusting to you as I do to myself. :/
oh my gosh it's crazy that about 2 years ago I was standing right there now you are. I love you,and hope I meet you someday<3
Okay quick break from this project/studying...this OKC game is getting INTENSE!!
RT Please follow me :)
Love is ecstasy and agony. Freedom and imprisonment. Belonging and loneliness. It is what keeps us together when life tears us apart.
Night twitter <3
I just realized my facebook and twitter were connected anymore. I guess the twitter world has been missing out
Me not loving music, is like not having Asian problems....
Okay already tired of cleaning! Lol! Headed to a crepe cafe:). Ever tried a crepe before?
Love those Shamrocks!!!
check it out...
We're trying to get info out as fast as possible, but we know we're slow. +
Jon Stewart, FYI, Archivists with Masters Degrees receive training with alphanumeric cataloging and data buckets.
Did you just get my email!?
Headed to London in less than 24 hours!
#IWantSomebody but I don't just want somebody though.. I want you
How many scholarships does a team need to get a decent kicker?
I hate leaving the house when my son wants to play w/ me, but it's awesome getting to see him wave goodbye. Makes me excited to come back.
We took an L. Good game though.
you did ? Woaah haha I'm having some really gay drama. Lol(:
...are we old enough to go clubbing at pizza hut yet cause i really wanna
im out
I told my two year old sister i have hiccups and she got me a glass of water
“: is literally the greatest person ever and this is Manuela tweeting this” thxx means a lot
At least I have to make my stomach feel better.
had :-) a great time last night at Tricky Bizness studio. Thanks for looking out Seantre!!!!! lets go
que bella en el video, ganaras! ;)
thanks for following
EL OH EL
Dude, I'm doing that RIGHT NOW!
Avengers!!! Phone is off. Be advised, and
My favorite day of the year....
I <3 ! I don't even need CNN or FOX. He delivers all the news stories I need to know about.
Charanga Habanera at Cocomos tomorrow! I'll post photos on the website and www.lpmusic.com
The water show at the Georgetown Waterfront Park is back on in the evenings.
RT : I hate it when my mom stands behind the computer while im looking at pics or a video then ask "who is that?"-_- serious ...
I just said thanks for understanding and I'll do it every two weeks .
Girls!!! I finally got my triad necklace!!!!!! This is an epic day! *runs and flails happily*
Wow its beem seven months since I've been on here
You mean that little voice inside never goes away?! : ) I hope you had a blast and congratulations...it looks like fun!
Also might try and Both are good actor sites that let you set up a free basic profile.
#nowplaying Dirty Picture
tweet me:)
One of the lemon seeds sprouted. I know it's not the right season to grow them here.. Just wondering if it would! 7 years until it fruits!
Uploading My Day Yesterday (Christmas) Video to vimeo and flickr.
wishing I was going to Rock on the Range but I'm seeing Shinedown and Godsmack at the WMMR BBQ sunday
super 8 was filmed just up the road from where I live my wife and I watched it Friday it was very good : )
Ok... I'll RT yours and also ask her... :-D
An ice cream truck was parked 10 feet from my office window this afternoon.
An Angeleno's most critical decision off the plane is In-N-Out or sushi.
Can't imagine anything better than making beautiful ppl feel more beautiful at Skintastic..quote from Dr.Adelglass
Hi Mr. Army Medic! :) Yeah, I've been focused on it since early February. I feel really good!
CAUTION: surprisingly we were charged FULL ticket price at #Princeton Cinema the other day despite...
EarthLink Business Announces Three IT Services Product Bundles
The Marquette 22 will sport the Boathouse jerseys this weekend at Stevens Point and again the following weekend @ home vs Whitewater
Can't sleep so I'm off to the gym!
we should go for a wine pairing dinner sometime! I had the Risotto Lollipops the first time I was there - very tasty.
help me by having other people follow me i could use the support
boeing told their employees not to come but work thru their homes.
If Nash took a paycut & joined with the Heat...that would be sick. Definite Championship caliber. #HaveToWait&See
Hot and spicy or sweet and mild?
Baking today? What mixing technique gently combines a heavy ingredient into a light, airy mixture?
Is there a spotify playlist?
CDC clears Delta flight from Detroit after suspected case of monkeypox ruled out - Detroit Free Press
#FF The one and the only
hooray! yeah I'd love to get some climbing in, do you know of any gyms/good outdoor spots in the Vegas area?
Looking forward to it!
smart kid.
Love a #lifestyle special vacation 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
me too!! :0) I also make really good dark chocolate cherry fudge!
Tell us your story idea about collecting for the 2/25 American Craft Council show @ the Convention Center.
I need an ear!
:) My bro.played the drums for u like 2 weekends ago at his church?
I think the Packers should be allowed to play with an extra DB to help them catch up.
Cause baby tonight, your doo rags got me fallin in love again
Fuse is hungry for lunch. Pad Thai anyone? Maybe just a Teriyaki burger plz!
16 hours later finally in Hilton Head. What a joke. Thanks United!
"We some money hungry wolves / & we down to eat the rich!"- too true.
babysitting my niece :)
I also think that the slash in estimate for the Marcellus shale gas reserves is politically motivated.
Stacey Aldrich - would like a visual map of players / Amy Rudersdorf - more like water skiiers pyramid
Inter-planetary regulations prohibited the jettison of raw garbage into space. It had to be compacted first.
Ranked 260 in the world RT : lol guy with BEST clan tag...
mi tell yuh him name
do you work today!?
Looking forward to seeing your faces on April 2nd at the August Wilson Monologue Competition #AWMC in Pittsburgh. Free Admission!
No, sir, going to
Get me out of this fuckkkkingggg car!!!!!!
Shit i just knew i wasnt going to be able to go to one of the bulls play off games.. Soo pissed cause my mama went to the first game
well played. Just know that when Charles gets hurt again, I'll be KC's workhorse.
hate sleeping alone
Hahahaha anytime girl!!!:D
If anyone is good at algebra 2 and is willing to help, wanna skype? I need a tutor session:P Haha
I'm from Memphis but I don't know where The Toy Store is
Well...Her other favorite thing to do is grab the dog by the ear and press her face into Cabo's neck. Cabo loves it too.
i think some certain youtubers need to grow up and stop talking shit about me on facebook. :)
Uncanny Tanney: YouTube sensation gets shot with Buffalo Bills ...
#Palko is trying to compete with #Brady for most passes to the #Patriots tonight
When did "being a grown up" become synonymous with looking perpetually bored?
Did You Know? Low lutein levels is a risk factor for developing an age-related eye condition called 'Macular Degeneration'
RT loves to go to the dentist -cause he hangs out in our when he's done right Biebs?
come on now, look at the basketball elite 8 list. It has it's share of mainstays.
my pink lady says hi :-)
Always feel so fly after a trip to Hong Kong. Shout out to the steady hands at Grand Tailor in HK...
You're welcome, great article and so very true!
R.I.P Josh</3. You Will Be Missed Dearly D':
Miami is in dea
What did I do to these potatoes to make them turn gray? They taste great but you have to close your eyes when you eat them.
i been #gone 2 lond true or false rite or #wrong lol
My brother made an advert for morrissons with FREDDIE FLINTOF in it xx
The full list is too long for tweets, that's for sure. Skyrim, Batman: Arkham City, Battlefield 3, COD: MW3.
: Let's license & regulate online #poker in the Garden State! Please back S 1565.
And our patios open! Free of Irish regalia and green beer!
Just ate some sweet n sour shrimp from Lai Thai...damn Thai food is good!
At a park. I'm watching teens talk and play with their friends. Lucky bastards!
I will take a player who had to power run block in #SEC over a #Big12 player in the spread offense any day.
Look at us being working women!
Yeah totally! How did the season 3 EP1 go?
indeed there was! AND YES YOU IS DON'T LIE!!
If you really think about it, every girl sells their vagina. If your dating a guy and he always pays then your selling your shit
going to*
sounds dark.
Calorie free bucket of extra crispy thighs. RT I'm going to KFC, does anybody want anything?
Or Japan. :D
he has good numbers against feliz
When I played against Anthony Davis in 7th grade I had no idea he would be this good. I thought he was weak... Lol now I'm his biggest fan!
I PIERCED the TOAST! I need a pirin tablet.
don't confuse my attitude with my personality my personality is who I am my attitude depends on who you are
virtuoso: a musician with very high morals. (We know some)
that 6pm-11pm at the maritime hotel's cabanas.
Lmfao my teacher called herself being salty. Boohoo, sad story.
Love a #nudist discount getaway $100 per night visit us
It's a rainy day in Trinidad. Here to run my mouth:)
Hmm I think love is best when its not a necessity makes u appreciate it more ": "We all need somebody 2 love" #anthem"
Aww! I bet you tell that to all of the L.A. crime film followers. ;-)
Wish I could make it for #ypunderground I'm never in A2 anymore. I have a good excuse!
Love you, sis.
just started on Fez. really enjoying it. Then back to ME3 MP for me as well :)
": me! (:" cool cool we going see what's up
That's mostly the reason I came! I saw every animal. Haven't been to the zoo in years. It was really fun!
Braving a blizzard for my first NFL game!
95 comeback against Arkansas would've been my favorite would be mine, watching Rhodes after the game took away the excitement
Welppp.... Game is cancelled again, most likely. I wanna move....
Both work and class canceled today. Getting stuff done.
Girl Scouts have just posted up in the basement of Meiling Hall selling cookies, it's a feeding frenzy right now!
Thank you to all of our happy customers out there writing reviews! We appreciate the support!
Geez, did the OH Turnpike tolls get bumped up or something?
come get a drink with me
Bout to go grocery shopping.
good price too!
That was #dmchallenge2--I'm bad with hashtags.
#ImThankfulToJohnCenaBecause he taught me to never back down never quit! I have never quit and I never will
Ok this movie is gonna have to wait.. I'm starving.. And I need to shower
"I travel light. I think the most important thing is to be in a good mood and enjoy life, wherever you are." - Diane von Furstenberg
HEY BALTIMORE I AM GUILTY OF ROBOCALL: MAKING CALLS IN MY ROBE.
Griffin Foods shoot day 2.
It would be so awesome if gave us a shout out!!
Today was the perfect day. Until I got on the bus headed for the other side of town...
if you would seriously consider making one for me, I'd fund it...you can even use our kitchen.
No snarky comment this time, just shaking my head... RT : #wheniwasakid everything was more easier
hahaha, but BOTH of them? I'm worried I'll shrivel up!
great to meet you too! Looking forward to talking soon.
that g+ / muppets spot made me never want to grow up. and still never use g+.
Wish I could spend the day chillin' with !
I cant decide if that's the best or worst plot twist ever....
Instructing Core Synergy class at 📢💪
Don't forget if you're heading out to the game tomorrow it's a white out. Wear white!
All the world is Hogwarts. Get a stage!
what it is chief!!!?? how are you mang?
Walked through the woods, got lost, saw a broken up house, it got dark here, scared to death, ran as fast as I could back home...
my bro got a "hilarious" misogynistic xmas card (i yelled about it) and i cancelled my FB account
Good for McFly :)
mine too. You can just give me a couple wins though! Happy Birthday to your daughter!
Lmfao Sike. Never asked for a nude
do Olympic curlers have a coach??
"Nobody made themselves diabetic by eating sweet potatoes, berries and parsnips. This is food." ~Dallas Hartwig
Double YAY!!! I don't got to run 2day!!!
LMAO but I am the original Prototype & ever since, they've been attempting to make others to make the world a better place!
Too much PBR. Too much pizza. Drowsy...
I'm not so thats good for me!
Thank you to our latest followers:
#CSS (aka Training Associates Press) provides training tools which enhance the participants awareness about the communicating styles
Thank You Mr. Jim...! So Excited To See What God Is Going To Do Through Our Ministers & #WorldPrintingPress!
They always say that when a girl likes you, they throw gum in your hair (or bite at your ankles as the case may be).
hahah wait what does the first one mean
Quick non-soccer tweet. Has anyone read Divergent by Veronica Roth? Is it any good? If not, any books I should read?
made a green screen wall... was cool. little harder than I thought.
What, the fact that I wrote a negative review, or the fact that the food truck sucks?
I have done this very thing. "Am I wearing pants right now? Yes. OK. We're good."
#Rangers into the eastern conf finals. Home ice advantage for 7! #blueshirtsunited here we go
I am so thrilled you chose me to be your babies godmother (father). I won't disappoint! Love you and Nicki!
GONNA SMOKE SUM DRO,EAT SUM TURKEY & WATCH DA COWBOYS...
So tired but my throat hurts so bad
Fuck my foot! Seriously heal already and get on my fucking level
The Huffpost app just randomly started auto playing videos and music-LOUD. This is a HORRIBLE idea. I want to READ the news.
Entering notes into Kutub->HandBooks->Education. There is so much that needs entering. And then math, I need to transcribe math. MathML?
"What's that sound?" "Oh crap, we left the cats in the refrigerator.."
#Pandora til my eyes close.. Good night
"In another world, another life I'd still belong to you" </3 ... Cheryl cole<3
Saw tonight for the first time in forever!!
Check out ASG president ethics tomorrow in Star opinions section. It's a glorious day to be a Bobcat.
Dog: Bark! Me: Bark! Dog: Bark Bark! Me: OMG... I speak dog.
it said something about some say bad stuff about us?? then a link
The sun is trying to peek out! Happy Saturday. Coffee run at Beverly hills!
The President is dead cause they blew up his head
Thanks for the follow! Paul in Nevada
glad could find me for you. Hope you're doing well. Thought about you on #FNO. Fun times last year.
RT : Tomorrow night's show with Bull Dancer & , All Ages, Pay what you want, drink, stomp, and ...
LOST DOGS ALERT! These long hair doxies have been missing since July from the Ft. Ben area. Owners are still heartbroken....
So's everyone else. Mars needs designers!
What are the chances I see and/or at this Hit Squad show tonight??
Never again
#arentutiredof this heat?! like seriously i cant even go outside without being soo hot <3
Must. Focus. On. Work. #Yankees #Rangers #MLB very bad for productivity!!!
#ThingsINeed just one more chance to play volleyball before my surgery
r u a demi fan? read this blog by a fan about being strong &getting through bulling www.stopbullyingnoww.blogspot.com AMAZING
It was fab to see you at #Fosterly today! Mentors unite :)
Sanity is a luxury not meant for everyone.
oh thanks!
Phew, casting for our 2 web series is over! Twas a long, long weekend but we have 2 great casts we are very excited about!
What did the papa ghost say to the baby ghost. Fasten your sheet belt.
how long before we can declare Marc Gasol is better than Pau? Would that be a fair trade? Lakers & Grizzlies
Surfing Niall- Louis, how long do you think till their batteries die out? Louis- I dont know... I just wish you were Harry :(
Thanks all.
Glad to be through with my caffeine withdrawal
Now booking cam shows, custom clips, photos, bras and panties for sale! Hit me up! ;)
no one is saying that it wasn't the right play, the case is that he was decided to pass fron the beginning, he gets $ to take it
Yardsale @ clark high school. There selling whole bunch of girl stuff so go check it out!
just found out u won't do bf tag and I def. applaud for it. you are very classy and plus steves already famous!
me I do ill return the favor
I need to find a new vet for my dog, 2 surgeries and her leg is still not fixed.
I received a nice phone call from you last night!
How are you? Bravo on all your fine work!
MT : Proud to be part of congressional foster youth caucus, bipartisan group that promotes welfare of youth in care
Can it be May yet?
Flirting with myself in the mirror is the closest thing to romance I get these days.
Awww, Ill start up again soon, been super busy shooting !! RT : I miss seeing your tweets :)
If shots are on deck!! Haha🍻👌
yeah..and that 18 miles was 'nothing'!! #patyourselfonthebackgirl :-)
If I could sing& , , & ceelow turned there chairs to me Idk who'd I choose there all great
White House scrapping Islam references in terror training guide. Just more Obama thought control for the ignorant masses.
S/o to our followers that's been ridin with us since the beginning
Every nite The Dirty Joke Show gets funner &funner. That wd make 2nite's show the funnest 1 so far. Come on out. 10 p.m.
Also, apparently no one noteworthy has been born on this day since 1995 according to !
thanks a lot!
You always were a big shredder. Don't forget the oil every 30pgs or so
Good point.
What's all this I hear about the Fastest Esther?
u got em wit u
A jerk who doesn't have a Lombardi Trophy.
It's up to you New York, New York!
And the best video of the year goes to
#FF What a sweetie. RT : 5%, you greedy little pig. I've never seen such greed!
Guys like you aren't relationships, your my exercise
I'm a ninja.. That's my job!
: I followed you but you didnt follow back.. :-(
hey follow me, be my bitchh(;
Note to presenters: always use the microphone. Respect hidden hearing differences
sure :) can I send mine later? Or will you be done by then? :/ I'm not home
Cardboard is the coolest thing evarrrrrr
really appreciate it man, i know you all have went thro a transition at the church so prayers ur way too. God Bless
might drink a little bit more than I should, tonight! F_ck WVU...Terps getting rowdy already!
Leadership - He who has never learned to obey cannot be a good commander.
Thank god there's always a tiny bit of body wash left in the bottle after you were sure it was empty last time.
That awkward moment when you take the train home with Kevin. Ha!
Hanging with my library peeps at TTRL's staff dev day
Tonight I will be heading into Boston to see - Drinking Gin and Limeade and wearing my web design hat.
it's SATURDAY morning!! Can we SLEEP in!?! DAMN! especially when I'm not feeling 100%
we're all hanging out son , I miss you both 😚💜
T-Minus 2 weeks, 3 days until the Grand Cru is ready for Memorial Day weekend consumption.
Now is that unfortunate time in the day when pants must be put on.
thank you, so sorry once again... we have followed the proper steps and alerted the twitter folks.
Hey guys! Details will be released soon once we get 500 'likes' for Amurica Fest, so please spread the word!
Poor buddy, yesterday when i came home he ran up to me in my yard and jumped into my arms and decided to jump off and hit himself jaw first
I miss performing. Really hope we book another gig soon and I hope Max decides to stay in the band!
Obama on the DREAM Act: We should stop punishing innocent young people for the .actions of their parents.
Oh. New series of
Thanks to a crazy White Elephant gift exchange, my roommate and I are now proud owners of Samster the hamster.
It's morning and Friday. Beautiful combination.
RT : the ESPN strategy on NFL coverage is to have all their insiders report different things, so one of them will be right.
Its okay your going through the 5 steps of pain 1. ask urself y 2. cry 3. get pissed off 4.cry some more 5. turn into a fucking baby
you're hard cider
I have good friends with both. They both like them, my BMW 3 series has treated me very well
I prefer to for restaurant recommendations. Its better for finding similiar restaurants.
Hope everyone had a great weekend!!! Only 5 more days until the next one :)
is my favorite!... So there.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LOVE!
Now aren't you ashamed about what you said on New Year's Eve?
I know, me too, and I wrote it! I need to pay that truck a visit!
what a handsome bully 😉
Q: What's uglier...ghetto window bars on your first floor apartment or the blood spatter from a home invasion murder? A: It's a tie.
Bosch 281003096 Glow Plug Relay Bosch 281003096Discount- bosch relay wholesale
lol idk! Ugh can you see the stalker struck again at me?
Truth. MT :Part of growing up is not waiting in line at a hipster breakfast restaurant. Eggs taste the same across the street.
Need to talk to someone about a membership!
just Love on your career and it will love you back.
Enjoys some mid-70s al jarnow projected on a factory wall with numero group djs underneath
Grand Thief Auto, truly a beautiful game.
hahaha i know right? and no problem :)
RT For real can all the Lebron is better than Kobe talk stop now? Its not even close and I think the world is starting to see!
Twitter-poll: Did anyone actually see War Horse? Is that even a real movie?
There was this girl walking around school earlier saying YOLO every five seconds. I literally wanted to punch her in the face.
you got a new job? Cus you used to hate that job
Homie, did you really break out #TonyTerry? My man! Break out the original Blonde Streak.
#IBetSomebodyOnMyTL , is BROKE ; but stay swearing they got money ! (:
Jay Maisel is a god.
Yesterday= 2nd Wedding Anniversary= Awesome trip to the Apple store! A new 27" iMac & CS5! Torchy's Tacos to-go & a movie...A great day!
#schoolmemmories sitting in algebra and overhearing yell at her mom in croation hahahahahahaha
dormont pool has wireless. :)
Really? I was just at a rare bookstore it would have been cool to check. Wow re: in one sitting!
This class is boring me 😒
Ain't No Telling What We Doing Behind Close Doors !
i think that series drained them in every way
The internet has gave #LAMES a voice.
I'm gonna go to the Apple store. Gonna drool over a couple computers I can't buy right now. Days like these I wish Borders hadn't died.
Sports and Fitness Things
Fat ppl lose talent when they lose weight. See Oprah, Luther Vandross, Monique, Cedric The Entertainer, Fat Joe, etc....
c'mon, guys, BEYONCÉ MADE ONE OF THE BEST MUSIC VIDEOS OF ALL TIME>!>!!!
Patris est filius - He is his father's son
I love you!!!! Can't believe it's been almost 2 years!
hey I love water too especially freezing ass water
Richard I at BAM. Tremendous in all respects.
: White chocolate Kit Kats for breakfast
The worst song of all time is BY FAR Don Mclean's American Pie. Please. Drive the chevy off a cliff. That song sucks.
Never smoke #tea it gives you head acks
can I?
geez punk.!!!
The coldness, it overwhelms me.
very nice! i seem to be donking at the FT too lately, lol. must be a bug going around, lol.
“: love it! Keep creating dude RT : “: I thought I burned all those... ” haha. You silly” all day
Congrats and !! So happy for you two:)
Dope creatives need dope creatives! follow-find-like-check-chat
um no!
Good morning and happy #WW to you too!
How about a follow back? I featured you as a "Young Gun" on
Being a luddite is fine, as long as your drug dealer isn't one of them. It's like, adapt or die with that pager, dude.
Does that mean we can expect to see you here this summer? Hope so!!
definitely give me a second
Hi! Have a safe flight. Peace
China Internet stocks have been on the upswing of late, outperforming the S&P500 by a sizeable margin over the last month $DANG $SINA $RENN
I get up in the morning and think WWKW (what would Kate wear) to work today? applying it to my graduation wardrobe this wknd
hey tweeters :{) <3
RT : CONGRATS to the graduating class of 2012!!
Learn how you can help write a better future from leader
oh god that sounds amazing
ahh trust me..we are spaz-o's
#FF <3 I miss her already !
Minor detail.
WE GOT THE BLOCK ON LOCK !!! STOP SHAK N & STEP UP ! 10DEEP MOB ROCKSMITH ROGUE KIDROBOT IMKING WE KEEP AZ SEXXY.
Tip for blogging: Learn, learn, and learn. Successful blogs are all about educating their audiences, you need to keep educating yourself.
Need a street team to promote your event, grand opening or sale? does that!
that reminds me I was supposed to do one in April I think xD
never forget the crew or us mahomies:(
i loved that c-webb dunk over ohio state. u?
Can't sleep
screaming and running for cover - hide your kids and dogs!!! Oh wait a minute - the dogs would love sniffing thru that!
awww that's so cute ❤
: Who am I? I could manage the team better than you....from the bullpen..at least I'm awake during the games
Really? You think that is a BAD question to ask???
where have you gone dress shopping? E's graduation is next Saturday and I keep avoiding going out to look for my dress!
I need to spend time with my best friend. Its been a while.
Found out today that my sex drugs article for got selected for ' Best Sex Writing 2012 anthology
No pun intended? :)
Drat it all, I have things to do today that do not include playing #dubble - thanks,
Props to you! Nice...
For good health, your body must maintain a proper pH balance of fluids inside and around cells -- acid vs. alkaline.
I've always thought my ass marinated with jerk sauce in a 220 degree oven for 3 hours would be outstanding
Catch all the games you want today. Shit be cray.
.im FInally doing Laundry ..
Probably can stop right there RT Sen. Sessions on the floor, confusing
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
So tired
Wha - wha! The oil spill has been plugged and the financial regulation bill passed! Can it all be true?!?!
Dave Uejio: we are here because we are a family
Van Gogh should've cut his hand off because he was a chronic masturbator.
Guy Kawasaki and Robert Scoble are taking the stage #adtech (@ Keynote Presentation: Advertising in the Social Sphere- Deciphe...
Good morning tweets! A rainy day here in Nashville, TN but I'm blessed to see it!
You this read wrong.
#subtweet. I like it. :)
I knew I should have stayed home. Stupid key won't open stupid building door.
No one can make a bigger fool of you than you! No one can make fun of you better than you can
About to fall asleep in the computer chair waitin for 's ustream i must stay awake
New Version of ImageGear for .NET and Silverlight Released by Accusoft - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Keep up with the lastest events @ www.imaginarytalent.net
I totally agree! Solid, solid person. Makes me feel like I'm home.
That was...something. #JadedAsshole watching the
With the sweep over Bama the Bat Cats now have 41 wins this season, the 5th 40-win season in school history (1987, 1991, 2006, 2008, 2012)
Only if it's 1995 RT just compared me to Shania Twain. I guess that's a good thing?
DIY tip: Beware of oversurveying your audience!
Stay out of my shit & what I do. Fuckin' freaks.
Mary if you follow and you will get info on #cstweetups next one 5-29 McCabes 5-7
When you come home late, tap me on my shoulder, I'll roll over. Baby, I heard you
dude i'm worried about a MARATHON. let's talk ultras when I can make it through a mary without hating my life.
Did you ever see the movie 'consenting adults' with Kevin Kline and Kevin Spacey? If u did you wouldn't be singing that song!
“: Just pre ordered my Actually ordered two because they are so awesome! #FutureofGolf” Cheers, Michael!
MMA Girls! We were asked by HotTopicTelevision 2 reach out 2 our fans 4 a documentary. They r seeking fighters wives, girlfriends,ring girls
Its not even my birthday. But he wanna lick the icing off.
is currently addicted to La Dolce Vita Biscotti.
With enough hops, the difference between ale and lager is meaningless.
apple juice lop
Just had to air that dirty laundry, now back to work.
So I guess I joined Twitter...
Shocked to hear the Whitney news. Then, not so shocked. Best natl anthem of all time. She owned it.
Niners vs. Patriots at your pad!
fight with
I think I'm almost done
omg lets keep it going then!!!! hahaha
"We need 2 find an infrastructure 2 harness the good energy of people who want to make a difference." ~Geoffrey Canada THAT IS PANDO'S GOAL!
Our pleasure!
Spaz if you want to😝
I did! Seriously these effing boxes were tiny and weighed at least 75 pounds!
what was the hitler quote? DM me please?
You are welcome!! You were the one that waited for him at his hotel? :D
this is literally the best show ever
Hahaha we all have those days...
gross! Sorry, but it is really gross! Let's have a little respect here....
Didn't renew my membership to the gym, to many guys hounding me, I would rather work out @ home where it's more private.
Yes, the 49ers lost. Oh well. Moved on.
And thank you as well !
I know you met keone young he's friend with my dad can't wait for that episode :D
your face is cuter!
Make today count!! Take care o your body. Who else is going to do it for you!!
#Chrysler needs to remake the 300 commercial with the #hova song, with #NickFairley driving dirty.
20% is yours, dm me a good time to meet up.
Praying for Carly... I need my book buddy back.. You'll get through this girl.. You have to.. we all
I like this shot.
