Nanas talking my ear off /: lol
hee hee not this time at least :)
you sound like your sister.. yall some snacking ass ppl lmao..
Communism can only come when society is ready for it. It cannot be merely instituted. It must evolve, and will evolve.
I blame steeping myself in C++ this weekend. Why the fuck did I do that? I have a C++ hangover. I should write a Bloody Mary in JavaScript.
How many times will tiger go off at fans at the masters?
Thank you, Brett, for making the smart decision. I really believe Favre would have regretted it in the future if he played for the Vikings.
I just realized that Quadfest is this weekend. Have fun, Radford. Light something on fire and then pee on it, you know, for old time's sake
Haagen Dazs ice cream = best ice cream ever!!!
has anyone ever made lemon curd from scratch? I'm obsessed by the idea today for some reason.
From CCBH: Thank you 4 your beautiful tributes last night!
Oh that is dangerous!
far better than bandhs, losses, warnings to Andhra people in hyderabad, loss to industry and small businesses.
rise my followers up to 100 and the 100th follower ill tell all my followers to follow you.!!
Let's go #Packers!
More like iSuck
Pizza for breakfeast! :b
follow back GUH!!!
Good Morning! "To know the road ahead, ask those coming back"-Chinese Proverb Have a wonderful day!
It's official. WrestleMania 29 coming to MetLife Stadium in 2013. I wonder how will it impact future #sponsorship deals with #wwe. Big deal
All the insane women So passionate with their lack of trust they make it up with lust. and it don't make since until the drawers come off
Uh oh Damien, don't kill the coach! Ready, OK!
!!! RT : We are taking names & making lists! They messed w/ the wrong women!
not that much what was wrong with her
Pussies can't even tell me who they are when they text me.
We've got a new masseuse in the house! Heather is brilliant: call or email to make an appointment today.
Just saw and on TV. Awesome.
I expect a lot if they know what is good for them to do pro bono work and pick up a copy of street lawyer. You will have fun they
50 Lashes! LOL j/k looks like it's crawling back up again
wow...i need to get training on how to use twitter more effectively
i was hoping at least "why are we discussing this on a first date when i already told you i love Braun?" would clear it up
She was on Family Matters and now I am casting for her new Show one of the three I am casting for for the break down email me below email
Congrats to at large chas city council winners Mary Jean Davis Tom Lane Jerry Ware and Kasey Russell
What's making you feel like dancing today?
sounds like a sick line up.
*opens arms* you need a hug?
Dodgeball Tournament always beats going to the Book Club meeting :( Oh well.
sick of sharing?
Women to follow on Twitter who are in "Boston: Inspirational Women" including
Sorry!!! Stripe guessed my password! I don't know how he knew it was "waterandsunsuck"
I promise to let you know...your voice needs to be heard way more often!
SYR will get better, too!
uh no, they won't be better.
Then we will remember, things we said today.
Are the O's and Cards talking trade based on 's cryptic tweet?
Thanks for the follow! you rock
I have no idea! Especially when tickets for their summer tour just went on sale a few weeks ago!
The end of the Call Me Maybe video is hilarious.
My brother always tells me I'm not a girl.
sounds legit!
We dont use block
Awesome call from Grandma!
follow me please
South Park Walkabout tonight. Looking forward to some craft beer, and stress relief. Station, Whistle Stop, Alchemy. Watch out!
I'll go in between them legs while she crying! That'll take the pain away. Haha. 
Actually- HoHoBlo is not till the 15th. Fun!!!
ah, the great marital question: how do I know when not to do something? We married men have struggled with this for centuries
No water here on 600 block of Cathedral St. Did anyone consider notifying residents when this would be? (Under-street pipes being replaced)
You know you're a Mahomie when you really want someone to make Austin Mahone cut outs.
going to bed
She deserved it! And she's so beautiful!
s/o to the weekend ily
long Sunday mornings are what life is all about! Happy Day :-)
Wtf... It's one direction infection ! Not fever !! Haha get it straight ( ;
Bryce Harper just got in the league niggas already throwing at him?
My mom promised me sushi tonight. If she breaks that promise, I will be pissed.
My cable goes out more than I do.
Lol , it was random ! They asked me if I wanted to kick it & shit O.o
thanks for the RT! Don't get caught in the hoards!
My African History Professor laughed at me today because I mispronounced the name of a tribe in Central Africa.
Two months/weeks/days/hours later, they'll announce their new position.
Where Men Win Glory: Oddessy of Pat Tillman by John Krackauer is a must.
Finally finished cleaning out my car.......im just hoping it stay dat way. Even tho I kno its not.. Smh!
this website rocks
Thanks for the re-tweet bud! Hopefully we see you soon.
and no not home...I work part days at an office. (t-f 10-2)
Gonna be giving away an ipad every Monday night football game this season, stay tuned!
To choose your steps And won't regret This kind of aggravation
haha sure if being named after groceries is cool lol whatever floats your boat! Lol ahh lame!! Straight or gay? :b
it's 4am and your lover won't answer? Probably somewhere with a dancer! <-- or maybe even with another lover!
lol RT : Being sick is way more tolerable when you own a parrot who imitates every sneeze and nose-blow.
Energy Policies That Will Lead to Economic Growth "Doing something" for the economic development means "doing something" for energy devel
I. Freaking. Wish. Actually it's about the size of a peanut.
yesterday and today have been a blur. i blame this week's #madmen episode on my state of mind....
People who talk about what they did to help someone else have gotten their reward! Always give from the heart!
Everything in life worth achieving is hard.
So exciting! I'm glad to hear that. Wicked is keeping me very busy :)
let's go see the killers an make out in the bleachers
Good thing #comcast offers a 30 day guarantee. It is day 3 and the so called tech "support" has me looking at other providers.
Feeling a bit stiff today after a grinding hike through Honeycreek trail on Sat,,
he is cracking up laughing
I've been around doll! I heart Lynne. That is a great post. :)
The Lakers R silently singing /humming "Who can it be knockin on my door?" - (the Men At Work song)
Oh you look amazing in our White Mamba shirt! Hope you enjoy it!!
I can send you a box of rubber bands, if you like.
Apparently Subway feels the need to hire ugly people for their commercials.
RT : LOCALS: Semaphore meeting tonight @ Duke, Greater than Games lab in Smith, 5:45pm. Dinner! Discussion! See you there.
today = total concentration and productivity
Just slipped by the girl scout cookie table unscathed..sweet victory!!
you will love it! a pink box of goodies each month! RT: happy to see in my inbox, looking forward to first delivery!
Only one more day until mimi's birthday!
Beauty & the Beast!!
It's so cold out. I hate it. Bo
Recruitment lunch tomorrow!
Gonna miss you being on the tubes. Good Luck
Cant wait to visit back home
Everyone taking #UK ... All pressure on Kentucky. Just how #kansas wants it.
So I was just informed that my parents wont be back until Wednesday now.
Get out of my life!
AAAHHH. Just follow me. Oh, and give that iPod... WE FOLLOW YOU ON KEEK, BRO.
New haircut? FYI, & I may be coming down this wknd, talking to some friends abt a Zoo trip if you & are free
i just cant, he never texts me back anyways
i should put my ass to bed huh?
How was your Christmas?
I want summer to come already. I'm tired of school.
I don't know what it is about late nights but I always seem to write some awesome lyrics at this time.
: Do things crawl out of the soup at Darwin themed restaurant?
Trade you an ass kicking poster design for 4 tickets to the next DC show. Interested?
It's so amazing to look back and realize how far I've gotten so far.
GUESS WHO GETS TO DO THEIR MATH TEST AT HOME. me yay. because i can google everything
Fetish Friday at the Gio show @ 3160 north Clark 9:30pm Win your sexy surprise gift basket sponsored by Lover's Lane
yikes! I am sure it will be great! Can't wait, but now scared. Will I cry? And how long will I need to run to de-stress it? ;)
: but really. Now I REALLY
LMAO DAT LAST TWEET WAS KINDA PIMPISH SMH I GOT REMEMBER I LEFT PIMPING ALONE
Happy Birthday to all the Marines out there
Harbor PD officer at the car wash asked if my truck was the one with the #Raiders emblem..I said yup, I take it I'll see you later?
well actually me and made it and never told you. We left you with the snicklefritzzz
A new day in a new year. Shed the ugly past and look for a beautiful future.
I think so too... Check my pro-branding posts for my more holistic definition of branding.
Gudmornin 2 all my beautiful n handsome ppl of da world. God has blessd u 2 wake up dis morning so thank Him. 4wrd 2 20 ppl n yu will b ...
merci! Fantastic meeting you!
i don't go to school anymore but i still have to write a 5 page essay. -_-
In the words of Mark Twain ... no, it was Benjamin Franklin ... wait, Winston Churchill?
stupid hoe is my enemy !
If you died with braces on would they take them off?
Reading Life & Style's "Stars Without Makeup" issue. Some of them have makeup on. Hot pink is not a natural lip color. #Life&Style
I can never be the "fuck love" type, tho. That's weak shit. Nothing worth having in life will come easily.
Every ones not ment to be in a Real relationship
Hopefully You have gotten it by now! If not, you should contact where ever you ordered it from. :)
I have tomorrow morning off too! This is cray.
Trying to get Austin to follow me might cry a river if he doesn't I've tried everything ::(
messed up UR competition by me tell U something about us & I already no that I don't need 2 apologize 4 that but I'd still like
Thanks for following. Good luck with your new idea. Sounds like you need to do it!
No problem. Hopefully this helps the STH enjoy seeing an actual Pirates BP. This is a huge deal.
I love my boyfriend and i mean it. he has proven himself to me. <3
RT : heading into Rodrigo Hernandez's execution.// you're brave
try tweetdeck. i've been using it for awhile and like many things about it.
Had a grapefruit for breakfast this morning. I guess the Buffett rules apply to me too now.
Hi its the Feather Ladë...so text me some ideas you might have in mind for the
I told my daddy imma get me a white boy he like you probably already got one.. & my momma just laughed cause she know who I'm wit..
Les figured it out
Kris Brown comes up big for the Ravens.
": hell ya girl u kno I be workin first" haha u know we be waiting for you ta get home!
thanks for following me! #followback Q: are you in SF next week? I'll be there 17-20.
reading the newspaper out Loud.. shit keiths do
I'm alright... Could be better. Thanks babe! I don't know when but hopefully soon! :/
I hate my legs :(
Prosecutor points out Bronson took Prozac daily. Bronson: "I'm sure there was (side effects to combining w/alcohol)--I just never paid attn"
Happy mother's day to all the moms out there. A great day to you fore a job well done!
college fair NYC. Parents & students are here dreaming and planning out their futures. So many options, so many way to go!
Looking forward to volunteering and 'digging in' with our client, Bland Landscaping, today down at InterFaith !
damn got caught with lily on the elevator :)
o my goooodnessss!
See, durian isn't that bad! Just not that good, either. ;)
what a perfect view!
thats the "my cat from hell" guy
wishing my eldest duaghter, kiasiah a happy 12th birthday!!! mommy luvs you~ lord, i hav a 12 year old! lol times flies!
2/23/1789->J. Monroe:That a Spirit of unanimity accomodation&rectitude may prevail extensively...from general govt is the sincere wish
Just tapped Skookum's Vanilla Coffee Porter.
needs to find a museum in the DFW area to work in...who's hiring?
Your audience is smart. The womanizer segment that's airing on CW in Vegas now is for Jerry Springer. Doesn't work for you!
Getting together tomorrow for another writing session!
I miss you too! I'm glad you appreciate my craziness, haha.
Here we go, sliding into the digital ether, the physical realities vaporized into a wet, pungent exhalation.
Wouldn't be at all surprised if Romney got his "culture of envy" phrase from Harold Bloom's "culture of resentment."
Benton Lions Club gives $23,000+ to Rend Lake College Foundation
Wearing a hat 'cause your ginger.
“: just talked w joe Johnson. said no effort in game 4. wasnt sure if it would be there for game 5” What?!
I think it should be called green friday for all the money that's spent.
Getting Chinese #chicken&rice 🎎
RT : Write a positive note today to a parent about how great their child is doing in speech!
Need to see if I can get more hours at work. I need some 💰💰 asap.
#3WordsOfAdvice keep moving forward.
will follow bak if u follow her
Good morning (: Haha, I don't tweet as much as I did anymore.
suggestions for greatest #GAMECUBE game(s)? can play on mah #WII, so wanna scour thrift shops, garage sales, etc...
Happiest of birthday weeks to a couple shining Kennedy Kids: Erin and Kristin!
That puts Hamilton on pace for 80. (He won't hit 80.)
Already have my homework done!
IF IM NOT FOLLOWING YOU TWEET ME BAK DAT IM NOT!!!!
I know what you mean. Painful !
daily... We are working out the bugs. Casting directors are posting only a few jobs during testing, so you are not missing out.
“: I can see you're sad even when you smile, even when you laugh, I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you wanna cry. - Eminem”
Disappointed but in the end it is what it is and I just gotta push harder!
Might as well just send my paychecks directly to New Princeton Encyclopedia of Poetry and Poetics in the mail.
Smells like someone literally pooped in the library.
And her priorities are all out of wack. Chateau ShaBroke.
RT "thanks" Got my car detailed... So it's MY fault it's been raining all day in Chicago.
Blazing hot in #Healdsburg, but off for a champagne picnic as the birthday continues!
u think? He's a great orator
When are we hanging out? WHEN?!:(
Haven't had the time to catch #IDESofMARCH yet? Have no fear, it continues its campaign Jan 20-26th
the week after I'm seeing Marina :O
We all wanted it, now we got it. #Dreamgame2012 Go Big Blue
why are people so nosey...
CAN'T WAIT TILL
Thursday already?
MAU is batting #500. The unversity welcomed its 500th #Facebook fan this morning! Thanks for all your support. You're the best!
Wow, Colin just rambled on, didn't he? I looked away for a few minutes, came back, and he was still going!
Really -- only 10! You're a terrible native. Of course you're not from the part of Kentucky where the culture comes from ;-)
11:07pm and my dog is ripping around the house chasing cats through the windows. TERRIERS!
This weather is ridiculous! Sunshine now please!
YEAH Michelle Pfeiffer on JAY LENO AWSEOME #ThingsYouDontDoDuringSex fart
Thank you for the follow - it's an honor for us!
Considering god doesn't exist I find it funny everyone puts soot on their forehead in hopes of salvation
tweeting while driving .. and in the rain. REBEL!
Today is one of those days that you want to CMD+C and CMD+V
Tomorrow isnt promised...as we learned today.
Hey all, does anyone have/or know of somebody with the RED camera in Dallas? If you do, please DM me - I'm looking for one ASAP. Thanks!!
At UT e3w interest group's 11th annual Sequels conference.
Bdubs has the music banging in the restrooms haha
Listening party may 5th
love the positivity! Keep workin hard & follow those dreams. Proud of u Tai!
I've entered the #Zumba Halloween giveway! Wouldn't it be nice if I won?
Try to set aside 30 minutes per day for yourself...exercise, meditation, whatever it may be....set time aside for you!
fuck them we got to support our team and praying now for drose a healthy in speedy recovery. It's time now to do this for him!
Listening to the new Meek Mill mixtape again... then gonna go rob sum motherfuckers... again
how is everyone this morning!? (: anyone in the seattle area gonna be at the game changers show tonight? c:
you know I would b the mack daddy the abominable HOEman
sounds terrible :)
PROUD OF GREAT JOB UR DOING, FACTS YOU ARE SHARING & UR PROFESSIONAL AUDACITY! POLITICS NATION'S IS MY FAVORITE
abby you know how to cut the core. RT : R.I.P St. Valentine
Juno is on. such a happy camper
Yay! Congrats Berto on getting drafted to Miami!
Perfect day to jam some Transit.
On a completely random note, my 20 year old sister is watching some whack Disney channel show. She's addicted.
Goal this weekend was to reach 4000 words. I'm still 1000 short. Oops.
I did not expect Hölderlin to be quoted in the context of French elections. But there you go, did.
I can't think of a word to describe Flint Michigan.....
After the bloopers from Hairston and Lucroy, lot of hard hit balls off of Ohlendorf
Oh Season 2 of Downton Abbey...you're already making my mascara run.
Need motivation to hit the gym!
When we started Dagnomusic we wanted to give bands a way to make money again! It's Working check it out!
- i Have never seen my puggie this KNOCKED out (: lmao . He wont wake up for nadaa
where is she going??
like wanting to build bridges without studying math.
hahaha ya know me!
It's Justin's world, we just live in it. #RRchat Myspace vs. Spotify
Live as you will have wished to have lived when you are dying. Christian Furchtegott Gellert
Mall tomorrow its gonna be interesting, let's get it crackinn!!
Thanks for the mention and the conversation.
ninja rap GO NINJA GO NINJA GO!!!!
While it might be their spring seasonal Magic Hat's Vinyl Lager has quickly become my favorite beer for this mild winter
just FYI, Asante, I wish you were still pulling down ints for coach Reid… sucks.
I've missed you while I was gone! What have you been up to? :)
Please DM me your mailing address so I can send you the laminated business card/luggage tag from the CP Cal conf. Thanks!
171 students registered for our Workforce Leadership Summit... still room
I think you know.... think Marines w/ candy in China 1930s. Candy/sugar scarce & used to "sweeten deals"
Optimism: the caffeine of Happiness.
gotta love cocky Boston fans :)
i like random, funny tweets better than boyfriend quotes or quotes about life.. i mean they are ok but i read them a lot.
First encounter w/ corn truffle ice cream: gross. Beer bacon chocolate ice cream, however. There we have a winner. (Note: V. SMALL PORTIONS)
SO you have a lot of friends heading that way?
Anyone know a good solution for getting blood stains out of your cars trunk?
People you gotta know: Jon my manager Tyler main producer/writer Seth main producer/writer Marcus COOLEST dj ever Maddi is mah sister
everyone look at their keyboard! u & i are together ;)) and "j, k" are right underneath it
Not sure where went! Let me see if I can track him down.
you clean keyboards, but got a CNA.
About to blog about #casa2012 esp really terrific religion panel
If y'all are fresh to death, then im deceased.
Anytime. That room is pretty sweet. Also--forgot to tell you. We can renew you at any time for 2013!
next time i see you, i'm giving you a high-five. cause hugs are overrate, just fyi.
As long as we all understand that Aerosmith piece on 60 Minutes was a put-on...
Similar to reaction to Tavon Wilson pick here at #Patriots draft.
Craving subway
any 7th grader is cooler than a contemporary adult loser!
Big Bill is amused by attempts by twitbots to trick him into clicking on their URLs. I was Mayor of Chicago; you think I'm a pushover?
Everytime when im done with my homework, I leave it on my desk , and I wait till the morning to put it in my binder
#sotellmewhy I have to go to school, and waste my life?
Right. I'm totally serious. Because I give a shit what total strangers think. You got me.
A Justin bieber fan supporting for Greyson chance. Wtf -.-
you're hot.
NAHBS is tomorrow! You know we have something planned...
Thx for follow. I work with Rick Matteson of CCT. Very excited to share his breakthrough treatment for suicide.
So our school had a soft lockdown today. Rumor has it he was either selling drugs or had a gun. Lmao Vegas is something else xD
ok the first person that i wanned too meet was AND he will always have my heart now the second person i wanna meet is
Double Standard Update: "CNN Reporter uses N word? Please?"...No one will care. Said on FOX? As Sen. Clay Davis use to say, "sheet."
Orangutans at Miami zoo use iPad to draw, play games and expand vocabulary. Did they play Angry Birds?
Oh dear. Hope that's good news! (Maybe I'll have to grab an extra copy to send to my parents.)
GCER X-Mas Special for your last minute electronic presents: Like us on Facebook and receive 10% off our retail store Today until 12/24!!
you r tha sexiest man/beast on TV #teenwolf ;)
Drove a vaudeville show home tonight in form of the great and ! You are both brilliant.
Love that Woody Allen won best screen play for Midnight in Paris-
MT : One of our librarians was just arrested for trespassing when she went into the #UnionSq #WholeFoods to use the bathroom.
Hi Everyone! Super deal from Long Island Movers: get 3 free wardroboxes with any local or long distance moving (Valid till 07/24/2011
Some people are so effin stupid. My gosh. I want to punch you in the face!
okay McDonald's commercial, I've seen the eggs used for breakfast and they aren't sold at Kroger hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
#Staging Tip #42 Purchase a tasteful welcome door mat! Congrats 2 Kali Mallard - winner of $200 Budget Blinds Gift Card Giveaway!
Perhaps the bestest of all best twitterings!
Our customers have been able to create custom apps via our APIs - D&BDirect
we don't need special days to remind us how much we love each other
Prayer: save, deliver, heal, set free, destroy the yoke, set the captive free. ohh JESUS!!
I want to go out and dance so badly ... being responsible. Being a good boy for a while now. It's getting tired instead of in trouble...damn
Had a great time seeing tonight! t.co/CNi6fWeB
Hoping for a stop in NY or MT We sold out DC in under 1 hr! Next up is Philly-Jan 23-world cafe
I'd put my money on the polr bear. They eat navy seals right. Grizzly bears just steal picinic baskets.
Your profile picture is GORGEOUS! <3 (:
“: Whoever said white men can't jump has clearly never played Temple Run”
That makes me sad, they need to heal that relationship some day. #Royals and Frank White are bigger than a workplace dispute.
Sorry if I offended any of you guys, But Sanders Pissed me off to 3rd power tonight when his defense for voting no was a GOP fabricated Lie
And Aiden Grimshaw's "Is This Love". RT : Need a mash-up of Will. i. am's "This Is Love" and Bob Marley's "Is This Love."
God i love assholes that make a scene in the middle of the street in riverside ahha it was so great!
Saturday is the day to catch up on reading..what are you reading?
Think the #Rams will go OL or WR in 1st? Blackmon would be hard to pass up.
#bestfeelingever seeing requesting to follow you on twitter, and tweeting how we are the best fans. well we are (: !
oh shitttt aren't you getting tatted today?
Amare blames wrong prescription glasses for broken hand. Said "I thought it was a teddy bear or some shit".
Oh that's wonderful! Did you take that pic?
RT : Sad day for hip hop....RIP Adam Yauch.
Happy Thursday everyone! One day closer to the weekend.
Social studies with me (;
cracker barrel
Pitch in Chievo vs. Roma reminds me of my days playing U-12's. Waterlogged is an understatement. & keeping it fun.
thanks so much! :)
Yes! Bookmobiles bring books 2 readers (Check out Biblioburro by Winter) Like u say:systemic change, library vision/model must evolve
Thanks for the Retweet, I just had to get that out :)
As always, we host Sunday Supper at Balsan from 5 to 10 p.m.: three courses, from RIA seafood to our newest garden finds. Menu on the way...
Get over it: Change is a mode of living that no one wants to accept. Even if we don't know its happening... It is! Better to just let it.
I'm gonna watch Adventure Time now.
Lean Cuisine leaves me cold, empty, alone.
I forgot my damn lunch, now I cant eat and my brother wont buy me food either. Today sucks.
Thank goodness for Ryan Braun. Still need one more.
Oh, i'm smart... And suure ahah :)
I will! Tweet me too!(:
FINALLY got a Twitter!
I couldn't do all that flying bubba
I know how to create clipping and layer masks in Photoshop now! Thanks, Training and Development program!
HERE WE GO BRUINS!!! THIS IS IT!
take your vitamins!
Faster than we all think, this may be getting to where ordinary football plays are the issue, not just super-violent hits/bounties.
Happy Easter from all of us!
RT“: Baseball Tonight followers: Which MLB player do you think has true #Want?” and the O's
hello-what's doing?
Thanks - We'd love for you to try it soon - though a bridge may have a little trouble typing. ;D
yeah, it's kinda creepy.
since you can use your app to check in & it pushes to
Marian is describing a project from Transmodern Festival, in which she built a filter for harbor water, and invited people to sample it.
Just for the record, I don't hate anyone. I understand that it takes two people and my focus is working on my relationship and moving on.
"When an old man dies, a library burns to the ground." - African proverb. This quote inspired me to open 369 Productions.
no I didn't
Apparently i smell familiar
makin dat fire bro! I still got like 20 more beats to break down
the world may never know
"thank god for hometowns". Damn it feels good2b in city that has claim 2 13 world championships,no matter how old I get it'll always b home
poweroutage expanded up the block to 4th and L and for several blocks around
“: LA ..later ✌”you gone from Lawrence?
Thanks so much for the #FF!
it would be awesome to have you there! I have to get rid of Wyatt weight!!
It's midnight and VA House is about to vote on over 40 judges for Court of Appeals, General District Court, Juvenile and Domestic Relations.
Happy Good Friday! Come try some NC Catfish. It's awesome!
Cuomo Says Talk of Presidential Bid Is Premature Addressing for the first time speculation in political circles that he might be a candid
Good Morning beautiful people!
is this the REAL Marc Summers?! #HugeFan #DoubleDare rules. They fools for thinking you'd do it for free; fans want you back, tho!
Name the top 5 best cities in the world to listen to good music!
Yep! Going tomorrow night after the Saturday service!
Be Humble !
Thanks for the follow!
All I wanna know girl what yo name is I see them other niggaz they be on that lame shit I can take care of you and them girls you came wit
Long hair, dont care
The show is firmly In A Zone.
Are you able to attend many games?
dang it. Yeah it's kinda weird that he found so many.
Wow! My upper body is really sore today after a great class from
I fucking love The Who.
i knowww! i never thought she would ever get an iphone. lol
Today was CUTE (: Like Him ..
I did. I saw your tweet, decided to call and got through. Hoping everything works out from here on. Thxs for the recommendation.
Looking good fellas! Looking good
TELL THE FEDS I'M READY TO CUT A DEAL! I'll even throw Aunt Margie under da bus. Why did I fire Alice I could have blame her
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME FRIEND IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO HER!!!!!!(;
I know not to call Scooter if im ever in danger. Lmao
Movie premiere shirts on deck!!! Thanks to all who have been down and believed in 1of1 Apparel and Promotions. 1 Luv
Tell me i aint flickin like that
This Sat nite we're kicking off the birthday party of local rock&roll hero w/ Jackrabbit, The Outlaws
yea, he has a song size limit - talking about removing it, esp for live recordings. Hey do you have a sec to get LL?
1 series down 3 to go. You guys are going to get 18 this year. Make more history tonight. Good Luck PP!
Overheard on B'more westside, older lady to security guard: "...and I woke up yesterday with someone else's dentures *in my mouth*."
yes they do. How do they get a whole extra yard on the spot???
can i just say, idaf if one direction sold out MSG quicker than Justin; there a BAND. Justin was ONE person.
“ I'm about to do some Just Dance for about an hour!!!!!” AWESOME!
Thank you. Happy Birthday to dad!
: in Silver Spring about to see your other work!
The tuition remittance for a graduate assistantship is taxable income. The tuition remittance for football scholarship is not. Why?
lives in a green screen and lets others paint my world. <3 bri
Having fun hanging out with my cousins in Nob Hill
whats the score?
Watching ceo on #bloombergwest , the ultrabook/tablet hybrid is sweet. Hopefully I can run #redhat or #freebsd on it
Thanks for the FF mention!
that would be nice to attend. Let me know how it go....
Exactly. I need to get my hands on my own copy. Meanwhile, playing on another. Hoprfully we get any word tomorrow.
what class?
“: Round two I tee off at 8:20 #patience”-show them the way!
I aplogize for what I did but u can't even talk to me really arguing for what come on now jus talk to me
Can anyone hook me up with an Allstate agent in the Denver metro area? I have MONEY for them... #WorkSmarterHotHarder KNOWS
were going to try. Shooting video too and we will put up ASAP.
“: haha okay :)”<< thanks now promote us! Hahaha
We are on Facebook too please "like" our page!
New song Tom Tom from is rockin'! Check it out at their website. They're a huge influence on us
I'd really like a percentage of opening day rosters being in tact now. who still even has the same roster from April? #everyone'sdying
might wanna go ahead and throw those away!
#dhtrial does no pizza mean a decision? Jury not taking a lunch . Guessing its verdict time.
um I guess I'll accept it lol...
just sitting in this hotel hungry ._. wbu? :3
Waiting for the one, the day that never comes, when you stand down and feel the warm, no the sunshine never comees uoo uoo uoo- METALLICA*.*
I am ten years old but I'll beat your ass
But does that count as a double-vote, ?
. I will 4th that. Flying blows
not really, I'm always meaning to go but I usually never make it out. One day I'm gonna go dressed as a Mexican She-Ra. :-P
whats going on tonight?
I'm seeing more of that happen... it's really absurd. people can't talk?
My evening consists of long bus rides and lots of pirates of the Caribbean movies
The best way out is always through. Robert Frost
T. Walters: shout out for tool kits for discovery, analysis, data mining developed by #HathiTrust and Hathi Research Center
softball game May 2nd at 5!
Was hoping for a snow day but didn't get enough snow :/ this sucks!
yeah, i'm really nervous.
": It's Strange How One Person Can Change Your Mood Entirely"
On the road to the riches until I'm paid if full.
If tweeted me... I would start crying right here all night long . Lollzzzz.(;
For real? No way! Iowa restrooms are so much better. Especially the one that looks like a barn!
Today's Special: Triple Play Burger: 3-1/3 lb Sirloin Patties, 3 Slices of Cheese, Tartar, Leaf Lettuce, Tomato & Red Onion w/ Side - $14.
Wtf, my mom just went off on me about my tattoo's, mad random 😒
This Rock entrance feels like the Apollo Creed entrance in Rocky IV.
#RIP Junior Seau
Nice, homeless guy told me I need to go to the gym!
Colton is a fag everyone I hope you saw me typing fucker
Yo mamma is so tall she tripped over a rock and hit her head on the moon.
BIG THINGS POPPIN' AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!! THE PARTY JUST DON'T STOP!!!
Omg Marina Franklin is funny as hell.haha.
So excited to have lunch today with the guy who is the reason I moved to Nashville in 2005. He now works for Yay, Russ!
I COULD be watching the Spawn play a sport. Instead, I am grading.
Wanna see him xD!! <3 practically jumping out of my seat getting excited to get out of this school and see my bestie! <3
Nice win tonight for the boys, need to get ready for another battle with RIT tomorrow.
Painful to have had to delete my Google Web history but it had to be done. Saved a screenshot of my personal search trends.
I heards that
Sure, No Problem! :)
Some green tea and some Classical,Baroque,& Romantic music. Ah Fridays
. plugging in a CSI marathon!!
Would love to include photos of the #bowl12 in our wrap up! Any you can send our way? Thanks!
this is one of those things Lorena's right about.
Live fast die young
Even a mosquito doesn't get a slap on the back until it starts to work. -Anonymous
Discover Indie fashion for all over the world: www.store.ustrendy.com
y do u reply back then?
not watching. really? I thought his back was out for good. doing better than his cousin who has become a fadeaway guy
Just got an email from MI Non-Profit Center, May is "Older Americans" Month...
you're welcome, thanks for sharing
Remember people: It's Not About Matt. ;-)
yea. When are you coming back?
OMG!!!!!! THEIR DOING THE HARRY POTTER SONG!!!!!!!!! KILL ME NOW!! OH MY GOSH <333333
“10 Minutes” combines my twin loves for the homeless & the media, and weaves them into that what I hope you will consider a page-turner!
the round blue fox hopped over the boring dog.
Damn I miss those 100 Benjamins inna pocket days. Fuck it tho. I had to get on my daddy shit. LWG!!!
On the scene of this truck crash - front of the suv crushed - but the two people inside were able to walk away with minor injuries...
to be fair my wife does all the newborn stuff! Big shout out 2 for all the HARD work. I just #grill and mow lawn!
- yeah I don't have that prob our workers are cool its nasty attitudes I can't deal with anymore
More and more the trend is shifting from pharmaceutical/ Western medicine approaches to natural/alternative healing choices.
So if you don't text me back we aren't friends anymore I promise!
i finally said fuck facebook way to much hackn for me twitter it is so how do i get this page poppn
Pretty soon U can talk about the Pacers music!!! It's about time!!!
Billy you are silly. I assure you I am quite real.
WXPI, your flood warning is ruining my TV show.
that laugh where ur mouth moves but ur eyes dont... yea that one...
Another beautiful, sunny day.. and CHAINSAW. Old geezer neighbor is at it again. Is it wrong to wish he'd stay in his home more often?
I will personally feel that if you want respect, you have to give it....just saying
Don't forget everything is 10% off in February!!! Get your orders in before the end of the month!!
My class and art show have come and gone :) I see you've been busy too! Congratulations on the Slice of Life launch mamacita!
if they do, I wasn't told. My guess is no.
pshh not for me! :/
« #rapperbetterthansouljaboy: My Grandma..»
you are fucking retarded kill yourself please
Better to use your creative intuition and apologize if it doesn't work, than to not give your ideas a shot
THE SPIRIT TIES US TOGETHER (John 4:23-24) The hour in coming, and "it is now" that I must look at you in a different way amen. #Sir Court
Why do I keep having dreams about Dave Franco?
This would be because I'm on a DSL connection in Jerusalem backing up to multiple servers in the USA and Europe.
Follow back?(:
Cool. I'm thinking of coming. 8:00?
I just want to sleep v
Commenting on a picture I posted last year?
City will remove them if you cut them up and put them by the street - there's a schedule.
Looking forward to a great afternoon and some awesome social media takeaways today! 30 anxious marketers are excited!!
May you wallow in your particular pond of miracles today. ~RT
I don't wanna hear anymore about how your butthole needs urgent care....
sometimes its worth waiting for, even if you think it will not be somehow it comes to you
When it comes to the things you want to be doing, ask yourself: Am I Worth The Risk? via 's F♥ck Fear series.
I wish you good luck (and excellent care) in your treatment.
YES. so worth it
this. RT : Dems Party chair Mike Tate: "Wisconsin law should focus on increasing voter participation, not diminishing it."
girl u make my speakers go boom boom
HELLO, Hello is anybody out there? Is there something wrong with the twitter machine?
Sweet dreams <3
patiently waiting for tonight!
I can live without you but do I have to?
Griner rips the ball of the boards
Ultra Petroleum Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial And Operating Results, Board Of Directors Approve $100.0 Million ...
HELP US GREET ANDY STATUS CUOMO TO CARL COUNTRY TODAY 10:30 AM 833 MICHIGAN BUFFALO NY
Tiger is making a big move, tied for the lead through 3....
I am trapped under two dogs
GREAT Morning!!!
#SuperSunday have a great day guys :)
Hey you misspe– oh. RT : I'll be back tomorrow. I'm building a mistery.
Got School Of Rock later :)
what did u do?
Let us get going to change our nation from the leadership of political driven people. Substitute them with leaders that care about Americans
At Trek! The wait us over.
We'd love to welcome our friend, Ryan Martino, back to the stage tonight. It will be epic.
Haha I know
do you know any data scientists and machine learning people? I'm looking for some data nerds to hire in San Francisco.
I am so bored right now, I can't even think of a witty way to finish that gripe. All I hear is my brain flatlining.
<3 you! let's trade follows. I will support. There is a site on my profile too that will help promote ur stuff.
Good list - just something unobtrusive but soothing so I can concentrate
All I want to do is play League of Legends.
Give it all or nothing!
The employee at the AT&T store just told that he looks like Steve Jobs came back from the dead.
guy actually looks a fair amount like Kohl's seat mate Rick Cobb
The Month in Grimes/Dubstep
‎Umami Moto food truck will be parked outside Visible Voice Books + Wine in Tremont tonight from 5 to 7pm to get some Umami goodness!
Had chili 4 lunch yesterday, burger 4 dinner last night, meatloaf for breakfast today, and chili again for lunch. I officially boycott beef
Shakespeare's birthday is Monday but this is his birthday weekend!
-- Well I'm in MKE and I like secrets, so I'm down!!
Speaking of Ryan Vogelsong—6 IP, 3 H, 1 ER, 5 BB, 3 K and 102 pitches, and he's probably not done b/c SF bullpen is quiet
Omg hahaha. Idek why I dreamed about it!
German beers & baked goods- It doesn't get much better than that! Welcome & congrats to now open at 137 7th Ave South.
[Campus Bulletin] Today is the Institute's 125th birthday! A one-time $30 fee will be deducted from your student account to buy us a gift.
thank you! :) I'll be sure to bookmark your site too - in order to check in tomorrow & the day after & the day after that...
Of course you do! This is not a question of your artistry. But when the way you share it is annoying, both of us miss out.
Good Stuff!
Laugh :: today's goal.
I can't read your tweet. I just keep staring at your avatar.
you're such a tweeter now. I am loving it. We converted you! Whaaa ha ha!!
Slow going North of 106th on Keystone. Ambulance and firetruck on the left side.
The word FUCK is used 5 times in the first 10 pages of my script. Maybe I'm not an artist at all. Maybe I'm just a potty mouth.
So I just want you to know that the two people you said couldnt win the voice on Blakes Team are the last two standing! Haha!
unbelievable . I tell ya..
what's up w/DJ's Sports Bar?
Thanks for sharing about our event! We're getting excited!
I mean you can't tell me you know anyone who can pull off a bumble bee look as good as that
Winds have temporarily interrupted the show, but the BFJ crew hopes to return to regularly scheduled programming soon. Stay tuned!
did COD pan out? Hope so!
Not at all it is because they continue to make mistakes: going for 2 at wrong times, bad challanges, clock management, etc.
Hi :) Jupiter in Sagittarius and Uranus in Sagittarius in the 3rd house. That's all I know.
Word bride orginally started as an old English word meaning cook
I know you hit the whitegirl in the Reebok commercial, didn't you...LOL???
Spent a wk in Uganda with Pros For Africa, a group of 10 NFL players (Adrian Peterson, Santonio Holmes, Tommie Harris, Vernon Davis)
Scott signs $70 billion budget, vetoes $142.7 million
this I agree with.
you going to be at the CIB this Friday?
okay! Just let me know when your free(0:
Did a sketch for a painting called "flakes are for eating, not for friends". Wooah ha ha...painting to come soon....
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mommy's out there. Especially the one out here doing it by themselves ☺😘💐💝
Just realized: I actually have no idea if I am a minority potential law school applicant
Will Willingham and Morneau homer for #Twins tonight? Check today's polar ice cap melt.
put ur finger dowm ur throat, let see how the acid eats away ur teeth, by trying to be perfect.
Watch the Throne tickets are purchased.
Follow for real music coverage, because we don't interview
Glad I could help--Skype or tweet me anytime!
To avoid situations in which you might make mistakes may be the biggest mistake of all. McWilliams, Peter
those that connect, we see the power, model and eventually people notice-> how do we speed this process?
And now he steals second.
Rolls eyes.
Breaking News from the Pearl reports that 24 Hour Fitness caught on FIRE CLUB evacuated?
Literally all my guy friends call me 'big ass girl.' I respond because, well, its true.
Thank you for the Outlander books. As a science geek, I love that Claire is an MD and Bree is an engineer.
I can't wait to go home tonight and sleep in my cold queen sized bed 😁✨
2 new roosters on the farm with mature tenor and baritone voices! They are letting me know it's morning!
own the feisty and offer up a side of sass :)
Lol! Watching Ellen. :)
this is ridiculous
Thanks for the heads up re: St vs. Avenue, Also got the note you sent me and am investigating, thanks for the heads up!
Finally arrived! #nasig11 Look forward for the sessions.
I have 3 more weekends here in Baltimore. What else should be on the #BaltimoreBucketList?? Pizza John's was a pleasant satisfying surprise.
#Alcatraz was canceled, too? *sigh* Should I finish the last two episodes in my #Hulu queue or just give up?
This is the 1st game I'm gonna miss this year. All because of the issue between Directv & the Tribune.
you can take the girl out of the novel, but you can't take the novel out of the girl. or something like that.
#aftertheuniform This #veterans panel is so serious + passionate about the invisible wounds of families wives + vets re:PTDS+ brain injury
Unfortunately, what many people forget is that judges are just lawyers in robes
We so all do that! But guys move fast on em too “: Nothing moves faster than a girl untagging herself from an ugly picture”
Ill take 10 please!
always has me rolling on the ground laughing your wicked amazingg and hilarious! just thought i would establish that! :)
RT ": It's only preseason, but I'm there!!! Ravens vs Atlanta!!!" Oh, they thought they weren't gonna see US??!!
Hey SF Valley friends. I'm playing at tonight for their grand opening! Check us out! Free CD first 5 mention tweet
Did you ever get this recreated? I have an ingredient list but not exact measurements.
so go talk to them instead of arguing with people who support bike infrastructure & safety (including mandatory helmets).
Lol at my co-workers
Good pass lets fukin go Harris dat nigga raw
Dis is strange bitch we does dis
I wouldn't pay attention to that normally, but he is still "kind of a jerk."
We fail to realize celebrities are the same age as us so their gonna do the same shit we do
Oh wow. That would suck! Glad you were just over-reacting! I do that myself, more than I care to admit.
Im irritated with ppl forreal
We got the note like two days ago, shell be gone in two days.
Haha! So basically I'm just torturing you by adding fuel to your fire :-P
Baby's coming over 😁😘
When them single bi fems at the real n mature ones we tired of these phony mfs
it's gonna be epic!
Valentine Gfx Events are now up! visit forums.rarero.net forum events for details!
I hated school. Even to this day, when I see a school bus it's just depressing to me. The poor little kids. - Dolly Parton
Got into the master's program, got my halloween costume, and rented my books for the term. bring it on grad school :)
wow, I'm playing words with friends with my mom xD
amen! This is true in all fields. Degree status, achieved or not, is not an indicator of skill.
yupp i do. not even going to deny it. hey why do you want me to go early to class tomorrow?
Also, how many bags of Chocobilly's cookies do I need to eat to have it count as a healthy breakfast? What's the official ruling ?
girl it's totally fine!!! You didn't have to get me anything hun :) wuv woo
: yep, Independent Author Network authors are fab at supporting each other
Nah, we'll keep BOTH our hunky fantabulous catchers! #goBrewers!
follow me please
The one where it's like "You're in a police car..." and you have to say 3 words. xD
#nowplaying - Now or Never - The Roots, Phonte, Dice Raw
RT they say it's a woman's prerogative to change their minds, shame they dont decide to exercise that right at the fucking altar
And almost lost the pillow but it got
Holiday Inn Resort PCB Helps Guests Enjoy Florida Golf Month Guests of the Holiday Inn Resort have always enjoyed great discounts at the
when is the next hack night?
And not on the shoulder. :)
we do it up in Dougherty big time! Btw- I need eggs tomorrow. Can you make it happen?
Home new to this stuff! R.i.p. M-Bone of swag district!
jesus the avacado joke is aLREADY overused omfg
cool tip from _Search Analytics_: match the length of your search input box with the length of common queries
Last nite's 3rd Thurs. Community Mixer was a HUGE SUCCESS! Thank you to all who were involved and supported RD. Stay Tuned for May's event!
Hey girl, let's show 'em why they call this the Shrieking Shack
Happy Birthday !
was that gay lol?
Just registered for the annual conference in Las Vegas next month. will throw a party Wed night at !
did u see??
Middlebrooks now has as many HRs as Gonzalez.
Kevin Frank's now speaking about what brought him to the #hydropower industry
that sounds truly repulsive Baig,almost levels. I'm in.
Going to go see the #Harlemglobetrotters at the #Reschcenter in #greenbay #wisconsin #tonight !!! Its been 36 years!! Whoot!!!
i despise your city because you will ultimately take away either my favorite or hometown team. i hope your new team fails.
THE BELL CAN RING ANYTIME NOWWW, lbvs .
Listening to mixtape Oh the good ol days
how am I following people that I didn't select to follow? Any ideas?
Thank you Gypsy queen.
- sounds great.
I'm so bored and hungry
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy Drake was 'over'
I love you...I hate you....I just can't get around you
If you are going to try my recipe for 'Boiled Chicken in Under 10 Minutes' it's VERY important to use a pot that flushes.
he is 4-9 vs Harrison w/ a double and 2 homers. I expect big things from his upcoming at bat.
RT For a Good Night mention!! =Follow Me!!
Lol happens to me too RT : Ppl didn't get the sarcasm in my last tweet got dam
Wore my #Broncos jersey to work today - everyone keeps asking if we play tonite. Come on people - really!? Go Broncos!
had family emergency today, pissed I couldn't make it tonight...give 'em hell katie...did people bring food???
I tried to license an image from Corbis, they wanted $150 for a digital image for personal use. Obviously they didn't make a sale.
he was all "I felt like a caged lion"
RT Power defeat the Voodoo 56-49, Morelli was BANANAS for Pittsburgh
Practicing for trade show life in the next two weeks. On my third cup of coffee and just had a bagel. FLYING!!!
Great ministry planning meeting today with EVCC
Idkkkk how to it
I"ll be there the 26th-1st, so like 9 days from now, we should hang out
write drunk...edit sober
New dates coming up in LA and Vegas. Stay tuned!
Maybe they're fauns?
you are so talented :) Keep up the good work
Come on up to Central Ave TODAY for Everything Jersey City Festival! - tents getting ready!
He finally turned off his music!!
Love the fact that today is Charles Dickens day. I think I'll go buy a muffin to celebrate...
We're just like you, only prettier.
I am a Hobbit, and we eat at least 6 meals a day. And I'm quite comfortable, too. Takes all kinds.
Patty Stephens's class, The Human Voice is so popular, we're adding another section: April 3rd -- May 22nd 6:30pm-8:30pm. Call us QUICK!
COA is now featuring Miller Lite and XX Amber on draft!!!!!! $2 TAPS AT THE BAR ALL WEEKEND LONG!!!!!!!
Looking forward to learning more tonight about Google Apps/Docs
Based on his track record, he does. RT "then why doesn't he offer 4 year scholarships?"
Watching idiots protest mariage equality is like watching American Idol auditions -- except the prize is being on the wrong side of history.
yep it is
Brian Williams rested up in bed for all those years...
its very good :D
let me know if you need help! LOL
Guy who proofreads plaques in Kentucky, Who Ya Crappin'?
Beautifully shot. Not gimmicky, which you might think going in. The silence is a major theme of the movie and used to great effect
Help USPS Stamp Out Hunger on May 12! Leave a bag of nonperishable food at your mailbox and they'll pick up when they deliver mail /
I don't get free tacos for drawing tacocats?
Our Albany office has expanded and moved to a bigger, better location! Photos to come soon.
your platform only for large companies or large events?
very excited for the anvil/reef cocktail pairing madness tonight!
Hello tan lines....we meet again
THINK BEFORE U SPEAK..ITS NT ALWAYS GUD TEW SAY WT U FEEL.PERIOD
Can I throw my card in, too? STAY STAY STAY
Looking at a facebook page is different than asking for a candidate's login information
i wish i didnt have to split holidays or my mom had the same last name and i wish we were as happy as we looked in our family portaits.
i miss my shawty tot.. i see the boys too much..lol
The pop up shop looks great!
But if that head right Jeezy there every night
#MyPastRelationships were such jokes
athazagoraphobia: the fear of being forgotten :s
Today I am reading two Peirce essays entitled, "Evolutionary Love" & "Man's Glassy Essence."
I have to google exactly the meaning of visual...but I love visuals & I love art..enjoy having friend tweeps that are in the arts:-)
Rain rain go away come again another day...any other good rainy day tunes out there?
"Nothing like some good 'ol flesh to absorb some sound waves..."
Watchin the afternoon news w/someone over hm ill say 60. Kickin it,waiting for my client to come.
Softball game tonight!
Your skill will accomplish what the force of many cannot. - Play Alganon
I am related to a black man, this is crazy!
This movie gift card will come in handy
if your five hours away from it, is it really going to be a day off? More like half day. ;)
*dead man walking*
Of course it won't have new features. Of course.
my nigga call me asap bruh...
have both because I know you've done something to deserve it
follow and please :D x33
Aquaculture forum Tuesday in Eureka - Times-Standard
Nice point from Steps before. Now all he has to do is replicate that 75-ish times to have a prayer.
the track really too fire needs a video n bunb remix
And it's close to CSULA, ELAC, and Pasadena college. Where many international students applied to. It's convenient.
Casting call today for China's new music video, directed by
are you in for the conference on friday & saturday?
Imma plan a trip out there soon.. Is it expensive out there like as far as hotels and food?
Rocco's Modern Life my nigga.
Sure is. And SO true!
Thanks for the shout out!
Running around and getting ready to head over to the Hilton Garden Inn to help set up for Notacon 9.
follow Phoenix Hip Hop at it's finest!!!!!!!!
#IThankGod 4 Every Possession That I Have!🙌
if Pete is really alive, how about a contract for ???
Well, records mgmt is a tough, tough subject for campus to embrace. Hope you folks make progress on it!
MGMT - Love Always Remains
wtf, did my avi even changed? o.o
Weird but tight long hugs make me sleepy....
i love your blog, & it's especially funny because a lot of your pictures are taken steps away from my parents front door :)
we have the freedom here to rabblerouse.
1844-THE PHILLY SECTARIAN RIOTS- arguments btwn Irish & Protestant gangs over public funding over rel. schools erupted in2 4days of rioting
beRecruited Play of the Day: A coach is more than someone who gives you an athletic scholarship; he/she serves as a mentor and a motivator
#playoffs You know you love hockey when you........
over 8000 hits today on www.vegasites.com apparently that slows it down...... need to cue the FAIL HOOKER asap.............
lol what did I get myself into?
Amazed that every morning I watch the nat'l news and find the most disturbing stories always occur in Florida.
Bowling with the gang...as usual:)
Nice to meet you Kimberli!
thanks for replying! We'll RT the best answer later today! :)
Here's a thought: rehearse your reaction to rejection.
Will get back to you soon hun :) RT : email sweets!
"More than a 1/4 of all #Americans ages 17-24 are unqualified for #militaryservice because of their #weight!"
I'm not . Just a huge fan. He is pretty amazing.
RT : How great was Malkin last night? Unreal!
Everyone's ready for a 200 miles run today ? Our start time for #RagnarChi is 12:30p
Working on some collaborations right now, doing some electronic and Hip Hop. Can't wait to share with you guys!
who do I contact for winning your signed book The Best Of Me? Am I to impatient?? I'm so excited!!
and you wouldn't get it from a DM it's done thru email! That might be the problem
your a boy Simpsonizer?? Omg my life is completee!!!!
check me out on youtube sarahsophiatv thanks
Happy April Fools Day everyone !
Yeah I'm not proud lol
Why such a stranger ?
Just had a sneak preview of our signature holiday cocktails - Edgefield Alexander, Bourbon Furnace and a new Holiday Sparkler - oh my!
me too yea drama sucks
Aspects To Consider When Choosing A Home | The Before And After
1down, 4togo bringing it for Easter! Live stream sdrock.com/live Well worth seeing live!
smh, they need to put in a shot clock to prevent that
Watching MLB plays of the month, these guys are good!
I feel like I'm dying omg😞
crazy. guess I need to have a techie women BBQ in the courtyard soon. :-)
I live in a forest so why does this little bird think the smoke detector in my garage is a good place for it's nest???
Good Friday
follow me I'll DM you my info
Freak these tales.
just took a shower, cause i was at soccer. then watched your videos.. played them on repeat. dm me pleasee, alex <3 <3
Time to get #blackout for this game.
Best nap in a while
>Quote: Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture. Lydia M. Child
If I had any laurels I would totally be resting on them right now.
And..not bad news for the upcoming MAA conference. Wait! It's April 1st! Is this an April Fools Day joke?
So many people are texting me right now.. Except the one i want to be talking to.
Bout to go get this lift in
I knew those were an Odessa thing the minute I saw them, so it's so cool to hear that she loved them too!
Thank you to everyone who joined us for #itc12 in Long Beach! Watch your inbox for access to presentation materials.
Good times ahead for you. :-) That's wonderful. NYC is great! They will fall in love with you. Where ever you go.
The conversations that me and Idalia have >>>>>>> 😂
Just got blocked on facebook after too many friending...
getting myself ready to fly down to the MIA tomorrow
Turn off brain!!!
I'm pretty sure the voters called it quits for Gingrich a while ago. So why is he waiting until Wednesday to do it himself?
Have a great n bless'd day all! Look to be a blessing, today. I promise you will get bless'd by just doing it. #Shabbat Shalom
you almost hit eddie ! Haha smh
C'mon Clippers!
Just once can a song on the radio celebrate women for something other than being a stripper? "Hillary Clinton-this one's for you baby girl"
Hmu for tix for my comedy show tonight @ Starlight Ballroom starring Buckwild, Smokey, & Friends it's goin b funny as hell doors open @ 7pm
Ask and you shall receive. #Belly <3’s #Austin 4eva. A special shout-out is in order for one of our Belly Boo’s -- "
$8 back for $1 invested in safe #water & #sanitation. #Water4World Act--a sound investment! via
That niggas girlfriend is ugly af lmao almost throw up at prom when I seen her smh lol no standards at all
Don't Forget GTL Ladies Night Starts Tomorrow!!! Ladies Drink Free From 7-10pm & Every Group Of 4+ Receives A Complimentary Bottle!
I'm surprised you're even questioning yourself on that one.... Go celebrate!!
champagne party? Where do I sign?
Off to the doctor to be told all my blood tests are normal, I need to exercise more and sleep more.
bosh wade is not leaving the team
Pick up your slack!!! No one can stop you but you!!!
National Bologna Day! I personally heart a bologna sandwich. FYI: Stephen wrote about bologna and cheese in 'Salem's Lot'. Have a great day!
I still don't really know what #FF is.
Exactly! Hopefully we'll start to see a shift. Really excited to see where this series goes. I don't expect them to advance
; ohh so I'm not skinny but I'm not fat. ugh
wish my babe was here so i could lay on his chest
hahaha uhh not sure if serious ...
Anybody wanna watch #packers game from miller park parking lot?
Happy Hour starts early at Buddha-Bar! 4pm - 7, $5 sushi rolls, apps and drinks and fantastic deals on our signature cocktails! Woohoo!
#nyy #yankees Mark, your stubburnous to address the shift is the ONLY problem. The stats bear this out.You're putting the same amount (cont)
LOL...hope they get what they want
I swear this dog has no common sence
#embarrassing a pageant mom named her kid after her fav seafood.... o.O I feel bad for the little girl.
Barnes is a playmaker. Thought for a minute the skins were going to compromise draft position again.
You think life will get better when your older because you know more but in all reality it keeps screwing you over
Done with mca's
You know you're in a French department when you open the fridge and there's a big slab of butter on a plate.
Final #SMEI event of season! 5/11 5pm-?, Clipper Stadium. Incl nationally-recognized speaker, food, cash bar, ball game....
please oppose innovation killing SOPA and PIPA legislations. We need information to flow free & not more protections for 1%
balls Y/N
Whats up #twitter #tweeters!
I'm sorry;( but idk if I ca forgive you. you were being a douche!
I had too much salt today.
I'm chillin' with my pal Dos Equis. Who's with me?
Hell ya man, n I went for one last year.. sure he'd be down for that
Lots to celebrate today - Cinco DeMaio, 1month until the election, and (most importantly) about 2months until my brother comes home for R&R!
Note well taken.
War of the roses on Boy was that juicy! #scumbag #cheater 😡
I am glad you have support... sometimes people just dont understand the effects MS this is no joke.
good luck& have fun monday! cant wait to hear all about it!!!
with my favorite - Nathan <3 only person I feel completely comfortable around.
Penguins should get a low bond in court.....they are a low flight risk
ive gone through three boxes of tissues in three days!
When && Where
I'm reading My Mother She Killed Me, My Father He Ate Me: Forty New Fairy Tales and plan to finish this weekend. Love stories!
AMANDA! I LOVE IT. <3 <3
you are very welcome. :)
Off to Delaware today...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Kansas+Kentucky= Vizio
Only a few weeks left until Action Item at iLounge! We have a ton of awesome shows to announce soon! Tell your friends to follow us!
friends are those who actually tell you shit straight up whether it hurts you or not b/c they care thank you <3
And btw.... Maul and Obi fight it out on the end of a KICKASS 4-parter tonigt! #CloneWars This is gonna RULE!
IM TOO STUBBORN
my nigga for life!
North Carolina need to focus on the resources for seniors and the resources in public schools!
I dont feel up to doing anything but, sleep in my bed and it's only abt 2 be 10 o'clock
did release a similar statement when the GOP declared war on the uteri of America?
Getting Ready For This Play Im Part Of In Feburary...Ima Actor/Rapper/Teacher/Entertainer....I Can Do It All!!
Hey everyone! Happy Holidays and I hope Santa runs out of coal to give after he stops at house
Check out my "Ice Game", new single coming soon!!!
Have you tried Wellness brand? I have a friend with a cat with grain allergies that eats that.
Based on yout TL, I hardly think it's your last.
Burning bridges, make sure that they are no one is standing. And not waiting for you.
70,000+ is nothing to bock at. You are a pro Sir!
gosh the "blind side" is such an inspirational movie..
If we were smart we'd all realize that. : "Time is the most valuable resource that I have" -Billionaire Mark Cuban
Hello Terry how you doing..This is Kenneth Hall
Fingers crossed...
thank u
or got really bored so they started drinking part way through to make it last.
Thanks Amber!! Welcome to The Beau Show!
I like a lot of her other pics on her google images, but I don't think I pull off red well.
I act like one at times! Haha. x
Feeling like a million bucks im on a successful trajectory+got a new mentor to help navigate.
take your grubby mitts off my shrimp and grits. Not really. I like you.
My life is nvr on a stop.
Thanks! And: I don't understand hash tags. I'm simple folk. Dirt floors, paper bags, critters, boot sounds, etc.
Well, and a bottle of wine... :) RT : “All sorrows are less with bread.” Miguel de Cervantes
have a good show dude. Good luck!
Because the populace of MKE only has a taste for Cheddar cheese and lard, not sumptuous peanut stew or giant yams. Not okay.
no, the bottle in the picture lmao
You can edit posts in Google+, but you can't change the circle that you've shared it with.
KNOCK IT DOWN!
Right on. Last minute snagged a ticket outside!
RT if you wish you were poolside with a cocktail in Vegas right now...
Let me know
Hi teddy! Want to be my bitch?
Nothing says classy like big gold earrings that say "Juicy" on them.
Gortat on Duncan - "First of all he's a great player. Just like other veterans, with each year he's actually better and better."
Please let the chargers keep winning at home. It's worth the trip from LV if they win.
Sissy squats...the maker of champions. Boom.
Make your company stand out at the annual #DRFestivus by sponsoring a prize. Email
Is there a particular reason Amazon doesn't have #iPad3 up for pre-order? Aside from the Kindle.
I want a Dairy Queen vanilla milkshake 0_o
that disguntled google employee made sm intrsting points...y does each cmpany want2b same as others when their diffs truly made them great?
I miss it everyday! Keep that fire burning; you guys are doing fantastic work!
Just listened to on the radio. It's basically a sports show for TN people who are jealous of Alabama football and UK Bball.
Requirements Of iPod Accessories : Logan
Naw, now she's just singing really inspiring songs about doing things for her dead mother. Backfired.
This from a man who sells liquid energy! RT I know I'm new to this, but that was the most exciting end to match I've ever seen.
I think you just found the key. Model loving to learn. If we did that well we'd likely be a huge success.
good grief
Thanks a lot! Keep tuning in!
. Doesn't the rare ephemerality on the web have its own value for free expression though?
I am *devastated* to realize I missed the spring book sale at ! And so begins the long wait till the Fall Sale!
thanks for text back.
taco a sort of crispy, definitely need to change picture, but for $1.95, not a bad treat
3 sets of 3 min, damn my legs burn.
this is the first one I've missed in a few years - always a good time!
Been watching the Harry Potter marathon all day :') haha -izzy
When you smile at me, I feel like the whole world is mine .*
Courage is the power to let go of the familiar. ~ Raymond Linquist
Grab an old (clean) shirt and scoot on over to for the #LAZF Screenprinting Social! You're gonna look great....
RT : Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature. It will never fail you.~Frank Lloyd Wright
": Went to Mt Charleston with family 4 Mother's Day lunch. Beautiful, less than a hour from Vegas." I remember w/
Ugh. tomorrow is 4-20 and all my friends are gunna be high as fuck and im gunna be the only sober one.
Tennessee was fun! Got to play in the snow on the mountains! :D
It's also quite interesting to watch the backdrop and technology in today's theatre, Denisse Dufey said.
uh, I'd have to say Jodee :)
I, personally, love adding in Sunny D (or any orange juice)
Ugh opening shift 👎
Thanks for the mention!
me & my money tree listening to OutKast right now. never thought i would love another tree.
Thanks SO much for all of the AWESOME support on my YouTube channel! I should be putting up a new video for y'all today or tomorrow :)
Love feels like a heart attack </3..:/
I love you :)
Nope, not me. The tone is similar, but I would have done a better job. ;)
I have my mom hidden and put into her own "list" so she can only see certain things of mine. Makes life much more bearable.
Really excited about your funding. Great things ahead for you-what an innovative idea. Congrats!
nd ill add them to our gallery! :)
the sing alongs were great and I'll miss it too, but the committee is working hard to make it an awesome event.
Bridalplasty makes me sick! I just feel like it might cause more problems. Not to mention who deal with recover during planning!
Closed up the theatre for the night. But not before crashing and sleeping for 2 hours on the couch.
for real iv been face down in my bong for 10 min's iv herd a lot if things lol
#ezzo WOrk on transition to Twin Types. LIke the Mellon plug. Hered Inst format issues.
Beautiful day in NYC!!
Great analysis! RT That coldness wasn't the weather. That was a collection of shoulders of Southie residents
And, of course, there will be CavsZine #2's available at the Saturday show. Rise up and get your collector's item on!
Hope is going to be on #RAW tonight (:
New hot spot for cool cocktails in the CHI!?
April Fools! Though would be a dream job.
I must be getting old because the Skipper looks young! #sherwoodschwartz #gilligan'sisland #BradyBunch on tonight!
Looks like the good money is on #Brady from here on out.
I am sad also to miss NTC, SF is one of my favorite cites and NTC a great conference. Hope to be there next time.
Thanks Carla! Appreciate the compliment :D
Tweet your Big10 Career Expo questions between now and 9p for live answers to #big10expo,
thanks Philip cheers!
What to do today. I wanna swim again haha but Jackson would get bored at the lake. Why can't it just be June so we can go to Noah's lol.
thanks for the rt!!
If you get a call from me its my niece -_- she's calling everyone in my phone lmao
I would prefer that the April showers bring oodles of cash, but I'm used to being dirt poor so the May flowers are a nice perk.
Hey soul sister I don't want to miss a single thing you do tonight
Is anyone interested in sponsering me for the Miss California Pageant 2010??? I need one asap or can't compete!!
Have cooling or A/C questions? Send us a post or a DM for helpful answers from our team of the "coolest" experts in town.
is it a physical event? Or just a video?
I got Hedrick Hall! :D I'm okay with mine, not what I wanted but fuck it! LOL what'd you get?!
how thoughtful!! :-)
orange crush and vodka tastes a lot better than it should.
I sleep good night
Michael returns Tuesday from his well deserved vacation to Turkey. We look forward to his return.
So proud of our show tonight! Im so happy and grateful!!! Thank you so much for your support !!! See ya tomorrow ;)
The slips, trips and falls video I had to watch for work was the highlight of my morning.
finished LA Story.
you never saw him at a buffet
you're so stupid lol
Yes, we'll look for you at ALA! :)
Since I can't sleep... Im trying to figure out how i can get into the Monster Pit at the Born This Way Ball. + planning my attire!
40 minutes to the start of the pre-Yuri's Night #dcdrinkup! Join us starting at 6 pm !
Drinking at airport ---> stretching on people mover ---> fat lip.
Howdy! We're just getting our Twitter feed underway. Now if only Twitter would stop having issues, we'd be set.
Check out our new layout!
yes. Giving up sweets and non-natural sugar.
Crazy day, full of meetings and other fun stuff...Let's do it!
and no wii anymore. All yours if you wabt
Officer, I think you'd agree a "Pool" of blood is a gross overstatement.
I'm finally able to pick a #knitting #pattern just for ME! What should I #knit? Hmm...better check #ravelry ! :)
*hangs head in shame*
": I want to be on Wheel Of Fortune."
I kid, I kid.
I was at the artisan doughnut saloon and i realised my life is a little too much like Portlandia
you two are so! #Meta unlike
I'm obsessed with Santa Claus Is Coming To Town
No ustream again /:
i had a stage five clinger so this is the new twitter account...
RT : Now that Cherie's mom has passed on...we're carrying on her Mom & Dad's tradition on New Year's Eve/we did the same thing
If it ING bout money me no concern
making decisions feels good
My real goal is to do something with Albert Brooks
And when she screws up, don't come crying to me.
thanks for your input!!!!
I think you should take your job seriously, but not yourself - that is the best combination. - Judi Dench
Ditto on the NYC trip and the glorious reading room.
Today feels like a Christopher Robin kind of day.
Hey DB, had a great time on your Cloud Ride wheels today!
#np The Big Broadcast on the radio with , if ya wanna know what the music scene was like in my day go listen..real swell..
Can I get Chapter 7 of my brothers best friend plzz
Thanks for the kind words.
I was going to April Fools on Facebook that I'm pregnant but I'm too damn busy to field the responses. Oh well, maybe next year.
follow me back I <3 UR family and your show u guys r amazing!!<333 :)
Great Easter with the fam! Now finally watching my first game of the season.
Lars is quite the cowboy. "Aw, shucks". Loop the thumbs into the front of the pants & take some shots. The classic cowchick hottie pose.
seemed more eurotrash to me. Maybe jean Paul gaultier and antoine de Caunes will be commentating with cardboard giraffes?
They're attached to the document. I wonder if Amazon could delete if file was on the memory card.
I don't like it very much, and not interested in the overwhelming amount of food/craft things ppl I know pin.
I had it on before bed. Oooohhhhhmmmm....:)
yea man... Up here putn in work.
coconut oil. holy smokes. GAG.
Happy Military Spouse Appreciation Day!!
Meeting w corporate alliance colleagues today to work on brand and message strategy
"I'm a bad test taker" - stupid people everywhere.
Thats Awesome! At Least You Get Free Food Lol(:
what's good stranger!
i can't even sing billie holiday. this cold is getting outrageous.
yes! But his song is quite catchy :)
The world needs Peace
wow that's cool! Is your dog hyper all the time to?
