ACADEMY, n. A place of study for those who lack entrepreneurial gifts. Also, an excellent tax write-off.
that pretty good haha
omg hahaha idk where she went
nobody likes you, love your best friend ever!
My passport is ready and waiting!
Need a place in #Ithaca from June 15-August 1 for a family of three plus one cat... Ideas?
The #big tuna needs to go away forever. Who's with me?
You know that you are an adult when you are excited about going to work on a Monday. :)
Beyond Heaven, Federal Gov, & multi national corporations, Uber wealthy ppl pull the current Republican leadership like puppets on a string.
Keep a look out for my later insane tweets By The Way IMA BANANA :D
I also have designs to create a kiddie super PAC for young readers to get into politics. I'd call it POWER PAC.
My Geography grade :(
hey its my dream!
Sorry Cena, but you're a dead man.....
just like Nash, Malone, Iverson, Barkley, and Rose. Think about positives said about Barkley & Malone too much hate for LBJ
its a conspiracy dammit
Yep! “: #Obama u created a war on whites with a fake war on blacks, a #WarOnMoms w/a fake #WarOnWomen what's left? Vegetarians?
It would!!!
Seriously? You'll be there forever...
Tea Party candidate Rand Paul may have taken KY, but in many other states it's not too late! Get out and vote while you still can!
RT U don have to like me...im ok with that
lol not true but thank you
I have all the money I'll ever need - if I die by 4:00 p.m. today.
Blessed are the flexible, for they shall not be bent out of shape. ~Author Unknown
Who ever controls this twitter is a complete idiot.
Admit it. You’re waiting for something you know won’t happen."
I'm done letting you fuck with my head.
mothers day & my mother and kamil&ula are in a fight and they are here !i wanna leavei don't wanna see where this is goingtoend
Cheesecake factory!!
I need food -_-
Wish I could b woke up by tht
Turning our haikus into movement tonight. Spring time: cherry trees /bloom, inspire dance, music. / But it is fleeting.
Haha really!? What happened!?
just who is Hannibal Lecter anyways. Wasn't that decades ago?
YUM! Thank you Yooneroos :)
this was on conan? i missed it. ill eagerly await for you to post it.
You're getting the same screen from your desktop computer? Do u see a link to "Explore" in the top left? Can u send a screenshot?
did you eventually get chili fries?
Take a tour of our International Newsroom, Skype room and rich media cluster on January 20 from 10am-6pm during our Winter Welcome Wed.
Set a goal that absolutely terrifies you...
Getting music off iTunes!
Amazing rescue!
field trip! No actually, it's amazing. Definitely go!
U lose from 130-205 calories roller skating......hm.....so why not bring the whole family to our Beginning Of Summer Skate Party?
We all need to realize that we all make mistakes.no one is perfect.
ha! I'm convinced that if my dept raced together, we would all get along famously or duke it out on the course ;)
Misfits and brats
I only played about 5 minutes of a show. I already had a low battery and didn't want to completely drain my battery.
Flagship Hotel, which stands out into the water is intact.
I have an autistic brother waiting at Powell St. #BART station trying to get home. Worried.
depending on whether I send the ticket (to include shipping cost) probably around $75. I paid about $68 for it
No you are not........and shame on anyone who would say you are a lousy friend hon...
oh to be young again and back in school. Here at Stanford.
I am upset that the jazz in this area in not being supported!
our friends @ FOC are doing psych study & looking 4 stage 4 liver cancer or stomach cancer pts/CG's (NOT drug trial)
Too true! Wow!
Same to you=p. Which is way past bedtime on my end lol.
I debate whether Joker is the paradoxical savior of Gotham. Snarky report on my own derivation. Joker effect debunked.
Realtor pals: Need residential rental property in #JMS dist- pref 4 bdrm, will consider 3. All leads appreciated!
im trying my nigga
naaaa stopping in ATL and IND at my relatives places.
thanks for the info. The thrift store had that one nes game and I never heard of it so I hope it was cool to ask you. Peace!
see also, I've been googling for an hour & still no answers
RT : #Gadaffi.... Look.. up in the sky... is it a bird, is it a plane? Why yes, it's lots of planes over #Libya . Adios, Pendejo
Looks like a nice day to buy The ToyMaker tickets www.nymf.org/thetoymaker
anyone on that jet blue plane on twitter right now??
RT : The IRS is the worst organization in the history of the world. Why don't you start letting people chat with you or something!...
dinosaur plums are both delicious and possessing of an awesome name.
If you are a writer follow !!! she's got it!
Forget Groupon today. Just had Half price special @ DeMarco's. Great Risotto with shrimp and asparagus.
who's seen harry potter? Is it worth seeing?
ya I added the pic to that tweet... Lol
You can kiss me(;
I meant like presentation wise lol. Like how does it look?
im coming home today:) LA to NY, later sc its been real but time for
inside of either yet! I'm rooming with my friend and her two friends also!
Tweeps: looking for expert who can discuss CTE & head trauma on my radio show today. Any suggestions? Reply 2
Awesome. Is taking one too? Also if you're going to take a history class Bruce Thompson is amazing.
Such is life for a San Diego sports fan. At least we can drown our sorrows in Halloween candy tonight.
We're going to rock the heating and air conditioning industry as you know it starting January 1st ... stay tuned!
So glad I have a treadmill in my house.
You just make me all warm inside c:
It's a Randy Rogers kinda night
Chi talking about providing computational access, not read access, to primary content. Googlesque.
Morg-Allen's got a few funny things for you up his sleeve
Who has a kik?
IT'S RAINING! :D
Little justin bieber has been stuck in my head ALL day, please leave now
what did you get surgery on?
#getbetter at it
Poised Creation has gone through the ups and downs! Thanks for being there!
Live like Jesus. Love like Jesus.
Newt, you're DONE. No viability. No base. Your just not relevant to the American people. in
I think drinking coffee on an empty stomach this morning was a bad idea. I just felt the coffee sucker punch me with caffeine jitters.
RT Hey ya'll HEY, GIRL!!
Oh well RT ": Atlanta (GA) CBS46: Best Buy confirms plans to close two Atlanta-area stores”
Thanks. and yea he gone have all the lil preemy chicks
ya bro killin'
haha!!! oh and you can now set different text tones for your different contacts RT : the poor, unfortunate iPhoneless people
take a shot for me.
I mean I have no idea whats going on with the boys. It's a streetfight and they got right crossed. Punch back or sit down!
Vagina Monologues Busan.
#itshardwhen you love, love but it hates you
From #TheShining to #SomethingsGottaGive, Jack Nicholson, you slay me...
#Capitals score first with a John Carlson goal it looks like.
A day like every other.
I see how tonight is supposed to play out: date night with self. #SoSuperAmped!!!!
Drake and josh-MY SHOW!
Paper plane to airplane. Life bless
there's one in white plains and on central ave own Yonkers
I may have no Vday plans, but neither does Rooney Mara. We're just getting juices. We're totes BFFs. Granted, my definition of BFFs is loose
Worst season of Survivor EVER. Cast was horrible. Think it's time to bail.
just be like bon qui qui could teach this shit better cause u can have it Ur way!!!!
No joke, followers. I'm in dire need of a Retweet. Please please please.
Project can't change you you have to do that on your own.
government may not prohibit expression of a idea simply cuz society finds the idea itself offensive WilliamJBrennanJr
You're right...it has been almost a year. Thanks Daniel.
I need help with my crayon art I have no idea what I'm doing ah
1000 followers!!! Thanks Buggs, spread the love!! #FOLLOWTHEBUGGY !!! Can't wait to meet u! #SUMMER2011!
♀Gossiping Is The Devils Radio....Don't Tune In♀
Putting More Red In
Just saw being filmed on 28th and 5th!
I miss you more <3
Too tired to finish this beat but im goin to anyway
I couldn't laugh cause I got that awkward stare like you better not tell haha
WHY DOES NO ONE SELL TOMS
thats a bad ass movie. or should i just come over and bring my macbook?
I am very good myself (:
I am guessing this was during the 3 hour bus commute?!
Cool Cool Yoga Clothes images
That sucks! Sorry you're not going! Well, I'll let you know when it screens again. Thanks!
Unfortunately I can't give out beds to all of the people I follow. :( But you're welcome to come visit it at the store!
Just got back from watching Coraline at the movies, it was so worth the extra price for it being in 3D. Now I need to read the book.
To avoid being disappointed, minimize expectations. -Chinese saying
Hey there! How are you?
A real woman avoids drama, she knows her time is precious and she's not wasting it on unimportant people or things. Thats the girl i want."
Love the store! Wish there was one in DC. Would love it if you could take a look at my line sheets too. Keep in touch,
I believe is the perfect compliment to in the #Packers 3-4 defense.
Mr Bolling my hero. PLEASE get this massive power grab out in the open. THANK YOU 4 being there!
Sneaks Up Mixtape Artist......... Last Call for Submissions...get at me if you want on...
ugh! So mad I was gonna prank you with the rest of the Mahomies but I fell asleep! Haha love you <3 u could never let us down!
Happy 2012! Thank you and right back at you. Hugs. <3
read "A Boy with a Thorn on His Side" by its really good.
- you knw my answers oh so well lol
#WhenYouLoveSomeOne You can't cheat on them, but if you do it should be painful for you for doing something so stupid to hurt that person.
Packing for Cali...and Kentucky...and Puerto Rico right now. Should be an interesting week and a half!
Who ARE you ?! RT : Hawks win awesome game back in town will catch up son
#gradadm #emchat folks: When trying to increase your applicant #s do u forgo fairs you've not had any past applicants from? Or target them?
RT “: a goal in PD seems to be to get faculty really talking, even arguing, in appropriate ways, &engaged in dialogue #jedchat”
Thank you! We will see you tonight!
How long does it take for someone to fall in love???i think it only takes one look for u to fall in love:))</3
baby I dont know how im gonna survive this fatal attraction, is going to eat me alive. Im not suppose to want ya
Im Bo yo!!
Love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve continuation of the species.
SOFAS $ 595.- EVERTHING MUST GO !!! UP TO 65 % OFF !! HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Wow. ICONiacz Are Supposed To Be Supportive.
The YMCA says "our brand is everything!" Really? IP lawyers taken over the world? Doesn't the YMCA activities other than brand protection?
- they were rejected by their top choice - both african american, for football and basketball
Billy Magnussen, aka Casey Hughes from #ATWT in another movie, TWELVE with Chance Crawford, seen Billy in more movies since #ATWT got axed
Yea fingers crossed. That - along with the soon to open Langermanns next door - are two great spaces. And there is parking.
And no worries at all, it isn't urgent or anything. Whenever you get to it is totally fine! :)
RT : Hello Milwaukee! Info for our Youth Football Fundraiser will be available very shortly, but save the date...July 12th, 2011!
Cab-metronorth-subway-shuttle-JFK = blows
Fun as One fund raiser tonight at SideBar on 15th and Irving! Check out funasone.org for more info!
seems like yesterday..
....skinny eyes Johnson? WTF? how do you have skinny eyes?
Whoa! Flashback! What year is this??
it's nice texting somebody that's interesting
#Whedon et al., Buffy The Vampire Slayer Season 8, compilation vols. 1-8. Graphic novel fix for those of us who desperately miss Sunnydale.
Lmao, my grandma got her first tattoo today.
Drove by my ex and honked as loud as could. Plus I threw that middle finger out there too. ;)
the sad part is, once you finally let someone have you, they stop doing what it took to get you.
Wedding Season. Duh.
thank you for the follow...hoping we can share our knowledge!
*WHY* does healthcare bill have provision allowing extra fees for balance carried throughout the month?
Why Target Would Want To Kick Amazon Out
haha. Agreed ;3 we will soon!
do u follow me?
Who got to play the #diablo3 beta this past weekend? What did you think?
Most people wanna live an effortless life but You make the most progress when you're the most challenged
Steven Pinker argues that humans are getting less violent, gives stats, OK, begging the question for a moment: why? bit.ly/rdZxn4
That is such a weird, powerful story. Glad your students were engaged with it.
Right b4 God is about 2 do something big in & thru u-seems like the sky is falling but it's really that u r bout 2 BLOW UP!
round two tonight losers walk home
what do you mean? =D
Simon Van Booy speaks about his new novel "Everything Beautiful Began After" at the Brown Bag Lecture Series on Wednesday [7/20] @ noon!
Alec Ross Hillary's innovation team tackles brave new digital world...
If both parents are left-handed, 50% of their offspring will be left-handed. Two righties only have a 2% chance of having a lefty.
UCSC Com Sci Prof discusses crowd-sourced peer reputation systems at Wkipedia. Involves vector diagrams--awesome.
(AP) --Police forced to disperse hundreds of students who gathered at the UMass-Amherst after the Patriots lose Super Bowl.
On my way to the Hyatt for the big party!
I think I'm sleeping all day!
Join us tonight
haha wow i'm in the same sentence as tom petty.
#IJustWanna go to college, get this girls number, see Thunder win, be 18, get my license, make money, get a job, make my mom happy
Doing my hair & makeup . Then cousins are coming over .
Attention Facebook Friends!We will be removing our friend page the end of May and moving to our Like page. Like us today!...
You only live once #YOLO :)
RT : Shout out to and my new followers
i' ve been wanting to read jim shepard's new collection but have been too cheap to buy hardcover. Loved last book.
free food
Our expertise includes all aspects of commercial flat-sheet printing. We want to be your one stop printing shop.
On the LIRR and realized, if you're not shouting, you're not talking.
Q6. The biggest tip is to probably first READ as many other similar blogs as possible!
A smile is a facelift that's in everyone's price range. - Tom Wilson
is in need of 2 Project Engineers...one mechanical and one electrical for the Philips in the Pittsburgh area. Anyone interested in hearing …
Lmao. I wonder if Numon remember the night he stayed over. That was a fun night. Haha.
Thanks for the RTs! Hope to see you Wednesday!
#bibliotech12 #onlineeducation inverts traditional preference for research over
It's pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness. Poverty and wealth have both failed
NATO means my building can't get deliveries or have construction happen on Thursday or Friday. Also less parking in our 'hood.
We would! Still coming there tho RT : of i could spend summer with my boy we would get up too so much funny stuff!
Had a great time with and Looking forward to defending my title as worst bowler.
what's up maa
Some bitches love getting on lous nerve bitch fuck off .. and you call yourself a directioner ?
awww Keep living cat u are an inspiration
Up way to early
So sorry to hear that. Can they get you into one of the club lounges at least? Way more comfortable and private...
Note to self. People walking through NYC with ashy crosses on their heads are not zombies.
You're probably right.
Today! RT "Let go of the fears that hold you back"!!!!!
It struck a nerve cause I'm 33 :) I'm pretty good, busy busy as usual! What pizza is out there? Yay!
Love them! They came out exactly as I designed Thank You!
Are you selling?
love you
Why are they chanting it RT : All those Let's Go Eat chants are making me hungry.
Thanks, I'm enjoying your tweets!
#OHELLNAW - you found a lump? Call the doctor - early detection of breast cancer can save your life. Cancer is not a death sentence.
The Bakehouse will be closing at 7 pm tonight and the Scholars inn is closed, both for our annual employee party!! plz rt
Just one of those days where it feels like you're walking up a down escalator.
If you're going to be a youtube guru for anything and post tons of videos - don't ever ever film a video flapping your jaws on some gum. Ugh
Re-charging! It takes my breathe when outcomes are not what I think what they should be... Always for the better!
Shot my EF 17-40 L Ultra Wide lens yesterday. 17mm is ultra* wide on a full frame, I shot the edges of my lens hood for much of the day. Lol
when was the last time you did something for the first time?
For those who may have missed it. Reports indicate the #Packers will open the season on 9/9 against the #49ers at 3:15 at
O big "man?" on twitter
Get ready for Pies for B+! Pie your RA in the face AND raise money or the at the same time!
umm I'm gonna go for modern lol
What a beautiful mothers day! happy mothers day to all!
Life With Out Love Is Like A Tree Without Blossoms An Fruit.
word, so now we know a smuggler hasn't used your dress! lol Can't wait for it to be in Lexington!
extended version too?
yeah we mos def need u here... =)
So kind of you!
We hope to announce a Battle of the Bands contest Youtube-style shortly! Start spreading the word to singer/songwriters and bands!
And if you dont your a selfloving arrogant asshole with a shitty tv show thats like a spinoff of Americas funniest home video
I always wonder exactly how all these tweeters keep a lot of followers on this platform. Is it a strategy?
The most beautiful makeup of a woman is passion. But cosmetics are easier to buy. ~Yves Saint-Laurent
Dave Pelz clinic this morning, then shotgun start at Superstition Mountain. Looking forward to an awesome Day 2 of the Xona Media Classic!
Got a condo on my wrist girl im cashin out~
Yay! How exciting!
Youngblood, don't be so meeeeaaan.
Wade is a honey badger....fierce!!
No one cares that you like or hate drugs. We get it... and we don't care. You people really grind my gears :|
Welcome to the weekend! How are you planning on spending your Saturday?
I dont know how to feel about today....
We're playing Cowley's in Farmington this Wednesday at 9:30 until who the crap knows? Don't tell the spoon, but it should be forkin' sweet.
I WANNA GET MY MA ND GMA NAME TATTED THIS WEEKEND!!!! HM BUT WHERE?
AS IT SHOULD BE O-H! RT our Political Desk wearing OHIO STATE shirts, poor folks!
Ive found my heart is lighter than ever, but it is also filled with you
truth stays in the past happily :) lies catched up with you in the future unfortunately :(
I'm watching #hungerhitshome for 's b'day. Cc:
Happy Birthday man! Enjoy your day and be safe! have fun in Chicago. #Knights+JordanNation
Yo shakes meet me at hurricane grill ! Lunch, glad your home, LA ain't MIAMI that's fo sho! More color if you know what I mean! Lmao
#illbeatchoass if you don't wish a happy birthday! oh and
know why... Why do you think that may be? We use to be able to talk about anything & everything, & now he just ignores me...
OMG! Are the Patriots serious right now?! This game is a joke!
I miss that show queer as folk I loved watching that show
B/c of #yoga I am more open and chill in my #mediation practice. How does yoga enhance your legal practice or your approach to clients?
Washington Post editorial board on #KXL: "We almost hope this was a political call because, on the substance, there should be no question."
Why don't you add me on facebook? We could be friends, you know that?
lmfao, what he gone do throw a temper tantrum, i fight good. n few niggas still fight.
sorry to have missed you! Let's try again soon. Anything I can do to help your suicide prevention group, I will. TM will help.
ik right! hahah i'd need to get that dress taken in!
Headed to I la Headed to inlaws with sick grand kids. What a hoot
Send Me A Question With A # && I Promise I'll Answer It 100% Honest!!! (:
RIP Levon Helm, Drummer, Vocalist & founder of The Band
none of my crushes ever liked me!
i am assuming Parsippany, NJ? What are the requirements? I know someone in the food industry looking for a position. Thanks!
Pls do! May already have some stuff, but I had a researcher working on transpeople bullying & was disappointed w our selection
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, Matt!! And a HUGE CONGRATULATIONS on finishing your director's cut! Can't wait to see it...now get some sleep!
ya if your not going haha
about why I didn't mention anyone...
Oh dear!! Your not even there yet! Once again bowing my head in prayer for my friend Shannon.
Im closer to the clouds up here*
Lovin' my 80s Pandora station today~ Especially since I've been accused of spending high school listening to #TheCure & smoking ciggies ; )
Love with your heart, not with your eyes.
Tevez hit by month-long lay-off
Its almost 5am & im Up doing my twitter profile, need more followers . Team follow back!
do you have IG?
had an amazing time at rollerjam thankyouuu soo much!! Hope to see you again soon:)
she always talks like that to him! #favoritechild haha
Have I mentioned how much I HATE HATE HATE the MS Office ribbon interface? 30 years of UI refinement out the window in an instant.
Book your next networking event with us we have various tech capabilities and food that is sure to impress your guests!
there should be no age limit on love, thats something no one can control.
If the Bruins play the Sens in rd 2, does that mean Rene Rancourt brings back the flag vest?
Oh and he likes to be called professor Johnny Depp or professor pirate
Got booked for Monday on Gossip Girl. Gonna play a Paparazzi Photographer. YAY! ;-)
#Pacifica, leftover from a #UFC party.
i apologize for not being a good friend to you. I hope you can forgive me
SEEMS LIKE GOT THE MOST FANS "NATION WIDE" #RETWEET WERE YOU CHEERING FROM!
Great to speak with you last night on radio show. We gotta connect soon. Blessings!
a great way to win the argument (sic) sarcasm & pun intended RT : Climate Alarmist Calls For Burning Down Skeptics' Homes...
9pm on a Friday & this place is poppin'! Who knew old jews could stay up so late? I guess if there's food...
very cool!
If only I could get to my car🚙...that would b GREAT! This bus🚌 is taking forever!
If you want a fabulous app for your iPhone or iPad, Wall About You is the greatest!! Thank you, Angela!
doing great. Some blending. Some trying flipping. Really thinking forward and that is all I can ask!
Enjoyed my first Spin class ever this morning at our Charleston Family YMCA! For those who haven't tried it - I would give it 5 stars.
Tonight's quinquennial: meteorite & gun voted in, only the ring voted out, so only meteorite went in.
I got you bro. You just have to pay for the gas of my private jet :)
if CU can stop with the penalties they could comes back and win this thing.
we built it, they will cum!
Happy Thanksgiving!
An enthusiastic cashier just made my day. Crazy how your mood can change someone else's :)
RT : awesome. Thanks for playing!
Spain announces ?27B in budget cuts
A heartfelt congrats to you Octavia! You were great in the role & rocked that dress! Blessings upon you as you continue!
I'm so mad I'm at work right now..y'all tweets making me wanna see Whitney's homegoing service
I took care of you today at Red Lobster and u tried denying who u were but I knew better. :) GREAT to meet you. Big fan! :)
Beyond excited to do nothing but watch movies on my couch tonight... And bonus, no alarm clock going off tomorrow morning! Lovely!
"The greatest garden in the history of the world" on Madison Square Garden.
Wanna zip out of Baltimore? Enter to win The Ultimate Ziptrip. (Airfare, hotel, food, and zipping included.)
It's 's BIRTHDAY #HAPPYBIRTHDAYHOLLAND #LOVE We/I love you holland! Have a super kickass day! You deserve it!
“: #whereconf probably has the best soundtrack. Now playing: Cut Copy” Agreed! I think I heard some Caribou in there earlier too.
Sometimes, I just need an alone time.
haha just thought id let you know since we were talking about it today (:
He's still there. Just slackin'
Checking if my webcam is on when I do really shady shit is my grown up version of checking under my bed for monsters
A person who is nice to you, but rude to the waiter, is not a nice person. ~ Dave Barry
Rex Grossman predicts Skins will win NFC East! Same day NFL announces day of game drug testing
Great minds think alike! (lol). I'll be listening!
I just linked up with Fit Girlz inc. we are on a major movement to get everyone in shape. Be on the lookout for 2012.
she needs to hop off! You dont like her! Tag her?
amen to that
RT #MPSFChampions good job team!!! Boomer sooner 4 life!!!
Late night/ early morning infomercials <<<
it's not hard... just type in what you're doing. if you want to "tweet" privately, first type "@" then their username.
Happy Birthday ! 😊
something like that. Transubstantiation if I was a Catholic
In other news: I did alright at the track today. First time I've ever walked away with winnings.
Breakfast for dinner is so hot right now.
Like My Status && Me && Tiffani Michelle Will Do... Ratee Cuff Or Duck <3
Look it up!
Why is Justin Bieber at the Mayweather fight?! Rando...
#IllTradeBoozerFor Secretary of Education Arne Duncan. Y'all seen him ballin' All-star weekend.
How was the Waiter's Race last night? Wish we were there!
Friends said someone went as me for Halloween, but they don't know who it was. Would that unsettle anyone else?
Thanks for all the #FF's!
Excited about the tweetchat that just started about
Us girls we're so magical: soft skin, red lips, so kissable. Hard to resist, so touchable. Too good to deny it ain't no big deal.
I am not too awfully unhappy with the election results tonight. Fancy that!
Chanc Persteiner's major themes for balancing accomplishments & risk: $$, student success, physical safety, regulation, reputation URMIA11#
I like all music from screamo to country.
he hasnt said anything and i havent tlked to him today
Are you in gift-wrapping mode? How about house wrapping? I'll help you wrap your home in #energy efficiency, just call!
Wow, I just referenced to "this AM", when it's already 2 p.m. Really? Yes, #timeflies. Just another manic Monday ...
AND I-E-I AM NOT SURPRISSSSSSSSEEEDDDDDD!
I'm weak for #TheVoice. Just can't handle them letting go a singer: ow-ie.
James Witte begins by asking us to move beyond Digital Dualism #ttw12 #d1 "It's all human-human interaction"
First my neighbors sawed a tree into bits in the dark. Now my street looks like a spooky horror film set. Eep!
And thus the waiting game begins!
You'll find you King, one day. Especially if his eyes work...
yay! I can't wait! <3
MARCH is #finally here, can you taste the MADNESS?? What about our $1 Minis, $3 Miller/Coors, and $5 Bacardi Bombs?
#RatchetBoyAnthem Coming to itunes near you!!!!
Human beings are not alone. Hope is a gift, not that God gives, but that only we humans can give to each other." Elie Wiesel
I want to go to Johnson hs because that's where Austin went for like a week omg
:))) make that music!
Some beats sent brotha
No AskJoey this week because of New York Fashion Week but catch up on fashion news on our Industry Wire! Happy Friday everyone!!...
think of yourself like fine wine...you're only getting betterwith age!
miss ya!
I would be really pissed off if I was a bender and Amon takes away my bending.
hey home with your cheese, you should come over for dinner, made carnitas, beans and rice!!
How does seating work for the talks? Best seats go to people who their first?
Val Kilmer used to be so HAWT back in the day. What happened?!?!? He looks so GAWDawful now!
I tweeted him on here .
This has been such a good year :) looking forward to the next one!
Forgot all about twitter. Hi twitter.
at cracker barrel fina get my shamari on! As #oomf says.
I don't like going to summer school :/
Warnings for misconduct should contain 2 vital elements: Describe what employee is doing wrong,State consequences if behavior continues
stop being so mean mane dats getting old
Calm on the outside.....but having an internal freak-out...yupp...soon enough i'm sure it'll start ruining my calm look right now...lol
#NP "Don Cartagena" Fat Joe ft. Puff Daddy
A Girl in my Psych class just said "Woman fake orgasms for relationships, and men fake relationships for orgasms"
Doherty wouldn't say if Uthoff is meeting or has met with Barry Alvarez, who would be the next step in the appeals process.
great job as always
like by briggadoon a lil bit!:)
U still want that cell phone footage I got from the show on Thurs?? Its Ryno...
last dance class :(
Happy Birthday!
Only 18 days of school in May!
Make sure to like this page, the old Einstein! Music page will be taken down soon.
If ur goal is to keep gay ppl from getting married, u have way too much time on ur hands! Find a #hobby. Knit, crochet or just STFU!
hey -- sorry I missed you last week at But I did get the kind note and moonshine. :). Hope to meet you soon. Thx!
#WantAnR8 i would love a dependable vehicle to get me safely to n from work in downtown Detroit....
I guess when y'all get off work
We would like to thank Kyungsung University, South Korea for attending summer school at HFC..
has been experiencing 'crazy, vivid, horrific nightmares' for the past week.
some glitch with potions, I think is what he said!
In a conversational mishap my mom just combined bieber with twilight.." So he was playing drums at age 4 and then was married...vampires"
The same thing that happened to B.Boudreau will happen to coach Q. Even great coaches have a limited shelf life. Coach Q has reached expir.
They were zamboni-ing Alki this AM, smoothing out the sand. A foreshadow to an NHL team, I know it.
Big Show At Kimbro's Cafe in Franklin TN Saturday Night "Melody Guy's Welcome Home Party Show" Starts at 7:30 pm
What do coaches look for in a player? Don't just do one thing well, do many things well. goo.gl/U9ObJ
Must win tonight for the #Rangers, #leggo CJ! Pull a 'Derek Holland'....
Also, next time I'm out, I'm going to order my friends a round of Electric Drew Garrison's. YOU are welcome.
my grandmas lol
Let us restore the beauty of your natural stone call us 203 8131084
was the full moon affecting my brain today? i think maybe.
Belated thnx! Hope you had an awesome weekend!
you've been hacked
Come see me live hard rock cafe Hollywood ca April 14 starts 7:00 pm giving out free stuff
"at the end of the day," it deepens the inequality between the genders.
sorry you spent heartfelt time on your cute article, but. Bison!!!!!!!
my mom always told me to eat off my own plate first, before focusing on other peoples drama. I've always had 2 doggy bag my drama
Go to the soiree!
We appreciate you following PC on Twitter!! :)
Did you ever find yourself asking why all your friends think that one guy is super cute??? I mean... HE SMELLS LIKE CHEESE!!!
Let's keep our friendship alive via Twitter!
Unreal. Broncos went from 60:1 odds 2 win the super bowl a few months ago to 7:1 odds today purely based on volume of bets.
Your thoughts matter. Space is a container which is best filled with positive energy to heal the planet.
i just ate chease from a bottle =)
Okay this is one of those times where I have to actually mention Julie... So HI
going to see tonight for the first time. I have a feeling it might be pretty close to a religious experience.
Oo oo I'll be... Madge?! MT Tix officially purchased for premier of #HungerGames considering dressing up as Katniss as well
: by two local political science professors who speak regularly with the media, but have never worked in politics in their lives.
Hoping you are having a great day, Your Majesty.
Nicholas didnt wake me up and gave Mom presents without me. But he woke me up after to play Skylanders... I love my little buggy <3 lol
I did! How was yours?
im at the end of the red line. Come see me:) what are you doing down here?
Noted... Traveling to Beirut next spring. Maybe I'll walk everywhere!
I think it May rain on me.
tired of being that chick....
Just eight more fans gets me to 400. Go tell the world. Thanks.
That's right better make her way over here.
About to watch #punkd with and I'm shaking in my bra out of excitement for the best Papi in town,
Clarifying: looking for prosumer ultracompact #camera. Large sensor, manual modes, fast ISO.
Nothing kills a giggle party like joking that you may be a psychopath.
Follow my coolest friend
Warped Tour isn't coming to Idaho :/ idk what ill do without my yealy warped fix and trying to get v.I.p passes from :/
Looks like he's the one who has some personal issues he should keep to himself.
with three minute long TV TO's every four minutes, depth should not be an issue...ever in tourney
now Jaime Bonilla can scheme at a higher level. Enough practice in south bay. Good luck & good riddence
says we've been fighting over control of info since 3rd C BC, cites Alexandria library
Grace Potter And The Nocturnals http:// www.theaquarian.com/2010/06/17/grace-potter-and-the-nocturnals-grace-potter-and-the-nocturnals/
Me too! Rob's brilliant! :)
so *that* proves a connection between #ows and the gunmen? :rolleyes:
It feels like New Years eve like it was just yesterday. 2012 is going by so fast, we're already here in May. Time doesn't wait for anyone.
#SFIMAtweetup Panel - Amy Mandelbaum, Interactive Marketing Manager, My Coke Rewards, The Coca-Cola Company
Wish Obama would just STOP playing politics! Giving "Amnesty" 2 illegals thru executive order!? If Bush pulled this- #outrage from the left!
#budinger can jump... but he has no creativity
hey if their going to keep you there for hours their going to keep you safe :)
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I <3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!;))<3ily
love it! a show on the Madison, WI community station used to play that every year.
Happy Mothers' Day to your moms!
Greatest game ever! neilson was out in full force. And he liked our #captainpumasign !
Seriously? RT “: Someone wearing a yellow hat will have the answer to your questions.”
Computer problems? Not for us! We've got the CURE!
finally get to meet in person Tristan :)
House Ag Committee voted to cut $33 billion #SNAP /foodstamps today. Impacting all low-income families in US.
wait are we talking about Pete rose?
Be Writing Them Bangers! You're A Prime Example Of Sucess!
Hello Santa Fe and Del Norte Credit Union Friends, see you on September 2nd!
Heading back to the D from WA... The last time I ever have to say bye to my love. Next time we see eachother it will be forever!!!:-)
Thanks for the mention ! Thanks for the RT !
Wolf gets his first hit of the year on a bloop to center.
Thank you. :) x
Up..really early for softball. So Good Morning! :)
After successful auditions in LA, don’t forget next auditions for ‘Laughing Stock’ in London on 6th April 2009!
It was better RT : Apparently everyone does -__- RT : I liked other avi better!
I think I have a dozen old phones. I could score big
What are you trying to do? Maybe I can help.
girl shut up u sick..
totally agree
"The pain from the past makes the pleasure way better."
u kno this man r u goin to the Easter thing granny is having
Comedy central. Kevin hart. Awesome
#classical Sketches of Classical Persian Ambience Found in New Picture Book
you have a stronger heart than I.
hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but i'm a potato, and I float in gravy :)
So sad to be leaving Chicago. Hehehe took so many videos with me<3.
my niece tells me London Bridge is falling down. Is it true?
“: hi thank U 4 followin' :) ciao by Italia”what's your email for music?
Got some good news my friends... I am the new representative for Treasures. Looking for the best in watches and jewelry? Look 4 us!
I rather have my neighbors play loud hip hop over loud dubstep any day of the week. This is kind of terrible.
Palm Beach Parenting's little "C.E.O" Collin had his first tooth pop through today! :)
the real question here is, isn't passed your bed time Miss Shay Nicole Avery! lol
me too, lady! Congrats on finishing up your semester!
Not calling no names, but if you are married & KNOW you will cheat & you live in Cali, please get a prenup!!!!!!
Today all day
haha, yeah it has been awhile for me too :)
Time to do my hw loo
RT Haha I still watch it from time to time. Motivation to do a good deed every now and then.. Still in San Diego bro.
quit tweeting and driving!
you'll get to one day :)
too soon?
To lose a friend is easy, to gain a friend, now that is hard. - Daily Quote by Mature
#Watching Suits
...sorry no tinting at the moment. We do have windows with Low-E glass though.
Me too! I need a week to process! RT : reviewing my notes from #SYSoul & garnering even more GEMS the 2nd time around.
Happy birthday
it's just so ridiculous!
Kings doing what San Jose couldn't do: creating traffic and chaos in front of Elliott. Constantly driving to the net
See all I had to do was call out the #Bruins and they tie it up woo
In N' Out Hotdog
Ah, gotcha. Drat. Not right away. We support cash sales world-wide, but because of the credit card companies [...cont...]
OMG NEW MOON WAS GREAT I LUVED AND IM GONNA WATCH IT IN THATERS AGAIN!!! EXCITED!!!
After today I just have comm 2500 and then nutrition on Friday
What up People! Be on the lookout for our newest location in Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall!!!
Dez Young Niccaz R PETRIFIED 2 Throw Punches. Dey Only Wanna Throw Bullets.
Phil Long #cni12s talking about AR. Phones are a remarkable set of instruments. Android phone has 30 sensors.
My alarm goes off in less than 4.5 hrs.
a lot of hotel time
The U.S. and Brazil plan to boost trade in Cachaca and Tennessee Whiskey. Cachaca will be recognized as a distinct Brazilian product.
Had a family meeting, parents said the MIGHT get a divorce... I'm balling 😭😢😱
More contest winners! Ee
this is so new... No idea what I'm doing ...
In those cases they were placed under the one we felt was most relevant at the time
Did you see on the news that McDonald's McRib is made with pig stomachs, pig hearts, pig tripe (intestines) - Good to know!!!
welcome back😊 lol
.. and, has just released a new album.. trying to find a link to it..
RT : Champ: I feel like I'm a Denver native. ... I'm home here. That played a big role in my decision to stay.
'I have great faith in this next generation that they will tie the personal to the political' Nancy Keenan on
Location scouting went great today! Stay tuned for some pictures!
You are human, give yourself a break today (and a hug).
RT : Create your own presidential campaign ad using historical footage and your own video, images, and sounds:...
haha you will
wish I didn't have to work tomorrow so I could see play in Bowling Green!!!! :(
Remember when the NBA playoffs were relevant?
you rang lol
I couldve been at the Lakers game last night and David Beckham was there... Wahhh
I'm holdin you to it
well I guess I should've asked if you are a MAHOMIE first!:D my bad:/
Their IPAs are a bit too bitter for me. and i usually like bitter.
DEAR EVERY DIRECTIONATOR AT MY ASLDKGJ SCHOOL. GO. I CANT. OMFG. NO WORDS CAN EXPRESS MY ANGER
#siri does this too right? :)
you were the one good memory I have of 2011. Happy and excited to go forward into 2012 with you ;) love u
Survey: What's your favorite pre/post audition ritual?
“If you love somebody, let them go. If they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were.”
Molly Rose Bloom (NHS'13 ) to share her research Historical Non-Transcendence in DC: Georgetown & Anacostia
Brides-had a blast with you at wedding show yesterday-Tulsa-We are so looking forward to making your wedding the funnest event of the week!
SILENT and LISTEN both use the same letters...think about it
From the morning take: KSTP’s Jay Kolls says Rep. Steve Smith is considering changing parties.
Do you really want to take medical advice from a man who brags about being a stupid hick?
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
": My mother is a retired teacher watching with great concern"<< Mine is too, I have such high respect for them!!!
Add baby rabbit to the list of wild animals that have stayed in my dorm
Spending the afternoon in New Hope, PA for a commercial shoot.
gentlemen. #DidYouKnow that god prays to Dave Matthews?
sadly at this time it's only available on blurb.com in a limited edition so no isbn. Hoping to have a publisher in the new year.
Haha! Too funny
#thatcamproadtrip can't decide how to tweet about the symbolism of just running over a book.
I actually had him in class at Colgate University long ago- amazing man! I took both Atlantis and Western Eso with him!
going for a haircut then off to for some new summer duds !!
How I Met Your Mother and Prison Break. I've heard good things about Big Bang but haven't checked it out yet :/
what's your other option?
Gotta Get Ready For Work! Follow me on Da Twitter!!! I follow bakk!!! RT plz i will RT u!
#rushlimbaugh is an #asshat who deserves to be banned from radio after his gender #insensitive remarks.
It's Billy Crystal time!!!!!!!
it was so scary!! Lol
Hearing my voice through playback is beginning to give me the vocal confidence I've been lacking. Starting to believe the masses :)
i hear ya!
dont worry you will find something. There are plenty of designers that are needed :)
Certainly, if we think progressively about it, teaching IS a kind of prof. devmt. But it isn't that way necessarily.
#Favoriterecipe from childhood: Wiener Willy: cold flour tortilla, mini mart potato salad, cold turkey dogs. Back seat is the chef!
I don't have to get up early tomrrow
When people tell me to chill out after getting me worked up; GOOD LUCK !!!
Shakira Dances, Bathes in &#39;Addicted to You&#39; Clip (Video) | Trending ...
contemplating the post-American era in which he finds himself
on this group i'm in on facebook
We've decided to play another new song tomorrow night. This one is called "Caged" and it is pretty catchy.
field rules. That's epic. Congrats!
1,000: THINK. ACT. GO! "There is no doubt that if you follow your two a.m. voices you'll end up someplace fairly extraordinary." -J.Ritter
Good day at the @ Venus. Next shift at savile row tonight and a nice full day of rest before I start again on Tuesday.
how did you find my work?
If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you. If you really make them think, they'll hate you. ~ Don Marquis
Put my oldest child on a plane for 10 weeks in Mali a couple of hours ago. Kind of hard to wrap my head around.
Suggestion – Fourth, Share a humorous story without attaching a point. This works great because your humility will attract the audience.
Tomorrow night is “Strike out Stroke Night” at the Padres, promoting stroke awareness and survivor celebration. There will be a pre-game...
practice what you preach!
on bootcamps: Designed to get 'traditional' faculty/scholars up and running with digital tools
It's self-defeating voting pols in who vote against bills the majority supports. NJ Dem's need to work on getting him out.
Welcoming to #packernation! Wanna ring? Let's go get it...#Superbowl2013!!! Go Pack Go!
thanks for the tip lady!
SOLIS is hosting a virtual Meet & Greet for SLIS students May 17 at 6:00 pm EST. Watch the listserv for more details!
Tonight is the free rueda lesson at 9pm followed by open dancing at Hot Water.
In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten, then he who continues the attack wins......Ulysses S. Grant
O I guess she follows me... o well I still will
ha ha sounds like your stand up material !
betchuu mines worse ! Ew black shows everything
Influensters are obsessed with their #lovevoxboxes! Join to qualify for programs in March & May exclusively designed for moms!
Leap Reports First Quarter Results
Completing NEW ARTWORK for JULY FIRST FRIDAY 2010 EXHIBITION in THE ARTS FACTORY (LAS VEGAS, NEVADA). This will most likely be my LAST LAS …
thank you!! Hope to see you at next month's first Friday!!!
I feel I make a mistake switching from &T to : has no roll-over minutes. Who doesn't have that?!
wondering what would happen if all the gente of facebook started acting like the population of a nation. and then myspace. then twitter ...
DO I GET ANY ADDED VALUE FOR MY $7.25?
Need a personal trainer? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
which girl can do this Jamaica dance Gal BUBBLE
Nice to meet you, would love to see your design work! Any Ti questions, just let me know. cc/
Mainly just to hear her say things like "interact-shown" and "user experi-ounce."
Love days with the boyfriend ❤💜😘
TY! RT : Thanks for another great chat! (part 2)
iso just got some dvd's hehehehe
Stay Tuned and Stay Connected to HBN – Thank you for your love and support – God Bless You - RT -
Happy Sunday to all, make this day great!!! ;)
#WhyDoIAlways Get Hurt By Someone I Put My All Into
Strawberry/Peach/Cherry Tequila. M.... $5 Margaritas, anyone? No "sour mixes," just fresh juice. Show us this tweet and it's yours!
The only way not to think about money is to have a great deal of it. Wharton, Edith
Well that just ruined the somewhat good mood I was in -__-
hahahaha. Let's Go Heat!
Firehook Bakery & Coffee House has the best coffee in the Farragut Square area!
Congrats to for their #NoKidHungry Conference of Leaders award! Such a great partner to
the best!
Instead of casual Friday, it is hipster casual attire day, hence,
Life is like a mirror, we get the best results when we smile at it.
what happened? heard you hurt your knee??
#YoMomma So Fat That When She Saw A Yellow Bus She Yelled "Stop That Twinkie"
It's great to have big goals. It's a source of motivation - Joannie Rochette
can someone please get mad as a proxy for me right now kthanks.
JFG students@ Monarch High School performed their poems annual Poetry Slam/Dasha Saint Remy/a must see/She should be on Def Poetry Jam
follow me hottie and maybe I will show u more!!
It is good to know there is someone else who loves gross looking delicious candy!!!
Thanks to everyone who came out last night. I think we kept BrewCo in business through the drought that is UCLA spring break.
What made you say that?
fingers crossed, the issue may be resolved. Today is the first time in a while I can get on the site at this time with no issues.
what a great night!
We'll still get storms, but likely not severe. Watch out for heavy rain.
she sounds hideous
Ikr lmao like where did he come from hahahhahahha
Crash into me
we're gonna kiki so hard.
Do mousepads with gel wrist support actually make a difference?
Small teams, big conversations. "Think like a start-up"
The Global Practice Support Analyst provides a high level of support in the areas of litigation and transactional matters
“When you are tough on yourself, life is going to be infinitely easier on you.”
He will win COY! Especially when they win tomorrow. Signed, the dude that beats Jeff in fantasy baseball each year
Any News Junkies who follow Current Events want to chat? Send a Tweet!!
Like Fat Bastard. GET SOME FOOD IN UR BELLY!!!!!!!!!
I guess. But why not cut out the middle man? If I just don't die in the first place, then I can feed my pets indefinitely.
truly enjoyed brainstorming everything from business models to character class + driving around to Sad But Superstitious
I hate paperwork...
BAB! Call me
It's HARD to find virgins in our Generation!
It's alright, we will have hottie athlete husbands one day.. As for you, HATERZ GON' HATE ❤ hahaha
all over the place. do you mean where to we host #BASHH? #i'mslow
Satisfying to know that we've got Ken off on the right track to oral health today.
Certainly, travel is more than the seeing of sights; it is a change that goes on, deep and permanent, in the ideas of living.
so many films to watch....but have no desire to. something's wrong with me
Morning Rockstars! > The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man be perfected without trials. - Danish Proverb
For the record, I want a call from , not Pee Wee. I don't know Pee Wee. TSo much awkward silence. But pekochan? We could CATCH UP!
Just acquired the space at 642 Virginia! Now the planning/painting/preparing begins. It's a wild and beautiful ride!
And one lucky husband got a very special new hat at Tar-zhay! Let the march of pride about the living room commence.
Good morning good people! It's "Make it happen" Monday! So I'm off to make it happen, chat witcha later:-)
I meant notice not nice, Stupid autocorrect..
"Fall seven times, get up eight." - Why do I do this?! When I have a goal...I run full speed back, then go forward. Anyone else do this?
You can say yes. In fact, it's preferred that you scream it at your monitor while you read the MM.
Hey Mark...email me details. Tony[at]tinhouse[dot]com
Say it to my face.
Everyone is making up trash about their mom listening to to get a RT. liars.
If you missed reading MIRACLE BEACH, she's reading again on Tuesday, Aug 30. At 6 pm at Booked For Murder in Madison
Listening to your WTF podcast with Maron. Nice!! What are you up to? Sad the pilot got shelved.
We look forward to seeing you! RT : can't wait for CC2!!
For being the birthplace of the English language the British sure can't speak it very well.
Late night olympics really whooped my ass
Favorite quality of living downtown: Waking up to the best food smells every day
When you ignore & mistreat someone who is or was important to you, they're learning to be completely happy without you & with someone else.
"then we'll fly until there is no wind so lets crawl, crawl, crawl back to love."
thank you much!!!
Rainy, overcast Sundays are absolutely *perfect* for pinning on Pinterest :)
glad you're OK. Surprised that much is left.
I'm a hystersister!
Just scooped a 3k pot at 1-2 plo. We
I feel the need to start keeping track of these mentions. Though, as pointed out, they are usually somewhat maddening.
"The 9" will blow your mind. Word is, is a pretty sweet venue! Go get 'em,
yes, warm up is on the board and they have a procedure for entering. But they are teenagers so it can become social hour.
Thank you for the retweet!
Lol this game is over...
Try to find that Jim Carrey 'Ride the Snake' SNL bit.
aww thx that was my uncles name but he passed away
#fox13gmm Gonna miss u in the AM ! I luv my GMM crew! It's great 2 hv bk & , but I enjoy ur personality 2!
shoot! Id go with u girl. Lemme know next time, yanno when I don't have speak to the ppl of CLE in the afternoon.
kroy biermann he plays for the Atlanta falcons <3
Andrew Torget talking about the difficulty of translating his digital project into a narrative text
if it counts all the people way in the suburbs then it isn't that surprising only 3%, city proper I would think higher
#HowToMakeItInAmerica Have no talent, but have a great publicist.
Thank you, Evergreen Valley College's AFFIRM Program for hosting a workshop/concert for my trio and me this afternoon. BIG FUN!
o well hs
my favorites are the homework assignments: "help. I need to come up with a slogan for nickel." with no further explanation.
I want to be like you when I grow up
I think the #puma needs a drink, but I've seen him lose it like that...isn't that one of the reason Vermes looked at him!
You should follow me :)
way to assume I'm a boy.
Cool. I'll wander up there after my shift ends at 5.
I love you! You are brilliam! please marry me? ♥ aha. massive thanks to you for making such great music! love ya!
The new layout's looking' good! Brooklyn United and Name are now above the info. More hierarchy is good.
Helping a newbie learn how to Tweet
hahahaha dude I thought it said not following ,I was like okndouchbag lol :P
The next person to sign on as my coach on shakeology HD will receive a gift from me :)
what?? How'd that happen? Praise God!
Have you purchased tickets online? The new option launched last Sunday and there is a big #MegaMillions drawing tomorrow.
MARK SANCHEZ IS TRASH
Thanks for the RT Jake!
sure, going on lunch at 1:45
Pretty sure the new lady at work has a Miley Cyrus ringtone.
Thanks you much.
Sending some soup, mess, hot tea and oj before I take it down... Hope ur feeling better soon...
Ion do swine, but I play with the football. Knowledge.
#FridayListens MYSTIC ARTS OF ERASING ALL SIGNS OF DEATH by & read by P M Garcia. Loved Hank Thompson trilogy, enjoying this.
you light skin now oh!!! They just don't allow your light skin ass
Today is the day of tweet 2k
cool man we'll get that out in the mail to you today!
Blacks make up less than 23% of the Detroit Metro area general population, but comprise 69% of persons living with HIV in this here.
uk also has a winning record against YMCA. How are they looking this year?
He said " i have a PHD, a pretty huge d..." wow ! Lmao
I was waiting for the crowd to boo the Military. They've booed everyone else.
Once a man has used a sleeve instead of his own hand he will not ever turn back. 1 Sleeve + Lube = Same Feeling As P***y ;)
Completely agree. I'm just saying Tracy risked his best player by even sending Tulo out there.
Wow Bro, that is deep.
John Quincy Adams He who has never learned to obeycannot be a good commander
legit...hmm I'm envisioning a new lifestyle brand right now "Team ENTJ"...
call me back cuh
That person was King David who lived 70 years; which was mentioned in 2 Samuel! Mind=Blown
good and you (:
could they just add 2 more cars to the metro mover instead of a trolly system?
Most of them did, seeing as he TWEETED ME. :D
worked 4 me be4... its been removed... w/o any mirrors... some leftover regards See Your Dentists Be4 Taking Osteoporosis Drugs
G4S hires ex-Navy counter-piracy expert G4S Risk Management has appointed former NATO counter-piracy officer Martin Ewence, pictured, as
What's with ugly uniforms taking over college football?
B2B training at our store this week! Going great as far as reorganizing the store and better serving ALL customers- Big Improvements coming!
I had a dream last night that peaks Island was starting a yarn line.
Dark shadows by Tim Burton with Jonny Depp was amazing, then went to Zach's and played Dance Central. Funn night!
RT Is it just me or does it seem like Tiger is not just reading the questions, but also the answers in those cheat sheets?
Welcome to UW! RT : I'll always b a proud Terp alum but am hungry 2 get after it & start my nxt chapter in Madison!
you can fall flat on your face as long as there's a mattress to catch you. Get some rest my sassy lass
section 103 row h
Reading that made me smile :)))))) my night just keeps getting better and better :)
for reals just mad the OMG face.
is a good example. RT ": Some people's eyebrows are distracting"
True! RT : A2- whether face to face or virtual -every conversation has the potential 2lead to collaboration
Duke takes down Wake Forest 4-1 to advance to the Finals of the #CollegeCup. They'll face Stanford on Sunday at 1pm EST on
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust3256
When's your next show in Nashville? We really enjoy your music. Keep up the great writing
Ha! RT: Occupy ruined my commute home yesterday and this morning when I woke up I felt an odd kinship with Jamie Dimon. Weird.
RT : Don't miss Confessions of the World's Worst Missionary tonight in the blackbox!! 7pm! come early to get a seat!
Crawford: the chisel that wants to cut and measure at the same time--it is a tool expressing abstractions, desires, wonderings.
we need some midwest tour dates! who wants to help us out!?!?!?!?
it would help. They r gonna be far apart, but that is how negotiations work.
I was just called the brunette version of a blond. Not quite street how I feel about that.
They both are very good but the Yankees are not the Rays/Nats. They don't operate the same way. The Yanks have Jeter, Arod
U can follow me
We just finished our huey's gig im Southaven ms. The Huey's staff and customers are always great. Thanks guys!!!
Bring to your campus! New book & tour on the way.
I wouldn't mind getting up at six if it didn't come so bloody early.
We'll hopefully my processing is almost over im ready to make that overseas money!!! Ready to touch down in Kandahar, Afghanistan!
great pic. Happy Sunday!
Big brother is out cold!! Lol !!
Can you follow me so I can DM you? Thanks!
#10FavoriteNickiMinajSongs hov lane young forever come on a cone && marilyn monroe
#happymothersday. Love you mom!! Thank you for everything. You're an amazing woman and I'm so grateful to have you in my life! ❤❤🎉
How many more times am I gonna have to hear about the cuddling shit?...
About to watch a documentary called First Position at this little independent theatre. As you can guess, it's about ballet.
#myfirstyearatPVAMU ... another Houston-area related trending topic? How is this happening?
worst article read.I agree with Brandon,stop sucking up to the players & Oliver Luck. u want to be on their good side..we get it
Sorry, but I think that #MSU is a little too hot right now... If they play, it will be a great game! Tom Izzo is magic in March!
And of course my computer won't work when I absolutely HAVE TO MY PROJECT! 
no we went over this already ! Lol 🌹
I hope #SOMEDAY will notice me , I have been trying for 2 years.. #NeverSayNever #makemylife 8
Packing for tomorrow's trip to NY. Collar stays have to be the most illusive accessory known to man. Worse than socks.
RT : Robocall: "Mr. Wrong has been defeated, our goals have been met. Relax. Do not write protest letters. Everything's fine."
I am 25 yrs young & 25 yrs from now, I will still be a #Knicks fan, & even 50 yrs from then on & on.
Happy st George's day. A day to celebrate Shakespeare and morris dancing, clouded hills and our green and pleasant land. :)
Reminder: Everything you think is important really isn't and you're going to die someday.
read profile freak!
RT Break the rules & join us for 'Tweet Seat Nite!' We want u 2 tweet during BUS STOP Wed 4/18 :30. Msg to request free tix!
Subjective morality - yes. Subjective reality - no.
Every time I see that news segment...I pray for my boy and his family. Memories are forever...never forgotten
Looking fwd to meetings about #allchildrenreading today w partners
I ripped the back of my hoodie on a poll at the movies. Ugh.
Hope my followers have a wonderful positive day, I encourage everyone to do a good deed today make someone happy.
Life is a dancer, you are the dance.
Urban and Regional Policy and Its Effects edited by Margaret M. Weir F'88 now available from
how about Norwood returning punts this year?
S/o to for playing I used to love h.e.r. that made my night right there
follow me and dm when u do
With his award today, Larry Bird is now the only person to win MVP, Coach of the Year, and NBA Executive of the Year.
Nutrition Tip: Instead of thinking in terms of good food and bad food, think variety. Don't obsess over food, because all foods have value.
is it r
thanks! I have so many from last night, it was mesmerizing.
As would I, but at this point there's not much doubt which of them will be riding. Though maybe Tuft for TT? We'll see.
hadn't checked...is there a crash Davis shirt yet?
Can you provide a screenshot so I can check what's wrong? /cc
I've said it before and I'll say it again. Of all the rap groups with sousaphone players, and the roots are right near the top
Looking for more friends here!! ;)
Tonight's Song.... Take It Off--
5 more Blazer home games wiped off schedule (Boston, Minnesota...) as NBA officially cancels games through Dec. 15th
When our relatives are at home, we have to think of all their good points or it would be impossible to endure them. ~George Bernard Shaw
lol they came to the Civic Auditorium
we thank you!
Lol ain't that the truth! RT : I figured there were no pockets in those skirts you wear on set
they actually are. I've had to sit thru Math professors proof things like that several times
Nice & 💨 outside today! But hey at least the ☀ is shining!😊
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 85k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x4
"Sometimes the clothes do not make the man"
lil BUNS??? (-___-) lol im done with all my work for the day thank yu very much!
Cheese RT : What's your favorite pretzel dip?
joined us for #ElectionValues forum Apr 17. look for his full reflections in the June Woodstock Report!...
watup babe u gud over there??
No trophies for 2nd place
The smell of rain <
Eva Longoria is beautiful!
INSANITY WOMEN, 2% BODY FAT SIX PACKS, THE AFRICAN AMERICAN LIKE THEIR SOFT AND WOMANLY MORE THAN SODA CRACKERS. WAITING TO EXHALE GREGORY
Thank u for the follow :))
Protein snacks keep belly fat away. Try fat free Greek yogurt sprinkled with walnuts.
. Probably you have a large-ish infestation - a lot of stuff likes to dig in leaves. But it's tree/pest species dependent.
Good to see my cousin on SNL this weekend w/ Bon Iver. (I knew him when he was this tall!)
voted for you...good luck...
I love school <3333
so sometimes we change for the better! but other times we just change to hide our pass and get on with our lifes....
bored as hell, someone hmu or come chill!
left a good job out in the city ! Workin' fo' da man evaah night and day! An' I neva lost one minute uh sleep cause I was worryin'
“: "how about we take the annoying people at STA, and put them in gibbons" Worked with Ginaa Mooney.” LOL RT
Just saw her for 2.2
Four day weekend! Yay!
Watching marshmellows grow in the microwave ♥
Interested in getting together after?
too freaky since Angela and the girls have been watching the show alot lately.
S/O 2 My Sister Out There In Cali & Arizona Handling Busine$$ Keep Grindin Keep Shinin :) Love Ya!!!
no time to follow me.
Do you like receiving giftcards? I personally love them!
so sorry keeping u and your mother in my prayers :(
Mission accomplished..!! Brad is up haha I completed my goal :}
thanks for the RT maria!
nigga i have 4 tracks on deck I NEED STUDIO TIME!
Make It Or Break It !
"My parents accused me of being a liar. I looked them in the face & said, "tooth fairy, Santa, Easter bunny." & walked away like a boss."
These haters can smd, I BELIEVE IN YOU BRAUN.
Mitt focuses too much on who he is against and too little on what he is for.
Four Year Strong in academy 2 sold out yet? Can someone check for me
I would call my gorgeous bed my best friend right about now.
Why yes, today is friday and my name is Rebecca black. Unfortunate coincidence? Yes.
hurjifkdxjfchgi! No not nice, i got called a blonde asian today..
I'd like to welcome to my list of twitter followers. Enjoy all of the awesomeness.
haha love it! Yes to lunch. It would be great to catch up!
hi Gavin, thx for sharing my tweet! Cheers!
At #DodgerStadium, enjoying the beautiful LA evening, some peanuts, Bark in the Park, and some baseball.
I'm so ready for the future, it isn't ready for ME."
Smoking doesn't make you a bad person, people should hop off.
YES! I like that! But how does one get in your prizm? I looked on your website and don't see any for sale?
need some photographic evidence to support a claim like that!
On a lighter note. The Dodgers won!!!!
holy twitter timeline full of nothing but check ins..
The only thing that stops us from truly understanding someone else, is what we THINK we already know about them.
I will follow who ever follows me
aww sad. Ok, we're all poor. You got me.
"It ain't no fun if you ain't got funds" and that's real
Dude, your team is tweeting about dogs and cookies...
Great job great game yesterday! :0)
What a day! I have faith the the #NYGiants!
I spent time there last summer & SO loved it. Enjoy. RT : currently we're in Chiang Mai. Back to the US in June!
Just discovered that runs #drupal on his site.
"I can't type numbers in my phone and drive at the same time." 😳 we're gonna die. Lmaoooo
We love fabulous new followers!
hoping hears these #winning drops of himself today on 93.5 FM KDAY (Los Angeles)
agreed. Delap's throws are better than corners for Stoke
Don't sell me no dreams bro.
RT : Barely a mention of boxes at Dell Annual Industry Analyst Conference #DAAC in Austin. You've come a long way baby!
Awhhhh yeah! Won my last game. 3-2. Scored two. <3 ill miss you guys next year:( Well, i wish u would wake up!!!!!
“: you are very pretty in this picture” thank you :)
Red Sox chasing Halladay, said to be close to a deal
I Really hope to met you before you leave <3 follow back please (:
Isao Aoki, a Japanese golfer, is the only player to have won events on the PGA tour, Senior tour, Japanese, European, and Australian Tour.
Congrats! How exciting!
Here I am once again on Sunday night doing everything that I promised I would do earlier in the weekend.
W.e
I shared your stuff with about 20 business leaders that now think of you as the next BIG thing. What now?
I support that 100%
Indie demigods are playing #theconservatory in TWO HOURS... I met Mr. Dando in Martha's Vineyard 13 years ago.
Hi Anne! We sent you a copy of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com Thanks!
"Find A Way" is finding it's way!! Sounds great. Super looking forward to #Pink&Purple Debut Album coming soon!
Minivan we were going to use broke down. May have a back-up van. Have secured back-up Suburban. 1996 with 183k? Maybe not.
I'm ready but if u wanna make it another night its ok
Love your enemies. It makes them so damned mad !!
Love meeting with our celebration worship team UMC. They are hard core and press me farther.
Haven't read my lit circle book in FOREVER
You know my dependence on other people's coffee roasting is a check that preserves world order, right?
for $45 it had better be freaking fantastic.
Ashlynne from Albuquerque? Makeup artist? We met at CB??
This dudes an ass lol RT : if i don't wish you a happy birthday it means facebook didn't tell me to. blame facebook.
why do u still have your pants on?
Is he assuming they were Christian? Or cataloging the ways in which they might be Christian?
From NWS, Trained spotter reports FLOOD at 03:25 PM CDT -- severe flooding...2.5 ft. impassable or closed roads at Rimrock at Badoen lane.
RT : It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness - Tolstoy
Mar 28,1932: Churchill declined offer of 50 guineas to speak on BBC about American tour because it was "not a good commercial venture."
Insecurity is whats ugly, not u
hopefully, that will come in handy when she becomes a tennis superstar :-)
Speak out forcefully in my other incarnation. Lots of good people have been deluded. Get hate mail for my efforts but change a few
used to play kids with only 16 pieces and win.
I'm trying to lose weight so that's motivating me. I honestly don't wanna end up too far behind you "real" runners.
One more paper to finish, some discussion posts and this semester is over! Next Tuesday starts my last MLIS course!
Dear guys and gals, how you speak to yourself is how you will allow others to speak to you. Are you verbally self abusive?
Wouldn't it be awesome to be a zombie for a day :?
that's me ! BB season is 4 sure a way of life 4 me! Nothing else to talk about!
Took a walk with my Alzheimer's ridden Mom, so hard to hear her confusion. So young. So far away.
For a human being to smell like Elmer's Glue? .... NOT okay -__-... #GetYourLife *in my voice*
they did what I thought eh??
#BlackhawksHockey RT Tough loss tonight for #Coyotes. Now we go back to
Thanks for sharing, tough day. Wonderful news about your dad! Wonderful community we all live in.
my account keeps messaging people saying "see what this person is saying about you (link) terrible things..." How can I stop that?
I'm done listening to Reggie this postseason
hope the bus driver isn't tweeting while driving!
If you want to be successful, you must either have a chance or take one.
#2Hours can do lots of things.
i am going to thee movies with my friends and boyfriend and i want the texans to win #gotexans :)
That summer never ends. - Cody Simpson "SummerTime":-)
Munch city has been moved to chipotle
no. I tend to want to make them stop when the last on time person finishes, but some on time people have already finished.
that would honestly be really fucking cool
Busy day!!! 8 this morning to 9 at night work!! 0.0 wish me luck!!
Limiting factor to Fri svr potential is just how warm and humid we get. Any breaks in the clouds will increase the svr threat.
RT : Dez Duron should have made it! Why did the producers not tell Xtina to pick him no matter what?! #thevoice No kidding!
heehhee... English ninja. Nice... but I read a book. Jack was Charles Dickens. :)
we need to plan dinner when you're done...curious to see what you think!
santa monica...on montana....menchies
Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's dream
Have to stay on the positive side of things regardless if there are ONLY 6 more weeks of winter!!!! I can live with that!
Recommended gamble: Listen for some local hype, and attend a show of a band you've never heard—go on hype alone.
#LAKings dominate play for 14 minutes, then allow a goal from the red line? Quick has been lights out, but that's a major let down for LA.
As you might expect: chock full of wonderful dog collars throughout history.
its called THINK LIKE A MAN, not LOOK LIKE ONE BITCH!
Getting the low-down on how to run a successful fitness facility with Generously sharing his secrets to success.
waiting to watch Barcelona VS Real Madrid! this is gonna be intense........
Long night of class with ... Lots of acting techniques to ponder in my dreams!
Big schools equally a lot of drama
Going to lunch with and trying not to die in the rain.
If a girl is stupid enough to love you after you broke her heart, I guarantee you, she's the one.
Sometimes you hear somebody sing a song. Other times they really perform it and bring it to life. That's when magic happens.
": my friend texted me to tell me about May 31st ! #fangirlsunite" YESS. I'm so excited lol <32
#ilookforward to moving out and away from my Dad, & finally getting to be happy with who I wanna be happy with.
THE ORPHAN MASTER'S SON is SO on my list.
Today's tip: eat several small meals a day. Helps control weight and keeps blood sugar and energy levels more even.
and I have discovered something truly great called "Cop Rock." Do yourself a nice favor and get into it.
Good word and reminder!! // RT ...I suppose it's a matter or who you're trying to please and what shapes your idea of success.
text me!
The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer
Scored tickets to The Price Is Right... Going to The Dr. Drew Lifechangers Show today... Busy week! : )
i wonder if the world were would all the black poeple go hood
if they do a third, all networks will.
Of course and it's our pleasure.
'Okay, Oprah, Barbera Walters, your wife: you gotta fuck one, marry one, kill one. Go!'
Merry Christmas!
I can't watch it or I'll feel like a cheater
watching the weather - it's cold - brrr!
My new vfav director is he's so sick
Stick a fork in the Orlando Magic....they're done.
Worked from home today! The ability to get paid while still in my PJs may be addicting.
Tangoing with my love :)
How to prevent the big miss??
#RyanKennedy Be strong Ryan. You have people in your corner.
that is what winners do gf
Hey, thanks for the RT. Hope things are going well for you!
Shout outs to everyone that thought was better when he was fat & ugly.
no problem! My pleasure! Im excited for you!
hahah what does that have to do with anything? O__o
People please make the right decision. Think things through.
what are we doing? :)
Making all of Boston happy! RT : #celtics make me happy
Whats up everyone !
Its just a bug in the system. At least it seems that way.
yeah, it's hard to be safe no matter which way we slice it.
you need one so we can iMessage all day long.
If talent, a great work ethic and a passion for breaking new artists matters to you, then is your man!
On #CNN right now #Romney looks tired in a way I've never seen him look before.
I don't feel like working today anymore. Ugh.
Really quite excited for 's #gdc talk about applying psychology's big 5 motivation domains to games
If you've seen the Facebook movie, YES our site works just like Facemash... only BETTER!
Andrew Schilling (COL'14 ) will share his research project, Catholic Identity in an Age of Individualism
It actually motivated me more. It was an intense match already, but that made it even more intense - Brandon Low
Hard 2 believe da Esperanza n town & Ian excited like I use 2 b
Yes, over-hyped, but it's impossible to over-evacuate. Evacuating saves lives; hype doesn't.
So I went to the fabulous ladys room, came back and everybody was gone!!! WhatTheBleep!??!!!
Council fights fish farming &#39;gold rush&#39;
Love You 2 !
yikes! I'm glad you're okay!
it's the truth though.
Salmon and Sriracha sauce is one of my favorite combos in life.
i'm #9,367,974 to see "212". ha! great article. itunes also changed evryth. people don't listen to entire albums anymore. sigh.
its been on a few days! I noticed it too!! Very nice!!
We feel like we r at MKEs version of the Oscars
yea they got that shit mfs sucking on
Smh George and Hibbert each have 5 fouls. The Heat's big 3 each have 1 foul. Be fair refs...
Shit man at commerce center and gotta walk home!
RIP Etta James
Vampire Monkeys
gotta love jack johnson
so cool!!!! Good for you! Pics please
I bet Mohammad Ali vs Michael J Fox would be the most intense game of Operation ever.
