Yea, we actually have a handful of presale tickets for $12. They might be charging more at the door so you can get them from us!
"Feed your faith, and your fears will starve to death."
... just implying that atheistic position is an intellectually narcissistic emotional bias. :)
hey stud muffin
it's unseemly, how often you come to me fishing for answers about the sports...
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
lol i ha ve a piece of paper he wrote down for me that says the 18th hes dumb.
Great set by you I should say.
we're serious. It can be a huge problem!
I don't know everything for the record.
Today: mothers day, graduation, two weeks until Ireland and other various points of emotional situations = Sarah has a mental break down.
:::Adjusting red cape::: thank you, thank you RT : Happy Mothers day to all. Act accordingly
#TILTS2011 Or y Pr: empire thoroughly de-centered in Mass Empire. Collaboration among species (no "people" or 'culture") always selfish
wait, what's a pay phone?
I will be rockin wit yo boy at tonight!!
Can you do anything about the glee 2012 tour so that there is one?!?!? please try i really want to go!! Thanks so much
Praying for you and your grandma love! God is great! Stay strong. <3
you do have a phat ass. Very
Well everyone knew that on draft day, right? Havent listened to pcast, but confused how you could call "early returns" disappointing
#InMiddleSchool myspace was cool \m/
Tried to text and vote for Jamar and realized I didn't have Sprint. Dang it!
Costs can oftentimes be recouped in 6 months or a year, making a 20yr patent overkill, according to
Was it akin to "The Great ???" Wish I was more helpful; also I think Dave Smith is another bandmate, not Casioman after all. Sorry.
Pancakes and vino for 's 21st!
Great win tonight against a very good Campbell University team. Congratulations to Head Coach Ron Cottrell on WIN #400 at HBU.
Lmao : what happens when black people get on wife swap !!
“: #salute #love The One & only #PeoplesRapper let's get em!” I already know you will
haha yeauuuhh! tomorrow im gonna make macaroons wif my friend kathy! XD lawl seriously red car? or blue? mackenzie..
Is there a #Noodles&Co near you?! : I am craving good mac&cheese
Anyone know about those multiple choice questions for physics? Do we have to do anything other than the first page?
In outline, my day tends to go like this: AM's of review and research, then lunch, then an hour of screwing up, followed by productivity.
Just signed up for Wish would hurry up and sign up so I can start the smack talk....
Fish sticks and custard? (And will anyone be geeky enough to admit they get that reference?)
thank you (x
Its the #Monday before #Christmas..... What???
Tell us, what is your favorite holiday movie ?!
I hope this is in reference to 9021bro
Today just didnt feel the same....somethings missing
Superstitions are self fulfilling prophecies.
Epic #quote:"If I don't eavesdrop, I've got nothing to tweet about".
Check out The Ink Spot 1718 E. Valley Parkway Escondido CA 92027 $5 body piercing and FREE Charger Bolt Tattoos from noon-?
You're welcome! Keep up the good work!
Free bike lights! Even if not a legislative non-starter, I fear the unlighted night riders would tell state to go screw.
She has her Nick Jr and I have my ID.
Already over?!?!?!?!! Theres still 7 hours left and at least 2 full hours of daylight
I know! I feel bad about missing my brothers game and my cousins graduation. Lol what are y'all doing in the other room?
you do not have many allies in that POV, which makes me respect it all the more...even though it is insane.
#elevateyouth beyond excited!!!
Thanks for the sassy new birthday tshirt- PROFESH SUCCESS
Because of 1D I got my brother that new Pokemon thing for his birthday. Marry me??
Light jacket weather.
BOY FIGHTS 2012: THE CRIPS/BLOODS YEAR
bad sports night, no doubt!!!
I guess I ran out of time to be a Gowalla user. Let that be a lesson to SEIZE THE DAY.
And she go's"lol you would NEVER; but thats my song though"......lmao damnn i mad she just shot ALL my lil Singing confidence down though :/
ok clean it up...naw I know...
home were did you go
No time to film your #OutrageousBiz 90-sec pitch before tonight's deadline? We'll film it for you in Warren Hall tomorrow, 5-6pm.
It is important to have an SEO mindset for all operational and marketing activities in business.
#MahoneToLondon for all you UK Mahomies I'm voting!(:
Thanks! Great quote--do you know where/which book or source? I adore "Darkness and Scattered Light."
what do you think it is?!
Congratulations on your wedding day! Hope you and your wife have a fun night at the #Sheraton tonight!
Waiting for a Lean Cuisine to cool down before eating it is the most anti-climactic form of anticipation ever.
Last night of Wing Night is TONIGHT from 4-10pm so make sure you take advantage of all those 25c wings!
thank you very much for the mention! Follow
If it makes you feel better, you're not alone hahahah. #ghostonfire :p
By definition, there are already enough people to do that
Good morning(/
Ohh and now I have a craving for McDonald's poutine Ha! RT : A3. The poutine! Cheese, fries & gravy. A must for any visitor
Apostle Paul said that the love of God is so great that it can never be fully understood. That's woe!!
Tia Harrison! will also be a presenter at Chefs Confluence.Co-founder of the Butcher's Guild, co-owner of Avedano's & Sociale in SF.
I love Nick Faldo keeping it light talking about Phil and Tiger trending on Twitter! Jim Nance who only gets excited when Tiger wins #PGA :(
the link Raj sent you was the exact place I was going to direct you.
D: oh no!! you love food, but food does not love you back! </3 #forbiddenlove can I take it's place in your heart?
4 dozen down.... 8 to go. Still need to coat the Sexual Chocolate and the Lemon Amaretto Cheesecake.
Going through all the notes/handouts from #acte11. I may manage a blog post later about the conference.
aka "Polenta" amazing how one thing can have so many names! And dinner sounds good! :)
Thanks. Have a fab day.
nice bass bro.
I don't like being around prudish people...loosen up and live a little...Geesh!
France, eh? well I need your help to spread the word so I can come tour over there! :)
learn to cook series is in session. talking mac n chz right now.
Ohh the things I'd do to the idiots who call Louis 'Lewis' and say that Niall doesn't belong in 1D #IfIHadAGun yeah, that'd be a great day.
From what I've heard, MTN and GLO are messed up now.. Think I'm switching to Zain (or whatever its called) when I get back
RIP Abbey Lincoln
Seriously you are the bomb and hottest girl alive!!!
Need followers
we sure do((:
RT : Plenty of people sit around listening to dubstep in their living rooms - Julia, Black City Lights
Victory is in your DNA. Almighty God has infused strength, talent, value and confidence into you!
Watch Public Exposure's interview tomorrow with , CEO of discussing Social Media at 8 PM on channel 77/23.
great guitar solo #frusciante “: Jam du jour: "I Could Have Lied" by the Chili Peppers. Congrats to them for making
#vra2012 Rebecca Cleman - if you can't view, comment and re-use works, they essentially die.
thanks! I really appreciate all your advice, emotional support, and supply of cute pics! I couldn't have survived without you!
It's your lack of reading comprehension and deflection that leads me to believe you're stupid. I have no problem with disagreement
Being home sick not the best thing ever
I think such an overcast/cloudy day calls 4 peanut butter fudge.
Draw something ya_Digggggg
that's far more attractive than I'd like to admit.
So ready for bed and it's not even 9. Try not to be too jealous of my awesomeness.
the zit on my forehead gave me the idea to start this account.
hey back at ya. Gonna ba back in NYC next month so hopefully we can grab a bite :)
Mommy just got home :).
362 St. Nicholas - Parksideflats.com - Just had a price improvement! Check it out. 1 & 2 beds from $399k - $499k. Move in this Spring.
Everyone always tell me I can' hide my thoughts cus my face tells it all. Damn! Idk if that's good or bad.
Megan, I want to fuck you is my friend. Would you like a threesome? P.S. I LOVE YOU♥! x
Diamond Footwear is in !
Not the nostril. But definitely all hail the apostle.
looks beyond beautiful on her default pic.
what time do you have to e home tonight? 9:00?
I know right? I think Beliebers would flip out though. Scooter would be rich though. 1D, Cody Simpson, TW and Justin.
Happy Holidays blue hens! Enjoy your holiday break!
I may have jumped the gun last night, I'm having second thoughts about the Weeden pick. Just didn't like where they drafted him at
What's with the double-posting ?
Eventually you learn that you can't do everything, but that is okay. You learn to be picky about what you spend time on.
heyy prsn, u kno that we can hack each other's twitter now cuz of when we switched ipods
That would have worked as well. Ever heard of "Juno" or "Engine Down" those both are mathy alternatives as well.
THAT WAS ME LOL YOU DIDNT ANSWER “: I feel like i can never walk by east hill without hearing my name be yelled out the window”
Why Destiny Warren Keep Staring At Me ??? She Scaring Me
thank you! I'm gonna study history that exams tomorrow.
Meeting with a potential director for my short film "Tactics".
RT : Oh, so you're naturally beautiful? Mind if I test that out with a wet wipe?
It is pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness; poverty and wealth have both failed. - Kin Hubbard
Very true!
braced myself for the goodbye cos that's all I've ever known, then you took me by surprise and said i'll never leave you alone <3
Just like that, it appears to be over. Wind has died down. No hail. Just some light rain.
Big news for anyone who has ever been deeply annoyed by my voicemail greeting. It's changed. I hate the new one but that's me
Getting 2 teeths taken out today, no bueno. D;
Vegas never changes!
Good god, this is awful already.
Welcome to the #CXP Team! We're excited to have you onboard!
try drinking a Lot of water that should be able to stop your Hiccups :)
Your are a very good dancer you really do inspire me and one day I would like to meet you. I dance to I'm just not as good as you
Extraordinarily useful and fun. Thanks, Jeremy!
Well, Gates hadn't even thought about it until Buffett got on his case. Then he said "I guess you have a point."
hell yes!! stub hub looks reasonable too
the new song is awesome. Keep it up dude.
BUT THIS IS SOO MUCH MORE FUNN.
I remember the #washingtonbullets warmup song used to be "pick up the pieces" by Average White Band
New TechCrunch logo:
Lets go
Happy that the program on Al Jazeera in Doha, Qatar that we developed with is a finalist in the innovation awards :)
Confidence is the Bridge between where you are and Where you are going.
my parents.....
DID YOU KNOW? Les Mis is the 3rd longest-running Broadway production of all time, seen by nearly 60 million ppl, 42 countries & 21 languages
just made some chicken noodle soup that will outdo ur nuggets, lol! Better get a bowl fo it get cold!
My brother is wrestling for 1st in a tournament! :)))
Driving through ashville, nc with the ramps is pure insanity! It's like bumper cars out here, this is stupid.
That which holds the attention determines the action
Support the work of Joseph Loewen by attending Acoustic Nights in the Pearl March 31st 7:30 at Cloud Seven Cafe
The first video from last nights meetup is processing now, should be up in about an hour! /cc
yea Ik I think math is the easiest but yours is probably hard!!!!!!!
I'll be putting in my vacation notice at work tomorrow. XD
Welcome to the show now grab hooked on phonics and lets move forward with out you
don't worry, you're not the only one
Huge thanks to for sponsoring the signage for #MKEShindig at #sxsw! Keep your eye out *wink, wink* for their stuff!
Eating crab in Maryland ... Thank you cancun cantina
all i see is flashing lights out my window haha getting outta hand now.
leviathan parasite just devoured 2.5 trillion more of it's heroin-cash...
Well..Goodnight & Sweets Dreams Everyone :)
post office uptown does photos along with processing passport application. At least they use to. Go early line can be long
Plz follow me back If u follow
Eddie Murphey shit Yeah we Trade Places Rehearse lines to them and then we fuck faces
thanks! *hug*
Enforce Contract Laws, Enforce Bankruptcy Laws! for
What's funny about your comment is that when asked hotel guests what is most important to them, #1 answer was free wifi.
OK, a far-right twitter-er just followed me. But I won't count it twit-spam. I'm just tired of beautiful female twits offering me blowjobs.
I will be adding more jewelry later on this week!! :)
The roads are not very happy today so take your time getting around today.
Had a fun night playing basketball and nerf wars with the niece and nephew
Time to watch the #Preds!!! Come on boys we need a home win!!
We made a new music video that should be coming out soon, and writing new sketch stuff
RT : Thank goodness I have #mhpshow recording at home. These tweets are wild.
Yes, after I film one...
yes, yay... I'm more bear like. Cousin Sven would appreciate that.
off to work I go..then out with anthony jeanne and mike :-)
Thinking of doing an unforgettaball for Comerica Park and the Detroit Tigers, any input? Do fans like this stadium?
Beautiful day at the ballpark. Great opening day tailgate.
When talking about the royal wedding, one of my students asked me if everyone turns into a princess when they get married.
are you going to the mass?
Tell your friends about us!! <3
I'm proud of you. I expected you to make a josh groban joke.
"And yes her ass clappin' so that's a round of applause 👏👏👏👏" -J.Cole Hahahaha
I miss when Moccasins were cool. You know, when the natives wore them?
Major cf on #MARC tonight. Breakdown at Halethorp held up next train. Incompetent muddle offloading passengers.
Already getting excited for the theatre tonight. Two nights in a row! Who am I???
They support the development of a public fund that will generate $113 M over 10 years for arts education & arts in
Please tell the facts. The GOP is the only political party trying to suppress voters
Our ancestors call out for color.
anytime girl👍
Switzerland is getting #PROMETHEUS on May 30, two weeks before it hits the U.S. It's the birthplace and home of H.R. Giger. So, why not?
d'aaw so are you!
if you haven't voted on WIN yet today, get on it! #homecomingcourt ,
Jesus died for his own sins, not mine.
Proverbs 27:6Proverbs 27:6 Faithful [are] the wounds of a friend; but the kisses of an enemy [are] deceitful...
Well, done studying!just wish it was over with already!
haha!!! She's going to need a vacation after her vacation to Erin.
"Save our Schools" chant happening at APS board meeting. Public comment supposed to start at 6, hasn't started yet.
Thank you Seattle for a great day. You are wonderful customers and friends. Have a great evening! See you tomorrow!
"Men are like pearls they look good with my curls , i string em to get the best necklace in the world" MIA
inbox clean, research started bring on the end of this semester!
I have a hard time looking at the pictures of Trayvon and not seeing my son.
This weather is so bipolar
I need a backpack  my nooks are just getting too much
Fucking ponderous, man.
#20ThingsAboutMe I refuse to leave my house without makeup ..
You're in luck - ArtGameLab opens this Saturday. If you're in on a weekday, though, drop me a line!
Mann its super hot outside today
See y'all then! I'll be chick dancing foolishly all night long :)
RT:“: You could say that what's happening with the euro and Greece is a prime case of Acropolis Now :)”
Super cute pedicure for Easter! I ♥ =)
The birds are singing, flowers are blooming.#Earthawakeningfromwinterslumber. #Lovin'it
srsly it's too early for #goatse Chelsea.
If you like Sketch Comedy follow our page! Our show debuts next month! Follow the page for updates
will be presenting March 13th
bahaha same as your work one!
Gonna keep our undefeated status today.
The press awarded MVP honors to Chuck Howley of the defeated Cowboys in SB V. The NY chapter of PFWA corrected this & voted Curtis SB MVP.
Thanks for the RTs and !
Connecting Truth via "Good things come to those who have patience & take consistent, persistent actions toward what they want."
"Mind your own bidness, rich boy!"
YES! tomorrow?
RT Do you have any case studies of a #nonprofit using #socialmedia that really made a mark?
When it comes to ants on sidewalks, I am the Vishnu. When it comes to fruit flies, I am Shiva.
It's nice to see you on Twitter, !
College football 2011 kicks off today. Should be a great season.
In other words, what in fact constitutes communication?
Fatboy Slim looking forward to gorge on Indian food - Apun Ka Choice
you could always tell him you know his son after your awkward facebook encounter with him (; <3
I JUST DID. CALM YOURSELF :)))))
can you guys tell me your payer ID # on a w-2 form for poker winnings from one of your tournaments? doing last min taxes. ty!
RT : Alright, , let's keep the #Wisconsin wins coming! RT if you're ready to smell the roses!
Soon I will be living in a much bigger city.
I wonder how the #NFLdraft is v going to turnout
what is the brand of the gluten free matzo? i have someone at my seder who will need that!
All I did today was lay down text all day :(
The Blessed Eucharist is the perfect Sacrament of the Lord's Passion, since It contains Christ Himself and his Passion. - St. Thomas Aquinas
No rest for the weary this weekend... *sigh*
I swear Jess is slow! Lmao
Yes. RT : Happy happy birthday !! Miss you!! Xoxox
Time to quit...I did. ": Holly shit $30.00 for 2 packs of cigarettes in Connecticut"
we have are ups & downs :) but I'll always love her <3 thanks bro :)
i just saw a commercial saying supercuts is just like being a dj.. hahahahahahhahaha
Renew...unwind...nourish..let go...HEAL! www.desertskyhealing.com
having a birthday party for my sister
didn't want to tell her that I really wasn't listening haha but that line struck my heart
yh I will but I hit the following limit so I hav to wait a few days??
#FF Fighting #foreclosure in Springfield. Welcome to Twitter!
im followin random ass people i find (:
RT : This day is too precious to waste resenting the things I can't change. #xa - Try that when I get out of this fucking office!
What do I want? You. You and only you. And I know you're reading this. So you better be smiling gorgeous.
My mom just laughed at me for saying that i was going to be on wipe out. Its gonna happen!
This episode of is too good. The case is just freaky weird & the tension between Chase & Park is too funny.
I wish we could just fast forward to OKC vs Miami game 1
#ItsCuteWhen Girls wear their boyfriend's hoodie. 
Lighten up, Francis... ;o)
Ben:"I've heard U have been bad to the other girls. Courtney"Bad?wait until I get U in the Fantasy Suite!
Attending BarCamp Nashville? Help us out with digital signage tests: tweet a few with hashtags #bcn09gamerz & #bcn09kungfu - thanks!
RT : The latest issue of the MBA News was sent today. article appears. LEED course coming up.
So Mr.Player do you feel like "the man" now?
didn't mean to butt in. It's a great topic!
I'll keep watching your videos and try to figure it out? It's hard with the fingerstyle even when my fingers bleed, I still try!
I feel your pain :<
thanks for following me!
thank you!! Yes, I should be asleep. I waaayy over-slept on a nap today, so now I can't sleep!
I will cut you
I made it my business 2 always be there 4 u no matter what.. G'Morning Tweepz
I know im excited but yet terrified! XD RT : I'm ready to go see The Devil Inside this weekend.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY ILL GET HIGH IF I WANT TO!! (dont worry people i am not getting high) :)
cum see me
BULLS WIN!!
Happy 6th 'first-tweet-anniversary' to !
Don't mistake kindness for weakness. Just because someone is nice doesn't mean you should take advantage. Have a heart.
I'll cheer for Chalmers since we went High school together!
you mean with me and the "baby whisperer"
RT Only thing worse than lyin TO me is lyin ON me
RIP Pop singer Whitney Houston! We will always love u!
heading over to the General Assembly to learn more about the current state of hosuing in VA.
how do you hate heath slater
She may be somali RT Right, the complexion and forehead RT : RT : Is his girlfriend Ethiopian?
Thanks for the info!! First match at 830 pm est I believe.
Almost home from a lovely day trip to Kistler's...
we cant wait 2 show u what we're about! RT : I can't wait to try you out for our next gathering. Keep up the good work!
Oh, little tree, you are not a Charlie Brown tree & you are so fake, but I rescued you from that box of stuff where nobody cares, Now, I do.
Getting at lot done today -Happy Friday everyone!
this bday is gonna be the best :D
[1Corinthians 15:57] Thanks be to FatherGod, who gives us the victory through our Lord Christ Jesus (Messiah Yeshua.)
Its Sat night..i work till about midnite then i might be in these streets..whas poppin folks?
you're cool. 😔
- you should sign w our CHARGERS - great weather and u can go to the ROCK!
We could be the kings and queens.
Moving up the date for the Action Item prize pack contest winner to midnight tonight! Get your last minute referrals in!
Downloaded and think it could be great for urban, neighborhood group organizing, e.g. bandit signs.
Lynda I'm so very sorry 2 hear about your aunt's passing. I've been away from Twitter. U & ur family r n my thoughts & prayers
Throwing your phone across the room in anger, then checking to see if it's okay."
Trustory: I once found a copy of Your Sinclair in the cellar of an Abbey next to the unmarked bones of several monks.
lmfaooo yeah come over :p
he knows his industry and has created value - compelling. clean pitch. well done.
Damn nigg* bored and sh*t
Ohh, soudns good! :D I'll be awaiting them in the mail :]
William Rotsler~ You cannot hold back a good laugh any more than you can the tide. Both are forces of nature.
"My man MCA's got a beard like a billy goat"
I heart naps...they are good for the soul. Now, Shhhhh! I'm trying to sleep:)
We had chicken caesar salads without dressing from #Cosi, we're hitting the healthy foods hard to get ready for NYC!
thanks Nate, appreciate it! let me know what you think
Due to very little conditions, surf practice is canceled for today.
TGIF Napa Hour is waiting for you!
My kinda party by Jason aldean is the most complete country album I have heard in a long time. It will be hard for Jason to do better.
wouldn't say I lost childhood but definitely did my share of translating
Oscar Time! is gifting #handmade #pottery earrings to #celebrities #Oscars #GBKOscarsLounge Feb 24-25 via
Nice! Derby's a good time. RT has sponsored a Derby Girl! sMel U l8r of the Steel City Derby Demons! Go MEL!
and then Work out!
RT : 50% of women who schedule their free time regularly are satisfied with their lives.
Transcendental Meditation to create world peace by creating inner peace within the individual.
why am I last mention? They're my hundo's!
that sounds good add strawberrys
Workin to live or livin to work? Job or Career? Passion or Paycheck? Professional or Employee? Kno ur worth n still step it up a few notches
trying out McDonald's healthy choice foods
Series Q in general, rest its soul, has been spectacular re: cover design since about 2003. No Future is pretty great, too.
she only 2 and she try to sing the A.N.T FARM theme song
bru in town and ain't hit ya boi up??..
there are probably people with sanborns owl tattoos
HI ROBBIE! Long time no contact! How is life?! TALK TO ME! And then send me a sloppy joe. I've never had one.
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
I work for the beer company
Fun to see the pic of the parade in Mtn. Brook. I grew up there!
Still working on that part
Getting ready to be the "Tequila Man" at a big Cinco de Mayo party! Gonna be a fun night!
me and determined my voice was sexy as fuck on your podcast. Any thoughts?
Arts And Crafts - Knitting News
I am so dizy , ugh .
And I wouldnt put it past Greyhound to drive recklessly and yet still arrive late
We'd love to interview you on air anytime between 11am-12pm tomorrow
Follow and for tweets about today's Community Summit on violence prevention.
Or the Spurs model. Be a championship contender pretty much every year for over a decade.
I only ever get money to get out of debt.
Touching up a few mashups before I post them :)
ANY TIME ~�shelley�~
you know what? tonight im not gonna beg you to tweet me, or follow me, im just going to say. hi. how are YOU? and i love you.
is a fucking dirty slug.
you're on a roll tonight! Lol
were amazing on
I am gonna perform 4 songs and then do my one I wrote for her last
): RT : Want to meet the iconic boyz so bad why can't they just come to chicago :) but no :(
what happens if he gets hurt? wonder if he would the. Sign right away haha
Demo'ing #livefeed, new #socialIT capability that got a good round of applause. Good helpdesk use cases.
Congrats Luke!
Just saw an Amish person in a buggy being pulled by a big brown horse.
good to hear! :)
I need more context. I want to be mad at someone with you but I don't know who!
me and just won an international Competition for cheerleading, can u plz tweet us good job or something?:)♥
I came to twitter to escape Facebook , now that twitter had become Facebook. I am done.
Need some FUN. in your life?Tune in now to win tix to see 8/16 - 1020 !
I read the first chapter as it was printed in the Believer...
The avengers was so awesome
With only 20 roster spots and $500 a year, I'm playing to win sooner rather than later. QB won't help there
I had some fun with those, too, at that age. I bought an Elfball deck from a guy at school when I was 14.
"Faith without works is like a hug without U." ~ Solomon James 2:17
Whoever owns this Netflix account I am using has really shitty taste in movies and tv like I do! Huzzah!
Thanks for the RT! I'd love to see you at the event this Thursday! :)
so EmpireHouse sounds good! :)
how did TN and Denver go?
Cool! Which one are you doing?
Received your update email. So excited to be a customer (one day)! Must be a year ago that I signed up, will be so worth the wait.
Good Morning NYC & Tweeters
“: RT if there's one genre of music you absolutely cannot stand.” uh yeah county. 😁
BLAH! IT'S TO DAMN HOT OUTSIDE! 116 YESTERDAY. WHAT WILL IT B TODAY?
Actions Speak Louder Than Words !
Turkey Day is nearly here! I wanna here some of your latest turkey day tweets, jokes, anything of everything, I wanna know. So go n tweet!
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it.
Felt like home today at marian#mexicansunite!
Last night three polite teenages stopped me on Geary Street at 1:58 in the a m & asked me location of the nearest karaoke bar. I told them.
Case in point: I just tried to get a sandwich, at 6:40pm. Sandwich shop closed for the day. Downtown is officially dead. And I am hungry.
My Party: food Dj liquor and a good time starts at 12-1 till whenever text or inbox me for full details an invites. "Respect is the Key"
New music in upcoming "Priest" Trailer!
just sad
Only two more days until Dominican Republic!
Just finished a nice Friday night workout w a few of our college guys.
I have quite the list of things to do, so maybe I should get around to that.
Thats just how we do.
Pundits feel #Gingrich not ideal. Best of worst not good enough. A repub president is no guarantee to solve US economic woes.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 59
This just in: KFC chicken grease removes frowns.(when rubbed on your forehead) Sorry shorty but at least a valuable lesson was learned.
damn back heel tail's are beast!! Nice!
Bradley Brown's wines continue to impres
That is what I thought too.
Beliebers the number one thing has told us is to forget about haters :) he is so inspirational <3 All i want is him to follow
Want a new WordPress based site but can't budget a custom design? No problem! You have options. Contact for details!
#i312m5 Do you think there could be consequences to the government(s) regulating software?
That's all fine and well. Fortunately, all of these shows are on the air the past two years. We have options
Saturday Evangelos was packed.
Wednesday is definitely the longest day of the week. Ugh.
lol the place, some cool ppl though.
this makes me very very happy.
Thanks for the RTs! Hope you're enjoying today's beautiful weather.
Kingmaker is fucking amazing! Miss TXMHF2 and you're dumb!
I listen to country in my car, throw salsa parties, and film hip hop videos. Is it time to start a rock band?
and Roger Zelaznys The chronicles of amber and tell me what you think. I love them.
Well, will be relieved to know I'm following him again, after a lengthy hiatus. Or not. In any event #thesingoff does truly rock.
you didn't see me do the worm?
Honestly I dont care if I go platinum or not I got a beautiful Wife and Kidz and dont wanna tour right now ANYWAY<< Tourin sux>> U aint kno?
Thanks for following me back (:
i have been counting ever since i found out what alcohol was hahaha
high fives yo
I love Tom Petty!
Final Houston Hoops 52, Georgia Stars 65
and that's old picture na , I just woke up at that time, haha!!:) #noMakeUp -- just bare clean face!:)
I'll be there! Beat the cows! “: Who is coming to tomorrow's game against Minnesota State? #gophers”
Thanks to The Fifth Minute, Lenny Solomon, Sam Chase, and Jason Labbe for your performances during our singer-songwriter series event
7 back handsprings today on tramp? I think yes(;
- did not know; are details on your web site?
Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are always asking, What's in it for me
the PTs are in full force tonight! Watch out!!
How has your luck been?
All I care about is money and the city that I'm from.
Alright Bud Adams - As a #Titans fan you have made some questionable decisions. Make it happen this time though.
If your gunna b like that we shouldn't be friends...
hey, sure np. Perhaps next time! Thanks! :)
I hope you survived! :) “: I was just harassed by a swarm of sneezes.”
Everyone have a great day
R. S. Thomas--reluctant shepherd, astronaut of the God-space, troubler of the Welsh conscience--would have been 99 today.
When you come party on Boston street, let me know!
how are you buddy how is Jamie
Estrada looking slightly less sharp at the plate... *cough*
Holloway-Attaway: How does one read and write in mixed reality environments?
the world would be a better place with as VP!!!!!!!! (:
People wanna see you do good... but not better than themselves these days. smh
take a pedicab.
As a child, did you have a #favorite #book series? #Share with us!
nice, I think were looking good for A's
Looking forward to seeing you! Track me down.
what are doing to drive the loss?
Chilling in Arizona with my oldest daughter!! Going to Changing Hands bookstore on Saturday!! Hope all of you are having a great evening!!
Gonna Have A Great Day Today.
personally I love cartography, particularly alternative methods. but was popping in on general thread and domain thoughts
First name poo. Last name py.
#YouCuteAndAllBut you not fine!
He finally made up his mind... Lebron James with Miami Heat!
5/4/1792->A. Hamilton: Your wish to see the world encreasing in knowledge prosperity&happiness is pleasing to me as a Citizen of the World
Your coupons stink. They exclude anything worth getting a discount on
Actually so tired
Dude, it would be impossible to NOT make you look good. It's awesome to interview folks w/their ego in check. Thanks again!!
what's Right for you may not be Right for everybody else...
Newark and Sherwood District Council has approved proposals to charge developers up to £1,200 for pre-application planning advice
“: Great things always happen when religion and legislation collide. Right? Waitaminute...”
Hm, it's tempting ... but purely for scientific purposes I assure you.
Worked all day on projects for sweet Amanda's wedding! Personalized DIY details make all the difference <3
#thingsmybestfrienddoes gives the best advice, obsesses over 's beauty with me, is always there when i need her most.
#hateitwhen teachers will be likee ok ur not raisingg ur hand so Im gonna call on yu. its lik WTF.? U THINK I NO THE ANSWER.?
ITS GOIN DOWN TONITE IN THE MIX WIT & WIT
In the beginning of their creation they did. RT ": If McDonalds Ever DELIVERED >>>>>>>>”"
Of course I'd love to see some pictures of Fox. :))
You have such a beautiful voice, Danielle. I just had to get all 4 songs! Stay strong & positive. Best wishes.
WOW CUTE SO WAT YA HOBBY
There we go, finally about to get some sleep.
My new Reviews website in beta stage: Take a look, give some feedback? Thanks! magneticflix.yolasite.com
These rib tips are to good
Law & Order SVU is too real.
Now I eat healthy so I can be healthy.
RT : RT “ I don't like ppl in my business!!!”
haha its been a long couple of days. i forgot what i had tweeted.
Worst father of the year goes to my sperm donor.
I love KG's offball movement. Just so, so, so good.
Thank you hun! (:
Good luck Mike thats a great room to play at.
Me to! But the first thing I asked when I got there is, "Where is ?" But I know you had to dip. But I will see you. Im set on it
Celebrated May 5th the righter way. At Los Bravos.
Let's Go Pokes!
class #3. I'm going slow cuz of my lame back problems. I'm gonna do every other day until my back/shoulder issues subside.
On behalf of Toast, Mika tweets :There're so many people in this country.
THATS FRESH!!! MAN!!!
so when will you be back??
In that case, I pay for the right to plow through/elbow them with my tax dollars.
Such a perfect way to end a good day!:) So blessed that I know such a sweet guy!
we were already planning to move. We knew he would be getting out. Just not if it'd be medically retired, separated, or for ERB
nothing, wondering when youre going to follow me? (; wbu?
regression is good.
My mom is ridiculous.
I need some chicken delight in my life.
El Nino&#39;s next step
#ALLTIMEGreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Born This Way, The Fame, The Fame Monster. Animal, Cannibal..
Today just keeps getting better and better!!!
lol no, license is revoked so I love when I get to drive!
I hate when people say I have a pretty name...but its hard to pronounce
I've had Reiter Syndrome/Reactive Arthritis (which is really a lot more than just arthritis) for about 10 yrs now....
Love being sold out for tonight's performance!
"New York, it looks funny" N. Fried. First best quote of the day of 2010
Hey how are you holding up today? I hope all is going well!
I had no room left ???
Shutting it down...
Yes you can on iTunes!
Sister Anne O'Donnell, RSM built one of the best schools in
Thanks! Im SO obsessed w orange right now!
lol aw ok
how do you know?! :O
I <3 you too baby. How are you today?
Before I die I am determind to go see the Concentration camps in Germany or where ever they are.idk why.but I want to see them.
i really want brewer's to start offering that crab hot dog on their regular menu.
Great one!
The sun is out!!
Let's use sustainability as a strategic lens for Phoenix to move forward - Mayor Greg Stanton
Haters don't really hate you. They hate themselves because you're a reflection of what they wish to be. Poor, confused people.
Ding Dong the witch is dead, we dropped a bomb on that bastards head!!!!
they are pretty yummy! Now I just need some ice cream or whipping cream :P
I'm happy I got me a job $11hr I'm n there as long as I can have sundays off & b n bible study on wed!!!! Thankin GOD
I really want to not got them
Never fails that right after #verizon calls and wants to know if I want an upgrade my #droid becomes possessed.
just my point
just learned behind the back with balls and clubs.
oh no! Kri...for no reason lol
Chronicle comes out today. I loved that movie.
hhahaha! your to crazy OMW ( oh my weirdo lol) how are you? i miss you
Anyone want to guess what our favorite movie is? We got some inspiration for some of our new curriculum from it!
I never get hang overs.
Here I am again... At the alter of the data recovery gods.
I won't get any work done today. I'll just stare at that photo for hours.
same homie! stay up
As beloved children of G-d we are perfect, whole and complete right now.
RT If you are tuned into #CC250!
u out there
Omg I can't take this. Lol whoa!
We've been building a History Pin collection lately. You may see more about it soon on
I run by the pool, and go swimming right after I eat because I am a
great to hear! Thanks for getting in touch!
We the people are the masters of congress & courts, not to overthrow the constitution but to overthrow the men who pervert it - Abe Lincoln
Don't forget the code, they can all save on that
EXACTLY. the day the tickets went on sale, i sat there for HOURS pressing retry to get tickets. and these stupid idiots (c)
a man i mite come down there
Alberta street is closed today for September #lastthursday at 6pm. Bring your crafty, artsy self and help #keepportlandweird!
A2b: Managment interest driving Rams move, not fan interest. Undermines motives for game/growth IMO
No lezzie rock today , we're rocking new Jack White ALL DAY!!
Some things are better not being said. twitter doesn't mean you have to posted everything about ur life lol
I think my head is about to pop.
Awesome! Sadly, I did not have a computer until 1997.
Happy Patriots Day! Stay hydrated, runners!
I mean, if his knee is healthy, I guess I'm okay with it being tested against a top D. But the risk just isn't worth the reward.
It really stinks watching the Kings adv while the close the season. Bring back Lomb, Sutter and Nabby.
3 - Sit there & wait for it to get you tomorrow, & gloat over it's ability to continue
So if your going to Hershey park out in pennsylvania August 11th WE SHOULD MEET UP. Because I'm going to the Cody Simpson and BTR concert!(:
well thats great news. at least its still not in its stomach. glad it worked out. the vet can be big bucks.
Been using for 6 years...love it. Whole biz runs through it. Raising $200k now to build healthcare app on force.
The LeFors Easter egg hunt is on like donkey Kong
send some pics please
What a game! Just remembered why March is my favorite month. Can't decide whether to pull for Norfolk State for the upset or my bracket
Watching last nights Teen Mom. Janelle is such a LOSER!!!
Build succeeded. Yay! I haven't forgotten all my C++ yet.
LOOL. my tv.
that is def good to know hehe
i want more followers;o.
short and sweet, like the other politicians that are running. "San Francisco is not fun and fair and as mayor
Great tasting and fab food last night. Thanks to and Chef Ryan Rose!
Cadet enthralled by war history
Today's Strange Law: In Boise, ID, residents may not fish from a giraffe’s back.
Lol idiot! RT to Pam: did you just wink with both eyes? All of us: ah hahahahh:D 😊😄😂
well they physically grew up. Mentally not so much. Look at their jackass expressions in the picture.
first place i always check. they ended up being the bread basket in the kitchen. rando.
RT : OMG this iPhone does it all! Got an app that'll wipe my ass.
#BOSSPROOF THE NEW BLACK PANTHERS, THEM BOYS ASK QUESTIONS...WE DO NOT ANSWER!!
Sweet! TY! RT : I guess #37. Hubby loves cheesecake so this would make a nice birthday treat!
another 3 more hours and im off to cinema :)
YES! I finally got Autonets proximity sensing working! The sweet sweet taste of technological success! (preceeded by "i hate electronics")
I know what you thinking, what happend to me? I dropped of the face of the earth, but thanks to gravitational pull I finaly came back.
#tigers are going to give me a heart attack.
Its really nice to know ya Lets do it again cuz we did it on a one night stand cuz i wanna be more then a friend to ya. GodsGirl777
tweet tweet
Yeah well if I didn't suggest it then we wouldn't be going!
Happy to be home
You can send them right our way! ; )
When my bestfriends mad upset or dont feel good #badday for me to :/
Working this week on casting our next free public reading for Dec 6th. Lots to do.
Wondering how big little Jayden has gotten.... I see pics of Jayda often, but wonder about the little man....... Hm
WOW! Amazing fan page you got going on for Mr ... Have been very busy and haven't been up to date!
Thanks to everyone who joined the Mashup team at Burrito Loco in Minneapolis last night!
love u too
creating moment by moment our listening, speaking, & actions - what questions you ask guide your path among possibilities
now following our teen facts for ya and don't forget to follow your fan back!!!!!!!! Love ur voice
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all. Peter Drucker
thanks, brooklynmuseum...I'll check it out.
Sweet. Thanks a lot!
what's the chance of y'all broadcasting in South Florida anytime soon? Can I stream you online?
I will never understand how marketing people get paid for such dumb ass commercials.
“: Make Your Future So Big, Yesterday Is Embarrassed To Show Up. #drMM #fb”
That's awesome! I was a few minutes late and was around #30. Pretty sweet print & a bit different from his other stuff.
That was close my dog almost fucked up my all white UCLA sweater 😁
What should we do for our first feature-length indie? Zombie movie, hard-R dramedy or road trip comedy?
All of my books for yoga teacher training showed up in the mail yesterday... so much wonderful reading to do in the coming months!
Gm ladies and gentleman
who plans your game? Cant remember the last time i got to watch the 2nd gamez tip-off! Sucks!
he must not have any options on $AAPL any more ;-)
I hate when that happens. Happens 2 me everyday, everywhere I go RT : Headed to class...far more traffic than normal. No Bueno
Kites rise highest against the wind... not with it. Something to remember when others try to drag you down. Rise higher than them.
Thanks! We really appreciate you sharing that article.
Girl it's #TITTYTUESDAY all the freaks are out lol
I wouldn't have considered 30th St. at 6th Ave. as Chelsea. NY pals, what say you?
'As the proportion of working age people to dependent rises, growth should get a boost.' #Africa via The Economist
Just felt like tweeting from the laptop ain't did that in forever, the new site is a #thumbsup looks like all the apps now...
It's one of my favorites! The wordplay and tongue twisters are especially fun.
Is it too early to start looking forward to the weekend? I'm checking out the soap box races on Mt. Tabor. What's everyone else doing?
PickUpLine: Why don't you come over here, sit on my lap and we'll talk about the first thing that pops up?
love your work and randomly found out I know your cuz- mr. Scott,
hiya:)will you follow back plz? You performed at my school(castleford academy)today and you was amazing!!! I'm defiantly a fan :)
Orange Mic Night 2012 is in the books! Thanks to everyone who came out
today was unreal...unbelievable. four years goes faster than you'd think.
sorry bout that... I'll be texting you today Shaun!
someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you today just the way you are 👌
Wholesale Deal Available at 46% of ARV. Profit Potential of $40k-$100k (depending on fix up). Call or email for details. Purchase at $170k
RT : "My mother, she was my first friend in the proper sense of the word"
Why is it OK for dudes to slap other dudes' asses in football, but not in any other situation?
play Super lame 4 me G!
aww thanks *wipes tear away* I feel the exact way about you!!
thank you for the mention
#IPNC2010 and I'm eating paella with all the chefs and volunteers. Chef Berger is really starting to tell stories...
follow me As i am already following you friends
LOVE YOU JEN💜
black girls always angry, black girls always have short hair, black girls this black girls that. nobody cares!
Just read about Livejournal users in Kazakhstan complaining of censorship after being unable to access the blogging service .
Hey , great speech yesterday event.....and poof then you were gone.
Ta ta for now twitter.
Just got the greatest news ever from :D
The only people who are there for you in the end, are the ones who can't be there for you.
I thought I had it last night but did not. Slept with it in, didn't notice this morning. And it happened to be time to replace.
Just sitting around :p i have to go to dance soon.
Success is the Accomplishment of The Necessary. - Manly P. Hall
Congrats to ! Looking forward to seeing you play on Sunday. Thanks for the great memories in the 'bus!
The Screen Door for my dad's birthday ~
Every attendee will receive a raffle ticket to enter to win these items at the event. :-)
It's where we live. Thanks Kruse.
2nd paragraph? am i reading it wrong? "After falling to the Los Angeles Galaxy in the first-ever MLS Cup",
From the front it's lookin like she got some ass probably. We call that a sign, Asstrology
Come watch us play tomorrow night before Hawthorne Heights at Gallery13! $10, doors open at 6:30. Let's having a rad Friday night together!
Best wishes from Alexandria, Va! We're rooting for you.
Greyhound racing is fun. I recieve tired after a couple of laps though, the old legs arent the things they used to be...
As of this morning Transform is working with 8 highly active bands from across the metal genre. Its time!
Jim Wirt is killing it.
Hey hey hey!!! Who wants to play?
Apparently I made up my own gibberish language & refused to speak English. Bottomless drinks are the Devil.
Laugh your workday away --> Family Guy coming up at 5PM! On-air trivia will unfold = Test your knowledge!
I don't understand this. Is it really a fire-able offense?
Taking care of fam ain't easy
yeah chris powell.
Been using git for a few years. Still don't actually understand it.
": Some of you bitches need a reality check, not a welfare check"
sing it. So tired of woman of a certain age have to be gray.
I only give someone so many chances after that you're dead to me....
Well this just got awakard
Make a god damn free throw!
?The only real disability in life is a bad attitude
Having sex before marriage isn't the " only" sin. It's that you think its okay that makes it bad
Nature lover leaves wildlife haven to RSPCA ¿ who sell it to be bulldozed and built on
Women don't like being lied to, but can't handle being told the truth. Just smile and nod, fellas. That's the only way to win with a woman.
I already checked 25 times, but ... just one more time to make sure no passports are expired. Just checkin'.
“: Tat my name on you so i know its fucking real”
What's up
I already know these things and yet yu keep tellingg me . No need fer repeating yourself .
Yay no cross country today I took a sat act prep test it was hard even the personal info part of the test was hard
AMAZING CONCERT!!
It's so hot outside
Lol hush, but let me know whenever. I will be home Friday!
Tell us about one of your parenting success stories
Totally rockin high school senior portraits! Book from our Twitter feed and save 15%, totally cool!
Working on a tutorial on this lovely April Day. One week until my birthday!
volunteers: Have you listed your volunteer service on LinkedIn?
hahahha...the line for that request is long.......few peeks tomorrow...Sunday is the day *el sol* returns!
Dolo Murder She Wrote December 2011 YSM at ya neck!
RT : Me and got work to do when I touch down in ATL <== Let's work
About Time!
Trying to catch out here in Austin biggest fan..
hahaha idkk ryan has long lucious hair and I wanna braid it.
Who are you guys rooting for on #AmericanIdol?
Can't wait to drop this guest mix on youse on next month's Rub Radio on , it's a stinkah! #BREAKFACE 😖
about 16 hours i think. hopefully we will have fun with it.
I cant see emojis :(
y do they sound butt as hell on der do u go to a specific site or wat??
Hahaha so many people im gonna freak!
ugh let's go!! I wish I was there omg<3
Devils fans talked shit for days now they're down 1-0 and complaining already
Must...Find...New...Ad Campaign... #Priceline Killing Off William Shatner's Priceline Negotiator character.
radio interviews 101: if you are too busy thinking about the next question, you aren't really listening
of course! Anything for the Clark's! :)
Ok, I've made it this far... time for lunch and rehearsal...
Currently seeking new management.
Hi Skip, what do I have to do to get you to reply back? I message you when I have time, I agree with everything you say!
Thanks H. What's sad is Marks still doesn't get that some who can afford b'band can't get it b/c they live in poor 'hood.
ima go check it out
Alright sounds good I'll watch the forums
Morning!! :o Today you should have some Blackcurrant.
Good morning beautiful ladies of Detroit
My mind is saying forgive & my heart is telling me not to. For once i'm going to go w/ my heart & not my mind!
are you playin tonight???
all about the Patriots!
NSF Campus Bridging report: campus grids to national infrastructure (both compute and data) and international CI
Can I live in a happy family like on those disney channel and nickelodeon tv shows? Can I live in a peaceful house? Maybe, someday?
Could I plead w/ you to bring back a ?!? Besides Ithaca brewery, you have Mendocino,Saranac,Adirondack,Lake Placid..
Must be same software as Stars.
Spent all day working on urban gardens in and around DC. I met some amazing people, and had a blast! Happy Earth Day.
Thanks for the RT! Hope you get to go!
I am now influential in typos, according to AWESOME.
Alex Seropian Bill Roper Disney Interactive
didn't you know? zombies hibernate.
#NW Money Talks
The same nigga thats in your music video tryning to get 3 seconds of fame could actually be the same nigga that wants to see you fail.
The song is pretty hilarious too.
Yup I signed up to be auctioned as a bachelorette, for charity of course. Mark your calendars for May 19. I need bidders to show!
Happy Holidays from our family to yours!
make more postss
Cheers, to making it happen.
It's funny how time changes, but feelings don't.
She's your GIRLFRIEND, not your fucking puppet!
that is fine! I do u made if i embred on our tumblr? And can u give it a tag with
Absolutely. POTUS: "This Nation is great because we built it together."
Temps are dropping... scramble for reasonable heating options for the studio...Made some storm windows for the remaining 80 yr old windows.
A hello to the readers from Jamaica...:-)
One of the greatest music festivals is SXSW in Austin, Texas.
Just realized i have to stay at school till five
If you're not a Duggar you're a Bone Child.
BABE I LOVE YOU THAT WAS AMAZING OMG I LVE YOU THANK YOU BABE
Just got a call from my long lost relative from Moscow. That's was very pleasent.
Saying a prayer for Charlotte and the family.
he is a must-follow for all elected and aspiring-to-be elected officials
Pet peeve: letters of rec for former students that need to be uploaded and submitted separately for every job or grad program. PITA!
Bout ready too wash my hands w. dia friendship
Consider the audience of the media outlet before you craft the pitch. Do the flavors mesh? is their audience YOUR audience?
Monday morning...back to work!
Wish we could... life on the road - ya know?
Hey Karma Card members, get 25 bonus points each time you dine for weekend brunch at in January.
seinfeld is AWESOME!
Some chilli would be nice
before I got t-mobile
When I watch tv or movies, most of the actors are (not ate) also white a
Furman and Michigan Wins! Go Paladins...Go Blue!
So cool! RT : Trevor Hoffman just walked by my table.
Really appreciate this chart. It's dramatically reduced number of times my mom asks me "Has [show] been renewed yet?"
Don't summarize/ my sunrise
Is creeping?
What time is face off on Sunday?
aww you dumped your android lol.
Thanks friend!!---“: Have fun in my favorite city this weekend. Walk the High Line!”
thank you for an amazing afternoon!
Yay! Penning new "Meet Your Maker" column for featuring winemakers/chefs of #wawine #ww - where 2 start?
I wonder who will win the NBA playoffs? Who y'all think gone take it
Oh holy sass pants.
O, does someone have a crush??? RT : On a scale of 1 to Dreamy, is one fine looking man.
Grove Holiday Open House is today through Sun. Drop by for free mulled wine, samples of local gourmet foods, gift ideas, sales & much more.
nah. Cashier.
Congrats to - heading to the #Vikings! All kinds of Florida-style talent heading north. Love it.
#HappyMothersDay to all the wonderful mothers! May all your day be filled with joy and happiness!
“ Next relationship, I hope is my last”
just look around there are a lot of places hiring 👍
got too much money
Was A MA ZING tonight!!!
#Insurance consultant Marshall & Swift/Boeckh estimates that 58% of #homes nationwide are underinsured by an average of 21%
"Proper Foreplay (e.g., make a business plan)" Hm...never wrote one...should I?
APUSH-ers: Please bring your textbooks to class tomorrow. I need to collect those this week.
two 15 seeds. a 13 and a 12. two 11 seeds. #MarchMadness is absolute madness this year.
I miss producing the MACC Sports Auction at and meeting all the MACC stars
Knows how to move in a room full of volchers
Let me go dwnstairs wit her !
#Macadelic tour!! Clarion or Penn state?? Hmm maybe I'll just have to go to both..
where to?
That was a good round for Cotto.
JUSTIN BIEBER follows ; follow her too
Songs are timelines of our emotions, you can tell what we were feeling, by the color of the melody, the depth of the lyrics
LOL. Road trips are the only time I break down & pay for reupping my satellite radio.
what have you guys done so far?
WHAT IT DO BRA
Very good 1st Game for my team, The Cannons. We came from behind to win 4-3. I drew 2 walks and a HBP, and scored the tying run! Let's go!!
vs #go panthers
Don't know about that one.
We're enjoying the warm weather...and we're planning some exciting things for the next time summer rolls around...stay posted!
Its just me {&} this captain crunch blunt i guess I'll watch some ancient aliens on netflix
aww....soon enough!
I suspect drunk tweeting.. =)
Thanks for the RT's!
Entering notes into Kutub->TimeTables in the 500 AD timeframe. What a time that must have been. Britain was post Roman and pre-AngloSaxon
So tired from night shift that I just added "bell lepers" to my grocery list. Thanks, autocorrect.
to bad you guys can't take another road trip for the suprise B*****......
180*South makes me feel like such a pansy. Let's climb Corcovado.
Snow is tapering off in the city. How is your street? Let me know via Pittsburgh's 311 line. Anyone going to ?
Nick also was one of 1st to say after the blown save "everyone in this clubhouse support DRob..."
Where is the fest held? Downtown near Juneau Village?
I want to go back to camp.
oh my gosh ur like my cousin shes 12 im 17 and she passes me by alottttttttttttt
or a pair of asu crocs
I have a weird love for hip bones.
is there a fee if I transfer money from my reserve account to my spend account online?
I had a great time over my parents house. More great food.
sounds like an Adidas commercial lol
Stay tuned! Big news coming soon...
" You ain't that cute"
RT if u want a shout out im really bored so just RT LLN! Xx
China unveils new economic plan
Noell says these songs are hard on his sticks.
LOVE your recipes! Tonight..Pumpkin Apple Soup! YUM
my 14yr old sis and 13yr old cousin dont like talking in front of me cause apparently Im "too old" to understand what theyre talking about.
thank you & tell mma happy mothers day to
yes, my kind of pothead. bitch was jamming out to "my moon, my man."
Thanks for such kind words!
Shopping online tomorrow or monday? (black friday/cyber monday) Install this app right now! pungle.me
I'm a reporter/grad student researching a particular murder & its lack of media coverage. Could we chat?
ew my lips are so chapped -.-
I'm out the next two week but after that I'm totally game!!
Im trying to watch the #clippers game somewhere tomorrow night. I need to.be with clips fans
Or not. I have YET to see the genius.
it comes on around 11:30 and it's on NBC
Buying low on Adam Wainwright - Sports Network
Did you know that My Psychic business has been 40% busier due to the economy and the Paridigm shift we are going through?
I dunno if there's slang I'm not aware of, but google image searching for picnic photos yielded some titties. GONNA GET SO FIRED.
do you like my new twitpic :)
it's just supposed to be a hard rain, maybe some hail. Meteorologists tend to hyperbole around here. ;-)
sorry I haven't been updating or following you back! I've been really busy with school & practice,but I will follow you & update soon!
COOL! I'll be cheering and hollaring WAY TO GO, GIRL!!!!!
Super awesome #Community, #30Rock & #UpAllNight made up for the lack of new #Office & #Parks&Rec. But, alas, still not enough 4 this girl.
Can't wait to see what I hear is beautiful Vancouver some day. Go Irish!
She has my vote - - iTunes style. LOVE the originality of her voice.
Someone told me I had a really nice Velocipede on my way to work. I got sad because i always wanted one of those big ass Victorian bikes
The winner of the 2012 team of the year has to be #Baylor: 40-0 and a national championship and only 4 gms were won by single digits.
Are you a Mac or PC person?
and so nice to meet you guys! I'll be sending you guys some twitter training info later! Have a great weekend! :)
My credit is above 750
Gotta get through this exam and then its time for Crawfish, Senior Roast, and nelo..
Tell that bitch, hop up on my dick, rolled up on her quick, In a six, told her suck the dick, motorboat her tits. I'm the shit.
Huh. The Salem-Keizer Volcanoes' mascot was just chased from the field by a bat'leth wielding Klingon.
Can you feel it? Upset brewing. Jackrabbits trail by 4 with 1:11 to play!
Thanks again for the tickets to last night's vs. game. Great times!
Help us spread the sound of Miserable end. Download us. If you like us, tell your friends about us. if you don't write us and tell us...
I bet it will the biggest celebration ever haha ya right huh
Good morning all. You know when you feel like bursting into tears over nothing? That
"Do you ever feel like the guys at sonic are looking into your soul?"
I miss you!! I so wish we could take it together! when are you visiting us??
My wife just asked me if I know who "Pretty Boy Nick Flair" is. I said yes.
A guy just picked up used pants on our doorstep at work. Hilarious conversations ensue. Oh, no, I guess he left them.
Your website is badass. Let us know if you have any questions about our API or if you want a demo.
You might think of it as aging, I think of it as growing, learning, exploring and gaining more wisdom...
what is wrong with you? Looks like you will never have a head coaching job again making comments like that.
awww thanx Dame thou you super late on this one lol
Goodbye day, Hello Bed
Oh no she didn't she just pulled the washer/dryer was hers before the marriage card.
Thanks, friend!
Nope! But there's always tomorrow!
Awful quiet in Hampden, today. No chatter from the local talent. Must be too cold.
that's what I'm talkin about!
I'll tell you if I get her! And you're welcome :)
lol. It's stupid.
www.miamiherald.com/2010/08/25/1790858/this-is-who-we-really-is-glenn.html -- This is who `we' really is, Glenn
I hope you have a productive day, good luck!
All the folks in those pizza photos look scared. It's the fear that got to them I bet. No fear.
Time Warner cable stinks - no NFL for me tonight.
Lauren: "I'm tired of praying to a God that doesn't answer." Summer: "'No' is an answer too."
Ew dude I mess up on my tweets so much, i just want to never tweet again and hide under a rock
Bahaha just asked me for my a/s/l
if only I knew! You just have to learn to not give fuck. Just know who to really trust is all.
We aren't a part of Pipila... sorry if you thought we were spamming though :) just trying to join the twitter chat!
I was there. Going back for more today. You?
Thank you sir. :)
Woot! RT : Did you get the holiday catalog? A photo of my kids taken by is smack dab on page 2.
They dug that slug out and I put down the pipe and picked up a mic.
don't forget to carbo-load
Yes and yes.
OMG I FORGOT HOW TO DO THE HOMEWORK ;( HEEELPPPPPPP ME
but still the only place in SF you'll get a classic old world, "old New York", pie.
we are goin downtown Thursday.... Just a heads up
It's happening, people caused it, things can be done about it.
Haha. This twitter is more fun cause people cant judge. ^-^
Erick's Last morning show with us :( He's moving up the news ladder and going to Boston! Congratulations to him but we're trying not to cry
Cru De Gra flyer is now up.
If Santorum wins the primary I... no, you know what, I have too much faith in mankind to even consider that possibility.
Cookies are model monsters
man a hella day so far goin good basketball wize
Still can't get enough of this Jam City xlr8r mix!!
Finally set up instagram on my phone. Now I just gotta get myself to use it. Zero people will follow me & thats okay. Candyeatingblt is me.
LET GOT PATS ! COME ON TOMMY !!
We're not in a small town, but this kind of thing could help with organizing stories about the school itself.
Think gay marriage shouldn't be legal? Be sure to check out our sanctity of marriage issue page. We want America to be heard on both sides.
Happy New Year to you and yours, may 2012 be full of adventure and fresh beginnings!
(Lunch, why yes... Are you in Chicago?)
“: I love a woman that cheats but puts her boyfriend first” Since when has that been okay??
I love my baby
Austin Mahone will never follow me or notice me no matter how hard I try or wish he would
Happy New Years Weekend Everybody - I'll be tweeting next, next year.
ya kno I thi.k they r the best thing so far in this show
Superintendent Deasy needs report cards too! He hasn't brought it home signed yet.
IS FUCKING GORGEOUS AND HAS A SUPER SEXY BODY!!!
Where do you live?
Congrats to , , , and Johanna Drucker on their ACH election!
If Aldridge does this right out of gate next season he will be an all-star.
We can not thank you enough for your overwhelming support and help in exceeding our goal on Kickstarter! It means the world.
Have you seen Citizen Ruth?
#SDSU #Aztecs have reached a Home and Home agreement in basketball with
Can't let down one of your oldest frriends.
Tip of the day: if you dont want to get bank robbed then alls you got to do is deposit your money not at banks.
Google drive was just updated on my phone. neat
Carl DeMaio, carpetbagger: Today, he confused venerated local Sushi Arts with raw fish designs. He's making funding decisions on this stuff!
1st day of spring practice!! Anxious to see who will lead this team!!
Tell me about it!! RT": Running back & forth from ad to mussafa7 is not fun.... Not fun at all...."
your * not you're
hey, you (and maybe ) tell me, I'll facilitate. ;^) Documentation workflows = ISO9000 or something else?
#NowSmoking Alec Bradley Black Market Toro @ Signature
To once think I called this woman my best friend is comical.. dumb two timing people ...
The universe bears no ill to me, I bear no ill to it.....Phylicia Rashad (Pure Wisdom!!)
Feel Better! <3
well it's homecoming this weekend, so obviously that means you have to come home. haha
:) RT : you're not helping, you know
I've done nearly 30 years in the region as a whole: Sydney, Hong Kong , Singapore, and Bangkok.
did ya'll see treme tonight..i was on it...in 3 scenes..yeah first time i saw myself on the small screen in a tv series! HBO tonight treme
Tasty Tuesday's @ One Up 25 cent Wing Special (from 4pm to 12am) , $5.00 you call it on DRINKS & TAPAS
Rocktagon MMA Elite 14 Rock-n-Rage is 2 weeks from today at Craneway Pavilion in Point Richmond, CA!! Tickets at www.rocktagonmma.com
Don't know how to tell the weight of the sun & mathematics - I want none I may be the Mayor of Simpleton but i know 1 thing & that's I luv u
TONIGHT! Art-inspired VIP Happy Hour for professionals by EBN Law Firm. The Well 6pm - 9pm 2-4-1 drinks! Art by Alex Turco & Gil Bitton.
we'd love to show you a great night & delicious food!! :)
Every day, when I eat lunch at my desk: OOOHHHH WHAT DO YOU HAVE THERE? IS IT FOOD? WOW, WHERE DID YOU GET FOOD?
Hello Thursday! Wish it was Friday!
ur a marvelous & dashing companion...
when u gttn mines
Good Morning :)
Tophat & tails my boy! xo
So the mix of the month is going to be a day late. Please don't hate, we promise it will be worth the wait!!!! Xx ~TRR
why are denying honor and killing infants for gold, gold? Out of context they just seem like pretty shitty things to do lol
I agree. Now following you.
lots of love in the middle school gym
Thanks for the follow! ( :
Need A Music Video?
very funny on Conan and you look awesome in your underwear
Phones dying at work so I'm turning it off
Could be. Very frustrating when it happens for sure!
& I had a delish dinner adventure last nite! Every bite amazing, Chef Zoe is awesome! The quail, the salmon.. :) #yum!
Lunch was fantastic. Great job Beth!
My hand always falls asleep while I play temple run -__-
Watching a #FenwayPark documentary which is unreal! Gotta see a game there soon...
Hey girl! How the heck are ya? I miss you. We need to get together soon!
Have I really changed that much..?
Find out what C.J. has to say about the Kardashian-Humphries divorce tonight on FOX 9 @ 9:30PM
You lucked out! I'll try to remember to tell you what it's like this year.
Im hungry...
RT : We are so diggin' your girl modern aesthetic. LOVE! LOVE!
Thank The Lord for that!!
RT Gutted that I can't make it to the next #digitalpreservation #hackathon. Expect it to be a good one. W...
You called it -- should have put money down…
I'm in love with
The curse is BROKEN!!!
Aaahhhaaa. I C.
made it out of Ikea for under $35...it's a miracle!
THE INTELLIGENCE OF PARENTS
hey, how's everything? It's creative than most of the usernames I've seen on twitter and it's not gross!!
>:D yeah! bring yo friends if u want..
Going though Columbia. Missouri billboards everywhere.
Dude, tell me about it.
True, but the Phoebe Cates scene is, narratively, all about the male gaze. GOT, very often, just IS the male gaze.
its a good excuse as any for Fb terminal instability. yea for google plus!
...and we're really excited! You won't be disappointed!
idk cause I didnt say it?
wonder wht's for dinner....
Wondering Why People Type Like This
Finally.. The TV to myself! Buhahaa I'm watching quality television. - -'Don't be Tardy for the Wedding.' ()
Great event yesterday. BBJ Biz Expo. We had over 50 vendors + over 450 registered attendees.
I miss your face!
whoa #stars, i forgot they existed
New character just invented: wage-slave-turned-once-hopeful-now-jaded-food-trailer-owner-and-operator.
right here
First rule of Team DIET, don't talk about Team DIET.
Happy mothers day to all your moms! Love you mom💜
the Salina Art Center?!?!....wow congrats.
Well, tonight I cranked hard on a last-minute commission for financial reasons; tomorrow I have to do the same for altruistic ones.
Nordstom-Gilma: nice demo of converting Flash to use on iPad using Adobe AIR turns Flash element into app
:) I wish things like these weren't that hard -.-
Nothing changes until your mind and thought changes.
Way to go patriots!
Napoleon Bonaparte Rely on your own strength of body and soul
Acknowledge all things are a blessings because all things are of God
that's a bet same this way whats going on for the 4th that way
Beat some ass.
I love them
hey dave where can i get the audio of the thanks for the sex bit?
I'll be on campus today, but I'll be far, far away at my lab. Have fun!
We use a water base urethane. Not the most durable, but can be removed it there is a problem.
(((Debbie & Alicia))) I hope we get to see you today - you are twitter! Have a great weekend and thank you for being you!
thankfs for the #FF! Enjoy your weekend!
yes, did you wear all black? or not wear not-black? re: Existential Crisis Thursday
let's go Loyola
My Life Is So Beautiful=(!!
Anyone have any good juicing recipes to share???
Massachusetts!;D
Uh, is now following me. And that about sums it up.
Seven #charterschools ranked among the city’s top 10 middle schools; among non-exam middle schools, charters held the top eight spots
Oh I get it. You are planning your presidential archive. Makes sense.
Late nights aren't what they use to be anymore.
I'm in love with Austin but would move anywhere at this point! :)
about to grab some din din in the city with the family
Good luck to everyone on their finals this week!
guaranteed to be a Portland weathergasm!
I need someone to talk to, kiss with, hug me, love me, be there when i'm crying. #thatrealnigga :)
Twitter, of course. also
Homie iont 'eem want ya girl, you can keep her
You too , hope you had a lucky 13th too.
BIG thank you to of for being our guest host for tonight's chat.
A6. Nice furniture, drapes. That's why I'm not inviting any of u to my house.
Omg feeling great
I love spoiling beautiful women!
Please follow us now
you is kind, you is smart, you is POTENT, wheww! So stinky!
