thanks Dee
Had a great time tonight.
Thanks so much and and !!!
over the last week, i've been amazed at how many people don't adjust their outdoor clothing on the fly. scarves & hats in the sun...
Still a little mad over last nights lose...but the Steelers will bounce back and beat those rat birds when it matters most
I really miss my #twitterless cousins. I need my dose of Sweezy ASAP.
thank you.
Getting ready to present Twitter 101 at #nelsym12. If you are a librarian, please say hello!
awesome pizza lunch ... missed & terribly. next time!
TGIF! Remember to do a good deed for someone today!
you damn right
hey, i'm doing that right now (21 day)! last week of it
We met with David Kirian & Steve Michna at "Think Office Interiors" yesterday. What a great show room they have, & how much better w/plants!
Bored out of my mind... Lol I need saving.
hahah everyone would be like where the fuck is this yarn coming from?!
amen brotha, represent
come stop by the Zagat lounge tomorrow! We'll have live music and great prizes!
Thanks for the RT
Hey how are you?
You're so cheesey but I totally love it
LALALALALA. I can't hear you!!!!!
Hey , haven't heard back from you, I know you're busy, but I was hoping we could plan something for this weekend.
I can't wait to see you on friday!!!! It's going to be AWESOME!!!!!!
miss you more
Yes, I can see the events, but it takes a long time to load on the page.
nah. That was the best. Helped they were the cheapest. Haha
Love the idea of "multi-millenial" efforts around the globe, "chemically lucky" mediums and reaching beyond our known comprehension.
So Kindergartners in Germany receive massages and pedicures to relieve stress....what kinda stress can a 5 year old really have?
My oh my Zac Efron. You have come a long way since High School Musical. #drooling #DidISayThatOutLoud?
Thanks for the Rts & mentions! Feliz Thursday!
Oh bummer. But rest assured we're working hard to get it back and in better shape!
This is why Dems lose. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz? Obama stumping for Barrett? Not going to happen. Get Craig Gilbert on show.
He looks nice with his hair down ;)
so true
We believe there are a set of steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
Do you think you'll have time to help with my deck design in next 2 weeks? OK if no. Just need to keep moving. good luck in chi!
RT you okay ?? <~~ what shall I do now that ur graduating who shall worry about me now :(
Just got to work. Forgot my wristwatch today. Feelin naked. Gonna be a long day.
Angry Birds > Stupid Nerds
one word too many! fail whale
Couldn't help but notice last night in your preview that your "three curiosities" were all foreigners. U-S-A! U-S-A!
There is ONE and only ONE chick in Vegas that DEFINITELY does not EVER wanna meet me. And she probably doesn't even know who I am. Smdh.
Wow I didn't realize you we're gay until you snapped at me like that.
The workshop was intense! But useful. Apparently, tape as an archival storage medium is dead. Virtually obsolete.
Happy National Animal Cracker Day!
True, but I'm obsessing anyway! I hope you hear something soon!
#Orioles now headed 2 extra innings tied at 4.
Anybody who doesn't know what soap tastes like never washed a dog. ~Franklin P. Jones
GO BIG. OR GO HOME.
Are there #edchat equivalents/analogues in Spanish? (Preparing to present to 200 teachers in Mexico City next week). ()
Which means she knows nothing about baseball. Perfect. RT : This woman says she's a Yankees fan, the first in this jury pool.
how u find me on here
: question from #English569 poetry collection team: one interviewee has a penchant for "colorful" language. will DALN take it?
Link Autism Leadership now has its own YouTube channel. Stay tuned for our upcoming presentations.
Watching lockup #TV (:
This girl at my church this morning looks JUST like !!
you had me at 'hello
From the wiki it said I needed permission, but it works from your tweet. thanks!
“ “ Twitter is a site that NEVER sleeps.””
Answer: Biggie. RT Huge argument take jay-z's top 25 songs vs tupacs whos the #1 rapper of all time?
Portrait Tip: Don’t Fill the Frame
<<< Drink Vodka?
just a lil humor from the poorside of town :D didn't mean to offend ~~~~rich
There's not much better than going to bed at same time and getting to sleep 5 hrs longer than night before...maybe a #Braves championship
whoa, that's a biggie. I remember my nerdgasm when I first got to go into the CCLA server room as a intern
New life plan: Run, coffee, lay in grass in sun, sleep, repeat.
happy mommys day to you too! :)
can i rant? please?
r u finally announcin the #1 girl tour plz say yes ???
I will, Thanks! RT Good luck with your new blog. Tweet when it's up!
In 1993 the Antelope Valley conducted its first #homeless count.
LMFAO i played that beat over and over to tons of people everybody said you suck !
Thank you, stay classy! lol
Danielle Aubert presents a series of photos documenting places she has slept in day by day.
Damn sinus headache all weekend sudafed isnt helping not something stronger. Nice win ND lax.
I've been told not to take a charter school job. Why are these so bad? Please explain!
I've been through hell and back for you and you STILL don't care! Why..WHY? Do I still love you? Why? Wats with you thats make me love you.?
Check inside and see what it says! My money's on cinnamon!
I think it would be very handy if Linkedin would allow me to set up some sort of alert when someone from a specific industry joins. Or give…
And #DerekJeter ties it up with a huge blast to left!
your alma mater needs your manhelp. Our Live Cheer Squad @ the OldSpiceClassic cheers for the team with the most tweets.
Or go to nature and take mushrooms.
I hear ya'. It's the 1st app I've ever paid for. Plus why would u want to pay for me to sink your ships all day? #baiting u
Remember when christmas gifts used to be fun....then your parents got cheap as you got older.
Trey Songz Is So Hott, I'd Tap that XD
Skandal () & The Mad Frog bring you The Real Open Mic Night right now and Every Tuesday. Now on USTREAM too.
thanks stinker;) I love you. happy sunday!
Truthfully, I never regret starting a day off with barre, even if it's tough to actually get out of bed.
lmao "can you handle it " lmao hahaha you still sick bros lmao
PBR Street Gang, this is Almighty!
Travis Pastrana would be in fontana right now...#hatemylife):
Please don't. PR can be nice, but your actual self is so much more interesting.
Give peace a chance this holiday season. Wear your World Piece shirt. www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
Tough Mudder in Seattle in September! Putting together a Wired Waffles Team! contact us if you are interested!
Looking forward to all the fabulous promise of a sunny weekend! Don't disappoint
Thankful to be over the flu, and that it's so nice and pretty outside!
Damn twitter told one me I told him I was sleep and he text me an said he see me on twitter... lmmfao!
Ugh can you father my children please?
vinyl would be RAD.
shit they only weak if they ain't extra ordinary
Always moving forward.
#thatawesomemomentwhen your LBD is too big for you :-) :-) :-)
the people or the place lol?
I need 72 followers to make it to 300 please follow me!!!
Beyondthescoreboard.net Kobe if anything has more to do this year cause he won't be getting the support he had from odom and brown
about to answer 31 questions on a book i've never opened...
"shrimp screaming" LMFAO!
Okay let me stop with the lunch tweets.
Wonder what ever happened to those crazy karate kids from the original #PowerRangers???
Way to go unclerush keep on doing for the communities
its hot! finally turned off the dryer and trying to tie things up to get out for the weekend . . .
One geek (me) and enroute to the
That'd be real cool. I'll be in Roma though
Dentist viset went okay...except for the part I need all four of my wisdom teeth pulled out on the same day...but I dont have any cavitys!
You asked me to promise you, & I did. I plan on keeping the promise unless you don't want me to. It's your choice.
Enjoy the weekend!
"ed where have you always wanted to live?" "near a mailbox eddy!"
If I were in the #hungergames, I'd like to think i'd finish around 6th or 7th. Maybe top 5.
Out in 69th. Min cash.
Sure. Go for it.
I can't be the only person in the world that wants to club baby seals every time I hear Tracy Wolfson say 'coach', right?
so u taken me out this weekend
Purchasing PLR products are great for creating your own product & brand - make sure you add your own flair to it.
Its not funny
Image: "Indians" folder at Patten Free Library, Bath, Maine, 2011: "like a 'White People' folder."
Xo RT : Just landed in sunny LA to hear new on 98.7. Atta boy
4 locations in 4 days. It's good to be busy!! #Buffalo #NewJersey #NorthCarolina #Chicago what what?!
For me, depends on the style. Curly, everyday. Straight... I won't say ;)
Ha I love your profile picture! x)
My baby girl is kickin butt at Exeter! B U T T.
You have no hat. You are a hat. Your mom's a hat (Sorry Krister's mom).
this. If I have a good signal, I have great battery life. If I don't, it can drain in a few hours.
So, I saw Hunger Games last night with Was entertained! And guess what? I'm on Team...Katniss. She bats for my team, right?
Been there, done that!
I literally LOVE Drake.
Not even if there were some bbq sauce available?
In 2011 for someone to be killed by the state when there is this much doubt is barbaric. I wonder what SCOTUS saw that I cannot.
10 Billion web Videos watched in August 2011 online. 52% of all web traffic is video. There are 600,000 people in Boston. Who does the work?
Gee. Wonder how many nitwits are going to go out and fire shots into the air tonight?
AT HM..GONNA HIT DA ISLAND!SWEET ISLAND..
In Chicago all these bitches BANGIN
had a fun day wit my lil self taught on a board brother im so happy
ohh pshh, I knew that. :P
and are such good teammates to go and support on #DWTS!!
Hahah OMG. And yes! Let me know next time you're in NYC.
im trynna think of a name for my mix tape. How about ”2 + 2 = shut the fuck up lol
Such a wonderful, happy day. I am very proud.
Lunch with Best of Cville real estate winner, Bob Hughes, who had great ideas for S&B. The wisdom of champions. Well picked
back to Walmart for a 3rd time
Samsung Galaxy Tab 2: The First Must-Have Android Tablet
DBOX is a motion theater. The seats move during action scenes.
Not SKINNY enough. Not FUNNY enough. Not NORMAL enough. Not PRETTY enough. That feeling "SUCKS" :/
RT : Why go premium? E. Fernández compares API Thread w BlueRodTM Thread. Less stress & fatigue
Did anyone know it's all-star weekend?? No wonder they r last in major sports popularity. Skills competition was a joke.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.-Napoleon Hill
Good night world
Make sure and follow here on Twitter, I'll owe you one...
In 1996 saw the Packers kill Chargers by 30. Seau played as hard in 4th quarter as 1st.
We look forward to connecting with y'all as well! You are one talented person, keep at it!
RT : Amazed that all people upload videos from their bedrooms to YouTube w/o cleaning first. Your mom's probably pissed, bro.
Social contract
Alright Joba, the flat bill was cool when you didn't suck
The games comment is dead on. Wish more games work was on seeing what makes games tick & using that know-how in education.
Did you know the Library offers a pre-school story time for kids on Tuesday's? 10:30-11:00am in the Children's Room!
who are you i dont even know i dont listen to your music duhh........(what an idoit) :-!
Elbow did not come up. Head was not targeted. <shrug> bad call.
I think the final two are Aubrey and Clay. I wonder if I said Aubrey first as a hunch? hm...
Hopefully ill get a goodluck kiss tomorrow from my crush. :) i think ill just move to the lips
tribal belly dance class is #canceled this thursday but come out for Impulse Hip Hop :30 and Animated Hip Hop :30
Very useful ecomm, social commerce, and UX tweets over at -- our active account -- pls unfollow here and follow us there!
Won't be on twitter for 2 weeks.. Have fun lol
I'm 5 deep in Two Hearted. No work tomorrow so I'm good!
for sure... I can't wait until tomorrow man the haven't played since last Monday
Merry Christmas from australia my ice cream eating friend! xx
": Remember... It's not what you give up for Lent, but what you take on". Good stuff Mario!
holy shoulder pads, batman!
Kinda unnerving/exciting to hear people on the radio talking about the article you're not quite done writing.
He who lives in memories alone is unaware of where he is.
Thanks for the support bro!
Not a good day AT ALL, but I'm going to try and look at the positive & see how that goes☻
Would you like to receive WasteCap's newsletters + email updates? Send an email to w/"subscribe" in the subject line
you should be able to make it and be home in time for your 11:59 curfew Cinderella...lol.
I swear, if it comes down to another Hail Mary...
happy born to my bruh have a great day
Awesome #tweetup, guys! #iug2012 time to read H Mankell ebook before drifting off.
MTV Movie Awards Make Bad Move by Cutting Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson from Best Performance Categories
"We have a commander-in-chief who's a community organizer."-Amy Holmes Republicans hate organizers but love hate groups
Fomstack impromptu dinner? I'm in.
Checked out your review site. Great job Love it!
Half smoke time! Peter Smith is showing us how to make D.C.'s best half smoke at 1:05 pm. Come to the DIY Salon on the field!
How often does being friends with ur ex really work?....
when will you know when it is?
get something eposicapl, lee, furr, some school needs you to start a dynasty
That didn't even take as long as I thought! Dang.
Dang it! Hurry up light!!!
God i feel bad.
It's time for Smash! , you watching?
I thought you were 20
Wake, Thank, Wash & Bake!
broken tiny url?
“: D.R.A.M.A. = Dumb Retards Asking for More Attention.”
Looking at all these houses makes me excited for a change
What was the best prize you ever won in your life?
It was what I woke up to...xD I wonder how many other people dream about me D:
Isn't that a wonderful moment, qhen a groom first sees his bride?
Phone vibrated , but dont feel like lookin at it lbs
Waka Flocka Flame links up with Trey Songz and puts out the visual to "I Don't Really Care," his newest single off Tripl
Haters gonna hate....and Lovatics well we'll just keep being awesome. ;)
#YouKnowYourHigh when a friend pushes you onto the ground (accidentally) and you hit your head off the ground HARD And Laugh About It
I feel like a slag for buying the boy's birthday cake instead of lovingly crafting one from scratch.
Research has shown that conservationism is the easy route for those lacking mental skills. Plus they scare easy.
ok. I'll let you know.
congrats!!! wow, right on time! happy 111111!
Bring on this 15 hour day! #excited!
what kind?
Yes today will be a great day time to.go cook sum breakfast
Ok I like her again she didn't tell the truth to the mom dukes hehe...she still suck for judging
Go Pack!! Undefeated baby!! LOL!
Israelis always do their best to achieve success. If you push them to fight then you will get an all-out war. No surprise there.
I would love 2 see a ground war between GSP and Ben Askren BUT I don't think Ben Askren can take GSP down in a MMA fight I really Don't!!!
Thank you for the follow! I look forward to learning more about your initiative and attending the conference.
this smell is so unpleasant ! killing my nose !
#HappyBirthdayBerryGordy Congratulations :D
come to me 👐
I should be put in charge of date night more often. This is fun!
hahahahaha!!! love it!...I was thinking of giving up women! dating...too much of a hassle. better off working on me! lol!
I wish dad had just let me go to mom's.
Surprised unserialize( $history->getChanges() )->content worked considering if( empty( $obj->method() ) doesn't. Seems similar concept
Hmm that piercing wasn't as bad as I thought it would be
Room to myself
All Florida lawyers who seek to follow me, will be BLOCKED until Title II ADA for Autism training is mandatory in the Florida Bar / Courts
Thanks for the RT ladies! Have a great week!
dang that thing looks so badass! I miss jammin bro!!
ciao thank you! Xoxo
PUT THE PIPE ON HER SHE CALL ME LONGTIME
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. ~Victor Frankl
Don't be afraid. Bet on yourself.
#NP ♬ 'Rock Creek Park' - The Blackbyrds ♪
Thursday morning I will be presenting a discussion of option and compliance issues to the Nonprofit Fiscal Managers Association.
Dis mofo pissed because I forgot their birthday!!! We speak every damn day & not once was it mentioned! Smdh... Not my fault dumb ass!
#workingonmydayoff always fun
ppfffffffffft. The state of Kansas does not like VCU.
RT : Eagles announce single-game seats for 2011 sold out in less than an hour <Wow, looking dangerous this year too>
74 this morning I'm Dallas. Welcome relief.
the past is the past, let it stay there.
Thanl goodness there's a half day of school today
Rest in peace everybody we lost in this world. I guess we all gotta go one day.
Paris, Texas.
can someone please explain to me the little boxes inside the tweets?
Lmao i Will when Jesus comes
&#39;If You Can Run A California Household…&#39; | Thousand Oaks CA Mxi ...
Thank you so much for doing that!
Do you judge people at the bar by the kind of beer they're drinking?
dm me your number....my phone is al bad right now
what, was that TMI?! i can never figure out this social media thing.
Good luck on your fundraising! GKTW is a great organization. We volunteer and fundraise for this great organization!
Watching the rock this movie good af
thanks u too!! And of course I'm always helpin u get more followers!!! I'm even tryin to get u to 4,000!! #SmallFryArmy !!!!!
RT : Josh Hamilton has more HRs in his past 17 at-bats (8) than all but 10 other players have all season.
So cold waiting for bus my earbud cord froze stiff
Built-in pool...in the basement? if you don't mind swimming in rusty sediment.
Lil b is the worst rapper alive
#fridayreads been reading Lesbian Nation by Jill Johnston (RIP); Brunelleschi's Dome by Ross King and 10 for Everything by Rachel Kann
Tomorrow is national hiring day
I have a question! The drums on the new AA! song and the MTH song, are they all 100% real? Or are they samples of the kit?
So all you mermaid fans looking at NaLee hope you get a copy and tell your friends about it!!
The four previous entries are from chapter 8- "Stone in a Sling: A soldier's Journey." SaM
Merry Christmas Lorelei!!!
Very passionate plea. It's amazing he kept it together and didn't break down.
lol I'm fine thanks, supposed to be doing HW lol
I'm impressed that you watch The Bachelor. You're officially every woman's dream!
Just finished water change on my saltwater fish tank
"No event is predestined. Any given event can be changed not only before and during but after its occurrence." Jane Roberts/Seth
Things I hope are slowly starting to move forward.. I just hope they keep rolling and get better.
best book i have ever read
UhOh justin a Boy Are Kidding Of You His Twitter name is justin_bieber
The quote is "Children are our future." The reverse is also true, "We are our children's future." Look for more info on how to do this . .
This whitegirl is in a race by her self bc there is only a handful of BlackMen i wld want in my life anyway. You can have them & the low GDP
really hope can start his junior tennis season today.
harry potter marathon. c':
Justice, round two, in June. Must start hoarding glow sticks and perfecting my D.A.N.C.E. moves.
City BBQ, today i have an excuse to eat whatever.
EERRRRRRG!!! *noise at beginning of song*
Follow us on twitter:
Cough syrup drinking game?
I wish the mind had an off switch, so when you're thinking about something so much it hurts, you can just stop.
The same :(( hate school so much </3. what are you up to?
If they kill Holder, I will be pissed!
Text Adri just sent me >>>>>>>
Fuck wit me
Lawrence Mishel of is beginning keynote on confronting long-term #unemployment and the changing labor market
First 2 mile walk of the day...check :-D
Where do you see Brockers going? Late 1st? Looks as though he could play both the 5-technique in 3-4 or DT in 4-3. Agree?
Happy Mothers Day to all you #DodgerFam moms out there!
HARRY STYLES!
15mbs rolling down the highway on my #iPad on #AT&T LTE! Love it!
#NYR taking one out of Karlssons book. 4th man up ice your thoughts
tell me what you think when you see it
Pollack says the disclosures form the foundation for our society to do a better job of educating citizens about finances
Whoa! Nice socks. Red Sox meet Redskins?
I didn't want to give him an excuse to keep talking to me but my heart said hell yeah.
my pleasure, love reading your tweets.
I wish I could go back in time...to when I was happy lol
Thanks so much! This is an in-house favorite as well.
Hanging out with scarlett night and lexi:)
It is Liverpool Jim's B Day today. Friday, Dec. 30 145pm Liverpool vs Newcastle United
dude i cant even, this girl is blowing up my mentions and she keeps complaining about my queen Keep Hatin' Bitch!
ask -- he registered us as a business, apparently...
#Marc #Savard back at practice
Drinking Indra Kunindra at Toronado. I assume it was named after a Potterverse spell.
with your help we'll be spinning everywhere on Etsy soon! thanks so much for your support!
WHY I SO HUNGEY 😲
RT "A friend is like a good bra… hard to find, supportive, comfortable, and there to lift U up! #smgirlfriends"
well I've got plans now! Took too long. :P
i look 11 in my last tweet LOLZ DISREGARD, im 14 bitchezz
and sleeping through the night would be cool too I bet!
Does anyone else have a problem with the Carmel "victim's" lawyer releasing confidential reports?
Creative and cool people :3:
#SpringFling is in full swing as we inch closer to the Main Event! Join us today @ 1p for our next $65 Qual; 3,500 chips & 15 min levels!
Dont take for granted what you have and Many seek Cause Quickly things can change where you seek what you use to have and no longer granted
When im starving &people wuna bite if my food!!!! #ThingsThatPissMeOff!
Should I consider him...
She looks like she has to think real hard about every dance move. It's awkward and uncomfortable to watch. It's just..no!
is on Hiatus
Slightly insane firebender is also an option.
Well, BirmBuckeye is my "personal" and "Buckeyecentric" account, JBirm_Rivals is more general recruiting info. So, both.
You are welcome, and what a honor to arrive at a milestone. Have a good weekend, and a successful career.
I shall indeed. brb mailing you cake. ^.^
Fuck a blackberry
yes that's why I love animals to begin with. They r pure
Ctfu at the text he just sent he didn't have to come at me like that lol
Looking for a Desktop Support job. Need to get to work. Willing to relocate if I receive a serious offer.
So much better than watching on KMTV...
c-h-i-e-f, thanks man
it's not about the game it's about excitement and future of the program
hahaha, it's true
If you focus on what you've left behind. You'll never be able to see what lies ahead.
Everybody hates me exxtra today
Back to shooting!! "Penny: a love story" in full pre-production swing, "Holy the Hideous Human Angel Milkshakes" on its way.
Have a good trip! (Guessing you're on the road right now.)
Without discipline, there's no life at all
It's early....got coffee???
i changed my background in honor of fall in the Hudson Valley. Okay, now back to work.
- she SO deserves it.
Shadow Moses
Thank you for the mention.
"I'm just a man with balls and feelings!" - Jordan
Shouldn't Dancing With the Stars have just two finalists instead of three? And whats with all the college crap?
probably going to start Ron for defense but B EZ could get crunch time min in LA
ohh iz ok no worries i just dont show nekaded piks of me hereon twitter iz ok no worries ;)
follow.back
glad to hear. i was surprised it didn't come up in the prototype session.
RT : "Put your heart, mind and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success." - Swami Sivananda Saraswati
great run kid!
Thinking flexible, roll with it thoughts.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ We are all in the gutter but some of us are looking at the stars.
“: The worst thing is that I fall in love with girls when I'm drunk.” *boys*
#ACTION Speaks Louder The Words!!!! Amen (God Bless You all)
I declare this the SUMMER OF GEORGE!
we signed up!
you are bad in Scandal! I love it!
just wait until the next one it gets better
Realtors in the Portland area are looking for sellers. Inventory is at just 5 months. Now maybe the time to sell. More @ 6:30pm
I want some BBQ too!
"It's a lonely ol night but ain't they all"
I'm chillin bro! What's up?
good luck man!
Big 12 Women's Soccer Tournament to be held at LIVESTRONG Sporting Park in 2013 and 2014
everyone decides who they family is tho... not neccessarily whos blood!!
but then someone called ticketmaster or tweeted them and they said ALL were sold out. there are only regular ones this week
lmao I have never seen that dance in my life!!!!!
sweet! Haha you should bring me them tomorrow!
youre just annoying now.
Yes it was, until it crashed. RT Omg ustream is amazing.
I am different from every guy, cause' i'm my own person.
You know you're first on my life. YOU KNOW.
I unfollowed the people that weren't following me sorry
Banana Republic is hosting a "quarter back" sale for Super Bowl weekend. Score 25% off all full-price items February 3-5.
With Seacoast Realty in Wilmington, NC and its about to be ON! Step one: Come Alive. Step two: Believe. Step three: Kick some butt!!!
Ew. Delaware stinks.
goddamn you guys are hardcore... Do you supply the knife?
Music is a part of us. Hating on someone's musical choices is like hating on who somebody is as a person
Kind of weird Amy Winehouse's mom's name is Janis - Janis Joplin died at 27 too now Amy dies at 27 Both troubled stars! Strange correlation!
Beth is on E News tonight in the fashion segment, check it out!
RT I CONCUR! "If you listened today, is one of the best guys I know. Stand up gentleman"
I love free ebooks! Thanks for the follow!
btw RT "My only wish is that this years is as weird, as hilarious, as revelatory as last years."
hey matt, pretty sure there are a few converted fans out here in Katy
Looking forward to the Whitefield book!
I just bought some
I know it's "Women's Day" or what not, but does the Google logo HAVE to look like a tampon ad?
The only guy on TV I will ever blush like crazy for: Scotty McCreery. aaaaahhhhh that boy.. I swear. ^-^ <3
it is bullshit.
Me and My Dad tryna trick my Mom into it
Sleepy ass hell.
OH REALLY. I WASN'T AWARE.
you have MY hoodie & macy has yours. I don't have anything of yours.
crazy, right?? It's not productive conversation...
When it rains, it pours.
Finally feeling caught up! Ready for another 2 weeks of
I will be attending the advisory board meeting tonight. No, we can't advise them to trade for Kevin Durant.
Grammar is important! Capitalization is the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse and helping your Uncle jack off a horse.
ATG Rehab Acquires Custom Healthcare and Gulf Coast Rehab Equipment
you are too too much
#15-Dwight Freeney-DE-Indianapolis Colts
why are you so attractive. I miss your face!
Lunched at the new in Westwood today. Restaurant review in the coming next quarter (next next week?).
Happy birthday.
RT I asked about next trend in cocktails "for a personal touch, bartenders will start tea-bagging each drink."
Okay I want at someone to call in and tell me which tweet was their pick of the day - Come watch me live @ zenlive.tv
The holidays are coming! Order a hand-made legal themed chess set today! And pretend this message isn't so spam-like!
12yo's idea for mother's day celebration? Giants at Dbacks.
Please follow us (:
I don't think my father, the inventor of Toaster Strudel, would be too pleased to hear about this...
Alabama Capital is my life❤❤❤
Big shout out to for getting me addicted to Timeflies
So I don't follow #BBW but every1 on my TL is goin in on Susie...maybe I shoud watch
Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss! Truly an inspiration to us all, whether big, small, short, or tall.
LOL which list? : D
My dude had a extra long pinky nail tho...
Ima hit u up den
In the Early Budget Work Session all day, getting updates from all depts. about what it is going to cost to do County business next yr
On the way to eat, with my mom & my daughter!
lol that's what I meant - ~beautiful in a hilarious/dafuq did I just see way.
Do you follow the Ky Kernel? I'll link you to some photos if interested.
now yu know what to do Mr d waiting on yu
Middle school kids love to brag about how many Facebook friends they have - sometimes several hundred. That's a big risk.
heard your song "Go Crazy" a while back , you've got good music Mr.Harris ;D i love it ! keep up the good work .
BECKS. i miss you. game soon? me, you lizzie and of course !
“: Why is my spam all about Christian singles and depression? Am I missing something?” there may be link?
- careful with those candles!
Do you include tips in your budget? Depending on the size of your affair, tipping costs can become quite substantial.
Yeah AR seems like a nice place. The people had a few ferrets.. I've heard they make good pets :) Have an awesome night O_o
Otto rebound machine
23, your still young. Cant wait for the new music..
Stephanie is killing it in the lab!
Fleury with the sick save!
Success is not counted by how high you have climbed but by how many people you brought with you. - Wil Rose
Thanks for the RT, Sharon! Appreciate it!
About to head out to #marketmixnw...looking forward to a great day!
Did anyone watch Austin's ustream today?
I completely agree and just brought in the 2009 Baudry entry level Chinon which is just gorgeous
Kings into aces. I turn a flushdraw and don't get there. Down to 7bbs.
If your goals and dreams are that important to you, you will pay the price to achieve them.
Total eclipse of the heart.
lol oh my , whats with the rude name calling . . .
they scan anyways…length isn't much of an issue, plus it's a seo thing for applicant tracking systems
Woah just saw 2 teachers arguing!
Special thanks to for cheering me up last night, I love you! <3 :)
Some random guy in the street just wished me a happy mothers day. -.-
#NOTAEUPHAMISM!! (this time)
Nice showing! How long have you been on Twitter?
I'm not too worried about giants but after their three losses, they may have something to prove
Markdowns in Shoes!!! Over 7,000 pairs marked down....look for the clreance sections in your size!!!
tell your mom i say hi!
next time you join!
Don’t say it doesn’t matter cause it’s gonna matter to me I can’t be alone with you...
#BestSONGS2011 Sensitive Kid by , Junk of the Heart by , or I Don't Wanna Care Right Now by #formy$
don't perpetuate misinformation.No such thing as a federal citizen.if ur born n 1 of the 50states,ur a natural born citizen
Thank you for your continued support in my absence. I appreciate it! :)
friday? where have you been! Well, lets try and make the best of you!
finally got back to Barry's Boot Camp this morning after almost a year. That was awesome!
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
Waiting on meis so I can go make a Vegas donation. Your welcome boys!
Onions are some bitches.
I just wanna go home
my pleasure :)
u are followed
Caught 2001 there last year, so prolly not for that one. Might do ET though. You?
Thank you for waking my ass up lol. I do not need to be bed all day smh.
it was so fun! learned a lot
This is going to be an amazing day #DMB on the radio and is coming to visit me.
Let us know if you're interested in trying one out ;)
I know a lot of you will have the MUNCHIES tomorrow!
I know u are boont. Lol
Quincy Market yo!
it's says "chocolate FLAVORED chips" why not just say chocolate chips?
are there any games scheduled this week?
Thank you kind sir!
What to do about Flickr... To how many places do you post your images?
pretty sure I just heard bite for the time, and I was so amazed I bit myself. Love you.
N she got that good good she says!
Please Follow me! :)
Attended the richmond Rock convention that was the head and the heart show
You need to update your BHO Flip-Flop List. The saga continues...
I fuck wit it primo...#heavy...i got the files so I can do what I want...but I really wanted to here some of those nasty riffs u do
Shoutout to people who request follower! bahahaha
I was so sleepy earlier and now I can't go to sleep :/ Guess this is a good time to check where all my classes are for #SpringSemester Haha
hii!its me jessy!do u remember when u wrote me on twitter hey u play guitar sorry for no replyin but my old twitter dont work anymo
can i be in that video as an extra that song is motovation to my career
'Real nigga shit lol' RT No lie I love to see my ex girlfriends n a relationship as long as they're happy :)
Does anybody else miss Omarosa as much as I do?
First rehearsals this Saturday!
None of this stuff would matter if the Pirates had a real offense.
Excerpt from the forthcoming novel, Artless, about the beautiful failure of art & the lives a few saints along the way: markbernardsteck.com
Dear Santa Ana winds- One blow and my hair is a mess, my shirt is wrinkled and I'm strugglin to walk in a str8 line. You're good.
'tis good to be the Queen! Let them eat cake!
Dear God... Please let what happened today NEVER happen again. Thank you & Amen.
Thank you for letting me lol ;o)
Michael O'Malley starts with a family story of how his Irish ancestry was classified as "Colored."
Deos any feel like they have created autonomy in their business? I have been on a 5 year journey and think I just jumped a big hurdle, me!
Finna work on my English essay
Don't forget...doors open at 6pm today! All Thanksgiving orphans are welcome!
Boring school
Buying a Short Sale or Foreclosure is very interesting. You get amazing deals, but remember always to do your homework and be patient
make a oovoo so we an vc!
RT Twitter find me a "Medical Transcription" or similar job that is work from home.
"desktop is scuba, mobile is snorkeling"
Weird. Email from County says I'm in tomorrow's 1-4pm training. I signed up for 9am-12pm. Sorry County. I got shit to do; I'm going early.
*WIN* a FREE E-copy of PRETTY AMY until Mon at 5pm PST! To enter, tweet "Excited for #PrettyAmy digital release 5/15" Pls RT
is on band camp and originated in Charlottesville Virginia
"EVERY GREAT MIND STARTED WITH A SPARK!!!!!!!" -Tray Chaney
That Dr. Pepper commercial is so stupid.
It is up to you, but I you came at that time you still could probably get some swings in. Not a big deal though.
I am exhausted... How is everyone else feeling this evening?
Who's goin to Georgia State? Lookin for room mates or ppl who wanna get an apartment
RT : Happy Read Across America Day! What are you doing to celebrate?
STOP SOPA AND PIPA...The Real Piracy going on is in our government. Contact your Senator and Conngressman now!
I just may have to bite the bullet and join.
Oh Hendricks to MOJO that would have been a sick SH goal ah
Tis the season to return those unwanted gifts. What was the worst present you have ever received?
dang girl! I'm sorry that happened! I hope you feel better! 
cool. I was thinking somewhere in ohio city, tremont, or detroit & w. 65, in the middle of the month and at the end
I am so sorry to hear about your spouse. Good luck going forward.
Hunger Games!!!
When boys leave you a cute voice-mail to wake up to. ♥
trololol I'll be at the 10:30 service. Hopefully everything is back to normal.
keep smiling u make the world go round!! we luv u!!
Im soo hungry still..and im craving either chipotle or some salmon
Software Development Engineers are an exception. Many companies look for skills not seen in resume.
hey yeah never thought of that before
love it, although I just realized is spelled it incorrectly...Il buCo. Such a good editor I am :)
Well met, Justified. Well met.
#nasty RT : Rub me out like genies....
"Sent from one of my four iPads."
bout what
thanks love! I will :)
i think it was lawrence & about 14th. but i already forgot. they were all over the bushes.
Ive never been more calm and ready for a show! Next week
If you missed it Check rescue this is what its about smiles on little faces Check it out and comment your thoughts
you spelled McGonagall wrong.
Just what I need - another social media addiction. How did I not know about #tout?
My dad just called my phone to talk. I'm sitting on the front porch, he's inside the house -_-
30 Second MBA with Dawn Sweeney: How do you inspire your staff?
On chill where J.o.
you too Bobby!
Great wedding wknd in Chicago 'burbs. LONG. But great.
Hmm should I sleep?
ok thanks
I think you'll like it. It gets into
that's definitely paying it forward! Haha How're you?
This dude is pissed and he wants to personally destroy Mitt. I've got to think Romney camp LOVES this news conference.
Lots of #NBA playoffs, baseball and #NFL news to talk about today on the show. 888-640-9385 to chime in. coming up.
Great day in Bloomington. Getting ready to head to dinner at Restaurant Tallent.
I HATE asking my mama for money!
Ep or album?
Lunch at BAR BOUCHON, sitting outside with my hottie, is a great afternoon!
Think of a number. Double it. Add six. Half it. Take away the number you started with. Your answer is three.
You wonder if dentists can still truly enjoy oral sex.
Surfing on a pc..... So not the same as my Mac
glad you liked it! yes ill follow you back
i triple dog dare u to follow me
Tom Brady jersey to church?
My thumb hurts ):
year = semester :p RT : This has been such a stressful year.
:pp i see what ya did there
Cool Jazz Sax Man Stan Getz born in Philly. His Bossa album w/Gilberto is Fire! (#AcousticRooster has been to his estate in Dobbs Ferry, NY)
YES!!!!! - RT: I have no idea what the first 3 questions were but my answers are Bacon, Bacon, & Bacon
Just when you think Romney has done just enough to torpedo one of the worst presidential campaigns in decades, Rick Santorum opens his mouth
Thanks to all my friends who never told me how great the band The War On Drugs is. Real cool, jerks.
NOW FOLLOWING THIS CHICO..........
That annoying moment when you have to keep removing your headphones because someone keeps talking to you. -__-
Omg! Michael Weatherly on #TheTalk is hilarious!
hate you.
Word to your mother.
nope! Haha not at all
you, my daughter, Jackie Robinson, and I
#FF cause apparently he's a HEAT FAN :D
Let's cheer on the RUT this weekend as the journeys have begun to Eagle River, WI
u know who now. Don't tell anyone nd don't tell nick
Been looking at shoes all day
never too long! Looking great miss Ari! :-]
Heard you like "Bad Boys". Well, I'm so bad I just ate a banana without even pealing off those string things. Just sayin'!
Chris Abele and GMC committed fraud in trying to argue for the comptroller position. Why did they misrepresent themselves?
Overeem's attorney: I've read the results of the test, but the doctors who administered care to Overeem after UFC 141 caused test levels
"It'll be a coolsaster!" <--mad love for Tina Fey's portmanteau of "cool" and "disaster"
Oh Okay.
Do you have all the Moosewood cookbooks yet--they're still great …
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy♥ please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp ♥ 8
yes! I love Nialler
Had a bizarre dream last night. Virus changed value of pi in computers worldwide, causing science, engineering, math to collapse.
I still love you Rangers ❤💜💙
My daughter is almost 5 months old and we JUST got the bill for my hospital stay.
doesn't sound stupid at all Jennifer. Did you see him talking to the media? That killed me ...heart wrenching
omg I saw it also I grabbed it&i fell on the floor!lol haha
Rant: Why do some people reply to a tech post, saying that they are not having any problems? How is this helpful? Try offering a solution!
"Invitation from a friend" = high attendance motivation for ages 15-24. Grow young audience through your existing young audience?
Naw they love pitties : “: If you own a pitbull, you terrify me. Please leave. #whitegirlproblems”
Follower if you know any hockey players tell them to join this is good opportunity to get some exposure and chance for scholarship
Worked out pretty well. Thanks for asking.
Thunder are going to be a tough out in the playoffs. They just got a lot bigger and only had to give up Jeff Green!
whisked away to the outlet mall today. 8 hours and we barely finished it. all i have to show for it is ONE pair of shoes.
Judy on the importance of linking the units of science education.
I always miss DMs.
ill be your crying shoulder ill be love suicide ill be better when im older ill be the greatest fan of ur life yea ill be<3
My friends doe
#FF: looking forward to the #DBC2012 conference! ,
Palin all but endorses Newt.
So excited for my residential client that had company over for first time in two years - huge step forward
The hood gives the show the advantage of not casting the role for months.
Thanks for your callouts and mentions during last night's #sschat!
Mitt Romney supports diversity in the #GOP. He wants voters who think Obama is guilty of treason and those who think he's the antichrist.
So EnvYus,the team that has been around for 2 - 3 years if not longer,is a fluke..You're stretching now. Don't be sour say GG
I understand the metro problem was huge, but there is no reason for #wmata employees & Cops to tell people to F**k off
Nothing more hilarious than a intoxicated mistakenly identifying an Ordinary Joe for a famous person to their face.
In other news at the mechanic's this morning, the guy sitting across from me is a violent typist -- I feel sorry for his computer.
Sometimes I'm not allowed to delete comments. Why is this?
About #NATO summit in Chicago. The root of social distress and violence is authoritarianism and poverty.
sometimes i feel so mexican.
I just saw a lady in a tight pink outfit have an all out argument with a telephone pole.
Hey ! Thanks for the follow!
thanks I appreciate it
MensHumor RT: "You know you're drunk when everything becomes a piñata." WE FEST...
Getting excited for the #casesmc chat! I'll be moderating today using , but will have co-moderators in the future.
Scotland loves Newmatic! Our new friend Simon from Scotland shows up at our hard rock show with this shirt on! Incredible!
What are your favorite lyrics from one of our songs!? :)
Naked girl- "do you mind giving me something to put on" James Bond - hands her sandals
I remember bein 7 & rappin under my breath in the car. My dad heard me & said "what are you doin, prayin?" & i was like "NO! Beatboxin!" lol
psh, as if anyone will get in the door there ever again after tonight!
speaking of Jewish things, I'd be curious to see what the ratio of Jews is to non-Jews in my Facebook friends.
Now following @ EltonTrueblood on Twitter. Glad I can read bits of his great wisdom here now--still, I find his Twitter presence hilarious.
He could have used our gas card we are giving away on Facebook. ;)
"Dear Followers, I appreciate each one of you!"
Here for my callback, send good vibes my way!
good day today livin life carefree : )
linux commands. Google them !
If your problem has a solution then...why worry about it?If your problem doesn’t have a solution then...why worry about it? ~Chinese Proverb
Congrats :) How exciting!
so much fun stuff!!
highlighting grammar in context in their own writing. Writing prompts that challenge them to experiment with grammar & punct.
THANK YOU
. you know, i would if i could, liam. i would if i could -_- #school .
If your going to tweet about BLACKHISTORYMONTH how about leaving the word "nigga" and other ignorance out..
TRIVIA THURSDAY: AMERICAN REUNION will be the fifth movie this star has been in with the word “American” in the title. Who is she?
I don't trust the govenment with my money. why would I trust it with my heart. That one James
You actually have no fucking idea what i am going through.
I feel bad for this 4 year old Buckeyes fan sitting two seats away from me
Skrillex means to smell really, really bad in armenian
I'm biased but agree pot DUI bill's journey pretty strange too. Session went downhill fast.
- Of course I love Flannery O'Connor. I haven't read her in a while though. What's the Moviegoer? I might have to check it
Hey Honey Child ;)
I don't understand why dubstep is popular. It's just techno with more wubs. :|
and how the hell can i clog your timeline you are following 8 people!:L FOLLOW ME NOW;D
Hire from audience (customers)
You know it's a good night when you find yourself on the balcony of Turner Hall, eating cheesecake with Scott Starr and Mike Eitel.
then whyd u ask dick
how old are they?
Wait, what? Why are we luring hedgehogs with beer?
I am 100% convinced that has NO idea what talent is. Bring it team Blake.
Preach! lol RT": Censored versions of songs <<< it ruins my musical experience"
#FACUPFINAL is tomorrow! And we're showing it LIVE - who is going to win?
I feel like that doctor wasn't much help. Is their answer to everything 'prescriptions'?
lol u funny
Yes, a couple long stories, actually. Too much for 140 characters.
We do not recruit. We can only impress. -- Marga Gomez m2lubricants.com Buy smart, Buy M2 lubricants
We're playing a free show at IUPUI downtown on April 20th. be there ;D
oh my gosh, thank you so much! :)
thanks so much! Blessings on your day!
Too many fancy terms in this presentation.
Bless you. I found out yesterday that we share a common good friend: Charles Gooch. We go back 30 yrs.
RT Ready for the next level but not sure if you have what it takes to play with the “big boys?” You can! Here's how: http:/
LOL, I haven't been on in a while bc I got a new phone and I don't know how to really work Twitter from this device
Holiday Beer Tasting, Wed. 14th,6pm. Taste 8 Holiday beers from The Bruery, Scaldis, Sam Smith and more.Call 255-8500 to reserve your spot!
One race down and one more to go for the day here in Hillsdale!
“We’re working in standard drifter dialect…not RP drifter.” (#dareproject chatter)
most likely SW DC, line of site to Capitol before quadrant of slums were bulldozed in the 50s
come over tonight.
Ah thanks lady on all fronts :D Big changes
how are you korey?
even though we have our differences, you have pretty amazing talent and a good band.
hell no! Not until I went to the grocery store today. I bought like 3 magazines lol
Sounds fun! Looking forward to the select image.
we're on our way!
I dont call it holdin grudges , i call it NOT FUCKIN WIT BULLSHIT .
Be the change you want to see in the world! Mahatma Gandhi
hello boobalicious outfit ;)
You like Madison's food options, Brian?
yea ill take a turkey club lays chips and a sprite thank you...
Ha...well I tried.
What? Twitter just assumes you no longer want to follow someone after you've been following them for a while?
tc dupstep party later tonight?? if not its okay XD
Glad to hear it! Welcome aboard!
Pasta tree!! Yum
February 11, 2012: The day Whitney Houston faked her death thus securing her life as drummer
Nice catch, !
Michael Jordan selling his 29M home! And I got to see the exclusive property listing since my company designed it :D
Day 3 in LA and the kids danced their hearts out. 5 1/2 hours of dancing. I love watching my babies pouring their souls out!
I just got general admission tickets to Dave Matthews Band at Klipsch Music Center on Jun 23, 2012
feeding the baby boy :) and goin to enjoy the day off
I'm here to help :-)
lmao the bush is for soft little girls. I'll be by the 🌴 if you wanna start some shit.
Im always thinking of that next dollar
Just put a fully shopped T2 in Voodoo Doughnuts. It plays really fast. We also fixed the diverter on Dracula and leveled hurricane.
#10FactsAboutMe 7.) i have too many siblings! 6 in total! lol love them all! <3
would be fascinating to see how quickly (or slowly) Facebook can gain momentum if unblocked.
GOODNIGHT! SLEEP TIGHT! AND HOW ABT A FOLLOW BFORE U SLEEP?
Thanks to our pals at for supporting literacy in Houston during National Poetry Month!
DUDE!!!! Killer party in the WGCI studio! NYE for the WIN! I'm dancing like no one has ever seen before!
man come on, that shit ain't cheap...i still gotta but my own hair .
Name a movie that describes your sex life.
U had a good night.
Get me out of this town before I go insane.
": just wanna chat with u,if u wouldn't mind"what's up dats cool
I'll make her my bitch LMFAO !
what the fuck is wrong with you...why would you cheat on him
it was a joke because the awesome Sytasburg is pitching.
I found an old Ring Modulator in my garage!
Dallas missed 2 chances to tie it up, J Terry missed 2 3's... Thunder win. Up 2-0
I'm free in the afternoon
Coffee AND Monster.
thank you for favorting me
how bout them Pacer boys....
good morning to you as well.
I love being with my best friend
“: In 10 hours I'll be landing in Las Vegas haters.” can I climb in your suitcase?
yes! Miss you dudes!
ah I cant wait. She is goingg to be soo precious!!!
Boo you whore.
A woman fake smile hides the tears and accept the pain.... & yet she remains strong act like nothing wrong
Time for my Zumba....
OMG yes! And have fun tomorrow too!
Bout time for me to clean out this pool...i need help...Lol
after my long delay in writing, I feel you have every right to take a year or so :)
the kum n go would confuse things lol
live tiki carving INSIDE Frankie's Tiki Room tonite & sat 8pm-midnight. tikis will be raffled off, so for a couple bucks you could score 1
follow me cmslala
Skylar did NOT deserve to go home . she was one of my favorites... #UPSET. Now if Phillip leaves I'm done.
is mines on the low ,
Its great and even better now that were tweeting! Have you checked out any of our Educational Childrens Toys?!
RT : Photography is art.
CM moves to NOT lay off city employees, at least until Jan. 1, 2013. (CLA reduced # of layoffs from 231 to 209.)
haha thanks! :D
It's Day 2 of #finalsweek. Hang in there. The end is near.
Eating a cookie and Creme cheesecake #Yumm 🍰
no way dude pittsburgh is way worse
Hi - met you at #wherecamp - Has your kickstarter project launched? Just curious...
yeah that's what I read but my computer's too crappy -_-
Hey, I just met you, and bitch you are crazy! Hell no I'm not, having your baby
Llol thanks and text me
haha! Yeah it wasn't really swine related but definitely, creepily works out well. We've been spared so far...
Be pleasant. Introduce yourself to everyone's assistants. Remember names. It's good business
man i HATE messing up on a tweet
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours. Wayne Dyer
Close. Roundtrip airfair, hotel , tickets and VIP passes to the closest concert of prog legend, Neal Morse.
plus the Clippers are playing tonight so i'm not doing it then :/
RT : I like Dope, Ill Niño, stuff that has words...
We have reached 200 likes! :D 200 hundred supporters of an equal and safe America!
you're such a hippie. Ps, current favorite song, blackbird
Come to our conference to meet with industry professionals from an extremely diverse range and navigate the market together.
#FindingYourRoots delivered a fascinating find tonight: domestic doyenne descends from a long line of artisan ancestors.
A1. Accidental arts administrators :)
what an awesome #artopening! Congrats! Everyone should check out your work while it's
thanks man..it was fun! Took Julianna to her first game...good times!
Fired Up Tip 729 Begin this week with enthusiasm for all you do. It will inspire you & others
Brain Floss: Toothbrushes should be replaced every two to three months and after illnesses like a cold or flu.
Thanks Mike, and I do follow you on Twitter which is why I'm ranked so highly;-)
U know wats weird alot of us GRANDERZ just got braces or getting braces soon and VINNY just got braces in my school brace r #Swagg straight
man what you on tomorrow night you not tryna go to that meek mill show in chicago
Had a boring day
An object lesson on Libertarian notions of your rights, I'd say.
I down my shots, I gulp my beers. Til every drop disappears.
The worst way to start your week? Weigh yourself. Gah!!
My baby gone be good, just got this obsticle to overcome real quick!
I hate you, you hate me, Barney gave you HIV. It started with a kiss but then he wanted more, you got raped by a dinosaur!
Is cutting toenails a sacrifice? Maybe paint them pink or red instead.
RT : Conference Day 2: The Main Event. We've been working towards this since October.. Time to get after it
We were the kings and queens of promise
If I asked for a caramel frapp light, why would u put whip cream on it?
Okay, is my hero for the day... But Erin Duffy will be my hero for tomorrow.
Milwaukee could use a utility infielder.. How great would it be to have back in a #Brewers uniform!?!?
You would have paid $4 for those books in our outlet shop.
Happy columbus day! Hanging with my boys<3
She likes hot pants.
Quilceda Creek #wine allocation purchase completed. Need to drop off and pickup #wine at
I did the right thing and voted against in the Madden '13 cover voting. Don't need any cover jinx ruining another SB run.
Damn up and wanna eat # smh
It's beautiful outside
I'm sure Jen Royle will complain about the Caps celebration too.
NEED ADVICE-- #Marathon is 5/20-- do I run 23 this weekend (ran 20 last) or start the taper now?? (I'm too much of a mental runner!)
Word comes that the Salvation Army in Stockton is struggling, making little impression on the stony hearts of the stiff-necked Stocktonians.
Just confirmed DiGiorno Pizza for free pies for our next promotion coming soon!
I'm guessing Sarah picked the movie.
so you were blind and deaf and you shook your hips becouse 3oh!3 told you to? sweet pork and jelly beans!
I think I just started officially not giving a fuck anymore!
It kinda says something about a "friendship" when you're not sad it ended. Especially when its 14 years old. Oh well. Life goes on. :)
Donkey Diner in Coral Bay, St. John USVI has great ricotta pancakes AND great atmosphere.
haha u don't know who's on? Im Corbin :) corbin here ;)
Top of the morning #LSMDC / #DCTech / #LeanDC !! Day 2 of is underway, ppl are calling / testing / surveying today. Get !
Gotta date with my dvr tonight
I hate that feeling.
What time is green flag tomorrow? Feel the need to sleep late already
I was like seriously!??!!?
yeah - no worries there since my cell takes care of the dialing usually :) and, had practice in houston where there's 3!
Won all 3 games... Nothing better than some sand+ volleyball = lots of woohoo moments!!
Would love a catalog dm for address
In Kentucky, it is illegal to carry ice cream in your back pocket.
Sarah Vowell is one of my favorite people. If you're lucky enough to still be in town Sat. don't miss her at PLA pla10
What game are you coming back to Indy for?
Safe travels to Colorado , I wish you were coming to see me! one week till we are reunited in the Rocky Mountain state!
On my way to Las Vegas for the
I'm still baffled by the fact that people actually pay Cision for this information.
stand up for those who cannot stand up for themselves
Good vibes at marina tennis centre despite the rain!
glad you like it!
Oh man, FRIENDS is on two channels! So totes perf! :D
Yes, it is! Anything to get people to donate more is a good thing!
#BBUK excitement in the U.K. is building and we're not even close to June yet. 11:30pm - BBRN
"But there are cars still moving a block away!" she says, and then waits for them to stop before she leaves the curb, as the light changes.
hells ya!!! Maybe I'll win one of these times! lol
Never mind he's at UCLA... Still more top50 recruits for the taking
I'm just guessing on the neck thing. I've done my back before.
Its whatever doe I'm not mad
If to do were as easy as to know what were good to do, chapels had been churches . . .
A wee bit chilly...waiting on hubs to get the fire going. he has fish lights up now. quite festive
Who had deceived thee so often as thyself? - Benjamin Franklin
now following
We love our B.A.R. (Bad A#$ Regulars)! Discounted drinks for all regulars! Everyone else can enjoy bucket specials all day!!!
thanks. I will take you up on it. Are you canon or nikon?
just bought dream theater tickets :DD
Largo is like 4 blocks from me and I'm not there. At least you have a good reason! I'm dropping the ball! Grrr
Well. I guess it's time to start that homework
Fuck not having unlimited internet #IAlwaysGoOverMyLimit😒
driving through your good made me realize how long it's been. Haven't seen you in forever.
just got home from work and totally enjoying my glass of #Cabernet :)
lmao... Y cause animal would throw the drum at u!?
are you hitchhiking?
Well that could easily be taken out of context.
RT : Sam's getting leaves. If it's white smoke up the chimney, we're for gay marriage; if it's black smoke... What can go wrong?
imma start train and fightin just so i can wear my chain like
ohh the power of encouragement
Who else is working on Earth Day. Is there a plan already? (
Exactly my point .. -________-
Guess he won't be on the cover anymore...
Chicago is a great place to be!
If paper beats rock then why is it when I throw a rock at your face, the paper doesn't stop it
Haha, I don't often get them over here, but woof this morning. :/
I want chips. LOL
Still searching...
Not really, i was in the process of learning, u rap?
$30 Bracelets/Wristbands (ALL YOU CAN DRINK), TONIGHT for SUEDE Lounge in Scottsdale MUST ARRIVE before 10:30pm to receive.
dude, I know. The breakfast gluttony did not do good on curvy road back into town, haha. But hey, at least we're full!
"she's pulling an 80's, she's using her phone as a phone"
Rue McClanahanimation: An animation style pioneered and perfected by Golden Girls star, Rue McClanahan.
Sup ivy?
Incredible RT : Lionsgate says last night's Mad Men was the 1st time a master recording by the Beatles has been licensed for a TV show
It's enthralling to walk the earth with a "yes" in one's heart. But sometimes we must say "no". And saying "no" with a captivating smile...
My stepdad & sister asked my mon for something & she said "No why are you asking me for things on mothers day. Y'all are going to hell" LMao
& are two people who get so much flak for the important arguments that they make. So much respect to both.
"I wanna wait on you hand and foot like the king you are baby." make love-keri hilson
Holtbe is having a nice game tonight, but Boston is helping him out a lot!
Oh, man, I was thinking about laying low! I'll see what I can do for you though. ;)
ok Olive and Thyme are now on my list.
Cloud computing is outsourcing #edu2011 dietribes#
A relationship without trust is like a car without gas, you can stay in it as long as you want but it won't go anywhere.
lol goodnight bro.
#TIIP4P Learning Leaders Panel: The Pitfalls of Poor Partner Management Q1) Describe worst partnership experience/lessons learned
Our office will be closed on Thursday, November 25 for the Thanksgiving Holiday. Have a happy Thanksgiving.
you're actually listening in Pysch right now??
so cool!!“: Nice hearing "Are you GeekJames?" today, twice.”
good to hear! I'm doing awesome. :) have you seen my new cover yet?
I'm glad to hear it...I'm doing aiight myself...how's Charlotte treatin u?
no CAMERO! but the 07' Impala SS works fine :)
can I have a Dm :) please tht would make my day
Lalala i love that song :)
i never realized how amazing all these disney classics are, i think aladdins my new favorite...man fuck jafar
got it mayne its been a minute glad to see u doin ya thing and errbody need to follow if not u idiots nuff said a monsta
I wanna thank Chi & Jae helping me almost reach my 7000+ tweet...
wanted to update you on my blender situation :) ordered one from costco.com that got high marks. Oster brand I think....
Driving to work blasting
I'm the type of guy that turns the music way up loud just to tune out reality
Idek what that means, but GL getting it, man. ": I might have to get my meat twirked tonight."
I dont wanna go to school ..
Yes, for sure! RT : same here man. Craziness. All good though. Let's connect when you get back
someone just pocket dialed me..
Oh shittttttt found my old b2k cd
tagging Flynn would make salary too high to be worth trading for, esp with Manning out there. Tagging Jermichael smart.
Captain Lou Albano :)
hehehe I told my mom that she swore at you she's very upset
Crap. 24 hours? Does festival coverage count? I'm still working on my #TFF reviews. Awesome filmmaker exception?
AJ Burnett is a true warrior!
lmao hamsterrs yo buy a pregnant one, yea sure
yep. Haha talk about deer in headlights. You been?
BRIDES! Don't forget to RSVP to ' Bridal Open House this Wednesday from 5-8pm! We'll see ya there!
Wow, 's SharePoint Maturity Model presentation is really good. Great storyline, great examples.
#UShouldnt fake feelings for someone.. just be real with them..
It will be more exciting to announce it at
I'm writing that 3 page analytical essay, complete with that thesis statement I know of... I swear...
Thanks for the follows--who else in the Christianity & Lit field might be on Twitter? I can make a list for us.
I've eaten more today then I have the past two weeks.
More tilting...bad beat or making right lay down and missing out on flopping a monster, taking down big pot?
i gotta go buy a big razor! Mom won't let me use ours :(
you got mad skills, can pull off most anything.
Ask you anything at all???
Missing the #ASMP National meeting in Las Vegas. Had to work. Great idea moving the meetings around the country.
It's like you've already read (part of) my blog post!
are you there? Still on the train.
Batter up omelet, Colcannon Cakes, breakfast Pizza and Slow Roasted Angus Loin with Eggs!
Bought my tickets for Game 3 of the playoffs next Monday. Let's go Caps!!!
Addicted to him.smh
Happy Labor Day weekend! The next likemind Chicago is 9/18 - Facebook invite coming after the weekend
Nunez????? I like what coach is doing tonight.... Cincy will eventually stop making these 3 pointers and the rebounds will come our way..
Going to Faschek lol for stuff!!!! :)
Voting voting voting for
Anyone going to SOCAP?
I Cant Believe My Brothers Asks About Him :-)
Collagen and elastin production starts slowing by age 30, when most women begin to notice fine lines and crow's feet.
RT So far, most talks at #health2con about creating profitable companies, not fixing healthcare/helping patients
What's your favorite podcast?
Get ready for "battaglia italiana" at #tasting the town on 9/23 @ the Humble Civic Ctr. Top italian restaurants go head to head!
Thx for checking us out! We have lots of #ROC managed communities in but we're hungry for more private listings.
because he dont need to jump onto a girl
I tried to grab fog, but I mist. Hehe(;
It's Meatless Monday | Try vegetarian Vietnamese Noodle Soup | Hours: 11AM - 10PM |
RT : A4 More transparency in the grocery store & food labels, hopefully. Its important to know what youre eating!
You're not a dork if u claim ur a dork.
Thanks for the mention. I appreciate it :-)
Good thing Bob Arum isn't president. What the hell?
We R getting rid of some of left over Cardboard spools.Great 4 wire,cords,yarn,x-mas lights.ect. 9-1/2"H w/2-1/8" center 7" ends. .10 cents
Three Years On Twitter Today! Thank You for Following Friending Support I am Kicking it tonight in Delaware!
Still watching.... still watching....
I gave her the handle because she's not on twitter..
they want me too but idk I got a good job but I might yet I doubt it. I'll just be there drunk as a bitch fuck working there
How do you confuse helen keller? Give her a basketball and tell her to read it.
i saw her saying it in mind while bread crumbs fell out of her mouth.
your the first person i followed in 2012
i wish i had a instagram, my phone stupid af.
BREAKING: Cain drops out of race "to spend more quality time with my mistresses."
- Tweeting our way to a total makeover
those who care won't, and those who will don't care, so fuck em.
walking on a dream
Ric Stultz's gallery is only up for another week! DON'T MISS OUT on this awesome show! Everything is cash & carry! Buy today, TAKE TODAY!
And I hang around big dogs ain't no taming me.
Can't wait to get my kitten 🐱😊
M's can't keep a lead.
I'm in for all pool parties
RT : Death penalty bothers me b/c it's applied almost universally to poor, minority men who can't afford defense.
Commission on Sustainability meeting today from 4-6 pm, 417 E. Fayette St., 8th Fl. Join us! It is open to the public!
Check the fridge in Holmes House. No one in will mind if you partake. Saw some brownie pillow cookies in Corner too.
Hunger Games and pizza at Black Sheep! Good Sunday with my favorite guy!
My Canon Mark IV videos will be posted soon, Supreme Hotness!!!!
Jasmine soothes, uplifts, & enhances self-confidence; beneficial for skin; known for romance attraction & balancing feminine energy (body).
i followed you back sir
Jacuzzi flow....maybe
it's a damn shame a left my teleportation device at the house this morning
Chad is doing very important work through media. It's a great feeling to think about solutions to big problems.
Employment of police and detectives is expected to grow 11 percent over the 2006-16 decade U.S. Department of Labor
yum yum wine! thanks for the add! Have you checked out the new bartab 2.0 app? Since you like wine you will def like this!
amen to that. when did it stop being about health? i'm not a better person if i'm thinner. >:(
The Silk Tie likes Guiseppe! We have a passion for ties and looking slick, thesilktie.com
Going well, was in lovely #RI this morning for the RI Healthcare Reform Commission great to see how much the state is doing
Can't edit IPower sites for an additional 8-12 hours after being down for almost 5 hours? UNACCEPTABLE.
Much Respect to Tampa Bay and St Louis
#IUseToWantARelationshipWith YOU. But I don't wanna risk this FRIENDSHIP cus I'm UNSURE if you FEEL the same way. :|
Lost boys make for bad lovers and good liars
I used LLN in an actual IM convo .
Modern Touch DJs @ Rich's Red Room TONIGHT (mention us at the door for discounted cover)... :O
TONIGHT - Special Guest DJ's Lazy K- (Austin, TX), Wyld Stallynz (Fuji vs Curtis Dirt), Tranz-X & Lotus Resident DJ'S XES & Justin George
happy birthday !!!! hope you have a fabulous day!!
No matter your politics, every time a cop pepper-sprays a student/veteran/old woman the #OWS protesters win another battle in the PR war.
will begin 5 minutes of meditation in 0 seconds with
"Help me, Harlan!" I love that guy! Who wants to go with me to hear speak tonight? We can meet in the IMU around 7.
The natural pH of hair is a little acidic. Keep that in mind when manipulating hair with product.
Freaking out right now hksjfasg
It's surprisingly fun & freeing at times.
I'd like to wish a Happy Mother's Day to infertile women. I'm sure you would have been great.
um tim went to prison got billy...talk about heart!
Thanks so much! That made my day!
Weather should clear up by this evening - get excited everyone! Spring CCM is here!
#FLOTUS and I are sharing the same building today in Louisville. Wish I could get her to come to my talk on #AtTheDarkEndofTheStreet!
& on the radio right after each other;)
What are you going to miss the most from this year's Kentucky players? Mine is probably Darius Miller's bullet passes. They had fire.
Hey. whats good? :-)
The Tunisian revolution cost the country between 5-8 BILLION dollars.
Headed down to Nashville next sunday!!! Guess whose not gonna be a blonde anymore.... :)
2 hours of glee tonight?! i can't handle it
...I love tomato soup...a little too much ♡
8-yard first downs?
Great night to mow!
Working on a documentary through the weekend.
well me sara josh and candice are going to see harry potter and the half prince (candice is a harry potter freak)
Laptop Speakers: Too quiet for music, too loud for
Thank you!!
good beach reading?
Working on California gigs!
these Nigerians wont let me!
With this one and 6 others at The Wit.
Just got zapped by the sleepy bug. I feel a nap coming on, in the very near future. z
of course!! Hope to see you soon!
She really was -- Elizabeth Taylor really was and still remains the most beautiful woman in the world. -- DKNY PR GIRL® ()
Full day! RT : Full workout early am Metropole followed by brunch then shopping. Now sports on tv
