I called & he said he didn't know when - or where, but yes they do support Barrett.
#iDoNotSupport A dentist with chipped teeth.
ack! I'm scared! Not sure I have the attention span for a dense book...
take a listen to our music here in Memphis!
downplays any suggestion that pension reform wound up being a water-downed version and not what he had sought.
More from Fitch report: unsettled European market means bigger chunk of European cov-lite debt being sold to US investors.
...not that I attended a single panel. Always feels so strange to spend an entire conference in an interview suite...
I don't know, man. The late 80's were pretty terrible.
Special s/o to for a delightful late lunch
can I have the link to your blog :3
I have my #nyssma today :) I feel perfected with my solo <3
how u been
#SouthLA: We cover your community. So tell us what ought to be on our radar. We're listening!
Today is the first day of the rest of your post apocalyptic life....and its gorgeous out!
That horrible moment when you smell someones dragon breath, but can't tell who it is...so you give a mint to everyone around you to kill it.
RT : We're getting ready to head out to for the Garden for the Community planting!!
I’m still not convinced.
RT : Engineering & Humanity Week 2011 will bring to life examples of how innovative engineering and design are begi… (cont)...
oh, I'm judging...
thx kari! We are doing great. Looks like you two are as well. Enjoy your day with your beautiful lil girl
Hello my beautiful Maaamii! 😘
and just like that...
happy Easter
Thanks for the Revolución Shout out!
BBVA compass Stadium grand opening today, DCU vs. Houston Dynamo NBC Sports Network
Hey everybody, my account got hacked. Sorry about this. I will be fixing that.
Come to 2 dollar pbr and Schlitz during the #brewers game! Plus I'm bartending!
Quiet Saturday night again...Just me and my 3 assignments~.
Thought it had the necessary components: super natural evil, creepy backstory, helpless characters in danger. And melting faces
Reading Are Your Nails Ready For Holiday Parties?
ZIP code
Happy birthday to the homie !
It's already Wednesday! You know that means, #PROPSpartnerday . Come into Ecoclean & 5% will go 2 !
Need to come up w/ a clever name for an English Brown Ale for Dirty Shirt Brewery. Ideas? I'm thinking "Brown Sauce"
Watching ESPN college basketball on the USS Carl Vinson...awesome idea to celebrate our troops!
I support, love is love no matter who you are, #NoH8,
It's nice outside already B)
This party loving mom on
Chinese Activist Chen Guangcheng Escapes House Arrest in China A human rights lawyer x2019;s escape from house arrest dealt an embarrassm
Thank you so much! Sorry I'm just seeing this. Enjoying the sun?!
#ala10 Thanks D.C., I can now finally say that i've put my neck on an air conditioning unit.
is the site down?
OK! Pee'd? Check. Perrier water. Check. Awesome. Let's get this show on the road...
Frank Vogel complains before the series and what did that get him? Foul trouble on his team and a $15,000 fine.
thank you ! Naw i won't. I know better girl
Boston vs Philly second round sounds great to me.
So you think I have to answer that??
I would love to see Michelle Williams #OscarsUpset! She was my pick, but I predict Meryl Streep.
Have a great show, hit me up after this weekend to talk, This year is full of surprises
brrr. now that it's getting cold out, why not have your meals delivered straight to your door with brewcitybites.com?
I beat you in biggest smile and Alexi in biggest eyes in the same photo! What are the odds...
I want my students to create a digital textbook chapter. Aside from iBooks Author what software is good for this project?
Love myself a Friday!!
Scar Jo! For sure!
I think I left my brain somewhere in Wednesday...
RT : Good luck in #greekweek bowling tonight!!
let's go!
FREE LEGAL FORMS, ANY STATE COURT OR CATEGORY, BUY OUR 100 LEGAL BOOK SERIES ON AMAZON.COM FOR ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
Perfect. E-mail nicholas at nicholaswyoung.com with details about your schedule. We'll set up a time that works for both of us.
Im just not depressed enough to come up with a good tweet tonight.
RIP Donna Summers... :(
Thanks for following! Food allergy is rapidly growing health problem + the more we can educate people about it, the better!
A7. RT : I think social media can provide a safe place for us to advocate and share our stories.
It was so nice today, I loved it :)
Failure teaches you lots of things. Losing teaches you nothing.
please Follow me and
103 likes I love all my GRANDer and ICONiacs sistas! Cuz you know were all family! ~Ashley
Good request MTF! I second. MT “: My request? Come to our tailgate! Life is good today" Come hang with us!
That sounds fun! Is this an annual mixer you hold to starting ramping up for the Festival?
Do you like #RNG ?
Hopefully I pass this test on MONDAY though....I can't afford to fail it AT ALL..!
it is true that u are a U.S Army...
Where does #Obama get his numbers? I like what he's saying, but I don't understand the math.
I delted my facebook and now I'm workin on my twiter game follow me bitch
I hope bolton and chelsea win
because I passed out on Monday!
Coach Cal "We got swagger" :) Go Cats.. moving on to the SEC Championship.
....some of us are alittle less perkier than others this morning! why hm? lolssss:)
LOLOL hatred of their fellow man. Hilarious Megan. have NEVER heard a positive thing about anyone from any of WBC. Hello POT???
you put on a great show tonite in charleston, just thought i'd let ya know(:
Getting up at 6 am to move your car SUCKS!!!
It has both HD and standard of last night's, just not the week before. So strange. At least there's Hulu.
Going to bed :) Goodnight
when is the Avon vs. Speedway thing ?! \
Quote of the day: "Strong people around you can keep you going, but you gotta remember to go at your own pace."
How did this happen :/
Wonder wats its gone b
The k amuses me.
#itsokaytocheatif your not in a relationship, or your doing homework.
Looking into some sort of transportation/ shuttle service btw. campus & Rosslyn. - Rocco DelMonaco, VP Safety
Rocking out with & the king of spring break at Umbria tonight
Haymitch is a drunk. I have Cato on my side and he's a trained professional.
It isn't weird, i'm a very lovable guy! :P
Don't think Reggie understands this quote. "Ain't nothin' been given easy to me, ain't nothin' easy been given to this town, so it's a fit!"
thanks, Skye - I'm getting there slowly, but surely. I did a 12 miler on Sunday and I survived. :)
hope you #diggdat thang... let me know
Check out my hip hop mix and Dembow mix I did...what you think?????? www.soundcloud.com/djdmannyc
58min till show time so excited everything is done early and we are all on time loving staff and outside crew. Amazing!
Another Rite Aid in Hollywood got held up. I think I am going to go work on my friends resume and get her the HELL out of that job.
Tomorrow is game day !
Always open to submissions, though!
Brady won't pull this off after those two drops.
BSD is more useful for many purposes. "Best" is a value judgement that begs the question! :)
'This is actually really mellow shit...'
Oh man, girl no one wants to hear how you feel about your intamate relationships
Go to sleep working, wake up working
At Pullen Park With (:
EASTER IS HERE! GET YOUR LAST MINUTE EASTER FLOWERS HERE! 505-884-1600
i can listen to the same song for hours, you know. until i get tired of it & find a new one lol
the performance is, but if you wanna have a drink we're still up for a drink. R u?
And then when she went outside to say goodbye my dad locked her out of the house until she learned her lesson.
Damn, the phone is busy lol. bad damn timing!
Angel kiss flavored coffee today! (White chocolate and coconut) It's YUMMY! come in and get out of the bad weather and enjoy a cup!
#cowboys legends Drew Pearson & Michael Irvin has confirmed 2 attend Ballin With The Boys Celeb/Charity BBall gm May 31. 4more info->
Aren't they just miserable?!
Dolly just rapped. Shit just got real, yo. Right, ?
Therapeutic Listening course was great, but playing catch up at work is not! Never enough time in the day.
Chase and Status .. wow
Such A Good Day 😃
Lies! Filthy lies! You WILL see the sign and it WILL open up your eyes!
KSON RADIO What should John and Tammy's husband Kurt wager for their bet during their 50 mile bike ride for Tour de Cure?
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough. - Frank Crane
LinkedIn Tip of the Day-If you are an Outlook user, be sure to download the Outlook Social Connector. Go to Tools on the bottom of the pag…
What's going on tonight for Impact attendees?
Today's phrase for a FREE #Xerox pedometer in the #Xerox Social Media Cafe - I love walking around #drupa -
4/15/1777->L. Carter: But a Mothers tenderness and Fears too often interpose and check the ardour of our Youth.
Comcast & Walt Disney Co. form partnership that will allow Xfinity TV subscribers to access ESPN live streaming content via WatchESPN app
HAHAHA, then when you beat him up look him dead in the eyes and say "YOLO, bitch!" #HA!
when I worked at starbucks (where dylan found me) I only made $20 bucks a week in tips...so your dollars count! Tip! Tip! Tip!
lol what did he do???
Chowder Her Face #lessambitiousoperas (... actually, this could also fall under #alternatetitles )
I have always been glad that I didn't live in the panhandle of NE. How much snow did they get?
Texted the guy I'm seeing that my bike was stolen and he replied "Sorry dude". DO YOU EVEN REMEMBER THAT GREAT BLOWJOB
Survival tip 101 from "when you're camping use a fork as a comb"
Janel did you try to call us fags?
i never shut the fuck up.
Heading to the school! :)
same here kid same here ;/
#TeamMME ready to take it "Up Top!!" for the summer. Are You?
lol oh ok. That's good. Why you wanna leave? U hate the weather or something
shot you a PM about some spam I found in the wiki
please do I am always looking for talent. But we are different. DM me will send audio credentials...A list
I Know Bro smh
I wonder what this week has in store for me! I know I am excited about tomorrow morning!!!
Oh shut up Charles Barkley!
"if I ever find any documentation on it..."
Come sing with us on our Noches Bohemias tonight! Any singers out there?
you are welcome! :P
#WITI #WTMJ #WISN #Fox 6 #CBS 58 Transit Plus investigated by Milwaukee County Transit System 4 the mistreatment of disabled elderly man
The language was way over the top though. Proves he is trash.
Really hates the people I live with..
Great time today w/ ! Thanks for having lunch with us today!
great presentation! JFDI should be applied to life as well. Just F*ckn Do It.
Some people just need to take their happy pills more often!
yes, I did. Thank you!
How many times do you think Ray Parker Jr. has yelled "Bustin' makes me feel good!" while climaxing?
I had the weirdest dream: I was filled with hate. Like constantly hating. And yesterday was a good day. Strange.
" no need to break it down. It's all ready broken
"A person like me working at an oil refinery just sounds like a bad comedy movie waiting to happen. I bet Ben Stiller would be in it, too."
Feel I got a long way to go.
ooh, a new one for me to watch! :)
About to make me a grilled chicken salad then hit the gym.....
bout to go take a shower
I dont ......., nvm bye hope all goes well in ya career & wuteva bye
Waves to Talia and Rhea! Thanks for the like!
We come to play everyday, today we came with 150%
Enjoying a lazy, peaceful Sunday afternoon after an eventful weekend and another wonderful brunch today.
That was re: your #FF hashtag. I wish I were going to and , but I'm going to #SWMadison instead :-)
Just gotta learn from my mistakes.
Saw talk about "Touch" this week & now see a pic of my 2yr old niece drawing on a tablet instead of a coloring book
I Don't Like Subtweets, @ Me , Smh !
Love the new video, its pretty sick
Only good thing about getting ur haircut on post is they don't try and force stupid conversation to get a tip. Shut up and cut my hair lol
Going tanning for tomorrows filiming
Not sure what all the fuss is about except No1 in the NFL has ever Really Wanted Quinn & he's sore about it.
Thankful for everything and everybody
Your the drug i wanna overdose on
Must be the feeling
Just chilling watching #Signs with Mel Gibson and Abigail Breslin
That actually really pisses me off.
I'm such an idea
Aw that's that hurt ..
Does it sound desperate if I admit it wouldn't take cash? Anything for you, WHCD and
just as great of a risk in middle tennessee?
99 degrees today. Looks like the mulching will have to wait til this evening when we hit out low of 78.
the walls are closing in on me but I don't live in debt no more
I Bet the person under my tweet eats Sour Pussy V V V V V V V V
Hahahahaha. Forgot the new name. I don't know you but I bet you like In-N-Out.
Hold 786 flight ! is in the building!!
come with tonight
Poor you! One Zito fan on the entire planet, and he plagues you.
After an excruciating stall, game appears to be back on. Literally. Fingers crossed!
coming or going?
didyou ever get a screener for The Los Angeles Ripper?
"Let us cross over the river and rest under the shade of the trees" -- last words of whom 149 years ago today?
it happens
hahah , twitter's getting bored :/ , im bored wbu?
What is it that makes battle hardened warriors humane enough to return the dead, but not so that disputes turn into war in the first place?
Close to the end of THE LEFTOVERS by Tom Perrotta, read by Dennis Boutsikaris. Very enjoyable, but also somewhat baffling.
How will you use personality marketing in an era of information overload, virtual relationships & ADD?
REM is finally calling it quits. Good for them I guess, but they should have done so at least 10 years ago, and maybe 15.
Testing out mobile twitter...
Craig hasn't been drafted yet, but he's still a darn good player. Fun story about how he puts in work outside of school tomorrow at 6&10pm
Gervase Wheeler: A British Architect in America, 1847–1860 by Renée Tribert and James F. O’Gorman G'78 now available from
RT : I'm starting a support group for people who don't "get" the Twilight Singers.
I guess 35 is taken, so I'll take Will Venable's number, whatever that is.
In Sontag's formulation, neither the possession nor the past is real; the act of taking a photograph offers the photographer a false sense o
why am i at my house instead of fantabuloso?
I had a creative writing teacher in college who coulda learned from that article.
ah I love him! He's hot lol
ulatstosic556 Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Girls on Playboy take naked pictures for money. Girls on Facebook take naked pictures for likes & comments... smh
#ImThatPersonWho can never find something when it's right there in my hand...
dont know anything about it lol but I might have to give it a shot.
Very happy to be a part of the new #jamescarrington.com single "Ache".
I love when tweeps tweet that they 'just posted a new pic'...like we're all going to get all excited and go click on it. #whoexactlyareyou?
MEXICO REPRESENT. THIS IS MAH CREW.
is working on a plan to direct 47th ward TIF money into schools
RT ur the mayor of whitey cast'el/ 'round here I'am the king! Have a Merry Christmas and HNY!
I wish my answer could be, for seventeen magazine (:
wow really over it
Never in the history of the world have so many people read an S-1 at the same time.
You have been exercising more... that happens to me when I up my exercise.
haha yes roomie, i finally made it home to our mansion. There's no place like "home"... Lol
Gotta Love Mr. Grohl! Life's a bitch, gotta keep on truckin! Check out the "Fresh Pots" video of his if you haven't already
Harry shorts replaceamovietitlewithshorts
know it doesn't have girlfriend on the title, but i'm sure it gonna make you remember of your girl :)
#Random those girls you see that are really cute but don't know what looks good on their body
10 days without string bean?
For the record...I'm totally freaked out by tornados so living in the midwest is slightly stressing me out.
oh I like that answer better
We can, we can break out of here jump on over there where the air is clearer we can, we can forget the pace win in our own race become a
MY 100 TWEET WAS; QUOTE OF THE YEAR MEN DONT ENVY
saves the day and replaces a pair of shoes which fell apart much too soon.
hopefully u love dat person enough so that yall can make it out of it alive (sometimes litterally)... and unbroken
I want to be at home watching Friday and Next Friday.
they set up reflected mirrors and lights and made it look like the recording studio was haunted hahaha
My friends never cease to amaze and impress me.
"Dance With My Father" on in the Avis lobby - the song that once threw into the ceiling in a rage
Such a respectful picture. Might be your best tweet ever.
Happy Hour in Milwaukee can't come soon enough.
she said thank you. And there's some Mole's leftover if you want some. :D
and How was UPCEA this week? I miss my continuing ed peeps. Hope you are doing well.
Talk Dirty to me maybe a purr or an m, or simply breathe heavily.
Model Pop >>>> Bottle Pop
we won't be able to catch you in Alameda (Giants tix). Any chance you're in area Saturday?
thanks for making me smile, for making me happy :) you're my inspiraton! #younow today? :)
Me either doll its acutally just Miss Kentucky US there are few of us! Its going to be an amazing time! Hugs!
LOL on the P.S. Carl
If your not laughing then what's the point?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! Hugs n kisses but mostly kisses😘
New topic - Olympus Space Kit price
thanks! Appreciate it!
RIP Norton Dodge, who saved so many works of dissident art during the dangerous years of Soviet rule in Russia
Ricky Martin :D
BGP The Worlds #1 E-blast Service
Collaboration between NSTIC and industry on secure data/identity management saves up to $10 per signature on process cost.
We look forward to your updates!
What a Friday! Who's doing something exciting this weekend?
Beadles forever ♥
I went shopping today. Yep, talk is still cheap.
Cleaning out my whip!
Holy moley. I'm done.
Mike Miller tryna put on for white people from trailer parks everywhere.
um I think your mistaking this for a bad thing... You're 7 years younger and 20 lbs lighter; to me, you're the little one :)
Rick Ross just signed Omarion to MMG
its SEERSUCKER the hell would you do that to it for?
Awwwee :)! Thanks :D!
Here's hoping you heal up quick and get back to sleeping - cause that's where more dreams and tales come from!
SO did some kitchen tasting for yesterday & I approved a DELICIOUS gluten-free chocolate cake (thought of you)
I am glad Premier League is back but I hope to see matches that don't end in a draw
Stay up-to-date with the latest Diet & Exercise news, information, community postings with our email newsletter
Finding a European Village ...last session.
Good win tonight!!
Follow me back my nigga!
tj, shut up.
yeah dude, puts out some quality mixes :)
Brazilian butt lift IS SERIOUS SHIT! 20 minutes and I'm fucking drained! Omg
You have to love the Bergeron-Marchand-Seguin line! Never say die! Go #Bruins!!
Another life lesson is what I'm left with.
cause.....like what if being fat was contagious!!!??? and number 2...they are fat...lol
where u at right now?
RT Is just like a second home. Cant wait for what God has in store tonight
seperate note! Graduation fitness/sexy bod countdown starts tomorrow! U in?
Farewell Firefox, it's been swell.
State Dock is a few weeks away, and we are SO EXCITED!!!!!
Can't Be Friends - Trey Songs >>>>
Please go follow this amzing girl She loves you and it would mean the world to her dude!
well you could probably say people don't have the balls also, but pansies might just sound nicer 👍🌸
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish! Thanks for all the support!
You mean like undercover reporting. wink*wink*
I love you girl! I appreciate you so much. xoxo
good plan! Maybe u can be an extra tomrrw.
voters care about neighborhoods, city services & helping improve the process for small business & not fake twitters.
Accurate RT : Who has friends? Not Makenna.
Getting my hair cut today :)
so the Pacers. You still doubting them. Be ready for my shoutouts soon bro.
Happy easter to web guru himself gonna catch up in Venice this week!
The girl who had tea with the devil
Sex Aint Better Than Love<3
Hey everybody my bands cd was just released go to my Facebook and click on the link to buy it
I can email u details.
Win or lose I'll be here helping to make El Paso a better place, Will all candidates in Tx. HD-75 commit as well? 100% El Pasoan
Just watching videos of 1D makes me want to cry. I really want to see them some day.
Since I was blessed to win a pre-release copy in the teamBailey contest it'll be hitting my doorstep soon?Ooh please say yes
methinks you have been slightly over trained
did u miss loe blowing the hold in the 7th? tune in now to watch how krod look doing it!
Last minute preparations for the Great Bay Mother's Day extravaganza! Fam coming from TX, DC, SC! So the plumber's here...
Happy Birthday to long-time soccer supporter Dave Johnson! “It’s in the net, It’s in the net”
My baby Rayle' holding her bottle a lot better than b4 & eating out of her spoon!! Go Rayle'
New York New York .... On my way!!!
Nearly as warm and much sunnier in Baltimore today JC!
dollhouse beds are 25% off. While theymlast. Any color. Twins and fuels galore. Worn and distressed.
guys.. looking for a great gift for your girl??? sexy boudoir photography will get make her feel like a supermodel - you reap the benefits!
that is certainly true. I'll pick up my new baby iPhone tomorrow night.
I bet that message has never been preached :-) But this one has; "Mission 120!" BAM!
does that mean you? Kidding (:
Can't wait to see what cute little shirts Philadelphia comes out with after this game.
I like the MKE idea to put by the airport, but for 350k, I'm sure someone could do it for a better price than that...
make that confirmed.
RT : As always, start with your goals when thinking about social integration
and im pretty fucking pissed at you , saying i have a fucking problem okaai . ! ?
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
RT : Why stress over him when you know he's not stressing over you
the time difference is crazy!!!
According to Mom I'm a quarter of a century old today. Gee now feelin' kinda old. But that's just her way of sayin' happy golden birthday.
come to tonight to quench your thirst...
really???? nice shot
Looked at the weather this morning in Sioux Falls; 33 degrees.... Looked at the weather this morning in Corpus Christi; 74 degrees...
Whitney Houston you are loved and deeply missed. We will keep singing along!
My legs are jellllo
last night was awesome...the first of many
early evening rain storm made lawn mowing decision for me... maybe tomorrow
I'm the sissy in this house! RT: ": Hubby scared of Made me take the cover off the smoker and start it up. Sissy.”
lol ive never been to beverly hills :(
And the packer won't lose a game this season.
Percy Miracles was the best.
NashVegas is a blast (and this hotel is a city unto itself)!
Al Green in the background..
I love those tattoos on the ends of your fingers!
Lookin for love in all the right places :)
promoting site at the 2nd Annual Business Expo hosted at FHS by the LTRCC.
where have you been I feel like I haven't seen you for days?
whos gonna see #MissionImpossibleGhostProtocol? i know i am! RT!
Great turn out tonight at Amity Hall after the debate!
you're turning black!
I totally agree! Small is the new big
Thank you Friday for coming. Let's take care of business!
honestly you and the rest have to stop with these ridiculous offers. Its making me angry now
Sprucing myself with a little bit of 's black beard's delight. Let the feeding begin ladies.
let boys know what a real slab is. he killed it at #Awready. Thanks bro
Batman is real #don'tforgetit
Budget results are starting to come in from across Long Island. Make sure you're following for all results.
I want One Direction to do a Call Me Maybe video
boo! They closed already. No food at Elsa's n Lily's? Lol maybe you can raid their fridge.
Hey check out what is giving away for free to a lucky winner in #AUSTIN if you play by his rules!
Having such overt reminders of how terrible race relations are in US is painful to endure, and I know I'm not the only one feeling it...
You only regret what you dont do 💪
oohhhh jeennnaaa marrrbllessss. its better to just stop and let people forget about you rather than make incredibly un funny videos.
easily could have been agreed.
haha I know Tebow was chewing on one the other day too! 😄
We're not official tweeters for but and I are in!
"You speak fluent hoodrat Kenny" - Charles Barkley
Our duty as men is to proceed as if limits to our ability did not exist. - Teilhard de Chardin
:) RT I haven't been wearing nail polish for the last two days and it has made me so much additional awkward. Fixing that now.
I'm excited for you that sounds fun lucky you!
It's all fun and games until you drop a power drill on your hand. Ouch! Hand still throbbing...
crap. dragons are the new zombies.
You motherf***kers!! Now you decide to do maintenance on the fire alarms?!? Damn you!!
I Took The G Out Your Waffle, Now All U Got Left Is Your Ego-
Top notch Syracuse education right there. It is sessions not cessions. #really What was your Wonderlic? I bet less than 10
Taking credit for limiting scoring in the 4th quarter is like Al Roker taking credit for sunshine.
Thanks for the mention podcubs!
I'm sad I didn't see the Smithsonian pumpkin carving ideas before! Really cool
this is cause you do all that ecstacy when you hit those concerts. don't lie. i'm hip to you youngins!
where you at? I'm bout to grab lunch and hang by the pool
O okayy! I get it now:P ... Ello mate
I still can't find this supposed house where Daft Punk is playing.
I love when you respond to all my tweets at one time. It's like Christmas.
WHEW! it wasn't the same w/out you.
BAHAHAHAHAHAHA. VIDEO! VIDEO!
Long day ahead but gonna be a happening weekend. Hope to see you guys in Springfield tomorrow night-BH
Enhancing me and the Mrs. home office. Snaking ethernet wire through insulation isn't the most fun job in the world!
thanks for the follow :)
I do too<3
Hope to meet you at a twitup soon. Merry Christmas!
WISHING AND HOPING MY DREAMS COME TRUE TODAY PLZ FOLLOW ME SELENA I LUV YUR MY IDOL 4 LIFE (: <3 7
after this one I have easy classes too.
haha, yeah watched Jennifers body few minutes ago ^^ .. do u know good movies dude ? ;)
“: we always gotta make it more of a struggle than it should be... #Lakers but its still on to the next one”
tx for the RT!
WORD!!! Their workout pants are an instant booty lift!
Gotta love it when federal officials argue that you should just trust them that they're doing their jobs.
I guess my dog really likes Lady Gaga lol
Headlining tour from Ed Sheeran.
"Don't be a spectator,don't let life pass you by." - Lou Holtz, born this day in 1937.
Don't act like your so special.
“: Hey Dad, this is fucking bullshit.” this sounds EXACTLY like how I talk to my [estranged] father.
red potatoes huh lol i see u
gotta fucking headache now...this dumb ass just opened the window on my damn head...stupid bitch.!
Those girls that are like "omg I love da 60s da beetles and jim morrisen is so sexy but mic jager ew he's got big lips who's rich alpert" no
yes it is, its last yrs magic lol
hahaha, u guys better pack up and move, I feel like the earthworms are giving u warning signs right now
Why, why, why is there a used diaper on the street. Why! Ugh barf.
oh you are wonderful!
gts numba 1! who do you think you are running around leaving scars. -alex <3
she will have room I'm sure.
after rocking all 3 EPs today, realized has a full length out!
Now I have boys 2 men in my head. Thanks Aaron Rogers!
no problem! hope you're having a nice Wednesday so far :)
And even the defense is scoring for the Ducks today. Colorado is simply awful. So bad I feel sorry for them.
Happy Mother's Day to all the great moms out there!
It was a tangle of trying different things and reading different articles. I'll see if I can come up with something sane.
Life as a series of traumatic brain injuries.
Can I get a tweet please? It would mean SO MUCH!! Sick today...make me feel better?
thanks 4 the follow. How long you guys been doin yer thing? We would love to play west CO again. The Mesa theater is sick!
#awkward being in the same house as my boyfriends ex gf x__x
"The poison gas these days that is causing birds to fall from the sky in publishing is…mobile." - RT
Please let the old guard know they have a home in my crew: Old Dirty Dogs, Inc.! Dinosaurs 35 and up!
RT : Pls ask all who follow you to join us here. We will have a larger voice for change. We can do it #NOW. Thanks & LOVE
Had a meaningful convo w/ voter on GOP Primary. Tho we disagreed, he appreciated my honesty and said he'd vote 4 me.
Let's Go !
where's the whole album swisher and instrumentals download link
“ That awkward moment when you really want to talk to someone, but don't know how to continue the conversation.”
Municipal #Recreation casualty of budget cuts. How do park and rec folks keep themselves essential? Diversify. Innovate. What are u doing?
When's the cutoff?
Yep. Thought it was gonna be caught. Sigh. RT : Gotta get Ike the RBI there... C'mon Turner...
Kids are eating lunch - overheard 'daddy made good food and mommy didn't even help him.'
Never take anything for granted.
Thanks! This is another good example of an alternative way to handle the request.
spinning tonight w the Night Dreamers! Getting the spot warm from for next Thursday w The Real Live Show!!!
thank you sweetheart!!
is my fuckin hero. Keep the smile on ur face kid. It keeps us all happy.
um I felt that last tweet was a lil too modest so I modified then hit RT vote for Lisa muthafunkin bello not just n e one
Had an awesome night with , , and at Zoey's. Good hangin' with y'all!
i need u
you're an idiot.
someday... i'll make it to the showcase showdown... someday!
glad you weren't seriously injured cause that woulda tarnished one of the most awesome things I've ever watched.
"I would slap you, but in Germany we don't hit little girls"
white lips pale face breathing in the snow flakes burnt lungs sour taste
The only redeeming thing about sitting thru The Black Swan with my wife is the Portman-Kunis action.
Why is my life so #complicated and, I wish that my life can be
I should really get to bed. Probably shouldn't have taken on this extra shift. Oh well, everyday I'm hustlin'.
The Radio City Christmas Spectacular is on Netflix!!!!
Thursday! Go Chargers! Wear your Chargers gear today and get 15 % off your bill! Don't forget live Jazz with Joe Marillo from 7 to 9pm!
Well hope you are feeling well enough to watch the #GMEN! Get better
ha sorry, I take that back. I can't say that with any faith.
“: Someone come move my bed, & I'll pay you in Trident Layers. Your choice of flavor.”lmao
Steve Jobs Johnny Cash Bob Hope. No Jobs No Cash No Hope. Please RT.
Did you take cool photos at #WFX? Share them here with your colleagues and peers!
#1omf is on my mind..
nordstrom.com good example of integrating YouTube, reviews, shopping, community.
Getting Pissed off..
I sure hope the rest of the band punches me square in the jaw if my ego gets as out of control as Steven Tyler's -jay
"This is Russ Leatherman calling on behalf of... your doctor. You have... 6 months... to live."
Gary, sooner or later we're all going to have to choose between more Obama and someone that at least isn't trying to sell out USA!
#still blown away by last nights #DowntonAbbey clearly will be playing the soundtrack on the way to work this morn
Meeting up with director at newest branch at to get sneak peak before it opens this Saturday, video to follow.
Got one of those "Dearest hardware purchase manager" emails from China today. I don't know why, but the "dearest" always slays me.
emailed didn't get YouTube 1s
The measure of your enlightenment is the degree to which you are comfortable with paradox, contradiction, and ambiguity.~D.Chopra
by far thanksgiving food stuffing turkeyy etc
ah shit that's even farther
thanks guys!! You guys will be in our hearts forever!! Go Cats!
made it through another 2-hour, double session of water aerobics this morning and I'm feeling GREAT!
was just thinking the same thing...
When you make stuff up,in your mind, ( I call it MSU-ing), you make yourself miserable.
“: Favorite? "On Persephone's Island: A Sicilian Journal, Mary Taylor Simetti." I've reread many times.”Great one!
It's high time this school stuff went away and never came back.
u are the best
Early morning memorization requires extra caffeine.
If you still "rock" a faux-hawk, then LOLOLOLOLOL.
Kurt Busch spins after getting tapped by Brad Keselowski
Congrats on your walk off blast to win the game yesterday
Goodnight Twitter(:
A new week is coming...what are we going to make of it?
aw! :) well that's a good thing lol
But that's how it is and always will be. I'll never get what I want, just shit.
Awe Justins last tweet ;)
The Breax concert at House of Blues.
Hey everyone! My website is now up in running!! Come check it out at aaronmilbourn.com and leave me a comment :)
I'm now addicted to all the auction/storage/hoarding tv shows - just add them to the list.
GUESS WHAT'S MY 11:11 wishes or today?
On a mission mofos!!
scored a trade and dropped robertson.
Very close, about five minutes from my place.
Cults tonight at Slim's... so spoiled for good shows lately!
“: that "Like Heaven" go super hard!” appreciate it!!
Need something to eat
I want to book but I don't know how to
children expect moral authority from their parentsl. Parents should be strong and confident
I hate that I can't tell oomf how I really feel
#Mets are all wearing Gary Carter's No. 8 jersey for warm-ups. Very nice gesture by the club.
Congratulations! You just won a Family 4 Pack to our #readeveryday Family event! Please direct message us for more information!
I get that all the time.
You guys ever heard of iCloud? Set it to back up every night and never have to worry about that happening again.
Definitely saving this one for later!
lazy as fuck
He said love you <3
I think everyone ought to get affluent and popular and do all that they ever imagined so they may notice that it is not the answer.
For Garrison, I think the average age of downtown MKE went from whatever it normally is to exactly 64.
What's in the water in Darien, IL? There are more prospective High School composers for our workshop there than any other town in Illinois!
Please join me on BranchOut
hahaha love this
oh so i AM following you
If you are in Pittsburgh there are countless closer places to get this beer than House of 1000 Beers (although I love the place)
hum nope I don't know anyways because I have a blackberry and you have iphone(its says via iphone).
Tebow magic had a nice run but it's gonna all end next week.
Dolphins staring at pass rusher shortage in day 2 of NFL draft
I didnt say you were. But because I cant know what its like to be black, I can't be sure that you dont
Two tears in a bucket mother fuck it
Had to stop my car for a man in the middle of the street on a unicycle, so he could pick up a pin he was juggling with.
And some people would kill they self 4 the attention
I'm a wienie.
Well there is no Indiana-UK game next year....who would you like to see to replace?
Bud Selig is retiring in 2012, moving to Madison to write his memoirs at the UW campus. Consider this an open invitation for happy hour Bud
It would be cool if she ran a Newt Gingrich campaign - just show up lightly-prepared with no staff and opinionate celebritastically
I don't care anymore
Time is flying by! Before we know it we will have free Original Glazed doughnuts for everyone! Celebrate our big day starting at midnight.
So, thinks I subtweet a lot lol I beg to differ 😜
People's elbow!!!
How come when someone is droppin' the mother of all dueces, I can't seem to get out of the stall fast enough?
Yeah. Uh huh. You know what it is.
Cain: China WANTS nuclear weapons; station US forces instigate Iran conflict; electrify southern border (an ally). Great foriegn policy-NOT!
Russell County over Cumberland County in the 16th District 1st Round
When I see WWDC, first thing that comes to mind is DC101 radio station instead of Apple developers conference.
Props to the young women of for understanding basic points that eluded most of the women in my college womens studies seminar.
Fathers can give their sons an inheritance of houses and wealth, but only the LORD can give an understanding wife. (Proverbs 19:14 NLT)
Happy International Museum Day, everyone! Go hug a curator or docent.
damn I don't even have to watch anymore NCAA or NBA games anymore. I just have to look at tweets
Gm, how you been?
don't forget to follow me...
Mr.Deeds amazing funny .oboe
Ricky Seals-Jones has arrived and is in the coach's office making his commitment call. Should expect announcement soon.
CARMA.! And bet I still git into college
May in Indiana!
Louisville to Atlanta to New Orleans will be a fun trip for sure.
First order w/ Totsy = not impressed! Hoping they can fix it, but we'll see.
awesome tribute!
i feel like i dont tweet my own things often enough. normally just RT other cool stuff. ill be better. promise. its my october resolution.
Watching grease with my babes! and #twitterless Hailey Rose and Rebecca Hendricks(:
Ambang in the ring - looking extra trim for this lt hvy bout! - ms
You're always one choice away from changing your life.
Monte got me fucked up!
Off to camera store for a tuneup. Friend loaning me an F2.0L 22-50. Might get a spare battery though... Hero2 in "trial mode" on dash too
Productive day of cleaning and laundry. Finally finishing up
If the #Penguins had scored on that 2-man adv, would both Bruins have come out of the box or just one?
Remember to eat at least one cup of alkaline-forming vegetables each day. Stay alkaline!
following britney spears ... Bitch you the black monkey on the side hoe!!! Teamkim leggo!!
When people don't text you back 👎
love helping people get their business ideas off the ground!
stop playing 2k all night
Loving Dr. Cary Cordova's presentation on Children's Book Press and its work on getting Latino voices in children's literature
RT : Fill in the blank: This weekend I am going to bake cupcakes and watch season 2 of Sherlock.
Me too. I'm about to deal with more than 40 and 41. HA.
it's a little late 4 that.. I dropped it getting a cookie at Publix
All sports are hard when you sit on the couch everyday watching tv like me.
haha...politics with an American Idol spin could be interesting...
If someone has the Lord of the Rings movies and would let me watch them, I would pay you cash dollars or alternatively cook you dinner.
how you say broke in spanish?
I bet you do lol
#DATA act would establish a new independent commission to lead government's efforts on federal spending transparency and accountability
Kick'n it at audition!
This twitter, is your tweet of the day via "When parents become dictators. #bitchplease #im18"
#Sorry to hear that!!!!!!!!!!!! My condolences
The NBA nixed a fair trade (fair because Paul is leaving after this season) involving three teams because owners bitched about it.
We're an awesome tee shirt empire. Don't let the "tees" part fool you.
Springsteen giving props to Woody and Elvis!!!
I'm not hip to these laughing acronyms...I can understand "lol," but "rolling on the floor with pants undone" is excessive
finally home from Ikea and ready to redecorate the design studio!!
So Alabama should always host Boise State, no matter what? "Public interest" is about keeping children safe.
Just got done with a meeting at Apple's Fashion Island Store's brand new Briefing Room with I wish I had pics of the view.
And also almost every way in which they currently structure social society for only their extremely selfish type.
you must have dumped a couple of 'Katie Courics' before the weigh-in!
In Cgo with colleagues to strengthen public schools. RT Don Shalvey lauding Districts and charters working together.
ignor my last tweet i found a new pic 8D way better than the last one 8D
At FedEx forum for a must win game. Hopefully the grizzlies can kick some butt!
I hope Everybody SHows up tonight and bring it back to Denver for game 6...
I don't care what anybody says, I will forever love Hannah Montana. Thats's my childhood.
RT was swarmed by a killer wasp with multiple stings she touched her genitals & wiped it on the stings it never inflamed
I don't understand how someone's head can be that nappy that even if it's BRUSHED it still looks like a rice field .... -_-
Follow me on twitter---- kelmarie14. :)
Making progress on my website! Hopefully, it will be up and running within a few weeks.
Stay tuned for live feeds from tonight's debate.
The Ragin' 2 is waitin' for you! Go to okcpartybus.com to learn more.
I want some in and out O: <333
found anyone to handle the design work you were talking about, you killed the Pitch by the way enjoyed watching it
‘11 #NFL Draft will be heavily marketed by brands as it might be a while before they can leverage the NFL. #Under Armour, #Subway underway.
can anyone say...be kind...rewind...ugh
to u too sis!! Love ya bye :)
Awww,got woken up with breakfast in bed...after a long night of work..thanks babe,luv ya :)
its alrite, I though u were on cuz u had add me as friend. I accept ur request tho. Just let me know when u getting on.
but Taylor said it herself in a live interview
Legacy was just added to Amurica Fest 2011 ! We're really excited to play with these guys, make sure you come to the show!
Wishes you a happy, healthy and prosperous New Year.
Say GoodBye d(•_•)b -Chris Brown ^_^
People from the past are creeping their way back into my life.....cool! :)
Did you register and pay or what?
because I'm a psychic. I actually watch that clip like 50 times a day. It's inexplicably awesome. Maybe a little bit hot, too.
Sometimes I dream about us doing nothing, but to me & you it's better than a whole lot of something.
Thanks for recommending Camtasia & Snagit! We really appreciate it!
It's a good day to be alive :)
what's Jared and savannah's YouTube?
Injuries are an Athlete's Kryptonite
I can't go a whole day w/o somebody thinking they know me. I guess I have that familiar face ;)
It's a good thing people can't read minds...or I'd be arrested by now...
this is the last tear I shed for vs!
“:Some people with a rare medical condition known as superior canal dehiscence syndrome' can actually hear their eyeballs move"
Plaza pretty much clear from what I can tell. May have been a few arrests but I didn't see em.
#Coffee & determination will get me through today's work load!!
May 26 Is My Birthday Party , And Ima Do Right .
Being home alone all day today and half of tomorrow makes me happy
I loved watching #feastingonasphalt on
Once again - driving across the US but returning home this time. Or maybe I'm leaving home and just visiting Texas. I get confused.
RT Sarah Palin is a disgrace & an embarrassment to thinking women everywhere. Her inevitable implosion will be spectacular
Teaching Flameworking at The White Butterfly tomorrow morning :)
Had the carnitas #tacos last night Excellent, excellent, excellent! Thanks guys, I'll be back soon!
Maybe you should think about starting a family business?  Or make a website and upload yours since you're a pro now..
Tina perm your fuckin weave!
my dad is so fucking annoying.i can't wait till i move outt.
No. Should I?
that's pretty awesome! It was a great day in sports history.
find me an Australian to marry
Your in fucking high school act like it
Niall kissed me while riding the Ferris Wheel <3
I was just thinking about you loser :)
Lol I used to run a 5:30am boot camp & I hated it. Perhaps that's why. Easier to participate than TEACH class that early!
Music is not take it or leave it. Music is life or death
Please do that.
after you c this, you should tweet me back! wow, it would be amazing knowing that you saw this<3 i love you!
Is there time for a nap before winter comes?
Pitching a tent and camping for the very first time...in 's backyard...fun times
The new video is even better! Thanks for the love RT yeah, tweeted it out a few days ago, good stuff
On a date wit my NEW BOOH!!
Concordia(irvine,ca.) Is playing great basketball. NAIA basketball is GOOD STUFF!
Clint Eastwood for Detroit/Chrysler vs. Robert De Niro for NYC/AmEx in a classy commercial-off. Discuss.
There's more where that came from if nothing is suiting your fancy
sometimes they tweet me back! Sometimes, they hardly recognize my tweets
Love is like a violin. The music may stop now and then, but the strings remain forever. ~ June Bacher via
cool. I was meaning to suggest to class that #m1pdx would be a good place to do some reporting
It will cover chaps 6,7,8,9 from the G/K text and related readings from Moodle, TAP, etc. Tomorrow will be on chap 9
Auf wiedersehen #fbf11. Ready to go home and get to work on the great projects we found this year.
Tweet you later...off to plan some of my 2012 calendar....super amped...
Leaving Huntington Beach
LMAO!!!! You're such a putz! I talk so much cause u don't comprehend things. I feel like I'm talking to a wall! LOLOL!!!! ;)
RT The best feeling comes when you realize that you're perfectly happy without the people you thought you needed the most
Finally #smbmad is here!
That awkward moment when your friend mentions a party you weren't invited to..
great #operationrunway event! Thanks for helping our wounded warriors!
When catching dinner & a #Bucks game at the #Bradley Center consider a relaxing ride to and from in a Step Ahead Services sedan.
baaahahaha. can't wait for the weekend recap.
Feel like I was on autopilot for the last week. Time to refocus with renewed energy, vim & vigor!
master's students in strat comm in des moines (and online); journalism students in iowa city (and elsewhere) online.
dnt think i should do #imagine anymore -anna
Sorry, no I don't support any type of bullying and i'm not going to follow an account with a name like that.
Aw :-( Enjoy sunny SF then Aubrey. It's rare to see the glowing disc in the sky in this city ^_^
Food commodity prices are soaring; lock in your emergency stash with 25 year shelf life food storage! No joke! FASTpreparedness.com
S/o to fb
- well I'll be in the islands soon.. So we could link up. Or over email. Which ever that works and however I can to help I will
Haha! No shhhh-ing at Mango parties!
Given that this was my first, both.
- Test & learn. Immerse. Think in ecosystems. Scale what works. Understand when to monetize. Show you care. Have fun.
Tweeting & driving as well..
Henry & Glenn Forever & Ever #1 by Igloo Tornado, with new comics by Tom Neely, Ed Luce and Benjamin Marra.
It's Drop Everything and Read (D.E.A.R.) Day! What are you reading? My books = Night Circus by Morgenstern & Flint Heart by Paterson
Hell no south lake carol cheated nasty!! Even have proof to show it >:( they payed the referee to cheat
Polyphonic Spree tonight at HoB. Its been ages since I've seen Tim & Co. play SD. Best band EVER to come out of Dallas TX.
hope you don't judge me, cause me and you are not all that different.
Israeli radio reports that soldiers have been injured in #Nakba Day protests. But what about the 80 Palestinians injured? Not a word.
RT : Next #PDPlus call is March 8 w of talking about how TV news is adapting to the web.
I am a king
well played.
What a stunning day in the 'burgh!! I'm going to look out the window and pretend #snow isn't coming anytime soon.
Pizza is on the way :)
I almost said, "it's not enough…" but I suspect, for most straight men, there really isn't an amount that would be enough.
"Can we just call Debbie Gibson?" Oh man, I cracked up & woke my cats o__o
i was just amazed when you just came up and started talking to me at camp. and then took a pic with me
We’re happy to announce that our friends have been awarded a 20% discount on either VIP seating or GA seating for the Green Tie Ball!
Love and do what you like
ur name ring bells? LoL and naw Im good asking bout some lame from Twitter. U talk too much shit on here to be imprtant!
Late to the party homie!
The Official Kentucky Derby pick of Travis Lincoln Coffey is Union Rags.
Went to Conejo Valley Days yesterday. It's a carnival thing. I hadn't been since I was seven!! I'll post some pics. 😉
Unless you're personalizing, I predict you'll speed through in 6 hours. Take snacks-n-caffeine!
just a quick note in,Logie is doing alittle better, still pretty sick,hes resting at my moms while i pack more boxes.
The gps arrival time always turns into the time to beat
I'd rather my boys go up against the caps than the rangers. Just for talent sake.
I told some ppl let's go to bw3's the other day and looked me like I was crazy. Asking why I call it "bw3's"
Come check out Dante @ the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!!
26 more days til my birthday and 32 until my New York trip, Yayyyyyy!
": I'm a fan of saying YOU'RE WELCOME really loudly when people don't say thank you."
Four Necessities to the Ultimate Home Theater System » Articles ...
So far so good. Be sure to get out there and vote! Call or e-mail your neighbors; make sure they get out there too.
The All Night Express congratulate Fire Ant and Solider Ant on beating the Young Bucks last week.
For #lodlam at Smithsonian, only take elevators. Don't take stairs or you will be forever archived!
LA Business Journal Real Estate Quarterly Report. Do you know which 6 law firms have relocated downtown? Pick up this week edition!
Finished my last Science Fair presentation. I really know how to schmooze with the judges.
09/14/2011 - Students Night at Qdoba Mexican Grill Students receive FREE Chips & Queso after 5 p.m. with purchase of an entree
The protesters are pushing for a new tax rule which is supported by the Wall Street-owned Obama administration.
my mother: "you're not fat...just ugly" my brother: "i think she's a little bit of both"
holy crap my back looks so scary in that pic
Yeah, see you there.
Our pleasure RT : Thank you for a fantastically enlightening conversation today. Look forward to learning more
im taking the boys 2 get their hair cut…&& then coming home 2 do mines… then studying
I wish I was this spoiled all the time and not just because I'm graduating
extra sloppy. And weird. It was different.
Thx for the multiple RTs...You are greatly appreciated! Looking forward to your tweets on how to grow a
It's all about the craft...you all are over 1/10 there already!
Danny Granger and Paul George both still scoreless with 2:29 left in half. Pacers still up 7. Heat still wearing their flippy floppies.
Ah, your amazing! Thank you, (:
Hey do we start the softball trash talk now? I have lots of yo mama jokes. And Yo Yo Ma jokes, in case you're into cellos.
File under: Things I loved about #NotreDame RT : Alumni Hall will wake the dead . . . .
Let me rephrase that MOST girls are only about that thing ! That thing being MONEY ' Make'n MOST girls HOES !
I’m Standing Up against poverty today with Pls RT and join me.
No Carr yet pal, you get Orton!!!
I wasn't being mean to you T_T
The supreme happiness in life is the conviction that we are loved. ---- Victor Hugo
hmm. Maybe I'll check them out and see if I can make a dent in MY paycheck.
I feel your pain “: #TypeYourNameWithoutVowels is fucking retarded”
Can Beat All Dem Hoes Ass On Bad Girls CLub
RT I'm looking for a bar in DC that's showing the big game tonight. (Wizards/Cavs game, obviously)
Baby Yorkshire Puddings with creamy smoked trout &amp; horseradish pt - WALA-TV FOX10
“: This Saturday May 12, is Shop With day at Rochester from 2-5pm! Don't forget! It's mothers day!”
You can't let people & negative things hold you back from what you really want to do.
no & you didnt ask me to tinychat, just blake COOL
Wow! Really? That's a new one.
TY for the RTs and favorites...see you Saturday! , , ,
you guys have been playing great last 5 weeks where has that been in the beginning of the season?
Hey thanks for checkin us out!
“: When your hearts in it, doors open for you.”
The girls in my gym class. The girls at school. Your all beautiful. Even if I sound like a
Follow Me #IFollowBack .
Thank you!! :) RT : I love the haircut! You look fabulous!
good morning #STEELERNATION ...thanx to God for this great day to be alive
Site down for maintenance through the weekend. Email with questions.
oh and everytime i tweet people faint so yes i am jesus, looool
Will get a goal tonight and keep his standing as a league leader? If not, who's going to net one for the ?
Thanks so much for the compliment!! Show this tweet to your cashier for 1 Free Burrito on us!
i'm getting my wisdom teeth out today. wish me luck? :)
Dirk, aka Big Baby, needs to quit and join a Broadway acting gig.
I feel you..
get better soon.
All could be an end result. :)
Lls you are a fool
follow back plese?
Bring on some B2ST!
thank you
The #Bulls morale is crushed, they looked defeated Friday night, not surprised they lost today
Lol word I gotta go visit her and shit
Ill be your shot of whiskey
How good do you have to be, to be considered a "good person"?
#UTTV "This will be utilizing our talent, our contributors, no longer reporters but content contributors..." Lynch
I'm wearing flip flops and a sun dress. Whoo hoo
i love how you're always there and you mean so much to me, i DONT regret meeting you not one bit because your're so special.
Going to be a sick night! Can't wait...Heard a lot of good feedback about you.
Just heard scanner traffic indicating both doors of the Capitol increasing to 1 out 1 in ratio.
So tired and I deff don't wanna get up early :/
i wanna give a big shoutout to for the major follow
I'm bangin it out right now bruh
The crowd's getting restless. Lots of little kids in the crowd, at 8 pm still nothing on school closures "Talk about closures" = from crowd
just found out how to lease it...ok bruh nevermind...but hit me tho...www.youtube.com/user/maximilleon
what time I it in Florida.
Epic night for ; made delicious apple nut cinnamon rolls & grew two full inches. is "furious". laughed.
hahaha, pals b4 gals.
How's your day going?
Im at a payphone tryin to call home, all of my change I spent on you.
Everything was going great until that stupid dance. I wish I would have went.../':
took you long enough, but because you did I think I owe you a bottle of the finest wines at UNOs ;)
I have tried the #TolietWand system, and I will not go back to the disgusting toliet brush.
Dealers hate people who negotiate on out the door price basis It makes all their number manipulations and hidden fees irrelevant.
U sure know how to ruin movie night-don't u have any quality control over your DVDs...3rd time in 1 month #FAIL! CC:
Think I have to root for the Preds now. Good luck
#FF Great #Seattle Organizations
RT : It would be so cool to eat lunch with u! // Aw, thanks.
Yay!! I have something to look forward to!! haha :)
Also: want to communicate with other writers rather than just sitting back and wishing I knew them.
Yep....including me! ": Minaj just made a lot of people hit mute or change the channel. That was horrible. #Grammys"
you're such a tyrant
Beer drinkers have bigger waistlines than all other drinkers. No, I don’t know why.
HOSPITAL BILL PAID!!!
breakfast tacos!!
Yea Agreed!!! It's a desert over here lol :)
I'm hott!
nothing...the bastard...
Sleep is a symptom of caffeine deprivation. Need to lay off of the caffeine so I can sleep
practice on the weekends and it should feel normal over time
thanks for the shout out. We're thrilled you loved "Red."
text my cell i try texting ya cell lol
Females, what do you think of this? - Social progress can be measured by the social position of the female sex. (Karl Marx) via
OMG hope everything is OK. Will stay tuned to Twitter but let me know if I can do anything.
So many people just say whatever they're thinking immediately and never take a step back and think.. "wait.. I might sound like a moron." 😒
Thanks for the recommendation! Sounds like a winner. Also: We're now following :)
Our pleasure is always available; it is always at our fingertips, just wanting to be claimed.
the surge in follows from Brokers
Cuomo is sweating bullets on my telly. This is def some Florida humidity. My fam in Miami, Coral Springs, + West Palm giving tips on phone.
Need New Dental Marketing Ideas? IDA's New Features Increase Website Lead ... - PR Web (press release)
Amazing ppl tnx for the follows
And the bags!! Why all the bloody bags?? #where's that whiskey?
I feel like doing something bold....hm
I was never a hardcore skater, just have mad respect what people can do on a board since I was a kid. but yeah I try to haha
Hahaa I told the lady at Victoria Secret I like so she went to the back and then One Thing came on :D lol
Hate when i sit down to write a review and i get only 241 words in before i realize i better give it a day and check my purple-ass prose.
That is our justice system and guess we have to take the bad with the good
#TruthIs I'm really a cat. Meow.
Moms said don't laugh at a joke to fast cuz u might be the punchline
Hahaha yow Whole Foods sold me my ramps for $1.99/lb because they'd just shown up and the price wasn't in their system yet.
So, the question becomes whether peace can be obtained through acts of violence?
I'm loving the #MuseumCrush tweets today. Once had a summer fling with the Musee d'Orsay, but my heart is here with the Sac History Museum.
I'm actually hearing SOS right now, so fuck you!
"We out here tryna function"
Yeah, Stephen's great. I've followed his work for years.
First time after 4 straight years that I am not at SXSW. Well, at least I'm not hungover and losing my voice.
Have you ever wondered if has ever creeped on your twitter? :D ♥
We 12 followers away from 800 😏
Thanks, Jesse! Hope you're well these days!
helping my cousin move into her new apartment!(:
Gotta love our vendors during the holiday season. Its a sausage fest in here. Literally. Usingers out the wazoo.
Getting things together for and tonight. Free tastes 7-9.
crazy! The weather over there was a lot better than here but today is gonna be awesome!...still in school so that sucks lol
oooooohhhhhh I see! I thought I knew what I was talking about...lmao!
i know
#FirstRead: Denver cops donate books to stock library at veterans complex
Looking forward to a thoughtful & creative training with our amazing workshop leaders today.
Weird how car commercials always show cars skidding. Good selling point. I'll take the one that careens out of control
Did that really just happen?
Most productive thing we can do is forget about work/problem.
yes thanks! My mother will be happy!
“: #Aries gets irritated by slow decision making.” they know you. Everything FAST!!!!
Does anything wrong. Our relationship sucks because of her. I would take some of the blame if it meant we could have a good relationship but
Ugh!!! I just watched bnw and I am so over tami... She is too old to keep actn like that.. She not a real bitch...
Holy Hot! I'd love to use that shot as part of my AussieBum Friday post....
Well that's it for me night all! Or should I say morning!
VH1's top 100 hard rock songs!
Happy Friday
Irony: for small companies with tiny IT budgets, their data is more secure on public cloud than their private hacker prone systems
Did #OhioState just score a touchdown?
Nice to know. I've heard of it, just haven't tried it.
you know it's bad if you have to travel to England to get better :)
Yeah, that's the one. Good luck with it. Guess you can still get Jesus's tacos.
Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life.
: (*laughs*) wow! see, i think that's positive. yay class on public internet!
cool what tweet? :)
freedom is american for complacency.
i have two jobs now
Genny Bock Now on Tap! Amanda Ashley tonight at 9pm. Open at 4pm Sunday with Ray. Lotta weekend ahead my friends. Share it with us.
what you doin?
Who else missed over christmas break?
Nothing says thank you more than a gift certificate from Spa Me.
And don't get me started on Jack Nicklaus, Arnold Palmer and Lee Trevino
YOU GUYS. My youngest brother is going to be on America's Funniest Home Videos on Sunday! Watch for "Muskrat Attack"
Dear not to call me classy, Keepn it real! #330 ;)
Thank you Pepsi for the Flava Flav cameo..now my daughter walks around the house yelling "Yea Boy!"
my cat just threatened to take my eyeballs out in my sleep and replace them with barf. #emptythreats,
Getting #joedubnarwasted with Let's get #joedubnarwasted trending.
I am enough of a cricket purist to question the existence of such a thing as 'good IPL'.
Thanks for the retweet!
haven't heard from u in a min... U ok?
today has been a progressive makeup day. finally wearing a complete face.
I want some janoskis
Come in and request a taste of our new Bison Chewies made right here in Texas! K-9 or human!
Food For Thought: Even if u r on the right track, u will get run over if u just sit there.
this is great. it's not that the monocle doesn't work, but the more tricks, the better. ps nice use of the word 'sphere'
yeah I already Kno it's gonna be something special, Rock out. I like that spot it's a cool locale.
Looks like today is gonna e a long day. Hopefully get 2 make it in time for #bootcamp this evening.
How about Congress making corporate america fiscally responsible and fighting terrorism where it lurks!! Just because BHO wants to hide his
his dad was exaggerating tthe little kid just wanted to play, I saw him he has a cast on his leg but he's fine
that moment when you meet a cool girl at a bar and she texts you the next day and your phone STOPS WORKING. understands.
Nothing in life is to be dreaded. It is simply to be perceived.
Me and have arachnophobia.......
YUP!! And this from the father of a MH & ZA child. LOL!!
Happy Saint Patrick's Day!!
neither am I.
Uhm , girl get yo boyfriend before he be wearing a toe tag !
Must be something in the water.
following back 😉
Excited to deliver new MiniBük titles at #NSA11 #influence11 for
the beach?? Wahh I'm jealous
Follow My Page.. I want more followers!! Thats Miss Alexis Todd.. your pageant superstar!!!
what's up what is ur direct website for you clothes line?
Does everyone have a pathology? And if so, does it mean we have to forgive their actions?
My girlfriend gets clearance to the air force base but not me? That's fucking gay. This is why I hate the military.
I am UNfollowing you due to UNFAIR treatment of your employees.
Miss you too! I often stay off Gchat because it eats away at my productivity. But I'll log on once in a while so we can chat!
Top 30 options for holds - ESPN
Uggh my computer decided to freak out while I was watching Dylan on Blog, and I had to shut it off):
can we climb mt everest??
here's to the MB fans who can tell how recent a picture is , by the color of Prod's mohawk [;
I can't go anywhere for more than a few hours without having to plug in everything.
or this date is just that bad. Rather be with a zombie right now
Finishing photos from an awesome shoot last week with the beautiful ANGELA SIMMONS for the cover of GHUBAR Magazine!
Watching the movie Zodiac.
Kukoc was the man. Also, did you know Fred Hoiberg is the head coach at Iowa State now?
Heading over to friends to buy crack.
Sometimes I wonder if I really want to go to school to be a nurse..
Today feels like a Monday. Ugh!
Pack your bags! 3 weeks left to enjoy the Pebble Beach Spanish Bay special. One night and one round of golf starting at $500.Code: SBSPECIAL
mon-KILL ME tues-hurry up wed-only 2 more days thurs-Almost there fri-YAY! stayin up tonight! sat- sleep all day sun-make the most of it :(
if anyone in F'burg has cardboard milk cartons (the 1/2 gallon size), I still need some!! Let me know!
If Lee wins. I will start a riot. El Paso will burn to the ground. You've been warned!
is on comedy central :D
I hope Ur lying
Don't make excuses if you do conquer and make yourself stronger than does excuses.
hell yeah! And they can't win or lose without talkin shit!
I was told to!!
"If you wanna study 4 million yr old skulls & think you're doing science, go for it." - Guy "proving" Obama is Osama because of their hands.
Join recruithighschool.com for free post highlight tapes and photos make your player profile today
Good afternoon, everyone! Hope you have a good one!
I just FOUND a pen and 2 paperclips in my hair.
Really?I think you ought to make your point better next time. Am going back to sleep now.
I'm trying to get fucked up tomorrow and Saturday.
It's sad today listening to the Ford Workers who will no longer work at the St. Paul ford plant. There are tears. Watch KSTP-TV now.
Missing you at Taste WA!
It is great to be in Dallas for #WFFConf12! Thank you #WFFHQ and all of the volunteers for this amazing conference!
Totally agree!
because you have a life up here !
yea i work
That makes sense as one reason.
ha! We are going to become tweet experts
Fletch Lives tonight.
Burnt marshmallows are the bomb
She looks PHENOMENAL tonight. Absolutely gorgeous. Out shining all the "stars".
It's a no refusal weekend in DFW so I will be under the influence in bed!!!
“: Sounds like the Twitterverse is starting to sway toward an OSU-LSU matchup.” too bad Twitterverse doesn't have a say.
trying to sign up for your service, but it won't process via our app. Suggestions? Is this your way of letting me down easy?
Though I agree with you regarding Goose, wasn't the Packers a top 5 defense last year?
swear on dahvie vanity i just may die XD
We need your help, desperately.Parents have been used by Corrupt Family law system in US.due to ex's w/wealth.System favors $$.
we're at chuck's. hittin the bed early so I don't feel like ass in the morning. I'm ready to ride with ya, G G G UNIT FRIDAY!!
The moon was just about at eye level and articulating with her godly orange glow. We watched in silence...
Trop 50 may make Jane Krakowski skinny, but it's got an unpleasant aftertaste. I'll take real oj, please.
valley view rec center(: GO ON MY FB AND LOOK AT MY ALBUM.
having a week lik this one requires my weekend to start since today! #preparate @
thank you<3 (: RT- “: Sweet person ”
oh yeah lol .... he's still cute ^^
NW Fair;y Oddparents.... Im such a big child lol
i love love your twitter handle!
Well said. RT : Golf itself is perfect, its a game that can't be perfected. Point being, enjoy each shot.
Rode the bike to school today... mostly because the truck's battery was dead.
When I went to community service today. This crazy weird lady was doing a " Blessing " to this kid. You just had to see it to believe it.
does anybody know how to make a mustache BG? if you do please tweet me, lol. (:
sorry bro had to work!
tell tell tell!
New Pictures!
Ok... And then at work I was so busy running around I didn't take a break now my legs hurt and back... getting old
Freakin out D: i need to talk to someone but he wont text back and its important ! ! :/
Thank you!
I can't fkn sleep for the life of me! I have a feeling this is going to piss my day off. Urg! C'est la vie!...
#Follow these nice people!
😢 are you libin it tonight?
#bandsthatimiss Fall out boy Sum 41 Click 5 Metro station Friday night boys
Congrats to the guys behind The Weatherman for raising the money on Mobcaster to make the show!
We've be practicing the art for 20 years, no less.
Ha! ..this one definitely beats Heidi in terms of PG rated'ness.
stop hatin on me
Keyra :) and u?
Freshly ground and brewed coffee, maple bacon and french toast. 2012 looks like a good year starting off.
#NCAA squares is the greatest thing ever. Doesn't matters who wins and each game pays.
Okay, right after the morning show. Glad you're enjoying home.
"...looking back regretting the moments we didn't speak up. When we didn't say 'iloveyou', when we should've said 'I'mSorry'..."
as a bostonian would say.... I'm wicked high kid
hey john, some of us will definitely see you there!
those fuckers are weird! are you there?
RT CEO of La Fancy Kay speaking her story as a black woman in Africa, creating a business & growing it
The video of a child being born was disgusting omfg.
is that true that its Friday somewhere? Can we make a Friday stasis machine?
Gold Party tonight at Uncle Mick's. Bring unwanted jewelry -make money! Also, line dance lessons, DinaB and live music from Swamp Fever!
Poor baby
~U Say U Over Me,But Alwayz End Up Under Me..!*
Usual lol :P
How big of a role does cerberus play?
Tf ? Ian gone be able to do it . I swea !
Damn just left me hanging though. Whatever. I'll do my.own hair tomorrow.
Ha! Thanks man. :)
I needed that!
is one dedicated guy!! Anyone that can help him out and donate please do! All u zombie fans out there check him out! Peace
We try :) And we're looking forward to the show, too! It's going to be insane.
leave Indy !!!! Ur not a true. Colts owner think about the colts fans here in indianapolis and around how we feel
Cynic! It's lllluuuuuuuuurrrrrvvvveeee.
Hey tweet world!
The movies I really want to see Contagion, 11/11/11, and Dream House. And all of them look really creepy. #desperate (:
I'm watching the sun rise over the Cascade Mountains - what a great way to start the day. May even see Mt. Ranier if the rain holds off.
The only show I watch lately: Dr. G: Medical Examiner
yes! I love it! Billy is so cute!
I got tired of the cold its hots turn to piss me off too:/
#punishment Metta should've been out while Harden's out THEN start the suspension period. Do the crime...
Mom: Your only Austin's fan because hes cute me: Yeah mom thats exactly why i'm a mahomie... -_-
Finished #RescueMeFx definitely the best show I have ever watched. Kinda gutted tho nothing to watch now
Im good no sweat RT don't feed into that cuz you bigger than that but if its bout that action you already know
We're looking for a space for a panel discussion, preferably with projector, seating, etc. Is that something you have available?
Puppy in Washington Square Park is just too cute.
Knowing that there is power in woman's testimony and using that reach others
Great show ladies well done...
Hell no this kid did not just say beats are the best headphones
Yessir! Looking forward to teaching these youngins a little somethin somethin Thanks for the RT.
I need a hug and french fries
Bail money?
There's no Ts!
temple run on android market
I'm hungry af.
