#fridayreads Exit Music by Ian Rankin
That was my solution too!
Ladies & Gents it is time to get #creative! What creative things are you up to? I am writing, shooting video,takin pictures ++ lots more
Getting hooked in the arm< 😖
hope the dogs are okiday :)
Ugh Im so cold and sleepy -____-
never too early! Get on the sauce - you are on holiday!
Bahahaha!! U and me both. You want to go out tonight. RT : n I alwaus finish it
yea yea
hadn't even thought about that... Been so long since I'd been on myspace, but you're right!
haha I know!&my guidance counselor told me that I should go to Bridgewater for at least 1year & switch to Stonehill b/c of the $
duhh. Can we hang this week pls I need some Sofia in my life
Thanks for the 5 star review
and are both pushing the Countdown video today. I wonder what else they have in common.
do i no this friend?
My NEW Web site is almost done. Fired my Web developer (ripped me off for many $$$), started over, looking good. No more tears!
I have some opinions but 5 ppl sounds like a disposing of a body....but I really don't know. I'm not a professional.
good kind of bored u I am just listeing to olly murs
RIP RT : Seeing double everything
Sitting in an empty computer lab watching Ben-Hur. 3 1/2 more hours of "work" remaining.
Thanks and welcome to all my new followers! Been super busy with a huge project..more tweets coming soon - promise!
Crap... Just pulled up to the church pre-school & "Fight for your Right to Party" came on the radio - Yeah bitches go ahead & stare
i love you thank you for doing this (:
man, I love those kanye and puffy albums. Takes me back! :)
:) MT : Fav quote from a guy in SF: "See, this is why I love WI girls. You get into bar fights about your NFL team."
wow. that's a great question.
Why can't pizza I eat during the week taste as good as when I eat it on a Friday?
Lamb could be lead scorer next year. Even if the team is worse, his stock could rise. Probably can't say that about Jones.
It's fiction. "A mesmerizing saga of 1 ordinary Am family whose story captures the turbulent history of the country at large."
check out Kelly's Korner if you're near El Dorado.
It has been too long. Let me know when life settles down for you a lil and then we can make some time, maybe next week.
Hello everyone! Changes to our website will be happening soon! Fliers and invitations follow shortly after that!
Wishing everyone the very best in 2012!
We retweet and it appears on our website. Follow us and get retweeted!
dude I just bought that last Wednesday too. That's all I'm going to say about it.
#WeLoveLeo <3 come on guys, RT if you're a true Leo fan!!!
Happy weekend to you too!!!
Go to Omaha to take care of dad who had a minor heart procedure... And we both get the flu.
you said you would #<3
I wonder if Ceelo Green can do a kart wheel?
Great day, time to hit the road to SD!!!! Chargers are going to get back on track at home.
Long ass day.
The event is for anyone who is involved in product design and cares about the user experience. designers. developers. managers...
im in love.
Finished the grading. Before the deadline, even. *whew*
good morning Ariana! I'm so excited for your live chat only 30 mins left. Would you rap for us? :D
Not showing for 2 days
Wonder what games will be announced at this years E3. Never early to start speculating.
Met John Sayles during his movie Amigo screening at the NY Asian festival. Cool.
Off to try the new in Frederick!
Man, I just LOVE reading about huckleberry finn and his southern adventures.yeeehaw. -_-
True story : from facebook "yes Betty White in the Voice commercial upstaged Madonna"
HTC Edge Could Be the World’s First Quad-Core Smartphone
Clutch is amazing. If you want some country, hillbilly type metal, try Buck Satan and the 666 shooters.
Under what license will Nvidia "open" its source code to developers? What owner rights will they have to new/derivative work?
uh huh xD
Once you tell people there can be good money in dolls, it usually shuts them up.
Research funded using taxpayer dollars... the public has a right to see the results. ~ at Brookings. via
You are absolutely fantastic. I think I love you more than Liam, you should leave him for me! <3 hahaha
I think we will only know the extent of the problem when the next government get in
I have too much on my mind for on week :/
:( Fine, be that way! Some wwrcahwowhwa you are!
It is the inner bond that draws one person to another, not words. ~Rumi
I would love to :) first "free from show choir" weekend I get, I'll text you!
she's amazing!
you better, miss you!
RIP Junior Seau. What a tragedy!
Loving LIFE YOU SHOULD TOO !
NSR's choice to respond to criticism she deems vitriolic rather than those that seriously challenge her argument speaks volumes.
Watching a movie called The Executioner. Sonny Chiba is kickin ass!
Whatever happened to independent #curiosity? Or the desire to #doyourbest? What is up with this latest generation?
The play =
Hope my LadyAer bestie has amazing Lady A dreams tonight! <3
I know how you feel. My lil sis is going to her senior prom which is what I was doing 11 years ago.
Can't wait for Keeneland today! Blessed life.
Seriously, who cares about Klout? Seems Belgium is going crazy over it...
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! Don't forget about our Black Friday specials! It's on!
Last Day of our first every Secret Sale! Could it be free shipping or 20% off? Click to reveal your discount! bit.ly/uLmh83
also, nobody is more irrelevant than Chris Berman.
just found one of my new fav's on twitter #detroit187 thanks for the heads up
If I had a dime for every time I've lost my keys, I'd put them in a fund to pay for waterboarding the creators of any "Real Housewives" show
Beauty - Effortlessly compelling
So 's birthday is tomorrow...
i'm just sayin'... rick easton is a man who appreciates ladies.
Are you planning to attend #MW2012? Currently working on something new and it would be great to get feedback.
didn't know about flickr stream will do now!
Do not overwork to be rich. ~Proverbs 23:4 The best things in life are eternal riches that come from God.
I am jealous if your snow. It has been 45-50 (7-10 C) the past few days in Milwaukee. No snow just rain.
I heard the same thing. Thought it was my ancient ears.
Please come see the advanced theatre showcase tomorrow night at 7:00 PM in the LGI! It's free! :) we've worked hard!
I'm great. Enjoy your day:-)
Attention world: is at Drink it or else. (angry shaking fist) and are rejoicing.
"When the people find they can vote themselves money, that will herald the end of the republic."
Remember how much I told you ilove sunsets? And you promised we'd watch one together? I'm watching one now, and I'm hlding you to thatprmise
aww why is that text me -.-
I like both interpretations anyway. I have a black sense of humor. Thanks for the well-wishes. I know you love tough old dogs too.
dude, what's your DS handle? this is the only thing keeping me sane as I drive across Montana/Wyoming
So inspired by the stories of love and commitment from the Still Standing couples. is doing powerful work.
Tonight I moved beer, wine, and champagne into my new place. Priorities first.
Boy, you sure had ME fooled, cell-phone tower disguised as a pretend-tree apparently designed by Dr. Suess on acid...
“: That was the weirdest send-home I've ever seen. Something else must have happened. #bachelor” the chick was typical LA
sick in bed! Waaaahhhhh
"You jump I jump. Remember?" - Titanic
I'm so excited & I just can't hide I'm about to lose control and I think I like it GO #Brewers !!!
Hi Melissa, enjoyed reading your blog:) It seems #glutenfree is the talk right now, do you think the show will help or hurt?
I want to meet you
I want to go! RT Saturday, July 21st – The White Affair – The Isley Brothers featuring Ron Isley aka Mr. Biggs and Bobby Womack
Nothing Impresses me anymore..
Agree!RT : thats easy....Bemos bar and the Bell bar in Bay City, Whites bar in Saginaw, the Machine Shop in Flint!!
your welcome! <3
Absence of a labor movement is one of the driving forces of inequality in the United States - Vincent Mosco
We just caught someone trying to break in into our rabbit hole .. again! 😭
of what? Lol
*cough cough* Wiz
": so I would like to be fucked really hard #justsaying #sexualfrustration"
#SOTU #POTUS DECLARES WAR ON BANKS!
I seen a pic on Facebook where ur hair was blonde
For this week's farmers market post I'm taking your questions. Use #askal and send me your market/ingredient/cooking Qs!
Thank you for the RT!
At the day party sponsored by Bacardi. Shouts to
Troll them back with knowledge.
If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in five years there will be a shortage of sand....
don't try to make us jealous. You are missing the party of the year, there's no way around it.
hey can you just hold me for a minute because i cant breathe
#LastTimeIChecked a YouTube star who's not signed w/ 2 songs, 600+ Mahomies & does concerts all over the world is talented.
so where u from?lol
It doesn't even cut it in Freshman Comp.
Believe half what you see non of what you heard
What a pretty day outside! Doors are open in the office today!
Hi Nicole
I bought all that I could find! Going up in price quickly!
:D We are so excited! Those guys are so awesome! Can't wait to tour with them in the summer :)
Tonight is a thrilling showdown of WWE: Raw at the Yakima Valley Sundome Yakima, WA. Wrestling maniacs can call us for tickets: 888-493-0004
Chris refusing to get off the stage on his birthday in Philly a few years ago. He drank so much Jäger.
Faith and prayer are the vitamins of the soul; man cannot live in health without them. -Mahalia Jackson
People, what ever happened to hakuna matata
why can't you find a dress?
I can't wait until the fall...Heat and Humidity blow!
"Cage" RT : How would you describe that style? Chain link chic?
I love that feature. Especially when I meet someone in class on the first day and I forget his or her name.
He meant more books, particularly books that were carefully edited
Interesting - using base HIT products first, then will use CPOE last
i love you LUCIO!
thanks dear!
Looking forward to the Gender and Women's Studies Banquet tonight! Congrats to all the graduating students!
How do people like fun but not the format? It's pretty much the same thing but format had some better songs...
The only way to "find out if it will work out" is to do it.
Fighting sleep. I can't sleep. Too much going on.. Grandma please be okay.
Hookah lounge tell 1 then smoke then bed oh and eat
I'd love to catch up. coffee this weds/thurs? Or maybe next thurs/fri--or mebbe u'll be at 26th event??? LMK
well that fact & more is in the book - 200+ historical photos resulting from about 3 yrs of research - AND Lincoln's new note
I'm a VERY jealous bestfriend.
I am on entirely too many email distro lists. Desperately need to do an inbox spring cleaning.
yes you do caleb
": Women That reject your compliments to put their self down <<" I hate that shit!
": Yeah cool. Have fun riding Mb's dicks. Bye." I WILL ENJOY IT !
Welcome Jen.
You plan ahead so well :-)
ya you'd think it was Sunday
"The earth is what we all have in common." ~Wendell Berry Author, farmer, cultural critic
Really hoping the reports that Junior Seau is dead aren't true.
Gluten free restaurants are terrible and sparse north of the river
Finished talk, was feeling kind of awful, then read email. Mental response: E! cc:
Fina go get My Hair did
S/O to it was nice meeting you guys last night and you guys have great music
Same here fam. A month left doee!
A few things bother me about this #osama #obl thing. 1) I thought celebrating death was what *they* do. 2) ...
20 point blow out
I would just stop at Don't let people piss on your leg. I mean, unless your into that...I'm not judging.
Great! Checking to see if it's too early to set my DVR. Can't wait! Also, Abbey is obsessed with the videos on your site.
im hungry
We're making a list of all the sites a business operating in the Dallas Metro area can be recommended or listed. Have any suggestions? Thanx
guys my yahoo account got hacked this morning and they wiped out everything. contact you in a day with new info
Someone just said, "nopity-nope-nope."
ideawf.com great info website. Go crane/west
why are you so handsome? :)
we'll see haha but probably though, it's super busy on Saturday and it also depends on what manager is there
so u have a bf??
...why? I HAVE A CRUSH, on you <33333
house we stayed in was in Vista, so a little north of SD. I'd love to go back. Sister is right by Venice / Santa Monica now
"If shes amazing, she wont be easy. If shes easy, she wont be amazing. If shes worth it, u wont give up. If u give up, u're not worthy"
getting ready to launch
Think about it, though. Are you going to want to go outside and run or play ball if you'll be harassed by police? No.
Doing what I do Best...Praying For Victory
no it in muh belly
Get some pizza and TGIF it up for realz.
Humm...that may work lady. Ill text u.
make sure you bring a lot because, you know, loser pays
gimme a shout if you wanna grab a beer. says it helps you adjust to the altitude.
Honest Tea Time Square Recycling - goal is to crowd-source recycle 45,000 plastic, glass, aluminum beverage containers in 10 hrs on 4/30
Hey now! I'm a completely sensible employer. I know priorities. And offer free whiskey.
i covered that song for stevie when it came out, that was my first video :')
Follow asap! !!!! follow follow follow common!
Haha. Yea. That's why after a few weeks I deleted my get glue app. Nobody needs to know everything I watch. It's just silly
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
In mini meetings all over the city...dropped my sausage chain somewhere on 14th st NW...wups...s
im just warning you /:
The CS Survey identifies your #communicatingstyles under normal and #stress conditions and will pinpoint your dominant back-up styles
we miss you! Feel better!
End of 1st: #Blazers trail #Warriors 27-26 at the Rose Garden.
just spent $25 on ingredients for choc chip cookies. f*ck you mollie stone's for being so ridiculously pricey and convenient.
move here D;
Quote: "We can draw lessons from the past, but we cannot live in it." Lyndon Johnson
-ctfu, fake bitch..
Listening to the SFMOMA audio in French - and understanding better than half of it
I want to learn how to tweet? Do you always have to read it backward on the screen?
Thx. We extended #CouncilDistrictsMaps mtgs into next week. In respect for President Pugh's brother, tmrw's mtg postponed.
okay but only because you're asking nicely... Wait...
will u go steady with me
Football, chili, pumpkin cookies, and fall beers. Great evening with my men.
I wonder what Hologram Tupac is up to...
can't wait to see that one go live :) yay!
It comes on Fridays @ 9 on the CW. It's in it's 6 season & they say that Alona might be returning this season we gotta see. :)
Ok my baby 3mths & she b tryna hold her bottle already!!
Note to self: I need to buy Bailey's for the coffee this weekend.
"Is he giving us a garbage bag?"
I'm hungry as a mf..
Hi Natalie thanks for the follow :) xoxo
On citing tweets, there needs to be a better archiving system. Working on this for
good morning Howie. Hope everything goes good with nothing today!!
i'm a teenager. i text at the speed of light, listen to my music too loud, roll my eyes, fall in love easily & get my heart broken.
I'm such genius I forgot which degree each of eyes are. Is my left eye 175 or 150 degrees? :/.
I don't think so
Is Toronto a worldclass sports city? See how many times Toronto is listed as place where real world records were set. That's your answer.
is there a delay when a post goes up and then twitter notification? I'm having old posts just now show up on my twitter feed
Thanks! ;-) RT : We love our past, present, and future marketing interns! , &
RT : Is the 1st team/idea to get on Twitter? Awesome!
Thanks for the retweet!!
thanks for the follow, let me know if there is anything I can assist you with.
": I wish Pantsing my fellow coworkers was acceptable in the workplace." Dont we all
I really hope she gets rid of Bentley. What a waste. #Bachelorette .
that's always good
penciling it in for weds!
Ugly Betty. America Fererra did it better.
no kidding, you would think he would know by now.
Happy World Book Day, friends feathered or otherwise!
That awkward moment when you get a notification that your supervisor has a voxer and tango account
If I fell in love with a girl on twitter it wouldn't even be the dumbest thing I've done TODAY!
Joe Johnson complains about touches and he passes on a wide-open layup?
Y r we so resistant 2 the truth? B cuz we can't believe profits comes B4 our health? Who has more 2 lose? Dr Oz? NOT!
i havent said anything bad about your lady parts
Nigga them the munchies!
People were shocked for a second it sounded like Megatron said the Lions pick Ryan Leaf!
I live in the U.S. and the day they came to VA, I left for Pakistan :'( haha x
Better than my no-run croissanwich...
thanks for following. Looking forward to learning more about you & reading your tweets!
what are you up to?
Happy B-day James Maslow! <3
greatest WWF score ever: 515 and counting.
editing a new music video! get exciiiiiteeeeed!!
Lol! Same here! You probably dont want to no what mine are about ;D
I got stronger. :P
Social media is about creating a more personal relationship with your customers to build a network about your product.
six weeks and counting <3
"half of todays national debt was run up in just the past six years." I love how republicans pretend they are fiscally conservative
If today is any indicator of my pain level this week I am in trouble. I may need to give books on tape a far more serious thought.
not charmed by failure or failure's cliches
that looks like a bottle of River Cafe Selvapiana Olive oil, he has good taste!
Home sweet home :)
I know a man who gave up smoking, drinking, sex, and rich food. He was healthy right up to the time he killed himself. -Johnny Carson
I think I'm in desperate need of a haircut!
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music? 15
Y'all. You won't even believe the vintage wedding dress we have our model on for Friday's shoot. It is drop dead gorgeous! Can't wait!
#BAYMAM So glad to be on another call with Marley!!!
Oh Hamburgers!! :( cannot wait to feel better- I finally stopped coughing!
what up guys Im going to my formal today dont worry you will see me in my awesome suit
The show is cracking me UP right now!!!. He has the most fantastic sense of humor! Such a contagious laugh.
Reading is for suckers! TextEdit is becoming one of my favorite applications because of its speech feature.
At times like this, I drink. At times like that, same deal...
performing at The Avalon in Santa Clara Thursday March 22nd with and Get STOKED!
Crap. Nice article on The Grey ending. Woulda been nice to know there was a post-credits tag. I didn't stay til the end.
Two days working outside, shoveling dirt around... I need a nice live soak in a tub of Icy Hot!
fa la la la
Freedom tastes so sweet now haha
Possessing like this on the road, even if we don't get any goals to show for it, is not a bad strategy
I'm a potato not even a good potato more like a deformed one with bumps here and there
Have you voted today! Please text "107350" to 73774 right now to help us win $25,000 in the Pepsi Refresh Grant Competition. RETWEET!
Oh, what up 700 thread count; I think we're gonna be bros.
Wheres Caitlin And How long is brogan saying at your house?
just a little sad! That makes up for it 👍
yeah youre just to good for me (;
It's cheaper 2 stay w/ ya baby mama than pay child support
A FREE screening of CAMILLE 2000 (1969) tonight, and after-party at the Hammer--see you there!
ok ok - can't wait to see more of the nook over here...
any time :)
haha yeah I know! It would be pretty legit
Do your co-workers dislike you as much as the rest of the world? We can help! Show up with Screaming Goat breakfast tacos and feel loved!
I've built bigger ones out of paper.
well sweet dreams
Live your way...always.
You said you were going to bed! :o
No head-banging code? Actually, B.B. King's "Live in Cook County Jail" has really been working for me lately...
quality of relationships affects performance; what would sustainable include in fiscal & social consciousness?
Flare?!? With 5 seconds left. He's an idiot!
To decide, to be at the level of choice, is to take responsibility for your life and to be in control of your life.
tell me when tell me where
That's prime real estate. Thot Joel or Greg wouldda snatched it up to sit by the other leads. Silverman was also gunning for it.
Umm hello - you and mock me too,, Who's gonna take YOU out?
Just sorted through 2,200 photos for a client...going to be a full weekend of editing!
She's got an interesting face...By interesting you mean ugly. HaHahahha
Best friends are people who make your problems their problems, just so you don't have to go through them alone. <3
I feel the love , all my bros are here!!!!
I heart you (thanks !)
oh yea?....I bet you didn't know that your man period could be triggered so easily
look like a Mississippi Sasquatch
Yes Galileo's Dream is my personal favorite among Robinson's oeuvre, then Mars Trilogy close behind
Trying to Skype a ladybug, but can't, as neither of us knows what Skype is.
CB (Completely Bad) Buckner Ump's blow at least 1 call a game it seems vastly
Told ya!
smh you really watch that show
Presumably thinking twice before signing aging, declining starters and players uniquely unsuited to Fenway.
Make money.
But this should work
am I looking awesome?
As of today, I am no longer a hopeless romantic. I am now an aspiring realist.
Nice SUNday in SF!!!
vas happening? Why can all guys be like you guys and respect one direction?
Huntsman: Some regulation is needed.
Frank Stoltze! I almost met you!
Bummer... Wanted to use it! What would you recommend of out-of-box services to achieve similar site?
Please, please don't retreat to the cozy blue states. We need you here in the sticks to keep the fight up. We're close, and we WILL win out.
take Me with you !
Enjoy your Memorial Day Weekend and be safe!
Happy Birthday buddy! Hope you have an AWESOME day! xoxoxo
What a special day for LeBron James. Passed Malone and Nash for most MVPs with zero championships.
lmao, way way way back! I was terrible. You def carried our team haha :)
Long day of working, puppy-sitting, shopping, menu-planning, and family time. SO TEERD, hope I can rally for the dance
the thing is: i don't :*
Bout to fire up Rock Band with and !
I cut ya girl now she ned a bandaid
two classes down, one document created, and various must-do tasks complete... one presentation to go!
Rain is killing my bike life.
LET'S GO HOKIES!
that's my shit
Forecast for Wednesday: Mostly cloudy in the morning. Then becoming partly sunny. A chance of showers in the morning....
so mean to ur hubby x"C
This girl weave had to be made with beef & broccoli.
Is Cody going back to L.A ? :(
the only person ever to be #irate about tulips
you got it
its RATCHET night TONITE @ ICON in DTLA!! YOUNG MONEY TYGA PERFORMIN LIVE!! FOR LIST, BIRTHDAY & BOTTLE SERVICE: RT
"It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen." - John Wooden
you better get on that... i've been doing since Friday and i'm still not done =/
Overwhelmed and very happy. I have a collection of over 3000 diaper to distribute to another service provider. (food bank, church, shelter)
Good morning Monday!
bro text me its important
Very proud of (my daughter). She's using her gifts and talents to touch the lives of kids in Tacoma.
good morning! we're excited to see Lee Rainie this morning!
Justin never comes to Boston u swear -,- it been almost 2 yrs
Texas Rangers lets get it
ah sorry!! thanks for already liking it tho :)
Just got instagram raped by I don't know how to feel about this, but I think I like it ;)
R u kidding me? "Tea Party is the real enemy?" Tea Party reason #Obama #OneTerm president? Dont think so... #Obama is doing that by himself!
did pour you some bubbly ? I Loved it! joined wine club on way out.
Yum! is perfectly refreshing at #lsbeerfest!
Wish you could understand how much I want you, how much I need you, and how much I want to be with you. ❤
Lets tightened up heat protect home court
i love you to bro 😢
love examples of HTML5, especially the geo-located text, on the #niso webinar today
#nowplaying RICK ROSS FEAT. USHER – “TOUCH’N YOU”
FUCK WHORES.. Oh sorry, didn't mean to bash on your kind.
Up early today!!! We are going to help dad clean up the house. YEAH RIGHT!!!
- We'll work on it!! Thanks for the suggestion.
I can't believe it's over 😢 sorta makes me sad
Steve ross yoga!!! Sweat your butt off!
Today is the second worst day of my life. Fuck man. Foreal, fuck you pussy ass nigga
Will Cube World have an early alpha release, or will it be unreleased until a full version?
Both mine and twitter is blocked from JulesTheJoint. please tweet him and ask why?
Wishing Coach Harper the best of luck in taking over as Head Coach of the Men's Basketball team at Western Ky on an Interim basis!
Thank you French designer bud! :-)
Thanks for RT! Have a great weekend!
two down, eleven to go.
softball all day tomorrow...well least i get to relax at the races after:)
more Boys are reading cuz easy to find
I Keep smiling.. because life is such a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about ♥
Bitch always dating my exs!
In his Inauguration speech, President Obama pledged we'd work alongside poor nations “to make farms flourish and let clean waters flow... “
Me? I had lunch before 4pm! Ha! ; )
can't fucking wait to got to our first Wrestlemania next year in the dirty Jersey. Hall of Fame and Mania
okay, you seriously made my night! Happy New Years Eve to you too! :D
Add this to your list of cucumber brita... Charles Cheeses. Think about it.
Or you meet the perfect person who you love infinitely and u even argue well and u grow 2gther and have kids n grow old and then she dies
Looking foward to FAAN's #foodallergy conference in Chicago next month!
I'm a business student with a lot of web-based marketing experience if an opportunity is still available... ginellnarvaiz
About to get a little fishing in off the dock
Phx. Seeking highly motivated, caring people to work w/disabled adults & children in their homes. If interested
Help get Mojo's World to 500 #followers !!!
#Upstream2012 Bullying is not just a school issue. It's a life issue.
check out my new work @ www.michaelcalixtro.com
what do you mean?
How bad is the late start going to screw the #Reds travel plans to Hotlanta?
I am sad about Best Friends Forever. It was a lot of fun and really different than anything else on tv. It's a crying shame.
now i'm doing a month unlimited at nar method in weho :)
We do not live to extenuate the miseries of the past nor to accept as incurable those of the present.
Sniffles, sneezes, and aches oh my!
She don't want a man .
Question: if im a drug mule for a Mexican cartel is that a 1099 or a W-2?
Had to force myself... But I had a good workout at LA Fitness in Broadview, Illinois.
I agree that a Coleman series and back story would be great.
Is our time slot good or did they bury us?
enjoying the calm before the crazy. #decanter about to start. say hi to
Trader Joe's cookie butter and ice cream.
aw... Thanks!!! Hope ur great! Nice to see u!
ahh - that last avatar was 2 yrs old! THIS one was taken by when i played w/ at #poshcavern. ready 4 thurs??
did a lot of X, got all... "ate up" RT : What happened to the Fine Young Cannibals?
i lost a few followers :( can other people follow me i follow back and RT this :)
#Orioles fans have spoken. More hate for Gregg than Swisher.
there's no cap. A "bad" deal is only bad if your owner is a cheapskate. His value is his value. It's not the "deals" fault.
And for that last tweet, I don't care how old she is
god night xo <3 c:
I hope nobody was hurt...
Tootoo in because of suspensions and hasnt been the turnover machine we're used to seeing
Just finished softball game with a bunch of 20 something's...#Ice&PBR
I miss you
thanks for the shout out today :)
. Lol... If it helps I think Jonah was in a Blue Whale. I'll bring some dice tomorrow :)
3. Colors Light
Haha glad to help. How was filming\recording? Also, did i send you the White Lights photos?
You know I fucking hate selfish people I really do
Thanks for recommending us to
lol ya thought it was the bad naughty thing to do hah!
Day 1 of half marathon training begins.... Don't remember it ever being this hot in past years!
Just made me fall in love with the Chick-Fil-A sauce!!
TOTALLY jealous. Can't wait to hear the analysis!!!
at first i thought your hashtag was #twitterproblems and i wondered how you got 650 words to fit into a tweet!
You are terrorists, and when I serve in #Congress, I will get you placed on terror list alongside
absolutely agreed!
Quite surprised by the Union Jack & Brother Thelonious blend @ Yardhouse in Roseville. TASTY!
#Chelsea up in the Fa cup final early. I somehow always watch the best soccer matches in NJ diners.
I'm in my own lane yo
i just might
welp i'm glad I didn't go out tonight. ^-^
Drawing tomorrow 5-8 pm! New studio W. Main St. Come on down
how is that your job? Did you have to go trough the internship program?
Every man is born an original, but sadly, most men die copies.” — Abraham Lincoln
We're glad you spent part of your weekend with us!
wish I could but I'm teaching too. Have fun!!!
Of course Faried gets the board.
Spring cleaning question. Have you ever done a full OS restore and then used migration assistant from time machine drive?
When wiz perform black n yellow today...support & tell em
average age of the lakers: 28.7; average age of the Spurs: 26.9...Spurs haters can't get the facts right #GoSpursGo!
I always blow up my twitter when I'm jamming lmao, enjoy my lyrics I guess
Shoot the damn puck!!
Me too! RT At #dc premier of Transformers: Dark of the Moon.Should be good!
Hankerin' for some candy this morning? Try a Cherry Cordial Mocha, tastes just like the candy!
It wasn't fate that took us off by storm, it was the turn of a chord.
by thursday we would definitely be able to do. Can you dm me the hotel address?
y'all get home in one piece?
Your vagina isn't a White Elephant gift. You can't re-wrap it after it's already been given several times. That's white trash thinking.
Photo of Jobs holding up iPad looks like it was published in The Onion, doesn't it? Small Man Introduces Giant Screen, or something.
will do!
thanks for the tweet love Neil! Happy you like our new app Scrubly
Happy Easter Camryn I hope it rocked!
Being right is not as important as the lesson that you learn when you aren't.
I thought Avila's slip was going to be our Bill Buckner moment.
Happy Birthday brotha!
Thanks John. Really sweet of you to mention the Q&A & sent out the link. I appreciate it! Hope to catch up with you soon.
Like a postcard from Paris, when I've seen the real thing...
": Never fails." Would u rather get some head or some tail?
Holly is such a good sport. Judges are a**holes. I'm voting for her extra tonight because of them!
Smtm I forget 2 say hi, smtm I forget 2 reply, smtm my msg doesn’t reach u, but it doesnt mean I forget u.Im just giving u time to Miss me.
gotta love Long Island earthquakes.
I almost got there. It was a multi-layered situation, though. Turns out I have some discretion when required.
lmfao damn yo , someone keep me away from my phone when im drunk SMH
Double Take 2012 ! Niggahs is on. Step It up.
Rockies infielder Clint Barmes joins The Score at 9:05. Check it out on AM1510...
“: Dear #sxsw and loves #sake bombs” point of clarification ... Jill drinks sake bombs that Tash forces on us
-all people like you are good at is hurting people, starting drama, & lieing. YOUR OBVIOUSLY NO GOOD. SMH.
See what makes social media success worth the effort from the innovators at the nonprofit antipoverty group, Half in Ten...
Thanks, Peter, for the GDrive/Skydrive resource comparison link yesterday.
hahaha I'm sayin! But it's sad to say I'm gonna miss it.. Off to a dance show!
yeah. 2 words: wedding planning.
#HappyMonday to our new friends!
which time are u referring to. I play a lot of poker, and I'm in the middle of terrible run bad. So bad beats are common 4me lol
I might need a good grocery list of what's healthy and stuff soon lol might have to mail it to me LMAO
more love to you. Get better!
Today will mark the second time I've ice skated in my adult life. Is that bad?
June 21st is "Go Skateboarding day" mention this and get $ 20 off all complete skateboards !! June 21st only!!!
The weather forecast for today said 'abundant sunshine' :-D
Oh you mad? I thought that you'd be happy I made it.
now on twitter!
Need to get my priorities straight!
Ginko: Good ingredients, creativity on a roll at this tiny Tremont restaurant - Plain Dealer (blog)
studying some financial accounting.
remember the time you drove all night, just to meet me in the morning?
Find that idea that is burning inside you--something that will get you up in the morning. Then nurture it and let it grow. Simple. Not easy.
Nice! I was a women's soccer player too! So you're a freshman? Think u want to continue playing in college?
RT : Just joined using my discount. I love the Bay Area, green, non-profit services. This is gonna come...
I'm pretty sure moths are trying to take over the world!
Why thank you.
Congrats to Lilly and Desiree as they are now Darlins! You beautiful ladies rock.
Trying to talk my mom into buying me an andriod. If I get 1 I'll have to share it with her -_____- I LOVE HER, I just don't like sharing
it will be great in a day.. Im happy for u, adjustments are the best.
can you believe we leave for London tomorrow?! (:
Hawaii is the most oil-dependent state in the US! Our project can displace oil-fired HELCO units, eliminating 250,000 bbls of oil/year.
thought that was you lol.
2nd'd | RT : "All I want for my birthday is for to win the 2nd Congressional district." -
not to me. "Ace" is more about absolute ability and production than ranking. There probably aren't 10 "aces" in MLB.
"Please allow 5-7 business days for an agent to respond to your Mileage Plan questions." Says to an email query....
congrats to everyone graduating today!
Plea for peace center. Come out Stockton :)
Have you been away from home & wondered if you forgot to arm your security system? Stop worrying with our remote service!...
Never ---> RT : Is it too early to get liquored up???
What is an Asher Roth, exactly.
we're using water cups tonight
It's been a few years now and I still don't know how I feel about Rashida Jones...
yes where are you
isn't that from like 3 years ago?
Come out tonight to 910 live! n rock the stage!
nah hes at the gym i think
it hates me :'( every time I try to connect, it disconnects or says "couldn't connect" and that stuff
": I can't have a big night tonight."
Cutting up my kids food is awesome, now how about convincing my 3 and 5 year old to eat it?
Thanks for following! Just hearing your name is making us hungry!
but you tried!
Less than a month and we hit the studio! #HellYeah #DownWithShittyMusic #UpWithTheJams!
how did neither of you tweet "thank you, you hypocrite"
“: The fact that hasn't started studying either is making me feel a little bit better lol” muahaha
What am I missing?
Going into work and cleaning up after the weekend. It's such a mess and people do not know how to put things back where they go
Just so you know the pet industry is the weirdest industry ever: there's a grooming category called "Feline Fantasy."
Then I did a movie called Company Men, a little comedy about the Bay of Pigs
Snarky, yet carefree
I only kind of meant it
Is headed home. Buy bye black diamonds...I mean green circles.
Fountain Square - from whence I came :). And thank you, I can't wait for some good times!!
Online marketers often boast about their ability to measure
last year whn we'd order the whole menu to feed us & the guys, Mark Eric Johny Richard Jp alex franky you me and Melissa<3
I've never met a Nathan I didn't like.
When the guy you like, falls for another girl... The saddest part is being the best friend and helping him.
Don't worry, I am apparently a retweet offender too.
100+ unread emails made me feel important until I deleted 90+ of them that were newsletters, automated alerts, SPAM and the like
Is anyone else seeing an explosion of spam from direct mail list providers? I'm now averaging about 4 per day! More than Rx from Canada!
#youknowiloveyouwhen you poop your pants, and i don't tell anyone
Yes! RT : a 4 o' clock lunch at lol
OH: "We invest in people, not furniture"
Back from an amazing ski trip to Vermont. Employed, in love, and happy.
did u see Bravo on the stretcher after the game?? Ask Nate about it
Gotta be like Pauly D and Vinny!!(:
I hate daylight savings but I love the longer days
i'm so confused . When i followed you in advisory, it made it to where i get your tweets :o
Thanks for showing Lashman some love.
Thanks! You too.
It was delightful, a perfect contrast to the weather! Had us summer-dreaming. . . Hope you had a good day!
It won't be long
I feel like 50/50 with Maya Rudolph but I LOVE her. She is HILIARIOUS! :)
You should have handed them back to the cashier and said "nevermind" as soon as you heard the total..lol
This pens caps game is goin INN
Drake says that he's going to be less sad on his next album. RIP black Taylor Swift. :'(
#boyfriend is on iTunes yaay goodnight now
Gonna be heading back to Ohio later tonight. :o
LOL..I CALL MY MAMA ALL DA TIME..CERTIFIED MAMA'S BOY..IS TUES. "TWEET" DAY?..F/S..
hey there! i love your music(: you guys should really checkout also! (: have a great weekend<333
She's not a whore if she's actress
Seriously, if u r going to stalk me, can't u @ least make it a little more mysterious & make ur phone # private? Like I don't know who u r.
Spending Mother's Day w/the family. They're on their way to get me now.
Incredible art series can't wait to see the show at the new venue, cafe bizou on Raymond. Next Tuesday night 7pm
Excited for some Mexican food tonight!
time to #Google it
Inge on booing "this is an emotional city, this is a city that will back u & they want the team 2 win & when their not they will let u know"
poolside listening to some country music and having some beers =]
#badfirstdatequestion can my kids come
Lately whenever I'm looking for parking, there's an open spot right in front… so I just park there. Scott Spot 😊
O to be a 19th century scientist! In Nature, March 28, 1872: "Rhinoceroses".
I was at the #CINNERS event in L.A on Wed, but had to fly to New York on Thurs. Charleston SC on Sat, Charlotte NC on Sun...
In a world where we all desire to love, it's amazinq how many people are hurtinq.
and of course i always wear shorts when its cold -.-
AH! Hers was only TWO then. FOUR YEARS?!
Chicken isn't even that great.
I feel ya on that one! 😒
Whoa! Don't let your dollars float away in this #MKEflood2011! Let me help you save on your energy bills, www.smartenergypays.com
All of the sudden started singing the trolololol song in mah head lol!
Same goes for grant writing. If you are passionate about your non-profit, you WILL raise the money!
If you thought I was perfect; Boy you were wrong. . . I'm far from that
Happy 1st day of fall! In conclusion to our Fall Back to Beauty Event Week, come join us for a free consultation by Caudalie 1-5pm :)
Retweet this if you're a loyalist and rock the #FreeFuel5000 decal year round!
i do what i want, you do what you can
And she keeps staring at me in the creepiest way..c'mon now lol
lolz i have to go to stupid youth grrrr get back on at 7
you know it
im extremely tall too =p
Finally we are up and running staff training today then the public tomorrow. Here at wood and vine we are very happy to get open
No more shitty reception
Absolutely a no brainer.
Hey sounds like an awesome project. We have some mindstorms you can use. How many do you need?
oh. she doesnt speak english. haha ah poor thing.
I miss Fabregas, not Na$ri. A healthy Wilshere & Arteta are certainly capable in the midfield.
Love this idea - going to try it in my online class this summer!
Thank goodness you're not. Peyton is a weiner.
WE GOT YOUR SONG TO PLAY ON B96 NOW WE NEED TO GET YOU AN INTERVIEW HERE!
I know what phone I'm getting now!! :)
Haha sorry. I can't fit anything in 140 char. is still here too obviously.
Lists, they tell me. Make lists to manage twitterfeed. But then the lists don't work & instead show only 1 person's tweets.
Today I will wear the emperor's new clothes...
Nah man, its constantly in the 40 around here :/
Special Halloween edition of SAXAppeal! Tonight's show is scary good: georgetownradio.com
That's really planning ahead. Are you really accurate enough at falling to pass out on a card?
Was in DC ovr the wknd. What an awesome time to be there with healthcare being debated!
My mom is coming back home today! :)
cool dude I'm down. Maybe this weekend. Look for me!
&quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; To Get Hartford Stage Reading
as a challenge. I saw their yard last summer. They should see mine in TX before being so unsubtle. All I've done so far is take out my decor
Going up the National Cathedral tower was super cool. I highly recommend it!
how long did it take to get to NYC?
are there any materials in the #UMBC archives from past hurricanes?
Now Hiring FT & PT for both locations! Come into our Downtown location to find out more details!
Beautifully said, Prof. Kinsella. & quite insightful. I've had a similar experience, both at Stockton and elsewhere.
My ni**a, I'm faded faded faded
WHEN EVERYONE TELLS U THAT UR THE PROBLEM, MAKE SURE U LIVE UP TO THE NAME, BECOME THE BIGGEST PROBLEM THEY HAVE EVER HAD
Please continue to follow :D <3
": Ma girl is comin home to daddy on tha 17th of may forever!!!!" what does forever mean!?
#ALL THE TIME!
Let's row!
“: God is looking for servants with hearts to believe the unbelievable”///Preach it!!!
#history #museum #historical Today’s History Quote: "I came, I saw, I conquered." Julius Caesar - 47BC
can you take me as your guest?
were you for real? Alone?
Saw the band Death Cab For Cutie on pub tv last nite think they are in town tonite great show based on what i saw
Love it when Customers ask to get a picture with me at Abercrombie and Fitch
Who has plans for Monday??
Any recommendations for a writer's retreat?
haha you watching this guy? Creepy!
Olympus-sized brawl over proposed Rowan-Rutgers takeover drags on - watch out for stray thunderbolts
Thanks for the
It's not just physical, it's mental as well.
My mom just laughs at me when she asked me what happened last night.
very cool!
Agree. Tomorrow's game needs to be played now!
Mom bought me an unlimited monthly tanning package. Yaaaay :)
yes can we suit up for cincodemayo!? we should
Cant Wait Till Friday Gunna See The In Stamford Ct.
tonight they booed the poor little guy from Sacramento with the same name, Isaiah Thomas. He did well considering the abuse
Just seated at joanna newsom. She's tuning her gigantic harp!
I havent started any of my homework yet and now im going to dance.
Done and done ! Hope the survey helps you out!!! Have a great night!
Good day tweets! One more day to get through and then the week-end!
I like *my* guy
THX! seriously contemplating GSK. like their fundamentals & chart is setting up to break thru some near term resistance.
RT : nice! < I need to give u the hi-res version. That shit looks wack, after i sent it i was like NO! LMAO!
Happy Holidays Everyone!!!!
Just went around the world with one bag.
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 25
hey thanks! :)
I didn't mean to add u to the tweet lol
I painted my nails bright pink<3
Thanks! It's really pretty. Had to gentle stretch it a little when I got it since it was a bit tight but I'm wearing it happily now
im ballin too my ninjas
Scheme sought to remove regressive custom among Kadu Gollas - The Hindu
Monsters lead 2-1. Shots are 11-7 in the Monsters favor
Some good quality/value - lighter side of
Life aint easy for the greazy
woman! text me back when I text you!
lol. phone died as I pressed save, so must've screwed it up ... also, don't know why it's autopushing to twitter :/
I am happy you're at least lurking! Besides, the museum of the future mona lisa millennium falcon ROCKS! cc
sorry to hear that.
Sky is womb and she's the moon. Seriously.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that always gets you to take your craziness to another level.
There was positives from the #Padres game. Denorfia was 4-4 all singles 3 up the middle and Hundley hit his 1st HR of season!
yes, back to PE classroom this year for first time in 5 yrs, and need 'me hablo espanol un poquito'
Give our "Cupcake for TWO" a try! Red Velvet and Vanilla, Happy Valentines day!
Safety Word Orange/ The Greater The Risk Cd Release. Doors @ 6pm
Organic, gluten-free, and sugar-free muffin mixes coming soon from Sweet Debbbie's!
may the force be with you.
feels her wings growing back...
What is your goal with your website? what is your website url? I would like to understand what your needing
#vaumc11 I feel so inspired to share with my congregation great missionary stories around the world. The world is our parish!
A security guard gave me a cautionary compliment today. He said, "Don't let this place change you."
Ghetto pronunciation: Bathroom = Baafrumm, Refrigerator = Fridgerataa, Remote = Moken Troll
I have no friends... My life is sad
The medicinal garden looks great!
Wheres all the sexy chocolate at? ;-D
Ready for my Spanish final
THE CULT OF PERSONALITY! BEST IN THE WORLD! LET'S FUCKING GO !
mimis_cafe thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I officially still need my golf polo :)
Hey fans, Charles here. What kinds of skills would you be able offer to your community of survivors?
SOURCE Theatre is looking for a college dorm room for our next shoot.
How long can YOU go without using technology? Greendale 7th graders are up for the challenge-Tune Out Technology, on Fox...
Dang a major accident on the 51 on my way to work and now one on my way home. #@$%;+!
this #milwaukeesnow is really putting a damper on my plans. I just want to be living with my girls already!
Gonna be in the #BERG until sunday, no service! HMU on here of FB
we are#family and ilove you sweety so much wanna know a secret ? i still cannot believe u are 18years LOL haha!! #believe <3
Slow Tuesday?
Keepitquerque has two major goals for 2012. The first is to help each of our members make money as a result of their membership that far...
I was a life long francesa fan until my friend and ur part time intern turned me to a huge fan
pow...like that...
Our song "The Best One" will be making an appearance on ep #305 of THURSDAY, JULY 21st at 10pm EST!...TUNE IN!
Funniest episode ever of the Monkees is on right now.:-)
Let's go Hawks!
Ha, the guy sitting next to me at the reserve game is an MLS official. I think he keeps the stats or something
there will probably be a lot of begging, borrowing and deferring, but it'll look good.
my sis thought it was reall and we hit the computer nnd it fell hahahaha dont it lots of sugar at night bad for youh hhaahaha
I Heard That The Guy I Like Is Still In Love With His Ex And I Dont Wanna Get In Their Way So Im Moving On Cuz I Got Better People To Meet:P
Good Morning!.
I am still waiting for it to arrive. I can't wait. :)
Really! Its way to hot for this Went to a wonderful restaurant in Pittsburgh out door seating for lunch, I'll just sit inside with AC=Me....
my girls in FL are currently enjoying your entertainment &all I want to know is when are you coming to cali so I can enjoy it too??
Thanks you too!
Woo hoo!!! Cosmic bingo is happening real soon!!!!! Totally excited!!!!!!!!
Sitting in the nose bleed section is so unfun..... Come to the AAYTE Gala & Bid on Auction #606. 4 Tix to a Phillies game in Diamond Club!
Thanks for the Retweet!
Fuse patio is open for lunch, dinner and drinks. Enjoy the beautiful weather while you still can!
How much is your tooth worth? Isaac Newton's tooth was purchased by a nobleman for $4560 ? and it was set in a ring.
started late, skipping commercials.
I won a Gopalo t shirt today!!! Thanks
X “: sure tf knows if was on twitter she would not have a TT !”
Kevin Love drops 51 against OKC. I've said for long time Love > Griffin; and it isn't close!
Be careful what you ask for....make sure it's really what u want.
less crunchy :(
Support the Poetry Center - Billy Collins & Friends, a benefit at Centennial Hall, November 7 at 3 p.m. Buy your tickets at uapresents.org!
#ONLYBLACKPEOPLESAY " hey racist ! "
#AustinTexas. If you have a tip, you want to report.. Email us at & we will post at our upcoming website,
oh gosh,should have known,im dumb haha
I got life, I got love, I got faith and that's enough.
See thats why I keep you around, even if it is a little awk, were still tight.
Cuts over 10 yrs eventually mean funding would fall to levels not seen since the Eisenhower Admin in the
There is TOO MUCH GOOD TV. D: Wait, that's a good thing ...
aimlessly fabricating your un-reality
make Jonathon do it.
oh aha well yeah I am up and yes I do
is at #UWS. In-between classes and finishing #chiropractic reports. Fun! =D
Coxtinkt making it happen on the daily!
Happy New Year from the entire Fatboy USA family! How did you ring in the new year?
I just wanna do better than good enough
ha well it's not my fault you don't get dirty jokes
Exactly, and an uninjured brained ranks pretty high on my list, too.
sick still
So am I and I'm fine with that. Lol.
send beats
thx for the great links. Lots to do and see.
Crap. Refs called us for "illegal touching." (Social commentary: There's been way too much of that in college sports lately.)
Shew, I'm going back to bed.
I love you too!
Why there so many pop in this red thing?
i waz just watching ABDC6 wid but they already danced so y watch the others they suck jkjkjk but stole the SHOW!!!!
I know. I'm probably getting a new phone then an otterbox asap.
I think you would be interested in the discussions on this string
Why are we wasting our time talking about Alexis?? She is a nobody so why are we talking about her??
Migraine, but I wanna jam. Why ?!
Tip of the day: always take pride in your properties.
Even the strongest girls need to know that there is someone who can silence, keeping to themselves ...
they were talking about something and they said your twitter name 😳
Ha don't get to happy
I'm imagining the various ways that Walter White (NAACP) and Walter White (Breaking Bad) changing positions would be funny.
Happy New Year!(:
Thank you so much for sending me the absolutely stunning jewelry! You are too kind:) <3 Can't wait to see you soon!
I felt like Thelma from Scooby Doo when I woke up from my nap..I swear it took me at least 10 min to find my glasses OMG LOL
Its a lovely night to be there
Send an email to .gov - thanks!
TV talking heads allabout #iacaucus Iowa hasnt gotten this much publicity since those dead baseball players were in Ray Cansella's cornfield
Giving up candy and desserts for Lent has affected your normally sunny demeanor. Break out some chocolate - enjoy this day!
Data visualists say that visualization is always "better" to display information. Debatable...
Does anyone want FREE PUBLICITY for your business, web site, or white papers? Ask me how.
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to connecting with you!
Today so gloomy. I don't remember rain in the forecast
#RIPDickClark…thanks for ringing in so many New Years with us.
My dad just told me to embrace my hair falling out and shave it! I will drown him in his stomach acid if he speaks such filth again.
Great, I wound up next to the sick lady on the bus.
Bells please tweet me in French LOVE YOU please :) You are my life you are beautiful funny Talented ♥♥
RT : Anyone who refers a membership will receive a FREE month of membership!!**Plus I have a few to give out! Who wants them?
: Ozzy "Momma I'm coming home"
hah. I prolly wont. But i will 4 surely b sad ):
Disagree RT : Schwartz says talent rules this board. "if you're chasing need in the draft, you're chasing the wrong thing."
oh. Good one and I've probably used them interchangeably too.
Everything tastes better with bacon.
hey gang Follow NYC
Do yourselves a favor: when typing your/you're always say "you are" in the sentence to see if it makes sense. It's/its, say "it is".
Rest in peace Steve Jobs. Thanks for changing the world.
Not gonna see Sunshine until next week! :(.
Lmao Kobe Slow (:
Friday! Looking forward to a full weekend of foreign language film nominees at starting tonight!!
Join TOMORROW to help canvass for We R WI in SD 8. 9:30am 6918 W. Brown Deer Road.
I understand completely, I get hasseled for charging more for custom clips as opposed to ones I have ready on clips4sale
i keep getting emails to join the police academy. they must know how strong and sexy i am
i want a tattoo that say love but i don't know wher to get it so i'll just get a cupcake ( to eat).
My sister had an argument about that with her husband. Well more along the lines of "Why didn't you like my post?"
Yanks close it out tonight?
You cannot solve a problem from the same consciousness that created it. You must learn to see the world anew. Einstein #TDL"
Any followers have a Roku and want to beta test a fitness app for ? #funfunfunfun Hit me up!
Tonight was too fun. Ihoppp time✌
Happy International Women's Day!
Yes, yes i love you. But, i do not need you. So you better treat me good, before someone else does
": Too many girls (guys) on this planet to be stressing a bad relationship."
Are you planning a trip to the ATL anytime soon?
#FF shout out to friends!
lunch with a Editor then getting ready to cover "Archie's Final Project" red carpet in Santa Monica tonight!
i have been grounded literally for like a month!! I missed you more! :)
haha I know, I saw! whatta qt ;) RT“: that was me and ”
Can't wait for Tom Stoppard's Aracadia but calling it a comedy & romance downplays its exquisite wedding of science/math & lit
Sometimes I wonder what goes through mind when he's in school? :D
Think Ima Do My Christmas Shoppin Today....Who Want Somethin?
Who's excited for the 4th of July? We are! It's always filled with tons of great food...
LMAOOOOOO. This picture has me CRYING. This horse and Martin le Mouton would've been friends,
Dale Hunter looked so unmotivated to continue coaching NHL. Back to London and the OHL where he'd be happier.
Hey awesome job on the web checkout! A+!
1 billion people live without clean water today. 5 billion will be without water by the end of the century
Maybe I'm spoiled watching the #Spurs but wow, some teams just don't get good shots. Clippers/Grizzlies is intense but sloppy. Frustrating.
Everyone here is very nice so far! I can see why students like this place.
Those were all outside but whatever
you know it! 45 lanes and 4 open. Where the heck r the other of the cashiers?
And now the one you once loved is leaving.
we should talk photography sometime
Congrats - we'll have to get you some ice fishin' gear. I know some people.
Dear upstairs neighbor: I don't appreciate being able to hear your extracurricular activities. The squeaky bedsprings cliche is suffocating.
thanks for the follows!
twitter that I wasn't sure if you were asking me a question or if you were simply stateing something so now that I know clearly
Overhear the boss cursing - there goes my whole day.
hi Ariana! How was ur day? Can't wait for ur live chat! Love u! Xo💗
#youknowdamnwell my sis beat that ass yesterday
so u bringing a date tonight aren't you?!
Heading to #Hawaii for #PROBOWL.. cant wait.. whats up HI..
need to read need to read need to read need to read need to read need to read Recommendations, please? I have an addiction
a person that is sick of stupid people making stupider comments about a very nice Family
not a chance bro his prime was like 10 yrs ago
Started new painting, Home Is Where You Are. Colorful house-disjointed levels held by rivets rolling down street on worn wheels, like life.
Thank you!!! It was a great event!
Your rewards in life come as a result of your hard work.
You shouldn't runaway from yo problems.. Only makes you a look like a coward
Hittin the studio bright n early tomorrow.
i know!! i never miss an episode!! :) ♥
Tried iShred LIVE and AmpKit tonight. iShred has the same distortion problem as AmpliTube, but AmpKit seems more promising.
I want to ombre my hair
RT : Everyday begins w/ a TO DO list, everyday ends w/ a journal entry, not just on your accomplishment - also your...
Thanks for sharing the articles.
yeah, basically lol. I was a slave to FB!
#IWantYouTo remember what we once had
Thank you! Can't wait to cheer on the Hawks! GO HAWKS GO! ~?shelley?~
Back killin all is good
Just saw the post by about Facing the Son, A Novel of Africa, and all I can say is wow! Sounds like a great novel!
dear world: facebook wasn't an overnight success, chill out on Google+; as the share gets integrated, more folks will use it more often.
Completely agree with Shift! Has become my go-to beer!
It's finna storm this that cuddling weather :-(
I hate when people be saying to retweet basic shit like "RT if you breathe oxygen"
Came home and read an email from some guy calling me an idiot and the reasons why I am one. Skin continues to get thick.
Hardest thing ever, applying condiments to a sandwich you're about to eat...while driving on the freeway and drinking coffee!
eat your girl up for breakfast... want save you no extras
Yeah, I know how you feel girl. I just haven't let myself get like that with Harry. It's unhealthy -- not a good feeling.. :/
*Yawn* Stupid Itis.
Did Chadiha drop an f-bomb this morning when talking about Brian Waters?
Looking for a perfect way to end the day? How about Candlelight Yin Yoga tonight with Danielle at 7pm.
I know that game.... Don't forget Visine Allergy!
you are so sweet to even think of it!!! I think a wine night with is in order :)
omg really?
Brad, any recs for good daily fee course, with good instructors, in Columbia, SC? Sister and bro-in-law going there. Thanks!
PSC Co-chair Howard Shapiro introduces fellow Community Involvement Committee members, some of whom were involved in visionPDX.
Thanks for the great article!
Spongebob is Hypochondriac
Getting car serviced. Bored.
Esprit Park enjoys an abundance of nearby amenities that will complement any urban lifestyle. 68 restaurants within 1 mile!
RT: Texas Guinan wore what around her neck? 1st correct answer wins 2 tix for Saturday
Flattering, but I am in my dream job right now--with tenure! Ain't goin' nowhere.
so hilarious
Why does it always snow on the weekends?
Roughly 16 dudes, drafting 16 players a piece. Send me a DM if you want more details.
hahaha huge pop
Home at last : )
You have got to get that snow blower off your home page! You live further south than me and we haven't seen snow since 2010
Delish! I'm glad you enjoyed it.
I'm sitting here freaking out at thought...I need to get back to my innocents..time to read Hunger Games xD
I highly recommend B, but I will try this one! I love greens!
#Bruins lost : ( but at least the #RedSox picked up a big W against the #Rays and the #Celtics clinched a playoff spot!
bahaha isnt it great? "it's your birthday, rock the pigtails" love you! Have such a fun day
I miss you. Finland 2012!
sometimes I forget that I don't talk about it that much b/c I've broken my no-whining-on-socialnets rule a little more lately..
Supports Alec, too? Hmm, I let the Rush Limbaugh thing go. SF pulled out and convinced me it was an accident. Hmm...
It actually is kinda hilarious. I mean, he was even checking IDs!
I'll do the shoutouts later(:
RT : The thing about blogging conferences is...the networking and connections are just as if not more valuable as the content.
even their breed is adorable. Never have I ever heard of a morkie or a morkie poo. Two #Cute puppies. :D
There may be a million things to smile about, but you're definitely my favorite one (:
I will Jose thanks again and look forward to it.
someone just left this funeral home and told Pope how he was proud she was independent
Tired,sick,and I forgot to do my algebra homework last night. But I'm still going to school. Yaaaay,not! I just don't wanna take finals. Lol
great minds think alike :)
Happy Birthday! I hope your new year is just as amazing as you are!
Yes Exotica will be the spot tonight!
Would love to, but that is the day of our big Restoration and Renovation Fair. Keep us updated on your progress!
It looks like "Weird Al" and Miles... LOL.
thank you 
RT : No God, no life. Know God, know life.
I can't even add on to what you said. You said everything perfectly.
The fact that can appreciate the nostalgia and nefariousness of the Dells makes all of Wisco elated that he's a Brewer.
Tip of the day: if you want to be cool then alls you got to do is wear sunglasses or adjust your brim of hat.
Boo. I don't wanna go to work tomorrow.
how many ways to say "delicious"?
Listening to the song he dedicated to me is like getting stabbed in the heart :|
If we be your body guard, we would still prefer you call us grammar
Maybe more emphasis on other activities in grade schools might change the market, but until then...
Some lady on this plane has a tiny dog in a bag and it won't stop barking because it's a tiny dog in a bag.
my sister thinks the duck face is cute so now I'm wondering how we can even be related
hello(: how are you today? thanks for following! be sure to also follow and checkout xoxo
Yes, I have so many articles to write but I am struggling today. My dog had me up all nite long bc of the thunderstorms.
Out and about
#superartfight pop and lock Super Mario Bros.
It's unfortunate more attention isn't given to AACM. If only some documentaries (K.B.) would be more encompassing (+ more Sun Ra).
Puertorican food is delicious
Special thanks to alum for his upcoming 4.28.12 OUAA Commencement speech at the 9am Schools Ceremony on campus in
I think rehearsal us an awesome ordinary (even tech!). My best to everybody at CTC especially that sweet husband of yours. :-)
Welcome (soon) to our great city. World class eats and entertainment along the Healthline!
; i minus well have cheated on you as much as you have accused me of cheating.
me too! Loved her Christmas songs! She is a little awkward which makes her seem more "real"
I was in tears when I heard that son and L boy interlude
Must be something in the air. We had quite a few doughnut related discussions yesterday coincidentally. Weird!
Had a hell of a day at Tour De Fat. After party at the pool. Here comes the night. Be on guard, Cult Logic is on a rampage!
Your going to be a sucker lmao
Was at the gym at 5am, read some great books, got some good snuggle time with the kids and have done some work. A new season begins today!
Doing it the right way ha
might need to kill the man in his sleep tonight.
ohh well that's gonna suck for u then
FirstWeber and Chris Lukens would like to help you with your real estate today. Can I help you today? Chris Lukens.
Missing series finale and Grey's Anatomy finale were both good!
There's a great group of folks here - infopeeps of all sorts
DISCLAIMER: I'm a total sucker for folk/rock/pop.
To the most talented singers and actors that passed on, may you rest in peace, your work will stay in our hearts and in our memories
For the LOVE of FamilY. . .
Too cool to panic?
Finished up a session with Lovely.
Happy 150th Birthday to the today! Hopefully, they’ll celebrate with a win vs. Oregon tomorrow!
if I did you'd have even worse chances of beating me :P
We're submitting two more apps to the apple app store today! Announcements on the clients will come out next week.
Totally bummed about MCA. RIP.
If you were one of the lucky people to sign up for tickets to tomorrow's game, you should be getting an email from me any minute!
Servant Warrior Ministries has two FREE tix to this weekend's Impact for Living Conference @ FBJax. 1st to message me gets them. ArmorUp!
Wish you would educate Americans about miltary health care system aka Tricare. From Active Duty to Retired it's abysmal.
Most competitive bump playa - skilled on the other hand, well
I didn't either but I love finding out little facts like that
Thanks for the info! Love Raffa's as a classy joint to eat in the 'Wood. Great locally owned operation!
I love to stay on top of #celebrities Main Event Entertainment™ Strikes It Big with Tenth Location Opening in San Antonio in Early 2012
RT: hate people crying
Agreed let it play out RT: No. Bears need to keep their picks. Keep 'em. RT : Bears need to trade up 2 get the WR Hill
Live Jazz Tonight at Enoteca!
not feeling well today, pray for me
John Legend-Tonight
listening to the helicopters from the robbery -looks like they got away
don't get me excited I'm really hungry -__-
We have to laugh!! Oh, now Angelica's singing!
You can stay in the house with us, at least until Saturday. There's room.
Austin is homeschooled
Am I gunna have to block a bitch already?
Tonight I'm thankful for Coach Cal, my bed, and kaboom foam-tastic cause it made cleaning my bathrooms faster than ever tonight
and as santorum basically said...why should I quit for the guy who finished behind me in only two states that had primaries?
I want a 3 day weekend. I never get to sleep in anymore :(
Happy Leap Day!
RT : Being absolutely fantastic is only ever a thought away. Think it, believe it, and do it! It really is that simple.
thanks darling.
4th of July sale - Save up to $125 on flight and hotel packages to great cities across the U.S. Contact us today.
Its gonna be friday the 13th this friday
I really liked The #WalkingDead last season, but was underwhelmed by last night's premiere. Holding out hope for the rest of the season.
wow man! Thanks! Hope to see you at the #whiskey in #valentinesday!
why no response 2 me so sad :(
Wish I Could Make Money Sittn On My Ass ALL DAY
Holy crap holy crap holy crap
It was a great decade for music. It gets a bum rap because people focus on the fluff.
Drums for the full length are finished! Starting guitars in just a few hours. Eager for the finished product.
.Ed Gillespie, veteran camp advisor, now w RomneyCamp--lest we forget he said "No woman is qualified to be SCOTUS Justice"
Patrick O'Connell's inspired American cuisine has been described by critics as "so good it makes you cry". Can't wait to cry on Saturday!
mom always loved you best.
Nice to have another #freelunchfriday here in #Milwaukee. Want to join us next #friday? Send us a PM and we'd love to have you.
this is the engines talk. And yes I will def find ya! Thanks!
check out www.fuckyeahcheyennekimball.tumblr.com!
I wish I had a job where I could just punch stupid motherfuckers in the face all day
I just figured out what 'imy' means.
RT : Good luck to all of the finalists!
I can't help but see on the kits...
“: Hehe you're too kind” do you have any undies pics to share on our blog?
Good morning Colorado! It's supposed to be a warm one today. What are you doing to stay cool?!
Yup Yup twitter bound u r..lol
said he made me an easter basket... yay!!!
Mother's Day Dinner at the in-laws: "Did you know George Washington was Albanian?"
Great music!
had a good bday with Ready for the weekend. Any plans?
Yep! :D Though I think we'd need to pay and take vacation time ;(
It is a smoking bar however. Kills it for me. : The Hop House on Babcock Blvd isn't too bad.
Remember, Ginger Rogers did everything Fred Astaire did, but backwards and in high heels. - Faith Whittlesey
People probably don't name babies Norm anymore. That's a shame.
That awkward moment when I face planted
I'm from Kansas City too! Nelson-Atkins. Let's hang!
Why do guys like exposing their cock on the internet so much? xD
That's the idea.
I wont let anybody keep me away from my dreams...they belong to me....!!!
I'm up watching clips of my unpublished never performed stand up.I might have to put this on YouTube.
RT : Saw on a truck today: "Follow Me To See Why We Are Your Kitchens Main Ingridient." Did u get a number? I'm avail!
Colts are having a fire sale.
When you work in Hollywood, sometimes the only thing faker than the people in production are the tits on the talent.
I am
that was not today mongahs :) it was the other day lmao
Fletcher Cox to the Eagles? I like.
i love women hack by jacob peirce
sounds pretty exciting
#Cleaning day! And making yummy food for the #superbowl tomorrow! Anyone else making anything good?
Happy Birthday Jim!!!!
The grappling display in round one of Belcher - Palhares is sofa king entertaining.
at lease make a friendly introduction, without needed to extract anything FIRST! songwriters get placement through relationship
why is your name Tim Tebow? You realize he's never played a down for the Jets and is currently the backup right?
Buy 1 Get 1 Burrito w/ the purchase of a drink @ The Goat after 4pm!! $2 Mexican Cerveza ALL DAY!
safe travels! Hope to see you next time you pass through DC
4 keys to video games: immed. feedback, choose level, positive reinforcement, mastery. Apply to learning! Alan November
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me18
Check out our Facebook album of Rumble visiting Positive Tomorrows with the OKC Thunder Bookmobile!
Let's start with the basics: where are you right now?
