I was fighting the urge to cry the whole night,but by the end I was crying all over the place
it was awesome cause I got to see u on Paranormal Challenge and Ghost Adventures! please follow me!!! #I♥ZakB!
Suffolk's concert is tomorrow night at the House of Blues! Get your tickets at the Hub if you haven't already!!
Feeling like a shitty friend now... :/ am I?
Said I need doctor, so I called House now imma pill popper
IT'S GOING TO BE EPIC!
i think i wont i hop this morning
Attending Steps in a Digital Preservation Workflow presented by
Answer the call if you don't like what you see. If you don't have what it takes, don't fucking talk about me.
I want a beer
did you tell Analise about dinner on Thursday?
up all day drinkin on some of everything
Thanks aunt maria for getting me a vacation to the bahamas for my birthday! Lol
I wok up an emotional wreck.
I am planning on using Google Sites in a Web 2.0 class for 7/8 grade students. Will have them create a site maybe in a group.
how did you become such a big star? I hope you remember all of us regular folk!
How do you think the Bulls feel? lol
Ditto - Incredible work that you and the team have done to build community in and around DC. Thanks buddy!
What toy/game from your childhood are you missing today?
RT : Its been a long day.
didn't previously associate with "man fresheners" and old spice, but twitter keeps telling me DTW follows them!
Yeah!! Loved the way you said think Green and not Red!! Just wish this dawns upon many people asap.
. Yes. Retrospectively: getting a job working in fac dev my last year = HUGE for building "leadership"
Good to know. Thank you!
Good one! I saw her at a SXSW showcase in 2009.
Lol air ball?
i'm back.
That moment when you get a late night call from him!"<3
hey,your beautiful!!:)and your soo nice!!:D just thought I'd let you know!
Filming 12 hour days on a set, cramped on a plane that goes down, & now as ALWAYS on SPIRIT flight with issues causing delay. WTF, over?!
How did I get stuck watching Heidi from The Hills talk about her plastic surgery procedures?
; Happy birthday, beautiful. Make it a great day. <3
PLAIN DEALER does not back Turner for Cleveland Clerk of Courts.
ya FOX has started sending their wardrobe consultant who works their other sports properties. She is da bomb.
The Jam have opened up a 115-90 lead against the Vipers. Byars with 28 points. 7:39 left in the game
Glad to see you doing better...
Happy Birthday my fellow Californian! It was great meeting you last year.
awesome. Do you have a reservation?
any good crossfit excercises you like/recommend? love that stuff.
well I was looking at you!
Almost to 300!!!!
listen 2 Meech Dogg's single JUICED UP free Thanks
I took them home from work so they are in a box in the garage but I have pics!
Thanks bro!
Of 2 school I hate mondays
"Pain running deeper than the ocean (in my TA voice)." It's all Coach's fault. Still #Grizznation with me!!! Gotta go harder next year!
What would you like to learn more about Outsourcing? Suppliers and Partners. Things that would best help entrepreneurs. Suggestions?
Tokyo Disneyland operator logs record-high profit in fiscal 2011
is this the day when you follow me back ? ;)
The Black Cactus!
cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
what's the level beyond batshit? We had a whole continuum. Maybe there will be a deal when we are in the woods.
Thanks!! The Librarians worked really hard on them and it shows!
Unfortunately we will not be participating with with Yelp Eats. It's not Yelps fault that we had internal changes. Were sorry!
No thanks. I'll pass on that offer. But you go ahead and enjoy it (: haha
From both Caitlin and I was great meeting you last night! Thanks for letting us crash your corner picnic bench at
Uh-oh. Competition? - RT : If there was an Olympic event for hiring the smartest & most hilarious people alive, I'd be champion
Heading to DC to see the Cherry Blossom festival and perform with the Julian Lage Group at Kennedy Center this weekend
Well I guess it's my fault again. Just blame it on me. That's coo.
You're invited to spend a beautiful Sunday FunDay with us by the pool. DJ and drink specials...Got to love the RLife!
okay sorry
RT : Are the Lakers already in serious trouble in this series? <-- Yep. With no opportunity for rest either. This trouble is BIG.
Too bad I can't make it tonight. Seems like such a lovely Tweetup, & Putte's rocks! See you at the next one! : )
the Cap Hill location is around the corner from my office, and some of their classes sound fun...considering it!
Phone dead! But thats nunthin new
I had no clue there was a badge for that, nice! How many times did you have to check in before you got it?
The fact that my friends think black girls cornrow their pubes.
Very upset my last spring break is coming to an end.. At least it was one for the books!
Hallelujah backwards is a-you-layla. Now you know.
Happy Birthday! Hope it's a good one!
Without music life would be a mistake.
I spent 45 minutes bowling. 163 calories burned.
people haven't seemed to make that choice in 30 years.
#ThingsWeDoDuringExams wish you would have studied.
The patterns of relationships and the capacities to form them are more important than tasks, functions, roles, and positions
wow, read 1/2 of Battle Hymn book last night, so entertaining! Love Hana's sassy chapters offset w/your wit.
ashamed I wasnt already doing it, I will! We learn when we look around, when we pay attention to the world around us
perhaps we can arrange a Skype vid chat session 15-30 for intros?
Empty Subway Car! Dance party to Downtown, boo yeah
I would like to be closer to the beach.
Good morning beautiful people....
why do midterms have to exist
Do you believe in soulmates from past lives?
Norma and the Hog would get there picture taken about every Ky - Arkansas games b/c of the getup they would have on 4 each team! Lo
Having a British or Australian accent would probably be the coolest thing ever. I would talk all the time just to hear my voice
HAPPY #VEGAS-ERSARY!!! Miss you!
Even a clean bill of health never stops coming due.
So are there any stores where I can just walk in & get an iPhone?
Will I see you at #SCBWI Poconos retreat this weekend ? In any case, time to reconnect!
thank goodness!!
RT : Judge Smith just called the possibility of a restraining order "rather extraordinary," hearing continues
just directed words at me. Over the internet or not, it still counts. Today is a day I will cherish forever. 02 APR 12.
Join us at Chi-Cha for hookah and DJ Ivan
Checking out the dudes in my only non-fashion class with Shella
SB traffic at a standstill on #Rte210 #IndianheadHwy near #295 interchange. Big backup, lots of emergency vehicles!
THIS BITCH NEED A BREATH MINT!
Hot & Irritated!  Not a good combo!
DailyHookahTips#87: The purpose for water in the #hookah base is to cool the #smoke.Adding ice will make the smoke cooler and
it's my bday can I get a shout out
Gordon Beckham is still hitting line drives to right field. This is a good thing.
lol nah but forreally doe a spider crawled into my ear -_-
I need to find a Pic of myself worthy of posting.
Backing out of 's driveway and trying not to hit all her damn cats <
watching people fill things in on Draw Something gives me so much anxiety.
Sid doesn't need to shut anybody done nor should he be asked to. Best offensive skilled player in the league.
28th Amendment: Corporations are not people. They have none of the Constitutional rights of human beings.
amazing what $$$ can buy.
Apparently, reselling low-end designer #Missoni goods from #Target was the Recession-beater today. Come on, we can do better than that!
It never fails for my nails and toe nails being two different colors.
What hair?
Dear North Carolina: I like how you think! Signed, Kansas
#quote "It requires a very unusual mind to undertake the analysis of the obvious." ~ A. N. Whitehead
Carl Barks was fantastic. I love his Disney artwork.
I played a blind thief with the plague during the middle ages.
maybe if you stopped grinding on the pillars
Always Welcome!
So I am Sitting here on my porch eating some eggs benedict and listening to my brother (the law school graduate) giggle at Ally McBeal....
So glad we got 2 share some great convos & laughs at #ideation12. U are a wonderfully vibrant & authentic spirit.
That was so exhausting to watch! I felt as if we were chasing her around for an answer!
😔 no imma party with my other friends tonight lol, I'm always with y'all I never get to see them
all those all natural casings, wrapped around tubes of meat warm from the grinder ... #waityoualwayswingaychickenright?
Not knowing what I want <<<<<
oh and on the strings we hung pink underwear and bras
is that ya real hair? Doubt that shit girl
I can't today , tomorrow ?
From you John that's a huge compliment, thx so much!
I must have been half asleep when i went to the market today cus i just noticed i bought some chips i dont even like and taste like feet
Had an amazing day at #sixflags today! This bed is calling my name right now lol I feel so old haha
Why can't Rampage vs Rashad be a five round fight
We all are gonna die sometime, might as well go balls to the walls and jump out of a airplane! #airborne!
RT ": I can truly say I love Beyonce with all my heart lol" < Yes! As do I! & Teyonce 4ever!
Man I'm in my zone
im late. Ill give you ur tea at breakfest
scratch that, we're playing first at 10:30
Only you, only you, you know
please be sure to add the BEST company in Tampa, !!!!
Good morning! I turn on the water to wash my face.... Bee! 36 degrees outside! :0
absolutely ! where are you located?
Mike Wong is guiding us through the social networking landscape at #Faffcon 2. Goodd stuff.
If all you got is NEGATIVE ish to say go ahead & "Slap the Hell" out yourself right now:)
Ice skating with my son (should be interesting) then ND lacrosse this afternoon
still??? We didn't drink that much last night!!
Awww! Tear...cousin.
my sis works there :-)
Looks like someone beat me to it today!
There *is* a forthcoming recap of Video Game Armageddon. I just need to confirm/finalize a few details.
On this date in 1857 Supreme Court passed down the Dred Scott Decision that claimed slaves could never be US citizens Civil War soon ensued
mama over here talking bout she like Marion !
Hey Andrew! Enjoyed your FriendZone vid on YouTube! Do you have an acting reel I can watch?
appreciate it bro !
see you there! (not presenting, but it's just down the street) - definitely want to hear about that syriac work
RT : People are emailing me left and right trying to get into the SOLD OUT HH w/ + !
When they start the game, they don't yell, "Work ball." They say, "Play ball." ~Willie Stargell, 1981
Boo just got into a thinking it was a #fiesta and it's not! cc
One of the greatest songs ever... RT : #np bobby caldwell "what you won't do for love"
I LOVE Nick Grimshaw
omg. madison writes hearts after everything. I love him. <3333333
Sunday Feature: Dutch Duo Mason epitomize what's right with experimental EDM & have been tearing up the scene fb.me/yDh0iXFn
Why does it bother me when I lose #followers when I don't even know 98% of em?
Sorry I've been so quiet lately. What's new?
The one good thing about BROKEN PROMISES IS......it makes you STRONGER!.....#life lessons
#OscarTweet Great results at the #Oscars for #Hugo and especially #TheArtist -- really great, classy return to form tonight.
It's - has a trailing underscore you're probably just missing.
We're seeking a small cap investment for marketing / advertising, new apparel and to further develop the brand.
Thanks for the info!
Friday the 13th Marathon. asdfghjkl love.
what's wrong :(
Sounds like my kinda place!
Only have to go to two classes today... I'm geeked!
and ladies email me info about your event collab at #candidboutique and I will do some PR for u!
52,000 sq ft construction project to start this summer at Subaru assembly production
Yes, we must know the outcome!
Lol! RT : Guy just described what getting kicked in the balls feels like& it's exactly what cramps feel like
Nice to meet you! Sorry, I have been trying a new audio program & its taking longer than I though. Hopefully by tomorrow.
Makin it look easy #NYR yeah
I napped and actually felt worse. And I'll still be up most of the night. Ugh.
I'm a bad guy, bad guy from start to the end
I say look at Congress more than look at Obama personally!We havent got ANYTHING done because no one can even talk to each other!
I spent 1 hour and 5 minutes Bicycling. 837 calories burned.
I can't get enough of this phone.
holding them under Jefferson 4 PDX at the Aladdin box office for you tonight!
ur already late so u can stop to get them n bitch I ate them shits on the way to school :-)
Dis my last day in this job..I know I ain't doing nothin today
Can yu follow and let her know that i told yu to follow her! xo thankss so much
Got a sneak peak of Romeo & Juliet ! #goosebumps can't wait till the show next weekend!!!
You just go girl!
Good thing you went ahead--I'm so far behind my twitter feed I've totally lost my connection to the world!
鈴木康広 Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Did you know we're collecting lightly used purses 4 #Help4Hygiene? Yes, donate 2 a woman in need. Ask how!...
You came to me in my dreams and you spoke of everything sweeter than the days that I was breathing. How on earth did anything...
The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo (2011). Surprised and impressed
Dis is y i believe n bad luck...bad things always happen
#idontreallycare when i make u upset
flashing a man works just as well.
We just got buzzed in our downtown offices by the Blue Angels. Now we're glued to the windows. Is that them or just a bird?
yay! finally i made a twitter :) just cause of youu & bahaha we forgot to write pussy on devins page!
Butter making party on Bonsallo Ave with bread and staffers
Chicago's "Saturday in the Park" is sorely missing on that list of classic Independence Day songs
Come on Sooners, let the clutch out!
my stage dive is better than both of yours
CASTING CALL! Starts Today 1-6pm. Dancers, Models, DJs, MC's, Come on down and show us what you've got Today & Tmrw 1-6pm
new Florence CD, tell me you've listened?
Julie now has her own Twitter, check her out
I'm in need of a graphic designer for a web project! Please PM me if you're interested, along with a link to a portfolio. Thanks!
cool. I'll have my mom check it out. She's my Facebook page expert.
Why do the wines at concerts suck so much? Thought Michael Bublé would be a classy enough show for something decent!
I don't think anyone knew his name - just Candyman!
Woo! Thanks for tweeting. Will we see anyone there from The Wilshire Hotel? cc
The "See Me Coming" tank. Lookout!
haha im down :) but I'm just doing school, I'm soo ready for summer! Lol how about you? You still working at Levis?
and ill give you credit too
Love is but the discovery of ourselves in others, and the delight in the recognition. Alexander Smith
Ouch ... RT : Ohio U missed 1 FT tonight (7 of 8). You know, the one that would have won the game.
Thanks for sharing, Dee!
he's always helping... He gets mad cause i dint let him carry her
How many rappers a nigga gotta eat to link with & ?
Friday April 1st! “: You have to order the newest menu item. 1/2 Lopez and 1/2 Tom on the same plate. Called the Grahambo!”
thanks for the continued support :)
#20ThingsAboutMe 9. I spend ages in the shower cause it's the only place were I can properly think about things
Um...pardon me, but I'm failing to see the connection.
That 5 hour energy drink did nothing for me smh
When do you want to?
It's not about how much you have, how much you know, or how much you do. It's about how well you love. Love is what matters most.
ok. Thanks.
Hoping gets to bring his autograph tour to Middlesboro!
Best Choice You Eva Made ;) haha
Would read the stuff over on #enworld about #dndxp, but white text on black background sucks the moisture out of my eyes faster than salt.
thank you Piper!
Hope you enjoyed the show! Dr. Carrasco's foreign language plays are always great.
Contagion is not a good movie for germaphobes... :/
Twit Twit Twit!
Its the best day ever!
well maybe you should realize they are freakin kids. Lighten up.
Jackson hitting way better this year
So many people have secgets they keep from their best friends. If they really are your best friend then shouldnt they know?
i know!! it will be so much fun hahaha all crazy
babysitting is so boring....I need company! Lol.
Exec #JacobSolomon telling #GMJF Board of Dir. that Miami is ahead of other comm. in Social Media Prowess- learned at
This is an indication of my intellect... I just figured out the new Big Ten logo.
": #Scorpio's are magnetic and jealous."
First time in court with a client. Channeling my inner
Three of my closest friends lost loved ones today...My heart hurts for them.
We love Open Data yes we do! We love Open Data how 'bout you?!?!
Do a little more each day than you think you possibly can. ~Lowell Thomas
Have you read "Beggars in Spain" by Nancy Kress?
Had an awesome show last night with looking forward to playing the grad #party tonight.
Just walked by a dude playing some sweet tunes on the recorder. Why is it called the recorder? It doesn't record.
Thnx for posting again! How late does it go? I have a night class for grad school Wednesday... Would love to support tho!
r u like done with school ?!
okay, so was that me replyin to you or did i just tweet that? im not sure..........
Yoo! Be sure to spread the word about our HUGE upcoming single release!
Chris Andersen's father is in my office lol Im about to talk shit cus the Nuggets loosing tonight lmao
what happened? text me!
Time to repeal completely worthless ballot measure then...
We are located near I-5 and Mill Plain in Downtown Vancouver. Offering Special on rooms w/ 2 full size beds at $69.95 plus tax per night
fair was mad fun! now, scary movie time!
Loved seeing and extending my PLN at #naisac12. Sorry to miss #EdCampIS tomorrow
Our eyes capture light photons. Doesn't that make them "faster than the speed of light" captured? The retina must be faster, right?
Whaaa! I don't have cable.
Thanx to Dave of for a great interview for radio!!
I hate it when I go to the gym, and some random guy decides to use the machine right in front of me, WHEN ALL THE OTHER ONES ARE EMPTY
i'm probably way too negative for anyone to tolerate me.
Wow, really wish people wouldn't be so cocky about #TerraNova cancellation meaning good things for #Fringe. That is not a given at ALL.
Ha! Well, we can be rather starstudded. Thanks for keeping an eve over our famous patrons!
The commercial's also confusing - he thinks the joke isn't funny ("that's so dumb"), but then everyone laughs later. Huh??
Sir Michael Rocks.
Good defeats Evil. Real Men don't wear Uggz.
Just over a year in, Blogs@ Baruch will have 600 blogs and 3000 users w/in the next few weeks.
you dick
Thanks, Josh. At 83%, almost there!
im sweating to death today.ive been cleaning getting ready 4 to decorate, & its 84 here today
New York Marketing Consultants at Upside Unveil Internet Marketing Audit Program, 360IMA, to Help Business Owners ...
Really digging this next issue of the ... who can guess what's going to be on the cover or covers? Good luck!
How could I ever have forgotten that? Perhaps next time.
russian doll chanel bag replica cheap chanel bags balenciaga store in melbourne - Portada Magazine
hahaha i am now ;)
I had a great time last night at the LatinTrends 2012 Kick Off Party! I met alot of great people!!!
We met Weeman last night! He is crazy to party with!
Happy Mother's Day!!! "The best thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother." ~ John Wooden.
ok. Good luck! Gonna be strange not seeing u in a gauchos uniform.
Must make T-shirt fit for both startups and fitness jocks. GOYA: GET OFF YOUR ASS!
good morning twitter.. here goes another day!
We love to hear that!
Yes it is. They could get hot, gain major confidence, and make a huge run.
Ditto. RT : I'm no hardcore Whedonite (I haven't seen Buffy OR Angel!) but he's one of my very favorite genre guys.
thank you thank you my internet dude! 2012!
I'm watching my kids at swim class while picking session on the #rootstech app. I feel very 2012.
RT : He wants a fight, well now he's got one, and he ain't seen me crazy yet. -Miranda Lambert
Gotta luv all the tourists walking past w/ their fluorescent safety vests here at Fed Square hahaha, Australia is obviously THAT dangerous!
Happy Mother's Day to Moms everywhere!! Love, The Summers
it feels way too much like friday for it to be thursday
SO EXCITED for the #NHL Playoffs to start today. Pens v Flyers is going to be awesome!!!
Hi! look over here! gear me up to change our community hungry less 3>
- Thanks - It's good to get the tweet on just in time for a rocking playoffs for the tigers and a magical lions season.
Lol "Hunter Pence with a weird double"
Okay, back 2 my homelenad now, a sick place as a whole, but our 3.3. acres is nice, except 4 all the people who want 2b here we want 2avoid
Love it!
I really need a Capo. But I haven't gotten the time to go and get one.
Thanks for the follow!
I only have 15 more classes left in my Undergraduate academic career then on the my Masters!! Time flys!
i know you weren't there (sadly), but wasn't the guy from this at or am I on crack?? ;))) +
they're trying to lose so they get a good draft pick
Fuck justin bieber. Hate that kid!
#jhudc Learning a lot from your tweets & pics, thanks! :)
snow's melting! It's kinda a nice day outside...
#oomf Hung up on me to watch House >.<
I had the craziest dream last night. I woke up feeling so outta place. So my anxiety came about
This. RT And now? Bed.
How many days in a perfectly lovely country does it take to miss New York? 4.
Miami can keep Wade! Never been so disappointed to call him a Chicagoan.
Definitely just listened to a bird sing the clave rhythm repeatedly.
Making up rumors about me and my boyfriend? #GROWUP!
looking for an office kitchen to shoot in. Know any we can we rent your office kitchen?
like a smaller version of new York mixed with a bit of west coast vibe
I have the book, but haven't yet cracked the spine. Supposed to be a literary zombie novel, so I picked it up.
. just equated applying for a hunting license, buying beer & tobacco to our constitutional right to vote.
#Come on #United! ! ! #3points iz all we need...
With great power comes great responsibility...and a huge electric bill.
'landscape' image in by Jack Radcliffe
Said your hair is beautiful!:D
thanks for the retweet! really appreciate it.
In your opinion, other than lack of quality communication and finances, why do intimate relationships fail?
Most people with soy allergy can since lecithin doesn't have the protein
Just finished the 3rd #HungerGames book. Crazy to think I started the 1st one only 8 days ago.
I failed to workout over the course of the last [cough] years. So now I am really outta shape.
still downloading
People that think "the world revolves around me" <
Why does twitcon pic always turn me on?
you heard right lol
Favorite Xmas movie line, "Call me on my radio...code word, 'Santa's got a brand new bag.'"
RT KD: Mostly Cloudy and 40 F at Seattle/Boeing Fld, WA Winds are Calm. The pressure is 1026.9 mb and the humidity is 68% via
- reruns ARE awesome - we will be live tomorrow on THE BEAUTY OF POLITICS at 7 pm.
Race week ya'll. Do you know some people will tailgate over 2 weeks for the upcoming #Daytona500 ?
Please vote for my friend "Celleste"! Today is the last day to vote! Posts on my page! Thanks! :)
It's all about choosing the lesser of two evils :P
Front row for at lasell then backstage cant wait this is gonna be sick
Wow Gray has no rebuttal for Fenty's green environment...stunned
S/O TO>> AND HER HOTEL SUITE PARTY I WANNA GO TO!
Happy Opening Day!!!
Time to add Eddy Curry To LineUp??
Hat Trick of Home Runs for Ryan Braun. Welcome Back.
Haha he gets down. You know he learned from the best.
So you're just gonna make us watch the Titanic all over again???
uh not to sound like an idiot but what is Stickam?
sii que rico
then WHY did you drink the milk sweetie..you can buy soy milk tho
sounds pretty cool to me! :-) I just think this whole notion is fun, so I'll enjoy it any which-way.
It's thundering like a bitch but not raining -__- what's the point
NO haha just no :D
Almost that #HappyHour folks! Where are you going for your #WineDownWednesday? Stop by a #Bartab bar for $1 drinks
u r welc)
I think a reunion in San Fran is in order ;-)
This girl on Maury is dressed like Nicki Minaj and it's sad because that's apparently how she normally dresses
RT : thanks for coming coming out to the game. loved the blow up cutout. NP I see you guys at Regionals or Round 1
Updating my online bios. It's that time of the year! How do others distill themselves into 4 or 5 sentences?
Design Beyond Objects: A Guide to Making Stuff, Without Focusing on the Stuff - The Atlantic
Honestly, to all of Chris Brown's haters that are Rihanna fans, forget you guys. I'll stand by the guy till the very end, but all of (c)
TY 4 spreading the word. There r unexpectedly 3 Wed tix available too! & at that price. only online. Hail #Beertown!
Dang, it's TOO early. Oh well text me y'all. I'ma be bored for the next four hours on the way to Colombia.
Year after year, I'm still fascinated with New Year's Resolutions. I've gone to NYE parties where I was the only resolving. How 'bout you?
: "Twitter is where the conversation is."
i liked that last retweet of yours :)
how is he in person?
we need to develop our url and then grab him RT : any luck getting Paul Lee/Lightbank to hear your pitch?
don't question scientific research.
Safely back in our rooms, half-asleep, the alarm goes off again. wow.
- darn, was just there promoting the book, you could've gone & asked him to give you one! :D
good morning
143, smiley wit a wink..aye ma boi ma boi he loves me
#PainkillersAndPilkington EP by Genesis Elijah is one of the best unsigned releases i've heard this year- and trust me, i hear a lot.
Bored! Ready to go home!
#Bellydancing with starts in 10 minutes! Come out and get #tribal with our awesome instructor, Angela!
As you can imagine, you have a lot of them
VerizonFIOS told my parents to turn on WEP to prevent hacking from Chinese IP addresses. How powerful could their WiFi radios be??
that's crazy. I couldn't do that. It's so fucking depressing to me.
I have lost so much time to this game. You may never make another comic ever.
love mac and cheese....you cooking!
thanks love
I've been up since 3pm yesterday nice. At the range now hope my eyes can fight temptation n stay open long enough to hit these targets lol
thank you for having us!
haha how could we forget beer!
Ahh ok. Now it makes more sense! Although, this show really needs to pick up the pace.
says he is not waiting to be elected as mayor to make a change
"Your feet are so socksy"
no its cute lol
Shes not here anymore :(
Still debating cutting my hair.
Goodnight ❤' Hope the Aussie Directioners had a great time at the Concert (: #nowplaying Moments by One Direction ❤
regarding use of groupie weird term but don't mind being assoc. w/ some1 who I think is doing it right.
great infographic you guys did! thanks for letting us use it!
give us a try! Not going to claim we are right for all purposes, but we do have many happy customers coming back for more.
Tightenin up this playlist for tonight . iPod set to STUN!!!
Good Morning! Please take the time out to follow TMC Records® CEO & President ,Thank You
#Badgers fans awfully fortunate to have and represent Terrific players, better people
hey guys, anyone know a social media rockstar in Philly? I have a question for them...
Damn. I should have voted. I am sad. seriously sad.
As if I didn't eat and drink enough over the weekend, I'm going to Benihana for dinner tonight.
Data curation should be "a defined professional path, not a secondary career choice." Presentation by Rachel Frick of CLIR at
All I do is go out and eat at Treehouse
hi Mary I just wanted to let you know that your an amazing singer!
it's rough, man
haha yep! I most certainly do! Love is a crazy thing isint it?
#RandomTweet I been catching radio shows randomly hearing his interviews now he's judging on Americas Got Talent
hey Dustin, can you please retweet our today's Tweet about our Facebook page and also the one about our new website. Thank u
So... where exactly is my Catching Fire book???
Make sure to check out our awesome Wicked Wedding Show pics, courtesy of Bryan's Photography on our Albuquerque Wedding Hotel page!
too funny. Who came up with that?
Please get some autotune specialists to the set of #lesmis, STAT! Anne Hathaway, your voice in the trailer alone physically hurt me. :-(
Go pens
I really need to get my sleep schedule back to normal... this sucks.
Were going to be rocking the stage tonight at crossroads of Douglasville, Georgia! Who will be there?? #let'sGO
Thanks for the intrepid reporting! Looking forward to learning more about your thoughts on and moves in
You do know why they call it Long John Silver's.......right?
love you! Your banjo playing was beautiful on the rock center! <3 I could have listened all night long.
I don't know, you better watch out :P
But i don't show emotion when i do!.
Mention you're a follower on Twitter for $3 pints all day on Sunday!
lol, these last hours will be devastating!! ... Not! Lol
haha and a Fred Meyer! It's gorgeous out too
so. freaking. tired.
Heeeellllooooo to all my new #Followers ! Muahh!
The church need to be TAXES....
right. the weather is so intense. xD thank you weather man
At least I tried!
Can't imagine a better trio RT Tweet me questions for Martha Stewart and Mark Consuelos! They'll answer live at 11!
Aww. I saw the pics someone posted on FB. It was really pretty.
laundry? It's that thing #gradstudents do to procrastinate and avoid doing actual productive work.
I didn't win the mega million, but I still feel like a million bucks. Happy Saturday...Woo Hoo!
Leach: we may be the first country to finance war with tax cuts
really. id be much more excited if brad pitt came by just to take a poop
Please stop talking about the pacers. I don't fucking care. You all didn't even give a shit about them until just recently anyhow.
Not sure, but it looks so desperate! Not to mention, I could probably eat ANY cereal for every meal for 2 weeks and lose weight.
Look in my favorites..
Technology is more than electronics. Arrangement of lecture space is a technology, language is a technology.
Me too:( : Was super excited to go to ebook conversation but it was in the worlds smallest room and they wouldnt let me in.
Yea man, a half of the World is awake right now. lol. I'm sure u have fans over seas.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, While loving someone deeply gives you courage. ~Lao Tzu~
2 Men's! 2 Women's!
what the fuck bro?
I love him and I don't want him locked up but he was wrong. Free money and r.I.p big bro tinoco
Slow night, huh! I have nothing monumental regarding follow-up accept for the automated (custom) thanks email
I Want You Back...LOL just kidding. Au revoir, cunt.
ben i dont wanna party nevermind
uh-oh. Niall Ferguson to deliver BBC Reith lectures. I can think of a few people who will have a problem w/ this.
Apply to intern at GUASFCU, the nation's largest student-run financial institution! Applications are now available at www.guasfcu.com
If #MoreFemalesShould is trending, then let's make #MoreKidsShould trend WORLDWIDE. #MoreKidsShould be like Phineas and Ferb
hahaha I hear you! We do too lol
Hiya Cheryl, NTMU2 Hope you have great weekend. I'm hitting the beach tomorrow :)
Don't reveal all of your secrets. Keep some to yourself.
Picked with the heart, not the head. I hated the Sixers when I was a kid
we just hate everyone, but in a positive way
oh yes. I saw this late last week. In.
hey my life
Boss Hogg Barbour is unbearably full of shit.
you're a photoshopping madman!
What did you eat last night to have such a weird dream??
Watchin Thirteen Ghosts
OK bro, I was directing my twit at brED2talljoneZ in response to words to me, but I will
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Dale County until 02:00 PM
Maximum excitement. Just booked my vacation trip to Hawai in June :)
Happy Hump Day! I hope your having an amazing day!
#fairuse key to non-consumptive use of databases; e.g., search and visualization of big data. If you're not doing it now you will.
#dopeness people get use the name is going to be a household name
anyone wanna talk? :)
No. Capitalism does.We can't control our greed ourselves.It's a survival tool that we don't need in this day and age
It's not about proving yourself to anyone. It's about taking no days off until you've reach your full potential.
RT : Big day for ! It's his 8th birthday (32nd if you don't go by leap years). RT to give him some b-day love!
Go for it.
Just checked my phone and I see this....
The perfect storm is in tucson arizona
Being sick has allowed me to catch up on my reading. Just finished Friday night lights, now on to one day. Any other #booksuggestions ?
lol no I made that up :)
On my way to Cali. Luv twitter on my iphone! Got up at 3am pacific time. Presentation not quite done.
music is my lifee!!!
Not saying Edward from Twilight is unfaithful; just saying why does he always come home with glitter on his chest?
RT : We have a new ongoing Peruvian art exhibit at Cafe Cuzco in Ballard, WA. Check it out! www.cafecuzco.com
Gainesiville will be the place to be on Nov. 3rd at The Vault!!
You thaaa fucking best best I eva had
no prob. we'll see you in june!
Monday, April 30: Manchester City v Manchester United, 2pm, ESPN
Oracle sucks big time!
They just put every episode of "Street Sharks" on Netflix. This is an absolute game changer.
To which any female who's ever attended a Broadway show says "duh!" RT Believe it or not, world toilet shortage is no joke
Who the eff is Mandie?!?! Really some one explain to me please!!
Nyack Farmers Market opens today!
Roughly 2/3 of #WalkerFailure $13 million campaign cash haul from out of state contributors
what happend between u and that girl u like wate it is a girl right
Yep, with you on that. And I do buy CDs! Just got Chuck Prophet's latest.
Straight to callback, baby!
Mad bored..cant wait for tomorrow..(modeling)
eating birthday cake, nom ;o!
Husband coming home one week early = excitement + long "to do" list out of nowhere + a lesson in flexibility.
Nobody in this building was really rooting for us. I think guys used that for motivation - Louis Hinnant
thanks Brian!
~Get Money Or Kill Yourself!~
problem solved!! :)
has you seen a chiropractor?
RT : And now, ex-Colts C Jeff Saturday officially has agreed to a deal with the Green Bay Packers. Nice #Packers pickup.
I hope this tweet is taken in the spirit in which it was intended.
Brewers need to understand the way that women buy, how you market to men is not going to work with women.
Just visited Princeton for the 1st time and as expected, ankle length skirts and bike helmets everywhere.
#nsta12 food then hotel room, need to tweak presentation. Still a little dry.
Thank you, Ellie! You coming to the Tweet UP?
I'm wearing my White Sox gear in Seattle........and getting mean mugged! Lol!
Ok, so I'm pretty happy #imtalkingaboutyou #evenwiththis10pagepaper :)
but it is hard to not have sex
Okay Tweeter, I officially like your new face, functionality and informative
Drinkin Chocolate Milk like a little kid.
Unpleasant side effect of a fabulous updo the night before- drag queen hair on a Sunday morning.
i just kellin spammed all my followers on tumblr
Thanks for the follow! I can't wait to see it!
#InCaseYouDidntKnow Me & my crew put in work!!
all I could think was Apple (Gwyneth Paltrow's kid).
next year!
theo paper is done
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 37
Don't tempt me!
Totally agree -- well deserved!
on it.
new icon <3 for u
His union is gonna flip
Hi Matthew! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
need beats? any genre. email me w/details @ . check out my work: youtube --> jayshortt ,
Talking on the phone with someone you enjoy talking to>>>>>
That's what we were thinking! #Yowsers -CV
That, I'm not sure. I bet FSD would be pretty open about that ... if they have a new PR person.
Ready to kill this back/chest workout today!
and all that jazz.
thoroughly disgusted with all my friends
Never have been affected by allergies before... Now they decide to bother me 😡
Yes it's true. It's important to know its root cause to prevent it from happening again :-)
Not excited to get up at 6am! I'm getting my butt to bed!!
were a family now baby <3
Shut Out for THE KING
what did i ever do to these people
I miss #LINSANITY from a couple weeks ago..... Thanks a lot for messing that up #Carmelo !
you drop dat mixtape u played at my house yet?
night night nigga
Been a big fan for awhile. For me, it doesn't get better than the leaky pipes on Meant To Be.
Wishing my little sister ZOE FAITH a very happy 2nd BIRTHDAY!
I wish my city supported each other... #FunkyTown Wait till some1 get ON!
Yeah, no hablo basic bitch.
My initial reaction to the events of the past few days is that I am a slacker and I need to step my game up in ways I never imagined...
Nice start w blues brothers at #socapac11. Never been at a conference that started w so much energy and fun!
I WOULD WATCH IT <3
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! We will be in Wisconsin on Black Wednesday 11/23 at Dukes in Kenosha!!
So maybe it was McNeese who showed GB the way! My apologies
Hey New Orleans Jazz Fest Fans, the 2011 Poster featuring Jimmy Buffett is available now. go to Http://www.vincentart.com
History's Heros: 2/2/1959 Virginia public school system begins the process of racial desegregation. Heroic? maybe not, the courts ordered it
I submitted a few title thoughts. I hope they're of some use to you!
I'd rather have assholes in front than behind me. I've already got one in the back -Heavon
Sending love to our great sponsors over - love you guys!
#3WordsOfAdvice life goes on
Rain, rain, go away, I've got sh*t to do today.
The guy looks familiar
hey twitter - you and we can wait:
oooooohkay tryin to Bring It ON back far back!
It never rains in California? Los Angeles showers are great, can't wait to see the white mountains after the skies clear.
Looks like you're wrapping up a victory tonight! Great Job Big Dawg
4 picks remaining for the rest of the night. Get all 4 for only $5! We are giving you the BEST specials you can find. Act now!
“: well fucking around over here imma be gone next year!!! Lmao” ha!
The beards of history firmly believe PA3 was excellent and hope that you will be possessed for at least two more films.
Tornado warning. maybe it is a good thing that i have been waiting over two hours to see the doctor.
I beliber's
got "Rick's" number tonight
Loved the new Mad Men. Can't wait for next week.
Did I just hear a noon bell? I didn't know they still did that?
sounds like the ideal day! we better toke soon outta your new bong <333
“: Also, the #Packers will not use their alternate third or throwback jersey this season.” boo, I like that one.
Wilkinson: When swimming becomes a team sport
Tired someone give me a BED!!
MARY PRANTIL STALKS MARRIED CELEB PRODUCER HANI OF"CONTROL ROOM" Mary Prantil NOT OF GOD BUT A CRIMINAL
I had my eye on Legend of Zelda - I think that might be my next purchase. Thanks for the recommendations!
lol my comp is to slow..waiting on IRM to deliver my new one...Yea boo im goin to zumba today :)
You can watch a Deadmau5 concert on netflix..
nah but it is better than the 24-2 buttkicking the giants gave the falcons
Good Morning :D Half Day for me today(:
So I got sorted in Pottermore... Im a Gryffindor :/ I prefer Slytherin, but that works I guess.
One would think. Can't wait to hear details. See you on Friday at Los Pen?
If u love the arts and value a unique art and design education please show ur support by giving to the RISD Annual Fund! <3 Deja '14
Do I sacrifice taste and go to Subway, or do I go for a sad excuse for Mexican at the TacoChicken?
clippers gone come back its all good
Somebody kiss my kidney to make it better. :)
Thanks Grant for the mention.
so how's NY
Find out which comic strip will NOT run in the D&C this week. Why? What is one thing Tommy saves up for?222-6000 TEXT: 80761
can i tell you how talented, cute, funny,charming, amazing, loving, caring, you are? and oh almost forgot how much i love you?
I really want a faux fur coat for xmas
Great for sharing work and collaborating on work. Also use #Evernote as a word processor and access from anywhere.
That sucks man, sorry to hear that.
Hope begins in the dark, the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing, the dawn will come.--Anne Lamott
while icing cupcakes on sons bday, got a call from O folks lookin for volunteers. Gave phone to GOP MIL who is voting for PrezO in 12! Yay!!
Fill in the blank: "After a long day of work all I need is a ______ with a little Angostura bitters!"
no i sais unfollow me or im just gonna blok u
yup! I already looked up the schedule. I need me some music! Ha
yo jess, follow my ass, and ill give you some deep inspiration
#MMAF2011 Alan Moore is getting us to think of outsourcing / crowd sourcing to change the world with mobile. Amazing
Man... this older gent threw up on his last lap of go-karting lol. At least he smiled it off xD
is a hero for not allowing Uncle Sam waste his money
Fucking hate them...
Time for bed !
i wanna see ron artest try to fight everyone in the arena like good ol' times
Triple H's arm is so not broken
then you'll be sure to dodge it if it comes your way!
yes whats the numbers in your thing all i know is bcorns
Need to catch up on #glee. Feels like I missed a whole lot.
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)36
Maybe if some guys weren't such jerks relationships might actually last more than a week or two..
Thumping in the car to some music lol <3
Light a roman candle with me
the lower end denon are made by sherwood i believe, but the higher end stuff like the ci series will not disappoint you.
Mashed potatoes!
my plate is so full that the peas are falling off.
Thinking about going to Thailand. If anyone has any advice/insight, let me know
Who has the best Cyber Monday deals? -Kristin Burns
Obama to union leaders: "I just barely can hammer a nail into the wall. My wife's not impressed ...Fortunately, right now I'm in a rental."
Today was a good day; I spent my work shift verifying employment paperwork and I had some great Mexican food for dinner.
I'm going back and forth on whether I should turn this into a 4 day long fight or not. I'll get back to u with what I decide.
that has been a horrible story of cowardice. Hope that capt spends much time in the brig
i been texting you. with no response.
What projects were you delivering?
When Should I drop this "Used To Know" (Full Version) ??
Tired of the bullshit why are my parents always in my ear?
I also like West Ham because I went to one of their matches years ago.
when are u going to write a movie about the Rens to remember that era of greats?
Awesome! from SMCPros on Fox 9 talking about Twitter! Thanks Tyler!
Sadly our music expert Michael moves on after today: rare books, comics, CDs, DVDs -- catch him today before 7 @ 7916 SE Foster behind CLEAR
“: you should bring a few of those monster burritos from To your meeting.” sounds good!!
Eli held out of practice again today, status unclear for Sunday
I'm buying that Insanity Workout dvd collection and going MIA for 2 months :)
Me too. I tried it with almond butter, fig butter, goat cheese with honey and sliced pear all from Trader Joe's, the bomb!
TRich, MoHard, BJax, Obie and Armond Smith is a lot to keep. I bet Obie gets cut & Smith goes practice squad if all stay healthy.
That might be the greatest idea ever!
I can't imagine of group of cool kids without you.
phone is broken for a bit unless this update is done by 5 for it :( but in case you texted, gym is still at 6 :)
how about one called, "Really"?
Thunder? Lightning? So not a very Seattle thing, but cool.
Just read the blog post about I must have one of these! I'm following them for location updates.
Perez your work is done, why wait?
Come get your burger on tonight at #SavorSLU at 5-8pm - Blue Shroom Sliders!
Minecraft: Xbox 360 Edition ~kids r bugging me
Thank you for the #FF ! :D
working on a dialogue/conversation project, did some research to find the bright examples and found your great work!
Everything is better with #beer Enjoy 30+ craft and specialty beers at Much Ado About Brew. Get tix at kgoradio.com/beer
max b(ungth) yeah thats what you mean?
your icon is very cute, btw.
The answer is Weegham Park #Trivia starts at 6pm. : It’s Monday #Trivia Time again: What was the original name of Wrigley...
“Good kitchens are not about size; they are about ergonomics and light” - Nigel Slater
Every homeless person should have an iPod Touch. Just add the free wifi and any park bench is a communications center.
Ephesians 6:11 Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.
When your mom decides to be in the room while you're on the computer, so you just switch to google and stare at it.
haha I think we're the same height
She might be a bitch-a-saurus rex, but Christina can sing.
someone drove off without paying for their food in the drive through
your mama floating with my mama today
You're down the street from us! We live near the campus :)
Wat a fucked up day it rains for a while then it stops
I feel like I'm losing inspiration. It's time to make some changes.
I'm sorry about your Dad, Bill. You have my condolences.
We all have that one friend, that takes it a little too far.. every single time.
Is it wrong that Pretty In Pink is on and i'm excited? Fuck it! "I am now...and will always be...a duck man."
#seeed2012 organized by #svpri -important talks about social good/enterprise ecosystems, sharing knowledge and resources.
Independent Consultants! I know you'd LOVE an opportunity to advertise your products/services to thousands of women on YOUR budget!
He who is devoid of the power to forgive, is devoid of the power to love. - Martin Luther King Jr.
Despite my cynicism about Obama finally coming out in support of marriage equality, I can't deny the fact that it's a really big deal.
Very true RT : The problem with sound advice is it's usually 99% sound and 1% advice.
I read the news today, oh boy.
My fav dc mural is the one you can see to the west from the rhode island metro behind a little shopping center
thanks for my invite....#dick :)
Miami Heat we believe in you #DWade #CBosh #JLebron and team.
Why you so sexy?
the pottery gives you somethign to do while you are looking for work. Just enjoy it.
Happy Friday the 13th, everybody! What’s your biggest superstition?
I wake up calculatin... I go through my day thinkin of ways to get mo... I go to sleep and dream about it... WTF...
Jeff Taylor with the dunk!!!
#Brewers lose. I'm drunk.
Betfair Poker finishing tweet. The program is really rigged it's a joke. Whatever u do don't play.
Big day in the fight for age waivers for students w disabilities in Michigan. has begun talks about changing the rule. LetEmPlay.us
Funny how I hide a lot of things from people when they think everythings ok
We are here to lead you to freedom, if we can do it, so can YOU!
angry birds, dhatsx my s*.!
Hi Terry. I admit I have been rather tardy on Twitter. Will have to change my sin'n ways. Been crazy busy at Intel.
wait have we discussed how that is one of the all-time faves of and I?! Ann Bancroft, FTW. I cry every time.
Researchers like to talk about breaking things, SANS attendees wanna learn about IT security management. 2 diff. subjects
“ “ IOS 5; one step closer to an Android.””
Why is Randy Wolf still in this game?
A year to Election Day. With the current politics, it is going to be a long one.
#mitt can't answer a direct question...maybe something more simple-big mac or whopper?
Screw diamonds! #Brewers are a girls best friend!
I do think it will make them stop and think. But they are not supposed to read anything against their religion, this is a problem
"I want DONUTS. Big, fat donuts. Out on the road, Kent uses 'em for floaties."
It's a cool technology, but until they have an offline Android app, I can't get excited about it.
just wanted to let you know that your an inspiration to people around the world who would wnt 2 b an actor a or an actress!!
Thanks for the RT! We hope you'll be able to join in. :)
God knew that you wouldn't give up him so he put you in a circumstance to where you would decide to either give up or step up
3 hour worship practice and sound check here we come....thx for the herbal tea
Iight bet, tickets copped, what's the dress code?
Just got on the #code4libnw waiting list. Wish I had registered sooner so I could see coders, developers, and librarians unite!
also go get beats from that boy a beast...
*TRAFFIC* Box 5-5 S Washington St & Bank St, SE Balto; Auto accident.
I'll pay money to watch that. My money is on the ramp winning
Wow! Thanks everyone for 4,099 Twitter followers!
lol I swear scrolling through Facebook scares me the majority of the time. what these people post is awful. I'm worried for humans.
Happiness is laughing, dancing and drinking with the big family at a wedding!
RETWEET if ur going to be by Ariana's side no matter what! :)
One last day of looking at microfilm for the dissertation.
is the only one who ever likes the links i post on facebook. he's a quality man. hah
I think has a crush on alexis(:
It would be great if Mayor Kevin Johnson would play in the next NBA All-Star Celebrity game. He used to play for the Phoenix Suns.
Are You Doing Your #1 Job as an Entrepreneur Your skills as an entrepreneur can make the difference between a booming enterprise and clos
Excuse Me Do I Know You
glad someone realize that
Come people support me plz by following me
okay, at like 15 tweets a minute about 'lipstick and thangs' i'm starting to regret following kanye west on twitter
There's nothing that I wanna do, than try and make it up to you
evening kids. Long day on the range, looking forward to quiet time with Mr. Laptop. #amwriting for the next couple hours.
Soo what's up
my condolences lil homie it's shit like that that reminds us what's important
And another congrats to our fellow Wisconsinites on their win against #Vandy 60-57! Good game! good luck in the #Sweet16 boys!
I just sent you a facebook message with the deets. In Paris with AK. It's excellent.
Horrible strike call.
Glad to be one! :)
I've been feeling annoyed all day without a clue as to why.
We still haven't taken off. First a computer problem on board, now we're waiting for Air Force One to land...
My team sucks. I'm happy to have seen 5th...NFBC team though is doin good. And that's what counts because of cash money!!!
Fruits don't belong in desserts. It's so unnatural.
Good morning mermaid fans hope you all slept well!!!
#NERVOUS Come on Caps!!
You can't mask the lower quality chicken in the chicken salad simply by adding more mayonnaise.
I tried to find a youtube clip :/
I CAN'T STOP! It's everywhere
Busy busy day.....love it!
thanks I appreciate the love
Hey you should have landed #airfred on the set of
O. So do the new band members and new music mean a tour soon possibly?
i lost your number; text me!
Happy Thanksgiving to all our friends! Enjoy the Holidays, Your friends at Kells
Breakfast w/ US Ambassador Anthony Wayne in Mexico City re specific issues on San Diego/Baja border & overall benefits of US-Mexico trade.
Good nite folks
You know it! Stay tuned!
-one lump or two? See you both tomorrow!
I think we are no longer talking about the same 'magic carpet' ride....
Err make that my 1st "tweetee"...
what would the tattoo be?
Before you step into that elevator, you must ask yourself: Is this thing raptor-proof? The answer may save your life.
lol yea u
Oh hey twitter.. I have neglected you!
wtf is Brooklyn Bowl?
another ringing endorsement :-) RT : if you lost weight your freshman year at keuka college its bc... keuka puts a large...
Congrats to Texas Ex Aaron Ross for his 2nd Super Bowl Championship!
PROM tonight. Hoping it all goes okay.
Vianne artisan chocolate bars are pure chocolate bars backed with lots of flavor! Each pack comes beautifully wrapped with two bars.
solid move to counter the jazz size.
Keep that provision so that your visitors can social bookmark your website.A large variety of social bookmarking widgets are available.
good morning to you Mr Driver. It 's Milwaukee Day today. 4-14
Yum! Just made roasted curried cauliflower... Amazing!!!!
yess!! it will get there soon enough!
#Gators drop Game 3 to 'Cats 2-1. Still take series.
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes it's possible. Lost items, comments. Follow me. MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality.
RT : We're going to lose this game because of the refs alone..../ridiculous.
This cold weather >>>>>
There is still time to register for Getting Started w/MKE123 *Free* Webinar, tom at 2-3pm. Need more info?Call 344.3933!
There are only 3 rules. I think he can do it!
Week 1: DONE. I have a great feeling about this quarter!! :)
Re homeschooling--did you homeschool yourself through college?
up early grindin weight room then track one week to go till show time number 40 going in
#getwellJustin ! We love you !!
It's cold out there today #Indy stay warm!
#2012 candidate Mitt Romney in #DC next Thursday, October 26 for breakfast fundraiser
Snuggies are riddiculous...until u buy one for 5 bucks.
needs a good bio but I don't like writing about myself.
u got that right! Haha
The Aspen Program for Psychic Development - Everyone is psychic and everyone can improve this innate ability. The Aspen Program has...
"Father of Constitution", James Madison born today in 1751. 261 yrs later, Congress wipes ass daily on the Constitution. Thumbs Up Congress!
It was great to talk to many of you at the Perform Better Summit over the weekend. Happy fitness to all of you!
tats are clean. Not overdone
QUALITY SERVIES R US / GENERAL CONSTRUCTION./ BEST QUALITY.OUTSTANDING SERVICES. JOSLEY 206-504-8042 SEATTLE WA.
Dirty diana
#WhenAustin says "Welcome to Ustream" every friday. :)
FIT2GO MENU OF THE WEEK – This week we have salmon in red sauce, pork in mustard sauce, chicken lasagna and Thai chicken....
I'm not going lol, its until 9 that's too long to be at Stevenson.
Ready to watch this clippers grizz game. Love watching CP3 do his thing besides Nash I'd rather watch no other of in the league
AH THIS FUCKER! I hate my phone
Get better soon, if u can follow me I wanna share my story with u but cant until u follow me. God Bless.
Kiss your kids, love those who love you, invest time on those who invest time in you.
huh 0_o ? Honor your mom and your dad so that your days can be lasted on earth...
It's May! That means summer is pretty much here! Join the 90 day health challenge with me and let's get fit for summer! Message me! EROCK
What sort design were you looking for? We can do album covers.
RT : Of the Magic's 44 baskets tonight, 23 were in the paint and another 15 were threes. Raptors picked both poisons. Oops.
Me too , which one do u attend?? RT : I belong in a mental home..
aw ya I like to hear shit like that
about to. was at the gym for almost 3 hours. Tired as fuck. Need to shower.
Passion says, do it, doubt says, not now. Passion says, try it, worry says I don't have time. Live with passion.
how long before alan realizes im bad at ballet and faking all my arabesques?
I just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by driving away right after I rear-ended someone
Family is what it is all about. I love my family!
com — Matador Juan Jose Padilla says return to ring a dream come true just five months after goring that took his left eye
First time tonight - Loved it Class act - Message was amazing and music is awesome
all I do at work anymore is read email. I wanna weed some books!!
are you sure?
i'm like the only person you know who isn't a stoner
Respect must be earned
You are sexyy
Otherwise, you can reach out directly to Eric Muth, Senior Leisure Sales Manager at .363.8461
Its good to know that there are down to earth rappers such as ... I swear I love this man
Just got another "very nice" comment from a client on their site refresh! Four down, ten to go!
THanks for all your shoutouts!!!
Have your tawdry affairs through freindster. No one will know.
why am I following 1000 people who I couldnt give #2Chainz about
long day of budget hearings. Then meeting with Chappell Elementary LSC to talk GROW47. And finally a meeting with Bell Elementary!
your a little too small to be callin me names im gonna wipe that smirky little grin right off your face
Yes I would die for you baby, but you won't do the same
Thinking about chopping all my hair off..
Tuesday night #QueueBarLounge #lasvegas 9pm-5am come visit & win some money blackjack & video poker bar top
Ah in 24 I trust!!
This movie doesnt seemed so scary :P
On the Texas Eagle after an awesome #chi2012 - Happy National Train Day
yep, just played "dong" against my dad in Words with Friends
I am hoping good news comes from big meeting about my art , will let you know how it goes good or bad !!
It's Opening Day, huzzah! Time to predict what day the Chicago Cubs will be mathematically eliminated. Bwahaha.
going to mothersday dinner
IS SO MUCH COOLER THAN ME.
thank you :)
Dremguy ? Clark kent !
I bottle up my feelings until I can't take it anymore. That's my problem.
He has but it gets hot in FL He lovs his PJ shorts they r soft n comfty I do anything 4 a good day at school :)
Can I get paid millions of dollars to get a five second violation and miss lay ups?
After all the dust has settled, happy to still have 11 of the #sweet16 on my bracket. Including #mubb of course
The friends that you have tons of fun with but can't trust, and the friends who aren't but are trustworthy.
Thanks for the Traffic shout out.
this exam is going to kill me
I can't sleep. OH NO!
Another huge Revel Nightlife announcement! Calvin Harris announces residency at HQ Nightclub & Beach Club this summer. For additional...
way too cute! Friday night looks like a wild time at your house ;)
#DWTS is ma show. I'm so kewl
Happy Easter!
thanks and please tell your friends! We have a new winter drink menu too
Round 2... Deep breath.
#DoritosLocosTacos are amazing. Its on a whole new level.
no, unfortunately!
so the stimulating discussion about a grander issue should just be swept under the rug? Got it..
hello and thanks for following.
"bear attack" is on the brand new 7" we released a few weeks ago
Loved #ssf42nd last night. So much glitter and glitz! Really stunning.
im glad we both where we are now and we didnt let go of each other!
Finished a great book on our family vacation in Hawaii... Self Realization, written by Craig Russell.
uggh losing to the outhouse in the hill.
Can't believe I'll be done with high school a week from today..
The things I miss at work: watching Dr. Oz, why do women (and the 5 men across America) like this show?
Ray Allen to miami?????? lets fucking go
No, I said I COULD use semantics to win this argument, not that I WOULD.
There was bird crap all over my truck this morning. I sat outside and ate a plate of scrambled eggs...just to show them what I'm capable of,
Happy Friday the 13th people! Let's all go watch The Devil Within. :)
There is no such thing as one little sin... Give an inch and it's a guarantee the Devil will take a mile.
bet. if I do go it's gonna be on friday after 7?
If girls with big boobs work at Hooters, then shouldn't people with one leg work at iHop?
If you care enough for a result, you will most certainly attain it. - William James
Jetsons football had real coaches but the players were robots. Something 2 consider? (spacely didn't mind, George loved it)
It's a Good Friday ;)
Fourth of July Weekend in Cape May
"The Cold War is over." -Henry Kissinger on the Colbert Report
Anybody planning on going to the #radiohead show at blossom on June 6?
shooting a PSA with LLS Man of the Year candidate Jeffery Leving
right? People need to calm down. I will girl! Smoke it up, and ill still make it somewhere in life.
"Im on my way to believing"
fell into an early 80s reggae hole (wackie's via basic channel), trying to widen the circle of synth musics. Other suggestions?
there actually is someone named Mike in the book - he's kind of a mad scientist, key member of the bad guys. he isn't BIG, tho!
The fact that schools almost out and I can spend lots of time with Taylor >> .... Except,when he has baseball. Like everyday. Lol
so you got the X? It's a great phone. You'll like it
"And my heart beats/So I can hardly speak"
This thought is finished with the sun.
I hope it's good for Beer! :-)
yes lol im working out
Yup!! No problem! <3
how can they not be real lol
The girls in my modern class (with the exception of about 3) <<<
NO! How do I not remember that? I wish I knew her! ha ha ha
They got Paul Pierce too!!!!
Thanks for the follow ! Have a fabulous day.
neydah. we hope you know you are our oldest fan. You supported us before we even existed :)
Smiles to the Griffs! :)
' Pissed I fell to sleep on the reunion!
Bush 43. But it would be unintentionally funny! RT : Who would be the WORST person to watch host a talk show? Ready...Go!
in one table?
Thanks for the birthday wishes! Can't wait to celebrate this weekend!!!
The one thing I will say is that Axelrod and co will not be left at a disadvantage.
Hah, all that for 25 mph seepd lmt! To the guy revving his motorcycle on Rio Grande Blvd -- sounds like it works to me.
so nice meeting you guys todaay to! We'll get dippin dots again soon.
In other #SportingKC blogger related news, will be taking over "The Daily Wiz."
yeah I know. I'm still trying to figure out what those idiots thinks that accomplishes.
why would that be rude! It really depends on what you are looking for in terms of space.
Thank u RT agreed RT : S/o to for being one kick ass photographer. Someone to look up to!
Hahahah yeah good thing!! I was so mad all day! Skip your games one weekend and come visit
. Great turnout! Thanks to for putting it on & everyone for playing!
about to watch The Nun's Story, on Austin Pendleton's recommendation, following an email chat about Audrey Hepburn.
So much for your attempts to stay out of the 2016 fracas. I knew you couldn't resist.
"Frequency of emails is key" , Alchemy Worx
I wouldn't stop supporting #ows but we need a goal dispite possible divisions
Grats and That was awesome!!!
WOW. Only Jeter could capture the moment like that. #DJ3K Timless moment that Yankee fans will remember forever
brainstorming logo design for L-3's new hottest practice
We orginaly called our product gatorade
Hii beautiful people(:
Yo meet she likes to party and is coming to see you boys on Sunday
my pleasure enjoy your success
RT : "The most important unit going forward is the community." Len Nichols
you'll be really surprised how I looked. I've changed a lot, I had short hair and everything D:
-Very true, but worth it in the end! :)
Tweet us and tell all your friends most creative mention wins you big things :)
Okay, now let's wrap it up Washington and Cleveland, no reason to take the whole 10 minutes
The depth of a person's WISDOM can be seen in the number of people that he or she has positively and permanently affected...
never thought i would google "best reggaeton songs". god help me
call me when u get a chance ok i love u
Sending a "Shout Out" of thanks to Jon O'Brien of MBA for organizing the Social Media Roundtable. Great info presented by the pannel!
got stung by 2 yellow jackets and my bro got bit by a tick what a weekend
4 hours of math is not what I want to do today. Sigh 😔
Save The World by ft. Nindy Kaur has some insane bass to it..I love it!!!
They know what's up. RT : Incredibly, blindly typing "lemticlu derbu" actually garners Kentucky Derby results in Google.
I fucking LOVE #XMenFirstClass!! One of my favorite movies ever!! 🎥
I just arrived... Where are you?
Watching a Kevin Smith question thing with my brother & cousin. Still don't know if we going to the party.
The one time I go for the Celtics, I lose $10
Today I pushed through
yes! I thought it was great! “: Thanks for the advice. Did you catch Million Dollar Listing?”
#SignsYouAreASneakerHead If you have 10 pair of those favorite #Jordans , or whichever your favorite & are still in box not touched
she does look lovely today!!
Hey - Lent is officially over!!! We have got what you have been missing!
Did you pick up a copy of ' Electric Kissing Parties on vinyl in Little Rock? Tweet us a pic!
#askella - Wait, who's Ella? That's a pretty name :)
*sigh* @ unrealistic people .. #rip to most of your expectations ..
Is illegal drinking CROC in the DR, PRESIDENT is the way 2 go.
I have to go get my taxes done... bo! What a waste of a nice Saturday afternoon.
Our attitude should be like that of Jesus, who emptied Himself to serve. Phil 2:3-7
Hey #sgf #417 #springfield! Still time to blow off work, start wknd early, @ get to @ 2:30 today!
Bought a Boylan's sugar cane root beer. It's sort of flat. :\
Practice today..bring your battle gear!!! See you there!!
Thanks n same to you! RT Happy Thanksgiving
u know "Mindless Behavior is taking over" is trending world wide?!!!!!
my bad we was both driving, I'll see you again hopefully
That's the sexiest disease I know. Aside from Ewan Mcgregor-related typhoid.
People change. Memories don't.
I never heard you say effer
Drake && Josh Marathon At My Place :)!
everyday i ask for an update im told the same lil o lie "next week for sure" so who knows the truth :/
RT : Thinking about submitting an EA proposal for 2012 conference? Come see Cynthia Banks in the NAFSA Commons #1017 now
There's always lunch break for sun... AND the sun doesn't set until 7:28 p.m.
Cause u got 1 chance for your 1st dance, SO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THIS SLOW JAM!!
"Roses are red. Violets are blue. Faces like yours belong in the zoo. Don't be mad, I'll be there too. Not in the cage but laughing at you!"
just saw ur post about license. YAY. good luck!
": maybe only Sen paying #studentloan surreal listening to Dem colleagues lecture me on #studentloandebt" so what do you propose?
Going to the movies to see the help with my 2 aunts & cousin tomorrow :).
I wish followed all mahomies! (: my new 11:11 wish tonight! :D
And I take back yesterday's tweet THAT was the most breathtaking sunset I have seen in a LONG time
Hey, Mass. friends, join me in asking to vote against the #Keystone pipeline? Thanks! RT if you agree!
"I wonder if in Europe Miles Davis is known as Kilometer Davis" - Steven Wright
. . Who is #going to the #Milwaukee #Irish #Fest this #weekend? " #Thirst is a #shameless #disease so #here's to a #shameful #cure. "
are you?
Thanks Bruce!
love the ink work you did on where are you located
Sweet!!!! So was there really a meeting at Glendale or just breakfast?lol
HA I didn't go
Now she question if it's real when i say I love you
My light bill was 15 bucks this month. I'm never home
i sleep so much better when my air conditioning is on!
I need to stop gambling with
#oomf is acting like I'm suspect. Seriously!?
Im so bored
FEELS LIKE UM GONE HAVE UH GOOD NIGHT
Haha. That makes me feel better about my liquid intake.
I'm tired of being lied to by government, by the media, & by every corporation I have anything to do with. -L. Neil Smith
congrats you must be excited
yes, and USMC are the men (and women) too!
You're a Babs fan, yes? Have you seen What's Up Doc? Because it's the greatest.
And sleep! Remember sleep? Or not having to rip and run from one place to another with no time to catch your breath?
There is great force hidden in a gentle command. -George Herbert
What do you guys usually play as? I played as soldier in ME2 & 3 (because of the emphasis on action)...
Inspiring words Nikki :) you do a great job keeping your word with your fans...I love that about you among other things <3
HUMANS Locked-Up INHUMANELY by the Millions -- Costing Billions of $$$. USA's Incarceration Rate NOW at HISTORIC-HIGH Rates.
Is Derrick Rose your of the NBA? Will you let Derrick Rose "in the club" also when he wins an NBA title?
1st to Tweet "Worf is Uvenk" wins a Mass Effect 2 prize pack!
#1DdaretodreamUS please one in ny!:)<3
Its on! RT : Just arrived in Vegas. My god!!!!!! My room in the new hard rock cafe tower is just crazy...It gonna be fun
I'm thinking about going bowLINg tonight
Thanks for keeping #Cedarville updated on Twitter, ladies! How did chapel go?
what should we call the fever for ???:)
Whoever reads the last line/has my gratitude./Please give it back.
FSU is balling!!!
I havent mentally prepared for the crazy adventure ahead of me.probably just psych myself out if I did.Am I really doing this?yes, yes I am
I just realized my birthday is 4 months from today!! Yay!!
Coming up in June: Bowling to "Strike Out Child Abuse" June 1 and #Soccer Tournament benefiting VFC June 25-26
heard about you from the radio show
I could really use a booty rub and some more ish right now ... From ;).
Every time I turn a corner down a hotel hallway, I think those twins will appear.
Did you know that there are 6 reasons why you dont need a technical writer? If you cant wait – send a request and receive the full list now
I'm so happy! I just sold almost every banana tree I have! I'm only keeping a few. They take up too much space & aren't attractive.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Happy Birthday and congrats on the fabulous, new space !
It's so hard to stay awake in these long ass classes. 😞
I posted my blog on my Facebook fan page. My follower count was pissing me off lol
Happy hour b4 work flow
