look up the song hold onto the memories on YouTube .. would that be a good one 4 the video?
you wish
Birthday audition...
One of my favorites...
album has been on repeat all night. True musicians.
Interesting RT : Wow! RT : Manicuring the nails has been done by people for more than 4,000 years
Up @ 330 am to fly out - oh memories of 3 am feedings... Oddly good memories.
It's me against the world...
Yay Perla is making one too ;D
Nice! I'll have 2 show my 14yo. She loves photography. Bought her a very expensive camera this past Christmas so she'd pursue it
If it was mining machinery, he was likely in my part of the state. (and likely an enemy of mine. ;) haha)
I've been asked to be the best man for two of my good friends weddings... now all the "When are you settling down?" questions are coming...
Wednesday, do you want to do this the easy way, or the hard way?
Saying happy birthday to my sister enjoy
Bravo FTW as always... \o/
do "retired"nurses count??? :)
both great places. you will love it!
“ I hate the new Twitter for desktop. Dear iThing, I miss you.”..>Agreed!!
#EasterPart2---Easter Represents the 3 A's: Atonement 4 Sin, Allegiance of the Son 2 the Father, & the Almighty triumphing over the Evil 1.
When did Bonzi Wells get released from the witness protection program
Love it!
I Help Everybody Out When Theyre Sad Tell Em Everythings Gunna Be Ok&When Im Depressed It Seems Like I GotNobody 2 TellMeThat,True Friends<3
OK dancing & terrific food. How come no one is posting any twitpics in stream - Don't let me down now!
WHAT?! Travis Birkenstock and Zack Morris in a new TV show together?! Talk about a
When the boys arrived at LAX Niall started singing Party In The USA
you're my favorite mistake.
=) RT Best exp. ever! help ordering exactly what we wanted & help w/ DrawSomething—server deserves an award
‎103 degrees in Phoenix, nice breeze. Did a seven mile run and ready for more! 26 miles in the past four days and lovin' it.
It wasn't anyone's to steal. He just did it better.
AFPW going much much higher! DD is to strong, USAF contract inked and much more to come! AFPW
Sat alone with some guys named Ron Paul and Walter Jones instead.
Abraham Lincoln said: "A universal feeling, whether well or ill-founded, can not be safely disregarded." www.greatamericanhistory.net
I've seen diarrhea more explosive than
Wishing everybody a Happy Thanksgiving.
Printing out some of my old scores from an ancient Macintosh. Sure am glad it booted up & works after all these years.
I think its soo funny when im txting someone and they say "thats so BEAST" Lol.....
wish I had tips for you. I'm in the same boat. Let us know what you learn.
Who are the best liberal bloggers?
Liked the Patient First in CH, but didn't like what I heard. Ugh!
In Press Box at Churchill. This is 1st day in earnest that #APDerby coverage begins. Waiting for to arrive tomorrow.
LSU Tigers gonna drip with crimson blood!
Dont let a "TWEET" hurt your feelings guys . . . . -_-
India Trip Fact #8: There are 35 million orphans in India, 11 million have been abandoned to the street, 20 million are slaves.
Android app + offline access in chrome = awesome! You've got all my notes covered. Now if there were only repeating tasks...
i saw kraftwerk a couple of years ago. it was amazing. my friends and i were completely engrossed.
hope you enjoy it!
Can someone recommend a place to work in Vegas? Quietish with coffee. Wifi not necessary.
Trying not to think about the failed health inspection while I brunch
Hassle-free, Stress-Free Moving & Storage Has Arrived! ALL IN A BOX STORAGE introduces the solution to your storage space and moving needs.
always :) ": #Onewordthatdescribesher Fatal's"
Missed the memo until just now... Congrats on the new job! (sent while chugging Medium Roast Columbian Blend)
IM THE HAPPIEST PERSON ON THE FACE OF THE EARTH
Now through April 1st. Book us for a Wedding Video Services and get Free Photo Services! #INFO #news GrantedAccessFilms.com
lol. The dude had over 2k pairs of jordans. Variant dealers around the world are crying right now.
So excited to return to NYC. Good friends good theatre good food good walking!
Joey Crawford is reffing the Knicks game. Lol might as well pack it in. Nba when I was a kid was the greatest competition in sports.
I might be able to help you in your endeavor
I'd go to bed earlier but I'd rather talk to :) #TeamNoSleep #TilBrooklyn..?
Early morning munches..
“The Iron Lady also won for makeup for Mark Coulier and J
French says, "You can use technology. (And you should)."
Fiona Apple's new CD - The Idler Wheel Is Wiser Than The Driver Of The Screw, And Whipping Cords Will Serve You More Than Ropes Will Ever Do
here! Enjoying your beers!
Sorry, just saw your tweet regarding the power issue.
 follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I <3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!
o ok :-) I actually like paying lol
makes me pull out paddle from my college days ...puts on hard hat to go to work....
Good morning!
Done w/finals.
Oh, honey, this is bad karaoke.
Sometimes you gotta run before you can walk
Solid show
We'll see you soon! :)
Sometimes, people put up walls. Not to keep others out, But to see who cares enough to #Break em
Missing In studio again with only the boys.
After initial bouts of fear and intimidation, find Twitter to be a rich and tense source of ethnographic stimulation. woah.
T.Swift <33333 helps me get through all the heartbreaks
Thanks for the fracking link!
Oakland police is out of controll
honored to have you follow us. It would be really dope if you let your followers know how get down.
thanks for #FF. Back at you!
“: Is that the one on Howell and Chase? #italiancookies #cannoli” yes! It's my neighborhood bakery :)
Prefinished Brazilian Walnut 3/4" x 3" ♥ show your love with an enduring gift this Valentine's Day ♥
When did they stop putting flys in boxer briefs?
Come on grizzlies
The only thing I'm worried about is that I have to go to Downtown LA tomorrow morning. Anybody have any idea how fast/slow the 10 can be?
don't be excited :( I'm gonna miss you!!
Yes, its was for the Tigers Foundation. Awesome cause and awesome evening!
Heading out, hittin' trails... should be nice and muddy!
thanks for talking to our class tonight! definitely great to know that there are information-y job opportunities in sustainable building.
Unfortunately, Minal, these kinds of stories are too common when it comes to women employees
I can't wait till summer, Shorts, Swimsuits, Snapbacks<3
ZOMG. I think we can fix this
thanks for the mention guys!
so bored idk wat to do
When I die you be last on my mind
I Don't Really Care what people say or think about ...just know what i say or think is what really matters
Frozen pizza and movies. So nice just having a chill night.
Expect some home runs in this Yankees-Orioles 2 game series.. O's have 56, Yanks have 53, and Nova has given up 8 this year.
Powwow today, and YMCA free event. There's fun to be had!
whoa! 12 sales left till we reach 1000 sales on Etsy.. Its giveaway time!
All that party needs is some Blasts.
got your 45 in the mail today...really digging it! Thanks again!!
When is Romney going to file for his managed moral bankruptcy? It's way over due.
I've never heard of German. Never. Who is this phenomenal athlete Wash? I don't see him.
why you unfollow me? :(
Could really go for a slurpee right now.
Positive thoughts create happiness. You create your own experience by the way you choose to 'be' ~ Melinda Hutchings
Living in #Milwaukee can be depressing at times...I wonder if my peers ever want more for themselves than living the "thug life".
Any discussion of actually building / DHHub? Or is it still in the "that would be nice" stage?
Why does my hair shed soo much #ithinkimpartcat 🐱🐯
- Happy Birthday Daddy ....
are you coming back???
Hiya doll! Just leaving, but was going to call you later today - you up for a catch up chat?
Couple with extreme PDA on the el. Come on, this isn't Risky Business...
thanks for the bday wishes Rich! How is everything??
I need a crib a big estate, I need a boat and it needs a lake, I need some salmon and that need a plate, that need a chef so I feed my safe
definitely. I will informed on anything and everything.
Wake up Davey! Henry Rodriguez has no business being our closer. NO CONTROL. WHATSOEVER. PERIOD.
Well that would be wack if you left it private...
yeah. Me & are sippin on emergen-c! ; )
whoa easy wit that lol
Reading Stephen Hawkins's biography....awesome
You all should also stick around downtown for Waterfire tonight. The ladies and gents of PRD get to light the bonfires tonight!
As u said,
Okay i know im ugly so you need to quit tell me that every single day just to make yourself feel better about yourself!
Big tweet spike to start the grammys. Nearly 12 thousand tweets per minute with the #grammys hashtag.
Feedback on ? We're enthusiastically & gratefully listening. Email me?
handle ur business
I wanna marry him :)
It's a beautiful day, make the best of it. Love and Light
I am trying so hard to find Ashton Kutcher attractive but I just can't do it :(
Your words are my food, your breath my wine
Lmao the only person I can't argue lmao
I know bro ! Lol we finna kick it...
Still in the states, but heading to Zagreb fairly soon.
loved watching you last night on the show. You always seem to make me laugh.
I bleed Orange. This team will find game again!
I'm 8 away from 5k. My brother passed 50k a while ago. Apparently we don't tweet that much.
You go girl!
Too bad I don't give a Damn.
Dr. Klein: "we need more porn literacy. Whether we like it or not. It's not a documentary, it's fiction."
So today was Certification Testing Day. I passed the #EMC VSE & the Virtualized Infrastructure Specialist Exam for Cloud Architects
<-Loves a good Sat. strolling around the streets of NY W/coffee on hand! How are you friends of the world? Let us know your weekend rituals!
would love to have you on the show to give Olympic karate athletes tips on sweeping the leg!
Hey wats up all twitter lovers!!!!!!!!!!!
I wont use my period as an excuse for being rude. But I am really grumpy. #sorry :(
If you're drinking, don't drive....don't even putt.
just got on twitter..yeah
exactly who gives a shit at least you can guess the answer with multiple choose haha
Tin•Box of Curious Artifacts is Hitting #EchoPark this weekend and We're Excited as all Hell
this isn't 11 years ago
Crap.... Smoke & Newman are not doing well today....Race isn't over yet, but not looking good!
Hey all you tri-athletes, what races do you plan to sign up for this year?
swamped swamped swamped with grad school work. but consistently procrastinating on facebook :)
RT : Love a woman with Beauty and brains”
I think youre making me hungry!
u hatin on cutler?
I thought you were different.
Far away
“: At least once a day in New York, I'm struck by how much I LOVE it here :)” that's great!
Often we're like Max; we only want to hear someone say "I would have done something about your pain." #NowWatching Where the Wild Things Are
Rangers poised to win against the Caps? Somber? What a game last night! Phoenix game was pretty amazing too.Non-stop action!
Thanks for the Outsiders link
RT : Don't miss on Fox5 tomorrow morning, 9:25 talking #fallweddingtrends from the new
Anybody from here for #sxsw12 ?
Already eaten 2 bars of chocolate by 9:20am. No wonder I have had super heartburn but you know its how I roll. Friday means fries for lunch
Just went for that late night 4th meal wit #doritoslocostacos ri-dam-diculous ah!
Extras Needed! Gordon Pictures Christian Movie "Without A Father" If you are willing to help us please call Shamika at 210-300-1434.
and and I LOVE #RINGER we need to Bring Ringer Back
what is SubGenius?!?
great first tweet! I'm hooked. :)
Shop in Bellevue is Kid Friendly need to know how many other Kid Friendly (Play area) Shops you have in Puget Sound?
can you follow me back please??:):)
I used to watch that show all the time :3 and yes, yes I did call you a douche
#newspaces4learning theory into practice
Fixing 's roots, and then doing some colours in her hair.
When sws comes on idk I get really excited
thank you, I will tell her! :)
We don't unfortunately, it just changes too often. Anything in particular you're looking for (dinner, appys?)
Some guy on RNG kinna reminded me of Vinny.. the way he danced.
is wondering what I am doing here.
Thanks for spreading the word about Our Hero, gentlemen.
Smh Second night in a row!
Omg I Forgot to DM him, But If I Do I'll probly Fall Asleep On HIm,lol ;).
Complete bathroom makeover including new tub, pedestal lav, toilet, ceramic tile surround, floor, and paint, starting at $3995 w/references
what's that? 😒
Houston tomorrow, gotta get up really early...goodnight :)
o wow lmao
": 18 away from 50,000 followers!!! I am humbled! Thank u all!!! #HardBodyRefs" lemme help you out a bit buddy!
In Mr.Mcmanus class reallllyy bored, this dude doesn't teach us anything.
then get one...
SHOW ! ! August 21st with These Hearts (victory records) at Cobalt Cafe in LA.
I note that the Komen website has been down all day.
Follow he's awesome !!
That Time cover also doesn't help anyone ELSE become more comfortable with something as natural as a child nursing. Very annoyed over this.
"I am opposed to the yielding of an inch of United States territory." Charles Warren Fairbanks, born on this day in 1852. VP under TR.
I really hate being sick! Allergies suck! I can not get rid of this natsy cough!
Stop. Lift your shoulders. Roll them back. Now, arch your back and lift your heart. Breathe.
Aj Green 4 gm susp! If NCAA wants kids to be forthcoming then don't crucify them when they make mistakes..2 gms was good
agreed! #processlearning #dml2012 it's the journey as much as the temporary destination
Definitely, keep the quality. Do you plan to create a contest/campaign with your videos? B/c there is potential.
It's the kind of day when the only thing you can do right is make a ton of custom boxes for re-housing. Fun!
A Norwich Terrier. If she gets the boy, she's naming him Chester ha. We'll have him by the beginning of August so you can meet :)
I enjoy the fact that no one feels the need to keep Los Angeles weird.
Today is going to be a good day. #determined 😊💛☀🌻
Heroes get remembered but these Crystal Head shots will never die
I need a vacation lets go!!✌
I'm picking you up!
where do i find friends. more followers.
Here we go boys!
In the women's defense sometimes you do have a point and we men refuse to acknowledge it.
So now this asshole decides he wants to be in a relationship are you fucking kidding me?!
really?and who made the rich people(the same folks who think its a crime to help any1) ghetto analyst?
Boyfriend has surprise date planned after an amazing dinner and drinks with friends
um ?!?!?!?! where are you!! :( i miss my bestfriend i haven't talked to him in forever <3
I'm really loving the way it feels outside. <3
Had a dream that included the line "Oh shit, here come David Bowie's aliens..." And then they came. And the were very bad.
We get paid better than that up here in New Yawk ;)
FYI, Casper Ware of #LBSU withdrew from the Portsmouth before it even began.
#MLGAnaheim sc2 player passes sold out! Where can we find the wait list for others?
I do not need a job: D I'm a student.
Enjoying my day off!
Hey Papa Ron! hope you are having a good time!
trick r treat looks awesome
I figured that might chime in b4 me. I'm a bit more forgiving. I expect the no-auto rule will take years 2 sink in.
The computer in the ILA lounge is apparently launching soon, death of the space program be damned.
That would be a theaterror.
no i drove ! it was 8 hours . and yeah i did (: we go to iowa in 3 weeks .
She'll be 2 8/1. I'm thinking she's too young to determine any of this but I'm noticing things early I think.
"Failure only exists in the present tense. Why are you giving it oxygen?" via // That just blew my mind!!!
He'll stop giggling if you smack him real hard along side the head.
yea my pops took some pics of me.. I will post them on here an instagram when he send them to me
Aout hit the road for our national tour. Keep a look out!!!
THANKS, GIRL. TRY NOT BEING A POON, MAYBE? =)
this is great:-)
and killed 5 hookers while at SMU. RT Skinny Charles Barkley is down to eating just three strippers a week.
Thanks lady friend! It's going around. Take that Vitamin C!
I WANT TO KILL YOU ALL.
Better #Golf Thru #Hypnotism? - 2 couples play golf together regularly @ their club, & on the... Read punch line @ www.ICUGolfStories.com
remember the song! Lol i whip my hair back and forth!
I'm so lame. I cried the first time I played #Boyfriend. it's so unbelievably amazing, YOU'RE so unbelievably amazing.
Yes He will hide us in His tabernacle!
Good discussion with folks from Indiana University of PA last night: wireless, virtual apps, lms support, & more. Thanks!
If curling is an olympic sport, it's only a matter of time before kickball is too. Go for gold today at www.kickball.com/orbridgetown
I wish I could just be in his arms because we both want it but I know that will never happen cuz he wants everyone but me ...
Haha. I didn't do it. I'm such a clown in school, I hardly do ANYTHING. Haha.
Hello, how are you doing? ^_^
I just saw RT me for my b.day ahh!..my fav. I didn't think he or the guys did. :-) woohoo! :-)
Halfway done with grad school
Giving my son his first manicure... those little nails have been tearing his presh face up!
Celebrated Mother's Day w/ Mom last night at Benvenuto's Italian Grill in Oshkosh. At Burke's Lakeside in Oconomowoc today to see Grandma.
I M 2 6 C 4 U Like if you understand this message. :)
Friday cocktails at your house right? ;)
I remember when baccis came to me with their large pizza slices and knock off pops! now i would have to find one to go to them.
Denver! DEnvER !!! DENVER !!!! !!!!! Plz make it speedy gonzales style:$
Who thinks the Red Sox will get swept this weekend?! It all starts with a bashing of
pillow fight is hilarious to watch.
You're the man, Kevin. Thanks for spreading the word!
hells yeah! I Won 's new Cd Too Cool To Care On the radio when it wasn't even out yet. Uh! Suck that Bitches!
For the first time since 1945 I saw in my timeline...
Love that piece 'Apparition de l'Eglise éternelle' - it's like a glacier or some other huge, moving form.
Can't wait to watch Two and a Half Men premiere tonight!
you such a lier !!!
we are looking at early May. We will keep you updated and hope to see you soon!
I would go back to school to play ball if that were the case
Just so fresh, so clean.
After a full night of charging and only 2 hrs off the plug, my phone is down to 44% battery. Guess holding out for "iPhone 5" is over. :(
Great to meet on the set!
Every time I touch this collection it gets more and more confusing. How does this happen?
Screw that stop being a softy 😡 lol get mad again!
*Nerd guys phone rings* Jock: "Who was that, your girlfriend?" *Everyone laughs* Nerd: "Nope, it was yours." *Dead silence*
Dude. This morning is insane
Yay! So happy for you both!
RT I had an active life, until some idiot came along and introduced me to Twitter.// It's hard to Tweet and run.
I think your a good singer but it seems as though you jealous of people that are more famous that u be happy 4 them don't hate
At media day. Very cool!
don't forget... wearing a dearth vader mask with mean joe green filming it on a droid.
Exactly what we're shooting for! RT : I've got one! It tastes just like oreos.
Editing vocals editing vocals editing vocals yep editing vocals....... Sarah is sounding killer :-)!!!!
My DH's minor plumbing repairs inevitably required calling in the plumber after. :)
we here!
california raisins keep me feelin jamaican
President's Day.... SHOPPING SALE EVERYWHERE!!!! xD
Ask 2000 learning professionals who is in love with their lms, nobody is apparently
All of us gripe/complain about how bad our lives are, I'm even guilty of this. But realize that ur life isnt as bad as others.
I was referring to my own pressure on the unsuspecting-but-accustomed
and reactivated?
I need to lose weight :/
who wouldn't like our fun, colourful northern neighbor, eh? I have no idea what that's all aboot.
Who has been to the provence of Ratanakiri in Cambodia? Amazing part of the world whose people need our help.
Artist Lucian Freud leaves $156 million in will: paper | Insurance for ...
maybe I should, you know, get out of bed and start my day.
i know but im getting al these injuries
Promise yourself to be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind. Christian D. Larson
The first 100 Ranchhands are registered (actually 105 now) for summer. Makenna from San Diego County was number 100. Yeehaw!
Just saw two homeless guys sitting in front of a now hiring sign... Uh hello?!
You can't say that with all the sincerity in the world and still believe that.. Stop lying to yourself sweetheart :P
RT"Caps fans who spent$250 for tix tonight so far only pd $2.29 for each in-game minute.” should've charged more for ur tix!
Thats the plan. #damntherudefees : well maybe tonight then
Listening to people talk about the mcat and dat. Seriously makes me want to throw up.
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 11
Human Victory: you reach your end as a true Leader w/o a Title, knowing that the great deeds you did will endure long after your death and
Bill Clinton
I don't trust anyone who uses "Dr." on their website and doesn't mention where they went to school or what their terminal degree is in.
"I remember my mother's prayers and they have always followed me. They have clung to me all my life." - Abraham Lincoln
Can't wait to get outta here & enjoy my day !!
Marcum is becoming fascinated with business models for digital projects; libraries need to caretake scholars' digital work.
Boston loves what you do man! Keep up the good work!! Follow us back?
HOW WAS IT :D
New books I liked: The Patagonian Hare, by Claude Lanzmann, Deformation Zone, by McSweeney&Goransson, The Sensualist by Daniel Torday
Re-reading Freckles by Gene Stratton-Porter after seeing 1925 Keeper of Bees - it's an amazing collection!
web design is tedious...
Cody Jasper was considered a childhood prodigy in the guitar! CodyJasper.com
I ordered a wrong screen for my net book and it's still sitting here lol not enough time
need a new vocal mic. any suggestions?
yes, i just need to talk to any of them about tonight. it really sucks!
The only time success comes before work is in the dictionary
And even then, that's probably more of an ethical thing than anything legal, but I'm not an expert.
suddenly, Alex Jones is credible?
What a freaking day ....
The air conditioning has broken so we get the true sense of what it's like working in a restaurant! Phew!
yeah you do. Like ASAP. Do you have a fake yet? Lol
": #Gemini Woman: You want a guy to sweep you off your feet, but he's got to be interesting. When bored, you take off."
Just want to give a shout out to SDSU and UCSD. We love working with you!
Yikes! I'm trying to think back to which buses I took on Friday. I know I at least took the 54 in the evening! :-(
Awesome. I debated whether to cover LaTex but decided against it for my class - I'm stoked to hear it's being taught in yours.
Mother Trucker DC Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
“: Seeing Diana Ross tonight at the Legendary! #PalaceLegends” (We're so excited about tonight's show!!!)
Watching a baby story with my aunt... Who's in that baby wanting phase.. Slay me please
"I can't imagine a man really enjoying a book and reading it only once." C.S. Lewis
Trust me, I'm working on it!
Thank You
No matter what kind of day I'm having, Gavin always smiles and laughs, and that makes the day perfect
Bumpin Grieves - 88 keys and counting : cant wait to see you guys again. illness
You can dis on Breathe Carolina, but that's okay. Cause they don't give a fuck. :)
R.A. Long-Mark Morris softball is rained out for today.
Nice, a Hello Kitty Bridal store! How cool!
Happy Friday from Everybody Deserves Music! Thanks for the follow : )
I was driving and saw a puppy stuck in a fence so I pulled over and helped him, took him home & feed him then gave him back to his owner
G that is so true doe rt : Soldiers Can Sometimes Make Decisions That Are Smarter Than The Orders They've Been Given.
I recognize my limits but when I look around I realise I am not living exactly in a world of giants.
i called yo fool ass yesterday i had the car
and with Gardner, I meant his multiple intelligence idea, tailoring delivery of info to diff stu needs
yeah I blocked a shit ton of those jobbers
Just got to the Pocono Raceway for TOUGH MUDDER!
We got to witness a Jonesy HOME RUN in person today!!! Wooohooo!! :D
(facepalm) RT Shame on you man Take your weird shit out on someone else before you get into Godwin's law territory Nitpicky jerk
Last nights show at the money was awesome thanks to all our fans for your support
So Pissed! MT : some creep snatched cash box from J&L Farms at Petworth farmers market today while I bought eggs from them.
ugh I'm jealous ...
your welcome strip
Good tip! I've been meaning to spend more time there anyway!
"Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable." - George Bernard Shaw
good one hahaha I am literally LOLing right now
You know you've got a bad haircut when you've already gone bad once to get it fixed and you still have to take your own scissors to it!
follow back? ;)
hm... I wonder where you're getting all this energy..??? 😏
Today I learned is a terrible speller.
Another stress free, work enabled day...keep em coming universe, keep em coming
park ranger > mailman though
Just over 8 days until I head to the beach and 13 days until I start work at Universal!!
Don't I know it!
Sadly there wasn't a horse named " what are you wearing"
im in bed to
Just finished a great spinach salad.
is "re" LAT preferred? Opposite at NYT. Wapo uses both!
good luck, gotta go!
Must lose that weight so I can breathe, when I take a walk up the steps. So to cardio & weights I turn, with just a few footsteps.
Brother Bear with my grandma. Good times. (:
Best day ever(:
How about hitting the Fuji for lunch today and taking a bottle of our famous salad dressing home with you?
oh, I saw you.
ill be home soon bestiie! Thursday almost here.!
.____. I'm like bored and amused at the same time
Not happy with this am. compared their price with competition and came back to order, price went to same as competition up $30
Rep Abrams: "We (GA) have disconnected what edu is from what it delivers."
Janet Jackson announced on this day in 1984 that she and James DeBarge were married. Mom & Dad: Surprise!
well ballsack. That's fine. What time do you have to eat
Can we start a music revolution!?!
": Don't count the days, make the days count..." So not true in the last stretch of senior year. Definitely counting the days.
you at TALL MAN?
So Michael's is on fire...
when the effe Did she get red hair!!!!
We reduced shipping prices at our online merch store! Order now and we'll throw in a special little something! flighttoathena.bigcartel.com
I Wish She Would Just Shut The Fuck UP!!! Hoe.
Keep my husband's dirty paws off of her!
my love for u that's what's good :-)
Is going to the y
little sisters are good for something huh?!
This should be very interesting. Not to mention our wedding is his 4th birthday lol
Jake Gordon is definitely a hottie!
If you want something amazing in life, chase after it, and dont hold back.
Fabulous RT, yes?
Good morning from Fort Wayne. Busy week ending with Conference. Plus I have to present on Friday.
I can't stop laughing at tweets from My coworkers are going to think I'm crazy.
I'm at the mall and out of control.
June 7th does not work for me... I dnt get there til the 8th! Ha
Well your prayers are appreciated!! But I don know what to say to Claire.. Her mom died 1 month ago.. She needs her right now
Independence Day Bash at SUITE TONIGHT July 3rd with DJ Quadi
I love you all!!!! Happy Valentines Day!!
oh ok are you going?
Mike D'Antoni is out! Beginning of the end for the Knicks? Or time to turn things around? Send us your questions for the show tonight!!
i miss and oddly enough lil attitude she has towards me lol
that college dating video is now the hi light of my life. Can I buy a copy?
my sweet 16!
josh smith = beast4lyfe
If you can shop for 2 hours at the dollar store and only end up spending 2 dollars, that's just fucking impressive. # getthefuckoutofhere
Work is the best. Can't get enough of it. I wish I was working right now.
Does Mitt Romney tie a dolphin to the roof of his yacht?
10 days at the beach house! Jealous! Huh huh huh?
Anti-piracy, co-op play and their fancy in-game item store.
My dreams included shopping for a motorcycle. dirtbike/street conversion. I was really excited about it.
Club Sirius was dope may have a gig there soon we'll see. Have a good night & safe everyone!
Love Monk's Blood!
My son actually asked me to help/show him some things on his drum set tonight. Maybe we're making some progress!
Good Afternoon Everyone! Neither of us went to School ～Tisha
He's only an hour away, yet it seems so far right now...
Woman, don't you eat when I order you not to. You disappoint me.
Finally watched Girls. Currently relate to the storyline of the least attractive one. Want to sleep forever.
PickUpLine: Do you have a map? I just keep on getting lost in your eyes.
No truer words spoken RT : Writing when you don't feel like it is HARD.
Good morning!
well then I know if I ever run for Mayor I guess you will like me.
I find the movie "Planes, Trains & Automobiles" way too amusing... So much to relate to
#Caps, biggest bandwagon south of Boston?
": Bears: Michael Bush could be perfect complement to Matt Forte" You spelled "replacement" wrong
ain't that the truth..
Ha. Enjoy yourself. Bring some good stuff back so I can try them when I crash at your place next time I'm in Dayton. lol
Yep I Am Now....Officially....FOURTEEN!!(:
Boyd Or Pentagon Wars
so where r u
Techpeeps: I have over a hundred articles on the docket for my thesis paper, want to save/read/work via cloud. Have we such a creature?
Speaking of which, how has nobody mention THE DENTIST?
that's what I'm talkin about!
Soo, Theres still a chance that is still online? Maybe he'll see this and tweet back? Lol <3
2 top firsts, first place, high point, and an invite to nyc! I'll take it !
No prob, Tim. Near hydepark. Downtown office soon. Growing every day in entrepreneurship. It's never as glamorous as it sounds. ;)
a whole tree of them? yes, for all i know.
YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL , TE AMO
The longest place name in Ireland is Muckanaghederdauhaulia, in County Galway. What's the longest place name you've heard of?
Power just dipped here at Alumni Hall, with a "bang" noise in the distance. Transformer blown? Good thing batteries in our UPSs are fresh.
Laying by the fire alternating between work and homework. There's no need to change out of my PJs today right?
I love you
The Man Who Can't Be Moved.
Bringing home some DPLA temporary tattoos for Simmons GSLIS web cast watchers -- cause I know wants one!
OKC wins v. Blazers! 111-107 final. Crazy game!
I'm sure. Typical.
IT'S OFFICIAL. WE WILL BE MARRIED
and today was the day i discovered i'm a $5 cab ride away from an h&m... oh dear.
yup. I've had mine done for almost a year, and it took mine like 6 months to fully heal.
i thought you were really tlken about "Jesus" for a sec.
Thanks for cluing me in.
RT : Believe you can and anything is possible. No one else possesses the unique traits that make up YOU.
why is that?
Wish I could go watch Warrior Dash today. Especially when Ms. B is up. She's a teacher at my school that thought it was just running.
Having a hard time figuring out what I want for my birthday... Yeah, strange, I know... Moms wants my wishlist...
I'll totally share #WTFPlaylist before I leave! And I will listen to it in the order you suggested, promising proper chaos.
I want a relationship wit no sex for a while. Sex be messin up shit.
Idc where I'm going as long as I'm with.. Cuz uk what I trust u
Chill mode enjoying the Sunday night watching the lakers game
So, I missed all the Aussie action last night.
hey kevin. living in Omaha but NB/FR was my playground for 30+ years. Following people on Twitter and noticed where you were from.
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME.. PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD.. I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS.
Be a facilitator of learning.
Dex: I live for two reasons. (1) I was born. (2) I haven't died yet.
Cheers to you!
Late at Elate - Late Night Menu - organic bottle service and cocktail list - Live DJ & Jazz musicians playing 9:30p-1:00a
So we gt a half day tomorrow... Who wants to hang afterschool???
In community mapping, you only need one GIS geek per 100,000 citizens. Just like one digital farm and farmer to feed 100,000.
Go to www.threesquaresgreetings.com to check out our beautiful holiday cards.
Hi Jeannie, we're interested! Shoot us an email to tell us more: team(at)balbusspeech.com
San Diego get to mayweather/mosley, the pheromones!
thanks for the love!!
I didn't go out of state till third grade
For they are yet ear-kissing arguments.
Blue Man Group is at the Landmark Theater in #RVA tonight,Sat. & Sun. If you want to have a fun night out,you should go
:-) That was most definitely a S/O to you!!
they not winning the championship this year
Josh Reddick is batting third? I love the guy, but wow.. that lineup is hurtin...
do i like Selena Gomez? Yes. Do I also like Demi Lovato? Yes. get the fuck over yourselves they got over whatever issue they went through.
u on Conley?
OMG #NewYorkAndCompany on 58th and Lex has pants on sale for $10 they also have buy one get one free on all pants!
Everyone on the blue line looks like a fucking miserable ninja this morning.
just for you, it can count
really??? What concert?
Bar none I have the world's greatest parents. I love so much. So I am going to take them out today.
oh but he is
Lol!! No! her song is saying "You are here, You never abandon me" but her English version is different(x I gotta lend you the cd!
Ah, the joys of a well-made cocktail... @ the Ravens club in Ann Arbor
took a look at ur site (nice!) Its privately hosted. OK, is this a youtube video u want to embed?
:P that sucks. I'm in french4 now and it's hard:/ I'm thinking of dropping it for some robotic courses
Looking forward to the #Curacao Rum party tonight in NYC!
No problem my man
yeah is def drinking Miller Lite.
Niners seemed to do just fine with new players and an entirely new coaching staff.
#NZWineDay dish #1--Crab meat in spicey mayo, seasoned with pepper. Stay tuned with #NZWineDay for the perfect wine pairing for this dish.
So you're rooting for the Celtics to do away with Philly quickly? Bosh needs to rest. Let that be a long series.
I wonder if would ever start doing the show as a Bori show..... but I'm good with Bade...
Rules threaten the imagination and the imagination threatens the rules.
This weekend is loaded with business meetings! Rally, investor meeting, and graphical work with Josh! Big things crackin.
Facebook really has a way sometimes of intensifying my jealous tendencies.
The apartment market in Bucktown and Wicker Park is very tight, with low vacancy rates. Be prepared to act quickly.
well i hope you have fun stay in touch ok :-) either hit me up here or my fan mail either one i always reply. :-) buenas
your welcome!! :D
writing ruby after a lot of Haskell, I see that ruby really can be a thinking > coding language, I'm just not sure rails encourages this
Iron man <3
Agreed. I'm glad no one gives a crap about my band. No pressure. Ha ha.
said f*** Memphis lol I swear she made my morning/afternoon
Joyce Appleby: everything you learned in college is an answer to someone's question
lol only if u want it to b :)
Thank you!!! Yes I love that song/track!! My favorite!!
Bout to pass out in this class already 💤
SAY IT AGAIN!!!! HHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAH
#OpenAccess to academic journals is perfect test case for IP activism
really? I swear Texans have MAJOR style..glamorai, sea of shoes...
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 9
Sit back and smell the roses, life's too short to be trippin over dumb shit
Looks like an indoor day. Was hoping to golf.
I've never used it. A friend in NOLA sent me the info.
she never shares with me
RT : The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra. ~ Jimmy Johnson
Thinking of starting your own part-time business - sell Soap Guy products! Call Jeff at 312-320-5862!
Thanks Jade! Congratulations on making it to step 9... Let me know if I can help you in any way.
It's pretty awesome how much comes across. Just did one recently. Audio was messed up a bit, and basic border didn't come through.
i happen tuh feel very much left out of my crew cuz my mom wud not let me be in it which is so ugly ....I DO NOT LIKE YOU MOM!!!!
I love you Andy.
Back! With a nice new phone! What did I miss?
Going to Gaga's Workshop x Barneys today :)
Lol oh okay, carry on then.
I just want a fucking snowcone.
I want to hear new production & new beats, where I can't tell what PROGRAM or KEYBOARD you got your sounds from. How'bout that?
We're the only preschool designed for children with allergies & asthma allowing children to learn in a safe environment.
Thanks for your support! :-D
RT : Packers killing it in the draft. Ted Thompson doing work.
I'm looking too :) RT : Who's selling a Vespa? Or similar motorized transportation vehicle?
will you come to Ohio to visit me and Dylan?(:
RT : Pleasure was all mine. Let's do it again soon. --> indeed. Emails to follow.
workout at belmont university. good luck in the dance!
-well of course not! ;)
Yup. We've specialized in this video style for 8+ years now. SunPop = S.hooting UN.scripted P.roductions O.f P.eople
I don't mind if you smoke weed. But if you addicted to that shit, its a turn off.
Ignite : Michael Riordan: "We took the energy of youth...and the way things are going now, it's students driving the change"
How many of you pay your telecoms bills without looking at the detail..unless its above the expected amount?
God I hope so! B)
TWITTER THURSDAYS IS GOING TO BE CRAZY THIS WEEK DONT FORGET TO BE THERE FOR 50 CENT DRINKS & LADIES ARE FREE UNTIL 1030 ! GET THERE EARLY
I'll be in LAX/El Segundo next week for a doc film I'm Co-producing. Prob very busy this shoot, but might come early on next shoot
#HoodFebreezeScents Fried Chicken just coming out the frying pan
come back!
Back at it the board is officially back online .....These niggas talkin bout beat we got em❕❕❕❕me maintaining is about to payoff .....WATCH
Figured out? Not a chance. Working on it though.
Im gone shoot a rap video with my samsung galaxy note lol
Check out our open houses this
Tweet me what state or country u guyz live in then I'll tweet the one I live in.(: lol (:
hahaha it's crazy how many ppl stared at me! Wouldn't happen in SF...
Check out today's article in the metro section of the plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate Cleve Clerk Court
This Friday is our first Let's Talk About it: New Conversations on the #Holocaust series feat. Hagy Belzberg. 12pm. BYO lunch and learn!
Don't know what to tweet.
NBA playoffs this is what men with inflated egos and bloated contracts do.
You can visit again and bring her! RT Wishing was with me. I enjoy sharing awesome things with her (:
I use to live in boston, that's my 2nd home. I love the
So true. Sometimes I look at the workouts and say, "NFW". I don't complain though.
Just watched a guy drop his fruit cup before having his first bite. Not a great way to start the day.
I don't get why people put their whole lives story on Facebook, like no one wants to know.
great D in the end zone by #Rampage turns into an upwind goal. PHI answers w/ goal. #Spinners up 12-6.
What's all happening.
Dinner on the ocean
- A very belated thank you for the #FF. Very much appreciated
Follow now,!
Students! Give us a shout out!!!!!!!!! Then be the 1st to show your post to the DellU rep on your campus for a prize!
Formal Fashion Alert...resurgence of the classic black tuxedo bow tie. This was shown to be prominent at the Oscars last night.
Yeah, Tyrod is nice wrinkle and the TE's are big and decent
Mike's cat claws are out. I win.
YESS SHE'S DOING LOVE GAME I DONT CARE IM GOING EVERYDAY
nashville auditions for the runway
LOL...yes, plus-size women come in handy! We tryna feed yo' skinny ass!! :-)
Goodmorning all.....what's planned for today???
I love to see a message like personal integrity stick to the ribs of our young people tonight! Acts 16:
It did! Thanks so much.
Seeing #planetoftheapes with Papa Dukes. Who's seen it already? Any good?
haha it was a good throw if I don't say so myself
“A brand is a set of differentiating promises that link a product to its customers.” Stuart Agres
oh yes!
..i think he still waitin' on my answer.
thanks to all the awesome teachers, TAs and volunteers at #railsbridge you all rock!! much love
Merry Holidays Mahomies :) Have an awesome weekend :) x
hahaha not funny
me too!
“: Thing that will make me stop following businesses on Twitter: Repeated postings, Repeated links to blog articles" / I'm with you!
According to this AM, red wine makes you healthier & beer makes you smarter...drink up, folks! It's FRIDAY!
Your face would look better between my legs.
Ok I need that penny copper hoody you had on...where did u get that? I need one!
You should know by now that Twitter is the worst place for spin-free discussions. Post-session beers are in order.
Cheer up Lil emo kids! Life hasn't even begun to start Fucking you yet. Save some whining for later.
The boy is quite accustomed to elegance; he deserves nothing less... xx... lp ~ Have a magnificent weekend!
More precisely, not unintelligible, but reflection of what editor thought key point. In which case, why use primary sources?
I think produced Ric Flair?
New phrase for me today "dress code integration."
Val Goes Virtual Kisses!
Archives partners: As fire folo, we will RT links about ex-industrial sites in Kensington/other neighborhoods - just mention
Waking up and enjoying a full cup of warm water. Settles the appetite nicely. Peaceful.
Bribing students is the Cartmenez way!
dm me about sundance. Please cisco...
I just put up a sign in my house saying BABE RUTH alive with Free agent availability LOL
CicLAvia created an open space within the nation’s densest urban area that was four-times longer than New Yorks Central Park.
But awful execution.
Yeah that sh*t is weak...
I think your cheese slid of your cracker girl lol
love your comments.
And a highlight of #dhcs2011 yesterday: furtive self-consciousness about devices when Stafford talked about attention
new greys anatomy tonight!! :) yay!.. ;p
Aw, poor baby. I hope you feel better soon!
Before I die, I want to cross ____________ off of my bucket list.
Man this apple good af so juicy just how I like it 😝
I guess I should tweet more often. Tomorrow getting in some me time!
Always my pleasure Andy; have a great evening. RT : Thank you kind sir.
I'll let you know once my trust fund cashes out.
“: favorite person of the day?! This is sure a compliment I will remember as long as I can!#loveyou” we love U
RT : A3b: Survivor will not know how to find help with grieving & support from others who are also on this unwelcomed journey
If the aroma of onions & garlic weren't amazing on their own, add in ginger and jalapeno.....so good. Can't wait for dinner to be ready!
When you felt sick today, I died inside, I can't bear to see you feel bad..</3
Now I can't sleep and I have finals tomorrow.
I don't care for Cedric's afterlife choices.
I beat to work.
Great day,,, worked out, made money, had icecream, && went driving.<3 oh.. &&took a nap.(:
Share our Drake Concert Ticket Give-Away Event with your friends! This is a great opportunity to win FREE tickets to an awesome concert!
Getting my stitches out today:)
Musicians beware of Bayou in DC Showed up for a gig tonight and found it was cancelled with no pay.
Why's my mom forcing me to go to the Navy?
Thai vacation coming to an end..........phi phi island is just magnificent, In a godly kind of way. Jammed last night with local band..?.
HI you're probably not on :((((
Ferdinand Porsche, designer of 911 and grandson of car company&#39;s founder, dies at 76
You daaa one.
You would think it would have better presentation
Oh man, that's trouble for me to know! I go every Saturday already. :)
my bestfrend have been mean these days
Amen! God bless you brother!
I hope it was worthwhile :)
Can't wait to find out what House Fifty Two is all about! Hints?
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw post-nuptial agreements include financial matters and how to maintain the marriage.
On my way to Universal Studios for an audition.
So happy football is over...now it's almost baseball season! :)
20 miles from Cleveland and want to take my wife to the induction ceremony...any chance u can leave 2 tix at will call?
Damn!!! you've already been down the rebellious road, NOT what I wanted to hear LOL
How are you guys feeling?
September 6th we play with The Dangerous Summer It's Ben's birthday at Midnight so come party!! Hit us up for tickets!
sleep well :-]
-Good luck! Tough act to follow: Jack Hanna and snakes...
are you serious or are you fucking with us?
Obedience can change your situation in an instant!
Thanks for the follow Steve!
Welcome to Chicago! Would love to meet you when you get settled.
: "Barbara, you should get a master's degree in this topic." Brilliant. Cc
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Slow Cooker Vegetable Chili 4.21 / 5 Stars | 110 Reviews by CORWYNN DARKHOLME "This is a very zesty and hearty c
Only slept 5 hours last night and I'm wide awake.
Happy mothers day to my mom
cause I'm awesome ;)
NYSTA 16 bar clinic a success! Thank you all!
Stay tuned everyone tonight we review a new wintery club in Yonkers called "Brrrrrrrrrrr OMG it's Coldl"
Latin Jazz & Improvisation **RECITAL ((((November 1st @ 7pm @ The Cooperage))))
it is ok big show we still luv u it was an accident
wow this is crazy that is one bad day
Heading to Seattle today!
Life doesn't get much better ... I now need to pay a penalty for having an unlicensed contractor steal my job
We had such a great time with you in Nashville. Thanks for coming down & for being so awesome!
Nothing cures the blues like Night Ranger's "You Can Still Rock In America." Aw yeah, all right. Aw yeah, all night.
At Mickey D's I could get two for 2 bucks.
How Was It ? Do You Work Friday ?
Going to the extra innings Go #Rockies !
It's a beer + Ruby on Rails kind of night
Cant wait to see
Glitch (again). I originally said to get 10 airs, but then changed it to not be SLA budget-specific.
Who's staying up (or waking up early) to watch the Mariners season opener? I'm highly considering doing so.
hey dahling!! miss u
did u get the directions i hope ur safe):
Some people are commenting on the hail that just fell. Be grateful. God just sent you free ice cubes for the graduation parties.
Thanks for the follow +Untitled (untitled_mag)! :)
What a beautiful day here in Chicago! How's the weather where you are?
If you hands you'll totally love following these guys on twitter. #yesyou #allofyou RT : Testing, Testing.
FREE TIX to first responders... :) did I mention BYOB? uh huh oh yeah
Thank you sir! - St. Bootstrapper
OMFG! SPONGEBOB! I'm so sorry! If there is anythig I can do I will! I love you #BestFriend ! I hope you feel better!<3
you called?
Check out the newest bar in the
with sabrina :)
Ask us about our Spring Embroidered Hat Specials, 48 piece min. up to 10,000 stitches, includes set-up $5.98 ea 13 Styles to choose from!
Happy Thanksgiving! We're thankful for all of our followers!
I know you wanna follow me. ;) x3
A business is prosperous to the degree that it offers a product or service that makes a contribution to joy in all of its forms.
double d what it do?
Finally reading #TheHungerGames, and it's fantastic. Not sure why I resisted for so long, but I will not be sleeping until I finish it.
have you checked us out? We're kinda different from the local scene here, but we're pretty new here.
lol Alice n Herpes
“Many of our fears are tissue-paper thin, and a single courageous step would carry us clear through them.”
i dont know they are just trying to be sober so they go to AA, haha
"Owney, the famous dog which belongs to the postal clerks of America, and whose home is anywhere in the broad land, passed through the city"
EWC Carmel LOVES Slow Flow Yoga at The Yoga Center of Indiana!
Mixture Bar Miami tomorrow, 2 41 all night 5445 Collins ave. Miami Beach
Going to New York for a long weekend in May. Any hotel suggestions?
Awesome - congratulations!
My #SUNYCUAD roundtable from last year! RT : Print in #highered can play a part in driving audiences to social (QR codes)
I could see Jack being the type that tweets before/after/during sex
4/28 11a-3p North Miami FACT Festival. Bring ur kids out 4 a day filled with fun, giveaways, edu, rescue trucks, police boats, & more!
yea im hood on twitter
Kevin Love. Love has more of a an offensive game and is just as good on D! RT better PF Love or Griffin?
Maybe. But let's stick to science. Holding meat up as unhealthy and disease-causing is not a truth.
SHE BLINDED ME WITH SCIENCE
Sitting here in Study Hall being bored as fuck dude! I don't talk to people in this lame ass school because their mostly fuckups So whatever
I completely agree. Still reveling!
oh hey tara.
i love my girlfriend so much
It appears we are have a Veggie Tales dance/sing along.... Save me!!!!! lol
:) love our song
love ur story but can i have the lumks for all of them
Dear people of the pit. If you're here, you better be prepared to move.
we are happy to help with your 7 lbs goal :)
What am I cooking for dinner
I LOVE YOU ♥
Take advantage of this awesome SD weather! Exercising outdoors reduces depression by 71%!
to the venerable Mr Frost: thanks for following Better Wine Guide, following you too! Have a great weekend!
Super nervous for tomorrow. Wondering if I'm stupid enough to pass up such an opportunity just because of a stupid scab.
Amen Big Phil!
RT : Do you think QB Tim Tebow could start sometime this NFL Season for the Broncos? No way to much to learn.
RT :Check out the Director &amp; 1 of the Producers of 'Transatlantic Coffee' on the 'It's All About The Show' radio show here: http:
str8 up cuzo only one life to live and live life to the fullest and flex on everybody who hate on u
The black news reporter who swallows a bug!!!! 😂😂😂😂😂
The Wizards have the best uniforms in the league and also hold the least best record.
I can see the heavens, but I still hear the flames calling out my name.
Raiders to place franchise tag on safety Tyvon Branch
Today: ½ price salads, roasted corn and shrimp bisque soup, & $5 drink specials
57 more days...no more braces. 😊
- Hi Doug. Would you follow me, so we can talk social media/school shootings (Chardon)? I was in KipCamp 2010 and there today
it is a #BeautifulDay in #Florida perfect for being outdoors. You picked a great day!
you're going?!!?
we love you right back! :) Save the date - our "Willy Wonka" production is June 23-24. Ok now we're watching the Tech box...
Let me get back to you on that....I want to say May 7th at Meeting Place in the Farragut North area.
Me too. I'll be at plenty more.
I brought the song blackout to life last night, so I think I'm just gonna take it easy tonight
We do need to make an East Coast trip together sometime.
Welcome to LakePlaceLiving!
yes and thanks! So far I'm liking the phone which says a lot coming from a total iPhone lover!! The camera is amazing!!!
Then my aunt saw the troll face sticker on my laptop, and I had to explain what a troll was.
Great hustle by Joe Webb, allowing Harvin to pick up an additional 10 yards with his downfield blocking
that's a good question... He is new and I am brain farting on it. Sorry about that
In high school I was voted most likely to smoke weed
so much for that diet
internet doesnt work, so I cant get any work done, so bad.
The nice guy won tonight
": "There ought to be a bonus just for being willing to teach middle school!! " With you there brother!" AMEN!!
Hi Dezel - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, following you too! Your blog looks great - keep up the good work!
haters always gonna hate
Don't know why I'm just now following
Drive To Columbus Right NowPlease .♥(:
I could kiss the lady who recommended hair lotion n the curl activator to me yesterday-yaaaaay
will do ;)
With the way things are going, you might as well just be my bitch.
Jeremy Lin slightly tore his meniscus
more like hipster.
Don't let past relationships ruin your future happiness, scars remind us of where we've been, not where we are going.
Dear #LAKings, you rock the shootout and the penalty kill, but the powerless play needs some work.
#NeverShouldYouEver say "lolz" if youre a dude ....... #suspect my dude
Free Natural Health Ebook: Lessons From the Heart – The Mind ...: As part of our ongoing effort to provide our readers with quality i...
Some dudes know all the right stuff to say
Congratulations to my dad who is the Director of the Adams County Libraries!! The levy passed!! So proud of you and your hard work!
The alarm on my iphone keeps ringing but i cant shut it off cus the screen is broken
hell yeah me too!
Those people have to get paid somehow and decent sites cost more than just creator time
I think what America needs is a nationally recognized Urgent Care chain where you always see a board certified DO or MD. And it's efficient.
Anyone want a headliner/CD release?
Well dye it purple now >:U
Have you ever earned a nick-name on the course?
worship music >>>
wuts good Bro? I see ya.
Just saw ur lovely face taking up an entire side of a bus 33rd & 7th! Woo hoo!!!
Shutout to the heauxs still posting photos in JUST hoodies talmbout "#I AMTRAYVON". Oh yeah? I could've sworn lil' homie had pants on…
Lovely. A hint of doggie sad/wise soul.
This Miami weather rocks the house!!
Brother's are so stressful >.<
Never cock block on your homie not cool
now-a-days there's too much ignorance and not enough respect...
Thanks! We all struggle to stay healthy daily & I am no exception. If we have to shock ourselves to live healthy, so be it!
Happy April 5th!!! (just kidding!) wait....
I thought all big black ladies could sing...but after karaoke tonight I stand corrected!
Can't seal a game w/ only 5 shots in 3rd period. There has to be concern about the #pens lack of ability to keep a lead against this team.
Happy Sunday! Please welcome new clients Fairway Independent Mortgage, Beaver's Honda & ComSurv Surveillance to the WebScout roster :)
I'm in love with wished and Sebastian
Cinco de Mayo fiesta dinner w/ the in-laws! Now, it's "El's night in" watching The Iron Giant.
so good to be connected again in another way!
I have some :)
please. I was literally thinking about it as soon as I left school last night. I am so burnt out #gradschoolproblems!
Whats the best thing to play on a stand up bass? Solitaire.
fix your shoe lace.
Yeah, I don't think it's too much trouble to reply.
Make this program what it is today. Best of luck to Wash U. In the post season.
It only takes a few seconds to check your info when we pull you over. We only take forever because we like fucking with you
Loving Newbury Street in Boston!
Clean out a corner of your mind and creativity will instantly fill it.-Dee Hock Good Night!
lol there were some boring parts but I really just wanted to educate myself more about it
I thought you were leaving!
Today is National Tortilla Chip Day
Metro is a cattle car. They need Temple Grandin up in here.
Indians goin this year
The American Medical Women’s Assoc folks are arriving soon to see the tasty new AMWA Exhibit curated by Intern Alex Miller. Hello outreach!
Vote for Jefferson Smith all you last-minute Portland voters! (This concludes my politicking for the 2012 primary election.)
Good night, friend. Keep up the great work :)
Miss Irma so much , but things happen. #R.I.P thoo. Two deaths within 3months? Asking God for better days!
bitch u kno what I meant
Congratulations to Marc Wilson signing with the Arizona Cardinals. Used to catch passes from this guy back in the glory days.
Who could take over the world if they had to wear inferior shoes to do it in? Priorities!
hi I don't know how but I'm getting tickets to your show June 22. I have to go. FOLLOW ME PLEASE?! ♥
Colin Gordon has a good series of slides showing how not to map the Hundred Acre Wood
"By changing nothing, nothing changes"
Plz follow CO residents, do U have commercial-scale #renewableenergy projects planned? I promise helpful tweets 2 come!
he is one of my favorite writers for sure!
golf getting very interesting :)
thanks to for teaching me "Remlee".reverse.squeeze.capitalize
Show day is the best day
When it rains it pours.
I'm working
Not a big pumpkin fan but we heard something about a maple latte?
I only have 2 days of work next week and they interfere with me going to PHX so work...suck my puck!
Hearing it from now my birthday is complete... Smiles
according to pioli up the dial earlier today, they are not done at several positions. We will see.
Are U ready for some football? Pats win today.
*sniff* *sniff* *sniff* i can't find a team! i'm going to list myself on craigslist!!!
And I come into you
yeah our wedding should be held there dude
dear twitter fans and from this day on i will be hosting a street fighter IV and a Marvel VS Capcom 3 open lobby on livestream
I am not cute. Volkswagon Bugs are cute. I am...impressive.
There's nothing like getting out of the house earlier than normal and eating over 20 minutes for the bus.
I'll Be There by The Jackson 5 was the #1 song this day in 1970. I love all of their songs.
Hearing One Thing on the radio is like wondering how the radio suddenly hooked up to your ipod.
I remember when I used to think Applebees was cool and go drink during the week.
RT": ...up thinking about the game and what it means for our city..." Thanks for being a part. We know you'll give your all.
nice! Thanks!
Fuck yeah!! You kick ASS! RT : definitely, I'm jamming to "They say time heals everything" pretty awesome:)
its great being around good folks like at #GBCA brownbag on grant writing.
Always here inventing new ways to make screen printers lives easier.
well u had her in your shoutout?
Off work.✌Long day. Just cooling now 🎧
I really want a chair or couch for my dolls to sit on. Can't really find one in the 17" doll size.
Ant Thats Sum Shit U Never Seen B4 DC Bally Game Lol
Happy Mother's Day to the mothers and mother lovers out there.
Called 911 re car doing doughnuts our intersection and speeding. RUDE 911 operator FAIL
Key to iPad use in docent tours: no dev, use all standard software, utilize extant media sources.
The EcoBoost engine provides the power of a normally-aspirated V8 with V6 fuel economy on the MKT
Thanks for the shout-out. We'll get on that next evolution shortly :)
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 74
Not making the same mistake as yesterday. Went to the gym after 5pm on the first day of the week of new year.
RENAISSANCE MAN
And then of course I get stuck behind the slowest grandpa in Colorado.
Can someone please make a decision regarding Titty Glitter Mondays?
My little 9 year old sister just called my 13 year old sister an "unwanted little bitch"
Hi. Thank you for the offer. YES! I would love it if you would Facebook it, tweet about it, tell all of your F&B...
- Hm , I Think I Would Do Wonderss W/ A Simple Dislike Button Onn Fbook !
It's winter...
Putting as much time into shopping as it takes to create healthy, natural meals.
Picking as a running mate would be like picking Sarah Palin again. I thought republicans wanted to win the election?
I feel like getting cute.....
Will do. Will try to post small excerpt tomorrow.
Backed two potatoes and sucked them down, had corn chips then did yoga stand to make me feel better about what I had eaten...I good now.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet is even though I already met him:3
can you please tweet my name you never do it to me
U kno it is really rude to say that...
Copy that :-)
check ya fan page on Facebook homie. (Will Suber)
Beautiful day for disc golf! Join us! We're at Underwood (10602 Underwood Pkwy)!
2) Does Caroline really need someone to color in her cartoons? I mean, the economy was better in the 90s, but for real?...
n more folks are jumping off the heat's bandwagon ..... i see you
I hate change.
The pleasure is all mine. :-)
Librarians in third realm of academy outside grading and performance expectations in every other encounter.
Signed up for 's online class at Stanford on Getting Yourself Out There to sell my novel. Don't wait to sign up. Only 20 spots.
so apparently some of watic is going, if Cameron is there can you kidnap him for me?????
With that being said, its time for me to go.
Just don't put on sunglasses...you would resemble the unibomber!!
"when the pope has twitter, it's time to get off twitter."
Nice one, thanks.
Hahaa.. you a trip!lol But yea I see you.. let me make sure to stay outchea way!
don't cuss at me... LMFAO
Hint of lime chips will be the end of me. Delicious.
Thanks for #Raging with me!
If it's important that you understand & know what issue is leaving your body, then it is revealed to you.
w.e I still hope it's good lol
RT : wrkin on this track so i can finally send it to << I'm waiting
Mostly just posting because some of you have been so darn active on Twitter today that I had to join in. You know who you are.
Your magic is rising, you asked us to watch you and we are!!Lovin the news and hope you are feeling the love.
YES! Now #SpikyTodd and #FredTodd need twitter accounts. You should set one up & talk to about #FredTodd's
thank u so much for your kind words and may God bless you also have a wonderful day.. <Zee>
My wife sent me on another adventure today... Pray for me! thanks babe -
Wanna do something for me? FOLLOW and ? K. Thanks, bye. ❤
jbfc_ny Burns Film Center Looking forward to tonight at ! Plus meet the man behind the puppet! t.co/lukiyVpX ^RS
Start with basic changes to ur #diet or #exercise pgm. Change one meal first, or drop ur worst offending food only first.
The bad news: our email is down. The good news: we're only days away from leaving our horrible email service forever.
A3 :U could also invite them to board mtg. Might do good to show exec teams what they're missing by not tuning in to SM.
I love what Paul Thomas Anderson said about "Network." He said, "It's one of the best screenplays of all-time… maybe." :)
people r disloyal but God is faithful. HE UNDERSTANDS They did it to him as well!
Just took my company's required online wellness test -- and scored so low that I fear I may die before the sun comes up.
WOO!!! 's album is out in all time zones in the USA off itunes. Pick up a copy there or in-stores today!:D
I'm gonna be completely honest....I really really really really like acoustic covers.
hi josh havent sen you on in awhile
Has anyone contributed to Alamy before? What was your experience like?
Trying to get over a flu & watching #SOTU , wondering if it's counter-productive. I just won't watch the response - that'll cause a relapse.
*HUGE MEMBERSHIP SPECIALS TODAY ONLY* Hybrid and HP MEMBERSHIPS ON SALE FOR AN AMAZING PRICE, Ask a Salon Associate for more details!
Stare down contest with a blazin fire in a fireplace....
Editing before layout AND proofreading after layout = a quality book. Just fixed 76 errors in a 170-pg book. Glad our client believed us.
ugh it's so fucking wrong !
If people could do the math, they could understand that there isn't pretty much any difference between financing and leasing a car.
My son is so fast. He didn't get his speed from me. LOL
thank you! you should come join us on Nob. 4-6! are you in the Chicago-area?
Thanks 4 doing a Q&A after the screening of Sound of My Voice. Hearing ur stories inspires me to keep writing!
cause I had already signed alaynas
Woot! RT : Delighted to announce that I'll be joining Barrett Honors College as a Faculty Fellow @ Arizona State in Jan 2013!
all I wanna do is tweet John Mayer lyrics, but there are so many amazing ones
Today went by fast!:)
oh sweeti why ? Just relax !
the holidays are coming up-- let us serenade your special event!
Niggas always think you lying even when you try to explain but hey a nigga gona believe what he wants...believe that
Supposed to be sunny today in Houston! Finally!
congrats and good luck
same here! Lucky us! :)
Are clothes required? Bring your own rohypnol? I need details.
Tryna get it n put my shit up
things looking good for the bball camp???
: Twitter Fest! Who wants pho tonight?
SPLASH MOUNTAIN! no ducks fans in disneyland. we're committed.
You can expect to see me at warped with a set of Hanes medium boxer briefs, and six meths.
Hi Lisa :)
please remove me from your list please please please
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone and safe travels from all of us.. Enjoy your family, friends, Packer game :) and the spirit of this holiday!
This is my first Tweet.
My grandma is
i'm not ignoring you, i have no signal, damn.
Back from world cup qualifier at RFK, USA beat Cuba 6-1 and qualifies for next round
I know it is not yet the 14th, but god do I hate Valentine's Day
yes in Korea apparently- seeing a lot of photos on instagram, etc
Time to get a shovel and do some grave robbing then
Not really fitness related, but who's watching the Ringer season finale tonight?
im willing to give up smoking and other stuff to put in the time
Hey, thanks! I'll check that out! We're gathering a lot of pics for our renovation plan right now. Very helpful info! Thxs
Thanks, you're entered to win! :)
Thank u!! Such an exciting game! Looking forward to tomorrow night against the Warriors!
March = 2nd best month of year?
Awww! I love you too!! <3
Some of you ♂ are self centered && some of you ♀ are over the top…get off that high horse && get it 2gether
My candle burns at both its ends; It will not last the night; But oh, my foes, and oh, my friends -- It gives a lovely light
Thanks to and Starbucks I'm getting my half price Frappuccino Happy Hour buzz on. Yum.
Can't get used to WKO+
Ozzy just finished. TG no bat heads bitten on the show (i'm showing my age, aren't I?)
to the girl walking her dogs wearing a "top" the size of a Kleenex and boy shorts too small for an anorexic Barbie doll, stop and no.
yes I'm getting your tweeds. How's the conditions?
There might have not been any fireworks but the food was banging
one more day of #work..does that make your upset?
Unless the Lord tells me otherwise. I am just going to focus on 2 things today. - iOS app and going to a meeting in the afternoon.
dang, I am sitting on a small fortunate in my bedroom apparently. I had no idea. REALLY. none.
Come hear our preacher! He's not that good but he's short!
Close. I have a ramekin filled with Cadbury Mini Chocolate Eggs.
Best of luck to the team today hope you girls keep it rolling rest of the year and Ihopetosee &
THANK YOU EVERYONE THAT TUNED IN!!! MAKE SURE TO TUNE IN TOMORROW #JACKIESPEAKSSHOW MUSIC BY DJ SSB MANANA
I be off the shits, I really be off the shits
...and don't forget to follow the Maryland SPCA
I would really like to spend 24-48 hours with Do you want to hire me during the first round?
I have heard you're going to be at SXSW 2012! well, I live at it. so if you want a fried avocado taco, I know the spot.
Thanks much! RT :
TRAFFIC: WB I90 @ Lake Delton - Road is open, but semi remains in the median from a rollover around 5:30am - Delays
hahaha oh yeah that sounds a lot more fun. Port wasn't that exciting tonight. There was a lot of people of all shapes and sizes.
Last day of 7am Warm-Up Class for the semester was today. Hm, whatever shall I do with these open early mornings now?
doin good. My mom has to baby sit kids and I had to help her
what he thinks the shape of the universe looks like?
I will probably go back at some point at least part time. Have considered statistics, comp sci, and bfa. I like to learn.
Fuck . Who forgot to put another roll of tissue in the bathroom ?! -_-
Watching do some vile stuff in #TheDarkness2. When games hit photo-realism this stuff is not going to be easy to watch over lunchtime
Happy ChristmaHanuKwanSolsticember to all Goose Hollow residents, fans, and general appreciators alike.
: I have to admit I do that too lol. Hate spiders:/
Places where you don't need to use irony: the fashion world, Marina Abromovic's brain, and preschool.
Follow us on Twitter Flo Fusion Fitness
Goodnight friends!!!! Tomorrow is friday rest up follow also sweetdreamz
I cut my hair & my blonde is gone :(
Just got a glimpse into 's work notebook and saw a drawing of his feelings. Keep it up Chris!
R.I.P. Whitney Houston! Your music will keep you alive for ages...
that's ridiculous! I assumed that the fool of a school board member somehow got fired. Hope for the future fading...
Follow for all the #NFLdraft pick updates and PR commentary!
Me and my close friend out networking at jmacs. in the building.
m talking the big 4 local networks available to everyone if you know what i mean. The ones that shape the public views.
Alf wants to go listen to rap music on a street corner with his bros. Wearing a tie-dyed shirt and a wig.
#callme And he did it with gusto! I wonder if buttscooting down the hall would've helped?
You know, the styles of the 80s are all coming back.
NCAA National Championship trophy without a doubt. Why? Because the Wildcats won it this year and that makes it even more special.
Thirsty Thursday today... quench that thirst with an ICE cold delicious Stinky Gringo Margarita :)
I forgot my watch & now my wrist feels naked.
can not wait for the #BELIEVE tour. You work soo hard and we all appreciate it all.
it's called
you and austin are crazy on your random videos, lol!
Save the date for "The BBQ" -Labor Day weekend!
You're ma nigga, you're ma brotha, you're ma friend, promise that you'll hold me down until the end
better go to dolphin tomorrow, or I'll drag her all over the school with
YES! Artists are so far really interested & esp. strong response from scholars of all backgrounds. Will be a great confluence.
BTW I love the iPhone app!
Hey, i think I helped you at a car dealership in Scottdale AZ @ Airpark Dodge last year in service. Have you been there?
For sure, we heard you guys did the album. We'll definitely check metrosonic out
