We are finalising new tabbar functionality ... you'll be able to fix it to the bottom of any screen you want. We'll keep you posted.
Give him KO of the night, Anybody who Mentions Pizza and Ice Cream in the Post Fight Interview is a Hero in my Book
More retro #madmen ads: Google+
Spent the morning at the Dunbar Fall Festival and attended an event in Charleston's West Side to discuss juvenile issues in the afternoon.
I love ur tweets (: they are adorable!! Plus, you're really cute!! <3
Thanks for keeping us updated. Sitting on pins and needles here. I hope it's nothing too serious. Congrats again on last night.
New Haven!
Probably up there with "oh when are you due?" on the "List of Things You Wait to Ask Until You Have Confirmation"
damn dood. we had our AHL team out there today!
Can I get a high five.
A2: At , we actually measure job satisfaction, then share it with users. It always makes for interesting data.
RT- good little sister and make the coffee/// nice.... spreadin the love
I so think is way prettier than !
Any Vicodin left?
Thx for the mention! RT 's maps are totally cool. And not just because of the tie in.
Catching up on the DVR, waiting for the #Brewers game to start.
Driving through the Everglades listening to on with ...
The fuck?! Everyone I know says that it's tomorrow.
I really enjoyed Wench. Looking forward to reading the new novel!
late start today! that means i get to watch spiderman 3 this morning :D
": I am a Celtics fan and it is only in my nature to hate on the Lakers when they are doing horrible (:"
Rock Bottom Brewery: Lunch- patio, river, riverwalk, great beer, great food. Try the summer special Turkey Burger!!
1724 South Manhattan Avenue Tampa, FL. 33629 Remember we are going to be at the Coleman track tomorrow due to the Gasparilla run.
#FF the fabulous because if she were here, she'd have gladly murdered anyone I'd asked her to. She's a great friend.
How's this for #awkward: Hi, umm I'm a research tool, uhh will you try me out? Think I just won the marathon.
bahh.. we are all plugged in up here...
you should have talked to Richard Spangled more! He was great. (Im his granddaughter and am so proud.) thanks for having him
good luck! why the 7-month hiatus?
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled
Good morning Uniondale Warped Tour! Good to be back in NYC area! Come visit the our tent! Big signing today, announcing shortly!
It's so weird after doing a bunch of 5K/10Ks to be doing a 1 mile race tonight. Shooting for low 6 minutes, I guess.
Why is Harvey Keital yelling at the refs? Go #Cavs!
Change in beers tomorrow night. Buy a Coopers Draft at REVO tomorrow and $1 goes to Street Angels!!!
got it! #WHOOP!!! She touch her toes and hit the flooooo BOWWW!
Follow me on instagram
José Peppers after the AP Test. Awesome.
Hey - you're not following me so I can't DM you back.
I know ain't still up
coming up at 11...police officer known as "Batman" lives up to his nickname when he jumps in to save a woman and her son
Hey Chicago tomorrow is Walk to Work Day! www.activetrans.org/walktowork2010 Check it out, the weather is supposed to be PERFECT for it!
Final exams graded, thanks to the 8yo attending a birthday party and a couple of new My Little Ponies as distraction for the 4yo.
Thank you. I'll keep an eye out there.
Just talked rep (#networksolutions). Ignore email sent today saying must pay (again) for private registration - sent in error.
solidarity wi is very cool. Raw, honest, and very needed.
Nope. Give them one week do deal. SO I believe release on mon. Weekend rest and press release statement. This is guess.
Model #3: Risk-based Population Carve-Out: All care for one individual is in one place - traditional MCO or special population MCO/ASO.
fast five never gets old
THE AVENGERS WAS AN AMAZING MOVIE <3 soo happy I saw it (:
I'm an East Side Dark girl, myself, but if the lottery cooperates, I'm buying whatever the good people of Brew City desire!
see you soon!! xoxo
Don't let anyone or anything steal your joy because they didn't give it to you
RT-) Perhaps the full moon had something to do with it?
Aloha! The conference is going well. I hope I have time soon to explore and tour the island.
Change the way you think about a situation
saved buddy.
Congratulations to for selling to all 3 stores!
Congrats to and #themagic for making the Final 4 at the #RealDeal in Ark.
you and are too cute on YouNow, but im getting salty because of your mic!!
Sticking with #ZXDonut 2.5.1 as my everyday ROM. It has been a better experience than #SuperD or
Try milk...
just now saw it? You're going to be kicked out of the geek club.
Caller: I'm a family practitioner and I appreciate Planned Parenthood taking care of our female patients in Ohio.
turning into a
What "shit" did I say about her?
Same! I saw they confirmed ATL & I remembered they were part of the challenge, so I was CERTAIN they were coming :(
i know, and knowing our luck theres probably going to be like two questions on the regents...
Lol RT : --> RT : What boobs are people talking about #lost :D
is making crash-hot potatoes ~ recipe courtesy of ktbird!
"Global donkey inequities mimic the human world's inequities." -- Andy Merrifield, 'The Wisdom of Donkeys', p. 191.
My goal for my 21st......go on a cruise during that year.
Thanks to everyone who participated in the contest! Happy Friday, y'all!
140 MILLION TWEETS (X 25 WORDS). Now what do we do? Make children read long paragraphs (in textbooks). Should we care? Change your thinking.
P.S. If you have any advice for blogging on Tumblr, let me know! Also, I've set up a FeedBurner RSS if you'd like to follow me :)
I need to unfriend some weirdos on facebook
Just slept 14 hours. I feel like a brand new person!
Really with the weather warning drill crap during playoff hockey ...
": "Some of us think holding on makes us strong; but sometimes it is letting go."- Hermen Hesse"
Researching content for a LibGuide
Red wine and orange leaf to finish this crazy day of traveling!
Brian Scalabrine walks back to his seat, gets cheers from
Jackass @ Best Buy-"Get your manager & a tape measure, there's NO WAY that TV is 55 inches!"
Now accepting Film/Script subs 4 GSIFF in Oct.
Was up?x
"Never doubt that a small group of commited people can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has."~M Mead
This is what it looks like when my cat types on my keyboard!: I POSSESS A BLOOD-FILLED ORB THAT THROBS WITH THE SORROWS OF THE EARTH MEOW
woot woot! “: "Gen Y: flexible, confident, social & team-oriented, personalized" #PRSADetroitDiversity”
It was quite the circus around here! Looking forward to having you in.
- you are a trip. Now that was funny
Google "social media policy generator" to find tools to help you establish your org's policy.
Sarah Hotchkiss talks about Young Astronaut club tonight at 5pm PDT, followed by great writers reading at 851, and maybe something more...
Had an amazing dinner with old and new friends at #Scarpetta last night. Lots of fun L'Impero stories flying about!
Great deal on #Groupon? Credit Suisse initiates $GRPN with Neutral Rating and $25 price target. Shares down over 7% to $21.55.
feeding her
Cool. , just opened, is a vintage bike museum as well as a shop. Oldey timey photobooth. Events. Grand weirdness.
He asked my sign I said a Sag! 
I love you too! And it's okay I promise!
We made it back home safe!
I Land in san diego thursday night. Anyone up for breakfast or lunch friday?
Shocker..What song?
When I was a kid the temple inlegends of the hidden temple scared the shit out of me.
I can't wait til the women's college game catches up, the passive no shooting guards few dominant post players, Smh
In examinations the foolish ask questions that the wise cannot answer.
Hahahahahaha!! I screw em all day! RT Yeah baby you shove those pins into that part
Good effort and hard work can overcome even the toughest obstacles!
If the Lakers don't neglegt D, they can sweep any team in the league PERIOD
dont take this the wrong way cause im just wondering but do you belive in the devil?
Any of my fashion-friendly journalist friends want to come to a men's fashion event in Chelsea Tuesday or Wednesday - just drop a note: cmu…
20% off grooming in May, includes facials, pawdicures, creative grooms, stencil designs & much more!
Don't be sneaking up in here fuck face -_-
hey baby ill be your bestie any day.
One of my managers quit, two part time night gals called in sick, our heavy display of screws & nails fell over... Bring it on day...
greatly appreciates customers that pay a .45 fee to use their debit card to buy our gas. We love you!
gotta keep your best friend healthy!
Thanks, that's two votes for the LU-21. How horrible-sounding are the painted ukes?
I would never betray my best friend. Seriously, they knows too much!
yes you do. When you only have 6 hours to shoot with the actors sometimes you have to scramble. :)
needs to get home!
Two more periods
how has it been recording the new album? Hope u r having a fantistic time with the boys(:
If you log in you'll see answers and have the ability to post an answer
I agree tami always saying she's the way she is b/c of her life u know what there is always someone who's had it worse then u
thanks yours turned out great- and of course was "featured"! #BNHP will get there someday :)
I love you, too!!
#iNeedThat an extreme relationship makeover.
Thanks to all for your kind thoughts. The cyst is gone and all went well. Sent me home with 4 stitches.
The renaming of iCal to Calendar and Address Book to Contacts in OS X 10.8 gives me hope that a simplified, iOS-style Music app may be next.
Obama is visiting the Rubin Museum, one of the coolest in NYC. Ya!
401k doesn't save $$. Pay freeze already past 5+yrs. Hurts recruit/retain. Narr takes us away fr real fixes. 2 much rhetoric?
I would love new followers... You know I'm almost too 700 =)
I am intimate with that moment of inner chaos leading ultimately to a cathartic calm after the last blistering swat is applied.
#Library Technical Services Specialist needed in #Baltimore! Specializing in Serials and Cataloging.
Check out Harrison Houde... Has great comedic talent.
I'm Craving Buffalo Wings 14 min Crispy and Hot
May is National High Blood Pressure Education Month and Stroke Awareness Month. 1 in 3 U.S. adults have high blood pressure.
Mood: Hurt Feelinq: Heartbroken.. Gosh Life Is Hard For Meh Right Now...
Franz Wright will be coming to on March 15th!
Saw "It's Always Sunny..." today with Danny DeVito in Skinny Jeans! Too Damn Funny! Think Gru in Despicable Me...LOL!
hey. Happy Birthday hun
Granite City man has collection of nearly 1,000 ethnic outfits
idl yet..bc of that nato summit event going on downtown i have a 5 day weekend, we should link up
more excited for which fall release: #borderlands2 #darksiders2 or #bioshockinfinite ?
If you would live your life with ease; do what you ought, not what you please. ~ Author Unknown
Grab a girlfriend and rock that joint!
~ Interested in an internship with Champ'SõL Sports Marketing? Email
Ha Ha Ha that pic is hilarious!
yes, regular constructive and caring feedback
is just 4 people away from 100 followers!! the 100th will get a FREE SHIPPING code! did you refer the lucky duck? then you'll get one too!!
IT'S LIKE THAT & that's the way it is.
stop being a better person than I am! Also did not really mean to retweet!
so it's been a month since I've dated this boy....yet he hasn't texted me in two days. I'm not clingy or anything, but really?....
haha (: I had just eaten fries !
But I'm not soo ;)
So. Tired.
#wildwesley wobble what what
What are you halloween plans this weekend? Staying at home, going out?
I love having clients that are committed to reaching their goals! You can just see it in their eyes...good stuff!!
Going to sleep
I could live with both of those no problem. I really just want the best option for low light stills.
Okay, who is your favorite political activist?
thanks a ton! Happy funday to you too!
Ditto that ...but bantering will pick up again w/ our ALA presentation work eh? yea!
Not that one, it's a different guy who yells, "Kettle corn, who wants some" every few minutes.
So, heard you go off on this morning. Showed how thin-skinned, hypocritical and insulated you are. He was right
Now, I'm a Tiramisu delivery boy...
Good run today. Finally got my knee back in good shape. Buckets!
*clinches asshole way beyond tight*
Women to Watch: Music Foundation job a daily source of inspiration for Catrina Guttery
*I'm sexy and I know it!*
Wow - the rare free throw opportunity for hornung. up 39-36 over the cadets just after half time.
okay just checking :D
DAAAAAAAMMMM GIRL WAT THE HELL IS THAT ON YO LIP
I am lovin all this Tebow stuff, I believe
Got to love it when is gettin makeup on the breaks and TK is just keepin it real
LOL!! Thought I recognized you from behind Rick ;)
why is still upset about people making fun of lizton this weekend? lmao
I like boy who wear braces , plays guitar , can sing amazingly , from Texas & he's gonna be 16 tomorrow .
great running into you again. Keep my card and hit me up for some promos!
For Your Consideration:
amazing video, you never cease to amaze us, bieber. <3
Fuck what you heard; Regonize what you see.
Foreigners too!
Please say this is a lie.RT : Why hello there angry birds update with new levels. Let's curl up and play so you can frustrate me.
Rolling Stones Monopoly at B&N. Someone, please buy this for me.
AFX - Chosen Lords in my ears again. XMD 5a = nice. :)
how impressive was TWood at the plate, though? Love the 1.000 batting average!
#mythoughtsduringschool ...is it time to go yet?
You do realize that you+me+guitar+drumset= eargasm, don't you? Basically it's a crime to others that we aren't making music.
Austin Mahone. My Inspiration♥ You bring so much to my life without even knowing it :') Thank You
Excited for my auditions this week! Always stay positive and keep believing:)
me too :) my day would be better Lolol.
When you try on your super adorable outfit for your mom so she can see if it is dress code.:p
The chances are very good for both. BCS bowl or title? Have you been to any open practices?
“: Seussical is amazing!! Jason marks is outstanding ” Thank you, Cyndi!! I appreciate that!
Explosions in the sky are on stage and it's beautiful music
Checking in at FRED Wildlife Refuge for a conference. I'm summoning you from the woodworks, my party mountain cohorts...
how the hell can you get back stage passes for for 2013 in boston? -.-
follow back mate
Im pissed. Im tired as fuck
Ah! Thanks so much!
Ugh, so over niggas...
I just wanted u to know so u don't think u fall too fast haha
can we try one more, one more time?
Half effort gets half results!
Great Corney Joke - Love it!
Your personal researcher! (in 140 characters or less). Tweet your questions to and we'll do the research for you.
#irallstars Where do you link to IR from? UMass creates Selected Works page f/ faculty profiled by PR office. Metadata helps Google find it.
uh oh! Let me know if you're coming, cutie. 😉❌⭕❌⭕
I taped out my last session
I'm trying to get it out so no1 else'll get hacked. The other 1 lost like 5k cuz of it! :( follow her
welcome to Twitter sir
DeSean Jackson finally arrives to Eagles training camp today.
Big Sean is really is annoying on this Til I Die song. This is his song not Chris. Im mad chris says pretty much nothin on this song :(
In first round of bracket play, Houston Hoops over Charlotte Select 55-50
Well said :) MT : Parking is always a +, also love shops near CTA... walking distance, for the win!
Ok now that we smoked a bleezie I think got his head on straight and and will get us to the playoffs.
Everyone go follow !!!
thats sick crack is wack this is calvin beno's boy this is my artist page take a listen an let me know what u think
have they been promoting it
I swear I have had to read12,000 emails this weekend... Still have another grand before I can finish my report. Got dammit.
did you demand the ball every possession?
11 miles on the mount Vernon trail. Super windy! 2 wks until national #halfmarathon!
Just saw Chris Martin & Noel Gallagher to team up at the Brits. Cant wait!
how lemon-y is it?
Dudes hate wen girls say; "All men are da same", but say "All women are da same".NO! #NewsFlash U just lyk bitxhes dat do U dirty.Dat's all.
Really enjoyed her way of putting things.It gave my heart a bump. 6yo explains the hearts interaction w/the brain,telling the brain what 2do
When your breath stinks so bad you stink up the entire car. Shut your fucking mouth.
As Winston Churchill once said 'A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity, an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty'
Last night Silk Road Ensemble performed to a full house at the impressive Zaha Hadid-designed Guangzhou Opera House.
say hi to adrianne for me!
Can't wait to hear it.
Had an awesome day :)
You handle situations so calm and respectfully ... If my future wife is half as classy as you are .. I'd be truly blessed :-)
Waking up at 6:30 AM on a Saturday morning for a math competition... Fuck Im sleepy.
I LOVE YOU
true story
wut time should we leave from six flags?
Her go to position is doggy style, how can you not fuck that.
I would love some pizza from dominos and a nice icy beverage...
feed some homeless people.. help people in need. Start there.
#emorydisc Leanne West of : in last 18 months, glasses-based realtime captioning has become more prectical.
First day in my new office space - Very Refreshing. Still trying to get organized.
Love don't live here, and it don't even visit
You gotta admit Keith Moon probably has a Twitter Feed In Heaven that rivals ?uestlove's on earth.
I love hanging out with friends :)
Oh shit.... I am now the proud owner of #DirtyWork lmao I was officially like at 7 but like yea idk why I didn't tweet it lol <3
Countdown to the #worldcup final. Spain vs Netherlands, gotta love this football matchup!
#NBC5SS either teach Rose how to control his body better and make smarter decisions, or let him be someone else's problem.
I will rise im no longer addicted to my store!
Just got back from an amazing night at Santos party house. Funky house and disco all night. I got a months worth of dancing in.
Right on jack totally agree
waving! nice little poll you are doing re: florists...my alter-ego says thanks!
Just sent you a SXSW party invite via Linkedin. Hope you can make it.
Meet NINE of DC's newest emerging artists as they discuss their #MFA #thesis exhibit.
Last year.
o no johnny!!! get up!
Well, if you want to be Emmy Rossum's character, that's not too bad. Anyone else... =/
What a beautiful day in the #ABQ #NM Wishing everyone a great Thursday afternoon;)
New song titled "This One's For You" will be up on our Myspace/ Facebook, Friday!
Ikr!!!! I love making people laugh!!!
That awkward moment when you're alone with someone you just met.
Tryin to get the energy to go out again tonight
Hi Katherine!
Since wimmin' buy way more books than men, shouldn't ALL nonfiction be #chicknonfiction?
Do mermaids have eight fingers or ten?
Im absolutely inlove with s song
I LOVE YOU! <3 ROGER THAT!
Something big is coming for Playstation 3 users.
Hey Jim! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
hates having to settle for someone you love but aren't in love with, because the one your in love with is in love with someone else :\
Its raining.... Why am I wearing flip flops?
Missen my boy!!!want to see him so bad hopefully I get to see him tomorrow!!!!:)<3kassidy&evan
Wonder wen I'll hav a GREAT day again. . .
Lmfao calm down
Friday Fun Fact: The first “Mother’s Days” were meetings of local mothers whose sons had fought or died in the Civil War.
I hope your doing better tonight beautiful!
LadiesPlease dress how you would like to be approached and talked to. Don't dress like a hoe and expect to be treated like a Queen.
I can sense the Wizards PA guy just itching to press the button "Celebrate" by Kool & The Gang.
Youth Radio Investigates:Trafficked, on NPR's All Things Considered- stories of two teenagers who were trafficked on the streets of Oakland
I want him in this game so bad
Don't know what you've got till it's
#smbmad If it goes on that long nest time we will have to order in Pizza and burgers to sustain us. I am famished!
Thank you, you are really good at what you do. Great to know you.
"Even when I walk across campus, I am communicating things to people." - Dr. Omi Jones
Man I've been fuckin with samples in ways youd never think of.
Improving peer and instructor feedback. In this example, students have to turn in assignment to peers for critical feedback prior to...
DONUTS AND TWIZZLERS DONUTS AND TWIZZLERS!!!!!!!!!!!
im in L.A., fuckin wit this dleague shit
Supplemental budget fails.
Thanks for the follow
Love, good friends, good books, to laugh often and much: this is the ideal life
Thank you for watching the Shelby County mayoral debate on children's issues last Thursday! If you missed it, watch it on www.wreg.com
what is the best way to buy used books ( different vendors ) Amazon on line but need to?
I need to step my Tweeting game up.
How can we be of assistance? ^SZ
Awesome backlog for #FR365, sent in a post last week and the pipeline is full until mid-Oct! What a success it has been!
I thought Badgers punter got drafted too
This is why I have very low expectations of most people.
I need a Long walk bf I try this wedding dress on for the last time! Panera was really good but regretting it now..
Not too bad, but not too good either. I still believe.
even without the previous movies. :)
is the service dragging for a reason... Keep getting the reloading bar every minute or so...
11,000 classrooms made of straw and Millett, the elements destroy the buildings and furniture.
I'm a supporter of college athletics, but I don't see how some coaches earn millions, new bldgs pop up regularly,& student debt=$1 trillion
um hi..can I say new fav blog!!!
Home just in time for the heat game.
im talkin bout this pic its UGLY
Indeed! RT : Sometimes life is awesome and you still feel like shit. Fuck that, I say.
Reminder: both aMuse locations are located indoors. This rain means nothing to us. #comegetyourtoyon We open in 30 minutes
What was this??
Working on Sunday, it doesn't get any better then that! Does it?
I wish would stop singing...😒
It's Black History month watching The Thing. Please stop putting one black guy in horror movies that never stays alive.
An optimist is a guy that has never had much experience
Best of luck Ceara!
i like your picture :)
No one's forcing you to stay in a relationship you don't want to be in.
Miguel Cabrera comes up BIG again!
A MIDGET HANGING FROM MY NECKLACE.... Old school shit
i just sent you three tracks from the latest mixtape called F.U.N. (Fuk U Niggas) let me know what u think fam
CyberSecurity mounting threat. Now a nation-state military tactic. Hacking is an industry w/annual conference (DefCon) & media (2600).
lol damn yu mean I was being nice x said I love yo stanking ass lmao
Should it have been, looked like interference
Lately its like I've been disappointing EVERYONE!
omg so happy cant wait to see my new baby born nephew<3
I cannot even tell you how many times I have stepped into the shower with my socks on..
Follow back?
LeeLee Shannon wrote: ~5 words that scare the hell out of me in horror movies, "Based on a true story."~ #4realz#
New England Clam Chowder from the cafeteria. I hope it doesn't send me the Turner Hall stalls later tonight. :|
I don't understand why people try to make other people feel guilty for them.
Fact of the Day: In English pubs drinks are served in pints and quarts. In old England, bartenders would advise unruly customers to mind ...
Got damn y is so many ppl so damn #NOSEY whats da point of wanting to knw my bitness
Excited to attend tonight's Meet the ADDY Judges event. Who else is in?
Am I the only one who could care less what #AlbertPujols does playing for a team that doesn't actually play in #LA?
if I could I would. I'm starvin. Need to get something to eat
#FF to who ever came up with #itsamonsterthing!!!:)
Whenever I look at someones dp I always look in the background for clues about their lives. Don't even tell me it's creepy I bet all u do it
#salute my.nigga
ThanxRT : Nice picture mama..
We need to establish within ourselves a foundation of balance upon which our lives and our business can thrive.
big day!
Just do what you gotta do to cover your ass, Bill.
#broNight was awesome! Good luck finding some1 to #Avenge you at the air hockey table
"That guy wanted to buy you a drink." "I already have a drink. Think he'll get me some mozzarella sticks?"
sounds great! Just Cali Chard for me but it had acid and balance which was nice. 2009 Paraiso Santa Lucia Highlands.
Come Lay Down Wit Me And Youll feel better ;D
hahaha, I thought the same thing. Ashley is an idiot!
RT : <3 Fridays. Who's coming in for a brew? Me Me!! I will be there at 6:30!
Congratulations to Congressman Lewis for the Congressional Medal of Freedom.
Insomnia is your body's way of asking for an orgasm.
I had a dream today was Saturday
A grilled cheese and a Mule at Starlight at midnight: long story but I'm sleeping in tomorrow!!
Host events in DC/MD/VA metro area? Awesome! You need Nakeva Photography because you deserve LIVE #SocialMediaPhotography marketing + smiles
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
I'm truly humbled by the amazing reaction I got #CCDP2012 free #Bbq my HQ nxt wknd stay tuned for details.
Wutang after party in the Bronze Peacock room w/ &
Yes were auntys yay love lilly and melissa
#TebowGotTradedFor Peyton Manning going to the Broncos
People kept telling me art can't change the world; so I stopped calling what I did art
Im gaining some weight today haha
I think we also have a project for spanish class -_-
At the airport, on my way to #NY...I don't like to fly. Breath in, breath out. Breath in, breath out. Don't hyperventilate!
So apparently you can be allergic to the sun #oddallergy how do I know this? Random lady today
and i was saying srry to him and begen him to come back to me and he did so were back together :)
You smooth talker, you!
Just had a llizard put on my desk, right in front of me! Yes, it was real! Cutest thing that ever scared me...lol
Not a big fan of the non-color dress.
Put a #cpchat column in your Tweetdeck for great resources featuring George Couros and his sole mates.
Just sat with a client onver an hour and a half. telling me the most horrendous things. i need a long, long weekend!
Madison teacher David Wasserman testifies he was among 20 members of public removed from Gov. budget address after 1 of them booed.
#CultureShock has been moved to The Bishop due to rain. We'll be there all day serving slices!
Im Happy with the circle of people that love me!!!
RT : Joel Makower: "80% of product environment impact determined in the design process." (I'd suspect way higher.)
Would you call the desire to lie in bed and watch endless hours of Downton Abbey fanatacism or depression?
Long as Dez is off the board, I'm good with that RT Demaryius Thomas RT who the heck is Tampa taking at 5?
#ThingsIReallyCantStand When you're looking forward to seeing someone and then plans change.
Yeah and mike. Don't let her liee
Want to follow the court case on entering the Capitol follow and
I'm going to freeze! It was 9 degrees Fahrenheit when I left this morning! It's a balmy 27 now. So glad there's no snow though!
I had an idea for a movie last night. It was the greatest movie ever. Damned if I can remember what it was.
Good looking out! Thanks for the love and hope you're well!
Alice’s Healing Story – Inspired by Eczema
July 4 weekend w/ Traveling Circle starts 2nite at Union Pool and continues tomorrow night at Legion. Detes www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
Honestly thought Bladerunner was a movie about a roller derby
It's funny how I did NOTHING wrong n you hate me now. This is why I don't get fucking close to people.
I listen to your show on the way home from work every day! Funny as hell! Keep it up man!
I live in a world of so much more than hip hop! My dubstep/pop/rock could surprise you! In time I'll make that happen
Except for Corey Hart, the #Brewers outfield is full of jerks.
Austin! 11:11 in UK :D..well kinda. I wish you'd follow me, dear wish I hope you come true (: #11:11
THAT GIRL IS POISON
- thx for the shoutout! Hope to see many students participate & learn from !
There is some irony in seeing people tweet advice they should listen to themselves!! I swear I was just about to tell you the same thing!
: fear in a handful of dust YAY!
oh that stinks sorry :(
Sorry. beat you to the bacon.
“: I Would Never Put Westbrook As A PG On my team!” Saying Anything , Ill Put Him On My Shit As A 1 But Not Starting
This sounds like the makings of a pie chart. 10% write to get laid, 1% for the fabulous riches with which writers rewarded?
como no lo creo!!!! Palomo no
RT : Leadership without character is unthinkable - or should be. - Warren Bennis
Listening to Hands Tied I love this song
Just used one of the new Coke freestyle machines. a fine example of soda fountain
the awk moment when you know by the end of the night your bestfriend and sister will have a bf
Oh haha! Love it!
This washington state weather really needs to pick up.
The time for Fall is now. The leaves are changing making it a time of change and the time for change.
I need to finish this essay bleeehhh asdfghl
Of course, now the Coyotes will probably go on to win the Cup just to make me look like an idiot.
RT : What do you like about K State?
SeeMail shows your responsiveness to email across contacts and time (personal informatics workshop)
Hope everyone had a great 4th!
A1: Question for me was where and how I could make difference in next 5-10 years.
I also heard the gunshots. I'm on 36th and Paine, where are you?
I'm on upper west side and have no dial tone and blank channels. What up TWC??!
This is such a great song Mandy! It's amazing how many different genre's you write and sing! You are the master! LOL!
RT : Rode CR tonight. Some new twists to the single track. Course is in great shape!
Yep. Found the 07 story. Still haven't found anything about it changing tho.
I don't care what anyone says, I still love my 'Guins & know that if they believe in themselves, they will make it.
Don't forget! Special Call Out to Fundraisers at YNPN & 's May 16th Social That's tomorrow! 5:30-7:30.
take only 40% Manny is better than that.
REALLY? NO WAY?! Ah wait you guys are assholes so I don't get any DLC til april even though I paid the same exact mount as them
just met and now 😂 we already have an inside joke!
yeah i get money and I let my nuts hang
FYI I'll be giving away boats in my session today :-)
I'm so much more willing to go to school when im going with swag.
Sleepover with some faggot
what is that??
Just got finish counting my sons change And he haves $664 that's all going on his presents for his one year birthday
We are going to have to move the feeder. It made me sad to see it.
Hollywood is remaking The Crow? I loved that movie... Well, at least it can't be much worse than the sequels...
I just wouldn't undertsand philosophically bringing in such a small center as Hudson after all this talk of getting bigger.
But Who Speaks For Earth ?
A4: For my photo shoots, I respond quickly & do everything possible 2 make it a special time for the client. It's all abt them!
It seems like Rick Ross uses all the same beats now...why?
is now following you.
Thankjs Jay! Some damn fine actors in Wrath of the Crows! and more!
no homo
Thanks for the follow!
I loathe waiting in line at a Redbox...
Time and Gems Extends Their Annual T&G Wholesale Event
Longest opener in MLB history! What a game. Bullpen locked it down. Zumba doesn't count as working out
We're ready to shoot this week! Love when we are producing and not pitching. Great product that needs awareness help - right up our alley!
um ok.
When are you moving to LA?
Everything I do... WELL DONE HOE !
RT : President told ABC News today: "I think same sex couples should be able to get married."
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. - Buddha
those days were legit.. lol. That would make an hour && a half zoom past. Lol
Open position for Senior Instructional Designer. Please email me if interested.
When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, reconstruct those plans, and set sail once more.
Let it go
#RANDOM #COD #MW2 advice ......nobody likes a nubetoober or a camper
"Who wants a body massage?"
thanks for the shoutout!
She now wants ramen....and she just threw away a kiwi
Miss Klum and Seal getting a divorce.. Makes me so sad!
Boring day, he, true
We'll let you know when we do!
oh okay ;)
No problem guys!
And how often do you pick a talented actor who doesn't exactly match the character's description?
Preparedness tip: always keep your gas tank at least half full so you can safety & quickly evacuate. If power is out, pumps won't work.
Have you tried Tinto on Santa Monica Blvd at Gardner in WeHo? Good food and great sangria pitchers!
totally disgusting!
Its not Snoop Dog lmao
Suicides have Greeks on edge before election
none yet. I'm hoping for at least two.
good, but busy!!!
New to Twitter-and just got my first follower! Congrats to Josh in Kansas City! You are the only one reading this! LOL. More to follow soon?
I hope you have an awesome weekend Rockin Ralph!!
Seriously what's with all the pics of hurt kids and diseased people on Facebook? They really make me depressed.
Goin to eat Ice cream *_*
What does the front office hope to do? Put Derek Fisher in a cryogenic chamber and try to add years to his career?
Excuse me, but the correct answer is "uhm, idk."
done c:
Mandatory texts 1. AP Stylebook 2009 or newer 2. Strategic Writing and 3. the bare bones of ad print design. Find @ Panther Books on Downer
Elementary math problems are weird. 'I had 10 chocolate bars and ate 9. What do I have now?" Oh, I don't know, DIABETES MAYBE.".
What's the best Columbo to watch with someone who has never seen it before? A really good one that encompasses the series.
oh I am just 5 feet, and I aint never let it stop me frm nan nathin! Intelligence wins wars. &I'd love to be a commentator.
Good afternoon twitter :)
RT : Q9: WHAT NON-SCALE GOALS DID U SET THIS YEAR? HOW FAR HAVE YOU GOTTEN TO ACCOMPLISHING THEM? RT PLS
I don't like when people wear headbands but they put it over ears with there hair.
OK NOW FOLLOW ME BACK THANKS JOHN
Just interviewed Sean Rumgay, 16, who rode out the storm. This afternoon, he was surveying damage.
Yeah, it's one of those "It's funny" wait...Its true...So your welcome.
Another good win. I'm in festive spirits now.
Yellow cab $75 to home dafucck
An alright Christmas :P
Quit ruining my Saturday evening. I don't need realism right now! ;)
New original in the works!
matt, come on now, get the blow up mattress from costco. c:
Flat top Gang
you can retrieve in history; click on last open tabs. Hope it helps!
If you haven't seen the movie #GameChange, you need to make it your business to.
Living with hatred is like building a prison around yourself and not being able to see where you placed the key. ~ SJ
Lemme know if u want chips, fellow Floridian! :-) ... ! Lucky guy! Enjoy those chips and that $$
Smart move by the Timmy The Fag Lincecum on not facing Kershaw on Tuesday. After goin 0-5 against him and the Dodgers last year.
I wanna be a millionaire so freakin bad. Pay all the bills my future will even have. So tired of responsibility I hate being broke.
We're just about the midpoint! Haha. Take care.
I REFUSE to watch this shit happen again. If I were at the game, I'd run ON THE COURT.
Do we have to look at Bylsma now? Hasn't done much to change in past 3 playoff series. Not placing blame. Just asking a question.
Without Youtube, there would be a random sexy dude walking around in Canada.
Just found out E-40's full legal name is Edward Forty.
I Hate Kids On Elevators…”Are We There Yet?...Are We There Yet?”
Longer conversation for those managing social recruitment efforts, methinks.
My movie , Blue Streak is on (:
Isn't it great when you start to forget you actually work for a living? :)
go to bed! lol
Its FAT TUESDAY!! #HAPPY MARDI GRAS
they are just jealous. You got the super hot guy and you look amazing!
Lmfao okay she's angry
Thanks so much for coming!
this one right her is for my niggahs on they block
Bratty, selfish, kit kat eating, mullet wearing Jaromir Jagr has finally convinced me he's a class act and a great quote
thank you so much for your contribution! We appreciate it so much!
Attending Future Proof Your SEO #mozinar by
Join TONIGHT AT KREMLIN ... $3 You call it! $2beer! NO COVER!FREE PARKING
End of the week is here!
James Wood gives a shout-out to L'eclisse in How Fiction Works (pp. 99-100)
I'm tired of making bullshit songs.
i wanna sleep over !!
Living like I bullet proof and feelin famous !
Overall would you say social media has had a positive or negative effect on the industry's ability to properly promote?
Tony Montana is prollys the most bad ass name
Sharpening an Improperly Sharpened Left Hand Shear -
Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!!
RT Parking across the street from Daytona is $50 for a Thursday. Neighborhood Yard parking prices events are huge value!
Also, did you know you are at 100?!
And he just admitted that he's been throwing meat into the neighbor's yard. Holy hell. I married this man.
#teamfollowback if you're real
Shooting our video this weekend. We can't wait!!
why haven't bria texted me back, she playing ugh
Good tip for showing off shelter cats: ferret & rabbit harnesses can be easier & less stressful to use on cats than cat harnesses.
that's unfortunate. Like I wrote in the article, I hadn't seen him play a whole lot, so.. wasn't sure.
Are most professional musicians self-taught, or do they have someone who was instrumental in their development?
Stock Exchange Tips: Is It Time To Sell? Recently the markets stayed flat
The quieter you become, the more you can hear
Thank god for selection Sunday and everything it stands for #wideopenfield!
So my card reader decided to just stop working last night...Need my MAC asap!
For the record is even more intense in real life!
You the bomb! Thanks for coming!
Minority Report, with statistics instead of psychics.
RT : Just left that meeting with #1 is to bring swagger back to this city and I'm positive he can pull it off
Fire..Listen To 'Welcome To H-Town' Off New Mixtape RT:anyone listens to Lecrae ? he any good ?
My thoughts & prayers are with my moms side of the family right now.. My great Uncle Norman passed away.. He was such a wonderful man .. <3
It's nothing like waking up and exercising first thing! It makes ur heart get goin for the rest of the day!!
It's getting pretty thick right now for sure.
Hey I just met you, and I'm a taco, here's my meat, so add your sour cream
#GOA2011 RT : Martin Wragge at Nike 'Just Does it' at #FESPAAmericas Global Business Forum about sustainability
Golden Explosion THIS SATURDAY! Buy your pre-sale tickets TODAY :)
Snow Report! List your city and how much snow you got below!
on to my sons basketball game love watching 7 yr olds play ball. Good luck Gage!
I know! It's uncanny, isn't it?
WHO ELSE NEEDS A FOLLOW? just tweet
thanks for the tweet!
It's a cappuccino from Dunkin. Heard they might be some competition for us. I think the sink liked it more than I did...
All about money hope you got some
Growing up, my grandpa always called me "you little shit" curious now. maybe I had a problem
Follow me (;
lmfaoo, it's okay. i'm happy for you! (:
Singing Bohemian Rhapsody in the car with Griffin
What a wonderful #iheartNYC day!
Birthdayy around the corner, what am I gone do?
G o o d n i g h t <3 Don't forget to say your prayers !
I ain't kissing randoms, boy! I think I accidentally bit it or something >:(
Don't get me wrong...fight the good fight mama! I just saw that and thought it would give you a little laugh.
thanks very much for the info!
sounds like it worked. Thanks for making those calls!
I want to write a book called GAYBOT. It will disappoint everyone because it will be a book about a gay botanist, not a gay robot.
Dear Santa Claus, The application process for recording Christmas songs needs an added category: -Naughty -Nice -Douchey
is celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month from September 15-October 15. Celebrate with JAM as we present Latin Jazz facts....
Might take the 34 trolley tomorrow morning for once.
. Take your balls out of your purse and #FireNickHolt immediately
hope you benchin to them tracks LOL
My birthdays in 20 days :)
nothing says "Delivering Great Mobile Experiences" like embedding a PDF in a Flash movie
K I going to start reading...(50 minutes later) K just a few more minutes.
Somebody needs to come up with a better plan, I'm going to start watch NCAA Championship Subdivision (D1-AA), single elimination playoff.
#offline love love love!
Leaving in 5 minutes :'(.
Laying in bed watching a walk to remember with 💜💜💜
wow! thx, stout-hearted Max!
Busy night, Pitching practice with daughter. Advisory council meeting at School and continue to work on tech page
Priceless the looks on ppls faces when you're flying first class..... POOF!!!!!
Census demographer compared 25-34 yr olds in 2000 and ten years later in 2010. 22.7% moved out of cities to suburbs & exurban locations.
I hope you enjoy it! Let me know what you think.
Didn't even know there was a foreign version. If it's not american, I DON'T BOTHER. I bleed red, white and blue, brother.
I kept thinking "there's a bad joke in here somewhere"... but finally decided to let it be. :)
I need a hero...do you know when I can register for bfast and learning how to score b2b ink w/ you?
oh no no give in girl, give in to the nutella!!! lololol
School then practice:/.
A million watt smile with a million watt business presentation can sometimes equal a million watt result. - You close the deal!
I want to see #TheLuckyOne tonight even if I go with my sweats and tee shirt on!!! I can't wait!! My tummy is excited.
The possibility to change ur fortune by trying is inspiring
we'll be at both!! And Arizona in September!! BIG trips will be NOLA, TB, Zona and PIT
congrats buddy!
Just read The Jesus and Mary Chain will be playing SXSW w/ their Psychocandy-era drummer and ex-Lush bassist.
"There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning."
Now at bat for the #Brewers: Stephen Baldwin
I am an expert on such important topics.
I miss you. When can I see you next?
Could've added "spoiler alert" to that. Sheesh. RT Just so you know: They go back to get the cat.
I am such a big fan of yours I'm listening to Deja vu, you are the dopest
Why than Oh brawling love; Oh loving hate; Oh anything of nothing, first create.
RT : RT : In war, there are no unwounded soldiers
Count me in!! lol
Whose protecting our babies??? As a parent I say street justice, eye for an eye, life for a life, you called this child a "COON"
You should be on radio podcast one day!
Love feedback to online tutors: student: I GOT A PRIZE FOR DONATING tutor: awesome! thanks for donating student: no thank u u inspired me
We have a concealed carry law but businesses can ban on their premises. You'll see that sign a lot here...
it's a class that has subjects in French(: we learn and speak it and we have FLA everyday instead of English class everyday
how does someone LOVE social media, tweet 26 times and have 3,672 followers? hm
I saw Zayn's reaction to the boobies, once gay always gay <3 hahah
#FF FINALE --> topped the week off with a great mention. Have a great weekend, everyone!
and now my shoulder hurts. I AM FALLING APART.
Adrienne Palicki is Wonder Woman. Thoughts?
Compelling digital stories doesn't mean expensive equipment. The tools & technology is on your mobile
Lol. Que horrible!
It's Friday night and I'm playing hide and seek with my brother. That's how awesome I am :D
AHH OKAY I'LL BRING YOU LOTS OF FUN.
RT : Fact that Zubrus played third period is going to save Giroux
The Assassin's Creed series does a lot with moving within and blending into crowds. Not great, but it's a focus.
awake and tired, wishing Morpheus would come to me! What about you ?
idk. The Internet seems 2 attract those types :S
That was so foolish!
Getting ready to head down to the poker room. Playing down to the final table today, hopefully it's going to be a really long day.
Thanks much!!
but seriously how big is your guys dicks?? LMAO
This year I'm not going to go all Apple-Fan-Boy crazy on Twitter about getting the new iPad. I'm going to keep it to myself.
bad move getting rid of How to Make it in America! Making th switch back to Shotime
haha well you havta listen to the whole song next time, very good lyrics other than that part lol
I miss
:D :D :D THINGS ARE ALMOST READY HOORAY
I'm celebrating my four year UNniversary with a giant bottle of rosé and that Marilyn Monroe movie with Michelle Williams in it.
There are few things better than a Whataburger on Texas toast.
Praying and biliving God for this one thing.its all coming to us in the name of Jesus.
Need motivation? Get dressed and start working out for at least 5 minutes. You'll feel more energized and will want to keep going!
I think that was all the same stunt driver. And
When Is Ever Gonna Reply Back.?:'(
its may 18
thanks luv ... its a free download so feel free to download it .. do u have a facebook ?? if so search looselyric and save me
I drive north from NU to Highland Park all the time on Sheridan. Lots of really nice houses on the way.
My condolences. Wonderful piece.
Don't butter me up, I'm not a baked potato lol
So obscene. So accurate. So perfect.
hey mama @ turner field 4 breast cancer ceremony
: He isn't consistent at all, and who did they play?
I'm so psyched. A burial ground is following me!
delivery is different from dancing(performance) on stage. thats the type of shit you like. thats like saying soulja boy hot
Come in For some College Football... $3 Sam Adams Drafts and $5 Jack Drinks..
#ABQ #Events: Apr 13 Fundraiser Shaken, Not Stirred Martini glass auction & party benefiting Lead w/ the Arts,...
Do not remove a fly from your friend's forehead with a hatchet. - Proverb
yeah, and their numbers for all of those weird fringe fetishes? I just... don't even know.
^PH Yeah, thanks -- she's pretty great -- we think we'll keep her!
Well you know what would make my day? You. Following... me. ♥
Congrats to winning the intermediate comp #shredathon and all the riders that competed!
Omgg last night was SO needed.
Justin biebers grandparents were in a car accident last night and guess where jb is? A bball game.
Yep. It's a 3 cups of Kurig Coffee kind of day.
thank u for sharing!<3
I miss you :/
following the 43rd district dems endorsement meeting via twitter is killing me!
I'm giving the Oscars some credit for having more actual musicians in the room than the Grammy awards.
41 Big Ten players taken in 2012 NFL draft. 2nd most of any conference. SEC had 42 drafted.
Entrepreneurs and talk about their big fat failures this Sunday on our NEW SHOW 9pm EST on
I like those odds for the Hawks
Watching the awards on Ustream. Pretty cool! And, yes, pretty nerdy too.
Senior years gonna blow 😠
Who wants to do something???
hello there, we need to catch up!
Bread is the debil
I mostly like how you drew her shoes lol.
Busto. Button opens to 3.5K I jam 16K from BB with AQ, she snap calls A10 and spikes a 10 on the turn.
Sweet Gum!
You can only be attractive for so long you'll need intelligence to hold you over sweet heart
that is never going to happen. i know this for a fact. trust me.
RT if you don't live in Illinois so you can't go to austin's concert in person.
#thankateacher - Happy National Teacher Appreciation Week (May 7-11)! Thanks in advance for all that you do for students!
Topeka still getting it handed to em KC Bulldogs 76 Topeka 38 Fourth quarter
I know I'm not an amazing singer...but I know that I'm not a horrible one either. Why do people on YouTube have to be so ignorant?!
97% of HHs have a TV. is the person I know who doesn't. Like a boss.
I mean wouldn't you get fat from all that drinking?
It would be awesome to have some WiFi at work that, you know, actually worked?
What's with this weather, so cold! Need hot food!
Ha! I love those "Was I on crack when I wrote this?" moments.
RT : Wireline Edge shows how you can distribute storage and compute throughout a network – Intel booth
I miss my lovely friend Stephy!!!
My allergies are so bad ):
": A real Superman is not afraid to stand next to a Superwoman!"
#GoYankees #BeatTheRays and give Nova his 4th win of the season
Develop your own info. products in an evergreen niche to massively boost sales.
Wow, I can't believe Peyton is off to Denver!
You know you work in a bad neigborhood when jimmy johns wont deliver their. Smh
because he doesnt love you...
K night tweeps! Off to watch my usual 48hrs.
just updated new work....www.michaelcalixtro.com
Good Morning! Hope everyone is having a great morning.
I hope everyone's mom or mom-like figure asked about their day. As a former teacher, my mom expected a detailed response.
Dont believe what most people say
Did you hear what happened to the Webster Schroeder senior prank? Students were arrested. Looking for the best senior prank 222-9800
So, tonight is gonna be okra gumbo. I'm thrilled each time my box has okra bc I know this meal is inevitable.
“Write without pay until somebody offers to pay” Mark Twain
My job is to tell the truth 24/7 about everything. I will never kiss ass for money.
OHIO is the 1st state to have 4 #Sweet16 teams in a single tournament?
he's moved onto the 6th S. "Sucka" as in, my parents are Suckas.
Its The Thuggish Ruggish Bone
Meeting with the wonderful folks at today, lining up some wonderful events for the winter...stay tuned!
should have Hollywood speak about the sanctity of marriage.
One important thing I’ve leaned in life is that I don’t need to have an opinion about everything and probably shouldn’t.
Thanks ! I'm not a very active blogger, but glad you enjoyed it! :)
impossability - noun - some shit you'll never be able to do.
I ran into Alan Rickman's umbrella.
People yearn to breathe free in Tunis. FTW Carthage 2011
To lengthen thy Life, lessen thy meals
Have a great Easter weekend everyone!
How do you feel abt the delete feature on comments ? Elsewhere, w/ heated discussion, it's been a real detriment.
- Work gets in the way of so many things.
"Blessings of the Animals" THIS Saturday, 10/8, 11AM. St. George's Episcopal Church at 2nd & U NW in Bloomingdale. Bring your critters!
and again...wow.
Thank you kindly for the RT!
Happy Friday...
Im done here 💤
#bored someone text me
Coming soon . . . .local crowdfunding platform is hosting a campaign for
surprisingly delicious. They claim South Carolina raised.
A person with a loving heart does not seek revenge.
first of all she is not a teen and secondly she has a thriving career, more than you will accomplish
This song will now be stuck in my head all day. Haha thank you!
Penn State game just announced for 3:30pm start time!
Where are all the gentlemen? 3 guys arrive after me in the elevator bank and get on before me.
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please?
best pit stop ever!
Yay, glad you liked it!
Fuck that new girl
Inaugural Catalpa Festival in NYC, July 28-29th. Black Keys, Snoop Dog, tv on the radio, Big Pink, City and Colour!!
Think of two reasons you should be proud of yourself. Write them down. Say them aloud. Marinate in them. Repeat.
Thanks for the RT!
Woohoo! Our actor got the director/producer callback for the pilot, Americana in NY. 3rd time in!! Yes!
I always thought it was about the ramapo h.s. (NJ) kids that hid a pregnancy and dumped baby in a motel dumpster.
Did you swerve while walking? I'm fine. Busy day. Watching Frasier and getting a good laugh.
Report: 300 million users now access Facebook via a mobile app
Get out and enjoy this beautiful weather! Don't forget we have kid’s meals for just 99-cents today at all Colorado Applebee’s.
Nobody likes me and I could give 2Fucks AND 1Damn
#GamerPickupLines ill have you seeing clouds in your final fantasy
I hear they tip well, true story?
don't make a comment about the cop van hanging out on 3rd within earshot of a crackhead. I practically ran to the office.
Which parent's?
Just finished 2nd week of Chest and Back
I hope they do!
Definitely. RT : Barbie Graveyard. A million doll hairs. You feel me?
I love the people who can make me smile, even when i'm in one of my worst moods,and completely heartbroken. (:
I will be there!
Rams vs. Bengals at 1pm here in C-town. What a matchup!
Tweets from the future.
Chilling in Ms.Conrad's class... i'm her first real follower! follow her at
I want Henry and Don to have a Handsome-Off.
The classics: Mangia for dinner, Frank's Diner for b'fast/ lunch. HobNob for a supper club. Pazzo, upscale bar. Big Star Drive-In!
i suppose i can watch this show while i wait hours for my online dynasty to advance.
Rain washes it clean and brings out the PNW green
Has anyone tried this "Hint" brand of flavored water? Men's Health said its the healthiest line out. Im going to try it this weekend.
“: Fuck it calling in sick to spend the day with her:-)” Awww! That's wassup!
same here
We’d Just Stare In Each Others Eyes Until A Smile Cracked The Silence Of Our Lips.
Hey fans I'm making a video for Justin biebers bday if u want to be in it send ur pics to
You must answer trivia question posted @ 4pm EST in the official twitter handle of athlete (answer) & follow that athlete &
Hi Travis, I was wondering if you know anyone in Phila that would be interested in position like Java/MongoDB/AWS?
Are you coming to the DC area?
Go Follow
Every bad boy needs a good girl!
Happy birthdayayaay to from me abbey Merhige and !!!! <3
Your changing offuts shows how dizzy you are, have him contact me NOW.
Brunch chill practice.
Near Bloomingdale's, Barney's or Bergdorf? Grab Lunch at Brio, 61st street between Lexington and Park Avenue...
ugh... this day is just dragging! i know you like the rain and all but its making me sleepy
#ivoted at my local polling place (a middle school) this afternoon and waited ca 15 minutes. Not enough voting machines, it seems.
When's the last time Lucroy pulled a ball?
Making the executive decision to stay in for the rest of the night, cuddled up with greys anatomy reruns 👍
:P oh shush I wasnt thinking properly:X
I thought I wasn't drunk, so I ordered an LIT. Come to find out...I am already drunk =/
There is something so eternally appealing about a girl with a pouty expression.
Trust me, I know what I'm talking about :) Good luck!
#Black eyed peas concert was amazing! So fun, but hoping I dont get pneumonia :(
I was never afraid of failure, for I would sooner fail than not be among the best. - John Keats
The haunting hour with the girls
Sick to my stomach watching the police interrogation of 13-year-old boy on 20/20.
RT : Awareness of our mortality makes every moment precious so the purpose of life can become the expansion of happiness.
PMS: stands for either "Pass My Shotgun" or "Potential Murder Suspect". Take your pick.
"Mashup or Crashup" about to start! 204 A/B
Got some pretty damn exotic Yoplait goin on here at the Gelson's
welcome to the #Bears!! Gonna be an awesome year! Can't wait to see you work!
RT : There should be an extra day built into the week just for sleeping.
#StopOahuRail Dear #HART some history. Aloha Stadium (rust makes it stronger) that's what they said need I say more. Steel on Steel Rail...
How many kids do you think Shawn Camp has?
If your dark skin and say you dnt think your pretty cuz your dark skin.. I cant even pass you these handouts the teacher gave me..
Make sure you get out to vote tommorrow. DC Primary for Ward 4,7,8 and At-Large. Exciting times in DC
Greetings from Seattle! Would love to connect re speaking at our geek meetup (remotely)!
Found the ultimate space for this year's tailgate concert. Check back soon to see who's performing!!!
I'm working the night shift, taking care of a guy with stage 4 cancer, that's why. Wish I could always stay up haha
Where is ?
He that has acquired learning and nor practised what he has learnt, is like a man who ploughs but sows no seed.
RT : Still need 58 followers before we're giving away 10 hoodies. Please ask your friends to follow us. Do it for the children.
yes always have them with you, you don't know what will ever happen!
"If the shit fits, wear it!"
Fun fact: Chick-fil-A was the first restaurant chain to sell chicken nuggets.
Apple gives away bumper stickers with their computers, phones and tablets. It's a nice sticker. You both overthink.
Forgot my cell at home. FYI. The GMAT guy isn't here...if he doesn't show, I'm home after 11. *fingers crossed*
Want Infuze to feature your winery at our monthly wine tastings? Email and let us know!
This is the worst bulls game I've seen..
Just saw Paranormal Activity 3....I liked the other ones better...but oh well it was still fun :D
Mother's Day 2012: The Elanders take Intelligentsia Broadway and I get new glasses! SO EXCITED!
just sprained my ankle rock climbing .. embarrassing .
Thanks for sharing the B2B marketing email stats. Benchmark data are so difficult to come by.
The little Titties
I'm so happy to see such a big response for new song Hiq Vich Jor - Bhagat Singh. Hard work pays off. Thank you for the love!
RT : One essential outcome should be for students to formulate their own questions
Well we need to hang ASAP then! lol
it's gonna be good to see you again sir! I work for Nashville now so ya gotta put up with me at camp brother.
Brothers from another mother!
gurrrrl! the potty humor is a bonus. :D
Has any economist yet calculated the loss of productivity today in the global economy due to Scarlett Johansson?
oh you will when I hold a knife to your head!
Morning. And to all my follows who are posting pictures of blunts on social media sites.....be smart! agencies and companies are watching.
Exactly what kind of tests are you performing on the cara cara orange? RT : testing
NOW: Obama targets females, while Santorum & Gingrich duke it out in an effort to win over southern conservatives
Naw not 2day I'm chillin & relaxing but this weekend hell yeah
Congrats tiger
Very glad the refs are letting them play early
I wish you liked me the way I liked you......
HAPPY THONG THURSDAY to all da LADIES ... Make it a GREAT DAy Fam
what? Somebody gave up their glittercorn?!?!? Insanity.
Loved Midnight in Paris, the new Woody Allen movie @ Kendall Sq Cinema!
can't wait to see them!
Matty please tell me that means pretty girl problems hahahah
dude. You know the minute I meet a chick I size her up to see if she is NRZ material.
I WAS FOOLED BY SATIRE! But really though, it's something that seemed totally possible in Arizona.
Got home in time to see hubby leaving 4 karate w/ 7-yr-old. My son had a cookie in 1 hand and marshmallow in the other.I am so sorry Sempei.
immanentizing the carbohydrates
You close your eyes and you're on a chicken farm, the only problem's that the chickens have human arms..
Burlesque will never be the same since we have got a hold of it!!!
You stayed home?
we figured you were taking amazing picture angles of pool tables ..
Go get "inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle" on itunes!!
congrats on the double wins today!
Haters STOP hatin on just cause he beaten up in 2009, 4yrs ago init
I guess the lord heard my prayer its drizziling now
(c) who u like, what you're listening to or what your wearing shrug it off an tell them they should try being themselves instead of a copy.
What are your three biggest milestones over the past year?
Jets bitching against each other - not sure how that helps !
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited, or erased it can only be accepted <3
RT : Come over to the Indy Tasting Room for $10 pitchers and soem Irish music! :) Happy Sunday!
Whew! So glad.
Me Elks are being Brats! Elk Bratwurst today! Try my Double D's! Dense & Delicious BROWNIES
Just a reminder that SCAN will be closed on Monday, Sept. 6th, Labor Day.
Off to work....then Finally can relax!
as long as you bring booze.
"182, sold it for 10. Yeah. "
RT : It was great meeting this weekend.
#FresnoDLD Thanks everyone for participating in our first twitter chat. And thanks for jumping into the fray!
I am LMAOF at you TL I don't even know where to start
Be peace...
My luggage in the overhead compartment was really whamed in there!!! @$)&"@/$!!!
Life without love is like a tree without fruit....how sad!
Everyone is raving and relaxing with our Hot Stone Facial!
Definitely getting to that time of year!
GET THE Squirrel!
I don't drink soda anymore.
#thevoice is gonna be incredible this season!
": If shorty ain't a dime piece than she ain't on my radar"the 1 on ya radar the 1
This gets a YES: MT A connection between health + outdoors is solid. Calling it a disorder is spurious.
GAs can benefit from having a needs/solution based focus to use with their students.
I feel like I am living in the Matrix. Did I accidently take the blue pill?
Awesome - How are you doing?
you are welcome! We love hearing about our former students doing great things.
like a real G
Knicks took home the win!
Looking forward to your call! Tell my producer you are "Real Brother" from Twitter.
“: this is milwaukee cant trust many ppl”you ain't lying bro.
I like how when am yelling at my dogs they just wag their tails and run around in circles.
I missed you twitter. Been locked out by !
Wedding venue shopping with my newly engaged sister! Now at Franciscan Gardens in San Juan Capistrano :)
Too Busy For Exercise? - Better Fitness Daily I shared a message one time called "Living at the speed of Blur". The message talked...
Sorry. I'm busy. What did you want to say?
Now that the Pres. has made his statement, let the fun begin.
on your dim sum LivingSocial deal, can you accommodate dietary restrictions?
The DC Carnival Kickoff @ Ultrabar 2night|Tables start @ $300| Make sure to RSVP by txting names of u & ur guests 4 hook-up: 7034073810
#natslive: the wallflowers?
Earthquake in downtown DC
Jack: i never sleep on planes, i dont want to ever get incepted
#quotes If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success. J D Rockefeller
Wishing I could jump on a plane to visit my dad!!
Very results oriented.
I possibly just drew on my face studying for midterms.
because only people in your youth group matter
Happy Birthday to one of the most SEXIEST men alive! :)
Headed to #RockyTop to see my boys play! #Orange&White
WTF!!!! Why did Twitter have to make it so hard to delete a tweet while using Twitter through its website?
Holy mother of God. Juliette Simms just killed that!!!!!! #TheVoice and umm Xtina, WE KNOW YOU'RE SICK.
Trying to sleep with a 1000 things on your mind<<<
What book changed your life?
Watching the season finale of The Bad Girls Club. Yeah Buddy!!!!!!!
yes PARADISE will be another level ...lets shoot for early June!
I remember that one time, before Facebook, when I went outside and did stuff.
Thank you, too! Had a blast!
Stunning! Visiting Maui soon. Any must-see's/do's?
I must see in Evita ASAP
There should be a warning label on Captain Crunch which reads: "WARNING: Will probably f*** the roof of your mouth up."
Line of T-storms set to push through the metro within the next hour... nothing severe at the moment, but expect heavy rain.
Free ASNAU shirts are worth getting up at 8 AM for. Also, IS the president of Aspen! Wahoo!
can you RT #IfSoccerTrendsDuringSuperBowl - we are trying to #GrowTheGame in the US off the back of the great game this morning!
What are you, a freshmen?
I've decided I need fairy lights in my life...indoors or in my garden, this is the question.
girl it's your bday, you better be looking for compliments 💅
what is going on
Just discovered Gotye!
woohoo! Glad the shoot was a success!
Does anyone want to tell me why and what I need to use an inscribed angle during my career?
Lots of shopping today. Exhausting.
this is extremely ironic
sounds interesting...
loved your upbeat & positive presentation at the
Gross I'm in austin right now and still #wreckem RT : Got $20 on Texas. So for the first time ever
Nice night chatting with a good friend over a beer.
cause america is so fat.
Hi Wilbert! I don't take Melanie or Monie but I take just about everyone else. You're a brave soul for taking Melanie!
Trying not to feel overwhelmed by all the stuff I have to do to get ahead...ADD is so much fun! OK, I am starting with Vo auditions.
Absolutely, the potential is astounding - thanks for coming to talk to us about it!
shut up u bout to make my screen go black wit ur talking ass
laughable - is this your old gig? 30 hours paid - 30 for free? no director only works certain hours
“: hahaha my ex looks like Justin Bieber” LMFAO!!!!!!!!!
lol“: Michelle Duggar...jesus....it's not a clown car, for pete's sake.”
Hui Lanakila will perform on Saturday at 1 pm at the Maui Mall center stage.
Confluence isn't so bad as all that.
Out in WV for work. I feel so uncomfortable.
Does not make someone skinny but of course u would care u have no standards to u everyone is pretty
I got the lovely mesh circle leather pellet top. I love it but don't love the trail of leather circles that fall off wearing it
Do we syndicate? Other than RSS, no, but we are open to new ideas. What methods do you have in mind? Something cool we don't know about?
No matter what you do tonight, take a few deep breaths and reflect on the past year. The visualize all that you'll accomplish in 2012.
Looking out the window, nothing but shades of gray
its because your weak as hell bitch ;D jk babe
Hello everybody I am killing this twitter account for the most part. Follow me
I just compared the Statue of Liberty to a vagina... give me your poor, give me your needy, give me your homeless.
2012 Resolution...... Become fluent in gibberish ......nobody's called that one!
Love someone who doesn't deserve it. ~ Author Unknown
Every form of technology has transformed us without us even knowing it. #whatsnextdc Whaaaaaa???
- Digital humanities can break down the divide by requiring all source code comments to be in the form of limericks or haiku.
Caldera's Ashland Amber: Pooping rays of hoppy sunshine into yr cup. Magical brown liquids devoid of fecal matter + awash in happiness.
Goodnight Facebook hope everyone will have safe travels going back home...we need ti have a family reunion this summer....
Somebody stole Tom Petty's guitars!!! Huge fans at Scholars! Please RT to help get them back! Damn the Torpedoes!!!
that's goin the opposite way. Don't need to waste gas. Lol.
Would you rather date Zelda from Legend of Zelda or Hayley From Paramore?
Also, what types of classes would you like to see? We love the feedback, so thank you, Mike!
I'm so sad you can't be here to go out this weekend wahhh :(( But thank you love and miss you so much!
Thanks!! I love them :)
Closing early ...nine o clock ...
Love the work that is doing to protect and beautify our world! good job!!!
Saw a dolphin! Best. Vaca. Ever!
Here's to a fabulous day! Cheers
>>> Thank You... you as well
I hope that's a joke... “: the coyotes' maroon jerseys are among the best in the league”
merry christmas to you too!!
I don't want to spend my entire weekend at my school. ):
spell-check has never been his strong suit. :)
:D I kissed my best friend... and I liked it. The taste of his coca-cola ;D haha. :3 HE LIKES ME TOO! <3 Did I say like? He LOVES ME TOO! :D
Old time radio podcasts on iTunes! Let's all crowd around the victrola
I'm a nerd. We know this. But can we go ahead and end "may the 4th be with you" already?
feeling like shit, hope this goes away before monday.
I thought he was never going to have one! And now that he is! I'm like going no matter if I'm sick or it's pouring rain!!!!!!!
4 hours of work are standing between me and a whole night of #thecrunkchronicles aka
It's Republican Caucus night! Are you attending? Let us know about your experience.
Somehow, hearing Silversun Pickups for the 1st time made me less "meh" about Wild Flag. Perception is an odd thing.
Take what you do and love serious and serious things will happen for you- Scottie Spits
16 more students to finish....
hello here in Italy is 2:42 pm but I would like them to be in los angeles <3
I cant argue but not agree either I dont trust any of these " big brother " fucks
#Cocks stick it to the #Gators. Win game 1.
Aww roomie took me to Starbucks for birthday coffee to "give the day a great start" she's so sweet! 🎈🎈🎈
Salute the ones who died the ones who give their lives so we don't have to sacrifice all the things we love
Adoption of electronic health records must include full engagement with the family for success
Building friendships are easy,rebuilding them are the hardest.
see you guys July 9th ;) first time in almost 2 years <3 finally
I'd REALLY hate to be Thom Thibodeau right now.
Great meeting you today ! Thanks for having at , it was fun!
I need to get out of the place I'm in. Take me to a place where I don't know anybody.
my wife is actually finished the half marathon portion of it just a bit ago!
We hear Portland summers are the best, so what makes for a great Portland summer?
can u plzzzzzz follow me
Harry introduces Dr. Cheryl Metoyer, Associate Dean for Research. Cheryl talking passionately about the research at the iSchool.
Just read it again: fair, proud, and handsome
Tweet from 35,000 feet. Wifi on planes is cool!
#BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl tell her you love her. Works on me.
Who?? RT : Amazing: a company with 10000 employees and 6 followers on twitter.... what's wrong here....
Looking forward to FCSN's Visions of Community conference tomorrow in Boston.
Happy Birthday to my friend Aruther and to my beautiful niece Marla love you :-)
haha I also put tomorrow in my next tweet
Wow, December rain in WI. Fight global warming with a cold #beer! It's what our forefathers would've done. #Goat'sgotyourback.
Do you like store-bought things or handmade things? Why?
Thanks for stopping by ! Hope you enjoyed the whiskey and beer you tried!
Three under in the last three holes i've played.
im a true believer! forever the optimist etc etc...but I definately know when another chapter is to close in our history
I'm tired.. I wonder how this week is gonna go
Norquist boasts of his "Taxpayer Protection Pledge" on AfTR's website...
Happy one day anniversary! <3
