Super J of and ! They are rockin' the red carpet representing !
maybe some "family planking" one day?
Awee you look like an infant in your picture
that is pretty much what i did and of course push notifications are off as well
not going. to lazy.
My Kroger shopping experience is not particularly enhanced by this live rendition of "Gilligan's Isle."
Me too. Last day of class!
*Tickle Tickle* ^.^
Once again, for my #Ladies.. So before you "celebrate" in the belief that "He Chose Me, He ❤'s Me"...strongly consider YOU may be
So Tebowing home is unsportsmanship-like? DGAF, Cassie. I'll sport the T when I want to.
what about the horns on the dl from Memphis? Who do you want for pack?
The day I understand Chemistry is the day hell freezes over
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 75F PARTLY CLOUDY
A 20 min #kettlebell workout burns about 21 cals/min, the equivalent of running a 6 min mile pace. - American Council on Exercise
Happy birthday to the amazing ! Wishing you unicorns, rainbows, and Republican election victories today.
Either, just something hot that we haven't done a vid for yet...
Wembley tomorrow, super pumped
thanks for the RT!
oh ya..and make all jails and penitentiaries public domain so there is no legal system profiteering by private ownership groups
Dial 976 and let your hand do the rest!
Art history timeline goes social! Interactive app/wall lets u rearrange, personalize, share art across time
got it.
. - The Digital Music Panel is moving from Room 302 to a larger room 304 at Noon today!
Sounds good. I'm also proud/horrified that I'm the slouch that caused the suggestion. Gonna be a great year. //cc
haha I really wanna find a white blazer
schipp's clearly a very intelligent & hygienic dude :) RT : I dont kno who Schipp is
Celebrating the .5% Irish that I am.
what does it say??
what did I do to deserve this ...
Thanks JJ! I too hope you have a wonderful weekend! Happy Presidents Day!
In 9 minutes, I gt 86 tweets. WOW!
than all night, but whatevs! 😁
That didn't have much of a bounce off that limestone. You'd think...
Parents are the best
School tomorrow...fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
"Without music life would be a mistake." ~ Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche
It's official, I love writing again
Excited to host 's Chief Academic Officer, Heidi Ramirez, and her senior team for their retreat at our office.
That's what motivated the tweet. Artisanal makes me think of Park Slope Brooklyn (where everyone makes their own pickles)
I know I'm rooting for the #tigers but this Ackley fellow is quite attractive.
Are you really signing up??? It would be super fun to see you there! I'll be the slow one in the back...
just saw The Love Guru tonight and thought it was hilarious! :-)
You know, 12 oz of coffee really ain't all that much when it comes right down to it.
Will have a hard time adjusting to normal life again--No doubt.
RT : Do you know the word is for today? That's right - #FLYERS. Let's hear it people!!
This morning I'm awake thanks to the good, handsome peeps at King's Road Cafe, 3,000 miles away (thanks , for a gift of beans!)
On my way to a callback. Whoop whoop!
Real Talk True Story
For , Twitter is heart of online identity. Following about 2,000, followed by 7,500.
i just saw you at w #areyoufollowingme?
sitting down for lunch is relaxing, that's for sure
did Shane and Scooter write that one together? I was trying to figure out who Shane's co-writer was on this one...
sweet dreams!
No problem. Thank YOU for showing interest by retweeting the CNN Heroes article about our program.
who's do you think they can be?
With you.. I can let my hair down, I can say anything crazy. I know you'll catch me right before I hit the ground. 😘
Thnx, Lynette. Also thnx to Argo! RT : I'm 2 weeks late but Agency has first client. Congrats!
Big happy birthday to the best Oscar coverage tweeter around,
Gay or straight, love is impossible for me.
Last night's South Park- that's the good stuff.
What happened? I missed it. How did Tony "Smoke" Carl this time?
I can't wait till I see you gurl. Where going to be like white chicks. Lol hahaha
Apparently if you drink to excessively you start following
Good Q- would indicate a focus on skills-based education, but do you skip chronology? Is this for entry-level or Jr/Sr?
I'm trying to remember correctly, but aren't those involved in the judo political regime against their guys going to MMA?
Not another bad black movie....Think Like A Man
I'll feel better when I hear Sparano say it, confidently.
Q5: In today's #PR industry, does have a Master's degree help? What are your thoughts?
Nice to tweet you and !
Interviewed designer at Macy's today. Love his grunge meets classy style. So fun!
Don't forget to sign up for our Email Club! Receive exclusive offers, and be the first to know about upcoming events!
Noo Sara is (:
usually last minute haha
I think dot Marie jones coaches football in Texas would be a show I'd watch.
“If you hate a person, you hate something in him that is part of yourself. What isn’t part of ourselves doesn’t disturb us.” Hermann Hesse
Don't call me baby came on the radio today....haha!
Hi Kristi! Happy to connect with a goal getting ninja! Rock on : )
I never do this, so you know it's worth it.
larkslegs asks if it is tea and cake time yet? Isn't it always tea and cake time? I know it's always teatime :)!
phew. glad i was able to sort out that $200 fine from the SF Public Library.
one of Gilbert's marketing guys is talking about how big of a fanatic he is
- I'm not sure how to take that. ;)
Brandolph long flick gets blocked by #Rampage defender, but Trey Katzenbach lays out to catch the block in the end zone for a 23-18 lead.
Learning how to speak speak the language of Sanskrit. It is such a beautiful and powerful language! :)
Almost fell asleep like a idiot
is there really any such thing as a private though anymore
Of course it's political! You don't shoot a politician just because you don't like the color of their shoes.
Thanks for the RT about Little Miss Lovesick! You guys rock!! :)
i really wish Primo would get here with my hoagie already!!! my tummy is rumbling!
Holiday Bowl on now! $4 Long Horny & Golden Bears. Happy Hour is on! Win a Trip! Be entered in our trip give away just for showing up.
#20ThingsAboutMe 14.) I'm really shy.
Are you #thetypeofperson who wants to #reform NY's #criminaljustice system through grassroots #advocacy? Answer: YES.
Good morning fellow TWEETERS! It's a beautiful day at Disney World. Currently 85 degrees. Wind: N. at 0 mph. Humidity 75%.........
I agree. I was a bit teary
Whidbey would be fun!
In Afghanistan, just defeating the culture of corruption/dishonesty is a huge first step. That will take decades.
I love getting breakfast ready to the sounds of my 3 & 2 year olds yelling letters to Super Why
us too. We were there 3 times today alone...
Tonight's score - #Yoga = 1, = 0. My thighs are DEAD.
The Return Of TIpsy Tuesday Tonight @ Bombay Ranch (FRED RD) No Cover $2.50 Jack & Bud Select Be There Or Be Square
Check out one of faves she will be attending their home show july 16 in atlanta
Morning! All work an no play unfortunately. I need 48 hours in the day. How bout choo?
Distractions<<<<>>>screaming!
I can't believe you admitted publicly to having watched that "film"! Hah.
Oh no V-Mart
I remember when I heard MCA had cancer, he seemed so healthy in the Beastie's vlog. I thought he had healed and was speaking of him recently
Judy Collins?
Its about to get live for this girls night tonight.
About to watch #Yojimbo. Because #grading can wait till tomorrow, and I have time to do whatever I feel like doing.
aww yea u should go!
#ificantakebackonething that dvd I rented
I should have stayed home!
was in beast mode during this game. USF loaded the box up and he still pounded the rock.
9 minute nap.
Three page field notes? Check. Now, five page essay to relate my notes to a certain theme...? O.
your welcome beautiful hope you have a great weekend :)
Pandora is all I got right now
Gotta get the car fixed...
:) btw where are you from?
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <34642
I love you <3
"Mash" is simple & obvious, but works on so many levels!
He's okay now, thnx for askin'. We got him squared away..
looking for a qa engineer that is passionate about security!
Today's trip to the gym will be replaced by a glass of red wine and maybe some oysters.
Can't wait to see all my KDA Dancers on Monday! I have missed them so much and ready to hear all their Spring Break stories!
's jeans size is 28-32 :)
you welcome :)) how old are u?
Oh, I'm so sorry. Get well soon. Not quite the way to ring in a new hometown.
Come rain or come shine, my new motto. Please dont jock, better yet please do : )
Misty because I miss !! Wish I could see her today
Kameron Woods with a HUGE block as in the lane.
O I wanna fight so many people at my school . Talk shit bout fam you'll get your ass murked IDGAF.
i know right i mean really we are so dedicated to him and he doesn't even notice it
Tip. Don't wear Mocs or Toms on a rainy day. You will be walking around with smelly puddles inside your shoes -_-
Have a PIZZA-Palooza Day! NORTH AVENUE 270.1880 BAY VIEW 238.2406 DINE IN! - PICK UP! - DELIVERY!
Way to ruin kickoffs Might as well just make it another TV timeout.
It was a pleasure to finally meet yesterday!
Reporting on your own superheroic activity while in your secret identity as a reporter is an ethics violation, MR. KENT.
Sent samples to . this week. Can't wait to see the way they style them on their blog! :)
why is twitter so dead today? where is everyone!?
#MamaSays knock u out !
Dont take out ur frustration on people that are there for u. No one should be punished for being ur friend
I'm watching the last couple of episodes of Eastbound and Down....
freshly eaten PUKED OUT nachos.
I hate it when people play around with me when I'm not in the mood!
#hcsm T3: basics to advanced: websites, then blogs, then METRICS / ROI, then 140 characters, then video/pinterest/etc.
It's funny how you hated me like... 2 days ago, and now you're trying to suck up to me.
Morning TWEEPie'Kins! Breathe....belly-back & ribs...sustain....Now INTONE......Ah h....
thanks and right back atcha! :)
Gotta love seeing T.J Who's your mama returning punts for the Raiders
By the way the owner/creator is if you look at her page you can view our logo it's her background
& - thank you for the follow!!!
Re: prank. I have too many followers. I am not that interesting. You must be using bots.
the gym is my "think tank"
Why can't I sleep anymore?
Who else is over this weather?
I put more thought into this year's Halloween costume than most parents devote to deciding who should get their kids if they die.
21 Jump Street
Wake-N-Bake
is going to build a new flight tracker app in 11 minutes using the
oh em gee. There's someone on Instagram and he looks EXACTLY like you :o
Loving the la perla tequila drink - cannot wait for dinner!
please turn to syfy right this moment... this show is fucking amazing
Damn it, put Serge on Bynum. SH!T.
Alright, i'm on my bed happy and tired. Great day at the carnival, now for some sleep<3 goodnight:)
Im in pain OMG
There wasnt wifi..fuck liars got my hopes up
Sounds perfect for Zebra2 and is something I've wanted for a while.
gonna sleep now, good night everybody#ciao!
i think
thanks for the RT, hope you are well and have a great weekend :-).
Kudos to the people making my hometown a little better. Keep at it,
sometimes, i can move my jaw into a certain position and all the creativity in the universe is channeled through my fingers and chin.
Great submission & Keep em comin' this is the LAST WEEKEND to Submit! We will vote on the #top10 next week!!!!
the day u follow me will literally never happen :(and it breaks my heart
Screening« We can make out. Just this once. But you'll have to fill out this application first.»
ain't nothing wrong with ocd, as long as it's for me. ;)
u have done many cover tunes of other artist songs has any artist ever done a cover tune of any of your songs?? If so what song/songs/
Just figured out how to change the image of my apps on the new timeline!!!! Yippee!
There are 5 primaries on the #GOP side, and ALL of them are meaningless. We know Romney will win them all, but by how much?
yummy!! Any specialities?!
yes to
When gets married we'll all be in line waiting to see who gets the
u can't go wrong wit that at all..
"ONLY way Stephen A. would beat me boxing is if he talked so much he finally got on my nerves, distracted me & landed one lucky shot."
I was hoping you'd notice that.
Thank you lady!
I let the littlest things irritate me. Gotta' cut that out.
That I do.
oh yea i forgot! and why your not coming?!
you need a freelance #designer / #Illustrator / #collab ? --
OMG, Spain scores the game winner in the 116th minute.
ill see you in my dreams, and hopefully ill wake up and your be following me,if that happened id be the happiest girl ever(yn)
no lol. but I freakin forgott her name. Its awkward to ask my mom.. so do u remember?
I'm glad I can make a difference in the lives of others by stealing Ben & Jerry's
see what you did!
We will be in Seven Hills this Sunday for the chili cook off and fall fest! Come check out our table and pick up a Cleveland Tee!
Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there... -- Michael Jordan
Thanks Norelie! yes I'm at #TEDMED. Hope to see you in miami!
i got mexicans that a push ya wig bak nigga
We attended last years event. A great event for Technology managers, professionals, developers, etc. So many tracks to choose from
Watching talk about new Source menu on Foodie & The Beast Live at Carmine's. Head Mixologist shares sips with the audience. Yum!
hey mamab how are u,have a good day
Unless you're from Lindstrom, MN
I cant believe people are still wearing croc's
next topic: unsolicited RFPs ... are you still wasting your time jumping through these hoops?
that just makes me realize HOW famous Howard Stern is.
Does anyone know where the "off" switch is located on 5 year olds?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)
Beach bound
victory L?
In your own words, but cite your sources. Your paper must be in APA.
Thanks and !
We are so happy to be featured at The Center for Fiction in NYC! And, yes, our books ARE fabulous.
Would love to get resources (besides KahnU) for A2 or geometry students to get explanations or practice skills at a high level. Hook me up!
Softball practice ;)
This photo is great! The hats are definitely very interesting....:D
Glad Joseph Kony has finally been toppled. All it took was a dumb idealist stapling a blurry political patch to the tree in my yard.
At this rate, I'm going to be here until Saturday.......not looking good.
Am I the only one who hates Nick Cannon ? -.- guess so ?
Umm i can come get em tonight if you're free
No nail lady I don't have any fingernails, I bit them all off before I got here. Discount?
hotels without on demand movies
aw so cute
thanks for the RT & taking the pic with my son!! God bless
WCAR just makes everything better. I can't wait to see them July 29th.
In Denver tonight and wanna kick it with Models poppin' Bottles? I got the hookup so hit me back ASAP!!!!!!!! =)
Just chomped down the most tart mouth watering slobber inducing mango on the planet.
#StrangeClouds today. might as well check this #HotInCleveland2 out while I'm at it.
lol that you are pretty lady!!!
and Mike Blase hanging out at Driven. Mike, aka Mikey at driven, is a fucking crazy wizard.
New journals in Journal of Korean Religion from Cultural Politics from and Mediaevalia from SUNY Press
someone also wrote admissions instead of emissions!!! i died #areyouretarded hahaha
Business calls and more business calls for They were all fun though.
Haha! I hope sees this!
Today Twitter Word of the Day: "Nostalgia"
Aw, RIP Defiant. One of my last acting gigs was in one of their last shows.
Making a choice on a Twin Prognosis Drug Rehab Coursec ...
Kozinski on surveillance state: "The idea that any of us are anonymous is an illusion... Anonymity could be key policy issue of 21st cent."
ohh excellent choice! Think you'll like it better than Oklahoma
Chief Executive Magazine ranks Wisconsin as the 20th best state to do business, up four spots since last year and up 21 spots since 2010.
Montgomery County wellness calendar, May 3-10 - Washington Post
So, do you want to know another change?? :)
Guess what? You actually have a choice between what upsets you and what doesn't. Use it!
Lips that felt just like the inside of a rose..🎵
Motherficker steady hitting on breaks and shit
Just sat with Deputy Sec Porcari, US DOT, for lunch. High level fed in touch with local transportation needs. Great speaker, strong values.
My daughter goes to bayview high school. Or maybe she doesn't go and that's why they call me so much about her.
I feel like an outcast... I'm the only one without a tat.
...protesters that don't like him
RT much appreciated! :)
yeah i was just kicking it with him
Are pigtails back as a hairstyle? Are they still called pigtails? Regardless, I totally approve. Totally.
Hanging out with good folks is all that matters.
The refs should just let Duke start in the bonus tonight so I can make my peace with it now and not in 4 hours.
Cool story bro. Wanna hear mine? Once upon a time, nobody gave a fuck. The end.
I really don't like you..
GIVEAWAY: free iTunes download of April Showers, May Flowers album. Email me what year was Rubik's cube invented?
thanks I just changed it to one that isn't moving so that there isn't that random fucking circle in the middle XD
Your her girlfriend but she DON'T HAVE TIME FOR YOU ... THAT'S NOT A RELATIONSHIP LIL MAMA
Tonight's one thing: write a Fahrenheit-to-Celcius conversion program in BASIC-1965, to test the interpreter.
Yecch. Always an uphill struggle, but SMO neighbors seem to have a fair shot at eventually shutting down that kind of thing.
Me: That's gay. Guy: It's gay that I'm calling you before I take my nap? Me: Uh lol, yeah. Guy: Alright, I'll call someone else. Me: No!
When do you come home ?!
Looking for a good book on explaining Social Media -- anyone know one?
it was really amazing
RT Be patient...the best thing is that you achieve your dreams and goals when you are able to handle them!
Thumbs up. Especially the Q&A discussion around database vs. book.
I would have settled for a sac fly!
": New track from is fire… Chicago gonna get rinsed on Sat..." Going to drop it on my next set!
Nature Conservancy names two new board members - Cape Gazette
Running sound for the conference
ideawf.com officially kicks off in Wichita Falls, Texas. Got an idea? Want to own your own business? This is your chance to get started.
There are billions of people in the world. Why are you letting one of them ruin your life?
We have a pretty sweet steam punk pin I think you'll like! Definitely saving one for you!
We're today's Deal of the Day ! $125 of services for only $50! www.GrouponBoston.com
Shout Out follow
I'm in dire need of a trim. I won't even tell you how long it's been. Let just say that my ends are starting to revolt.
From a non NASCAR fan: that is EXACTLY what I thought the President of NASCAR would look like. Also he says "warsh"
I've been very fortunate to be able to jump around
School tomorrow. I won't be able to tweet alot now that I'm going to be busy :o
It's a huge grown-up moment, so enjoy. :) And post some pics if you think of it. Cheers.
On St Patrick's Day I started THE LAST STORY TELLER by Frank Delaney
'Ello 'Ello! We are now connected on 3 different social media platforms! Haha
just proves that they really do a great job in raising daya to be the best person she could be 😄
Greatest news so far this morning via : Hanson brothers are creating an IPA called MmmHop.
RT : Up next: #2012ASA in San Juan, Puerto Rico. Sincerely, Your #2011ASA Program Committee led by the brilliant
gee thanks
ok I'll brb
My 6 yo plays with her plastic play food. Runs around yelling "where's my fondant?"
why are you talking
Yup! Nolan isn't trying to make comic book movies though. His are in a totally different ballpark.
#HappyEaster every1! May your gas not smell 2 much like eggs 2nite & 2maro (for the sake of your friends and family).
Dimkin a beer at mark Strauss watching the Lakers
Last meeting of the semester. Just wait till January...
Journaled tonight. I need to do it more often...
the conservatively partisan was not among the #Catholic group criticizing the Ryan budget.
At last a fight worth watching hats off to Brandon Rios & Gamboa can't wait till April. Boxing needs more fighters w/ heart
RT fun time on Rachael Ray show... and no cooking! (You know what must be done to survive)
The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once.-Albert Einstein
When's the book coming out?
What is it that makes an apartment special to you?
Thanks for your help during
it seriously saved me hours of work though, then she didn't eat my pizza. She's okay by me right now
off to the POOL! hellsyeah
ND must clutch for me too. Losing isn't an option haha
too much food?? lol
Has the GOP held their Forum on Women yet? No, they're too busy taking away our rights.
Can we get a God damned Ryan Braun ruling yet?
writing what you want to say to an audience in advance & projecting it on a TelePrompTer, that's savvy.
Black Girls : Bitch Beat Her Ass And If U Lose Immaa Help u ,
and you never show it ): I never get hugs and barley get love you's 😔
finished Caztro's video check it out
lol I hope so
That's great. You guys will really enjoy it!
#AskObama - Can we reduce our armed forces in Europe and Asia to reduce defense budget?
Sons of Anarchy tomorrow!
that's generally when he starts shooting.
Seriously who gets hyper on a school night? O.o -_-
shut your pie hole titanic megamind
Dever plans to be liaison between students & committee, says cant be student voice
it's the most wonderful time of the year: MASTERS WEEK.
looks like the people need a PD James/ collaboration - it'd rock their world!
Is Bettman expected to announce a local ownership group to buy the Coyotes and keep them in Phoenix?
Ha RT : I'm 30 i have no kids, never been to prison, and never been married... I'm like a Mexican myth... I'm a fucking chupacabra
"We're going to steak night. We're gonna eat it right. Steak is such a treat. It is the world's best meat."
You know you've made it when Teddy Long rubs oil on you.
can you follow ? i followed all of them!
his "catchphrases" are so overdone and annoying he's basically unbearable. Lol
First day of work!
The sweetest gift in the world is a hug from my kids
we revamp in 32 days =0
do you know how to find out what an actress was wearing in a movie? Brands etc.
Not feelig comfortable ina new postion in soccer & not playing like your self <<<<<
I wonder what the weatherman would say if I messaged him on Facebook saying 'Hey I saw you on tv'
Any ideas for sketches? We are very open to ideas
There's no joking around today. Most productive Sunday is on it's way!
Can't wait to see my auntie lil boy
My prayer list of people is expanding, today it went from 97 to like 120 !! Excited for HOP tonight !! Wow God is good!! =D
most probably.. just gotta make arrangements :)
what's going on? Kick him out and I'll move in :)
Just got done play a few games of tennis in the heat. Hydration time.
im bout to report y azz spam.. lol..plzz change yo password
29 names submitted for proxy baptisms; I'd call that a productive weekend
Watching Madeas Big Happy Family:)
It's Friday and I'm about to deliver a massive student services survey project I've been working on for a client since August. Hooray!
GameStop. They aren't hiring though. :(
Fabbrizi wins trap, Klimov rapid fire at World Cup
i swear i would love someone FOREVER if they brought me some Chipotle to my job right now:)
Power still out in our Needham neighborhood...going on 5 hours. Flooding and downed trees and tree limb abound.
How come pain lasts longer than just being happy
They are in my book. Yankees, Duke . . . RT : The Miami Heat is the most hated team in sports history. Is there any debate?
hard work is all it takes....u got the talent just need to focus on our game plan...keep up the good work...
More than likely the worst weekend of my life..
naw fam I only listen to conscious rap now lol
Gabby Giffords -Very inspirational! Nice to see our US Reps unite on both sides of the Isle.
amazing view! Enjoy the evening.
Also the boss so no grassing about me standing on here loads Follow im within the mood to visit greyhound racing
Game 162 of last year on ESPN2 right now. As an #orioles fan, this is sadly one of the happiest moments of the last 14 years.
That's I'm? A toy?
Let's go Cayyuuts!!
I hope you win too! :) good luck :)
Hell yea working on followers already have 82 from the 13 i had this morning
I'm addicted to presenting. I'm on such a high now. Hope you all enjoyed the Games session!!!
Wit his bitch ass RT : I don't care what you Heat fans talking bout. Yo best player should take the last shot.
Know how I know it's time for a ski trip? It's snowing like crazy here!
"His name is Bob and he is hot."-Julia
Panel says DOJ antitrust enforcement tone has mirrored the tone of Obama administration: pragmatic and cautious.
I like the finale though! Feel like they tied it up nicely.
thanks for the stone soup mention...everyone here appreciates the support
no luck. Ahh well money saved for obsidians
what up main?
Again ?? Smh when will u learn Mister Wellz
no lie, even if my day is complete shit, makes it 100 times better <3
I mean really....
not at all,critical thinking is a slow progress though, i fear sheltering my kids and then opening flood gates will b worse
*crosses fingers*
same place as always lol
RT I would go out in the rain and hang out with the Occupy protesters, but I would rather occupy my couch and watch Netflix.
this is a funny week w spring break so let's schedule something the first week of april
I had over 1,000 followers but those little bitches unfollowed me. I'm pissed. Haha.
It will be up to all of us to make 2009 great. Communal Consciousness Realized. Wouldn't that be wonderful?
are you currently interning anywhere? You have really good tweets?
Thank you, Patti! And it was a lovely walk, too. :)
Good Social Media Marketing practice for Lawyers. Connect with as many other lawyers in Linkedin because of robust referral benefits & ROI.
Eventually it WILL be too late.
Trying to summon the energy for my duty shift tonight. Hoping #StPatricksDay doesn't mean a non-stop #EMS shift..
Let us go then, you and I/ When the custard is spread out against the sky
Took like 3hours to get home
in 4rth.....testing is never fun but its alright i guess........ :'(
Prof Bies: It's all about the courage to do what matters.
Woodson makes an incredible play...yawn
TNT won't let PDX watch the biggest home game of the year. -this might be the bigger story over the game itself.
Make sure you follow us on twitter!!!! also post your twitter account so we can follow you as well!! Have a great day!!!
Our current slice of the week: Rosemary roasted pork loin, fresh garlic, and onions. .
Charities received $500M from property/casualty insurance industry in 2010 (Insurance Headlines)
Sorry I wasn't able to make it out last night, we have recruits in town this weekend. Saw the score and you guys certainly
In Nashville learning about new respiratory antibiotic for cattle
The U.S. women's national team completed its Group A schedule in the Algarve Cup on Monday with a comfortable 4-0 win over Finland .
Can I Get One More Person To Follow ? She's Beautiful [: Follow,Follow ,Follow!
We've got gluten free pizza! RT Q3 #Foodiechats Something gluten free, right
Green Cleaning 101 this Wed from 6 to 7pm at PNNM. Making your own cleaning supplies is good for your health and your wallet!
Redevelopment = land grabs for "blight." Blight is whatever the agencies WANT it to be -- up to and including irregularly shaped lots.
I think I'm well over 90% of users to my site with screen resolutions higher than 1024. 96%+ at 1024 and better.
Tile placement is everything in
I want to go to the concert, but cant, come to Ohio, you got TONS of mahomies here(: i will get the BEST seat(s) if you come!!
Headed back to Reno & found out Larry & His Flask is playing The Alley tonight. One of the best live shows I've EVER seen.
#ljadultbuzz also means galley reading on my holiday in three weeks. Incoming requests, watch out!
is a destination for #jewelry for the home. Beautiful objects for the discerning few.
GOOD MORNING LADIES
I just earned the Mobile Streaker badge on #Yelp!
FREE Songs anyone?? Head to www.adampercy.com and get 3 of them! BRAND SPANKING NEW from the very talented Adam Percy! 🎵
Remembering Freddie Hubbard
I know. But if he was any other person, he would've been run out of town long ago.
I know! Whatever they had bad hair. Both of em!
Tiniest ferris wheel in the land!
Thanks for checking out our site! Glad you like it. and did a fantastic job.
He'll be back. Probably with a new wife at that point.
Austin varsity game tonight
Congrats on new gig w/ Tell #RollTide h/t
came to my house, hugged me, wipped his sweat on me, and went to take a piss. :(
Look for the girl with the broken smile, ask her if she wants to stay awhile.
Well if this isn't a sight for virtual eyes -- how are you doing, and how has your year been treating you?
Mane!!!! I wanna watch Blue Hill Ave..
I did not even know it was Groundhog Day, Can't believe that didn't come up at lunch I mean... ;)
People not only see how good or bad you are from what you do, but also from what you don't do........
#rejectedtebowdognames : Run-Spot-Run (or) Jeeze
Awesome! Where can we watch?
that's cool!! Do you like it there?
all I know about him is the Monroe Doctrine. And he had an estate in VA, though I get confused which is his & which is Madison's.
I make unbelievably fantastic cookies.
Dang it! I was already on the plane when you sent this...finally made it to my destination hope you did too! ;)
whyd i go to gay pride and end up spending the day with straight people? i had fun though!
Loved meeting you guys! !! Pls keep me posted!
Slept for 10 hours and I can still continue to sleep..
well opening day in DC will be of equal awesomeness.
Wish I could up load a sound clip. This hiphop and drums sounds unbelievable
just skirting the edges of French critical theory makes me want to run and hide!
RT : RT : The power of perception helps to define and shape our success.
It's pacer time!!!!
probably nothing - my follower count keeps bouncing up and down randomly - would guess it's a twitter issue!
My big bro Dion goes to Wofford..I wouldn't mind joining him...m
Thanks for the reply.
Its tshirt time!
RT Musician Moby, whose "Destroyed" photos are featured , tells his #digitalpreservation horror story. ht...
“: ha ha jury duty good luck Im in Missouri working till the 10th” good for u! Court dismissed jury. Just 1 day!
Chanting: "This is what democracy looks like!"
Weird. Cheesecake? Edible kind or what goes on a calendar? Thx for making me finally sign up for Klout just to see what's what.
Strangely, it helps me focus better. Sometimes silence is distracting.
Yawn. On hold for the last 30+ minutes with
Happy st patricks day!! enjoy your day (:
haha ik bc people tweet about stupid stuff like I don't need to know everytime some1 is eating lol
And that is the first ball to leave the infield for the Mariners.
Main takeaways from day 1 at #foss4gna for those tracking the event online?
whoops didnt type tea's essay whatever it's her fault for already turning something in to the website. dummy
Let's go lions we out here saints fans!
since when did it become okay to walk up to a girl you barely know and slap their ass? have some fucking respect.
My baby straightening her hair right now.
RT : Aren't all tech reporters men? Especially ones who like sports and, in my case, beer :) // I love this convo :)
"I feeling sexy and free like glitters raining on me..."
We just picked up a new client! Naked Beauty Tanning, prototype location just opened with franchise opportunities right around the corner.
start busting up all those brooms!
Expand 441 calories in 1 hr of downhill skiing 771 calories for 1hr of rock climbing 413 calories for 1hr of hiking Just Move!
were u all given the story why? You guys deserve to know what happened and if not I'll fb and dm u guys
I am thankful for the amazing day I just had. I am thankful for the air in my lungs. I am thankful for my amazing family and friends.
Saw a hot guy on tv then stalked his twitter...
Hey, how u been?
I feel so lost
and the song kind of just repeats so i'm gonna end it now.
#5: Allowing underage people to drink on your property, FINE: $366
Happy Birthday !! :)
Great seeing in VIPs & season tix holders #CIT another W!
thx for the follow. Just downloaded your app. Looking forward to checking it out. Congrats!
How old are you?
Me-"Would it be odd if we went to Ihop at 4am and ask for an overabundance of hash browns?" Paul-"Ill be in the car"
dennis,DENNIS! You gonna take my damn Miami #Dolphins schedule out your murse n hang it on the side of your stainless steel fridge or what?
i deff agree with u on the Ciroc Bacardi && Smirnoff but NOT on the Hennessy
there are so many ways to make that look like an accident. Just last week an iron 'flew' from the kitchen to the bathtub. Weird!
cool, Bob.
Merry Christmas, it's today! God has bless each and everyone of us!! Don't forget it! Love, Peace, and Happiness to all. Share yourself..xox
in case you forgotten... God is not angry, annoyed, disappointed or ashamed of you - Jeremiah 31:3 Thanks
Why did so many people cancel at the last minute? That was the weird part.
ROAD TRIP! :)
I'm single
Hiring counter staff! Must be able to work weekends and be super duper positive and friendly. Come see us!
actually im mostly spanish u dumbass racist piece of shit. and think im a rapper?...maybe u didnt see which label im on
Learned how to facilitate a virtual classroom breakout session this week.
today has been a wacky wednesday
I'm so glad! Was anyone in the group new to SOMArts? Have you been placing augments everywhere since then? Do tell!
shame on you for calling yourself a rapper lmmfao, calling you a joke would be compliment
That status when your heart drops!:/
Am I crazy? That really didn't look like much to me, but whatever. When did Dunleavy become such a weeny?
How do we remain in the "perfect curious state" in relation to technology and change? dhh at
Sometimes I just want to stop caring because the more you care the more you have to lose.
We anticipate it will open the first week of June.
SD HomeGarden drawing: 1st 100 likes w/a comment on our (Facebook.com/SDHomeGarden) are eligible to win a $100 coupon to Quarter Kitchen
#BestThingsAboutBeingSingle your free to flirt with guys, without being called a ho. :)
Meeting some great people & companies at #utrconf. Thanks to for the invitation.
Unfortunately, I don't have time to draw comics right now. Stole a half hour to write yesterday, felt guilty afterwards.
Tweet.. Tweet... Now I can say I tweeted:)
txt me
I hate when my tummy hurts from eating to fast. Does that ever happen to you?
I need something to do tonight!!! 🍻🍻
U Nice Avril
My tweets read like they're composed by an ex-screenwriter for "Felicity." I really overuse the word "amazing."
Tribeca 2012: Sports Docs Go for "Broke"
I think someone should throw another ham @ Paula Dean's head for somehow finding a way to make diabetes contagious...
Has there been any interesting reactions/responses to the Stanford story in the New Yorker this week?
Hope to see u in Denver again soon! or possibly the Mountain towns....crowds would love u up here...Keep killin it Geo!
My dry-cleaner just used an abacus!
A man needs to look not down, but up to standards set much above his ordinary self to make him feel, he's spiritually the underdog. - I. B.
We'll be tweeting live from tonight's screening of Hope you can join us!
dear , I'm excited. Kbye
Can I just marry like right now
Morris gortat and Nash look great! We are down to the hornets but I like the look of the suns this year.
I'm at the gate but I don't see you...I assume you're still waiting to get through security. It's fine I'll save a seat for you.
All I know is flex now I'm shitn on my ex
im not so much looking forward to driving to Seattle by myself. shits like 38 hour drive
Love is a canvas furnished by Nature and embroidered by imagination. ~Voltaire
Thank you for the double follow=) I'm doing great! How are you?
Ready for school to be let out so I can leave these stupid people. Not ready to be stuck at home with my crazy family
no mine still there and will always be...well till I move lol
Yes I am! I recommend Sushi Garden in Metrotown, Cantonese food court at Parker Place, Belgian fare at Chambar, I can go on ...
Downtown shopping and Pacer game
Oh, excellent! I'll keep an eye open for it. Thanks!
Damn, been off TW 4 quite awhile. Computer crash left me stranded, then so busy with disndat. Finally a moment to breath. Bring U up 2 speed
my. eye. hurts.
Think alls quiet? Inspection teams gearing up for 2012 to insure vendors are bring you the best Indiana grown & local
Is this the real thing or is it just a one night stand?
i dont even know what that is
I haven't turned my PS3 on since the month Uncharted 2 came out, so...
See you @ Johnny's...I think I am getting there @ 3pm...Go Sporting!!!
Where my hoe ass cousin dirt Dick Johnson!!! 👈👉
so so ready
Busy day including my 3rd audition for a hit show I'd love to book! Appreciate them asking for me again! Maybe 3rd time is the charm.
i dont but that dont mean i dont have friends that do...my brother does hes freakin anoyin
thanks dear I'm not a mom tho #teamNoKids lol :-) ur very thoughtful
Thanks and for the RTs!
i got it (I bet you go a ton of these replys.
very ! He woke up at 6 asking if it's time yet lol :)
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. ~Albert Einstein
Topanga was out cold
On tap tonight: Jay-Z at Carnegie Hall!!! Not excited or anything!
Oh yea. And been posting the last 2 days but can't get peeps to RT. Waz up wit that? I RT all the time. How do u get that better
Check out this awesome shot of the July 5th Haboob by local photographer Mike Olbinski! Where were you during this one?
My tax return is going to be so easy this year: I'm just going to write a check with "About 15%" on the comment line.
I call this one Baileys, as close as you can get without getting your eyes wet.
I like writing in 2/4. #;) even if it's so similar. Haha
Xbox is the worst thing ever. Just stop playing if your going to camp in a corner or aim down your sights every time you go around a corner.
<----The app is free to download until 16 February 2011. Updates coming soon, to boot!
You think that I can't live without your love?You're wrong!
Are you as bored as I am?' Makes sense even when you read it backwards...
Gardener: Try these mowing tips to keep your lawn healthy - Freeport Journal-Standard
4more people follow us today please !:) - amanda
Do you prefer going to a trade show or the web?
George Clooney might play Steve Jobs. They might as well consider Ryan Gosling for the role of Bill Gates.
please answer me what you think the problem is with the bengals organization? been a fan for 29 years, but just dont see good!
Great presentation this morning by -- a thoughtful look and analysis of the digital space.
Order sent to Amanda in GA!
Yes. Saturday. AKA tomorrow. RT : that's Saturday isn't it?
HBO's parent company is Time Warner. And yet HBOGo is not offered on Time Warner. ........100 % clown shoes
!!! Will that be close to the release date?
When your are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears
What up fam you killed it Saturday, looking forward to Rocking with you in the very near future my dude! DJ Coach K!
The word of the day is: underboob
All of Austin's dreams are coming true. I can feel it.
Re: GLAM-1 pager, you're famous(er) : ).
thanks so much!! Appreciate all of the support!
an idiot.
Some times i wish i wasnt born becuz i fill like im not wanted :'(
If you never read it, I'd suggest "The Last Shot" which became the movie 'He Got Game.' All about Marbury in HS.
I hate when stuff goes out the windows when i'm driving. I just be like fuck it -.-
Wookette flu to the max. Big travel day home, big work week, off to see Amanda quinny and my other burgians this weekend!
CC all sweaty now, like Garcia. Lol.
havnt talked to u in years
I'll respect the Grammy's when they allow 7D to perform.
Brooklyn knows best. We'll send OUR children to school on the subway. What is the grad rate in BedSty?
Amazing discussion of Beyonce's "Run the World" and exoticism of visual artist Peter Hugo by Martin Scherzinger/ Wills Glasspiegel
I mean us
Trading out a gas stove for an Elec. Now, I have to wire it in. Pretty sure I turned off the gas. Sparks won't be good, I think if I forgot.
about that contest to win a gift card in Tacoma, do we comment on the status or do we say at the event??
love palo alto on a sunny day
TBA of a World premiere in 's 5th slot next season
Ms. Osborne class is a waste of time t(-_-)
thats a bummer any other prospects in play
So much to do and no motivation to do it....
at the #Rockies game with the family cheering for the rockies over the
life moves on even if ur going with it or not...
Another application completed and submitted. Lord, do Your work, Amen!
Listening to on the iPod this morning. Gettin my inspiration back :$
Love the new pic!!
chippy that ate the trees and the pool and will
me too, I'm trying it too, I love act, and I'll be, figth fo your dreams :)
: Absolutely! Too many to name.
People who have met One Direction more than once, then brag about it for people like me who will probably NEVER meet them, they SICKEN me.
Also good about : the communities they have set up for teachers to join.
lady - everyone has finals. we are rescheduling for next week
Just poked myself in the eye with the mascara wand
My oldet daughter said sum dat shocked me 2day"We wanna hlp him but he jus do stupid stuff&hate him".lol How do u hate sum1 but wanna hlp.?
I can't wait till your in Chicago because I'll be there. I have a coffee house pass to so I can't wait to meet you!
listen to www.myspace.com/mebruklin
thanks Bruce!
lol i'm watching it right now too.
Reading is gay.
Happy birthday to , a great and talented friend.
Lil brother came up to me and asked me to give him some "gangsta" music... So proud
how was opening day buddy? Bad result but I bet it felt good to drink again.
i wish that katy perry e.t. song would just go away. hurts my ears!
What a shot mcroberts for a buzzer beating 3
Some days it doesn't feel like work at all. It's like getting paid to play.
“ i Actually LOVE my relationship.. it's Everything (and MORE than) I ever wanted.. I'm not changing that shtt lol Lbvvs!”<3
I'm in!!! Drive you down, 48 hours to myself, then bring back 3 shells of your former selves!
how are u?
I hear there might be some bacon to accompany those Brussels sprouts.. it's going to be all kinds of crazy!
sounds like the death of commenting.
thanks! And we seriously have to hangout soon! So if you're not doing anything this weekend I'm having a movie night text me!
The Boy likes slapstick. 2 year-olds aren't supposed to like slapstick. So he's either very advanced or a sociopath.
yes, but google is listening hard to g+
Just found out we had an annex, and it has really cool stuff in it. As my colleague said "this is the bonus of working in a library."
That's that shit I don't like.
Watching documentary on Sam Cooked..never knew how he died...Sad
........i think its time to log off and chill out, the eyes are starting to burn
What's a life with no fun.? Please don't be so ashamed. I've had mines. You've had yours. WE both know. We know. 
Huber would agree with me that Waukesha NEEDS that kind of bar. Who knows, he may be the major investor.
#whydoialways give myself a reason to give up so easily.
lol ppl prolly dont kno Oj Mayo was the best player in the country in high school and he was suppose to be like LBJ
City residents as collaborators. NYC.changeby.us Jake Barton
good looking bro appreciate it
Thanks Few cramps in legs starting around 23, but was able to run through it (a little slower though).
Still up...
haha - well it doesn't account for all the silly toys. Also I want a soothing space for what I imagine will be a spazzy baby!
Phew! Just finished my bike ride not one minute before it started pouring.
love your book 101 movie clips!
#qsc2011 day two kicks off with Forrester's Jonathan Lipsitz
oh yes follow them!!
SO PUMPED BABE!!!!
I think about how we would teach Robotics in Middle and High Schools. Is Robotics part of Computer Science? Mind blowing!
hey everyone !
Join us! May 23 Race in the Nonprofit Sector. Explore our shared responsibility in addressing race, diversity & inclusion...
saw a lady with a mono gram on her shirt, cup and car and her bag had her name on it. Do you like your name or just keep forgetting it?
LOL I know how you feel.
What happen in the interview? Lol
Dispute over Pa.'s reserve fund persists - Pittsburgh Post Gazette
Well done with video case study, everyone involved is pleased with how its turned out.
I want the same one you have on. I also adore her<3
"God has given no pledge which He will not redeem, and encouraged no hope which He will not fulfill."
any time :)
ok, do you work Wednesday or Thursday?
Name is Eric but unfortunately I'm in. New York but u still really pretty and would love to Party with u in Utah or ny lol
hey watz it mean when ur twitter gets suspended
Had quinoa with sauteed carrots, mushrooms, zucchini, squash, onions, peppers, tomatoes, and spinach for lunch!
One secret to SM "Make me care"
Ugh I missed the first 30 mins of Raw... Can someone tell me what happened???
.__. You don't need to know Michelango, but what movie you watching bruh?
thanks, will check it out!
Gym time!!!
When is bike to work week this year? #rvabike #asktwitter i had fun biking with mayor jones & last year.
Me and at the library...so unproductive
Congrats to all of this years College Grads!!!
Good Morning Beautifull People! I am unsinkable, its impossible to sink if Jesus is on board with you.
that like a boss moment when you drop your phone but catch it before it hits the ground..
#DWTS was awesome. Hanging with my baby!
met you in Orlando @ Talent Inc. You and your family are a great inspiration to my son. Keep up the great work.
Is there a live stream for us not living there? =D fighting!
Remembering all those affected by 9/11. I'm sending out a prayer to all those who need it.
Start just tweeting every thought that passes through your head! Ex.: "Moose shut up!"
Always keep a plan B.
Yea that's a record
marquel loves his chicken
hmm. I didn't see that email. It's possible that I deleted it w/o reading. I do that.
hope you're enjoying LA :) My friends & I are so excited for the show tomorrow night! We hope to meet you afterwards!
Nice rainy day outside.
Watching Holes and I spy ! Can't wait for to come back next week.
Go Follow --> # PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister pleeaseee
Thats so sick!! Do you only design or do you print too?
Oh wow! That's coming right up!! Hang in there!!!
. Got any discounts on outdoor furniture? RT Looking for a good deal on an inexpensive patio set.
I hope he feels better.
Well Hello ;))
Party this weekend…Taco bell yes I will
see you on the show tonight handsome:)
Wow that's it. I thought yu were at least 24 alreadyRT I'm 23.5 yikes!
Had a great weekened every day this week...got to hang out with a ton of my friends and play 4 games of baseball! :D
moonnddayy! ugh! lol had a great weekend...!
what happened last Friday fam? Was it the car accident?
The Philly Race Expo = Runner Chachki heaven!!!
So when is this week going to be over? -____-
HE SMELLS LIKE OUSTT
It was such a pleasure meeting you tonight at the Divas’ and Gents’” Honors/Awards Dinner Thank you so much♥
Aloha and welcome to Maui!
Hahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahaha holler at the plus sized girls for me
#Madrid is sick. Out for a night of #dinner, #drinking, #discos, and craziness. In case I don't tweet before game tomo, go #SYRACUSE!!!!
Doctors handwriting: ﹏﹏﹏﹏ What I see: β∮α∃⊄ What the nurses see: Aspirin.
Awesome opportunity to stretch!! RT : thank you! We are just getting started! Follow the action with #iwinroundtable :)
why the f would you dress up for finals? She's a weirdo.
Phone system is slowly coming back online. We should be fully functional within the hour.
Minions, you delight me! I truly Laughed Out Loud tonight! Thank you!
#smsports, #sportsbiz, and #sportsprchat fans, check out ! Full-site launches next month but the blog is up now!
Never received it.
Its so hot out.
I'm really happy that you check into every place you go, so I know where not to go
thanks for the suggestions! Can't wait for
Shoot. Missed MOPA's presentation 4 BPOC. Awesome photography museum in Balboa Park
i love sharing my passion for gaming w you!! Wouldnt have it any other way
This is why he is the best in everything he does.
that's a tough question. Each provide the opportunity for a different type of expression. The lens definitely comes easier
I've met Mike Rizzo, and I can definitely see him saying that and more.
I'm thinking we live in a very cluttered world. "Clutter is a failure of design, not an attribute of information." Edward Tufte
Good video. I posted it on my facebook page.
Amazin I had a dream about u at your concert and it was amazing haha follow me plz
I really don't like her though -_-
out tonite , where to go for dinner tonite???🍸🍸🍸🍸 #Boston #GottaGo #
Gahhhh he's so damn good to me
yes I visit Europe all the time I have never visit Romania but I will someday
Loving this performance! Stefano is amazing!! :)
YES. YES. YES.
one time at band camp......
You know I was never yours, and honestly I probably never will be.
Meeting some new people :)
I love drawing.
Great minds think alike
Bout to go get a fresh fade doe!!!
We worked and changed our ways
#AskDerulo What's your favorite pizza topping? I don't have a favorite. I like them all (:
aaahahah! That's perfect!
I got to its not my choice it's an option I'm not gone be gone for a long ass time I'll be back next month
A strong positive attitude will create more miracles than any wonder drug.~Patricia Neal
Happy Thanksgiving - take time to reflect on all the blessings in your life: friends, family, opportunities, wellness, lessons, challenges.
stomach pains....ow!!
Multi-tracking our horns: the power of six trumpet players all named Blake.
"if you were in a crowd of a bunch of people and someone yelled "hey, girl with the eyes!!" everybody would look at you" --JM <3
LOL! just think of how it was when you almost killed him, you love him lol,
New photos @ www.pbase.com/issyr Fall Colors, Mountains, Wildlife....enjoy!
Happiness resides not in posessions and not in gold; the feeling of happiness dwells in the soul. Democritus
Omg RT : NEWS: ''Real Housewives of Beverly Hills'' star releases song named after her $25,000 sunglasses
Starfukcer Saturdays tonight at mokai...let me know for guest list
i love watching the GGGB live DVD.. Its amazing !
Statewide library cards available in: CO, CT, GA, HI, IA, IN, KS, MD, MI, MN, NM, PA and WY. Did I miss any? I Wish more states offered it.
love little Mason. That boy is loved. :)
hey neighbor. :-)
Got some letters today....and that MADE my day so much better and brighter :)
This girl in my U.S. Government class has bars for days!!!
you didn't get my text lol
Oddly I feel a LOT less safe in Dallas than NYC. There are always people around in NYC and guns are less accessible.
No Problem
Let's go #Chiefs!
I hate B days
" DO SOMETHING NICE FOR SOMEONE TODAY:)
I am losing too much weight, idk if it's from stress or what but I don't like it..
Intermission for Seton Hill University's "Batboy." My 9yo sits motionless as the lights come up. "I like the blood splatter," she says.
HEAT WIN, HEAT WIN!!!
Plz, can anyone help me be in two places at once tonight. In addition, I have laundry to do, heads of hair to wash, etc, etc
when was the last time you heard something relevant about Penus Kanter?
I WILL start &+ finish this AP essay today (:
Watchin class act
S/o to everyone that finished the semester then backdoored it with summer school.
Some people are ridiculous -.-
Broken Tweet-Link my friends!
Arthur's Tavern. Went to White House too! Great rec.!
remote control disk Equals
In Doha, Qatar for the UNAOC Forum.
thanks love you girl!
who is this person? i have no idea
Why the hell does it take 30 DAYS to review what we've all very clearly seen. ABUSE OF POWER IS WRONG, PERIOD
first draft of book 3 is done. I got side tracked with the release of "The Writer" and "Putsch" in Spanish.
done trying for people that dont try back
If you haven't seen "Dralion" yet...don't miss it before it leaves your city. Best show that I have seen in years.
Getting ready to talk about protecting #3dprinting & #opensourcehardware in dc
But I'm hoping the Champions League spot might persuade him to stay. ??
That is a turrible idea.. RT : First warped tour i ever went to, i wore flip flops. LOLOLOL
Ha, good luck! Let's hang out son.
We have US Flag mirror covers available now for 4th July. Order at www.mirrorsleeves.com
“: To live a #creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.” RT - True!!
#SDSummit how do we talk about this? smart disclosure is the brand.
Spoke to graduating class of Bellehaven Christian Academy in Nashville, TN. Great group of young people. Our future is in good hands...
Lebron doing the usual...next up, round two..
yes, that made me very angry. Daniel Pearl, Helen Keller - as if to say being Jewish is wrong &u need to be LDS
FOLLOW MY PERSONAL - (:
When are we moving?
Idaho, Auburn students win Groovystuff design challenge - Furniture Today
we got proof ! client and title available on req. check 4 ya self
that's nothing!! I think the media was trying to twisted the story like they always do to make it more interesting. Smh
miss u too! I'll b back soon.. Lol
he's doing his best to impersonate the ' flu' game lol
look for us in the belmont shore christmas parade tonight!
Actually looking forward to coming to work on Friday... I get to clean out my office without anyone freaking out that I'm never coming back.
thanks for coming :)
step outsude your "norm" wen it comes to dating, u may find wat u were always looking for.
- yeah! But imma be outta town this weekend
if a wood chuck could chuck wood, how much would you pay for your campfire
That was way past a 10 can we do it again..
leave?! Youre like me always moving! haha where are you headed?
2-day meeting in NYC for Oral History in the Digital Age grant . Meeting with experts in all aspects of video technologies. Way cool!
Happy New Year! I thought we had a deal about your tweets, kind sir...
we all know the really best player is playin tonorrow
We had a great time at the Business to Business Expo, thank you to everyone who came out!!
Hey, Lynn. So glad you enjoyed your ride and connected with the park that way. It grabs u and holds u, doesn't it?
Physics is going to be the death of me. #nerdforlife .
Pres. Buchanan, who was born on this day, earned the dubious title "Old Public Functionary".
For the rest of the week I'll be tweeting great crafty finds for the holidays!
": deal." how much mojo sauce can I get for $400m?
Tourist Center Miami-Nelson will come to your location for your vacation massage!!
...moves to afternoons ;-)
Going to try this More Women's Half Marathon, even with the hurty hip. Going to take it very slow.
I'm Badass and Beautiful. How do I know? Anna from just told me. :-)
WHAT?!? You were this close and didn't tell me?
Can't wait for band season :-)
HOW DO YOU DO THAT?! IT NEEDS TO BE DONE
I'm on a boat! (sail variety)
Thank you for going LEFT with your style, and not right with the rest of the traffic...
Wow... You went there you traitor lol. Too bad we're more awesome
Osama Bin Laden...dead.
#SkillsOnAThugsResume changing the name on county checks wit a safety pin
God is a God of abundance and wants to give those who love Him every good and perfect gift! Claim His blessing in your life today!
m strawberry or watermelon paleta are my favs!
Books arrived yesterday. Thanks! Looking forward to digging in. Let me know what address I can mail you a couple tix to the Fest.
Finals will stand no chance if you believe in yourself.
Haha this tweet is perfect
so #exited to see the video! Love you guys! <3
Good Sunday Morning!!! Wake up and get this week started #beblessed "It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the...
If by working at a newspaper you get inside scoop on any mid+law firms or gov. agencies hiring please let me know. :)
Another reason to love St. Paddy's day: the corned beef hash the following morning!
I wonder if this is a case where it's just easier to identify with a particular kind of unlikeability. I hate House, for instance....
Scratch a lie find a thief, right?
the weekend has been great but too short! Haha
Well i have never had tacos with all that trash on them in Mexico ;)
What matters most is how you walk through the fire
MPB Today Review - MPB Today, Free Groceries For Spreading The Word? Networker Dream or Nightmare?...
long over due
me either
IE9 doesn't seem too bad, really. Firefox seems to have gotten zippier too, but less stable with the frequent releases.
Ford the first brand on Google+. Who was the second? Yeah, I don't remember either.
i can't you're blowing me up!
where to eat in Milwaukee?
go to 1:00-1:05 and look in the near far back left corner. You'll see her.
Off to Louisville. 21 hotel is supposed to be amazing
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader
One day I want to copy someone else's status word for word and see if they notice
off the virtual and into the surreal
Pissed off. Can't trust anyone..
With Dee Miller @ Marquee Entertainment Casting
Why does #ratemyprofessors ask if a prof is "hot"? Even if I thought so, I'd never say.
congrats on your win.
my brother > everyone.
someone tried to steal my 1987 pickup. Fortunately they're too stupid to understand need to set choke on carb to start it.
Because it is fun! Actually, that's probably not the real reason, but those half floors are entertaining.
•"Don't give up before the miracle happens."
My addiction is out of control with this #irene coverage...going on 3 hours
MIKE! Welcome to twitter!!! Are you addicted yet?
Excited to come party for #NYE2012 with you! tix now available - thanks for the #charity support!
You know that one moment in pursuit of happiness when he loses his shoe before his interview... That's kinda of happening To me right now..
Great message!
5 so we can get our stuff for twin day but omg you should come over later and we'll go together lol
ss isn't going to matter. Won't pass osu, ou, lsu, Alabama without loses no matter what
Is this bullying I see? *gasp*
Y'all not gonna start. It's too early to be ROFL and SMH! It's not even noon yet!
thanks! I'm hoping it doesn't rain too hard.
Anderson U. Mobile - goal to enhance T&L (not tech) - required some upgrades, new teaching methods, authentic learning and good PR
hookersforjesus... you've got to kidding??? No? Incredible name... find me on facebook and let me know the story!
Are you ready for the weekend????????
That's SO cool! Congrats!!!
ADHD isn't a disorder, it's just the upgraded version of the human brain. developing and it's confusing. Thats why numbers increase!
I wish it was summer this shit is too boring
Exciting day at the office! What was the highlight of your day?
Also, unrelated aside, I lived near Camden for a year not long ago-- looks like you're not *too* far (now in PA)
Sorry #tweeties i havent been so active. This will change now!
fashion week evening again felt vv WRONG. FashWk as a relatively recent non-obamatron? Really, really, WRONG (and gagged).
If you were standing next to him, you would have gotten it! Maybe some Photoshop magic?
85% of our monies is spent outside of our own community. Shame on us.
have you gotten the classes thing yet?
Thanks for the info! : }
Ah stiles ily
Kira, thanks for the follow! We appreciate the support.
Go on and book the Batman Motel. Don't forget to pack your superhero role play outfit.
Shaq cheated. Gotta give the nod to
very impressive! Thought you might be thinking of the Jack Black/Giovanni Ribisi lightning ep.
aww man i hit my twitter limit :( sucks lol :D
Unless you have any PROOF That UK directioners reported Bring1DToUS account, stop hating on UK directioners!" #StupAsuming & Hating
Getting ready for my first plane ride tomorrow to Burlington, VT. Then my first ferry ride to Plattsburgh, NY! See you soon
......... RT “: My brother says he'a got a chunti voice but i think it's sexy.”
getting ready to go to n.c. for the weekend
you're welcome😊
IKR!!! I miss my big sister!!!
wouldnt it be cool if they started to play on the radio?
We're on Twitter! Check back often for the launch of our website and the latest news on Milwaukee's Soldiers Home Historic District.
Hi Danielle how have you been?
I got faith in my Lakers!
Totally new Google+ design. So many people are going to use it now.
Check your schedules. Let’s all get together at my house on (Thursday) May 24, 2012.
will do. Meeting with the largest domino tomorrow so I expect next week to be busy on this front.
like our econ teacher?
Merry christmas and all that good shit!!!!!!!!
RT : Let us wage a moral and political war against war itself, so that we can cut military spending and use that money for...
u need LA in yo life hehehe just here at work ya know
Tonight on Ten at Ten: Iowa takes the national spotlight in healthcare reform and exclusive coverage of ISU Women's Bball from Kentucky!
Tan: Cantonese digital media activism - Internet as site for organizing street demos - Me: connections to older forms of activism?
"Drugs are not always necessary. Belief in recovery always is." ~Norman Cousins (thx Dr. Stephen Sinatra)
Well I dont get paid. I get fed. Haha
#R.I.P Wizards
Now playing Salsa Verde
I never told the truth so I could never tell a lie.
what u talmbout cletis! My baby Durant got this....just watch n see!!!
Follow for exclusive content from
Upp; School W.My Partner In Crime Lexii<3 Oh & Thee Awkward Moment When Your Ex's Cousin Asks You Out. . . Umm Awkks.. X_~
fill ur heart w luv...i just know it's there RT : --- Other than that .. I live in Naples and I have a tee time this afternoon...
Building from the ground up has its ups and downs but achieving success absolutely rewarding
Other than day 1, Glee doing original songs has to be JTS moment.
Someday I will go wakeboarding, snowboarding, skateboarding, and surfing all in the same day, in the same state.
So they found a new bone to chew on
☼ The only thing that separates successful people from the ones who aren't is the willingness to work very hard. Helen Gurley Brown
Making my way through The Best Show archives
Jill! I miss you more! x0x0
Sorry, nobody has shared a photo from Michie Stadium yet. It will show up as soon as we get just one. We need fans
Time to bathe the puppy, who smells from playing at the park!
only 3 seats left in one of the classes that I want and 12 minutes until I register #praying that I get in
Interrupter Eddie Bocanegra is a big supporter of , who work to improve life in Little Village, Chicago.
BOYFRIENDS ON THE RADIO HOLLA
One of 24 finalists for Connecticut state business plan competition. Time to prepare and blow away the judges with Qustir!
It's a animal collective show, what do you expect?
go to Eden!!
My fortune cookie said 'a good life brings wrinkles'! Hahah!!
Participating in some enlightening discussions at www.addforums.com
Sign up for the Jingle Bell Run before July 31 and be entered to win an iPad! www.sdjbr.org. We know you want one!
Our Free Dead Sea Soap with any 20lb Dead Sea Salt purchase will end tommorow. Hope you guys enjoyed the sale.
Just saw a billboard for the "Guggenham." Guess where I'm going.
cheers to you as well!
I'm planning a JIRA upgrade from 4.1 to ...? Is the newest release 5 fully baked, or are there reasons to go for e.g. 4.4?
Haven't checked because I have been away from home all day. I'm thinking the pilot episode ran for 38 minutes and 44 seconds?
lol So that you can roll it. I googled it & so it fits in the hole is also an acceptable answer
Beer and pizza in the movie theater. Why is this so easy for Portland and so hard for #losangeles?
We know he will get a good attorney. Someone will take this on as an appointment or to add to their resume.
... I have seen more hacking in the last few days than in the last few months
Proud turner mama.
HubSpot gives you insight into your competitor's web success, so you know where you're doing well, and where you need to improve
Really lucked out in Jersey where I live! No damage & no loss of power!
My current status: *Forever Alone Face*
You don't know me, you don't wear my chains.
Props to Mayor Rahm Emanuel for saying what's up!
Girls dat ride d dicc Correctly >>>
you too!!
Congratulations to the cc champions...amazing youth (way to go swipes for the homeless)! Way to go Pres. Obama &
Girl i wanna fuck u right now.
#Iwannabe an OMG Girl with all my heart.!
I have everything I need to do everything I want to.
Congrats! She's beautiful!!
Love spending my weekends with you. :)
I'll boo intentional walks all day.
One hour left in our #GLEEfulweek in May pledge drive. Won't you please call in your support and help us end with a bang! 888-621-6900
grats! :-) give a pat on the back for me!
I love 's voice. He's so damn cute too!! <3
yeah, one of them rolled up to me with this big smile and said hello. i smiled and said hi back.
sounds good! In a minute
any possibility you can present them with a less annoying option? Springer was always my nemesis.
it's koo I figured! Btw what # should I call, old or new?!? Cuz u still have both, right?
been up all night grindin' on work. took a break at 7am to do a zero period presentation for AVID. <3 what i do.
I'm watching the camps and everyone showed for the cardinals no drama a plus. Vick has something to prove so where ever he goes
Just ordered some new ! And deff got the Minotaur tank! So stoked!
Dude in my computer lab looks identical to If only it was really him.
Excellent talk about Info. Fluency (Info. Literacy & Critical Thinking & Computer Literacy) & integrating e-readers to teach
I'll just have a water...
the fact that my male coworker is watching Justin Bieber's documentary "Never Say Never" makes me laugh...A LOT
I will be somewhat patriotic tomorrow at #goldcup #vagoldcup not that you care, lol.
Help celebrate what would have been my grandma's 92nd birthday by playing cards, copyediting the news, eating pie, or calling your grandma!
Im cold, mad, and tired. I just want to stay home from school but i wanna fine my ipod!
what's up
Have to clean up the amount of turnovers, but still a good performance. Time to get ready for Saturday
Thank you for following WWVC!
“Progress has little to do with speed, but much to do with direction” – Unknown
Thanks for the RT!
Decided to start working on my portfolio for my college application tomorrow morning :]
Happy Monday!
First Andy Pettitte, now Brett Gardner to rehab in #ROC. #Yankees—not ROC parent—doing more for ROC in two days than #Twins in nine years.
You see my glory but you dont know my story. It aint peaches and cream
i need it how much?
Getting paid. But amateur is not the opposite of pro in this sense.
tells jokes from stage!!! Lol
yesterday was gorgeous in San Francisco...what happened to the sun today?
retweet if your into a Kronum tailgate for the ship. 16 to enter, 21 to drink.
point of personal privilege.
The e-mails we receive from entrepreneurs wanting to start companies at are so insane I should probably publish them.
it's so good right??? Wait until season 4. Just crazy.
what will we accomplish this year?
Congrats on the move and job! Wishing you the best as you take on the new opportunity.
Master Builders Home Improvement 92 saint Nicholas ave suite 4a, ny ny 10026
No one said good morning to me.. :(
feels like its going to be a bad day!
I haven't been called a nerd for years- thanks! I'm glad someone else finds my projects interesting too!
Tell you if I knew. They don't trust us. RT“: wanna give me a hit on summerjam artists? I'll bring you cookies :)”
Prepping for Market on Saturday and loving it! Gonna be super busy when Tues. and Sat. market starts July 9th. Also busiest catering month
your V.I.P
birthday shout out to best short lived bio lab partner ever with
Wait until you sober up! :)
Check out ABC nightly news right now, and see what we are doing in Oliver. We ARE making Baltimore better.
I highly recommend listening to the Tron Soundtrack; haunting and transporting listen.grooveshark.com/#/search/song?q=daft%20punk%20tron
next followers who follow her.. she so cute.. LIke her tweets.,<3<3<3<3 folloow all (her).<3
I’ve Decided To Break It Off With “Jiffy Lube”…We Just Can’t Be Partners In “Car Care” Anymore…
Haha well of course. If he had a song named "Hannah", that would probably be mine. =P "Lighthouse" is my other favorite too!
I'M HUNGRY AF.
At Rockbar listening to rockstar Aaron spin wicked 80's music. Gonna be an awesome m4c finale with him dj-ing!!!
