With my father-in-law away on a business trip, there's a blessed lack of stupid around here. However, there's also a lack of funny.
Is against any kind of abuse, whether its child, adult, or animal... Or if it is emotional our physical... Abuse is abuse
Full contact also seems to be down. They scheduled a 5 day maintenance too/
Just had delicious Swagat indian dinner with my pre-hub. So yummy. I always forget how much I love me some Palak Paneer and Naan. M.
"I need a keg of ____. If I buy 2 could you cut me a deal? My last keg was all foam" Oh yeah, all foam? And u managed to sell the whole keg?
the weather in gainesville tonight is absolutely as perfect as it can be.
dipping the oreo into the aforementioned orange soda...yum
we are really good pong partners hahah
counting calories sucks.
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada.......
Happy birthday to me. Happy birthday to me. I need me some liquor...and a few ounces of weed...
MT : #DC tech or social media people have a job opening, & would like to help #SMCDC test out a #job board, send it my way!
When a door closes a window opens, but we lose Adrienne Rich, we get 50 Shades, we lose Maurice Sendak, we get Twilight. Something's amiss.
April Showers bring May Flowers!! Wash your car today, get the top wash, Durashield will have your car sparkling like you were never in rain
u going in huh? Lol
Just give them cupcakes and they'll remember you as the best speaker ever.
hahaha. dumb rule..said that being able to listen is important. But i'd like to point out that deaf people can drive!
Tbqh, I'm not upset that I have to WAIT to hear the songs on the Believe CD, they will be way more special to me knowing I waited<3
Light blues and greens
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
Great discussion about #foodallergy from my old friend via
When you are pitching to reporters, put a face on the story. Get someone to be the focus or example of your story idea.
My cat has the hiccups, & it is the cutest thing ever.
KENNY!! Why is he wearing a sombrero? Please tell him his SU classmate Kara says hi.
My family went on another tattoo rant... "if you ever get a tattoo, I'll disown you." yeah, yeah, go ahead. I'll be 18 anyway.
nope, is that out already?
sounds kinky rt ": Sorry i had to leave but thanks for coming :)"
Ooh! That's a good one.
I really would much rather chill with my best friend than do anything, I swear we can tlk for hrs about everything, love him(:.
Hello, Howard! Thanks so much for the follow. Hope all is well. xox Helen
Beyond stressed !
hehehehe I love it! :)
#ImPregnantAndIDidntKnowIt chick was 9 months pregnant had no idea gave birth in the tub...
So extra blonde today.
I laughed a little too :)
Baseball is ninety percent mental & the other half is physical. -Yogi Berra
Gets to spend the night at her besties house tonight! :D
A neighbor is having a party. A loud one.
I just talked to my father. He is out of the hospital and is doing OK. This really has been a gOoD day :)
I'm falling in love with diatonic talempong music from West Sumatra. Guess I really am an
play music!
S.Gomez,D.Lovato,A.Greene,M.Cyrus,B.RayCyrus,J.Beiber's Ma/Pa,A.Neiers,K.Stewart.StopUrStalkingharassment. Mr.Thunder has no interest in u!
woke up from nap (: are you going to the believe tour? nagksbksjsjsn
I know Thurber disliked it but MITTY is tailored so beautifully to Kaye's talents. Ben Stiller is remaking it?
“: “: How do five gay guys walk? In one direction.” #ELOHEL” you can thank Lauryn for this!
A3: if you co. has a mobile app, you can send push notifications
Nice to meet you! Anything in particular that you're training for these days?
Who knows where those words have been?!
ion give a fuck how feel nigga if i catch u out loafin ima deal with ya quick kill nigga and thats real nigga
Check that 9 HR's for Adrian.
Glad that you like it! RT : Yo! Love the stickers!
Great Lakes Doppelrock & #TheKilling. A fine way to start my "weekend".
call now!
I don't need a watch - the time is now or never.
NOTHING'S FINE WE'RE CORN! ;D hahaha
Check out some , , !!! Life changing music bro!
Just bought the wii and oh my gosh it's addictive!!!
thanks for the RT Rosie!
What an amazing day. Fun launching 's new line. Excited for what's ahead.
If my damn dog don't move imma kill her lol
Thx girl! We are alive and kickin! The Lord blessed us with another vehicle to use for the rest of the tour. God is awesome :)
I can only tweet from my phone it doesnt feel right on the computer
you stabbed me with a fucking pen!!! haha
nfl+mock+draft+2012
Excited we were selected to pitch this month - looking forward to it!
they have been showing up to shows man and they just ask me if they can help out.
Impressive job by Jurich to negotiate 88% of suite profits go to UofLAD. Lville should get fair share, but 88% took balls. Yum, where's urs?
there's still coffee left!
Saw #Timberwolves prez Chris Wright near MSP office. He looked pretty happy today...
Restaurants and small shops to replace Bon Ton site at Greece Ridge Center
So I don't have comb my hair lol RT ": Why? RT I need to get me a ponytail!"
What up Pegues! Man they don't know about that Playa Fly. Lol.RT : Nobody needs nobody...
Heading to Atlanta to see my children. Nothing Better!!!
do you think people would be willing to sit down to a reconciliation round table or something?
what part of SE you say you were from? cause I'm in Juneau now
ill miss you!! Thanks babaayyyyyyyyyy
Forget this $540 million. According to my e-mails, I've got a dead Nigerian relative AND a British Embassy sending me money!
Puzzles, games and reading all increase cognition. So grab that crossword puzzle or a book and start exercising your brain.
Everything in my life right now is what I prayed for.. a loving family, good health, an amazing Man, a good job, good friends and a house
Great end 2 a great season. Thanks 2 all the coaches, parents, and players who made it possible. Commonwealth Academy is blessed 2 have you.
Having cable again = watching "40 Greatest One Hit Wonders of the '90s" on VH1 and happily recalling B-Rock and the Bizz's "My Baby Daddy."
A Pessimist is what an Optimist calls a Realist
Y'all follow real cool chic wit good tweets
WOO!! RT IT'S ALMOST HAPPY HOUR!!
I am back
I'm a Gemini and now I understand him :)
sex is mother fucking exorcise!! Retweet and fave this if you agree..if not your gay as hell
Just being me: feminine and free, I threaten the established order.
I'm fine with people being pro-life but they should also be anti-war. At least be consistent.
all the same
Currently practicing Words With Friends diplomacy to mend #MIGS fences.
That's what we said! Adorable. RT think Tim Tebow and would make a nice couple. right?
Everyone follow me on Instagram since apparently I can press buttons to make a shitty picture look good x kailewanamaker
I need more followers, Somebody help me
Conclusion: I get along better with gay guys.
Preparing for a 20-hour road trip to Dallas with my dad. Oh dear.
Question of the day: Chocolate or Vanilla?
If #AustinTo700K gets trending, the first person to tell me would get a DM to Dave and a BIG SHOUTOUT, <3 We do this for :D
everything ok with u?!? Saw u were pulled as a precaution today.
And I think it's obvious to anyone how big of an influence the Beastie Boys were on me and so many others...
Just got stiches in
Somebody just earned himself a champagne toast :)
thanks for telling me your in Florida .......:(
the u.s. government should apologize to the Arbenz family!
Ahh I get to hear it now it's been a couple seconds and the song #SaySomethin already sounds great!!!((:
thnx for subscribing. you are likely the first in a long line of LA moms that will want to read about my deeply personal biz
Wow it was so worth skipping practice to meet the &thewantedmusic boys!
Some of you may think this sounds asinine but it's true. You can pretty much gauge the intelligence of a person by the way they use
Excuse me random twitter follower, but I do not want to see your russianxxxpics . ru . com . info
-you cold dude? -no bitch, I'm on vibrate mode.
Dear , You need to stop being so attractive. It's distracting me from studying. Oh and I love you. Love, Ali
Thanks for the RT!
found it eventually- thank you. U ok, hows things? X
Waiting for Alex's tutoring session to end, pondering Kzoo and futures and life.
I still have the batman and flintstones glasses; I wore the Hercules plates down to the BONE.
Time for the last Delta Omicron meeting of the year!
its mostly pretty heavy. i was listen to a lot of NIN at the time i wrote it. idk if a regular verse would fit.
agreed. thinking abt this in terms of transitioning & FY students + reaching out to HS libs, too.
kindle fire has flash!
time to suck todays d*ck
it was a ballot measure asking the student body if they supported having UPD enforce a 25ft no-smoking zone outside buildings.
Happy B'day Mozart!
What up Bossman!
Ritz murda dat beat! I feel like I'm at a giddha show everytime I hear that track.
Who knew a German restaurant in Hooksett would be so busy...
Good morning! How are you all? I made it JUST in time this morning for my #SUBWAY BOGO breakfast!
A home without quality educational books/DVDs/CDs is like a body with a Soul. True success avoids men/women that will not learn.
Very good. Have an excellent day and enjoy the show! ^LG
Hey #ICNY folks. I may have 1 or 2 tix for Book of Mormon (hottest show in Broadway) tonite, ~$150 each. DM me if interested
close but just too much going on. have a great time!!
Can't sleep.....at all
haha awesome!!!:D
Couldn't agree more Jeffrey! // MT Your success depends on two things: your rapport building skills and your #networking strategy.
Only go to KOD with what you are willing to spend.... Them strippers will break your ass! #note2self.... Had alot of fun though.
ah. the usual pricing. cool. thanks!
This one is just indescribable
Support blood cancer awareness
I love you, Mommy. I love you, Daddy. You're the best parents a girl could ask for.<3
me and are ohio state fans for the day eventhough the hoosiers are back and all. still can't believe theyre not ranked higher
A little sumthin for the road
Barbershop Quartet in the studio today. Harmonies Galore!
i'm watching on hulu!! I'm a huge music nerd so i'm biased but that thing was freaking cool
if you have no empathy, no imagination, no strength, all your actions speak to nothing but
You have tears?
Think we will defeat Obamacare tomorrow? Here's hoping!
Ah so jealous!!! Have fun is so cool :)
thanks for the mention. The entire team is excited to have Shauna joining.
The best #socialmedia updates you've seen as of late?
Can't wait till PLL comes back on so I can have PLL date days with lmao.
Molly - thanks for favoriting Goddesses of NOW - Durga and Akhilandeshwari! They're really coming up into consciousness now.
no problem sweetie;-)
It is an interesting feeling...needing to "do #1" but also needing to save it for a random drug test...IN AN HOUR! My Irish eyes are flo ...
silly - guess all of Portland now knows my silly, powder grin (;
Watched the Mt. Wash Resort ep. for the 1st time. That EVP was nothing short of amazing! Congrats on that capture!
Current Analysis #CTIA Roundup webinar - On the device side no major announcements were made.
Havin long thought i will see were it take me
Welcome new followers: , , , Like us on Facebook at Denver Pioneers.
Thinking of going to see a movie at the theatre tonight. What would you recommend seeing?
Funny. I just thought earlier today that if I go to Walgreens, etc. Mon morn, I figure I'll see the heart-shaped candy boxes! :-)
We are aiming to give people an income opportunity with a real service. This is not spam and this is no bot. It's a real way to make $$$.
Alabama solves eductaion shortages by requiring proof of parents citizenship. Thousands of students vanish, in fear
Paul heyman is back!!!!
$2,497 for full Invisible braces. Can't say the name, but you you what it is. Must make appt in December for January. www.zen-dentistry.com
THANK YOU FOR SUPPORTING LOCAL LAS VEGAS HIP-HOP ARTISTS: Thank you for spinning "BIGG FEV single KEEP IT 100" -- SOL•SKETCHES™
I know where you go to school, and I don't think you have many options there. Just sayin'.
How u doing this morning? :]
Only 24 more days of school! Hooray!
We love you guys & Congrats to you & Mac a special goalie! You made it awesome! :-) :-) <3
Chilling with a book and juat squandering the crap outta this beautiful day and kinda OK with that.
When boys were icky!
All the restaurants in the U-District are full, but I guess it is early for all those assholes to be in Fremont and Pioneer Square.
Twitter accounts on set through the voyeur cam: Cast & Crew
#FollowFriday today's shout out goes to and Thanks for following #medeco!
Filling out this job app
I gotta pee but this seat is way too comfortable to get up from
Paris- First class international
Going to Cleveland Indians Game this evening. They play seatle. Who should I root for?
Also, Kevin Johnson is in the house at #NSVFSummit. One of my favorite 90s NBA players. Worlds colliding.
I tend to agree pal!!
*golf clap*
Thank you for following. I enjoyed perusing your website and learning about your org. Please read direct message I sent.
Is about to use Twitter in earnest from now on, since you all NEED to know when I blow my nose, feed my dogs, and drink my white wine.
RT : My best friends will always come before a guy..
The latest ad by lends support to theory that she pulled the trigger on Sweetwater for political points.
smh RT : Bynum said message he got was not to take 3's if u r going to miss. "But I'm going to take some more."
the service is INSIDE the competence? why didn't you just say that!
Expensive-arse convention hotels. Guess I'll order one of these $23 hamburgers. Where's a McDonalds when a brotha truly needs one?
thanks so much!! we really appreciate that :)
Does that mean you qualify? #pleasedon'tkillme.
Planning for the next Portland Startup Weekend is in full swing! Follow now for news and updates.
On May 19th 5-9pm there is a fundraiser celebration with the League for People with Disabilities at the Visionary Arts Museum!
#HillerHelps - Pre-Nuptial Agreements can bring clarity and certainty to marital financial issues.
$100+ million from general fund for Convention Center looks a lot different today.
I just heard they free'd the west memphis 3!!!!
: i haven't watched it before but there's a marathon on so i'm getting caught up :)
finally finished some much needed watering, pruning, deadheading, potting, propagating...jeez I have a lot of potted plants
Never doubt that a small, group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has. –
yesterday i saw THE KARATE KID !!!!!!!! it was so awsome. at the end never say never by justin bieber ft. jayden smith was on
gonna take a while, though.
good call!
someone else found my blog by searching "cool obscure mucis clips." Wish it was "mucous clips"
Life is like a monkey it throws shit at you
that we might be justified by the faith in Christ, and not by the works of the law: for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified.
Absolutely Fab #WBENC event today! Always amazing to see you - our network is incredible!!
music is my life
I can't believe people are dwelling on that shot/miss. There are quite literally ten other things that caused this loss.
"Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have." -Doris Mortman-
Congratulations!!!!! It is an amazing journey!
Decided that I'm going to be Ken from Barbie tomorrow, Universal made a Barbie movie and he was in it so technically I win
Anne Toth, Google : "set user expectations through your product interactions, not just through your privacy policy"
I don't I will ever sink that far. My binges are usually granola, smoothies, or broccoli.
someones been busy this evening!
Im goin 2 b doing vital signs ALL DAY in dis Psychiatric Department.. Smh how boring....
"stick with that cookie & it's gonna crumble"
If I took you home it'd be a homerun.
RT : only the best shoes ever. Ugly but they work. O feet/back pain. 3 Yes wearing Same pair! HTTP://zcoil.com
if another brawl starts up in Detroit, at least there's no crowd for it to spill into..
just finished 's CD... i wanna make another one since this is how i keep busy since i haven't felt good today... anyone??
Home sweet home! But look for me this wk in AL, TN, SC and GA fellas. I'm heating up the South.
We enjoyed our time there as well and will most certainly have to take the trip back for more Turkey sliders!
bout time
One hour ten min.
What time is it their
Here's to the middle of the week :) "Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races, one after another." - Walter Elliot
My voice sounds hilarious yet sounds fine even tho we went to the same concert
I love Flat Stanley! Such a cute idea.
on a scale of 1 to 10 how much do you think you fans support you... & will u follow me #askryan !
Shout-out to for doing live-feed promo in front of biodiesel Jetta at
When all of your e-mails have red exclamation points, I am going to deem all of your e-mails as unimportant.
Wonderful time with !!! Never a boring moment with that one.
Happy #Thanksgiving!
Chris Mullin on providing NBA insight. Nothing like a high and tight fade haircut to brighten my lunch break.
I want to die on the toilet. That way no one will have to clean up the shit in my pants that inevitably happens when you die.
just sitting here like a loser.. Haha hbu?
Thanks : terrific workshop! We're skilled teen social networkers but we're excited to share your citys ideas with MKE govt!
OB town council meeting tonight..if we can get in the building!
Damn I feel like I got hit by the jager truck last night.... O well....lol
"Superficial Glitter" is my new band name.
my grandparents had one. His name was creepy, but I kinda liked him. he was misunderstood.
That's sales for you....you have to accept the good with the bad days
please follow me :) Piper!!! cause i think ur soo Cool :) i would smile for a week if U do :) BTW~i like to smile alot :)
I'm just a aaaannnootyying little fuckin fagggggooot right !
Unless you change how you are you will always have what you got. JimRohn
We have CHOICES...dive UNDER the boat and FIX the rudder, OR, STAY LOST AT SEA...
My BF would KILL dude
I wanna Dude thats with me for me , Aleecia ... (:
I'm excited! I saw it's coming to Milwaukee in September now.
Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something, and has lost something.
hope you have a good day too :P haahaha
- i hate it when im on the train & EVERYONE stares at me -_-
#Criticalmass in #Cleveland Ohio USA stands in solidarity with you and hopes that justice is served.
Who plans to see Marco Benevento at the Redamte Coffee House tomorrow at 8 p.m.?
I'm so freaking bored.. Art class is fun but the teacher is not.
straight to the shower for a hour where i take my break....Boosie.
#BettyLuke ! is undoubtedly the best part of my wednesdays.
Called ATT support and when I gave my name, rep responded "wow you speak english well!"
Most of the time we don't get what we want
Omg been looking for gram keys since 11:30 wth did she put them
The rising freshmen expo was awesome! Soo fun & met some of my old teachers! So going to the clusters & supporting them tomorrow.
You know it! Here to help. THANK YOU for all you do.
I just spit water out all over my desk while reading your last post. Brilliant!
is he watching the mammoth story?
#DontDoubleMyRate on MD taxes if you want Marylanders to be able to compete in the new ecoonomy, governor.
"And as the hours go flashing by, i'm winding down the windows..."
next year, man. People will be aboard the Lebron Express when they roll to a title. Just not now. It's too soon.
Tigers drop the series to the worst team in baseball. Reaction? 248-848-1130.
Fryman hike w/ & the show stopper Lola.
Sometimes "Send All Changes to Shared Directory" doesn't work and you have to "Check In Everything" to update the shared file.
Thanks so much. It means a lot to know that we're helping folks!
No, they're from the previous users' web history. There aren't any bookmarks, so it's not pulling from those.
Why does #MMA seem so much like organized cock fighting? I like it enough that I'll watch it once in a great while but I'd rather watch
Bottle, not gym. ": #ReTweetThisIf you’re hitting the gym HARD this weekend!"
Chances are you don't want my G8 then. Snow tires are great, but AWD would be better...
Have you stopped by the Honey Child Pop Up Store yet!!! Awesome skincare line....Heard that they are having a really cool event this Friday
"Yeah, Steve, I'm gonna turn down Twitter and listen for my answer."
#30rocklive was pretty awesome especially the subliminal messaging. Can't wait to watch the east coast version.
Again, it depends on where they are! They base a large chunk of their pricing on gas money/traveling expenses!
Done. And instead of tweeting from shows, we'll write our thoughts on 4x6 cardstock and hand them out.
good. Keep ur head up. Remember rain before rainbows but the rainbows are worth it :-)
Al Final Rayados !!!
The Barrick is listed on the guide to Las Vegas, come and check us out for yourself. ow.ly/7w6rZ
Looking for t-shirt vendors in Chicago. Any recommendations? (around 350 t-shirts - front and back imprint)
well your good looking but are a good dude so give him a follow people!!
All this studying makes me feel a little sick.
If the art is in the details , .trust Skintastic.com for body and face sculpting that makes a natural difference
So i just watch new music video "Safe and Sound" for The Hunger Games,Oh my goodness it was AMAZING Taylor ILY ur so beautful
I'm digging the Keith Harring Google doodle this morning
no problem:)
We need your help to get more follwers! Spread ze word <3
Watching the proceeds of #greek austerity...so much violence
#ihategamecocks and I will always hate them
Jesus... I guess my mind couldn't even begin to fathom that.
:) RT : Its a NEW day. Inhale the positive, exhale the negative
You are welcome! Thanks for making the time :)
Holy shit! It's beautiful in Seattle.
Nigga be at a party on his phone the whole time drunk refreshing his ex timeline...just hoping she subtweet him but nope
I need the weekend in the worst way.
i'm following the next 50 selenators that follows hurry <3 :)
Sometimes I just wanna be single
Tonights game proved the real die hards. I hate bandwagon fans. We don't have room for you. Your application's declined. Bye!
I don't care what anyone says but Adele is the shit. Her music is pretty good but her voice is sex.
thank you for the RT Barbra, hope you enjoyed the Elvis pics as much as I did.
lol take me with you! I love the black eyes peas! :)
agreed but you know Dolan is about to over pay Lin & expect him to start because of the revenue he brings in.
I second that emotion
You are suppose to steer the steering wheel not sit so close that it looks like a rape. Steering wheel not fucking wheel.
<-- Shoutout-- follow this dude! He follows back.
Just realized that I never finished Sherry Krell's photos...and I thought I had. Eep! See me getting busy!
hi Diana!! Great idea about the ceiling :)
Shoot. If I don't get lunch now, I may not eat until dinner.
Londoner of the Day: Sleep Artist Lee Hadwin
Thanks so much for the RTs!
that's not a yolo moment you freak
is working on an awesome new show 8 Count...I hope I get the chance to come in for the host!
And the late nights and early mornings officially begin #finals -_-
for lunch? ;) nice
hungthefuckover dot com
oh dentist!? This late?
Thank you to our newest followers!
what u buy at sex store lol
I share this not to brag but to encourage you to hone your manifestation skills. Done with diligence, it works.
haha, probably so, but the European aristocracy wasn't doing manual labor. :)
how long u been a Steelers fan?
We r thrilled 2 add "Everybody" by 2 our music selection as we go for r 3rd Country Dance World Championship this Jan. Check it out
Can't wait to see all of our friends in Copperas Cove, TX this weekend! We have already been praying for it.
glee helped me remember my dream! being actress is my focus and I am going to keep pushing until I do! Thank you!
When you try to write a tweet and theres not enough space so you delete some words and then it doesnt sound right so you dont post it <<<
But on the bright side, its FRIDAY tomorrow :DD
On dinner break down to 13.k 200 400 50 running like death!
“: Pat Sattler has replaced Dale Forstner as the varsity basketball coach at Stockbridge.”
...that's someone I'd love to capture. Maybe 1 day.
Min button with 13bbs and AKo in million, BB shoves Q10o on me and wins. 302nd for peanuts after a 5th in $215 HORSE.
hey a question how old r u
first run over 4 miles, suprisingly not that bad
I don't think secondary #students are as digitally-savvy as we think. My seniors today had never used #hypertexts before!
Have you been under any stress lately? That could cause it. :(
I doubt I could keep up after all of today's biking but if u do something after I'm there!
yeah im like half way done with that shit,
Today the special lunch with my grandfathers. Really cool. Soon my aunt arrives with gifts of travel. So excited!
At least they are spelling it correctly...
only thing that Hyundai commercial needed was James Cannup.
let's go back to the woods...
There are more mobile phones in #Ireland than there are people.
“Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away”
You might not know this, but I do my own damage to Babra's "People" while karaoking, but that Peddlers version is wild.
We're All Just Kids, Who Grew Up Way Too Fast .
girl ima have just as much in loans!! Freaks Me out!
So the guy in the car in front of us just stuck a picture of Jesus out the car window while stopped at a red light.
Keep an eye on our website, www.savescreenonthegreen.com, or on Twitter at for the latest #SOTG2011 weather news!
Reading my boyfriend's decade-plus-old, heavily annotated, undergrad copy of Leo Bersani's *Homos*.
hahaha! Yes we did! Thank you!
I can't sleep so I'm counting tweets instead of sheep...hoping for
Got that new 2012 grind. #Streetlit #ebooks on the rise. Like that young cat Future say. ASTRONAUT STATUS.
we have openings TODAY! come see the amazing artists
This will also prohibit outside sources from soliciting stories and paying jurors immediately after a trial
while I agree w/ your position, I'm not sure that is an argument you can make with Romney as his running mate!! ;-)
man oh man! I don't get how ppl are turning into zombies w/ out being bit tho.
Can't wait to co-op our wedding experience next year!
Getting new music and going on tumblr=successful night
DYK? Brigadier General Hazel J. Brown,1st African American woman general in the U.S. Army was a member of DST ..
Zanna, Don't Miss out! next show is this Friday!
Waiting for to get off the dang plane already.
GOAL! Connor Moore scores 5-hole on the breakaway to give Delaware a 5-1 lead. 2 mins left
Worked all day cooked n clean...time to lay my body down... #so to the ppl who does this daily!!
lbr, we all know that is NEVER going to happen. You'll see her cough in her hood or scratch her head & give in.
Damn its been a while since I've been on, srry guys, i have a fb now and yeah
I know, but you're still taken!! It's wrong and rude of me! :/
I'm mad at you
Any wedding planners out there! I need some good phrases for the invitation cards for a friend of mine!
A big thank you to all of the volunteers! RT : Thanks for a great day-good to see so many colleagues!
Did you know that until the 18th century, most French loaves were round?
Bingo date! And John is splurging on an Elvis stamper for me!
Creating a list of open access resources. I found an excellent article about some potential things, but does anyone have recommendations?
''Natural is perfect''
yes you can, no I haven't
Spring, you have let me down. I stood up for you! I thought you were Summer's buddy, but instead you cuddle up with Winter like this?
Omg. Emma Stone is in the new Spiderman! Just became my favorite summer movie.
Kerry, a graceful nonentity
Not to mention we've only had the couch for 2 months and there are already problems...
"Give me the Nazi Goatherd." - Brett Myers to his barber
Veneers all the way.
Obama Biden yard sign ordered. Should be interesting with all Repug neighbors. I'm up for the challenge!
Why are tablet APPs becoming more complicated? Thinking about the "essence" of an APP? How to grow OUT rather than cram more TYPE in.
she's amazing xD
@ the first official #smcmke meeting!
But first, I'm rewarding myself by watching Once Upon a Time! So there ;-)!
I liked that way too much..
Happy Record Store Day! Go support and buy some real life records (not from Urban Outfitters for once)!
i need the cheat code too. I'm gonna be some skin bleachers
you're welcome!
Damn, we really fu%$#d up the BOBCATZZZZ. Meow! U-G-L-Y, they don't got no players that cry! (we don't get that #2 seed, we'll cry again)
After reading the New Yorker piece... Question?
Timothy Rysdyke's bday circus @ moe bar tonite! He's wearing his onsie so bring your ass down and dance, dance till your dead. 9pm!
Hi I' in 8th grade with braces & million pimples! Good Lord, my stress needs to go away Guess it doesn't help I put hot pink colors on today
No joke our next destination is HAWAII for a year.. Great perks to having a hubby whose job moves us all around .. Feeling so blessed 8-)
the fresh new look this week I Need it no Moe red hair 4 a min...summer time..
dont matter if u lose by 1 or 100 a loss is a loss n viceversa.
In hindsight, I understand why ESPN didnt report on Seau sooner. As a fan, I wanted to hear more, but there's no other channel (NBCSN)
If I follow u follow back I always follow and support
So, the key is to capture those imaginations, throw them on the paper or the canvas, and see what becomes of them.
yay you're tweeting again! Your Selenators missed you ♥
Me too. I hate all soda.
Attune RTD Executes Exclusive Sales Agreement with Desert Electric Supply For ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Just sent the cutest text EVER, and I still get the short end of the stick
Happy bday to , stand up guy, and an amazing athlete! Very proud to be on ur #TEAM! Have a great day bro!
I want a Clint Eastwood car.
Hello California Yoga Lovers!!!
.: What key learning points do you have for a class session? Make arrival at each of those points a clicker event. [Smart.]
Again! Drinking beer someone join
anyone looking for Promo Shoots!? Or Logos/Designs! hit me up! :)
ON GREEN EGGS AND HAM IMA NINJA IMA BOMB NIJA AT THAT.! DONT PLAY.!:d I BLEED EPIC & PISS AWESOME.!#TRUE;D
Doing great. Working in the wee hours of the morning. Its when I'm the most productive :)
Remember if a girl asks a guy for lobster while on a date it is ok for a guy to let her know Lobster is a 3 finger in the buthole minimum
Wonder what I got on my test, I feel a lil confident
Happy MLK Day! Swing by today. Spend $10 get $5 off at the Greenwood and Northside locations.
My work computer just died on me!
Time to Photoshop my life. Touch up the edges, adjust the tones. Blur out the background, focus on me and crop people out.
Nerad says we must, "move beyond blame" and roll up our sleeves and do the work. Looks at institutionalized racism and how we must face it.
I love reading Bukowski poems.
RT : I realize I don't believe anything I read in the media anymore. Except you guys. I believe everything you say.
Looking forward to our 10am meeting with Dickerson Hearth in Raleigh this morning. Great looks for your fireplaces and outdoor kicthens!
Jus gotta keep telling myself ill be okay. isnt that what im supposed to do ?
WE DON'T SLEEP ROUND HERE, WE TAKE CAT NAPS #KILLUMALL #FLAT OUT
Obviously we neither no how to read nor comprehend what we're reading
Pretty much sums it up! RT : Avoid the Ross Island heading west at all costs. Bonkers traffic.
Put my cap on for my monny and she about cried :) 2 weeks til graduation!
How well do you manage your time?
So nice out here today. I'd much rather be out foraging with
OMG yes okay we will make this work. yes.
I was just about to look this up... Thanks for sharing!
I had 1 mixed drink and I'm a lil tipsy
Del Negro wanted a walking violation but somehow overlooked the near assault and battery 3 PFs before the whistle.
Game time
What's the most important thing for today? Identify it and line up your day with it.
Finding places to submit is so much work! For CNF tho, try The Rumpus and Pank along with Brevity.
haha best app ever glad it brought a 😊 to your face!
OMG, I was thinking the same thing a few hours ago! Must just be something with being at the State Fairgrounds. :D
Watching go on a tweet bonanza is great!!! She is one hell of a twatter I tell ya.
Adios twitter....Adios Towhid...Adios Alicia.....glad to meet u.......c ya al later....over n out...
TMI! Or you mean, like, inside a book?
#arts Hum a tune or doodle a masterpiece - it's Arts Advocacy Day
Every day, in every way, I am getting better and better.
Cleveland Cavaliers start Monday!
Think about a legendary manager in your company � you may be one, O revered one, or you may know one.
Roasting marshmallows #yum :D
Join us & at the Barbers 51st/Sandy this morn until 10am as they broadcast live and raise $ & peanut butter
I bet its not as fun..
Tall cans and iPhones.
“: I am creating FL with %ages. Easier conversion to KF8 when you are ready.” Smart.
RIght when things were getting good, my life takes an unexpected turn.
Not going to force a thing
you're damn right it is :)
Brand New Music From Jason Aldean in the New Music Spotlight! Hear it at 8pm!
I stand by my conviction that Houston are Stoke.
Congratulations to Ian Emmons Silicon Valley Bicycle Coalition's "Commuter of the Year".
Loehr uses storytelling masterfully. Like the "Sunshine story".
lol okay thanks, now all I have to do is find the channel tomorrow and I'll be good to go
it's psychological and well-done. I'd also suggest watching it on DVD so you can see the alternate endings & what could've been.
Pondering where to go for dinner
It was nice meeting you earlier! (I'm the California librarian with the iced coffee.)
I said aah I feel ya
Omfg, I'm sorry! wrong person, you both had the same icon, my mistake. :P
Pres. Obama's 2nd stop on his re-election campaign next week will be Richmond, VA at VA Commonwealth University. First Lady will join him.
So true...and we also write songs to express our feelings and ultimately reach a place of healing.
You're welcome for the follow. We're all about saving birds as well! :-)
... Question ... Are you wearing heels and nothing else ? ... Just wanted to clarify the visual ... :) ...
sometimes DNS is the best decision. My one and only was the right call
The JuJu's will be releasing their first single - stay tuned you are in for a treat!
RAINBOW FOAM!!!
OMG that's right it IS your birthday! Have a gr8 new birthday year Paul!!
everything's cooler in slow motion
Happy NY Steven! I saw Aerosmith instead of my Jr Prom (I was the Babe no one asked!) w my BFF-u were Awesome & still R-Congrats
Hi! how is your university? and how is your parents?
Home- made chocolate chip cookies :-) .. Lets bake!
Today has really been a great day...really love spending time with those who love me
from an advertising perspective wouldnt that dilute the cocacola brand if everything is a "coke" in the south?
April 29th is Blue Sunday. Hear founder, Janet Magee, tell the story of how it all started. Listen here:...
Going to be an interesting night
Botnet goes on Mac attack: week in review Trojan strikes Mac users, while Facebook strikes back at Yahoo with a patent suit of its ow...
Our choir represented the Hill with an energetic concert at Castleton Square Mall yesterday and then did another show that evening!
Holy Crap! Our entire building just shook for like 10 seconds....We're going back to Cali... to Cali.....
Agree wholeheartedly! Good luck :) RT : they're lucky to get you! congrats!
yes, I think that as do-gooders , we deserve a treat! :)
Very glad to see Farmer's Market moving back to the Heart of Cary. All is well...again.
I still ain't even left wrk.. Ima hit y'all when I'm close to see if y'all there
Nothing better than a little time with my best friend
Hey! I'm like with my 999 followers!
#NYSSMA is in two weeks! I'm so excited :D I'm going to rock my solo <3 ~on my own - by: les miserables :')
my mom will totally freak out once she finds out i'm dating a Mormon ;o
het getting ignored when your sisters prom is in 3 weeks
What`s the deal with Balloonists in Albuquerque flying so low over peoples houses? Feels like they`re peepin in on my sex life.
Major foot cramps during last night's #ballet class have left my feet sore today! My remedy is to wear high platforms all day :-)
Going to go get pizza now
in the studio, mixing some cool music with Pablo Moser, Yago Vazquez and Zack O'Farrill.
Think the new Silversun Pickups album, Neck of the Woods, is my favorite release from them to date
Yes is playing NYC in May!
Wish I could be at the event tonight. Hope the group has a good evening of networking and basketball.
Rockin Gap the new #Gorillaz at LC today. Be here from 2-4. Come say hi.
What does DH look like when you take away Twitter? (Is that a foolish question?)
If you're not listening, now's the time! About to play 3 Grandmas watching Kardashian/Ray J porn clip...it's hilarious!
How about a scoop of Wheatgrass, Pear, & Vinho Verde Sorbet?
I thought Para2 was very underrated. Looking forward to 3.
ADV ENG I: When reading Wuthering Heights try to construct family trees for the Earnshaws and Lintons.
Dude, needs to check her phone, NAO.
$1 sludge bars tonight until we close, or run out!
no problem George will always be my favorite Beatle
lmao okay im coming !
Perfect for the Kentucky Derby today as well!
There's a stray chicken in my sister's yard. Anyone missing one? She's lives off 220th in Edmonds.
Sounds great John! We're looking forward to seeing everyone at the conference too. Join us at 2:45PM in South 40 on Monday.
Chalmers just missed the dunk, wasnt blocked or anything. Chalmers is an idiot.
Excited For New Jonas Album 8
at least you hope it appears in 30 days when you sign that paper. :-)
Use #kogodwomen to connect at the conf! RT : Getting excited for tomorrow's Women in Business conference!
For every soldier killed in battle, twenty five kill themselves. Who's the only anti-war candidate again?
RT : Just can't live that negative way...make way for the positive day. Huya!
RT : 6 years ago today the first tweet was sent. The second tweet made a snarky remark about the 1st. 3rd tweet corrected...
I wish y'all could hear me whistle
Haha #Daytona500 using softball QuickDry spread to make their surface playable (raceable)! Who knew racing had a grounds crew?
Think critically. But don't criticize. Offer your improvements instead of your dislikes.
I seem to have an unfortunate immunity to phone and bud.ge alarms; my response is usually YOU CAN'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO
Lmao, what? Your lack of intelligence is making me laugh. Tell me more, bro.
I really cant fall asleep -_-
wish I could be there
I feel like an old man. I keep bringing up that "X is a three-legged stool" metaphor.
Oh no look what you've done, left me a victim of a hit and run
Freed Motion
Watching my old friend kill Sabotage on RNRHF inductions. You did it proud buddy. Xo
Nap time!!
Evolutionary change may be better for users than revolutionary.
See you soon...your room in the basement is all ready lol
#Mifflin2012 street still open but MPD had to work at it
we finally agree on something. haha
Alrighty, here I go. #WritingSprint. Who's with me??? #kickingsomeass :-)
tough job. So many highs and lows
You got nothing??? That is so sad!
Ah, back to our fav snl episode. "I feel gret" <-- yes gret
That Volkswagen star wars commercial was better than Episode One.
In life, there are some people you are going to have to lose in order to find yourself...
I'm so sorry baby :'( Im an asshole. I wasn't thinking. I love you so much. And I'm terrified of losing you. #I'mSoSorry #:'(
RT I leave all I am in the hands of history
I believe in chances, but when I've gave you multiple you can go suck an egg.
We love you both SO much!! Don't ever forget that. Clare ...that tour that you are talking about looks amazing!
#MUWBB signs autographs for the fans following their win over Seton Hall tonight!
De Mortuis Nil Nisi Bonum => Of the dead say nothing but good
That's crazy!
yea bae i do
A4: Embrace the social nature of the museum visit and facilitate more social interaction between all people. Conversation!
“: I'm pretty sure you need to send the video of you singing it too.” SEE TOLD YOU DOM!
WOOT! We just reached 500 Followers! If you are a parent with anxious kids, please check it out. Counselors trust our award winning program.
Oh please
#69withCody we don't really talk, but we should! you seem nice & i like your tweets.
Hope y'all have been paying attention to Klay Thompson lately. The rookie's going to be an elite scorer in the NBA.
only in 4th period -.-t , well today feels like a good day anyway c;
I don't want to blow any minds rights now but I'm going to THE SUPERMALL
Just got through Cooking bout to wash dishes and chill with the other half
its all Lucroy's fault according to Wolf
Having a bibliographical emergency. How on earth am I supposed to stay in my office & work, when I need to go collate this book RIGHT NOW?
Visit the Balloon Museum Wed., Spring Break Family Day 10-3. Tip - come before 10 am during Stories in the Sky and admission is free!
well, even my little eighth grade dudes think gay jokes are passé.
All it needs is some seastacks a few hundred feet off the coast. I'm lucky to have lived near both!
Thanks for becoming a member of the "Avsec Nation" on Twitter! Appreciate the bio editing advice. Will get right on it!
My wife Sue Ann and I would like to wish you a Happy Valentine’s Day! -TGT
So I can get ready for this all white party
Cannot find "That's Cat" episodes or theme song anywhere. Help!
feel better soon!
Someone is gonna pay alot for this little flash...-- you kidding? #7 was one of the only bright spots on the eagles today..
come to my house right now I'n my front yard. We gonna see if y'all can kick my ass, let's go
why thank you :D
Some of u really sound like babies on twitter. If you wanna whine and complain about your personal problems, put it in ur diary.
Let's hear it for a good education! RT : Fun fact: In order to b Dallas Cowboys cheerleader have to graduate HS or have a GED
Happiness keeps u sweet. Sorrow keeos u human. Life keeps u humble. Success keeps u glowing. But only god keeps u going:)
ALICE STEWART if you think MITT ROMNEY is good at fixing the ECONOMY then it is TIME for you to read ROBERT REICH article in the DAILEY KOS
just watched Abraham Lincoln vs. Zombies good movie funny shit...
What are odds on a Messi hattrick at the Bridge tonight?
about to learn D7 import goodness with at
I really regret not going to my graduation and walking, apparently commencement speeches are the bees knees.
they don't play on paper; they played in the NLCS.
RT : I always knew I wanted to be an artist and life will always have obstacles but we ourselves are our biggest obstacle. -ZS
Hey there
I'm not shy, I just don't trust you
Survival Tip #14: Sometimes the hardest type of surviving is surviving the 9 to 5
#2wordsasianpeoplefear Short Penis!
I see your a follower of "The Secret" Has it helped you in life ?
Is the out channel on io digital cable? And is there gonba be a website to watch episodes online?
I follow you BECAUSE of your political tweets !!! lol
I have his catch phase ready to go: The Giant on the Diamond
do you want picked up now?
lmao , I can't
Like a. Meatball nice
If people are supposed to learn from their mistakes why do so many people have multiple children?
": Marathon complete. Not great but 4:29 not awful" nice 4:29 would be my 5 mile time
Heading over to Spider House. We play at ten and all of the cool kids are going to be there.
thanks for following!
All my mentions are coming late unless i refresh w.e
should go to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
hey! i cant answer ur message if u r not following me haha ;)
Oh yeah. Woops. Connected w/ them last summer. Did a few short album reviews a few months back.
Vegas next weekend!? It's coming so fast!...and I'll have go be all alone in the new big house..
I'm sure you've got a heavy TBR but if you can squeeze in Gillespie & I, you will not regret. zomg. *so* good.
2.Im Single
Don't confide in anybody.
Indeed. Expensive, completely inferior phones are awesome.
Not just you, The Broncos are irrelevant without "Timothy"...
I'm hungry.
What's the most important thing on your bucket list?
"Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur. Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, Purr, Purr, Purr!!"
The best healer is good cheer.
I need food, water, and sex. Got two of the three, now who's going to help with the last one.
I think the point is not to take so literal but to say TV recommendations will be influenced by friends/social circles
I can really relate to this, you're my guy Pat, just remember you're the shit and everyone knows it
I see where you guys are coming from but..they're trying to save your life. It takes one time for that car to be yours
thanks. We'll check it out.
I'm done.
what're u watching?
wishing all my fellow queenslanders an end to the flooding. stay safe
um rocsi i think my hurt ankel hurt and wow out wednesday love it awesome out there
Hi Bobbi how u been? ur pick up lines R hilarious, haven't tried 1 out yet but will let u know.When will u b back 2 San Diego>
Principal of a local elem. school 2 parents last night said they will not tolerate fat kids at the school. Am I the only 1 offended by this?
$62 for our Sky & Sea Facial!
Well, that's still good! I'll be readathoning too. :)
I wish my parents had gotten me involved in 4-H with my horses.
Liverpool job is what folks remember :/
#thatmoment when you're so sick that you have goosebumps the whole shower, even though the water is scalding hot
What should I eat for lunch hm
Back in the studio bottle on deck ready to make magic how yall progressing on them tracks
right now its tiring because im reordering half of them, sucks
This ol team hoppin ass nigguh
what a beautiful day here in Ocean City. NJ. Have a great day everbody.
I just finished watching #TheLuckyOne so romantic! I cried
So tired and bored. I wish I could have stood home again.
RT : Please help me out with some snow reports! 1) How much snow 2) Where your live
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." - Mark Twain RT
You're welcome. Enjoy the #artichoke!
I want to see on #TheVoice! He would be amazing!
Glad the heat lamps helped!
It's just a glitch with the update.
so was against it before he was for it? He's hanging out with John Kerry too much...
sleeping is not happening tonight...baby come rock me to sleep.
yooooo B! Follow me back
I've already got Janáček's Sinfonietta playing. Think I've mentioned to you before that it's a favorite.
Was in DC last week w/my partner, met 2 really nice boys near Dupont Circle; too bad we couldn't hook up though.
Has baby limes on my lime tree - how cool is that?! And yes, growing them inside in Ohio. :)
A metaphor for the Senate today? Billionaire Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Jeff Greene fined $1.8MM when145 ft yacht damages coral reef
I'm gonna come check y'all out tonight. Cya soon!
Good morning peeps
Rough start to the morning. Need encouragement to go to the gym tonight. Any takers?
when madison tweets with a '<3'. I fangirl too much.
RT : Way too early to celebrate, but damn its good to see! #88 leading
Who seen Wrath of the Titans?
Gonna party like its 1773!
thanks for the hookup! needs creative technical ideas like this. How did DMPED like your energy proposal?
what up bro
Yes let me know when you're here!! :)
Opening night of Flag Football! Who's going to pull out the wins tonight?!?
stop ignoring my request for bloody marys after cardio & core. it's a legitimate question.... :-)
Coffee!!! (Morning twitter)
“: Grammar. The difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit.”
I am so mad. Omfg.
Best practice: seek opinions and involve people for healthy respect that goes both ways, says at
Nothing to do on a friday night.
My advice to you? Just do what you want, when you want and how you want. Then I promise you, you'd be happier!
Yes another late one! Napping after school so I can be ready! Go Bucks! Go Bearcats!
and I in automotive section of #walmart = disaster.
but if there ISN'T room for me in it why is the other guy wrong?
I'm ready for summer
ahah it actually sucks right now, I messed up the glitter but thanks anyway! Did u use a whole piece of posterboard?
Only thing that can slow down the recruiting efforts and momentum of SHOCKER NATION is mother nature
Did NBC Sports really just miss the opening face off? Terrible...
Plotkin: passion for creating public domain learning materials
wow, I'm awake. I hear the pain train leaving the station!
I'm not, but the lineup looks great! I'd love to go. I'll let you know if my plans change. Join us at for lunch if you can!
k ill dm him for u
You need a job come work for me ;)
thanks for the follow. if you are ever in nyc, hit me up
Oh man just reminded me that Tevin Campbell existed.
Island innovators help Hawaii travel go green - San Francisco Chronicle
I got a whole lot of new movies and music get at me for the info....
Yep, I called this a YEAR AGO: President Obama rallying the base via support of same-sex marriage during his campaign.
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 21
Dig the new avatar. Your work?
Getting yelled at while working is always a good night at work
What up big Cuhz?
Keep dreaming, kiddo. Never even heard of this guy until just now.
Important to get a power of attorney filled out by partners.
Booh, can't get it to load
it's got nudity so that's a good start.
Thank you everyone who came out to the most amazing Crafty Rock Show yesterday!! We heart you all!!!
u was on da west side but u had to go a Lil further to c da geekas an mayb a nigga get popped Maple semple Arlington cabanne
thanks for the feature!
watching D Will drop 50 ... bringing back memories of high school.
The best thing about a picture is that it never changes even if the people in it do. -Andy Warhol
MY FEET ARE COLD.
Probably ought to reassess at the moment you think it's a good idea to put any bacon in your butt.
This bitch pissed me off then seen a spider n want me 2 kill it
All bark and no bite
“Real estate and hotel revenues were up by 12% to P3.36 billion against last year's ... But its air transportation subsidiary Cebu Ai...
One thing I will NEVER EVER SAY is "Can It Get Any Worse?" That's when the worse happens.
I love you.
Must be happening in "waves" LOL
Full of #BBQ. Fighting off the #Itis. Me & w/ DJ Buck Wilders 2NITE @ Poplar Lounge
You can eat gluten-free, organic food without telling everyone at the table.
Not really a problem, I'm just complaining ;) It was on the Rufus Wainwright & More mix by Radioza
Love how your piece applies so well to parents working w/ schools & teachers on Special Education issues
A mother's love is so miraculous & unconditional, it reaches beyond time & space.
The best feeling comes when you realize you’re perfectly happy without the people you thought you needed the most.
S/o to for putting me on that Cinemagram tip. Rowdy app
you know the heaux business is fashow business! Lmaoo
Hey interested in Seal Mom story. Maybe for Memorial Day.
well I'm on my phone so I can't see it, what is it? (:
my streak of ZERO support tickets for three weeks ends today. thanks john wayne.
was good bro.. let us film you some music videos
Q: "What is libel?" A: "When you are held libel for something you knowingly disobeyed and lied."
Self: You need not raise expectations every time things seeming to be going well. Contentedness has its time and place. Namely now and here.
In #Reno, NV get exclusive #mobile coupons from Mirage Day Spa by #texting MIRAGEDAYSPA to 90210, the #1 short code in use today!
Working with teachers this morning to plan some 1:1 learning experiences for ms math students. Great way to start the week!
neet! will check it out.
The Melody Goes On: The Evolution of the Melody Maker - Gibson
Looking forward to celebrating the 20th anniversary of the Theta Upsilon chapter - Alpha Phi Omega tomorrow. Service project & formal. Rock!
did bria just say last night all your girls are ugly? Half the girls i smashed wouldn't take a glimpse at you.
#FF Time! Check out these #builders:
You had to kill him. The boy cries you a sweater of tears... And you kill him.
that's a conundrum! What are your priorities?
Too stiff of a penalty for OSU. Fuck NCAA
Haha!! Lol thank you!! :-) RT : I love seeing my girl n commons video!!!! Like a proud sister! Lol!!!
Passed my permit testt
Well, at least you can be seen to have tried to address the issue. More than many do ...
#Blessed to see another day, thanking GOD for it!
#thatcamp #lac nearly finished for the day. The bus to leaves at 5:45 from the parking lot. Beer tasting & dinner!
"I never take my eyes off #Twiiter,"
Ginnifer Goodwin on the show "once upon a time" is a much better snow white.
Sometimes cramps feel like a horse trampling over your belly. This is one of those days. (>_<)
I agree. is a strange and wonderful person. :)
Wishes candy corn had nutritional value
This season, the Knighthawks are 4-0 at home when Joe Walters is in the lineup. I'm not sayin'...I'm just sayin'.
I'd bet your doctor still does >> : who faxes? I use online fax machines.
Choose 10 right wing gay bashers. Then bet win, place and show on the first to be outted. Great sport.
He's on a roll, right?
Some teens take pictures at bathroom mirror fashioning a duckface And then there is Liam who takes picture at the bathroom with.. toothbrush
so jealous. Though, once I put a fake chicken nose on Sterling Cooper's face.
"An organization's purpose and goals set the direction. Measures focus the energy on the outcomes. Processes create habits, and habits...
hell yes
Why when yo Ex see you with somebody they say "I Hope she treating you Right!" ..long as its better than you, it dont matter!
“: #MentionTo someone who needs to stop worshipping like he's some kind of God.”
It was just at the festival, but next time I see you maybe I can have him burn a copy :)
Suggestions in the box at work are being voted on Mon. I'm confident mine: Medicinal Marijuana Dispensery on site will be puff, puff Passed!
I hope it's the good kind of "stuck"!
Porter Square: BRAND NEW NEVER BEEN SEEN!!! Amaretto Sour frozen yogurt.. I know right?! How do we come up with these delicious concoctions.
U have a sick mind and need to seek mental help... lol (AND SO DO I!!!)
me too bring me somethin to eat
I can't wait until I'm off the meds so caffeine gives me energy rather than just keeping me barely functional, lol.
GMorning Lady Mercer! 17lbs down and counting! I now need a tailor! GLORY!
#SheDidntCallBecause she's a stuck up bitch who complains about being single but is still stuck in a 'guys-should-call-ME' mentality.
ya... it's inspiring considering I'm thinking of going from career #2.5 to career #3 :D
Would a parent's attitude play a significant role?
Well Britney's name outshines Demi's entire career so let's not go there.
Things do not change; we change. ~Henry David Thoreau
IF I JUST UNFOLLOWED YOU WAIT ATLEAST 20 MINS PLEASE IM FOLLOWIN EVERYONE BACK NOW!
I initially misread this recent #Drudge headline as "#BRONY TRAGEDY…": "BRONX TRAGEDY: 7 die when van plunges into zoo..."
The Patio is meant for chillin' and grillin' - Which is why it's one of my favorite places around the house.
The Milwaukee Wave have won the 2012 MISL Championship.
TGIF and to great followers!
Hey Twitter, got an idea for a party and need a place to host it? We can do it, rent free! Bring your DJ and your friends, lets party!
Dr. N. M. Kondap said CIIHE’s #mission is to create an environment to achieve excellence in research, for betterment of the society.
Why do I feel like I have so much to do tomorrow when all I'm doing is taking my car to the shop and working?
RT Ram Dass said, "We're all just walking each other home." I love this.
Try one of our Grilled Specials: Ceaser Salad with Chicken, Rosemary Pork Chops, Steak Fajitas and Lemon Herb chicken sandwiches.
Hope #JMS581 studying is going well for everyone!
Yep, I'm doing the whole weekend.
Off to Private Practice set today. 4:45am alarm is rough but happy to have work :-)
Hate it when I get woken up out if my sleep!!!!!!!!!!!
Sad news for #timbers fans as Eddie Johnson announces retirement from soccer. Wishing him & family all the best.
oh my gosh your icon its Adorable(:
New york, where ya at? $50 is still sitting around greenpoint....
Good morning everyone have a great day.
haha I need to watch to see what she's wearing! Or not wearing! Lol
It was a gift from his Nana.
Nothing new, we're going broke.
It's drab up in here!
A beautiful day for shopping if you are not working on Columbus Day! New Clearance from Nordstrom hitting the floor all day.
Home after a productive day.. still a bit more moving to do but got alot done, goodnight
Happy St. Patrick's Day!. Not for #News in #Boston. The #SEO leader asked a man at #job interview "How Old Are You?" 41 =
Confiscated some shrooms today I just don't wanna take them alone
lol u tried to say "aut" 😒
New Jersey Net Losses
I have eaten far too many peanut M&Ms today. But they just kept following me around the house. Couldn't just leave them there.
no disagreement
why does trending articles on my fb always suck. i don't care about the celeb prom pics! wish it was more like news.me
I agree it's fun with the audience. I can see how it was a business decision. Had it done better in US this wouldn't be a Q
"My religion, what I believe in, is called the Constitution of the United States of America." Myers (#RyanGosling)
Posted on da block getting it!!!!
Taking my one man riot to this weekend. Are they ready!
If you're reading this I just wanted to tell you I love you and I'm glad God made an angel as beautiful as you.
I MISS YOU
if there is a zombie apocalypse, who's down to team up and go head hunting?!
Man my phone off so I can onli recieve calls :(
you are so right. and for some reason reading Fudgy made me giggle
zobrist using a red bat
Why is my mom on Facebook and tagging me in shit? WHAT ARE YOU DOING MOM?
yo fam them headphone do the best work mann!
Game 7 in Los Angeles #Lakers vs
So annoyed.
#tweetyourseat We need some starters & closers STAT!
I saved someone's life too. I was at a sleepover with a bunch of my friends and like 3 of them were calling this guy gay (c)
We are at Patterson Park ready to dedicate 9 new homes!
I'm not home all weekend :( waeh!
ya mama can't say it like me?
my go-to coffee place just doubled their prices and made a lg a medium!! Now where will I find a $1.50 coffee?!
Can't believe I'm still going to work after lastnite but Owell work till 5
winner for reporting - “: So far the winner for the killer app at #SXSW is ... an umbrella”
Hey Laura! Thanks for the following.
Beeze in the trap
I'd frreaaakkkk out && make my grandpa buy me front tickets or back stage passes :)
That's a good at bat.
now the whole world is going to hate on me. hahahaha!
I'm pretty sure Lebron James just opened up the 2nd half with trademarked move...
I want to go swimming.
RT : Don't try to save me, is someone else callin' you baby. -Luke Bryan
I can already tell just how bad this week is going to be. All plans are off at the moment. Boo hoo for work. ;(.
The fact that the recommended people to follow for me are two British artists is just awesome.
Iced tea? “: oh no, I couldn't do that. It has to be something they might like”
i needa smoke life blows right now :/
just released their new camera #D4 ... yeah too bad its still a Nikon
IS there a chance I can meet you before your performance at Spin on Saturday?? PLEEEEEEASSEEEE
you better
Alright Bellingham, I'm here. Got late evening plans but the day is open. Haunting pawnshops like a ghost, call a guy!
today told us that the new flagship will not be coming to the US. and today chris is a very sad person.
It's the beard, Ron. No one can stand that damn beard.
Per , #Packers have brought in local #GEEBZ players Drew Nowak and Drew Vanderlin for work outs! Awesome to see!
Closing remark in talk by :"I thank you for a significant portion of your attention." So many people R on laptops & phones #sxsw”
steel design exam tomorrow son.... no can do but lemme kno when u going next tom is ma only class this week
who is this young gun and where is he playing?
ah embarrassing Chris Pine about Kristy Swanson crush on TV, freaking hilarious.
commin to tonight?
Getting prepped for "Leaving Las Vegas"....The Final Round. Gonna miss this gin joint in the desert. I truly will. Palm Trees....Love Em!!
Weird thing to compliment, but the breadcrumbs on our new intranet are perfect. Thank you, whomever in EPA got them right!
Interesting topic today, and I just learned you'll be a guest at Willow Creek next month. Looking forward to it.
i just ship Larry so hard like jesus.
Looking forward to reporting on the scene and ransacking upstate NY thrift stores this weekend with & maybe
oh this will be a PHP app :)
fave life-changing TEDs? Im especially interested in cogsci, psych, information behavior, life goals, social learning, comm art.
embrace antioxidants
Oh, hey Thursday? Where'd you creep in from? Time zips by when you're having fun!
u have a gmail
Just as I was drifting off to sleep I started to outline one of my ALA presentations in my head. Turned on the light and wrote it down.
CRUZ!!!! Time to dance!
I'm talking about the #thecloud with the family! Oh how far we've come.
fixing Harry's hair lmaooo nothing just came back from the Mall/Movies 
nice review in the ! Sounds like we need to stop in for breakfast one of these days...
I Have Returned !
crunchmaster mult-seed crackers -roasted garlic - just became my favorite gluten free cracker! OMG - GOOD!
Hopefully the Jeat can't keep this up
Feels strange! Have to go back to recording studio on Tuesday. More to come...
met you at the spicy pickle in Portland! Hope you come back son 👍
when a whore calls another girl a whore...
Three words Peter Greenberg hates, State department advisory
Thank God For AAU
Mood for a shower
Oh the things I think of when I'm on fb. :) HAHAHAAAA i am hilarious to myself (:
Good morning Philadelphia! How may we help you?
i hate when my hair has static
’70% of YouTube views are from outside the US’
ehh it's alright. I'm gonna stalk them all day. Lol
Time to get dressed to hit the gym.
I felt breath-taking beauty the minute the curtain went up.
you have me
#Chile quake 7.2 vmuch something that reminds us of huge potential & how little we are in control-but preparation helps immensely-so is hope
"Oh, yeah, that's right, I'm doing me." Love, Ush
I have important things to tell your female friend. Why is she being so Amish? I hope she grows a beard.
lol well I'll be sure to act 20 while I still am!
It's national Tell a Lie Day. What's was the last lie you told someone? (Don't worry you're safe with us:) )
IM SO BORED :/
So true. RT : I see 36 yo angry moms flip the bird all the time here in LA. Usually from their SUVs. No big deal,
no problem (; don be a twitter Stranger
Watching naruto.....sh..t dont laugh. yea im addicted.
Hall Berry is fine as Hell, but I'm starting to think EVERY man cant be wrong. Every relationship is like a Lifetime movie.
And Zac Brown Band it is!! ITS FRIDAY!!! YAY!
Just realized one of the most exciting times for the Browns is the draft. That's kind of a problem..
I DMed you(:
thanks! not on pinterest... yet... checking out now...
So both Von Miller and Peyton Manning have birthdays within days of me.
lol i aint even worried about paulk right now . mr snows gonna shit bricks when he sees i aint even got my outline yet .
Gonna take the long way to work tomorrow in the new 🚙!
Nevada hasn't forgotten how bad Recession is and we will be important swing state.
Dressed n ready for this youth federation at Westside
See you out there in a couple weeks!
#bradpitt is a boob. I think it was in very poor taste for him to tell all that his marriage to Jennifer was boring.
I really truly believe that the UWS Trader Joe's is a reject for Dante's 7th layer of Hell, deemed by the poet to be "too much."
“: I just saw a naked butt. If I were any place other than Dinkytown, I'd be surprised.” < lol
Yeah I think I'm done with Draw Something. The three words I was just given were Pepsi, MTV and Zumba. No thanks!
i have no problem with saying goodbye
Skrillex is killing it!!!!
If you have more than 4,000 facebook friends you need to get your shit together
#nce11alan november: you are not in the technology biz, you're in learning biz. Abolish tech. Committees
that sounds gross!!!
It is a Black Heavy Bells kinda day #NowPlaying Black Keys / The Heavy / Broken Bells on Shuffle
U rather be Rich Or Poor? I rather be Rich! Because I can be Rich & Miserable or Poor & Miserable; I choose Rich it's BETTER!
#cpi2011 Instructor Community launch right now!
Custom Posters are the Perfect Gift for an independent Artist! Discounts all weekend long at MusicalStop.com !!!!!
All-time best review RT New review of 's book by my 7 month old son. "It's good enough to eat!" yfrog.com/h8itypwj
At the gym
Friday Humor: "Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city." ⁰- George Burns
we plan on it!
Full list of Saveur&#39;s 2012 Best Food Blog Award winners
Chris Pirie using Khan Academy to help paint a picture of the future of learning and development.
nigga u said u wish u was getn off instead of goin in but u jus missin rain
Happy Friday!
haven't been on here in a Wile! hmm!
Occupied Wall Street heading for its best month in 20 years - what to make of that?
thank you for being our 100th follower!
I'm gonna let you down easy I've got a delicate touch, peaches and cream you make a garbage man scream...
Now following
Bryan, hey! Could you DM me? I have a question about one of your interviews :3
and I spent hours looking for books by great lady authors, and of course yours came up!
How are you guys!!!!? Miss South Africa so much. Give Clara a big hug for me.
Lmao i really dislike my name:/
Knitting class was amazing. Now off to Stitch Lab for embroidering!
baha omg i almost broke my neck once. GOOD LUCK
Yikes, market looks terrible today!
We are actively working to expand our #car2go operating area to #SDSU soon! Thanks for the question
Nah, he took off the other way lol
Hopefully the bottom brace doesn't hurt! I'm getting both my braces off today. I hope my smile will be as good as yours! 😃
whats the problem?
me neither **reaching for headphones to listen now**
Today is Cascade Sports Car Club's Doernbecher Dash come on out and see some great racing and even get in on the benefit silent auction.
you can get through anything with the right amount of heart and sarcasm.
Looking forward to SLA. Nice to attend major professional conference in town - no board/travel expenses.
You said it, the weather is absolutely gorgeous.
I'll admit, I had fell in love with -------- Around the same time she had fell in love with him
RT : OMG I didn't know Ghostbusters really happened!
Black Ops, sorry, hah, I can hang out once double xp is over. lol
I only write music for myself, I don't try and appeal to anyone else. - Bryan Adams
You guys.
I hate fucking school
#CelebApprentice me too. Dicko you are amazing. Remember age is a state of mind!
Also, now cannot print. [throws table]
OUCH think the person who waxed my eyebrows is NEW!
Just seen in Glamour magazine..."eyeshadow creasing is ruining my life. Please help!" wow.just.wow.
o sun bathing today!
My heart is full of broken dreams and cold from empty promises.
I'd fuck Bieber all day (; lol
Enjoyed #GoschEhlers frat house!
But you know what? It's still the best job in the world.
good night my friends! i have to work in the am tomorrow z
that's the solemn ritual of replacing my Saint Paul library card with a Minneapolis one. Moving day today.
why did you order the half portion? Suck it up!
What time slot is the most sought after for brands?
No scam, holmes. Folks are just faster than you. Tickts were gone at 6.32p RT : What a scam. Braved rain & traffic.
I feel ya!!
I'm doing pretty good and yourself?
Tons of great ideas and a huge vision, but, limited resources.
Thanks for adding . Check out www.wherethehottiesat.com to find the hotties of San Diego.
Crowd is so large we need three waves of peoples mic.
#signsyougottaupyourgame when your playlist clears the dance floor despite having a list of special requests
well the world ends saturday so you don't have to worry about going back. Lol :-p
#worstpickupline "? What the hell is that?" - spoken from experience
Thanx! RT Very kind #beachthursday hugs to great friends.
don't be! you will be fine!
I want a cupcake. So much for healthy eating.
Bored as shit headache out the world
Alex is wise beyond her years!
After Nick Offerman, I'm down! :P
we literally just hit play on the DVR...lol...like 30 seconds into it
lol i wanna see him so bad! :D
How do people find digital resources?
I hate sitting in the basement waiting for the tornado sirens to go off! Time to play some Wii
Im Full Af Lol Ready To Go Home So I Can Sleep Sleep Sleep :)'s!
we are down. How would you track whether they really know them or not? lol
Back in the States. Our honeymoon to Argentina was AMAZING - penguins and all-I'm sad that it's almost over :-(.
Liking someone who likes me back
Gonzo, Jedi, Malibu, Peter Pan, Rosebud, and Yikes! have all been codenames for Macs.
thanks so much Dan. Hope you have a great weekend! ^ag
We've corresponded a bit. He does some great data analysis and visualization!
How did I miss the fact that is on the Twitters!?!? Situation rectified.
Actions speak louder than words. You telling me that you love me shows no action at all.
Yeah,, i jut started few days ago too. :)) " and i just started twitter...
pull them down
stay tuned... you never know what we are up to!
whoa whoa, you cant use my catch phrase lol
thank u so very much brings tears to my eyes! Live my
Why isn't Sunday illegal?
There r times when u just gotta say how it is & get it off u'r spirit!
As good of an athlete as Rondo is D Rose is a much better basketball player and PG. He will seriously emerge this year
Someone needs to come massage my back 
#gc2012 needs math help from right now.
God Morning!!
i hope that you know it , you are growing and for us is very emocional , and will never leave you ! we loveU11
Heading To NAMM In the Morning in Anaheim CA So much fun going to be playing Saturday Night at the Marriot Hotel Lobby at 6pm Jan 21
i love you
Wondering if the Nuggets will pull this one off??? hm
#TaylorMade RT Might spend my sunday on the golf course
": It's amazing how many patients start convo with " Sorry to have to ask ..." Cmon !!! ASK --- plz :-)"
Totaling it up, my iPod cost $200, plus at least $400 in songs I mostly don't have other copies of. So it needed to be defended.
I hate when we(LADIES) say "i wish he would tell the truth" SMH knowing we really can't handle it sometimes. curiosity killed the cat
Mind you not seen that many things that can light up their backsides - so limited for reference points!
Oh, I LOVE their bath line. Enjoy!
Oh wow. Well deserved.
oh man they do that at #pens games too! What losers >.> when I go to a game I stay till they basically kick me out lol
TA TA YA Ms. Lucille :-) you're prety AWESOME yourself!!!
Awake.. And bored
