thunder/nuggets would be interesting to watch...youth vs youth
Our student book review blog is motivating our 5th graders. They've reviewed 150+ books so far & I buy those they recommend
Working out the kinks on our website so we can bring you even more great deals. Thanks for your patience!
#MostOverratedMusicArtists one Direction. Theres plenty more male groups... They just arnt obsessed over by the mass 12 year old girls.. Smh
Dropping people from FB's nice. Think of it as getting rid of crickets...or cockroaches.
Bomb Queen cosplay coming via a friends suggestion
Best baseball game ever? Bring on Game 7!
Hi everyone! If you participate in #gsmc remember it stands for Global.Social.Media.Chat. There is another 1 floating around, that is NOT us
Men plz remeber: DON'T DO THINGS IN THE BEGINNING THAT UR UNABLE TO DO TIL THE END
Too far, lol.
This is why I hate shopping with her.
so whens this wine/blunt nightt we always talk so highly about
I'm about to cry this isn't even funny -.- I love him so much..
If you can't win, quit like I do
Rumors true: Clooney was at WH lobbying the President on Sudan this afternoon.
Get your tushie out here!
I'm watching but prolly same. Think people could make bank with in/out quick. Even after IPO. Remember when yahoo was good trade. ;)
It's Monday, what 2 steps can you take today to move you towards your goals? Yes, only 2. Keep it simple, avoid overwhelm.
when libraries are taken down, their states fail with them
I've accomplished my job as Master Pot Stirrer today. I'll probably regret this decision!
Check Out Fresco Fay On Sound Cloud....Debut Album Coming Soon!!!
oh boy
I know! I think my mom attracts them. she once watched a bowl of salad fly off her counter when home alone...
Yes, I am, crazy week for me....how was yours?
oh the things I gotta tell u gurl that be goin downs lmfao.
I want a tumblr; so I'm going to go make one.
My back hurts, my neck hurts,y calve hurts....... :|
carson daly? RT Still thinking about the Carson special from last night... If you haven't already, set your VCR's.
do you know how long it is? maybe i'll do it in parts. its just my internet is insanely slow and i dont have the patience,
Listening to Albioni....
We need a written assurance from Enda Kenny that our CT rate will not change
Yeah, especially since it's usually a wasted exercise
Paddycake, Paddycake, baker’s man, Bake me a cake as fast as you can! In addtion to cakes, we've got brownies and blondies for only $1 each!
Y'all ever just knew somebody did some shit, but you can't prove it. But there's little to no doubt about what's going on.
so is it gonna happen??
I just hope they understand before anything im a man.
Tomorrow we will be making a very important announcement...life changing...life is powerful
Thank you 4 helping
Sending chocolate because you can never have too much!
if only there were still men like Noah in the world
O another game 7, Grizzlies & Clippers who we got
Need a big night from the
I hope you do too!
To get a letter, write a letter.
cool story, bro. tell it again.
If we show up, is that stalking?
are LOSING. missed the session :/
Also, the house band at 's event is killing it. Manu chao, outkast, nate dogg, and a great snoop cover.
Inland Empire African American Redistricting Coalition is presenting Assembly districts
May 13 - 19 is honored as National Women's Health Week.
i dont need to cuz mines made tht much in one day. Now whos in beast mode? #Mr. Wiggles
Trucks should not have spoilers.
#NeverShouldYouEver make your girlfriend/boyfriend feel like that have competition.
That lady is beast on keys!
would you renew your season tickets for next year if it's like this season?
Don't you mean .... it WILL be? <dun dun DUH>
We're are going to continue giving away free stickers if we can help get donations to cover the costs!
There are few players in baseball I dislike more than Reed Johnson. If he would have scored, I'd have been pissed.
follow bAck
NBA finally catching up to the NFL with stylish fan apparel
Does anyone know any good tubing spots?
Jersey shore, VMA's, Kardashians, on the couch, don't bug me.
i think getting your tweets 2 my phone is amazing! #FollowBack? <3
what would you like to know about the tournament?
just a quick chat (skype?) to get your perspective on the site. do you consider yourself a fan?
yep, come on in!
of course I understand u! I know how hard it can be to study a foreign language!! Yes it's so great I always enjoy it :)
Happy holidays from all of us at Critical Exposure.
Thank you for the follow! Love that your coffee can change lives!
"Sunny, one so true,we love having you." Thank you for the truth that you bring
is so based.
“Media studies... are central to our early 21st century world. New knowledge is emerging.” via Dr. Bernard Luskin,
lol 17 bro time to smoke weed
Cool dad. Got me a whopper for lunch. I may die.
It look so nice outside but the sky looks scary..
why has no one asked if is willing to change his # again? Ben Uzoh is wearing 6 for the
the kind of love Stefan and Elena have together only grows stronger,please tell me Elena will soon show her love for Stefan soon?
RIP Les Paul
Cause you're a freaking ninja!!
Somewhere in Stillwater, Keiton Page is wondering why #Lin couldn't have "turned it up a notch" against the
with such a mild winter, do you think it's going to be another crazy hot #summer?
Just created an account, can't log in. Reset the password twice, no go. What to do?
I've been training muay thai about 1.5 years now. I joined my gyms fight team last week, and looking at a fight in July.
love your songss!!! and please follow back
Feeling funny today.
Wish the #bruins could save some of this awesomeness for the stretch.
Brainstorm: bring the Council's reading & discussion programs to NYS penitentiaries! Could call it "Prose & Cons."
Happy Friday to you!
Wow, Sports Direct @ St James's Park drops the St. James's Park, good job Mike Ashley, way to spend your good-will reserve
Tomorrow is Friday! What a week!
Inception is 17 for Blue ray/ DVD combo at target.
I should just live on my own. My parents are never here anyways so why not!?.
It took me 15 minutes to find some honey roasted nuts. It feels like they jusy haphazardly threw this store together. Bread and nuts?
hahaha it's funny. How'd you take group pictures? We never got to do that either.
Our Not so Traditional, not so fried, Friday Fish Features are getting Rave Reviews! If you haven't checked it out make plans for this week
hahahahahahaha dumb ass !!! xD i miss my rebel
haha people are like starin at me
Wearing your guy's sweatpants >>>>>
and, quiet, too.
blossoms now?
I know, man. I get excited when I see myself, too.
Oh Chris, I'm just getting started.
• Like If 8 Packs Are Better Then 6..(; • Comment If 6 Packs Are Better The 8..
lol yeah you did.
Wishing i was in a hot tub! #Cold <<<<
i almost died cause i didnt eat anything today. But i beat my time but a min. And a half ^.^
so so happy for you!
Ryan Has been watching to much "Babe"
Congrats Margaret! RT : Huge congrats to SUNY-Buffalo's on being the newest Brittain Postdoctoral Fellow!
Saw your last tweet. Check out our website www.stardesignsa.com . Maybe we can help you find exactly what you are looking for. :)
wait...do you groove to jams, or jam to grooves?
No question. It's just amazing that swapping out that one piece made such a HUGE difference.
The language you use of "poor blacks" and "repressed".... Has racist undertones.
“: Im down with the fitness team, #TeamFitness.” all day every day
I'm starved !!!
He saw you. He wanted you. He liked you. He got you. He had you. He loves you. He got bored. He left.
10 minute nap 💤
Shidd this game a blowout
Second semester is going by extremely fast! Woohoo
About to go outside and play in the snow
"Stewed, screwed, and a neighbor for food" Zombie Housewives of the apocalypse
when the deans love you and don't check your bag but. heck everyone else's
you're welcome hun :)
Blast kills the power play, both teams back to equal strength
"Let's See Today's Plan, Spend Time With My OG, Than Go DownTown After All That, Available To Come Outside.!
i have got 32 #homeless people out of 3homelessness. i clothe and feed #homeless weekly also. PTL!
So water polo star Tony Azevedo goes down in trading card error lore with Billy Ripken and Carlos Beltran (Juan LeBron), among other greats.
It totally a prime spot - lots of sun. I'm not sure I'm ready for someone to sit there yet. Still adjusting.
Thanks, Kelly!
It makes up for the Belmont picks. WTF was I thinking.
are you in Utica please say yes.
So missed my flight last night but on my way home now, tired and excited to be heading home
you need to be specific. Lol
Holy frack, Bridesmaids was hilarious!
I love you too. I needed that!!! had a blast with you. Thanks. RT : I love my sis
For my Mom to make up for this weekend's pages by setting a major scene in one of her FAVORITE places! #NoDanFogelberg ( knows )
Happy for Corey Wooten as a Cats fan. As a Bears fan, I hope his knee is ok.
Oh loll.. Just making sure...
Is wondering why some people on twitter want that professional image and yet they have no picture of themselves or their business.
how u get all them followers lol
Friday at last! Atlanta, have any fun plans for the weekend? Been out to catch a game yet? Still first in our division!
Watching the editing, mixing and mastering process is an invaluable lesson - don't skip out on it. Just sit and observe and learn!
Nature is not only all that is visible to the eye — it also includes the inner pictures of the soul
So is any teenager who can sing and has long hair considered another Justin Bieber?
yup I still got my blackberry though
Today is the day Opens for Season Pass Holders! Open to the public next Sat. w/ Dora the Explorer & SpongeBob SquarePants!
Semi-randomly, is it just me or is the gender messaging in beer commercials & other football-time ads particularly objectionable this year?
you make my life so easy!! Thank you.
nice playing tonight! 10 boards is real nice work. Huge role for u at arizona next year. Can't wait to watch the team jell.
#5Myths only hillbillys, rednecks, and country folk are from Nashville.
any movie out that you wanna see?
Submitted The Advocator concept to the challenge to win 10K. It was approved! Looking forward to becoming a finalist.
My bf has perfect date ideas. Go to the mall, eat, go home, eat hot cheetos, watch lion king, have sex, take a shower, have sex, cuddle.
It's only fair to include Seattle to the tour. After all, we're the only city from the challenge excluded :(
Thanks for the Reminder!
I sometimes want to walk around in your brain. It would probably be a musical, like West Side Story.
Follow ,this is not a promo im just saying ,he follows back follow ,him its free
Are you going to verify credibility of that poll? 451 said they'll vote in dem primary, but <350 were Dem.
Well no. I usually have 2 :)
You now know about #studyday but do you know about StudyBlue? Come check out our online flashcards at the tutor desk.
Hello everyone plz follow n I follow back 
Confidential to library peeps: My library added a LibraryH3lp chat box to our Ebsco products! We're excited to see how much traffic we get.
See you Monday 6:30pm at the YW. Now is a time to "make it plain" & make it right
Nothing better than chips ahoy cookies, my snuggie, and a Martin episode to relax from a long day of work!
sweet a freakin air check session (in Don Imis voice)
"use protection unless you want her second child to be your first mistake" I speak wise words.
Just saw Justin bieber and Mariah carry's NEW CHRISTMAS music video. ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS YOU. It was awesome;) want it on my iPad.
A sale is not something you pursue; it's what happens to you while you are immersed in serving your customer. Unknown
Niall sounds so cute.
I like that someone updated the copyright in 2010
The coffee from the cafe in Cobb was especially good today, but it did not help me much on my Persian exam.
Whoa what's everyone doing for new years? A year ago today I had the balls to start a better life in a better place with nothing. Lv life!
Wow. Police are so kind and considerate when media and #unm faculty are present
we love the way you look from across the street... Come to tbar!!!
a cigar smoking, whiskey drinking man at the pool staring suspiciously. Please tell me he was wearing boxers & wifebeater.
Note to the world: ferociously banging on your keyboard does not in fact get your notes in the computer faster, its just obnoxious.
He's just a mama's boy 😔
Haha, yeah. That's a good episode- hadn't seen that one before!
This sucks!!!
thanks for follow and YOU have a nice day too
Never tell a girl to calm down. It just makes her more angry
ewwww I took AP world History. that exam sucks.
may I please have a follow back??? (:
Don't forget about Colleen, she's also not on facebook, but she is sharing her crazy thoughts on twitter now
Comm Fish thanks staff, PSC commissioners and community participants. "Amazing level of civic engagement."
Yep....i was ready for bed. Then I saw a picture of people making food.. What did I do? Get up and make a feast at 2 in the morning!
Hey everyone! Go check out 's tour announcement at Facebook.com/actionitem :)
oh, the #heat made the playoffs? I hadn't noticed
You did Sam...before you found love -_-
Seattle, here I come.
Wish I was there with you girls. I know you're having fun! -- chapmansharp (). Wish you were here too!
Alright. Thanks.
Tomorrow should be a good day! And then a three day weekend!!
absolutely! Unbelieveable. Things are coming together.
I am NOT answering that!
#IAmThankful to everyone who has contributed to my success this year...and to everyone who will contribute in the the future. Luv Ya!
Heath Bell is killing me
I need a girl in my life so I can have someone to spend this money lol and find love
Do you use a profile or fan page on #Facebook?
I spent the flight back from DC taking notes on my notes. Now I just need to take notes on THOSE notes.
Okay an I still don't care. I didn't say it was cute.
I'll do it, I have to do laundry and finish a puzzle but I'm good at describing things, can I phone it in? voicemail?
We go threw hell to get to paradise
didnt read ur self-serving story Are you that despicable and judgemental a person as to criticize w/o knowing motive?
Making "Bacon" in Real Estate - helping people sell their home and having more fun with folks who want to buy a house. Can we help you?
#iabaudio Taylor wood talking tap to call
The more followers I get the more I'll tweet!
Hellomynameischristianbeadles is now my instagram. Follow me or pay the consequences.
Tweeting from 100th anniversary camporee. Almost 1,000 girls and families at Camp Dellwood to celebrate!
Shows focus! RT : Yes, there are annual membership dues, and you must be referred by 2 existing members
loved seeing George back and so happy that Chris pulled the come from behind victory and William is finally gone!
Srsly. Or if we're going to go there, do we have to talk about tax exempt status, and everything else?
Jeff Teague almost yoked that
Trying to figure out where to set-up my light box to take photos for Etsy listings. The natural window light has changed with the seasons!
thanks, right back at you! let us know if you need biz cards, postcards, etc., and we'll hook you up w/ a great price.
This is National Prosthodontics Awareness Week. WIthout us, there'd be no dentures, bridges, & lots of missing front teeth! We <3 patients!
Yoooooooo what's good!
oh my God that was crazy
love you !
Uh its an iphone
bo packing is no fun! but totally worth it for mexico.
The person who reads my tweets through his phone, I needed YOU yesterday.
Mixx Friday & Saturday. Book your party in advance!
Thanks For 777 Followers!
“Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.” - Francis Chan
I'm 4'11, does that qualify me for the job????
Get "Heaven" today on itunes!
:) Thanks for the follow! It's my dogs' & cats' world...I just live in it.
It's starting to look more like 3pm. I'm running a little behind today!
no spoilers plz :)
Love that my former anchor is making friends with my current anchors
Yo..Feel Like Freestylin But Got No Beat On Hand? Then Get This App Called-"Gimme A Beat"
First Tweet from my iPad. A wonderful birthday present from my very understanding wife. So far, so cool.
i try to be there for ppl as much as i can. i feel like im so nice to everybody.
thanks! And it's been about 2 months now =]
vulture is awesome.
-__- I think its awkward on break with supervisors. Haha
Although I did see Rolling Thunder being escorted by Hwy Patrolmen..Pretty cool.
If the cop that shot John T. Williams in Seattle is prosecuted it will be the 1st time in 30 years an on duty cop has been tried. Too long.
Clousers jet landing soon. Should be a solid weekend hanging with the Penn ave peeps from trumansburg.
Taking #UndergroundFilm and #Animation to the next level! #Filmfests roll with me. Let's do it big Yo!
I wanna rub one out with ;)
next time😘
#RVA #Pollen capital of VA? I think so!
Oh, sí, April 13, 7pm, Brava Theater. coming to the Mission. Taco USA. Book reading & signing.
New Girl Talk is out!!! Free as usual
No it doesn't numb skull it shows that a computer drafted a check.... you really are stupid..
I hate it when men whistle at me like I'm a lost little puppy. When women do it, it makes me fearful of my womanhole.
To the window to the wall till the sweat go's down my balls
Nobody reads my fucking bio. Stop mentioning me when you follow me. Fuck damn shit. My interactions show me.
No, I always regard going to ALA as akin to the tumbrel ride to the guillotine. I'll be there Sunday... Meetup?
That was really beautiful!! Thanks for sharing. :)
Good reminder for me/ : If we love one another, we truly listen. If we don't, we think of things we want to say -
Riding the digital waves bro!
we are happy to be 1 of the 500 :-)
RT : Nervous as hell
Just saw "The Doctor's Wife" and now I wanna see a book series about The Corsair. Get to work.
Roof closed at Miller Park. Hot like Arizona, which is winning by a lot, BTW
Undertaker is Back!!! Taker--H 3
great to have you in tonight! Stop by tomorrow for night!
good grief
i vote for nap.
You forgot to add, "to bring into work and share with the crew."
Going to KISS show tonight in Va. Will rock as always. www.kevinkash.com
I'm doing well. How are you doing? How is your jewelry business?
That won't help. All of Wisconsin is currently unavailable.
where'd you park?! That's too much money lol
My neighbor put up a "Honk for Vickie's (my Mom) B-Day" sign up in our yard. All day cars have been laying on their horns as they drive by.
4 HR's at Camden Yards not as impressive as Ryan Braun's 3 bombs and a double at Petco
" You said you'd always be there for me, but you're not. And it's because of me. It's my fault. –Simba
im puking up captitalism cause it's being shoved down my throat, everyone else seems to have no gag reflex tho
The top may wobble at times, but faith keeps it spinning.
excellent! Thank you! That's what I was hoping to do. She's coming on on
spotted cockroach number 3... Turns out your spray doesn't work on this one
You tell yourself you don't like them, and yet every time you think of them, your heart beats faster.
from - make open courseware extensible.
Haha wait until u start skyping
Hello! Are you home yet? Lol
Oh it's such a nice day, and I'm stuck inside doing computer work! Goober.
Ok goodnight to everyone! Bye :*
RT : Great ManDate with
Yes I am :-), don't tell ! That's how I keep up with things on the other side of the pond.
Best birthweek ever so far! Finger tattoos, dinner with family, new motorcycle helmet! And it gets better, tomorrow spa day and clean house!
Good Morning Dylan!!! :) <3
Warm weather makes me wanna ride my motorcycle :'(
Thx and I will! Congrats on your success :)
application to National Taiwan U's anthro program sent! u be a fool if you dont accept me honeybooboochild!
you can try Fiesta- they usually have a few for sale
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite former students Have a blessed day!
Wanted to get fucked up tonight since I'm so upset about my ex. But guess that won't happen.
in business and in sports speed kills, I am not just talking about being fast. talking about speed of efficency, though and focus action
Oh shit. Someone farted. If I die...you know why.
Today I'm feeling I A-flat minor. Where's the coffee?
We miss you guys!
Everyone check out tonight at 6pm CST, 7 for us east coasters. I love the idea and think it's great that they're doing it.
Thank you! Good to see you too! How've you been?
so, the day we release our first issue, our host decides to shut down. moving the site over to a different host. should be back up soon!
just to me lol
Taj gibson just peeled his muffin cap back blue
Maybe. Your odds are currently 1 in 3,011.
My thoughts exactly!
have you tried the shrimp toast at son of a gun in LA?
Thank YOU. You know how we love your cookie voice.
If I had a nickel for each time BOTH Tony and Mike were in Studio, I would live in a cardboard box.
I'm tempted to make a subliminal tweet
I like Bon Jovi! A lot!
RT : What Site Owners, Web Developers, And SEOs Should Know About the Yahoo/Microsoft. bit.ly/5yrEg
Finish this question: The one person I would love to meet is __________
Happy Anniversary!
Visit us the fastest growing classified site in the world to market or sell almost anything. Isisclassifieds.com
My mom totally cock blocked me in my dream last night.
The minuteman are an Nit power house now. Loving it!
Behind your tweets lies the hatred and disrespect of a fanatic. Not my thing. I wish you luck.
Happy Birthday, Fenway Park!
Yaaaaay-uh (easy to say, hard to write). Trying hard to focus on work, yet find myself shopping a bit this afternoon.
People change, feelings fade, heart broken, friends leave, friends become enemies, lovers become strangers, you’ll be judged, life goes on.
Want to go #solar? We can help with all your residential, off-grid, water heating, water pumping & gate operating solar needs!
The computer is down, therefore no broadcast
Internet Marketing Agency, Command Partners, Expands Again
#PeopleWhoWereBulliedButNowSuccessful , , , , . They inspire me a lot. ♥
Arg! Yesterday was 404 and I missed my opportunity to post a status code joke.
Lml, Such A Funny Brother.
She be on twitter all day, how she ain't got more tweets then me
This jello tastes like cough syrup ..
Might be able to get someone to come pick them up today if not.
Walmart = fat people in track suit day! I need to start shopping at Target
wow...how very weak..
Cheese Steak! Cheese Steak! Cheese Steak! Are you ready for the Texas Cheese Steak from Memphis Minnie's?
What's up tonight #Akron?
funny! she doesn't find it so funny. I say its not funny. (but it is.) I'm a good girlfriend, and embarrass her via twitter.
I'm trying to almost give away a Honda Car,here in Phoenix and no one is calling.I guess every body has a car to get around in.That's Good
"The key to immortally is living a life worth remembering" - Brandon Bruce Lee
most boring saturday night ever! i hate when my weekend plans dont go as planned shit pisses me off
"You can't intimidate the " - Charles Barkley... "You sure can't" -
RT : Oh. It's green week! Maybe Dwight was conserving his energy?
Searching for a Domain host for my #startup - Any suggestions of a reputable hotsting compant?
No but he was on some super homophobic tip the other day and he got retweeted on my TL. Maybe looking for attention.
Welcme to the home of self-defense products!
Well how about that... I'm being followed by Vegas Strippers ().
♪How Am I Supposed To Leave You When My Heart Tells Me To Keep You? How Can You Ask Me To Let You Go?♪ ~
Why would u pass on Earl Thomas philly? Good pick but bad time.
Just opened 4 btls of bubbly+wondered abt moon phase. Corks were MONSTERS to get out! RT : "...Full moon in perigee yesterday"
Wondering what I might come back to after 10 days of being away from work.
A whole bunch of misunderstandings and assumptions psssshh #humans lol
Give Me Love. Xx
Took another leap of faith :) love it
oh my gosh, I can't wait till they're over! 3.5 days of sleep sounds amazing!
All I have to worry about is my Spanish final and then I am DONE.
I'd like to see Johnny Damon come to Cleveland. Actually, let's just cut Sizemore now and keep Damon.
Battery on your remote control running low? Press the buttons harder.
Kate Stanford of Google talking SoLoMo with great examples... Mercedes Key to Viano interactive campaign via key chain very cool.
i was in school! i miss u 2<3
the hits? I just saw that some other people I follow arrived in NYC today.
Can't wait to see some of the new #website designs you've created! Thanks for sharing your #skills!
Traffic. Traffic. Traffic. Traffic. Traffic.
Thank you for my gorgeous bracelet, i LOVE!! Definitely brightened up my day!
I seen that the other day, but lord about to burn the house down lol.
Me too! Specifically, the University Archivist for my alma mater [huge state school]. The position's been vacant for years.
Haha there is nothin on tv
As far as I can tell she doesn't seem to like ANY pasta. There must have been a mixup at the hospital.
call in my girl! :(
stupid 19 yr old boy who laugh thinks is cute but ruined her halloween by gettin married
we've been together for thousands of years..
Anecdote from 1 Seattle restaurant Groupon: 2k sold, 40% used in first 60 days, big Fri/Sat crowds. Basically, filled unused inventory
Pierce: Limitations in R5.4 against fee splitting are an impediment to delivery of legal services
Not a problem, it's what we're here for. ;-)
poorly run business for sure. Poor Sanchez doesn't deserve this.
Omfg he really just broke my glasses and then say sorry No.!
jus sayin'. if u gon get all deep and meta on my ass i'm gon point out how stupid it is. fuck yo couch
Where the fuck has alex riley been?
only if i was tan
enjoying life with 2 kids. You?
Jay-Ism # 4 - "A n Individual succeeds by always achieving, not by always repeating"..(Keep pushing yourself to new limits to find success)
Are you celebrating a March Birthday? If so stop by the Front Desk for a Yummy Surprise!
My mom said if I get my grades up, she'll take me to Demi's concert this summer. That's such hard work tho.
exactly. Could he have sustained those injuries from someone else or even inflicted them thereafter? Yes.
wen he first came out his name was meek mills
That's really funny. I reviewed her portfolio and wondered if she was related to you. Totally did not put that together.
so it looks like ORETO the fifth spec written by yours truly RS1 is resurfacing, making a comeback if you will. The Poet of Rhyme & Treason.
Interface is bringing Powershell (Feb 7) and Project Management (Mar 14) classes to Flagstaff, AZ - register today if you're in northern AZ!
Thank you Nate!
Overcoming poverty is not a task of charity, it is an act of justice. Like slavery and apartheid, poverty is not natural. It is man-made...
where are you from? i´m spanish!
Of all the songs about being dumped by Judy Collins, "Suite: Judy Blue Eyes" is really the best.
Treating myself to guava, pina colada, mango and strawberry coconut cupcakes and cake pops for my birthday courtesy of :)
i don't like sewing jeans. specially cause they're not even mine. Like wtf pay me bitch
Couples Entry TWO FOR ONE! Single? Print the bulletin pass!
I know how you feel, noone at my school listens to my music.
This #RARE album is unbelievable ..
RT : Nothing surprises me anymore!!
Just spent the last minute reading Nonsense to my niece. Very cute book!!
I keep having uncomfortable moments with women at work, they flirt a little too aggressively, and im married...
My allergies are getting worse...I have a bloody nose, and a headache.
... Lebron isn't even the best player on his own team lmao.
You won't be seventeen forever, we can get away with this tonight. <3
that's our inspiration for lyrics.
#10tweetsaday its like exercise for your social networking....
seems like everyone who has a firm or a company has some guilt and secrets.
Why thank you!
is this really happening? I swear Ill never be happy again. And dont you dare say we can just be friends.
What fun madness! Thank you to all who came out to World Voices, ESPECIALLY the 150+ volunteers! PEN office is mighty quiet today...
And... D Rose is done for the season!
You can lead a boy to college but you can't make him think
you never get over it, you just get to the point where it doesn't matter so much anymore.
The ice cream truck playing the music of scary clowns outside my window is messing with my ability to compose
Just left Tucson on a roll to Austin Texas for South by Southwest
You're crazy! HaHa I'll text you, "It's Britney Bitch!"
aye so i guess my birthday weekend begins now((:
my phone died.
The highest reward for your dedication to excellence is not what you get from it but what you become from it
hope yoiur having an amazing weekend!
UW is def one of the most social savvy schools. That said, it's mostly just marketing. Next step: genuine conversation.
I'm now a nail tech:) love doing my own nails fabulously!!!! <3
i'll admit the yabbadabbabitch part was pretty funny.. even tho he wasn't there :x
The short stubby guy tryed to put Jim Jones out there Monday. But got handled he was terrified.LMAO
Can't keep up wit all this new social networking stuff...
hahaha i love it, gotta catch up soon
R.I.P. Joe Morello
nap time.. long day😔💤
#FF more superb, less absurd.
big nick for sure. Flippin titties all day
how can you see into my eyes like open doors? save me from the nothing ive become. bring me to life
The best thing you can do in 2 min for your business? Check out the "One Idea Two Minutes" podcast on our website or iTunes
thanks guys!
So you know that if you are so complimentary I MUST reply. Awesome, me? Gracias, mi amor.
funny thing about niggas , you never run out of em lol smh
Beards before hoes. Or did I get that saying wrong?
Those that want respect, give respect.
a week and a half away from being able to vote..
Gas station attendant pointed at a zit on my face and said "proactive worked for her". I said "oh really.. College really worked for me"
Me and mah boyfriend are doing great. :D & so is Valerie and Menchaca. <3 Coleita loves Menchacalita.
oh yes. Preparing my liver now.
How many times can I break till I shatter?
$20 for the whole lot of them. Do it, do it!
Thanks, Andy! Glad we could connect in the workshop today. We'll be in touch soon!
Why is ain't tweeting much?
Have a new pair of specs from Metro Eye? Or a fave pair you can't live without? Tweet a pic and show us how you rock your frames!
my net is down at da moment but im free saturday tho,if u gonna be n da studio-i could come thru
RT : “Quality has to be caused, not controlled.”- P. Crosby [Amen.]
should have a new edit of my reel ready reel soon, hope i reelly love it when im done
It is WAY too hot. Ugh.
tacos or burritos?
I'll make sure not to walk in your room. I find displays like that highly discriminatory to those of us with mutant height! ;-)
please follow back:)
you do ya school work
Did anyone else notice that dude in the 'Boyfriend' video wearing a 'Chunky Bieber' sweater? LOL.
Hanging out with weather producer this morning in the Center. Talking about watching today's Manchester Derby.
It's been a busy week. Finally getting back to painting tonight. We'll see if the decisions I've been thinking about hold their weight.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 63F MOSTLY CLOUDY
Just left one church and about to head to another one!
thank you for the follow! Love your site! Keep in touch
You, my friend, are lucky.
I would go to see Dali's home in Spain!
Learn about the A. Philip Randolph Porter Museum on today at Noon
No matter what the weather no matter what the weather RT : My friends, are your friends. We can be friends together.
you are amazing. You completely changed the course of their lives.
Playing with Poll Everywhere
Your welcome! And your in the Yay like us! And a night owl like us! lol
I'm with Maddie..talking about your brother lololol
": is going to die of how many times she does hookah." LMFAO , I'm not smoking.
Man im hungry as fuck!!!!!
Nice to hear about another good dining option before heading to a movie, Berkeley Rep or Cal event. Thanks!
well hung.
Getting ready for the tomorrow! Can't wait, going to have to save lots of room for all that food!
#FF for the best tech reporter north of the border:
i am deffinitly a real person,not a spamer,and trying to retire from driving gasoline tanker in the greater phily pa. area
of course :)
Great evening block walking, then meeting friends and supporters at the Metrocrest Democrats meeting. 22 days to go!
eat a piroshki for me...
Good morning, !
probably my favorite April fool's this year!
I spent today looking at my marketing plan. What do you do on a daily basis to market your business?
I like Skip Schumaker at second base for the #STLCards much more than Tyler Greene and Daniel Descalso.
Love that place!! “: Dine out. Fight AIDS! Headed to El Nuevo Rodeo now! #dolmn #FB”
um...where is my invite
Watching Arthur on pbs kicking it old school :)
Success means different things 4 different people...but is a mutual goal 4 us all. Value the path that leads u there, winding roads & all!
He'll be home and done with the military in 1 wk!
sure, you bet, no problem... Now... About that acquisition of my work...
; have i told u i love u lately??;)
The Girl with the Bacon Tattoo
Why, yes, I am eating Nutella between sets of sit-ups.
Any museum/exhibition folk know an out-of-box tool for recording video of visitors answering a question? Have seen one, now can't find it
Oh darn....we wouldn't want that happening now would we?!
Locbit wants to wish everyone a early happy
WOOT RT : Here's an idea: to road trip in VIP party bus/limos.
Big sports news re Dem cheatin' Saints. More with Packman on sports at 6:45!
I don't understand how I'm still so tired. Cannot deal. Cup of coffee #2, maybe skipping yoga.
interrupting yourself while talking to yourself… Quite the paradox, eh?
I have alerted the IT boys to your situation. Have you posted your prob to the chat board on the site?
RT dont forget about our delivery service Fast Food Express ATL. check us out.
Kids are hogging the iPad, can't keep up with twitter feed, feels like I'm missing half the game
Tillman got another force fumble!
EW I DONT WANT HER LICKING ME
NEVER. I will die with my phone and have it buried next to me in it's own little coffin.
voice* QUICK TIME
I'm right here!
Omw to school bumping that
Is this love?
"afraid to get nair in your shampoo again?" wow hahahahahahaha
Always getting the urge to dance salsa when there's no one around to dance with.
Glad to have the Founder of the Northwest Chapter of Keiretsu Forum on the advisory board! Thanks Todd!
Welcome to the machine
Sounds like the perfect Sunday to us! Did you have fun?
I am looking forward to the release of the Rock Dog Revolution cd!
hey, you wanna partake in ?? we're looking for tap dancers!
Dr. Hrabowski, the president of UMBC.
partying and working same old 😃
Definitely want to visit it one more time before leaving MN!
Feeling some better. Not quite 100% yet, but I'll see you tomorrow. Glad you & Shata had the movie tix to good use!
you should visit his house in Prague…if you lived in that closet you could write like him too!
During the All-Star game when Kane turned into "SuperKane"!! Dominating the breakaway challenge.
Tonight #Infected <3
Q. Why don't Canadians have group sex? A. Too many thank-you letters to write afterwards.
Thanks Sarah! Nice to meet you in Ottawa | RT : Great presentation - welcome to Canada eh!
I literally just want to runaway and never come back.
Too lazy to get up. Fml
He was a television entrepreneur in Boston in the 1930s--we have one of his TVs
at long beach laying down on a sofa with a laptop....end of story
#20ThingsAboutMe 15) I think Dale Jr . is sexy(:
ID eat it... I would make the best oral sex to ur body~ muah #Besos 69
“The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score.” -- Bill Copeland
Lincoln HID can be considered as the brightest idea for making driving more comfortable
Ha! when the video comes out your break is O-V-E-R OVER!
But pops will be here in the morn so bout to call it a nite
o u better smash dat
Macho is at moms tonight. She prob cooked for him and he is asleep in a huge bed while I'm the one having separation anxiety.
We told this little girl that we named the dog at Petland Yolo. Oh my God lmfao.
she sucks bro
First 500 attendees each day will receive "Goodie Bags" full of coupons, give a ways, IPODs and more. Visit www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Go get 'em this week at The Masters!
I've come to the conclusion that listening to a book is much more interesting than reading it. Plus it's much faster!
so he got mad? .. dude he's overprotective !!! :/
Fckk Muve Music for not having Sweet Love on there
noo lexii . Im not idc about that situation . I dont even know tbh . If im ugly them im ugly . Or nasty
Yeah, it definitely is lol
In order to be the best, you have to know your breaking point - go to the edge of it, but never go beyond. ~ Rebecca Twig
Going up to Attica.
NYE is finally here!
u totally forgot about me :((
Nice! RT : Finished a wet & windy 5k race this morning in 29min flat. The charity run is a great addition to #coopthink this year!
RT : Pixel-topia! This video from Washington Project for the Arts Experimental Media Series is amazing.
Earn your career in nursing, psychology or science/math and live within your own agendas by enrolling in online college programs
I thoroughly enjoyed that.
i'm a work in progress ;)
when people constantly divert their attention elsewhere government continues to do what they're doing, like they have for ages
goodnight oh everybody go follow this beautiful girl
eats blue waffles on the daily with a side crusty lips. Secretions
Tweet tweet, let it begin! Tweet tweet, let it begin! Tweet tweet, let it begin! Tweet tweet, let it begin! Tweet tweet, let it begin! MENGS
i will follow him for his birthday if u follow me for my birthday (july 24!)
excited for lunch tomorrow!
said that id rather "mute" you than unfollow so you can keep ya follow.... lol she's right though...
cough it should be me cough cough lol wut? :D
is it really that much better tho.
I hear you guys got a ton of it!
DanceBlue was definitely a success.
He don't know what he talking about.
NEW MEXICO TOMORROW WITH , , an my girl !
Thank you for screening MY AMERICA at the meeting tonight!
Why thank you! It's the least we can do. :) Also - it's been too long! RT : I love a employment ad with a sense of humor!...
thx, we never made it, but will also plan earlier for next yr.
sent u a dm hopefully. New cell is acting weird.
Save yourself!
RT : having trouble synching my bank account for kickstarter amazon payment system, any recommendations | Kick for starters
Hopefully I get my tragus piercing tomorrow 😊
RT : Kudos to & , which just scored a cache of well-deserved
Still devastated about Faried, man.
Backstage Romance is rad. Go like them on facebook!
This week is going so slow!
I don't post, I don't email, I don't correspond in any way. I just report them to the hosting company.
It's coo tho. I could careless what anyone says about me.
They were adorable
I am in desperate need of inspiration.
what does this mean Donna?Visit this free promotion site on my profile if you need more follows..hey follow4follow? will trade
Current computer skills are key: starting with Word, Excel and PowerPoint.
Join us tonight as DJ plays all the songs you like but can never remember the name of. Stay tuned for the
May Adam's service to the world be an influence and example to us all.
Rock n roll again in Berkeley!
Match day!
cool we'll when I'm chatting wit you off here
You got it!
Very excited at what the future will bring! Door is wide open for bigger and better things!!! You never know what is around the corner :-)
I'm beginning to feel like an expectant father. No really, I am very excited about how things are coming along with Ebuxing.com
No Sir, I want a Muppet government!! "Do you think the solution to Kony is the US invading Uganda, setting up a puppet govt"
lol already did it my gurl
Imagine how good McCoy would be right now if he was named starter 4 games ago.
u mean u had a convo with on what you like to tweet? *confused
Posting pics on fb Bs tats be weak af... & ppl be liking them
STEELERS BABY WHAAATTT!!!!!!!!
Yes, it was discussed that curiosity of this newfangled code thingy has a lot to do with it.
I am but i wanted to see if you would bring me something but never mind i guess I'm not important enough too you LOL :)
Don't starve to lose weight! You won't get enough nutrients and your body slows its metabolism to hold onto precious calories.
There will be no landscape photography in #Loudoun today. Water falls from the sky and the wind blows from the south. Maybe another day...
How many seasons are there? Hah. I've seen quite a bit of episodes, but I haven't seen the show in forever.
Who got the Studio on deck?? Get @ me!! I got sum ish on my mind..
Trick or treat, trick or treat, give me something good to eat
hahahahahahahaha whose pitching for us??????
#WhenWillYou just be a real person
Wisconsin and Marquette both play Thursday. Looks like I'll be watching basketball all day. I mean, I was going to anyway, but still...
very nice song!
Relationship > Distance
How is my CCW training different? I don't just teach what you need to get a concealed license, I teach what you need to know to stay alive!
As Mayor, please loosen the liquor laws.
Graduating senior looking to learn about the craft of PR.
You know it's a bad lunch day when you are excited that you packed a cheese stick.
#dhtrial if nic rejected offer with an 8 to 4 jury lock she is a blonde of steel. Gotta give her credit. Possibility of a retrial is real.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!! We're thankful for you. :)
bastards didn't even buy me a martini! Pfffffffft
thanks. Will do!
were gonna handle;) ill hit you up tomorrow kk
No clue! I'm hoping they do! * <-- a snowflake
I'm geeking out so much over Pottermore. I'm a Ravenclaw!
More like John Lacking!
Love you.
. Thanks! I uploaded the Hidden Picture Books just to see how it would work on my
stop tweeting every 20s about ur elbow punk;)
76ers won now it's #flyers turners go boys
I'm listening to a little Drake myself :)
I take it all back.
thanks, Larry. Hope you made it home safely.
Proof that TK is a closet NOW fan
I know what you're saying lol I really don't have too much of a problem with most of the modern music
#AintNothingLike hugging someone you care about, and they squeeze you harder and longer.
I hope it's just all in our heads ;). Id like to have a non-acidic stomach again. Good luck! We can cheer each other on!
After chatting with Rebecca of last night, and today's news, I have realised that is basically *everywhere* ;-)
lol, does it make you better?
Thanks Erin!! RT : #nowplaying "Sleep On This" by Such a great song!
pork fries and clam chowder! Yum!
Seis De Mayo is special to me too. Let's go get tanked on Jose Cuervo and salsa.
Definitely get the book! You may never be the same...
Pilot killed in Lexington plane crash was on his way to furniture market
ha! "Hold out hope you should not, tired your arms shall be"...lol
Brady: Urban renewal should NOT be an economic development tool
I'll mention to the chef on your behalf. ;) RT : This weather demands the return of the watermelon pizza!
Reverb = Modesty..Auto Tune =Dishonesty..Please stop lying to me through your microphone. <3 bri
Congratulations to joining the great Copyblogger gang - wonderful news!
He still has it because he's admin on my HCRFS FB Page still!
To love abundantly is to live abundantly, and to love forever is to live forever
you guys kick some serious ass, just FYI
Dumb bitch in the car in front me holding up traffic, oblivious to the world ...
Come pick me up in the a.m?
i'm almost there. so close to those auditions. there almost here. there almost here
it's time to count sheep! Lol I'm out...
Bridal Shower time :*
guys who talk to you first
Too much shit to do today, but gotta get shit straight with
watching E3 with jen.
your customer service dept is the BEST, Thank you.
Finally finished this paper and powerpoint!
Hey ! Any fun lighting tips for our followers to make their house feel fresh for spring?
Listening to
you should make my sister's Christmas wish come true and follow her please
Thanks. Recommend send your story if you havent done so. He blogs vegan testimonials. They are inspiring and awesome to read
so what time?
my random question for you.. what is your favorite book??
Where's our next great baker?!
Amazon should really build tunnels underneath all of their buildings. Driving in SLU during lunch time is a disaster!
Nd now making so many others dream come true i hope u had an amazing birthday!! Pls follow me tht would make this a reality
Remember the new OT rules. If we get there of course.
we have them anyways...
Ate here yesterday, now just meeting a friend. Still, deeply contemplating a plate of mahi tacos. (@ Sharky's Mexican Grill - Cahuenga)
a guess what
Thanks, glad you enjoyed it!
#BieberGivesTheBestBlowjobs <<<<<<<THIS rofl
SUP SUP JEFF ENG!
I got new iPhone, it is cool.
S/O to the girls who are half naked in their twitcon!
A wise german man once said: "Life isn't all about happiness."
Thought for the Day "My list of ingredients for success is divided into four basic groups: Inward, Outward, Upward and Onward." David Thomas
In a dining room- draw focus on the table with a chandelier or pendant. Use indirect lights, such as sconces, for dim corners.
we could have had a #SF road trip, especially since I've NEVER been there! Worst.Californian.Ever.
Going to the dells for mother's day with mom. I hate pools but I need to get away for a while :(
It hurts :(
Lucky I wanted too see it! :(
garbage in, garbage out
My headache is really really bad! its at the point I feel like crawling up in a ball on the floor or banging my head against a wall :(
I for one, support striking employees of Paris' Crazy Horse.
Thanks for the RTs and listings!
sweet :) RT : Yep.. I used to do that back then.. in the "old" days.. hahaha
you ain't lying. Lol Michigan has no summers nor beaches! :-0
IL #families to get extra support due to $19m in grants for home-visiting programs. Read bit.ly/pfFJ7e
Follow bACK (:
"I think we should just be friends" is the worst thing to say to your own kid.
Well Spring may TECHNICALLY be a week away, but it appears to have rolled on to The Avenue a little early, come get a burger and a drink!
When I sing in the shower, I sound really good. Then I turn the water off....
Hi Rev. Jeff, I hadn't seen that thank you!
Wish I could! Heading to MN at noon. Missed you last night, !
Very True!
Pour some (shampoo) out for
Holy cow! 5000 kindle downloads at the Seattle Public Library in the past week.
precise wants to call into your radio show please tweet me your request line number thank you.
WHERES THE PARTY #MAY27th??? ---->>>>>>>>> ITS AT THE #AYVAcenter.... for yall women that love to #twerk .
Oh, I'm changing my name to Charity Monday. I needed to add a little white trash to my life. I'll expect my check Tuesday.
“: Trying to talk out of a Tinkerbell tattoo” Bahahagahaha yes please do 😄
Thanks so much, Noah. Same to you♥ I hope your day is going beautifully:)
To say the Badger hoops team's play this season has been wildly inconsistent would be understatement of the year. HUGE road win today boys!
O never thought about having no-longer-living fake aunts. Huh. *contemplative* I need to see more Ava Gardner movies!
Reflecting on Tiller's memorial service in D.C. today -- we need to share our outrage.
I want a new droid
people get excited about overhead storage space.
What you are witnessing is the power of the noise of Lakers Nation.
Hi tweeps, been hiding out for a while...I'm back
Somehow I have a Google+ account, and all the people it recommends for me are the ones who have sent me misaddressed email over the years.
We applaud efforts to help #Foster_Parents protect their families from risk. Berry Family Child Care Network
My 3 year old grandson has been sticking to me like glue for the last week. I love the little tiger, but I need some space.. Yelling now.
Special thanks to the true indie brand supporters out there that do blog & spread the word
is visiting us this week! Beware of #DC weather, you never know if you need a winter coat or flip flops!
Saturday or Sunday!
it sure isn't
back to work after 2 weeks off - 1600+ items in my Inbox (rolls up sleeves)
thats no fun
French Laundry is always nice. Bring sacks of cash.
Making all these crafts for my little girl's party is inspiring me to try new things
sorry it's gate C28!
Needa dye my hair like ASAP
Top 5 mega trends after group voting.
Yeah, I hate when punts get blocked, too. RT I hate it when people are deliberately obtuse.
I believe you.
RT : There are a lot of ppl on laptops in here. Do you ever get tempted to stand up and yell #NANOWRIMO in a crowded coffee shop?
Smoking after getting a tooth extraction causes air pocketts that are very painfull. WHY DID I SMOKE
We're happy to support!
Customer Appreciation day tomorrow at 7-Eleven! Starts at 10:00 am. Raffle prizes include:Bike,Monster Car,Juke Box & more!
Not that you care, but I'm about to take IE9 out for a test drive.
Ratatat, writing and studying the history of rock and roll. I'd say this makes for a pretty good night, though its going to be a late one.
I thought 'I am morman' ads were dumb -- just saw a "1 in 4 is aethiest find out why" ad. Now im confused as to which i find more idiotic
#gcyale : Social practices (e.g. Anon) are forming worldwide that resist abuse of these terms to overcome free expression
So glad to hear you enjoyed my book. I really appreciate you spreading the word about.
Parking issues in HTX? Never! “: #bisnow Seeing office tenants putting more people in less space, resulting in parking issues.”
Support your local musicians!
Oh a little bit of everything. Life good for you?
I think this is a fabulous idea 😁
your fans love 2 watch & listen 2 u everyday, JW do u ever have what your fans call a Reba day where u watch & listen 2 ur own stuff
Jacob... I move back in 20 days
New PayPal will consolidate all yur credit,debit,& gift cards,& recognize coupons.Physical cards & coupons are becoming a thing of the past.
FOLLOW US AND WE FOLLOWING BACK!!!! NOT JUST A MOVEMENTBUT A LIFESTYLE!!!! MIGHTY MPIYA!!!! RT!!!!! RT!!!!!! RT!!!!!!!!
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude 14
haha best video ever.. I wish my grandma was that cool
Ozzie Guillen press conference live!!!!! Let's go Ozzie!!!!!
If you can't decide on having a panini or a salad for lunch...don't have either. Order a Big Glass of wine. Always works for me....
Yup just hit a walk off home run
Hey, just discovered 8BitSeattle! Thanks to you and to Brett for putting us on the map!
Can't wait to see your #MothersDay tweet. I know its going to be FIRE.
#Education Group and #City Council Group Meetings today at 3:30pm, #Chamblins. #GA at 4pm. Hope you can make it.
is coming and it's not and they hurt like hell
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
loved it
SB 364 Part Deux Kehoe and Senate Pro Tem meet with Yee, the author to determine fate big biz appears more on board
You can have the evidence right in front of you, but if you can't imagine something that has never existed before, it's impossible
At shop!!! Big day.
no, no, no... Another weapon for Aaron Rodgers!! Dd is gettin old,Welker fills the void!!
If the world was drama free..
that's what we're hearing from everybody as well. Which one is your favorite character?
Habby Birthday HAve A GRAND One :D <3
Whew. Rondo looks okay.
I'm in love with Kerry Washington.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Headed to bed with my love
Are you thinking of getting another tattoo? Hit "like" if you are.
ah thanks!!
So.. I can mute ppl now lol..†
all the fb people who are posting pics with their moms
We are looking for graphic design help for our Go Red For Women collateral. Want to make a difference? Call Kim: 503-595-2573. Thanks!
Crazy Mary gig TONIGHT 11/11 at Trash Bar 256 Grand st., Brooklyn
That's true. Helps to know where to go.
Arroyo pitching a lot of balls. But due to chain of evidence, they are being called strikes.
We are actually not open on weekends yet, can you make hacknight on wednesday night?
We are looking for "sideshow"/"freakshow" entertainers/groups to perform. Please send them my way! (Please RT!)
in houston?
Fuck society's idea of beauty.! Your beautiful in EVERY SINGLE WAY!<3
We hope our mom had a fun Mother's Day! We wish we were home in Indiana to spend it with her.
What is your Funniest #Poker #Story ok lets here Em.....
what ya rehearsing?
Everything happens for a reason<3
#ff the dude from The Cars
Either you're, single or in a Relationship, there is no in between
Genius RT : mix in some vodka and I bet it would taste like heaven.
Best wishes to friends presenting & performing & interviewing at
RIP Junior Seau - our thoughts are with your family and friends right now. You will be remembered and missed.
we'll be on soon. I know you love Storm Team snow coverage.
woot it's getting close I'll have to post a picture of my outfit so you can see you'll definitely be able to spot me. Lol
Luby's for dinner tonight. Twenty years later and it still kicks a$$!
DWF Offices will be closed today (11/23) through Friday (11/25) for the Thanksgiving holiday, we'll see you back on Monday!
RT : #dogoodsummit = the pursuit of profit + purpose. It CAN be done. It SHOULD be done.
hey Toledo your tweet to your daughter inspired me to send the same to mine. I thought you should know that
however, if anything gets to me along the way, I'll try to sell the tickets and get regular ones.............
“: What did y'all think of Steven Tyler? Thought it was pretty cool.” it was terrible! Were we listening to the same thing?
So much alcohol will be consumed in 9 days. I love my friends.
hmm, should probably tweet something. How about some upcoming iSchool events?
Kendall? She's a senior?! One of my first team kids at AGA! ;)
thank you!
Thank you for your input kind sir, as ignorant as it may be. Have a great weekend!
we miss you Greg!
idk it's pretty hot
I tried so hard and got so far but in the end it doesn't even matter... #Linkin Park
he's a free agent buddy we need him!!!
is their a discount for 2-hour shuttle rides from airport to hotel?
but of course! hope to meet you in real time some day
We're busy getting ready for 's workshop! :)
Re: bball and fball coaches w/ top ten active career win %, what about Ohio St. (Thad Matta and Urban Meyer)?
Good afternoon.twitter first time in a while that i.got some.much needed sleep today should be a good day
Official Celebrity✔ Offical Twitter✔
So if we were to go on tour this year, what cities should we try and hit?
training?!? as in basic?
A1. I don't drink, so I don't really do that... Let's go with L'Chaim. Everyone loves that ch sound.
just no. he's not some musician for 12 year old fangirls
(AP) -- Person familiar with decision: New York Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni has resigned
Kegel, Gesser and Lincoln???? The star studded cast for Cougar Legends presented by Sterling Bank continues to grow!
that's right! U tell 'em, pink panther flakes!!! :-)
Convos outside of SM can help- told some active indiv how valued they are & now they're ambassadors
hit me up if you need a bassist. currently in LA
Children’s early development depends on their parents’ well-being and life skills, particularly interaction and reflection.
": S/o 2 for the follow" back at u hun )
a bit
Good song.
that is brilliant!!! i want more!
Good essay about #Amy Winehouse
DERBY DAY NERVES!
I think i am going to go shower then play some bf3.
also whn ppl say: "when u meet the right one, u will change your mind on having kids" ugh, I have gotten that SEVERAL times...
Watching the
Steakhouse then to sinix for BGCZ
uh huh
Highs in the 70s inland, 70 City, 60s coast today. Sprinkle tomorrow, cooler, highs near 60. Warmest Wed. & Thu... temps in the 70s.
Off to go find a tasty treat in the city of DC;-)
Tony Rishell wants in too. Just moved back to Mi. Already attended an event at Skybar
Do you realize we're going to get married and steal all the social security and be rich while everyone else works till 98 yrs old.
I like.
"When you know yourself you are empowered. When you accept yourself you are invincible." ~ Lifford via Teal Butterflies
I'm pretty lame with updating this Twitter, but I promise I'm better at FYEAHFAREWELLFIGHTER.TUMBLR.COM!!
CNet seems to be down, but DFEOJM says it's up. I can't ping it either.
there is nothing to watch on TV -_-'
I cant wait till your new merch is out soo i can buy it (:
Nigga Ross said 1.5 for the transport. This nigga I swear.. He comes at niggas heads on every track..
at rehearsal. ive been sittin here for almost 2 hours. 1 more hour to go. :/ thats what I get for being in stage crew & not the actual play.
Lakers Are Old News! Time To Get Off The Throne!
Just downloaded the new app. Looking forward to the event next Saturday.
U look like ur havin fun who is the dude with the mustache?? hes all like :D lolz
From Capitol command center: No change on allowing protesters to spend the night tonight, Elise Schaffer says.
CHOO CHOO! Good morning! Wake up! It's #NationalTrainDay, friends. All aboard for
“: YAH I HAD A BABY BUT IM STILL CRAZY!!! - Natalie!!!! #snldigitalshort BRILLIANT!”
Being in school tired af <
Well best of luck in your new venture then! :)
What an awesome fuggin night.
Meeting...meetings....meetings....
Got any good stories from Jingle Jam last night?? We wanna know! Text 69822 or call 222-9800
It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his job depends on not understanding it. Upton Sinclair (1878 - 1968)
Know your place
knockin beats out for you today lol let me know when ur free!
lol i buy any with AP but i always play Ryze xD did you see the sale going on? xD
Also got g here learning some stuff to be next grad assistant 4 the rams...if he doesn't get hired they aren't so "Smart"
Really paying for that lack-luster 1st quarter.
way too young to be getting married IMO
#StayAwayFromMeIf you are not loyal cant have no judice ass people around me
So I was listening to the new ti and lil Wayne and Wayne bets ti in everything
So happy for Modern Family cast, one of my favorites! Steve Carrell definitely should've taken best male lead though!
it will be a platform. Similar to those CMS you mention for adding content. Yet a lot more simpler, and not as robust.
But still, thanks for the press. Those kids are FANTASTIC and deserve more good press like this.
Great info from and today in #JOUR4953 about campaign issues!
Washed Out next week at the black cat. Tickets were $15. :-( I didn't know he was coming. :-( so sad.
Hey everyone! Our tunes are up for listening! W.facebook.com/cowboysnindians give us feedback!
yeah i hate studying for her tests
“ I'll be VERY happy when brings his a$$ back to wrk!! Lol!!”| bahaha I got you covered.
School is already crampin' my social life ⛵
sweet! Thanks for the idea!
are u going to change the DLC playlist on TDM KC DOM u are forcing us to play modes we all don't play? Pls let us know...
Happy Mothers day Mum, thanks for everything...
Why do I throw away so much of what I later need and keep so much of what I don't?
Eli Lilly has a plethora of opportunities ranging from sales to physicians. Stop by their booth to find out more!
Amazing reading the kind words about MCA from every corner of the artistic world.
COULD I GET AT LEAST 50 PEOPLE TO GET FREE NIKE AIR YEEZYS OF YOUR CHOICE BY NEXTWEEK! JUST REFER 25 BUYERS SIGN-UP @
Please! follow my best friend I followed you back! please follow!!
The worst thing someone can do is it pin something and NOT include where it came from or how to make it.
#milwaukee We repriced our retail $ for rock salt!! We are repricing the entire store actually- stay tuned for a BIG CELEBRATION!!! :)
Jet Ski Bash June 23rd Stay Tuned for Details
Thanks a ton lady darling it's actually May 22! Will you be there?!
Y won't this gout go away! This sucks
MISS YOU GUYS!
“: Training is underway at the 2012 Women's JO National Championships in Hampton, VA. Competition begins tomorrow.”
Chilling! Mad bored!
Wow! You look just like your dad!
Go to bed!
If you're jealous of him being/talking with other girls, you know you really care for him...
It's been a great day at the Eiteljorg Museum! Super excited to celebrate at the Contemporary Arts Party!
you should take me out
"Sweet Soul Sister" is an excellent Cult tune.
People are awesome. I'm going to make a YouTube video about how to watch campaign ads before this election.
or if of a lazier demeaner, take a brewery bus tour with us!
In 1860s-70s Republican-controlled state legislatures lifted bans bc believed in equality b4 the law, incl'g Ala., TX, Wash. Terr.
i get love from new york to california
Seattle winter weather thriller, Chapter Two: The Ice Storm.
Tonight ... The moon will shine at its fullest and brightest in this year #Amazing <3
Eric Reda: Artistic Pariah.
I hate myself for loving you.
Thanks for tweeting!
Just ran into my fabulous ex-colleague and friend downtown. What a lovely Friday afternoon treat _that_ was!
I assume you caught Hamilton's HR? Glad you saw him go yard. I have you in for a live hit at 5:20. Feel free to use "go yard".
yessir...cant complain on a 60 degree day in Feb i guess
Did you just congratulate me for reading?
Sure, you got it. And this is only the start. RT Thanks for the Tebow tweets!
thank you, love spending time with the kids! They are having a blast!
Baseball game vs tommorow oh ya ;)
Tyson's punch was wasted on that talentless hack, lol.
Is he actually a homosexual or.
LOL their first 3 (and probably their only 3) games :)
Come on, David.
But I've never been one to kiss and tel #rascal😘
It's fun talking movies with Lil Ninja. He recognized Jeremy Renner in Avengers from Mission Impossible. My mini film geek.
I did trust you. I told you. Everything. That was hard. I never told anyone exactly everything. But I told you..and we did stuff.
how often do you play racquetball with your friend? let us know if you need tips or advice.
Happy memorial day!
Friday is my 14th birthday!!!!!!!!! I can't freakin' wait!!!!
Hello ulcer my old friend . ... =(
you still in Chicago?
Yeah rehearsal went great. I'm excited to get to filming
i remember u too lol :)
I took a nap! It was heavenly and something I haven't done in a very long time. How about you???
Lovingg the New Song Moves Like Jagger By !! I can't get it out of my head:)
Listening to freshmen and sophomores evaluate the year and our use of technology. Very interesting!
RT : God's first language is Silence. Everything else is a translation. -Thomas Keating
has the best swag.
it was great! Thanks for askin :)
working tonight dont feel like it!
I moved into a group house in college; one of my housemates was pretty cute; 6 years later I call that same cute boy "fiancé"
caught up in the madness I see
RT pop up shop was crazy... good time chillin with and mike tony from design
taking notes on presenters slides with PDF Creator on TabletPC while participating on iMac
Boy u look like u in pain on dat Avi lol
The 70's looks like a great time. I would have been a disco queen
I do!
stop smoking cigarettes! You're too beautiful for that shit yosh
Well I guess Finley has scored 3 now, but the question still stands, haha.
MY NAMES TYSON!! but im a girl
Thanks man, we actually are gonna edit together a little video medley after Summerfest. And yeah, we're PUMPED to play with them
haha its ok sweetie!! [: i didnt find it stalkerish ♥
You sure do know how to make me mad .
Thanks Erik, I will tell Tiger you say hello.
Happy Valentines day!! Who has special plans?
I know oomf is doing damage control right now lol
WHY DO PEOPLE ASK ME OUT ON FACEBOOK?
The guys sitting next to me at the bar are having an earlobe-stretching contest...???
damn that's my birthday bro! Lol I don't think I can man thanks though
happy st. patrick's day.
I have no idea what Henrik was thinking about with that last goal...
Great to meet you last night Stephanie.
I have a feeling that is going to be the inspiration for my thesis project next semester. Kind of excited about it, tbh!
Ugh, its like I'm in labor all over again but I'm not even pregnant!
RT : Q2: What do u wish u had known b4 that u know now about running a biz while raising a family? (pls rt)
packers > homework
Welcome to ICTC!! :)
Best combo ever: #Twitter and
"Long term success is the result of small victories we accumulate every day." -- Rick Pitino
putting one in the air 4 my Boy Blaylock in 3..2..1 blastoff ..ignition we have lift off only the best rocket fiel YEA!
I seem to butt-tweet.
Hoes always get beside themselves when they think they are doing something!
is gearing up for another fun filled weekend! Contact us for your next special event! (405)447-2446 www.okcpartybus.com
FT: May not do entire building tour on first day next time. It could be overwhelming
no more :P
Good to know. :)
YES! BREATHE
#CentralFL, how did your family celebrate #MothersDay?
The peacock looking dress?
yes! I am out with lauren rt nowm
why is the redline so hot? I want to die
yes all 600k people who voted for him today live in Waukesha.
although, what's with general public loving to wreck shots if they see an unguarded camera? You've heard it all I'm sure!
Worth noting: in Burlingame, California, they have people at bars who randomly yell out catch phrases from Storage Wars.
Hm....if the Heat don't win a title I think Orlando's GM should be on the phone tryna trade Dwight for Bron or Dwade.
I was there for you. Remember that.
That game turned into a nail biter, but the win makes being cold and in Maryland totally worth it.
Made a LinkedIn account in hopes for recruitment!
Lionel Richie #Easy Like Sunday Morning
My dad thought it was funny to hang a chucky doll on my door...fuckkk that!!
Congratulations to Christian Kramme! He books a print job which will land him on the cover of a new book!
Mmmyyes. I concur. :]
with every bit of me my man. I believe. But I'm terrified and frustrated.
its gonna happen in 25 minutes
Plenty of seats still available for the U of L-Davidson game.
Hows the tanning going ? Im jealous
Trying to explain to someone who knows nothing about grown men and their hip-hop toys is grounds for dumb stares.
Ariana is so sweet to attend her friend's graduation during her tight schedule. Ari doesn't let fame get in the way of the people she loves♥
thanks it's a real great spot. Making lots of hits
Milwaukee, your clouds are really screwing up my super moon festivities--namely looking at it and saying "Well I guess it looks bigger."
If Charles Barkely was my college professor, I would probably fail his class.
Brazil is where I wanna live and I will live there
with wedding planning done, on to mom's bday and Sam's 30th in 3 weeks. I love planning things!
haha!! Yep! Should be anyway. Lol
They like who I am but is in love with the person I have potential to be..
what up with your icon? I like it!
Pennies and dimes for a kiss
What would I do without my best friends ?!
I would hate to have the thunder or the heat defend my team
Sorry, no hints yet just keep watching our twitter and LiveNation.com for info!
you will be new Light Heavyweight UFC Champs!!!! :-)
i know how you feel nick<3333
Yeah, a photo via Flickr that they probably didn't get permission or pay to use.
basically the best show ever
What's that RT I learned a BIG lesson today
its amazing how many peoples bios involve: i love music. i love food.
I graduated in 1967 with dbl major in psych & English. It has served me well.
Bring me some :> RT : Chicken wings & fries plus oranage soda
