what is Mama Majors New name I can't find her
Crazy to hear Maryland folks say "I'm blowed" and not even high.. another form of "Omg,Siced, and blown away"
if that's not hazardous, I don't know what is
that's like the first time in years!haha well in going back to bed night (:
Q. How many men does it take to open a beer? A. None. It should be opened by the time she brings it to you.
what's been up with you? It's been a while
I'm backk :D
he was like I guess I should go unless you want me to stay she was all no stay, Jordan big as hell too, its finna go down
am I one of the others that you won't name?
okay i really like you ...
should i wear heels or boots tonight ?
Reasons to use statistics in your speech part 1- “Statistics add realism to your speech.”
So ... any blender accidents after using our drink recipes for your party? lol
Tribal energy cardio getting exciting! heating up!
Tea and toast! I'm turning into my mother- thank goodness! Couldn't ask for a better role model
Thank you, and Like Wise!!
At Maggiano's in Tyson's II for Retail Store Training. I must say, I've missed this environment. 20yr retail veteran & have always loved it.
I want friday
It can't just be Japan.
Chipotle and putt putt with some fags 👍😘
Waking up for work tomorrow, not the business
Lmbo the conversations we have at the hair salon hahaha
SuperBowl predictions as of today??? Kind of leaning towards Eagles v. Chargers right now.
Our shop between 3 and 5pm was a who's who of the ABAA and ABA.
catching up with the REAL HOUSEWIVES of ATLANTA.. kaliah and i just got the "DAILY CALL" lol neva fails
RT : You can't make a perfect painting. We can see perfection in our minds. But we can't make a perfect painting. ~ Agnes Martin
S/O 2 all My new followers
well i would hope
I usually say "worse-ted", so fairly literally.
WOW! I am so happy that Dr. Marvin Smith has over 1200 videos of his performances. That's more than all drummers put together in JAZZ
It's such a helpless feeling, sitting next to someone who smells. It's almost painful.
Marlins all the way! Were breaking through tonight!
"Aureole" is a corona around the sun or moon. "Aureola" is a misspelling. The word you're looking for is "areola."
The safe way to double your money is to fold it over once and put it in your pocket. - Frank Hubbard
I live in port orange and we have no power and we are having hail.
is he that boring that you just cleaned out your twitter? :-P
Why isn't Kevin Garnett beating his chest now? Props to ET
We're about to upload photos from our Sapphire Foundation Golf and Poker tournament! Stay tuned..... ;)
I HAVE THE MOST AMAZING BOYFRIEND IN THE WORLD!!!!!!
Haven't been on this account i'n ages what's up y'all?
keep the season going today!
your tweet is too long to quote, but I totally agree!
When your earrings keep knocking your headphones as you're trying to listen to mellow pop while you write and chew.
If we want to stay on track with God and do so with good attitudes, we have to make communication with Him a priority.
i can see that.. he looks like he could be a relative haha
try taking nettles! And local honey! (doing wonders for my cra allergies!)
My rant and blog post about #nook got picked up by The rant was about customer service. I got the new Nook.
Hope the brisket angels sang at your arrival!
you know it! gotta rock that
can you ask Robie if they serve yancys cheese with the couples massage
#Trump calls GOP field (other than #Newt) "Jokes"? HUH???
follow cuz he talks major shit. seriously huge asshole!
Whatever Tickles Your Pickle .
This nigga DMX cries entirely too much on
I like sticks ;3
Woo! #Zombieland is on!! I have to get my weekend fill of zombies since #thewalkingdead isn't on this week.
Switch flipped: UWO biodigester producing energy
Ah. So, likes you because you're a cheap date? ;-p
Fell asleep about midnight and now i'm up! I'm hungry of course...
bout to leave to get on a plane alright ill tweet later!!!:D
u wanna die my hair?
Booked our double-kayak tour for this Saturday! Ready to check out the sea caves!
Dont Cry Over Spoiled Milk!!
so you like the upsets, huh?
Wish i had the movie Cyrus. Thats a good one.
Whoever designed the Petco Park wall down the first base line must moonlight as a medical insurance executive.
Just txteb iconichavanal and she says to tweet me and to follow me weird but do it
If you're still in San Diego Friday I'd love to buy you lunch. I owe you for the fun times I've gotten from the podcast. :)
Right? RT : Days where everyone has the day off give me the illusion I have a day off.
the more you hurt him/her , the more he/ she hates you (:
Awesome! MRT : #training w/ my #recruiting #mentor & the AWESOME on #tools for #recruiter #success! !
lol I WISH!!! Still doin country music here...hopin to get into sideline reporting for next season =)
"Bad employees don't make good dreamers."
Shane ass know he can take a punch
By using this service, you accept our Terms of Use
"By persisting in your path, though you forfeit the little, you gain the great." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I've never cared much for #Nutella. There's something wrong with me, isn't there?
you'll always be awesome in my book! And that's really all that matters! ;)
i believe innovative thinking can be taught. Being innovative and bringing ideas into fruition, well that's another story...
Making my calender of events this summer for the business, which will all have our mascot leo there!
Wow. That's so kind. Thanks for passing along!
or, you coulda had a V8.
My clean house >>>>
I was agreeing with u
well at least your on time...dont forget to hit that purse come tithes and offerings lol
Ri$e n Grind ppl$
Friends teach friends how to Dougie
Great - thank you! I'll register and check it out. How did it go?
Oh good! Can you come???
Great shot and save there...
please follow she is so cool! xx lol xx
I wish I were on my bike today. That was not me in Bolton hill I ride a Lemond. It makes me happy just thinking about it
“: Key: Great content drives sharing which drives engagement which drives ad effectiveness - Ben Straley #nbcusocialtv” thanks!
I hate being shy
Good Morning! Brr it's cold and misty. Beautiful weather to get us in the Christmas mood. Christmas music playing, fire in the fireplace...
because they're too educated
Di buddy track nice!!!!
He says I overeact...Well I never, in all my life ever heard such awful malicious words come from a fucking asshole like him. I hope he dies
dont you hate those moments when all your skinny friends are calling themselves fat & then your just like "IM AN ELEPHANT THEN. K?"
i shot for the sky.. im stuck on the ground.. why do i try i know im going to fall down.. everything is coming down down down
Look for miracles in everyday...expect them
I can definitively say that this is not true for everybody. Please don't give the wrong people that idea!
We're glad you all are loving it! We'd love to hear more of your feedback - send us an email to anytime!
now that's cray. But completely believable (unfortunately)
yay!(: I do not! You never talk to me at your locker! Show me your dress tomorrow!
I think it's rain, rain, rain and more rain.
says cong. Lines drawn by magistrate very similar to what legislature drew
When I listen to John Mayer I think of :D
I've been forgetting what day of the week it is lately.
People who are saying they wish it were cold when they go to class<<<
Every minute in the United States, six people turn 17.
you're 2 good.
Thank You
Just saw Mr.Lammy on my way to school!! That just made my morning ;)
oh like what is that I never heard of it ?
Damn Corey threw the ball right to me and it went in and out of my hand!
We do window treatments, blinds, shutters, drapes, and shades. Probably about to launch a Wordpress blog...
FYI...if u'r alarm resets itself automatically...it doesn't acct 4 Leap Year! Learned this the hard way ;)
thanks for helping spread the word!
she b lying fillin my head up saying I'm da only one n shit smh I'm tired of her lies bro
Anyone want a puppy? 3 available
Haha I'm not alona! sorry
You're welcome.
cool ... At BlueRibbon BBQ, grabbing some lunch. Be over shortly
Everyone's a let down it just depends on how far down they can go.
what kind of cpap do you have?
This bitch said, "How is that okay?" talking about Jen's words, but yet this whore was walking BAREFOOT on a table....How is THAT okay?!
Loved the uninterrupted reading time yesterday on my flight. Downside to ereader-lost 15-20 mins time waiting for all clear to use it
"You cannot serve God and money." Matthew 6:24
We love you Wanda, and we are listening. :)
and don't you forget that sir
You're almost done. Chin up!
tru Dat RT : "I'm a lot more inspired by wht D's r doing 2 fight back in WI than i'm by wht the D's r doing 2 acquiesce in DC."
Rain in #sandiego. Nice every now and again. Not nice every week!
True <3 is unstoppable. So stop badgering me w/ I <3 you's it annoying when I meet the right person ill know, not fans a person particular
in he cubbbby
cinnamon challenge LMFAO #fail but hey at least youre sexy <3
If ur an #Atlanta #Foodie, check out Tomorrow (Sunday) at Atlantic Station! Music on 4/29 is provided by
So remember the time I applied for lottery for the NYC Marathon...and got in?
Is it strange I want to see BATTLESHIP just because I want to hear if Liam Neeson actually says "You sank my battleship"?
Been thinking a ton since #nynt about uses for tristate "rubric" for #commoncore good idea, bad format Need to make more useful for tchrs
Gorgeous day here in DC.
Shout out to all my followers. all 15 of yall lol stil new to this so bear wit me, il get this down eventually
Did you know the hair you just bought came from an animal? Give your clients something better, find out more @ www.drwiggys.com.
Amazing to come home after a lecture on social media to not one, but two pieces of real mail! Letters and cards, oh my!
oh i thought he'd been activated. My bad. Thanks for answering
Lunch discussion today: To what extend can creativity be taught? What are your thoughts?
I like that tweet, I always picture my characters frozen in time until I get back to them.
you should Tweet more often!
Just saw dude in a +VOID+ t shirt. Wonder is he knows where Bubba Dupree is?
RT : Be nice, but not too nice. The world will f**k you otherwise
beautiful stuff that is what we like to hear! How close are you to getting a launch going!
Just picked up a Hero2 camera for the studio.
Im Classy . She's Trashy . Why Her ?
In front of the bills pick I put Twitter down to keep the suspense
WHO'S THE OTHER 7?? just kidding we know weve gotta be in there
When people burn shit out <<<<
i wish they were held today can we make it throw one more year with obama
“: I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way”
have had a scout at every home game this season. As well as a couple of away games. Ball state has been in contact as well.
I wanna go to the Tulip Festival again this April outside #Seattle!
"â�¥ Thank you for the invite much blessings (\0/)
Hockey Season.
Strength and honor.
Chone Figgins again slipped under Mendoza Line with his game-ending K last night. Time for to finally cut him loose.
idk I needed something new so I added some dots to make it look cool
Petino vs. Donovan on Saturday.
I don't let the negative phase me; I let the positive raise me.
My favorite part is the appearance of nonplussed waitstaff. :D
You can't call the #Occupy people hippies, then complain companies are always cheating you or interest rates are too high- just sayin'
I'm just wrestling with the organisational desire to set out a Twitter policy inc disciplinary guidelines
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE HARD WORKING MOMS GO TAKE CARE OF THEIR BUSINESS
Tonight's Drink Special is made with 100% fruit punch, strawberry puree & Raspberry Stoli over ice for only $6! Zoey will make these w/ luv!
": Top o' the morning yal!" LOL almost daily people make special effort to greet me this way 'cause "I'm Irish" thanks Darby O'Gill!
Thanks to those who are continuing to pledge our Kickstarter project over 100%. You guys are rock stars!
Brands will have to start using the Facebook timeline feed in 30 days. Will be interesting to see what page features translate!
Tired...5:30AM always comes too fast
Congrats! RT taking my talents to Indy, accepted offer to be an Educational Chapter Consultant for
instead, let’s see how many apply for the 250 jobs. Many need those jobs right now. I get your point. I want MORE JOBS here
Cool, thanks. This is going in my MA thesis :P
I hung up my Formal dress... Can't help but think that it all went by so fast & about all the things I didn't do that night... Oh well...
One of the #Titanic artifacts featured in #SanDiego is a jar of cold cream - with cream still inside! Come & find out more....
We got it back.
Worrying does nothing to ease your problems, it just makes them bigger.
Volcanic news from Hawaii's Big Island - The Seattle Times
Ken Dilger was interviewed on local news...mentioned Tony and TCA both.
3 most #commonlies you'll hear: 1. I'm fine 2. I have no more gum 3. You'll use Algebra in real life.
is contents under pressure.
Ya Boy A Good Look But She My Better Half:]
Wait, what?
Staying home along is fun ....until you start hearing weird noises o_O
I think everybody needs a beer at this point!
Ooh, they also tweet/Facebook their daily menu. :)
You are making me want to set up a little WordNet-based bot to generate posts.
thanks enjoy the holidays and i'll see you in 2012.
29 days till
Go Mavericks
I have in fact seen it, i love that film. A truly unique take on the vampire myth.
happy birthday to ! Teaches me everything she doesn't really know about sports.
lol straight up I got 🎶🎶
I like chicks & dudes
my best purchase this summer. LA friends ~ check this out. RT 3 models in LA on SALE. email
Followers; special shout out for NOT being stuck up bitches! Xoxo
I realize errors isn't the tell it all sign but Peterson does have 15 errors at short, tho most came earlier
why?? that's kinda dumb... Don't you think?
Just hit the road headed for Dallas. I know when I get back to MKE everything will be the same but I'll b a different person. Call me
Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha Thank You :D
RT : Today is Send Your Avatar to Work Day so you can go see a movie instead.
Always something to not cope with...
Don't let Life manage your dreams.
no it isn't; I took it with my iPhone. I like cinematography and photography, I can shoot nice pictures.
Thanks! This worked!
Cutting out tonight..no love on replies! Going to enjoy the rest of my "Hump Day"!!! Thinking of not following a few people! Nite!
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience--well, that comes from poor judgment.
I wish I could give the world to you, but love is all I have to give.
Bob(liquorstore clerk): I know what we're not drinking tonight! Absinthe. No more fire extinguishers. Good thing Ansley (landlord) was high.
Our biggest enemy is the way in which we think
Thanks! Should be porting it over to a CMS hopefully in the coming months to set up a blog soon, appreciate the follow.
☼ Knowledge if it does not determine action is dead to us. Plotinus
About to kill this twitter app.....tweets not loading!!!!
PS, I'm live-tweeting from a graduate workshop w/ rhetoric scholar Arabella Lyon til noon.
The Natanz Directive, a Jake Conlan thriller by Mark Graham and Wayne Simmons, to be released 9/12/12. Jake in Coming.
400 Gazan prisoners hadn't be allowed family visits since 2006; one prisoner has been held for a total 8.5 yr w/o charge.
“: Tell Angelo that Sam's carrying that drumstick around like a trophy today.... :-)” it is a trophy!!
Us crazies gotta stick together.
Peyton was also once ushered away from the taco bar in LaFollette
still doing this ap world homework.. not even half way done #fml 😁
yay me! Lol! I am pretty pumped!
Thank you god for another day to live!Now Im about to have a bomb ass day! I just really need to finish this song thoe lol.
Good Morning Sacramento! will be performing live on KQCA 58 this morning to tune in & check her out!
For last 12 mo, I've only used 67-308MB of cell data, but I'm often on WiFi. Unless it's changed, the 2GB is per phone, not shared.
I'm not suppose to b tweetin and driving. But its cool because I got it on voice text. Ha ha ha I'm like extra subzero
I had a dream last night I traded/discussed music with Ben and Jerry Garcia selling Dead merch at an ajj show. Weird.
Stone and Hamilton off the bench!
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.
one of my moms friends brought christmas cookies over.. so excited.
Houston bound for a VS interview! Wish me luck!
wait no there they go :)
in wlmsvl on transit right next to chipotle
nice!!! Keep rockin' it
----> that's fuckedup!! ": If OKC wins by 50 I'll instagram all my old girls naked pics in my phone"
Checking out the jam-packed heliport, given the odds that my next boyfriend is over there.
Corona Familiar
Dear Cardinals fans, shut up about Pujols. You'd do the same damn thing if you were offered more than twice your current salary!
Welcome back, students! Happy New Year and best wishes for an awesome 2012!
Happy Easter to you!
RT : McDonalds to activate 400 social media advocates in UK w/ parties & free gifts in exchange for positive posts....
Lots in the Ballpark neighborhood, if you like a gritty vibe. Many like Highlands. Depends how urban you wanna be.
anything going on with "What's Good" #DEATHSQUAD Podcast?!?
good morning, my dear!! :)
thanks babe RT thanks I'm nf you!
Jake Delhomme? Let's see what this Yates kid has...
Hi I have my own line of scissors for true pros fingerblades.com
Tattoo Jay has arisen from his slumber. Coffee is being introduced into his body. Preparing for todays appointments.
works for me
Crazy watching that one dredger get 97 ounces of gold in one day!
waffle tops!!
Thanks for the mention!
thanks for following:) how are you?
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling. Happy Thanksgiving!
...other thean the fact that it's in Japanese. Lol sorry OTL
zomg so cute! must acquire.
follow back? (:
thanks! “: really appreciate that RT Thanks RT : There are so many good looking white men on NT.”
I can't start the grill because of this rain...I'm hungry shit
I am getting some that start with "hey"-as a general rule just delete those-they are spam but I guess u have figured that out
o try the "couch to 5k" workout, I thin that it is a great program that is painless and helpfull
That was easy!! Haha
Central Park carousel playing Ring of Fire. Excuse me while I fall over laughing.
what part of California?
Finally my avi wants to change!!!
Powder Blue was fantastically done! CONGRATS to all who worked on the film! I have a very special place for Jessica Biel in my heart now! :)
by listening, marketing will re-learn how to talk
We escaped from the psychopath
They're probably winning then. If not then they're not listening to the woman!
I think it's the cutest thing when my dog stretch from waking up.
I agree wholeheartedly with your sentiment... I'd say "Poison & Wine" wins by a hair.
😂 RT Lmao at ppl paying for followers. You go from 1,000 to 8000 in a day. But guess what?! You're still not interesting lol
Today's Head Baseball Coach has got to be an excellent fund-raiser to survive..
alright ill be right over BITCH
I see the thorobread click moving up the charts we on fire !!! blackcaesar
Happy birthday to my other little sis !
yes. lol how was that pita place.
it does?lol I just want a new one 😡 I'm furious, I'm sueing verzion
Ah pooping after a Long as dinner at FridAys on a thirstday night feels so good! With
do you know of any papers that discuss average wait times to get rx filled?
The I fpund a pic of you ór someone posted a bad tumor etc don't work
im sorry haha(:
the tweet you just said about your ex-friends??
thanks Bailey!!
F$%^ that SHIT!
where are you?
he meant arrived at the titanic before it left
My cat won't leave my side... Its her way of thanking me for filling in her mother role. Thank you Milo ♥
8 Essentials of PBL: The Big Delivery....Santa Believes... Do You? Share/enjoy
Pretty cool to see them supporting SS. On an unrelated note, I've already used 50% of my data package for May.
indeed I do :-)
I sat in bed this morning wondering when I was going to wake up. I hate #Fridaythe13th Freddy Krueger haunts my dreams!
Little Arne wants to play guitar for
i like to think so myself (:
Good xD RT : LOL I feel bad for not being on right now
ok sounds good 😄
MIGHT have time for a movie today. The Avengers or Dark Shadows?
“: Make the little things count. Teach midgets math.”baaahahahhaa
No I don't remeber tweeting u nor fighting with you
Its actually pretty outside today!!!!!!!! I really should keep up on my twitter. Otherwise...whats the point?
Herman Cain's 999 plan is a joke. Maybe the worst sales approach and idea I've heard.
Hate over sleeping, it throws my whole day off.
Diecast body and plastic outer parts
speak to me with respect bitch! Lol ;)
Dueling protests happening on Mass Ave right now re: Armenian genocide. Beware if you're driving/bus riding on embassy row.
Thx for the follow>Pls check our eligibility requirements and, if possible, craft your FFT grant proposal. Online app due 1/27
Paired w/ a Snowball? : "I just drank a Muscle Milk from a gas station... if GQ needs a cover model or something, call me."
he comes I think April 3rd . And we are going march 30- April 7
To 720 bus.
Hope you're feeling better! Are you going to be at the decorating party? Hopefully see you soon! xoxo
Google renaming the app market the 'play store' makes no sense. So much more they for business, productivity, etc.
oh my God is this THE Michael Antonio Romeo
Rissa G. Its about time that I found me a freak :-)
My ex? Yea I'd still hit that... with my car.
im glad my bestie is home. if you werent here with me, i wouldve expierenced that alone... oh dear god...
Just bought Kindle version on US Amazon now can't wait for some quiet time to read your book:-) Congrats.
Thanks for the input. Have you also used the logos/ethos/pathos/kairos terms with them?
To the gym it's been a while
So sad!:,( I<3 Joshua. American Idol isn't the same now:'(
OMG is funny in every country! Is this your name sir MFC?!?!? Makes me feel at home.
love my photo of me and my baby hehe <3
But now the whole world knows! RT : just slammed my phone into my face. no one saw
that is very impressive!
HEY so u met the boyz last night! how waz?
Nice! That means you've clearly hired some people with awesome taste :)
Trying to spell "maintenance" correctly makes me feel stupid. That is all.
You'd better hurry 'cause they're goin' fast . . . RT “: We are down to the last 100 tickets.”
I keep telling myself "This is my last time," but it just keeps happening.
I don't there's a better combo out there
flying across the middle, again ... well sort of, headed to Phoenix
Hearing from the state Gambling Control office that Palomar Card Club's fate likely won't be decided until the fall.
RT if you think we can do this.
She is.
congrats to Julie Thisdale, Kevin Forr, and Andrea Powell, all winners this AM and part of our family here at Generations 1023 and 94 one.
I never want to get out of this
That sucks girl : / what classes you got?
lol..damn right..it's ridiculous even when you're up against their ass they still stay in the same lane..Ughh frustrating! XD
Hahaha, where was that being sold?
The Sickest Clothing and nothing less!!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com
are you like a music producer
hope u get it sexi
#ThingsMyBrotherSays: "Watching this high school girls' basketball game makes it feel as if I'm watching it underwater."
The ALC staff wishes you a very happy and blessed holiday season.
It's going to be a good day
Ace hood starvation is raw af!
Everyone gets sleepy on studio days.
I&#39;ve been tagged!!! - Online beauty time
Does your business card have a QR Code on it? If so, that would be a cool ice breaker.
hm definitely weird
When Girls have pictures of themselves on their binder<<<<<< Like okay relax.
lol yes! You get me now!?
Hamlet is the worst essay I've ever had to write
2012 seems like an North Versus South kind of year.
One of my favorite moments: Timo Hildebrand in a Schalke kit. Be interesting to see how the keeper situation works out.
Major backups on I94. Hwy 100 is your alternate route. State Patrol says a person walked into traffic and was hit.
I don't think a auto-operator has EVER answered my questions or solved my problems when I call any customer service hot line
Thx Dave for ur comment! I attended PSU 1980-1984 and this whole thing makes me sick. :'(
Thanks for the heads-up!
Lebron deserves a ring ..team works hard ,they been so close to it...i want OKC to win but Heat deserves it...Bulls will win soon enough ^_^
Other person: The fact that you, too, undergo completely universal experiences is not as a general matter interesting.
yes it would be!!! Maybe we set our sights on #140NYC and have the ultimate meetup in Bryant Park over a Chipwhich
We've had a great time at the Wildenhain #ceramics exhibit preview today. Thanks for stopping by! See you Aug. 20 @
no TGIs Egypt again... I'd have you running to hide in the toilet for looking at my boyfy...
Hey looking forward to talking intersection and convergence...
okay when you get home ustream vinny!(:
Thank Ya!! :D
ah, are you in the ER?
Well played, sir. Well played.
"For some individuals the need to organize is much stronger than with others." pg1,chap1 "The Organization of Information"
of course! You get 5 million cool points!
Taking my lunchtime walk Wow! It's a gorgeous day in Indianapolis.
your narrator pronounced Tom Glavine, "Gla-vine." ha. Other than that, he's pretty good.
We talking about the Hottest store in the D?
Oh, sweet. I'm totally not sleep deprived as it is. Thanks for taking that pesky hour out of my way, daylight savings time.
Thanks Ill let you know! CIG Is killer. We're still working that out but I'm pumped. It seems like a great fit.
What a Sunday...
Rats RT : Ew RT : So the white castle on 149th was closed down due to unknown factors ugh! Wtf!
Why must my gf be so fashionable?
In the past week I've tried to use "joyeggerichs" for 2 separate account name & it was already taken. I'm getting scared. Who are you!?
love the picture. Classic!
Need help with your fun raiser? Call us...
I can't wait! Hurry August.
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOO! i thought i was a dumbass
I just found a penny with a pube on it. Threw out the pube, kept the penny.
Just helped my roomie with the war torn area called her room.
Koelsch of says she can observe generational differences in the stories. Older vets do NOT want to be considered feminists
As though you're such a joy to be around, the phone just rings off the hook.
what up can I be in teamtunechi too lol
testing twitter and facebook
Just got to Vegas, I'm smoking a cigar at Don Vicente's, I'll be at Tao tonight!!
August calendar is more packed than the rest of the year put together. Crazy. CRAZY! Hope it makes the month fly by.
I made a grammatical error in a tweet. Here, hold by drink while I go jump off the Internet.
Umm ... is the person who commented on your blog serious?
Obama is asking for 450 billion dollars for jobs plan for another failure. America, we have to wake up
Thanks Cindy, that means a lot. Looking forward to your workshop next month and congrats on your Bootleg gig!
rare twitter appearance. it feels almost monumental.
Get here by 6:15pm. Tweet me when you're here!! I'll DM you some info, too
Healthy and tasty lunch sandwich: rye bread, avocado, smoked salmon and tomato. Rich in omega-3 fats, protein and fiber.
You should add our San Diego Dishcrawl event to your list!
haha, I hope he avoids getting sent down. A real possibility
whatever happened to the proposal to do away with DST entirely? Just moving the date doesn't help any.
Thank you for the RT... and I don't take success too seriously ;-) Abz!
Fascinating tweets coming out of b.a.n.g lab () from #dronesathome conference
It's Pick a Present time!! woo-hoo & good luck! -Kristin Burns
you got sum nice kullah...yea...good kullah
Now, are they serving alcohol at the track during this, the 6:00am hour?
Packing packing and more packing only 3 weeks to go till I'll be back in the States :-)!!!!!!
OMG you're watching it?! :P isn't it good?!?!
Statistics state that the most productive day of the workweek is Tuesday! We hope you have a GREAT day #Denver!
Happy friday !! And later today, Critial Mass Miami
Really interesting...talking about creating a global Digital Engagement broker tool of sort to link together
- when you coming to hit some jumpers at G Road. You know its your house - #Bulldog4Life. Also I thought of u today
Tommy Boy
still can't believe i met the ICONic Boyz yesterday...omg. it was the best day everr(:
Was it silly of me to hand wash my car today, even though its schedule to rain later this week?
Thanks goodness for the internet. Lets go nuggets!!!
Also, happy mothers day to and because they're such great mothers! :)
Just about anywhere that sells scrapbooking supplies. I was just looking at some today at
I miss harry potter so much i keep crying
That hurts.
5 habits of women with gorgeous shiny hair
Definitely leave it in!
I got swag
yeah, you could do both but being jealous and full of envy is never the way to be. It's hard to avoid and it's your choice.
Trying to make this vitamin water last all day is gonna be hard
In the lab like always
thanks taylor!😊
All these old ladies obsess over Dr. Oz. So funny.
Everything cool, how have you been? Yo we gotta get together.
I just be talking the majority of the time. Don't pay me no mind..
When I was growing up we didn't have Twitter, we just had bumper stickers
Retweet if you check my twitter once a day (just curious) xx
They're making us use a PC. So. Lost.
have it at the Coeur d'Alene resort. Then and I can come :)
my black sandals that I left at your house the other day remember? and your black cardigan?
When you show love, it returns the favor. What you choose to do reflects like a mirror!
Go Big Blue!
She's actually very tall, Josh. It's one of her super hero traits that she masks in daily life.
miss you too. when are you coming to nashvegas?
tropic thunder
I need to have another gathering lol I like seeing ppl drunk cuz it don't be me drunk cuz I never drink lol
Next, a hierarchy of anxiety-evoking stimuli or situations is composed and the woman is trained to imagine the situations while...
Phones charged now back to the action.
hahaha.. oh sorry, you are definitely the youngest... lol
-_- not a good goat chaser
The first thing that I woke up with on my mind was "hspa scores" ..
of course you did!
is so easy. Put a request for 2 guys with a truck to move my apartment for $300 & received 4 legit offerings in 24hrs!
I'd stab you through the heart, if I thought you had one.
A sign in Senser case? RT: They brought us chairs as we sit and wait, wait, wait for a verdict. My back is happy.
RT : Hamels had successful surgeries today on elbow and hernia. Expects to resume throwing in 3-4 weeks.
- thanks for a great rate, $239 (same as last year) for #FLBS. Early bird upgrade!
RT : BR is looking to hire someone with 3-5 yrs of agency account management experience to work on one of our newest accounts.
My road ain't yo road, but trust I know just where I'm going! My flow ain't yo flow but I know just how I'm flowing!
In the last 6 days I booked 5 different bands to paying gigs, I create work. ;) I dont just be on twitter all day..F.A.M.E.INC
Snow day Jan. 18!
RT RT : Happy Columbus Day! I'm celebrating by walking into a strangers' house and telling them I own it now.
rst initial D have the shortest life expectancy.
The real tragedy of The Titanic is, the movie.
If you have been directly or indirectly affected by drug addiction you should be supporting Chris Herrons "Project Purple"= thats everyone!!
Settling in for #AmazingRace. Paraguay? I wanted them to go to Uruguay! (Loved it there, but not as much as I loved Argentina.)
Good Lord-is there any way to keep these spammers out of my interactions/mentions feed??
They could get in a good snowball fight too. The snow on the ground is great for that!
I miss Lauryn Hill.
“ If someone is interested they will show it. The girl shouldn't have to. #OldFashionedOpinion”
Metta World's Piece of Shit
Nice to chat with you, and thanks for the brew! Good luck with the boat discernment process. Let me know if I can be helpful.
OH: You got beer all over the stroller!
Secret, secret, I gotta secret
UK research suggests that Red Clover may protect women advised to stop HRT from the risk of osteoporosis.
The best day is a day off from work.
He would definitely be good on Twitter.
absolutely. the money is worthless, if the time you spend making it is overwhelmingly stressful.
Thats not my twitter name..... And why ??(:
is unsettled and out-of-sorts today
Ah, to be in some calm, sun-lit reading room at a public library in Fort Worth.
Happy Thanksgiving Small Business Owners! No matter the shape, size or challenges of your business, be thankful today that you have it.
I wish :(...not getting our appartment until the end of July!
what game?
I like it when he puts is right in the koozie. #that'sthespot
I have a feeling and I will be fighting for the mayorship all through
Miracles happen when I order a Diet Pepsi at the drive thru and actually GET a Diet Pepsi and not Regular Pepsi. No miracle today.
May I ask what the point is?
so far, it's been a productive writing day since it's too damp and chilly outside to want to play...
Happy birthday enjoy ur day
I don't wanna fall asleep I just wanna be with him
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Orlando! When they come through drop in say WASSSUUPP!
Great ideas come w/ haste. And once they're in writing the publish button seems to blink: now, now, now. I.e. typo, schmypo
Peace is our gift to each other. ~ Elie Wiesel
Incredible how a Santorum presidency is basically a guaranteed war with Iran
Fuck this shit I'm going to sleep I am not doing this stupid handout.
You're welcome. <3
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving. ~Albert Einstein
I do Gavin Degraw, Jason Mraz and Michael Buble too, may do one of those, gotta sleep on it
I just got a handwritten letter in the mail from
Approximately 15 hours of sleep in the past three days. Lots of Search-and-Rescue work. Need sleepytime.
has wonderful and valuable information for actors who want serious and long lasting careers.
Uecker was such a tease with that call.
Well... Great night with my pledge bros!
TSOI-NY went to Webster Hall to see of heart and it was sold out! No dice 4 me.
you say you can't have kids but you hate people like who want people like yourself to be a mom.
It's been a long, trying couple of weeks, but things should settle down a bit now, need to refocus and execute the fundamentals
#Buckeyes need to lean how to catch a punt
It very well may be that 98.1 WKZE out of Red Hook would entice me to move to Salisbury, CT. Would love to hear it driving everyday.
yeah but they're so famous.
Time always reveals who is about their piece of "real estate" and who is about the Kingdom of God. Be patient and led by the Holy Spirit.
omg crying bless
THANKS its appreciated
#WeLoveWATIC so much. Sweetest band ever.<3
Another unique and rare opportunity offered by SEWIFMA. Join us for the Aurora Summit Hospital Program and Tour on January 10th. RSVP today!
No, #SokkaIsARavenclaw. What makes me think you've been debating this with ?
Listening to ATLiens high.. and I can believe the hype now. Definitely.
what sucks is I never got his autograph and he's the one I want the most! :)
I wanna go to the moves. To have sex there.
just laying in bed, u?
one of the best books ever. almost used it for my senior quote...then chose Calvin and Hobbes
Back in New York!!! Back home, been away too long
Happy Friday, everyone. I hope all you Oakies enjoy your weekends!
sad story.
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent.
When people are stupid enough to talk about you to one of your best friends
Present Idea: As Lame As It May Sound, The Louis Vuitton City Guide Seems Like A Great Present To Me
good job, and sleep well
"King", show them' what time it is down in H-Town...represent for your people!!!#pride/respect
Let's do it! RT : As your guest said, we got rid of smallpox! Why not?
We had an instant connection
THe bEAUtiful SImmonS I love HIM
NEW ORLEANS CRAZY RIP JOSH
Buffet Sideboards: Marion Server in Black
thanks girl :) and kks in sed you a picture but you def will be judging us #classyhoes lol
haha, right?! Girl, we've got an app for that. Don't you worry
Amen. But what on earth created a Daisy Duck/Minnie Mouse line of thinking?
once red cafe drops that 3hunna freestyle he gonna be buzzing.
no problem kiddo :) I am always here for you even in Louisiana :)
Can't go wrong with Sunny D and an Egg Mcmuffin in the morning.
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME I NEED TO KNOW WHO LIVES
watchaa doing l
Why are kids obese? Maybe because Burgers are $.99, & Salads are $4.99
follow me <3
Open mic question: what's an example of a bad user experience with technology?
look up mayday parade - three cheers for five years acoustic
I feel like my whole week and weekend consisted of stress, stress, and Steven.
God put them here for us to enjoy them. Even in a shit mood boobies make me feel better.
RT When writing the story of your life, don't let anyone else hold the pen.
@ "gats"? i swear, i haven't been drinking ;-)
so excited to see you! (:
Thanks! RT great job on Easy to forget how far you've come. Keep up the good work.
what if I buy the tickets?!
I just woke up from a bad/sad dream my alarm was going off and there was some weird ass brown bug in my bed I'm shitty...
I'm really tired of being the last person in the office.
Why do u like messing with my head :\
Oh my gosh. Just ask me out already.. :(
damn I thought I unblocked that shit
Hello, hello, hello. :P
Thanks glad you're digging it!
the coolest girl ever. :)
Susan N. Dreyfus, WA Dept of Soc. & Hlth. Svcs Sec., joins Families Int'l, Inc. as pres. & CEO on 1/2/12 replacing the late Peter Goldberg.
11:30 = cindyboo's bedtime :) ...... Oh what do you know, look what time it is ;D goodnight <3
Suns out, guns out.
that wasn't the only thing I wrote... I also called him an asshole...and a jerk I think lol
RT : Everything you read online and see on TV isn't true. If it can be edited, it probably is.
My April 19th order from hasn't even been shipped despite being told on the 4th that it would ship w/i 24 hours. Bogus.
Those people with no jackets and short sleeved shirts must be COOLLDDD!
GIVE EM MOTIVATION EVEN WHEN I KNOW DEY HATING
We are full of Easter ham and all the goodies! Hope your was a good one too!
I don't understand how my CD is supposed to get here by Tuesday when it hasn't even shipped yet! WTF Amazon!?
Burnd my arm on the fuckn iron
care to share a link?
Stupid people amaze me daily. RT : Who walks over an operational train's coupling as a shortcut???
I can't eat tea cake at all any more because of The Importance of Being Earnest!
you blew up my phone
What are the Lakera trying to do offensively ?
Apparently food news is in short supply on food-loving holidays... How was everyone's Thanksgiving? Any unique eats this year?
That's So Sweet. I'll Defintely Help Trend #ConstancioSwag For
Also, I'm going to start calling more people bums.
hey! you are cool lets BFF
I know if people knew , really knew Jesus, they would love Him so much because He is so good.
You and I, you and I are together!
Got a broken windshield? Get 3 instant quotes for auto glass replacement. Fast, Free, Easy with mobile service from local shops.
good to see you today! stay dry!
hahahaha oh no!! Bad Cowboy!! He could have had the decency to eat your sweats or something less important!
Bro u just mad yo team down by 30 lol guaranteed sweep put yo money up
How have I never heard of the Green Diamond Gallery? One-day trip to Chicago sounds like a blast.
"Only as high as I reach can I grow, only as far as I seek can I go, only as deep as I look can I see, only as much as I dream can I be.”
SO. DIFFICULT.
Folks in Hampden and Remington are worried and angry about proposed Wal-Mart on 25th st. What is your position?
you tweet, and then I tweet you. Then you dont tweet anymore. Lol what?
Bathroom Politics as a potential show title: Disaster or sure-fire hit?!
omg my feelings is soo hurt lol
ours is tonight too!!
Ugh I hate ignorant, stupid, dumb ass people.
I have a feeling I'm going to become a inatagram whore. Follow me!- DANMARCELLA
If you tell me you are going to do something, do it! It's simple.
When girls on Facebook fish for compliments and talk about being in love...
I worked at a gun range when I was 14
i put this squarely on your shoulders... if they lose that is. :-)
Haven't heard that song in forever. Hope your movie is good.
Amen! TY for the #sunstandstill tweet. ^staff RT : You do the natural. Trust God for the super.
Thanks Ladybug. I enjoyed it.
I'm currently listening to Take Care (feat. Rihanna) by Drake on my iPod touch.
Downtown going to be nasty next week glad there's no class
#padcampli do we really need textbooks? how about curating resources from online
Yes, they do. LOL
Happy Easter for all everyone!
Have a productive day everyone! :)
is it bruised and really swollen? Mine had that but weren't TOTALLY unbearably painful. If it stays bad - Xray. ICE for now.
Whatever haha you wouldn't love me if I was normal.
There's a Malibu at Holly with my name on it! 🚗👍✌😃
The chill Sunday's are the best ^.^
Meisel: calls on us to claim sacred practice of hospitality that defines us as Presbyterians.
Just this one thing.
Oh Robert's voice is so sexy, he has to use a condom while speaking, otherwise he'd knock us up. (;
I have seen a strangely large number of Metallica t-shirts in the past few days.
very nice gathering of intellectuals
Lol! U at work?
I know a lot of successful people who chose not to "pull their pants up"...
Thanks for the Retweet. I pray your week is blessed with God's presence.
stepbrothers... Get with the program
when we meet in 2006 she was only a baseball fan. I accept her as a Pens/Steelers fan. She got decals for her car on her own
YAY doesnt either. I say we have an amazing twitter party & all the people who have school arent invited? ok? hah
Cannot wait to get a manicure after work.
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
I am thankful for being able to help and touch the lives of countless numbers of others ~
I'm starting to think the boy thinks all DJs' primary function is to hang out in a make-believe land after they're done spinning.
Thanks for including me on the sacbiztweets Daily! Cheers. ; )
Next time I'm there i need to free climb the Galata Tower and parachute off the top into the Bosphorus. Ezio has all the fun.
LinkedIn Trainer (LinkedInTrainer) thanks for the follow.
"Sexy doesn't have to be a tan blonde girl showing off her goodies." - Hayley Williams (SPIN 7/10)
Wish or will?will or wish?.
Is there something wrong with a man speaking differently to a woman than he would to a man? Absolutely not.
My brown glasses are gone. Time to replace them with 5 more pairs.
its not bad
Ha ha Will you are Oprah!
yes you would love the deals on Clearwater Beach right now. You can get a studio condo for $150,000. Now that's a deal!
Bar on the ave says "Closed for a long vacation"... I don't get it.
:)! hope U'r having a great day :) just tweeted to make it happen!!! #iwantMandyback :)
omg I just asked #oomf the most awkwardest question of my life..
Why did I read n+1's attempted takedown of Pitchfork? What was I expecting?
Everyone follow :) she has amazing tweets about Justin and Austin!:) RT if you did!!!! She can get u followers!!!!
gonna miss you, felt like I knew ya! :(
Nyquil shooter bfor beddy, makes me fuzzy, tmmrw morn will b here too soon!
EBSCO databases are down at the #USF #Library. We hope they will be back up soon.
Tonight's $5 Happy Hour Cocktail is the Bee’s Knees - Gin, honey, lemon juice. Come on in and try it!
I like to thank everyone for following RIFT. Join us watching it in theaters April 29. Trust me you wont be disappointed! It's crazy intense
I agree but I love them all. Cody = sexier, Maxx = cuter :P they have their own categories to me :)
is that a problem???
ALways looking for the next gadget Photos from The Legend of Zelda 25th Anniversary Symphony Concert in Los Angeles on Oct. 21, 2011. --(
Congrats! RT : Great night! won the Spirit of Service award! $10,000 from Deloitte!
#Conservative blogger Andrew Breitbart dead at 43. Left behind wife, 4 kids. Be #fearless & #passionate, but don't take health for granted!
Hey Carson! Awesome print background image!
Just remembered today is Wing Tuesday! :)
Not playin no mo
“: tell that you dot catch a monster every time you go fishing.” I do.
Cincy going to a zone early in 2nd half completely allowed horns to get back in it.
I'm sorry but that is the funniest damn thing I've heard of in a long time! I can relate...I have my own iphone stories...
words can't explain how much i wanna go shopping
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 14
I'm dvr'ing for now. But I can't wait to watch. I love #HartOfDixie. It's my favorite feel good show. Team Zwade! LOL.
Lets Do It Lol Im Down With You!!
Happy Monday everyone! #BeckettBowl tonight! We're so excited for it!
Finally hunkering down to START working on my taxes today. Will try to be FINISHED by Monday.
I need some fun in my life
Me neither : ) RT : nah, was not up to it
i talk with a lisp when i wear this thing in my mouth. lolol~ it sounds funny. Im gonna go make fun of myself...
why would u post that on twitter lol u couldn't have texted me? Haha and okay I will!
Now that your rose is in bloom, a light hits the gloom on the gray. I've been kissed by a rose on the gray. I've been kissed by a rose
#FOLLOWERS CHECK OUT THE REAL D$MONEY NO COUNTERFEIT MIXTAPE ON
who's the backup Q.B.?
Am I getting used to the cold? 27 f and I don't need hat and gloves here in Park City, Utah
I'm pretty good. Just relaxing in my comfy bed. Livin' the good life :D
Just received my "Home Taxidermy" correspondence course materials in the mail. The dog's looking at me funny. She's clearly over-performing.
Without Ronaldo Man U sucks.
Bahahaha!!! Ah. Memories =)
RT : Traditions must be broken and methods must be changed to embrace the next level!
*New Obsession
One day you’re gonna remember me and how much I loved you… then you’re gonna hate yourself for letting me go.
thanks :) it's very nostalgic
I can't wait for to come today!!!!!!! And every day this week!
But the Hail Typos would be pointless. The Alphabet God is dead. He drowned. In soup.
Apparently, today is the Revenge of the Fifth.
not having a final until Wed... great now, horrible on Friday
RT : Rooftop dining and midday margs? Yes, please! (@ Iron Cactus w/ 3 others)
« the way you make me feel.. its just unexplainable.»
yeah, well wait til you see tomorrow's 'hidden' video
True Love Never Dies, It Only Gets Stronger With Time.<3
oh, because jars open themselves, right?
good luck finding an elevator that fits 30 people!
P.S. I was upset! Thx 2 my arthritis, I mistakenly rec'd my AARP card only weeks before :)
Sitting in on a gayla graves band practice with sounds great!
Have fun!
Haven't seen "Volcano Pants" in forever! I love Samurai Davis Jr and Dim Sum's #supermegahappyfuntimeimprovshow !!
Finally made it back home!
MT : Tonight's lesson: although the moon seems larger, it's the same size as always. Please take this experience into daily life
It would be so cool to hold a joint social event there with #smbmad and peeps who like burgers. Can we make a Capital Burger?
Looks like I may be on my way to Europe for a three year tour at SNK, Bratislava, Sk. Likely to be the largest digital archiving project...
Not in this class. These are grown up peoples...
What is the point of Gary Cahill again?
Watching American Idol...it's amazing how much talent is left undiscovered! Life Success helps people discover their talent...empowerment!
Yeh reading eco_thoughts book, thinking "Dasein" and hyphenated-multi-word packages about thought-in-time (see?)
haha I shouldnt have kicked you in the head in grade school.
you too!
Stagecoach 2012: Brad Paisley talks Tupac image, new album - Los Angeles Times
Not being able to taste anything cause you're sick<<<<<
RT: : I tweeted that I wished had delivery and what happens? They are at our front door! I love !!! >>Wow!
reeeeeallll freaky naughty
I think my world just ended. ):
Starting a new job on Monday...feels like the weekend before the first day of school! Excited, nervous, and ready all at the same time!
yes, my handsome baby brother
also, unfortunately I sat down on a repurposed wheel cart and thought NYC was having another earthquake...: (
So when your lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher, cause I still #TurnToYou <3
True, true.
Are there any strings attached to the Time Warner Road Runner triple play Internet for 89.99? Calling now...fingers crossed.
lmao. Brutha trynna get some chicken and waffles. We gotta hit the beach out there
Obama To Super Committee: Get It Done, But I'm Outta Here via
:O I've played through it like 4 times already. Wish it worked for you It's extremely fun
chillen while she burn the Fire hits on cds for me! She's the greatest ... So whats popping TweetHearts??? Kisses Muah...
Could watching an Oregon Vs Baylor game be possible for your eyes
If you haven't see what Zagro Mosaic is offering, you're missing out. WOW, WOW, and may we say WOW!!!
#SuperACAC karaoke night w/ !! #badromance is about to bring the house down
Tell the guys that I am your friends and that we play togheter..We do great show for ATL
Its not too late to have a great night!
I just think that teaching & human beings are more important than a lot of other things. what is the purpose of college now?
TRAFFIC: Bridge Remains Closed - Seminole Hwy over the beltline - finishing up construction work from overnight - ETA: 7am
Check out Die as you fall!!!
love the way he "stutters" that
Boom! In and out. Called got it to go in 15 min. Who's your daddy? Or rather who's your Edamame? (@ Boom Noodle - Bellevue)
thank God your ok. One more win to super bowl🏈!! Good luck in San Fran. Make us proud🏈
hanging out with melanie, marissa, & vanessa(:
If it snows again, I'm coming after you. Lol.
Bro gets to geeked when Jeezy comes on lol
you missed out on Nirvana, Pearl Jam, Soungarden, Alice in Chains. Don't miss Alabama Shakes. Really Journey,Rush, 80's sucked
Ohh read our special swine fever report and we promise not to sell you anything
All my gal-pals who also liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a picture
#Red Sox to toast Fenway's 100th by raising pint glasses and a drumstick.// we love that dirty water.
Eminem and lil Wayne - marshall Carter mixtape is pure fire
No1 Heckles anymore
Whoever wins the Pacers/Heat series will win the NBA Finals!
Lacking in Monday Morning motivation today...spin pick-me-up at noon to kick start a little productivity
Ask Sutter if he'll continue to keep the team in a hotel during home games.
When you fell right on my thigh and tell me that your melting everythings not fine when your right here by my side
you in jersey or no
I violently disagree re convo w marketing- that's your world's glowing achievement.
i like my music real LOUD real LOUD ( :
we love for lunch in the area!
Don’t Miss out! Dell's Inspiron duo will be launching soon, be the first to know!
Good enough. Have a great time!
Hey , flying yet again & only with !
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
You dont have to fit in because you were unique from birth. God only designed one of you!
Mashed potatoes and chicken nuggets = happy me!
Mother #Self-care is non-negotiable! Join the #1MillionMovement for moms today!
Trivia is no game
There's been a load of compromisin' on the road to my horizon...
ready fo the first pre season game of the year
WHO TO FOLLOW: SUPER TWEEPS!
Only one person in STUGO for the freshmen class? I'm disappointed...
i miss you text me wen u can<3
finger rolls and egg rolls
"A fly in the ointment isn't nearly as disastrous as a spider in the lube."
Tmrrw UND Fighting Sioux take the ice in 1st round NCAA tourney. They will not be wearing their the Sioux logo. Hear from fans later tnite.
Is the final 20 minutes of hockey for the ? 3rd period is NEXT!
I like you.
Interviews w/ , , , & are going up this week! Keep checking back for details!
Drinking a glass of cheap a$$ Icehouse beer that my father bought while at work... don't worry I own it so I can do that!!!
Shadyside House tour today.
lmaooo! That sounds like something I would've done, hahaha
RT : Word RT Check out live tweeting #Bisnow event on digital advocacy RIGHT NOW.
Steaks on the grill and rice on the stove with heat in the air and the sun still a-shining! life is good!
lol you abandoned me i thought u got married or something wassup
New asphalt on 8th makes driving to work a joy. Whee, silky smooth!
Omega3s are so effective in a study 60% of neck&back-pain patients taking fish-oil supplements were able to stop using NSAID pain relievers
I'm going to corner you in an elevator to give you some DISCIPLES stickers
continuing to pack for Los Angeles. Zeppelin's "Going to California" is the theme song for the next week!
digital technologies will be able to help this medium reach the consumers better.
Inhale the kushhh, then I blow out.
its not over with yet the best part might be coming up lol i said might
#three-0 let's go eh
Cleaning + Shakira = DANCING (burning fat) lol
There's a lot more to everything than any of you know.
My favorite part of the evening news is when Brian Williams features people making a difference. Always an inspiration!
The pre-acquisition Adobe AIR based TweetDeck. And yes, I realize how absurd that must sound.
Wax on wax off
whoa. let's go.
Have you guys listened to #WatchMe by
thank u! I've been saying that same thing.
Back in the game! Nice, Matt
burque is always nice and chile... :) RT Beautiful day today. Nice and chilly.
I have been trying to change my Twitcon for almost an hour. WTF. I am about to give up - leaving the pic the way it is. UGH!
They say the easiest man to con is a con man..depends on how much dough you stack in front of him...worked with plenty of them in my time..
Who remembers playing spoon or sporks
Today & tommorw we will be annoucing the winners of tickets to Wed. Vertical Fashion Show at Revere...Last Chance to enter coming up!
The way today is going, its highlight is probably going to be Top Chef.
OH: all of our Internet comes from canada
WHYS CANT I FOLLOW PEOPLE BAK!! It says i reached my limit :( when is it lifted/?
interesting. okay.
that's what fucking happens when you can't knock down free throws and let a team stay in the game. damn just keep outing pts on the board!!
May you all enjoy this day of commemoration and remembrance. How will you celebrate this Easter weekend?
ROUTE 44 OUNCE
S/O to for being awesome!! I may not know her but she seems like a great contestant to cheer for in the competitions!!
Who wants a shoutout!
Today in 1941, the Jews of Lesko, Poland, were transported to Zaslaw, Poland, and executed
ohh sorry i meant to say hi to youu
Take me out to the ballgame take me out to the bar!! Get me sum peanuts and pabst 6packs then I want sum of Mcsorleys Black...tbc
"Mr. President, remember when the country rallied around you in the hopes of a better tomorrow? That was hilarious..." -Jimmy Kimmel
you're the prettiest girl I know.
Please tweeps check your grammar when emailing. Looks bad when you are trying to influence many. It's all in the details.
How I finish my presentations: so, um...yea..
And I feel the same way. You just have no idea.
"Reading is no substitute for action." Colleen Wainwright
My body is its own alarm clock, but it got unplugged this morning.
oh wow, it didn't take that long for me :)
Great meetup w/ at #angeloregon on #pdxtech I'm all in! Good luck today. CC: ^me
I mean, that right there shows to me that it isn't correct..
Get some bedard!!!
There was that one game i got hit with a bat from Eric Byrnes :/ Still going to take my 11yo Season ticket holder 6 yrs
Lesson learned from a community program for refugees: don't separate by age groups, there's more dialogue when mixed.
So many scores for #CMAConference... get ready! Also, we may or may not be providing hand-pulled Aeropress coffee, care of yours truly : )
out bossing around like a total boss
is on the right track gurl
Its 4/20...I Feel Like Im Supposed To Be Doing Something...I Just Can't Remember What....
my shopping list includes: pocket squares and a tie bar for sure!
I mean they might have well have given them gift cert to Carmax
YES!! Who's in?? And what's the reward once we get there?? ;-)
I just want to stop worring about everything
#whyilovecanada Hockey, enough said.
I really only like to wear straight hair with short nails.
RT @ Have you had 's Double IPA? It's 9.5% ABV! Cascade hops used to create citrus flavor you're sure to love!
this conversation just ended
Yes, sappy, i know lol
Haha thank you :)
will do!
Hate goin to the doctor
Can I join your guild? I will reroll a Vanguard on Ajunta Pall.
love how you never talk to me anymore 😓😓😓
I'm good wassup with you
Great shot dood. Good to see you at refresh. Peas ot.
she called me she also called my friend
i got it-can't wait to wear! and also got a blue tank to wear under, you can kinda see it in the pic :) cc:
The human belly button is like a turkey timer. When it pops out you are done.
that's awesome!! Keep up the great work!
#TMZ your disreguard for MJ's kids and mine make me want to sue you for irresponsibility The picture should have had a link. IRRESPONSIBLE
Colton on American Idol - great song choice. So simple yet so captivating. Fantastic! Best this week hands down.
Still wondering-if Starbucks were around in Shakespeare's day-would he have gone there to write?
Gonna be tonight with & If you're in the 805 tonight be sure to stop by! Drink specials all night!
I'm looking forward to this year's #NFLDraft!
This weekend, I'm gonna take a picture of all ze TRS merch I own. More t-shirts than anything else though. Get stoked.
Philanthropy needs functioning democracy to do it's work
Not quit per say, but kick the daily habit ;) Trying to lose the caff addiction!
i know he will play it low key, but a top AAU coach who seems to have friends nation wide has to be on top of uh list M.L
I wish I had... It was very disconcerting to say the least!
This week needs to go by quickly. I want it to be Friday already!
I believe we had a solo flex!
Head spinning with thoughts about that one girl 4-3-12(:
i love Canada
Yes! That movie was the best thing I saw in a museum all year.
Animal House Tuesdays☞ $3 THREE OLIVES ALL NIGHT W/ STUDENT ID CARD☞ $4 WELLS & CALLS/ $3 BEERS☞ 1AM POWERHOUR SINGLES BECOME DOUBLES TIL...
#GIANTSCHAT Hi Anita and Paul Do you think TC will cure Wilson's fumble problem like the Tiki experiment?
no problem!!! Love you too!!
You gotta promo me too :) I need more followers
Abraham Lincoln vampire hunter.... wonder how he missed killing #nicholascage back in the day?
No need to apologize. Love you all the same. Get yourself healthy, and try to make the most of your time away
you are not steph! Cute pic bud
How do you march in a parade BEFORE you were born?This guy is god!
'I would implore my colleagues to stop playing games'
The devastating moment when he tells you the girl he likes.. And it's not you.
All girls mainly take pictures that way. It's cute. Some may not look right to just you.
You don't know what a big dick look like?
d-h-n.de » Blog Archive » Setup DNS for SCAN used in Oracle RAC ...
Left that out to lol my bad
lol I'm sorry I'm just seeing this but we're both fine! Thanx for asking! How are u? And I wish u luck in the army!
#orwant "This is a supplement not a subsitute for print" Yes!
Catching up with old friends and making lots of new ones
I think if I become a regular food network show judge where I get to eat all the time, I'd be happy.
Hey Hannah thanks for following me :) When you have a sec later check out my music..I'm sure you'll enjoy it :)
It's madness at the ATT center.. go spurs..
Prosecutor grabs door #Huguely kicked in and said this wasn't about having a quiet chat.
Omg ! Guess who I saw today after school -__-
try being a gay guy, it's SO weird. They are so mean too. Lol
Yes! 2nd Sun is also our new Latino Arts and Culture Family Day! RT : are you all still doing 2nd Sunday brunch?
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard.....
its okay dude haha. You just gotta chill with us again sometime!
Hey, I actually grow the whole thing out, but it's just more pronounced above my lip so everyone thinks I'm trying to Ron Swanson.
Congratulations to 2011 Scripps National Spelling Bee Winner Sukanya Roy! You're an inspiration to all!
you rock...thanks and looking forward...
WOW, that was so familiar it brought tears to my eyes. My daughters are 11 now and “Our life is good. Really. It is.”
I disagree. Madison WI public schools are great. Milwaukee public schools aren't. It has to do w/ socioeconomics.
Elbo Room Tonight 9-12 Acoustic set, gonna try some new tunes out... Come on out.
When Romney ate grits, the waitress asked him how he liked his eggs. He said sunny side up, scrambled, over easy, boiled and poached.
it's the weekend! AND it's SUMMER?? hope you're all having fun and drinking plenty of alcohol! it's good for you ;D
they pick me up
Enjoying another beautiful day working the home-based business!
Last time I checked I did not have a cotton tail so that makes me a Confirmed MeatAtarian -- All Meats is the way to go!!
hope everyone had a great weekend!! We sure did! We did a party this weekend that was 60's themed! alot of work, but it turned out great!
/// So whats the word with Bosh?
Hanging out with #likeaboss :)
Going to a callback today... Hoping to break something.
That weird moment when you look at somebody & you dont Know you was and they "uh" & you Like "what nigga" haha
I slept like a baby 👍😜
HELL TO PAY: snappish John Taylor, Nightside's infamous PI, investigating an immortal's kidnapping - light reading. great series
Not even friend you pass my test :-)
Me & aren't friends anymore.
Are you going to be in MN when I'm there, from the 6th-12th of Jan.?
yeah sure! <3
I just know that it dumbfounds me. Maybe most people don't expect immediate results or something
Is #SaySomethin going to be on iTunes!?!?!?
Suggest a challenge for Igor. For every TheGymPro Groupon sold, Igor will...
thanks for the #ff, and have a great weekend!
Oh prom drama don't miss it one bit
Manhattan, Upper West Side
Not sure I like the upgrade; every time I tap to scroll down, the article closes. Instapaper thinks everything is
"and you need to know what nobody ever told you..."
The Boston MSBL Age 30+ Tryout is Sat, March 3. The MABL Age 18+ Tryout is Sun, March 11. Both are 8AM at Extra Innings in Woburn.
same just got back to blogging a lot more content now...today has been crazy w/ all the #nba trade stuff and #nfl signings
On a single winged word hath hung the destiny of nations. -Wendall Phillips
Happy Friday everyone!
uh oh. We'll get it worked out. Chat with and we'll get you all set for tomorrow.
Jackie for Governor.
RT thank you kindly for the #shoutout, Have a Blessed Monday!
SO EXCITED FOR THIS WEEKEND
: is really on the pulse! #NotJustTheory #theLaw #
Came up with idea of replacing coffee carafe I broke last week with a vase. Then we successfully brewed coffee into the vase.
7.5 million! # of women & babies who die/yr because of poor maternal health. more than AIDS, TB & Malaria combined. where is the outrage???
don't trust the guy named Ray in apt 23! :)
:O what have you done to your puppies to flatten them?
Thanks so much for the RT!!
Klout says I'm influential about coffee. They must not understand the difference between coffee and tea.
We made it to the Alien Road Trip Mecca! Hopefully we don't get abducted in our sleep...
Morning! Almost gym time.
Looks like that %4.00 mortgage rate is a LOCK!
Technical problems at Fox as we can hear the audio from the feed echoing from perhaps the pundits room?
needs 2 help explain how he sees fire on the scoreboards 2 listeners on for those that haven't seen it!
did u enjoying visiting Philly, my hometown?
Hadn't seen signs of the Desk Fairy in so long, I thought ze didn't love me anymore. But this morning, ze left two walnut fragments. Yay!
You did a great job yesterday. It was so nice to meet you in person, and I wish we'd had more time! Thanks for inviting me.
Cool! Could you share that?
Lol I asked some random girl at the cross walk if she could see my ass
New office furniture arrived today. Enjoying it greatly. Anticipating the remaining bundle with delight!
yes please.
Upon review that "guy" is actually a woman. Looks like the creepy prince in indiana jones and the temple of doom
dont let this iJever jerk give you a hard time! You work hard and that's why you have 400K followers :)
and I are going to get a rat and call it Pancho. If he's sassy, we're going to call him Pancho Villa. Pancho sounds better
hossa and torres
I have been splintered by that bar before. Fortunately my hand and not my face.
whoa! thats awesome!!!!! thanks we'll figure out something to use that for. feel free to keep makin JADED stuff :)
Chillin on my back deck in this beautiful outside weather. Someone come chill with me. Seriously. i have coffee <3 hmu :)
oh shit. me too.. alright, ima drop out tomorrow after first hour
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!! :) *brings out dancing lobsters* <3
No! It won't be the same without you!! We'll have to plan a proper Oberon outing then!
will do!
Just woke up:)
I smell like pool :-D
The future is looking bright, and caffeinated: 'In the Future, Everything Will be a #Coffee Shop' via
There may be some Republicans aboard.
got knocked off by a wave
NFL Network.
My smile is so big right now it isn't funny. again I am glad my husband is not computer smart
same hearing lemonade mouth
Andrew!!! oh yeah...it's real, my brother. it's great to hear from you...missed you at NAMM...
My rubber band ball is growing. If only I was staying at this job longer....so many rubber bands.
RT : There are two types of Republicans: millionaires and suckers. <<< THIS!
Video floor is AWESOME!!
The next movie on the list to see: The Hunger Games.
is rude, ratchet & ruins people's lives.
Braised Tomahawk short ribs w cheddar mashed potatoes & bourbon caramel sauce! YUM!!!
lol, no. why do you think that?
happy - my best friend is coming over to town.
That's impressive.
You can't expect me to be fine, I don't expect you to care I know I've said it before, But all of our bridges burned down
In summer, the song sings itself. William Carlos Williams
I hate to hear someone say "You look good today!"
Informal survey: how many of my milennial counterparts believe a work/life blend (not balance) is their new mantra? Thoughts?
You did it!!! 500 likes! Sleepwalkers unite!!! -T
I'll be glad when Suga Foot gets in so he can get in the bed. #missing my baby!!
was really nice meeting you last night. Have a good trip home and hit me up when you coming back:-)
On my way to the H....bye austin
Yes! , it is the photo you took for the -good shot!
they will
question do groups like slaughterH share one big fee equally or all usually have diff payout amounts per show ??
Good news everyone! The new Gretsch George Harrison Tribute guitar is ONLY $12,000. WTF?
hey I'm sorry but I have tweetlimit on Dm's AGAIN! D:
Not as much as me!!
Good Morning Baltimore eats some hot steamed crabs from one of Baltimore's crab houses. Enjoy the day relaxing with family and friends.
It's homemade bread and epic lasagna day!
lol man tell me how I'm I'm the studio already with jwhite Bruh
well this really sucks
True ease in writing comes from art, not chance, as those who move easiest have learned to dance. -Alexander Pope
Looks like a Cuban cuisine kind of night.
RT : Sometimes, as an educator, you are the only one who knows you are doing a good job. #d2l11 (via )
yea, but he has a crazy controlling wife that teeters between killing him and not killing him.
It's official, I don't understand people
20 years later, but its fine im just in a bad mood. whats up?
in btls. Only a couple of cases left.
Let's see how productive I can be tonight. Club Snell til 10pm
Just got a message from VSTE reminding us of the conference. I can't wait til it starts!!!
