National Peanut Butter Day... what will they think of next?
Toria told me to make an Instagram, how the fuck do you work that? Lol
haha cool beans
DM me your email and I'll send you the link for Google. :)
lol hell yea
That wasn't bad. We need to get that back.
Marshall is so sneaky
you just wait & see & don't call me "friend".
thank u too. Peace.
This basement smells like Tauntaun.
I just ate my heart basically having the brakes slammed on at a red light.
Anybody make dope beats? Email them to !
thanks, you too!
It'll have been his first live action film in five years!
veterans always waiting. waiting for support. waiting for care. waiting....always last in line. always.
Going to tj tomorrow:)
I just hit you back bitch I know you're not busy
You were a rock star last night! RT : *yawn* why yes the holiday party last night did do me in
just worked out for the 4th time today.
Tip:) Increase your mailing list by putting our "Join My Mailing List" button on your website or Facebook page.
Just because you've had some setbacks in your life don't let your dreams die...because baby your a star 🌟
Looking forward to Chicago trip with my family--Blue Man Group, Museum of Sci & Industry, zoo, planeterium, Navy Pier, etc. & great food!
WOW!!! we fell off of the twitter train for awhile!!
hey mrs jackie you still coming to oahu??..im sorry i didnt post the photos yet! you beat me to it
Congrats Brewers and Brewers fan!!!
Start your week with positive thoughts... Have a nice day!
Ahh! Still Can't! It says the video has been removed. : / Can you send it to us using yousendit. com ?
Decided on the landscape vendor today - VERY exciting!!!!
I Pray For and his haters..
Hooray! :D Glad to hear it.
and we still have more material to read from today. Can't wait for SF Zine Fest. Anyone else going?
Yeah..He think he a ladies man now! Haha
I can't go... I gotta eat lol
You bet
“: So it's been decided. Anywhere I live from now on has to be near a Wholefoods, a Starbucks and some decent sushi.” totally!
That sucks! :(. Can't you stay with her when you go see her in April?
I had a date. - Captain Obvious
Interesting...I'm at the airport with members of the Duke lacrosse team.
slim fit? Are you trying to alienate 2/3 of the voters?
lol i see tht man , don't go too church like tht . .
Anyone have a convincing argument as to why we won't be playing hockey in Portland on Wednesday night?
Kathy here, does it make u feel good when ppl tell u that u inspired them?? I hope so cause u have inspired me 2 write songs!! LUV YA
Your girlfriend wanna nigga like me cause i ain't tryna control her
Thursday - 2/17/2011- Hump Day Thursdays @ One Up W DJ HUMP
oh really. good luck.I kno how hard apartment searching can be.if u need any help let me kno.mayb we can get 2gether and catch up
Ride safe this weekend fellow riders!
i've been incognito...but im back!
I love criminal minds! Dr Reid is so smart, *drool*
Last weekend there was a beer garden across the street from my building. This weekend? Food truck rally.
Go to Target for a few things, find a few more things, leave with many things.
The walmart in Spring,Tx is #clutch. No kids fucking shit up, no rat bitches, and NO LONG ASS LINES.
Thanks! RT Congrats 2012 #SIIA CODiE Awards finalist Best Professional Learning Solution Education
Metro Police arrested Bryan Clay in the April 16th double homicide of a mother and her daughter.
When I'm mayor I'll install so many reflective beans in Millennium Park that there'll be enough reflective bean chili for every homeless guy
im died!
Awesome! And agreed. There is never enough time...
you cyan handle all tha
Act on it! - "When you are facing the unknown, they only way to know anything for sure is to act."
indeed I to suffer from paranoia
A stock market decline is as routine as a January blizzard in Colorado. If you're prepared, it can't hurt you. A decline is a great...
super jealous ... NYC is wet & cold :(
cool. Let me know what happens...I know you will.
Thanks for the RT and the quote... amazing quote, I wish everyone could read that.
chillen wit my friends has been boring lately, we need to do sumtin new
I just ruined the surprise of seeing the !D dvd. I just had to see that behind the scenes footage. Damn. Now i feel dirty.
worked out, rewrote my paper and don't have any more motivation left…so now lets watch Tabitha Takes Over
Getting better when i go to soccer game!
Help us hit 1k and mobilize Baltimore! Our 1000th follower gets a $50 gift certificate to Lebanese Taverna courtesy
#youmightberedneck if you put duct tape on a target so it will stick to the wood(: that's what I do(:
he's pretty good! :)
RT I will keep praying that you ALL learn to use your FREE WILL the right way.. You have became the VICTIM of your OWN CHOIce!
Good Morning Beauties... productivity is the name of todays game...
Fitting end to 12 hour travel day. Rental car desks close at midnight. We landed at 1am. (sigh)
Doesn't anybody remember laughter?
Arena Football is coming back next year. We are going to by season tickets to see the Georgia Force.
#iPhone 4s commercial with ❤❤❤
Mavs-Lakers Game 2 watch party tonight on AT&T Plaza outside American Airlines Center. Party starts at 8:30 p.m. Tip-off at 9:30 p.m.
Tweet Fam listen to the tracks and give us feedback
thanks for the RT!
i bought ben and jerry's today... it reminded me that I owe you a belt and some ben and jerry's.
That is great news. thanks for sharing. I hope I never hurt myself, but I know what to do now incase
I gotta call oomf later
i need to get noticed by simonandmartina omfg god please bless me with just this :"C
In the lab putting in work.
I am with the GBC and off on a bus tour of Baltimore with Jay Brodie.
you're welcome, my friend. I wish you many more happy years :)
A5: Cos and customers share brands, sometimes each expects more from the than they can deliver
#HonestyNight before i started smokin daily i use to hate the feeling of being high
#happymomsday !!! I love my mom because she gave me birth :) and for all the things and sacrifices she's done for me. <3
its 350 + the cough drop foam. You trying to pay that price fam? We'll get to work asap
RT A six-year old just told me, "Did you know that when you are sad your skull is still smiling?"
I am livid right now!!! My radio show guest scheduled for today, LARRY STEINMAN flaked out on me and I had to put on a re-run show. Boo!!!
Now, if only all the categories could be about YA publishing, Broadway, grammar, and the Oscars...
You'll understand why God made those Flyover States-Jason Aldean 🎶🎵✈
Dam first me and Jaime had a twitter gang now I got two sisters on me :o lmao
DR PEPPER YEA
Hubbub yeah! Don't tell her though. She is a superstar in her own mind!! :-)
Looking for 2 MQ System Administrators for IMMEDIATE HIRE! 10 month project in Irving TX. Must have Mainframe MQ System Administration ex…
Tonight was amazing!!! Leo you were amazing! Please come back sooonnnnn :D
Sick video
Sandoval with a ground rule double to make the score NL-5, AL-1 in the bottom of the 7th.
I could really use a fireplace and a hug right about now
Had the perfect day. Started at then to the pool, down to the strip for the #lvme and to #Margaritaville. Life is perfect!
um I'll be one if u follow me
best thing about bomb threats here at #pitt over last few weeks: I'm thankful for little things, like getting thru class w/o evacuation.
can we toast to the fact that both our defenses are depressing?
tough choice, both SO good! can't wait to hear what you think of them!
you all don't day drink at spalding? Lol
Have a humpy hump day. Love you guys!
aww so cute! He was my partner last year!
New #patCAST tomorrow with & !
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. ~ Buddha
I'm feelin that new Mary Mary
Excited about the possibilities!
doing a bunch of nothing! lol
Grilled cheese day and I have no cheese to grill.
i moved to memphis bro
Are you ready for 2012?
AND i will be working another job, so dont back talk me!
he's Earth's ambassador to the Avengers duhh
definitely. it takes training to push through that level of uncomfort.
don't you dare say that!!!
Cropsey might be the scariest movie I've ever seen
Hey everyone let's stay focus on our goals. If you want 2012 to be a impact in life you gotta make the moves to make it happen.
maybe we can run together one day.. I wouldnt run that fast
Fair 'nuff, I'm sold on that. RT Joseph Gordon Levitt IS Dr. Strange. Accept no substitutes. John Hawkes for Baron Mordo.
whats that all about?
“: Wanna cuddle and be cute all over the place? c:”sure why not?.(:
Thank you. How did you come by the name MusicMuse? It is wonderful.
Thanks for all your great years as a #Packer. #PackerNation is grateful, good luck in the future.
did you see 1D yet?
#kellieluvdown announcement at 1 ab my single and video "Down" start getting excited and tell your friends to follow me please!!! Luv y'all
I'm proud of my NC Family & friends who fought so hard to defeat Amendment 1 & bring #equality. Ashamed of NC's bigotry.
what's goin on? Hit u when I was in PHL
Thank you for sponsoring the #SCCMayor Forum
I just wanna be with you. Alone.
Twitter talk at #lisa10: You can't chatter +i with broken fingers.
when will we get another austream? I NEED TO SEE YOUR BEAUTIFUL FACE<3
I told them all to shut the fuck up and looked really pissed and they actually stopped talking. :P I felt badass.
u make that?
yep, but the sheep will buy it anyways :)
Getting ready to watch Aishwarya on Oprah's Next Chapter, even set my alarm so I wouldn't forget.
I love storms, until it knocks out Direct Tv..
Thanks RT : gorgeous smile
Thanks! I enrolled over the summer.
thanks for the RTs!
Some rockin' tweeps! and check them out!
Thanks to , will be available next week on Roosevelt Island!
I'm getting the kids getting driven link. Not the CPH trash bin link
ha your right:)
no it was not like that... I called u Saturday evening... but my u knw what was here
": Larry u kno u would hit that on a wild night and wake up like urkel "Did I Do That""lol!
He's kind of breaking my heart right now. Might as well get used to it.
#40k tournament starting final round!
thanks for the shout! , we try not to suck, but have rec'd Salem shows...but also the Hipster Puppies release party!
Msg me if you are as bored as I am (:
You are a fool! Hard to believe someone pays you for your opinions.
feature a with me and the girls from #dragrace now that's hot
Come check out tonight ! Come hang out.
Chris Othic says about "PFaD" "Come see it!... It's an introspective look at the universe and, ultimately, ourselves. With handjob jokes!"
it was great!!
not quite... you still need an obscure Community reference for the win
Baby Drew voice #Pussy pussy pussy bet you know what I'm talking about!
If someone passes out in front of you in a Picadilly, would u just walk around and continue to get food sit down and eat?
Any suggested beers to remedy a nasty ear infection?
Girls & I are watching season two of Buffy. Spike!
went running tonight. finally! it's official: I hate my body. nothing was working right.
…and Shankar had drunkenly asserted that all one needed to bear the world was to transcend reason. (from English, August)
I might be able to help you
We shall see this offseason.
The school's site says that the colors are blue and silver.
oh i no who he is but i never checked him out cuzz internet was too slow lol i shud tho :)
Special Olympics((:
Hell-o from Cash Mob Tucson.
great news and ready for a run to augusta
I've often had this fantasy. Even so much as having a video game called "Grocery Store Traffic Cop"
are you going back on BB?
my #GMD3Dreams include all of us being part of Harry Potter ;)
im your only follower wow
Oh yeah that too. Yeah my co-workers are leaning more towards that side instead of the focusing on work side, lol.
#ESPN Michael Jordan spot,
Emotional wreck right now!
thank you cousin of mine'
I don't know what this means.
it was extremely well done, you'll definitely enjoy it!
We used to be such good friends...then I find out you were a Kings fan, haha! You're whoopin our butts right now though.
: " correction, best tweet in the world" my bad : ) ...
I like to do bad things
Taking crowd sources transcription a step further by asking ppl to make connections @ u.s. holocaust museum
how is this result working out for you? :)
Just watched Stevie Wonder walk by at NAMM.
So happy today is over!
Check my cuzzzin out on youtube ttylgirlzrock6 and watch her she is crazy lol!!
However I do love that it is tshirt and shorts weather here and in Cleveland it was jeans and winter coat weather
One of the great tragedies of life is that men seldom bridge the gulf between practice and profession, between doing and saying (MLK)
Happy New Year everybody! 2011 is gonna be a good one!
: Can't wait!
My favorite was 5/18: Intrepid Maine Girl. FWIW.
My old training partner summed it up on my #fb wall 2day: nurses are the reason your dumbass is alive ;)
Just bought a sweet t-shirt from ! Support a great music blog and check them out.
Wondering what the Spring Training Song of the Day is? I'll give you a hint, it rhymes with pashing smumpkins and a year might be in there
thank you for an amazing shoot!
Hmm... Interesting start for the
sure! I'll friend u on Facebook! If I could find u!
I do, but I'm nowhere near. :(
sweet bud.
welcome to the fabulous world of Twitter. I wonder what is possible now that you're here!?
RT if you love hot weather. :) <3
So glad its friday.
I'm supposed to start working out but I have no motivation. I never needed to work out.
Life is what you make of it. Press on with determination and direction and you will go far. Set your goals and fly.
#10fmymanyflaws i'm to nice and people like to take advantage of that.
that's too funny.
For reals. I'm (gratuitously) drunk on a Thursday night. Might try again Friday night.
Thanks Cameron for the support. cc:
This summer feels so weird, not being at camp...
Send me a message on FB or email:
seems a lot of people i know watch ch 2 news, i had no idea. don't they get all news from the net? hope all well by you, too.
Updating story about 5th graders riding on party bus with dance poles after field trip. Live in newsroom with new info at 4:50
I haven't been in that one in awhile. But I know the Lex Market one had plenty of sambas in it last week.
“: Wysaske said that they want to loan but that bank regulators aren't always as eager.” Regulators r strangling recovery
The Week Ahead: Limited Calendar of Events Focuses on Housing Data
Haha, what a stud! Keep making us proud and reppin' da j-school
That which is common can be re-packaged as private commodity and re-networked.~Parikka
Context? Nationally? Personally? Bruce? "Thunder Road." ( I owe you a call, but, um, been kinda busy. :-( This weekend?)
To find your greatest opponent, look in the mirror.
If you don't know me you can't harm me in any way. And to to the person or persons who tweeting crap piss off.
Yes, we are open today! Fresh and hot goodness to make you forget the snow! As of right now, delivery available also!
Right now, though, this seems as good a time as any to go to bed. Good night, all!
Americans will vote for ANYONE over Obama? Let's bring Hitler back to run against Obama. American ignorance is amazing!
That was the point, doofus. xo
4th: Cameras in ctroom: several trials in Rock Island; none in fed ct; attys must advise clients they may object
I wish I knew what I wanted.
I do not use Twitter often. I do use Facebook daily and I am also on Myspace. But these days it's mostly Facebook and You Tube.
RT : Excellent show with author Eyal Press' book "Beautiful Souls." Real people who do the right thing
Disney's ESPN in Talks With Apple to Expand Digital Access (Update 1) (Bloomberg)
I lie to myself a lot ..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CJ WATSON!
I'm not worried its all motivation to me. Life goes on
Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life.
#shoutoutto old boy!!!! there's a good chap!!!
So happy to finally be on Twitter! Now I just have to figure out how this thing works.
Are you currently using an executive office as your place of business?
Have you hated your #contractor? Well no more! We have 5 star ratings on Yelp and google, check them out and love us on your job.
waves at kellie.... hi kellie im pretty sure you are my bestie..lol
Today is a day to figure out who & What you need to cut out of your life to grow
you handled the tricycle quite well. That was awesome
Old news by now....RIP Ronnie James Dio
fun fact: most people get laid once per year
RT : Isn't it weird how the person you will marry is walking the Earth right now?
If I was in the 18 degree Utah weather I would need the extra hair for warmth! Hopefully he'll cut it soon!
Biut to turn off pandora but its all time low damned if i do ya dmned if i dont my weakness
Pretty Please! Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
Not Black Not White.... It's Blues on Beale; the melting pot of Memphis
Henrik with 2 great saves at point blank range.
It is inexcusable for scientists to torture animals; let them make their experiments on journalists and politicians. Henrik Ibsen
I know all the dads cant wait til fathers day I already heard my neighbor rubbin it in, they wanna be spoiled too
wth u mean by that???
Ready to go home and relax
Thank god its Friday :-)
Worst house duty? Recaulking the bathroom! How the heck do you get the old off cleanly?
I'm getting high just to fight the low... cause its all I know...
waiting for #chrishansen to walk out to the mound to confront derek #holland. (#ifyoucatchmydrift)
6 emails 4 phones. I'm ready to get voting for #TeamRochee let's keep um out of the bottom 2 they don't deserve to be there at all! #
Grizzles still did they thing this year
finds through research: WI owns fall vs battleground Midwest states. Love autumn colors!
Just taking care of the final details before tonight's Grand Opening. are you gonna be there?
Goin 2 get my driving permit!
ask my brother I even made a titanic model. It was quite sad. Yet also awesome
It's a new week at - are you ready to tell your story, East St. Louis? ;)
Cuz all them bitches is
that's just a given!
The option of a private session is perfect for listening to music you're vaguely embarrassed by.
They actually go outside at your library? I wish.
ya but lots of underfed skinny black comedians who swear every 5th word
love you, too, beautiful.(:
When my eye twitches, I feel like a crazy lady.
#outofcontextlulz RT : "If I didn't love you, I'd strangle you in a minute." -
you got it
I watched that first video on your page. Shit I don't think it's you tho, the guy on the video kind looked like your avatar
Holy crap it's state wrestling weekend. Pretty mad at myself, the past 11 years I lived for this weekend and this year I completely forgot.
Just when I thought Groupon emails couldn't get more annoying, they're now offering a discounted \
3D Animation certainly became the new fad this year with box office hits such as The Lion King 3D,
Sick of gettin my hopes up for some one to once again to put our plans to the side. tired of stupid promises. I wish u wld not ask me shit
Skintastic Medical combines aesthetic know how, experience and a more natural outcome for making Dallas ppl beautiful & "real." 972-620-3223
Finally started reading Ulysses yesterday after close to a decade of cowardice.
“: crying watching say yes to the dress.” me too!!
I moved to Cleveland for a career that I love. That being said CLE gets a really bad rap, and is way underrated.
Broncos LB Von Miller wins AP NFL Defensive Rookie of Year award.
Really?? I know I've been in Sonics drive thru a good 10 mins for 3 chicken strips
Lawyers-you are the expert in your area of law-Trust the Marketing to us-we are your marketing experts!
That's great! Have fun.
can you give me a ride home?
but for this tweet, i never would have made the connection! MT : how about an episode with the Myers brothers?
HELL YEA HELL YEA, FUCKING RIGHT.....
Bittersweet memories s
I'M NOT A PIECE OF MEAT
i just didnt come today what you mean
Thor is such a bitch in his own movie.
Hi DJ.
Do you look for a doctor who will actually spend time with you? Dr. Bucko believes in spending quality time evaluating his patients.
WHEN WE CHILLN
You always think maybe the umpires strike zone is ok until the have the strike zone in the corner showing everyone how bad the umpire is
My work is brilliant .
I am going to throw up now.
hi there stranger :)
How are you feeling these days?
Blocking me on Facebook literally does nothing...
yay for Litquake! Headed to City Lights for "Reading Global Culture Through Literary Translation" -- sounds intriguing, and useful.
I think I just may be in love with
thank God for friends & blessings (:
Thank you guys for tuning into we will be back on Monday the whole crew is off to Jamaica...Yup that's how we party!
Oh, hilarious!
U of Iowa. I took a group of students to hear him speak!
Still here serving.
Please stay tuned for future updates, announcements, and events. For bookings contact our manager: .
RT : Hell hath no fury like a woman whose husband is an idiot.
I love your background. Only because the Poreotix are in it. :)
Senate Candidate endorses 999! Good Man!
Trying to fall asleep deciding if I should listen to some Arcade Fire or STG.
Going to metamora, Indiana tomorrow
Thanks! I am doing what I can to keep the #TEAbaggers out of the State & Congress! Dont let friends vote GOP
Thank you, ! We are big fans of the 1st Yr MFA exhibition too. Stay tuned for the 2nd yr MFA show!
yahh it's so beast, it's bangable ;)
i get those a lot C:
Will we get a discount on hotel rooms or suites at Mandalay Bay through registration?
It's BBQ time
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama He's not a Republican or a former Republican president!
bahahaha poor you. :(
"Do or do not, there is no try" -Yoda
wow she is also my fav....
Thanks! I found that personification amusing. As if..! Not on libprof AFAIK.
I don't trust him as far as I can throw.....with my private parts
that's a gud meal there .do u like to cook
I got 7 my dad do all my tattoos
lol start TODAY,I have..well hopefuly, im going out for dinner tonight. in my car i keep trying to shift geers with right hnd
Ernie Johnson compares Russell Westbrook to Sally Jesse Raphael with the glasses. EJ is very underrated in his brilliance.
What was peaceful about today?
And here we go!
bra are yall getting those flight ones
I just don't think that you have to be friends first to be something else
amen to that.
Wisdom is to the soul what health is to the body.
it's okay.. has no game anyways
home of the blues
goes good. How are you & Mr. Sprecher?
Thanks for The Follow @ FreeSliceVegas
she wasn't the only one in a wheel chair though she was the only one complaining
only a person without boob holders would say that
Glad to hear the tough stuff went okay. Du schaffst es.
RT : Q2. Who controls a product's brand? #WGBiz [trick question LOL]
I am my own person!!!
Great #Budweiser spot featuring patriotism (also via #Chrysler).
see Intel community problems on having Forked code and having trouble pushing their updates or merging new versions
Whoa that Half Italian place is amazeballs.
Trivia Night is TONIGHT! We can't wait to meet everyone and to have them meet the talented students!
I pray I'm nt rude to them kids today since it is almost 2am
"It’s no secret that the Internet loves Pinterest. Now, most users are even spending more time, on average, pinning than they are on...
I cannot wait to be back in the library, studying, and listening to my homework playlist. I'm ready for this semester off to be over.
me either, I am so stress free because of you! Thanks in advance and see you Friday!
Crashing Pancakes
Don't worry, this is visit #2 to the star wars shop today
I CAN'T WAIT TO FUCKING MOVE AWAY.
When calls me and goes "I'm your biggest fan" >>
Dying is easy. Living is hard.
A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan I
Pepsi 300,000 employees w 150 friends on #FB - a great network for co. to leverage, not to "shut-down" Forbes post soon.
So, L i goin' 2 sleep here 2day and 2morrow I'm not goin' to the "The Voice 09'" Consert...I'm sleepin over at L instead :)
Stranded on 69 south. What a fantastic Friday night.
If A&
82° sure feels like Spring in northwest Ohio.
Teen witnesses brutal murder in an iPad video shows group of Italian nuclear talks stop Gupta seeks to decide.
Caleb, student in a Mesquite alternative school, says he is placed in school for a crime he didn't commit. No due process, he says.
“Beautiful girl, on top of the world. Don’t fall down, because an angel should never touch the ground.”
Jay-Z-lucifer........yeah, i need that song right now.....
Yes we are always looking to expand. We are looking to get into retail shops around the country.
#wikileaks I am pretty sure ya'll have an agenda. It doesn't "vibe" altruistic. I don't trust anyone, ya'll get equal treatment.
Take a look around
My son wakes up gettin into shit
“ “ Wanting To Text You But, > Waiting For You To Reply Back To The Last Text I Sent.””
#np Johnny Cash - Hurt. Yep probably the best cover ever done.
enjoy the well earned wine and happy writing!
We get it, your ass is big. But how'd you get famous? Sucking ray j 😒
Well, Zenimax did fight for the Fallout MMO rights, but I'm not sure they can do full production on two MMOs at once.
Happy spring quarter to all of our therapist's in our training program!!!
It is estimated that coffee arose in an Ethiopian district called Kaffa.
its #sportshangover day for me, yesterday chocked fullo incredible news, picqued life for awhile - today the usual rhythm it seems
I can't wait for the semester to end. Have so many things to do.
hating yourself is not the answer.
Time to fire up Saint's Row 3 again before I start plotting out the paths of trains because this Mass Effect crap is too depressing.
Oh yeah. Thanks.
Walker's a crook. he brought dirty politics to MKE County.
Tipoff is in 10 minutes. Wish I was at the house but I am a good big sis.
Laughing out loud to something you see online >>
Finally!!! I have been saying he needs one for the longest! You should make her just like him and make Shaun jealous!
Why every body at me tonight
I see HOPE......a day that is lived in LOVE
You can save 5% to 15% on your #heating bill by turning your thermostat back 10 to 15 degrees for eight hours
you know what!!!!!! hahaa I'm so stupid its to even funny
RT : Really looking forward to being at #pdf12!!
Please become my friend on Facebook too and become a fan of Knockout Incorporated. www.knockoutincorporated.com www.miari.com
Slept through 1st 2 classes. Listening to a speaker who thinks..no, knows shes a witch. Oh and I hear my car just got a boot. Awesome day.
Jansen was lights out... Should have let him at least start the ninth
Watching #Dollhouse for the first time. My God is beautiful. Good show for far.
lucky! Wish I could go, #pricemobsters love the theatre!
Get your calendar order in today!
If the Red Bulls #RBNY win their mid-week game what day next weekend will they they host a playoff game? Any ideas?
Somebody want to tell the Thunder that the game started 40 minutes ago?
Got Taste For Some Shrimp
Can the PAC-12 spot UCLA 21pts for their upcoming PAC-12 Championship game vs. Oregon? Yikes!!
can't wait for dead phones band practice with
Great read.
Excited to learn that will have a pub featuring 8 taps of local beer! Already working on scheduling a #pghbeermeetup!
“: Keep your hands clean.”
- Robert Garcia anyone?
"Dragnet": Wooden acting, bad dialogue, in a documentary format. It doesn't make sense. But I can't stop watching it.
i follow waaaayyyy too many patriot fans on here....wtf is the matter with me?
Home now!! BBQ was aweful!! Giant tree branch fell in Marks yard, then he found out 2 of his relatives are dead!! !WTF!! Bad luck!!
": enjoying life ne" Welcome to twitter I bet SA has opened your eyes ah!!!when r u coming back??
how's the workouts going so far with Manning
It's not a heart breaking loss, #Mariners deserve to lose because they can't finish it.
I just want to do
Yes, that would make a difference wouldn't it, Queens vs. Midtown Manhattan. :-)
#itsalwaystheuglypeople, that make a difference, and are more interesting, because they have to try harder!
OMG. & your name's hannah?! we have so much in common. WOAH!
Minnesota could have a great young lineup with Hamilton.. Going to be the biggest sleeper of this draft. Let's see how they go here
singing to #oomf on the phone.
I know Rite They Make It Look Like They Never Had Acne A A Teenager
Rhythm & Jazz Radio hit a milestone of sorts today, gaining its 300th follower here on Twitter. Good to see the good word is getting around!
There are those who make things happen, There are those who watch things happen and There are those who say What the fuck happened!
what the fuck?
I will turn up for my friend tonight
Conceivian holiday party starting in a couple of hours.
A little bit longer; & i'll be fine :')
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 1118 calories! on 4/9/12 at 1:34 PM
I just want to say FUCK YOU to Oakland University. I pay good money to attend here and I can't find a parking spot @ 6pm.
thanks, Sam. enjoy your personal "leaning tower of pb"
<- please follow
seriously. Everywhere.
#2012c19 Travis's class created page on Our Nig from scratch; expanded Harriet Wilson page from stub.
wait, do the ones you took of me 2 years ago count????
you're going to kill it, dude!
Mary Kate! The headband should have tipped me off.
Blegh My only way to coffee is to venture through 26degree weather....Anyone want to bring me some? ;)
Stalking Tom Brady on Intrepid's Flight Deck. Just a perk of the job (and yes, he's really really hot).
come in this Wednesday to our Bellevue Nomu Lounge for our final night of Trivia!
oh no! Lol
I aspire to be close enough buds with Zach Randolph that I can call him not Z-Bo but Zeebs.
wowzers! i so wish too:) but, seeing you in vegas will make up for it...this year anyways ;)
Coral Springs Investment Property for $ 195,000 The current rent is $ 1495 per month
have a great day Jentifa
Yes please
Is your dad telling stories again? It was a long time ago and I was real drunk...well, let's just say it's a penetrating tale!
another hackweek. another most-awesome-day-of-my-working-career.
saw this AM, hilarious!
OH loooowwwd!!! I'll add more
The Oregonian's Canzano with the silver lining: Oregon has 18 of its 22 starters returning, could be Pac-10 favorites next year.
Just registered for timeline webinar. Going to try to listen in on my lunch break Tommorrow
RT : My partner in success the one only rt: Now following -----&gt; !
Just saw Reanimator the Musical last night and I kind of want to see it again already. Was so much fun.
damn! Can u teach me that trick cuz my cooch be zzzzzn!
About to hit the air! Tune in - WWL-TV Channel 4 in New Orleans.
What a weekend! Thanks for all those who stopped in before the game. One more to go tonight!
Few hours into this paper and already four and half pages into it. Aka, time for me to retire to sleep and continue in the morning.
tell everyone about my intense thriller a new species of Python in Florida n they will learn best sex maneuvers only 7.89 amazon
Sounds restorative! Where are you (if you don't mind my asking)?
Just wondering if I'll see you between now and then.
thanks! See you then!
RT : We will have a total of 45 branches by sept 21. We are open for franchising.
Sounds good... marking you in my calendar. Night!
Please follow :) les dará follow back :B , she is DIRECTIONER :) siganla :D eso. :L
On a totally different note: clowns and antique dolls are creepy.
why so discouraged? i know he is a terrible rebounder, but at least he is a real listed 7 footer and not soft at all.
thanks baby!
just heard a bad news a boy named martin commited suicide becuz he was a belieber bullied #ripboybeliebermartin !
Wake up time is money lol
AWW I love it!!
When to call the doctor for menopausal symptoms - Newsolio
It was not. Just some sleazy looking dude that I wanted to stomp on.
yeah too bad we know how that turned out now.
well i got him one thought i didnt have enough till i saw 3 people bought cds from me
If anyone knows any places i can preform post it to my page please.
Need some music to start your day.... Check out Yelle and their track Safari Disco Club!
O.o
A rare, memorable moment.
Congrats to boy and the Bucknell Bison on their HUGE win over Arizona last night in the NIT!!
Baby I love you, I never wanna let you go, the more I think about u the more I wanna let you know that everything you do is super duper cute
hi babe
: so proud
La Porte is so boring!
Look at his cute outfit!!
People do not seem to realize that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Just saw Midnight In Paris... at work. I wonder if one day, someone will make a similar movie about Ham Lake?
One more week until the Little Brown Jug! Can't wait. Hope the weather is cool and dry. Probably wishful thinking.
Wow....really..the things ppl do n say...
Just booked 2 gigs in #Akron and possibly more! Get ready now #AK!!!
Trying out 's pozole recipe tonight. She says, 'add a little of this and that" I have to follow the recipe.
How are u that faded that u drown in a bath tub??? Wish she could have got some help
nice win vs nuthunter +66 at 50/100 3 tables. flopped a ton of top pairs ran great. now trying to win a tournament...
what are you when you are with me. Please tell me.
Fresh market coming to 4th st st Pete can trader joes be next?
So excited about celebrating my birthday with the premiere of the Hunger Games tonight. The kid and I are sharing celebration.
hit me up over email. info -at - delofted -dot- com
lol ur da one who wanted to chat with me
Its officially time to retire the jeep.
of course, #Brewers could go the on-the-street free agent route. I'm sure everything is in play for Melvin
I dont love him like you do!
I was shocked by how utterly magnificent the game was and how brilliantly they paid homage to the original story, look and feel.
Dear #Seahawks, run the football. It's worked to this point, so don't go away from it. Thanks.
It really will not sink in until this fall.
took you that long huh?? lol ok let me potty first lol
The May issue will be on newsstands tomorrow, be sure to check out some fabulous homes in this issue!
i get hungry at the most random times. make that im hungry at all times. my box of #FrostedFlakes is about to be emptied.
lolol! love it! :)
The Yankees won, the Red Sox lost and I had sushi for dinner. Today was awesome.
same thing happened to my mother's used book store. hurricanes in 2004 and 05 wiped out FL's money then recession hit and she closed.
see article from previous tweet. Has all the data.
Here's one for every weekend Bubba. No stone-faced silence for this guy. Cry on, dude.
Live is so extraordinary. One moment can change everything
Time for a relaxing spa bath, cup of wine, some candles and my thoughts.
Little sisters First Communion.
Some people need to grow the fuck up...
visit our page and get a 10% off Coupon on top of the already low prices when sign up www.facebook.com/perfumeseven
You killed it today hpc- thanks to every person who made serve madison happen!
for what?
not an article but: Erik Seeman, The Huron-Wendat Feast of the Dead: Indian-European Encounters in Early North America
Great pic! What's your favorite Pie?
is there practice
Can someone flash me with that Men In Black pen so I can forget about being a type snob and just enjoy a nice evening out?
Marbles Brain Health Expert Says: Infunitum activates the hippocampus, the memory center of the brain...Get it today!
Solo and Ensemble today.
:) that was me.
Dave day
PS by pretty okay I mean I LAUGHED, I CRIED, I EXPERIENCED EVERYTHING I WANTED OUT OF A GIANT MOVIE AND JOSS YOU SHOWED THEM F--K YEAH!!!!!
Sunday, June 13 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: Eyal Feldman | Boy Butter Prod. | Listen: latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Albuquerque: noon-2pm TODAY! Chronicles new location! Bring non-persh food for the Storehouse! Prize wheel loaded-CDs-DVDs-Newsboys tix!
You can have everything in life that you want if you will just help enough other people to get what they want. - Zig Ziglar
Looking forward to watching...preseason football? Sadly, yes I am...
GOOD NIGHT GUYS!! <3 I love youu!!!
they'd understand why Gpd made those fly over states. 
I'm wearing a polar bear suit.
no, too late, can't change your mind.
says "one of the best bugets" in a long time.
Rescue email launched. See if that helps.
Last day in Napa - onto #DENSI tomorrow. Looking forward to meeting everyone.
well let the emotion push you to your best time!! GOOD LUCK!!
girl they'll get it down!
Hello! Hope you are doing ok. :)
The Hunger Games is the best book ever!
Good Night Friends ✌ #LIVE #LOVE #LEARN #LAUGH 8D
Anyone who calls themselves an American should know what happens on the first Saturday of every May.
Don't forget to visit #Lectora booth 101 at #astdtk12. Stop by and meet the #eLearning team, including !
Fela! is a really good play and everybody should go see it! I'm proud to be Nigerian!
Dude I just really wanna meet ya!
Wow what part of love thy neighbor do you NOT understand? Even when facing arrest Jesus condemned violence. Your heart is stone
i had to get on the website
Love #TheBachelorette Emily's soft tousled hairstyle. So pretty and stylish. Her daughter is adorable. Nothing is better than being a mom.
Building a monster
No action, no change. Limited action, limited change. Lots of action - Change occurs. - Catherine Pulsifer
Decided to buy and ship a wedding gift to the bride before the wedding. One less thing to carry. Why haven't I thought of this sooner?!
how cute :)
downtown US BAnk should be able to :)
I really don't think I can talk to you after that...that shit ain't something you joke around with...
Watched #twitter101 from and thinking about the possibility of using it for live anonymous brainstorming in a ILT
You are my favorite player ,i look up to everything you do. You most explosive person ever! Are there any tips to jumper higher?
Plastic acquisition! New bling coming soon........
w/ the Stuart clan for Ma Stuart/Mothers Day :-)
My boyfriend doesn't even know how much trouble he's gonna be in tomorrow for falling asleep on me. 😡
oh my god i would die of happiness
whom you skype there? is for me to add
nope never heard of em, I'm stubborn when it comes to listening to local artist...that's something I gotta work on tho
Its Official Bottom's Up On 19th Ave & Cambell in Phx, AZ. Its Going Down. Will Be In The Building. Drink Special
can't do wednesdays - tuesdays?
Sure thang. :) RT : could you RT the first on from my favs? It would help me out. Thanks! :)
New goal: my next job interview will be for a real, full time job or in a field I WANT to work in.
i love being eighteen :)
Morning guys (: x
No specific leads, but may be able to point you in the right direction.
oh really?! Which one? Cause I stay in racetrac chyle!
a real gangsta ass nigga plays his cards right
Lovers don't finally meet somewhere. They're in each other all along.
Oh no I'm sure he's expecting a monetary gift for his great achievement & The Hubby is his godfather as well as uncle. :)
Oh Matt we need to speak to you about #BestBuzz we will change your mind, I promise :)
go FAVRE!
Yawn* Please tell me something I don't already know. 'tis me : )
Traffic is ungodly terrible today
Cheers Jay! Hope u dig the tunes and the video. We gotta find these guys. Please help us spread the word.
This year has been one of the most interesting of my life thus far.
So I am officially in love with #Yoga I cant wait to start seeing and feeling results!!
I was just thinking earlier "it's been a long time since I did a live hit at #Grady" - well guess where I am tonite?
RT : . for event on innovation & technology in/for #WesternMa w/ & others
Haha! We're getting there!
I Hate #Thirsty biatches
Had a great time at yesterday's video shoot for a local artist (Painting). Looking forward to scoring and doing post work for the project.
Next step...Tebow needs to learn to look for that check down throw. Open on many, many occasions.
I don't wear enough flair.
No more groups/projects, it's all done. Just got finals coming up and it's smooth sailing from there. A heavy weight is off my shoulders.
Thanks! Will do.
I really appreciate it! They are all very helpful! I'm glad I have someone helping me out
i'm gonna try to get him here
I need like 38 more Followers .... Please help ?(:
you already know! I'll be back on tueday! I work buy I'll let u know when I'm off
No pressure on Cutler. C'mon D line.
What did Mrs. Baumgarten do?
ROYAL BLUE!
We hope you found it interesting and useful!
Hey Wendys, can I get some sprite with my cup of ice next time.. Thx
Happy Birthday to us! 4/11, best day of the year.
who knew we'd have porch parties in college
Maybe E will contribute. Yesterday he suggested "my need to fix my PREMIS plan distracts me from your aquamarine eyes".
Appreciate it fam
Idk i don't mind armpit hair on my homos.
The tiger didn't go crazy, the tiger went tiger lol
Fear prefers us uncomfortable and lonely so it can do its best work.
Hi tweety birds. I'm having dinner in the south end. Just ordered gelatti and capucino. How european.
Hey girl!(: Did you really draw those graffiti things??
the #BroadStreetBullies will for sure show up at the next game!
I LOVE YOU CHINA AN YOU FOLLOW ME PLEASE ;)
hope all is well. Take care.
There are times when people need kind words, but then there are times when they need a bat to the head.
no problem. I'll enjoy sleeping for you too.
hahaha nahh Zach will just have it come to him as a surprise XD
The first American bicycle race took place on May 24th, 1878 in Boston, Massachusetts
It's a butt-in-chair night. I'm set to write for a few hours.
Looking for some good chickpea recipes... Any suggestions beyond hummus?
watching scrubs when I should be coding
Hello, Darius Miller!
Drove with Hassan for a few hrs last night around the edge of Bethlehem. Saw the settlements, caravans, wall, and tunnels creeping in
It's time
hey can you follow :)?
You here?
I write m/m fiction. :-)
does anyone use myspace anymore?
Less than an hour of 2011 left.. I really liked this year...
yea so did pitt, and we beat em
Congrats to TR Board Member on the birth of his daughter Tatum!
Jean, unselfish fidelity
Friday nights are always good:-)
"But I'll Brb Later Twitter Finna Go Back To Sleep No School For Me'
Hey twitter fam I miss y'all much. What it is
been drinking from a clean red solo and programming so large, stack overflow
Why do you think so many NBA players drive Maseratis? Whenever you're ready, you know where to find us!
Do u like or dislike Edge?
You're welcome guys! I've been a fan for a long time. My husband and teen boys love your music too. We all are excited!
Things I learned in school: 1. How to whisper 2. How to text without looking 3. How to look like I’m paying attention.
lol. Dude I barely get on I'm too sick too do anything blahh....
no alcohol related traffic deaths in our state this year. police will have a high profile tonight.
Follow Me Tuu Gain!!
Yes. Still working on small details. “: Hey are you guys planning a pub crawl for Halloween?”
Somebody tag Antonice to this and ask her what the HELL Issuu is.......
Preview for #Justified was sweet too. I'm psyched for January 17.
shout'n back at you ...a lil late though ..my bad
Only at Pinkberry in Chelsea would someone ask, "Do you need a top?" and the guy would look at me and say, "Well, do we?"
Kobe leave the bench before the game ends. That's why we think he is a piece of shit. Manu had a broken fucking nose!
Are you celebrating any upcoming events? Are you in charge of organizing a corporate event? Let us know and we can help you out! Just RT/DM
follow back
That's pretty cool! I was on a reality show called Fightskool 2 and Tito Ortiz came to train with us as well as Frank Mihr
Went to my ex husbands mothers to let the #kids go
This here Givenchy, 900 dollar jeans homie. All these girls be raunchy like let me seen your peen homie.
We can help you out with that! We'd love to have you stay with us, Cynthia.
wow I didn't know it was that much. Yeah I won't be paying for tickets. I'll consider it when free ones are offered.
I'm not feeling summer being over. We have a frost advisory in effect tonight.
yeah exactly. even if you memorized it, it was still tough as hell.
Hello tweeters today's quote is: It's not enough to do our best; sometimes we have to do whats required. Tweet! Tweet!
Never save money with no cause & never spend it without something to show for it.
since you've been gone, i just don't know what to do!
Sad I didn't get a #WWDC scholarship, but grateful for the rejection email. 1) it was awfully nice 2) saves me from checking email til 12am
and you will never have another like me yeah
Thanks! Yes, I will be at MSA with bells and network graphs on.
Any hardworking undergrads looking for an internship in downtown Austin? Duties include helping w/ outreach & event logistics. Let me know.
Like the look send something in English
Happy New Years! Much love for 2012!
Stop by and see us, we would love to see you!
Why do I have the strangest dreams?!
idk make one? Ha
Pissed we lost
I agree, much better! RT : came home to a full tank of gas & an oil change.
Black Explotation Award: Mc Donalds with the "Chill Talk" Commercial during the #NBAPlayoffs Can we say "Liquid Diabetes Juice"?
<Thanks for the prayers. , how are your folks?
shout out to my 600th follower!! How much longer til I get verified hah. But really though...
Last night I dreamt a man had 2 dig up my floor b/c a mermaid was trapt n our pipes & he could hear her better when he was nude.
My 1st #followfriday in a while: Film Fans
You're way too young to play these games.
Tell me tell me tell me tell me tell me tell me tell me
just owned my life. Now back to the to try and catch VHS.
I love how i just found out someone hacked my twitter and put nasty shit up their .... it happened last month...
!! My poor, poor TurDubs!?:(
justin is nominated for 5 teen choice awards? that's my boy.
“Sleep late, hav fun, get wild, drink whisky & drive fast on empty sts w/nothin in mind but falin in love & not getting arested” HST
same thing happened when I dreamt about you ;^) <21
Solidfire says that disk based controllers are very busy dealing w/100-1000 disks but with SSDs not as busy
I wonder what it's like to have a tail
Big Sean is in Memphis. Oh yeah.
i figure im done chasen these hoes im only chasen my dream
thank you for the follow Allie
There is nothing reduced about the quality of these accessories though
Moderating a mobile focused panel for #refreshDC in April. Heavy developer focused. Want input of what's on your mind so I can incorporate
hm text mee (:
Reading and taking notes about new web developments. Quite interesting.
Ladies Always Remember Too Refresh Your Pussy Before Refreshing Your TL -_- (Have A Nice Day)
yeah but it works the other way too look for the good things and you will see more even when you r behind on bills like me
Everyday is a great day for pizza! We're making pizza and garlic knots all day! Stop by for the best pizza you'll ever have
lucky. I forget which white guys you're thinking about focusing on research-wise?
Online applications are great, but take the time to also submit a targeted cover letter. Shows you thought about the job.
How does one know when they are truly in love, is it base on the things they do for you or is it the unwilling desire fill in a empty void
people are often innapropriately physically compelled by attraction, people try to touch the tattoos on my arms all the time.
Good read as a follow up to the Nielson Report about #Latinos & mobile.
what did he do now?
Don't try to figure out what other people want to hear from you; figure out what you have to say.
Ours does, but Twitter is so slow there that I've stopped using it. Plus my informal surveys say that not many use Twitter.
Fun times playing at The World Cafe Live and The Fire -was asked to perform for both places! Im doing a 30 - 40min set AND a Halloween show!
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in California!
veggie burrito
starting 2 follow lots of #Pittsburgh #startups, #software, & #tech ppl. amazed how much talent we have here! Cant wait 2 learn ab them all
I'm thinking Jan 6-12
RT : Sentiment analysis of comments can be a better predictor of opinion than ratings
I AM A STRONG, INDEPENDENT INDIVIDUAL!!!!
Thanks! I love geeing out about information to the right crowd! :)
Is there anything better than a chicken sandwich on a beautiful, sunny yet windy day? I didn't think so.
"Midnight in Paris" is #17 in Barnes & Noble's DVD sales list and #24 in Barnes & Noble's Blu-ray sales list.
lames:o Who? & how do you no??
yup I hate to blow out candles! But early am for me!
She Hungry I'm Hungry We All Hungry
The recent use of social media as a tool for activism and the subsequent censoring of dissidents' voices on the Internet by opposing...
Delaware State University -GoHornets!! RT RE-Tweet if you LOVE your HBCU”
very excited about the Outsidelands lineup, can't to be in San Francisco again... Stevie Wonder, Metalica, Foo Fighters, Norah Jones, unreal
Is your puppy PRIDEful? Join + + celeb judges for the hottest party on the parade route. 7/16- 9am.
sadly, people didn't know about this until 30 minutes ago. I wrote a song about it last year.
Tweet me a number and I'll rate your icon, BG and bio <3
Friday Night!
more...A LOT MORE...to come around 845am! stay tuned!!
in Glen's defense no one knew of the line up change. Not even the Mets guys. I was in the booth with them.
Daniel Shak Just Misses Out on Top Spot Pennsylvania’s Shak miss out on a combination draw with just one card remaining.
thanks for the RT! It was great to see this #Agile team in action. Team feelings are often overlooked.
Perfect weekend morning: rainy weather, soy latte, and "The American President"
Mason Alert: 8/23/11- All activities and classes are canceled across all campuses of Mason.
Can you email links or docs? I'd be keen to follow the whole project
i love you.
today was the best day ever!!!!
thx for helping spread the good word...
more changes coming to the events pages today....stay tuned.
Sitting in demo limbo. Argghhh.
All I knw is.... This chick betta bring her azz to work today!! Messin up my wrk dayz of doin nuttin cause u wanna play sick
statement from says club is in shock, asking everyone to stop what they're doing and send their prayers to Junior and his family
I have written an opinion about Christie's mandates for education. Anyone know where I can submit it? magazine? newspaper?
what do you think of mayo?
my mom isn't even home? fuck that. i'm going to the pirate game then.
thank you!!!! So happy to be part of the club!!!
😊👍ill text you
Playing tonight! Club Garibaldi. Headlining the show, but come early and commiserate!
we should hang out tomorrow .
and me are at Disneyland running a tally of grumpy old people in mouse ears. Total: 8
good morning! (: is today the day you follow me?!
Desire a #nude discount getaway 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
Thank you for all you do. Your commitment is inspiring. Thank you, too for organizing the
wippn hot hot hot colors!!! call today to set your appointment!!
Hope you had a nice fucking day
DAVID I AM LISTENING TO THAT SONG RIGHT NOW, HOW WEIRD
o gosh.. Dont even get me started
I want some Orange
Thanks cutie! Missed u too :)
u got the point...thats more imporant
I'm so hungry
GOGOL BORDELLO !! Seriously awesome.
In my 7 am delirium, imagined I got an email from a specific party with a specific message. 11 am, no e-mail. Am I crazy? #Don'tAnswerThat
I think the dinosaur thing is going on at the same time. as chocorama
iam goona put it some other day no less than 2 weeks i am so very sorry ill try to finnish at least 1 story today no promises
Holy hell does sound incredible. I think that everyone is pinching themselves right now ! Wow.
“: #Game7”Have To Ball This Game
life is bout to get krazy!! >:o
Dancing in the mirror>>>>>>
Ugh work. Kms.
I haven't heard of . Will check it out!
I'm watching rivals right now!!
Finals are over! Yeah!
well everyone has there own opinions, you're just the first person I know that thinks she's fine lol.
Thank YOU for the fuel!! “: thx for letting us be #proudcoffeesponsors for #BlogathonATX 2012 - u guys rock!”
It's a Big10 thing I respect it
Everything cost alots of money here!!!! my rent is over 1,000$
It's Friday, what food are YOU excited to get into this weekend???
I'm @ Borders 4 JB meet n greet but cast is late.
What a great day at the course!
I think Brad likes you.
I was just thinking that you loved the daughter so much, you typed "dilf", completely forgetting that you couldve meant "dad"
Darn, how did I miss seeing you? :( Hope you had a fun #bashh!
are you guys watching the police chase in LA? A girl walks up to the tow truck getting chased for his autograph when he stopped? LoL
I didn't see her today. She's at our intake building & living with 1 of the other 5 dogs we brought up frm SC. Visit Monday.
how is your enchilito? word for word answer...Absolutely super fricking maaavelous! Love our loyal customers !
Newt referred to three wives. Assuming his.
OH, BY ALL MEANS LADY WHO'S COLD WITH A BLANKET. JUST GET OUT THE WAY. GEEZ YOU GUYS BLOW
Lyon: By bursting into journalist's breakfast time at hotel, Al-obeidy creates space for engagement, creates shared interest.
thanks, if only they would pick me :') x
that is awesome thanks! will email soon
RIP Amy Winehouse dang. rehab mighta been a better way to go.
#sdmayornp "housing first" to deal with homelessness
come get yo computer
There are some people Ive met out here that I wouldnt believe had existed even in Narnia.
I wonder if male ladybugs have daily identity crises.
Hey everyone go to fashionbaggage fan page and press like!
Is it weird that I sleep in my Team Iceland shirt every night?
Thanks for the follow:)it means alot!:)hope U have a Good day today:)Smile:)it makes U happy & the people around U smile too:)
kinda tired c;
Haha. Being from Evanston I totally know the feeling. It's a pain :-( we literally do only get 2 seasons: winter & construction
not yet but if I can sell me first gen then maybe.
The tests can be stressful. I've been thru more than I can count and still get nervous. Nice to meet you.
#HAchat However, ePatients /activists need to help docs sift through mediocre/crappy communities to find a great one
son turned 21 today-glad to have him come by to celebrate-proud of him as he finishes math degree and coaches at my school-he is growing up
Waiting for the big game to start! GO ROCKETS!
me too. Beauty sleep starts at reasonable hours for me after that I can't promise much lol
You Lookin Too God ,Wat You Standin Over There All By Yourself For
We'll have to see him in Vegas later in the year.
did you see any kangaroos?:)
I'm following and still learning how to use it lol
it was beautiful!(: and love y'all too<3
It's a sign of my OCD...
sounds good.
Vegas XFactor fans we are running Melanie Amaro's performance at the beginning of FOX5 News at 10. The mistake was made outside our station.
whats the link!
Not everything is what it seems ... Sorry baby :$ .
obviously Not playing things would have been much diff
True to his brand: says skip new boxed set--too expensive. Buy Louis Armstrong set instead (and "music is vastly superior")
What is your motto?
yeah buddy. When are y'all going up there?
I don't deny he sensationalized things, but I see worse on Reuters, USAToday, etc. every day. It's hypocritical for them to judge.
I have a problem with pants :-X
you give us a dollar I give 10
ready to get confirmed?!
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Viewed from the summit of reason all life looks like a malignant disease and the world like a madhouse.
Our 200th Twitter follower on the day our new website launches!
Thanks for follow, wild picture
I'm really impressed with the ender dragon
Thx to for speaking at #spectrum12 #Leadership Day
Offering someone food and secretly hoping they don't want it.
if you can find me a ride there then i will go <3 (: LOL
Monty designed a codec that did something like that before Vorbis. I'm not sure he finished it. Safety can be achieved with a VM.
Thanks, and you are the MMA Diva! Are you playing Singapore?
Want a chance to win 2 tix to the first round of the #NFLDraft ? Just RT this and follow for your chance to win!
Thanks to all who supported this year's Umpqua Bank Challenge - we can't wait to do it again next year!
Recipe: Chocolate bread-and-butter pudding with roasted pears - Otago Daily Times
Basant is as much "Our" heritage as Holey & Divali but u already know that :)
Well done
this is not Publix turron this is Cuban palacio de Los jugos turron . The very sugary sticky one lol
Tests came back and found like 9 things wrong with me. Some of it explains a lot esp. the pain...
love it!
Shopping spree for my mom
Never be the fool
I love chicken tikka massala my favorite foreign dish
Ok..will mark my calendar. Thx
U wish so, I am here to stay. RT : Ding dong the witch is dead
I am I got something for her
Walking home with the fancy cause my tire is brokes... 2am stoles are romantic... tow and spending money seems to be on tom. Agenda. Woop.
HOLY SHIITTAAKEEEEEE. HAHAHA. THIS IS AMAZING. And we were just talking about it!! :D
#MasterClass LOVED tonight #MasterClass. This one should be in every classroom in America. I grew up in the same era & same values.
Hey, you didn't accidently trip and crush Stan Lee the other day did you? I hear Marlyn burns still won't do conventions...
hahaha RT : I don't have a drinking problem I have a drinking passion.
Yeah I need to hit the Gym ASAP, then maybe I can be a guest star in one of your videos!! lol
not a bad monday. diggin this sunny weather
My hands are itching for the chance
welcome to twitter
Everyday! RT : Q1 #Foodiechats How often are you eating #Organic Food?
ur first time gettin hi was at a 311 show
": Them bitches from #CollegeWithDegrees be giving #StupidDumpHead"<=call it sharing knowledge
she is adorable! So big.
When I find myself feeling negative, I will choose to look for the good. I know that what I focus on expands in every area of my life.
chicago vacation so soon with
lol I wasn't calling you Martha Burke, I was pointing out the Masters is commercial free because of her. ~>
These people are starting to piss me off!
I've been pretty bad at twitter lately. Apologies to the three people that actually care about my prose.
Aside from the amount of times you've said swag today, I'm proud of you! Please stay clean, my life is incomplete without you.
What does that tell our black men who's already struggling in the gay world!!
Looking forward to hearing from at the headquarters today. Anyone have questions?
Annoyed, sad, depressed, pissed, irritated, heartbroken, unhappy. Words to describe my feelings.
Awesome! thanks!
will be released on May 19, 2011.
Assassination is an extreme form of censorship.
On the days where specific activity is not noted, Darrell will be on rides to various locations in length from 500-1000 miles.
The amazingly insane analysts who keep making predictions about AAPL's downward fall are qualified as candidates for the GOP nomination.
Time takes pleasure in kicking our asses...
the cop had stoppd a car on the side of freeway ramp and i was goin 60. He said i shouldve slowed down by him and i had warrants
he might be done for life
#DenverBroncos coach John Fox on hearing the news about Peyton Manning joining the team: "I almost pulled both hamstrings."
Niggas is thirsty. I'm not a whore. i'm not a slut. i'm a model. how many times do i have to repeat that?
how'd you guys do today? no one would answer lol
It's not in her range. She's can a pretty deep meow; she's more of a contralto.
Justin Bieber: Never Say Never. Selena Gomez: Be yourself. Miley Cyrus: Radiate Love. ♥ -- Selena Gomez
hate to hear you lost but classic story.
#Howzit? If u love #Entertainment #ThemeParks #Bars #Nightclubs #Pubs #StripClubs #Parties #NFL #NBA #MLB #NHL #Follow us
per my husband who is the #1 Bucks fan, Super Sid and Marcus Johnson.
Sent one during Precon. Will that work?
amazing shoot this am!!! I love my cows. You made great models.
Who feels like #SUBWAY for dinner? We have subs, salad and pizza. Come get your favorite. Eat fresh.
time to make breakfast lol
she brings a whole new meaning to the term "inflation"
Please sign in & propose/vote on sessions to create our schedule! :) Ask if you have ?s about the process!
I hope Dawson and Bettis get their yellow jackets today.
bet. Ima check it.out when I get it.
FINALLY, time to relax & sleep!! Better believe tomorrow I plan on sleeping in! Queen style, flanked by pillows.
congrats on making it to the #DWTS Finals. #PackerNation loves you
Budget Summit for Fall 2012 complete! Keep an eye out for budgets from your commissioners early this week
I hate it when I lose my Chapstick <
Just added the honey, wheat extract, and 2lbs of wheat DME.
#truth thank you. Just got out of class. ^^ hope you are having a spatacular weekend
seems like it.. very much so
Tonight is our #Bourbon tasting! Taste, learn, enjoy bites & more! Phone reservations @ 503-248-2100. See you there!
thanks for the clarification. Makes a great deal more sense now.
Shit JUST grinding
I forgot how great a movie Moonstruck was.
Ahh yes, you will be missed. WHo knows what we will crash this year in
ye. That kids gone. Haha so u gon be at schaumburg next year
Great! Thanks for the note. It was fun to work with you.
I know some local friends that would LOVE to go! :)
My buddy had a jar of moonshine. I got so drunk I passed out on my Gf's shoulder while slow dancing to Bump N Grind
I've learned that no matter how much you care, some people don't deserve you..
I just finished a 2.86 mi run with a time of 32:01 with Nike+ GPS.
Delmarva, Frederick, Bowie, Norfolk are all under .500. They gave all the wins to the Orioles apparently.
. it's for notetaking, but has voice recording that is tagged with its position in your written notes. Also pdf markup, etc.
I just had a student ask about end punctuation & quotes. Is there any talk about the LOGICAL PUNCTUATION movement?
The great leaders are like the best conductors – they reach beyond the notes to reach the magic in the players. – Blaine Lee
#SchoolMemories ugh I can go on and on bout this treading topic
No Not Yet We Are Thinking Next Summer Probably Mid Summer
How could I be so wrong about people---yet again? Snakes are wearing the best disguises.
Every field is especially blind to its own methodological shortcomings. The internal debates are always smaller-scale.
Just saw the cutest twins in the world.
Hell yeah! I love Kentucky, too! Go CATS!!
Vincent Thomas just arrived for the free event at Liam's and he's getting set up. Don't miss what is going to b a great event. 7pm
TONIGHT - Dirty Habits with Special Guest DJ's Curtis Dirt, Justin George, Lank, Nova & Weapon XI along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!
thanks! Sad to leave, but this is going to be a blast. We have got to keep in touch for sure!
Matzo ball soup, great birthday ending
Thanks! Me too! Will you be at the TweetUp?
Damn, that was a nice hit that stayed up too long.
Oh come on That performance was Not incredible and Flawless
And I can't wait to see your work in person soon!
#TWITTER WARNING: Dont click any DM titled: IS THIS U IN THIS BLOG? It's a spyware/phishing attempt RT
#GoodLuckAustin We know he's going to be amazing :)
if pork is the other white meat - why is sausage not white? just asking.
I swear things never work out for me.
Blueberry pancakes!! Blueberry pancakes... Hmm... Been too long!
Still not sleepin so I found some videos...the guy sounds better than he looks...and he looks damn good!!
glad you liked it...Was great seeing you at the hilltop of Malibu! Hopefully again soon...
Just saw preview of the new version of the Heritage iPad app. Very, very cool. ^TR
if memory serves, we've met some folks from your office! happy to spread the event to our members. come by again :)
I had a dance break. Thanks for the share!
Yes! They were pretty awesome!! Are you jamming to them now? haha
Railroader Magazine May | Collectible Model Trains and Toys ...
Anyone in particular?
perfect! “: Wait! i just got this!! I want to take a snowy pic with u!! lets take fun ones in denver tomorrow! #prsawdc”
do you have a connection with lil crazed :DD
Well done Hyundai. Settin the tone early for commercials
me. RT : Alright fans, who's cheering for the tonight?
I may have just Hulk Hulgan'd a shirt, inspired by
Fudge why am I never online when the boys tweet this if frustrating aghh!
Preschool Escapee Makes Solo Trek Home %7C ABC News Blogs - Yahoo%21 via
Show me that good things wait to those who wait. :D.
On Vacation in Arizona!! :). Just ate some spaghetti. YUMM!!
well wolcom back where did u go
are they good?
Never a good sign when they are playing a clip from Rocky Balboa at the ballpark
I am somebody!
I know bf thats why we should smoke lol
my dude is coming back to life!
... But, I'm uncertain that's what was actually attempting to say?
Hey! What's up in the SLC?
Around the World in 80 Shorts
ha naw i read em. If i like the tweet i rt it. No set date on album but just so u kno i got about 2 albums & a mixtape ready
Time for bed, goodnight twitter.
Got my work in this mornin' "Sports Talk w/ Devan Wade ...had my machiato..now i'm watching "Chopped" though the gym looms..damn..
And all I did was try 2 c u.......like u cried about. Months....
Twistii is looking for a celebrity hair beauty blogger
Getting myself McDonalds because I deserve it.
Pierce, with injured knee, shot nearly as many FT's (7-8) as the entire Atlanta TEAM (9-10)... make whatever you want out of that
Love that the family dog being held in the pic on the front page of today's Entree section in the Journal Sentinel is named 'Brett Favre'
so glad you enjoyed the performance! Hope to see you at more concerts this year!
YEAH!! WHAT A GAME!! MY DREAM MATCHUP COMES TRUE!! LETS GO RANGERS!!
Thx! RT need to give a shout out to Roumel, too. checked us in us & took care of us = 1000% satisfacation !
yeah. and I talked about game-ification of some #kohails processes back in July. So I know he's keen on it.
I have never seen this girl wear any other pants besides yoga pants
Wish I was at #CrossFit instead of at home with this migraine... Ugh! Swear it's work of the Devil!!! 😖😲
Seven people in known history have been hit by
M's win!
First pitch has been pushed back to 7:15pm eastern time for the #Yankees and #Orioles at Camden Yards.
oracle octopus 'messiah of football' !
Secret Coca-Cola recipe revealed? TNCNews.com click on video news
Thanks for the RT, Matthew!!
Cardinals John "Mo" really gets IT. Let's get him 4 the
I'm seriously loving 's hair. It makes me jelly.
On average, how many times do you walk your dog a week?
#dodgers catcher, trends #kershawisadouche, but isn't it also douchey to slander your teammate via twitter?
Our national flower is the concrete cloverleaf.
"Where is " begins this morning and continues all week! Don't forget to guess his secret location!
lol, I miss seeing you girl! seriously come over!
I call white ssbbws crispy cremes
dude, thats your best excuse hahaha (x
I'm coming over!
What lovely day with the family and my aunt 😊
LAPD is the most violent gang in LA. What other gang imprisons indiscriminately and indefinitely - and kills under cover of"law"?
"Can you open another register?!"
Lolz. Leinster's goal song is chelsea dagger. The canucks im with are tilting.
Nothing worse than being jobless, broke and without A/C. I wonder if employment in London is any better.
I meaannn we can only hope, right?!
I see you lookin fly for a white guy 😉
