Life isn't a garden, stop being a hoe.
Google. This one is the winner! So sveeeet!
Loving my musical directors!
"God never closes one door without opening another -- but sometimes it's hell in the hallway."
UGH! I just failed the biology test. :P
Women that have kids jus to write off on they taxes to get more money. That shit nasty..
lol it doesn't matter. She heard what she wanted to hear lol
Preparing for a long workday. Pomodoro Technique to the rescue!
Wife can't decide which one she wants, plus not sure of S / XS sizing. Can you put up a sizing chart? :-)
We're terrible people.
thank you and good luck! We will stay tuned
Brent who?
word!RT Same applies to the 30+ female age group still referring to themselves as "Barbies". You're a "Blanche".
HAZMAT Situation: Rt. 15 is closed in both directions at the post office in Palmyra due to a HAZMAT situation.
pls have a 2:30am white russian at circle bar for me.
Photo shoot today for my Bollywood dance group!
Thanks for sharing your awesome UX examples at #wwcode!
question: does anybody know of any neat/cool/interesting contemporary children's books? as a non-parent, i could use some help...
very nice. I'm sure you did the hand "hang loose" for the call me maybe part? Real original. Still love it.
how the frick I just pinged myself.
Reworking my reels right now, so it will be up shortly!
Can we just have class outside please?!
Happy 4th of July!! from & #Celebrate our
Happy Thanksgiving. Lots to be thankful for. Hoping to having more blessings next time around to be thankful for
Gotcha. Still figuring it out... But I think I'll like it.
What to do for my 21 st????? Any ideas
I need to get my life on track
Amusing morning at SAM with my 4 year old and his preschool classmates. I loved the Titus Kaphar exhibit & seeing Wyeth's Helga series.
Had a lot of moments
If you don't have time to do it right, where are you going to find the time to do it over?
howdy luv. Did you rest well?
Planning a special event? Remember, #flowers are a great way to punctuate your event. Call us today!
good morning
it's been pretty boring :( lo and yours?
fuck this snow , im walking to chipotle
I watch a lot of stuff that wouldn't be deemed manly, but I'm my own man and my drum has one beater . Dinkybeats! Lol
Just got my first Acting job check today! I love being a working actor
In fact, we use and love ourselves.
so hungry I can eat a cow :(
you're on the show!! thanks for the input.. toronto may firesale but kubina not likely to go-- howson wants a center
well we have less therapists now :(
Yeah, that would be nice, but there's not many Lolita stores in existence.But eventually Id want a job with a better salary.
I love it when my boyfriend hums on my pussy. No songs, just a hum. It feels like a vibrator while he is licking
A Valentine for my colleagues: RT : Side note: librarians are awesome. Huge overlap between a modern librarian and a data scientist.
Grotto tonight
haha whatever hombre they'll come back in the 2nd half
I miss my short hair
At a storytelling show I never expected the bathrooms at a radio station to smell so good.
. - "Dirty Ghosts? Oh, that band talked about." Me - "I knew about them BEFORE he mentioned them!!"
M, porter-y mash smell hangs heavy in the air of my house. Brewing while my water heater is replaced.
yeah I get really moody. Lol
I'll split my winnings with anyone who can capture photographic evidence of drinking. ? ?
Thankyou dear Lord for another blessed day of dreams and opportunities.
Last day of class tomorrow, then finals !
The later it gets.. The slower Twitter seems
": Our Blog is About US & OUR Clients. if you're interested in featuring your project contact us!!!" << I will be gettin wit u
When in doubt step back and look at the big picture.
the dog whisperer
I have the answer 4 your QLC! Check out stratejoy.com & the 4 gutsy girls blogging about theirs in real time! Major inspiration!
woops, right...muffins. Very chocolate-y muffins with festive decorations!
The clippers are dangerous at the end of games
I wanna put my name on it!
its so pretty out their .
How do you feel about the consumers age meeting healthcare? Patients rating Hospitals instead of companies or Gov...
That makes sense.
because simply, they can't see. They can't see the invisible ring of insanity that surrounds you when you're in love.
Thankful for a holiday we can all agree on
that's seriously crazy! I need to go there..
I thought this Criss Angel magic kit commercial was a comedy parody commercial. It wasn't.
Mars bar tonight
I can sit away from you, no worries. I'll be crashing the dugout anyway.
You finally have a Packer!
Lol this made me laugh for some reason
I wish hard cash was god's gift. He never gets me what I want.
I love followin people
RT : Northern Illinois has just landed in Mobile. That's a sure sign that the GoDaddy Bowl is right around the corner!
Chad just punched the fuck out of me. Lol
Youre very welcome RT : thank u :)
Beach Later!
"i cant sip from a bottle unless it's the top pour..otherwise i get a headache"
#zaynshipsdontlie This tag makes me so happy, hahahhah.
I tried to take it seriously as long as I could. I like the parody better. Still looking for a good card solution.
There’s Something About Bango: The Billing Company Behind Facebook, BlackBerry And Soon Amazon...
Bibimbap for breakfast? Then
Choppa under my bed,Wake up in the morning roll a blunt too clear my head.
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song ""Theraflu?" Fail or Cray?
Fucking hell... LA Fitness are texting me now. Good grief. Gyms and their marketing departments fuck me off.
Things you generally don't want to hear from your doctor: "There's an abnormality in your EKG results."
The depressing moment when a dog has prettier eyes than you....
sounds lovely!!!!!!
Backstage?? What about ON stage? We have some sick dance moves.
Thanks mom LOL!!!
hey erin are u on hallo?? if so could u please follow me on there and maybe here!! love ya
I love that feeling if people following me, makes me happy ;)
Got word today that a friend passed away. Too young, too soon, such a sad day. Prayers for the family & her 12 yo son.
The ziplocks on tortilla bags are the worst ever.
thanks. And th cover pic of March issue is fantastic.
Follow Me ((:
I'm surrounded by hipsters!!!
RT : "We have to do more with art, music, PE, recess. Our budgets reflect our values."
There's 3 sides to a story. Mine, yours and the truth.
hahaha do you eat your dessert before dinner too
don't surrender cuz you can win
Map rele ou tale *Lets pray*
Phew": Covering the CU game for the NY Times.RT : ?": I'm looking at a total rewrite on my story here"
I bet ABDC is going amazing -_- I guess i'll just watch it on youtube!
Google my name and click images and enjoy
Also might note helped make it pretty difficult to get & own guns here, making citizens & police safer.
Off to an Arts & Education board meeting..... I love when passion, drive & creativity meet - it's inspiring, amazing & beautiful!!!
I've seen it twice make sure you stay through the credits
U know I was playin lol. But for real she is pretty RT : lol..so mean! =)
I def have to remain mindful of this!
RT : Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone involved in the tragedy at the Indiana State Fair...such a sad night.
Me das follow back?
“: Damn woke up an hour earlier then i had to oops” better than an hour later!
RT : #musesocial What does it mean to curate a SM experience? is it possible? any benefits?
duddee you wont believe what happened..Next time! Hope you rocked mini!
Yea. I've been doing the same all night on Fbook. Stupid people. I swear. 15-2.. Can anyone else say that? NOPE! =)
Do you think I could start a campaign against rubbernecking?
Maybe we're on to something.. who wouldn't want to be able to shake up their developer while it fake snows?
Looking forward to #GrowCo 2011. Thanks for the invitation, !
So, uh, how do you do it?
Idk bro, I just love Big Time Rush.
Bahaha! On the PS3 is where it actually works!
aww, Disco Dan! He'd better be there again this year!
that makes sense.
Thanks for the great time at #stu3. Meet a lot of cool people. nice to see you there too!
OMFG. CHRISTIAN BEADLES JUST FOLLOWED ME . Omg.
Good looks on bringing me Marylous to work youre a gem! Thank you!
I dnt feel like talking 2 anyone...
thanks man!! I am super pumped
girls with dimples
Woodmans. A lot like la guardia airport.
can u follow me
you the bestest!
I withdraw my vote and second this.
Hm you may have convinced me, at least for tonight. But what shall we do?!
thanks. Yesterday I couldn't straighten my fingers, but thankfully I can today. It seems to get a bit better every day.
Its not a great as it sounds. 1 beer between 5pm and 5:22pm haha RT : Yeah excuse me?!
that's wat I wanna know !!
I say we have screen the dates...
aww HAPPY BELATED!! and that's how its supposed to be...besides the missing money part! But u got dem racks so u good!! Lol
RT : Doesn't any show hire American actors any more? Found out almost everyone in the cast of "Swamp People" is from England!
I remember at one point Mike Brewster was considered a first round pick. That was a long time ago. Wouldn't mind him for the packers though
i swear, evry fucking mother's day i always get pissed off.
Put your trust in the lord and go ahead. Worry gets you on place...
JJ Hardy baby. The Orioles are no joke.
Dancing Ducks Ent. launches its preschool/family-targeted multimedia educational site www.wisharoopark.com via 's cynopsis
ur truely amazing,nice,sweet&manythings!u work so hard I hope 2meet u again. Im seein u when u come 2 fl(: u need to be verified
now that's an excuse I've never heard before
Right on , that's what + #opendata is all about!
Is there a class that consists of driving around with ur windows down in the middle of the night jamming to Led Zeppelin? If so Im studying.
Just got over excited bout a movie i saw was on red box and my next thought was "Wish I could take my cat for the walk to get it" wtf #WTF!
we gotta take the stair at the house of blues ... Not about to be lookin like a
RT : Radio personality will spend 30 days volunteering at various NYC charities & documenting his experiences...
are you some kind of idiot!?! You think Dwight is even 1/4th as good as Bynum?!?! HA
IN Quotes: "We ARE what we repeatedly do." - Aristotle
Lmfao i saw! for me tyler the creator is going to marry niall lmfao
Now I feel better, #WalkerFailure #divideconquer plan to smash middle class is just his unique way of standing up for taxpayers
Happy Holidays from all of us at the Urban League!
44 ounces of mountain dew for a DOLLAR! This is just plain wrong.
stop tweeting and text me back
Ahh! can't sleep for love nor money.
i have a huge headache:/ was soo hungry and my mom saves the day by bringing home some pizza... Thank you Mom!!! lol its so yummy!!
whats going on?
Here we go.
Good morning everyone, let's grab a shot
All tied up
Because those balls cost money and you know the owners are hurting. How dare you?
Don't worry about deleting people out of your life because they pretty much do that themselves.
Tonight is one of those random tweet nights
Head of Trinity Mirror to quit
RT : Drunkenly asked a 9 year old where to find sundae hats. She escorted me.
thanks dan. we were knocked out. TFV is one of my favorites. :)
I thought I had a solo. Smh. Haha
Unbelievably nervous watching this
Then Your Missing Out!! :P
Please please please tell this doofus with the scarf and loafers that almost nobody here likes Phish.
just not when people throw things from the top of buildings...or if you need a smoke. #bittertweet ;)
Music can be a weapon in our struggle for a better world.
I love she says it like she means it and is a real #boss young girls take notes! Young, Successful and doing it!
Searching for more followers here!! ;)
Very well done! I bet you Lena is already on it! lol
You should always wear something brand new on your birthday.
Innovative working on print template enhancements
With all this travel I'm happy to report that I witness a lot more good people than bad.
Hehe! So Has your Mom Changed her mind?
HAPPY EASTER everyone have a great day.
Thanks for the follow!! We love your Hashtag Chat on Monday nights!
There's a bridal show in Melbourne Beach tomorrow at 1, if you're interested. There's coffee in it for ya ;]
doesn't say where or what it is. Seems like that could be mentioned. What is it? A secret?
Visit us today at noon as we support the for Mutter Day at the Priory. Purchase a bracelet, add a “paw” charm and...
I didn't work on that one. Last PSA I did was on cars damaged by Hurricane Katrina..being sold to unsuspecting people.
sweet! sorting in column view alone is worth the upgrade
oh does dudes wanna run 3 on 3 nad there home court
Mogwai with a slight flurry
Downloading That EP Right Now About To Take A Listen!
Told that bitch my name was Bubba, and she loved it
you gonna go see Blue Like Jazz this weekend?
What's ever happened in the past is to be forgotten cos now is the present and were to be looking forward to the future
Kingsbarns Golf Links near St Andrews to support Elizabeth Montgomerie Foundation Kingsbarns Golf Links near St Andrews to support Elizab
suck my dick while ya baby watch from his crib so I know its real
text me
RT if you want me & to release a single!
Tonight was crazy, I'm telling yall its getting bigger
Instructions and inventory import tools used by A. Del Collo available from her at
I thought you flew out yesterday. I leave this afternoon thru Chicago. I hope you make your connection!
ill be back in november... Maybe may...
Alright... Whats this Lexi chick's twitter name?
Maybe we can't do that, but we can make his life more annoying.
IM SO HAPPY TO BE IN OLIVER :)
Haha, no, but that's how I will now see my parents' house. Can you say AWESOME!?
Did you always have your father in mind for the role =
And oh the way your make up stains my pillow case It's like I'll never be the same oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
Appreciate it, we're gonna make you (more) famous now! :)
Big thanks to everyone who cam out last night! We had a blast! Hopefully there will be more from the Thieves Grotto....
Fuck everybody and they fucked up night!!!
fine my ashma has been bad today but i did amazing in volleyball(:
Congrats on the contract!
I'm honored! STEVEN LARS RT just so u know, EVERY TIME she's on and says that, just know I ALWAYS think of u LOL.
Wheres the next R&B sensation tonight?
Everything You Wanted To Know About Massage! Your questions will be answered!
I know that's a Descendants quote, but all I can think of is: Bro or Hipster? Still funny. THE SHOES!
Thank You, Melissa...You too, awesome author. Read Jealousy's Rage!
New York City is looking forward to your arrival!
Sean Putman, outside Detroit, I learned that I need to rethink my approach to things
Just watched Check Please Bay Area. So excited !
awe your so welcome my pawtastic furbuddy! :D
cool cousin's leggy
I changed my twitter name again :)
you should go! I'm goin for sure. Why you up so late??
I can!
Or use Anti-XML...
Approximately 15 hours until take off to destin... lets be in
Makes it sound as though being forced to watch the home birth tape prompted son to move out. ;-)
do you wanna work on that & the review tomorrow during 7th in mendozas? Pretty please? Ill bring you tea
i miss you peter<3
MT Someone chalked my stairs cheering for MSU! Is this high school?! Come 2Lou's City Bar to watch Badgers win with !
#imagine getting a tweet from ...
yeah , email me at and we'll tie it up
really upset about my phone..
Wow is Peralta a jerk or what? He's lucky he got out of the inning.
My whole family is an embaressment
Except trouble. <Sad trombone>
hope you're still alive.
be nicer to yourself! Stop it! Stop it right now.
Mobile, Social, Geo-local, Connected, Games, IPv6 P2P: crucial keywords for the emerging engagement procedures for smart grid customers
I hear chapel is lame right now
Is there a Ben & Jerry's near Simmons?
Marketing, marketing why do you make communicating so complicated with all of your tools...
It's a no-Rex-Hudler night. Sweet relief.
First (last?) of my sessions for the day! : "Empowering staff to take creative risks."
second cup of coffee was an incredibly bad idea. i feel like im on crack right now.
m you need to go
our love is never over. It conquers all!
I'm good
Someday this washington state #Bucs fan will join #BUCNATION in Tampa to watch #Bucs whoop ass.
thanks for the RT!
Heey, I got a new number!
15 likes and we will giveaway Angry Birds Space for the iPhone. You have till 9:30
sounds like another cookbook is in order...BTW your beer/clamato drink rocks!
You're welcome.
So jealous! I thought it was a one-meeting day but I turned my back for just a second and now there are 4!
Lol wow, that was a good game
Imma make you my bitch
did I just see you on the sideline of this game?
8 of my 10 trending topics are Whitney Houston related.
The awkward moment when you fall in love with the random guy that sat in your cubby
#perfect night :)
Several major policies have been radically changed. Including rights of blacks, polygamy, American Indian origin, evolution.
Now that the transmedia formula has been proven by Top Chef, how can that be scaled to other show on Bravo? And will it be?
I miss being at school and seeing him. Stupid doctors appointments.
I can always depend on my mama
Debating a 5k. Suggestions on a good/fun one to run besides Bastile/Brewers one?
You already know fam. I'm over here grindin' tough right now, that's why I've been laying low.
Hi! I would love it if you follow me back. Then we can join forces in the name of our common cause, to fight abuse. Tx
I can't wait to go home and sleep. Only 2 hours left!! I miss my bed
URBAN DICTIONARY: "Sh!t just got real" TRANSLATION: A situation that escalates extremely too quick.
Music is my true love <3
If you are going to SXSW.. You MUST see the "IronSky" screening at midnight on Saturday! LightWave AWESOMENESS!
Stop playing with her heart, it's getting kind of lame. Decide what you want . . . The Girl or The Game.
drank 6 nights in a row, i don't wanna go to work :/
That is wonderful! Congratulations!
twitter followed closely by instagram.
mouths a bit dry like, and when i went for a drink of water it made me feel worse!
Listen to your favorite tunes while sipping on a California vino. It's Ipod Thursday's Reserve wine bar. See u there 4:30-midnite
Log onto Tejano Music Awards.com to get your tickets to the awards show on 9/10/11
So, Elena is a vampire. #TVD cool... that means 1 thing.. she will remember everything Damon told her, she won't be compelled anymore <3
So happy I have a good man who supports me, doesnt judge me, and stays by my side thro whatever not many girls can say that :)
Don't feel like charging it while I'm watching my movie.
Well gn work in the am
You are all invited
S/o to a baller from mville . Go follow him!
Making Raspberry Vanilla Wheat Beer tomorrow! Can't wait!
We do! We will post soon!
Well Got To Goes Cuz I Needa Finish Ma Werk! LOL Peace out!
Congrats to my fmr co-founders and all the presenters. I hear #IB8 was awesome!
so like how #rockodunce feels every second he is alive?
Off to check out the undergrad exhibit w/the SAIC students
he uses logic. Apparently a crime nowadays.
The Clinic On Holly...tied for 1st Place Patients' Choice...Kosher Kush
Doing the right thing is just rough. So many people out there are used to being corrupt. Then when you speak truth you get shot for it.
Sometimes life throws u little surprises to pick u up when u least expect it to
i need a new friend to talk im so bored!!
omg totally thought that was a dm!? Haha what happened? Loll
Adventure Time cosplays
oh sick cool(;
love u more! Good night! Beliebers forever
Iconathon #NYC Tomorrow Can't Wait !?!
I keep checking to see if my new bag shipped.
HOLY MOLY. Are you serious? Deliver me this present, my friend. Oh YAY!
Lol I'm terrible. I gives no fucks.
exciting stuff! What happened today? Whatever it was, I'm sorry I missed it! :(
Me too. But no matter what, I'm proud (and relieved) we made the #SweetSixteen this year.
Happy birthday Alem! Hope all is well with you and your family!
I miss Code Lyoko. :(
Washington, DC: come for the government jobs and crappy weather, stay for the lack of even symbolic representation in Congress!
Thanks! #FF writers and book folks,
Work work work work I swear that's all I do anymore at least we can get "extra loud" on these Larry (loud ass Reggie) ass niggas
I love listening to #TalkingHeads =) even when I'm trying to read at
More Apps Viigo(for rss feeds)great! Google Maps CNN Mobile USA Today Mobile Google Mobile App Flickr And u need to get a Myspace!
love and adventure! Can't wait! Counting down the days..
Spending the day with Idaho educators discussing the Common Core Standards and Total Instructional Alignment
ZOMG, a guy from this local band that I LOVE randomly sent me a myspace message! TELLING ME I'M BEAUTIFUL!!! *swoons*
I saw that comment on the XU video! 😂😂😂
Does the Washitaw Pamunkey have any relation to the Yamassee Indians and if so how are they related? Peace.
I'll second that. He loves the gays. Maybe he will tweet us back!
Time for work :(
Three 25 year old girls came to my house "trick or treating" and asked me for money.
With getting ready for Kid Rock at #houseofblues presented by
you are an amazing female rapper I wish and aspire to be like you someday. You give me hope to continue rapping thank you! :)
I'm confused. I have a theory as to why, but I'd best not go there.
The new VLC sucks with the whole building font cache thing, takes forever every time.
you do know I'm not talking about you right, like don't assume shit.
trying for that brad Pitt stubble you know
It really was! RT : The Chrysler 300 was the poor mans Bentley for a while.
Bitch your dick is small .. ": This !!! RT I hate when I get a boner in class and my desk flips over."
#youwerecooluntil i popped ya demo in the cd player and heard some crank dat shit
couldn't get a good one of him
ALA President's Program is today at 3:30pm - DCC Theater - featuring
New styles and sizes of the popular imprinted acrylic tumblers available for your next promotion.
RT : To be clear. I believe in evolution and trust scientists on global warming. Call me crazy.
with the GF and her brother haha
Getting drunk and watching da game
#ThingsWomenWant a man with shiny shoes 👌😍
Just 6 dull hours at a computer today. Then off to a retina specialist. Such a "lovely" day ahead. Yeah, right.
Going to the #CAPS game tonight and can't wait!!
You're welcome! :)
Koch brothers and ALEX will help ole Mitt lie his way into his crap!
Thanks, Jane. I'll check them out, too.
i liked her hair due lol
#YOLO is no excuse to be a total
#edcampCincy How is (or should) homework change in the 21st century?
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
10 o'clock on a Friday night (first day of summer) and im tired!!
leaving twitter for a little while..i need to finish my wonderful homework that awaits me. :/
American Taxidermy...another twisted show from Animal Planet.
Oh, right. DUH. Well then, we'll use 33.
Guys treat women the way you want men treating your mother. "LIKE A QUEEN".
lol whatever don't you have something to do
Do not click on any Justin Beiber facebook posts. They are viruses.
Just here Listening to Music layinn down ha (:
good to hear from you...are you enjoying your summer?
every Washington wine is half-price on Wednesdays.
i miss you too boo!
Isn't that one of the coolest things! I loved it! Does MJ have a twitter account?
I was mad at the Dish network for pulling the FX network.The truth is Fox cut it off due to rate negotiations. Why do I feel like a hostage?
It's a great day to be in the music business.
fuck chasing money ii wanna make money cause chasing a few dollars aint betta den make hundreds
Home with the boys while Steph's at a shower, and somehow they're both asleep at the same time.
Dare I say it - but Oscar-worthy. Pacing was great and story was raw. If this is their roughest cut then the final will be GREAT!
"The power of prayer is incredible" --
happpyy bithdayyy!!!! Steven wanted me to tell you a couple of things so check yourr dm's!!!
Overriding the traditional methods of reaching out to the consumer body, it has been learnt that innovation earns sales.
Forgiveness is not an occasional act, it is a constant attitude. ~Martin Luther King Jr.
and aspirin always help reduce a fever. :)
y r u busy? plzz talk 2 me back remember dat i luv u!!!!!
Halloween & Christmas stuff already flooding the stores, Ugh! "Should we start trimming the tree & carving the pumpkins"?
Blake Griffin's post up is beyond garbage
To be fair, the stakes in OKC tonight were higher than any in MKE since they played Philly in '01. Still, #thunder crowd was nuts.
you can stick it out til then, and you'll still have the rest of the summer to sunbathe in your yard naked
It will be ok just hang in there.
Dodgers catcher A.J. Ellis went 2 for 4 with 1 HR and 4 RBIs against the Rockies.
ALMOST left the apt without my running shoes in my gym bag. That would've been cool. 5 days til the 1/2!
I've known #Badger hockey senior Eric Springer since he was a toddler. Nice interview with him on #FSN during intermission :-)
WORK WORK WORK #WORK LOL
Swear I gots the whiplash
I KNOW, right?! They wouldn't let me have mine either. :(
boom! forgot about the gym
If you actually think its a good film, there's a chance you're brain dead
haha looks like someone forgot to pay their cell phone bill. Jams at 730 pal
you should def. stop by I'll be starting at 8:00 tomorrow
Madison square park is full of Ucb people today
presale code for Manchester NH please
Just tried putting the cereal box in the fridge..
i love being me. (cont)
Writing, Reading, Writing, and Reading.
thanks for the surveys.
Smithsonian Natural History Museum has a great exhibit on the social construction of race.
PickUpLine: Are you cold? Let me be your electric blanket. Just plug me in and I'll make you feel nice and toasty inside and out.
S/O to for doing i106 daily VO yelling out all kinds of station ids ....... U crazy man!
everyone help us get some more followers! We will donate for each follower to the American Cancer Society! We are #truebeliebers!
I m not to keen on prom cause I think in going to look like a mess in a dress
RT : Tweet us your questions and they'll go to and our panelists.
Imagine my surprise when I found out that we had both audio recorder and video camera at the ready for the show!
Calm and collective, violence is rare.
my job is here !!!! Lol I'm 60 miles from downtown chicago....
See you in 24 hours son!
#TheAvengers is certified awesome!! Filled w/action & humor. The ingredients of a perfect action flick. 👍👍👍😉
RT '' Your shooting a new movie after Empire State?'' So true!.. Still negociating with that but it'll be rad <3
A favorite quote: "He who has hope has everything." - Arabian Proverb
Bourdain's 100th episode suggests that Parisian dining is turning all Brooklyn hipster bistro. Lucky for me, Bklyn's 2 subway stops away.
Michael Jackson VS Elvis Presley who better? (I LOVE Michael Jackson,MJ FOREVER but they are both good)
"can we all do this again so it looks like i have friends" but seriously......
At Freedom Fest at Sandhill. About 100 booths out here...including mine. Come out if ur in Columbia. Fireworks tonight. I'm close to Moe's.
Painting my front porch this weekend. Ceiling navy blue, trim kelly green, walls off white, & checkerboard floor.
At the Reader, we are the 95 percent.
Just my luck to get sick on a 3day weekend
too bad I don't live in Mystic Falls, you and I could be buddies!!! xD
In the coming years, I'll be comparing the careers of Nick Perry and Courtney Upshaw VERY closely.
Happiness is a way to travel, not a destination. ~Roy Goodman
“: Got my fitted on just the way you like it... ”// looked good too ;)
So excited to do UNSEEN GUEST launch event at on the book's pub day. Tues, March 27th at 4 PM, Montclair NJ. Save the date!
hey wats up?
I never been on a plane before
itold you not to give up 
Getting in shape!
Responded to FIRE @ 1461 Commonwealth Ave, Bronx, NY 10460 and helped 3 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
You will find a girl prettier than me, smarter than me, and funnier than me, but you will never find a girl just like me!
deadbeat darling loves you...
An increase in the cigarette tax to $1.01 kicks in today! Govt. says it will help people quit and bring in revenue. What do you think?
mm okay
oh yeah! Can't wait to try some!
I miss when Austin actually wore his puka necklace.
Dog groomer RT : who is cutting Metta's hair?
As the temps climb into the 90's I'm getting ready for my first leg. 10.4 miles in my #Kinvara3's.
National Taco Day bitchezzzzzz
Watching Atlanta's halfcourt offense is like watching paint dry except paint drying is a bit more organized and predictable.
Party city!
as much as i hate the way you live your life through the internet, i may need you to teach me how to do this
watching Tosh haha. Do u still watch that...
Here's another spy word. Unscramble it and reply or DM your answer. If you're right, I'll DM you the password to #CovertTU! Word: YEDOC
thanks so much for the retweet about the scholarship program! www.DistinguishedYW.org! I hope some teens saw it!
Hieber's welcomes Prince of India restaurant for Taste of Oakland event 5/14/11. www.onlyinoakland.org - stop by for a taste!
I know it's too late now but I wish I could go back in time, start all over somehow and get it right from the start... find your way back
nothing matters but the weekend from a Tuesday point of view
Thounder and rain. where did my sun go?! Right
It seems to be all about terroir these past few days--class lectures, student papers & public talks.
Cover contest details have been posted. Who's gonna win?
Next week is a little tough but how about the following week? Fairly open, I think!
The Biblical understanding is that no institution exists as an end in itself, but only to serve the common good. -Walter Wink
....Damn this founding of America crap. Columbus day we should celebrate good vino, pasta, pizza, and tiramisu! Who's down?
He is my Rock
Is there anything I'm doin Brand New...
Contact me!
you're going to see him?
I hate doing papers!
Fact check whether Fidel Castro is going to meet his maker or go to "another place"
You need a front massage
A diving catch to end the inning by EJ.
Here we go
Sluts these days..
We would love to see all of you at a game!
July 2011 has 5 Fridays, 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays, this happens every 825 years
L&S Career Services are here tonight from 5-7pm to give résumé & cover letter advice. Put your best foot forward for summer internships, etc
When is the Airing of Grievances? RT FYI there will be $2 Fish sandwiches at The Q during Monsters game 2night for Lent!
How's the game from the outside?
im in !! haha followed :D
Jethro Tull hell yea rock my world
Black Venti, please. Cheers!
If you up follow me on instagram
doing well, cheers!
Back home from kicking it with moms. Love spending time with my moms
3 day weekend = •Sleep •Mall •Chill with mah bros
Let's do one up and see if we mesh. Can you DM me your email?
Love it! It's adorable :)
on the bus with jadie! :)
It is weird how this day just vanished out from under me. Still, I did get to see a couple dudes get ordained as priests. That was a thing.
We're at the scrap yard with another 8 TONS!! that is 8 tons diverted from the dump!!
I hear you, one good thing about fall is that I can break out the crock pot again.
I really love what you are doing in Guatemala. Keep up the great work, and I look forward to seeing "Becoming Fools"
Two Jews Walk Into A War... has EXTENDED to March 27th. Do you have your tickets? 816-531-PLAY or www.unicorntheatre.org
Could you like only have the right to vote once for Austin?!
lol yea how were the police
OK, I'm now following you on Twitter. Do I still get a shirtless pic?
Let's say I wanted to get into Avengers, or Spider-Man, or Batman, or Thor - there's no easy way to know where to start.
Sure, we'll swap this time
Happy birthday to one of my idols the beautiful miss Janet Jackson! :)
what if you run half of that? What do I get for that?
now that's funny! Glenn, the worlds oldest living student
toasted bread sucks
Ash from the Soufriere is making all of us very sick in PR!!
Join & I as we spin live tonight at NYC's famed Webster Hall from 11-2am. Can't make it there? Hear it live on !
christa you're more HIS bitch..he's not yours..
99% of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses. -George Washington Carver
Great crowd today in Miami Beach. Keynote revealed amazing technology for the future of communications. Thanks, August!
Thanks to everyone who came out for likemind in Chicago - see you and everyone else next month on July 17!
Every day is Valentine's Day
my b day is january 13
I'm so stuffed up my mom can't even understand me /:
"It has been said that, at its best, preservation engages the past in a conversation with the present over a mutual concern for the future."
Man I hate when lame niggers think they got
La la land
'cause your idiot sister did so you thought it was a good idea?
#bbt2010. Is loving the panel on social media right now.
You know something? I hate dearly missing someone and not being able to tell them that you're not the same without them.
sounds great Love that combo!
The presentation went well. You should have been there. It was fun.
Sherlock Homes: Chip Wrecked - A bunch of overly cute chipmunks take a cruise on the Titanic and solve mysteries with Robert Downey Jr.
trying to get rid of her/him?
RT I just tried to kill a spider with hairspray. He's still alive, but his hair looks outstanding.
I remember seeing a facebook post by , I think, talking about how men are rarely defined by women in book titles, etc
Lol.....lots of loads.
I'm trying to determine just hoe they figured this out. :-)
RT rt if you've finally perfected your human guise & can walk among them undetected
Hech yess!!!! I could never imagine you without it!
oh yes please =)
we are waiting outside! You should come!
Things are looking good!
Ur just asking for trouble...RT : Five Guys & Chinese = Yes Please!
I would love to host the Johnsonville House Party
Everyone should check out and hear him sing.
Xmas Tweets: Dad now describing how he's going to die sliding down in the shower from a heart attack. Merry Christmas!
THANK YOU. RT : Getting upset because a lead singer cuts his hair shows clearly you're not in it for the music
I reconcile in the spirit of forgiveness and morons recant and fight their own confusion.
U don't have to despise "traditional" marriage to support same sex marriage. I'm straight but want my gay friends to be happy.
A Retweet For A Rice Crispy Lmao
Lilly's killed tonight! Tons of great players, DJ , AND a freestyle battle between saeed and maurice brown...yea.
Laying in bed.
The Stretch Run: looking at education bills in the Legislature ...
lead to bad consequences. This thought can be also shared, so others would not repeat.
Just had lunch in Auckland with two New Zealand triathlon legends: Hamish Carter and Rick Wells.
No matter how fast you run, Michael Myers will walk faster.
Also many memories of being the only girl in math or science classes in high school and college. Always having to "prove".
I tell people this all the time, If you don't want your feelings hurt stop tweet watching & get a new hobby.
I'm at Breakfast Wednesday
Can't believe Aramis Ramirez already gets a bobblehead this season. How about a team leader...like Rickie Weeks...
...and WE can't wait until works her magic here at the April 5th Women in Media event!
May 4. Save the date we ARE going to see it. no excuses.
lives on the cutting edge of the digital library, try to keep up with her our virtual summit.
I 84 eastbound is moving five miles an hour
wats the secret
Breakfast from mcdonalds sounds too bomb right now :D
I said a hip, hop|Hippie to the hippie|The hip, hip a hop, and you don’t stop, a rock it|To the bang bang boogie, say, up jump the boogie
RT to win $50 gift card to
no! my search can't go down when i'm supposed to leave.... no!
good morning! :)
Just left Florida Memorial University. Very impressed by some of the young brothers I met here.
I like their outfits
Why am i in Glendale??
Mitt Romney not sure why people listen to him or look as his record. Just vote for him.
You serious Flynn? FAR more embarrassing moments...
Toyotism-->capitalizing on customization. Seen in almost every industry. no more assembly line. so long Fordism.
Happy Sunday everyone! Our double punch drink is a "like-a-virgin," see y'all soon!
Feel sorry for him for being ignorant. You're good.
I can hear i sayin that hahahahaha RT : They lick fingers suck toes all tht shit
I luv how Obama can change his stance on an issue n its calld n evolution but if ne1 else changes a stance on ne topic its calld flipfloppin
Life’s like a bird, it’s pretty cute until it shits on your head.
Success is just failing at failing.
"Happy Mothers Day"!!! Who run the world? #Girls!
you SR are just amazingly Wonderful funy most atractive guy LOVE YOU ;D
#Icant wit these dry nappy hair cuts
the video of him from the teen vogue shoot
Dream what you want to dream, be what you want to be, because you have only one life and one chance to do all the things you want to do ♥♥
sorry to bother you, but were you able to find out about my script?
I had too much cuban coffee this morning
Feel better, Yuvi!! WE LOVE YOU!!! XOXO
I can't believe Madge has twitter. Movin' on up, momma!
Whats good loves... Headin to wk.. Come get at us.... STARTERS FAIRLANE PEOPLE!!!!!!
I'm Jill. I work as an temp academic reference librarian in NC while looking for a permanent position.
And that is why io9 is the only Gawker site worth paying attention to.
But don't worry. There are other, better ways you are special. :)
The tech boom is back. Yelp shares closed 64% up from its IPO price. Facebook is on the horizon
“: I want a country boy #notredneckthough” zilly
blogged: Think Big Baltimore #tbb 2day, check it out! kudos to all of the speakers including , , and
Rosendale notorius for that. The gas stations sell t-shirts with a cop car outline and the slogan: "Rosendale: It's the ticket!"
Not looking so awesome now...
What a gorgeous day to be downtown in Milwaukee! Stop into Watts to see our new collections or have a glass of iced tea.
I'm here babe<3
More people would learn from their mistakes if they weren’t so busy denying them.
One day, we'er gonna look back on these tweets and these times and laugh, and it will be a humbling experience for both of us...
can you follow me plz
I've seen New Moon 2 times!
I want Syracuse 2 kick rocks!!!
Pretty bad day today .
At insomnia cafe seeking inspiration for sketches...
here I am. GO CARDS!!
y'all are awesome! Will do.
At Harvard Law School in Boston for the DPLA meeting. Interesting to see a community trying to build a new "platform" :-) Fun :-)
Nearing the end of National Poetry Month. I highly recommend Matthew Henriksen's Ordinary Sun. Lovely, haunting, surreal.
KG getting that second wind.
WHAT ARE YOU REFFERRING TO?
thanks bro
Come on Dallas let's beat the lakers 4-0
that's because my is a trooper. Besides, she wouldn't have done a schizophrenic Beyonce impersonation.
watching star wars with the roommies..hoping for a snow day tomorrow!!
girl i agree
I missed my 10k tweet but fuck it
awesome stuff!
I want to marry a man like Landon from A Walk To Remember
Good morrow!
lmao well send me some :D
Love the city lights reflecting through the rain on my window
yes. She's done this since she was a pup! It's crazy!
Nothing beats Oxford with nice weather
it says march 28
how do i do that?
I miss you too Tina girl..how you been?? RT : I miss
who? ya mama?
If NM means "not much" to you... We're not friends. IT'S NICKI MINAJ.
yep -- our stopped working after last big upgrade. As says, believe it had to do w/db structure.
GREAT SUN SHINING
what's the source of racial tension n #BloomingdaleDC? Some constituents are surprised that there's any. Others suspect K
I have never spammed in my life... ;=)
Yes baby I am Marvin Gaye's sister.. Ty, may God Bless You <Zee>
ahem of course one of them is you (;
Which is btr? not having a dad when u grew up, or knowing u hav a dad, b he prety much neglects u.
Sorry didnt tweet alot yesterday I was at my friends birthday party becuz uh kno im a good person... sort of all I did was trip a little kid
prozac inducing nerves is a sign of a true fan. Keep it real.
The Working Hour Loves Brunch!!!
Thanks Austin for a great start to our first groupon offering!!!! There is still time to purchase and save LOTS!!!!
And the Monster Raving Loony Party, for good measure. MT I demand a response from the Dixiecrats. And the Whig party...
Hey I just met you an this is crazy but here's my number so #callmemaybe haha love that song
Tailgate is in the blue lot.
Leave it to Pandora and a coworker's shitty taste in music to remind me Evanescence ever existed.
overheard: "we are at 105 employees, I started getting serious like 5 minutes ago...."
Glad to hear it! I haven't read ALVIN HO books but I've read they are great
my friend is a b.a.n so sad...
But if you do look at Yahoo's, notice that they put the Oakland #Raiders logo instead of
Where were you?
Good job on the call of the Badger game today despite the loss.
i know you can post images and tag a price to it, so i want to start using it as a way to link back to my #etsy shop & website
I think I'm almost to the point of emotional breakdown.
Ctfu , we really singing " mooovee get out the way " while traffic .. ^ ___ ^
If you're in Chicago and get picked up by the cops, be it NATO or whatever, DM me.
We've heard that concern a lot, happy to discuss it further offline, if you're ever available. Thanks for your support!
Rainbow lollipop all the way! :D
First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings - MarketWatch (press release)
Just beat in a serious game of ping pong
If speaking and - perhaps more important - listening skills are valuable, I don't know a better way than an interview....
Trying very hard not to be sad that Doctor Who is filming by the Brooklyn bridge today and I'm not there to see it.
ok I'm sorry. You got it boo thang!
It's pretty amazing, I know.
I really don't think Ima be able to sleep before work -_-
And dare I say Rihanna's bad roots and Flashdance-esque perm looks kind of FRESH?
Socially awkward people. <<<<<<
Hi, where does a girl go to listen to your music?
incredible! Do have other videos like that?
I realized that you have to put yourself first all the time because no one else will....
Red velvet cupcakes! :D just finished baking them secs ago <3 I like baking, I really do c:
i cant tonight D: sorry
What a glorious Sunday to be...inside, editing my thesis.
"I have a dream, and dr.king wouldn't be proud of me...i wanna enslave the whole planet, and make them bow to me"
Tarpon Trivia Tuesday ~ Do you have a favorite place to watch the Sunset in Tarpon Springs?
"I STAY WITH MY HEAD TO THE SKY, CONDOR WINGSPAN....I'M SO FLY!!!"
convos with Kali on the way home >>>
Out shopping today for another handgun!! Listening to some music as I ponder the possibilities !!
Salted should be going late
for my followers I charge $100 per look a la carte.
Damn it's cold today, what happened to Spring in Seattle?
Good work!
Hey, YOU! Do something useful with your 140 characters... type #beatcancer and that's all it takes. Let's beat it in the face.
Let the pre wedding workouts begin!
did u realize its Friday the 13th!?
Keep following #GiveGlobal12 to stay up to date w/ The Conference today :) Lot's of talk about how to engage the
If y'all don't hear from me any more it's cuz I OD'd on these gummy bear vitamins
Felton also said he'll miss Memphis game to attend uncle's funeral. Plans to rejoin team for Spurs & Jazz road games next week.
Is it true tht Lil Wayne is dead?!?!?!?!
Passed 3 guys in their 20's each lugging a 30-pack of Keystone :) Enjoy your youth. Life eventually becomes more complicated.
Happy Birthday from CW20! New One Tree Hill tomorrow at 8 on CW20!!
WWF Sunday Night Heat > Miami Heat
Austin loves his Mahomies. I'm a Mahomie. Therefore, he loves me. dasswhassup.
hey!!! Congrats on Mellon!! Fabulous news!!
it was an early night for the boy last night bra...Had to work today
I'm robbing your house!
“: Newt is killing It! He's leagues above the other 3! #romney #santorum #ronpaul #newt #palin #cnndebate”
Is every murder a monk commits, premeditated?
Thank you , it's a well-known fact: Free cookies are the best cookies.
when you write #FF to each other do you mean Fact Finding or Face [-to- implied] Face?
Great talk on innovation by Clorox #CIO at SanFran conference today,
knock off kool aid still got flavor. it's all in the sugar & wrist action.
Ppl have trouble taking pleasure in things animals do. Sex and food. Not in WI!
Love sugar bees
Barney Frank pointed out women's job losses during Obama are the result of GOP-led downsizing of teachers, government.
doing homework 0: its easy but boring
appreciate that miss lady.
Sorry Charanga Habanera. Less than a 60 minute set don't cut it..."En la Yuma."Despierta Cuba, tour manager and venue. Muy malo
50DAYS TILL 'MINDLESS BEHAVIOR' CONCERT .. SO EXCITED
Great conference at Oregon Mentors today, especially Matt Schulte from
unfortunately no. Not into UFC
lesson of the day : Don't sneeze while peeing.
Usually when I say "I don't care" or act like i don't, there's like an 90% chance that's a lie.
I love you ♥18
Gonna bake myself a cake with my bay and eat it all day long..muhuhaaha!
I remember those I wish they could come back so I can go to San diego and watch Rodgers kill the chargers this year
Who's going to explain to policy makers that you don't need to spend $80M to build a custom data system? CC
Twinkle twinkle little star how I wonder what you are... This girl makes lunch so much better
Great way to end the year:-) Big Fan, nod to
“: Thanks to our sponsors ! We appreciate your support! - Glad to be a part!
What are the chances David Stern even lets the Nuggets compete tonight, never mind win? 10000:1?
sleep well Mr. President! Job well done! thanks for all you do
StoryCorps markw stories on scale for "reproducibility for radio." Is there a way to predict this rating based on wave data
most definitely. I also have Spotify Mobile.
not well at all :-( haven't found anyone, might have to go ahead and not have percussion at my set.
We need your data! Take a photo of your badge today so we can visualize attendees expertise/experience this year
RT : Why is Tim McCarver still on television? >Good question. I find him extremely annoying
Happy day of birth! You earned this!
"I think my favoritest thing about food is the taste. I love food." -Me, in a fit of hunger
ni me digas el primer round ya paso
Should be no charge for the migration. Is the site you have hosted w/us the same listed on twitter? That one loads for me ^CH
Choose to participate in your life, because it will always refuse to stand still even if you are.
Things you don't hear people say anymore... Let me go get my beanbag.
Thanks have an amazing weekend yall!RT:
Barbara Martinez found me, she is a pro!
congratulations on making the Billboard 2012 Power 100 in the music industry
SICK SEASON
A childhood legend has been lost, rest in peace Maurice Sendak. Hope you're Where The Wild Things Are
hadnt had a chance to rave yet but u nerds know how to party! Seriously, awesome job, next year i'll try to get ladies
1 more day then here I come, FrightmareWeekend!!
Booty call maybe?? RT I wonder why she calls me out of all people at 3:00 AM...
Whew! Spent all weekend on presents, wrapping and cards. 95% done with it all!
Hey #SanDiego — What do you want to know about your Port — Money? Safety? Politics? Let me know.
Grab your crew I'll grab my crew we can rendezvous around 2 but 1st #MVP at the door lets rage
yes indeed Grown Folks Music lol# random
Not feeling to good right now
no love for Android?
Cause you gotta emphasise the B and drag out the I just to piss em off
I now know what my mother meant when she used to say sometimes: "it's a Barnum and Bailey world". We live in a circus atmosphere.
John boy... JOHN BOY
it's not bad to have just a few friends. It's easier to focus on the ones that matter :)
Please tell me that this is sarcasm!
Goodnight beautiful people :-) ( minus that one ugly bytch that wont stop followin me ) lol
It's not humanly possible for someone to tell you they have "Mambo #5" stuck in their head & then for you NOT to get it stuck in your head.
Booked a new headshot session for next week! Becoming unstoppable...!!!
That awesome moment when you're thinking "I'd love a massage" & someone comes up behind you & gives you a massage in the hallway <3
Alert | DANE Co | Crash | US 12 EB | Old Sauk Road | All Lanes Blocked (One Direction) | 511wi.gov.
In such a good mood right now. I just wanna give everybody in the world a hug :-))
believe it! I saw it first hand. ;-)
WOW! Black Angus Burger w/ Blue Cheese & Maple Smoked Bacon... One of the BEST burgers that I've ever had!
#ChefChiarello I'm really surprised. Sorry to see you go. I've been watching your shows for years. Always makes me extremely hungry.
Its the other Miami - in Ohio RT : Is something going on with the U's football team?
thnx! will check it out!
Congratulations to Raman & Marlene on their upcoming #wedding in #Miami. We look forward to hosting you and your families this weekend.
Hello Friday! I've been looking forward to seeing you all week:)
Thank you! Likewise.
forreal though right. take a shit dawg take a shit. lul i must talk to you in private tho.
We're a producing company. I'd like to invite you to follow our page!
Did Paul Ryan's hair take PEDs? No way that's all natural.
Bryce Harper has more home runs than pujols
Mom doesn't appreciate my narration as she attempts to parrallel park. She said something about me & an ass.
7 days until our SURGE info session with !
practice :P ...feel lik ccrap....not feeelin school tomorrow :]
PowerPoint is playing a big role in my night in a social way....what??? Srsly?
Hahahaha! Get off me !! RT : If wants to continue being my friend he needs to step his Gucci Game up! Lmfao
Dont look like antelope. Ah ha moment- Let's not talk about technology, but something with a name.
A4 My little pillow that I sleep with on the plane ....
Quick, post it on our twumbposterpressbook!
bills play patriots after their bye again? It must be a running joke at the league office
Yep RT : Ok I retweet u and u gain 20 more followers. So is that gon boost yo life and blow u up to stardome?
Twitter allows you to connect with your customers.
sweden , scandinavia , usa , england
Have a office of 15 or more? Call Kristi at 202- 296- 6500 for extended happy hour prices! ANY DAY OF THE WEEK!
A HUGE congrats to for winning awards (via )
SO PROUD OF MY BFF! Almost through with Physical Therapy grad school!! RT: On my way to my last class ever!!!!!! Whoa!!!
Somethings require Instructions this includes people
OMG i feel like i died, i had so much to study.Havent been on twitter for 10 days!
#ImTheTypeOfGirlfriend What...? What kind of fucking trend is that?
I think it's really hard but not impossible, having something to move to definitely helps a lot though. It's tough man :/
Why tf is she bitching at me
Working the registration desk & looking forward to the #altchi Physical Love session at 4:30
One of the best Happy Hours few blocks from Union Station! --> try their tasty specials & reinvented Classic Cocktails.
Craving fish and chips again!! I had it last night at the Hawthorne Fish House but they weren't as good as Burgerville's
sometimes when i feel sad, i listen to slow songs, and i start thinking too much -___-
Nice job, sir. Well done.
I eat at least 10 gfree bagels a week. I feel ya
turn that frown upside down :)
Never let your ears witness what your eyes didn’t see. Never let your mouth speak what your heart doesn’t feel.
“: Sitting in the Place des Vosges using the free WiFi. Both are heaven.” wow, I'm there. One of my favorite places on earth.
On the drive home last night, it happened: Mandy Moore's "Crush".
and u will. Print your book i send you list of agencies
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there!
I wish we can collab sometime
Jimmy Neutron??!
Love it! QR codes are a great disappointment
Turpin/Anderson tailgate tomorrow at 5pm at Turpin. Join us.
Where are you training? Have a Blast!
gonna get 's hair tom..haha....i really idolize Christina Grimmie!
open, public collaboration also assumes reusability. I can use others' libraries / code, rarely their designs.
here's to the rockets that came out of hibernation today on campus
Take a poop and bake a cake.
Study as if you were going to live forever; live as if you were going to die tomorrow
., like studying for econ?
Survived attack of the coffee straw, makes it a great
Then you should come visit your former home!!
Actually, Twitter, those people are not similar to me. They are all boys. I am a girl. Big difference.
Nice--I did sit ups and jumping jacks to them. Very exercise-condusive rhthym!
Bobby Brown and his P.R coming out swinging that he did not lead Whitney on the path to death.
In chicago
Brilliant Daddy! I'd say - how much free time did that give you?
it's a great day to #BeOrange!
Man!! That would be so sweet!!! Truly a dynasty...
Tell the little ones good luck and learn as much as possible cause it will get easier...
The starting point of protection of our work starts with the education of our artists - Creative industries
ha ha, great minds....
when I grow up - I want to be a grumpy old hermit so that everyone will leave me alone! (not really!)
If Cupid saw his shadow this morning that means the divorce rate will rise to 60%, right?
It's about time you got down from that roof bro. Trying to sleep.
If you can't say anything positive, crawl back in the bed until you can! Trust me, the world will appreciate that this morning! Grrh!
Quit acting like fan and start being a friend u know who you are
"This is where she wants 2 B. I am what she want 2 c. I've never known a love so sweet. Still I keep Vikki waiting."
Cal just said that the #roadron #sportingkc is winning the fan presence...
I'm having the time of my life over here!
Google Robert Seth Hayes & learn how to support his release. His con't. imprisonment is a violation of the law, human rights, & God's la ...
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up. ~ Jesse Jackson
I'm running on less than 6 hours of sleep. I'm so tired, have to make sure I take a nap at some point.
Oh I figured, I was just piling on.
is one fine mama. Marry me? Lol
Take their order, and charge the pizza shop a commission to relay it to them. Or say "Sorry, we're closed." Or "nopizza4u!"
Told myself that I would study for the AP BC Calc exam some more tonight. Guess what I haven't done... Rhymes with "buddy"...
Stop in and get your last minute gifts for a whoppin 50% OFF! We are only open for another 2 hours! HURRY UP AND BUY!
I think it's time for The Rockford Files theme to make a comeback.
": "If we are bound to forgive an enemy, we are not bound to trust him.""
Prefinished Brazilian Cherry solid or engineered 5" - Add the timeless beauty of hardwood floors.
We just bought a house
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If they don't, you know where you stand.
Something told me not to go to cold stone.. I saw the line and decided to still go in.. I almost did until I seen he who shall not be named
wisdom teeth recovery update: numbness gone. lunch was puréed Trader Joes macaroni and cheese, dinner is--yet again-- mashed potatoes.
Hahaha totally. And my facial expression is too funny. I had to use this one.
Would you please take 2 or 3 minutes out if your day to clarify that statement?
u sure can
I think is hangin' with his parental units.
Bad first day of the month but it all good
and what's better is isn't responding...looks like I may have 12 sites or more to move today. Thinking of
Hello to our new followers :) We're following you back!!
I don't really care if I talk a lot sometimes, it's just sometimes. I need to listen too
Congrats! Hope I get to see it on video. I'm contemplating submitting one for EyeO but have never given one before.
Just had a 9 yr. old boy explain history of Reconstruction. Taught me a few things. Take that Eric Foner.
I was so busy tweeting I didnt look at the time so I might be late for the check in time. Fail oh well yolo
You're right.
At the NYC Google Reboot
NO. CLUE.
yikes. thank you.
arn't we already worried about making super bateria/viruses? Maybe make it madnatory to stay away longer if they get sick.
Attending screening of "Happy" as part of Environ Film Festival at Atlas on H St. Guarantee we are only Republicans here cc:
Last day of work for the year. Boom!
ooh. I'm sorry.
i work at the concert promoter that is putting on your portland show... ill probably see you there.
top gun is a awesome movie
God why is always drinking starbucks or bobba?
Sex is like snow; you never know how many inches you are going to get or how long it is going to last.
The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose. Cowper, William
me too! Bc even last night was a bit heartbreaking!
ball so hard
I love it!!! You really got creative ;) haha.
Atlantic City's Boardwalk Ambassadors get overhaul with bigger budget, more ... - Press of Atlantic City
Wish I had a little bro to turn into a boss
What is with this "imperfection" and "Human Frailty" I seem to be so good at?
Also the world is lacking role models
So excited for the #SuperBowl!! Let's go Patriots! 🏈
Most of the time I get really sentimental hen my husband goes out of town but not this time...
good morning Austin , from your friendly Johnson jags (; hope you see this .(: ❤ we're getting ready for #school -_________-
Always invited. Hope you're doing well
Made this long trip to work @ the Skokie base and my partner not here. I know he better show his ass up
#WhenIWasYounger I didnt know who was... :O
I'm thinking about getting a Youtube channel.
I was at the store last night. I didn't see where it said for women Only. O_O
a future. Where others have to entertain the reality that they will not eat for the rest of the week, will not have a place to lay their
Make me laugh Will. I really need it right now. Why does caring have to hurt sometimes?
Im to nice
Thanks for spreading the word with your RT.
My new moto is for my Paralegal career is "Take a Bite out of Justice" courtesy of Crisco Kidd....lol
goin to bed! night guys!!
Cisco Announces Intent to Acquire Truviso
"The problem w/ trouble-shooting is that sometimes trouble shoots back." --My default answer if I were an IT guy.
I just read your columns on oktc. I'll be reading and may send a question or two.
RT : Ron Paul wants States to handle their own disaster relief. That's like asking a burn victim to also put out the fire.
#ILJB means that i ♥ justin bieber and the jobros lmao
Don't understand why these meetings were not held before. Imp. community buy-in completely ignored.
kam did you tap out?
Tell Him That's Grit & I'm Proud Of Him...He'll Get It
thank you so much for ~The Daily Oracle~ tweet! You are wonderful!!!
I am w/ u! Diaz RT : you kno it! I got diaz RT “: cannot wait!!! Going to be a great card.”
You're welcome! :) Which library are you at?
Let me know what you find out. I hate promising LinkedIn groups that are filled with spam. It is such a missed opportunity.
mane im to bored right now....ugh need some to do
hahaha you're an idiot. #butiloveyou :)
Dog owners make less visits to a doctor(kangaroo owners do not).They also have better post heart attack survival:: //ow.ly/9LPMM
its poplin for real man.. I love it
Mylanta, really?! When does #finfit go live?
I need more guy friends. Im sick of girls.
please follow she is you biggest fan!89
ha, is that a joke or are you actually asking? Feb 5
let's put it together
A Napoleon Dynamite TV series?! Are we ready for this?
#JDaddyFact Justin Bieber is 5'7 RT if you're smaller than him
J.D. Salinger, author of "The Catcher in the Rye" has died at the age of 91.
Gotta go up ta Macy's tmrw mornin at 10:15 ta fill out some papers
Russell Wilson *can* win starting gig in Seattle. Not totally sold on Matt Flynn. RW is in run-heavy system similar to Wisconsin's offense.
And good morning to you kind sir. RT : Morning Patriots
I am so not ready to be awake yet.
N i can't stop her n ion really care
Happy birthday to Shane! Sophia xo (I can't believe he's 25 already! Wow!)
awe thanks sweetie! :)
#CERAWEEK social networks work against Iran says kissinger
#AmySedaris in #Dallas at the #Kessler on April 19!
JUST RT ALL NIGHT..
Okay. Assuming you're not staying at the Donovan House Hotel in DC?
We love that you wore Canyon Group chenille robes on every season of The Nanny! See your pix on our Hall of Fame page!
Hey, at salute having a great time? Yes me too. This is the spot for Mondays. 50% off in all wine bottles!
In Chicago rooting for my team to lose.
ew whats with these creeps messaging me on facebook
What u xpect, they're Yankees of NBA. RT @ yelloboy32 Kobe's extension, $83.5M with a no trade clause.....yeah, he's a Laker for LIFE.
Alright JV game almost over time for Varsity! Let's do this Buckeyes!
Good to see the Occupy movement back in the main stream media. This fall it will be Occupy Government time in DC
im so excited!!:) falling in reverse concert in 2 days<3
Yes. I cannot wait.
Finish packing, say bye to boyfriend, then I'm #TampaBound. :)
oh lordy goodness...that might just be a little wierd that someone is your online peeping tom!
should be in DC soon!
That's my girl
New Mouse on Mars album is brilliant.
Our selection for "Best Food & Drinks in SE Portland" is The Observatory Restaurant. Amazing job Kate & Todd have done!
Horrible day
"I love you Selena, my little sister I never had" - on her acceptance speech for "Artist of the Year" at 2011 AMAs.
The interweb is super slow today.
One good thing about Alzheimer's is you meet new people every day
Brizzly is shutting down?!
The ending to last night's game was one of the strangest I've ever seen. Incredible shots by KG and Ray Allen.
Perfect Spring day. =)
Austin, Texas can you hear me ?
Does what's happening in #egypt remind anyone else of Cory 's "For the Win"?
Cuddles & a film with jord! Such a tired little lady! Nanitee x
Special Shout out to for helping boost my twitter followers! xoxoxo
What is it called when a redhead has bleeding gums? Gingervitis.
“: Stop acting like the devil if you're going to call yourself a Christian.”
All Tickets can be purchased onsite for Flash on Tap. Online registration has ended.
I want to go to the aquarium.
#youknowilikeyou when i offer to take you to a fancy dinner like mcdonalds on the first date.
Anxious to get home, exercise, and complete Relief Society tasks so I can then watch Once Upon a Time!
The sad paradox of student life: learning need - does not allow laziness, sleep, lie down - conscience. Sit eat.
Happy Valentines Day to everybody
Is the crowd chanting "get your a$$ up"?
i know but, im new to all this liking boys and girls. I didnt mean to offend you.
It's funny, I upgraded to 16GB and my menumeters now says I sit at aroute 11.5GB used, 5GB avail--all Chrome tabs :)
I hope someone took a screenshot of his name trending. Patrimony for his progeny!
Guys that fight over who has a hotter mom <<<<<<<<<
#LUCCampusSecurity, I love you.
Out. Flatted utg open with 1010 and button called. Flop 965 two clubs. I bet/call and lose vs 66. Shoulda 3b pre maybe but had a weird table
Goal of the Day: Hold the door, carry something heavy, buy a cookie! Commit to doing one nice thing for somebody else each day.
hey Demi :) I just wanted to say you beautiful & amazing I can't wait to see u on July14 2012 ! My sis and I are crazy for you! 
Stacks on the make up bag.
Sunday evening #mlanet12 is going to be packed w/ overlapping social events. Due to locations, no way I can do them all. :(
Let veterans tell the stories in their own terms. Show compassion. Don't cry (but talk about it later on if you need to)
#Reading #50ShadesOfGrey woo! + getting mentally ready for some apt #hunting all throughout this week. Oh lordie
I'd have to agree
you're full of it
I think i love her
that video is crazy Greg! Where is he placing/sending that video?
You're welcome honey ^^ XoX
trying to visually organize a lot of information. It's more difficult than I anticipated.
Daughter was just offered job as a dealer at the new casino! Cool!
Finished 4th place with my bracket. Guess you can't win 'em all.
Is the drummer not wearing pants or is he wearing khakis?
what's right will be a shorter list
sorry to disappoint all but we at BEA are on top of everything. there are a few annoying hiccups!
If my neighbors dont tone it down a little bit, I am going to have to change my WiFi network name to "I can hear you having sex".
Got a spotter for taking down Xmas lights. No offense to the kind nurses , but I prefer not to spend my 3-day wknd w/ them again
My FB network is like Google search engine..it delivers constantly. I appreciate ...
I know I was just really hard on them the last couple of days! lol
#unwifeable if she diss the music i make and the ppl i hang wit. friends-forever bezzy-4 the moment
Commit to living your life.
All right #Nuggets let's do work! Game 7 LET'S GO!!!!!
I'm so pumped about this!
Also just found out: apparently I volunteered (at a different meeting I didn't attend) to organize campus guides. #orly? #libjobshadowFL lol
So that will make 2 of us.
I feel like hell. Can't wait to get this final over with and crawl into bed
Sorry Guys Rico Muerte had to pull out of Free Tulsa. We apologize for any inconvenience.
wow, where is that?
Off to interview Wim Wenders. All questions will begin with W.
Just got off the phone with my auntee .. Me love her so . <3
listening to music, you?
On my new laptop.!! Thanks mom and wendy soo much. I love youu Guys <3!!!
I ain't gotta explain shit ta you , my phone actin up
I hate it when people say, "It's me", in voice mails. Who's "Me" ?
Friends in low places.
Our genealogy group was watching the show together on AfriGeneas. Very moving.
how weather plays a role on your eating habits
Congrats on exceeding more than 1000 votes! You rock!
Anyone have a favorite bar in the Andersonville neighborhood? We're starting our search for May 26th. Reply or DM us!
I remembered that tonight while taking my mom to an early Mother's Day dinner. Hearing her stories was the best part.
"There's blood, in the water!"
no. This isn't happening. #meltdown 😢
Going to try out for abdc soon.. Thanks to my mentors who help me make it this far..
nope. Not on Madison. I have to get out there one of these days and meet some peeps.
Laughtin out loud to my self boy ur not even funny I'm laughin at ur dummness
i love jb retweet if u agree!
that's Victor Ennis.
What language do they even speak in avatar
Thank you for the birthday wishes, beloved humans!
ooh shit.. she took the earrings off!!!
