: if you say so c:
#TheAwkwardMoment When you Jave This One Little Hair Come Done To Your Face And It Tickles You (-_-) I Hate That..!
Our keynote is well under way! Thanks and
oh yeah I forgot about Mexico!!! Yeah ill fly!! Lol
If you need a bed bug cover, let me know. I have a friend who can hook you up!
The video you had of loading that car into the museum was one of my favorite install videos ever.
It all comes from having an amazing business partner who rocks at the stuff I am no good at!
Thank you for following Inner Gate Acupuncture!
Woohoo....paint fumes are making everthing look fuzzy:)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Cool piece on LIKE WATER FOR CHOCOLATE-Banned in Arizona!
Thank you!
TUT FACT: Canopic jars held organs of Tut that were essential for the afterlife. See this & other artifacts @ The Children's Museum of Indy!
Latin Men my weakness ;-)
You welcome, enjoy it my nigga RT : thanks big bra bra
I love pasta so much
What a fucking play!
Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play. - Heraclitus
A very Gaga Thanksgiving!? Wow, that's happening, right now.
miami (I know they play in sunrise) teams are always 2nd teams.
Van Halen @ the Excel Energy Center in May.
safe home. See you in NYC
Justin Biebers 'One Time' will always be the cutest effing song ever <3
Of course I wear eye makeup when I go to the library!
"We know more about war than we know about peace, more about killing than we know about living." -Omar N. Bradley
Going back to canvassing with my team. Its breaking my heart talking to some people tonight
RT : Good morning! How 'bout our Reds again and !
*rolls eyes*
Caught 3 cat fish today
If you're a million-dollar playboy willing to bankroll me following the Afghan Whigs around all summer, plz call. Your silence is annoying.
To finish the point from : knowledge org. is sthing humanists do all the time. Need help understanding practical applications
Sick take a pic :) RT : I bought a shirt at Bamboozle, and convinced my friend to get one too. c:
Running away NOW! Lol
i strongly agree.
hm...I don't like bugs, cold weather, and getting up early :)
time for Mac n cheese!
I know about Record Store Day (yeah!) - but what is early am line up for? cc
"Game over man, Game over! We're all gonna die!"
You can Design your own tee shirt online. It is really very easy and simple method.
haha lol its the worst I hate how ur umbrella fights with other peoples umbrella's when u pass them lol
plastic to sample (no glass allowed in City park), pint glass as souvenir. see you there? :)
Omg I feel much better about the situation. I thought the decision on the permit was finalized.
Turn up at Backspace Cafe, thursday night at 8:00pm to be part of a special campaign event.
Remember lets plant seeds of encouragement into each others lives. Let's bring each other up not tear each other down!!
Not sure how I feel about today. Sad that marriage equality is even still a debate.
Wow! Sorta scary!
Check out Arlene Sachitano's books--she has two series. The quilt ones are my biggest seller.
Happy Birthday:) What did you wish for? <3
Arizona bans funding to Planned Parenthood
I just got a long, awesome wrong-number voicemail complaining in detail about something I didn't do to someone I don't know.
setting my sports alert preferences on fanu.mobi for this week's games
First day of my last semester done!!
This is also a great reason to use e-books. No one can tell if you're reading a "low level" book or not and they're cool!
It sure will be so we hope to see you at ! RT : it does look awesome and sure is much more fan friendly!
Today = Friday 13 sick report card & mad friends yep today was horrible but if thats what it takes to praise you then Jesus bring the rain.
Grateful to for referral to accompany Carla Gugino in Sebastian Gutierrez film, HOTEL NOIR. Recording done, filming next week!
Blue skies and much awaited album drops. Hope you're ready for "Unpatterns," cause today's the day...
are you Tweeting? Seriously? LOL, fun to see you last night.
I was playing magic on xbla and i lost even though my health was at 54 and had cards on the table....why?
That's really true. And I think it makes the tone of these asks all the more important.
Thanks -- yep, 7 years ago. So sad. But thanks so much for your well wishes. Tell your mom how much you love her :)
Wait so ceelo isn't brad Pitt !!?!?? My life is a complete lie
Cadence Weapon more the B.K. Vegan crowd's speed than Main Attraktionz. Raps over Grimes beat, DJ looks like a Grizzly Bear member.
Signs u may be replaced as #soccer coach: Face mysteriously photoshopped out of team picture.
If you don't pay attention to every little detail, you miss most of the jokes.
...which is good because I need to go back to my sister's and tackle some touch-ups now that it's been painted.
work cocktail party for customers
it's coming out on vinyl on Saturday!
Well, good morning, good afternoon, and good night!
“: Alcohol: Because no good story starts with "So this one time I was eating a salad......"” :)
Alightments too, but that isn't really tracked. Bonus: basic demographics w/o personal info!
get ready for tonight!This will be the last MyPatio Sunday till next year!!
Congrats on the win! You and Kemba doin things!
For a Friday night flick with suspense, lies, grand plots and strippers, rent Enron: The Smartest Guys In The Room. Very interesting film!
you "seduced" us with that tweet :)
“: Flattery proceeds deception!” That is a good word Rev!
Sky Lounge Will Sexy Tropical Latin Passion Night Two-Story NightClub. Party All Night with95.1 LATIN VIBE DJ WALDO- DJ CESAR TERCERO!! .
You're welcome! We love Kopps custard and hope you guys do too!
Busy week so far. Working on sound for my short film Rain Dance and getting in to producing mode for a feature film. Read-through this week.
I'm interested to learn more about #ExxonMobile's
this dude MadDog just came in the studio and blew minds with a trumpet part on one of our tunes. damn some guys are real pros.
Musical Theatre might be pretty cool after all... :)
Moms about to go to work who cumin to the crib?
Leaving twitter for a while. Got my number changed.
Dear iNeedWrestling stalker, so glad to be of service to you once again...
don't even start thinking that way! Step back, learn from it and move forward.
umm I think like 15 min by car
#Packers Nick Perry LB USC! We need HIM
everytime I try and follow u. It says forbidden !
This tweet is misleading! He FACES murder charges would be correct. My thoughts and prayers go out to both families
because of your eye???
I wish conspiracy theories about progressives were true. All the self-described progressives I've met are just really into drum circles
I'm bored... I'm never bored
My lady gonna have all The people yelling for her shirts. So Cray!
#STARGATE #SGU returns tonight on #SYFY for its final episodes... ♥
i'm at a bar where you at
Ahoy, academic folks! What is the "right" CC license for your research work, aside from institutional restrictions? BY-NC-SA?
Grandma grows the best roses... so beautiful <3
The stream ended. Well work on getting the vids up on the #RBstudio site real soon.
Where did you see that?!
ABBY. ONLY ONE WEEK UNTIL ATS. I don't know if I can handle this! So. Much. Excitement!
@ @ @ @ @ I'm so glad I came up with JUNKYYYYYY
Council members just participated in an Ice breaker with other phenomenal youth!
wanna go watch some fights? :-)
cant wait to meet her!
Good morning!
Clean Your Fridge Day! "Thank God for dirty dishes, they have a tale to tell; while others may go hungry, we're eating very well."--Unknown
Facebook app is an iPhone memory hog
Less than ONE week til our EP Release show next Sunday, the 21st at the Triple Rock!!! Come one, come all!
I am way into Lionel again as always. He is the best voice coach on The Voice
love to discuss Symbaloo, let's skype next week mail for day&time my skype = klaas.lameijer. Great!
We think a story in would be a great way to help increase awareness about the efforts to revive the
thanks for the follow! Here's to working together to
Thanks Noise. I'm finding LinkedIn to be more and more valuable as a communication channel all the time
Horse racing is the rich dudes version of dog fighting
Gotta update my bio on here. I'm 16 now sheesh
#whenitwascoolto to be in one of top 10 friends on MySpace....
Can't wait.
Excellent news! Congrats and good luck!
I can't wait to play that game. The best in the trilogy?
You're welcome!
❒Taken ❒Single ✔ and looking 4 a good #man so hit me up
Earliest DJ load in time 6:45am. Djing junior achievement 10k in sandy springs
Let's be creative: If you only had one leg, how would you exercise?
nice meeting you bro at the Indy session man
You should!!!
We definitely think so :)
I normally use a stylus but that one was done w/ just my fat index finger.
this is retarded, peoplestring is paying me, I got over 900 bucks for doing nothing, so I just decided to do something
I'm #TeamLucca. Das ma boy!!!
One crockpot and some decorative bookends does not a GIANT yard sale make.
Ready for a rematch (of Super Bowl 4 years ago)? Giants sink 49ers in OT, 20-17, to earn Super Bowl date with Patriots on Feb. 5th
I went to work with my friends mom,
Kk where the hekk do u find them
But yes, I still want to see it very badly and I think we should go this weekend.
That geology test just shit on me soo hard
Went from sunny and warm Seattle, to Cold and gloomy LA... Weird! But happy to be back! Hi :-) lol
If I ever have to work at a restaurant it gonna be planet hollywood. I love that restaurant
It's weird when you rent a dvd and there are trailers from films that were released 3 years ago. (As if renting a dvd weren't weird enough)
Game time vs #Purps~N~Gold #TuacaChillZone is where u find me at
Kiefer Sutherland's voice in the BofA commercials make me miss 24 even more than usual
Thursday bar night #BOGO cocktails all night long! Heading into host as soon as I'm done tweeting from the shower !
got earplugs? :)
Love you more!
not even a half inch shorter, ever. lmao
Say it ain't so !!!RT RT Source: #Angels and #Yankees discussing Mark Trumbo. Robertson in play. -WTF
dope man...promo love!
As America goes through our transformation into the new,we lock arms with our brothers and sisters in hopes of restoring peace with mankind
RT Encore LOVES giving away amazing prizes!! We would love to get to 5000 followers! When we do we will give away a macbook air
Nascar? Really autospell?
Welcome Susan Hooker to Crescendo's Board of Directors!
Want a #lifestyle special vacation 2 nights $200 Caliente Resorts
Dammit, meant "the Lord"--stupid Fake Bible Quotation app.
is a terrible insurance company. Working with them on a claim they say that it is my fault an old senile man rear ended me :)
This CANNOT be happening right now...
Yeah. I've put a lot of time and a ton of money into this friendship. Haha :P
Salem and other out of town police now facing off protesters downtown
Kelly! Enjoy it. Thanks for listening. Stay in touch.
RT RT : sorry, but if you like "house" music, please re-think your life.
I havent ate all day...
good:) do you know of any acting schools around memphis
Thanks for RT!
it's almost too good to be true!
Dudes! Stop shooting up Virginia Tech! Am I missing something? Is Virginia Tech at war with the Crazies?
i wish we could just beat the shit out of one person, just one, and not get in trouble.
Thanks to the Minnesota Chamber of Commerce and Secretary Duncan for a great education/business panel today!
I'm going to try to spend a little time in the Old Market, so I'll try to swing by and say hello!
Now I am ready to eat with my fat ass
Are you just using me..
that's a sweet bit of news!
loved set! And adored their dresses!
While your enjoying a pizza with a side of buffalo wings. What's your favorite show you like to watch on tv?
Going to collect my 30+ wii fit tokens for the day :)
Did we decide on dinner date night?
I'm sure he would not mind lol
My vote for Brewers MVP is Braun and CY Young Marcum. What do you all think?
Mango's go hard.
It's Friday! Are your weekend plans set in stone?
Never mind, I found out.
Feelin it! Great job man, thanks for sending it my way
well - I look forward to reading your tweets & getting to know you - I need more guys my age in my life! ;)
WTF with channel 3 who wants to know everything about good old jimmy sent him up and have it over with
Who is excited to see this Sunday night at Closet Sundays #Power20?
If I learned one thing from attending advancing the creative economy it's that the world is bigger than Google vs. rights holders.
The future is a hunk of clay. I see the shape that mine should take and chip away a little everyday.
If you buy Cleveland apparel from anyone but The Cleveland Assassin, or Frank The Tank June 2nd at FNF, you're not buying authentic CLE gear
Your Welcome
I try to plan ahead. It's easier to grab a bag of raw veggies than to stop and chop when I'm in a rush.
RT : Open House 2day! Come down 2 before 1:30pm, look at seats and we'll provide you lunch! Tell them sent ya!
of course!
Euro makers: VW, Audi, Land Rover, BMW, Mercedes all gain - USA TODAY
Ops! that might have been a mistake.
Thank you for the follow. You've got a really cute website! :)
Who said that ???? RT : So O.J. Simpson did not kill his wife his son Jason Simpson did that shit crazy
A true #agnostic scrutinizes creeds, they don't have one. They usually know more about many religions than the avg. professed practitioners.
Real nightmare! RT : Did I dream #Browns took backup DT nobody heard of in the 3rd or did that really happen?
I hear U. For some reason I very rarely use the camera in movie mode. mostly use that for verbal/visual notes.
Don't they just pay the meter at 11:00 for another 2 hours?
I have not, I'm sorry!
Fired up for the game today. Go NINERS!!!
Anyone have examples of innovative work using digital technologies to study the Middle Ages?
I just want to watch she's the man & take a 27 hour nap.
Joe Paterno family says reports not true he is still alive
NO, NO, NO, they meant to say "He makes me feel like men do when they watch pudding women wrestling!"
haha four seconds
Scarring the crap out of in the Dillion's parking >
it is the #Bobcats u know
n.y where you at rest in peace young phat!
is graciously giving my liver a sabbath.
with #bucks pr staff winning that award i assume dan smyczek gets kudos
you're so right .. Apartment apartment apartment ..
About damn time
aww! They are sweet. My dog fell asleep last night and his whiskers and beard got all discombobulated! :)
so blessed to be a part of it!!!
actually big jims is awesome. Dive bar, cheap. Games n'at also awesome . I want to go!
no I meant to say producer... I'm using this phone sometime it type wat it wants!!
do you ever present at tech conferences? Would love to discuss possibility of having you speak at our upcoming fall events.
So bored it midnight and I'm lik wide awake inbox me ppl
at a summer camp right by my house
I didn't know how sweet #whitney was. She was so brutalized as being a nasty diva by the media after she was the princess of pop
Haha, yep.. they make a reservation request first, you approve them, they pay, they come, they eat, you chat, they leave :)
#WHCD So Jimmy Kimmel's teacher said he wouldn't amount to anything if he kept screwing around but hes abt to hi-five the prez
Making the most of my half day. At the zoo with Vi and Rachel.
RT : Props to Andrew Bynum for a 20 point 30 rebounds game against the spurs.. Dude was beastin out
What size was the biggest u ever had cockblock?
There's no time to loose.
Happy Thursday-Our Newark office is open today from 8-5. No appointments needed for glasses. 110 High St. 315.331.5721.
I have no idea which sport it is tonight, but Go Green!! RT : Let's go Spartans tonight!
looks great, thanks for doing the piece and making me sound much more articulate than I was! ;)
": #Taurus gives great love, attention, and is good at fulfilling someone's needs."
u saying that and u cannot even do it SMH
I had a couple little pretzel sticks to celebrate! Had one for you too:)
Daammnn I just LOVE my HAIR!!! #TeamGoodHair :):)
what time???
We're feeling really poetic today. Who can come up with a good haiku about one of our menu items?
Yeah, I'm annoyed now that I can't undo them easily.
sometimes I read hilarious tweets and think they're yours... and then I realize that they are tweets from
Decaf coffee is like non alcoholic beer
Well it was a wonderful day on the beach tody here in Ocean City, NJ.
RT: WE DONT DO FREE PROMO, FOR PEOPLE WHO DONT SUPPORT BLACKS! TRUST ME!!, SO IF ITS ON THERE IT WILL BE REMOVED ASAP!
Just talk as long as Ricky P is at Louisville. He won't let it happen.
- it was cooly everybody was coo & shidd
Very nice ! & Congrats. How long did it take to shoot the video ?
good thing i brought my tackle box...
been preaching an #FBombSeries series at our church since Easter. Finishing up next week with Faithulfullness. CRAZY!
Good news? Housing starts up? No one can sell a house now and added to the glut will be these puppies. What bank lent these builders?
Trust is earned, I can't just magically hand it over to you.
Obsolete Term Remodification: Artificial Intelligence is now Automated Intelligence. Artificial intelligence is an oxymoron.
thank you!!!
Yeah.....I don't say "babe" so y'all know that wasn't me .
Exhausted after a traumatic morning (ok slightly exaggerating) & stupidity and lack of common sense throughout the afternoon. I need a vaca.
A person who can't get genuinely pumped up about his work can never be satisfied or gain anything worth it.
“I trust that everything happens for a reason, even when we're not wise enough to see it.”-- Oprah Winfrey
A beautiful day calls for some thirst quenchers! Enjoy our amazing selection of juices and smoothies.
Wow. Watching you on #DLHQ and you are absolutely incredible. An absolutely amazing woman.
. PV must've not celebrated like the rest of us did to be out running like that Good thing him & the boys stay focused
I was sleeping the other night, alone, thanks to the exterminator. Emo Philips
You forgot to mention how well I did it. RT I just saw do the Carlton Banks dance. No lie.
Shane Hankins (shanehankins) thanks for the follow.
Have fun with that! I hope you dont get anything #toogross! :)
The song is turning out bomb so maybe that's why. Music helps me vent.
I plan on coming before that.. (sorry - couldn't help myself) RT COME ON OCTOBER!!!! ;)
Get it back, girls! #webelieve RT : Blue down one nil on a miss clear from back
you would. Life is great! glad 2 be back on the east coast n enjoying life. Hows college treating you!? livin up 2 the hype?
thinking of getting an ant farm at my desk to remind me of good work ethic and
Gotta go see these ppl....ugh...
The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being.
20 min radio segment about UW-Lax baseball and not one mention of leading rbi man 's brother #horse$#!+
Hi Katrina! Nice to see you here!
ditto. “: I'm headed back to #Austin for #SXSW. Please make sure the weather's back to awesome by the time I land. #kthxbai”
Good evening and how are you???
Halverson's presentation at GLS really nailed it. Want to view the archive soon.
"It's friday friday friday gotta get down on friday" wow that used to be the most talked about song in america well what happened to that
Wednesday- it will be exactly 3 months with Marissa<3
Hanging out with my Momma today! :)
this looks amazing! were you with COBI? would love to learn more
Really looking forward to seeing and tonight. I would be an idiot to not go
Loved the all-girl band. Jack White looks like Edward Scissorhands.
are you flying into Portland PDX airport or Redmond / Bend airport??
Kudos to every public servant who approaches the future with courage and optimism.
After meetings with educators in South Bend and the , we are off to the Lincoln Day Dinner.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the Hecht family.
let's tho it.
Libyan government tanks and rockets have driven back rebels who attempted an assault on Moammar Gadhafi's hometown of Sirte. ww.tncnews.com
sometimes i feel like you forget that i can read your tweets because they pop up on my feed.
"People ignore design that ignores people." Frank Chimero
I love Betty White!! She's still amazing!! Haha
The Hobbit usually makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're creating that into a film too.
Yes, thought the same thing. A very nice homage to one of the great movie car chases.
hawt. ;) i wish i could've been there lol ;p
I think I listen to too much drake in fact cuz i'm the best you ever you had your friends just mad cuz im the best they never had
Still gotta take Gilbert food smh
depending on injuries, but I get the same feeling. Like ur $215k estimate.
Hey Lisa, please tell me more. I need to network with those who understand best the challenge and opportunities. be Inspired!
Thanks MJ! Good times! “: I want to give a special Christmas shout out to the beat Dj EVER ”
Hey Coach Fox and Elway don't tease us by putting in Tebow as a wide receiver and not even throw to him...
that's like perfect!
Didn't like Usher song Climax at first but now I love that song
what kind of documentary?
You mean if Toby Jacobs was there.
thats nastyy why would you send me that link :(
lol good boy im a dog now lol where the scooby snack at lol
sorry. We were hacked :(
help me win and see would love to see them for the first time & please don't break me
but are they still the standard?
Did you know? It takes #glass 1 million years to decompose, which means it never wears out and can be #recycled an infinite amount of times
Why do HOES expect to Get Ate out..? Those are For wives who are ONLY fucking their man.”
There's a micro simcard on your desk. cc:
rooting for Bones tonight so excited!
happy friday! what are your weekend plans milwaukee? i'm in need of retail therapy at !
Im not eating noodles no more they have 830 mg of salt.
*coughs to get attention.* GO COMMENT AND LIKE MY NEW AVI, GO, GO, STOP. $$
Just played Just Dance with my bro; I kept winning! :D
mo dm me please
people need to know when not to put stuff on the internet. it doesn't just go away
good night x
Thanks for the great reading last night, ! Loving the new collection!
Possibly. If mom doesn't go to the store today we may have to call out the militia! Stay tuned!
you are no longer a beggar - walk by faith! via
So mentally exhausted. Three pit stops before heading home to listen to some Jill Scott and continue on my grind.
Thank you for the MT! #VAlueYourPower!
I'm Ready to grind who wit me
Waiting in customer service lines are the worst.
There is one group I forgot to thank last night: the crowd. One of the most energetic and music-loving crowd I have seen in a while.
We're putting the finishing touches on an extensive update to how tickets are defined. (Based on your feedback!) Big update coming soon.
Buggs! If you have not heard about livingsocial CHECK IT OUT! we will be featured on the instant deals very soon! #followthebuggy!!
Good morning twitter $
At work n its already tryn 2 rain-ATL I know its been hot but all the rain n my hair #notagoodmix lol GM ppl...have a good 1 :-)
Would you be willing to guest post on that, Kim? It would be awesome!
Me too! RT : we are too ! Can you imagine! I have tears in my eyes
Aquitaine on left?
I was thinking elsewhere for the legion of doom; much more brutalist architecture
'Margin Call' nominated for Best Original Screenplay. Stock Market sells off.
There is nothing like getting someone who's having a bad day to crack a smile.If U think it's incompatible w/competition U missed the .
I still
Oh, lol. Still confused but okay! well HAPPY SPRING BREAK compadre.
Hard to wake up this am
Not kidding.. Very serious when it comes to Diet Sunkist lol
Ah! Networking opportunity is wrecked...
thanks for the #FF consider following me also at
if you love something let it go if it returns to u its yours....DMX
Missing my boy :-(
I am worried. Please give an update about the situation!
thanks for the follow!
I'm a spurs supporter. Girlfriend to a spurs fan. Although I don't care for lakers. Sorry. I'm a celtics fan.
Walker Art Center and families take pictures of the stuff they made with family packs and everyone puts them on Flickr.
It is when we all play it safe that we create a world of the utmost insecurity. - Dag Hammarskjold
I looooooveeeeee derby time
Last time I changed my profile picture was two years, 8 months and 21 days ago: the day the subject of my new profile picture was born.
Appointments still available for brewing with Great Lakes tomorrow! Call now!
yes, but I'm seeing some sun peaking now *big smile**
That's what I've heard. You're also the first Cubs fan I've ever heard call A-Ram one of your favorites. Nice to hear that once
I bought it, but have had 2nd thoughts... I'll crack it on your say-so!
Oh you just look familiar!
:'( OMG!! i was SUPPOSED to be there!! but my retarded dad wrecked my car!! :'( :'( i think im gonna die!!
Yay!! congratulation! Maybe I'll root for the Pete Carroll now.
omg where? I'm by the flowersb
Yeah! When I saw your printing I yelled "OMG! I LOVE her!" 2 funny! Have a good weekend!
just checking out some fly threads.... I need a new suit. Most likely for a date or serious business ventures.
Sunday night Dj night 9pm No cover $3 JUMBO Long Islands. (different DJ each week).
Indeed. Thanks for the comment.
that's what I'm saying real world Mexico
Poll: What should I see in Los Angeles? Historical Sites will get preference, probably, but suggest anything.
top talent isn't who is seeking jobs, huh? Not surprised.
NYC here I cone
does the amazingness of her voice on this track make you wanna die or what???
OH 2PAC has a NEW CD coming..
Look at all these empty people Don't you know that misery loves company The misery was looking for me
Kevin McCallister is constantly talking to himself, kinda strange
The Fargo-esque Audi Quattro commercial has it all.just like the Quattro.It definitely beats the beer and pizza commercials, but not Visa's!
Getting caught up in Draw Something. Feel like I'm cheating on Words With Friends
I EFFING LOVE YOU #LAKings !!!!!!
Are you sure this surgery is worth it? I mean this does not sound like something I would want to put myself through!
so gr8! RT : Glad you saw it! RT : Awesome shout out from about on !
IMHO the best part is the " You shoot first!" line.
U wernt perfect but u made life worth it stick around and real feelings might surface
I love that analysts aren't choosing the Bulls to win the east. Bench mob, defensive pressure, rebounding, and reigning MVP
What you eat affects the way your body works and its ability to fight off infections and diseases.
I'm still here!
I feel so bad for Keisha thats not right man she was being bullied thats not right at all
Really not looking forward to this week... SOLs on Monday and Wednesday :(
I have a date with two ten yr olds and some pancakes! Happy Sunday! :)
Will $60 Million For Early Learning Help Close The Achievement Gap? Listen to this radio interview with NCCF Co-Director Sharon Lynn Kagan
It reads: Give large space to the festive dog that makes sport in the roadway
I don't think anyone's Pandora can get any more random than mine: classical , jazz, Lana, Tony Bennett, club, Edith Piaf, and Neil Diamond
I'm coming down Christmas weekend - definitely in on the 24th, maybe 23rd. Leaving 26th. you? Let's meet up!
Laker nation stand up!!! Now sit your ass back down!!! I need this shit to go to 7 games. #Ratings #bitch!
yeah! thursday?
When I'm alone , I think negative .
oh okay. True. Cause you should of been hit the pop page. So how long you had yours for?
oh yeah i kno it lol
#winning is right
thanks, took a lot of work to get to where I am.
Amazing win from the last night! Have you been to a Sounders match this season?
was told today that I am 100% being asked back to work next school year. Job security is A-Okay..
face I heard you n Siegel gonna drop a Mixtape is it true
#Vegas in 12 hours. It's going to be a long night.
Peter can't be trusted with the sale of the house.
Ready to have dinner with my best biotches! I've missed them!!
I MISS YOU!!!
Have some Austin Java or Ken's Donuts delivered right to your office for your next meeting
Because I used to be like the terminator when I was on the mound.
Can one tan in a single day? I actually would like to know. I usually burn, then get slightly browner in a week or so.
I didn't even go to college at SBU and I still have great, fuzzy memories of
we missed you on Christmas Eve!!
i miss Bill Hicks...
If you won a beta key in a contest here or on another site, keys should go out this weekend, after the server folks give the thumbs up!
hey Hun I'm doing fine my ill Chloe is 6 months she's perfect! Did u get a copy of the book yet? Have a read bitch x
Man. My ear is really infected.
Sitting in my room in complete silence for 2 1/2 hours > not a care on ma mind
that's what I'm asking.....(since facebook is down)....."What's happening!!!!???".
Literally nothing can cheer me up anymore. Not even ice cream.
the struggle continues.
I haven't talked to in like.. 8 days :o ...
ha. You have the same view as I do
We hope so too! #LALA cc
awesome! Glad you're liking it so far. Let us know if you like to post ever!
Thanks for the follow Jennifer. Hope to see some tweets from you someday.
Here we go!
oh hm
Me 2 RT : Watching NYPD attack #OWS protestors after protestors removed barricades at Zucotti Park...
watching one missed call. haven't seen this movie in like 2 years.
Wenndy: "Why are they crying?" Me, Courtney: "Because they just won the Super Bowl." Wenndy: "Then why isn't the other team crying?"
just made the sickest shot into my garbage basket but no one was around to see it lol
The Tank Bangers – Our Blue.. | Tourist Driver
#TwSIG introductions: hi folks, I'm Cristian Opazo aka Today I'm part of the "Twitter Culture" panel this afternoon.
Hippy Easter to you too.
the tmobile lady is liv tyler with a frosting.
I bid you goodnight.
you need a button? I have an extra.
"Young Forever" Beauty Seminar has received a very positive feedback. Will coninue doing our next session. Stay tuned!
Skinny ties are also still the newest style. Read more fashion tips on www.SouthFloridaAlerts.com
Its kinda sad when your"bestfriend"would choose smoking over hanging out with you when you had plans with them. I'm seriously sick of people
I <3 my Dallas & Cali peeps ... Dey keep me going.
So my 5th period teacher just had a BF & said I'm getting an F -.-
jen you did a great job. Suzanne committed after the webinar that you are very talented.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
latest news..im trending in bulgaria
Humidity = inconsistently curly hair
REALLY!? :) I went today, I did legs,abs, arms, I hope I don't get sore tomorrow lol. Which gym you go to?
...Twitter is for stalkers... I'm sorry, this is just too weird for me...
No worries. Never thought about a sub domain as a link environment... might work better with the amount I have. Thanks!
I think is creeping(:
Good luck! RT : Proposal for the research competition: submitted!
Today's the day! Our latest special airs tonight on !
Oh the Reagan card now
where can we see the bat signal?
#np "thinking about you" -frank ocean
( congrats hunn!!!! I love how you stand fern on what you want in life i see i am not the only one who know what she want
Getting ready to take the stage at #mwd20 to talk tech trends for emergency responders
#LetsLunch: Votes are in-Let's post Dads on June 8 & #BBQ in July!
Now if only shipping will get me my gear from #SXSW so I can do the video shoot at the Code for Good event that would be nice....
its cuz i saw my ex twice this week:/
Wish I had a more eventful life, especially on Saturday nights .......
I love to sing and dance but i cant sing infront of ppl. im too shy..so how could i overcome my fear of singing around ppl?
Consuming a 3rd fudgesicle after eating a bowl of ice cream... I might have a problem.
DAILY DEAL: Ellen Degeneres - Here & Now (DVD)
C has 300 employees because "this is not easy to do"
#Seahawks don't want to let Zach Miller leave without a deal.
Thx for Sharing :)
Madison Pharmacy Associates – Weight-bearing exercise becomes more important as you get older, strengthens muscles to protect bones.
ur welcome love
Nothing like coming home after a long work day and seeing my two little girls running to me with open arms.
*smacks you repeatedly*
Anybody wanna go for a ride with me?
done with what
Just saw a 50 something year old bald/fat construction worker wearing UGGS while getting into his car.
I love dumb bitches, they make me look like a genius lol
At Cathedral High School parent information night learning about their One to One program launch. All students to receive iPads next year.
Listening to Mitch Schneider describing Reno's progressive approach to animal control @ #nokill conference. Awesome results, lucky critters.
So the ex is dating some one right now and I had to find out from Facebook. I called and asked hum and he said I should be dating...
whats the opportunity???
might be getting the other side of my nose pierced tomorow
Saw adorable black and white puppy walking along highway ramp. Heartbreaking. Worried about him.
Knows that it's going to take a bit to get out of this funk I've been in.
"If he hits a girl he will rape a girl"
#workday16 continues to support iPhones and iPads and HTML5 compatiable devices. New looks and feel.
Thanks dude. BTW, I don't have info for Gina, but when she visited she said to let her know when it was out. Can you tell her?
Most def! Swing PHI supports equal access to QUALITY healthcare for all. RT Thinks should follow
That makes me upset just thinking about it .
Yea so what if I cry in the end when Arnold terminates himself into the liquid hot metal and then puts a thumb up
I know what you & said over the holidays. I ain't called KSR in months so I can hold a grudge.
he was in florida for playlist live and i stayed in the same hotel as him:)
YOU JOIN I'M NOT SELFISH IT'S PLENTY
What up blood, what up cuz, what up blood, WHAT UP GANGSTER!!!
Off to school! Have a great day my tweeps! (twitter peeps) :)
How many bodies does a #writer; does an #artist occupy?
Lost some homies round the way but god blessed me to see better days only thing bout my grind nigga I can't wait
If you’re the marathon runner – type, you can enjoy 2-for-1’s from now ‘til 7, and all-u-can-drink taps for $10 tonight!
Come on weekend!
Sorry for the radio silence! The next issue of They will be released Mid June 2012. The Los Angeles Issue.
when we going to finally play poker together
Areas experiencing mixed precip will transition to all rain in the later morning hours. Cold rain..high around 40.
blog post?
<3 Go go dolls!
because of that ask i am going to be even worse to you i hope you know
want me to hook it up with a custom layout or you? Haha
Everyone is crashed out as I'm up killing aliens while destroys this drive. -
Saw Greg Oden at the humane society today, the dogs he looked at were the size of his hand
I sense a late night comin' on
A rainy yucky morning called for hot oats on the stove with strawberries and peaches for breakfast. Yum! ☕🍓
Please RT today is my cuzins bday and u ill make it her best bday ever if u RT so RT?
with thee hottest guy ON EARTH .
insomniainsomniainsomnia. on the upside, check out #garfunkelandoates . they're hilarious & surprisingly sweetly melodic.
Twitter PSA: Sunday is Mother's Day. Don't do anything tonight or tomorrow that you don't want to answer for to mom on Sunday :)
ever? If you insist! Good luck with everything!
you're welcome :)
have a blessed day :)!!
made tapioca tonight and instead of vanilla I added a shot of Disaronno.
Happy Earth Day thanks for the mentions
Today is just a disgustingly terrible day.
Get ripped and shredded with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Ray Bans and avil
We are on a rise!
gg. At least you still have the sickest twitter avatar ever.
Tex got this!!
#MaryPoppins would be an excellent #StripperName. After #Mastering #PoleDancing you could do
Actually, Prime has been amazingly fast for me lately.
Good question #hastac2011: Why do institutions perpetuate ineffective grading? Is it easier for them organizationally?
is it yours?
preachin to the choir! I visited someone tonight during close and was like thank god I don't have to clean that grimey shit
any one of those bars works for me!
What a great day! I love weekends.
We love Rachel Crow!!!! So awesome!!!
Shale Gas Export Boom: Planned All Along? - Firedoglake
Everyone tell to be patient please! Mkay ahaha
Who took the picture of you on the potty??
Oh My God That Was The Biggest Fail Of My Life!!! Lmfaoo but I got back up & walked it off like a champ! Lol #itwasscary #totalblonde hahaha
So good to see signs of life at Paste. You're the best!
Could be. Could be. Will have to see. Don't know about legalities across state lines, as I mentioned. That's the real question.
Gerald: I suppose society is wonderfully delightful?
I think I'm in love w sleep
Maybe, though that might even be the point?
#Survivor Kim won. we all predicted it. good job
you're welcome . sure, I'll try :)
Good morning. I think a squirrel got into my attic.
is it that naked guy from Friends? Wondered what happened to him.
I feel like a scary movie, some popcorn, and for everybody to SHUT UP. After I beat my family in Sorry that is.lol
I am victorious!
This game is brutal if you backing the
Hi Kaya! I'm looking forward to hearing your presentation for Monday's ITTL event at Henry's 12th Street Tavern.
i do that too but not to that extent
“: February 1st you can go get your shoes shined!!!!” Come say Hello! 👋😃
Off to the gym!
so how about I texted and this trick did not text me back !
easy one :)
I am officially addicted to #househunters - both domestic and international.
I cannot wait until PTV's album comes out!! and Warped Tour!!
I was just checking out your recent images--very cool!
Im debating on whether to get a LeBron jersey or Kevin Garnett or Kevin Durant. Hm.
It wud be the best thing evr to get it bfor i dye my hair
girl Nah I just dropped my mother back home. Took her to see Anthony Hamilton concert for mothers day.
You we're supposed to be there for me... But I guess I was wrong, you promised me... You FUCKING lied. I thought you we're different. Bitch.
I believe that S Voice is just a lawsuit from Apple waiting to happen...
Ask, Seek, Knock
Getting up am after 4-5 hrs of sleep 2 days in a row...brutal! But I'll survive. It's easier than I thought. Will get 8hrs again tomorrow
ugh im to bored class dont kick off 10:20 so im back to sleep i go
Music like usual :-D lol!! Got anything new?
Eve 6 listening party at Phi Mu Alpha 8:30 Pm prizes to be raffled!
what??! Yeah downtown Westerville. Other fav bakery is Resches in Whitehall.. Both pretty life changing.. Good luck!
just cause it be late and im tired, i suppose... True and True. Now, don't disappear again. Miranda.
Looking for tips on #socialnetowrkingfornonprofits focused on #internationaldevelopment Help!
menu bella, chef!!
i agree.....way too much!
Somebody should test Rondo's headband for psychedelics. Sometimes, he's just in another basketball world.
It's the Pillsbury Bake-Off way, I suppose.
I did not know you could do a dual boot to ICS on the touchpad. Where have you seen that?
watching " Waking Ned Devine" with my parents and Huey. god afternoon
I dunno what I'm more excited for, seeing my best friend tomorrow or leaving for pcb with him Sunday :)
Roger Waters is coming up and I'll probably miss out ! That's what happens when I don't save my money
Indeed, sir. As if didn't have already enough overload, now succumbed to the dark side, and lo', becometh caste a twitterer
see for yourself..
MERRY BRITMIS GOD SAVE THE QUEEN ...... Queen Britney
Thank you!!
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit. - Napoleon Hill
hey sexy :)
oh that will definitely motivate me more than anything else.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
Support Boundless Arts Collective at the April Fools Carnival at ACT on Sunday. Kids + Arts = Boundless fun!
Being with a family like that kinda makes me feel like I am part of that family not gonna lie Its a great feeling just wish Itd last forever
Textbook White Person: going to Plaid Pantry to get Mac n' Cheese.
You better believe it baby!
I fucking love my family.
you're welcome!
... god you can tell you went to a bootcamp
I've never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful
Don't tell me I can't do something,don't you know that I love testing you.
hi! Only just got back from a trip. Will look for a space in the morning
I influence people every day 👍
Yu Are My Life, Yu Are My World.
yep wat ur plans for today
Other than thw Bulls, which team is in the biggest trouble
For the record #Nikki you sound like 50 CENT for real lol and you don't wanna be in the same category as him lol
Be You.
I hate when people send 50-11 invites for a standing monthly meeting. Learn how to "set recurrence", pretty please.
W.stickam/serraphfilms.net What we are shooting today....
jk ily aye ab says that you should date him o
Lets go GATORS! #WHOOP!
Damn this weather!!! Grrr!!!
wats up.....where r u going to school at....and y u not following me nigga
and nearly $70,000 raised tonight at the charity event.
Look up a band called powderburn they are an awesome local band in Tx
All i'm tryna do is get this money up... yep... and the rest will follow.
RT : cuz you eat up all our food! ;-)
We agree. #interns know this all too well. RT : One of the secrets of life is to make stepping stones out of stumbling blocks.
For a chance to win a TRIP FOR 2 TO CANCUN, come to Tavern Tech Center Thur., 3/22 from 7-9:00 PM!! Join Alice Radio's Slacker & Steve...
Dude at bar->“I want a girl that likes sports, action movies, and handjobs."...Sounds like you want a straight dude that puts out.
love you Tim! You make me want to go be more! Good luck as a Jet, take care and #godbless!!
Note to self: bananas bought at 7-11 five days ago are delicious.
That's the way to use Knowshon!
Good luck man and welcome to Bmore!
Just Bought A 2012 Calendar!
I think it was a peach-flavored Bartles & James wine cooler. Truly awful stuff, but they were quite popular in the late 80s.
lmfaooooo okay okay I'll try all of those!
life i learn can only blows if u allow it too if u let shit get to u then yeah it can blows just learn to say fuck it
Made it to for ' Dine Out for Life event!
congrats bud!!
Toupestache? RT : Sometimes, I wonder if Geraldo's mustache is even real.
Justin Bieber is talented so don't even go there i'd like to see you do what he does
sadly, volt contracters don't get pro club discounts & yelp person was quoting $240/month standard prices (?!?!)
As for debating the bible.I could think of many things I would enjoy debating more.
one time I broke one wrist and sprained the other in a dirkbike crash #ouch No drumming then.
I'm sorry to disagree but Arizona is. Former QB coach is the head coach and Larry Fitzgerald will help manning more than decker
I HAVE TO SHOWER. but i'm so distracted by everything!
Thanks!! An internship/gig/whatever you wanna call it haha
Sleepwalking more prevalent than you think. Watch HCMC sleep expert Michel Cramer Bornemann MD on Tuesday morning!
ur SO LOVED
so you love tom felton now too? well i love him more! so hah!even more then rob pattinson! and thats alotttt!
what about Hollywood? Lakers get full 18,997 every night. Any night.
thought about, but I like fur, not feathers. LOL!
Met a patron from where I used to live- her son goes to a school I volunteered at!
Wait what? Connections between vg culture now and early film culture?
I wonder how many of the ingredients in today's Oreo are the same as in the Oreo from 100 years ago.
I'm joining in thanking for shining light on LGBT families in their May 2012 issue!
Rachel Mc'Adams is in every good love movie!! The Notebook, The Vow, The time travelers wife!!
Love the uniforms!
Performing at "Clairiton High School" at 12pm & "Capa High School" at 7pm Tomorrow
Definitely. This would encourage thinking of museums like coffee houses and the like. A comfortable, welcoming space.
Happy New Year!!!
Let's go Pacers!!!
did you want a bud light from a dog?
Yup! We'll be there ready to Foos at 2. See you there!
its fine :P
4 what if wanna be apart of something. Can if help
I don't yo man cause I got it like that but it aint even gonna be like that he he he
Bass at #eli2012: NSSE high impact practices are good example of learning analytics, but overlooked as resulting activities hard to measure?
Ya ever feel like just listening to The Jonas Brothers sometimes? Yea thats me everyday.
WHO CARES. I MET ATL.
When fat girls say guys like big girls.
Ah nice job #uppers with the Jill Scott song.
charcoal+Weber-propane=
V this is why Im single.... because I can't stop callin bitches bitches lol
They got me yummy treats from Buddy Squirrel and a fun floppy garden hat. They're the best kids ever! Haha :)
One of my teenagers on why Facebook vs. a phone call, "Facebook is more immediate, phone calls go to voice mail." What does this = in edu?
Maybe I will put off learning all about this server stuff until the morning.
MT : "We journalists have helped create a nation of news illiterates" - Knight Foundation's Eric Newton at
compulsive liars. WHAT TO DO with them. why is it they make it into something other than what they want to hear! yeah pls tell me???
Very cute! How are you all?
Finally a day off..!
Everything you're hearing Emery say is what I was hoping to find at WR. & it makes me think more & more they assume Knox out for '12.
Next Alternative to Open Three New Facilities to Accommodate Expected Growth N4H.DE
R u sure about that? I heard they're cute when they're young, but hard to handle when they become teens. Like humans, but worse.
during a review isn't everything looked at? That wasn't a judgement call, flat out penalty.
It seems to me that the #Clippers play better with EB in the floor!
playing #Up with Cristiano in phone. Oh wait, thats me! playing with myself(:
Who wants more followers? Give us a #FF and we'll hitcha back!
I'm at currently. The other guys are
Happy birthday !
Awww im so srry hope you get better! Im right with you cuz of allergie season. Perfect timing
Thanks for the #Shoutout!
In Florida, the executioner is paid a rate of $150 an execution.
While in public i used Siri to set a reminder for myself to buy challah and bagels. My reputation is well deserved.
FYI - Obama will be in Downtown Bellevue this Friday
RT : From an electricity generation/emissions standpoint, "dirtiest" an #EV will ever be is on the day you buy it.
“: Bad day + good wine = #balance.” agree!
How are you hopelessly happy with all of that rain in Seattle?! I can't handle just the clouds in NY in April sometimes! CHEERS!
What's really in chalopa? Taco Bell meat is what type of meat?
Your daily 4-mile bike commute will save about 66 gallons of fuel per year. If just one person in a thousand were to follow your lead in...
lol i will :)
Mahomies this has been a long day for us(: We are family though<3 Love you all.
I know you would. NEVER too late.
There's something weird about the way 's Dave Miller keeps underlining the word "man" in describing the mayoral victors.
Do I need to make a reservation for Valentine's day?
1 thing that makes being sick with a cold better is Watching #Khloe&Lamar Marathon...can't wait for the new season tonight
"Everything you can imagine is real." - Pablo Picasso
Time's up.
EL kitchen is ready to cook for you on Sunday. Yummy Winter Squash Soup on menu & other goodies to make your week healthy & nutritious!
Can't believe I'm here in the land of #SwampPeople. Where are you Troy?
Chris Davis just struck out one of the best hitters in the AL, Adrian Gonzalez.
Any friends/colleagues at the CDS Meeting this week? What are you looking forward to? What are your goals? We'd love to hear them!
Thanks! I have 12 new ones. I think that means I don't have a 'definitive' one. Agh. :D
Is there a softball team this year? Let me know your schedule, because my son used to LOVE going to the games!
You still exist! We believe in you!
got any questions send em in we are about to start recording. Any thing you want to ask go ahead!!
I heard you made it to the 2nd round. Congratulations bro. I thought about trying out myself. I know you will do fine.
Happy Fat Tuesday!!!
Tons of party/studio pics and music available at www.myspace.com/dubhelix!!
One year ago: Two suicide bombers attacked paramilitary police recruits heading home after months of training in northwest Pakistan,
u slay me wordsmith wino. “: Scruffy appearance? I hardly ever rise to the sartorial level of the bindle-stick toting hobo.”
that show made me quit TV again.
Lol I feel So fat right now
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.
Hopefully, I won't have to walk or stand in line when I get there! LOL
"The only dreams that matter are the ones you have when you're awake." - John O'Callaghan
I wanna text you and tell you what's on my mind but, I always feel like I'm either bothering you or wasting your time.
HAI KYRA. IM DOING SCIENCE DURING GYM OR LUNCH YOLO. THE ROLLING STONES MAG THAT WE WERE INTERVIEWED IS OUT.
625 by the bridge has the rankest smell none to man 😷
I love You TOO Much Going Mindless
SOX: In 2010, Danel Nava's first #MLB HR was a grand slam. Will Middlebrooks accomplished that feat in the 5th inning today as well.
hope this was resolved. Let me know.
“: Let's be real, sick days are actually hungover days.”
I hate when people try to use me!!!.
thank you Dennis -- boys high jump and girls pole vault is just what I needed. stay safe out there!
Need a mammogram? How about a physical? Blood work? It’s all free with healthcare reform!
got Arduinos if you need em
nice meeting you via John 3:15 Blog Hop. Keep up the good work!
Rex who do we like in the race tomorrow? Daddy needs a new pair of shoes so let me know who to bet on.
thank you other bro :$. Ire son, don't worry ;) love you!
How?? Who is playing for free?
#JeremyLin has been discussed in EVERY panel discussion I've attended so far yet only 45% of attendees think he's a brand. Disconnect?
It almost feels like a rhetorical question at this point.
not even trying to look cute today !
vs is going to b a classic. Two vets goin at it.
I think they will keep the big 3 win or lose I just think they will be aggressive to try and getting big time players
Happy Birthday Ray! At this point I am convinced you are simply not human.
I'm addicted.
FEDERAL IS U.S. district courts, US courts of appeal, U.S. Supreme Court
President #Obama says same-sex couples should be able to get married during interview
thanks sweetie! Miss you too
Heading 2 the state fair at 7 to go show off our piece. Will b there till the 26th. So go check out our piece and vote for it so we get loot
You Neva Sleepy
Haha, no he hadn't paid for them!
omg chris followed me!
Macho Man = KG
Usually either July 1 - June 30 or Aug 1 - July 31. that would be great!
What has four legs but can't walk? A paralyzed dog. zing!
too many tweets within a certain time period apparently lol
Thank christ I only give advice to YP about saying no with sex, b/c I am beyond unqualified to teach them how to say it to anything else.
Ami Saraiya. Tonight. 9pm. Hungry Brain.
Good Morning! It's so good to be home, still playing catchup, but there's hope that the light will show at the end of the tunnel! :)
Lauren Berger to release All Work, No Pay w Random House Jan 3. #NACEBite college tour coming this fall!
My wit is quick.
I miss my blue eyed blonde
Purple Pig wins. But can we plan a pork/pie/milkshake party soon for no good reason but to have pie?
Tom Barrett just made his way down State Street, stopping to shake hands in various cafes and coffee shops.
THANKS YOU SO MUCH FOR RETWEETING
Anderson U Mobile #eli2012 tier incentives: mobile device, hardware/software stipend, course buyout of stipend equivalent
So now J refocuses class activity every few minutes.
Love the follow and thank you for helping me find a new friend. *hugs*
Haha you've definitely blossomed since then, and she was a tomato!!
How scary for SF Giants to be 0-3 (w/ Lincecom & Cain losses) & sending Zito to the hill? Hope he keeps it up; hasn't hidden from criticism
Avoid fruits and nuts. You are what you eat. -Jim Davis
Commencement is today! If you haven't already, be sure to come down to campus to see all the work before it comes down tomorrow!
MY DEMI TICKETS COME THIS WEEK.
Did an amazing job and looked very sexy as usuall!
Today, Re-Grand Opening of King Soopers at 3100 S. Sheridan, Denver. We'll be here until 1pm sampling our delicious Italian sausage.
I'll be your girlfriend if you'll be my #boyfriend in #3hours :) deal??;)
agreed. But at least they advertise correctly
sorry I missed it....sounds like a great topic.
Omg ! She bet not say wat I.think.she is
“: Just had a great time interviewing Take a listen to his lovely song "HONEST LOVE" thanks Juno!
Just set up twitter on my phone...it's this newfangled thing you can do. I'm so hip!
and the question to ask is how can we afford new rec centers? aren't we financially strapped?
Hey ppl all I can say is a good nights rest can do wonders for you especially when it's Friday!!!!!!
It can never be bought or borrowed or sold A gift to be cherished, True friendship is a treasure beyond compare.
anyone else tweeting #lillywebsites ?
ya likewise. This just means more gin & tonics saved up for next weekend instead.
Can not wait to move out of my house...
you as well my friend!
Tonight is the worlds largest firmans parade in the world. As part of the Apple Blossom festival. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
Have fond memories of listening to DFD/GM on vinyl on a scratchy turntable in lieder class.
Damn straight! RT “Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world.” - Marilyn Monroe
thank you!!
“: Sexxy... Next Thursday I wanna go to Kit Kat Lounge... U should come!!” yes I'm totz down :D
I'm dirty
how was your flight ? (:
RT : RT : Steve okc exemplifies the opportunity natural gas is bringing to communities n country”
AHH, Piky's going into labor! She just gave birth to one puppy who looks just like her. It's SO tiny. PUPPIES!!! :)
THANKS DUDE U ARE AWESOME!
Cnt wait to get tf outa of dis house a d wack ass state on some real shit
sugar coma!
Tie dye for the Class of 2016? #EarlyStart!!!
YESS U ARE!!
yak overflow?
really?! I think I'm gonna order one!
is spent! Oprah then BED :-D
ten tell her wen u get home u have a new fone
OMG you are going to love the Merlin series. Also Betancourt did a pre amber series, the story of Oberon.
K 15 mins till showtime. Join me live for another saucy episode of "Single Chef". Chicken w/orange tarragon sauce: www.theroomlive.com
Well, i guess we have to drink all the beers in the fridge
January we play the Hypnotic Lounge and you better be right up front!
Touchdown #Giants!
The work day is flying by. Getting closer to my 3 day weekend!
hey luv..Today is my birthday, by Faver congratulate me? luv u 2
I have to resist today. I've had cuppity twice in the past 2 weeks and they are seriously the most delicious in KC!
Watching mean girls in choir.<3
ineed a new ringtone :D Any Suggestions ?(:
Just let Billy's guns speak for all of us.
Who's that cute girl? Can you get me her number? Haha
Profoundly sadden at learning about the passing of Yauch. RIP MCA.
both are important views can help you get sales. But if you have know sales how do you make money in music? Shows? Writer?
Do you have any recs for great greek food here in SD?
We're back from a long weekend in #Napa and #Sonoma with lots of new wine on its way. Did you discover any new favorites recently?
he looks like Andy Warhol/David Bowie to me.
Alex, you are such an amazing friend to Austin! I hope you two get to see each other a bunch!
Thanks for the Brown Dog Day wishes. I hope your Brown Dog Day Dance was a great joy
I seriously think and I might just be doing a dance dare while on this trip..
Im one in a million and a love like mines is hard to find.
HAHAHAH HEY! lol im on this account
yes yes yes yes yes yesyesyesyes sognegnksrlkhrh es,r
do you want to meet me at wardrobe at 11? then we can meet Melanie from there.
We killed!
Our patience will achieve more than our force.
Barack Obama didn't care about same sex marriage for his first three and a half years... all of a sudden a change of heart? Pathetic.
Your not trust me! It takes a lot for me to get annoyed (:
Well then I'm have the not being able to go tomorrow & I HAVE to go tomorrow! & I'm broke again. lmao
Now Obama wants to strike Iran...really..oh its election time
WANT TO TURN YOUR COINS INTO CASH???? We can do that for you at our Coinstar Kiosk.
Uggh! Illness over but the energy drain remains. Any tips for regaining energy QUICKLY! State meet in 2 1/2 weeks!
Do u think this prompting to evolve HELPS his campaign or that the topic will fair better under President Romney?! Come on!!
Happy drinko de mayo!
Dzeko, in a heartbeat. Instantly. Even for like £20m and current wages. Matri? Only for cheap.
every one was like disliking your how to get kicked out of Walmart vid ur coke and mentos vid and I was like wtf ppl?
damn right i'll follow someone named
I can't say that I have. What does it do?
Me and fight like sisters!!
If goodell was a bad commish, we very well might not be watching this draft
are they sunglasses or for reading?
sigh.I don't have the time/energy/letter space to condense constitutional law n2 a format that u will understand
omg yea. Haha thts so weird
Like newsflash employers can see that shit so your just dumb for always talkin about
everyone follow guaranteed 100 followers a day
In many European countries, tradition dictates that any man who refuses a woman's proposal on Feb 29 has to buy her 12 pairs of gloves
It's friday, its friday, yeah I know (;
RT : Graduating MFA student Nathan installing his work for the MFA exhibition opening this Sat (@ Sweeney Art Gallery)...
I think i should have went with hosting miss universe ; ) These woman are beautiful
“: If I ever meet Nathan, I'll Pick him up, Then runaway screaming "YOLO" hahaha
is that Kobe Steak?
Being thin is no fun you fit into everything. I like to struggle in & out my clothes.
The mind is full of unconscious static, tracking back to the very depths of infant memory.
it was great to see so many faces at #bcs2012 I haven't seen in so long
RT I think we should try to get #OptionsOpen trending on here for !! That would be amazing! <3. I second this!
Shopping and following Twitter.
Every other tweet in my timeline is from people telling where they rep.
Should I go to school today??
Thanks to all our members who stopped by Thursday night. We're officially open now! Hours are 4pm-2am Sun-Thurs / 4pm-230am Fri&Sat
I want my life to be exactly like
I have seen death I have stared it in the eyes; trust me life's just begun. Be strong and live on.
": Um fuck your mother."Uh really? ??? Hailey! !!! Ur language. Drop a check in the mail. Ill email u ur invoice :-)
Sometimes you’ve just gotta leave work early to have a drink. Today is one of those times. 2-for-1’s til 7:00!
have to big bro. Come visit real soon
Happy to RT : Anytime anyone mentions #stopchildabusetoday will donate $1 to
I'm glad you all liked it...let me know of future things!
it wouldn't be the same without you ! =)
i won a #blackhistory trivia event last night! however black history=american history. it is 365 days a year, not 28 (29) days in 1 month.
When I Saw Essence TL In Class , I Was Like " You Follow Him Too , He Cute As Shiiiiiit " .
's #BornVillain is a kick in the cunt of his detractors & critics, a fondling of your GF's tits, & a thematic soundtrack. ‡
Hm What's going on with my baby
Will do. I just sent an email to you & Lori. The 1st attempt failed.
Juzz hangin out with the homey gnome!!
why do u judge colored skinny jeans
What, were they all outta Listerine?
The Fluke/War on Women thing is the biggest political miscalculation since McCain suspended his '08 campaign to help bankers.
You post one thing about lingerie and get 5 new followers.
WENT TO BED EARLY AND I WAS HAPPILY ASLEEP BUT NO
The chant that Jaz made for our 12 group>>
same here! Headed to sxsw on Wednesday, though.
This burger >>>>
where does one find not terrible looking shoes with good support for a price that will allow me to keep my limbs?
That would have been bogus AF doe
I'm blushing! Thanks for the compliments.
Sweet home chicago
"If you're not dead... than you're ok"- Eric XDD
Ok, no problem! I like to help!
Thank you for your #mobile accessibility preso at #AccessUSummit. Lots of great info!
new book-binding supplies are on their way, but i'm getting antsy... must. make. something. by. HAND.
#The_Minutes_Of_Madness_Underground_Artist_Showcase_Mixtape Coming Soon, Stay Tuned... S/O
couldn't agree more.
workshop today. Will talk with artisans about promoting themselves for the March 31-April 1 Marketplace.
defiantly! Looking forward to it
NFL Games are on our 28 TV's! Weather is beautiful!
Road Trip!
you're welcome for the vote and thanks for a great product.
Let go of all that is out of your control and just flow.
LilLightHouse Thanks for the follow. Next time you're surfing, stop by our place. (www.wsistratcom.com)
Campfire toast to y'all!
someone should have recorded that
Why does my computer choke whenever I try to send an Excel workbook?
Aww thank you!
What I meant to say is that the blogs I vote for always loses, but it doesn't matter..since I personally found new blogs to read.
DON'T THINK LIKE THAT!! Stay positive! There's a lot more rejection then anything in this business so you have to stay strong &
Ridiculous billboard! When teachers are treated with respect, it's good for schoolchildren. ensures that happens.
#livetweets from church: "remain in me and i will remain in you." You cannot be serious.
One of the main reasons the Post Office is so jacked-up are the passports. It slows the line to a crawl.
I just DM you the info for the Friday Special!
I want to work for Major League Baseball
haha sorry guys!! Just text me on my iPod.
Seems like the past always comes back the second you've found your future
yeah i think i'd be whining too if i had a quarter billion coming from adidas...wait, what?
People irritate me
Watch out Obama here comes Newt....and if you base it on political record alone....Newt blows Obama out of the water.
honestly, I don't even know what a friday or a 420 means
Landing the perfect roleplaying group is statistically similar to finding a gold bar lodged in the carcass of a 200 year old shark.
Just need to snuggle with mom and dad tonight... :'-(
it's official: kelsey's birthday is over. we have sleeping child; repeat: we have sleeping child...
Agriculture loves easy to exploit illegals. We find out how bad it is, when they try to hire Americans to do the same work for slave wages
GET TAN TODAY!! *Specials* Buy 5 Instant Tans for $65! Buy 5 UV Tans and get 2 FREE! Buy 5 Skinny Waters and get 1 FREE WEEK of TANNING!
Haha, great to have you. Share it with some friends so we can expand the community and have more foodies to eat with!
Need to reserve a room for my daughters' birthdays in early March. Need to discuss details with you or someone bro.
Thanks for the follow! This IS my personal account, where I sometimes say things I wouldn't say on :)
hey, did I say you could play "me"?
RT Don't Check 4 Me.. Unless U Got A Check 4 Me. ♥
Hate staying hone ALONE
Giving away bags of lettuce at the shop today! Come grab one. There's only so many vegetables a gal can eat.
You can do it till June.
Morning all! I'll be live tweeting from the for #linkAges -- redefining successful aging through disruptive innovation
“: Used too much Aquifer this mornin on my arm. lookin like a KY wrestler. This shit gets everywhere” <--thats my boss haha :)
you too dear Janice, hope you have a fabulous Friday~~ thanks for thinking of me.
It's not Sunday yet, duh! ;-)
w00t! Congrats to our friends over for being feautred in list of #mothersday gifts for good!...
hahaha the yell before yu go down
Sorry about that folks, API responses are back to normal!
Hey, , did you have a location in mind for the tweetup? Seemed June 10 was working for people, and that's only a month away!
as you should
Today, outside my window, I heard a baby in a stroller accidentally say the word, haiku. I HATE babies.
Don't try to play me for a fool.
thanks for the follow I re tweeted one of yours
Kimmi is singing Don't Stop Believin. Hoosier karaoke complete. Until the next song.
I used to say, that damn Skip Bayless is cynical but usually right. Got to see another side on
neither would i trade her for anything . Nothing can ever be better then her. She has my everything. Heart. My life and soul
The feeling when I'm with you is the exact reason why I never gave up on you when everyone else said to stop trying
Happy to have you, Cheers! RT Didn't think about being on Twitter. Following them now.
#followme while I try and change my body to a slimer one :)
I hope by going "Ari" on him he means he will eat so much sushi he gets mercury poison and almost dies
I gotta RESTify come up in the spot looking extra stateless.
Heading down now!
": DO THIS NOW: Type "find chuck norris" into Google and hit "I'm feeling lucky"." This is funny
no shes not
Lauren Terrill and I
Perhaps George Zimmerman received plastic surgery in the back of the cruiser to correct his broken nose?
Should hit out west tonight but (C)ynthia,(T)iffany,and( A)ntionette don't be acting right about this time!!
I feel you in my bones. You're knocking at my windows.
I want this settled. Ball is in the other court now.
god damn i'm jealous
Planning a weekend in Louisville. Any restaurant recommendations? Breakfast, lunch, and dinner advice needed!
omg. You never fail to tweet random things<3
Hey! Morning Show returns TONIGHT @ 11 w/ Taylor Negron, Stone & Stone, Function for Fiction + guest co-host Phil Wells! Don't not be there!
After last night's #SOA I'm putting money on Michael Chikliss showing up next season. Takers?
you're an OLD, UGLY, FAT, BITTER BITCH...good luck!!....not.
can't wait to meet you on the 28th!
Time for #CMLbookchat! Tonight we are talking about books from your academic past. It's back to school month, so why not?
Just how does a grown man in a superhero tights get fingers sticky enough to climb walls? Nana-nana-nana Onanman!
Loving how fast my new MacBook Pro (8GB RAM) blows through transcoding. Very convenient for jobs where I have to operate out of a car.
Knowing the semester is ending only makes me think of how homesick I may be this summer when I'm abandoned by my friends in Bg.
flyers female fans have massive beer guts
- yep, on my way too.
Where are you, superstar? Are you in New York? :)
There are about a million ants per person. Ants are very social animals and will live in colonies that can contain almost 500,000 ants.
Blog For the People Not the Money.
The yellow fever
there's good for those who love God; it might take a little time, but you'll see the bigger picture...press on and fight the good fight
Getting ready for work.
RT your best #cashback reward from this week!
Plainfield did good but we couldnt come out with the win against New Pal, county next week
yes he trying to take me out to the beach! he bout to drive from ft lee to williamsburg to va beach! wahhh
Yeah, never tried it, was playing way too much Quake at that time.
I'm watching Never Say Never man I haven't seen it in soo long ;,) .......OMB. I just AH!!!
“: I don't wanna see where the world will be if women start thinking like men.. God made us different for a reason.”
I know you're right and we needed Marcum to get Greinke, but ughh. Next year is going to suck.
why did that one girl like my status on Facebook. she just needs to get out
going to the pool with my momma <333
It's definitely not a science but you can the scientific method for some of it and you can use observation for more
#NeverHaveIEver owed so much to a band for saving my life, as well as blessing it.
Like it up Crimson Management
#what #are #you #talking #about?
lol I know. It made my night ha.
just sent out two external emails in which I misspelled "Pennsylvania."
Morning. Man, just been sleeping like a bear lately so trying to get up to speed quickly.
7:45 dentist appointment tomorrow AM is not cool.
Fake Foreverfly that's that shit I don't like!!
it's the context that makes it work
RT News confirms veteran television and radio personality Dick Clark has died at 82 >> aww, so sad.
black crown is not one individual george , we are a team and we support you:)
lol girl u crazy...u paranoid...u got ppl watching u or something? Lol nah dats cool u better get one!!!:-)
Had a HS lit teacher grind that into me. So painfully true.
i really felt bad when sponge bob ripped his pants lol that song was moving
where u at?
life form footprint
I swear I'm looking at Buddy Garrity here at the #NYLA11 trade show. The resemblance is uncanny, down to the gold chain.
I know. I just had to vent—typo and all.
Keys to a Steeler win against the Patriots dlvr.it/sP7nk
it was only 10 min. but it made my day #Austrem <3 thank you
you dance horribly, but i like it becuz its funny... there is no hating... its like falling in love with an ugly person
I can't do that sober. But I'm also not saying I'm sober.
#FridayReads is still #NBCC winner Binocular Vision by Edith Pearlman. I am SO slow tho it is SO good. 5 New Yorkers to catch up on too.
look at you doe growing up so fast :)
What are you planning to do for #EarthDay?
Glad I got to see friends from FAMU today... Made my day
Going to sleep now. Hope you all have a great night. Please do show your moms you love them! <3
i write for like 650 words before i start the "actual paper." oh boy my professor's not going to be happy. but it is a STELLAR PAPER
