no problem thanks for the support!! Watch for new songs in the next couple weeks!!
yes, it's raining in Austin -- a wet welcome all the Brits attending SXSWi ;-)
how is your dog?
impressed with pro. $49 annual subscription just paid for itself 6X over by emailing me about a $300 drop on a ticket I bought.
RT : "Institutions are radical ideas cast in concrete." How do you include space for future creativity?
You best get on down to Casa Vicente at 8pm tonight or you'll miss the fun! Tablao tonight and tomorrow!!
Concealed carry update: Wisconsin employers consider gunfights in company parking lots.
Halloween at High Noon: Exhumed the Hits - 18 Songs spanning 4 full length albums. Only $6.99 @ Amazon mp3 -
Anyone out there use ? How do you like?
Happy Thanksgiving! Turkey or Ham?
Kid might have some books smarts... but he needs to get streetwise! That's no way to work the system.
and be totally nakedd
have a nice day everyone! =]
don't retweet articles by the dickhead
There is maybe one person reading who will get this, but I'm thinking WebGenDB error report madlibs would streamline my daily routine.
ESPN Chicago: High-energy Samardzija throttles Reds - LockerPulse
poppin' the bubbly as Pro Champs
is listening to #AbbeyRoad by The #Beatles. You should be too!
i did too haha
I MISS U!
#FOLLOW for a
What is the best hotel Facebook page you have seen? Why was it the best?
The Google profile has to be the center of the experience on Google+ #smss12 via
did u do ur history
People who are struggling need our care & compassion.
Congrats to on the sale of her new novel to HarperCollins--I just learned this awesome news today!
I never wanted him. He even trying to play tonight. Terrible : Just think some people wanted to trade for Howard. #Knicks”
Trivia: Casablanca and Rebel Without a Cause are the only two movies in 13 years that have been repeated at Screen on the Green.
I'm glad you enjoyed it... Thanks
you think you might change the way I feel, teach me to let my guard down
Way to go clarksville. Shoot the fireworks where we can't see them.
now you know I gotta steal some of ur quotes lol
i live about 5 minutes away, don't tempt me with your curly fries now xD.
Nothing breaks the soul like chronic pain. My prayers are with anyone out there who has had to endure pain for a long period of time
I am a big user of zotero, so unfortunately safari is not an option for me right now :-)
you guys. i tell ya. you're great :)
good morning ( :
Getting some fun feedback from my #altsummit post! Maybe I'll start blogging more about all of my embarrassing experiences...
Fortman: People are resilient, creative, and want to work.
Uh oh the Saints are playing the Giants. Someone I know will be upset no matter who wins. I'd better just hide under the couch
she says "thats ok. I actually found a letter from you from sept..."
At club chrome wit Charlie boy and dorrough Stoney crook records baby
Spending the morning in DC by myself & looking forward to it.
I never had a boyfriend that be lurking so much !!!! <<<<< I wish to never never have one !!!
Let's go racing! Here's to an amazing safe 2012 season!
give us a call when you can. Tried to call earlier today and got voicemail.
Thanks! I think I've done a pretty good job fielding the hit so far (might as well keep going w/the baseball metaphor).
Ive seen the cutest men ever today I'm glad was there to experience with me
ice cream makes me HAPPY :)
kids have stolen 3 of our class iPods I got donated so they could do more interactivity. Why steal from urself?!
STS Executive Committee is meeting virtually for the first time - about 25-30 members. Fingers crossed for better than complete chaos! :)
Thanks so much. We're blessed to have so many new Jesuit graduates in the world.
#iloveyoubut it is hard being 2nd to the Marines, even if I do understand.
Thank You as Well Honey!!! RT : S/o to for these new pieces!!!! Just tried them on and love'em...Thanks Lady!!!!
85 today, hopefully I'll see some ass 
Ure blasting Empire State of Mind while driving thru Brooklyn. Really? I know we're all excited to be here but that seems like a little much
hey thanks 4 being a voice in the fight against
morning back!
praying for you Dsimber!
I played basketball to try to get my parents from working so hard. James Worthy
Unfortunately, can't help u with that. Surely there's some kinda calendar/scheduling app. Good luck in your search!
First day of school and already at the pub. tacos and beer!
kids are still mourning Terra Nova's demise :(
The increasing number of drones government is purchasing shows its prominence for U.S. security or insecurity.
Follow me and maybe u will be lucky enough to get more than 50 followers in 2days
I'm not sure yet! Why, whatsup skankalicious??
We do indeed have #PersonalLibrarians for all students & faculty. Admin departments someday, too.
no its not
Thanks to the WooHoo, my friend. I'm really liking your Mexico-themed background, too. Very lively & colorful (like you!). :)
Happy Easter!! Have an amazing day with family!
catching a few movies on #netflix and eating pizza with the girls.
that was so ridiculous...and that Elvis haircut....Bieber, the buying street cred thing isnt hot
I missed Reyes and Infante. Pink Bats?
I hate when people suddenly fall asleep without saying goodnight -_______-
Any Budget Printing reopens at 8:30am tomorrow after the great #sdblackout of 2011.
two high fives? Not even sure if we're bargaining or if you're just repeating the word "macdougal" but I'm gonna try.
Mr. Odams class reminds me soo much of the class on Freedom Writers :)
It takes like no time at all for my mom to find out about shit.
perfect it looks like a 911 perfect!!
You're very welcome! I hope it can make a difference. Such a horrible barbaric thing.
Is anyone I know (or you know) interested in preserving/archiving Operation Ivy's live footage and audio? If so, feel free to DM me!
Commission on Sustainability meeting, Tuesday 9/26 @ 4:00 pm, 417 E. Fayette St. 8th floor. Open to the public.
I feel like Five Hour Energy Xtra should be called Six Hour Energy
Kobe Bryant is the best player in the NBA right now.
hahahaha that is awful for your life. it comes in handy quite a bit.
Music is life ...
Peace Corps is a need not an experiment it was 50 yrs ago.
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 16
Lol yess :D I NEED HER CLOTHES !!!!!
Did you write down the booklist? We should start a shared google doc.
I think Lamarth Vader had something to do with it.
Heading to #AAUW for a screening of Looking forward to finally seeing what the buzz is all about!
I disaprove of your nonmetal/rock ways, why you rebelling?
My heart goes out to any and all human beings in North Carolina who were told they are less than such today.
u know its funny-i wrote everybody high for me,as an outlet to let loose-never dream how many would feel the same way-i luve it!1 true fans
has anybody used an FHA loan before?
¦ ) thanks for following back
I.e.: "ponies love rainbows & eat bagels," vs. "ponies love rainbows, & unicorns eat bagels." Not always essential even so.
I woke up to my nieces beautiful face this morning. We had girls night last night! 💅👠👗👙🎀💄
who back up steve blake?
This has been 1 of the best #FF ! Thank you and welcome to all my new tweeps. I appreciate each and everyone of you!
Triple booting my Mac and other fun geekiness tonight
“: Dear #youngpreacher please remember that God is watching over u and out for you! U r not Alone!”
The Blues have played each final 4 team this spring season losing by a combined 11 points 0 Metro - 8 Palmer - 1 Belmont -2
8 mile run with a cold but no asthma attack!
w'sup dude.
North Park...San Diego.
Part bear, part machine...all Teddy.
wow! Thanks for the mention!
it was fantastic meeting with you and forward to am extraordinary event:-)
like I'm Not gonna throw down in the hometown gonna have like 4-5 in San Antonio
I was excited to find out Morrison was going to be part of the #Blackhawks.....I'm hoping he will be a good fit!
follow back, ehh?(:
Get your paddles ready! It is time to give and make a difference. #SEIPDX #WellsFargoHere+Now
I love seersucker
: Okay, some of you have asked, I have a new tattoo but right now I'm trying to liver all the beer out of my body. #IhopeLi ...
New item very soon: UNIVERSAL HANDCUFF KEY NECKLACE #getout ofjail
I've spend my night watching Chace Crawford and Ed Westwick videos. I live such an exciting existence.
thanks! We have a lot of fun on our trips...
i love ur new vid, you have an amazing voice <3
Got these haters mad.
.not having anything to do on a saturday night >>>
If I didn't slow down I'd be a townhouse about now lmao
At some point, I'm just going to have to give in and download and play Angry Birds. I can't take the pressure and hype any longer.
Very inspiring words. Thanks for the quote!
That's amazing! So proud of you, big. Missed you earlier tonight at the alumnae dinner :)
absolutely, get 'em started young!
Don't get it. 40k a plate = 13 million -- but programs loose funding because there isn't enough money? I am moving to Canada.
I know, I was wondering if you knew what channel it was being aired on in the US?
"As long as we maintain our common resolve our journey moves forward and our future is hopeful" Great speech Obama!
of course! what do you do there?
Ready to see you folks in the panhandle in Navarre for the shows this weekend!
Just had a great meeting with Stay tuned for a big announcement coming soon!
We have to stop the American Dream from just being a dream. The injustices done to the Middle class must end.
Thanks for the support!
better do some stretches. Maybe a warm up lap.
oooooowwwww!!!!!! Lol I been could roll ;-)
super easy - I actually took a pasta making class at Daves fresh pasta in Davis which is so fun
skip be sippin before the show!
Flow is the mental state of operation when an athlete is fully immersed in a feeling of energized focus, full involv., & success
wait Rach told me she was cooking a dinner for me. Who is harey and Carey?
I dnt get woke up to nothin like tht
hoping i get to them before the year runs out
Hey, , just wanted to let you know that I will be discontinuing your service due to your recent rate increase. Thanks for the flix!
had to get home early! Haha
lol girl dnt get me pump up.
i found out the song that reminds me of you listen to crazy girl by eli young :)
Thank yall so much! We really loved talking to yall. It was def girls' night!
Gus, Perry, Latoya, Disco, Tendency, Grass Bros., Portraits, Sketch, , Brothers Garss + Special Guests! 5/20/12 OTP
the front page of the newspaper today has a girl throwing newborn puppies in a river, how psychotic are people these days?
...and goodnight
I used to watch the TO show (thx GF), he's always playing the "woe is me" card. No one feels sorry for a guy who made/blew $88M.
sometimes a nigga gotta #flexUP like #bitch u think ima slouch lol
"I'd Rather Be Lucky Than Good" - Jesse The Body Ventura
Expect a Halloween special edition LOVIEE up in the next couple of days with regular postings to resume in November.
why do i worry so much?
There are some exciting Xs & Os possibilities for Lakers end-of-game situation being drawn on my timeline. Should have happened last night.
happy birthday from Boston!
Thank you for the kind words!
"Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is." H. Jackson Browne
thanks Brian!
But the message is the same. #Israel is a great country and a great nation. #Zionism is in. #Judaism is in--Caroline Glick
Good point. Wouldn't MOST ppl say "It is extremely challenging to support myself as a [fill-in-the-blank]" these days?
I don't wanna go to work today 😖👎
Been busy with auditions... Always a good sign.
Wishing I never did the the electro-optics degree. Shoulda just did normal #optics. Ugh
If Goldman S allegations are true I'm wondering how serious the implications for global banking confidence will be & knock-on impact - AGAIN
You're a beast. Congratulations!
I doubt the shooting at Towson mall was random. Settle down people, the statistics are still favoring safe shopping.
Wish I could get you out of my mind. -_-
Pretty successful day I'd say.. Graduation invites done, clean car, and somewhat of a clean room
thanks for all that you do! You rock
I can dig it :}
Yup! We were there for the stuff Friday and then spent saturday morning at the festival proper. third year in a row! loved it!
Practicing belly dance for just 20 minutes EVERY day makes a BIG difference. Helps more than a couple of longer practices, I think.
Working hard and chilling with the King !
Thanks Jim. Sonoma was great. My parents are over from Scotland and we had a wonderful time. Back to the cold SF summer today!
im totally out of the loop today...Havi fired, but Kitchen stays!? Man we played that really wrong! :/
“: I like my dress:-)on your picture”I know I have such great taste I was smart when I bought it for u fits us both😊
listening to DEMI LOVATO skyscraper.. love it
How many of you have visited Heaven when you had a near-death experience? Share that experience with me and others.
Unfortunately I do not think we have a functioning one at the moment but its 713-227-DEAN
Interesting 4th Street Forum on Voter ID, not liking the tone of a certain legislator... Yikes.
I have a feeling this is going to be a long stressful week 😁
what up.
X videoS
We would love to have you, Alpana! Anytime!
#JustWishICouldSmile but God is never wrong.... So something great is coming
Its that time of year
Shorter new website domain same great food Platinumcce.com
I'm upset I didn't get to see him tonight.
When u constantly get asked if you had your hair done recently & it's been a month u know u have a great stylist cc
Lots of clapping today! Great news! Luckily the lights aren't powered by The Clapper! #WTASummit #TourismMatters #ClapOn!!
4lbs of mac and cheese
Baby Carter enjoys Britney Spears and her music videos! I'm the best babysitter ever!
seriously idk but your my #FAVORITE #
east side lawlz
Thanks, I took care of those over the last week in Vegas.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -Walt Disney
Thx! MT : #FF Follow progressive MA tweeters & us
where ya at???
i really don't understand why some people say they want to be in a relationship so badly. it's so much easier to not be.
Lack of sleep from late shows it's not only psychically tiring but mentally too.I am in such a bad mood...
upside-down is in right now.
Love Caffe Medici in Austin! This is a pretty cool place to pick up an evening Latte or glass of wine.
RT Last year's Madden Curse on Peyton Hillis so strong it affected Peyton Manning and Sean Payton. Bad year to be Peyton.
Australian is an easy language to pick up!
#PRDLA Singapore Nat. U's Yap on using social media in the libs - e.g., reading student tweets on how they plan to break library rules.
Congratulations! RT : WOW! We hit 900 followers last night! Hope u enjoy the food reviews as much as we enjoy providing them!
My New Clothes Came In Today 😁😁😁
#DEDICATEDTO ALL THE BIPOLAR PEOPLE ON THE PLANET FUCK BOTH OF THE PEOPLE INSIDE UR HEAD
Seven mile run today in the warm sunshine, fast and fun. Tired of the dark cold early mornings! Bring on summer!
BUSTER BLUTH IS ON SVU Y'ALL
"You're frying yourself" -asha
Thank You For Mentioning us!! Happy Father's Day Weekend!
When you try to draw Niall Horan and it turns out a little more like Justin Bieber<<<<<<. KILLING MYSELF BYE
Cheap RT : The San Francisco Giants have signed lefthander Madison Bumgarner to a five-year, $35 million extension.
- hello! I love my trilobite surlyramics I got at TAM8
Q5 #indieview. I think there may be a generational divide on this one! Honestly if kids are READING ANY BOOK, I'm for it.
Hey squirrel if dis is really u I just saw u on bring us that Gold back from London son!!!
boo, you're just missing craft beer week!
RT : It's time for 's annual Mother's Day photoshoot: 11am - 1pm, Wilson Commons TODAY. Come tell your mom you ♥ her!
Holding it down on KISS FM until 7! Feeling really good for a Monday!!
Straight-Up Cash.. Bookholders is where it's at :) Come into the STORE right now and sign up for flyering!!!
looks delicious even in the unassembled stage. You might be giving me some motivation here.
. And a big thanks to for the grants that send our outstanding members to Chicago!
lol my lips r like sugar this candys got him sprunglol!!!1!
Hahaha B12 is amazing!! Gives you energy!
I was taught to ask reporters what my deadline was for getting them what they needed.
ONE-LINER: What we anticipate seldom occurs; what we least expect generally happens.
Hahaha. Obama, The Roots & Jimmy Fallon singing slow jams about keeping student loan rates low...amen to that!
Today's Birthdays: Country singer-musician Tim Raybon (The Raybon Brothers) is 49. Actor Jeffrey Donovan is 44.
Being alive in this manic world Is nothing more than a miracle.. That is all!
Is this lincoln-douglas debate newt had been talking about.
whoa, that sounds like an awesome conference.
wtf. why won't any songs play on my laptop..
I'm chillin', but my swag's on full attack
Baseball: Canby adds two more runs after Bryce Beatty's suicide squeeze and Trevor Laib's RBI single. Leads Oregon City 3-0 after 2.
Gov Haslam: Our main problem (regarding education) is cultural.
you miss my outrageous outburts, don't lie to my face, through Twitter, another preposition that fits...
I have to decline but thanks for the offer. Work leaves no room for outside commitments
"See me. Feel me. Shoot me."
Thinking as a scientist. Around 4th grade kids lose interest in science.
start reminding me a little more often.. Please #hahahahaha #hatethis 😠
any news on the schedule c fix for online edition?
Carlton, thanks for your questions, Morehouse Man!
And then there were 4. Next week we'll know the 2 teams coming to Indianapolis to help us celebrate our great party.
"Accept me for myself or not at all. Any other arrangment cheats us both."---Father Joe Sica
don't hit on my mom...
Be the first to LIKE us!
Me: Cleaning is HARD! My sister: That's why it's called "housework" and not "housegoodtimes."
Football Fans: Saturday @ 5pm, #SDSU takes on the New Mexico Lobos. Watch the game on Time Warner Cable, San Diego Channel 4.
The Evernote session is packed. I'm on the floor in an aisle.
I just like saying it. Hot spacho!!! RT : Retweet if you love the hot spacho
at the track meet with and
Still Single Tho <<<
It's been a little over a week since having septoplasty, and I can already breathe better than I have ever been able to before!
uh, I don't have such an app.
we, and I, beleive if ubhad a card last year its the same card as there is no expiration date.
June 12 is my lucky day
why u not going out tonight? The night is like an infant right now!
Thanks for the support Pattie :)
True story: we had to pluck from the Caribbean for Saturday's Timbers game. Gotta love the guy. Get well John Strong.
oh ok #whew where at? Within my realm of protection?
It's 100° !! Here in Nevada your
RT Caro is also #1 on the nonfiction e-book bestseller list, for the readers who'd rather not carry around a 736-page hardcover
Hey Sam!(:
I WANT YOUR PROM DRESS.
I'll keep an eye out for him. : This is an APB out for you're playing in 25 minutes! Where are you ? lol
follow back!!!!
thank you thank you :) \m/
Stay tuned for 2 new balance bikes coming this fall.
I don't even know the mission/vision at my site, it's far too complicated
must be good, it's checked out everywhere
ouch lol, tell your friends to be careful!
Re-watching the very first episodes of ! Still adore the beginning of my second favorite love story, Finn & Rachel! <3
You're welcome! Thanks John.
#victorymarmoset might be my favorite thing of the early season
shoutout to , she that deal cuz [: FOLLOW HER (:
Not in a rush just need to know when to duck RT : YUp I'll have it up tonight.
Shabbas at the Spodeks! Can't believe that I have a week left!
Yes I know many people who were raised in a denomination but now choose not to have any relp but they r still reverent
Likewise. Haha, yep, I think heavy duty off-road shock absorbers would help :)
No one has ever been able to pull off a mock turtle neck like Carl Sagan.
Cloudy here, so declaring that streetlamp my
I would love to hear what KSR listeners think about Friday's call. Send them my way.
Does Fritz have a Twitter lol
this is stressful :(
Someone tweet me please
Ate dinner at the mall. Go to the party eat again. Go to Nessa's asks us if she wants to eat. Lowkey wanted to...
Love. RT : Show name... Two Blondes and "The Belt"?
If Harry Potter was cloned + went 2 outer space it would be like going 2 Mars w Tom Sachs + his adorably attired studio crew.
Who's coming to the zoo with me 😁🐒🐯
We will be performing a special show at the Eddyville State Penitentiary on Sunday DEC 18th. We are happy about that.
Seattle with my boys! Good to be home!
love u! Ah
#touch <3 I am in love
yea Me too lol
If we celebrated Precedents Day, the first one would be the hardest.
You think you on google ain't it.... What you talking about I'm talking to you,,, #TazzThatAzz!
Saw it in theaters when it came out, bro. C'mon. Don't treat me like I don't know good cinema.
At 14 I had begun reading. Actually I was 13 when I caught the bug. I was in Karachi Pakistan. The language was Gujarati. I had to rent bks
Raiders of the Lost Arc on the big screen April 22... sometimes I love this town.
i love you
Sitting in the airport lounge sipping on whiskey and getting ready to board a flight to Sweden to cast DreamHack.
I don't run away from you, I walk slowly, and it kills me because you don't care enough to stop me.
ATTENTION: If your Twitter is protected/private I am having a hard time following you guys back. I'm not sure why. If anyone knows.. help!
Which Coffee Blend this moanin?! #weedropweerock!!!
#imagine laying in bed with Austin, Alex comes in "aww you two are adorable" you&Austin look at each other and smile♥
Commission meeting starts.
Beat Valentine's Day ever:)
Card dead for an hour to busto in 23rd place for peanuts...
super sorry for my slacking g. I will have tht joint to yu by Monday. An ima shoot one yall way too
Have a great week!
Very exciting to see 'food deserts' in the United States get new food sources indeed!
I don&#39;t come on my space much u have to look me up on face book under krayon Matthews . Miss u all.
Just sent in my video audition for Radio Disney's NBT 2012. Let's hope they enjoy it!
The #Aztec leaders at the half are Franklin 12 points, Franklin 7 rebounds, and L Franklin 3 assists.
Philly Brown! Hell yeah Buckeyes!!
I can't get pregnant anymore, but just glancing at that tweet made me sweat a little!
nothing on my way to work unfortunately
Some people should not be allowed to drive
'Abdu'l-Bahá is talking music with Madame Ragna Linne at the Plaza, the Norwegian-Swedish opera singer.
Ha no worries.
Love that I'm watching dolphins off the coast on a random Sunday afternoon :)
why you hate jb/
please follow me ! :)
Thank you, kind sir! Keep the fires burning. :)
I ate my head weight in ceviche tonight. I'm not sure how this will pan out for my work event tomorrow morning.
FREE HOT DOGS AND VEGGIE DOGS!!! : guest bartenders for HAPPY HOUR 5-8, 21+, no cover thanks !!
he gave me an ultimatum and I didnt take the other option so he was just like fine we're not friends
For years, mine's been "Monster trucks." Not sure why, just sounds funny
I WASN'T ALWAYS THE SUAVE MOFO I AM TODAY. (Oh dear. Did I ruin that?) P.S. Thanks.
See ya later RT : Hey everyone if you're looking for a nice Happy Hour in a 4-Star spot at 2-Star prices check out
I really wanna go to the #GYM 😞
Keep the iPad near. I may text you. Heehee! I think I'm ready to see who Shane ends on the show.
Protected by the queen of the sky.
The same variables that make #some charter schools excellent, should be applied in public schools.
#UK is trying to take the #LA #Clippers' Lob City crown fasho! haha
Alot of woman never give men the opportunity because theyre insecure and confused.
7 Brides for 7 Brothers...they don't make 'em like they used to!
it's not like she was extremely unattractive, but she was less attractive than usual? that was my point. don't hate me aw.
Landscape images submitted by Aaron P and Peter K will also be uploaded at the end of the month
Yea... Music this weekend for sure
Don't break any mirrors!
can't believe it's still snowing...even downtown!
You don't need an excuse to ENJOY life #justbe # localROC
And I give thanks for an amazing guy like . <3
Is it sad i immediately go Zach Braff? RT : Would u rather hav Morgan Freeman or James Earl Jones b voice narrating ur life?
This cuteness is making me want to kill myself seriously :(
We want to thank everyone for coming out to our holiday party. We are so appreciative for all of our fabulous interpreters and team!...
I don't know what I'd do without Austin you're amazing and totally talented. I love you.<3
Frisson! RT The accidental intimacy of bumping umbrellas.
Just witnessed a fight in the mothers day card isle at Target. Older dads. It was confrontational yet polite at the same time. I'm confused.
We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal and then leap in the dark to our success. Henry David Thoreau
same here, but if you DVR rewind Shazam could be on to something.
Unfortunately it is on...I'm just trying not to watch....
One "ugh" and one "not surprised" from me about Top Chef tonight.
Stoked to be putting on the #DMNStweetup tonight. These folks are going to love robotic T. Rex.
I dont like playing WWF cuz 2 many people be putting down words everyone and they mama dont know Foo you barely grad HS how u know dat word?
Memphis tomorrow. 🚗
Gonna miss him a lot thoughh /: Just glad, we're a lot closer nowww :)
Other grp discussed Digital Labor and Intellectual Property - gendered roles of library workers, intellectual work vs. clerical
Good thing they took my bottle cap, as dirty as #dcu is I'd consider throwing it at them! playing much cleaner than DC.
I'm probably out $7, but that was awesome.
is was good just tired
Are you looking for a job here? No, I don't want a job, I want a hobby that pays!
You got to check the effects they are coming uo with, iam using them, they are totally magic and amazing, beautiful!, original music video
getting ready for CHURCH !!! yah ! KENDRA AIRS TONIGHT!!!!
: A dolla make me holla. RT It is called The Lost Art of Being a Child.
I think so too
can you tell both Yung and Lily are asleep and that I'm too boggy to get to work? Will stop bugging you now.
Rest In Peace Junior.... So sad!
hey it is i love it i think it is great
Packers, eh, we'll take it.
Getting ready to listen to Aniban Basu! He's a funny funny man!
sounds like is hitting up Monterey (and SF) soon. What places do you suggest? What was that one in Monterey?
seriously, i'd rather study chemistry or calculus before reading or building another boring conference realignment story.
No doubt RT 3.5 seconds = 5 seconds on the West Coast
hi guys i ran my two miles - eugene
If you need tax help, call Paseo Verde Lib (4926580) or Green Valley Lib (2074261) to schedule an AARP Tax Aide appt. Appts are going fast!
absurd score, wp
Omg what to do..
Best Buy chimes in with MacBook laptop deals
New to twitter who should i follow
It was filmed at the Radisson Lord Baltimore hotel in Baltimore MD :-)
Rick Amato was on KUSI morning news this morning..... Great Interview...
... for the shout out. Thanks again.
#goseeksomehelp if u have been divorced for 18 years and still jealous of your ex-husband's wife.
ebay searching/ebay shopping
And is moving on to the 4rd Round! Who RU rooting for - Vandy or Harvard? Will we see a Ivy League of the Midwest vs Harvard?
no database that ties the comments to other comments. very hard to group comments, & must be customized in each project.
Gentleness is not about being nice or polite. It's having an attitude that says I don't need 2 manipulate or control U.
Jamal Crawford had made 33 straight FT's before that miss. (Via )
Our first intuitions are the true ones. Emile M. Cioran
Instead of saying all of your goodbyes let them know you realize that life goes fast, its hard to make the good things last
of course dear, if your coming to the crackhouse next week, i may be there with a few items.
Before everyone forms a line to suck Lester's dick let's all realize he just beat the #Mariners . They are 16-21, #RedSox are 16-19.
Is it 5pm yet? Man I could use a nice little adult beverage
See you tonight! RT : Dinner club at tonight. Woohoo! Can't wait. I'm starving.
My favorite FOOD Network star is, hands down, Alton Brown. Who's yours?
I do not think "sew pant legs together" means what I think it means. Disappointed.
anyone wanna help me get to follow me? :)
Should I get a gif boom? Nah.
Me and working on powerful suicide story-in wake of Junior Seau's death. What we can learn from this tragedy 6p
Framing of this debate makes it hard 2 argue for the ongoing relevance of spiritual thought w/o reducing it & atheism to absurd poles
Thank you for the inclusion in PR Daily
cause i, i still turn to you
oh did you get yours!? I can't wait to get mine!
2 improv shows this week! 1 event! and of course El Mari Chi Chi Cinco de Mayo show on Satday!
I don't know where I would be without you... Your honest reason in still here... If I didn't have u. I dont think I would still be alive...
Let me ask this a bit differently: of the options you noted, which seems most popular among Pyramid devs & users?
Visit the Museum of Fine Arts for free tonight and every Wednesday night from 4:45-9:45 ( via )
And thanks for all the new #follows today! Stay tuned for #DTLA #artwalk updates all day today
LA Times reporting Nick Montana commits to UW! Awesome job Coach Sark! AWESOME!
Leslie Turner of has blocked extra point, return of onside kick for TD in first half against Pittsburgh.
Cool, keep me posted...
and u didn't even share?
Serving the community through various programs!
Signature win for IU and Tom Crean. Good to see some life back in Assembly Hall.
Time for MNF! Catch the Rams vs. Giants at TK Downtown and support a local charity JUST by showing your awesome face!
It's raining.
have i been untwitterblocked by you?
hahahah probably not as good as the first one but I have to see it!!!! #best movie
Thankfully my brother kept his playstation 2 #ps2 I am being able to enjoy #final #fantasy #ff10 as well :D
What I look like worried over you, have you seen me?
#Mondo needs his own show !!
IT’S PUMPKIN DONUT SEASON!! Try one before they’re gone!
Public Enemy came on my Pandora station this am, and I thought of you. And that they seem so tame compared to rap now.
I always be Fallin asleep when I do that
Good to know you! "Education of TEA One Sip at a TIME!"
Beginning today.
“: U gotta be able too see too get a nigga back.. #blindfury”ctfu ok I quit
O just realized I crossed the 13k tweet mark. I deserve like 50 followers for that right?! :)
... just landed in Miami. How was your sandwich?
you sir are awesome, and yes we can!
did you like the first one?
Dirty Minds author says: you're more than an author. You're also marketer, publicist, cheerleader & quarterback.
I really meant the poster. Looks fake.
Thanks ! Can't wait to tell you about it!
Bf not even answering the calls but I'm not pressed...life goes on...
We are going to reveal parts of our drink packaging in the next week or so. Very appealing if we do say so ourselves.
Sorry, if your profile pic is an egg, I won't follow you back.
I love you too!
Best dressed: Michelle William's by far #Oscars - also loved Rooney Mara (though a lot of people didn't)
I Hate Homework!
The baseball. Chopping it up on baseball.sprnetwork.com. Live at 3pm Pacific Time.
Taking my little sophomore friend to meet The Situation this weekend. Dead, dying, convulsing all over.
Cucumber with lemon & salt & chile tajin yum 
; think ima go have some drinks tonight, since them hoe's is free 😜
Ha, me and you both. This phone number issue cracks me up. Cheers!
Ik my arm looks different and weird but of your going stare plrasee stop making it so obvious
Spread the word, suggest us to your friends :)
50,000+ hours logged in 's Caring Counts drive! Do we like to volunteer or what?
RT : Only 11 months 'til Christmas..Give your boss a very early gift...toss 'em for ! Nomination portal is ope ...
Lips stained red from a bottle of wine.
Yes indeed, the people 2 rows up on this plane have 2 whining dogs. "Shut up, Roxie!" doesn't seem to be working.
How are ideas selected, some aren't very good.
Why do you ALWAYS do this to me at the last minute? UGH.
Maybe cook a little bit less? Perfectly juicy burgers need no sauce. Also, cheddar is good but basic. Change up the cheese.
I keep meaning to try that place! Does it really hold up to the hype?
Ur a doll! RT : Support my dear friend and attend this years America's only toy & game fair open 2 public
Yo I'm starving these ppl in 2 hurry up I'm ready 1 eat!!!!
At rehearsal. Just got viciously elbowed by Cristen Barnes over a script. She now has my part.
we need to discuss Hannah, Marney, & all the happenings on 'Girls!'
someone take me somewhere Saturday.
CAN'T. STOP. LISTENING. to "Coming Up Strong"!! May 8th needs to get here faster so I can hear the rest of
they look skinny.. are you feeding them enough?
Leif's word for computer is "gab," which is short for Yo Gabba Gabba--clearly the only reason computers exist for 2 yr olds.
RT : is on this list - "Super Bowl Sneak Peek: 10 Ads with Winning Online Buzz" slidesha.re/zeGgBl
let's drink on it; put our heads together and think on it ♥
Oh #facebook .. I dont have time this week to learn new #timeline rules for brands!!
well, I wasn't concerned about the way she looked. I just liked he voice. Haha.
Well, this explains a lot of the awkwardness in my day. RT it's "Hug a Newscaster Day"...that's both exciting and terrifying.
whats good envy i noticed that ja rule #PIL2 album is doing good lately on the billboards
this is gonna make me sound desperate but..YOLO! I wanna boyfriend..
dang y folks be watching u like that? I mean u aint nobody lol...
Turning into a very Merry Christmas. Best wishes to all!
is this a finalfour tweet commercial ?
We're shooting tonight... we're not shooting tonight... we're shooting tonight... we're not shooting tonight... we're shooting tonight!
Ford pools EV, hybrid research as fuel prices jump Ford is devoting one of its largest research labs to the development of hybrid, plug-i
I like sweets :)
I know, that could be terrible! Hopefully she can take a look and get it fixed right away. cc
I've Never Been To Stubborn To Admit When I'm Wrong !
I want to start training for a 1/2 marathon :)
You needa thug in ya life cuz busstas ain't loving ya right
Rich says singing with band yes, but no karaoke machine
Holy shit. Ed Dickson caught a pass!!!!
At theraphy for my ankle.
A marriage is a partnership- Partnership starts with the letter P, so does Protect, Provide & Pleasure!
Isaiah 1:17 "Stop doing wrong, learn to do right! Seek justice, encourage the oppressed. Defend the cause of the fatherless..."
calling me a blind chick... Please...
Forget this life Come whit me Don't look back Unlock your heart Drop your guard No one's left to stop you
Lets play how many twitter followers I can lose in 10 minutes. I've already lost 7.
Why don't we actually address reducing teacher layoffs instead of attacking teachers?
I miss you boo boo! :( this is crazy having not been able to see you...
A lot of people dying young these days...smh
“: SHOWCASE!!!!! ” Good luck NYFA students!! Break legs!
I would bring something but our money went toward my momas party but I thought I would be good enough, so im bringing myself
I like that idea a lot. Dressed as Thorin.
Watched 9 hrs of TV Sun.! Caught up on A LOT of shows in the DVR, & deleted some from the recording list...sorry #PanAm &
Boys can't break your heart unless you let them. Be smart, before they play you, play them.
Happy Mother's Day!
RT : #MiamiMegaMission in Jerusalem. Off to celebration at Safra square with Mayor of Jerusalem, Nir Barkat
You wanna be my 800th tweet? How many do i have now?
IM IN A HOV LANE.
Enjoying a nice Colorado afternoon. We will donate a 30 page per min copier to a non-profit org in Denver Metro! Please call for details.
Movie trending now in LA, CA : No Strings Attached (live updates)
RT : 305 Miami Pornstar asa of spades pussy wetter retweet n follow me < follow her
Congrats to Paul Massey and of for being honored as 2 of the Top Most Powerful in NY Real Estate
Amen, sister
Waited on you for so long
Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality.
I let my guard down with and for one second and.....WHAM!!! Don't like them. Can't trust them.
getting us up to speed on the #brewers right now on
I'm going to try to finish this book tonight. Goodnight. maybe xD
Do #Rangers fans kiss their mothers with that mouth?! Ear muffs!!!!
; Thanks, for the follow. Appreciate. it. (;
Say-n-Play is one of Dr. Toy's 2010 Best Vacation Toy winners. WooHoo!!!! www.saynplay.com
One day when the sky is falling I'll be standing right next to you... :) love this song to death!!!
Remembered watermelon in fridge. Face lit up as brightly as when I see Weekend At Bernie's II is on TV.
woo! good luck!
I wonder what is up to. Probably being #twilightlicious :)
UP UP UP UP
welcome back!
Thanks! I'm thinking it was the file that I downloaded. It worked on the second go-through.
Just learned Skyscraper by on guitar. I am in loooovee with this song.
Stop in tomorrow night for New Saturdays @ Blackthorn Pub & Grill This week - MCZ!
QPR is really playing a good game today. Feel bad for Aston Villa and what is going on with City?? Keep it up Sunderland! Villa scores!
Ha---woah. That's Jarmusing. (That pun almost works).
Can you give more insight regarding projectbrooklynhomeowner? Is it a non profit housing agency?
Miami doesn't have a single big guy with an offensive game with Bosh out. Just plain ugly right now - LeBron better step up in the 4th
should win some games
#Dare to be
Who has tried the Green Chile Bacon Cheeseburger pizza?
saw you are were the founder of Exploroo- great company. If your up for it contact me so we can set up a linkback?
It's red. haha i forget what it says though.
That is a fly couple right there....
Hey, Tom - you're welcome!
Finally have a phone with apps and #QR reader -amazing!
In looking at the material I've written... I would say 'no'. It's not necessary unless the plot or story actually calls for it.
My husband prepared a wonderful meal for us and baked a pineapple upside down cake for desert.
Snap poll: Are you playing Over or Under 284 in tonight's NBA All-Star Game?...
lets meet this week so I can give u those prints. I'll share details for the reception so u can view yourself in a gallery
My summer starts tomorrow
Preach it! Thanks for being a positive voice in the entertainment industry.
Save some for me! Pretty please with nutella on top! :D
please everyone go follow he is really kewl...he is one of my best friends...and if you follow him i will love you 4eva.
Taylor Swift wearing a dress like Grannie from Beverly Hillbillies.
LA is the place for sleeping! :D
submitting today.
abraham lincoln name drop. everyone huff laudanum!
Crazy dreams last night...I'm hoping that just one of them turn real.
What's your boy Chris Donald up to, these days?
Getting excited about starting 2012...similar to looking forward to the back nine!
plus...... I spelled it out. Literally spelled FURBY. ;)
Thinking of a GOkickball night at a Clippers game. Let us know if you this is something that would interest you.
T1 lectures are only as good as the lecturer and most lecturers aren't good (although they think they are)
LaRussa will end up in the Hall, but he certainly isn't above some bush league antics
Just played an awesome show and had a band chicken nuggets eating battle. Good times!
RT : MUST FOLLOW
I like the way you walkin' if you walkin' my way.
Weather is awesome and the beers are pouring. Come cheer on the O's with us!!
if your knees don't randomly give out after you do legs, you obviously didn't go hard enough
Awesome blog post!!! I wish you had been on all our visits. Now all we need is a blog...
Of course my friend!!
I thought it was me. They are always showing Sonic commercials there are no Sonics in Maryland. I want Sonic Hotdog and milkshake
": Kickball debut tonight #HIFI" Hifi until I die! Welcome to the team! Ps Tell Zusi to give an invite to
It was an amazing. #2 selling beer there. Worked 14 hour days and it was hard work. Would do it again in a heartbeat.
I'd say more of an uncomfortable creepy at one point. Great episode, though. As always.
haha you don't even talk to me
Unless your presentation is actually about the entire history of your institution, just skip over that part.
I think I just miss you or something.
RT : we wish you guys were all still here! <-- me too! Lots of happy memories! THANK YOU!
:) rt Another day, another film crew comes to HQ to do a story. Props to , they found us via a BBJ story!
how do u know for sure?
RT We have featured some amazing #CreditForCreatives suggestions this week, please do keep them coming!
The new product is coming along quite nicely, we can't wait to unveil it.
.: Content is becoming hotter again. The job board is picking up, mostly in digital jobs.
Honestly, I miss you. The things we did, the conversations, just everything ! Fuck this sucks ! :/
I love when i pay for a medium lemonade at Chick-fil-a and they give me a large..
I just kind of want to be left alone today...
Niall your important and we love you too <333333333
Florida tends to let teams hang around (ie Miss St in SR)..how many times can you play w/ fire and not get burned?!
Have you looked into direct-to-implant surgery? My wife so happy she did that. Dr. Lisa Hunsicker in Littleton, Colo.
You need to put a child lock on that channel! I did on my TV!
Curse of software dev. No edges, no shadows, not physical presence. Hard to get 150 programmers to agree. Via
no but I hear they are great. Do you know? Merrill?
FOLLOW RAY >> “: Josh Beckett needs to save his sub-par performances for the golf course.”
There's a name for #WomenWhoThinkLikeAMan in real life. They're called sluts . . . or by their trade name - reality stars.
is the HOTTEST Housewife. I love her.
Tweeting in all caps = MORAN
To have abundance feel abundant.
who!(: cant wait to see it!
You should join me a Ramblin Jacks for lunch sometime...I think you would be suprised that I am not rude lol
hm and why is that?
Y'all Zipsters are poets & we didn't even know it! Any other Zipsters wanna share a haiku for a shot at a day in an Audi?
It shows the mentality of these thieves, they have filmed & announced where they are going to steal from & it's ended up on the news!.
Thursday is the pre-day of an excitement building for the weekend.
Thanks for taking the time to answer my questions/sign my book tonight. Hope I can transition from stand up soon!
u r a LUCKY guy :-) lol
bad girl club dude is intens !! Like i feel like Im watching a boxing match yo lol
Thanx for liking my fan page! You Rock!!!
Have you, like Toodles, lost your marbles? Come write with me on my photo writing prompt blog :) www.writeawayeveryday.blogspot.com
o no my golds ! imy ! get well soon
Reading Delta Cost Projects' Trends in College Spending 1999-2009 for Friday's analyst discussion - getting & Econ of HE flashbacks!
Are you an AV integrator transitioning towards security? You're not alone. The SS&Si Dealer Network is here to help! Call 866.364.0030
Slept in a little after another great night at The band was awesome and there were tons of great leads!
R11 bus 6410 driver was polite and provided a safe and enjoyable ride to College Park Metro.
Our next gift card winners are CHELSEA LEE and LESLIE COMBS!
“: #Leo is warm, generous, open spirit, and makes strong leaders.” Both Buffettes Founders are Leo's! ☝
Happy Holidays !
awesome! She's walking the walk!
every day i'm shuffLIN
ha yeah I think I'm probably the problem not the school lol
Pack and a half of ramen was an outrageous mistake...dunno what I was thinking?!
So got a great email from asking us to participate in Oozeball 2012! No way we say no! Who wants to join our team?
in my high school days I was real but neva to my grl:( if I culd rewind time and take it all bck I wuld
I HAVE to get a motorcycle this Summer.....like y'all don't even understand
Thinking about classes that will get me out of my funk today... know of any good ones?
Hahahha oh how I love the Spanish teachers they always make my day!
Today classes are starting for real, and as usual I don't like my classmates. Sigh...
omg just came back from puerto rico it was awesome.
#TarotDay Sunday: Sun, same in #tarot. Shine, Expand, work without lust of result and for joy of the activity. Live as if all is possible.
“: Decide to be happy...Smile today... A smile is a curve that sets everything straight." happy weekend
happy happy Halloween Halloween Halloween. Happy happy Halloween. Silver Shamrock.
#ReasonsYouGetStabbed because I'm puerto rican
today was funny as hell as usual niggas be trying to act like sum they not niggas need to stop that
#BOYFRIENDREVIEW it's like my favorite song it's amazing I love the beat and how u go high and low! It shows ur vocal range
Glad that you were able to make it to Pullman yesterday
If being a 'bitch' is what it takes to make my point clear, then I guess that's what I'll have to be
To all you lovebirds out there tonight: use a condom. Not trying to share my birthday with anyone else.
Its so annoying when people root for everyone who the lakers play against. you aren't a denver fan, nobody besides ppl in denver like denver
I guess everythin happends for a reason
Our cats are playing the live action version of Street Fighter right now, and it's awesome.
Life is good! Cherish it and love your friends and family! Then get your favorite drink and get wasted lol!
like like like like like like
Good Luck! #bullsnation RT : Bulls vs magic tonight we really Need this one payback is on our mind
So, is anyone going to invest in ?
I forgot the passcode on my iP Crap.
Just watched this dopey romance "Children of Men" where the guy doesn't even kiss a girl, unless you count that ping pong stunt.
I am as vain as I allow.
Serbian war criminals are hilarious.
PIE Demo Day was incredibly interesting, went back and immediately tried out and have to say its a great tool.
When boys have that big smile, as soon as they see your face. ♥
I'm a lil irritable....
There's a youngish guy that I see at the station in the morning who stands on the ground between the platforms and does Tai Chi. It annoy...
how do i send in my cover of who you are?
I'm at the studio tonight if you need to do any shots for the video.
Happy Passover all! What's for dinner?
new splurge after mattress: new pillows.
My opinions are based off what I know, have experienced, & seen. Don't take offense to constructive criticism... Try & grow!
I'm sorry! They'll get here soon.
Ain't nothing like a white giirrrllllll
Looks like Twitter is starting to roll out the new interface to the less important tweeps. Welcome to the party, losers.
Yes and i wonder why RT : It's becoming more common to see a black man with a white woman..
great movie. Funny at times but still comes across as a pretty serious movie
Packer Forever Lazy
Nice photos! But these are my favorites: Trafalgar Square, The Charterhouse and the Big Ben! #awesomephotos :-)
Another asteroid barely misses Earth. Soon people. Soon.
how could you forget Yolanda?!
The “State Secrecy” report seeks to educate public & officials about adequacy of public disclosure policies in their states
Twitter...why do you mock me?
#BostonSportsReport: ESPN roundtable: Expect another big year from Michigan State football
Definitely not!
Veterans 10% off residential power washing in Las Vegas driveways garages and homes. Thank You for keeping us free! Able and Ready 325-3697
Looking forward to it! Can't wait to taste-and-tweet!
its funny, it seems like sum people seen drama on sumbody else page, followed me to expect to see sum on mine, but i never wrote any lol
“: Did my first video flip!" So proud of my Superstar teacher's efforts!
Follow plz I only got 299 and u need more thank u and tell others to follow me as well plzz
Life Is Not A Competition.
Thank you to all our panelists at the #WhatsNewNashville forum!
cool. I might swing by for a few minutes.
The 3rd Day Of School.... So Tired Right Know:/ Gunna Takke A Shower To Wakke Up
I was a little too emotional tonight.
#haveuever said, 'oh my phone broke thats y I dont have ur number anymore' when u know thats a straight up lie
Water crackers, dinner mints, and don't forget the champagne cocktails!
having great success as phx goalie coach
what time u took u nap lol smh
Safe travels and happy Thanksgiving!
#CineMeeting2012 #LBC thanks for lunch and the good info
RT No, no. I get it. You can ignore me, but if i ignore you. It's a big deal..
he lost? :( dammit
HAHAHAHA I think seeing in his boxers has been the highlight of my night;) Thats not weird is it? xD
Hey - can you add me to the Astro_Ron list when you get a sec? (I'm a confirmed participant.) Thanks!
No silver bullet to make all our students learn. I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED TO LEARN THIS.
thanks for promoting my new mixtape!
Tonight! Conditions, Diamond, Life On Repeat, Late Night Habit, Fixtures Music starts at 6pm $12.00
A Special #ChicagoBulls Sketch Writing Inspiration: D. Rose is injured again and Tom Thibodeau is diagnosed w/ Munchausen-by-proxy syndrome
Wale, down for whatever.
Yea, there might be problems with this new player. I'm listening to Deep Tracks on channel 27 and the music keeps cutting out.
I have no plans tmrw so I will be in line for hours just to meet the kardashians thats how bored I will be.
Jesus H. So glad this whole ordeal made it into the public eye.
I AM GOING TO PASS THESE TWO TESTS THIS MORNING!!!
Anyone want to converse??
Its gonna be a good night!!!!!!!
aw yeah, crashing potus fundraiser like a boss.
Good news: college grad employment rates are going up in 2012! Bad news: jobs are mostly in agriculture and engineering. Oh well.
lmao you funny bro
yes I will email u
drinking game! Getting to 1st base or guys taking off shirts... drink! Its on at 4... don't judge me
": For lent I'm giving up anything that's dessert! So for 40 days no sweets for me!! Someone's gonna be ripped(;" ya you are ;)
- Me too! Especially the items from from the #FireandIce exhibit!
I have the best moms ever. <3
Man where is at?
found a fart joke in a William Blake poem. I'm taking the rest of the day off.
Put meat used for stir frying in freezer for 45 min. to 1 hr. to make� slicing easier.
im dancing to the harry potter dubstep on tuesday at work.
I'm finally getting the tan I wanted
"Love is such a strong word" lol shut up.
Wishing everyone a Blessed and Happy Easter Sunday! From your family at Indigo Mortgages.
forget Cenation ! I'm a member of Finknation !
Ladies, if you fill in your eyebrows & they look like lips...START OVER!
You have no idea how excited I am for you to come back to Seattle, even though I just saw you a couple days ago there.
Tasty macrobiotic lunch! I wasn't sure what I'd think but if it's all that good, I'm a convert!
as always, my friend
more than welcome Pete
I managed to consume a mere 1,000 calories today. That's two bowls of Special K, a veggie platter (no dipping sauce) and a banana. Yep.
It has a FLASH!!!!!! #CES2012 RT How does the new PlayFull Dual do in low light situations?
I love flipping through channels on tv their all so different!
Someday will be in charge of all of our Twitter feeds.
Getting ready for the Holland~Dobbins Little Big Band tonight on the recording stage. 1/2 hr rehearse 8:pm show 8:30. best jazz ANYWHERE
In the fast-paced world of business, fun & work often seem to be an oxymoron. Fun should be part of an organization’s overall strategy.-JW
there is no spoon
They must be checking height and weight on the id's. These lines are crawling.
8. Abandonment - email sent x number of hours/day after a visitor has stopped engaging with your company
Dannis Glenn Bish - Memorial Serivce on Tuesday at 10 am at First Baptist Church of Orlando; 3000 S. John Young Parkway, Orlando, FL...
have fun and be safe :) love you both!
Found amazing earrings for my dress up holiday party, but they aren't available til January.
Don't you hate when you dating someone & you meet they relative & they look better then the one you talk to. Lmao
I hate that feeling when you close your eyes to apply shampoo, and get paranoid that someone will kill you in the shower.
oh man. finding dev help would take my stress level down about 10 notches.
Thxs. Hear you are spoiling the the misses:) Well done.
What bug sprays do those of your with #sensitive skin and #foodallergies suggest?
is at work and ready for the New Year...2010...Twenty Ten!
Thank you (or whoever's on call for Browncroft tonight) for quickly fixing our blown tranformer!
Please follow me and ! Love your application!
Mobile is all about doing more, all of the time
Happy 420 everyone! That means pants are optional today, right?
ok i'm am going to try to be down there but if not let them know that arieanna did not hit first zoe did
Your about to be in 10th grade. How can you be so immature?
I posted the link on the last tweet, did it not work? I can post again.
Its like 100 degrees out!!
I woke up at nine and I still haven't gotten out of bed..
Thanks AJ for the retweet. You doing ok with school? Keep in touch I 'm still busy with multiple projects that you can join me
So much to do so little time
now you got the right one lol thanks bud
hey girl
NYU Abu Dhabi...we start the Ahl al-Bayt conference having hugged all the skyscrapers in town. Also, I've gained 10 pounds since last night
New York State Business Marketing Network by www.NYConnection.org "Bringing Team Players and Strategic Partners To The Table"
Can we all pretty much agree turtles are awesome? I mean seriously, who doesn't love em?
iamChicagoDave thanks for following me on Twitter!
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up. ~Pablo Picasso
ok, what happened?
There's always memorial weekend! I got this!
ha! got asked if i worked cloud technologies b/c of the co name. had to laugh when i said i named it b/f there even was a cloud.
Watched this Brit movie Fish Tank last night. Featured some classic hip hop, the alcoholic mother was dancing to Nas & AZ
sleep well!! (: by the way, I love your twitter icon! <3
As the purse is emptied... the heart is filled.
poor AJ. remember the episode vividly where tony grabbed the kid and basically threw him in his closet.
He won't go down without a fight! I hope Cain can get through this...
Not everything happens for a reason and the sooner you can get that the easier it will be for you to react to things
some of these videos that are liked or commented on, on my twitter,are NOT me! they are my brother!i dont watch the stuff he does. :) k? k
Moloka'i: prior to recommendation engine 10-20 people added this title per day; after recommend engine: 50 - 100
NY Jets secondary often looked more lucky than good today. Bills had FAR to many opportunities.
Finished running (:
Good Morning, make it a great day! RT : Good morning world. ✌
thanks for taking the Distraction Free Fridays pledge Deborah!
Beautiful day to be sitting on the patio at Northside Tavern!
First comes the GRIND, Then comes the SHINE
#MoneyTeam #moolaboys at the same damn time❕❕❕
Almost time. RT : Bush was awesome but I'm so ready for u Nickelback cmon
Every time I hear that title, I think it should be called, "Breaking Wind." But that's just me.
Hm... At least i know you dont know me at all :/ either that or you know not to ask...
I know I can't believe it's almost here!!! Beyond excited!!!!
hey - be thankful u have AND ur tweeting from it. #thankful PS I miss u girlfriend
Other Tweeps say power out in Alter Hall and Tuttleman too.
Super excited to have the Superbowl in Indianapolis this year. Who are you rooting for?
we should x3
Im not sure lol two other people own this account too but it might have been
Have not eaten meat since burning man. Just realized that today. There was a piece of peperonni once and the occasional bacon; doesn't count
WE all want more people to care. WE all want weekly sellouts, and WE all want the FO to do a better job. None are happening.
Good thing, I was getting very cranky with them!
Okay look im honest, girl I cant lie I miss you. You and the music were the only things that I commit to.
Awesome RT : You're welcome! I'm a Newark native and I teach there too =D
Also to have fun and not afraid. :)
and #3 will ALWAYS be true.
Stanley Black &amp; Decker Hardware Home Improvement Group Brands Join HomeSphere - Construction Digital (press release)
Can everyone tell me which road they are taking out of #obx so I can take the other?
Only 16 more days of school left!!!!!
Good Morning Tea People. What is Happening?
Three weeks of freedom. To do list: 1. Finish masterpiece 2. find a job 3. clean apt.
Super lame! One of our bartender's cars got broken into on her birthday on Sunday. I hope we catch this asshole.
I wondered how we were going to lose this. I have faith in #Grossman. #Redskins play calling? Not so much.
I dont need it to be easy I need it to be worth it.
Cat-sitting for , teaching a class with , doing a couple readings!
Dear Santa: Find a position for #neuheisal as a #uwhuskies coach...
I was borned on the anniv of titanic, lincoln assassination, and tax day. urgh..
Captain Horny
says: Never forget the youth and the grass roots to help with acceptance. Believes #socialMedia will be helpful too!
Happy Mother's Day to all moms and moms to be! :)
how did I miss that you were pregnant. Omg Congrats.
Bundt glazed & ready for transport.
Hilarious!! Thank you!
Gonna get it
ina weird mood today. i dont like this. anyone wanna hang out tonight?
WITZEND has power!!!
Congrats on paying THAT many years worth of taxes! RT The president sends you a letter of congratulations on your 100th birthday.
Is that you playing on D'Angelo's recording of Funky Drummer?
While you are in KC, check out , Home of the #TopShelf, #BottomlessCup, 2nite, doors open 9pm till 3am. New Format, New DJ's,
Ha! RT : Jiffy Lube Select RT : Spicy sauteed prawns & roasted snap peas w/ shallots -- what wine? Suggestions welcome.
So nice! Thank you!! = best news producer in SD!
an plus you guys aren't good at it lol
Don't having a good feeling about this....
Yes. Yes, it did.
I disagree! I like the crunch :) maybe some potato chips on that pbj....
Joining the #reinventlocal event Assembly. Developers here to support Amex Open event. Digital Otter here, too.
My daughter an I LOVE when you guest host Chelsea! We love it even more when you have the animal guy on!!
Fixed ideas are like a cramp in the foot - the best remedy against it is to tread on it.
Justin beiber album is really good
Go Follow for me
Did u make it
what're you doin up at this hour!!
great new mobile app! - thanks, ... you just made our #RECon12 prep a little easier! 2 weeks - yikes!
I know. It's totally not fair. They won't get the protection that married couples DO get. Social security, insurance, etc. =(
that is because you are awesome.
It's rather "cleansing" :)
Your tweet reminded to me to bring Against Me! back into the rotation. Love it...
Have you thought about flowers for your wedding day? What buds do you want in your bouquet?
did Arbys just fucking tweet you?????
Tomorrow's plan: edit paper and outline another.
That Chevy commercial was fantastic
And there we go! $NASV in full on breakout mode! Broke that .0125 and .015 hitting now for 177% The market has only been open 8 minutes!!!!!
I'm a daddy again! Welcome Mason!
Damn near getting in a fight today <<<<<<< this talk with
my ex tyler loves me again <3333 and his new bf craig 0_0 <3
Haa. Get a room (;
Should I feel guilt celebrating the completion of the 1st year of my PhD program while watching Crossfit Houston folks work their tails off?
Just returned from a meeting. Always a good time
whats up with the unfollow...is this a game ?
If u don't count Fallon/CapitalOne running 3x normal :) RT : = only actress w/ 3 natl TV ads active right now?
just listened to mansbestfriend 6 "radioactive rain". My face melted. Amazing.
why do u wish u could date a youtuber :p
Feel fortunate to have had some time with today, who delivered a bang-up Breslauer Lecture here at UCLA.
Greatness lies not in being strong, but in the right use of strength. ~ Henry Ward Beecher
we appreciate it!
I love 2 cook...
Hrs: 7 days a week 10am to 2pm till the Summer heat relaxes then we'll expand hours.... 7421 West Lake Mead 89128
sounds like a cop.
Code Year is like my weekly alarm clock of shame.
lol nigga I'm not even understanding anything you're talkin about honestly like what are you even talkin about lol
Congrats!!! RT : thanks!!!! BTW MY BOOK IS AVAILABLE in paperback on AMAZON.com and BARNESANDNOBLE.com!!!!
Well I think it was a RW one
Metra bringing the peace back...... Or is it fear?
Look on/ "like" "LOVEVOODOO" community facebook page for pics...
Working on announcements for the website and another HUGE featured event is in the works. Trying to put it together. Stay tuned. Wow.
#LiesIveToldMyParents naw I don't got no money
SO true
I'm really bored but good lol
oh ok
#NowWatching "Hey Arnold" :]
I found out the unit rate of one can from the6 some one owes me $0.23
Well it was wishful thinking but I would've loved seeing Barron in the green and gold.
Do u sell ur book in electronic format?
“: To me the Bible is not God, but it is God’s voice, and I do not hear it without awe.”
I know I miss you too ):
Rich in the mind pay that shit.
I am so sad to hear this. :( ": Forest. Good question. Cannot reach him, myself. {: (miss him and worried."
i try to care about my friends and you guys give me shit... i've just been so sensitive to what's being said lately and idk..
Antsy to finish up things for the fall garden. Summer has just about petered out and I want my organic, fresh-from-the-garden veggies!!
... oh lol (: well, i hope you enjoy the show :D
We're stoked on it too! Such good things on the horizon!
I thank the Tweets who pledged support to during my two-hours of support for Up To Date and Here & Now. Nice job.
Follow the Very Sexy
oh WEGNER makin funnies! What's going on dude, how ya been lately?
Please use your leadership to help pass a bi-partisan transportation bill. Use the Senate bill!
it got started cause pammy told me to suck her dick... and then I just came back at her (no pun intended) and it never ended
Most people are really nice. Target has like super honest customers and then epically dishonest ones.
Well Clippers Pissed Me Off Cp3 Had a Bad Game
Remember: when talking about the Arthurian mythos, the history of modern fan fiction well applies.
Thanks for the RT.
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Add some fresh salsa to all of your meals today. It tastes great, and contributes to your vegetable count for the day.
ha! intelligence is a rare, rare thing these days.
Our server is undergoing maintenance. Sorry for the inconvenience.
One day in the future the Orioles are going to have this ridiculous fielding 3B, and it's going to feel awesome.
! #Avid cookout May 19th be their or be Sqaure !
for sure! thank you!
This is the first song I ever heard by the Beastie Boys! RIP MCA!
As soon as we walk into our house mom calls: youngest brother spent all day in emergency room. Seriously. I'm afraid to go on with this day.
Hi, everybody! Finally getting a chance to check in after a great week of ISTEP!
love you anyhow lol we will see you again soon we were the organizatio sitting in front of you Tues night just asking 4 follow ;-(
Thanks for the RTs
Just had a lovely time spending my voucher Thank you!
a pat on the shoulder for who
The week is flying by QUICK!
All she want some heal money.
I deleted a certain someone off my facebook, and now it's starting to get comical. The beauty behind Broadway!
Watching #MFC online, wish I could be there!
that is a problem, but i like ur attitude about detroit and that letter u put in front of it. next time
Wrap up comments from Mike Myer, editor of The Intelligencer and moderator of Thursday's gubernatorial debate held in Wheeling follows:
No Son, a frame is a self-holding device that can often stand, or lean and even hang all on its own.
Sweet! Can't beat all this sunshine. I've been out hiking every day! :-)
you'll make new bunny friends quickly, I promise! Find me and say hi!
RT : Quirks, flaws, imperfections, scars...realize YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL, just as you are.
I like Doris Burke. *ducks*
Think iam having a panic attack.
love you too! Miss you girl :(
RIP Steve Jobs. You certainly changed the world.
is this how its supposeeddd to be?
We're at a crossroads...what do you think the hot color for Spring/Summer is going to be?
Went to bed thinking the house was pretty cold..though it is always cold. Wondering how the thermostat got set to below 60.
Took a risk to meet with others, their support made his idea take off.
Rain rain go away!
*face palm* RT lindseymdwenger Lookin up portable beer pong tables for our dorm room lolz
Likewise, maybe I should check to see if any for profit entity will make money from the monument?
Have you voted yet today?
I wanna go to Monterey soon. Hit the beach and get some clam chowder.
This cafe is on fire. It played Curtis Mayfield's "Move on up," now it's Wilco's "Forget the Flowers." I'm never going to leave.
Jody-Anne Maxwell was the first Jamaican and non-American to win the Scripps National Spelling Bee competition in 1998. She was 12 yrs old.
yo are you still followin people or am i late
I would just really appreciate it if you would leave me alone.
That's too bad. BTW, I ran into Mark Dohn here at the #cue12 keynote.
Headed to Hardee's to get a biscuit for !(: Atlanta...here we come !(:
Me: * wake up* O MY GOD I HAVE BEEN SHOT Mom: stop complaining you can barely see it......
(Rich) just swapped. First room some unexplained DC EMF. Moving AC EMF. Did EVP session. Kid. Fighting outside interrupted us.
girl you are so awesome!! thank you!!
shadoobie, my brain's been battered
You are correct. We apologize. It's difficult to relay pertinent info in 140 characters or less. We will repost the correct info!
who me?
haha im just messin bruh lol but it's all on my TL, just ease up for me! Txt the girl
TRAFFIC: Crash - SB Gammon rd near Woodmans - blockage/delays
Its the weekend, time to "Get Stinky"!!!! Hope you all have a good one!!!
seriously the best goaltending I have seen in a long time
WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT SEX, LIES AND VIDEOTAPE, KEVIN
Okay, I just saw the tweet about brown and blue. You win.
Thank you for the RT
have you seen the new greenery on the Highline?? Looks nice
Never know with this social media thingy...
no you
Time for #TriviaTuesday warm up! Which "True Blood" star appeared in Gaga's "Paparazzi" music video?
So happy for the company where you will be working. Lucky company. Congrats to both of you.
so where ur new man at? Lmao
It's also opening night for new production of (I did the show yrs ago w/the original raked stage set + costumes.)
Make sure to check performing this Friday at Shopping Festival at 12 pm (400 N. Michigan Ave)
bout to snuggle up in my comfy bed w/ all these pillows & blankets 💤✌nightttty night
oh wow, both, I started loving the counter top appliances (food processor is the best) then I moved to the range, its great!
#whowouldyourather get locked in a hotel room with or ??
Thunder- I heard it. I was driving and saw the lightning too. Flash 1 2 BOOM! But it's rare out here so we get jazzed easy. ;)
let's buy nick's nest (the hot dog place)
Befuddled by #bookkeeping? Questions about #quickbooks? Ask away! I'm here to help :-)
bout dam time!!! Get on there too :) we'll make good musick!! :) www.thelaststrawrocks.com
When a friend stops texting you and you really need them. Sucks...
Operation: D-vine Intervention begins now.
Bout to brush my hair like Im Chicago from Poetic Justice for the next 12hrs
Prez Obama joking at WH Correspondents Dinner, "I have to get the Secret Service home in time for their new curfew."
South Loop is a great up and coming neighborhood for Columbia students!
Black and white with straps or navy blue and white with sleeves?
Awesome: (like Pandora for book recs) is planning to graph book chapters by things like language density, pacing
Plan B, now to 9:30pm is happy hour. so come be happy.
Aw, thank you.
So true! RT Interestingly (or not) in re Q6, hardly *any* of my library learning is from peer-reviewed library journals.
-Life will bring you curve balls / just have a good eye like in baseball and wait for your pitch
Setting up #EMC Atmos, and #Commvault, tonight. Monday Backup Exec+Twinstrata CloudArray to Atmos. Thanks for the Help this week
Celebrating a birthday! #Party Follow me maybe?! ♥
Can't thank you enough for the recommendation! Looking forward to drinking inside of you after the show is done.
OH WELL FUCK IT! ITS PROMISING!!!
Hey Caps fans! Can I join either of you for your game-watching plans?
Man I wish I could be as classy as some of the kids I got to school with, I need some baby phat and south pole gear.
Amare was mad cause them braids too tight.. You know how hard it is to grab them edges when you braiding some short hair?!?!?
The etrade baby commercials are so cute
Time to rescue and get back to the jokes. You two make the best NYE hosts!
More details regarding .NET positions left you in Meetup message)
How long would Karzai last/live as Afghan president if U.S. pulled out and when the Taliban sweep in like knats?
O good luck on that one buddy lol
I get all the news I need from the weather report. I can gather all the news I need from the weather report.
My mom said i look 11 today
The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what the man or woman is able to do that counts.
awakemys0ul_ Thanks! Who's your favourite band?
Bout to go all Kanye on T Swift on these awards #I'mgoingtoletyoufinish
I give up on this stupid essay!
Good Morning everyone! Let's Make it a Great One!
lol what bout Juno
4 years ago I started my job at champion... Only to leave for a year and be right back working with them again this year
Just got part of my tax return back, watch out
Wtf I missed Bon Jovi...don't hate and a 19 year old called me fat... should of worked!
Feeling better?
I just saw an Outback Steakhouse commercial and I thought of Andrew Bogut. Good luck Aussie
Jeff! Good to hear from you! Glad to re-connect. Be sure sure to check me out on facebook and see pics of my brand new baby boy
Holy crap I'm so dizzy. I just hit my head on the wall ahahah
At Home: "Oh. It's raining." At School: "HOLY Shizzcakes IT'S RAINING!!"
The embarrassing moment when you fall and everyone including your teacher is laughing.
We did it! Both Portland & Vancouver are both at 60 - first time in 2012!
heard they get paid more if they can spin
I've waited my entire life for the day someone mentions me and anything from Alan Thicke's body of work in the same breathe...
we need to talk
Open Mic sign-ups are now! Show starts at 7pm Come jam, or simply hang out and enjoy the tunes (and lattes)! w/
haha u should stop by like soon meaning today!
It is national teachers appreciation day. I am grateful 4 many of the teachers I have had & 4 many of the teachers my children have had.
Busy weekend...party tonight, Femfessional's event tomorrow w/ Pliners, then another party, then setting up a booth at a car show Sunday!!
Averages are a poor measure of this sort of thing anyway. Easily skewed by outliers. What I want to see are medians...
