Reach high tweeps! Even a small effort can change your momentum from negative to positive. Why settle for just a small effort?
eoc this week omg im so scared and nervous.
What did he sing? ": Just had my 1st celeb spot at LAX Ziggy Marley was on my flight and I got to hear him sing"
Just know, they always come back.
oh yes!
can't you see that i'm the one who understands you, been here all along, so why cant you see, you belong with me?
WHAT?! “: .. a local school district offers Rosetta Stone as an option for getting credit for World Languages! SMH Shameful”
Follow Me Please :D :D :D
But who uses bberries anymore? Out-of-touch parents. ;-)
listening to the civil wars is like breathing in fresh air
nice, enjoy it brother.
guys, guys, i think we can all agree our bullpen and offense both suck balls
What Are You Doing Tonight ?
how u been man...what's good with you?
I'm in great company! Thank you :))
#USAFellow Kara Walker supports Occupy Art #NYC Petitions for Access to Public Art Space on Canal St. cc:
“: #Wine improves with age. The older I get, the better I like it Cheers!”
Totally. Matt Saracen somehow had an awesome loft in an indeterminate neighborhood that looked like maybe the South Loop.
Fuck leather jackets.
FYI: "fast" is only a good attribute for a NASCAR bio
Texas Has Shut out the Chicago White Sox 5 to 0
We'd like to point out 2 things: 1. Despite nearly 25K people at #ala10, we've not once broken the plane on trending.
": P.S. For fantasy soccer I can only have 1-2 Sporting players... Any help on my forwards? Pls?" De Rosario, Donavan, Keene
Wrote security monitoring story for Web Host Industry Review WHIR: Viruses spread by web pages increased 600 percent in last 2 yrs.
Tweeting from
Best name ever Stuff Smith and he's a killer violinist.
your funny. Why dont you do hate in Someone else
Hate Philly but can't help getting excited for the winter classic
How is everyone doin??Im bored sitting here watching my son play the wii game
Excited for tonight! Hoping to find a healthy option! Any recommendations??
So, I hear the dryer. But my wine glass is empty :(
Chillin in the #airport good thing there's a #bar can't wait to be home
Thought for the Day: "Action is the foundational key to all success." -Pablo Picasso
RT : Energy and persistence conquer all things. - Benjamin Franklin
weirdness. Pittsburgh, I presume?
Emotions stir & cloud the feelings of the heart. Calm these wave in the stillness of
Wizarding World of Harry Potter next week.
but, i don't want to sleep- i want to watch roseanne into the wee hours. can it be birthday week already?
Just got back from oceans of fun it was fun now it's raining):
Dream big.
Have I told you I'm fasting for my physical this afternoon? Need food... light headed... consciousness fading...
I don't think anyone could ever blow my high. I always can find the fun when I'm high.
It's just rain.
10 dollar off wine night!!! Sounds good!
#sagittarius woman has a dirty mind <3
I like the data, I just don't think your cracking a case saying that speed correlates to 40. Of course it is, just not only factor
wish I could meet you! You are an awesome find! You really are a true real honest to goodness talent!
raw fish + rice + knife?
I'd be happy to
: I hope you read my fb message. I'd love to chat with you. (:
Peace out chicago, much love
Holding off on #TheAvengers until next weekend, so, today, there will be Pirates!
my health class was talking about that today haha
sounds delicious Bob, keep on top of that mise en place!
911 calls and dashcam video to be released...
We're installing a new, better antenna! We should be back on FM in another week or so, til then stream us online or through our app!
A sweet good morning and goodnight text every once in awhile would be nice.
Based on my calculations, you suck at everything.
I am crying watching Alaric die.
Philosophy: unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.
you need to help me get to reply to me, I need advice about snowboarding!! Haha :)
you're such a fucking wonderful mom to your daughter.
me too! for a while we thought i wasnt gonna make 5ft, i was 4'11.5" for long time
thrilled. I don't know why I haven't done this already.
You displayed a lot of technique for someone I supposedly corrupted.
look forward to hearing about this one...
tonight is gonna be the shit!
Davis Cup sometimes doubles as launching pad Sometimes these hard-core individualists that populate tennis discover an extra gear in an u
definitely best Ts in
babysitting :( lol this kid is bad he is throwin his cereal!!
So i got cereal wth milk then i finshed it n my stomach started to hurt n then my mom smelled it n it was sour ):< ugh
Reznor told MTV all about hitting rock bottom by overdosing on heroin. If you can't trust MTV News, who can you trust?
me neither. I get my jollies from watching others lol
TWO PLUS TWO IS BACK DOWN AGAIN OMG
This shirty steady sayin #teamnokids bitch you had about 5 abortions bitch u had kids lol seriously thou
lol dnt even get me started on thei battery
So many pics! It looks like you have the answer to one of our riddles! We'll repost it so you have a chance!
ahahaha thats the same for me
Nice. Im down, lets try and meet up this weekend..maybe skate Garvanza. Im going to be staying DT starting next week actually
u better know..don't make me kick u in ur knee cap
. Thanks for the RT. Can we count on you to join us tomorrow?
Ikea lunch!
I think Im going to tmobile then my dads taking me. But you're taking me home (:
This headache in the right frontal lobe area.. Is so not the wave right now. It's actually just a tad bit scary
agreed. i'm ready to sign on the dotted line.
Turiaf has been productive Spo, you gotta put him back on the court
Agreement on all terms and moving forward in a divorce is ideal, but a rare instance.
oh well... “: Can't imagine being on the east coast and having to wait until 9 for puck drop.”
Morning. Today the first rehearsals.
tom felt withered
Boyfriend just came on my roommates shuffle #fate I might cover it just so I can say #fondont & see who notices :P
Now watching funny clips of the Central Park sheep on EweTube.
i wanna go
Thank you 2003 NBA Draft class for reloading the league with top tier talent. Could have been real bleek without those guys.
I sit on my duff, smoke cigarettes and watch TV
One more website will be launched today.. Stay tuned!!! A small hint...Cruises, Catalina Island and ocean.. :)
Our North Academy location won the 2011 Earth Cup! CONGRATULATIONS!!! We are so proud of your team!
Slip into your own skin today and smile....if someone don't like that, laugh
Don’t forget to submit your question related to skincare, massage therapy and stress relief to us by including #Wellness4Mom in your post
Good memories and good company. Pretty much sums up my night 😊
It's Wednesday. Chug more coffee.
#Kings in the Western Conference Finals. No one cares in LA because the #LAKERS are playing tonight.
Three auditions today...fingers crossed I book one :)
Welcome aboard and big fat Twitter kisses to , , ,
#summer is so close I can almost taste it.
The most productive thing I've done all day is narrow my Derby pick down to 3 horses.
thats what im wondering tooRT : The question is not if Nate McLouth will hit into the double play, but how early in the at bat
encourages his friends/enemies/acquaintances to follow him on Twitter
Anyone planning on going to opening weekend in Wrigley?
who do you think elena should end up with
I have a sweet tooth.
It's PULASKI Day! I used to get this day off :-(
hey NACHO! It's Dilley, quit being a nacho ! Thought you were Macho !
How do I apply for a job with you or your touring partner?
Nickys BIG BABY!!
you can trust me woooohooo
Damn shame
Doesn't seem like the scaffolding on the Wherehouse at Camden Yards is going to be down in time for Opening Day.
“: Male deer masturbate by gently rubbing their antlers against a tree or through vegetation.” ...Wow.
When you get your 2nd no-no like , talk to me. I'm 38 years old and I can no-hit the
I love
Finished first Facebook login integration into a code project. Only used simple features this time around.
What a dogshit penalty
Have you taken your bugs today? Probiotics help build our digestive immune system. I love liquid Nature's Life acidophilus in apple-honey.
Glad you enjoyed it!!
Lyle killed it on JRIB Friday!! And nice of him to mix in some sleeves.
ah! Ben I hate you!
just wondering what tales these stones would tell if they could speak ...
Yeah m out at marquee listening to DJ gareth emery going off.
A humble thank you to all SBN viewers. The new video had 300 views in the first day.
Carp diem quam minimum credula postero. ~ Horace (Roman poet).Translation: Seize the Day, put no trust in tomorrow.
Battle of the Bands today and it's FREE you should come.
that Laura Douglas girl on Facebook is a slut like damn.
I totally <3 Jon Stewart, but if you think Pesach is boring - you are doing it wrong!
you should see
nah pero me ire todo el summer
Looking forward to it. See you there!
Expanding the #warehouse one giant beam at a time!
how you doin beautiful?;)
you mean being cute (;
what happened?
Happy holidays!
congrats! But what is that?
i know... ive been busy
what does the mean?
I'm the designated table holder who forgot game 1 started at 5. Arrived late,got the very last table. Oops.
Hi Lori, was in Durban in 2003... thoroughly enjoyed South Africa!
#Health #Tip: Watching your cholesterol? Go easy on the cheese. Just 2 slices can supply 12 grams of saturated fat. EEK!
Oh my gosh! Thanks so much to Ben and Brendan from for your wonderful article and photos!
final projects & broad st run trump cinco de mayo celebrations, maybe next year i'll have my priorities straight.
Any idea, plan, or purpose may be placed in the mind through repetition of thought.-Napoleon Hill
Late registration is open until 2:15 pm. Start at noon, play until midnight, then come back at noon the next day to finish.
I worked #HeadStart in the past! Grew up near Pittsburgh across the river in OH and lived in Oakdale PA 2010-2011
bulls bulls bulls bulls bulls bulls bulls bulls bulls bulls ♥
Praise youth and it will prosper.-Proverb
- Hate Me If You Want , To Be Honest iDont Caree , Love Me If You Wantt , iDont Care . Either Wayy Im On Your Mindd , # Dakota&&Brittney.!
omg that's horrifying
and more than half weren't even official bfs. It was like a 1-2 month thing
RT : So many awesome sessions...so few time slots...
What ever happened to Drake Bell???? :( <333333333
thanks for tweeting this :)
Thank you I am getting alot better ;) I wish I was there too!
bra send me yo line
Great movie. I gotta see it again.
Picnic date shall be fun c:
the old name was our old singers and we didn't want to make enemies...
#SuperBowl On by the way for those who have no idea this is Cee Lo dressed down..
My Popz use to call a nigga yum yum eat em up lol remember dat
#5bestsmells when you open something new, my farts, the sweat from my ass flap, burning hamsters , a girls vagina after i destroyed it.
we did! #15 will be a biggie!
Wishing that #libraries would consider video games as a viable format and catalog them as such.
probably in the hood. Or try Smiths on Brady. Or my refrigerator.
If SOFT Spencer Hawes or Lou "pump" Williams are resigned will be CRIMINAL!
Loved the view of downtown, Naval Base San Diego, a cruise ship, and the Nimitz coming into Lindbergh. It's good to be home in San Diego.
Drink 40'S
your still awake? or are you up early?
WHAT ARTIST IN KC has new singles they need help promoting
Yes Ma'am
“: Congrats to Pierre McGuire on his nomination in the Best Sports Reporter Category at 33rd Annual Sports Emmy Awards.” this a joke?
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can’t accept not trying. – Michael Jordan
- thanks for the heads up - 1 of my favorite places to take my clients!!
I always clean my room and I never came across it just chuck it up as a loss........lol
i cnt right now im on following limit but wen i can i will promise
lmfaoo thanks for making me laugh :) Lolololol
I called you TWICE today!
Some men do what they can, others do what they want...
or at a lot of different areas? And if it's one area - which area would be best for a tech co-founder to be GOOD at?
": guns are the worst thing ever invented." yeah but what else would we use against the zombies
man you better stop eatin that
On the road to Colgate for the hockey games, Soul Man & Gimme Some Lovin' both came on the radio.
#dearyoungself twitter and facebook are going to be awesome, oh and buy some apple stock
It's Mirabella Eclano, a beautiful mountainous town near Benevento. It's a poor place but rich in antioxidant farms! ; )
Half the day is gone
Worst record is 40-120 1962 MetsRT : Through 4 weeks this season, Twins have won 6, on pace for the worst record since 1919
Skipped track ..
: Yes! I was just thinking about how much I #love those people -- #strangers and #friends -- who always keep my
Happy New Year
Wow, what a cool concept!
Life without a friend is death without a witness. - Eugene Benge
lmao don't worry about it, just pray they find something better to do with their lives, love you<33
I am chump
Slapping myself everytime I say like
pressure for a craving? When all else fails, mac n cheese
Thanks for the support and we're almost there!
oh, and you just used it too? #BothLosers #SkylerIsABiggerLoserSheNeedsToLeaveSheSucks!!!!!
That was the most Awkward #WheelOfFortune Episode ever lol
Miss your face Love!!
's house for the night
Wish I could hit the A wit my brother and cuzo - but my PO wasn't fuckin with the short notice
Some people follow others on Twitter only to harvest more names for purposes of spam; (greetings from across the pond!)
Adam Sandler is not being funny on #peoplechoice. Make it stop
auto-fill/correct strikes again. What can I say?TC=technologically challenged!
I hate when people ask stupid/obvious questions..
Finishing up the artwork for Fair Play dvd cover
don&#39;t talk to me what part od bye don&#39;t you understand?
that's great
ohh lmao. im showing my sister and shes laughing :) Lmao, there funny though :)
Hiah everyone I'm chillin today goin to read some IB stories yeahBUDDY!!! And as of right now I'm single SWAG yeahBUDDY!!! :)
you are special to me *bats eyes*
Bach melodies music to Seski's ears. Bring Seski calm before tomorrow storm. (Big Seski feet tired!)
Beckett is the bomb!
RT - wonders if it is OK to cheer for the #Jacksonville #Jaguars at the #Buffalo #Bills game tonight?
I'm watching our show and thinking of you! Do you know which one? Miss ya!
Music time...
Kfc running out of chicken
I don't understand when a fire alarm goes off in a building...get out. These people just sit there.
Just because im nice to u n like to kick it with u dont mean i want to fuk u!
Listening to a webinar about engaging employees in the information age
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there!
So many dust bunnies in the Guggenheim.
hahaah that sounds awesome!
A proper journalist stays awake his whole life. RT : A snail can stay asleep for 3 whole years.
to do with a $1000 giftcard? I would buy an IPAD2 to use with the Autism students I teach!!
Thanks for the follow. I love to communicate with people so far away.
Admittedly an 80s spinoff, allowing for tons of guilty-free laughs. Excellent comedy for a night of fun with friends.
Great for: Birthday parties, Corporate Events, Out door family events, Weddings, back yard bbqs, and whenever you want to have FUN!
It hurt so bad! Then, he just wouldn't cut me, & id get stuck on his socks. :( I'm so glad he takes better care of me now!
This brooks shit is getting old...i think everyone should just drop it... #justme?
Yep. RT Brands advertise up but people are looking down. #mobile Think about it. Even better, build permission.
i forgive you etsy my love!
thanks for that post!
tht was one time and i did purposly to fck witchu. yu came at me wrong.
Obama just became the first POTUS to support same sex marriage.
thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your Tweets abt our favorite city - Seattle! Stop in and say hi!
If had all his mentions sent to his phone it would explode in 1 second :)
Getting ready for band rehearsal wondering 'do people still go out and watch original rock bands anymore?'
we both just nodded and said "huh. yeah. I can see that..."
Good hangs with Beer, vampire movie and honest discussion.
Hey Stuff, hope to see you tonight . Stop by 117-J-aisle. Go Magic!
A special guest will be co-hosting ONLY THE HITS with & on March 27th! We will be releasing more THIS TUESDAY!
Outstanding effort tonight JH. D owned that field!
Still waiting on my Mare to Hopefully deliver twin foals. Only happens 1 in 10,000 births. Due anytime between the 10th and the 16th.
thanks for following me. Press on.
Starting to see shit clearer now. O__O
Grandma: You going for the heat Brother: No Grandma: You need to go sit at the dining table by yourself Lmao!! My grandma just snapped
I'm so sleepy, but I got my new laptop charger :D ayay.
Fun fact....Lemon cookies go great paired with Witty. I bet Santa would love it!
It's So cold out.
That's fantastic, thanks so much!
Bout to take this medicine and take my ass back to sleep
Never trust someone who lies to you. Never lie to someone who trust you.
and I've done just fine on my "own" but I'm very glad to know that there are programs out there for them!
Ready for my phone upgrade.
Corp email on my Ipad through the Good App is Great!
Was just saying how lucky we were not to lose power during the hurricane... When the power went out.
yes please pin away, thank you!
You to Terri, have a good one :)
The Great Gatsby is a bad ass book!!
Those DirecTV ads require me to eat an entire bottle of Paxil every time they're on.
Nah. Totally legal, it's how it's done apparently.
Simple tip to Avoid holiday weight gain: The more sugar you eat the less fat you burn.
Happy Easter everyone! Be sure to come check out our show this coming Saturday at the Clifton forge armory!
you don't really want my heart, you just like to know you can.
hello!! I really miss working at wws!!!!
yea, im pretty sure it wont last long, the one a while ago didnt either. They have dc compliments too...
Long morning in
I have to paint. It's what I do. Whether I sell or not. But I have to sell to keep painting. Balance. I'm always looking for balance.
People that set fireworks off in the middle of the night need to have their asses kicked. Seriously?
#Aries Embrace change and let your emotions guide you.
Can't type. Need a fill. Scuse the typo.
I wana talk on the phone tonight
You make me feel insacure about my high sir.(;
mca memorial week continues.. up next, paul's boutique on a 36hr loop
Ooh!!? Hello my old friend...
I have been to your theatre many times!
can you please follow me i been doing wht u r saying in your tweets for u to follow me and u havent yet :(
That awkward moment when you're in church and you find out your study hall teacher is your friend's grandfather
When?can't find any current info online.
Beergivr hates your phone, not you. Did you miss out because the code is a big ol D bag?
I agree! Wish #ASTD2012 lasted 1 more day so I could have connected in person w you & a few other key folks. Let's chat soon.
Happy Earth Day; how are you going to make a difference?
Every now and then, I fall apart. [turn around, bright eyes]
I Miss You Too :)
What celeb do you think has the best hair?... past or present!
I came up with a great name for a condom company. Kingdoms fit for a king
#LunchOutside maybe at alki at dukes?
State Board of Educ member Paul Lundeen testifying against multistate testing bill.
Joan Pratt is a separately elected official, not answerable to the Mayor.
I have been to 6 of them and all of them were amazing:) I want to try them all!!
you should post an article on your blog about companies in their situation... maybe a list not too invest in or something? :)
Our song is the way you laugh
Just one of those days.... Free Picks begin again tomorrow. All members from today will get FREE access next time we charge for plays.
Morning Mindbender Question: If you suffer from mageiricophobia, what are you afraid of?
Headed Home Had Fun Wit #Oomf Nw She Done Fell Asleep On Me
not being informed and not believing it could affect them (Head in the sand)
Well, it wasn't NOT awesome...
Got my prom dress! :D
So many excellent things going on in MKE! Things I'm checking out: Gallery Night , RW24 , & Radio Summer Camp yay!
I think I had a horrible fantasy football draft yesturday. What was I thinking. Just prayin chris johnson signs asap
« Many men will make the mistake of thinking a #Scorpio is a good follower. They are wrong.»
adults should not ride #megabus. Period.
Why is it so hard to find extremely B.A. shoes in vegan materials? Why? I feel like every vegan shoe is styled for hippies...
Excited about tomorrow!!! Brand new new line Silverflower Jewelry Designs and new restocks from Ttereve <3
Concert tonight with Frank London at Historic TIVOLI in #Copenhagen, #Denmark. Was a rocking time... 1000 people loved it..
Watched Lionel Richie on #WDYTYA today. Awesome show. Fridays are great with the show and Geneablogger's BlogTalkRadio!
Whats on my mind is me worrying about them succeeding in life and being able to make it on their own...
Oh look, Fascinating Celeb is on E! again.
one of my all time favorite games.
We're sorry you were disappointed, some of the doughs do spread less, but we promise you ingested the same amount of cookie!
love this tweet girl. preach!
What is not art?
Yahoo: Tebow is slightly less marketable than Oprah "YOU get an interception! And YOU get an interception! Everyone gets an interception!"
I suspect many of us had been waiting for something with the form factor of the Galaxy Note: big enough to see for more than calls.
what did I say?
for instance...how many championships are players x going to win, who gives a Fuck...just sayin' have a nice day and LET'S GO PENS!
i dare you to take credit for what i've done. you deserve every bit of it in a way.
lol i just call it how i see it
“: Today is Chris Brown's birthday. We are all celebrating by watching people beat each other up. Congrats Ike!” < wow...
I would love to be considered--Over 6 years of experience in restaurants & a year @ a culinary book publishers!
I never win as it is!!! Haha
Airport Flow ✈
#NOWADAYS i get a haircut once every other week..wow
All packed up for the long early AM drive back to the #district tomorrow. Had a lovely birthday and week with friends and fam in
Vacation over! Back to work and to bootcamp with ! Bound to be painful.
as Josh may have told you, I hated wearing clothes back then
What would I do at THE Joe Louis Arena? HIT SOMEBODY!!! <g> (with much respect to Warren Zevon)
Well done Paul, well deserved. I hope Steve makes it back safely with trophy!
Thank you!
I like, but it was all over the arena...and I I'm pissed I didn't think of it first
Hello to all at the #edmeet chat!
Which Star Went to the Holocaust Museum in a Prison-Esque Jumpsuit? Let 's see, let 's see...what to wear the premiere of a film about th
uh oh, am I in trouble?
Wasn't concerned when E started conversations with her reflection. Should I be concerned that she now says her reflection is hitting her?
Wonder if i'll ever get noticed by ! x
Having a great morning of classes! Pulse is coming up at 10:30! Space is available..call us
Thanks for helping me discover that is dog friendly!
I had a really good day today! Looking forward to the weekend, though, too.
MPT Cole moves to ppd advisory committee item; even with a headstart, #atxcouncil might not get a nov. 2013 election after all
Waiting for the shuttle at the hotel for disney :D with my lil' sis. <3
Anyone have any idea where were supposed to go today for testing? Lmao
just made it on the inside at the naca mortgage fair. boy the AC feels nice.
San Diego Cinema Society screened #ActOfValor tonight. It's impressive work, completely gripping from start to finish.
that sounds like a great idea :P
aw soo cute
Who knows a good place to buy quality vanilla beans in Northern Virginia?
You did >:P RT no, you said that ;b
You will love Dallas! I will show you around, and give you the best RE recommendation!
It really doesn't matter what anyone else says, thinks, or believes; especially when God has already said yes!!! ~RM
the situation you are in may be a test from God to see what opportunities you decide to take..
There's a dude on TLC boiling and baking goat heads for dinner because he's too cheap to buy real food.
We knew that already.
me too that's why I wanna fight them I mean we thought they are they same and we are the same so its fair
“: #WhatMeansTheWorldTo #Libra being right and ALWAYS keepin it 100%” No Doubt!
See everyone today at the Mayors Food Truck Fiesta Tampa 11-2
when you are a dude it's "leadership", when you are a woman it's being bitchy
so basically u sayin u let all your boyfriends hit raw becuase there ur boyfriend if thats the case u the dirty one
Learn to master the Kettlebell Swing, the basic foundational exercise.Single most important exercise for every human. Enjoy :)
My brains too complicated to think of something that simple! Next time, text me!
- any chance you can join me on my radio show today at 3:30pm ET? Plz email me at . Thx!
Thanks for the follow! Don't forget residents at Baltimore locations get a sweet deal to become a #BmoreZipster!!
William Beckett is perfect and you know it.
Morning beautiful world!(: and all the people that live on it!
: definitely! Keep up the hard #scrappy work!
In the final leg of my morning radio shift at Then tonight I get to act in a 1-night only murder mystery. Fun!!
Niles Community Calendar for the week of April 19, 2012
Why Thank You So Much I Feel Like I Have Some Support For Once You Are Just Spectacular Honey!
Went to a Pre-screening of The 5 Year Engagement and signed a confidentiality agreement to not speak about the movie until it's release :(
haha,random and y? :)
I love iTunes Match. Syncs all my music across iTunes on MacBook Pro, MacBook Air, & iPhone.Reject solutions: GoogleMusic, media server, etc
Glad to hear it turned out. Keep me posted on the dry cure!
no. You are never too late ;)
yeah yeah so's mine haha follow me? hannahmoss14 :)) x
Blake Griffin is proof that evolution does exist. Just look at him...
love it. thanks girl. i was listening to someone with some really backwards ideals earlier and that made me feel better hahah
The Bus Finallyy Came.. And Me ndd Sydney Are The only ones here. (;
I don't understand how Mexican soccer can get worldwide trends..........
Happy Thanksgiving dude ! Hope u have a great time with your fam !
Wishing you a wonderful Easter, a beautiful spring, and a song in your heart all year.
sent you a email
Listenin' to Offspring and Greenday as loud as I can til the kids get home..then I'll have to turn back into responsible adult :P
Good luck!
I thought the same thing.... i hope is okay... I hate seeing him like that./:
We had a pretty sweet one when I lived out near Pittsburgh. Though, I don't want to picture a Riverview that serves beer.
Hey I hope you are have a great Thursday check out this epic #protoss versus #zerg game on Blistering Sands
Just found my old perfume! I love smelling this good:)
So close to kickoff! Bands, are you ready for your closeups?
hope im not sore in the morning ..
Everyone keeps telling me that the right guy will come along. I think mine got hit by a truck.
Thanks for the follow! Just followed you back. Awesome to discover new music. Love the sound.
It's going to be 94 degrees tomorrow. Where will I be? In a building with 2,500 other sweaty teenagers. Life sucks...
I'm gonna make it one of these days! RT : Could be the sickest Boom Bap session ever tonight at 9:30-midnight. $5
Radio AND the TV? #Party RT Who the heck is up right now? Anyone partying like I am? Radio and TV on!!
One of those days where after i brush meh hair , it sticks straight up.
Don't think about your competition, if u keep striving they will eventually drop out the race. Somebody gotta quit, just don't let it be u.
Lool damn I keep violating the dress code at my school every day this week. Mann fuck George Washington.
so I'm just sitting here wondering if you'll ever tweet me or follow me. At least consider it man?!
I Miss you lots and lots
"yes and no" says
Josh Hamilton of Texas Rangers hits four 2-run HRs against Baltimore Orioles Texas Rangers outfielder Josh Hamilton's torrid 2012
is a genius, I know. RT : WEATHER DISCO! <3
your Jose tweets deserve to be their own pay per view event.
I love you you are very very pretty
lol RT if any of yall dont like my tweets or what im about to do,feel free to step to me and say so. I be erwhere yall be at
lol! Go to sleep! Watching famliy matters :)
At work just thinking about the upcoming summer, lots of moves will be made. Vegas & Miami/Cruise are looking like a go.
thanx for the follow back :]
I. Am. So. Tired. Blah.
Amateur video: Shocked Costa Concordia passengers escape sinking liner
This Thursday...the AoTW is by... www.vinylhoursradio.com for more info
Did you make it Union Station for National Train Day? It was fun!
- um no. They're not.
Tip: Avoid menthol (coughdrops). It only deadens the pain. It doesn't get rid of what's actually happening in your throat. Don't damage.it.
- Good morning you guys =')
is not ninja
good answer #teamblake forever
what's good kid?
I'm surrounded by hypocrites.
What are your thoughts on the NFL Draft? How do you think your team did?
I'm very proud of myself! :D
Can you make a shoutout to me ?(: Ariel Smith(:
yes, you are that much closer to becoming a domulebrity! did you enter?
Haircut???? I think so.
Thanksgiving dinner with Jennifer Love Hewitt (picture not available).
wade fucked up
Happy Birthday Onochie! RT : RT ": The people I met this school year >>>"
Very well today, thank you. And you? Thank you for sharing today's post.
Two friend requests in one day??!!
Remember last week when I said it was eerily quiet in I was wrong. Today it's *really* eerily quiet.
Getting closer to completion on my project. Must work. :)
Just dropping by to show some luv..... How r yah?
Going to go see my brother tomorrow
Worried my cat might combust... he's sitting so close to the space heater and won't move.
ya gotta work through the bad to get to the good
So. The pupperdoodle loves ice cream!
and loves you.
My husband is actually the person handling it at this point so I will mention to him we've been in touch....
Hey there happy hour! We missed you. 4-7 Come see us!
New Jersey is happening
Awww I was just thinking the other day that you put me onto Jazmine Sullivan. Glad we can share good music with each other!
#Diet tip: drink 16 ounces of H2O 1/2 hour before a meal helped participants eat about 13% less
You can leave the door open, but eat outside, and insist you're inside
you should ask him if he wants help practicing!
Sad night. Losing a great band director after so long. Next year is going to be so weird...
AH!!! WHO'S READY FOR BELIEVE, COME ON LET'S SEE HOW MANY PEOPLE:) tweet me with #ReadyForBelieve and I'll RT IT Leggo <3
If the Higgs Boson gives mass to all other particles, it should be "everywhere"...so, why so hard to find?
#ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo is Knowing who your real homies are! Friends come and go.You'll know which ones really got your back thru it all.
on my way to nyc to sing @ st john the divine & see palemale
That's a great dream to have! :)
This school year man has taught me a lot about myself and other people
Followed back!<3
Gudmorinin world I'm wit yellow gurl
Full Brace Face now
What did you do this BIRTHDAY weekend?
no problem (: xx
Haven't opened it yet. I'll Iet you know.
Starting a countdown before Yankees fans tell you that you're biased to the Sox because you tweeted that you like the food.
Boy: "Dad, I got a girlfriend!" Dad: "Nice! Atta boy son!!" Girl: "Dad, I got a boyfriend!" Dad: *loads shotgun*"
ma cherie amor was that last song I listened to before I went into work. Been on my mind all night
if u have to ask, u can't afford it
"An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one." ~ Charles Horton Cooley
JJ Hardy's homerun almost landed on top of and I.
Get To Know Her (;
..and to everyone for whom Mother's Day is a big hole of hurt this year or any, lots of love. that is all.
Our ACM School of Music at 1758 W. Wilson currently has half-off special on piano for May if you're interested in trying it
"Facebook Privacy" is an oxymoron.
Glad to hear it! Thanks.
You know im always working same as you. RT : why aren't u sleeping in?
treat siri just like , just remember how far superior you are.
only if we can watch avengers for the second movie
Complete strangers commenting on my beer selection (Landshark). Mind your own Coors Light drinker!
I think we're going to extra innings. Oh wait, that was my revelation. Well, we'll see what comes up...
RT : one of my faves!! Throw just a smidge of dill relish in there stir it up and go! <3
when we start our team that's the kind of performance I will expect from you!
I haven't talked to you in forever
the old lady is smoking on that kiesha
RT : Ladies:: Here's a clue..When a man really wants to be with someone NO excuses will be made..Time will be made!
Inch by inch
Love hard, work hard, play hard cause life's hard but God is good!!
I wanna get a cat and name him Harry.
So done with school. I don't even feel like getting dressed in the mornings.
As of today Facebook iPhone app now lets you unfriend people while mobile. Wait, you couldn't do that already?!?
Watching what is apparently the end of the Eagles Football Season in Arizona.
A pretty girl with bad breath is like a fast car and no keys. Ain't going nowhere!
it looks great..I ll be looking forward to see it :)
Today the Red Dress Collection #Fashion Show kicking off in New York to support a national awareness campaign for women about heart disease!
What do these dumb bitches not get about being in a library? Stfu
yes they can be. But I'm sure there are emotions you do enjoy!?
These new rifts are tasty ;)
What is trending right now? We like to stay up to date what is trending online so share one!
My mornings are defined by red brakelights :-(
Damn atlanta
Thank you so much for your help. Truly appreciated :-)
Managed to connect a few well-placed Miss Piggy karate kicks to items on my to-do list today. "hi-YA!!"
what happened? :) did u skype with fans? i wish i coulda skyped with you :(
lol yea she doin my hair
Write on!
Watching the rest of Up completed my day
yes i am interested in them but i won't have the money till after modern warfare comes out. if you still have it i will get it
It is essential to employ, trust, and reward those whose perspective, ability, and judgment are radically different from yours
Off to the beach!
So glad my bff Scott could come over, we had to have a serious temple run discussion.
Thank you! I'm happy that you and your daughter like the book.
The young and the restless & the bold and the beautiful are my shows ! (:
Interested in the Arctic? I'm now tweeting from about the latest AK news and info, along with other AK team members.
Snow level at 2500' on Friday?? Is it too much to ask for (fall) winter to feel like spring? I don't hate, but I'm close with this weather.
Best fitness advice for the New Year? Get excited about exercising again by mixing it up--Take a dance class. Play tennis. Walk the lake.
how's about some follow love for ?
Dear Kate Upton & Bryce Harper: you're both too young for everybody else. Just start boning already
Good to run into you outside Sliders. Keep up the good work.
RT : You have to add personality to your brand. Add that personal touch
I love that my 9 yr old is SO into this draft...plus he's got the New Era draft hat straight from Lambeau
haha probably pasta ;)
How do you feel about Taylor? Skylar?
my Serie A teams are Udinese and Fiorentina. Yeah. I'm weird.
I need to bring you your gifts
Unrequited love is no bueno.
Polone: How I’d Fix Disney
hahaha. Thanks, Belle!
Let's get #NiallHoranIsBeatiful trending. ❤❤❤
M waffles!!! Pancakes are F$*#in Gay!!!
Someone take me to bahama bucks! And i'll love you forever! <3
No problem girl! (:
Layered: Fall coat + Spring Coat = Winter jacket. On our way to Omaha, playing Barley Street tonight. 21+
Great article, Stephanie.
awesome news! Go easy.
my daugher has successfully hidden my phone from me and left it in the sunny yard all weekend and dumped a glass of milk on my laptop!!!
#FF these Latinos in Social Media
thanks man! Hope all is well! =]
Hey yall....hope yall having a great day so far.
you and me both
wants to go for Mexican tonight. You?
Where you at!?
The Moon is a visible sliver out the window, $ is no issue unless U R a Mother &a widow, Dad killed n war You don't C, supposed 2 set U Free
Made it to day 2!! Woohoo! Got 80k in chips. Tomorrow starts at one. See u all there! :)
A new giveaway guitar will be announced later today. I think you guys will be pumped about it... Can you guess the brand?
Giants BItches!!
Happy happy birthday! May all your dreams come true. I hope you like this birthday tweet, I made it just for you! (: #HappyBirthdayJaxon ...
Whoa - that's incredible. I used Netscape to view it in.
Means Wordpress is more popular. :)
thank you for having us "Timeless' at your festival!
good dude and funny. RT Looking for suggestions for podcast guests.
I think i finally found a song that describes everything i'm feeling right now
RT : I just want to thank a few followers 4 being there
You're the bomb! Haven't been on twitter much.....been super ill. Have a blessed weekend!
It is so incredibly nice out - lets hope it stays this way for tonight's game!
Make a nigga rich
Tampa bay and atlanta
RT : "No parent should have to choose between a job and a sick parent." #momsattheWH we need SS caregiver credits
“: The second you stop chasing them is the second they'll start chasing you.”
Busy day tomorrow. Three meetings on Wednesday.
everyone follow she'll give you the best posts.. SHES MEXICAN!
& , how do I get in touch w/ the woman re: the LinkedIn for journalists training mentioned on todays #ncmewebinar??
Ha, thanks for that! You back in Chico for the holidays?
So I have no school today and I dont work.. Why am I up so early? Might as well be productive
Just saw #avengers movie great flick check it out
Friends come and go but real friends last a lifetime:)
I'm actually heading to the ale haus right now. What are you up to
It's so hard though!
Dear Pacific Resources Partnership who was the idiot to start this smear campaign #BeNiceBen when you should be saying
Stop talking in walk to walk
Heaven is a state of mind, not a location! This is so true!
Yeah, I ordered plantain pancakes topped w/ Cotija cheese :)
IN BLACK TWO PARTIES FOR THE PRICE OF ONE 9AM TO 6AM***** Special Guest FMI Mafia Dolls
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout X
I'm almost positive Austin got signed.
#GOP you want to do is change the subject civil liberties to other things saying POTUS just loves to listen to the sound of his own voice :(
what about Scorpio “: A #Libra will be very attentive, observing all of their surroundings.”
what happened?
We play tonight at 11pm Cleveland. Great bands all night.
not me tho!!! I living high and happy on sugar!! and not to mention out of shape!!!
I'm stressed that I can't keep up with this topic I LOVE - am i a Struggling reader (and typer) or what!!??!!
Sure! Just Add the soaked apples to your fav spice cake recipe. I use Fuji apples and soak them for at least a 24hrs. :)
Dear features editor, 'I was supposed to go home a long time ago.' Yeah, go home. Now.
all of my teams won today :D
Well it's official. I guess it's time to start using this account!
Got it all in with Ks10c vs 5s6s on QsJs9s board and lost a $3800 dollar pot.
you hate my kings dont you?
When you hire Lien Design, you benefit from an organic team of highly talented professionals pooled together over the last decade.
im boutta really diss both u fags
"I am nothing. I have to be hyperactive all the time to fascinate people enough so they don't notice there is nothing." Zizek or Canseco?
So proud of how well #ThinkLikeAMan was executed! I am so impressed with the writing and the cast. Just a fantastic job all around.
Opening day!
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals. -Sirius Black
Who else is on Twitter? Are you following us?
:No actually, you are wrong. How is Wilders even comparable to those he is raising the alarm on? Seen Fitna? Doubt it.
is looking for a Progam Controller- EXCELLENT GROWTH OPPORTUNITY!! Pays 75K. Email your resume to **
sending u something tonight lets get it in
I know that theoretically I should...but it doesn't seen to work that way. Lol!
People Who Wait Till The End Of The Year To Act Hard<<
I don't get it.
So nervous bout saying that...
H8 U, Chaucer. Especially the Merchant's tale. That thing is long as hell and I can't think of a thing to write about it.
I can drive where I want
omg i love your name
Agreed. I'm excited about it.
Being honest is never something you should be ashamed of...
2) Im not ADD enough to keep up with you people here.
you gon be at Tony room again???
Positive thinking is a system of beliefs. It's time to change and evolucionate to the globalization. Be positive and keep goals up.
I failed everyone to prepare you for a lifetime of inevitable disappointments. ~ A pessimistic teacher.
St. Paddy's Day or St. Puppy Day?! Join me on Chnl 8 right now for Humane Society benefit!
At what time you thinking?
She goe b NAKED (:
text me later or tomorrow then tell her I said hi !(:
I'm doing great, thank u for asking!! Hope u are as well :)
Epic weekend ahead!!
me to!
So quiet and eerie at the office - it must be
#IcantTrustYouIf I tell you "I love you!" & you struggle to say anything back. It took me alot of courage to say that to you ASSHOLE!
I am so embarrassed..I was asked to leave a place cause of the kids, its sad that I can't go places w/out a sitter. I cried :(
Your jokes are fucking awesome and that's exactly why MTV didn't like them.
It should be an automatic win tonight for the Angels...that should be that rule if the home team has bad weather. =)
I am looking for a Vice President for GolinHarris NY with Personal Care and /or Food experience.
tisk tiskk ...your nail polish is chipping....
I somehow have Missouri winning the National Championship?
#friday at #ClubSecrets and #saturday at #ClubISIS what else could you want?
“: #FitnessTip Want lower Abs? Leg Raises & Reverse Crunches” And a good diet!
Choose optimism. It builds your confidence. Believe that today will be better than yesterday and that tomorrow will be better yet.
Proof that people will spend millions of dollars on a HORRIBLE IDEA: there's a Three Stooges movie in theaters ... (cont'd)
ops... top of the 4th. and just got worse.6-2 St. Louis.
i thought it was being made by Sony ?
oh dear ipod where TF are you ? ;x
On my way to Cincinnati this morning for audition in feature film. In the convertible, top down!
Kick ass!!
Nice days like this makes me wanna take a ride on a Harley. Sigh...
Working out w/my boyfriend!
aw thanks for your kind words. I can't believe I'm anybody's favorite but it's so flattering!
Thanks, Lysa! :D
Oh , Good Luck With That ! . & iigh Cool Cool Just Hmu .
It was awesome!! The service and food was amazing.. we are going back monday, then going to look at Christmas lights! :)
but they're not 40 miles apart either. It's different I guess
welcome to the blog catalog network.
Zero tolerance for Hypocrites
I don't need to rub the greatness of Cuse basketball in anyones face ESPN will do it for me!
I hate biology. I hope it dies.
Do I deviate from the Michael Pollan rules? Sure. But I mostly go by them. Good to know I did even before I read them.
People that envy me all I can say is thanks. Waht Eva girls or niqqas say is juss shit tht pisses me off:)
I teabagged ur drumset": WHY ARE YOU SO SWEATY? I WAS WATCHING COPS. YOU TOUCHED MY DRUMSET BECAUSE COPS DOESN'T START TIL 4."
Are you in love or lust..? How do you know? Love takes it's time; lust is demanding...
Thanks - pretty excited about spending the summer with educators way smarter than me
Left is Right | Bitter Carla Bruni lashes out at France's national broadcaster claiming: 'It's left wing television' - Daily Mail
True => MT "Everyone can be a reporter; not everyone can be a journalist." -
i'm pretty sure i'm going
hahah, good idea. And I guess I should go with you, simply for observation purposes.
I feel just like I'm living someone else's life It's like I just stepped outside When everything was going right
why is it that when ever we play more than twice a week. we never play any of them.
getting my hair wbu
I don't think that gay sandwich will get old.
That FCAT had me sleepy
#Medeco - 3rd question: the ball bearing in the sidebar must be installed with it facing qhich direction?
Process tells us how. Purpose tells us why. Process is the purpose. Another #Alinsky crumb for thoughtful(or less) implementation
when is bacon day?
Thanks for sharing! Looking forward to chatting tomorrow about
"Optimizing Self Expression" employs the real mechanics of the mind, one of my ideas and discoveries.
Select Flogging Molly as the artist on Pandora and you have your St. Patty's Day music for the entire day. Promise.
hi friends!
New articles up!!! Get them while they are hot!
Glad we were able to help!
excitied to see people trying out twitter! had to block some spammers though.
#NOWFOLLOWING RT for that good ol' follow
RIP Barnabas Collins.
I'm jealous - I'd love to be there to listen in; glad you guys are live tweeting it.
So im gonna grow out my hair really long and get it all silver:) and then I'll just curl it everyday
The flip board challenge, always a fav. And loving the lever action
oh I bet! :) take tons of pictures!!! lol!
is now officially on The Kinetik Tour! Dates coming soon!
All I do is Lin Lin Lin no matter what.
Thanks for showing your support for the initiative !
Every day something new is being invented. These transitions should not cause you meltdowns.
We Must Have Faith And Our Dreams Will Become True!
That shit works. Same exact strategy I used on a teacher who screwed me over on a grade this semester. She's changing my grade.
The last few weeks 1 question keeps coming up "how do I print the online authorization form"? Answer it's electronic no printing needed.
So Hunger Games ISN'T about overweight children playing tag, huh? Well color me embarrassed.
I'm Lexi "The Love Dr."
We are continually faced by great opportunities brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems
I'm long time D-Lister Radio Reme. I just wanted to say that your Wed show was great. That Ickey Woods intrvu was the best!
Happy Bike to Work Week! Bike by our stores on your way to work and enjoy a FREE 12 oz coffee or Cold Brew!
i get brain n the whip who needs a smart car
where is part 3??
Damn derwin and Melanie got fired from the game lmao
Seniors travel abroad without taking health precautions
Sending out another alert in the morning, sign up now!
Summer is almost over and school is about to begin.....who is still short funds and needing some help?
Bulls Baby!!
I have done absolutely shit today.
Thanks, lady! Miss you!
Yeah. I saw Chris Rock today.
Zero if you're using Nest! Check it out, super cool new technology to save energy and make lives easier
when will you answer emails to
Final Four! Thank YOU for voting everyone. 6 more days of voting begins tomorrow @ 7am. Thanks for getting me there!
Awesome, sounds like a plan.
the ap english test nerves aren't hitting me right now. i really should be sleeping.
This weather was created for lunch on the patio. Our patio. At least that's the word going around town.
Girl you need to date Koda because you and him look good together!!
Apparently every time I tweet I get a FREE iPad!
If you have a business you would like to receive a lot of traffic with. Check out our advertising page on our site.
Ah, enjoying my morning coffee!
so much tailgate food yesterday....bacon wrapped shrimp and scallops was only the beginning!
I went on one of those milk runs with you once!
i lovee you ... I wish i can meet you one day! You are awesome! ... Please notice me?
Don't get in trouble. Take our brewers# shuttle. Stop in for a drink and get a ride to and from the game.
Long time no tweet! Hope ur well!
You might as well go get your pro time in now while you're up!
YES please do that! We could really use that!
in Tuscan restaurant at Hyatt now
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
Arkansas likes those former Louisville coaches. Bobby Petrino and now John L. Smith
shoe shoes the material of booze the moe you buy the more you lose!!
RIP Mitch.
How many people out there just want these people to go away,BO,Axelrasputin,DWS,Sebilieus,Carney,Biden and the rest of the admin...
"DON'T SPILL ON MY ROBE."
ThX 4 sharing! “: It's kind of fun to do the impossible. Walt Disney”
u shouldnt follow....lol. might take you where u dont wanna be....lmao
happy Tuesday! Have a great day
I love how old people instantly assume I'm some ASBO teenager.. Do I really look like I have a gun?
thank you for inspiring not just this gal but the ENTIRE world, I can't even wrap my brain around what you've done & WILL do! XO
Everyone in courtroom waiting for verdict. Could be probation all the way up to life in prison.
I'm definitely the naked guy. I think you're the can't complete a sentence guy
ur next album title should be called "macaroni and trees"
Madonna is 53. But guess what #Superbowl and all you #manwhores, She will be 54 Next year
Great minds think alike. ;)
So cold in my editing bay today that I'm for once actually thankful my MacBook Pro runs extremely hot. [rubs hands above keyboard]
Stop tapping me.
A good friend of mine used to say, "It's a very simple game. You throw the ball, you kick the ball, you catch the ball."
pizza with green peppers can make a crappy day a bit better, i think
That was a tense standoff. Maybe. I think that's what the music cue told me.
thanks for following welleducator.org! Look forward to tweeting with you.
why is my neighbor mowing his yard at 7 am.
In THEORY, #ACO motivations more patient-focused than HMOs, which are cost focused.
Your Hercules to me baby!<3
so sorry to hear that Buck.
My favorite was the big doughy guy dancing for the dance cam in his jersey!
Special flowers delivered,sent by the most awesome couple I know & love makes me no long care about wind, tmobile, or being sick <3 XO <3 XO
That cut is particularly good on it!
Great suggestion, and thanks for being there for us!!! We will be there for you and your 3D madness for a good long time!
RT : Who wants to be mentioned in the new song I'm writing know? RT this message with ur #name at the end - Briana
Up on iTunes search Coach Carlos' podcast
#questionsthatdontgetanswers do you give head?
On-Site SEO means making sure that every part of your site is well readable to the search engines.
North Korea's missile launches were duds. They should have saved all that money and help feed their peeps instead
Can any of my followers give me there facebook link to add me as a friend? or so i can add you? Let's smoke...
No work today 👍
I am so close to just going back to bed, so close.
shit. good point.
this song will play during the first dance at my wedding.
Thank you all<3 I cant believe that I have so many followers ;) my next goal is 2000 till my BDay (06/30) ;**
ICON DTLA TONIGHT hosted by , ft Int'l Playboy Playmate DJ Crystal Ellis & live drumset by Ms.D-Nice!
#waystogetunfollowed Maybe finding Waldo?
Thanks! Word on the kitty beat is two families offered to pay for the surgery and one family will adopt him. Happy ending!
Ah, Browns. 8min in and you're already getting killed. Just like old times.
Lol poor thing, what school you about to go to
Back from a great weekend in the mountains!
Omg so cute
Got a good feeling about my interview! I might be teaching kids sometime next spring...
Probably soul food.
Some fun tweeps you should know about this #FF: ! Now... Go get some sun, Seattle!
as an owner of the packers I approve of that last tweet
A true #artist thinks outside the box too many carbon copies that's why so many are failing and they say art is dead #beoriginal BE YOU!
what are you doin uo there
r u guys really comin to the US ???????
story of my life...
MT In former #Brewers news, reports #Mets will add C/IF/OF Vinny Rottino to roster
Monday, May 14 from 8 am-3:30 pm, Randolph Ave will be closed from Florida St to Glover St for work. Please use detours and expect delays.
We hope you enjoy the show! We've heard great things and wish you the best of luck :) Thanks for using ShowClix!
I went in and I dont even give AF...facts are facts!
Thanks, all! XOXO
New glee is on tonight can't wait
DC Saw Charles Jones on TV w Fenty. I thought felons could not comingle?
Ya...contemplating which night this week I'm going to see The for the third time.
#TNC10 National drug control 5 priorities (cont.) 4. Special Care for Offenders. 5. Improved Data Systems.
This week Christy and Ignatiy present the Sneak Previews episode 'Going to the Movies with a Critic' featuring Roger Ebert & Gene Siskel!
Happy Easter. Getting ready then off to Easter service at my favorite place!!! :)
Drawing for the door prize.
#RITZ2 this Friday || FREE FOR ALL!! | Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !! | $10 Pitchers | $5 Wings | #tonefide 7
Watching Tin Man with Love it.
Sad epiosde of the walking dead. #shocked :(
Presentation Coaching - if you can do a live demo, seriously do a live demo. People comprehend and remember what they can HEAR AND SEE
im still #TeamOD, yall need to come to the studio & get dwn with protunes
Looking for a place to watch the #Packers game tomorrow? We're open 4- Cl & will have $2 tall boys of #Bud & Labatt during the game!
Or make some
But everything is so damn expensive out there. Even grocery food costs 3 times more there than here.
big tables are key to a successful
Its really amazing how boring social bookmarking can get
Sea Island I'm t-minus 6 hours. Need some beach time and a round of golf or two to set me straight.
Text 3174073360 and say he's acting like his dad , pwease & thank you .
When shopping for #foundation, choose at least 3 colors to test on your jawline.
el-la-vate. (that is all)
You gave your teacher the middle finger when they turned around? You dare devil.
yes! I will be available! :D
31 missing assignments. Omfg. I have my work cut out for me. :/
did you go into Posh next door? such an adorable store... I wanted to buy everything, but showed some restraint!
Steve's got a new idea that's soundin pretty nasty!!!!
My roommate is dancing around amd singing to usher. Dear God help me.
I want... No I need some damn unhealthy food STAT. Forget this damn diet. #Ineedicecream wahhhhh
#wewontwork if you dont sneak in little kisses throughout the day [:
Unless you puke, faint or die KEEP GOING!!
has elegant lunch options. Get 15% OFF w/ a #TallyCardz and twitpic your meals!
We LISTEN & then help you get started w/correct, affordable, durable screen printing equip. & accessories. #CAPS Flash; #CAPS Bench printer
Looks like Hairston tried to swat it but missed it.
How hard is it to say the Z in crazy... Cray is not a word unless you are talking about mudbugs
Yeyya! Glad ya like :D
Uggh..i shouldn't have said anything :/...i feel likee a horrible person!!
Now tone I know u aint just figurin that out:) ": This rap game Fuckedup"
What we may think is a setback is really a step forward.
It should be fun :)
Last night >>>
Join Ad2 March 13th for, "When Creatives and Non-Creatives Unite." A look into the team building experiences of Joe Kruessel and Jesy Herron
Sometimes we forget that the only thing we need in life to make us happy is US
That looks more delicious than words can describe.
Thanks for the follow. Always wanted to work with Games. I respect your work.
I'm at buying some fittings for my wiener.....upgrading.
;) gotta show love ya know?! Rockin my #GoHardorStaySoft band with my Mile High tee #unstoppable LOL!
thankyou so much :)!
Making it was the bright spot of my Sunday, considering I spent it watching multiple Anne Frank documentaries for work.
Ever gotten licked by a giraffe?
Ironic. Butler is playing in an arena that has even more history than its Fieldhouse--The Palestra. I love hoops.
Bridesmaids acceptance speech without Kristin Wiig: fail
Great news everybody! Beauty blowout sale on HSN!
Yeah buddy! Let's go pens!!!!
why thank you. I'll let you know if I like this social media thing.
Jeanrella. Really wow
": wrap it is pretty nice if you have max" i have max on pc and everything else on mac, is that a prob?
it was very embarrassing! I felt like I violated this poor dude. I asked if I could bleach his gi for him.
lol when are u comin back to church so u can get saved....Again lol
Stay tuned awesome cut n color class coming soon to Marin. Tony Trono JP Strand Greg Fernandez up close hands on
The Reverend Horton Heat >>>>>>
At the office for some serious work today.
thanks for spreading the word!
How is everyone?(:
Next up - build #greenhouse farms in
Yay Loving Start!
sorry you put your trust in others and they let you down
I love my family
i'm special! lol
substitute "a lot" with "has completed the tutorial and imported some files into it" and you'll be on the money
are you refreshing the tracking info every 10 seconds?
Being invited to your birthday shindig made me feel like I still live in #NYC. It was a dream within a dream moment.
"in dedication to alexa burton, featuring ryan mace's birthday".
That's what I was thinking! Hilarious.
She's hot, you should go talk to her! Okay! *walks away* this should be funny....
yeahh I have to
Had an AMAZING day at the sales conference and then got a NBC lululemon sweatshirt!!!!
yeah, and quality takes a hit. big time.
Another Hotel of the Future, Here Now: Ecuador's Mashpi Lodge - Forbes
Today's healthy food tip: Always eat your chicken either steamed, poached, roasted, broiled, boiled, grilled or baked.
Wow that is one heck of a picture! So awesome
I fell asleep in the bathtub,lol.
Gonna go to the studio again and then hanging with my new peeps.Peeps who never treat me badly.They support my future.
"I like to fire people". #Mitt #Romney. He will create jobs -- in #China, #Mexico and
the Braves and Phillys are tied 13-13 in the bottom of the 11th.......good god
Your curiosity is going to get us in trouble one day. But for now WE
Thanks to all the new and old RBB followers!!! The DVD will be available for pre-order soon!!! Followers will get a special price!!
Can't wait to see and next month!!!! #Boston #newhampshire holler!
Yeah your too good for such things.
Shout out to suzanne Schulman 14 day streak of none stop yelling
": FACT: Girls have a lot of crushes, but their heart only belongs to one guy." Coughcough Evan <3
Sylvester Stallone To Sell Vacation Home « London Luxury Real ...
6-6 in the SEC. 45-45 in the Big 12. Pretty much sums it up.
sure, but I never met a nice man who ignores his mom. I hope my son doesn't ignore me when I'm elderly.
What temperature is your thermostat set to?
If your going to do something, do it right... Pisses me off...
Your book looks AWESOME.
#offline. This alpha needs to get her fierce on.
My skin everywhere burns still
Heading to dinner at a place called Tapa That. The food better make up for the name.
The Bus loves our cozy #equalitypants, so much so that it's a running hashtag already. Love your #equalitypants too? RT!
Dear Yahoo! Please make #delicious open source and give it to a nonprofit. We'll take care of it.
all these females saying they don't like ice cream they lie they all love that "Big Stick"
Dear , You are sassy on I like it.
How about we stop pretending and start telling each other how we really feel?
I need to check that out, it still comes on?
Mocha Cookie Crumble Frappuccino is definitely a new favorite. Blended sweetness with cookie and chocolate whipped cream.
Cool cya there!
Thank you for the wonderful interview. It was a delight meeting you and your team.
Yup RT : If I didn’t have all these photos that I’ll never look at, I don’t know how I would make my computer run so slow.
Can't wait to see it! Fittin' to go alone if my friends don't get it together. Congratulations!
#coupledontcare Does in relationship means anything to partners anymore? Some them act like they single, why act single just be single.
Relationships nowadays = First week: I love you baby.. Second week: Together forever.. Third week: Single..
Lol its all good. imma just burn they asses like they did my ancestors Haha
no no no. I got my sunglasses a suede.
In desperate need of something more fun than this working thing.
Thanks ! Looking forward to having you and your group here. Safe travels!
Sugar is toxic and I feel as addictive as heroine. Starch has the exact same bad biological impact as sugar. Fructose is also sugar.
At least 4 injured in school shooting at #chardonhighschool. That's where I went!
fingers crossed!
If you live in the burbs, you might want to say the opposite.
We're eating some tasty Whitt's Barbeque in Lebanon, TN. Family packs all day!
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
What's everyone's Labor Day plans?! Boating? Camping? Football? Tell us!
Is submitting to DSpace!
Some of y'all not gone wait 90 days, More like 90 tweets.
RT : Sleeping is never the same without you.
Thank you!
if they aren't at the same lib, apply for both. Too many job offers better than too few
#thankusteve for all your inspiration and innovation! You will be highly missed!
I Heard Through The Grape Vine This Is The Date Pink Friday Was Released Is That A #Truestatement Fa'Sho Fa'Sho.
RPS Libraries will all be closed until March 19th at 5pm! Have a wonderful spring break!
I think my ankle is sprained . /;
how dare you live a life and not fulfill your dream because the manifestation of your dream inspires others to dream
its just like his hands...their so big....
Bitch just cause I have 61 doesn't mean I won't spend time blocking you and reporting your ass for spam.
Thanks for the #follow Am #happy to
yes! Brunch is delicious! Was she not brilliant??
People who have built community here RT : Q4. Who would you like to hear about at CIW Talk: Cities at #CIW2012?
Almost ready to give this workaholic thing up in favor of having a life. I don't know. Looks good on paper.
My man is cold blooded
Not a joke, but yes. “: Elementary = 30 friends. Jr. High = 20 friends. High school = 10 friends. College = 3 Real friends.”
lol scary. >>> Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering…
Zac Lane is a lieing fucking asshole and I wish more then anything I could kick him in the nuts so hard I break my boot.
Short night. Time to get moving & head back to work.
So one thing good that will come out of this foreclosure lock-up fiasco: excellent opportunities to buy well on short sales from banks.
A little crush turned to something more (:
Mystery Solved: ‘RaiseOnce’ on PokerStars Confirmed as Phil Ivey
I'm interested!!!
When your gonna have the Danceparty again :D
He checks it from time to time. He followed me last year some how.
I did both! Thanks for your suggestions! :o)
I love my relationship I have wit my nieces Vanah & Ieza!!We get it in,wit our convo's..We talking bout broke folks living beyond means lol
Judge Payne from IN "We had to fix things, but the company we were working w/ had no incentive to improve, they made too much money."
to ur email not twitter. um not that long ago.
reports from Vegas that the girly trappings are back for ladies golf
Missing #TBBT finale.... Life sucks
Ready for some basketball Scott County! The Cards face Oldham Cty 11:30 a.m. today in the Sweet 16 semifinals
I love to follow awesome people and awesome people watch thomasxdgk videos on youtube! Give him a watch he is great!
family events that involve my sister and i never go well.
Fascinating choice for a title, as your review shows. Really can't wait to read--he's one of my favorite authors.
RT : A donor is giving City Harvest $5 for every new follow before 12/31! Help us feed New York's hungry with one click!...
We're downtown shakin this wedding up tonight. Happy Holidays!
You too!
Mr Gibson calls that "sleep karate." FWIW, it stopped when I went off Zoloft. #WTF?
The thing is, I actually enjoy grading one assignment. It's only in aggregate that they get so oppressive.
My Klouchebag score - 43 or "quite noisy." Awesome!
Congratulations on your invitation and nomination to ! We look forward to welcoming you in the near future! ^bw
alright people. are any of you on ? we want to see photos of you in the new year rocking your belt buckles!
Several have suggested to me LMA360 (Loyalty Marketing Association and Loyalty 360). We are going to promote that.
I hope 2012 turns out to be a great year!
Todays been an amazing day so far but hasn't followed me !
me too!! Jud and I laughed and laughed! Hilarious.
They wrong for that raw fish tho..
RT I'm still sayin let's go #NYK last game or not
People in other countries would kill for the kind of stuff you find at the 1$ store. Let's start another business helping them.
14 school days left, 22 including weekends, which means.... 23 DAYS FOR AVICI!
When someone is so sweet to you, don't expect that they will be like that all the time because even the sweetest chocolate expires.
Don't go to Slended Nails Park and Mt Morriah
I've never read his stuff. I was baffled when he got famous; several of my friends went to HS with him, including
If he ever texts me.. Haha(:
#ThingsThatShouldNOTHappen having to say good bye to this literally sucks...
On the toilet is my alone time
very cool
“: I’m not single. I’m in a long-standing relationship with fun and freedom.” 👍😝
Makin sure all the ladies know I'm a man who blazes his own trail and doesn't bend to societal standards, cuz that's attractive.
did a radio interview defending the Coliseum today. now people are annoyed again. Obviously.
#tradetebow to the #SAINTS If other teams try to hurt him hes protected
Can't wait for the album. #FEAR ...I'm def feelin it!!! ...nice work!
Please follow !!! I want to see her make a "dance video" for getting to 40k followers!
Is everyone else refreshing Twitter constantly hoping for the #Braun decision?
My 4 yr old son gave me a hand made card for Father
1st Ramma Lamma practice w/ our new drummer tonight. Hopefully we get our shit together before our show on the 30th.
": so I'm watching you on CNN and you're such an inspiration. Keep trying <33"
Thanks, looking forward to meeting fine people, fine beer, and (as usual) knowing just enough to get myself in trouble.
Thought I saw an early trick-o-treater at my neighbor's house but it was actually a very short man with a chainsaw. A real one.
if I could see your face ill probably kiss your smile lol good mornin
Trying to convince wife that is a romantic place to have date night before our Halloween custome party.
feel so so sick! Someone take care of me!
guy, whatever. see if I ever go to lunch with you again.
49ers client trending nationally. He deserves it...had another great game.
I'm pretty stoked that is re-tweeting rare books posts. Go, library geeks! Thanks, Alyssa :)
And Alex Avila helps the Tigers sweep the Red Sox with a walk off 2 run HR. Prince Fielder was on base.
RT Any dj's that need straight Mp3s of any songs just tweet
You're welcome :)
Shipping is now only a BUCK!
Afraid I was going to see my #1 faux pas on that list-No one actually cares about my daily workout. Apparently I'm clear though...
do I really?
Wednesdays, 5-10pm, $15 select wines! Can't finish your bottle? No worries! #MD let's you recork & take home :)
I miss this class. And that looks way too chocolate to be Obama.
unfollow tHis page got hackd follow my new one now
What is funny is that people think this person... Oh, that was expected they would go out like that, she was a drug addict, right?
well even though idk what that means... Congrats!!! :D
this girl is a true friend, she helps with alott!< 3 I love heree!(:
Thanks Lisa! I don't work with "student leaders" directly so not quite in my area of knowledge.
yeah hopefully he does... and maybe they'll win some shit.
you'll be the bitch in my story. Except Cody's gonna start kicking you.
Just saw Boris Kodjo. Good lord that man fine
will you mention DECA club in a tweet to help promote our new Twitter Page?
…you might want to change clothes before dinner as well. Just sayin'.
golf party at applebee's 👍⛳
KNowing your heart rate is helpful for other reasons though. You could look at it that way!
great idea! I think I have popcorn...
RT amazing examples of cloud outages and costs to industry from lack of #digitalpreservation via #timbus - really...
shit thats what im talkin bout chase the check
