I can't find your "Information Designer's Toolkit", mentioned in Mike Markel's #TechComm textbook. Web link broken or moved?
I owed you one after all the love you've been sending me. You have a great day as well!
And there is the State Journal's 2011 All-Area girls co-athlete of the year's take on the move to Green Bay. Thanks,
just started it tonight!
She jus want me for my watch...she jus want me for my car...
Dang I almost forgot a freshman playing a big role for his squad
it's okay we're gonna give out hints.....but can u do us a fav and tell ppl to participate in are contest
S/o to all my new followers :)))
better be!
Blah! Big mouth finally won something.
Join this Saturday, October 22nd, for their first Kelly Lane Trunk Show!
Yeah, well.... At least our first baseman isn't fat.
Listened to "Lover's Eyes" by on the live stream from Austin. Love that song!
One Hundred Years of Solid Booze
WIAA and UW officials tell me negotiations for next year's basketball tournaments are on hold. Still could be in Madison OR Green Bay.
Thanks for ruining the rest of the fuckin day!
i need to get my networking on.
Love. MT There's so much more joy in just being yourself.
Great night at the Smith Center in Vegas last night! Off to Indiana for a couple of days.
haha for real! im glad ur awake with me i need someone to keep talking to while this video loads..si no me quedo dormida..haha
What you say dosent matter anymore.
i wish i was as gorgeous as those girls on tv, i wish i was as skinny as a model, i was i was anyone but me.
$360 for a size 13. Didn't mind cuz anything above an 11 is gawd status w/ this shoe
I'm strong over reasons & situations that I've been through cause I'm bout that life.
History in the making.
Maps by Yeah Yeah Yeah's is my new favorite song that I forgot about
I wasn't put onto this Earth to be silent....lol
r u still on selenas side???
Watching little manhattan, is the most adorable thing<3
Happy Hunger Games! I wonder if they talk about bread as much in the movie as they did in the books? LOL. The books always made me hungry!
This windy day has successfully given me a headache. What happened to the #Summer like weather? :(
checking that article asap
Intuition, observation, analysis. The bermuda triangle I hope to get lost in.
AP credits with 1 hour of AP classes. Talk about your ROI
Someday! Hopefully before I start going gray.
wake the very special lil booger up and get his autograph ,lol you're still in Florida you 2 are bonded! ~~~~rich
That good huh? RT : Just saw the Avengers! Wow! Awesome is an understatement!
YEE TOCK CHEE PARK (Sausalito CA) Il Piccolo Cafe Specialita having Latte with Friends from Rubaiyat Shoes the best view in the world
It means that they're afraid the OB Rag will show up. heh, heh. Bonnie started the trend after we mentioned one in a story.
LOL! RT : Friendly reminder, tonight's game is on It's the one with the guy who's always yelling about stocks.
My husband was right, I should not have had tea at 10:30 at night. My night of sleep wasn't very productive, but hey, I'm up to work out!
Come home boosie boo
Going to bake for the rest of the day because the weather sucks and for me that means make fat food.
re: using FB- I have used to confirm alma mater
Best part of the weekend =not setting an alarm
Yeah, I'm guilty. I used to do it heavily until I questioned it.
oh yeah? What kind of side projects?
I think imma get used to this performing on stage business :)
That Ice sucks ! Tryin to slow us down.
I went again this week too. :) Butternut squash dish was delicious.
Stopped by Verlo to try the creations by Grayson Schmitz. Slice with caramelized onions, pancetta, & arugula was my fav.
check out Eric's status about not finishing the race lol
Doubtful. Although I did unfollow you, then read it again and refollowed you. I'm no so smart, lol.
And the goofy gal in the wizard hat! RT : The guys in the goofy pirate hat is your roving tech question guy.
2012 PR tip #5. Don't get stuck behind the computer. Get out and network on a regular basis.
maybe someday haha
Swop is playing out of his mind but #cards won't miss his play next year.
“: GM! NEVER Focus On What COULD HAVE Been. If Something SHOULD HAVE Been .. It WOULD HAVE Been. #AdjustYourFocus”
AIN'T NO SHAME IN MY GAME
This is going to be the last time I change my twitter. I don't do too many tweets as JT Scott so I went back to my old one.
And I've rewritten the introduction yet again! Fourth time is hopefully the charm.
Thats my bitch
wow the lead singer Is really damn hott!
hurry the hell up! :D
and then publicizes it ;-)
why? Everyone knows what he's gonna say. NOTHING
Just kidding Baconfoot I have to like all your comments
Celebrities to C.E.O's contact B.C.N. for whatever contact you may need .
"Already did! Good suggestion thoughh, ;)" XD
sounds like you are doing great LS! I hope all is well in the Chi!
I chalk Morway's "fraud issue" up to he was an agent and "agents do shady shit" and its not a big deal.
we can't wait either :) see you soon
Sigh - on the personal side, gotta run and get to my SPHR Strategic credit training.
was the 'ish, real female that was in the game, I had all her cd's
um, is 8:30 am too early for #winestorming?
aw your just so sweet ^_^
i can't imagine having to do my work without two widescreen monitors. it would take so much longer to gsd.
thanks for the tip...
Feel Like Giving Some Shoutouts... Who Want One?
I want to join my cousins birthday celebration tomorrow night but the room rates are outrageous! More expensive than Vegas! :/
yeh I figured that out the hard way....
19- we never talked before, but your really pretty(:
I'm in between what is and what happens next. Decisions here are more cirtical. Keep your head up, mind the gap, be ready for what's next.
Bed fred
I think the Occupy protesters are confused enough within their own group that they will never have a clear goal.
A few hours late, but I'll sit with you today. Perhaps a good time to reflect on what #mindfullness is to me. :-)
Hi, Marcia, thanks for following
So far, brilliant. Thanks for sharing the link.
Sifting through the resumes of the potential development director for . Ah, the life of a non-profiteer in the great recession!
I'm sorry but 1D, I don't like you.
Non-profit animal rescue group seeking donations of your unused but working computer monitors in the Kaufman/Terrell area.
my 6 words for chicago. Your 6 for Bali? "Giving reigns to rahmbo, no thaw"
When #yolo is used for everything <<<
my eyes keep watering...idk whats wrong with me....im not crying tho..
Amazing #Slaughterhouse5 Yvette Herman and the All-Metro HS kids doing some creative, exciting theater. Sat 7:30 or Sun 2pm
You are probably more qualified then the men they invited!
When u see me cryin half of me wants u to hold me&say everythin will be ok;& the other half hates u&wannts u far from me.:))
Sometimes I get sad when I'm having a bad day. And then I remember that the #Packers won the
I want to go out and do something!! :)
please follow me back sexy
In an effort to make up for my tribute, tn I begin my 89pg manifesto: "Paukovich: Life thru the eyes of a 6'9 Gretzky"
my niggas in the gym taking these ROIDS nigga
at axis enjoying some drag queens/kings
Wake up. School. Home. Homework. Sleep. And redo it. Every day.
fantastic! It's Jimmy Carter's new book about faith. email me your snail mail:
If you rush you you could end up in a B.Roy situation. But, the larger point is, the doctor knows better than us.
It's raining and hailing like a mofo.
Just talked on the phone with my beautiful friend lisette(:
those are darling wedges, too cute. Buy them for sure.
I get really annoyed by ppl trying to take credit for my ideas
Ty for all the response and link backs to Patch today. Stay safe buddy.
hard as we can to save YAA Twitter.
Dear Boulder, We are driving past cows to get to you. Love, PCP
MT : Great talk by Penn State about restructure of mktg dept. More strategy, less tactical.
“: what Rondo dumbass do? lol”bump an official! STUPID
yea. I'm aware. Lololol
m good!
On day 3 I continue to be amazed by the bay area :) Nothing more profound to say than, "rad"
QUICK IM GOING TO DM JUSTIN BIEBER! IF YOU WANT HIM TO FOLLOW YOU GO FOLLOW THEY FOLLOW BACK! AND THEY HELP YOU GAIN FOLLOWERS!!
too bad Matt Bomer is gay. Makes all the women sad.
the only pop at sam's house is heehaw
When you go into an endeavor with negative expectations, You have already accepted defeat!!!!!!!!!!! RT if you agree
You finally watched it! Is it not the most mind blowing whirlwind of awesomeness?!
Tonight: checking out Foursquare at Lilly's in Lincoln Park then going to the session at the Green Mill
im sorry </3
excited about todays editorial story with Olga B - Next Models
Happy Holidays to all! <3 ~Amber
Step 1: Unsubscribe from silly email newsletters. Done!
“: During the Great Depression, women would douche with lysol. (Do not try at home)” no that's some shit
i cuddle like a boss.
Thanks for the RT
You know you're a stoner when seven stoner twitters follow you and you don't follow them.
#Imagine your on your first date with Austin and your at a restraunt and he grabs your hand under the table.<3
Thanks for following us!
What black Friday deals were you able to get if any? What's your favorite looking console? Mine is neo geo Aes.
I am working with one my teens on her reel copy. It is very intense!! It is going to be good!!!
Friday After Next >>>> After you hit that lil boy with that retarded lil walk lmbo
one more thing!! Your RedWings Suck!! Lol..too bad they're going to lose loser!
Waiting for a socialism definition....
I was singing and walking down the stairs and I fell ! x) #Bestfriendmoments<3
Hm, I'm not sure what the #mw2012 hair of the dog would be… Maybe reading some of the old proceedings?
god bless your soul
sshh this is bound to work it's like psychology but in reverse
Kyle Cartwright just made an appearance on the Jim Rome radio show- part of Kyle streak
Sharing my listings for #abq #nmrealestate - all details on my website
just sit in front of a fan out on the porch.
Awesome! Congrats!
Kelly, we're doing a 2hr special on The Future of the BCS tomorrow. Are you be able to call for a few mins around 4:15 PM CT?
And now you have two followers. You are well on your way to SoMe D'baggery! :)
White, rather than black, is the Chinese color for mourning and funerals
Say it isn't so. I thought it was about just creating needless work ;-)
The way this game is going Kobe will elbow somebody, his own teammates.
I saw car for the first time today, and let me just say it is definitely the cutest car I've ever seen. Bye ~
Happy St Patrick's Day Everyone!!!
I wouldn't mess with me right now.
have you finished your notebook project?
My friend better have gotten my chocolate!!!!!!!!!!!
DO NOT FORGET TO COME TO AND GIG TOMORROW AT DEERING GRANGE 630. AND DID I MENTION IS PLAYING!?!
I don't think you understand how excited I am!!!!!! TEEN WOLF SEASON 2!!!!!!!!!
of course... My son went through a pigeon phase RT Of all the animals my child could possibly want to see, he keeps saying 'boar'
Matt, will you be Mi Amor? ;D x Love you!!
i'm going on tuesday! let me know how it is!
Agora ’s Private Upstairs Event Space Unveiled
One more follower and I'll have 1,100.Please follow me I follow back ♥
really? I may know someone that will come n get it
My apt has gotten to the "Confessions: I am a Hoarder" level.
that hurts.
“Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world...It is the only thing that ever has.” ~ Margaret Mead
Soo if there is someone booked to be in this seat, I'm supposed to move to mime after this heffa has stood in it to put her luggage up.
On a night with two 15/2 upsets, was it greedy for me to want Notre Dame-Xavier to end on a buzzer beater?
I saw it on Broadway--fantastic!
Day is a little overcast but still very beautiful with the red and orange leaves falling! Business is booming!!
Haha true. That is a very important distinction. And he will always be guilty of being a dink....
Your wife is so beautiful!!!!!! You are so cute together!!!!!!
Quite well. Had to lay low for a while to concentrate on a project. Still won't be on a ton. But more!
walking without crutches, full weight on my right foot, for the first time since monday! victory!
hahaha, what did I tell you abbey! #Bama biotch! ;)
Sometimes you have to go to a dark place to write a meaningful paper on a topic that is really important.
RT : Don't walk, run (Forest) run and VOTE YES did!
Listen and laugh! www.freekshowradio.com
maybe for a bit, Il text you!
One can declare after consultation, collaboration, and with the hopes of re-declaring after conversation, right?
My e-mail is going to swallow me alive. My inbox is being populated at a rate faster than I can possibly read.
Find a niggah like me truth be told I dnt kno many
lol that's good
got a review copy for the Rumpus a cople of days ago! Looks nice,
Stretching it out with some yoga on this morning's show with !
Austin is the kind of boy that you instantly fell in love with. Something about him, his songs and personality is all so captivating.<3
The one man show I'm at is byob! Damn, I wish I knew that earlier. Pretty glad I'm stoned.
need help returning a laptop. been transferred around 5 times. can u plz help? thnx.
You've gotta try ! It's the only app I've been using for like, weeks :)
I hate how I care what people think of me..
I agree he's over payed but my man can ball.
If this girl says "um" one more fucking time...
4. All mistakes are opportunities to learn. We can always repair it or make up for it. Don't repeat the same mistake though.
hotel clerk who just gave me late check-out: "you need to go to bed. it's 4:13"
well ppl got to go aight laterz!
#smackoff had better come thru and crown ,
RT : Steve Blake will rarely touch the ball in game 3...LOL!!
thats why I unfollow them.. .you dont know who youre following til you speak. You my friend are a shitty devil's advocate
creativity is the only solution to boredom.
I'll go to bed now. Laterzz.
#HappyFridayEve! Scattered showers this morning. The snow level is about 1,000' so we have to watch a few areas. Hard to believe right?
Taking full advantage of our sunshine?
Is your friend the head of the wisconsin cheese factory? RT actually I'm going to visit a friend.
RT Quinton's fat ass way back there. Homie can't keep his pants up. Tryna borrow a belt, I'm like nobody here wear size Equator!
That defintley wasn't a foul right there?
Open bar event at one of NYC's top clubs. Stay tuned for the details.
Playing a show at on Feb. 4th. Tell your friends to go. Tweet, message, or #Facebook me for tickets.
resisted for an hour before downloading Angry Birds to the new droid phone
"Greatness is not a function of circumstance. It's first and foremost a conscious choice and discipline." Jim Collins
I got two more show at Universal in Orlando. Then off to the next gig
today is the day! carbonation should be finished! and the winner of our poll was cerveza w/ lime. look for your invitation on the internets!
Wanna Look Fresh ? Call US 305-866-1940 Thank you !
Listening to We Are Young on 99.5 WZPL :D
Check out GSA's apps.gov
haha we will be asked! we just have to up our stalker game and find them. ah this makes me more nervous on what to wear!
Tweet me
no way media wouldn't put this front/center -- ratings driver with sex, power, race, politics, military, gender issues and on and on
Watch the nationally televised Kings vs. Thunder showdown. Can the Kings slow down KD?
Beautiful day and feeling great.... What else can I ask for? ;)
you aint big
I never saw a pessimistic general win a battle.
Two bagels in one day was a bad decision
RT : I hate getting sick because I almost never do. When I am sick I feel like death. Just sayin // that's how I've felt all week!!
yessir! Tickets will be at the door. Use the entrance at S. Frederick St. to avoid the crowd.
WOW, are we excited, so many positive things happening our way today!.
OHMYGOD it's cold.
Since you're the only candidate that could actually defeat Obama, hope to see you run in 2016 after he's reelected!
did you ?(; lol
Thanks Paul. I TRY!
oh I got you on the meat ball tip...let me gone head and make some more noodles :)
I love meeting general, real people. It seriously gives me hope.
Riddle me this Joker: is near top of #B1G & crowd sucks. is the bottom dweller & crowd/students rock!
Wow, I tried to choke the shit out of my husband! Lmao, it was a love choke, wink wink!
Come on pls we are in trouble ": how yall got the ball back n driving"
Just had a successful meeting with
thanks for the follow have you tried polleverywhere,com
Thanks for mentioning our mayor candidate CicLAvia series.
Why the #Broncos moved down 11 spots for a 4th rounder? RT : Everyone drafted in 1st rd tonight a millionaire at least 6x over
Its the best chicken ever!!
it's not about the tents.
Come on Big Blue tighten up your DEFENSE!!
i love being called four eyes. LOL. i hate people.
Your mom -----> would hit it :) Happy Birthday again.
Thank you! What are you doing for social media strategy? RT : likes your services
no i dont like you i just hate her
email me…
This song opened my heart, and made me aware of life and full with emotion. “It’s Not For Me To Say” by Johnny Mathis....
No school and no work. I'm thinking tomorrow is gonna be a #LazyDay in bed. :D might go see some long lost friends in Chipley.
You talking about Steve Labay? haha
Been Single For A WHILE!!! This Shit Is WACK!!
Just got a really great bday present
Me and my sister were running down the streets of Miami lmao we were singing and everything...yea and we didn't even get shot😏the thug life
So drove, fuck what we had.
well everyone that doesn't like you cuz u are rich are haters. I got plenty of those and I love them :)
You don't become happy by pursuing happiness. You become happy by living a life that means something.
Day 1c Main event WSOP today... Wish me luck!!!
Update: still no luggage in Houston. does not deliver bags after 9pm What did I learn? Don't pack meds in checked luggage
making me Jelly
swing night - Etta James on the turntable ...
we didn't even get that picture. WHACK
follow please?(:
Some people will do anything for a chance in the spotlight. Your claim to fame is that you're the EX-girlfriend of President Obama? Oh.
"Precepts are meaningless until they become practices." -Manly P Hall
I do, you? Want to grab a drink sometime?
Celebrate your independence day right. Drop by for a Supersac w/ Black Velvish cover for $499! United We Sit.
Unbelievable, time distortion, space is the place Go down that lonesome hiway YEAH but don't be hypnotized NO
Why is it only on weekends? Brunch should be 7 days a week
So hungry! Still cant figure our what to eat for breakfast :-(
At almost 1k #followers on both #facebook and #twitter! Thank you to everyone for your continued support!
just pullrd up my shirt to look at my half in shape belly and ther was a kernal of corn in my belly button.
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Wrong People...Never Leave Your Life Voluntarily."
Busy trying new paints and stains. Summer, 4th of July, BBQ's, fireworksand mega sunny weather. 3 day weekend. Best time of year!
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 35
I often write replies to tweets and then delete before sending.
There are no mistakes in life, just lessons.
Lily Allen >
Sorry Dos Equis, my friend the black-Puerto Rican-Hasidic-gay MC (from Towson) is THE MOST INTERESTING MAN IN THE WORLD.
yea u can be beautiful to <3 as long as you hit that follow button lmao
Happy New Years to all! Hooray 2012!
night. k
it's the league tourney. are you signed up for it?
UB Group net sales for the quarter under review increased 57.6% and posted a marginal decline in net profit for the quarter ending 2011.
haha nice job!!
This is my message to you: Don't worry about a thing, cuz every lil thing is gonna be alright!
Oh my goodness. KD time
ah, wanted to retweet but you're protected.
Thank you for dropping by!
On the train home to Philly. Excellent #PCCOpCo12 but my brain is tired. Thank you Evan, Kat & sweet little Pickle for being amazing hosts!
You're welcome. Working on being a better supporter this year.
have fun this weekend everyone, but remember to be safe!!! for sacramento residents be especially careful if you're taking to the river
Nap time in between unpacking. Be back in 20 minutes.
do you ever check your tweets and reply to most i need to ask you a question real bad please answer i need you to.
The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes to do, but in liking what one has to do. - James Barrie
I'm hoping for "Sweet Virginia."
Taking Haley to the movies...
possibly if Nets get No 1 pick and Magic decide to deal Dwight....
everyday he gets more and more fans that love him as much as we do!!! I am so proud of him though.
That's cool. Real fucking cool.
We are excited to donate a piece to Rossmore Polo Cup presented by benefiting !
The Volt uses two sources of energy. How do you stay energized? Tweet us w/ #ChevyFuelsPhilly & be entered to win a $100 gas card!
ahh, so jealous!
You know you play too much tennis when you have to hide all the racquets and balls from your wife or girlfriend
so true! my gps is probably the best part about my evo.
Awesome!! Looks like you're having a jazzy good journey!!
Im doing Awesome! thanks for asking! what you up too?
Okay stupid rain, I guess you aren't stopping. I'll go to the gym for my run.
This sucks ass
appreciate it man!
Riding through the turf!!!
I beat procrastination by writing down what I have to do, and measure what I actually did.
S/O for giving my baby stone spins
don't you worry, ill be there. Commitment baby!! :)
I want to vomit :-(
thanks for the love.
Hey Tearmas, our marketing rep. said your a cool guy! Definitely would love to get you a shirt!
nailed it. Starting with hibernation
can you send me your recipe please!!!!!!!
Done! :D
Have a feeling about this corporate worship about to take place this morning! :-)
Going to the show at Marquee, gonna be dopish.
Tell me why tf I have the hiccups right now //;
U originally from SoFla? Move to Seattle in 09 -- had #Marlins season tix from '93 until I left. Gonna visit this summer, tho!
Wanting something new
Excited 2 see
Being a Go Giver is not the opposite of a Go Getter
well I know on the last day Sunday B.O.B and Snoop perform and the fireworks are in-between those 2.
Struck a nerve with arena and CFL supporters I see. Facts - Arena dissolved for over a year just 2 years ago and CFL is nothing in USA.
Sub for second block :D #winning .
Shout outs to these chicks that think i'm supposed to lower my standards and stop doing me...
Aw I just wanna love her. Adorable
Shields and Brooks hooks 'em early!
mayb this will get u 2 #RT me..I sware by the light in Leo Howard's eyes to be loyal and honest to him and never let him die:)
Sipping a Monkey Gland variation: 3/2 gin, 3/2 OJ, 1/4 Grenadine, dash Yellow Chartreuse. Perhaps, a Monk's Monkey Gland?
Watching switched by birth !!!!!!
Watching the incredible Beastie Boys induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on HBO
Bobby Peru's on Sunday for the final version of the EP. Pumped
Been talkd about all day && ii mean all day but iim okay ! Im so Over it now ;; #Me,Myself,& I. (DumbAss too )
I turned a triple play once in youth softball. Where's my fox sports/viral video?
fan sign!
do you love heidi or something?
All the shirts I'm considering wearing show too much cleavage.
was that in WI?
lol I'll pass... I'd rather throw them up on eBay the night before for $350 a pop and sell all my pairs... Then buy your I's
Stubbing my toe in the door <<<<<<
I'm at the one hospital that none of my family would want to be at....
launches live twitter chats on their site showcasing tweets relating to stories
school Is so stressful :/ I'm done the beginning of June.
that's not rain, you've been playing too much diablo3... Nice neighborhood btw
whoa what happened??
And that's not my house, it's my bf's house. You know dudes, they don't decorate.
Happy Easter fellow tweeters
I didn't see any in there!
If Dana keeps him... BJ's new fight?
How are you going to the city that never SLEEPS!!! lol RT : New York next month ! Can not effing wait.
Enjoying a glass of bubbly rose with the pup while watching people navigate the uneven cobblestone streets in various shoes. Life is good!
Bad News, our car is stalling and needs a part so tomorrow we have to take the car to the shop (if we can get there)
Sorry but your not going to be first on my list, if I'm last on yours!
Hey I missed u at tonight, thought for sure you'd be there. #:-(
In #brooklyn tn? Come to the rescue mission & hear Will Allen talk about his new book!
Attention everyone: it is a beautiful day and you are all beautiful people. I have a workout planned outside at 3:00, join me!
your jewelboxes can't be beat... been a fan of the dvd ones since u first came out w em :)
Yeah, might be close to the same tonight. It's college night, so that means $1 beer night. Quite the turnout.
What is this nonsense?!
I got a real bad hang over
My answer on to: Do i need to go to court for leaving florida? - You will need to comply with the provisions of...
#quote "Our fate is based on how we see the world or on how we have been programmed to experience it." Biologist Bruce Lipton (ODE 5-12)
Thanks for the follow!! What's the most inexpensive romantic thing for a couple during Christmas season?
i miss your cum bitch we needa have 9 ways with austin and olive and them
Thanks 4 following. Good luck with the new role. cb
Just mastered key placement on my Blackberry. Now Tap? I wonder how long it would take me to relearn my alphabet in dots and dashes!
i voted for 2 hours.... So do i deserve a followback???i hope i do:):)follow me please...love you guys<3
i gave you a sandwich earlier but you hit me with it.
thanks, you too! :)
I went to march for dimes help the babies someday all babies will be born healthy
Hey chloe do you ever reply i wish i could be friends with you and do you play xbox or something i would have fun playing :)
i need a haircut..
“: I'm assuming - but usually when something is derived from a culture but not part of it, AP lowercases it.” love!
I gotta agree. Totally.
BJ there we go!
are we still going on Tuesday?
Number One in the ALC BABAYYYY
disney movies give girls false hair expectations...
haha, so kind of you :)
very true(:
For all of my Sales and Marketing Friends out there: Increase your sales numbers via face-to-face meetings with hundreds of IT executives…
*point finger and laughs*
Exactly three months until Jeremy Renner ruins THE AVENGERS for me.
so hard to post a WoD i guess wtf
You know you're having a good day when you keep reading Kuhlthau's name as 'Cthulu.'
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
Thanks for the RT, sir.
Getting my workout on!!
In Waukesha today for a campaign stop by Mitt Romney at one of the stores.
it's ironic how we say we want certain things (I do this to) but we don't act like the people who have the things we want.
I feel like this is a appropriate time to use "that's what she said"
Guys who play Football? hot. if they suck at it? losers.
and Geoff probably wouldn't be too happy if I went around bragging again that We're 81-54 and Baltimore is 53-79 :P
Up at 4:30am to prep for morning beach photoshoot. Glad I'm not the one getting in the water.
what the heck .. slept at 3 and now working so tired
world has spoken to me that you have lot of friends
Bout' to go hit the babershop nd get cleaned up wit the bro'
Mom shouldnt leave her twitter open . . . . . . . . . hehe Love you mom!
If u find urself under constant persecution just remember u r highly favored from above. The messiah went thru it 2...y should u b any diff
We're going into the 11th. Come on Ethier, hit a homer. Go #Dodgers !!
Local Nevada pep's! Know this, Moorea is your local hang out. Let your friends know. We take care of you!!!
Hey dude, glad to be followed anywhere by you.
announces gov admits it dumped ashes of 275+ fallen soldiers in Va landfill ... #areyoukidding?
And yes, I know that was the 8-4 shift getting off. I just like to crack jokes.
Why do all wildlings look like they're high on meth?
it's always all my good songs too.
burnt end offerings?
I thought you loved mw3 at first what happened brah
We all need a break here and there
don't bother me w. that bullshit.
how long are you in AZ and what else is on the agenda?
the Knicks will go further than the Bulls next year!
paranoid, from the Greek para-, meaning 'beside' and noid, some kind of a pizza demon
sounds good... i'll be around 3-5, ping me and we can meet/chat in the doc.
I want to so bad :(
I love being treated like a princess 👑
Jesus fuckme, I seriously cannot see onscreen w/o wanting to lick him.
Have you considered maybe a velociraptor? :) He could be leaping over the star towards his victim or something.
It's been a very long time coming!
Arizona Hot Air Balloons wanna say, Happy new years. May your homes be filled with joy and love. Gentle Breezes
Hi friend! watch on my website littleliars(dot)org,latest Pretty Little Liars seasons2 Episodes online,100% free!
I've seen this tweet somewhere else...
Whoops, didn't think. It would be great if u could! Anything like this in the UK?
First you take a drink, then the drink takes a drink, then the drink takes you. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
#WhatIMissMost tickling Randy's cat til it peed in the driveway
good morning
Yes we played the #Rangers tonight you only pay juice when you lose and we don't do that much get on the list
Man I shouldn't have drunk a redbull at dinner can't sleep and to jumpy to play online poker.
Pretty sure all from one girl w/ wicked powerful shot. Next time I play her, i"m moving 2the opposite side
without reading - yes
Thanks Niel! Great site!
If you love someone tell them if you need someone tell them if you want someone tell the to come to you and be theirs
I remember when A&E had opera, Lifetime had medical shows and MTV had music! Now it's Storage Wars, soap operas and crap.
#Prsa_sa luncheon is started.
There will be many tears of joy!
oh haha I didnt see the first tweet
Our pool playing friends sure do love to play poker !! come on down and get in on the action !!
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED is almost to the top come on mahomies dont stop tweeting it!!!
Dog farts dont get you high RT : What's worse: paint fumes or dog farts?
Can't stop Emeri Pink #Moscato! Now available in Decatur, IL. Hit up Price Rite for a bottle or 3!
Will this cold ever go away!!!
you are welcome - working on search next
Which hurts more. Thinking you should hate him or knowing you don't?
#listenbitch take your ass on somewhere with your 1997 hair do. Who still wears roller wraps?
Nope, definitely not the only one!
Thanks, Helen! You're so sweet!
Hey twitter--i've had internet issues so i've been m.i.a!! I'm BACK:) Let me know if you need help with anything fitness related!
That u look good
Sometimes the ppl you least expect to believe in you are the ppl who believe in you most. Can't hold these tears back anymore. #blessed! =`)
sounds great and it's definitely needed. If there's anything we can do, don't hesitate to let us know.
I hate that people are defined less by who they are and more by what they do (occupation). It's a truly stupid question.
lol no hate
Same. I love her. Gotta love an album where you hit shuffle and get excited every time a song starts.
Now that's my kind of research plan.
again my point proven? How u gay and Dnt know what to do wit a female. Lol u wanna b gay so bad but Dnt know what 2 do. Lol
Pfizer Beats Estimates as Company Readies Animal Health Spin-Off
. Hello there! I came to your launch party - hope all is going well! Need to visit the site again soon :)
Yeah I'm boutah get off twitter tho.
so what are you up to?
Romney is from the "real streets"?! Lol
Just found out haloti ngata played rugby at highland. And of course he would get a red card during a championship game lol
"This about JOBS AND THE MIDDLECLASS"
awwwe, thanks luv! it means a lot :D ♥
Hilarious!! ... and accurate! :)
yes, the nurse practically MADE me go home, which isn't all to bad(;
This is the best time of year. Forget that winter holiday - spring rocks!
80% of the time...He wins all the time.
No, I support #indie artists from all over.
I got a job as a social media manager :)
C'mon Lakers. We have let them hang around long enough
In the market for a new android smartphone, any suggestions? I'm on Verizon...
oh, you certainly will. He's very charming as usual :)
Now Auburn and LSU are the only two undefeated teams in the SEC!
Hey! Thanks for following me :) btw I love the movie Super8 :D
LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Los Angeles police spokesman: Famed hairdresser Vidal Sassoon dead at age 84.
I watched the whole thing on Netflix too then I got the box set! Well worth it.
Had a blast catch @ Blues Alley listening to the Cheikh Nodoye Group, W/Karen Briggs & Marcus Baylor. Those guys were crushing!!
Thx so much for the #ff. I really appreciate it!
New tune-yards video! This video is great, all smiles!
I'll just stay hard. I'll just try my best.
Congrats to the NY Giants on their victory yesterday in Super Bowl 46... Any good stories to share with us? The Colts are on the clock...
Didn't see the tweet--yes, that is the best link.
Fruit's of Romance, Lover's Cup and Passion Berry are the elixirs of Valentine's Day!
I love justin outlook on how hes compared to other artists..or how other artists are compared to him :) thats my positive boy!!
Is day national Pippa day cause she all over the tv. Im sorry yea she cool whatever but really she hasnt down anything She just Katie sister
I'll not go to sleep until you follow & tweet me something!:] I love you both so much!♡5
I needed a couple of drinks after today
#shitfangirlssay literally in tears listening to sanctuary because perfect
YES :D
Great meeting w/ today. BIG things happening in Denver! Can't wait to get n on the action.
#dontwakethedragon would make an awesome kid's board game.
Hope all of you #Owls had a good Manic Monday!
yupyup u go hard lol but u know that already lovein it like a fat kid love cake
Proverbs 3:5 (NIV) 'Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding.'
It is scary, scary outside.
y is it when i need some1 to tlk 2 theres no one there =/
But I hope he has a good one thou.
In class: 5% Paying attention. 12% Playing with a pen. 21% Checking people out. 62% Daydreaming of what I could be doing if I wasn't here.
I Got my mom a bouque of flowers& a H U G E card it's bigger than my little brother(:
State of the City address "Imagine What Our City Can Do"
Your father, like Our Hero, knows the importance of fiber.
Happy mothers day to the most beautiful, brave and strong mother in the world. I love you mommy <3
are you coming for summer? The summer workshops are awesome! We'll post schedules in about a week. DM your email info?
I'LL KEEP YOU MY DIRTY LITTLE SECRET, DON'T TELL ANYONE OR YOU'LL BE JUST ANOTHER REGRET!
# Online come , if you want talk to me ^_^
the Ride = my favorite station ... Hands down. #classicrock 🎶
K. one of this random boys is flirting with me
Chinese eyes? How cute.RT -_-
thanks! We're super excited!
they need one of them everywhere in the united states
having makeup on at this time makes me so tired, but when i wash it off im gunna be wide awake
not yet . . .me, perhaps?
if I'm like superduper into it, I may scream Kenny G.
i bet it was the porno mag line. But sixth grade? Yer old, dude.
you like thunderstorms like this?
Franklin Graham = Bigot who speaks under the guise of Christianity and that is PURE EVIL You need to check yourself
for Colt 45, Will Ferrell for Old Mil, PBRArt...your brand mktg is on FIRE! What is next up for Old Style ?
Thanks for the RT! Will we see you at the this Sunday?
Think I'm about to eat this bagel
These "auction experts" on #StorageWars over price EVERYTHING! Anyone else agree?? #yup!
So…….The cowboys won the superbow already?
I know that's why traffic must have been jamming in that area b/c i didn't see an accident!
well hopefully today went better than it felt like it would!
omg girl u never tell me u had twitter !!! :)
Spring forward over the Spring Break...nice way to ease into the time change!
It's melon season again! Munching on some yummy cantalope for my mid-morning snack.
but I might
Gallantly moving forward here. You?
I am back the cook is here...work here I come..time to be put back on the map...my sick days are over....wach your back..
doing well. Relocating back to IA in the near future, but staying with Carnegie. Very excited.
Are you excited for the Jonas Brother's new music? hahaha I'm sure you're a huge Jonatic, right?! ;)
"50 years from now, you wanna say you got in the car"
yeah...that's the one. i was in there at lunch. found my next pair of shoes. and got some other stuffs....
"Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity."
Someone shouldve told him today was Monday. Smh 😒
RT : lmao!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thanks that was cute =)« You have to get something for being in their thoughts.
You can add questions & answers via Bloomfire's iPhone app.
Woot! Got my antibiotics, now I'm about to pass out!!!
Gr8 mtg tdy w/Men Falls Village Admin Mark Fitzgerald. Falls is the most populous village in WI and a fvrbl place for developers to do biz.
Hey Mikey I know you creepin follow me pleasee???:)
One of the best quote I've ever heard was on the wall of a bathroom stall...
It's a lousy joke anyway. I've spent the past 45mins doing textual criticism on a single word in Ezra 3, so my brain's mush.
Someone text me
RT and #PLEASEnotice and #PLEASEfollow me if u Love your fans from #VEGAS !!! We luv u
not on mothers day man.
Having your own money >
SHOT OUT to FOLLOW her for GOOD MUSIC and FOLLOW BACK
Cool Tools + Cool Nashville Crew = Cool TV!
Accepted proclamation from the School District of Palm Beach County proclaiming Holocaust Remembrance Week.
Need to discuss proposed variances for property within Riverview NA. Call @ earliest convenience: 918-852-5036 Lori Cain
About this 5 am thing.. If the birds aren't awake and chirping then you know we should be sleeping. Have a great day everybody.
we can watch it in the office whenever we're feeling down - automatic heartwarmer!
thank you! If you're in MKE tonight you should come celebrate with me :)
The MICA Vigil was incredible as always. Teaching drums, editing video, and eating cake all day.
Class of 2012!!! HU U Know! We have 100 days until Graduation :-)
I can't DM you? How much for those tickets??
Am I being selfish or a good person? I can't tell.
LOL no it's my dad
2 point game again
I swear chipotle has some type addictive ingredients.i cannot freakin resist it.its just to good.m m
it is. Doug has been working hard at it for a few days so you might have gotten a sneak preview.
Just took an awesome class with RD Todd Butzer. Loving #kwfr - as always!
nothin going to six falgs parents car set on fire babies was in but got them out
Noon - 6p at Church rock club tomorrow we will be hosting The End All Marathon, Royal, Late Nite Reading, The Control, The Fifth Minute $15
Like I said, a process. Also, that means people who have killed in self defense are guilty of murder on purpose.
BRO! Were going to. ! :D
“This time, like all times, is a very good one, if we but know what to do with it.” ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Pete. I thought I sag him on Allison tryna thug.
Loved all premiere footage on tonight.... sad Miley Cyrus had to dress trampy while her man Liam looked amazing.
happy birthday!!
you should reply to me in dms hun lol ;)
Ditto... RT Dear zara: this would be a lot more efficient if u just took money directly from my paycheck. Best, Lara.
And your point is...?
#partners There seems to be some confusion. Do our Flavorlock bags protect the beans from the harsh cold?
cant. sleep.
Excuse me your faded off of what?? I hope water lol « My nigga I'm faded»
Nasal decongestant is the perfect drug. Sweet, sweet, sweet relief.
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? (:
I'm not following you cuz told me to...its cuz of the nat'l championship you'll be hoisting in March
It's colder here than on the east coast. No, really. # Overheardatsxsw
Collection gossip- two of our members went out on their first date last night. Wonder if they'll blog about the experience?
Despite the nasty weather, Chilibrew was a blast. Though I'm mad at myself for not entering the contest...
Ain't like listening to the "wop"Cat Daddy " be for you start the day!:-)
My strength in life is I am Yours and my soul delights cause I am Yours, You will on earth is all I'm living for...
yeah can't wait ha
Is it just me, or are there more #NFL games jammed into the Noon central time slot than normal?
you shoulda say ok and i woulda came over and made him get some dayum FOOD!
GM #ilvolovers today is the day.. Good luck guys today in buenos aires #EPiuTiPensoIlVolo 😘
awe ight. U almost done rt
no way and we had plans tonight and you bailed for scene people
Thanks, Jeff!
There was a make-out party in my dream last night, but "Gertrude Stein, from 2 Broke Girls" did not approve.
A3: cos that are successfully using SM to engage customers are transparent & nipping some issues in the bud B4 they become probs
facebook link pleeeaaassseeee :)
David Puddy is an accurate representation of devils fans - both in personality and intellect.
": All the Internet chatter now is Shabazz to UCLA and Nerlens Noel to Georgetown." <- that would suck.
was worth a try .
did you get asked like that..?
You said you would come by sea for me, I will always be waiting at the waters edge for you .. Wind across my face I wait ..
Baby close your mouth... Just play and look hot. #Shades 💜💜
Pierre Bonnard, on painting:..I try not to lose control of the primary conception..if I let myself go..I no longer know where I am going.
Not sure why everybody is so excited about the return of #MadMen, hasn't been the same since left the show...
Ah crap, my bad Mel lol Imma watch my mouth
it's the little things in life!
All this Whitney talk has made me remember when we found out about MJ at the happiest place on earth.. haha
She roll the weed and she don't even smoke
Even More: Spank Rock, HUM, Four Tet, Lykke Li
Take my hand together we can do it ; I'm gonna love you through it ♥
Loving my TL
Hi there!!!
hope you're feeling better this morning! Your day will be great :-) <3
I can't decide if my new iPad makes me feel more productive or chained to my desk. Thoughts?
"Your call time is 7:00 tonight for vocal warm-ups, and then sound check with the band at 7:15." So I guess it's too late to back out.
ima try to.. my mama b trippin wit her shit
Wouldn't it be weird if the next ground rule double bounced into Charles Barkley's hand?
Undertaking a crude version of a proper Japanese tea ceremony with some excellent Adagio white tea sent to me by my old friend
1D Stole My Heart. Literally. XD
Raidundant has developed solutions for the #media and #entertainment market that help overcome the challenges of..bit.ly/nTxXyD
happy to see featured on - a great Milwaukee property gets the recognition it deserves!
Thanks, they were a dollar a piece at a thrift shop I stopped at.
yeah and jeans!
Share girl! Share! <3
cant wait to watch it on tvo. Gr8 costume btw!
GR 17s Up 5 at half on Mich Mustangs in Semis game.
We are back on Twitter!!
they weren't exactly going up against a buzzsaw of a lineup...
that makes two of us :-)
Happy week for everyone! and remember... keep dancing always! ;)
I'm so insecure.
Sole Slam, Here I come !!!
Hope to see you Dec. 23rd!
Buffalo Bills rider...win or lose!
Courage the Cowardly Dog was definately the creepiest kids show ever
~Charles Darwin~They say that time changes things,but you actually have to change them yourself
Euro directioners wake up! Help us make a kid's dream come true :)
Am I the only person confused by a whore trying to be intellectual??
Thanks for the mention!
Vince Gray: "District residents have the right to know how their tax dollars are being spent."
Just got home from my schools halloween dance it was GREAT!!!!!!!!!! And in 1 hr heading to ATL for the weekend
Walking home right now..!
Paramount is always my favorite lot to audition on!
absolutely... I miss ur crazy butt too lol
help me get more Fans CLICK ON LIKE on my page
Finally received the floor tom for my new drums. Pics soon!
after going to Matthea Harvey's #poetry reading in PHIL 411 at 7:30, head across the hall to the #WoodenTeeth tuesday meeting!
Am I the only person who thinks Skyrim is not all that?
I climbed the Columbia Tower in 15 minutes exactly!
the bad news is that I can still taste the Pinot Noir. The good news is that im tweeting. On my 3rd cup of coffee.
when you answer that you DON'T need room for cream, that means you DO want coffee filled to the brim so you can't avoid scalding your hands
3-day weekends are so nice!
hey! remember me??? Im that cray girl who wants a follow from you :DD LOL please ;( :D :( what to do CRY OR SMILE ?!?!?
its true girls who smoke week automatically have clear skin lol
"Can We Hear Voices in the Archive?" — and there's my next conference paper.
I hope you had everything backed up on your computer before the meltdown!
Any recommendations for veggie friendly food gems en route to Athens from Memphis?
thanks pumpkin! U too! you better Kill it! Kill the day...not puppies or anything...just in case there was any confusion...
What if there was nothing left unsaid in each of your relationships? Now, that's living in integrity!
Cutting my own hair + doing laundry + watching "Mega Tsunami - 5 years later" this eve has proven quite daunting.. It's sleepy-time!
volleyball tournmemt . Hope we win ,even though its not about winning
How do you stop a fish from smelling? Cut its nose off
Airport watching 2 guys chasing each other. BANG 1 guy is involuntarily planking 10ft down the tiled floors.
“The urgent can drown out the important.” ~ Marissa Mayer, VP of search products and user experience at Google
Cat urine is quite possibly one of the foulest substances on the planet.
I'll be glad when my sister gives me back my cd! This 1980s music ain't cuttin it!
RT : God is still good, the devil is a liar and we have the victory!
Happiness and feeling empowered to make a difference/change
Working a double at ye olde record shoppe () in preparation for Saturday (). Act like you know! [#ilm]
Our Fearless Leader, Bob Duffy, is still healing at home. We're wishing him the best and get well soon!
U-T San Diego doesn't flow at all.
Car is packed to the brim
Im gone be what I set out to be, and I askin nobody for shit👊
Bully u hush
thanks to all members of #dcsla for making the open house such a success. We are an awesome chapter! #bnanews enjoyed hosting.
Can't turn over the ball twice under 2 minutes when you are up by 7. Better bring it at home.
No more rain, please.
Happy Birthday to my Mom today. Didn't think we'd get to this one after the last two years. So blessed to have her with us still.
how can i help from NY?
Let's try our new arrivals again shall we?
people watch me and follow on twitter
Today I had Kashi cereal, a strawberry-banana smoothie, a chicken-salad sandwich w/a lot of veggies on it, and half a brownie.
All are indebted, few realize.
so, so sorry Crystal. Praying for you today!
summer is so close i just need it to be here already!
Hey if you like metal give us a listen:) we put up a new song "some kind of fake" :)
Helps em make a sammich “: The two highest IQ scores ever recorded belonged to women.”
Reporting live from #thatcamp. Excited!
Nice inning Hughes
she learns so fast! My darling padawan.
Every week we're going to post our #songoftheweek this week it is: Remi Nicole-Cupid shoot me (from #EasyA)
PRESS DIGEST-Sunday British business - April 29
#ivealwayswantedto shape my pube hair up like a downward pointing arrow...to show I mean business when she sees it
Morgan did u do the math yet?
Playing 2 sets at Rack N' Roll this Saturday night :3 So stressed&unprepared
I agree. Heat will win series but was nice to win one!
Canada this summer!!!
OMG, Thank you Sweetie <3 xoxoxo
I Cried When I realized people are more excited about Twilight than Harry Potter
awesome we will certainly be in touch to promote your events to relevant users as the time comes
Can I get an RT?! I love your song Lead You On! It's on #repeat cuz I'm #obsessed with it!! Keep making music!
Working on an Android APP so users can submit pics and model pics for a chance to get free stuff!
#SparkleMovie I am getting excited for you guys, can't wait to see it. Happy 4 U.
So Classless!!
Don't worry, your wife will have already taken it.
We're so excited to see you open! Here's hoping it will be home to a startup pioneering the way we interact using mobile video.
Well, Mark Schulman--drummer for P!NK and the like--recorded with us...
Night all....=D
Great bio on your website ;)
Say what you feel and #getitoffyourchest No need in getting mad behind what ppl say most of it is opinion based anyway
Congrats to James Brasic -- he's won a copy of DJ David Guetta's new CD!
I know but watch my team work tonight
I'm not gone lie I fucks wit you cuz but your mans ass
is on heart Martha!!!
interesting conversations happen when my parents come home drunk on a wednesday night
night i guess.
#firefly marathon on #science channel
4-0 Saturday as we get back on track.... Thanks for the kind messages. All documented/time stamped via Facebook page on our website!
I Hate My Face Because When I Pass By Someone Cute They Always Look At Me Wrong...
i havnt heard anything but ill let you know when i do
If Chris Hansen walking around the corner doesn't kill you, his interrogation will haha
family Christmas party
We have tweeted as many times as we have followers! Well except this adds another tweet... so come on 37th follower!
Today in Literary History: On May 10, 1749 the 10th and final volume of Henry Fielding's TOM JONES was published.
Millersville Cafe Market, northwest corner of Fall Creek Parkway & Emerson Way, 1 block south of 56th St. 5-8pm every 3rd Thursday
seriously, you've never heard of Conway Twitty? Hartman would be so mad at you. He's an old school country guy.
It's game day .... A must win for the
“: This dude can seriously mix records! Check him out" Thank you Laura! You rock!
Yes no one should ever feel danger again. This how "Brave New World"s get invented.
Coming up tonight at 11 on WHAS11...I caught up with Quentin Snider and the Louisville Magic AAU team. Trust me, the kid puts on a show!
Went and saw #Hugo last night on a whim - and LOVED it. Shame it's getting forgotten in the sea of mediocre movies this holiday season.
Thanks for sharing the PSA!
Me, neither. I can barely breathe for laughing. GOTTA pull some of these for the show. I can think of several uses ;-)
I'm reasonably certain if Bill Simmons hasn't seen it, it hasn't happened.
Women are super guilty of this too!
We don't have many rats in CO... Another reason I don't live in DC or NYC
Being an ugly woman is like being a man: you're gonna have to work.
I hope that's your autocorrect kicking in. lol xo Miss you!
4th Quarter is about to start.. or as I call it "Shit Attack Time"
a record store just opened around the corner from me! yahoo! maybe a bookstore will come next? that would be awesome!
Please email for information.
aw dang I forgot you lived on campus. Come to Turner
Anyone who nominates , will automatically be entered in our contest for a chance to win a KoreFit Gear Package!
Thing about me is im not obligated to deal with nobody games either you get your shit together or get left, I can do bad by my dam self!!
THIS. I totally agree.
LET'S ALL GET HIGH ..grades on exams
Oh man we totally walked by a 4 way hobo fight today. It. Was. Intense.
Everything weighs one per cent less at the equator. #odd facts
Oops! Nice triple Play
RT : I'm against plastic surgery, but it's also horrifying what people are supposed to really look like.
Go Down Moses house mix to start my shift by let's get it in! Peace to my house heads
My mouth is on fire
NOAH YOU RULE. MERRY CHRISTMAS!
we waited long enough..
Rob - thank you for coming to Milwaukee and for blessing my husband so much.
The lady at the #sewing store complimented the very bag I created. Made my day:).
you make me smile.
Stop lying to me! You are a man!!!
interestedin your business model, can you explain?
can't wait for Fiona n holly j's make up sene
well at least you know she like sticks in her mouth..
you and both need to unball ✊your fist ✋ and LET MY NUTS GO
Sébestian Tellier's video for Cochon Villa. WOW! Also, the song is fucking dope!
I have two cats 
shout out to for her acceptance to a 6 week program teaching abroad this summer!
THEY SLIPPIN ON DA TALL ONE
thanks again for the wine. Checked as baggage all is good! Nice seeing you.
sounds wonderful.
On the View they were spking.to Kerry Washington about her new show. Asked by Sherri what she thought about being a black leading lady. Why?
My tummy hurts
Can class be over yet? It needs to be tomorrow night so I can go see my bo (; <3
My pleasure, as always!
the council wont screw this Up will they?
More than he can count.
In an episode filled with mediocrity, Jane Lynch should win an Emmy for the pre-hug look she gives Beiste.
I think I love you, I think you loved me
I've learned the hard way that they all say things you wanna hear*
that's a lie L7
ON #DVD THIS THIS WEEK: The Rite, The Rommmate, The Mechanic, and The Other Woman!
***SOLD OUT*** JORDAN AJ 4 RETRO "THE SHOT" ***SOLD OUT***
You know my favorite thing about Twitter, the silent treatment.
Lauren & Bri are playing at Petes Candy Store in BKLYN Friday as a warm up for their show at Arlenes Grocery on 2/5. Come show your love!
watching bridesmaids with my mother in law
Thank you Paula for your support!
Too much energy or attention on only one aspect of life causes stress to increase due to other areas of life being ignored.
Side note: has the most diverse music playlist in history. Touché cube. Touché.
Anyone else thinking of putting "Get off my lawn!" into their Twitter bio? :P
Pretty sure a chair just moved in my house while I'm home alone... I think it's time to call Ghost Adventures in.
About to write the most boring paper I've ever written..
Wow, what is up with guys not treating girls respectful now days?
imy we havent talked in forever
Thank you for sharing this wonderful cause, Sondra! How is your week going so far?
on repeat.
we're in the same chat room.
you suck... im sitting in class from 9-5 listening to lectures.
Stacked night of events. What is everyone looking forward to?
Having a drinkie-poo to wind down
The amount of time I spend waiting on these computers to load ... my brain is rotting.
thank you for the follow Friday! Did I send you a link to my civil rights project?
Oh get those bong juices flowin in my brain WHEEEEE
Nice Shots chicka! Hope all is well!
no new info, this was an overview for a new audience
I love the way we can just look at each other and know that we love each other with out even saying a word.
thanks Ken! hope all is well
Bristol Palin can suck my gay left nut.
please follow me thankss.
Well it's nice to know I've got friends I can depend on .. 😒
Would like to know more about
swiss almonds ice cream is the best for chocolate lovers.
I have survived too much to let something like this take me out
Bought way too many flødeboller (cream fluff covered in chocolate) and got made fun of for purchasing a whole herring for lunch.
MOM: "Are you a monkey?" NEPHEW: "I'm not a monkey! I'm dead."
#sdmayornp "just ask"
- this weekend for the usual Rossetto 4th of July festivities! Momma R. could tell I was distraught & is sending it asap. Phew.
Love brunettes
lol I miss you :)
My mom told me to tell her when someone hurts me and makes me cry so she can beat their a**.
Ah! But this is so cool!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME CARLY!<3
Rehearsals! #NERVOUS!! :/
im back =]
Your child may be an honors student, but You're a moron.
Don't forget to bring my dress! I left it in your closet! The beige and grey one!!! I'm wearing that Easter Sunday. Thanks <3
news from the (job)war front! My boss has been told not to apply for the asst dir position, as she has no experience planning a lib budget.
sounds like a smart child.
cleaning out my home directory, since I hit the quota. How storage flies when you are having fun.
RT : If I played college fantasy football, My name would be LSU's Punch-out! for NES
MLB is turning into an old man's sport. Last night was exciting for all the reasons why it isn't until Sep.
You really should consider proposing your mom' mom-fu as an alternative energy source.
Now comes the part of my day where I pray to god MacDougal isnt here, but I know deep down shes like this evil creature who doesnt ever skip
want to #ff you? #ff this earthling and cam shuffle on www.aaron.tv rt tell your friends!
LOL. Certainly. Starbucks? RT : We'll tip our mugs then :P RT : now we both wish the same ;)
Taxes filed. Not too painful this year. (Kids, we'll file yours this weekend.)
#GettingHEAD AT THE MOMENT
which nickelodeon show are you on?
Also, any cyclist want to be an EXTRA for a student short-film on Sunday, November 20th 8 a.m.
made pancakes tonight m!
#YouCuteAndAllBut but you
KG hasn't lost a single bounce to his step in the playoffs thus far. Amazing.
Alrighty, #TeamAchieve, today it was just 30 minutes of reading for the chapter I'm working on. But I'm working!
lol cause you don't have enough followers
Yahoo recently announced that it will have its content ready in eight regional languages of India by the end of 2012.
Very interesting to see that you have read Pliny The Younger. Not to boast, but I have been called "foremost expert on Pliny."
M. Dunkin Donuts! Hurry up light turn green!!!
I honestly don't know how people raise kids in the city.
Never trust a girl who hangs out with Bill Clinton!
Did you know: 80 percent of children who were chronically absent in kindergarten had been chronically absent in #preK?
~Le fangirls over
Research has proven that exercise helps enhance brain function and independence in the aged.
Does someone in NYC teach midnight yoga? I could really use some midnight yoga
You alone are the judge of your worth and your goal is to discover infinite worth in yourself, no matter what anyone else thinks.
Come to Milwaukee! RT : Chicago
If the party is done right it all sounds like dub-step at the end of the night
oh yessir! Rowin' up in style!
Be grateful for blessings, don't ever change, keep your essence. - 2Pac, Me Against The World
still in spain big themepark tomorrow , wont be back on here till monday album on my phone for the travel back with tashaa!
You need to start tweeting again, we need some inspiration!
- never came to that realization but you are so right. Might put a pic of tee box in my studio
Reading The Now Revolution again by Has very valuable info..
Account Executive for growing Milwaukee office! IT Sales, recruiting, or any hands on IT experience is ideal. Call me ASAP! 608-827-8882
Thanks for the follow. What's your radio show about?
Don't make decisions when you're angry, & don't make promises when you're happy.
Just hid all the eggs for my little cousins to find! Good luck gettin one in the gutter!!! 😂
ah heck ya! :D
Yes, its time to shred all those files. No job to big or small
Thanks, lady!
I think I'd rather be knocked the fuck out than have some dude slap the shit out of me... so degrading
iight yo ass don't never text back doe BFF
thanks Francisco!!! we're really glad you liked it - we really appreciate you making it out :)
To all the students who drop out of high school: Remember two things, 1. You tried your best. 2. I don't like onions on my Big Mac.
I hate him more for blowing out Gallardo's knee in 2008, but the home run doesn't help.
sure thing :)
that was short lived
Did back to back shows in ME & MA and left me thirsting for a third.
Thanks! Hope to see you in one of our classes soon. Perhaps Sushi on April 1st?
just put my Royal Oak back on after 7 days and it was correctly on time. Thanks
The Hawks (He's from ATL Anyways) or The #LAkers (Wants to play with Kobe) RT soo...what team yall see howard goin 2 next year?
I just kicked my printer's ass and now it finally works. OK, I actually read the directions and now it finally works.
There are fireworks going off at our apartment complex.
Rain. All. Day. Hope it doesn't affect the signal during the race.
Okay, Q13 just did a MALL WEATHER FORECAST…
If I don't cum... You sucking my toes!!
Happy Easter beautiful!!! Muah!
I had a crazy one too. Eddie Murphy was letting me use his time share in switzerland
"Niggas funny like comics, I'm wealthy nigga, I aint rich"
Not just for sports people... "You miss 100% of the shots you don't make." - Wayne Gretzky
This is going to be a lot harder than I thought, I've always had my family to come home to.
Hello! :) Hope both of you are doing ok.
Good Morning L.A. Happy Thanksgiving eve. In line for coffee + wondering if there are more hipsters in Silverlake or Culver City...hm...
Same here beautiful :) RT : It was good seeing you (:
hey Dave! It's Dylan! It's been a VERY long time haha dunno if u remember me
School... :/ I feel like everyone else is getting out next week but we don't get out until June 7th
Teaching lab section #4 for the week aka need to get some funding
ok i did
So much more satisfying than politics.
thats why you need to come save me so we can do stuff!!!! I wana go see Harry Potter
No. I got back into 3 of my 5 classes. On the waiting list for the other 2. But I was 10th on the list for one, now I'm 26th. FML
I'm to much of an young lady to let you get to me
u hear that 'Welcome To H-Town' Joint ??
pero ya paso por venezuela .. y pork no lo fuiste a ver :(
La Lanterna is having their final clearance sale tomorrow from 10 to 2. Sad to see them go!
I gotta say U.S History be shakinn, We forever clownin in that class....Me, Heze, Bj, x Fred!!!!
Had a Great time last night at the Golden Nugget on the Deck Looking at all the Boats.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "Hey don't you work at Steak n Shake?" Yeah bitch, I have been for a year and a half.
CRASH in Molalla: South Adams Road @ South Claims Road
we look forward to reading this beautiful day in word form!
woke up to a spider skittering across my thigh
work in banking. Wbu?
Wow. Bo Ryan not happy in his interview with the local media. Just a bit defensive.
Americans and world have broken souls We have responsibility to create new institutions that will restore hope. Matthew Dowd at Gathering.
Thanks! It's good to be here! Be in touch with us some time.
"Go to sleep, go to sleep, you are far most gorgeous." Love that commercial.
You too girlfriend!!!
I have just been floored with your Epic Drawings of History! Wanna do a piece for a little indie card game?
So much excitement for #ala12! Stop by the Hachette Booth #2400 for lots of galleys and book talk!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 283
“: Agree. RT : I think closer to stadium, be around the atmosphere of the game” co-sign
getting ready to go jogging with the kids, my role is more a drill sergeant it seems. ^SB
I'm not going back with him, I'm done being stupid! #subtweet #foreveraloneandhappy #ihateyou >:)
that you aren't lonley I am here 4 you
Does unlimited promotion continue after I'm dead? 'Cuz there's no fame like posthumous fame, ya know.
wow she's weird hahahaha ugh i have weird friends ! :D cant wait to see my best guy friend Kris this weekend !!! :) :)
Oh well time to look for a job. Yay. -meeeeeeeeeh sarcasm-
Greetings from Vegas! We're kicking off #interop with giveaways, booth presos and more, stop by booth #1117 for a chance to win a DUCATI!
Happy New Years! A day filled with food and football!
LOL how did you get him to follow you?
no than I want have nun
don't make me laugh before 12. i have a rule against that.
o wow thats cool. Ariana has fans EVERYWHERE lol i hope she tours there 1 day so u can meet her!
Once you have feelings for someone, those feelings will always be there. you may not like them anymore, but you'll still care.
A very big congratulations to and on their chapter of the year awards!
But did we waste our time Or did the time waste us? Is different on this side The other side of love
This is ridiculous.
New mala bracelets & necklaces now in stock! Used for focusing the mind in meditation & prayer. Come in & check 'em out!
Can't possibly cost more than what we pay them to feed their addictions and fantasies.
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite musicians?
RT : The competition is stiff. Do your research before you apply for a job. Joe Guerin
Congrats Elizabeth! Keep up your work out streak! Kevin, wellness director at NR is fabulous if you need some extra motivation!
Another of my personal takeaways from SXSW this year is to focus and scale down to best use limited time and resources.
searching for an HR Manager (multiple locations) GREAT opportunity; excellent $alary
Sounds good! I can;t wait to see it! :)
Choppin it up wit real ass peoples
Stuff sounds great guys! Thanks for the follow and keep up the good work!
Classic Albert Pujols: You can always count on him to draw a meaningless two-out walk in a tight game.
I'm leaving Maui today but I see you all in Phoenix 2/17!
Yes -- important sustainability question. RT : well, it's just a choice of which treadmill you prefer :)
In all 9 years this year will be my trickiest
you best. Those hobos are tricky.
#yostruggleaintreal unless you're homeless or born in bumblefuck Bangkok
I'm also reading Girl w/ Dragon Tattoo since it's on our book club roster in Jan
adore the outfit that Kim is wearing....the shorts are adorable! wonder if I could pull it off...
Dear VH1, Put on some Stevie Tv or all hell will break loose.
I can make it to #ala11 if I get a roommate. If anyone knows they are going and needs a roommate (or knows someone who does) please DM me.
just ordered this. so looking forward to it!!!
Woohoo! I won't tell, good news for you.
Hornets outscored the Bobcats 12-8 in the 3rd quarter. 12-8. No, that's not a typo.
Ok, looking for an Android twitter client that can show multiple accts at once like tweetdeck but does pull to refresh. Picky I know
Done w/ everything in my rear view. What's ahead is far more exciting :)
oh don't worry....u guys will see me again real soon....tell mama I said hi....
I hear you loud and clear, for sure. I feel the same way.
no one needs your sass, Ms Slessman.
Re-stockin on the coke zero
I haven't had a soda in over a month. If I had a soul I would sell it for an ice cold Pepsi right now.
Hart snapped an 0-for-12 with that double.
Tomorrow. Everything will be ok but thank you
A salute to our veterans, active duty personnel and their families from Fun 4th Festival - thanks for all you do!
Good thing my phones charged
Thought blackird was dead, was reminded what dead is when we stepped into lee's....
I must admit, I see some pretty weird shit.
Just realized ill never meet the ICONic Boyz and i live 5 hours away from Denver.
The Birds (1963), The Killer (1989)
If you aren't down with that, we've got two words for ya, "PERFECT MISTAKE"
why do you always do this to me?!
if ever followed me or tweeted me i would ligit die !!!!!!
Only thing worse than doing overtime on a Saturday is later finding out that it's going on next week's 30 hour week. Aka not OT.
I seriously think dogs are sexy ;) like me, no joke!! <3
Ian's snack-food game is tight. RT : Oh, Capri Sun.
Tomorrow is the day to vote for !
"Serious Windows" a new standard in energy efficiency Stay warm this winter Black Forest Remodel&Tile Can Help Portland's Remodeling Experts
Excited to share this blog post by from ~ 3 Big Brands who rocked it out at
Our goal is to move beyond tolerance of other cultures but to learn to celebrate one another and our differences.
Happy Father's Day to all the great dads out there! Hope you got more than ties...
Heat v Cavs, nice!
Am ridiculously excited: ordered my first #MyPillow I hope the infomercial isn't jive. Pillows and my "new" pillowcases: happiness!
Why? Because this isn't the 60s. I'm not that starved of baseball that I'm going to watch two teams I despise because its 'Game of the Week"
We are looking for contestants from Panama, St Brats, St Lucia, St. Maarten Turks & Caicos, US Virgin Islands
If you add bay leafs to the flour container the flour will remain free from moisture.
Trying to find reasonably priced hotels in downtown Nashville and Asheville, NC. Any suggestions?
Went to the Portland trail blazers game The Jazz will be singing the Blues in the Rose Garden.
wow! Harper is living up to the hype! I like what I see! Let's go Nats!!
Tomorrow with >> (:
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Beware - "collaborative family law" is a technical term that involves giving up your right to go to court.
Yeah Buddy!! She got the tour aight!!!!!!! #gamesetmatch #PaulyDProject!
: The friendlier term is "listener" :)
He still has the 7... -Maria
Thanks rick!
