thanks for coming yesterday! Glad to know I'm still running the town as I make 2X as much as you!
with our without pennies?
is be copying you!
Ohana means family, family means nobody gets left behind. Or forgotten. *Lilo and Stitch*
"Mutual understanding, fraternal love are transcendent civilizers and mighty factors in the worldwide realization of the brotherhood of man"
We have a good feeling about the game today with all the great energy in here right now! Go #Badgers!
Thank you for the mention Kathleen!
": That nap didnt even help.. Still tired" i hate that
having a moment of silence for all those neglected silly bands that's no one gives a shit about anymore
#48hours I knew he was guilty as soon as he called the detective neighbor to "check" on his family.
Every man one point in life, did the Kamehema wave while they were using the bathroom.
Q5)Safety policies, essential tool use, and probably "transactive memory" aids.
Thanks for the mentions!
Adding fresh herbs and spices to your food can turn any ordinary meal into an extraordinary meal.
We appreciate all of you who follow Poised Creation in Cleveland!
I hate it when People call my Braces Train track teeth! ...
thanks! there was a lot of imagination to what a cart could be..like a grizzly bear cart for teaching survival skills.
apparently I've been building up tolerance to be a teenagers mom since high school. Working in the restaurant industry helped
Nah, I was talking about the script that you never sent me smh lol
did you get my text yesterday?
You hav quite a rockin day coming up! YaY Love days like that :D
Woke up from my nap..
Excited for The Black Keys, Garbage, and Cake at #Edgefest22!!
DEAD. RT ": I just realized how big Chris head really is in le RBMS video & how skinny he is....Nigga like"
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo go visit ur boy in jail with some old weed in ur pocket that u didnt remember is in there.
Endurance is resistance to time dependent mental and physical fatigue. An endurance event is a test of that limit.
Who is going to the Brewers' home opener tomorrow?
Wig time!
I bin good just skoo & Working. I miss you too - Derrick
I saw Donald and Maria before it crashed. Thanks T! Xoxo
1 of the most ignorant things ever written. RT : His hoodie killed Trayvon Martin as surely as George Zimmerman.
Guns Don't Kill People... Lazers Do!
"She's totes cray, cray." - James Van Der Beek in Don't Trust the B in Apt 23
LOVE YOU TOO CODY!!!
RT : Big summer gona be fun // YES Indeed it will be! Can't wait.
soon here in Italy there will be one of the episodes of Ghost Hunters Follow me please *.*
i mean...is this a joke?
oh I ain't get it
Lol awww : I'm pumping in bed right now and my husband just called me: "Pumpy Brewster"
I seen ghosts last night... is your girl in town casting spells by any chance
at home. Pacers have home court now. Nobody gave them a chance
#Buckeyes and #Quakers playing today. This 70deg weather is going to have to wait a bit.
High praise indeed! :) RT : My boys, proud members, liked it! RT : Titanic exhibit open only til May 16.
Thank you for RT! So excited for Saturday. :)
Thanks! Looking forward to Sunday!
“: . smh at Normy's tweets on our timeline” What did I do!?!?
Just saw a prius with a 'friends of coal license plate.
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ? 2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ? 4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing? :)))
HeLLo RT : RT : OLD RULE: Never get your honey the same place you get your bread. It always ends up as a sticky ...
I said it's bad, but I like it. I've read another hundred pages already today. It's crack like.
You are on to something. Smith & Wesson makes bikes too.
Lakers have 4 white guys in the lineup, gonna be hard to come back like that
Data management plan tool being developed with cdl, smithsonian, etc..thought would be able to tweak DCC tool, ended up rebuilding it
I wish i had a black friend so whenever we're together i can sing black and yellow, black and yellow
Seems like you've got crazies in front of and behind you
unlock your twitter so I can send u a message
Come in & warm up with our Dbl Punch Drink of the day: Honey Bunch Latte. Our 10/20/30% OFF SALE now includes ALL Holiday at 30% OFF.
have you ever felt your spirit literally & forcefully say NO to something? no joke. like, smooth sailing and then one day -- "STOP! DON'T."
Missing the call putting the kids to bed! Happy and sad...
Megan Fox&#39;s Sharper Image
A long, hot & sticky day remedied by a refreshing Über Pils!
cotton-polyester blends or wearing red? NOT allowed!
I told my husband the same thing... He's a math teacher and should've known better, lol!
I'm scared he would ignore me or something
They'll just alternate between that and Jamison 3s...
Shout out to our brothers at One Love and Ryan Cassata for awesome sets at the donkey last night!
YW! Thx4 connecting & sharing on Twitter! Have a fantastic weekend!
Lmao. Yeah, I still agree with my decision. It was fun. <3
that's cute.
#classyCourtneyIsClassy RT Having to safety pin and tape your costume the night of pictures.
lol I feel the same RT : I don't know about y'all, but I rather lose a liver than shut down my brain cells.
I haven't napped Like That since before I discovered coffee.
10 more min can't wait till 2012
That estimate's good enough. I'm training a bunch of student activists and we're using your tumblr as an example of coolness.
I been rollin' up sativa got me high, high.
i like how doesnt even try to deny it or hide it that he has a crush on :)
- hey guys, thanks for the follow
whitehouse.gov would have done 1 click vote, but Amazon has a patent on it wh.gov/gEm
Who has a hot tub I could use?
i love peter demarcus white
Exactly gotta protect my reputation
Check out Olympus Group mascots NOW on
I'm going to barf guisee
Florence and the Machine tix go on sale today Who wants to go with me?
I'm so stubborn.
There is no holy life.There is no war between good and evil.There is no sin and no redemption. None of these things matter to the real you.
thanks for not making us look TOO crazy...
I know. Imma have to come to Vegas and act like a child. You know, just like all hotel guests.
I try to limit the amount of meat I eat
Thank you so much for the FF!!!!!!
Yogi Tea wisdom: There is a beauty in your presence. Show who you are.
sweet dreams =)
I gave you that fat lip
HA! RT : Apparently Mitt's ads are put together by a blind trust, too.
Dear stomach,
good point. You wouldn't accept investment on those terms if you wanted to retain control.
I hate parties.
And thats hows its done!!!..BONG!!!
my 3yr old son Emory (listening to whippoorwills call & response) says: "BIRD ECHOES!" He sings along w the birds!
just kidding
You tell him! That tweet made me go all "OH GOD, THE JEALOUSY! MY JOB IS TERRIBLE COMPARED TO THAT."
Black Friday is RIGHT AROUND THE CORNER! Are you ready to get your Sac on?
Wearing sweats today so it will be easier to duck under a desk during that man-made earthquake today in OK :/!
If you love somebody, let them go. If they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were.
Rupert Murdoch on phone hacking: ‘That’s a lazy way of reporting’
Weather today made me want to be at a pool with a drink in my hand
Good am lovely people thankin god another day! S/o our new followers & thank u 4 liking our fan page if u haven't please do!
Great meeting & IRL at #GetLiquid. Many more suits than I'm used to in ATX + SF!
Sound the buzzer on both of them and remove the clip from Youtube. The only answer is 1976 Suns.
hella snow u guys
this is pitched on a yeast cake from a no-starter ESB. Gonna oak it for a while & keg in a few months. M.
#CRM Enterprise view: not just for sales/marketing: helps w/ customer relationships (direct feedback) & integrates other systems. cc'
Musicians w/the same name: Either somebody change yr name or start playing the same instrument. Because I DO NOT enjoy editing site tags.
using Dropbox for sharing non-sensitive docs, on-campus secure email for sensitive docs, and SpiderOak for the in-between.
SET IT OFF!!!!!! THANKS FOR THE ENERGY, LETS KEEP KILLING SWAG...
Yay! You excited??
I won!
Russian women often assume I'm Russian & after I correct them they tell me how much better Russian women are vs American.
Make sure you apply a custom background to your Twitter profile. It will help make your profile more memorable.
I am SO stoked for Mo and some bone marrow butter next week
MY TWITTER IS ON FIRE!
Christian musicians need to support each other..Thanks! and God Bless you guys and your music!
One more gush and then I'm Madonna's whole show brought me to tears. Amazing!!! So positive!
it was great ladies, thanks for hanging with your old man.
Im revved up right now. How am I supposed to sleep
RT : Nice show of respect by passing to Bubnick for the empty netter.
I say YES. I am in love with the edible egg. It annoys me that my family members think eggs are a cholesterol risk.
Peace and light to and !
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one. Hubbard, Elbert
#whatdeadin2011 Liz Taylor
The only good thing about the race is the night before if we could just have that and not have the race I'd be happy because all this tr ...
The cold weather is back, hopefully the last weekend of this! Come in to warm up with the new menu!
"Wow" comment from student Emily Wu after performing her concerto accompanied by the Rochester Symphony Orchestra.
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday. ~ Author Unknown
On board reading was Wired. What's your #Klout rating? Do you really care?
I'm growing more and more excited for NYT coverage of Olympic yoga...
I swear every time I watch Kenan and Kel, the same episode is on.
Remind me to tell you about Alex.....that guy is a freak!!!
You are awsome...thanks! RT : wanna chat? You have my number don't you? I'd be happy to help....
Sitting in dentist chair waiting for novocane to take effect... Good bye wisdom teeth.
wat she need
Your Wireless Guy- $10 for $30 Worth of Cell-Phone Accessories at Smart Wireless. Nine Locations Available.
Well I just saw my name.
It was sad. The Monster Kolor still looks gorgeous on them. So sparkly shiny, just ruined in spots. Harumph.
bitch! one more word from you and i'm going to fuck you up;)
Off work early :)
very welcome!
And don't call us if the bitches ain't flawless, if they are we can hang like Aretha Franklin Bra-less!!!
how was the party?
Alright, folks. It's time for lunch. I'll continue live blogging #wcphilly around 1pm eastern.
This is one of my favorite stops for a case of the good stuff: Venier, Pattes Loup, etc RT Celebrating our First Birthday today!
Good day for swashbuckling. Headed south to see what kinda trouble I can get into. Woowww
What’s the funniest food joke you’ve heard? Keep it clean ;-)
Working on a custom Rockin' B dress today, love it! Need something customized? I can do it! Sizing, color, etc.
Hanging out with jake and tanner for the first time in months!
You definitely should Wasn't that such a sweet idea? I loved receiving them!!
got u most definitely
LOVE that your #SM team is always so interactive with customers!! Great job! RT : We're happy to hear it!
Glad I came to my intern..my goal is to have a total of 5 news pkges..more standup and a GREAT INTERN NEWSCAST TO PUT ON MY REEL!!
Home from the birthday party, now I need to figure out dinner. Blog later? So happy for that extra hour of daylight in the evening. :-)
People have trouble with resolutions because they can't wrap their head around doing something for 365 days. I say- take 1 day at a time!
Oh gosh, bed already? I'm down for some zzzs. :d
Girl- "omg I love Austin Mahone! I'm a mahomie!! :D" Me- "me too, and i miss angel" Girl- "who's angel" Me-"GET THE FUCK AWAY FROM ME!"
May 17 is the eighth anniversary of Massachusetts becoming the first U.S. state to legalize same-sex marriage. Celebrate!
dropping this beat tonight
where do you live and where is it happening? topography is the enemy of high fidelity fm.
Anne, but again he tweeted flushed, trembling, and unstrung
Thanks so much, Lisa!
that's my ringtone on my phone
a sweet demeanor, has this cat!
if anybody in the world feel u lil bro... i feel u.. we all on dat
Taxis cost less than limos faster than shuttles. There when you need them. Check out Bing Maps taxi fare calculator.
Oh hell no lol still got that slide phone? Lmao
This series will end tonight
WHY ARE YOU LEAVING US AGAIN?!
she's distracted when daddy comes home I guess!
true!the link between my past work in non-profits and joining is a mission-driven orientation. i<3
you're welcome - hope you can make it down!
Congrats! What will you be working on?
Redefining connection: when was the last time you had a face to face conversation with your own kids? Spouse? Best friend? People matter!
Meditation, check. Read a chapter of the book I'm reading, check. Now it's bedtime for this girl.
Kim K is ten min from my house..oh snapp!!
Craving to leave the country
for the most part. My occupation fortunately has taught me to function without much. Husband is a different story...:)
haha- you are too funny!! How's Cody doing?
that sign is on the front door of the dell still, I just hadn't read it up close ... seems it will be subdued at a minimum. :(
Looking at forming a 2v with Mage(Anyspec) and Lock(anyspec) what do you guys think the best specs would be and why
Just found out my dad's girlfriend's puppy is pregnant! ^_^ She's due May 25. ^_^
Get out of the sun and make waves with our bumper boats!
There's no such thing as long distance relationship love shouldn't be a distance
Bought myself two awesome 1970's vintage dresses from Pretty People in Old Town. Perfect for a new restaurant opening next month.
Going to see #Song1 at the tonight! I've heard such great things, can't wait to see it for myself!!
Just landed in LA I'm in love already
hit up union oyster house
Heading to #SanDiego today for the Pacific Sociological Association mtgs
Be careful! Can you see your apartment in that picture?
awesome. Thanks, you too! :)
I have to laugh at the last.FM community sometimes.
I came to this conclusion the other day...3rd world countries may have more crime but the US has more criminals... Deep?
Join us next Wed 05/16 with guest: Jennifer Edwards Y - Young Entrepreneur Council
Yea that's another good spot for sure.
I started to feel under the weather, so I just ducked out. Booth is #634 if you want to stop by for dessert. Sorry I missed u.
Smoke Good..Fuck Better..Count Money What's Better?
thanks to a family member today..i was able to find more descendants of my 3rd great grandma..the 2012 Florida reunion is going to be huge!!
Nice to be home and start spring break early
It looks like Supe. Wiener changed his Twitter screen name to My apologies.
Sometimes #Monday ain't so bad. There are good works to be done today!
Thanks! The year is ending great so far. Just raised $180 4 the DFTH charity. super excited. When r u sending in ur donation?
Follow back?? :)
Que Trip'ao! RT : and the handful of #latino panels at #sxswi are being held in 2 rooms, like we have our own #sxsw corner, lolz
Ok, which one of you is WHEC's undercover cyberbullying account?
What a weird, weird day.
clinton was after him. i wasnt born till 92. duh
Happy #OpeningDay everyone!
Happy Mother's Day to all women who are Mom's, Step-Mom's, have Mom's, want to be a Mom, love Mom's, need a Mom, miss your Mom, and...
you're so welcome! Love my #trenchers!!
Ack - Our Lady Peace is coming to SF next month. I've moved on from them with my tastes but it sure brings me back.
mine is
HEY KIDS IT'S BORGORE. DO YOU KNOW WHAT'S HARDCORE?
Thanks, Ben! I needed a little change.
Aww , inspirational quotes?
oh and miss you too.
#portland people!! im moving there this month and i would like to meet some nice folks to play music and smoke ganja with. : )
Did you know? Fountain Hills, Arizona was previously recognized by "Parenting Magazine" as one of the "Top 10 places to raise a family".
I think I go fishing way to much.
i dont have to see you to know your beautiful. I have read your tweets. You have a beautiful personality
On the other hand, 24% of all NFL stuff sold bears the Dallas Cowboys logo!
follow me please.
Very appreciative of Jim and Fred for our nice "welcome" lunch celebrating Tara and Claire's first week at OnMessage
Looks like it's "ticket for 1" night at UTG HQ! Should I see "best exotic marigold hotel" or "dictator"? Leaning towards the first
Our church got bracelets & when u complain, u switch ur bracelet to the other wrist. It works! Makes u more aware!
You are here
Good stuff man, you going all out and getting a place in Manhattan? I'll have to visit, I love that city
Is it bad that I have that One Direction song stuck in my head?
3 bedroom suite for Saturday!
Excited to go to the Hornets Wizards game tomorrow night!
doe you have a website? I would like to learn more about your point of view?
Thanks for liking all the music from my middle and early high school days.
Booked a commercial and a film this weekend. Nice holiday!
Haha! RT : I noticed that changed their packaging technique after I spoke with them...feeling so influential :D
Getting ready to start another great Monday! Have a fantastic day... :)
2 cents party tonight stop in @ hornyhideaway
Thanks!! Glad to be in the struggle with you.
Yes, I have a sweet tooth and the desserts (brownies, chocolate chip cookies, apple and cherry crisp, almond biscotti etc
LOVE DOESNT HURT ITS THE RELATIONSHIP THAT BRAKES...... AND HURTS YOU BACK AT THE END
My best hater cant stop my shine!
Forgot to add #maythe4thbewithyou's..
*FIRE ALERT: 3 alarm Brush Fire 4700 block of West Crown Valley Rd, Bootlegger Canyon, Olsen Rd & 29000 block of Hefner Road.
Vacation reporting here is very lax, and if I needed the 30 days I currently accrued I could conceivably take it without question.
When you see on the commercial for the new season of ABDC ugh my babies
How to Use Social Media to Manage Your Company Brand Online
good morning everybody
": Decisions are the worst!! Popcorn or icecream?? Lol"both. Throw popcorn in ice cream
Folks will need dry blankets and towels.
Yeah BUDDY RT : Caps!! Finally ahead in the series
Yeah Haley is safe on #idol!! I think Stefano should go...what about you ?
My boyfriend ain't your fuckin therapist bitch. Gtfo.
Wee are really excited about Austin coming up on October 22nd! Watch for our KXAN commercial! Have you seen it?
I wanna ride my bike! Its so
On average,I think about you atleast once in every class! #solucky&happy
Anyone interested in being a part of some new television shows? Let me know so we can do something
just write all your tweets as you fly, then foist them on us upon your landing
never disappointed! Brunch! Sunday! Soon I hope!
Would love a foot massage right now.
I never do this, but... Good morning, everyone!
who's good? Wanna lose my agent in Chicago...
Need new followers ...finna b on here more
So true, moved to LA 2 years ago with nothing. Still the best decision I've made, well that and adopting my dog.
awwh ya miss me?
0 BALANCE..CLEARED AND WALKING ACROSS THAT STAGE SOON!!! SOMEONE EXPLAIN TO ME HOW MY GOD IS GOOD!!!
hey Alice I hope you're doing great. Please take care<3..
Wondering if I can get to make an appearance at my son's 5th birthday party.
well it would have been nice to know ahead of time that my door locks were changed... wtf
I mean this guy produced Patti Smith...he should be ashamed of himself.
hey analise its mari doll from chatzy :D smanx fro following me boo lol
Wow! Early bird... pretty productive so far?
Saw Watchmen last night- very good! I'm imagining lotsa blue bodysuits this Halloween. Late night, another one today @ work. Oh well.
Took advantage of a free day and spent lunch and the evening at Krav.
Keep that motivation! ISupport
GamerAdvice has a new design and will be pumping out posts again. Sorry for the 1 month break =( but we are back and better than ever.
Four hour classes and my attention span apparently do not get along.
Partied with Damon Stoudamire, Jim Jackson, Oscar Robertson, and Jim Gray
Well, guess I don't work tonight. Franzia and Kinnect it is.
RT if you think I would look better with an Ellen Degeneres dike spike
I just picked in the Madden NFL 13 Cover Vote! #mymaddencovervote via
CBS News: Mitt Romney is the projected winner in Illinois Republian Primary.
Counting all of my gold coins after a fun St. Patrick's day with and ! Who won the grand prize btw?
My phone is going nutz . haha
only with online photo printing can you get five of something for thirty-six cents
I love Jessica her song touched me tonight
shut up lol
Thanks to everyone who came to the show last night! You made it an incredible night for me and my dancers.
Time to start celebrating the best day of the year...cinco de mayo and 's 21st birthday!!
ATTENTION: All Graduating Seniors Will Not have to wait in line! #BeVIP This #THURSDAY w/
I think it's from doing the chop so much last week. haha
love your tweets so much...actually gives me hope there's perfect guys out there :)
I'm going to restart writing my book since my blueprints were stolen along with my laptop.
Absolutely! Remember, violas are confused violin players
,I hope the 30% Homer Simpsons was not watchin!
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it! -Jonathan Winters
Don't forget the less fortunate this holiday season. Your local food pantry can always use help. PicknSave has plenty of items they need!
home away from home!
Like when people are telling funny jokes and someone says something that ruins the moment, I laugh at that XD
Did you ever get your bags back from Delta?
We’re giving away the new iPad, Fire SWAG, and tix during the game tonight, stop in to win!
Wow. They did a full on Bollywood-parody-story-number (complete w/ Ellis as Apu) on #SMASH --- Bravo! Simultaneously brilliant & hysterical!
Believing in that bullshit ... " if u love someone let them go if they come back it was meant to be " if u loved the person y u wnna leave!?
if you're not on tour when Scream It Like You Mean It passes through there will you be there?!
justin > emily wilbur hahahahaha now what!!!
I don't know about you guys, I'm still rooting for Newt. We need someone to uphold marriage as holy union of one man and one (or more) women
saw District 9 this afternoon. Got a little desensitized to people exploding like rotten melons.
don't worry nothing bad #OneDoorClosesTwoMoreOpen #opportunties are knocking :) hectic=busy
Happy Birthday Have a good one bro
Thank you, ! Same to you :)
Just finished up in the gym I'm addicted to hard work still Dreamchasing !! Still aiming for Hawaii ...if u know me u know how ill get there
yooo i heard that track lol you fuck with logic now?
Looks like I'll be heading to WI over Memorial Day weekend to help win the recall! Must find cheese curds.
it's the wine.
Put these in your own order... Concept, Conflict, Character
ty, so true! RT In Email or social media, spam is spam and robots are rarely perceived as humans.
Risk more than others think is safe. Care more than others think is wise. Dream more than others think is practical.
The second music starts playing, any music at all, I'm instantly happier.
Keep swinging at garbage, Morneau
Love it! MT : Gonna steal idea, but global: #drinkingaboutmuseums via Skype. With whatever bottle you keep in desk.
Do you know which agency is doing their casting?
You know I'll be looking for you too on that Red Carpet. Get some camera time in!!! :)
will you be at
Panhandler to me: "Nice beard my man. You remind me of a young Eric Clapton."
I keep my receipts in my passport when traveling -- every time I pull it out from my breast pocket I like to pretend to be MacGyver.
my email
Got my nails done with :3
I been pretty good myself. Just a lil bit, since your always tweeting & I didn't see you on my tl I was like what happened? lol
Calling him Jordan Farmer >>>>>
You have to call them usually, but Delta, Lufthansa, Aer Lingus, LOT Polish. Air France that I remember.
They don't say the holocaust is a fake do they??
is their only account. They have no personals
IN school chief will testify Wed. on SB 258 (ending social promotion of 3rd graders who don't read @ grade level)
The love for the Irish is on your plate starting today and straight through St. Patty's day. Check out the facebook specials.
Then defo do! That's not a hard decision
Stop searching, happiness is right next to you
haha i buy you one.
hot tea? or iced tea?
tough question.....VT girls or UM girls? Who's prettier????
Kravitz has a sad looking mosh pit. Nobody who cares about him apparently went to the race
I'm tired of all this DRAMA!!!!
In Philly the bus would peel off while the passengers laughed at the runner. lol
I'm almost over my latest bout of the flu. Absolutely exhausted though. This year has been worse than any previous one. Ick!
its not too bad during the day
Hey man, I'm just tryna sell some rocks...
Referrals from non-clients = $20 gift card to dinner!!! Limited time only!
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to taking my clothes off with you at a party sometime soon.
White Sox perfect game... NICE!
i really want a bag of salt and vinegar chips right now. someone should bringeth them to me.
Lyon interprets Arendt: inter-est as '"something ... which lies betw. people & therefore can relate and bind them together"
"You ain't nothing but a player two ass nigga."
From today on I'm gonna have to work the hardest I've ever had to in Life to make my goals a reality
Got Done Running My Myles Lmao My Time Was Way Long Then Last Time It Was Like 10 min .. Wtf
Follow this guy
Her sons rise up and call her blessed. Her husband also praises her: "Many women are capable, but you surpass them all!" Prov. 31:28-29
The way girls swing their arms before they dance <<<< like, chill out bitch...
today just not my day:(
#ThankYouCody for everything you have given up for us and continue to do for us. We love you and will be here till the end!
I'll never get tired of hella famous people saying "Oakland A's."
i am going to your oakton place today and i was wondering if the blue dye looks sort of like middle neon
oh okay so what you doing?
lol can't be that bad
his mouth dropped. He knew I was messin with him and he laughed. No discount,but a lotta love : ) will take it!
thanks for the follow bro!
thanks lovely! Hope you are well.
haha me too my dude, me too
shit my pupils are so obvious too lol I'd never get away with it
Disposables are safety razors..
fine how bout you
hey chick what you doing tonight?
RT Why is Facebook telling my friends that I am in Biggin Hill? Where the hell is that?! It sounds made up. <> lmao
oh wow these are all like separate hour or half an hour vids lol
going home to nap 👍
The Day the LOLcats Died.
I threw together a little thing to show off tomorrow night. I'm calling it, "Y U NO USE ACCELERATE, FOO?". ...That's the working title.
Nice work with the new record, fellas. Spinning at vinyl here at the house!
can u have some lol
oh goodness ariana. Your version is by far the best :) hahaha
you suck
#nola here we come
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes.St. Clement of Alexandra
That's why I'm being built juuusst a bit outside of Miller Park.
I have been telling people that #agender (no gender) is not the same as #genderqueer (mixing of gender)
get used to cracking up you're stuck with me for at least a year >:D
I'm on the toilet right now
Nothing like a cold dose of sobering reality to kick off their weekend, eh?
According to the Oxford American Dictionary, "ho" is "black slang." Is that just supposed to be their word? My dictionary is racistly silent
King Mo is joining IMPACT WRESTLING his character name is King Fudge Packer!
yea im so pissed off bout the pink slime they put in grd meat 4 school kids lunch !
Missed you guys at SX but really love your sound. Come back to Austin soon!
Come join us at our first general body meeting of 2012 in TEN MINUTES! We're in the Campus Center room 268!
So many social networking sites. So little time.
Not sure why there are giant muffins in the kitchen at work but I might eat two of them
he's My Bodyguard to me. He would have won that fight easier with animal mothers' M60 tho
Press: _After Arest_ "Explores how the NBA moved to govern black players and the expression of blackness after the 'Palace Brawl' of 2004."
Wow, did you guys move again?
#3WordsOfAdvice Respect All Girls
We're on Pier Ave. & The Strand in Hermosa at the Hennessey's SUP & Paddleboard World Championships After Party! Stay Hydrated, South Bay!
i unbuckle my belt now give me a head start
wow. unreal. hopefully Garcia and Colon will continue to be somewhat solid
Lots to do this week before holiday outing happens. Do laundry, plan, pack, attend two more days of work, etc.
Grad Bash is tomorrow. I get the privilege of seeing DJ Khaled and Pitbull perform. Yay.... Pitbull and DJ Khaled.
As audiences become more video production savvy, how could concepts like crowdsourcing + transmedia fit into content creation?
Let's go Yankees!!! Coming back!
People who are help us organize in their areas to get josh's name out ....
Monical's doesn't usually see paper cut injuries!
Getting ready to leave for New Port beach tomorrow! Yeah!
yes! i hate when they are dramatic..that said, i think it is the least interesting Kardashian show, haven't been keeping up
Midwest Middle School Showcase in Chicago! M14Hoops.com for info
just saw the winners - $15k to distribute coffee mugs and gather "thoughts"? #WTF ?
tons of rain today but NO hurricanes here!
RT : Good to see so many folks rocking the #astd2012 hashtag! Keep the info coming!
Thank you <3
is loving the arts fest music lineup for 2010. way to go
"i never give a damn about a hater: got money on my radar"
I put my retainer in every 3 months for 15 minutes just to make sure it still fits, then I start to feel light headed and take it out....
a little bit of down time before heading over to the convention center.
Hey sweetie! Hope all is well! Want to talk to you about your headphones-got some great ideas! Just talked about them on the air!
Try stepping in my shoes and walking a mile. Then you'll see how hard it is to hold back the tears and fake a smile. </3
What was the worst thing you spilled on your pool felt?
We'll be making love the whole night through
he hates michael bay,
NEW QUIZ, PUZZLE & POLLS WILL BE UP BY LATER ON TODAY!
TV Roundup: Melissa Gilbert Suffers Head Injury, Whiplash on 'Dancing With the ... - Zimbio
Young dumb whores# SmhuNeverwin
Omg I can't sleep too much going on in my head :o lol
will you please tweet #pray4shay PLEASE! she's from our community & needs positive thoughts !
wanted to send something positive. The driver of nb no 11 bus (04054)was extremely helpful and pleasant. #8:03pmfleetstreet
Only thing I know for sure is I am hitting the gym hard today & planning on doing yoga twice tomorrow...Happiness is my fitness schedule!!!
Cute concept! Good luck doll!
lmaoo what all that candy wasn't good enough?
Wow, good luck!
We love getting feedback from our customers. Thank you for the kind words about Johnathan our Marana Store Manager this week.
My son got sillyputty all over his buzz lightyear blanket. And it's darn near impossible to get out!
Like I always say: You have the RIGHT to remain silent. Whether you have the ABILITY is another thing entirely.....
yes it does!
I'm glad to hear that Mozilla has announced a "privacy mode" for Firefox 3.1. The update is scheduled to be released in beta form in Oct.
RT if you think Gaga is better than hockey...or if you call 911 when you see your team's opponent do something big, mean, and scary on TV.
#madmen Wow!
LOVE STATION is taking over
Ladies I have a couple openings today, call and book your Thanksgiving hair appointment now:) (813) 910-2770
Something good seriously needs to happen fast...or I just might lose it.
I'm tongue-tied and terrified of what i might say
Someone left his/her credit card and receipt at the ATM machine in the supermarket. I reported it and gave them to a cashier.
TEAM JACOB 4 LIFE!!
tell me about it runs
what a joke. :)
Weekly Ketchup: Anchorman Sequel Is On Its Way This week's Ketchup includes movie news about sequels for Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Bur
cute cute dog!!
Why does my homegirl have me on car watch?!? Aren't we supposed to be headin to a meetin Ma'am
#wla12 is an excellent moderator: sharp questions, good followup, useful summary.
Warm cookies are the best cookies.
No shit two wrongs dont make a right -____-
Ah finally fixed my desk! Sometimes you just gotta bust out a screwdriver and get crafty.
It is better to shine than it is to reflect.
Absolutely sir!
It has been great being on campus! Feeling like I'm in college again :)
MIDDAY MONDAY: Welfare reform to Food Stamp Nation, w/ Jason DeParle & Michael Reisch, UM School of Social Work
RT Be careful out there party people
Thanks to all that came to the Triple Door last Saturday. What a beautiful night!
I look really pretty today.
Sure, email Summer Martin at with the info.
Sorry, I meant if I tweet to someone.
#quotes If life were measured by accomplishments, most of us would die in infancy.
My memory is that it was very good. It was in a small bar in Tempe.
I want my grades up and school out. Nothing more.
FINALLY saw Secretariat. It was a great movie! AJ was amazing. Drew Roy was hot. And all of the horses were big sports and super pretty. =)
Now i am lol, why? ^______^
Thanks! It should be sometime within the next week and a half!
What do cows do for entertainment? They rent moovies !
It's Friday - no working on the "day job", but time to work on personal/freelance projects.
Likewise, my friend!
You are too much. You just did a shout out to a lot more people than one would think. The economy and the pole.
Many thanks to Can't wait to read the #Arcane! <-- Follow this account #Horror Peeps. You'll be happy you did!
Thanks Ian!
Wish their was a Fast Foward button in life.
I'll have to work on that next time I see you. =)
Follow us on Facebook for more photos/videos and news. Just search for Brooks Custom. Mount Kisco, NY
Congrats -- my poster proposal was accepted also (but I won't be there physically)
Clinton program is great :D
Sounds like a great promotion from JetBlue. Especially now since increased ticket prices have left people vacationing at home.
Falling asleep beside someone you love after a long night of drinking is way better than blacking out beside your best guess ar penis size
It really made me want to yank the teeth out of the poachers mouth.
Is excited for my surprise date with tonight! I love Tuesday night dates!
If you are writing a novel, you should pay attention to screenplay structure and visual storytelling to sell the film rights if it hits big.
Love it! Thank you
Got Finish all these mixes before thursday -___-
Lol!! You are correct!! :)
Thank you & happy #WW!
Congratulations to CCB student Bill Hines who won many of his events this weekend at the New Jersey State Open!
I'm scared of sharks, but only in the water. The opposite applies for spiders. I think I can out-run a shark on land and out-swim a spider.
"why do you have a pig on your shirt?" "well why don't you have a pig on your shirt?" "because, i like my pig sizzling on a pan."
Weird nigga posting about other girls boobs .
Are you a videographer that would like to help out with producing content for Built in Cbus and our partners? Let us know!
Sounds like these moths have batwings
Yup, just saw the refund email. What happened? Any idea when you'll re-schedule?
:) RT : goodlooking out now following you back
Kind of feared this day might never come. Surreal. !!!
It's a way of at least implying that other points of view are entitled to exist. Bald statements can seem confrontational.
Yes, not all shows are amazing...tonight we are performing for 8 people. At least they are laughing.
I cannot deal with helping my cousin with his homework. I'm about to jack him up. He trynna argue he right when the answers are wrong -_-
Love the new picture!
When guys kiss you on the for head..
Girl, how fast do you drive?
Rethink - Re-engineer -Redeploy all the things going on in your life and take control and become the master of it.
Watching Abduction with my sister
I am looking for a $25,000 investment, Money is going to buy Ads to Hire in 40 Major College media outlets and upgrade to a Dedicated Server
Love those girls..... Always so happy after teaching them :)
Niggas get on twitter n act like hoes
Libbie Books will be participating in the Libbie-Grove-Patterson Sidewalk Sale on Sat Feb 26!
Just got told to grow some balls... Damn these girls love me xD
take a sharpie and write 'please don't cut this one off!' on the other foot. Just to make sure. Good Luck!
RT Less than 15 followers to go until we reach our goal and can give away the Ultimate Skincare basket!
Im gunna make sure I have a good day.
yur cool and you can walk.haha
were we followin u in da first place? Just askin
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 25
On my way to meeting with area high school librarians & college librarians to talk #infolit transition from 12th to freshman. Am late.
thats cool bro no offense - but NBA players can't fight maybe but other than that
Happy Thanks Giving .. Have a great afternoon . A&M ROSMAI
Kinda believe almost all ESPNers are replaceable. Seems like the machine makes the talent, not the other way around.
Tonight: We are open for game 1 of the vs Lakers series!
heading over to Nathans now
How much do I love you right now?
Anyone know of any printable vc/cv, cvv etc. combination flash cards?
Here we go.
Just updated the Facebook page with some new work! www.facebook.com/FScottSchafer
Monday morning Vintage Mixer planning meeting means one thing: I'm wearing a doo rag.
Playing Madden 11' with a seven year old lol
If I was a farmer the first thing I'd do is have a meeting with the roosters & cows & tell them to wake up around 9:30 instead of 5
My nephew will be 11 tomorrow....I am gonna cry! He's like my own
Watching Madeas Big Happy Family. Omg I'm dying lol
Can't wait! RT New York's bike-share system will be up and running by summer 2012. Here's what it will look like: on.wsj.com/qNqrEi
HA! That was hilarious! Thanks for the laugh! They are both a mess!
congratulations on UW job (did my BS there), great school & dept that will be better w you! Look forward to collaborating!
Now you're just somebody that i used to know...
Huntsman should've known by now that being educated is a liberal thing...like learning how to speak Chinese.
May all your cinco's be covered in mayo!
omg yes!!! Lol @ the CEO guy of the water bottle company he looks like a clown
RT I always feel smarter just being in the same room with Tom Bailey from
i hope not, but it probably will be because i leave on tuesday!
he a wings fan? Lomio was a Nathan's fan for sure
dear Bobcat Goldthwait: don't write anymore movies. please.
I literally cannot wait until my best friend gets here! Probably going to scream, cry, and pee myself all at the same time..
This is just a reminder that we still have plenty of seats on the bus for the Ski trip this Saturday.
#ItCantWork if only your the one putting the 50% and the other isnt putting anything.
got what I wanted..for the games to begin. Got to see the D-League play Thanksgiving, but ready for my Mavericks...
damn straight, I discover real talent, I was the nigga that discovered Wacka.
Also, my brain insists on reworking Genesis's "Invisible Touch" as "Invisible Tonsure" and running it through my head on loop.
so, apparently my boyfriend is gay
fixed: if you love paso robles wine, follow ... updates on Paso wine country events and news. www.lavistavineyards.com
that is so cool! Hooray!
To what distant corners of the map have you sent #Boogoop? I've found one #LosAngeles #douchebag selling them for almost $50! Help!
Me too, (btw, was sorry to miss your Skype presentation. Everyone said it was incredibly informative.
To clean or not clean the car ah.. It looks like it wants to rain -_-
what a stupid quest what twit ter
In spite of your fear, do what U have 2 do. ~ Chin-Ning Chu
Thanks. XD Its not much but yeah. I love Carrie Underwood.
RT CLARKSVILLE-NASHVILLE-HOPKINSVILLE CPtv MEDIA IS COMING TO YOUR CITY NEXT WEEK! RESERVE YOUR SLOT NOW TO SHOOT A MUSIC VIDEO
mate is one of my fav words, jussayin
Excited about a new startup with international markets. More to come….
I'm on this morning chatting about summer movies!
how do you use this??
#cisummit argues for pit crews for pts but not so sure. I'm not an inanimate object.
lol you have to tell me now! lol
& really make me question their sanity. I'm scared for this poor man. lol.
the Dayton game is next Saturday at midnight and is senior night. Last game of the season.
Dodgertown you are beautiful....
We support this. RT : Ran out of candy. Now laying on the living room floor in the dark eating the candy we ran out of.
What a small world :)
And just broke another database
#HowAboutWe Start Off By Bein' Friends👌
Shoot some DM's I promise I'll actually reply to them this time haha.
#10FactsAboutMe I hate chicken 
": The line in Bahama Bucks << #ridiculous" ewww the one in frisco sucks...
he's lovely!!
Thanks for the RT, friends!
a what!?
I can't stop crying , MCA you were such a big part of my life. and all the fans out there, his family my heart breaks. 😪
your grandma is on IM?
So excited to do photos today!! Haven't done this in a while... Fun fun fun
I'm not cool enough. I only shop at Walmart. What are nantucket reds guyz?
Go Pats!
Hey for a good cock sucking call this whore 914 227 3067 free lmfaooooo enjoy fellas!
I wish I had invented blue jeans. They have expression, modesty, sex appeal, simplicity - all I hope for in my clothes. -Yves Saint Laurent
I only rock wit a certain amount of females
Something is wrong with the ALA website.....
Silence on the gun , that bitch go ____ !
So, so what! I'm still a rockstar...and I don't want you tonight.
Our fitness center is hopping this morning. Stick to those resolutions!
Elizabeth Taylor, Steve Jobs, Jackie Cooper. Sad.
Its not about whos Real in front of you, its about Who stays Real behind yo back.
- Baby, let me blow your mind tonight! ♥
Why do we continue to stick to chalk and talk with so many new channels of communication available?
Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. -- E. B. White
Heading to work now. That's crazy! You guys are usually asleep by like 11PDT
Follow back? :)
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
thanks for the
Assumption freshmen step up on pitch - Quad City Times
He need to hurry Up with this Webcam .
I saw it before 3D it's my favorite movie!(:
#10ThingsIWantToBuy an ATM that just gives me money whenever I need it
Thanks, Dasha! RT : What a great holiday party !!! So nice to meet more of this super talented family last night:)
~ Hmm...I think I actually have a date. How exactly does that work again? #it'sbeenaREALLYlongtime!
Two smartypantses, what are the odds. Happy birthday, &
technically it's today. They were all about it yesterday cause they're in Europe.
u needa come back to SF this summer!! almost cried watching u perform back in march, seriously though
Good morning
not bad for Jr top 10!!!
Thank you for great samplers like today's 'Artists to Watch.' I always discover at least one new artist or song to love!
Rehearsal was cool! Just ended
getting on that twat game.
I Always Wanted To Drop Kick A Bitch!!
i'll take a photo of my toes, a close up. This way i'll get more followers? Hm i think i'll 1st use my Ped pal "Perfectly wonderfully me!
you should take conducting. Everyone had to do it at my undergrad place, and then again as a doc student at ucsd.
Q5: The home page is always the "Home" for all content. It's the only place you own as a NP. Social Media makes it more so.
job interview tomorrow!!!!!
Some people you just love working with. Am blessed w/ some awesome LA professionals who do everything well.
Kraft has been superb today for #FCBayern !!
pulled stove off the wall and threatened to blow the house up
Join us for tonight's game! Argentina VS Mexico 6pm! Specials: Groups of 8+ 15% off entire order Bucket of Coronas for $35
lol I gotta do everything huh
Awesome pic! Haven't seen you much lately. Things going OK for you and your family?
Smoking makes you totally unattractive. You could look like Louis Tomlinson and still be unattractive to me if you smoke.
Found the perfect book for Rush Limbaugh: FORGIVE ME, I MEANT TO DO IT by Gail Carson Levine
Jr absolutely right!
Looking forward to seeing you and having my hair pampered tomorrow!
Remember the cassette tapes with cords that connected to cd players..yeah we have that connected to our phone to play rhapsody.
Personal is always hardest. RT : Hardest question by far for these journalists has been "what do you tell your family?"
cool, one vote for solo.
Had to hit the park earlier and put up some shots...I feel way better though
I love how my pets know when I'm upset.
Closing time. You don't have to go home but you can't stay here. See you tomorrow!
oh I'm working on it. Hopefully terri breast feeds so I don't have to worry about that much. Haha
I was going to go, but I'm blind and have to get my first pair of glasses at 9:30. No nerds allowed, right?
We're just rednecks livin the good life.
thanks for the update! hope you don't have too late an evening there.
Watching the movie Speed. It's no "The Chase" but will do.
be a part of our #urbangarden project #volunteer w/us! and beautify
CNN hired Piers Morgan? What? That's crazy. I never saw it coming.
Out in the 305 with my boys. Good times. Nice to take a breather for a few days and get some sun. Shavua tov.
"Writing on the Ribs" tattoos are the new trampstamps, i think they all read "cum here, its the only place my uncle didnt"
Little B is honestly a joke, someone please tell me he's a comedian and NOT a rapper.
question: fine for evening reception, but is taffeta okay for 3:00 ceremony?
We're glad to have a loyal customer. RU a piggy bank member? So you can be rewarded for all your visits!
you're going to make next year so difficult
WHAT UP
haters going to hate!
Happily for community meeting. You should try it. Pliny the Elder is tasty
Listening to Same Ole Love by Anita Baker and loving it-- "365 days of the year..."
LOL I used MOD for a car/motorcycle racing loving couple's invitations. Red black and white theme. Was cute for them.
Appreciate this contact, I'm sure it will help! Thanks=)
hooray! Congratulations to you all. Happy that all are healthy!
lol u never no
Good night of theater now on the journey home.
RT Almost fell asleep when my ghetto neighbors set off FIRECRACKERS IN THE STREET!!!.....Assholes
that poor homeless lady, she'll probably never own a house, a truck, dog, or a fishing pole. Thats a sad life -dad
Thank god I'm not dying these mofos are not answering their phones!
RT If u will follow me I'll follow bak
Top of the 8th. 3-1 vs. Dodgers. Double play please.
also I could have said the same thing to you for how many years in a row
Family isn't always blood related
Let me see you put you're hearts up ... ~ #Ariana grande <3.<3
Looking forward to hearing great speakers at Compass Group Wellness Round table this afternoon in NJ
Friends don't let friends say "eastern seaborg".
Now you tell me! Don't know what to think anymore...
I just realized how crazy tonight is gonna be..
Hi - Why are you concerned?
hope ur in mate u deserve it, besides ur good luck when ur in a car in may Chelsea wins.
omg plz some buddy plz get justin bieber to follow me......please!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good luck to you ladies and the rest of the team. It's been exciting watching you all and hope it contiues tomorrow.
They just don't make 'em like they used to... However, I also have Evil Dead 2 on blu ray. One of my faves. :)
"For all those years you've protected the seed. It's time to become the beautiful flower." -- Stephen C. Paul * May your weekend be great!
Best line from review of THE LUCKY ONE: when bulb blew, the theater "filled with the squishy sounds of tearful, annoyed women."
nice, we just talked about that on the podcast with
Come #Thunderup for the vs Indiana game and stick around for live music from My So-Called Band! No Cover!
:) Just wondered if I had missed a game.
It's a bad sign when the barista whips out the manual to make you a latté
Be like that sometimes
For that's what a woman, a mother wants -- to teach her children to take an interest in life. She knows it's safer for them to b
ridiculous response time, that was literally within 1 second of that post haha. And yes, they are. Mine are coconut flavored haha
i mean who doesn't love ?
id love to test it... Let's see if you can beat out as my favorite!
I did a double too! UGGHHH
That's All I Really Wanna Do >> hugging and never let go ! ♥
we always ask what others will think or say, but never ask how does this make ME feel and doesnt MY feelings outweigh anothers opinion 0_o
So If #PhilJackson Dont Come To NY Its Not Dolan Or Organization Fault Dat Dey Didnt Contact Him They Must Know Thru Sources He Aint Coming
Let what you love guide the way and let all else fall away. What's meant will stick, what's not will go, let it.
I wont even buy the blu rays haha
follow me?;)
RT if you had fun at Dances from the Heart yesterday! Thanks to all our artists, choreographers, and of course our lovely audience!
I'm so glad!
Bout to just sleep cause I dont know what I'm gonna get myself into lolol
I just coined the phrase SplashZone for Rivers when he hits for "Three"
thanks! i got a lot of birthday facebooks, but a birthday tweet, thats a good friend
Happy New Year
Smoothie before class. Yummo. #hotday Dress, sunny, flats, smoothie. Great success for a day. (:
I didn't "get" Jandek until I took a bunch of Percocet while I had tonsillitis.
There's internet down there? RT : Just arrived at the ocean's deepest pt. Hitting bottom never felt so good. Can't wait to share
Watching Whitney Houston on The Preacher's Wife. No one can doubt her voice was a gift from God when hearing her sing "I Love the Lord."
you know I love you Cecilia <3
We're playing bottom of the hill at 9 PM!!!!
you all need to strongly consider your WNST affiliation, sth in Baltimore here and your organization is far better then theirs
Never been through there, but looked up a route that has some good old signs. Weather looks good, so fingers crossed!
#IAlwaysWonderIf ...i had the power to fly where would i go who would i see and where would i be .thoughts of a
No 'u' thought wrong cuz u Thought 'I' thought wrong! O_o
Wow this girl has words of wisdom, she must be a poet!:D
Photo of your look tomorrow?
Welcome Brian Czupresnki, our newest Tech II! Brian will be located out of our Northville office and report to Jim Parsons.
How was the rest of your weekend ?
I'm literally in heaven. I'm at Joanne and the whole Germanotta family is here minus :( but the rest are amazing :)
Watch shopping!
My bff doesn't want to go to the mall with me :'(
Hey guys and I are 5 subs away from 12.5K RT please?
#nercomp12 connectyard looks like it can access FB,Twitter,email,and allows texting all without accessing any of personal info
thanks! good luck out west....stay in touch
Asm. Block presenting AB 795 in GO to give UC, CSU and CCCs the ability to enforce existing smoking policies to create healthier campuses.
Watching the Bad Girls Club w/
Got in! Must be a burb.
Since he's defending the health law he's on everybody's side :)
❤ RT : Happy Birthday Rob! RT : BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG
Am I the only one that watches It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia? Because I feel like I am.
We're gathering Fan Cost Index information for the #NBA now... Look out for those numbers soon!
Griffin, GA school board sexual harassment hearing. OMG
a.k.a. Day of pissing pants and puking
Hi everyone:)
OK, you're making me all sentimental on the plane. THANK YOU!
I was supposed to go to sleep -_- crap. Im gonna look like a complete zombie tomorrow. Lmao
sounds like fun you ladies hitting the night life tonight?
Totally agree. Beautiful moon tonight.
Ah, slept in on my day off! Feels great =) gonna get some prints available on etsy soon
: need federated architectures for big data work, both for people and infrastructure
Lions and Cardinals and Bills will be moving up while the Vikings & Jaguars drop to replace them.
This bill signing is going to be like Thanksgiving dinner, tense and awkward. Except no one will be drunk -- maybe.
I refuse for this to NOT work out! This shit WILL happen! You WILL be proven WRONG!!
i tweet everything i feel and yet everything remains the same...=(
should have made a "ron arrest" that crazy elbow. mike tyson only one who enjoyed that
Kuchar still has a two stroke lead going into 18.
Ha Ha just saw a guy in pricey Malibu w/T-Shirt thats says "Econolodge" Must be from West Va or Kentucky?
Yes this is true as soon as I leave you misbehave, I am grounding you the second I return to the nati.
I'm a chunk, would you hire me? lol
I will make this the end of everything you've ever know.
Happy 18th Birthday
Money isn't everything, but it sure keeps the kids in touch.
dnt make me get andrew
What does tomorrow look like hope it will not be like today
M, I would love a refreshing beverage right now!
AWESOME U GOT A TWIITTTEE3RRR!!!!! dont worry u didnt get me in trouble!!:) haha
Rush chicken pineapple. It's a Filipino dish.
RT : Yay sunshine! Oh how I have missed you! {Me, too!!!}
Keep Brisket Bob!
if going back and forth to and from work every day isn't an act of non-musicology I don't know what is (not)!
"Cat predicts the deaths of 25 at a nursing home by showing affection before death" ..or cats pick on the elderly in a very harsh manner.
It takes a lot to be completely open and honest and let yourself feel things we usually protect ourselves from. This is acting.
YOU'RE A NATURAL ON TWITTER.
“: and NO im not a "hiphop head" ,”yes you are
haha thank you :)
What kind of activities? I don't know if I want it to keep track of ALL of them lol
PA-Thetic... RT : Brad Hawpe's batting average officially dropped to .100 with that foul pop out.
How can you tell an old person from a young person? An old person can sing and brush their teeth at the same time.
Say hello to my 4/2 wrkshp on how to foster Rigor, Relevance, Reflection in school. Use #3r2day Share an idea?
what to happen all of his "making the bands"? they were all so successful?? not!!
Sin is when we look at our options and say, “I can either glorify God or choose what think I need to be happy." ()
Sounds like: Jibe/gibe/jive. Jibe means to be in agreement (it's also a nautical term); gibe means to taunt; jive means insincere.
Great panel at #OAH2012: touches on the copyright issues around hate mail sent to Civil Rights Movement activists.
I just admitted something to my wife that she apparently already knew: I have a crush on Taylor Swift.
yeah I was there
It disturbing wen a parent says to there child " damn u got big "..well where the hell YOU been?
That awkward moment when you wake up at 3am and think........"Where is my pillow?"
All a nigga want is some head mayne....
Hey! Look forward to following.
BFF: My only support in the real World :)
10 days until the 2012 National Sports Forum in OKlahoma City, OK! Which breakout sessions are you most looking forward to?
just received my copy of 660 Curries and a sprouting jar lid :-) I can't wait to dig into this cookbook.
Thanks to Kerry for the great lesson!
yep-- I helped create the concept back in August of 2011!
What is up with all the C and E Christiand
When im irritable, Every little thing pisses me off.
Maybe the flooding Mississippi River was on ur mind...as in what u need in case of a flood. lol
and yall call me weird
Secret recipe sorry
Also? How & why does someone owe flan?
Did not think I'd see and in the same place. Perhaps thanks to the bros? Word.
As long as no one is looking it's all good.
You guys are scary! Trust me, we have!(; Everyone we could!!
nothing fooo how is u dorin?
I'm really happy for you. Congrats! Cheers to forever.
You going to take it? Not ATL is it?
The Current Analysis #EC12 Wrapup - OJ Winge, Cisco Message was Collaboration technology starts with user experience.
My, I wonder who that is. hahah You looking the mirror or something?
Once you say you're going to settle for second, that's what happens to you in life.
This episode looks like the male version of the The View. Name calling bla bla bla! Theres No Crying in Baseball! C'mon Men!
pure hazel or brilliant blue! Come try a sample!
Skill Share Fair was such a success! And goodbye bonding with SLAers and friends was awesome!
#DavidStern :/ ": ________ forces Game 7 tonight. #Bulls #Hawks #Nuggets"
I show love to any and everybody looks too short to be out here hating n ish
keep ur head up girl I loved u on teen mom 2 love ya girl
just got home. Whoa 🍸
#socent went well! lots of rev modeling work. turns out for-profit/non-profit budgets are only off by 1 line item:grants.
Cool, thanks
Laughing out loud- watching Ricky Gervais - Out of England Stand Up Special...
Settling in for what could be my last night at the door. Weird feeling!
hi how are you?
bases loaded game tied at 3 , middle of the 5th... #TCU making a pitching change
You're welcome! Yes, totally different experience but equally rich. Keep in touch.
Shouldn't it be called CitiField butter now?
can i Iet go in you? Its about time.
ALL WE ARE IS DUST IN TH E WIND TO SOME PEOPLE!!!!!!!!! THATS ALWAYS A THANK YOU?DON'T YOU THINK?
check out Thank me after you stop laughing ;)
I'm not going to sleep til you follow me & my BFF @ Leigh0320 (remove the space)
Bynum is lazy!! Lol trade that nigga,for a better big man. The Lakers should not be losing.
LMAO! Kurt's favorite!
I've noticed a lot of #cue12 attendees with iPads. Seems like everybody has one!
I dunno, feels like there's a rapture every couple of months nowadays.
You rock...How do I become a Pokemon master?
Just heard our new commercial on the radio!
Heading off to Most Admired Companies, CEOs & Brands event. Fingers crossed for Eastern Bank.
I really do feel it has become this more complex art form. I've seen so many great ones. Cinemagraph has some breathtaking work.
another Roy Williams but a few more catches
At the movies <3 and we only snuck in one thing lol
List to us on Pandora! check us out!
No, we're cheap and thus about a season behind on all pay cable channel content.
"You are bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God's."~1 Corinthians 6:20
A new blog is coming today from ! Stay tuned! AND a new shirt should be on the site soon!
poppin at baker st. pub....live music setting up
Debate after the panel with etal. Who do you trust to curate up&coming fiction? Who are the gatekeepers now, rly?
84% of Public History programs have no coursework online.
MacScripter / Count Characters, Words And Paragraphs In Any Mac ...
Listening to & his family speak! Every time Bill says WILLOW it's like a warm familiar greeting! Willow forever changed my life!
RT : Almost the freakin' weekend! Be safe and listen to good music, please.
Thanks Jennifer!
I don't know, devany IS the one who left sweet ole Texas. Meanwhile Lauren's supporting the tx economy!
#lieswetell It's not you, its me!
Great Win AVS!!
There are 2 choices to me. You either BE REAL, or don't talk to me, & that's final.
thanks :) have we met at a refresh or something? I can’t remember if we have or not
Indeed. Barring injury, STL should be a force in the playoffs.
so jealous that you're in Napa! Are going to visit
Bring it tomorrow like the Valley of the Dry Bones
Wednesday afternoon and I'm pushing forward on a plan that doesn't have funding yet. Looking to find a way to create wealth w/o capital
How many Laker fans out there would seriously buy a World Peace jersey?
you da best!
Still hurts wtf ;(
#supportlocalmusic 3 song bocks of local/mainstream bands. Plus 2 new songs from Fantastic Planet. Stop by, share
Give that neck a good work out LOL
#UWM Rick Costello athletic director steps down
Moomonday and drink the kool aid
Comedy show this Sunday @ Starlight
Stocks decline further ahead of closing bell. Key avgs down 1 to 2 pct.
I just burped up vodka ! WTF
that's a bet if y'all need me just holla
lol at jared tweet
Check out tonight at 9pm right after Glee! writes on it, it's funny, charming!
If you can't be yourself in front of him. Why be with him.?
Have a great event today!!!
I'm soo 2 tell u but i am actually Sammi's biggest fan!
one thing in your life goes right. There is always somthing that makes it go bad.
Thank you 😘 ": Happy Mothers day ”
Thanks for talking with Jessica., I hope her music works for you.
aww thanks Amanda!
Looking back on the last 10 years of my life, I realize how crazy good it has been.
I went back and took a look at that Futurist classic - Up-Wingers by F.M. Esfandiary. The copyright is 1973. I guess the future is here.
"Just ring it up with the dong tea."
: Your problems can only be solved by JESUS, and the best thing you can do today is to give all your problems to Him.
I need someone to love:)
Ephesians 3:20 Now to him who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine, according to his power that is at work within us.
Life is Good. :)
We just passed Crowley Creek! Where's Adam Green!
lol! My little cousins are scared of the girl when she becomes a blurberry xD
#movieswerebestwhen...the story was more important than how big of an actor starred in it.
home. I'll remove his address, because of what you said, but solving violence with violence is Never the answer.
please follow me
Hey Teapublicans, me paying Medicare and SS taxes for decades is not an "entitlement". Stop trying to kill the middle class for your profit
Climax - Usher, thats my song.
Just for Twitter Followers: Get 15% off ALL Galerina jewelry until the end of June. Use code: Twitt15 at checkout.
oh okay well right now we got a sale on all the hats btw when you come in show me your following us better late than never
these street sweepers are more than welcome to take the night off whenever.
stop it bad girl! (sext me some pics!)
Ohmygod boo? Who says that! And yes they are the lyrics and what's a "that's not even the lyric"
#BERNIE is rockinG.The little movie that could! has cume over $500k on limited release. Per screen avg is >$6k
such a cool shot...... WOW I COULD NEVER DO THAT... NEVER.... nice job for a great cause!!!
Missed call from Joc.
If you're listening to then Tweet us right now with your favorite songs from his Midnight Mix on !
Nightmares really suck! It was really freaking scary!
girl please come back from the place that you hide(; </3
Hey DC College baseball team standing in the lobby with me...yes i will submit to your ways! #GayBoyDream!
I have a challenge create a propheciding prayer over your business in 2009
But that line was huge, and could move everyone. I'd say it was a difference in scheme. Zone vs. Man.
Gotta love tuna and chicken alfredo
Kroger Community Rewards offers a great way to show your support for homeless pets. Simply visit the Kroger Community Rewards website,...
I wish every day was negro day
not surprising considering he was their MVP last year “: Former Texans WR Jacoby Jones has been meeting with the Ravens today
All that in a bag of chips
making tosadas for dinner tonight. watching Top Chef makes me hungry but doesn't improve my skills at all!
Hey there friends. Long time no see.
the Lord's supper & the movie... This will be my first viewing... Thought I would cry w a crowd
Thanks for the #FF mention!
Do you require mouth to mouth for the choking sir ?
right on
I still haven't set up coaching resistant teachers hangout as promised; I'll work on that&UBD hangout #educoach sign of busy end of yr:)
one of my favorite bands back in middle school:)
The Age of Mass Production in Age of Homespun clothing. Scratch the surface and the real character is revealed underneath.
of ourse i remember u cant forget a short girl like u jaja jk
The NBA doesn't promote Kobe Bryant the way it promotes other stars (especially Lebron James). But there isn't a better player in the world.
I've had a few hours to think about it and I conclude that I'm not a fan of the Peggy-handy in last night's MadMen. Seems out of character.
Good times with my Golden Girls :)
#yobitv For the record, the doughnuts were good. *burp*
no george
I can never sleep ! Oh well
already am following you (:
More FREE tickets coming your way students! Be on the look out today and the rest of this week!
Now I remember why I quit drinking coffee.
#HurricaneIrene Predicted to strengthen to 120MPH Before Landfall
Broken Social Scene is getting me through my day. It's been too long!
and onto movie #5! happy cinco de mayo....
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought it was stupid, now... :-)
Costa Rica till further notice!
U are What u eat
Aha wsup awkward.
Beautiful night in Vegas! Taking the puppies for a walk!
If there isn’t a price to my sin - if there isn't any pain - I don’t change.
Problems are only opportunities in work clothes.
Oh...well...he took some aspirin. Hopefully that will help.
also fun Trekkie saysings like: "A Ferengi without profit is no Ferengi at all."
Thank you!
Right on, "Big Hair" comes out in paperback June 5, if you haven't snagged yerself a copy yet...
Getting my hair and make up done by my girlss! :) <3
Hey, thanks for all the great questions. It's a lot more fun with an interactive audience.
Excited to host the festivities at this morning with
I'm at Hopkins and I just forwarded this to my contacts at School of Ed here. Had no idea CSOS was doing this. DK if they do.
This is my 666th tweet. #Markofthebeast !!
hum Not sure if we have anything right now, but the wish hard enough and one will be here :)
Pictures of her daughter's body gets only a few tears while talk about Casey's poor pitiful childhood has her boohooing?
Wow. Looks like he's trying to tell you something.
Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
Thank you VERY much for adding me to your playlist! Very honored!!
No one will ever be able to understand my love for One Direction. Literally
Maybe instead of golf I should peruse a rap career.
Nice of you to thank Canzano but he'll turn his back on you the minute he needs a story. Not a good man to trust!
Lights out! Paws up!
Can't wait! Miss you muchos!
How do you like Central Bark and what is the cost? I'm so busy at times I don't have time to give my 'pup' her proper play time.
Congrats to al the Golden Globe nominees and good luck.
Thursday in Olympia, Friday in Portland! To all of our southernly friends, join us.
I kinda hate you so much right now. We should hang out today so Gabby and I can mooch off your Pita card ;)
Peavy=AL Pitcher of the Month!!
Oohh..love the southern life! Wasabi Fried Chicken with homemade mashers...jalapenos on top and gravy. Fresh Ice Tea please!
A guy only dates girls from Staten Island - a girl pretends to be from there just to woo him. Find out more Aug. 12, 8pm at UCB LA
What's the link to?
On a roll after winning the MU Biz Plan Competition...nearing the end of private beta!
I still need to take my shower smh
Happy President's Day from Ameba Marketing!
's new album Trespassing is #52 on pop chart on US iTune. It's only been available for 30 minutes! Yay, go Glamberts!
RT RT : The conference this year in NOLA is going to be full of productivity & fun. Are you going?
Your freaking skin will start to freakin boil.
hahahaha YES! Was just about to see if anyone was watching.
I wonder how much $ you wasted promoting this tweet so that it would end up in my feed
Why be someones something, when you can be someones everything?..
Forever alone
Thursday after 6? News Bar? Let's catch up.
Quick answer: no. :-) But of course some books are better reads than others. No one says you have to read them all...
Just blaze man
I hate getting up early!
Missing #umwdrag right now. And my internet is too slow to even get #ds106radio :(
you bring a whole new meaning to the word edible.
Not weird at all. Dan looks like a goofy lawyer in that photo. looks like a goofy lawyer 24/7.
My thoughts exactly ;-) RT How could I possibly b expected to handle work on a day like this? Word to Ferris Bueller.
my prayers go out to ....I love you bestie<3 get better!! Please RT...she is in the hospital right now.
Omg i love bacon
Cheesie's Pub & Grub is supporting anti-bullying play The Rock & The Ripe on Sunday, May 6. Enjoy grilled cheese and $4 drinks!
God is so beautiful and mighty!<3 I.A.N.A.T.D.
I'm not a
Too much fun with woo #bestfriends #teamSIX😉☝
They talked about UTEP on ESPN!! I'm soo proud :D
real laughing shit be funny
what's up dude
This is my 200th tweet.
Life is to short to NOT go #camping. Check out our offers! $150 off now.
70% of college students don't know the over the limit fees
Safe travels.
you will get another rematch :)
yes I already knew that but that's fine. I liked perry anyways
What's goin on , you good??
I'm in soo much pain all over!!
When my grandma talks about her dying <<< 😣
I'm feeling the same way! Working on gathering photos this morn for our wedding slideshow; so many amazing memories together!
Loving in Encinitas!! Neighbor is babysitting! Hub&I out!
4. When you hear someone say never, yell loudly, "I WILL NEVER SAY NEVER!"
Almost 100 followers :)
Welcome to #kenowhere glad you have arrived
Just got your "Save The Date" in the mail! Love the pics of you and Daniel-nice job wearing your cowboy boots!
Anytime (: I'm good, thanks :D
Most over-tattooed body area is:______
WTF lol I'm not following you? My twitters fcked up right now so I can't tell??
You are a victim of your own mind.
