honestly San Andreas was my favorite I beat that ish so many times now my game freezes haha
Yeah, me too! He's doing a great job under the rim this year! My favorite is Dion Waiters.
Only 1 booking left Oct 15th. Mark your Calendars 4 this Event Passion Parties by Treco @ Sweet Tooth Desert Bar- Atlanta, GA. Dec. 2, 2011
RT : These cookies better not give me the shits *made me actually lol*
I got new album yesterday. Been on repeat ever since!
Bill are you coming to the game at Kiski School today? 3 pm tip.
Now playing: Back to This by The Helio Sequence
Amen. RT : I hate couple facebooks!
Wow can't believe Phoenix is on the brink of eliminating Nashville! Really don't want to see the NHL owned Coyotes go any farther...
I swear Pacer fans getting unfollowed tonight... Oh wait I don't know any Pacer fans
Never been to Durham have you?
What else is new? RT : still stinky at tooting - northern misery not stopping
<3 no problem
yeah! It's dumb. They all have their little groups and then I'm just like well...
Have you seen our other party rental company? www.kidzonepartyrentals.com
New promotions coming soon!
yes, he be snapping
Steak tartare at the Ringside Fish House, blood orange margarita at Oba two great things in this city.
RT : . takes a break from the set to promote We snapped this behind-the-scenes shot:...
LOL. I'm guessing there's money to be made.
all the teaching us history news that s fit to tweet. Right here
Come on #networkTV, grow some balls! Use the B word or don't use the B word, just stop using B! It's not the same as Bitch!
Please be at the line at the NE corner of LSP by 4:00 to pick up your tickets. Bring ID. Get a member card in line if you lack 1
Trying to figure out how to eat snap pees is the equivalent of trying to figure out how to turn rocks into mashed potatos.... Ridiculous!
#YouKnowTheresAProblem When your dorm room bed feels like heaven.
Don't miss talking with the guys over at Primetime tonight at 5:30pm PT.
You bet! Enjoy the show. They will be at will call, but you know the drill.
nothing wrong with chocolate for lunch, or dinner or snack...
Every weekend I look forward to reading 's Sunday notes column. One of the best out there.
Okay let me know when your in town.
I find the S3 soundtrack is perfect for when you're in the mood to drop your ship into the atmosphere and jump out.
my Friday is tomorrow too!!! 
By definition a bubble leads to malinvestment, so if we're in one, it does matter.
Follow myjob!! An amazing accessory boutique! You will find nothing like it! :)
Things are going GOOD !
If #Love (God) speaks something 2 u, then it IS what it IS..... Your only obligation is 2 keep ur #faith. Don't make it any harder 4 urself
Lol my mom likes to make my dog mad
Lenovo Continues to Speed Up PC Boot, Start Times with Enhanced Experience 3 - MarketWatch (press release)
“: Kanye West actually seems like a nice guy.” hey now...
Quote of the day by Horizon’s Jeffrey Michael, “We’re a sue first, ask questions later kind of an organization”. Huh?
Morning Dave! What are you and Austin up to today?? :)
If you're not willing to pay the price for your goals and dreams, then you will pay the price for mediocrity
OH @ work, "I'm lactose intolerant & getting on a red-eye flight so I'll be asleep & that STILL didn't stop me from having ice cream cake!"
Incredible effort by everyone today in the eating contest and had to go into a three person 2 min overtime! Jack squeezed out a win by 2 pcs
how lovely, Rachel. I'm totally honoured to be on your list with such great women - including my hero, SdB!
Cheers to cast at Bohemian Beer Garden! Come join us.
I will do that, movie do the books justice? Thanks, tragedy and I just pray he makes it through okay. How's your week?
What are you doing today as a result of #EdCampColumbus? What was your Monday takeaway?
RT : I may go eyeliner 4 my nxt management mtg. Eyeliner could B the power tie of ths decade. Or the next pink slip.
And thank you for hosting the forum today for the #ArtPlace Vibrancy Indicators. Loved the exchange. Staff notes already exhanged.
Intrigued by basketball movie, that's a film I've got to figure out how to get an audition for lol.
St. Patrick's day, we try & be Irish for the day by drinking, what do they do in Ireland this day? Go to Church... shouldn't we follow suit!
"Want to go out?" "I have a boyfriend" "I have a math test tomorrow" "And?" "Oh, I thought we were naming things we could cheat on."
time to look there then! lol
silver Duncans Spurs are in town.. Go Spurs go
If you love something, let it go. If it comes back, it was meant to be. If it does not, hunt it down & kill it....
MOM ALWAYS SAID if you don't want to wake up alive in your grave regretting and crying don't sleep with anybody's husband or wife.
Sounds like it's based on the BBC show - in which a real life millionaire surprises people in need?
It's 1020 and I need a drink. #signsits timetorethinkmyjob
Everyone made me laugh today. Great day!
Moebius has passed away. His work was a big influence on me as a young wanna-be artist.
TY and the same to you! Trying to get down !
You know, good freaking out. :)
#ImSexyAndIKnowIt cuz your girl told me
thanks for checking it out!!!
thank you for the tweet! It was a great lecture!
Good night! Gunna b up in like 5 hours for a full day of studying! !!
Due to HIPPA laws, shouldn't rescue vehicles remove lights, sirens and reflective tape, so neighbors aren't privy to your medical emergency?
your not by yourself
Beautiful Sister, do you see yourself the way God sees you?
#IDidntTextYouBack because you're asking fifty questions that has NOTHING to do with me, you, or what we're talking about.
RT Had an amazing workout! 😰😃 >> 4 words that go together so well!! yeah 4 KIM
Decisions made out of fear can make a bad situation deadly. Don't argue or fight w the police. Let ur lawyer point it out later!
“Life is the dancer and you are the dance.” ― Eckhart Tolle
i'm tweeting from the orthodontist chair ;)
got home. let's text?
We are asking all suppoters to wear a plain white T-shirt.
REMINDER, Today only!!20% OFF your purchase of: meat, grocery, produce and pastries...come in and shop at one of our 3 locations
you got some rum in that coke
Who's idea was it to give 100 youth campers PorkNBeans for dinner?
that's hilarious!
Love it up there. My parents live on the NY side of Lake Champlain. Enjoy
shut up. I win
I am so proud and happy for and you guys chase your dreams. Your going to be big one day Inshallah♥
um, Yuck...im a vegetarian now
bfhebghegbevfalqbvfbtgwibvwubtwpmbnbgwjibgnkwenfdsnfbfndsnbfdkbgk i love u so much that im baffled <3
If I can't afford I buy used or borrow from library
Thanks. Hope you were able to enjoy the sun!
Get on Badgercare and get it treated RT : Somehow I got a zit on my shoulder? Fuckin', Scott Walker!!
Wow...you have many cats. So happy! At least you know where it is, but i don't know. -_-
In my pjs. Waiting for Nyla to get out of school so I can finish my hair.
I've lost five pounds.
Why does Canada keep all the Coffee Crisps for themselves? DAMN YOU, NORTHERN ARCTIC BRETHREN!
Chris Kreider penalty.
you have had helped tremendously in the lives of teens!Thank u 4 ur dedication! Check out www.thecn.con & c if it can help!
Interesting news! MT : uploads at #FTDNA in next 4-6 weeks for ~$50 (via Bennett Greenspan)
I got something for you I found! You are going to trip out when I get it to you!
It's game time! Go VCU! :)
I'm a paralegal. Don't you work at Target? You hate your job don't you? Yeah that's what I thought. What are you doin with your life?-My Mom
you better!
Soccer - tickets for US Men's Soccer games in Florida go on sale March 1 !!
I love how everyone in 's house runs and hides when there's a knock at the door.
Wanted like Minded Folks that Wants More for yourself,And family! :-)
That awkward moment when you think someone was waving at you, so you wave back, then play it off like you were just scratchng your head.
Ahahah i hope prays for mahomies in North Carolina because there is one coming my way :(
Goodbye G-Rap. Love your style, love your smile.
Jump then Fall
follow me back? :)
happy birthday!
Hi Genevieve :) Thanks for finding me and for the follow :)
amazing job on the show #OutlawEmpires!! Can't wait for #SOA to start again!!
Oh yeah...SUMMER JAM IS BACK! JULY/21/CONSOL ENERGY CENTER! HMU FOR DETAILS!!!
well if we're bringing parents into this then I just know your mom would love to know of your 420 activities :P
MT : "This is My Jam": Brilliant idea, needs _way_ more music choices. Took me seven tries. Mind you, Mingus = always good.
success is what you put into your own future. Don't thank me yet, were almost there.......
Halftime here D B Milne Field.... 11. Fresno St 0!!!
alright sounds good
But when I get you to myself you know what's going down
ah C: its so cute;P
what about me asshole
Another update, "they are changing our motor. To give you a timeframe, well I can't do that". Thanks
Just made it into San Antonio! Speech for #GFOA at 8:30 a.m.
Wake and bake. :)
Sometimes you have to give up on people. Not because you don't care, but because they don't.
I go by the motto of "do one thing a day that scares you" - posting the blog with my progression pics and numbers scared the crap out of me
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "SHIPWRECK" to the bartender and your first drink is free. Mahalo
Although this is a day of great celebration WI did lose 2 great Senators. Thank you Senators Kapanke & Hopper for standing up for my future!
this entire story is really incredible
It Worked! Thanks!(:
that and blue streak I love that movie
I'm wide awake.
Shep's taking your calls on the Lions draft. Lots of love for Ryan Broyles over the weekend. Thumbs up or Thumbs down? 248.848.1130.
": Wow then you look good probably than your age." Ty Ơ̴̴͡.̮Ơ̴̴̴͡
Thanks Zuzanna! Much appreciated!
Elise and Eddy will be the death of me!
She would be in the gym with me.
Before Wednesday is over, Welcome:
Just finished watching my favorite series of movies...Pirates of the Caribbean. You gotta love Jack Sparrow.
Congrats on then new job. You will have to visit us sometime. You can just stop on your way up to Pop!
The Jayhawks may have lost last night, but they had a better season than was predicted. What moment of this season was your favorite?
listening to dreamchaser 2 every track is the same song lol meek mill aint as good as you think until he puts that talent to use.
We need 70 more followers to get to 200!!(: and make sure you also follow .. They follow back!!:D
Autumn = awesome! Pumpkin Painting n' fresh-popped corn today. 4-8 pm in the Village.
May you taste the sweetest pleasures that fortune ere bestowed, and may all your friends remember all the favors you are owed. -Irish toast
Thank You Beth! You Rock!!
You can dm now man . I cant dm you my twitter is trippin
Why do conservative conferences always involve cruise to Caribbean? Sounds like Elder Hostel tour. Give me Buenos Aires or Fez.
Whaahoo! Great mood
Thanks Charter. Freaking biggest baseball series of the year and your HD digital feed in Wausau is crap.
If I never went on twitter Matt Kemp never would have hit that home run.
Not yet. Miami hols first! :-) Heather and Seth are organizing good-bye bash for me on the 20th I think. Will you be around?
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I miss my ex boyfriend
slice of lemon, cover it in angostura burgers. Bite into it and leave for 10 seconds. Trust me, works every time.
Congrats. It was awesome to see one of my favorite shows win.
Idk what to do with myself
So is following me now... That's it. That's the joke. I'll do better next time.
girl what da hell u going thru?
finally **flips hair** sumone understands me **flips hair nd rolls eyes**
what happen to in philippines
thought you were just on the production side of things...
you want to come in and workout at jis tomorrow?
Hahaha be sneaky like a ninja!!!
You are as real as your hair extensions.
u stay doin that anyway
#PXYSJ: & far. Another superstar announcement with tomorrow!
Although ONCE UPON A TIME was never bad, I had sorta grown tired of the show. Now is the time to give it a second look before Fall.
remember when you used to tweet fans
Hey, your momma is a porpoise! ABC News talking about dolphin bullies.
Oh, shit! Proof that I'm an O.G. hipster.
Such awesome news :) This one will be in this history books.
“: Not putting a case on your iPhone #YOLO”
it was good! :)
I have a necklace of the face symbol it's so badass!
Time to march!
smh I'm saying tho they heard all of it too. dude workin pissed I bet he really thought he was whispering lol
glad your pic wasn't from inside that hole!
i don,t hate italy but i was not born there my mom and dad was born there
thanks for hanging with me.
What day are you moving?(:
merry christmas ♥ Night
GIRLS:If you think your the best,hottest,prettiest wel then i think your UGLY. What makes a girl beautiful? A beautiful heart
if you ever come to my job you would think its a all girls school they dont do nothing but bitch and fuss all day
LOVE! Happy Friday!
#jeandujardin killing it on the red carpet!
Feels like the Badgers really hit a new gear yesterday. Hope the Pack can do the same today!
Get out there and get moving!
May 22nd "SCR" Will Be Performing Live at Kennywood Park @ 1pm! So Come Down and Enjoy Great Rides & Good Music !
burger achieved at Off Site Kitchen, good luck with your burger journey :)
the things we do. It's just crazy. This is why we're bestfriends. (: Love you. <3
its fine. I feel so bad for her!!:((
I just saw it... very cool my friend. I like the 2 guitars! :o)
Was able to get Row L for Dream Theater after trying a different card. Black Clouds and Silver Linings today...
what about that one from Jekyll and Hyde?
At the end of the first half in Philly its Mammoth 10 - Wings 7.
THAT WAS A NASTY DUNK!
starring Ryan gosling?
when will you be back?!?
because, I love ME
First Day And Last On The Job As Ad Copy Writer: “New Irish Spring…Like A Swift Kick In The Balls.”
Future got them hooks 2chainz got them verses they should collab RT : Future or 2chainz? Who's better and why?
please pittsford close your schools...I don't wanna go to dance tonight
#JustRememberThat I would've waited for you, your little 16 year old floosy won't.
What did Soulja Boy really tell em?
Morning...I passed my portfolio I am gonna graduate
Wish I was there to enjoy the day with you, Doc! Hope you hit them well!
yes, dear, it is. I should finish around 5 your time
Maybe they were doing a practice run to make sure all Super Bowl planning activities go smoothly next week.
Im prolly the only one pullin for the Spurs lol.
It feels good outside.
wow jamelle they are REALLY coming out of the woodwork; so frustrating but also so revealing.
I enjoyed having at the Congressional Forum. Great down-to-earth guy! 2 bad he's a Dem LOL.
FDR's "S.O.B." was Anastasio Somoza García of Nicaragua who ruled from 1936 until his assassination in 1956.
Done. See, Twitter is bringing people together! :)
Ai shite imasu (Japanese) I love you
“: Hey have you ever noticed the word bed looks like a bed!?” first hunter will fuck your bitch. Then educate her.
Dear uk haters, we are super man and you are kryptonit. You try to bring us down but yall never succeed.
Stead of a murderer of lil' darlins, how 'bout maker of elegant word machines? Your job? Remove xtra parts, recycle if possible.
Cheryl Trujillo board member Zanbeelart interviews South Asian American Art Festival 2008, artist participant Siona Benjamin.
Finally back in America and on our way home. What a great trip to start off a summer full of vacations!
Yeah, you got it! Nice job!
"And you'd be happy as hell to get a record deal, maybe a soul you'd sell to have Mass Appeal" R.I.P.
You smile. I smile. 🎤
Scoring plays, big plays and final score.
true story!
Ah i love my bestfriend<3
My 2 simple sanity requests for the day: I need 20 minute to finish the book #borntorun and then I need 1 hr to go for a run.
you put the @ sign and then their username.
I remember it was the one from Ghostbusters. Guess I forgot the name of the song! Thought I had it. Underrated soundtrack.
It's an experience!
teh don't forget the sunblock!
I'm going to hate myself in about 6 hours...
Was there a shortage of artists tonight?
Imma have to ask that if u subtweet me @ me kmsl !!!!! I totally just caught rasheeda 's subtweet from like 9 hours ago 😂😂😂😂
I need a fucking gas mask Everytime I walk by that place
wooohooo! Welcome back!
(c) you should go with the charge. its been out for a while, and it's going to be discontinued and outdated soon.
Good luck with your project
I referred Joyce Paisley Photography to your site this week. She loves it! You should have received an email from her.
Smfh ... & it starts all over again
I could go for a right about now! been craving one for days
Men who have class know what they want .. <3
Is it weird that I've never drank Jameson?
Dancing with the Stars is on right now!Woahh new season!
I'm also a hair stylist.... Hehe love yew...
Getting ready for the Tigers game. We'll find out if Fister really is that good and our defense has to be better tonight. Let's go #Tigers!
Virtue is really a cultural phenomenon. The virtues of some are the vices of other.
people come and go, we shouldn't dwell in the past but move on with our lives. Things always happen for a reason.
srsly, how annoying would it be if every time you touched your phone, someone on the other end touched back?! cc/
looks like it's back to Lincolnwood Town Center. Can't find the watch! :( UGH UGH UGH! :(
I wanna go to 's book tour for #thefamegame in Naperville but I can't!!! :(
Twitter followers: Receive 25% off any one item in store by using code phrase "I shop local!" during purchase. Deal good thru 11/30/11.
My mom sent me meat in the mail for Easter. My mom is the best mom.
That moment when u n ur mate laying in the bed n u pass gas quietly n u put ur head under the cover to c if it smell lol
Shake it up baby now, twist n shout ;)
if you were a booger, i'd pick you first.
Every man's dream is to be able to sink into the arms of a woman without also falling into her hands.
W.yeldahgoods.com. happy international beer day.
you've still got a little while.
lol working for under armour apparently. As if getting off the plane was that important. Jackass
not tonight
Pay phone is my new song
Now you're just somebody that I use to know 🎤
Bristol, TN, here we come :-)
The bruins are getting a lot of pent up anger tonight.
CHRISTEL SHALL BE OOVOOED AT MY NEXT HOUSE SHOW!
What me and are making isn't fair
Thanks GOTG! Hope to see your stilettos and flats at The Red Rabbit soon. Cocktails, anyone?
EVERYONE. IS. DATING. STOP IT GUYS
"Hey did you bring enough breasts for the rest of the class?"
And w/ a female presidential candidate RT The largest general election campaign in the history of Mexico, starts tomorrow
They have not. I'd like to believe that I'm a very special snowflake, thank you very much :P
I warned E when he left on a trip to SF not to come home a coffee snob. His first text from the city: "I'm a coffee snob"
First home game is tomorrow. Come out and support at University Stadium against Texas Tech. TV: The Mtn/6PM MST
#ALA2011 RE: Google+ points out that according to Google+ TOS users must be age 18 and older - 18+ which is same TOS for Gmail
I think it has potential to be an image problem for the program. Easy for schools to negative recruit agaisnt
luck? fate? "who to follow" list? dnt really know.
Back on my time. I just finished a 3.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Brownies are done!
It's Pay Drrrrroooooo
no food, what am I gonna do?!
Want to know why I'm cool? Because i told myself i was at a young age.
Right back at you!
Thanks! Oddly, my fave place is San Francisco is also called Coffee Bar. No relation, but great food, coffee & workspace.
that wouldn't have happened to
Stomach flu or food poisoning? Trying to decide :-/
My only dream is that yours never come true.
y'all gone learn!!!
my media lit course is gonna be the bestest this semester, thanks in part to inspiration from
Tattoo my name on you if you dumb as hell..cause that shit dont mean shit to me. I mean, you aint shit but a dick to me.
: Tweetin about bein alone on Happy Valentines Day is why youre alone on Valentines Day. Insecurity isnt attractive. Be bold
thanks for networking!
: see ya around 7pm my brother.
Damn i want to go to a Pacers game so i can watch LeBron play!
Treating myself to some web site design this morning.
I didn't believe you until I looked it up on my cell phone. You were right.
the long two, when by design, seems terrible because most likely could have gotten a higher EV 3pt shot.
cause i may be bad but im perfectly good at it. ;)
#followfriday an amazing band from Virginia Beach, VA. If you want a new song for the weekend... check out their single "Daylight"
Thanks for the RT
No worries. Just wanted to let you know.
oh... Stay. Lol
No dessert and no wine?!? All sounds a bit convenient
everything that happens in romanow's class <<<
Hey! Yeah we should defiantly :D
gotta love Moms
Greetings on Lazarus Saturday! May God help us all prepare to be resurrected as he was! Lord, help us.
I'll tell you, I just can't wait for Apple's education announcement next week, even if it's already after everyone's semesters have started.
Watching What A Way to Go! (1964).... One of my all-time favorite movies!
Just picked up at O'Hare! Ready to rock #Chicago tonight at 7:30pm!
If your hungry for burgers there is simply no place better then BDW's for dinner
Vectorworks at #aia2012 May 17-19th. Come by booth #2009 and see our new products!!!!
People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity.
Spoke this afternoon to USSEA in Parkersburg to discuss school service employee issues. Steak Fry fundraiser tonight for Glen Dale Baseball
Okay see you guuurrl...Twerk that Party! ;) Congrats - what a gig!
Every summer, Carlee Guthrie celebrates her birthday with a customized cake depicting a swirling hurricane, crafted from colorful icing.
Samsung pulling away from Apple in smartphone market
So leave me and my wonderfully amazing boobs/nipples alone! LOL
you do? :3 thanks. but why? .__.
That was a Devil Wears Prada reference, and I will spend tomorrow undercover(s).
That's the story of the game. No forced fumbles or INTs. We need some defensive momentum if we want to pull this out.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🏩
Can we all just acknowledge that everyone looks like a moron when they are clapping. No one comes off as an especially intelligent clapper
YOUR SCARING ME.
Yr so funny! Guessing this has somethig to do with this wonderful Spring rain?
#SportingKC cauldron is amazing tonight...goodbye Colorado!
thanks for the follow!
your voice is amazing
RT : Buffett on PE investing: I think it's more interesting to buy businesses to keep rather than to sell
SNL kind of Saturday night!
"Nothing is work unless you'd rather be doing something else." - George Halas.
Im Stuck.
CSS Jax is looking for an Accounts Payable Rep $11-$13 an hour. www.contemporarystaffing.com
There's a lot of shit in the past I wouldn't mind changing, but on the bright side I learned from all that shit.
"Every man dies. Not every man really lives." ~William Ross Wallace
OH YEAH. Kay..
so precious!
coming to Love4Haiti! All sales will be donated.
Good morning, #Portland!
: I guess you really must be upset if you cursed after attending church. So... hello & wish you a great day! lol
Up early jammin to this jeezy
We have a few main topics in today's chat. #Q1 - Audience expectations of online & on-site experiences. #Q2 - connectors.
 Palm Sunday! #PraiseGOD!
Finally home and getting into my own bed... Think I'm sleeping in... Night Everyone!
Love is the best thing in the world. ❤
do tell! I've been curious
Want us to come to a town near you?? let us know where
Pompa: must ensure equality of access and maintain title I and I funding.
Haha yup yup I see you up too! Fist tap
Every boat owner should read this! Last summer we watched with tears in eyes as a tuber tore up our glassy bay for hours!
I never realized how cheesy teachers posters can be..
What a workout!!! Many sore muscles today! Changed up my routine.....Change is good but OUCH!
lol better get on ya passport game try and catch up
The toilet roll war - Stratford Star The toilet roll war Stratford Star Why not just string Christmas lights around it next time? Married
Most of the wives of white male #comic book artists/writers I know are pretty cool human beings.
I think all chairs in cafe's and fastfood resturants are that bad! You need to bring your own pillows to sit in them!
Jus stapled my finger.
Where does the time go..
would you ever go skydiving?
I'm still happy.
Thanks @*DeLiGhT*
The more I listen to album Insides, the more I truly appreciate the continuity of it.
Classes r over!! #schoolsout 2nite come vibe @ the venue w/
I'm stop smoking
Warning zach that is my Chochalte cake on the counter !! Touch it I'll kill yu
"Sometimes it's more important to be human than to have good taste." ~BERTOLT BRECHT Hope you had a great holiday, have an even greater day!
The Spurs opened the second season looking rested and healthy, beating the Utah Jazz 106-91 on Sunday afternoon at the AT&T Center.
I hate when people respond to an email without actually addressing any of the points/questions you asked.
I think that cleanse will help! We just need to find one more person.
Totally in love with that owl Dakota. I'd steal him too. And kiss him. And love him. And get sick to my stomach as he regurgitates mice..
Careful! Monkey's Paw hears that kind of talk and you'll be on the other side of the wall. >_<
Im so bored. omfg.
did you really have to cry?
#IfITellYou You'd Wish I'd Never Told You.
do u think that's a good or bad thing?
Seeing the crowd for the show going on now is just freaking awesome!
Another day of racing. Criterium today.
Wednesday Sean Special...free blowdry (that's a $45 value) with the purchase of 3 products from the Quenching, Mending or Thickening lines!
were you honest when you said, i can never leave your bed?.
Whatd you name your bird?
85 degrees today and i'ts kayaking weather; we are headed to the Lake Lewisville greenbelt.
So.. we bouta hit up the pool . . in the rain . . can u say pneumonia ? aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhha ~
not off the top of the head, i can ask around. what would it entail?
I met him after the show.. (:
The sweet life of Zack and Cody is the only show with smart blonds and a dumb asian O_o
Kobe coaching his team wow, he motivating them to pass pass the ball!
and will see you at #ROC City Rising tomorrow! Look for the rental market guide in your swag bags!
#HAchat RT : What is this Chat called and when is it always held? I have enjoyed it.
Stocks DN in early going. Retail reports below expectations, new jobless claims DN by the most in 3 months.
There's a direct correlation between the rising food costs and energy costs. Let's move forward and sustain
"Feeling Beauty: A Neuroscientific Framework for Understanding why the Arts may be Sisters" w/ G. Gabrielle Starr 2/23 Grad. Center 6-8pm
thank you for everything. Tell Ryan hello.
Matt Kemp has more homers than 2 MLB teams. Of course one of them is the Cubs. Of course.
Happy birthday!
Agreed. After his performance in the second half of last season, we thought LeGarrette Blount would have a much better '11.
FUCK YOU ALL.
Thanks ! RT Happy Int'l Women's Day! Shoutout to some ladies rocking in the biz world!
Score polk county 2 orl 0 top of the 4th inning watch live @ www.doublediamondbaseball.com at Bishop Field
thats true hopefully the actual one is better! What order are they gonna put groups in tm?
I can't tell if I'm watching the Michigan vs MSU game or a Delaware vs South Florida game. #GoBlue!
Yesterday, the Metra completely screwed me over. Today, I have a feeling it's the CTA's turn. Ugh.
screamo and techno put together is omg the best!!! :D
Happy Easter...a lil late. <3
welcome to the ravens nation!!!
Ministry. Totally Ministry.
We love creating POTent, Yummy edibles for patients to cope with what ails them. Spreading the feel-good all for you!
ya that would be so kewl! maybe we could meet up and try to find her like wheres waldo lmfao
that's my girlfriend lol
One is not born a woman, one becomes one. ~Simone de Beauvoir
Keep moving runners #Royals #yankees v
I finally get through all the treats and sweets from the holidays, and guess what?...it's Girl Scout cookie season. Great.
We have a furniture refinisher at our office today....the smell is really, really strong.
are u going to tweet me back at all?
It was great seeing you at #dish2011. Missed saying good-bye & catching up on SMKdigital and non-. To be continued at #mw2012!
#riovegas.... On my way to Vegas inthree days. Haven't been in 2 years. Best new places to eat? New sights to see? Thx
Scoops have a 15-second life span
I got an iced mocha & a power outlet. I'm all set.
happens to me ALL the time!!
I tried to get to the Leyton years but every other couple on that show is a damn snoozefest
RT : via Ontario: Catholic Schools Restoring Libraries: Controversial Decision Revisited
Mysterious library guy asks us what we're studying, immediately blurts out "PIZZA!!!!" ...library guy walks away.
In Propria Persona => In his or her own person
Thank you!! Loved your book...btw!!!
follow for a chance to win a UK AUTOGRAPH!!
Shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots! Perfect way to start the weekend. Headshots, that is!
Agree! “: There should be a req that all new construction in downtown Seattle come w/rain awnings over any adjacent sidewalks”
Who knew that would harm everything so much.
am finishing up the Oakland Arts information package. Looking for local artist soon...
Watch him play like shit since "all eyes will be on him"
Thanks for all of the follows! Been a slow summer but auditions are picking up and BreakADream is going to be posting more sad stories!
- As will all of the middle-class and poor Americans that make the mistake of voting Republican.
Eating dinner at Chillis.
Bunky's Cafe on Atwood Ave. Those folks know how to cook!
Amused by headline from Boise State: "Commencement Ceremony Features Pesky Teaching Awards."
hahahahaha hell yeah
Seth, I'm here with would love to chat after presentations about your properties' social media efforts.
All my hoes got Jordan skills, they fade away
Is #RedbookParty the same as ? Haha.
: Thanks for the retweet!
Posted a new song: "We Do It Like Oww by J-Benton ft. BlaQ
Glad I didn't make the trip to FL for this though, would've been depressing.
Everywhere but friggin TV/radio or magazine -which is all I want! 😥 RT: you have worked EVERYWHERE!! U a hustla
I would give my first born and a box of triscuits for some #Starbucks right about now
Kevin Garnett calling out the #Hawks owner was good stuff, and truth cause he lit them up.
Don't forget! Save $100 on any event when you book by the end of January!!!
#WhyWouldYouCheatIf your girl is . I can understand if u only have a poster size Taraji.
Thanks, we just got a profile pic up.
Listening to interviewing live at
#FF recommendations! Our Gr8t #ClearedJobFair customers: U R The best!
what's more fun that sitting all alone in the history department? Pretty much everything
So ur out of jail ur free ur rehibilitted how u been ... u got my money motherfucker
I am listening to #dylanradio.com Thanks to Pete in Canada
Tomorrow's Monday! Which means..new Chi! TLIS! #WWWYKI!
nice. Read a similar story on importance of space exploration. Trying to make my speech more exciting.
#Oomf Had To Have His Last Name. 👎😔
feel like I slept 2 seconds 😞👎
the body of a girl but the mind of a guy.
Shot out to the dude that cooked my porkchop tonight!! Cleaning the bone
THANK YOU are BEAUTIFUL FLOWER
More than 85% of connected Xbox 360's have already downloaded content from Xbox Live Marketplace.
Whether your working or enjoying the Cinco de Mayo festivities, have a wonderful and safe weekend.
Digitalmedia is where engaging media messaging lie. How can brands connect to users in a way that intrigues them and makesaprofit?
OMG JULIE'S WATER BROKE!
Over Easy? :) Mine too. haha I need to learn to make food other than breakfast stuff though :c lol
Damn all these cuties wit nice bodies fuck I needa get on my shit
Looking for segments for our weekly Twin Cities Live pitch meeting tomorrow....any ideas? Think food, fashion and fun!
I want to shoot people
Love your costumes!!! Congrats to third ward team for winning the contest! Happy Halloween :)
hm....wonder who this is referring to? ;P hahaha
Let's go Rice! "RT It wasn't pretty, but Rice pulls out win against U of H, 4-3. Let's win series tomorrow." cc :-)
There are 612 Time Capsules; we just opened 355 this week!
thanks for proving is live and u r human.
Staff from marketing dept. toured our labs this morning. Thanx ladies for the great ideas abt raising our public profile!
- But Al is ALL ABOUT showing off his fake boobs.
#Its2012WhyYouStill on myspace
oh I know.
hootesuite is the bomb. Tick tick.
nice! be sure to share with the team! MRT : Just discovered a column edit feature on that is blowing my mind
you'd get more accurate world news from a 6-year-old
bout to smoke and chill
OMG. Can you really survive one year like that?
<3 Everything I Do Comes Back To Me by Daredevil Christopher Wright so much history wrapped up in melodies.
St. Patty's Day Sip & Shop & Pearls Couture Sat.
michael jackson is dead
I wonder how much they will go for on eBay...
"All y'all know y'all done had sex while ya baby in bed sleep. When the baby wake up y'all play sleep." <--- lol
Don't forget to come to the Crawfordsville Easter Egg Hunt on the grounds of the Lew Wallace Study tomorrow at 1!
random meat
Thank god all these bottles I popped, All this paper I been gettin', All these models I popped!
Whoop! Lol I felt left out.
Girl been on tht trip shit for the past few days..she's always worrying bout another b.tch & not herself
drinking Diet Pepsi
Riding through Los Angeles blasting that trap girl
he was talking to our favorite volunteer about the Jazz styles of Steely Dan the other day. I wanted to cut myself.
“: everybody cool knows everybody cool” true story!!
I wanna fuck so good...sry just being honest! Lol
just made a glass of chocolate milk
Last class of the semester for this guy
Why is Twitter powerful? 27.3 Million tweets a day. Why is Facebook powerful? Over 500 Million users. Youtube? Over 1 billion videos a day.
Thanks for following! Enjoy your day.
Where did you get yours? I like them to be cute and have enough space to write on each day. Any suggestions?
And there's a blue jay, breaking everything up. I'm going to call him Martin Luther.
Jerry forgot his headphones
What would I liked to have been? Everything you hate.
A small part of me wishes I never met you...
Would love to be there! Enjoy your day and check out
Got a bowling alley in my head!
I met her!
makes me sick how sum people think picking a fragrance cap is stressful
Adam, I also founded Let me know once you start working for a Philly restaurant.. thanks
Definitely had a good Sunday. Same to you :-)
Just finished 1st Mass Effect... So epic, cant wait to start on the 2nd one!!! Is it better then 1?
Meet me tonight st 7:30 for cajun and music! (I'm playing) :)
twitter app on my phone is craz
Busting my a$$ like usual. Fixing the BM now... Have a great day!!!!!!!!!!
Impressive. Updated artist meta data for an album in #iTunes and it instantly appeared on my phone.
Inventory hasn't even started yet and the problems we've known about for months are causing problems
When employees get lost in the organizational career maze, they may take their careers in their own hands and vote with their feet....
When I pulled my hamstring I went to a misogynist.
I've been very interactive on Twitter today. Don't get used to it.
Um, that's an amazing statement.
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
CRYING CRYING THIS FLAWLESS TEAM
checking out some cool exhibits.
BEST... SHOW... EVER
Hey where you been??? Haven't heard from you since we spoke about the music conference in Washington DC lol what's your email?
Time for some #Tigers baseball.
I don't know how to relax
Press Conference going on right now RI.P. WHITNEY
If looks could kill, you'd be a murderer
am i remembering this wrong or was some like little girl killed for burning a poster of justin bieber earlier this year?
whats your problem with the eastern and central time zones?
yep! I was working from there!
OMG yes. She is AWFUL. I don't know how she made it this far! RT I can't stand Lindsay Paveo! What a terrible voice!
NFL's Philadelphia Eagles tap mobile for in-stadium marketing
I hope you caused a scene
Found jeans at Old Navy, was informed that they were on sale for $2.48, then was informed I acted like I won the lottery.
I pickup D. Lowe yesterday & he gets me a complete game shutout. Doesn't quite make up for Kemp going on the DL after rosters locked.
Is the father of the girl Thor falls in love with the guy that is controlled by Loki in The Avengers?
If your a Drake fan,
yea it's been long so did u go to Dallas
He stole my heart, so now I'm gonna steal his last name❤
Thanks for the reply.
would love to go
Most of us fall in to one of two roles: 1) you are a creative professional or 2) you need (or lead) creative professionals to do your job.
I love my DVR! I'm taping Bobbi Kristina's interview, army wives and RHOA.
Everybody's dancing crazy...(8)
Yoga Explorers was a big hit! Thanks to the kids for bringing your parents!
loved it!
i love this pic of you ;)
To honor the 100th anniversary of the Titanic, #EdiblesRestaurant will be serving Iceberg lettuce.....
u figured this tech stuff out. U smart, kind , and important
": It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. - Henry David Thoreau"
Taylor swift *cough cough* ;) “: writing songs with a very cool artist today :)”
Congrats Bill!
RT : the #interrupters. !! C'est Ouf !!
I hope you don't cry tonight love!
UNFPA, UNICEF, IPPF would be well served if they provided their "youths" a basic biology course.
Valid. I'm just too lazy to make/find another.
If at first you don't succeed....try, try and try again. And in my case...fail, fail and fail again. :/
100 MF`s cant tell me nothing! I BEEZ in the Trap I BEEZ x`s 2 in the Trap ....
I can't believe tonight is that last episode of Desperate Housewives. #sosad 😭
Once there was an ugly duckling , then one day she looked into the mirror and realized... she was a swan..
if I was down there I'd be showing u how to skip line!!
#Rochester stop into the shelter tomorrow (sat) and visit all out friends available for adoption!
I have to say: I want to hear more about that brisket!
MICHAEL......What am I going to do with you. :-) This is the best chicken and cheese biscuit i have ever had!
alyssa just fucking go the fuck away all you do is cuz problems! you fake ass bitch!
Looking forward to Library Development Conf in Flagstaff
Gonna try to go back to sleep
Day 2 in #Israel on Birthright 2.0 begins. Off to an Ethiopian absorption center in the north after an AMAZING day in Tel Aviv.
where you been at bro
Thank you for letting us know; we will inform our IT Manager immediately.
J.V.O
I'm not your friend anymore ....and I really don't care ..cuz u wasn't to much of a friend anyway. Dueces
You're also slacking on a follow, lol. :)
I almost feel bad that I am an organ donor
Vancouver man hit and killed by a swerving car, while changing his wife's tire off I5. State patrol says driver was distracted
I love my bed
Talk to me
Any chance of catching tonight's #SMCA meeting for folks that couldn't watch it live? =)
Damn, da East got the stars, but the West got the team...
you would have no life
Loo IM DYIINGGg!!!
Tracey Gets A Goal....actually tracey could probably score on Bryz
I FB stalked you & saw his pic - cutie! I'm sure the love outweighs the murder feelings. He's still getting used to his new home!
#10thingsihate people wearing fake shit and acting like they the shit!
sorry, i keep RTing you. HAHA but, you gotta love THG
oh bummer!! I feel like that's something I would do too.
When does next season debut? The last two episodes were great.
These photos allow us to see ourselves at distance & thru another's eyes - the other within us, perhaps the root of sociability
Hi kkalafatis, thanks for following!
Chris Brook just said: "how about Dillinger Escape Plan B?" background: we're watching that band and they suck. hard.
In addition, the same share (44%) finds that mobile messages coming from businesses that have their permission are useful.
RT : Q5- If you were to provide advice to a new instructional designer, whatwould it be?
can you all check your emails again please.
RT : The polish Peyton displayed in 1993, as a kid, you saw today. The 3 Manning brothers are a tribute to Archie and Olivia
Just finished another hour of therapy on the shoulder, now its time for a nap :-( Rehab is HARD work!!
Any bangovers this morning from yesterday???
Two B1G teams go down tonight. Guess IU needs to change things.
Time to get busy on
man people play to much.. smh...
#Bands #Artists #Musicians Sign up to Http://www.Dagnomusic.com today sell your music and you keep 100% of your sales!
Just submitted v2.0 of "eJournal" to app store. Now a universal app for $2.99. Password protection and many other features added! Avail soon
do the best you can... catch up later, if needed
R.I.P Dick Clark
Got no sleep last night but woke up this morning wide awake!!!
thanks for the follow!
Harbaugh on Suggs injury: "Everything Terrell said about it from my understanding has been right on."
love you too lil sister
all we can do is support the best candidate!
Being forced to watch Ads before a video I can take... but when that video refuses to play after those Ads... isn't that akin to theft?
Once you have really hurt someone, it will always be in the back of their mind even if they still have a smile on their face.
Checking in beer at work. All day errday
The 950 seems a more mundane less dramatic commuter choice. Nice WaPo story from Stearman survuvor A. Halsey
it means you are safe from the purgatory of bad Children's music, for now.
Pair vs. Pair: Pair The App Is Getting Sued By Pair Networks, The ...
I need more followers #RT if u do too
To Do: dinner, catch up on tv shows, blog, and more twitter! Blog topic tonight is about twitter and museums, will tweet when posted
yes, drowning our sorrows is definitely in order.
hahahaha - O K A Y (x
": Im sick of Blake Griffin with all this flopping bs."
The rangers are insane right now!!
I see some Liars
Stop glorifying Che, dude was a psycho.
Linda are u not going to Bill's wedding?!
I think I am just going to start addressing all SLPs as "Ninja" since they are obviously interchangeable!
There was an array of colors of mankinis today at Bikram yoga. Meow
Grammy voting members receive elitist propaganda sent out on behalf of Neil Portnow regarding revamped financially viable music categories
Don't forget to answer our question True or False and be entered to win a plush throw. RT and get a second entry.
For your convenience we have added a toll free reservation number 1 888 581 4446
I agree Doose. Apparently I shouldn't follow either. Jerk.
Facials Try our amazing C-Esta Facial for winter skin and get $20.00 off any Jan Marini Skin care product of your choice $75.00
Soon. Shows next month ": john! any news on when they are giving out backstage passes! please im desperate :("
Interested in restoring hope in New Orleans this summer? Check out the great program offered by our #TeenLifeLIVE sponsor !
I been to hell & back & made it back fine
Oh. My. Fucking. Goshh. Thank. Craig. It's. Friday.
is it on tv?
Wishing you all a Happy Mothers Day!
": Near death?" I think you need to take your turn at the debate desk.
And checking out a new coffee shop. Thanks for the recommendation! RT Co-working"with makes for a lovely afternoon!
My problem with Black Widow is that she's fucking boring. Holy shit, is she ever boring.
": I'm coming to visit you guys today!!" See you soon! :)
Dont let me find out...lol RT : Pharrell is a vampire. A sexy one.
The library is a lonely place since students have forgotten how to do research using books. The sound of slumbering books.
New SHINS album Port of Morrow out today on CD and LP. Come by it at any of our locations and receive a free exclusive limited acoustic EP!
when are you NOT horny? *lifts ass in air* ;)
So happy that you are super well ! Hoping one of these days I'll get to see you in person!
dupont circle has tons of choices depending on price point and taste. I wouldn't miss an opptrotunity to eat at Afterwords.
#StupidStereotypes how bout all stereotypes are stupid!?!?!
IM BLASTING TFERA AND DANCING LIKE A GOOD OL FUCKAAA SCARIN MY MOM I NEED MENTAL HELP AWW YEEAH
First talks with director Scott Dobbie of Marina Beach Films for Music video of Straight To The Top. VERY EXCITED
thanks for the RT!
PROMETHEUS is on the cover of the I just plucked from my mailbox. ZQUEEEEL!
Cal had me for a split minute.
Guess what! Spots are still left on the All-Stars tour and... one spots left on warped tour! SIGN UP TODAY!
Great meeting with all the Business Services folks in Aberdeen today - we have a great team!
There needs 2 be more help 4 Gay males/females dealing w/ thoughts of suicide! Suicide is 2 Real... I get it now
Sam Jones is better than Michael Jordan.
Good morning! We're spending our Monday working on marketing. What are you doing?
Coffee and Brownies? Why not? I'm dangerously dull and uncontrolled. This is our world now.
Thank you as well! I love seeing the verse novel genre alive & well and so many great books being published in verse.
This is what we get for letting go.
Just saw the display at the Santa Monica Nordstrom! Love it!
Lit Brick - Jane Eyre (Part 4)
OKC can S my D
About to do the finishing touches on a new dubstep track so be on the lookout fo it!!!!!
Nice to see so much momentum for ! Interesting he has 2X amount of friends on FB than Demaio.
you wonder if this speeds up his timetable for issuing a written decision in Braun case?
Today was a success. What a great party tonight. So much fun! Thank you everyone and good night :)
damn, he's not going to be pleased about the new logo then that is coming....
Lakerz Playoff Game Central @ Sandbar Lounge Long Beach. $2 Brews $3 Drinks $1 Pool Table. 710 West Willow Ave Long Beach 90806
Happy Birthday
That's what I'm talking about Duper! Go Pens!
We are taking a sucking void and filling it with our artcocks.
if its a toss-up for the position...the relationships u can build in state promising a better chance maybe are worth it...
Yea I know..u r restricting urself to CLE right? If I did that I'd still be looking! But got great opp & position in Dayton
I fucks with you
Woohoo!! RT : Can't wait to have dinner with the queen Tomorrow night!
iono I ant think that was posibule
When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future
Hey my name is big t I'm about to be on MTV haha
You left a mark
I lied. I was too sore to run today. So I just walked the 3-mile loop around our subdivision. It was a beautiful day for it.
Good time Luxury Expo this weekend! Thanks to everyone that showed up! We had a great weekend!
Check ur email Big Bro
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Dex: Boners: Standing up for what they believe in!!! Me: OMG, ur mind is in the gutter today!!
" Correction does much, but Encouragement does more. "~~~Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
way to stick up for your players chris guccione called a bad game at first
Are apps free?
haha yea no video call :P -izzy
Morning Twitter World!
;-) How r u? RT : The fam loves my Mac & Cheese made with #Cabot reduced-fat cheddar! delish!
#fridayreads (print) The Revenant by Sonia Gensler !!!! So excited!!!!
#BarkAtBilas How come ESPN doesn't have the match up comparison option this year on the brackets? Big problem...
Well at least there is still my 100% chance of getting a signed copy of John Green's next book. YAY FOR POSITIVES
Today was ehhhhh....
Massage alone is proven to not only reduce stress, but decrease anxiety, enhance sleep quality and improve concentration
Watching Gnomeo & Juliet has made me want to buy even more gnomes. Also flamingos and Braveheart bunnies.
Wish my shoulder & neck didn't hurt #wahwahwah #complain 👎😁
"Only about 1 hr or so work left on paper." That was 3 hrs ago.
hahah I LOVE YOU SCOUT!
you would love it! Not to mention, our friends at are based right here in Indy.
"Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs." - Henry Ford
the person I despise with a passion sits next to me in history. and we have to be partners for a presentation. I had to do all the work. -.-
Had it the last few days. Once I think I'm over it, it returns.
I'm starting to hate getting up early
Been at it trying to open up these .pdf files for the longest -.-
Who Wants To Talk?(:
If you fall in love with two people, stick with the 2nd one... Obviously, you weren't in love with the first one...<3
Andre 3000 shouldn't even be compared with the likes of Beyonce or J. Cole
what happened?
well drake and iPhones don't like u either
Our thoughts exactly!
Why does she act so salty all the time now? She used to be my fave real housewife. You know who I'm talking about.
I want her to txt me on this long as ride
Brandon Burrell's birthday party tonight!
Shout to my bro de lo mio k lo k
Tami is crazy.. i know that liquor done wore off by now
That's right Ryan. Express that anger through threes.
endorse RT New revenue stream: Tax gaudy fan gear and those who wear it. Jersey's no, helmets that have sunshades and horns. YES
It's almost 9PM here.
Studying in the tub haha taking a bath + study...good idea..bad idea?? Idk this is the first time ive studied al year
needs followers .haha :P
Made it to work thru the snow. . . the return trip home will be interesting to say the least!
my home girl is in that video
Miley Cyrus is upset a company has made a sex doll in her likeness. Her dad is mad because he didn't think of it first.
Sixty dollars? Hello? Rich people? Troy's joining you. Yes, I'll hold.
Too many chiefs, not enough indians.
I use a Canon multi-function printer and it does all that in a small form factor. Mine is a few years old, MX310
I've seen Mr. McFeely too and he does look like the same young lad as during his Speedy Delivery days.
cant listen to the radio anymore CAN NOT DO
Food n work n baseball
we did for the Yankees game. Not this one...due to sitter for my youngest
too late , boo boo
I just want 2 egg rolls !
The world can be scary..so you have to put everything in prospective...and sieze the moment....
Best version yet. Well done.
Wow... Got my hair wet 😒 ironed it for nothing.
I understanding talking to partisans for launching point to then talk to more analytical experts. Too many skip 2nd part, tho.
why do you feel #feel #syep event was pointless? how could they have made it better?
we need to get together - lots to update you on!
in Australia....luck you :p
who me ?? lol thanks
i hate when ppl lie bout dumb shit
Wow! Just tried this submission to our What's Your Austin's Pizza contest: Fresh made pico, motzz, jack cheddar, & chicken. Lordamighty.
Ryan Sheckler Is So Cute I Can't Even(;
Very cool webinar today #HireAVet presented by have engineering positions great for veterans! Apply at bjorksten.com!
are you?
There is no wholly masculine man, no purely feminine woman
great, great article.
Hi Lavina....thanks for returning the follow!
blessed go be connected
Hey I just meet you and this Is crazy but ....<3 :D
What a great day out today.
W.mwishartpi.com. People/companies who prey on the less fortunate will be held accountable.
Two more days until my Birthday my Birthday my Birthday :-) and they said no way would I see it! lol, bla bla bla
a few days studio under construction
#IDontLike The song boyfriend....or any Bieber song...or the word swaggie
any review that includes the line "I once knew a girl in college who practiced Wicca" must be regarded with suspicion :P
You used to be the shit, now you ain't shit bitch.
Nap time
Found out where dreams are born - unicorn testicles. Special thanks to Bob's Burgers for that info.
You are the master of prezi and getting presents at work :)
These cardiac Cowboys are for real! Now finish this.
it's your song, too. Although as I think about it, I definitely prefer the old rhythm, so you should definitely rerecord.
Take care of your body, then the rest will automatically become stronger.
comming from the woman who distracts me when I actually try too
I miss #RHOA last night hoping it comes on today...before #BasketballWives cause I'm Not missing that lol!!!
Don't forget to tweet True or False to our earlier question and get entered to win our plush throw.
Me too! The fall is the best time of year and so pretty. I would like to talk to God about having that weather all the time
Tomorrow's Brunch on the patio! Don't miss it. The fried egg sandwich with pickled onions is....well.....pretty darn good.
HAVING FUN AT YOUR PHOTOSHOOT??:)
...like sunshine! :D
hope you're having fun right now!
Hey all, have a beer for all your hard working legislators who can't go to the O's game today.
2morrow Spanish friends,come see me 2 6PM ! Can't wait :{) RT
Crowd-sourcing my #DC peeps: Best day #spa in DC? This girl needs a day of beauty! ideas?
truth man. This is your first show, right?
The Office season finale tonight...hope it doesn't suck like most of this season
My wife said tonight that I can have a beer for every #Brewers run......let's get it started!
: Guess which of your favorite Naz ladies we are!
hell yeah ah.. I feel ya. I'm glad to be one of the better ones !(:
Thankfully English 1101 is a required course for all RATs.
Open, ready and prepared for feedback. Negative and positive. If you think you know something, remember the mistakes of misjudgement.
Playing design catch up on this lovely afternoon.
just smash it in rage. usually works.
at least one of my "friends" really sucks.
saw a baby whale exploring off point dume. yrs ago. Supposedly normal behavior for them to explore alone while mom waits
but soon, we all get to hang out together.
Finally home from a long day. 😊
Instagram for Android Instagram for Android Instagram for Android!
i still don't think you've realized what you did to me, and how badly you hurt me.
Is there anyway for us, not in NYC to see/ get acess to these documentaries online?
At the metropolitan club issue 1 debate...
that would b legit!ima get back to u asap bout that cuz i need to figure out if ima need a car this weekend while im at home lol
Based on your article this morning, it looks like Tyler Colvin has the best musical taste on the team. By far...
About to drink some Starbucks ice coffee..... Wait wait m delicious
yes. Slade is a bit undersized and a year younger. But is a pretty decent point guard
. Have fun and safe travels!
I got you covered.
No homework tonight ;3
At Wondering if Mr Gibson gets tired of my supermarket brand analyses.
Watching Frozen. I mocked the film relentlessly when I first heard about it. I'm now curious after what I've hear from some trusted critics.
Check that, took the job in early June, lol.
hope we see you at ours!
Its 30 mins from tradee deadline and not one station speaking of it
4 all ths Q's thr is a big distinction between consumer products vs. service brands. ex: Coke sum of emp brands? No. B of A? yes.
Yay! Oh the anticipation!
cool. let me know if you come up with something because our garden more eggplant that we can handle right now.
We need more Peggy and Joan time.
Ding repair is being offered for any surf club members by one of our surf dads, George Toth. Give him a call at 619-250-6948 for any needs!
my prayers are with you and yours
what ring is that???
love the bonus!
this is SUPER!!! Thanks for the headsup. , was this the barge that conquered the canals last year?
Flu days. Leave me alone.
any birthdays today ?!
RT : Got my workout in, now picking up new business cards then heading to get glammed up for !
Like every friday, #FF me first and I will #FF you back.
Kobe is all the way Ballin.
I'm knocking on doors, you're keeping the keys, MaybeYouopen, maybeNotForMe! But I won't make a move until move in me:D (Paul)
how are you?(:
hmm creative thinking
Just had a dope photo shoot with the crew. Photos will be posted here shortly.
At Church and State!
New Post: "The Dreamer, The Believer...The Writer" www.thewritelifeshow.com
Gopinath: Shah's "Hinterland Structures" is an alternative archiving of queer diasporic modes of dwelling & creating habitability
I hate when there is like nothing on tv.
#10FavouriteNickiMinajSongs: Save Me
Oh no! I hope your flight gets going soon.
3 hours of beer and food for only $8.10 - best deal in town - spread the word. kgoradio.com/beer
Huh?? RT : I heard myself a few days ago I guess
Some girl named Lucy just introduced herself by saying "My name is Lucy" and I chuckled.
That show is going to be a real party--have fun tomorrow night!
you are in luck-we are running a 15% off sale on the store starting Monday through end of the year. Save away!
Nibbs are soar...Yes I would do it again! =P
Neybor wins 2nd place at #onstage pitch event in crowd-favorite and most viable idea categories!
Thats whats up Bro, thanks for the love!
I'm happy for him he deserves a shot to have his own program.
- That's hilarious! Can't wait for tonight's show (PST).
Why, thank you!
My name is Frank Odia and I am a recruiter. I am looking for experienced RoR developer. Are you open to contracts or permanent opps?
Don't call it a comeback! We're going to the Final Four again! Go UMass!!!
thanks for hanging last night at the game with ! need to perform for you again soon!!
Chris Isaak - Don't Make Me Dream About You - 06:30 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Don't forget a huge Pick 6 Carryover at Belmont Park on Wed..could be at least $3mill in the pool...Hope some #'s come to me in my sleep.
Today is pay day & I ant even happy
Really wishing that 's rich text editor worked on the iPad. I've written 2 posts but can't format them without HTML. Ugh!
RT : Fact: The first spacecraft to visit the planet Venus was Mariner 2 in 1962.
Small job doing libguides and random reference? Sure!
.. than I am about sales..if it gets heard by enough people, the sales will happen later... for now appreciation is plenty
Is having one of those OMG overwhelmed days.
Lol i really forgot how me and live life i would not do this any other way ...
thankyou and yes u can lol
WOW! Great link, thanks. I don't know why I'm so surprised... I guess I thought anthro was one of the more "eccentric" programs :)
I didn't eat lunch because I forgot my money.Only 2 people knew. No one else deserved to know. They wouldn't shut up asking if I was hungry
Supposed to be eating hot dogs and drinking beer at an MiLB game right now. Instead I'm lining wedding invitation envelopes. Life is funny.
Thanks for RT of article
All of my old friends think they're too cool for me.
I've gotta say, life's pretty good! It's really gonna suck when I get cancer one day.
One of us is thinking about sex... OK, it's me.
Oh, hello pathological liar on my bus. Yes, tell me all about your Peacock farm.
Celebrate National Burger Month at ABX with our Smoked Brisket ‘n’ Cheddar Burger priced at $8.99 during the month of May!
Who did you meet at #barcamptampa that deserves a follow and why?
On my way to the city, Wudup grandma!
Lmao 21 jump to crazy funny
I'm awake now ( he he )
If dick riding was a sport, half the hoes out here could claim "first place" ..
Great shot :)
I think mercy should still be competitive still
can u please follow me on instagram?! My username is iluvya_nojoke!
You guys wish Happy Mothers Day to . At least til I hear enough DM alerts from her phone so I'll know which Champagne Room she's in
someone is blasting "I Have a Dream" through their car speakers during traffic.
is take one but ill only give 75.00 for it.
I have lost all respect for Mickey Loomis, Shaun Payton, Gregg Williams, Joe Vitt, and Jonathan Vilma and anybody else from bountygate
Fake models with fake personalities will never prevail.
Nothing to say but everything to do.
look up Richard Lawson Studios.
heading out there in a few days, will let you know if you don't hear anything. Also, could try calling?
wow true to its name too bad
Hindenburg had a light aluminum piano, pressurized smoking lounge, porcelain tableware, but passengers slept in bunks.
you live in Florida?! Me too(:
How did you get started doing the freelance gig in BKK ?
haha..you can't win em all!
- Best way to land an agent is by doing showcases! Better to be seen than picked out of a pile of headshots!
When you get more diversity on the screen, you get more dynamic portrayals of women characters"
...doing 5 burpees every 1/4 mi lap so I can get caught up on the #BurpeeChallenge BECAUSE I CAN AND SO CAN YOU
"Johnny Depp wears a hat and the sets look like they were made from Skittles then left in the rain!" - Every Tim Burton pitch since 2005
i cry every time i see a one direction account with a creepy pic of 11 year old miranda cosgrove as their icon bless.
“: What time the DMV close? I need a new license” 4 or 4:30
Yea im still here, schoolin it. Wbu?
now that's a lot of O's
This will be my second time
Why this few days i suffer a usually dull persistent pain (aching back) !
Happy Birthday Bob Marley You were a Legend O_o
ah yes! have fun! let me know who you ride with in Tri! xo
I love her oh so much
You and I have as many MLB home runs this spring as Albert Pujols.
Would I be wrong if I exposed the jay bitch
A little sluggish too much hooter wings and Ciroc last nite nice superbowl halftime with Madonna was great
I know what imma do for my mom on mothers day ^.^
Hey, Sun. Look me in the eye when I'm talking to you! Aaaaagh...pain....blind....seeing spots....bad idea....ok, you win.
AMANDA SYFREID IS THE LUCKIEST GIRL SHE GOT TO MAKEOUT WITH MEGAN FOX
You're in a relationship, stop flirting with everyone!
"Im asian, trust me" - LOL
Thanks for the tickets! THE best TWolves game I've witnessed live. Then again it was the only time I've ever seen them win live.
NOW ONE TIME HAS MORE DISLIKES THEN LIKE WE HAVE TO GO LIKE TTHE BUTTON OEVER AND OVER AGAIN BELIEBERS
This nation cannot long survive without the adhearence to the Rule of Law & and. Its blid Application to all Its citizens.
RT : Huntsman manager says: "It was time for Republicans to rally around a candidate who could beat Obama." Adds: It's Romney
haha have fun staying in college!
Via , a "minister" said this at a Detroit mtg: "This is white supremacy. Before you take over our city, we'll burn it first."
excited to see parra back in and see dillard. pitching on the crew is deep, just might be the best in the.nl central.
Oh and I LOVE David Wallace! Yay!
hey all beliebers if u are a true belieber and love justin as much as i do , stand by him follow me I will always support justin follow me
Your morning should be spent making loving phone calls to those that makes your life worthwhile!
This wifi on southwest is THE worst! I just drained half my battery tryna pull up fb! Wtf?!?
Sniff bathroom stall
A puppy at the early age of 7wks, w/ my book, together you & I can PREVENT early bad habits & get his/her training well on its way!
Agreed RT : With all my ranting, I am proud of my #Mizzou boys. We have along way to go in March. Then adios Big 12
If you're still working on that LinkedIn training, add "don't put your name in all caps or all lowercase." Have a good weekend!
Thanks for the retweet!
WHAT IS THIS
I don't believe you're up this early.
I would love an NBA team. I think it would be awesome for Baltimore's economy & morale
Jen may adopt you
Can we all take a moment to look at the comments on the GMYH video saying something about his "new hair".
Dear Drama Whores...
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:(8
well, I finally managed to drag my 100 lbs heavy bag into my house... I'm laying on it now. lol
It's such a beautiful day! :)
Anybody notice yellow eyes on Anthony Johnson?
Me and mom and Junior slept our butts off! I mean it! We have no butts today! Ok we do but we slept a lot and I'll take my breakfast now.
Congrats on a #5 in the iPad app store!
Ah, the joys of public transportation
My mom is late to work everyday and she live 2 blocks from her work! lol she kills me!
I don't have my swimming stuff :/
Gurrl,look at that body,I WORK OUT!
I took the #commuterchallenge and after 3 days- I now own my own Go To Card, but I can't register it on the site (error msg)
What a boring day
30 Flutter-kicks, 20 Wall Jumps...lets make it happen, #Madison!!
I will do the Nationals, I agree- good idea. Thanks for sending out my link!
twitter be trippin!
So the LORD gave Israel all the land he had sworn to give their forefathers, and they took possession of it and settled there. Joshua 21:43
The story behind where those plans have would be awesome.
umm try Loopy & Scallops and get back to me.
It's hard to remember the people we used to be.
But well see :)
In any art or design the moment of making a mistake can be the moment of greatest discovery, innovation or invention if only
feeling really tired and cranky? your welcome
What a happy surprise!! We need to catch up in Seattle!
So straight vodka then? I swear I saw that billboard and said out loud "Morris Day and the Motha Fucking Time"
MY MOUTH BURNS!!!! I just tried an extremely hot serrano pepper!!!!!! Hehe.
u must b off
I crack myself up a lot
Haha! Ginger-supremacist!!
RT #Glee: 3D Concert Movie is a film about the beauty of diversity that stars a bunch of pretty white people econ.st/oJVOZG
Scrabble's cool. Better than canasta, anyway. Is it cheating if you tweet us your letters? (You are playing for money, right?)
Never forget. RIP. “: RIP horses from Luck. Sad news. Give a shout out to my homey Lil' Sebastian if you see him upstairs.”
you know I have never thought about that but you are right, i am a selfish defensive coach want the best on D
Getting ready to Skype with the boo! <3
I love my cousin.. she's awesome!
Hahahahah. I don't think that's getting the RT. #GonzagaProblems. Hahahahaha
One of the guys from Lucky Boys Confusion died? High school pop-punk era Justin wept.
rofly. orr you an lift to eat..
I wish you world tell me how you really feel.
I ONLY HAVE TWO WEEKS TO READ THREE BOOKS FUCK
I felt like such a nerd the other day cause this kid had a sonic screw driver and I freaked out! It was awesome though! I love Doctor Who!
Yikes, I'm getting way too Twitter chatty.
thanks for coming!!
yea finals are no joke :/
Yeah, I totally agree with you.
WE WANT THE BELIEVE TOUR DATES
When and who all going???
Agreed! Nicely put! In fact, that's why we're building a prayer-app! Please see here ==> birdofprayer.org
is this going to be one of your tweets where u start bashing city cyclists?
Serb/Croation division brought up over deleting FB comments? Really?
Tips for Planning a Tent Camping Trip to South Georgia’s Beaches
Congratulations everyone! I look forward to visiting soon in 2015 & following ur website til then
105th annual! very impressive. Wish I weren't on the other side of the world for it...
Just tapped, Del Rio Lager (replaces Cuvee Des Jacobins Rouge Belgian Sour Ale: we have more kegs for later)
OMG I'm leaving work now to go make some.
Sean Putman from Detroit, hi everyone
Call up your friends & make plans to come watch UFC 146 with the ladies Saturday May 26!
All apologies to and all Pittsburghers I have neglected until 4:35PM. Happy Valentine's Day!
happy moving day!
« So will I see today?? (:» text me sweetie<3
About to release my 150th recording in the last 2 years.
your uncle has thought you well
#DearMonday just because i'm on spring break i love you! Just for this week thou!
What fucking monsters, excuse me. That is insane.
Anthony Davis officially added to 18-man pool for U.S. Olympic team.
no I didn't
Just wrapped second day of shooting for Francescas Collections! Went great :)
My stubborn basset hound dog decides he wants to go for a walk...hm
You coming back to L-ville for the derby?
We got a love thing, girl you try to leave me But you need me, can't you see you're addicted to me We got a love thing,
heard they were gona hand out bengay to the alacranes players b4 each game this season lol
Haha ya right abby!! My legs are way to long and my dad would cry.
If you have a dream, give it a chance to happen. - Richard M. DeVos
