Thank God bro.
Oh yea, got an oil change and paid rent...
lol don't even ask for a follow on this account
On my way.
Could totally go for a daq-go-ri right about now!
He's gonna be eating a bowl of soup and I'm gonna come and get em, he won't even know what's coming!
i miss !!! can we grab drinks or something?
This nigga always tryyna get me in trouble
“: Technically, are you really on dates or are they business expenses?!?!?” what a great conundrum!
Thanks for the #FF mention! and all of the great tips :)
Some ppl are a trip in a half
you didn't though, right?
#melus12 adding to my reading list: Stephen Graham jones' the bird is gone AND zombie bake-off.
oh wow that is a thought provoking tweet lol
thanks for following. Cool idea. Does anyone give Glide Cruiser tours?
*makes room!*
I've noticed that when people turn famous all of a sudden they're gorgeous...I GOTTA BE FAMOUS!
Are you interested in #Cloud #Computing? Do you like #networking? Need a break from the week? Join us tomorrow night #TechInMotionPhilly!
Socks should also have wings like birds so that they can fly. It would be more practical.
7 months ago, life was so simple. You came in and changed EVERYTHING!!! ♥KDC♥
Sometimes I really miss home...when people look at you funny here not truly understanding what a "load of bollix" really is.
are they #2 because they're the second spiciest on the menu?
i need toothpicks for these eyes.
So Excited to read 'The Greatest Muhammad Ali' & 'Soul of a Butterfly' ! ♥
Need me some
feel better.
It's so much better and tastier! You'll never turn back now!
Zimmerman is a sick and obviously racist man. The more I hear, the more disturbing and upsetting the story gets.
Their porn would scare the toughest of men, I'd imagine.
#YouNotUglyBut I don't like the way you think ...
The one thing that would make this trip fantastic would be meeting :)
Shit If Thats Were They Was From Den Hell Yea
on sunday.. I went to his church
Arrrr, It's International Talk Like a Pirate Day! Don't forget your OJ, unless you want to get scurvy Mateys!
Thank you! and you look great on Newsday!:)
I'm going on a date tonight. If everyone wishes me luck, maybe I'll get lucky!
You are so appreciated
Atchung! Special announcement. will be gracing us with a visit. Make sure she enjoys the view (read: slummys, fix ur rows)!
don't judge me
I'm going to get Zumba Fitness 2 for my mom, she wants it so bad hahah
Rouse Properties Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
I am so
Great day of work
Awww thanks Heather!! Miss you too :)
Moulttie just tried to trip Jones after that last no call. Rewound it and saw it in slowmo
MLK day!!! The man is not acknowledged enough
I miss you, Aushia! :-)
Im single cause these broads minds aint right
oh no! Miss you foo foo
I bought a new elliptical trainer. I hate to part with my old one after 12 years; it has become like family! #SchellersFitness and Cycling.
RT : Facebook ad platform growing faster than Google PPC? (performance social vs. community social) Should all jump in?
See the details at redhorseshoebooks.com
you're right. I haven't received it.
A gorgeous day in Chicago... Stay encouraged, we are praying for you... Chicago Police Department and Superintendent Garry McCarthy!
DeShaun Thomas returning to the Buckeyes is LARGE! Looks like it will be another banner year for Buckeye Basketball.
So why does surgery make Family Medicine interns do overnight trauma calls by themselves? The world may never know.
Love the world. FAME:)
My sinuses are going to batshit crazy. So not a happy camper. Hot shower and NeilMeds Sinus Rinse here I come.
Feeding my cats their nightly snack - Life’s Abundance Wellness Food Supplement for Cats- holistic, nutritious, yummy!
We had our first RVA Zine Fest meeting of 2012 tonight. Success! Things are happening.
I hope you have all been out shopping since midnight.
feel like crap right now. Hope i dnt do anything stupid.
Doing some video editing with Final Cut Pro. This is actually rather fun!
I just love "My Fair and Square Lady" you make me die laughing.
I love you so much, that's why the sun shines bright even on a rainy day because of the love for you!
Thank you, our director, Patrick Shavloske, will email you details.
Hold on to your family not everybody has one. Next time they annoy you just remember how blessed you are to have them. Happy Saturday!
you would wanna know!! Lol
What a fine pal you are! Thank you.
Goal! Go Canucks
💡I wonder what it would be like if performed at a bullets games.......?
Zach Miller was a beast today...too bad I was going up against him in my main league. Damnit
yes B lol I fucks with him more than Tyler .
Does ANYBODY understand the meaning of a turn signal
For Real, Help Me Out
": Just b/c a "door closes" doesn't mean it's over...God may want you to kick it down!" #AndTheWallsCameTumblingDown!
thankfully i slept through that beating. hope you guys run the table.
We've got something for everybody-vegetarian, vegan, or carnivore. It's all delicious. it's all good for the environment and you!
Trying to look cute as fuck at school for your crush but not having anything to wear <<<
RT : I didn't just freakin stop. The motor blew up. I can't help it. Was trying to get to pit road.
Hey, where is Alcove now? I haven’t seen them since they moved from the Northlake area.
Is it illegal to eat and drive??
#read #God Is #Good Psalm 145:9 The Lord is good to all, And His tender mercies are over all His works.
Internet Addiction
Patience and dedication is all it takes
I am geographically challenged...
TRAFFIC: All lanes blocked I-94 WB at MM 254 due to a crash. This Traffic Trouble Alert is presented by Home Loans.
I LUBB IT! Make more. And put it on iTunes.
So glad you guys are still together, Match made in VooDoo Heaven :-)
Thanks to Delta Zeta & Phi Mu of Tarleton State for letting me come in and sing them a few tunes tonight! Hope to see yall Saturday! :)
Today, I am required to attend a tasting of premiere old world wines for work.
good for work tomorrow.
lol. Yes. He's my mentor's mentor, so I hope to meet him before his maker does. How was the class?
Done for the night.....was making a custom blog for a client. Tomorrow my tweetz peace and good night
i love atwater! i've been looking for a place out that way, actually. Home on riverside is my go-to brunch place out there, tried it?
nice blog, that's actually a really good, concise way to lay out a live session. Hope to see more and some run hot
TAKE A PIC OF HER!
prayers out to the U.K
Also, #TheyneedToBringBack the original Yu-Gi-Oh!... It just isn't Yu-Gi-Oh! without Yugi. I don't want to see Jaden or some other punk kid.
Listening to Afroman makes meh wanna smoke! >.<
Yes we r tks 4 asking. Just very busy lately. Just have not had time 4 posting and reading twitter. Having sons 2nd Bday pty Sat.
im done filling these hoes heads wit lies that i can't keep up wit lol..bitch if u don't recognize a G when u see one, u shit outta luck
Chris Tucker back in the day was too funny.
Worries go better with soup than without.
Cool story bro. Write it down on paper, roll it up. Then shove it up your ass.
Very well thanks. Wake up every day glad to have pension can live on, health care and a Harley. Ready to fight #RWNJ s. And you?
Has ANY talk on Veterans ever gotten around to PACKERS greats Jerry Kramer or LB Dave Robinson?
can i please see you this weekend id like to talk to you
lol im gonna get this shit down. i cant believe i literally walked and got a job lol
pearl jam has a good collection, but no 3 song standouts.
This video made me cry. Austin's come such a long way since I first discovered him on Youtube and he still has a far way to go :')
Thanks for stoppin' in!
ohh gee. Im not sure. D:
Happy Cinco de Mayo...The Mexicans got the French to surrender. The French also surrendered to my mother's sewing circle.
this is why I love you.
smart guy died in 82,1882, update ur google,some scientific work since
one one coco full basket
OMG, been neglecting my tweets. Status update: Had a powerful conversation on social media today w/, a woman of great wisdom.
In other news, w/ Santorum quitting primary race & Zimmerman issue quieted down, what will 24-cable news talk about now?
Time for orton!
- hope you can make it to the event on Feb 22nd, north clubhouse of the oakwood :)
If you're a bird, i'm a bird...<3
Detroit dudez are fine As f*ck...LA dudez bore the shit outta me ...
Love creates and 'us' without destroying me!
When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say, "I used everyt
Also, is Canadian, so you know he would be a good house guest if it ever came to that. Plus, his HDR beats mine up.
Sitting here #doingnothing ....... :/
Good news! 1 more week (or so) until gets back to showing movies people can't see anywhere!
esources to good use and you'll see quite a nice reward for the work you do.
We thought so too! Thank you for the RT
u guys r gunna die its a terrible movie
You mean Fred Flintstone wasn't real?????
Yea just sayin im tawkin bout a boy actually
AP says Adam is clinging to life. Which is it?
Wtf ? What are you talking about ? JUSTIN BIEBER IS FOLLOWING ME !
Man I sure am enjoying having my office outside...a beautiful day out on Mass Ave if you want to stop on by and talk some business
Happy Mothers Day Bitchess :)
Love ya, too! Somehow thought today's workout entitled me to THREE cookies from ! ;)
Love ain't somethin you wanna play with
“: If you have ever said or text the word "ayee" you have some ratchet ways haha” >>> puhahahaha
At the airport picking up my bro! Lololol I wish I could just take random plane trips lololol
awwh otayy, well yhu'l have to start wearing that more often! I'll start to notice you more. Is joining de ...
how old are you
lol wanna borrow my vcr so you can dub a tape? J/k heyy its a classic.
also turns out the prom is not midland high school.
I'm on my way. Make a reservation at Sammy's Romanian.
A marathon of Property Virgins? I shall not leave the house :D #magnificent!
Thanks for the RT. Hope Hugh Grant worth the watch.
RT : Uh oh-Same thing I said lol!
I'm glad I started drinking vodka....
Just learned that I'll be moderating a writer's panel with Larry Niven and Tim Zahn on it at next week. Geeking. Out.
#edshow 17th Century Naturalist: "There's nothing, but NOTHING in this World, as stupid as a LIBERAL"
I'll give you all a hint BOOTS ...
I'm the type to say a prayer, then go get what I just prayed for.
I've been sing "With you, shawty with youu" for the past 2 months. LOL.
Love me or Hate me You Ain't gonna Change me or Phase me ! xoXo
-Are you serious?!! :DD
Thanks #cPanel RT : that is great to hear the team will take care of your needs. ^MR
“: On average, 12 newborn babies are given to the wrong parents everyday.”
I'm going to play a #VSFashionShow drinking game-taking a sip of wine for each kiss blown.
Amazing weather for Bedlam Saturdays TONIGHT with me 10pm !!
Tap to Belly at foodsmartstores, makes it fun to earn points and redeem rewards!
I Hate when I'm in the Car on The Freeway in the Middle if no where and I'm the only one in the Car that Has to Pe.!
Even someone as sour and grouchy as me can't help but smile seeing 1st yr in a suit using a shake weight in the middle of newcomb,
thanks for the tip! i will call tomorrow.
Every time comes to my house she takes a shit
Learning so much at Dr. Stacia Pierce's Millionaire Manifestation Mastery live seminar! Glad I didn't miss!
I am following and I love
Did you know that Sullivan Solar is offering 5% cash back on solar panel installation for #CV and #Bonita residents?
yes Nikki tell it..so true!!
will they block it? Or make me change my number
DJ DONTE GREEN IN THE BUILDING WIT COAST TO COAST ST ANDREWS
before I offer an opinion on tiger, I'd like to hear his side of the story first. Maybe his siblings lied to Reilly
Cool. Have a good one!
After I carried you all through cribbage let's hope you pick this up: Kel dog is out for revenge
Dear seniors...it just hit me that you will be leaving this year... :,(
Don't let your dreams become dreams.
Fun dip powder >>>>
Sorry, but just won that #shirtoff. LOL
I love love love tumblr, before the f*ck yeahs even! I have a few anon blogs floating around the tumblrsphere
Hell yea!
:: Thanks for the tweet!
It's our first day in What this means is for our customer is more features and much faster innovation out of us :)
Amazon in catalog: we are serving up our customers to commercial entities without real discussion or maybe real return. Our values?
Feel like & I missed something in the sports world last night since B let us sleep 7 straight hrs- right?
I said Burr, It's cold in here, there must be some torros in the atmosphere? I know you don't think some white girl thought that up….
in that case, I vote massage
are you still taking requests to be a wedding photographer? Come to Chicago in May 2012
3g and 4g for are having issues in Sacramento, CA.
That's great. I don't understand you math though.
Girl, you look so uncomfortable, it almost make me wanna cry for you.
I can't wait to go to universal with my baby; I'm gonna make him drive though
Tim Tebow should stay on the Denver bench and study under Peyton. An Aaron Rogers approach if you will.
RT : After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music. ~ Aldous Huxley ♨
Just picked up my pictures I took yesterday of the ladies &d gents...they came out good :)
To Be
I was all anti-gluten-free diets til I found out Cheetos were still on the menu. Now I say beat gluten like it's been hidin' WMDs!
where do you live? No ?
Can we please trend #PrayForLauren? If it trends I will take a pic and show her. It would make her feel better knowing so many people care!
BUT I NOT FOLLOWING HIM AND HE NOT FOLLOWING ME
“: We could sit around and cry but frankly you're not worth it anymore.”
There's still hope!
Officially out of club WAL and moved into club LYYOONNNSSS???? Moving day sucks.
Dont forget! Get stunning original paintings 10% off when you use the code TWEET10 www.shadowglacier.etsy.com
has officially started my journey to atlanta! wish me luck and keep me in your prayers :D
Hope you had a great weekend too!
This is a great article! Biting but honest and realistic. Thanks Claire!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!! Thank you to mothers everywhere for all that you do!!
Private prisons? Another thinly-disguised scheme to transfer taxes paid by the working class to the privileged corporate class.
Don't let the muggles get you down.
Kendrick Perkins Day-to-day for Oklahoma City #Thunder with Hip Strain
I have increased by a few readers. I plan to do more with it.
I'm with you...and I ran out of my favorite creamer at work :(
“: Customized, aggregated, relevant and social (cars) rubric for thinking about the future of products and services #idea10”
Don't mean to brag, but I'm going in on this Heavy D tribute! W.absolutevibezradio.com PEEP IT!!!!
What makes it so def?
Mr. Slow Driver, instead of tapping your brakes, how about you MOVE!
Happy Birthday to -- who, though once convincing me falsely that he was Superman, is a pretty great brother. Happy Birthday!
Damn, I haven't been on twitter in a long time, but I hate this new style! So laggy! :(
Best. Feeling. Ever.
also, just heard DJ Laz is leaving That's tragic, he's been there forever
and are gonna love Col Legno.
God damn it twitter STOP YELLING AT ME I JUST WANT TO REFRESH T.T
So, I've done it - I've decided my top five for this years I don't think I'm right, but its always good to go crazy!
": Ravens Fans living in enemy territory this week. Need some backup from the Or maybe just a RT! :)"stay strong bro!
why aren't you playing?
I'm thinking about sun bathing all day.
Les Miles stayed with Jordan Jefferson way too long. Bama showed him no respect and Tigers never could get anything going. Bad game.
Excellent ideas for the creatives that like to make a difference as well!
Oh! What's the source of the feistiness?
thankyou so much for being my idol<3 i'll support u and your lucky lady (that i'm jealous of haha :p) everyday,all day,forever<3
No! If you and evil you meet you might cancel each other out (and that's the BEST case scenario).
Ozzie said at least one player Ravens could've taken at 29 is still around for tomorrow.
you're ugly shut the fuck up.
I was out 22 days at 150 diff places and unlocked 6 badges in the past month! (via )
YIKES! [in head hear "In Hampton, Hereford, and Hampshire, Hurri-canes hardly happen"]
New website coming soon! :)
looks like you're doing some great things! Keep up the good work
On to d next one, my last one wasnt d best one
i feel you! Same with us in chicagoo!
Finally! Mayor Nutter signs an Complete Streets Policy exec order requiring planners to consider cyclists & peds. (via )
Students looking to book flights to #paris & #madrid for the fall semester - try for discounts!
I'm so jealous Dawn! I loved him on The Nanny!!
Alright guys and gals, were back to 666 followers. Kinda awkward. Tell a friend to follow us please
- Grace and Peace, funny was just reading that article. Have a bless day!!
Awesome See you there!
Jeremy Loutensock wins Nell Propst History Contest with 'Unseen Glory - Journal-Advocate
Basement flooded over the weekend... pulled up carpet to try to help it dry. Might need to replace the carpet. - litfuse
Looking at selling your hop candy on my online stores.
:O. I said yo name you didn't answer so I went to sleep . lol
I need some excitement in my life
I'm surviving one day at a time.
Good Morning! :-)
OMG OMG TOMORROWS SCHOOL NEW SCHOOL :(
I just dont understand
A cool breeze blows east - whipping through the L.A. skyline - skipping over the gunky LA River - kicking up speed on the 101 - I'm cold now
Taking an MBA is a good decision because an MBA will certifies you as a master in business administration.
Twitter like, never ever works after midnight
Need something to do today.
Pucker up champion!
i could say the same(:
Via Chicago
I wonder why 35 news Is at oak ridge
uuuummmm...where is
After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are MANY more hills to climb.
Is there anybody from David's Sunflower Seeds on Twitter? I don't think I could live without your seeds.
hahaha I'm not lazy I'm in gym ttyt (:
Appreciate your article at PCMag on the Global Internet Speedup initiative!
Leave the mustache.
I don't think you can buy in stores but definitely online and in the shops that sell it for sure!
seemed too easy not to respond. Sorry.
Ooh la la... RT : Working on my French for a Theatre Company fundraiser tomorrow.
your finger will heal and no one likes a pointer anyway !
Congratulations to on tomorrows opening of the Preserve. A perfect addition to the Resort.
-> Super smart & very creative. (Learned that from HER own reality show.) Pulling for her to win it all!
Drink green tea all the time now
I hear the buses are starting to chain up. Be careful, Seattle!
I'd never read one of your reviews before but I read this week's and loved them. Very well done.
wht grade? N I joined the military bout two yrs back.... Bout to get shipped ova seas like n a month r so
Yeah she buzzed my head by accident. Absolute disaster!
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow 
Sunny Days wouldn't be so Special if it wasn't for Rain. But we selling Tacos Anyways. Serving between 6th and 7th on Walnut.
It's one of my favourite movies of the genre :)
Just finished SCUD:The Whole Shebang. Incredible work! Thanks Now where the fuck can I find a venting machine!?
link doesn't work
It's TOO EARLY IN THE MORNING TO GET UPSET!!! LORD CALM MY NERVES!! I HAVE TO REMIND MYSELF THAT NEXT WEEK IM GRADUATING!!!
Sunday night movies were The Eagle and Barney's Version. Enjoyed both, though Barney's Version was really depressing.
I know it's awesome!!!
thats not a pig
Thanks for offering peanut free baseball suites again this year. Go Nats!
It's hard to be humble, when you're as great as I am.
is listening to the new Joss Stone and getting thangs done ;-D
I'm waiting for one specific tweet.... Come on, do it already!
you guys are crazy
Still skimming book of dog breeds: Chinese Shar Pei. Immediately flashed on Separated at birth, possibly?
Just got back to ME from NYC after being delayed 5 hours only to find out I have an interview back in NY on Friday...arg...(NYC rocked btw)
Can some good weather come through and stay?!?!
Congratulations on your recent accomplishment. I wish you all the best in your future endeavors!
This 3 year old playing drums isn't as amazing as the expression on his face in conjunction with a 3 year old playing drums is funny....
Enjoying fun evening with and others at Elephant and Castle
thanks for the follow and support JP come check out all the crazy things we are doing and
Before twatch someone. Read all the surrounding tweets instead of finding one you don't like. It may not be what you think.
Romney will probably blame Obama for that cover.
Does anyone know what kind of veggies are Cherokee Trail of Tears, True Red Cranberry, and Arikara Yellow?
I need to get these ungodly folks from around me....
Take LIFE 4 What its Worth but still Know its Value
Its not good enough until its great, and when its great, its just good.
I just looked at the website, and it looks like a great development.
It was :) Living life offline is so bizarre to me now!
OMG that is SOO cool!!!!! Annd I love the fanfic so farr! :)
New State Bar website teaches middle school and high school students about landmark court cases www.texasbar.com/civics
Golden #Birthday officially over.
Pure deep and melodic euphoria 😊 perfect way to describe a state of trance 💗🎶
I've been keeping a lot of things to myself lately.
no, why would that be bad?!
Oreos and Apple Juice....Y.O.L.O
Glee By: Lea Michele,Cory Monteith♥
Congratulations to Gabby, Mountain West 1m & 3m champion!!!
AND less squishy but extremely small things that live in the mud-fide Ed Wilson
yayayya!! So happy we can eat al the time now!
Back in the black with a winning night! 2-2 +10.5 units tonight
As I get older, I'm starting to realize that one of my life skills may be dodging bullets that I don't think are bullets at the time.
What's the puppy bowl score?
Listen to my market report Thursday mornings at 6:20 and 7:40 online at 770KKOB.com and on the radio at 770 AM.
Ehh so over the bullshit honestly keeping to myself I don't need anyone...
I true man loves Phil Collins' "In the Air Tonight"
Sushi and cake coma...
You know you love someone when you want them to be happy, even if their happiness means that you’re not a part of it.
is a fag. foh
A chance at Muse tickets are coming up with the Eco Quiz!
W/o her yo life is going to crumble , why burn the bridges with someone that's doing for you
Good morning everyone...
damn girl! What's yo numba!
Ians coming too
Lifes too short to think small
it has Ryan Gosling in it. That's all that matters.
Personal question, I know, but what do you read?
no I wont give you my work I know your going to copy -.-
Gracias. May know a few people, but w/out a potential salary range, not sure if they'll apply. I so owe you a phone call.
I totally thought today was thursday when I woke up today.
I wonder if any if the folks who are so sure that the Anthony broad is guilty have ever sat on a jury. Who cares?
Guess I Put Money In The Wrong Persons Hands Again... You Never Know Until The Results Are Exposed!
Red carpet reception for Grand follower of the day :)
You just mad cuz menudo broke up
lol I'm down :)
I hope they have plans for mounting an offensive on the mice & other less pleasant aspects of the old location. :)
Thanks for the mention and the invitation to present to your group. Much appreciated. Enjoy the weekend weather!
i cannnttt ): doing the project fml
hallow,,,hw are u
you should let the fans vote on your outfit dilemma...
We made it to York's !
#ConnectedCulture audiobook CD is almost ready. Look for a link next week!
Can you please follow?(: In that Keek you did yesterday, who was that little boy?(; He is soo' cute!!<33
derby party:) ! so many people here
We're SLA, move on and lets see this alignment stuff pan out properly
Everything changes once we identify with being the witness to the story, instead of the actor in it.” ― Ram Dass
m the house smells like pumkin muffins
where'd all the people go?
Today is "World Malbec Day"...stop on by Purple Kirkland, order our "Malbec Flight" and we will take 10% off :-)
Cold pizza for brekky
natl officials wouldn't need 2nd jobs; they cash in post-term. $174K/yr is not "2nd job" necessary, u think?
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong. -Joseph Pearce
All svr t-storms warnings now canceled or expired.
There is NO justification for a law like this - particularly one that relys on some cop who never has to justify himself.
#SomeWomenCantStand the hurtful truth so they look for comfortable lies...
Merry CHRISTmas! God Bless you and your family! xoxo
It's better to have loved and lost than to have to do forty pounds of laundry a week. Dr. Laurence J. Peter
Can you believe it's August 1st?! Time flies when you are having fun. We hope you have a great Monday!
better now?
Getting ready to leave for school... Fml. No phone until i get home cuz i have to be treated like a damn kid... :/
please tell me you're not reffering to my crazy ex gf!
Amen!!! True!!! RT : When The Grass Is Cut The Snakes Will Show
great job in the 2011 wrap up, you make mornings better!
good morning all...have a pleasant & productive day
Hope your week gets better
Ok I get it - Facebook when your happy, Tumblr when bored, Tweet when your pissed off & Pintrest if your a total idiot... Got it!
This shouldnt stress me out this much #iwish i didnt care
There aint enough time in the day to digest all the bullshit and lies yall be feedin me
Like I'm made of glass, Like I'm made of paper Go on and try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground Like a skyscraper <3
It's 2012 and people want to use Facebook but need to learn the basics.
Fair play .. entertaining stuff
ALL RAPPERS AND SINGERS COME JOIN #HLE TODAY TO ENJOY THE BENEFITS OF FREE STUDIO TIME IN A #GREAT #REAL STUDIO!!! HIT UP
ARE YOU IN PORTLAND?!
I bet you anything you want that wont see this tweet and follow me.
Hi Damon, new twitter for me
: does that horror have anything to do with recognizing (part of) the self in the visually monstrous?
#MXpresidentialDebate AMLO vs Peña: "you copied my 2nd floor hwy project, but mine is a free road"
trust me he isn't good anymore. I would know
Big changes! Getting my eyebrows done! I have to unfollow a lot of people, tell me if I unfollowed you on accident. xoxo.
u can slang that shit. but dont use it no matter what
Saturdays shaping up to be an epic one getting excited with Leedo aka
#s12tot hi! I'm at UT-Austin in the school of information. Asst. Prof interested in scholarly information infrastructure
Something Smell like Deer Piss!
U showed me how to lie
It's official - I need to find a nice old picnic blanket ASAP!
Would be nice if live stream of #oetc12 didn't require flash - you know access from all devices.
I remember how excited I would get when a new high school musical movie would be coming out
I meant before they wrote that ending. I admit though Whedon was starting to do what he always does with loved characters
My dad is buying me Nutella. :D!
Thanks for the RTs! :)
Looking for a Legal Reference Librarian in DC with tax research experience - contact me if you know anyone looking!
getting ready for run this evening!
flexible girl :D like that picture and icon as well :D YOU GO GIRL!! ;D
Le sigh... Back to reality
never pictured you as a quitter. A Dreamer? yes. Quitter? No.
Sick as mutha EyeS Is red as a mutha hope this shit go away
what's your final four look like?
no problem! Lol I must say that does somewhat concern me though haha jk
Ty Doug for following😃🇺🇸
should drop Rush Limbaugh completely and gain DC listeners. I know many that have stopped listen to that station!
RT : All #Blazers Fans if you want to me meet and my bro ! Come to Big Al's in Beaverton!!
heh. You called my ass cute.
Industry is the soul of business and the keystone of prosperity. -Charles Dickens
Spurs party on!! GO SPURS GO!!
Gym done..
mommy told daddy to stfu and sleep on the couch.
bunk sandwiches, mi mero mole, brass tacks sandwiches, or food carts downtown.
Crazy excited after a great #Thunder win last night, but there are still 6 more games and we need to win 3 more. On the game 2!
Wow. Dump me then like my best friend? Whatever. Fml.
Is it just me or are normal sized headbands banned in Lebron games? Everyone else wears normal sized ones when he isn't playing..
ah! What happened?
If Obama's speech screws up #CougarTown tonight... #iwillnotbeahappycamper. At all.
Really well done, Andy. I remember when NCOD was created by Rob Eichberg & Jean O'Leary. We need more of that energy today.
tax info is like pollen and providers of tax info R like bees, reliable or useless characterizes the users conclusion as a flower or a weed
We are just starting an 8hr Day , Creativity in motion in the
who wants me to be weird and give you guys my role play like a boss???? lol
Pound the Alarm!
Its gonna be tough gettin it but its gotta be gotten because the familys gotta be taken care of...
OMG YES BACON BUNS I CANNOT WAIT I DREAM OF THOSE
HANIE IS BAD. By "bad" I mean all life stopping instantaneously and every molecule in my body exploding at the speed of light!
well good luck! Keep the twitterverse appraised of your news. And happy finals!
fair enough...
that's a nice come back.
Dear neighbor, probably in my building: In case you are wondering where they've gone too, your board shorts on my lanai.
LA can't muster the energy.
I need a nap but Arianna ain't gonna let it happen. :(
sweet! I'll cheer really loud for you!
oh cool thank u so much
Hey RaiderNation, we're one nation under a groove, getting down just for the funk of it One nation under a groove, nothing can stop us now!
I agree to an extent I think u raised good point about injury but I think he has changed to an extent
rolie-pollie-ollie looks fun today~! Smooth moves Sailor
Come visit me soon.
Lol I hope no one read that.
What are they protesting?
I love you too please come back Like reunion me you dani badildo
PARTY ROCK ": May 2nd we're going in for my dude Party Rock birthday with djdainjazone."
Spirit airlines might be the worst airline ever! Just saying...I'll second that
News flash people the are in the hunt for the Stanley Cup!! Quarterfinals start real soon!
“: I'm not shocked RT : today on twitter: Idris Elba & Raven Symone are gay.” :::Already Knew it ,
The California CHP officer with Oregon Duck tattoo KOIN6
haha thats so funny! definitely not the karaoke experience we were expecting
Driving thru Schenley Park blasting on this summery day.
damn dagger.
'You got a full size horse in your back seat! Who are you?'
Excited to find out we're going to have a section in the upcoming Bellinghamster Magazine. Gotta do the fun events differently. Pondering.
i hope he gets kreider city.... Hammer city
:O QA: My hair is thinning?!?!? soap
that's my goal too!
In freaks' Tarot card poker game, the hole card comes up Ace of Cups ("Injury by a Trusted Friend") and the psychic's guilty lover shudders.
I actually have a private account () I'm using my pseudonym for. I wish I'd started with it before I built a following.
Sugar Shout Out: Celeb Engagement Rings, DIY Makeup, Denim Icons &amp; Lots More!
I use like a file of magazine tear sheets- things I want to remember, looks I live, tips, recipes, ideas.
Am I the only one really grossed out by handkerchiefs?
Trick or Treat ? ! ♥
Excellent bar in DC. Thanks Diana!
Sen Buck - how many parents are successful in getting expulsions reversed?
Just finished my last final exam of all time! Forever! It's over! No more!
happy turkey day bro!
I wish Philly would get a little louder I can't hear the "you can't beat us" chant... Weird...
Heard the new rascal flatts song, banjo, thought it was a commercial for the singing bee!
Umass has a dude that makes Anthony Davis look like Renardo Sidney.
David Houle says we are moving from the info age to the shift age at DCVistage2012.
@ Britt's!
No plans tonight? come check out Carvin Jones 9pm Reverse Happy Hour starts at 10pm
I always #followback !
nothing really what u been up to
Great sites! RT Two favorites for music are and Curated by real people, then sorted by popularity.
yeah do that, I think that's sexy a fine ass girl like you who play video games
can't wait to come back in the summer it be better and blast
happy happy easter!!! church soon then a relaxing day with my family to follow #ilovemychurch&family 💙🙏
Will someone help me with followers?
I've heard of "ants in your pants", but NOTHING like this.
Damn nature, you scary
being noticed by is almost impossible, i want that he know how much i support him but he never see my tweets =( .
Your video was so moving, I got a little teary. Well done!
ill send them to you tonight ..
RT : First game ever at ends: #Columbus beats #Belen 6- 4 in a nail-biter.
Seriously made my morning, thanks for sharing! Happy Monday to you too. :)
Omg this episode is freaking Amazing :D
"Mackintosh's four shows (#Cats, #LesMiserables, #PhantomoftheOpera, #MissSaigon) have run on #Broadway for more than 62 years total and...
Game didn't live up to my expectations but w.e at least Barca lost... what's going on with messi and barca?
America has got serious problems this year. shouldn't have went home. :(
It's my lower back.
Proper incorporation of main and meta tags can raise the ranking of the web site. Keep the wisely.
Guess I will get married today.
Russ Smith has to play at least 22 minutes of the next 24 in this ball game for Louisville to win. He is the only scorer on that team.
They don't pay very well either. I signed up to be a contributor earlier this year, but you get 1/20th of a cent per transaction.
Super ugly criers, too!! RT : also, all of the boys crying - right ?
Terrific is an understatement...You can' beat NYC on such a day!
Putting the crew together for the movie. A sound guy is so relevant to have on set.
Who's celebrating birthday at Savoy Sunday??
Reminder, today and tomorrow are the last opening days for the #usfplib (and #usfp) until Jan 3. Open 8AM-5PM both days.
Shoutout to my new followers:
:) <3 sweet dreams:)
Could someone just be super nice and lend me $32,000 for the next four years? I just want to go to college :(
(1 flew over the cuckoo nest) 40,000 people Lobotomized in USA ,by called " Experts " , many ruined 4 rest of life.Don't trust the EXPERTS.
Moving an exercise bike today and it slipped out of my hand and fell solidly on my toe. Pretty sure it's broken.
Lmfao. Never again
I'm not convinced making #Hispanics2012 a campaign hashtag is a great idea. It would however, make a great t-shirt for
Going to see transformers 3d xd.
“: roll on Bum! How much longer you playing tonight?” till 2am cst
All i'm saying is that girls who have pink hair will do things that girls who don't have pink hair won't do.
Getting inside the DeLeo bros. musical heads...an eye opening experience for Thanks !
Just grabbed tix for on Saturday night . Lookin fwd to seeing it live. Truly part jazz, part SRV. Luv Twisted Blues!
Go go go keep going ... Don't stop ... Don't quit ... Give the world your best .... and you are a winner ...
You Smilin For What Reason.?
Headed to #hfes2010? Be sure to say hello to SMI's Mark & Jennifer! Cc/
email = out of control
I've written code in a pretty large range of languages and found features I like in all of them, is it okay if I just don't like perl?
who doesn't
I'm thinking a bit African as well
And now September needs to get here pronto!
Lol damn can't sleep time for a 🚬 I wish someone else was awake!!
Chicago needs u both double team us and gang bang us pow
im cool(: and yeah im defffff good with mint
dragonfly pool by eva ibbotson on my kindle
OH MAN. The playoffs rule. Huge goal.
😏that's right
I don't know, but that wld be a cool feature. Westlaw, etc., can do that w case #s, so it should be possible
Hell yeah! RT If we hooked up a shuttle that went back and forth to #HSt on gamedays (pre and post-game) would you use it?
I won't make it tomorrow, but I'll be on wed. Looking forward to hearing more!
At the local bar I go to, the bartender looks just like you but she has tons of tattoos. It's kind of weird actually.
Yeah, I need to get back to all of that. And I need to focus.
It comes to mind that anything/anyone associated w/ a "Palin" is surely not a winner. #Newt thanks Todd Palin for taking him down loser lane
Happy Pancake Day Liberal, Kansas!!!! Run Liberal Run:) <3
She say ” I CAN'T GET ENOUGH”
I want to play Six Degrees from Ms. Aviv!
Sending so much love to my dad who's in the hospital today! He's been fighting Stage IV cancer for a year. He is a gladiator.
Hector Hugh Munro~ He is one of those people who would be enormously improved by death.
oh, never mind. how do you get started on twitter? it's still not as fun as myspace or facebook to me. not enough going on.
10 Ways the NFL Got Ruined by Pop-Culture &amp; Technology
Superbowl Sunday move?
Thanks! Are you referring to my dress? Thank you!
Now I'm confused lol
Welcome aboard! Thanks for all you did in NY... Always gonna have a place here for YOU! Good luck with
this site is so wrong! What people do with their personal lives is their business! It shouldn't be shared on the internet!
Hey! I get my braces next Tuesday ( ; it's about time!
kinda pissed you think that about me...
I knw I miss yal too I feel out da application to cum bck out der & da AT&T so im cumin if day call me
I will never apologize for partying...unless it affects my ability to party at a later time...
at least we know now where all the celebs stay in NYC :)
Conda just got a little blonder!
70% of materials in the curriculum were out of date or out of print.
You dont look like much of a man from where I stand. Desperation showed its truth.
David asked if Pretty In Pink is the one with the sister's wedding or one with Duckie. Said I hope they shrivel up and fall off.
There was SO much #fiercepretty happening on that dance floor. Well done, Molly. Way to throw down.
It's a new dawn, it's a new day, it's a new life for me... And I'm feeling good!
Fulmer Cup is about to resemble the stock market ticker tape.
#Reds Aroldis Chapman's strikeout of Rickie Weeks: 100, 100, 99, 101. Some like it hot...some like it hot
treats his followers to "food porn" when he and David go out for dinner. It's quite entertaining. Take pics'n tweet!
It all starts with one. One person, one idea, one commitment to see it through.
So, I just scrolled upon on my TL. I thought this stuff over! Guess not.
Hate Mondays. Annoy Tuesday. Ignore Wednesday. Smile Thursday. Love Friday. Enjoy Saturday. Damn Sunday.
When Ariana said she's into things from the 50's, Paul Cannaday was NOT what she meant at all
No such luck, off to perf measurers instead.
Made it to the last check out step at and got denied. Major hang ups on the site today.
One grape vine produce can produce about 20 to 30 glasses of wine
Run Jonas Run Coomo los amo *-*
Pray is my favorite song
"It's very obvious that we are very concerned. We've set up emergency operation centers," CDC spokesman Dave Daigle told AFP.
You guys are welcome anytime!
congrats on the Chronicle article!
#Bumbershoot was badly organized this year, although seeing The Kills made up for the fact that we couldn't get into half of the shows.
I miss you baby
what is A is like one of the girls moms?! Weiirrrdddd. #Aday :)
Help us get to 3,000 likes on Facebook before we release our music video! Tell all your twitter friends to check out our page!
Seriously? That just made my month. Where will you be reading? I'll be in LA area the week of 31 Oct.
FOLLOW ME. I read an article in the Post bout ur pay cut...u admire ur handling of the situation. Ill always remember you!
is so awesome everyone should follow her.
Love you too girlfraaaaand! :D
I thought gmail forgot about changing me back to New Version & I'd gotten away with keeping Old Version. Nope. Cruel fate caught up today.
Or the Chargers. RT : U know who's really sick right now after Brees breaks record. The Miami Dolphins. Should of signed him!
haha<3 how old are you now?:)
Homeless man with no shoes bummed a smoke and took a call on his iPhone. Wasn't expecting that last part.
Awkward geting up early, having the little cousin see her Easter basket & then everyone going back to sleep..even the dogs lol :)
#saturdaylibrarian, manning the reference desk and pondering the future...
. Great service at Evans Toyota on Saturday! They found some problems during routine maintenance and finished same day!
Presidential vote commences again...
May not be wise to go to San Francisco again in July, I may not want to leave.
Last day for the NHRA's Northwest National Open. $10 adult admission. Don't miss out on the excitement!!!
lol for sure! i went to reply to someone and i told me i was over my message limit thats when i realized it!
Alright, Ima talk to you Monday, Ima give you a little treat *wink* We gonna talk about business
it can be done, you just have to customize it for your needs. So excited for you!
Also, this will shock you but the audience for Dirty Dancing is trending female.
I hear u, but I'm not sure UK spends too much time worrying about that when 24,000 show up for Samford, Radford & Lamar.
Listening to talk about
All these cute couples at Avengers... And I'm here with my brother.
they just know you're addicted
just facts, people.//“: Gundy: "We won by 34 points against the 10th ranked team in the country."”
are you around at lunch? Still wanna pick your brain on js, rails bridge before we all depart...
if thats my diamonds..
 RT : this new skirt make my ass look phat . looks are deceiving !!! lmao
you caught me blue handed x)
RT : Who is attending #EarthDay celebration on Sunday?! #car2go will be there!
I might drop a bomb of myself on soldier field, what you guys think???
Thanks! I'd love to see a pic of it running in your dock.
Sending you big hugs.
oh, you have a nice memory.
Working out the details on upcoming projects
Luis the ref
Is it the weekend yet???
RT : #Adobe planning to build a billion-dollar SaaS business.
Wth happened last night?
RT ": #IMightBeWrongBut It always seems like good people receive the worst treatment, & the bad ones prosper."
Marshalls! Thanks for watching ;-)
take'em back I like the other ones...!lol
FUCK IT ALL I MISSED THE KIDS CHOICE AWARDS
Tonight! Locust Productions Presents: Blackbird opens tonight!!!!!!
I am OFFICIALLY going to UNC - Chapel Hill this fall!!
I want to play Starhawk some more but knowing that I get nothing after a disconnect, and they happen all the time, makes me rage inside.
We LOVE our fans! Tonight maybe your night to win an iPad2.Easy,Fun & FREE to play.Put some excitment in your Mon. night's.www.playffnow.com
DON'T FORGET 4/21 a very special Norah Jones 7" proceeds to benefit Lost Pines / Bastrop recovery efforts!
I am fluent but I still like to read recaps just in case I missed something. Plus it is fun to read recaps anyway :)
Is having yummy cocktails with Eilecia @ the Mondrian in SoBe :-D
In denial of how much homework I have these next 2 weeks
555- Yourr pretty Chill &sweet! I dont think we've talked before. tweet me sometime :)
Deleting one 'ha' from your 'hahahhahaha' because you feel like it's too much.
There are some days when it's nothing but work wall to wall, and it might be hard, but you have to remember - someday it will be worth it.
Take me with you.
luckily all we needed was one vote
Did you hurry out or still here? Want to see you!
Nothing !!!! Just I told you that I block
staff reporting being repeatedly bumped out of webclient yesterday and today.
#Taxes are due by the end of the month! Who's doing your #bookkeeping? 775.348.9225
As crazy as I am, You stay saying shit, that even I wouldn't retweet.
So just had dinner now time for some party time lol naa just a chill kinda night
Dude at the bar just sung "Fuck Her Gently" by Tenacious D to my friends and I. All I can say is WOW!
I'm about to be out. Go when I get back??
The message from our station hosts- it's important for ALL of us to VOTE!
Watched the trailer - not obsessed
Has anybody really went dumpster diving? If so what were the treasures??
Republican speak: regular, "let me have some soup." GOP SPEAK: "Let me have some job killing soup"
Not bout to fuck my good thing up
no sank a yew !
Feeling god.
MIDDAY WEDNESDAY at noon: Reversing terrorist radicalization, University of Maryland Response to Terrorism
that fine I had someone do that to me too
If you have a TWITTER Drop Ya Name on here and We Can Link Up!!
Social/economic disparity top 1% vs bottom 99%; worldwide societies waking up; speaking out #OWS POLICE take orders frm 1%, don't blame PDs
it was actually clean when I got done with it thank you very much. Not my fault my swag is on a hundred.
RIP Gary Coleman. A part of my childhood memories. You were a good man and you will be missed.
Stomach ache! :(
.: Nobody asking mayor how much $ being spent to roust protesters. says been asking. Answer sposed 2 b coming.
What You Get From Facebook Pages: Default Information
Programing Server possible fix to ongoing problem
Thanks for the RT, Joyce
Exactly. RT : My favorite is the part where Keller makes clear he's completely ignorant of the current state of copyright law.
Wish they'd warn us ahead of time when #Packers wear their throw-up unis, so we could take some pepto
thank you very much. I love when people like my studio. Reach out anytime
hey! Im taking credit for naming that one, along with the guys at kill shakespeare!
I ate me a veggie 4 the 1st time & it was pretty good :)
You say you're happy to be with me yet you don't stay with me longer than a week
on making out during a movie: "With prices these days, my date's lucky if I even acknowledge their existence in the theater!"
I hate when Ive drank a lot but I sober up so there's no point in drinking all that amount again to get drunk cause that'll kill my body.
It's almost time for a brand new RMG newsletter! There's just SO much awesome stuff happening to tell you guys about!
Hey my Boo!
Umm... Chipotle is owned by McDonald's? What?? Is this true?
Of course I remember you, hope you are doing good. says hello! Hopefully we will get to see you soon.
O There is going to be a one time only Cirque du Soleil piece tonight at the #Oscars!
Hope you had a great workout! RT : I'm Out! here I come.
Who thinks a potato-skin #pizza would taste epic? Bacon, sour cream, the whole nine yards...
MLA in Philadelphia
I'm definitely on Cloud 9. 😊
Go Hawks! The just put up a 97-87 win over the pacers with a huge 28 point 12 board game from Josh Smith
Are you enjoying your Sunday?
#Globalcensorshipyale starting now with a panel on the effectiveness of online activism. I'll be tweeting from here intermittently until Sun
fresh gear just in
I'd like to officially thank my iPod for shuffling to Dave Alvin twice this AM - its now a Guilty Men Wednesday.
The Huff children are representing me this day!
Spurs who weren't with team in last postseason - Leonard, Jackson and Diaw - making superb impact.
Bailey is the best!(:
Am I really feeling OG Tonight im not sure
aww, babe, you are so sweet - would love to see you in your nurse's uniform. Haha - feeling better & horny - been watching a bit of
#nowfollowing ☞ Her tweets contain material that may not be suitable for some viewers. Viewers discretion advised....
what? leaving SDSU? where are you headed?
what are you studying?!
depends on the film? :P
And we can show them with emoticons... :)
thanks! Honored to be a contributor among such esteemed company.
u got that right haha
Pahahaha chill girly :) its just ur fone actin a fool! Relax and enjoy MY OREOS!!! :)
I wanna go the CMA festival this summer,
if its not a big deal to you, then why get people in trouble?
3 more weeks and I'm out of this shitty place.
Who's next for the legendary kill list this year Wicked Will has gone missing his name will be on the kill list wherever Demonic Will be!!!!
Is Aaron Craft drunk? #gobucks ??
thanks for the support
Because I love you so so so so much I'll make a video only for you Guys !!! Tell me if someone wants to be a part of this video ?
is Maya ok? Do you see Dr.Neumann?
Had lunch today. Delicious as always!
G'mornin' people. Where my nutjobs at? Let's make the internet a distraction today. More than usual.
Tonight! MXTP! Be there. Gonna be a blast.
i changed my name :)
The language of friendship is not words but meanings
Coming down 71 was the long way even when I lived 10 miles east of my present location. No better option though.
Just ran about 6-8 miles with I think I'm dead
. LOL! I went ahead and followed two days early. I can be a rebel, too.
Hangin with my kid and listening to Coldplay! Blame it on a rush of blood to the head!
the hair is the source of my powers, don't tell!
Roddy White of the NFLs Atlanta Falcons, is slowly becoming my favorite NFL player. Dude speaks the truth...
My 5th period teacher called me a mira mira. O.o
RT : My advice for TIGER, give Foley a putting lesson, so you can remember what you do! Not the other way around..C,MON!
": RT“: ... one of Fast Company's 100 Most Creative People in #Business” I agree!"
I support Bieber. But sometimes, you gotta make fun of him. :) Shawty Shawty Shawty Swag Swag Swag Shawty Swag Snow in November :) haha
#AskSpurlock can I plz see a black hero in a movie that's not a drunk
ha! Just be sure he doesn't get his hands on a bat!
Last month 1,597 Florida Welfare Applicants declined to take drug test. 32 failed and 7,028 passed. The testing program will deliver savings
Driving drunk boy home just became more of a game of hoping the car he's aiming his cap gun at isn't a cop.
I'm taking my shirt to Panama City Beach, is that bad luck?
Thank God for my music & my speakers ❤ or else i dnt even know how i could everr do homework 😒👎
Don't pay a single penny for #SEO until we have achieved results for you. We are now accepting performance based payments. Please Retweet
My mom has Been on my ass lately & idk why
“: Porn stars: please send me your blog posts to edit before you post them. I can do this free of charge.” Class act defined.
AWOL by Broadway has never been more relevant to my life right now. I want to go back in time a week.
TV Commercials: "Call in the next 10 minutes and recieve all this for free!" Pshh. . . Like they know when I watched this. . .
He said I got Your back #smh questionable!
PLEASE TELL HIM TO FOLLOW ME!:) Pleasee.. --->
lol nahh i dont do dat stuff. dont wanna f up my life before i become a lawyer and make my own private school
#ilovemydadeventhough he says I'm having too much fun
lolzzzzz love it
MT Walker policies chase jobs out of WI - 4,000+ lost in March. New ad campaign will make this a major #wirecall issue.
I am fine how are u bud
please follow??? Thanks!
Omg caught up on REVENGE!!!!!! amazing!!!
working hard!! You go boy! How's HI?
Sometimes if u give a little, u might be surprised if u get some in return!!!
#GoTribe Can we get a win? 1 more inning
Great spot and proud member of the Cider Revolution! Check it out!
Um...I want that salad pizza in my mouth immediately. That's what she said? :)
two things i'm not used to: (1) a porous packers defense and (2) commentators talking about the opposing qb more than our qb
Give us your Mental, Your Barmy, Your Gotham masses yearning to be Green. Join & Support in #NYC. #RCTID No Pity Coast to Coast!
thanks so much guys, great night!
Back from gym. Signed up.
OH I REMEMBER WHEN WAS ON THE CUZ I WAS IN LOVE WIT ANFERNEE PENNY HARDAWAY
Lol. I'll post it on twitter but hopefully it won't be necessary. RT : bring out the clippers!
“: #ThingsMyBestfriendsDo always think of ways to get us killed, or worse, expelled”
she was the queen of the night! this is heartbreaking...
How are we currently using Web2.0 applications in our organisations? #Web20Lsk It will be nice to get feedback on this one
The Masters is the only place where you are proud to sport a jacket that would get you banned from the club anywhere else
Josh Hamilton's numbers to start the year are unreal!
Already on pg.63 of The Lean Startup. Pretty great book.
Hey guys how's everyone day good or bad?
When I've been shut out and persuaded I'm not fit for the presence of God, Jesus reaches out an touches me! Mark 1:40-45
AWE Snap!! #SwampPeople season 3 starts TONIGHT!! Not sure why I love this show :) #WeirdAddiction #TootEmElizabeth #Yea..Yea..Yea..Yea!!
Wow so many people had something so nice to say too me in the past two days haha it's me Daniel rosa from the voice!!! Please follow me!
Fat Vanessa tells me Willie Nelson smoked a 500 dollar bag of weed.
On this pamphlet they handed out at testing it says results will be emailed in 7-10 business days.
Wolves in sheep clothing.. Thy really exist RT Beware of those who attempt to be close to u only to destroy u!!!
I'm looking for latin style cooks for SalsaPalooza. Salsa music stars, Food & Wine. California & Fla shows. anyone Interested?
thank you for the follow
Going to get me & alaysia sum shoes & a outfit alike to take mothers day pics
Ugh...well, in other news, no Ruutu tomorrow...that should help.
His career is now on life support! That's politics!!
GPS Systems intended for Ntp Time Servers and Timing Programs
that's cool
*embarrassed* =D
Laser eye surgery, what a waste of money. Two weeks and my eyes haven't fired a single laser yet.
Last day for Made 2 Move Fitness. Go to www.bigbeedeals.net to check out the deal.
Wow, only a month away from work and I had forgotten how horrible Sakai was.
Was the bodyguard that found Whitney Houston THE bodyguard? #toosoon?
I may not use these quote, but I�m printing and have already taken time to reflect on a few
totally agree
here ill dm you
Did you know: Smackdown on SyFy: last Friday, more people watched Smackdown than the NFL Draft on ESPN! <OVER THE LIMIT12>
no school tomorrow, still gotta get up early tho !
It's hard being with someone that everybody wants
Yes. Deep breaths when feeling confined. Good luck!
Congrats to ALL #DNation runners who ran the Chicago Polar Dash and the You #milwaukee #runners rock!
when was this?! It doesn't show up on his YouTube comments & such.. 0.o
The true aesthetic moment lies between pornography and didacticism
Happy Birthday I wish you the very Best. This is your Year! You're a Blessing in my life and I love you for that, Squeeze
He's always in and out, so he doesn't count.
A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving
But the whole concept of a surname is fraught with Christian overtones, so there is a point behind it all.
A drop in the ocean,A change in the weather I was prayin that u n me might end up together... <3<3 Ron pope on replay is helping kinda...
Breathe like an athlete - Kansas City Star
hey.. can we use your pic of the parking Jagoff for a blog post on our blog?
S/O To all the fans that still dnt hav a follow frm him iclude me
LOL. Later (x Promise.
Hello Twitter World. It's nice to be here!
UFC 130 live on pay per view! Get here early tonight. Happy our til 6pm. Going to be great night of fun
what did u do now?
Enjoyed 30 miles of running this weekend...
Your team is not there to affirm you, they are there to fulfill the vision! Via
It involved
From the perspective of a traditional conference, at an unconference the attendees are the program committee
Rick Santorum was a member of the first Olympic Jamaican Bobsled team
Beauty! RT Loving the #bashh vibe w & more!
Angela Chase's mom just fed acid to Roger Sterling!
RT “: On the court for Butler right now, a preview of 2012-13: Aldridge-Hopkins-Woods-Fromm-Marshall.”
I remember the librarians more than some of my teachers ... a long time ago.
Himalayan Salt overstock sale ends tommorow. Shop now to save big. Have a great day.
what did you get on your paper?
was the show stopper but is the show stealing mouth dropping performer ! Last night proved it !
Word challenge: Use "flabbergasted" in casual conversation before noon! Tweet when u do! Good luck!
#BrianKelly's comments or not...#NotreDameFootball players bond together to beat a classy #NavyFootball team...Congrats all & GO IRISH!
Is it bad that I find staying home with Pinterest and a can of cranberry sauce a perfectly acceptable Saturday night?
Rocca still mediocre...
HURRY UP & stop being a tease!
That's why when I order the California Club at TGI Fridays, I ask for no avocado. This girl's a genius. :)
Definitely gonna get out of this stop sign ticket when I plea "I like, totally paused."
i follow anyone
need some new followers...follow me
Surreal... #addicted2 39 dollars, shotgun and bazooka included. (via )
Hadn't heard of them. Thanks for the mention!
Last call: Who wants to be my guest (comped) for Scottsboro Boys, Sat 8pm at The Old Globe in SD? You'd meet me at the theatre.
Watching this Lakers game is like looking at the scene of an accident, or some saying like that? Its ugly yet I can't turn it off
People interested in SCAPE should follow their tweets
great food at awesome view as well
that's ok Ricky, save em for the 2nd half.
I've been great ! So caught up with dance and school! (:
Google AdWords Tests Trusted Stores Endorsements
Making candy! Sounds fancy. What do you make?
Can of soup on my desk expired Nov 2009. How long does that mean its been sitting there?
They need to legalize weed, not gays
...and it's frickin' fast!
In PPR probably a safer play, but I still like the upside of Cribbs. In standard scoring Cribbs. Did you get Moore in last night?
should rename this show "dan le batard is highly unfunny"
where isit taking place????
I was badly beaten and my throats raw from screaming. I can't breathe. How the fuck does no one hear my screams. Why wasn't I helped?
At #SaveKLSD Premiere. "Must See" Film abt. Media Consolidation. Avail on. Amazon.
We follow the Golden Rule #followus and we #followback #Denver and as always with #gratitude, #appreciation and
folks b so #petty dez days its crazy dats y i jus stay to my mf self !!!!
oh yeah that is so true. Haha
RT : Breaking news: The Indianapolis Colts have released all of their fans.
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.
I don't know if I feel the love... I feel something closer to a burnng sensation
There are monitoring systems in all rooms at Groves.
Faith lyin she aint goin to bed she gettin ready to come stay the bight at my house
u know when u realize that the cats already out the bag and thats basically it...theres no turning bk? yh that -________-
Yeah. It was very quick. I only had time to check once, but we were on pace with AP. I'd call the BOE, for sure!
So I unfollowed a few Metro critics today. Openly mocking the transit agency isn't productive, and my feed is better without them.
good to see you on twitter, partner!
It's a blurry line sometimes : figuratively fellas... But who knows... Lol RT
I cringe whenever comes on my Pandora. Can't stand that band. This "For the First Time" song is pretty good, though.
grab your jacket on the way out cause it is WINDY!!!!
life is boring unless you meet someone....
As they say, you have to be lucky to be good and good to be lucky, that's what the Dodgers have been since the sale to Magic!
JuT got to the Bon Jovi concert, consellatiob prize for the KQ contest.....i think we're gonna go to a dingy stripvlub instead.....no wait..
thanks Eve, I'm exotic like that lol, u hollywood in urz!
LETS DO 1 MILLION COPIES! CANT WAIT FOR THE RELEASE...... WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM OR GOOGLE IT
Thanks for spreading the word Stanton!
Am I really eating a dry (no dressing) salad right now??? Who am I......?
Pretty sure I'm going to take myself on a movie date tomorrow.
#wewontworkoutif there is no airconditioning in the gym lol
what #MakesMeMad is the fact that a friend you were so close with can change in a matter of seconds and become your enemy!! smh..
Guess what? Tons of Marsh Marigolds r up now. Won't be long until there's a bunch more. Going looking 4 trilliums next. ;)
#girlsnightlive is going to be in Arlington, TX on March 22nd at the Pantego Bible Church.
Such a beautiful day out! Take advantage of it and go out for a run or play some soccer! Be Sportaneous!
That's cool! Thanks for following me.
Too much information? IDGAF
60 minutes a day is what they say : )
Bushwhacking or whackingbush. Things I like to beat around.
works mostly in other disciplines: computer science, humanities, speech recognition, making resources more available
And mybest friend likes my other best friend. :/
MT : there's something to be said for "thinking inside a tool."
Getting ready for work..!!
Paris like to drink, Paris like to smoke, Paris like to drink Arm&Hammer with her coke haha
young man, you need to stop it this instant!!!!
going shopping!
can I be in the story
o love your blog <3 :)
love u too, bro. Def gonna try to get to Nola in April.
Taxpayers deserve more from than an inaccessible vehicle w no promise of local jobs -- from a company doing business in Iran
no way! YOU'RE in!
EVERYONE WANT TO BE IMPORTANT.
how do you feel about left field
Same Day Appts #Salon & Full #Barber Home of the $75 #weave #braids Full Grooming and Shoe shine.
The twitterverse should know how much I love my boyfriend,
Hey Scott, gr8 meeting you.hoped you'd take tourney down. I'd like to interview you soon- now, if you've time? or mayB satrday?
YES! guh. Quite a shocking difference when you are expecting smooth and creamy
thx for the RT, and for keeping your stuff free.
It's starting to snow downtown.
me too lol
Can't wait for my lunch at later.
Hi Cynthia! I would love to attend! thnx, dale diercks
We have been on Twitter 2 years today!
some people lol
I'm trying I am
Getting ready to hit the gym Hard!
Whoever refuses to remember the inhumanity is prone to new risks of infection.
I've always wanted to be a werewolf or vampire in a show or movie. Looks fun! :D
haha I will
See what's happening on VAF Page and Group. New stuff!
Sneaky under table tweet/ sly wank moment
The #Bills signed T.O. once too. Relax.
Cats on a roll!
#Mitt2012 RT : Everybody does dumb shit in high school. Not everyone targets a gay student because he is gay & assaults him.
I don't think ESPN is ready. RT Watching Around the Horn w/ and we think that should be on there.
Don't forget to register for Friday's 1pm User Group showcasing our myCampus Mobile 2.0 app ! Email to sign up!
On student loans. Others already broke it RT Sorry guys, still no on-record guidance about 's announcement at 4p
My android phone just played a jazz song all by itself. Is someone trying to tell me something?
bro these are cold. Remember that day you had those all black ones on they were crusty lol
I WANT TO WIN the EYENIMAL pup cam from
Some of the BEST young actors in the world to
At this damn meeting
Happy Birthday! Have a good'n as your 18;) xx
Unknown Author: Success depends on your backbone, not your wishbone
OK these Yahoo CAPTCHAs are getting annoying to max...
Im not even hungry no more
why you say that ? (:
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 The Rules of Camping
who u think wins that game tonight?
thanks for showing love <3333
Proud of my bro and UW grad who's doing his best for in Houston. Appreciate the shoutout from !
That's gorgeous! <3 :)
Hope you’ve had a relaxing Sunday so far! We’re ready for dinner—a classic hamburger and Belgian fries with a side of Jack Daniel’s Ketchup!
chillin an u
you make French fries! I called dinosaur nuggets and fancy sauce... Also why do we always want to make the same food?
3 on that rally
#HappyBdayRyan :) 16!! :) You are amazing,talented,handsome,and perfect :) have a GREAT birthday<3
Another great day of executive coaching n Buckhead! 1 new client emailed me mid-afternoon 2 say 'Thanks,I feel like I can b myself '
just an FYI lovejoy is doing a live town hall on tonight so feel free to join and ask him whatever!
Sammie is jealous they get moms attention
im a #bielieber a #iconiac an #mollyiac and #mikezter a #nickanator a #mad girl a #millieator a #grand girl a #chachinator a
I just be up late as hell
followback,is Sexy related to sexy tweets
We leave for SXSW tomorrow! Anyone else going?
My Opinions have no fucks involed ..Can you dig it?
So sappy, but I feel like I already got my #PerfectGift when I got this job! Tell yours and will donate $1 to
Happy Jazz Thursday! Have a great summer evening!
Missing my guys :(
Thanks for following us, Louise!
My birthday is in 3 days and I still look like a 14 year old. -_-
WSU Regents approve design for new Northside Residence Hall - Will be b/w Regents & Streit-Perham across from Track
it's my yaris.
Online(: havent been on this in forever .__.
Was just in a meeting w/Ken Kramer & a guy who worked on holographic Tupac. Balboa Park 2015 should be amazing.
The energy has been taken from this game. Understandably so
24 Hours to Launch.. please check your gear and await the countdown
I love so much right now.
RT : Did you know today is World Water Day? I didn't. I was telling the kids about how some people don't even have......
after hearing those songs I don't think it should be free
the more I see what is saying the more I think he has absolutely no clue about anything
beautiful day and night at Pier 60 today.
Santorum holding up an etch a sketch while talking about Romney
We are a must stop for savvy fashionistas, recessionistas, and recyclistas. Vintage Collection launches April 9.
NETWORK ~ ~ WE DON'T WANT SMALL CONVO JUST BIG BUCKS ...INTERNATIONALLY
usually its some rogue app u let have access to your twitter acc... i'd check those u gave permissions 2
It hurts when you want someone you can’t have. It hurts even more when you’ve lost someone you’ve once had.
Nobody lives forever, but especially not that homeless person I just ran over
Here to help new or seasoned real estate investors!
Follow us back. Boston loves what you do!
this was taken down. We frequently give people trials so they can feel the awesomeness of domu. Who doesn't like free leads?!
If two past lovers can remain friends, its either they are still in love, or never were.
Hello peeps, whats good for today?
its okay beautiful !
My love my heart is breathing for this moment. ~one direction(moments)💗
#barebonesfilmfestival It's almost Turkey Day with , , ,
I wonder what Facebook's problem was!?
Frankly, I don't see how the whiteboard isn't standard issue in every cubicle or office.
You can do eeet, Josie! Don't give up.
Amazing dance scene in my new short film...Choreographed by ATL Performer
good thing I brought my jacket, it's going to rain ☔☔⚡☔ and I'm cold
I believe that everyone would have been moved and touched in some way by that performance.
ah :D where are you from again hun? :)
Awesome! Cool looking Betta! I'm going to get some tonight, my one take is looking sad after my oscar died.
Wincing. Perry's talking. Hold on!
I jus Cooley Cool'd Up my FOLLOW ME
you still haven't taken my picture off?
Anyone else get turned on by the big bad wolf? Wish he was huffing and puffing outside my house right now.
I don't know but I feel I did something wrong .. hunmmm. I just feel that.
I got that job with dave. I start in a couple weeks.
Social overkill? Enterprise-level companies of over 1000 employees now average 178 corporate-owned social media accounts.
thank u
Great! See you there :)
Exactly. I like this optimism :) RT : yes, but it shows dedication that you're already planning it on Monday!
Green Apple Lemonade <3
Get your snazzy Lottie's T-shirt now! All cotton w/ pleasing colors and design.
You ain't gotta lie to kicc it,Just be yourself
Yes, wish it was more than one a month! I think some libraries are now lending books via Kindle too
Poised Creation is committed 100% to changing the world through non-profit charities!!!
Crazy Bitches of Comedy are returning to Jokerz Wild in CT this Friday the 13th! Hope to see all of you there !
(con) I'm all like hi I'm Nolan..... Like I don't think I belong here at all
I'm so exhausted :( I really want a massage right now!
All I know is I don't want this night to end
I've said it before but I'll continue to do so until I'm blue in the face. The Facebook app for iPhone sucks... Yet still I use it
Trust issues.
I hate school. It sucks. I lost my book, probs wont see it again. My teacher scares me. What to do... #ignoreit?
WE WILL BE HOSTING A PARTY WITH SWEET LUX AT OUR FIRST EYE CANDY FASHION EVENT TONIGHT!
Gronkowski reminds me of Drago in Rocky IV! He's so gi-normous!
This is gonna sound weird but you just took the shape od a unicorn for a minute.
The guy in Princess Diaries 2 is handsome <3
Good to have some days off. Tomorrow back to the real world though.....
OMG. That's amazing! cc: RT : Have you seen this account?
Another great day in Nashville!
fancy pants.
you cute btw
Go buy some new merch, you won't regret it...all the cool kids are doing it! RDBFamily ✌
A few spots at #THATCamp Columbus have opened up due to cancellation! If interested, DM us or email thatcampcolumbus at g mail dot com.
