I am hilarious. Still driving East. “: Not sure I've laughed as much as I have the last 2 days ... you're a trip!”
Thx for the #follow Follow my friends and - they
boo houses. It's all abou apartments #ManhattanForever!
now that there's an open bottle of wine in the house...i'm finding it really hard not to drink it. regardless of it being 9:30 a.m.
I swear I should have a bruise on my arm from where Blair kep hittin me yesterday durin the volleyball game.
Ayye y'all I'm a good drawler huh? Haha
my boss is the nerdiest. water sandals are apparently appropriate work footwear, y'all.
Sorry i love You and gaga
Robert Downey, Jr. por vida and Long named multi-threats tickle my fancy.
That's more of a graphic with a couple of lines of text.
: tweet me so I can pretend like I have friends." Tweet Tweet Tweet
My shipment from #monsterenergy came in today! rockin my new gear
Thanks for the Social Velocity RTs!
smh we got plenty of witnesses
We made some recently with menthol crystals. Shit burns!
20 yrs. after the Rodney King Verdict & Riots! Still, ain't shit changed! Fucc The Police!
I would say MLK vs Malcolm is akin to "soft power" vs "hard power". And that America will not embrace "hard truth".
While planting around edges might be ideal, it’s also a nice to put plants throughout your property. Doing this can really enhance your home
RT : I'm burning up at this cool volcano display made out of lights and flowers
to make sure he stayed out.
Clouds are weird.
omg some of these hate comments on Baby are making me cry! Baby isnt going anywhere! its funny to fight with ppl about it tho.
it's gotta be you; only yoooooooouuuuu
not having someone to talk to that will truly undersand <<
redden and cap hit in the same sentence! The rags might as well buy him out!
gots to keep it $
aww sounds fun
Planning to take my granny out on date... she can wateva, she like
Baylors uniforms are so awesome
Mine is in 15 days. 43!
i want #zackandCody back on
i can too!
right now... I'm praying He does. Cause that's the only thing that'll work for me sometimes.
Tweetdeck struggles! We're trying to find a better app...we'll keep you posted!
I Dont Live In Miami Anymore Mama I Moved To Atlanta :]
you're in my prayers aw
Fade 2 Black performing live this Thursday 10pm-1am!
idk!! I really have to rewatch
I still cant believe she said that about my girl. If we werent at work id kick her as!
what's doesn't kill u makes u stronger ;-)
did you get a chance to go to Carnevor while in Milw? Best steak in the city. There isn't much to see in November in Milwaukee
wow. You really handled that well.
Stuck at work under a pile of papers get what you want delivered to you no hassle. Serving the Atlantic Station area.
Well? Did it?
same ol my man been seeing a lot of Marion and white in the gym trying to recruit one if our guys here
dude.... The cold-ish weather blows. Lol.
RT ❝We don't stop playing because we grow old, we grow old because we stop playing.❞ Satchel Paige #quote~~~ so play ball
Good evening, dolly people!
my friend Young In did it for me :)
I think it was more her smile than anything. The animal doesn't bother me. Honestly, I don't get why we eat cows and not horses.
RT : It's never too early to plan ahead, so please RSVP w/ for tomorrow night's dinner party ASAP
Hit her up ! Lol RT : if she's down haha
Work/life balance is not about escaping work. It's about living exactly the way you want to when you're at work.
you are always thinking of your fans. Even at
u all must follow
Oh my god, Dot is here. I'm dying
I really need to work hard as fuck to get out of Indiana and make a way better life!
you'll be missed
Dude! you justy totally began a knew inside joke for all directioners! Have you seen Liam's tweets? XD
Finally looks like the Lakers are going to get their first win. Its about time!!
So someone doesn't deserve the best if they're fiance didn't die in a plane crash?
Thanks ,now I can follow you again. < he's a good guy and we all have freedom of speech even if ya pizz me off once in a while
Beer is cheaper than gas...drink more beer, drive less
Great quote: if u aren't at the table, you're on the menu #eventprofs need to make sure that #events are part of c level discussion
Jesus Christ man haven'nt been on my tweet mode in forever!!!
yes yes please! Love&miss you mucho. I'm going to seattle this weekend to celebrate my bday. Come!??
Ugh so much to do today !!!! so little time ... To much going on!!!
Early call tomorrow.....
“: Another big day for ! Good luck today guys.” Thanks!!
Shakespeares Sonnets by William Shakespeare - rain boots womens
Guess it doesnt count then :( RT : well if it's on the tv it doesn't count lol
Not very good ones. I really need to get a better camera.
:) RT : it was 415 for me on Sunday.
Refresh Mint is my go-to fav!
If you're coming out tonight, tell them at the ticket booth that you're there to see the levee! And drive safe Atlanta.
My daughter this morning: "That guy must be a bookseller." "How do you know that?" "Look at all the stuff in the back of his car."
RT : When someone walks out of your life, let them. they are just making more room for someone better to walk in.
The Enlightened one sees the entire pluralistic phenomena of the world as his own Self. The deluded see this pluralistic world.
I dont got that Tom Hanks money. Imma think of somethin and you aint gone get nutin
The fact that Sara smoked a cigarette in the car makes me want to puke x1994829
Xmas Tweets: Dad is very principled - no lawn cutting before 9am.
When mikey RTs/tweets girls who say the same thing as me, but dosent RT/tweet me...
Great show tonight thanks to the hundreds of fans at the show tonight. FREE downloads available!
There is one more headline show to be booked at the Marcus Amphitheater during Summerfest. Who would you like to see?
#35 Bro there is this fact that we often overlook in regards to God... HE IS GOD and He owes us nothing and we owe Him everything.
Attached is a taste of the type of music we play with originals and personal recordings of our guitarist and a couple from one of our...
Windows 8 consumer and RT editions: What's missing?: Microsoft officials have finally started to confirm specific features that will ...
#Shoutout to ATL Profile host on the set on VH-1 Single Ladies shooting a promo right now!
Tonight, rough cut of CHANGING FACE OF HARLEM by award-winning filmmaker Shawn Batey with
Have fun guys!
What does a HEART do? It feels things the eyes cannot see. And knows what the mind cannot understand
i'm supposed to go on Friday. Recommendations? Ps lets get a drink soon!
Hunger games district 11 nail polish :)
Staff at Capitol Hill Arts Workshop are CHAWsome!
I wanna hear NEWS!
i see you too
Congrats to All-American Availables Showcase participant Du'Vaughn Maxwell on his commitment to Hampton U.
Show her you #Love her when you have her n0t when she finds someone better becuz you didn't treat her right!
when someone hands you a flyer, its like they're saying "here you throw this away"
East coast restaurant chain 'Legal Seafood' signs design / development and marketing contracts for 2012 - 2014
i'm pretty sure is so buff, his head has muscle definition.
Excited! I am a 2012 NLC fellow!!!
Realizing again that I really need some time on the Circulation desk to truly understand (& hate more thoroughly) my ILS and our workflows.
Everytime I pray... I cry /:
Orioles dealing in Boston...team is legit
Grackle Rock2 lineup is stacked today. Peelander-Z, Migas, Black Caulk, OMGWTFBBQ, Electric Eel Shock, Happy New Year, Foot Patrol
I can't watch the first Cars movie without getting choked up at the end. Curse you feeble emotions.
So many things on my mind that i cant sleep.
way beyond that by now!
Big day at Zuzu. What up!
You should have a kitchen celebration. Though I was more relieved/happy when you got the roof and hot water!
i need to get at least 1,000 tweets til this year. think i cam do it? :D
Just scored an all-time Galaga high score (for me, at least): 576,800! Level 55
Listen to us on blog talk radio bi weekly on Mondays at 7 pm
There are many fish in the sea, but until I catch one I'm still here holding my rod.
yes. And #ShortSleeveDressShirt just asked me to lunch. So glad I have an excuse. Thank you for being that excuse
I second that!!
You have helped me survive myself for many years. Thank you.
all done :D
Ah I love just laying in the bed!!!!!
just landed in Newark and am in a cab home to NYC. I feel very lucky we could connect b4 left Delhi!
Gay tweet. ": past few days have been crazy #seattleweather"
Lol Oh my goodness! You totally could probably sell those! (I'm not kidding!) lol :)
If pier pressure did not exist, there would be no drug addicts
Am doing well. Loving Houston. The Mrs. does too so that's a win win!
My buffaloes. I'm so very proud! Shoulder to shoulder. , our turn.
Thank you for the featured mention -- Much Appreciated!
Quote: “I can think all I want, but it's not going to bake me a cake, or make me the universe. All I can do is get up and live.”
LOL Yeah Quite A Lot Of Times Ahahaha
What the music I love expresses to me is not thought too indefinite to put into words, but on the contrary, too definite. -Mendelssohn
Time to sleep. 6am is coming up fast. I'm excited to see my ladies. Back to back minerals education all day in Green Bay.
Lets Go Spartans!!!!!!
Illegal activity controls my black symphony.
I love rainy days >> :)
End of first half and it's still 0-0
My eye been twitching for damn near 2 weeks...wtf is going on :-\
Very difficult to hear the speakers here at #dplawest :-/
i'll probably just re do my room today, and clean it. yaya.
Hope all is well Mark! Been awhile!
sold out of tanks. Tees still available.
woohoo great news!
thanks for the follow
So much wasted time, breath, brain cells...
RT Big shout out and thanks to Lee, Dee and the great people at the conference. Every speaker was sharp. Thanks!
West Virginia promoters and booking agents. We're looking to book a few dates in June . Email for booking at RT!
So wait, you're saying Eddie looked like a pedo to begin with? More than Chavo?!
Following Vikes stadium debate on Twitter = more interesting while listening to What Have I Done To Deserve This by Pet Shop Boys-1987, baby
RT : ARTISTS WHO WANT A SPOT IN OUR MAGAZINE ISSUE FT BRICK SQUAD MONOPOLY ARTISTS ?HIT US
Just called & told them that they have until Friday to drop their ads on the Rush Limbaugh Show or I will be canceling my account.
I get ill/and I kill/at will/teaching the skill/thats real/you're no thrill/so just stand still and chill as I build
LOL at all the idiots misspelling XANAX.
Yes, yes we have.
River Park Branch is having a Valentines Day craft on February 13th at 4pm. Pre register online or at 282-4635.
Hahahahahahahaha!! Thanks :) RT Just thought I'd let you know that you probably have the cutest laugh in existance.
it's mine I spend it
I'll give 'em a try!
It's
A new music Monday ! Caller 98 on the touchtones wins #TheWanted EP
I'm done being friends with straight people. I hate being "The Gay Friend"; why can't I be "The Black Friend"?
Adios Great times & excited 4 the work ahead!
new American Dad episode, yeeeeaaaaaahhhh!
Are we in love? Or are we in lust?
At SAIC waiting in line and thinkin, oh geez, i feel like i'm at an american idol auditioning.
Happy hump day baby x
Berklee is about to be a quarantine after today lol Congrats to all of the homies graduating from BizzzRKLEE College of Music..
aw what did you eat? are u guys having fun watching the game? wish i could be there but need my beauty rest :) :)
heading home to charlottesville just to watch the steelers game with the family. we're a mini
Chicago, IL- need females with good hair for hair show. No nudity. No weaves. Pay is 1,500. (Casting Code B3)
RT : Getting to hear voice today via the blog was priceless. I miss my friend. She is such a hero!
I can't wait for the Breast cancer walk this year
I'll take it!
RT : RT "Ron Paul supporters won 22 of the 25 national delegates elected at the state convention last night." WOW.
Thanks. Maserati has done a great job of creating some of the most elegant cars in the world. We're proud to carry them.
local governments will feel the pinch of federal cuts soon. it is just now.trickling down #GBCA brownbag
yeah, I'm trying.
the fuck ? Who said that lol
Thanks for the RT
I'm a man of the people!
Keep moving forward
Watching my team play the sixers
Go there, pledge--then RT--It's time....www.petridish.org/projects/quail-project
Deploy your own cloud with Debian Wheezy
Lunch & ice cream with , Maddy & Jacob. Woohoo! :)
I love the food here, and the place is packed. I find grading must be done in a noisy atmosphere!
I'm hard to Love.
Run, pilates, wedding stuff, laundry, go see Sex In Seattle later. Planning on a decent day. Sun would be nice though.
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. -Lao Tsu
Am I really graduating in 2 months and 1 week? Boy, time flies when you're having the funnest 4 years of your life.
Hi, just go to neybor.com and enter the address. Wizard will walk you through. Free Beta now. Look forward to feedback
Happy #summer everyone! What is the one thing you most look forward to this summer?
agree. Birdsplatting banana crazy
You can tell an ad is for a liberal cause as it will contain fear-mongering, class warfare, or victimization. Or all 3.
Damn technology. :/
The dog belonged to the villain. The woman lured it into the hole with her to try to get the villain to let her go.
then find a singer! I'd ask for the link, but my phone hates me, & I can't get to a computer >.< haha
I am making a playlist for the Farm Bill. It's going to be amazing.
Oh no! I'm sorry!
I bet you if I try hard enough I can read my sister's mind :P
Just found a wine cork stuck in my vacuum cleaner filter. What the...?
If you'd like to check out any of the winning video or broadcast work that didn't play at the show, check out your showbook.
I'm giving "Catcher in the Rye" another shot. So far still not impressed.
What I love about daylight savings is the sun being out this late.
#626 what's your fav movie?:)
Mrnin world startin the day off thankin God for another day n handeling business be blessed
that was really delicious!
Just found out catered for sex well into his 20's.
NFL playoffs>NHL playoffs>MLB playoffs>NBA playoffs
Hey thanks for the follow!!
I really need the help of #HGTV I want them to come in and redesign my kitchen and living room. Where do I start?
Thanks for the shout-out, Brian! Looking forward to eating and nerding with you one
Q6: i didn't know there were different ones for different situations
Changed it to Titanic.
Thank you for the welcome! I'm happy to be here!
TIRED AS crap!
if you have been waiting for a great deal the time is now to take advantafe of incredible lease and purchase offers!
Any time for you, babes!
Awkward moment when you start talking to a stranger next to you at the store, thinking its your mom:P #awkward moments
Confetti, Philly? Confetti? Really? I'm assuming that is a "thank you" for the refs!
10 terrific pieces of advice – from celebrities to their teenage selves
Welcome to Broncos Country! Looking forward to watching you develop into our next franchise QB!
#neverbe influenced negatively .
Downfall to late night workouts --> insomnia
Yes, create a cooking show with kids for kids!
The girl in Justin Bieber's boyfriend music video looks way older then he does lolol
how to I figure out pixels vs mm in microsoft viso for web interface wireframes?
Looks like we're enjoying the handbag collection Part II today :) Happy Friday ladies :)
Happy Birthday ! Looking forward to catching up in a couple of weeks for a #soccer ideas fest!
Any other #slpeeps prefer a really nice handwritten thank you over a present this time of year?
It's so cool to see #Mizzou on #collegegameday. M-I-Z!
congratulations! all that hard work paying off. As a parent, I know you must be so proud!
#CovertTU! RT Hey , where you at!
Awesome. Well, there isn't much to see here at the moment, but stay tuned. Things will get crankin' soon.
OMG there is a snack mini bar in my hotel room. I am doomed.
I still remember the Bird steal & pass to DJ in the 1987 Eastern Conference Finals that broke my heart. Damn Celts.
What an awesome #fundraiser, Freeze 4 Life, #beatcancer and keep warm!
wasn't even rap music. It was linkin park. Not even close. And everyone there acts like it.
Roy returns to his seat, signing autographs
Why are you scared.. it's just a roach? *roach spreads wings* OH SHIT IT CAN FLY, RUN B*TCH RUN! lol
Holding gold thoughts. : Contemplating my next move. Hate when health has the last say so.
Hi Nita! Just putting my calendar together. What are those dates on again on the conference and what is the city...Thx!
We'll also talk US-China relations on-set after the SED in Beijing--French, Egyptian and Greek elections. #cctvamerica 9pm EST/9am Beijing
"There's a spark of magic in your eyes......"
How do you define "integrity?" Today's blog is God's definition...
A belated thank you, Rob!
And hoorah for you as well! Great show last Friday....
Please don't be surprised when they announce that I won..
Wake and Create! Let's get it in Tribe!
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody. Now I see that I should have been more specific. ~ Jane Wagner
what what?? who? where?
Thanks for the follow Hope to see you later this evening.
...aww thanks girl made my night 💚
Gearing up for Bridging the Reality Gap with PBL at the Inn. Preparing to blow some minds open.
Al Sharpton will join the k
“I walk slowly, but I never walk backward” - Abraham Lincoln
What are Pens v. Flyers tix on Dec 29th going for now?
is trying to get up to start her filming day.
it will be out soon. Still editing. After they approve the cuts, we begin sound/color work. Hope to have it done in 2-3 weeks
Thanks boo xoxo RT : aw well I hope you get better!!
its all good!
interesting! Well I'm glad things are okay now :-)
Scott County Schools are releasing early due to the forecast of severe weather. Elementaries are out at noon; Others between 1 and 1:30
And the crappy shows go into season 8. RT The good ones seem to die young.
- I tried to find him to give him a "nuggie" for you but no luck!
Wow, very cool!
Thank You for following us at actinginla.org Following you too!
We who are pasty and flabby salute you!
big up you all! Soul, thanks for the love!
Wishes would follow me :'(
G.B. Trudeau had a Samoan football player character in Doonesbury. His position: front four.
Your manager explains that no new employee can after a 90 day probation every gets "exceed expectations" even though you did a good job.
Colin Tilley is my role model, straight up
Funny... on my route today while listening he hit into a momentum killing double play...
You know what's crazy? The sooners keep winning but there ranking keeps dropping.
Our days are ours to create. Visualize from the end of today and imagine it as done and having been magical!
I wrote your name in the sky, but the wind blew it away
Today was ok for me even tho i didn't really do nuffing
Yes she does
Learn to trust for you to be trusted
@ williet #gobrazil Awesome intel +Stats on Brazil would love Presentation pls.
First place at Sunshine State Dance Challenge of the weekend!! Thanks to everyone who came out to support us!
Yes. One Union. Here we come #SAGawards!
I wholeheartedly agree! People who get paid too much sometimes don't work as hard to produce. You rock!
Still staring at the dirt hoping the string bean seeds will turn into plants. Any day now :)!
Some new music to be posted tonight
#Swag -> MT 28 years ago (May 3rd) with $1000, instead of studying for finals during my freshman year at UTexas, I started Dell.
so bummed I'm missing tonight :[
had to pop Molly just so I can go to sleep
Lot's of snow still falling. West Linn-Wilsonville schools now CLOSED for the day.
... When Lebron wins its because of "him". When he loses, its a "team sport" lmao
Japanese will be the death of me -__-
Any resources for workplace case studies I can adapt to training? Especially about rumors and gossiping?
lol woah there buddy...goin a little h.a.m over there aren't u?
I got 32 flavor of this bootylicious bubble gum raspberry, grape, cherry -- ;-)
hey whats gracie's twitter name?
...I don't have an iPhone. But my wallet has it's own gravitational pull.
Books You Hold in Your Hand - Huffington Post (blog)
I'm currently searching for a seasoned Paralegal with experience overseeing Corporate Filings, managing a Contract Management System & serv…
Will be interesting to see if people actually miss the tastes of McDonald's burgers with "pink slime". Maybe they'll become seasonal?
hahaha! thanks for the boost in confidence!
Loving the LinkedIn app for iPhone!
my bus ride tonight was full retard.
i'm totally unclear as to why we need to purchase a product from a vendor to make a list of our bibliographic databases.
I havent seen that many white flags in the air since the last time France were at war.
$2 Domestics, $1 Bombs and 50 cent wings at 9pm! Right now we have Mexican Chicken Pizza, Cheesy Bacon Veggie Soup & Blackened Chicken Salad
Between the matinée and the evening performance. Sorry I have not posted about my current show. A Christmas Story at Kudzu. Am the Narrator.
yes but I'm still working at Butterbees so I'll be up here all the time
First day of part time job in the books. Good to have something to do while more résumés go out, and not rely on unemployment.
Attending the / / show tonight at National Underground in downtown Nashville w/ Jennifer Cooper!
Crazy busy day - love working for the Kingdom of God!
Honored to help! Love learning w/you:)
Pretty much pissed off
lucky duck—that's gonna be so fun! I'm planning to try and grab OTC tix, at least...been wanting to see 'em since high school
ur a fag
Couldn't follow along yesterday, but now I get to catch up on all the #dayofdh action over breakfast
RT : Getting my node on with at #foss4g in his NodeJS and Polymaps workshop.
Fishtail braids are pretttttyyyy
HOTTER NEW RELEASE Hell Slithers Lust Simmers in new Florida Thriller "PYTHON" BY Carina Nolan only 7.99 amazon
Phone going dead -___-
Never let your enemies place fear in you. The worst that can happen is you lose. However, that means you can start right back fighting.
-my pleasure! We need to get to Part 2.
Another successful day here in the San Diego Real Estate world! We always love helping our amazing clients buy and sell their homes
How do uu do that shit how do u
THIS RT In my perfect world I'd have 3 or 4 big client projects a yr with the rest of the time reserved for writing & mentoring
Does Illinois matter?
Very excited to read to students today at Bancroft Elementary for #ReadAcrossAmerica! Happy Birthday, Dr. Seuss.
you need to stop hurtin' 'em hammer.
I love my mommy. :)
yesterday was pretty tough after a red eye with no sleep, but now feeling good enough to say that its not always worth $4500 extra for a bed
This life ain't worth shit with out the only thing that you love..
we had the greatest scout team ever. With two ga's a walkon and 2 redshirt
Trying not to let my past effect my future.
Seems appropriate :)
when will you follow me! ily!!!
Ann worked the hardest and longest hours any woman could. She is very qualified!
Yeah I don't think they're using the save. Sucks.
it would mean oh, so much if you would talk to me please.
Charlottle weather is great..i would be freezing if if i was back home smh!
New Intro On Their Website. Very James Bond Like!
Ready for this evening ?
I'll try! But I can't promise anything. What time does it start?
Feel like getting tatted..
Super excited to have a LIVE episode this year!
Isn't UAT the best part of any project?
siona benjamin, indian jewish artist on www.zanbeelart.com
IT'S SO SLOW
re:narrative- an "atomic" part can be used in >1 narratives - but where are the diff contexts explained?
Terry Anderson is playing at tonight starting at 6:30-9:30pm
Dan you are doing a better job than ESPN. They are awful.
season starts tonight - let's go bruins!
#STAR #astrology general rule: "joys" of planets by house placement are only effective if a planet is "in sect", & ineffective if "contrary"
lol yeah, but seriously...fuck the Falcons
GOOD MORNING WORLD!!! STAY BLESSED AND STAY POSITIVE!!!
RT : Nashville Area's Advantages Attract New #Business, #Investment | #Nashville, TN Economic Development:...
Yes of course!
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf, she went through my pictures.
Oh, now. How is THAT the dark side? For you, at least...
Thanks Chris, but no. It was a negative review, and I'm pretty sure written by a man. I know it circulated on Twitter . . .
The sad part is I'm a Laker fan...great team and they get a great deal of respect
great search, engine, cc computers uses it all the time,
hey my names Kaylee (:
my fone is gonna die && I dont wanna charge it:b goodnight!.(:
would love to chat. DM me your number!
#PeopleNeedToStop what they are doing and send me their music! We need undiscovered music for our station!!!
talking about who ....?
lol, that tweet was funny,
I need to have one as well!! RT : yo wats up with the idj flashlight?? i need that for the collection!
Don't give up!
watching Luther made me want to revisit Heligoland. now, listening to Heligoland makes me want to watch Luther.
you all have a great memorial day weekend!!!!
Mom to me in jest: "You must've been drunk last night because you told me I am a wonderful mother." hahaha
Ha ha ha
Oh man I loved TRL! I remember voting an insane amount of times during the era of BSB v. NSync
AJ Hawk was resigned...they cut him for business reasons and JS says he is signing 5 year contract
One less montage could have meant a Muppets performance. Tear.
Roy and at tonight at 10pm right after Opening Night. Believe dat.
Don't blame McQueary for not doing more. He followed protocol by telling Paterno and University. He didn't want to end up like the DA.
Hey! I registered for the next class but haven't gotten a confirmation or parking pass. Phone # for digimedia is wrong. Help?
We love each and every one of you. Thank you for the unconditional love and support that you've shown us all since we started this <3
I'm glad thm steelers didn't win lol
Sign Up for Spinning at 11:00am then Join Leno Titans Gym Master SPINNING instructor. Class start's at 12:15pm all non member's $5.00...
keep your iphone.. unless the droid is better than the iphone.
You are so welcome! Tangerine Tango is such a fun color! Hate to see people shy away from it, even in staging!
Black and white TV set, and no cable.
I give 'em the benefit of the doubt usually, but it's starting to drive me nuts.
“Some lean back. But those who lean forward are poised to cross the finish-line, first!” T.F. Hodge
#Raining in #LA all day today! It's cool because it's quiet & still. Working on some projects that I'm very excited about. Stay tuned!
When did Glen get kinda sorta dare I say cute? (Yes, I'm a creep)
Love Burbank's free greening progeria!
Building the southby schedule, get ready for the best week of your life
what should i be for halloween hum?
Another Night W/O Her ☹ Goodnight
yikes. thats where it is!
I agree...I be out my body
It's gonna be a long night.
He was probably told we were buying dino stickers-instead of these robots
Film Maker Darren A. Saunders apologizes to George Lucas & Steven Spielberg for offering a better 3D product. We have 3D Without glasses!
Kind of embarrassed to admit that I'm watching The IT Crowd for the first time. Not really finding it that funny. Canned laughter shudders
Yay! I'm home :D and since it's national grilled cheese day I made myself a yummy grilled cheese sandwich =)
I love you both. I mean it.
#hbrchat A1 - I think the biggest innovation barrier I encounter is knowing how to find and connect available resources
I am now following This also means I get a follow right? :)
Getting in an early workout.
Work's always tiring, haha:) My day's going pretty good. It's Mother's Day, so just happy to see my mom happy:)
Let It Burn
Thanks, Casey! Good to meet up here!
too early
Inquiring minds want to know: Where will you absolutely travel to play golf this summer? Tweet us your itinerary and we'll blog it!
Get up! Get down! Get those bankers out of town
": Tania Head said she was a 9/11 survivor but she made it all up" She was obviously at a buffet
NO My Nicholicious
Shastic.com allows #performers to build their #portfolio in a flashy kind of way that promises to make MySpace and ReverbNation jealous.
Are you gonna kiss me or not, good song haha
hahahaha NEVER EVER ! Gah let's rewind last week and do it all over again
Losing it lol.
Welcome Morocco!
Well, I think it's great that you're doing so much writing.
bummer. Would have loved to have talked more.
I hate the birds chirping in the morning. So annoying
Tired of sacrificing my last breath to make every one happy. I'm only 16 when is my happiness going to start?
Thanks for follow, gotta say those are some interesting tweets.
Its like 2008 all over again, The G-men beats the #patriots again. 6-2, NFC East leaders the NY #giants. Way to go Eli!
So glad I got a pedicure just for tonight. $40 down the drain.
Church at eight in the morning <<<<<<
Can and will do. I've been using hemp & chia seeds in my smoothies recently and I'm lovin' them.
Geez The time I try to get some sleep, I cannot fall asleep #finalsweek #collegeproblems #GetAtMe?
work dem hips run girll
With his track record this series? They never should of put his ass in there...oughh
Sweet addiction.
S'alright x
Hm... last twee said they would be in Birmingham at that same time today...?
Met author AGS Johnson today. Lovely woman and talented author! Great breakfast chat.
Ppl act So hard Smh
Come on Miami. Do it for daddy.
rumor has it that they were going to assign Chuck Lorre to the Rosie show as a writer. ;-)
kick-starting ass
RT who cares who develops #digitalpreservation tools so long as they are good?
yeah true! RT : If you want to conquer fear, dont sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.Dale Carnegie
I need to update my music like now(x
I know that I'm not all that you got.
Can't wait to see you at the Spring into Summer Concert with ! It's going to be awesome!
Nope. When I get one like that (esp. in my hometown) I call them.. Usually, they've hired an SEO company that was up to no good.
Come back Roland. I forgive you for leaving me on that sheik's yacht in the Gulf of Oman.
maybe.. But it shouldn't be. & I'm really sorry again 4 the late response :/
nah I'm comin back tmrw
Sounds good bro
G-Night :D
you should follow to hear all about
Young Justice <3
you could be a black bird on the country street, hidin' from the world with a broken wing, but you better believe you're gonna fly with me ❤
I know but it's bluryyy
That's a word from a pro. Good to hear from ya
nope...he made it up! Can you believe him?!!
FAKE Holiday ...“: Just remember today is NOT Mexican independence day!!! #cincodemayo”
ever go out to watch toon games in pdx? I like them and would go catch one with you sometime maybe
Yannis Pantazis and Corey Harris in the studio the last two days creating traditional Greek Music, Meditation Music and some blues. Killer!
Good Night Twitter <333333
Yay. Just finished all my work's for pet's and other freebies & mission item's for this coming DEC 1 :D (Dinner Time) I'll be back after WOE
As the White House curator, William G. Allman works hard to keep a low profile as he tends to the art and antiques.
here's a question for the two of you, does the bow-tie only work because I don't normally wear one...?
saw that you're training for a ..What kind of shoes have you mudded in before or plan to use now?
Everytime Isabel tells me her and Matthew made up I ask "Made up or Made out" ;)
Hm we have 4 new followers but my homepage still says 2,998. Mystery! Oh well, I'm starting the contest anyway! Get ready!
Lets get it right back
Should we extend the deadline for this photo contest? Post them to our wall to enter. Winner becomes our Profile pic.
I hate Mondays. HATE THEM.
We don't need a plaque. We have a trophy!
That should have been a fair ball.
I hate this
Installing now, review to come at robotappz.com
Thanks Jeremy!
FOLLOW BACK
Dia Cater-Webb of Arts4Learning "It takes a village to raise a child...support the village"
when will you be adding to your programming?
Watching tv with
RT : Q6 What can our national, state, and local leaders do to improve education equity?
Sounds good!
is it wrong to think that your friend's math teacher is extremely hot?
Back in San Jose after a full week of late Lotusphere activities, need to get caught up on Daily Show
*takes a bow*
Nova taken out of the game:( sucks.
chats are always controlled chaos. ;) Topic is how to get real about realtime. Dive right in and introduce yourself!
yeah definitely! Any other "on-the-go" features like DMVs near you or stuff like that you can think of?
That would explain why John Hodgman wrote so much about it. Or maybe that's WHY the hipsters are there.
HEY YOU when are you coming back to Chicago!? i really need a chance to see you in person like ASAP.
is off to church to see my little homies from the Escobar crew get baptized.
You #teamLesiban...now I see why! Ugh!
everyone here needs to follow shes new to twitter!
"You cannot do a kindness too soon, or you never know how soon it will be too late" -Ralph Waldo Emerson. Tomorrow's not promised act today
Lol! So she know's about this account?
RIP Fat Dingo
had an awesome time vending pet parade in Atlantic Station..met a lot of 4 legged lil ppl..we were a hit!
im nowhere near that dance place.
What happened?? Txt me
Hope everyone has a great night. I am home relaxing now after working. Going to watch American Idol soon. :D
Hm, how many cars do you think we can set on fire before getting to Subway?
Here we go !
Nothing is further from the truth. Thanks.
Haha, So Nick Mara farts uncontrollably, when he's sleeping... Thats attractive!
Aww, we love you too! I loved the 90210 finale! I love that Naomi is back with Max.
#GirlsShould be so jelaous of Madonna cos when they are 53 they will be like grandmas :D
Holla at you ! Thanks for hosting us
Thank you Mohammad RT : A customer service from a whole new planet ;)
Good luck with the meetup Kallye! Hopefully its a happy Lifetime movie, if anything!
its been a while since ive watched baseball
Thx for the RT last night re: our event w 's Kevin Roderick & Eric Lynxwiler. We're wking on an event write-up.
we hope you enjoyed your visit!
Yea that IS Bruce'thewayitis'Hornsby's kid playing for UNC Ashville
Any luck the rest of the weekend??
I'm having the same problem this morning!
Cinco De Mayo :)
It's 12 degrees outside. Two days ago it was 69 degrees. Wha?
With any technology or social media, resources (including time) are key - wide words from during #MusEdTech panel.
.........and the man dumped me at the vet. signed some forms, gave scraps a hug & then bolted. BASTARD. not 2 mention he forgot breakfast!
A Bengals blog said that the Browns pick of Weeden was a bad investment? That's like Greece giving Portugal financial advice.
Bryan Adams is fixing to start. Oh, the anticipation!!!
Need to work on legacy collage. That will wake you up.
I love Blood Orange ......
she is wild lol.
Bulls D is ridiculous...surprise Bron disappears!!
Hunter Pence or Carlos Beltran, who do you move for which one #BravesCountry?
Ah! There are midges on my front window!!! No!!!!!!
Booking these up! Don't wait anymore, because time is moving fast!
im praying for rick ross mann
Vinnie was absolutely brilliant in narrating this chase....lots of poise and calm demeanor
Afternoon workout..
they remind me of the heat last year. A lot of hype they need to time to adjust and to gel. So many new variables/ballpark
- Tony Rynders sure knows how to make pinot noir. Had a DS Mark bradford vyrd 99 recently...it was simply fantastic.
#LosLynx luck at the Vikings game!
i had to get up and leave at that bit.
This is how my week goes: Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday.
no I am not but my guys will be there to take care of you Brandon and Kareem (the touchdown dance expert)
And just like that I nearly finished a tub of Ben and Jerry's Froyo
ahahahahahahah DO IT!!!
Grew up in Golden Hill Dad had 53 Buick Roadster; how cool was that grill??? Just as sweet as aroma @ Sunbeam bakery 16 & G sts.
Dow you have a show that you want to be on the air. Contact Us NOW
That, sir, is the best response - EVER. Thank you homie! xD I love you too boi. <3
your a classy dude glad ur back can't wait to see on the field again! soon I hope
Everyone have a fun and safe weekend !!
Loving it!
oh that's Kcool ! Aha
Gotta give props to MCA, a pioneer in the hip-hop industry.
Woke up to a big zit! Super way to start my day :) now off to a bridal shower 40 miles away... Shoot me?
I can't wait to be wearing short shorts, a crop top, and mandels in the streets of Paris with you!!!!
she's beautiful ;)
If the bandwagon helps the #Orioles fans shut up Yankees fans, I'll be okay with that.
Dont answer the haters. You will tear it up at mizzu, wish you were at UK but i wish you good luck!
My knee hurts
Anyone else wanna call it quits and go live under a boardwalk with me?????
Frustrating isn't even the half of it. Without Amare and Lin, it's downright embarrassing.
Looking for inexpensive entertainment for the Little People? Visit your local regional airport on a day when they are giving flight lessons.
Wow! I'm stupid! Haha! I didn't mean to do that! Lol! :P #BlondeMoment!
As soon as the pics of the guys' faces were lifted, I started crying. So proud! They really deserved it and I'm glad they got it :)
you're welcome ma'am!
I'm always thinking of food , I can't help it . I'm a skinny fat person lmao
Back to reality
the "steamy romantic dramas" section needs some work ......
your quotes make my day.
Just put "dark burgundy" dye on my hair & am waiting for it to process. This could either turn out really well or really bad...
unless a bomb strikes your foxhole as the battle begins....
Moms making fried chicken!
Agreed. Kudos to the Sioux City Journal for placing that editorial was on the front page. The entire front page.
So, what? He's moving to Saturdays? // RT : On now, saying goodbye.
Successful Project Gym, lunch w and grocery shopping. Now looking forward to a successful nap.
let me know when it is I will come
The global commerce environment is not controllable.
Landed in L.A. and ALL I can think about is the work I have to catch up on. Bye Jamaica, I'll miss you :_(
Conan is actually hilarious right now.
I'm in an airport right now too.
This is the most blown I've ever been in my whole entire life
shout out to all of my new followers. i followed u all. promo me.
Wow I honestly don't know, I think either Hazza, Niall, or Zayn (: xx
How Many Niggas Know How Many Females Exactly They've Had Sex With?
is the bomb so you should follow her:) should follow her:)
“: I'm Facebook famous #humblebrag #futilethreats” About as famous as my sexy curly locks.
Lockup on Netflix is getting me through this thesis. Word to Fleece Johnson.
How do you evaluate whether something is fascinating?
Kids and kids at heart enjoying #Easter festivities Loving the holiday pics!
Pissed off at my stupid slow internet, why do my parents have to live out in the middle of nowhere, I hate everything up here!!!!
I have so much respect for you! love watching u on DOOL.....your main pic rocks! the gay community has to love u! =) xoxo
Today is one of those days where I wish was my friend so I could ask him why this bird keeps trying to break into my house...
Coaches at game from cu, Texas tech, north co, s.dakota, wyo, du, and some d2's
your taste in music sucks!
I wish
Congrats to Laura Kaeppeler on becoming Miss Wisconsin 2011! We can't wait to help make your smile even brighter than it already is!
21 jump street is a riot
Thank you for the RT and for helping us spread the word about #OurSDVision!
Well, it is most definitely not the comic.
Yep. Youngest person here.
God bless the Yankees
Great story on the Leverts in today's PD!
hm no but I have a couple friends that do ... Thats crazy that's a lot of work
Come in and get your lashes done at Smashin' Lashes Couture Eye Studio...A wink of Couture.The lash studio for the glamorous
why did she color her hair???
FAT LADY HASN'T SUNG, SO PLEASE KEEP YOUR COMPOSURE #FCB! LET'S GO ALL THE WAY!!!
Cool idea!
My sick day: take a shower, play unnecessary video games, and ignore homework that was due today.
Thanks for the RT, do you plan to attend the #PTTC series?
Today I got to celebrate exactly 5 yrs with the man I'm marrying in 42 days. we did nothing special, yet he still treats me like a princess.
Watchin Malcolm X.
Prima Facie => At first sight, on the face of it
Been sitting in the virtual waiting room forever and haven't moved! Just need 1 pair to take my son when the #Brewers play..
Schools out! Summer vacation here i come!!
#TellMeNicki are you coming to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on your US Tour?
ESPN speculates he will he fired if they lose tonight. That's what Magic Johnson said as well. He's a goner if they lose.
The GWJ reaction to that was lukewarm IIRC, but then we still have a fairly active X3 community. Let us know what you think.
I have seen many red-tails and a few red-shouldered-especially along highways. Perhaps rodent population is up??
the suffering, the pain, the dedication, the hard work,. All of that makes you great fighter mentally and physically! And
now playing : - ya man ain't me :)
On what xx - Dip was actin a ass in Poto last night
Janiva Magness tonight at the Toad Tavern in Littleton, CO...we gonna be there!
Hal Ritson: "People are interested in the *artists*, not in somebody from the marketing department." #MidemNet 2010
& are gonna turn blue in a minute
Well at least they didn't get blown out
You gotta love ARkansas
LAX through security, now where's my starbucks?
Thanks! Digging his coverage.
Update Chrome - new version includes tab synching across all devices you're logged into.
Donald Sutherland isn't completely to blame for his car vs
Good Night Twitter :)
Thanks for the nice rejection, Chelsea! U da nicest. You sending to the Pinch anytime soon?
:thank you :) for the mentions!
Back to I go for my Simon Fashion Now runway show fitting. Rough Thursday! :)
Starting day 2 of my first #tedactive and excited to see what delighters are in store!
Breakfast Pays Huge Dividends in Boston Nike Air Max Schools ...
Norway mourns death of 26-year-old swimming star
...and the shot glasses. The only weirder trinket was the shot glass Warners put in the deluxe Looney Tunes blu-ray. 😒
Our man! RT : A1 nothing beats the Morning (crack of dawn) to run off the hangover and sweat out the Jameson
I find it incredibly awkward sitting on the bus in a skirt.
Can people get Me some followers? (: I would greatly appreciate it <3
#atplc Group IQ is powerful
someone want to come to the mall tonight :$.
Getting my stage at the aviary lined up
Have the feeling Jeff Garcia will be back in the NFL next weekend. Lots of QB's hurt today
Your bodys like a pill i shouldnt take.
OMG makes me want to POP an app off!
Wow. Cee Lo Green really rocks the nylon tracksuit.
"Enjoy the flight" might be the most ridiculous request I've ever heard.
Does anyone ever feel the need to spend an afternoon in front of a giant whiteboard getting all your ideas out into the open?
Just got my new balance 890s thx to first workout in them was success
Yes, indeed. RT : Good advice in the days of lynch law.
Hey cutie how bout you follow me?!?
Trick for ya.. Get in the elevator, hold DOOR CLOSE and YOUR FLOOR for 5 seconds. Express to your floor.
Energy adviser Bob McNally boils down oil markets for Congress: voracious global demand + dwindling OPEC spare capacity = high prices.
Mann,I Don't. Wan't No Kids Rite.Now.
Gorgeous day for some student lobbying in Oly!
***WIN an iPad*** just for registering before Dec 24.
FREE TRX DEMO WEDNESDAY AT 5:30PM (RAIN FITNESS). Only 5 spots left - reserve yours now!!!
holly thats right when he looked into our eyes!<3
I saw Blake Shelton last year at a small casino, great show!
Paul's Boutique.
Night Mia and sweet dreams... Any vampires or Deep, wake up & run.. lol
lloooong day, got to meet my personal trainer today :) wish i had more free sessions because it was worth it !
We couldn't agree more. RT : Amaretto + Angostura Bitters makes it all much, much better.
lol : Word i feel so sexy now lol
I appreciate everyone that follow me and I sincerely wish everyone a very Merry Christmas!!!
thank you!!!
I definitely will :-)
I don't recall :)
Check your DNS – Off the Kuff
Wow wow wow. I did not want to hear that.
Sounds like the same meeting we had this morning!
:-) when do u wanna skype?
Hair long, ass fat.
All these people wanting you to support Kony make me sick. Who would support this maniac? It's insane...
Radical's my anthem
I love when a show dog has a long regal name but the trainer calls it "Chet"
I think I'll replace Clippy with Captain Obvious in my lecture slides.
Happy Birthday Tupac, regardless of what they say about him, he was well love and 106Kmel is jamming all his song..Hood Figure now what!
Its cool, i understand. Dont surround yourself with tards bro C:
Can someone please explain to me how the hell it is that these girls on My Big Fat #GypsyWedding are ALL stacked? Is it genetics? Diet? Wth?
I was only nervous for a couple of mins. Learned how to use all the machines and that baccarat is slow as fuck.
RT is hiring fall interns! #betterlatethannever Submit your resume to . You must be able to get school credit.
Thanks Leandro for following us!
I been waiting on my sis all week !
Is it fully confirmed? I also read a rumor that might happen up north.
Ice creams vans are pure genius.
I love when something shows up EXACTLY at the right time! And it happens more often than you think.
I hate my family.
already did:)
Done for the day. See ya tomorrow. Here's to Friday!
you did wonderful Elizabeth! Thank you for working so hard!
Hey! I resemble that remark! :) Morning all!
Took me a minute, but finally explored the menu Love.
by the way i really really dug issue 3. Expect a review after the holidays .
just left the office! Chicago here we come!
Sure! Sounds like fun!
lmaoooooooooo Steph ! Thanks girl thanks - glad I have your approval. It was a rough 2 years of hs bahaha
holiday party!!!
What is the most notable difference in styles?
Ah found my ipod!!! yess :)
People with bad hygiene
Lukasik: Perhaps CBB doesn't want us to read *Jane Talbot* so much as think about why we are so disappointed in it when we do.
20% ALL TAKEOUT ORDERS TODAY!!! No coupons or any promos accepted, Come and get a juicy burger...it's the #Superbowl hon!
I feel like I just time warped from friday night to right now. whoa.
uh oh... Tiger learned how to put!
#prsagaconf Jeremy Baka's talk on unleashing creativity began by speaking ill of the dead and just got better from there
hmm. Toy story is cool, I cried at the end of the 3rd one, I need a reply to live.
On the way to have a pre-seminar breakfast I saw the launch of Madden 12. Congrats to Peyton Hillis.
- THAT'S RACIST!!
Spending the day with my boyfriend<3
I'm new to this as well my friend. I hope the market is treating you well.
Punk rocked Strummerville last night at Bottom of The Hill. Good times!! Happy birthday Joe.
So lets play doctor BAYB, we'll operate toDAY, can't wait to play our new cover on the 12th ;)
RT ARTweet: "If we go for the easy way, then we never change." -Marina Abramović (via )
Happy Monday! It is a great day in Indy!
I think it's time we put a warning label on Ben and Jerry's? Warning: Eating this ice cream may cause you to look like Ben and Jerry
Supposed to get free in-house coffee refills with reg sbux card but keep charging $! Weren't trained on their own marketing perks!
A good est. but doesn't account for sample size. #GA 's weighted sort uses an algorithm to account for significance
visited the boutique today! So excited for what is to come with their new collections!
Well, that's a pity.
Just came from the dentist and after i went and eat Jack in the box with my mom ^_^
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
Say hi to Camry! RT ‏ I finally caved & got me a fancy new-fangled twitter account. World peace &/or world domination is imminent.
what are their stage names?
idk its more comfy
Always be thankful of those who love & support you
To buy: New lens for my Canon or field camera?
I love that says "Auntie" that's so Chicago lol
Going to watch the movie The Help, I hope it's good!
I will! Probably be a few months- I am a slow painter! Thanks :)
Thanks to PC followers! You make the world go round!
It's right down the street. I want to hear more about your catalogue efforts too.
For sure and looking to add more to her dirty girl posse.
:o? : Wishing the messages I get were from youu...
Then it's off to see Nurge at The Red Rabbit. Yeah!
Aspire higher!
I register an account with , and get an email from their "select 3rd party advertisers": "STOP THE MD GAS TAX" -- Lame.
Neuromarketing: Is it real? Deep down, in yr subconscious, U know it is! 1 day, IC will use 2! (via )
Right now #Spain vs. #Scotland - vamos Espana!
Watching jersey shore !!
Back to drinking water more often, fell off
If Your Friends With Yourself “First”… Well That’s One Down…
It's hard to get some teachers to adapt to using them.
Morning practice tweeters. Have open houses his weekend? Think about promoting those on twitter. Links, pictures and witty copy!
nice message ain't it?
grow up be mature oh yeah n grow some balls n bring your ass to the hood n dont forget bitch graduated top of our classes
not just u. Lol frank. Jojo. Rachel. All y'all do it haha. I just say ttyl :)
I'll never understand why women seem to be so sensitive about their weight. Beauty comes in all sizes!
Sunday is the new Saturday! so check out #SundayJazzLounge tonight w/special guest James King, #amazingspace for
Thank you for not being here !!!! I don't have to do the routine till Tuesday ( :
you were fire last night
Lil attitude problem came with all women I thought?
Is it wrong that I'm secretly relieved my boyfriend's flight is delayed? Also that I'm tweeting it?
I just saw the uncut video of it!!!! What a piece of trash! Dana has every right to be mad!
that's happened to me before. Haha what a way to end a day!
There's a glimmer of hope for me in regards to passing AP Calc
Holy cow #Austin - the storm / lightning / wind is pretty crazy. Was walking Louie and it felt like Dorothy and Toto in Oz.
Downloading sides on a SUNDAY to send to talent!
Im such a mama's girl lol i miss her already&i just saw her like a hour ago
Anti social just gonna keep to my self
going on a class trip, be back Friday! x
Smooth move, asshole.
Thanks for the follow. This is a great service to actors. is one of the best CD's in town. Good to know!
We live in crazy world.
If I restore from 5.0 to 4.3.3, will I be able to restore from a backup or will it say it can't because the version is old?
Can't stand when I see a guy not opening a door for a woman, especially when it's a younger guy/older woman.
I love that I've completed college, have a bachelors degree and am making NOTHING, all I can hope is Ill learn something from this...
Glad to hear we're your favorite!
#sca2012 Calif Redistricting Commission (legislative districts--big friggin' deal) planned ahead for retention of their files. Ahh, nirvana.
#BandsILove System of a Down
Dog sitting again!
RT : Stoked for the holiday party ! Micah Brown + J...
when did you see it? I only saw once.
What is wrong with me? I can construct a pathfinder on ANY SUBJECT I WANT and I can't think of a damn thing.
um if you find it I will buy the first round. Lol
And and name that starts with a J is sexy af....by default.
I thank God for my handicaps, for through them, I have found myself, my work and my God.
In final stages of bizness manual for #actors w/ #auditions & #auditiontechnique for #stage #TV #Film getting an agent & more. ilovemylife
I hate when people say they follow back when they really don't!!
Congratulations to 2012 IBFF Audience Award Winner HALF and 2012 Audience Award Honorable Mentions FLUID and STORYWOODS!
totally used this! haha thank you
Anxious 2C what DD and Mack do now! So sad 2C Muschamp leave! Hope rumors of our beloved Major and Akina joining him r wrong!
Not only is it #weekone, but America's Game: 2011 Packers premiers Wednesday night at 9 PM ET.
Think I'll have to do 95
come get me lol
I never get 100% on my playing quizzes only 93% WHY WHY?!!!
I finally realized that I love him so much....
Working is even harder!
Hey! How's things? How is the family?
It's the best feeling :)
White Mystery has mastered hairography.
hey ! we hire now girls as webcam models for our new website, would you like to join us?
that's a good thing right?!
definition of alcohol: Addiction Free Forever Program | drunk pictures
can't wait to start editing this video this weekend, Everyone Keep a look out for Jaquon Story's music video "Trade" Director by yours truly
what are you up to?
lol yea I started a mini scene ova a cookie id hav
Miss America 2012 miss Wisconsin
thanks John!! I gotta thank though for how amazing they look. And for the rad customer service :)
Looks like the Cargo of old is back
i watched the first two eps and then quit. i'm amazed that it got another season.
My #fridayreads - Graveyard Book (book & read online by ) Silence Thom Perry (playaway), CSLewis Till We Have Faces, CDs in car
Having pain and not knowing how you got it
Me too Abs!!! You've no idea. Wish we were having afternoon tea again :). Hugs!!!
I know that Jesus died for us! But I couldnt tell you who the other side was, so I parallel double park that mothafucka sideways!
This bag of candy is everything right now
do people still use this site?
Hello goodies :)
Cool :) First Directioner I've followed :) And thanks for the follow back :)
This show with Tami character OS a prime example of bullying and how people watch without doing anything
I sense a merch opportunity here: Graduatin' Molly action figure! (Doctor Who scarf sold separately.) #Congratulations!
Maybe Im Tha One
i know we're young, and i know we've made mistakes -- i just hope you'll realize what you're missing out on one of these days.
#ImagineDragons Your eyes, they shine so bright, I want to save their light, I can't escape this now, Unless you show me how
A2: I think "history" includes any Chapter awards and recognitions won... what else would you include?
Yo , I feel slow AF , I just got where you got that stuck in highlights shit from, Don Trip !
I'm sittin in the booth watchin run the boards, the guy who runs the lights got to dancing and backhanded me square in the chest.
I am glad to hear that. :) Me? I am just going to watch #CriminalMinds and #CSI:
Go, Molly! Thanks for coaching, Calley. RT : Getting ready to Race for the Cure with a friend doing her first 5k ever.
Anytime luv RT : , long overdue. Next week?
Moving to Cartersville was the worst and best decision I've ever made.
the only thing I hear is music desaburre music ...!
I finally have this IPhone in my hands.. Not complaining.
"What the fuck is 96?" "It's a number, scientist. It really means 'read a book.' Ha, yeah right, I can't even pretend, fuck reading"
nice going on Tosh.0 last night...first web redemption I've seen where the person looked badass!
I heart you! Can't wait for our Runyon Canyon date!
thanks i found them (: bahahhaa(: man! I wanted to make a twitter account for one of austins body parts but they r all taken
Not a chance :)
Such an early game in the middle of no where
is ECSTATIC that she won an open records battle with the Comal County DA's office.
#nr Operation Family Secrets: How a mobster's son and the FBI brought down Chicago's murderous crime family
Dude my mom beat the shit outta me yesterday cuz I didn't sweep right #myarmhurts lol
I really don't want OKC to win, but I don't want the Lakers to win more
You got the production and the distribution down but what are you doing to rise above the sea of mediocrity.
"Supporting Inquiry-Based Instruction Through Mobile Learning" by Gerald Gannod & Kristen Bachman is one of 60+ sessions at
#BestTimeToSmokeWeed breezy Summer night, windows down, beats blasting
I hope she comes on.. i have to go get my hair cut.. i been looking tragic for way to long..
I'm amazing at Monopoly! One of my all time favorites!
didnt see the sticky - i think it says its deleted now
Weight loss is great for health and beauty in an age where physicall fitness is so important!
To all underclassmen cherish EVERY moment you have left of high school cause when your here this time in a few years your gonna wish you did
unless she's a really good actress, the only way you'll be #winning is if that's not the first or second time that's happened
thanks ill definitely try more! got any song request?
#SOMEDAY you will follow me... I'm a #belieber and your my #boyfriend so... #believe that I love you(:(:(:
I accidentally made too much quinoa and I'm running out of leftover ideas.
struggling to keep a positive attitude in life right now
I just heard HR3606 just passed the House of representatives (again), this time 380 votes for & 41 against. Now its off to the President to…
Sacramento Process Server, efficient, reliable, & friendly 916-509-0677 to serve your small claims, bank levy, summons, & divorce documents.
I'm stupid! Lol I just remembered that I had tooth brushes from when they give me at the dentist! I'll just use one of those for now..... x)
Woke up with my American flag bandana still on my head
Send some more followers my way. The more the merrier.
Happy birthday!
Tv: "silly rabbit, trix are for kids!" my mom: "and whores too, cause they turn tricks...."
whatsup with them video thangs... saw your distress signal beaming in the sky... here to the rescue
There's this one kid that just creeps the shit out of me at school... every where I turn he's there anywhere I walk he's there its like WTF
MT : Why aren't we just having Democrats & Republicans each pay for 1/2 the student loan bill the other party won't object to?
thanks for visiting and sharing our website! :)
- No way. You're all going down.
The Big Show still sucks(-_-)
.....I am greatful for all that i have, i worked hard for it...LOVE,SUPPORT,and money to buy food and shelter(sorry but i am).......
And I'll let you know when I've got OGY confirmation. It'll be a blast to get to do it in CLE. #Acting/Brilliant
talk about survival of the fittest!
lol we'll work that out you got my number
Minister Pandor: "SA cannot attract tech industry if we don't lay foundations for our own people w/in our schools."
My writer's block tends to flare up when I work from home. It's one reason why I fear freelancing.
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun
Major cutting, that is.
...teehee... I KNOW they are... I was just being COY. ;) The Divas will ROCK IT!
Hey, interested in your fork of the apn_sender gem. Shoot me a DM if you get a chance. Thanks!
Twitter seems so dead tonight
Yes You Can
Infographic made by me (Salil). Sorry for confusion - attributing for inspiration on edu uses.
we are so sophisticated! grandma must play catch phrase again, i hope to cant wait for her air force one impression one more time
Wouldn't it depend on whether actual skewers were used?
I would be too man
RT : it's the only way to go. Can't beat the knowledge of a real life travel agent who's there for you 24-7.
oh my gosh yes ugh !
Got good stuff to do :)
thinks she is cool because she has a blackberry now! Hahaha
wish you were there! Thanks for the postcard <3 ! Miss you! When are you back?
#ff #onlyonedayoff have a great weekend!
Visited the place where I grew up today. The place where The Trouble with Half a Moon was placed into my heart. Video to come!
Events, social media, classes, food pairings.... Okay, but is there any new marketing strategies in craft beer?
Hope to talk with some of you at the
The news I just heard was ridiculous and infuriating
working now, shelving and sorting is definitely a nice temporary alternative to helping patrons...very rudimentary :-)
Even though, I've personally fallen off daily Tweeting train--really looking forward to seeing peeps at #MKEtweetup!
Going to the 7th and the Phils are hanging on to a 5-3 lead.
I just scanned the picture and BAM! There he was! Turban and all.
HEY, follow
beautiful #juicing day on lake michigan!
He calls you those, nbut its none of my business
You will know that forgiveness has begun when you recall those who hurt you and feel the power to wish them well.
A poker tournament bro. None of these fools knew how to play. I credit my win to the games in Rex's basement growing up. lmao
I don't care how you do it. Just show me that you care.
Let me know if you need to bounce any ideas off of me. I'd be happy to chat.
What are some of your favorite classical pieces to listen to on a bright and sunny spring day? What a great day in the #GLEEfulweek in May
“ When an #Aquarius wants you, feel lucky because their love is intense and real”
Learning about copyright via webinar with
you could drive her all week
Polar bears can eat as many as 86 penguins in a single sitting
Skipped out on the last band to try and miss the 2am mugging rush.
What videos are you guys watching? We try and track what the cool videos are so help us out!
I'm working on a list of the Top 25 Cardinals of all-time. Any non-obvious players who deserve consideration?
I'm sure it will at least look cool.
“: Fond memories of my early years flooding back #Madonna” Me too!
refocus on Pluckhahn's paper - ethnographical skills need to be more focused in order to fully use these tools
It is perfect.
We're sitting in a bar near the trolley station trying to not let the beer go bad. :)
Tips from Food and Wine magazine on how to make a great meatball. Maybe I'll share some of my secrets later this week :)...
Southern CA school librarians: ALA or ISTE?
That wont be the last! I plan to bring my team in for the experience! RT : We love a happy chef in the fields!
I though u always be mine .. Mine :/
RT : #Libra is a go getter, independent and always fair. << That's me!!! :)
I hate seeing all this on here
Cyber Monday fashion deals and steals In the wonderful world of retail, sales promoted via emails are prevalant, especially with the rise
My Fone About To Die :(
People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring. -R. Hornsby
Dudes with yellow mohawks should at least be good.
she won't ... I promise you she won't, she will forever regret say that because I won't let her near my kids is she keeps up
Hard for them to hide their disdain, but shouldn't justices be practiced at at least APPEARING to be impartial?
Send notices as self-mailers and save the envelope cost. It adds up for larger class actions.
wow the We Are Marshall soundtrack is awesome
yeah ik lol #zap is in my room or #zap would tweet me happy birthday :)
Happy New Year Friends! Excited for all the great things ahead... Can't wait for your new cd & welcoming baby girl 3 :-)
In all regular season games played in January, the #Ravens are No. 2 all-time in both rushing offense (164.7 ypg) and run defense (71.2 ypg)
Tonight Y'all! Americana Music Artist, in Downstairs Lounge, March 20th @ 8.30pm
Finally hopping on the twitter bandwagon.
where you at
It's my birthday today. Apparently it's also Charles Dickens'.
Grove's Tasting Room is open today from 12-5pm. Stop in for Free Mulled Wine, Tasting, Glasses, and Last Minute Gifts. Happy Holidays!!!
I hate amateur night!
Going on now. Genealogy & Generations Exhibit at Newark School of the Arts!
suddenly feel like eating chocolate cake.
We count over 20 "in the round" performances going on, starting at 2pm upstairs in the top floors! Come see some awesome folkies!
www.gemcuisine.com !! Your Gourmet Alternative To The Boring Corporate Lunch
what time?:o
Next up...try to figure out PostGIS.
Dov has the mic & is speaking abt parent organizing.
..you keep posting great info, I'll keep retweetin'...lol
Trying to figure out how much I really need to stay for the rest of the show. Love Erykah Badu and all but after BDK & Rick I'm kinda good.
I will be on at about 4-5 p.m. EST
Four day weekend starts NOW. here I come ready or not! (Speaking of not ready- I need to pack/make a playlist asap)
RDJ's shoes are great. I would love a Mark Ruffalo "Hulk" movie... but preferably with Joss Whedon as Writer/Director :)
Yeah, it doesn't seem very well thought out in that respect. The two LEDs stay on too so it's clear that it's on.
Thank YOU! The new GaLuWi web site www.GaLuWi.com had 877+ hits in two weeks. All over the USA, Canada, Ireland & Puerto Rico. Thank you!!!
Prepare for & to destroy #RBNY on the 23d at RBA.
Watching my babe fall asleep and talking to himself is pretty cute lol
follow BBTFactory's CEO Dana Randall
renaming? that sounds like a terrible idea
I survived!! Got ice on me and taking some meds.... Thanks for asking!!
I am way more excited for Cars 2 than either of my children.
I'll probably use a borax one, as I'll have to get some to make laundry detergent, anyway.
awh that's great! it's still 21:20 here. good morning. x
Quote of the night: Is that guy dressed up like Edward Cullen or is he just a douchebag?
Affinity is powerful force in building trust. Start with those you share a common bond because we trust those who remind us of ourselves.
Good Morning, New England....
#littleknownfact Google does not look at the "keywords" meta tag in it's current algorithm
I passed the English section with a flat 200 & failed the math by 4 points..
your so close oh my god
Jersey shore gave it away. Now they all know we've been makin fun of them
Art/graff show/sale mania! 5th and marth go now hurry.
Having a not so great day.
I did! Grandma and grandpa!!
Just got word that the Cabo Wabo girls will be at the Inn this Thursday from 8-10pm...details to follow.
Stop by the Greenfield Wisconsin Athletic Club for Dog Day Bash to benefit 5-7PM tonight; fun and games for you and your dog!
Oh oH Oh It's Magic.! You Know. Never Believe It's Not Soo.!
Steven's account operates in stealth mode. He can never be found.
Awesome Weekend! Time to step out of the wardrobe and rejoin the rest of the world! What a ride!
Cover yo' plants, people. RT : Freeze Warning early Tuesday Morning. 32 ovrngt for Omaha, some areas colder.
NEW SHOW DATE: Wednesday, September 15th at the Comedy Central Stage in LA! Mark your calendars!
Where can runners complain to regarding treatment of a runner by Seattle police?
Donors felt international monetary donations were more susceptible to corruption and misuse
Yeah- thats the mark my body made : ( - Spent all morning in xray, lost feeling in part of my right hand - happened on water st
Willis: examples of avant-garde, feminist works with strong textual play and/or material practices like scratching into film
Thanks for the fridayreads shout out!
Excuse my mistake: "shouldn't", not "should."
forgot to eat the cookies last night and my youngest sister thinks santa hates her...
Oh there very well could be. Might as well be invisible.
This damn phone wont let me download any songs.
Some people are so easily manipulated
theres nothing better than spending time with your friends:)
sweet one man!
count me in!
oh damn. Let me know what we are doing so I can pack more if needed
#FavoriteClothingBrand L.A.M.B. 
that sucks, well, there's next year. I'll be sure to point out all the major fests on my twitter. Where are you based?
Taking 791 Music Cataloging this summer. Three days in, it's still interesting.
new iPhone and an otter box case for only $35 ;) tell me that wouldn't make your day! Lol
Watching #TropicThunder too funny.
Warhammer 40K APOC tomorrow at Other WOrlds! Doors open at 11am. teams start assembling right away.
we're so glad for all of our 2010 graduates today & can't wait for Peabody's commencement tonight!
#SupportTheBay #Vote for RETRO on (Retweet)
Interested in mid-ocean ridges? Hydrothermal vents? Follow
Just had a chance to sharpen up my presentation skills in my Promo/Publicity class. Priceless.
There is an outlet in the back available.
Open mic tonight! Hosted by Jeordie, 9pm. Open to everyone.
Hey, don't look at me.
If you don't listen to North Korea, I don't know what you're doing with your life.
It doesn't help that I don't use my name but this is more of a personal not professional thing
That is so true. Thank you I needed that this morning.
Shaun can you get on facebook chat if you aren't busy please I need to talk :/
Could be typo in date; au's stopped working on ms for years; or publisher inexcusably slow. Any inside info?
Blasphemy! We're out on the east side if you want to join us.
if i could only press rewind just so i coulda done things a little differently.
I feel as if that is untrue.
I REALLY need to stop playing the game "how high can I lift my arm before it hurts." Probably counterproductive to healing.
oh I've been there, still let me down; too much makeup and too many Blondes.
satchel didn't need a relief pitcher.
But you dummies think a nigga talkin out the side of his neck! Aint nothin and I mean NOTHIN you youngins have done that I havent
