PRODIGY even tho he migt drink it all lmao
#FF She always drops knowledge about a topic many people love!
had a blast Friday by the way!!
If U Need Your Music Promoted Call Me Asap Taking On New Clients Only $100 For 4 Weeks Of Branding And Exposure. 678.835.7625 You will...
Looking forward to seeing you!
What about just finding one bag that's ergonomic?
Awesome eMarketing / Social Media seminar yesterday! Highly recommended!
you are so photogenic<3.
Aint nobody got time for bullshit...or bronchitis.
Oh kimosabi big ballin is my hobby.
Online learning opportunities grow with the announcement of MIT + Harvard's
He does not like that wall
Using voice text apologies everyone if I sound like a bigger idiot than usual
That's thr goal, Sandro! Glad you heard it.
Yes i did, signed up earlier in the week actually! waiting for a response.
Working in a government office in Wyandanch, listening on the radio, crying along with coworkers, begging for word from loved ones.
So, #NBA owned Hornets trading Chris Paul to the #LAKERS. Conspiracy theorists couldn't have asked for a better Christmas present.
Heh - thanks. The old one was getting stale. :)
To our NYC teachers who come to the JFR teacher training programs you are great and are an inspiration.
Interested in law school? Meet UM Carey Law Admissions Ofcr. today @ the Greater Western NY Law Fair from 1-3pm @ the BuffaloNiagra Marriott
Wow! u do hav lot of fans!!:) Ur up So late! u sure got lot energy 2! im turnin in! Hav blessed rest of ur day! :)
I am so lucky it wasn't somebody I loved.
That made me laugh out loud - literally. He (she) really does...
music on full blast. probably gonna go deaf tonight
Navigating LA traffic like it's a video game
Hi all please go to my website and check out the great book 77 Tried and True Home based business www.createmoneyweb.com
"The amount of the arts budget is tiny - but it's impact is immense!" -Becky Roper Matkov, Dade Heritage Trust
What is 1 serving of vegetables? 1 cup of raw leafy vegetables (e.g. lettuce/celery), ½ cup other vegetables or ¾ cup vegetable juice.
really? Until when?
Narcisse pulling off the Larry Nance. A Clemson man himself.
Re:public with Manhattan!
Girl: what's dat sound? Me: Oh, that's just the money calling my name!
"Couple of oat sodas, Gary."
A little disappointed that Luck was canceled. Wanted to check it out.
Whoever runs #AT&T, I hope your yacht sinks with you on it. Screwing people over to make money is not a business model.
When You Put God First, You Will Never Come In Second.
Holy shit that cop car scared me.
thanks you so much for the shoutout! it's nice to "meet" you guys!
Will we WAKE UP! Perhaps WE'LL stop calling ourselves and OUR people Ni**a/Ni**er, Perhaps we will spend our money with US!
Icky Thump by the White Stripes RT : What's your favorite song to ride to?
Wed. Coed 6 silver winter session at Field Sports Dublin... www.capitalcitysports.com
- Indeed. This is a tragedy that reflects a hidden hatred that many carry within.Hopefully truth will prevail.
it all started with her wanting "the privacy act" because she didn't want photos of her house on the mls
interesting morning indeed
Driving up Interstate 5 listening to AM country radio. Perfection.
On my way to Benihana.
Finally getting back to what I should be doing with Husker Du and Tom Waits on the stereo and a lot of lost writing to catch up on.
Why is it human nature to chase people who don't wanna be caught and run from the ones tryna catch us ?
of all your life achievements, making the cut is the least impressive. Making this cut is on-par with hitting 2 green lights.
I speak the truth!
Kay: "news" = stuff that fits with what we already know. Genuinely "new" = that which we cannot understand - profound problem for learning.
I just discovered the bumpy Nerds kind
I couldn't stop laughing when lucien and bobby were hahahahahha
Why do they even pitch to tha Kidd? That a boy prince, 2 run shot!
That's great!
Das A Bet
did you want me to make that for you?
It sure feels like winter outside! Reminder: If you're trying to book before New Years there are not many spots left!
nope, but I'm on TweetDeck
Just bought blue nd pink spider bites :D Love A.J. - coming to him when I deciede to get a tattoo :)
you're my new best friend call me every 5 minutes
Just saw a stretch limo parked out in front of the hearing aid center next door.
follow me chris man
Single speed.
It's weird being around people and yet you're still the only I want to be next to... Holding hands and laughing like kids.
I'm probably gonna send you and Mau like 10 bags of candy(:
its a great story.
Follow she gives good
I just watched my 6 Yr stepson play soccer. He is really good at dancing on the field. But kicking...
The Winter Olympics FINALLY start! USA!
Gahh damn shame, you send a bad boy to play a grown mans game..
Q, has friday 11:30 at our spot? Be good to see you.
I need to see avengers again....kinda dozed off
"let me get my cleats on in case we have to run through the woods"
It's a little crazy. I am so very proud of u by the way and miss u terribly. NYC soon? Film tour?? Say yes!
count me in...
That must be nice. Enjoy!
Atmosphere at Staples Center is nutty right now. Up 1-0..they can smell it. Is LA finally becoming a hockey town?
RT : Thanks so much to for hosting my Kanban session tonight. Great turnout and discussions!
I'm always sick :( & the day before STAAR...Great. Just Perfect !
So many new followers, thanks for the support! We are hiring drivers! Send a DM if you are interested in bringing good food to happy people!
this indie pop station on pandora is pretty fucking rad.!@#$
just here chilling!(:
Not angry anymore..but still have a slight headache. Yay for pain!
As far as I'm concerned, every Friday is
Loving the 2009 cab blend! Tasting in
the hot chick been coming on alot lately.
I am in love with Clint Eastwood right now. Love.
Thanks for stoppin' by and eating with us! How was everything?
I need 2 go 2 the studio .....instead of been @ home I'm my bed..ツ
Thanks Laura!!<3 :}
Excited to see at the
that's awesome! made me literally laugh out loud
yeah im sure but I did check the account and I think someone hacked it
No income is scary, scary, scary.
Once a month and you're good!
That guy who always has to bring in the scenarios that you can't quite validate yet just to piss you off.
you've been missed my man
<3 you are inspiring too you know. let's talk about this project already!
DUDE you are so right. first, they ruin the ironic t-shirt..
woo-hoo! I can't wait to take a peek at it. Thanks!
Final 4 rings? Lets get that ship next year
I need your attention....
artichoke globes? how about asphalt, hasps, lacewings, stalled, sumac
I hate you We don't need people like you in our world so why don't you make like Kesha and drop off the face of this EARTH.
If someone tells you you're not beautiful, flip them off and walk away. (;
Eyes are getting heavy..
Hi Pete, drop me a note on how you do that.
The sandwiches from my are the truth. Much needed improvement to my day. Now it's nap time.
7 big iconic jumping on stage. Jason fell off and bumped his head Geo called the doctor nd the doctor said no more Iconic's...
Orientation at Target today.
yay! thank you :)
We are in the same boat!!
#10ThingsIDislike my phone's battery life.
My mama must of speed cause she almost in Lubbock.
it seems as if they are not, in fact, good to go.
Many of da things I ca count alot of money
you need to follow me. x
The Girl With A Dragon Tattoo - beautiful to look at, completely emotionally muted. I'd blame the Swedes but Bergman's work says otherwise.
I won't be in ES tomorrow, I have a doctor's appt. at 8. don't miss me too much girl ! (;
And they are back . Santonio Holmes touchdown . Go gang green
can't wait. Got my dvr set just in case I'm not sitting in front of my tv at that very moment.
Agree. She was kick-ass. Loved her character development.
King James Bad Move. All Rose 8.0
I SCREAMED.
www.Pledge4Patriots.com been asked to attend the CHASE BANK Networking event on E50hwy and Econlockhatchee, Orlando, Florida our first event
I would have but u were hatin way to much lol
sounds good! Will have to come to one of your events. We're in 's space, just chugging away at the product :)
Yep, soon. Reading while I chaperone for a elem. school competition.
OMG! The house phone just rang & Gia crawled up & picked up the phone ctfu!!!!!
In Philly and it's chilly
No more than $15 mil RT : 20 mil guaranteed for Shaddy McCoy? Knowing that, what do you think is fair guarantee for Forte?
": All eyes on Kansas City."
Gotta wait, my friend.
We go into the studio may 9th to record our next ep. Who's ready for some new tunes!?
did you know you can share the service/cost with up to 4 people?
If we win this game I will personally call and tell him thank you. Actually no, I'm still mad at him.
I want to get stranded at Baumpound too! Lol
Shopping is so much more fun when you have money, so is stealing.
Unloading 90k meals today from weekend events...soon shipping a combined 250k meal container to Guatemala and Honduras.
Hangover 2 - almost as funny as the first...almost!
YES Jermaine won!!!
Just booked a 4-star hotel in San Diego for only $100. Thank you Hotwire.
GOAL! Peppi Sipila bangs home the rebound to get Lindenwood right back in it. 2-1, 4:07 left in the second
A proposal was written up tonight and submitted to Jamie Sage to be reviewed tomorrow so we can begin production of the re-design.
#ThingsYouShouldStopDoingInYour30s Including "LOL" in your texts.
SURVEY: What are you willing to let go of in order to let your beautiful voice shine?
People be shocked when I hold the door for them lol it's called manners...
All my friends know that I have to touch their boob at least 3x a week. Lmao.
Can you spin the audience or content as the sexy bit even if your interface is run of the mill?
I think both approaches could/should be used
If I told America Millions of jobs can be created across this nation with the housing market what would they say??? Not rocket science Obama
Just paidd 3.99 for gas in #Camrel. Did I miss something and did we go to war? Thought prices were falling
Welp. Looks like Rachel and I won't have matching Peeta and Gale t-shirts. Hot Topic is sold out. :(
I want some soul food. Black people dont deliver! RT : order something. ": I'm so hungry, and so lazy. What's a man
Any other symphony fans among my friends? Adams conducts Adams and Glass next week at Walt Disney Concert Hall.
Ohh Yeah ? Star Huh? You Can Call Me Darius.
Thanks for sharing the information, !
The Arrangement on Fremont has a great gift selection & the sweetest employees. Love going in there!
DHDIET Nutritionist Joy Bauer says a protein-rich snack mid-afternoon keeps you awake &alert.
Attending the #TEXPO Conference in Dallas was a great experience! Thanks to everyone who stopped by and talked with us!
Celebrating the signing of Citizen Icon!!!!!!
NOT funny...lol
Have been trying to pollinate the office plants. More intimate of an experience than I expected.
OMG, I've just had an idea that I'm so excited about that I want to cry.
News Norman says he wouldn't have picked Tiger Woods Greg Norman says he would not have picked Tiger Woods for the President
Get your chunky behind up and push me around in a wheelchair. You can definitely use it!
You used to shine so bright but I watched all of it fade
Thanks for being my newet sweetie tweetie!
students on stage singing at
“When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world.” George Washington Carver
it's says district 9 on the flyer, ain't that old town tavern?
This game is going to give me a heart attack! Let's go Heels!!
That girl... Had no confidence in letting her singing voice do the talking x]
Almost Infamous...
Rewatched Shaitan. Every time I talk to you, it's like checking into a motel.
I know! Super excited! (:
RT : What an incredible rejection of Gov. Kasich's anti-worker law in Ohio. Think got the message?
Come hang out at the Fox and Hound tonight! Campbell and 75. (Over 21 only, please.)
whaaa? Are you excited?
It takes two people to make an effort reality
Saw a midnight showing of #ThinkLikeAMan. Fantastic performances by all involved! Your characters always have such layers :)
Best (free) tool or process to convert PDF to csv or Excel on Mac? (help, or others?)
Merry Monday, Mardy. You're looking in rare form. <-- No idea from where "mardy" came. Thought remains.
“: Not sure what the hell is in "Chick Fila sauce" but it's the greatest condiment of all time Zebra semen and BBQ sauce
We're gonna do what lovers do, we're gonna have a fight or two. But i ain't ever changing my mind <3
I'm becoming a real bitch *kanye shrug* oh well ;)
Def. just watched my beloved Brewers blow it disappointingly in last minutes of BOSvNJN scrub time here at Prud Ctr.
well I wasn't. Stop taking.your fricken bad mood out on me I didn't do anything to you.
Fans of use the code"JordanArkaik" to get 25% ends sunday!
Procrastination at its finest.
I'm ouuta here 4 now all.....
lol watching the Brady bunch
wait, wait, wait.... Seriously!? Buh :?
Exactly! I so dont need to know all that!!
I always say "I'll never leave my homework for sunday again" ,but thats bullshit. Doing homework and studying for three tests tomorrow .___.
welcome to the club!
Walk in purpose... No matter what!!!!
Need Sr Backend Programmers, Technical Artists, QA Engineers & Technical Art Director, for
just checking in, hello everyone
some guy just handed me a balloon. What do I do?
ur so lucky
Mexican & Native American. I got to check into that dude, lot of my fav tunes coming out of NZ. Katchafire Julien Dyne...
i never come on this account anymore have you missed getting tweets from your microphone? :)
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
I won't be able to use these church birth and death records to calculate age-specific vital rates like I thought. :-(
UPDATE: Okay, so maybe the 2nd one was a fail... the first one was somewhat done. The last? LOVED IT. :) G'night!!!! xx Elle
Last prom.. Dunzo. Senior year is so bittersweet. #OneMoreMonth :/
Reframe fail. Fail fabulously, fast, and keep on going on.
your mom's not plural for your face, either
Heading to in Stone Oak to p/u my season tickets this evening.
Thank you!
You know you are a geek when by habit the first program you launch is terminal.
fun! Have you been before? Thinking about going sometime. When's the due date?
Soaking up the inspiration at SMPS Heartland Conference.
Nice! I need to make it out there soon.
: i learned the hard way. even if the storm blows over, better safe than sorry. | thanks for letting folks know!
ugh!! Hurry!!
Get free tickets today for a Library Lecture w/ Robert Kanigel (On an Irish Island), March 1, 7 PM at the Everhart Museum.
Ha! Beautiful city. Hope the book gives you a few tips.
Why is my account suspended? I really need it for our website launch. :(
it's definitly different.
Sometimes I wonder why the good guys get over looked? Hm
I went to Toas NM. yesterday. It was sure a fantastic wonderful town! I want to go back!
#Slime1D get it trending
LONG TIME NO SEE
Morning Joe Panel Perplexed By 'Smoking' Herman Cain Ad: 'That Wasn't Serious ...
no school tomorrow ;)
It really hit me today that I'm graduating in 5 days -_-
did you know that Dagnomusic.com is Free! join today! be a part of our open Beta!
Good morning thanks for the follow. What's your favorite #mix1 flavor ?!
By the way, it wasn't even that good.
Thanks for the heads up! RT and the patio is open!
yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, and today is a gift, that's why we call it the present*
its hot as ball.....
IM GOD! lets start itty
Tummy aches suck.
Bus discussions about #p90x are getting me pumped for core synergistics tonight!
BOISE, Idaho -- Two of Boise State's three football players with Dutch ties were suspended at the start of the season because of...
Exhausted beyond belief.....
He is such a tool. I am waiting for one of the other ESPN personalities to mention UK when he doesn't. Get a life Knight!
Wasting 15 minutes at the gas station >
Has anyone in the ever been nicknamed Plasticman? Kevin Durant should be nicknamed Plasticman.
A5) not always... besides, who do you believe? Why? That's an open ended question.
were you at hard times in Clarendon tonight? If not I swear I saw your twin.
My problem was the file, I think. It wouldn't open in iBooks or Goodreader. Everything seems to be working now.
": BREAKING: Joey Votto crushes walk-off grand slam for his 3rd homer of the game." Joey Votto is the perfect human being.
i thought a love like ours was forever..
You are peculiar, coyote.
I will never get to inbox zero
enjoy the rest of the conference!
Lunch specials today: butternut squash soup, chicken en croute w/salad, grilled half artichoke with garlic-pesto aioli. How to choose?!
ALERT! PayPal on censorship campaign; PayPal trying to force Smashwords, etal to remove material. NO, NO PayPal.
nah I am sure there are more... I am boarding a deadhead from MEM to ATL then going to CAE...you?
A little late but AP Chem was crazy lol
tough road game at the end of the season will let us know where we stand for super bowl run.
Dance in a few
Lame that the beginning of the baseball season gets more coverage than the NHL playoffs.
Is this a rhetorical question?
Can BlackBerry 10 Save The BlackBerry?
THANK YOU BASED GOD
SS yeah
": I feel your pain King ! I'm in a similar position. You got it tho" Yup just gotta pray on it. It'll be ok
What band?
Yeah, YOUR fault. (Well, kinda... find your charger)
Trust issues
#Justified ended another great season! Can't wait for the next...
What dreams do you have that require hard work to get there?
I've only been to the Bahamas Florida Alabama Atl The Sipp Chi-town Nashville Missouri n Iowa The Lou next so let me think
Delivering a leadership workshop at Pfizer's Partners for Success event in Charlotte today!
Gonna destroy some Papa Johns Pizza real quick
Last day of spring break :'(
Really doll? I care. I wont let u forget me!
Friday's Bonus Point: The Madison Boys & Girls Club off S. Park Street! Take a picture outside to earn more points toward our prizes!
I don't read your tweets in bed...
I'm sure whatever he said changed your life
2. The issues in this country have more to do with the have and have-nots than race.
Beach = lots and lots and lots and lots of tattoos.
That's okay! A few wins under your belt might help you make the transition to real stocks someday though, right? :-)
hahaha i feel u :D before she left she got me McDonalds!;D
prolly gonna be still down there, whats up
I guess we now know who won the mix battle!!
Not for a YouTube logo... For a corporate or company logo, yes. But YouTube? No. $5 max for YT.
looks like a real nail-biter between Rory and Tiger
Yes ... (shaking head)
I wanna go play on my elementary school playground, one last time.
Seriously, I'm physically shaking.
missing work too?
Or simply looking at the other posts in the discussion board would have made it very clear.
i love your bronzer it's Amaazeing, can't wait for italy, love you guys!
“: Does any1 remember when the "ROC" did those hot97 freestyles?! Them niggas went #HAM” #B. Sigel
this is my busy time of year, but I can always squeeze in Foundation time!!
Paul the octopus says that Spain will win, and I agree.
Maybe it should be the "dreamatorium" in a nod to 's project.
A great relaxing Saturday afternoon of reading and drinking tea.
two more hours before our music video for "She's Automatic" hits! Retweeeeet if you've already told all your friends!
Welp. I guess I I needed to get up. I hope my bed take me back </3
All the way!
I love my phone!!!!!! It's sexy, I should name him already
i wrk hard for da lil bit i got..i know in da end ill b greatly rewarded
Deans & division heads seek data and approval flow. Provosts & CAOs need to be kept in the loop and consulted with.
Claudia, Excited to lunch with as a victim of bullying as a child..I love the message he is sending by being part of City Hearts
& then lucky to not face DRose & JNoah.
It's getting a lot of buzz, we love it!
Love that video. I hope we get hit hard again this year since I'm a new Federal Hillian.
I totally agree....
Don't lead me on..
We have had meetings with several excellent prospective MBA students over the last week. Join them. Application deadline: May 7.
I see spots O_o
Feeling kind of sick... Damn itt. 😢
AB Roller Evolution naw not goin to order but looks cool
Hi, everyone sorry have not twitted lately been business writing article and press releases for my websites.www.bannerbydesign.com
"She's a woman, and she's the TARDIS." "Did you wish really hard?"
Does anybody know how I could get to follow me and to tweet me?
Singing loudly : I BELIEVE IN THE IMPOSSIBLE!! I STRIVE TO BE THE VERY BEST!
Things not to do in public: test out your cell phone's cache of annoying ringtones. In a restaurant, no less.
. Exactly; e.g. annotations which users can contribute and then select when they read. (I want Dr. Kenner's notes to Joyce.)
Austin! We are looking for new sponsors to add to our network! Contact us!
Aww thx Katina! I'll be shopping instead of from now on too!
i haven't heard from dominique in a while...
#FilipinoSwagg we won!!!!!!!!! Oh yeah tweeting my happiness...
#scottiepippentweets Richard Petty? Psh. Kyle Petty is the greatest of all time.
repeat what we spent together ♥ ♥
I'm so lazy on my day off 😒
u sick
Someone invite me to pinterest..bet with my wife
My tanlines are not okay.
My state Senator likes the internet tax part of the stadium bill.
Perry drops out of Pres. race after Romney tells him to run for the 10th Supreme Ct. seat where voting begins Nov. 12, 2012.
Our Winner of the iPad is Amy Riccardi. Thank every one for liking us on Facebook and watch for future promotions on Facebook and Twitter.
Shout out to My Gonzalez Engstrom Fadul and Pimentel Familia* Love you guys!
RT Do you have something to donate to the raffle? Give to a good cause and get promoted! Ping me if interested!
Forget the calendar - I know it's Spring when I switch from hot to iced coffee. thanks,
s/o lol the team so strong I couldn't fit'em all in one tweet
I have decided the #Royals should win today. Can they do that for me? #yankees v
just like 2006 right? He made some big plays that year. It makes alot of sense
What up! I need a Promo for an album. What do you say?
Just redid my toes(: they remind me of winter.
Got my 1st drunk call of the day. Apparently I'm a dick head.
Scotland Yard: Three Olives Cocktails tonight for only $3! The Kind Brothers are playing at Water Street , stop by before and after the show
Are you going to remember the correct locker room to enter?
Thanks for the +K chica! :)
Now it's 85° F, Clear in New York City - Fahrenheit for iPhone & iPad. Wishing safe & cool travels for #tcbsm4hr tomorrow!
when you coming back to madison wi?
haha no we have science nd I have math
Great tip from event: embrace those on other side; make them part of the event.
No really I'd love to take a nap but I'm too busy grinding the shit out of my teeth & building a heated Igloo out sugar cubes!
New book, "The Young and The Digital" by is forthcoming
its called yeah yeah off future's dirty sprite mixtape
Crazy day at the mall brendan bought a top hat!
Tomorrow I'm taking the sat test and I haven't studied. I'm only 14, its some duke program.
Wayne Lindholm #mnbes successful groups spend more time with people on the why than the how or the what. The Human Element
Joining on shortly to discuss #13WHAM Special Report 2nite @ 8pm SYNTHETIC DRUGS: A GROWING TEEN DANGER
RT : Hey, I'm just lookin' for a good time. -Lady Antebellum
idk lol but yeah they thinks its scary xD
really? where are you i dont see you :p
good. Dont want to go to all these jobs tonight
Sending my love>>❤..I'm still at work->RT : Supporting my Vegas fam & at their play "Damaged Goods"
Just watched "To Kill a Mockingbird" for the 1,000th time. I still LOVE that movie/book. Oh Atticus...
make sure not to upset the locals by being yourself. Ha!
Just realized as a Californian in NYC that earthquakes are much less frightening when you grow up with them
didn't help. i'm tired of calling you guys (plus: NO PHONE), can I get tech support in a company store?
- What a great idea! We appreciate it!
Im saying Shabazz to UCLA and we get Nerlens. Hope shabazz surprises me.
RT US #GDP - well, if that was the STRONG quarter of 2012, we've got a lot of wood to chop. Up 2.2%.
What is this trick you speak of?
Gah! We missed you at #MilkMilkLemonade tonight. I even brought you a cookie, but then I eated it.
Plz follow me I will follow back!!!
In smartphone wars, legislation become the weapon of choice (Amy Hammer, Verizon). The stakes are high.
Watch it mister! :P
I love your tweets!! They're amazing!!(:
David Robertson is on waivers and I'm 10th in the order. Hoping Girardi tabs Soriano to close.
“: Romney: "My grandpa always said that marriage is the union of a man and a woman and a woman and a woman and a woman."”
what do you use tumblr for?
Hope the wheatgrass shots gave you lots of energy for your fun filled Saturday!
Hehehe! RT : If you hate Mondays, you need a new job. RT
Wow... Stephen Tyler is a really bad singer. I mean like bad, bad.
hey Sam! How about a RT for getting a 36 yrd pick 6 in the SB against P. Manning!!!
is he gonna get it
I just cried typing that. ohmygod can we please go back. I miss that day.
i need my own fucking place
30,000 views get on my level
omg omg 10 minutes!!
New Acting Star, show your support for others getting a foot in the door at our amazing festival, will be great to have you!
This week it's Salt Lake City, next week it's San Francisco, then New Jersey first week of March. So much for my quiet first quarter.
thanks for the mention hope to see you at a show soon.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination. ~ John Lennon
filmmaker just gave us a follow, check him out!
when have you tweeted me? I've asked you to give me your fb and info hahah
what are the best food sharing apps? foodspotting? the eatery? looking for something social and journal-like that I can refer to
can you follow people anymore? Me not 😰
I read through some of those comments. Sad is the only comment that comes to mind, too. Cheers, and Happy Festivus!
Chimps yoga today with Courtney at 3:30pm on Miami Beach! Mommies can enjoy Gradiva's Yoga Flow class at the same time!
May is Brain Tumor Awareness Month. Don't forget to wear your Gray!
The next 13 hours needs to fly by!
Guys, when Felicity Porter wants to have sex, she gets pretty weird.
hey followers, tweet me ;)
im saying cause I'm at the mall wiff dem cause I just ranned into them n I said retweet if u want me to tell dem u said hi
Thanks for the follow! How's the magic life treating you in the UK?
Running bitpak makes my phone hot. What's it doing? (besides downloading blocks)
Is that you in your icon? If so then your very hot
got it. Juicy.
Lol @ the girls with these whack ass ways to start convos with a cute dude and all they get is a retweet
same to you
I follow everyone team follow back
calm down and if there a hater just ignore and be normal.There nothing to worry bout and if a hater stare at u just look away
Latest read: Vigilante by Stephen J. Cannell. Writing's pedestrian, but he's a good storyteller.
where are you sitting?
_: If they ain't gonna ride for you then they shouldn't be riding with you.
We're having another taste test today! #LuckyMe! We're looking for a great meat combo. Suggestions?
I'm intrigued. Will you be going for the 'Bag of Crap' in the Woot-Off?
Hopefully that made sense lol...
mariachi music is playing...johns tex mex is open...thread has festive wear...COME TO THE SOUTH WEDGE TODAY!!!
Whoo on a roll this AM. Writing, reports, media requests, more writing, and more reports. Prep as we head into mid-May already!
The moment when you go to the bathroom at skyline and they have no toilet seat.. Smh.. #SquatMode lol
Oh fuck I dont remember where I parked?! SeaWorld why you gotta be so big?!
staying home the past few days... i think has helped. Headache is slowly going away...
GO ANDY!! This is awesome :)
We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence, and its only end. - Benjamin Disraeli
#twittertools TwitterHolic: This list is being constantly updated so you can find out who the most popular twitter users are. Also You can g
Baby what’s the deal, have you ever heard of some shit so real?
Advantages and lot of disadvantages still
Naaa it is nothing like how ppl say it is :-p
So I got the newest Crest 3D white toothpaste... all I gotta say is mah teeth is gonna be slaying tomorrow
Have you checked out the site listorious? Looks like they beat us to the chase..
who the fuck eats frogs? SO GROSS!!! I am goig to puke
Thanks for info on Vaclav Havel and the Dalai Lama.
New music obsession: Gotye. Somebody That I Used to Know is pretty bomb.
One last thing....this #YOLO shyt is getting waayyy outta hand smh!! I think we all realize u don't come back like Jesus!
maybe something like Ian's capuchino(sp?) maker c:
#atplc did you know that Heiffer International is located in Little Rock?
Be a legend
Ah so many movies I wanna see!!
thanks for the recommendation
You should get me one too ! <3 ;)
#salute to you my brother!!!!
its a cult classic. Like Transamerica or Rocky Horror Picture Show. Its fantastic though
Join us this Thur North-Central for a holiday wine tasting & silent auction $25 at the door. 8p - 10p
Best sunday ever coming up.. practice in the morning, then off to see my favorite band live the dream I follow every day
Reggie Bush claims he will lead the NFL in rushing this year. When did he become a comedian?
thanks buddy, got a post coming in a few minutes
you say that like it's a BAD thing. RT : None of my old BBS logins work.
want good quotes on your timeline? then I want you to follow please (: she needs more followers! she's
Packers' Practice is best when tuned in remote to Cheese Head TV! The best way to stay connected to the best team in NFL!
sumthin sad happened to my relatives but my heart goes out to them forever and always
Looking for some steady work in the Houston Area....I'm a Killer carpenter and remodeler ....
I feel you I can't sleep... This four day weekend.... Blah well t taubes imma be asleep in yo class
#ThingsWeAskGod2helpUsWith for Gaga to win a Grammy every year. Where was he this year? Bailing on us, man.
He's going 3/4 tonight!!
why. Cause of that slutbag?
trucking away. getting ready to try the Chocolate Maple Porter the lady and I have been brewing
I want to run through the forest. :-)
yeah I know, and the worst part is that they can't keep it for themselves. It hurts but I don't give a fuck! Hahaha! :)
So happy that Kashian gave you a platform to talk ball w/o an audience. Also, no Jewish AS team is complete w/o Ryan Braun.
This bar is playing I'm in Miami bitch.....it's like they know my life
wait till you get a gander at my cowboy boots cc
Boston got the Sixers with the ish face??? They looking like they giving up..it's the playooffs anything can happen stop looking sad!!
When was the last time you got out & enjoyed nature? It can feed your soul.
I only text like 2 people now hahahha.
Chun: To what extent is a network circulation rather than infrastructure?
- girl I'm so ready for tonight! We gotta show Patty how #Missouri does it! PS - u're my wing-woman tonight!
Join us for Pub Trivia tonight at 7:30! Be sure to get there early to claim a table for your team!
Congrats to on your book and tv spot- great to see you and all the honest moms on the Today Show!
I love mine! I'm sure they'll be delish!
follow back love like the ski new York page as well
Didn't know Canada was involved in the Manhattan Project. Maybe they're harboring nuclear weapons now.
I hope life isn’t a joke, because I don’t get it.
#Chicago - What is the name of the clothing store on Michigan (S of water tower on the W side) that has the walls of SEWING MACHINES.
That Gendarme just body-slammed Australia bikini guy
Make Sound Investment With Investment Property Loans
Been pushing myself doing more pushups and now my wrist is killing me!
Your tweets are amazing! Lol, cracking me up over here.
Thanks for the mention and for following
- thanks for the retweet!
miss you
Haha! Exactly! Phoenix can remain safe for tonight. L0L! Well at least from our powers.
I'm so very sad my heart is broken I LUV THE BEASTIE BOYS peace and luv ADAM we will miss U!!!
killed that Right by My Side video. I'm in love ❤
Good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance.
Injured Clijsters Out Of Clay Court Season - 10sBalls
Hey, CEO says he knows you from business school.
haha where to
Happy St Patrick's Day! Did you get caught not wearing green today?
#AskBieber Why are you so popular despite your complete lack of musical talent, originality, and authenticity?
Congratulations! Break a leg!
I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries
Tonight in The Temple Lounge see ATC's own Mark Ryan and T. Greg Squires perform with The Clam Tostada! Show starts at 9:30PM.
That sounds good. Thanks for checking
Hope you and enjoyed your meals!
Very nice road win for #Michigan tonight
ooohhhh is that better?
If you ever want to find the loneliest ppl on twitter, check the @ mettions to bots. It's funny in a sad way
just makin sure you can find us..... this my page all day...... bout 2 send u one of my new tracks
RT ": O Crap.... I Lost Track of That Spider.... Now I Feel Like a Victim In My Own Home" haha
uh oh, trouble in paradise? i don't know you in real life but i still care about you! xoxo hope everything's ok
Blarghhhhhhh I'm bored.
must not have any good fried chicken places in Cleveland that deliver to the dugout.
Thanks, I'll keep you posted on what I find out
Happy Birthday Cody!!!<3 Hope you have a great day(: I love you and always will<33
Once again, freedom if speech in question?! #Hank Williams, Jr made a comment-funny n my opinion- & the left goes wild!Ironic its ok 4 them!
ha yes!
Ding Ding...Gametime
How much time do you spend on Twitter a day? What about Facebook?
I'm tired of everyone in this fucking house
One small mistake can turn into a world of problems.
Emcees near and far: email your tracks to THe Pulse is where Hip Hop lives
“: my dude happy birthday!” thanks brotha!
welp I'm splatter pairing stuff to procrastinate...
Soy el only true Luchador!
#AvengersAssemble tonight sat #bjj southern open and sun #kayomma watford good luck to all our #combatcompanyrichmond warriors
that sucks. My daycare provider is awesome. I can give you her info if you need it.
From a client on friday. "Thank You. It was our pleasure. This was such a great experience. Can't wait to see the final products."
your network is your filter -Don Tapscott
Finished speedy 10mi Anacostia run, listening to on biz dev. Now scrambling to brunch 4 dose of lgbt politics
“: I don't know what you are talking about lol” Me either!! Haha
Wrecking crew....think about it
Thank you to the great people for protecting my identity! ♥
To clarify: it's very well done, and the political reality it describes is incredibly depressing.
Wow what a day... so I sit down to paint but realize my dog has way to many fleas (one is to many) but anyway I look up how to kill...
Man I love wheels.
retweet I wanna see some action...
Derek Bailey's bk (quite old now) has chpt on Baroque/classical improv. He also did a TV series, interview R. Levin.
it's not the way it has to go, it's just what I prefer
I smell roses ...
Thanks for the RT! Rock Chalk!
#Forever Living Products get results!!!
thank you sir
Usher, Kelly Clarkson, Linkin Park and Nelly Furtardo have all joined the list of previously announced performers at this year's Billboar
Lunch with 3 awesome creative friends who push cross platform #mobile design development to the limit: , ,
Have fun!
Its Friday oh yeah its going down
Hope had a good show sorry I couldn't b there boo
did it
I found out that your a liar
saw a woman wearing a dress today. i wasn't the only one noticing. felt like it was 1959. nice. thanks, miss!
i dont know when to use the# ? Ps that was funny
yes it is :) follow
It's not the key, it's the doorway.
Yo really got me dying over here with her tweets.
dangit!! I keep missing your show. What...a-the shit.
ahh, that makes sense, haha. Nice!!
dam... i was about to ask you too. Thanks for staying one step ahead RT 11-3 today, not bad if u ask me
Speak up, fans! ---> RT : What's. Your favorite cheddar & one more which one is good to bake with?
RT : "Change is sometimes controversial." - Anthony Marx, President of the New York Public Library
looks fantastic. Consider a solid in the main content area bg.
naw u put a hex on my charger
A lot of cats think you can skips steps or say they believe in something although there scared to invest in there own idea, dream or skill
Thank you for including us! ^TM
spelled problems wrong you whore
Taste and Tweet in Chicago inside the Loop. Have friends in the City who tweet? They can apply to taste at TasteTweet.com
Great time working with folks at the div. of vocational rehab of WA. They're doing great work for people! I'm glad I can help in a small way
Not even close, not even a little bit, not even at all.
When is it it???
lucky ass u need to call me
ah really? I wanted to see that one. What's so bad about it?
I don't sell dreams, I love all these betches
Fuk pony productions!!! HANGOUT STREET TEAM KNOWS HOW TO THROW THE PARTYS
did you know your the Swagmaster from Doncaster cause your fablouis!
RT : Find someone who can change your life not your relationship status
haha I know
note! RT : Don't forget - HALF PRICE PIZZAS on Mondays in Clarendon when you dine in!
Just realized how sorry the bobcats are this year. They definitely should get the #1 pick in the draft
we love to hear this! thanks for the support!
Yup Man! Let's go MAVS! Here we go! Merry Christmas Bro :-)
I want to be crafty. Where is when I want a trip to
love the prelim sketch.
not my fault. Wont let me see how bad your belly is :P
Prototype near completion, anyone with an iPad want to be an "Alpha" user?
that looks great! I wonder how the coffee tastes with it.
Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Presidential Candidate live at Tea Party Debate in Tampa, Florida stay tuned
Kind of humorous how on some days I feel amazing and the very next day I'm feel like crap. Maybe it's the tide. Do you get like that?
Phils drop the 1st game of the series to the Cubs 5-1. Doc gets his 2nd loss on the season. Joe Blanton takes the mound tomorrow.
Come see us play downtown tomorrow for free! 6:45 in front of momma g's on broadway. holler.
I missed your SXSW talk Building a Digital Agency: Dream to Reality - do you have it available on Slide Share or anywhere else? thnx!
Life, stop being so difficult.
A real OG blasting straight outta Compton
Tell all of my niggas that the sky is the limit.
hell yea bro u already kno
glad you liked it! It is an install of all new ceramic and paper works by Arlene.
Put stanford on tht list of colleges-.-
because I don't have as many relationship problems as you
Jeez. Is it really 3 am? Gawd.
last time this happened it was on CNBC
Lol That nigga nasty. He almost ruined the Hawks dreams just now.
OMG..My mother is making my mad>:\
And I am home! Glad I didn't drive today!
I'm sure he paid the contractual consequences. Bo Ryan moved his way through the University of Wisconsin system with dignity.
I don't know.... The song rubs me the wrong way. That's me.
Once again HAPPY BIRTHDAY baby doll (:
"If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade." - Tom Peters.
Pacific Beach Surf Report 2-3 ft + knee to chest high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
Alas...I almost feel special! :P
Dan, My understanding is that it romanticizes the Playboy franchise.
RT : So tired during school but never at this time! Why..
This rain is getting stupid.
I do like the foil emboss having a soft spot for package design. I nearly busted out in mad laughter when I saw the program.
Eating raw cookie dough & watching Teen Mom .
Looking to find a way in the memphis filmmaking scene...
And I keep running in circles :)
it's a song ! Lol
Happy Birthday Coach!!!
told me you could give #REBarCampWI a shout out www.Facebook.com/REBarCampWI I hear you hail from Racine
congratulations on your engagement!
Hi excited to find you on here. What classes do you teach?
Herman Cain on The View today at 11am. Interesting what Whoppi will have to comment. Demi Moore is on as well.
Oh, noesssss. We got some Gloadssssss.
Not to mention SELFISH & GREEDY as in GOP
Thank you Lord for double stuffed Oreo's.
Baking cookies, drinking beer, listening to good music. I defy you to have a better Monday.
So over the Paranormal Activity movies, They are kind of scary but not really. They are boring as hell.
people telling you, you smell good
Too many errors to report. Check the forum posts by Alex. We hold you guys to a much higher standard. Thanks again for listening.
I think that was a double slam in yo face if I read that right.
if you have an emergency call 800-685-4074. You will get through to a person after going through the automatic prompts.
USA USA USA
thanks!!! From what I have seen so far, it's turned out so good!!! U did great!!
I created alot of 3D models when making the art for Russ Aimz.
Welcome to Twitter Damien! :) @
Cal Ripken made his debut as a #Baltimore Oriole today in 1981.
people annoy so much
camera cat
oh im SO there for you bacho! ahaha ;)
space jams
Imagining the time in this city when soggy bums still lit up the garbage cans
HAAPY NEW YEAR♥ BEST WISHES FOR YOU ahahaha♥ I Love U :D
Great 2 B back! Come join me this morn South Bay 4 a double whammy 4 the candy!!
Peak Performance announces the recruitment of Henrik Bunge as the new CEO.
so who has romantic dining suggestions for valentine's day? houston based - and no franchises, please.
LMFAO I couldn't help it and the funny thing is that she loves me lol
thank you
As a grown adult you should know better than to EVER be left alone w/ a box of Samoas.
Do It ...For Some Odd Reason The Leopard Goes With That Bright Light Sky Blue Lol
they're not?
Day 2 of #MCC2012 at the Andaz Hotel. We begin the day with a Rum tasting before #pigandpunch 2012!
Herman Cain told Barbara Walters that if we elect a Republican President, he would like to serve as Sectary of Defense. What do you think?
(c) Society should start judging people on their personalities & the good or bad they do in the world, not their weight.
It's great! Beyond amazing to work with this team. Hope everything is going well for you, too!
Erotic Photo Hunt is a great way to meet new people! #thoseboobsdon'tmatch
Fuck I gotta go school.
holy cow, i cannot breathe
glad your having fun miss you!!
RT: FOLLOW The crew: and
Sheriff: Alcohol considered a factor in 1-car, 3-passenger crash in Luxemburg today. All passengers were in early 20s, 1 taken to hospital.
Nothing but the funny on tap at tonight! Thunderlips & the Submissives! Improv Comedy 9pm $5 We got your funny Cleveland!
I'm such a Grey's Anatomy whore 
LT ends at 10 pm. Tiptoe quietly away and come again next month!
Yes and can provide rides as well!
The division created by President Obama's stand on gay marriage is very deep and I don't think it is going away soon.
I just got off the phone again with your customer service. They will not help me or escalate the issue further I need help
Me too
How am I not?!
the straight up actual Twitter for iPhone, that's wuzzup. Probs not going to thon :(
It's time to vote for your favs at Abqthemag.com for Best in the City. Don't forget Cake Fetish as best cupcake!!!!
Blue Martini!! Yippie!
How many people's weekend starts today??
Jobs wanted to solve problems, didn't rely on data. #ideaseconomy Data alone doesn't unearth problems...
,yes i prey to her all the time :)
#Tip: A #medical evacuation back to the U.S. could cost more than $50,000 if you aren't insured. Ask your insurer if you’re covered!
are we good now? <3 c':
I know right?! Lol
What does it mean when someone tells you they are "frightening in love with you?" ::eyebrow raised::
Still looking for Holiday gifts? Come to #TabandehDC ! For every $100 spent, get a $20 gift card for your next purchase!
the hell you would!!!!!
Are we here to improve transportation or to buy AFLAC products? Clearly management is more interested in the latter.
Karmas a bitch and she's comin straight for u....
"To stop advertisement for the sake of money saving is just like stoping a watch for the sake of time saving."
Happy Cinco de Mayo Day.... Knit something festive
for sure what u doin for school?
lame. I'm always looking to meet twitter people.
nice dude! Glad its going good. And I left ctc dude, but I have another band lined up so we will see how that goes haha
Done with substantive lectures for the semester. Looking forward to the #seis752 project presentations next week. Should be good!
#FedExForum #Downtown #Memphis Lets Go #MissionImpossible Go
Gotta get ready for photo shoot tonite ;-)
GUESS WHAT MY DAD GOT ME!!!!! A fucking helicopter with a pilot!!! It's only for me. Oh my God! This is awesome!
Roger Mason back in the house at shootaround. Hopefully he doesn't feel too at home tonight.
Hmm interesting.. How would you do that?
My nephew Ryley now has a driving permit. O.M.G....
Hates When Everyone In Your Contacts Is Sleep..
learning about adaptive expertise with at #NAISAC12. Analogy, Chopped tv show, unknown basket, still perform high level
Been in bed sick all day now I can't sleep at least soUth park is on
If you're a member of Genx or GenY, Train's new song "This'll Be My Year" reads like a chronology of life. Download it, trust me.
New job, here I come!
How the hell was Cinderella the only woman with that shoe size in the entire kingdom? Hmm
So the card is near the airport with the Jetblue terminal.
im boutta get a attitude, smh.
“: "May the saddest day of ur future b no worse than the happiest day of your past." Anonymous Irish Saying Happy St.Patty's Day <3”
My Biggest fear is losing my mom♥
Josh Hamilton of Texas Rangers still using bat from four-homer game Texas Rangers slugger Josh Hamilton is still taking swings wit
Nobody in the business is better at trading stock options. We are the best in the business. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Mama is at home sick in bed today. See you on the road tomorrow.
Im so tired of watching her suffer! Im tired of seeing her in pain! Go....you're almost in a better place!!! <|3
Stupid Republicans...
And the manager at Cafe Belga didn't even offer to make them move or anything. Just told us to wait another 30 mins for the next table.
Nice!! Can't wait to get something booked in there!
John Ruskin: The imagination is never governed, it is always the ruling and divine power.
Thanks man! Why didn't you come over and say hey?
You have 283 followers Here’s more about them.
You cannot always control the opportunities, but you can control the readiness. Practice and you'll be ready!
lol! I do love her though. Nostalgic.
hmmp , still thinking .. isususot sa united nation .. ms. latin american .. help ..
You all everybody!!!
I discovered recently that is awesome! I am glad I waited until it existed to go back to school.
What I've heard is that it's broken. And no one on either side plans to fix it. So all we can do is update status.
ok, do celebrities really twitter? I think not
Thanks for the RT!
Cloris! We love you! Come see a show at #stage773 while you're in town!
been there before, not fun! hope you can get to sleep soon!
Will you look at THAT! On the left side of each of those pairs are your older normal mice
that's not a mascot, that's my child (snivel, snivel)
Got on Twitter only to find out that way too many people are tweeting about #thevoice. Getting right back off. Gnite! :)
Hope the weekend went well! Like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand your users. Follow me to DM?
Feeding my son a second breakfast of beef jerky.
wish I had a rooftop garden
“The greatest discovery of any generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitude.”—William James
This rice tastes like shit...worst one I had in a while.
We're just about 3 weeks away from early voting. Get ready to Write #Fenty In!
st. Rose
cant really with that route - with it being so close to sideline - just need to make sure u can trigger the animation
Many thanks Michael.
YOU LIKE MY BENCHES?
Oh yes!!RT : Bridesmaids is the funniest. Might have just snorted.
okay thanks
exponential. It's a word I dislike. Not sure why, I just do.
4 hour road trip no CDs/iPods just Neil diamond on the radio. Fun times
Yes!!!! RT : Larry Scott won't confirm reports, but MGM Grand reps are at Staples planning for Pac-12 Tournament next year.
i wish i could get some one to talk to or more followers lol
I'm sorry I am going to miss the event. Have a great one!
thanks for the follow, loved your recent article on Autism!
Reading a great Book #TwitterWorks Restaurant 2.0 Edition
Cynthia Gordy of joins for the journalist panel on #WashingtonWatch Sunday at 11 am ET/PT
Wow, reading last nights tweets is a good indicator of when it all went wrong :( I should have stopped after I hit on those teachers
It could be, in 15 years Community doesn't hold up. But as someone who speaks in pop culture references often, I relate.
I wish I was John Mayer's penis.
I just sent you a creepy video MUAHAHAA
Are you actually up this early? Oh lordy.
Crazy weekend... taking it easy tonight.....maybe
RT : Favorites of #e2conf: #doubledutch Will explain why later this week!
my revenge slasher pic: Bitter Torrent: Free films never hurt so bad!
oh, and another thing... NO we will not kidnap your alcoholic grandmother who wants a drink, when theres nothing wrong with her!!!
I cant do it anymore..im sorry but im done..bye </3
yes its my own recipe ! i got a bunch :)
... going to Culver's on 2500 W.Ogden Ave, Downers Grove for their classic car cruise night tonight from 5pm ... see you there!
Im in Dallas LA hear I come
and we need to hang out soon and catch up on life
Get ready for spooky economy 2010.
Listen to the Angels shout! - It is finished He has done it Life conquered death. Jesus Christ has won it!
I thought I outgrew "Crap, I could really use that book I have in [building I can't currently access]" when I graduated. False.
I just got another idea for a video blog entry. I think I'm going to post about some of the different fruits in Colombia, there are so many.
Getting really nervous about the outcome of the Clippers-Grizzlies game. Let's Go Memphis!
I think it was probably the realization that I don't need to fear talking about money. That and how confident is.
& I love Soy la del rincon & Roberta! ; )
#Follow some good friends/mine
The hardware store has canning supplies for all you home gardeners.
Ok I am totally free tomorrow for the Final, TNN? Life has been crazy busy as of late.
This kid is seriously taking the elevator up one floor?
How do CORAL users input license terms and text? Do users share license data across institutions?
Now to add to the Yankee misery Jesus montero goes yard and the Yankee announcers are tryin to justify the trade
Getting my suit ready for the Detroit Music Awards
#FF thanks for support!
I’ve never eaten a pumpkin seed…
Proud of my first German Chocolate layer cake. It might look like a volcano that erupted but it's pretty delish haha
haha you think ? It was toasty out there!
I'd really like it if this paper would just write itself...ugh.
Just got schooled on exergy when I asked about the Sci Mus MN's carbon footprint. And luv'd it.
Contemplating whether to sleep or not... Maybe I'll watch a couple old episodes of The Office and head to bed...
sorry everyone who i haven't answered back. don't quite have the hang of twitter yet :) #Bananas!
are you quoting Dumb and Dumber??
Sux about DRose. One of the VERY few NBA players I like.
You have to put in many, many tiny efforts that nobody sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile. ~ Brian Tracy
So for a motion of reassurance I allow her to gain self control
Liked your comment re perceived resistors and group of resistors. Interested in reading the book now.
in front, we have a new little patio thanks to the new parking lot.
Ok Gladiators time for
that's great! It'll happen:)
Morning TwitterTweeps! 3 exams today starting at 8am! Bring it!
#survey: Do you use a #mobile device? iOS, Android or something else?
I'm seriously debating making a run for it...
Good advice comed from bad experience.
Been Busy Family Girl Vacations And School I Hope My Sister Can Forgive Me
I am t India and beech heading into downtown.
When you realize that it is super late & past your bedtime.
OH THE HUMANITY
text me gorgeous, i cant answer right now.
Done with SRI.
whatever. I gave a shout out to
Don't miss our book signing + wine reception for Sodhi & Tang, Managing Supply Chain Risk at #POMS2012 today at 3pm in the exhibit hall!
Why is my body temp so hot? ._.
Almost all girls on fb have the same pics .. time for something new .
that's good
Just dreamed up a new ad campaign for 101 Creative. I'm looking forward to designing it across web, print and video. Should be lots of fun!
Nigga shut up u watch his shows ": yeah but it still has tyler perry in it which makes the movie lose credit"
Has The Best Music
I make Jordan's & Heels happen.
there's a Smokie the bear plush hanging in there tonight.
Happy Mother's Day from your Friends at Zuma Fun Center North!
Cheering for VCU is a stressful activity.
you'll want a car service over a cab -- the cab will be very pricey. Where are you staying?
Thanks for the RT. Hope to meet you at the expo!
Okay, it was just us then. It wasnt even going to FB. Thanks for the link.
thanks for the RT; we hope y'all have had a great start to your week!
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil they start broadcasting your story on Americas Most Wanted.
Successfully configured VPN and remote desktop connection on ipad.
Happy Friday to you, too!
That moment in a movie when the person puts someones stuff on fire,and then walks away like their bad!
Lobster killer
lol. Did you spend like $20 there?
I missed todays blog tv ); I'm sad.
Good evening all. Thank you for following me:
Missing someone is a part of loving them, if you're never apart then you'll never know how strong your love really is.
- Central Park and the West Side were packed with Multisport athletes today! What a great Saturday!
What you doing sexy??
#liber2011 Costs of digitizing the mss? At BSB 200 images/day on average depending on the ms.
Don't forget to pick up books on blogging from your public library!
Anyone going to the mini tour? Yes? No? Maybe?
Bed time! All the cool kids are doing it :) Good night
Wonderful! Can't wait to discuss it at The Tri State Conference!
thnx & np! I just learned about the org from a friend & knew the least I could do was share my story.
XD Proof that I'd go to extremes for that man! ;p
...and at some point I decided I wasn't any good and quit trying. Still kind of regret that.
yea but HULK is so strong he can practically fly from just leg strength alone!
Dim the lights , cause our love will shine so bright
thanks so much for the follow
Great Rental on Beautiful Block!!! Check it out!!!
Floyd Mayweather to fight Miguel Cotto! Floyd runs from Manny once again...I'm getting to the "I don't care anymore" status.
let's aim for Friday
Tumblr is so much easier on my phone.
2 RULES OF LIFE: 1) never regret 2) never look back
Thanks for the follow George.
Ha! Awesome thanks Nicole, I will check this article out :)
The Untouchable MMG >>>>>
Seriously? In that case, all things being equal, I'd rather hit the night game Fri, then day game/#Song1 Sunday . . .
4G is the fastest internet connection that is currently available
you will prob have to youtube it. its one of their bonus tracks
please tell me that's fake
I have followed you for almost 1.5 years I believe. yet with one tweet I quit 3 pound liberal, I got your 3 pounds in my pants
RT : just added Engage121 to their "2012 Cool Vendors in Customer Service and Support." HUGE honor!
don't tell anyone... Patti Smith is in our office right now.
Lmao RT : out of everyone who listens 2 boosie who has actually killed someone lol
i should be doing the same thing lol
#Kids are excited about #birthday party for my nephews today
Thanks for the Retweet David! Like us on Facebook for a chance to win free incense weekly!
thanks for coming out you guys! food was awesome!!!
#BeastMode never sleeps #runningcureseverything I just finished a 7.33 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Visit CA Ford Dealers at the World Ag Expo in Tulare today through Thursday at booths O33 & O35!
PickUpLine: Whip it out and show me what you got, I want to make sure I'm not disappointed later.
FREE fun & giveaways for the whole family tomorrow starting at 11am!
Glad to have ACY, NASW, Md States Atty Assn in support of MD SB's to add a penalty to the failure to
Spamming Vinny on my birthday.
WFC Presents "Women as Leaders in our Community: Getting There, Staying There, and Effecting Change." Tomorrow, May 18th 11:30 am H1210-1250
I Havent Tlked To You Since Then.. & I Feel Like I Cnt Do This ..
My mom just sent me a text that said "Save a horse, ride a pony ;)" ohmy! i love her :P
i dunno about panels,but The Bellmen will knock your socks off.
Getting ready to start my 5K this am. Beautiful morning for a run!
Wow I guess I really do like you, oh well. I've got no chance
completely missed troll opportunity, I was expecting something funnier than Go Cubs Go...haha
Oh, if only I had a bullet bra. Lol
Sneaking suspicion the tribute to daddies @ this kindergarten chorus recital is actually a missing bonus track from Jesus Christ Superstar.
Fuck getting ready for school.
Attended the Drucker Business Forum event at KPCC yesterday to hear Gary Vaynerchuk speak about his book The Thank You Economy. Good insight
"My angel, my all, my very self - Only a few words today and at that with pencil (with yours)..." :)
So glad to hear it! cc/
Where are all the Tebow haters now? Please don't shy away like "Cowards" including you Mr. Elway, come out, come out where ever you are...
Help show your #Redskins #httr Support! www.facebook.com/redskinfans
We will be announcing very exciting news this saturday. We love you all!
amen. btw that hashtag rules. and I think you're my twitter doppleganger based on your name.
Serrioouslllyyyy “: I don't understand how I can care this much when you don't care at all.”
Looking for a #Sales Rep in #Powell for Recreation Outlet! Email me at
My number one pet peeve in fanfic? Constantly shifting perspectives. Pick a character already!
I wanna see you kill anything with this!
Lack of will power has caused more failure than lack of intelligence or ability. ~ Flower A. Newhouse
hell nah
BEAUTY AND THE BEAST IS ON ABC FAMILY - enough said.
Call now and you could talk with UK’s Wall, Patterson or others – Hoops for Haiti telethon 859-299-5455
So much to do; not enough time
Happy!!! So nice outside.
I'm only going cause I updated my iPod :D
Very cool! I enjoyed the cultural geography aspects.
Look for us at #OAH2012 and #SAA2012 for a chance to win a free new book about old stuff!
Speaking on transcending stereotypes, celebrating #diversity @ Franczek Radelet for the Black History Month Luncheon Celebration 2day at 1PM
NCAA Championship game tonight!!! Come in for 50cent wings and Hospitality night!!!
Hi! I am Samantha! Im on the show Samantha's Life for optimum TV's! Please watch!
Yovanni, the headcase, is back. How did I know that was going to happen?
To the 'ship!
FREE SAMPLES BETWEEN 12NOON AND 1PM TODAY BY THE WATERMILL NEXT TO HE CAR WASH. SWEET POTATOE PIE! LOOK 4 DA CUTE GUY HOLDIN DA PIE!
why can't i be a red bull athlete
Talk to me
argggh. Next week then, we ride.
It's all good
Heading to the rents so unfortunately I can't cook for you today :( But it'll be up and running again late tonight and tomorrow at 3:30!
Yay! Thank you to all my followers for spreading my name and getting me 103 followers!(:
RT : The Fourth is strong with this month.
You can read a book almost anywhere! That's so cool.
If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse. ~Jim Rohn
I love the song dig down deeper
I've been dong it for 8 months! lol
Frank called wanting help with his computer
Nobody let me mention to my eccentric aunt that we're trying to get a tv show on air at our #SuperBowl party. She'll run with it. -Allen
We should do that again sometime or better yet- go see an actual show.
I'm so jealous!!!
RT : One last time for tonight's lightning round: Your favorite actor-turned-director?
#FF the Real-Time #SocialMedia Rockstars Great Job Last Night!
ok add me Rilea_Mia
In Pub History/Civic Engagement session at #OAH2012, give a shout out to the work of in her compelling talk. . .
If anyone needs a website, online marketing plan, social media branding - please feel free to contact me 772-340-6069, I've got some amazin…
Check out more from Reko Rennie (artist of the pink kangaroos) at tonight's Kluge-Ruhe Aboriginal Art Collection opening!
"There is no such thing as rational or irrational action. All human action is aiming 2 satisfy some desire"
George Washington baseball can win the DPL (on a tie-breaker with East) with a win over Thomas Jefferson tonight.
I am a fan of Shaq and Hoops.
haha! Faith made crappy brownies! Mine are so better than hers!xD
I wonder if the radio station will play i would be so happy if they did(: <WeMissAustin!>
Glad #Archer is back on TV. Sploosh. Sploosh. Archer: Lana, I'm in love with you. Lana: You are also shit faced. Archer: I can be both.
thanks for the amazing day
I'd give my eye-teeth for a good comparative history of Euro & American U systems. (Not that anyone wants my eye teeth.) Any ideas?
Daycare said Calvin "did not have nice hands today." What the hell does that mean? Did he "Tune In Tokyo" some little girl or something?
Seven more days.
Thank you to everyone who attended our Gallery Night Opening yesterday. Be sure to stop by today for more jewelry, art and treats!
love your twitters! Feel the same as you. You are so right about cheap food that's so accessible. Need more vegan
i am having a great day !
Nothing like a headache in the middle of the night.
As it comes to a close, thanks to everyone who made today's Baked Appreciation day such a fantastic day! We love you all!
Anyone need tickets to The Red Wire and (Celtic Rock Stars) Flatfoot 56? Show is next Friday at the Gear!!! Let me know
- thank you!
#AskAriana Can you please give a shout out to Catherine Gonzalez :)
who u cheering for in the super bowl? NE or NY?
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 40
Getting ready to shoot my next music video for my newest single "I Wish" in Kentucky really soon. Can't wait for everyone to whats next.
Happy Monday! Hope everyone enjoyed a relaxing weekend!
I think we are in the same boat... email some of ur music to me so i can check it out
"Dirty sons a bitch! That fuck Joey!"
OMG VAMPIRE DIARIES IVE BEEN WAITING TOO LONG FOR THIS SJFBSLHRBG <3333
I think it's so cute how my brother smiles at his phone when he texts his girl ❤
Breakfast of champions
Night with my boy ! Woohoo!!
Safe travels!
Amazing job by all involved with season 4 finale. A few tears, some holding of breath & genius performance by !
I never really look for anything. What God throws my way comes. I wake up in the morning and whichever way God turns my feet, I go.
honey, only death can pay for life....
Went out for a run at the beach. RT if you #run at the
What's the best mix of traffic for strong organic growth? 1/3 referral, direct, search? I think more referral is better. Opinion?
We are now part of the DEMCO family of companies! Find out more at evancedsolutions.com
“: That awkward moment when you realize #JesusSaidNoToYOLO.” I came up with this before anyone
Okay, so this bitch right yurrr is so fucking happy XD
“: Dats how it should be. ! A nigga should appreciate dat 100 percent !”
Good point- #BBQ could work for July #LetsLunch too
Tonight The will be at Wynwood Art Walk. 210 nw 22nd lane.
Happy Earth Day! What are you going to do today to make a difference?
Sorry. Was raging over Diablo I issues... also I don't have amazing powers of observation... so.... Congrats?
very possible. I don't watch enough college football to say either way. Just going off what I've been hearing
"One direction and Justin Bieber are gay!" BITCH, their straighter than the pole your mom dances on!
Yeah sure sure ;)
I didn't need you in my life anyways.
. Saints might be considering him for interim head coach.
Thanks for the follow.
#Tip: Find David Beckham and bring him to me.
1st of the month = time to look at web stats
Look, I understand arguments for Gerrard, but he's injured more than he's healthy & can't be considered a true regular any longer
me: "good morning." 1st grader: *blank stare & turns to friend* "sub." it's gonna be a good day :)
I'M FEELING SKINNY TONY !
Do tell...
your concert was amazing <3 you made it the best valentines day ive ever had :)
": im my biggest fan! Besides nesia"
“: Best way to send online articles to reading offline on iPad? Thoughts?”-- According to the masses, Instapaper wins!
Rainbow monkey ugly ass shit
And why don't you go to my school again? Lol.
Live your life today and forget the unpleasant things that had happened in the past.
Our website is getting ready to launch in beta testing mode. If you'd like an invite let us know!
Thank you! Thats a blessing! I am totally with that! Let do it!
a likely story. :-)
commonwealth's team, race, and coach!
Warm blanket out the dryer >>
LOOK @ THIS TWEET YOU KNOW YOU WANT TO (; FOLLOW ME,
Good morning. Twitter
My question is how often does this person run? Is it you-haha? If so, I'd like to know how often, distance and time.
RT : Good social networkers are both business-oriented and personal.
haha it never gets old!!
I shave and use Certain Dri antiperspirant. Works wonders, never had another problem since then.
Things I didn't expect to acquire today: directions to create the Supreme Court building out of cardboard. Useful .. ?
If cloud vendor can mine your data it may up end the representations you make publicly in your privacy policy
It is 6:30 on the East Coast and still alive ! Florida is checking in ok.
Best way to start your day, blasting Chronic 2001 on your commute to work.
I be off at 8:30 and ain't nobody wanna hang out with Trifling.
the payoff is well worth it.
P!NK def did it loud in NYC on Monday!!! amazin kick ass performance!
I love and small world.
Come to Paddy's and have a drink with me! :)
I miss the Texas thunderstorms! :(
I am not a 'writing snob.' I believe everyone can write; it takes practice to improve. Pick 1 day a week and write just 1 page of words.
Hey there, (conradfly), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
campaign contributions
Limbaugh sys 'feminism' created 4 'unattractive' women to hve easier access to mainstream society. Proud 2B 'unattractive'!!
Thanks. Yeah, it is the actual one used in filming. Or at least one of them. Prop department labeled the box.
GOODMORNING aww...I woke up to my #300 follower thanks :)
ACRL President: "Our library future is a little like a dime bag"
You don't want to hear my beef trust me :) : WHAT YO BEEF IS? 850.863.9210”
Outrageously processed food probably demands outrageously processed wine. Barefoot or Yellow Tail seem right. Or Listerine.
if u didn't know about the NBA CATS look under who I follow or search for it! Pretty sweet! :)
On my way to the conference!
my b-day, my wife's and two kids are all within the two weeks after x-mas.. nice to start the new year off broke
Who here has walked away from a blog? What made you do it? Did you go back? Why?
Now I'm going to have to check the mirror next time I put one on.
