Emo hair everywhere today. China town has be taken over by a army of fall out boys!
Why is it always so god awful HOT on the bus?!
Where are you guys planning to watch #MNF? Stop by your nearest #bartab bar for $1 drinks! A fun and cheap way to go out with friends!
Just got my hair and nails done!
Nails toes laundry and shopping. I should get out of bed.
lol it is fun saying slow especially tasting it over and over making sure it taste good...burp
Single most brilliant hashtag of the
Glad to help! Have a great time at the show!
WCK RECORD IS MY LABEL AND FLATOUT!ENT A.D.S AND A-1 ENT G.M.S IS MY TEAMS NOW WHAT LOL VIDEOS AND SHOWS COMING
Hey now, that's not just me. Cab rides add up real quick.
Places to go, money to see!
Whoever stole my granola bar off my desk at work is gonna DIE 2night!
Kareem, Worthy, Byron Scott, etc were better than Pippen and anyone else Jordan had.
Time to see which item in the vending machine is most breakfast-like.
Still laughing at changing her name to Muhammad x] This is why I love my bestfriend <3
“: One more of Bush's fuckups fixed.”
i love the song pray by justin bieber
this is savanna
me to.
Omg so um joe Jonas and cody Simpson get punk'd next thurs gunna b a good one
Hey, when are you here?
Every performance from Phillip sounds/looks the same. He needs to change it up.
i fucks with prince. when i was immature i thought he was suspect but shit even females cant pull off the moves he crunk in those heels
come on we leaven
do larger facilities improve health outcomes, patient well being, neighborhood development, or mortality/morbidity rates?
: thanks, girl! Love you too. And so proud of you and all you're accomplishing!
When Vanna White got married, she and her husband exchanged vowels
#FF The Best Arizona Restaurant Resource!
If SCOTUS kills health care reform, it will be a political decision, not a constitutional one.
working on more
Actually what you said make a lot of sense for an ethnographer. I like the idea of catching video of people "in the moment".
Starbucks new dark cherry mocha is delicioso!
Ok whatever! CALL
I never seem to learn my lesson
I would argue that Jan Brewer probably got into an intense argument with Obama, not the other way around.
#ESHealthChat I don't think you should totally cut anything out but definitely cut way down on grains and carbs!
Finally watching Abduction!! Was not able to catch it at the theater so I got it yesterday on DVD. Pushing play. Excited!
going to clean
sounds good! :)
Seven Layer Dip for dinner.
What do you do when you get bored? I am so bored right now... give me ideas people
It's too damn hot...
We got some cool things coming soon...cool shows, cool music... :)
I wish I could retweet myself.
Heyy . Your Pretty no homo ! lmfaooooo
Enough running it on first down it's not working
I'm so excited. And I just can't hide it! for
Thanks baby I needed that *muah* ": Good luck with those exams to all the students! Study hard so u can party harder!"
You might feel worthless to one person, but you are priceless to another.
Thank you, they are my Pride & Joy! See you on the next one.
Was it worth it?
I can hearing people in Detroit screaming from my house
Me: "How'd they get off your feet?". Him: "I took them off" Me: "Why?" Him: "So I could bring them to you." I do love his honesty.
Uneeda Burger has gone from very good to amazing!
Good Morning! Be a blessing to someone else today... I am so tired but I'm not going to complain!
Thunderstorm and Oscars and no one to share it with. :(
a soft rain falls this morning. the green is so deep. . .simply beautiful.
two weeks from now i will be watching blink-182, the foo fighters, never shout never, and the maine.
Happy Birthday Arlo! RT Wishing Arlo a wonderful, joyful, loveful birthday today!
& Steve Wilson had a great, fun, 2 day rain, chilly weather tour. See y'all in a few.
we wanna see what your feet look like too!
Oh my god, lady. Looks like Anti-Superbowl is a huge success!
Too many couples think the language of love is clever banter & cute put downs. Build a reservoir and fill it with positive deserved praise.
Tough break for Narveson and #Brewers. Estrada has earned the #5 spot with good spot starts last year and this year.
If Ron Paul wins the White House, would that delegitimize the electoral process?
yes! I make my own toothpaste, etc. highly recommended.
Awesome! Thanks for reaching out and have fun with the codes.
I'll have to look and see if that story can be found anyplace other than the out of print book I have.
I had to stay up cus he fucking put his ass on my face and kept on hitting me with the remote control
I sincerely wish you good luck with whatever you do after ETF.
Feeling very carnivorous today. Grrr. Making a dry rub for tri-tip dinner later.
PJ Harvey - On Battleship Hill is definitely my jam for today.
There's always the real mature girl that moves her hand away while shaking hands after the game.
What is it re: Twitter that draws u so strongly 2 the social media platform? Any element in particular capture your attention?
#1ThingAboutMySelf I don't like many people. So its really hard to catch my attention.
Girl this show is straight comedy
Just returned from my campaign strategy meeting! Stay tuned for some big announcements and local appearances!
Very helpful e-marketing webinar by Marketing Sherpa. Wished I could have listened to the rest! Thanks for the great info!
Good collection of artwork on the walls and a clean bathroom
Watch for more + news on student attendance as LA City Public Safety Cmte meets Monday AM...keeping students in school not court!
good times!
BDSM, basketball and Greys..so that's how you feel tonight TL? Nigh nigh  I have nothing to contribute.
what's your favorite song of yours?
I could go for another big storm. I wouldn't mind falling asleep on the patio listening to it again. Very relaxing.
Awwh! ): Im pretty sure some Mahomies will record and upload it to YouTube though! (:
Why the fuck are you talking about me when I'm sitting right across from you?
how many he selling?
SolidFire Dave is going after hybrid solutions not all flash array
Then I realized that Walter's just plain crazy. So it works.
Omg!!! Actually tweeted back to me!!! I feel so loved & special :D lol hi ^_^
Can you follow me so I can DM you?
on what level? any artist or A list artists and what's it for?
Where's the info on the puzzle?
My office will always smell like a break room. Thanks to
This game is crazy
Fabulous time at TIE2011.. #TIE2012 My Digital citizenship presentation will be posted soon!
I had to turn it off. Watching Barcelona play keepaway was too exhausting. Can't imagine how Madrid feels running after them.
lol I was in my meetin wit Def Jam and Milwaukee ask me where u workin on my next cd cover...random, but I showed u love
no problem (:
Satori World Medical is working on new and exciting things - stay tuned for details!!!!
I miss old rap
Happy Birthday Day to me :)
RT When will restaurants stop giving us plates instead of little bowls to share the large bowl of queso with?
I just recorded something ridiculous!
Thanks! RT : 3 stories &amp; an argument on creative culture is my favorite 's
Really trying to remember why I don't live by a beach right now.....
I usually don't mind the pouring rain, except when I have to walk the dogs or change a flat tire.
I don't fully support #Kony2012, but part of me wants to participate in Cover the Night just to see how Danes do activism.
haha how so? Did you just get the EP recently?
Harry, she's the mother of dragons. Nuff said.
sounds good!!
Thanks for the shoutouts!
We need one of those. That was full of awesome.
let's go caps!! I have them going two rounds in my NHL bracket
yes, thank you Luke!": thk u! RT : RT : BIG THANKS to & for shooting with me.
Hear, Hear! I've seen a pick up in guests on my tours to La Jolla thanks to the cruise ships!
: Dear , you're beautiful yet so forgettable. Why?
#ifonlyicould go back to the way it used to be between me & #oomf ..
you should be recieving some any day now :) send us some business cards your way as well!
Specialised Employment for SAP and Oracle Employment ... - Careers
How about some Music on Monday? Well we have Memphis Music Monday with acts from around Memphis! Need I say more? 5/7 at 6:00pm Free
2 days ain't shit bitch sit down with ur big black ass
Damn,the word goes around fast when it comes to drama lol. Umm its a kinda a long story,direct message me.
you can follow him on Twitter. Handle: greatdismal
Is Mike Smith Billy's long-lost son?
Stable is one step back from success and one step before failing
they can kill of yang cause she's been bugging me, but not Derek. No. He's my god. I worship him and his hair.
we're headed ur way man
adding goat cheese and green onions to boxed mac and cheese, omfg
Can anyone even stick out their tongue like that?...I can't.
Watching the lion king in spanish 💜💜💜
Status is pimping
I need some Blessings today so if you are reading this, send a prayer out for your boy! Much love and God Bless!
Thanks! The next-best thing to being there
me too! sheesh.
what's your fav charity? Why don't we split the proceeds 50/50 and I'll make a donation in your name. :-)
good call Mel! hope your day went well young lady and you kept that thing positive! ;-)
Oh almost picked by Chung..
I don't understand Color (for Facebook). Help me?
Is #Memphis going to throw another #nbaplayoff game away vs the #clippers?!
Almost got kicked off the sled run for breaking the rules. Is that a win? Yes. Yes it is.
What does today's Word of the Day is "invigorate" mean? A) To Hate B) Consecrate C) Animate D) To Move E) Epitomize
LOL. You missed it because I've been laying low. Got roundly spanked for having contact with the buyer.
IRCTC to launch website for booking air tickets
I drink a boost for breakfast, and ensure for desert.
Sometimes I wish I was a hologram that can rap.
a brand new day!
and they are all inside? It is beautiful out but baking under sun not as great. >_<
Driving to LAX with Lot of traffic but I'm more worried about suffocating from his horrible farts. >_<
Thank you :)!
dang, College Humor is killing that category.
I've never seen that much stupidity in one person. Mind boggling...
I wake up in feel empty man
Thanks for following. Have a great week.
Great workout again! Back on the race track very soon!
Bacardi 8 sipping watching dis wack ass game. Where dem Wolverines at!!!!
Grabbing a beer with Da nny Carey from tool @ saint rocke!!!
Clean jewelry with ammonia & h2o. 1887 white house cookbook still valid. Get ready for fall events. Polish shoes too. Details count.
we borrowed it from a podium in the main baltimore sun conference room downstairs. gotta have a '70s mic!
Loving me is like chewing on pearls.
Happy birthday to the land of vagazzling and donut burgers
Lots and lots of #Orioles hats and shirts down at the #BGP2011. Representin!!!
Sigh. There will be a lot of tired folks at work tomorrow!
Heck no!
yeah? Well, just let's see her try! My daughter told ME that, too....hurtful, emotionally unprovoked comments...any answers ?
thanks for the tweet, that made my day! <3 I'll try to update as soon as I can and tweet you when I do! =)
Good deal - I'll be home from work after 5. Did you find all my links?
Yay! My banner is hung up 😃
our pleasure!
I still love pee wee's big adventure, but I never noticed until tonight that he's kind of a jerk.
Pay never call me you. Should feel loved Darion!!
Many in my family have served and sacrificed to defend America and our rights and freedoms. I revere them... (1/2)
congrats on graduation buddy.
Early egg-onion-cheese-tomato burrito for breakfast. Hunger and baby make an efficient cook of me.
Sleepy Tea I'ma be sleepin good tonight ;)
lolz I should have a chance to explain ,my permissions are taken over by someone that knows a lot more about green tech than me
So my new employee txts me and asks if we can start at 9a instead of 8a ON HIS FIRST DAY! Not gonna last I'm thinking.
Oh how much i love puking my guts out while im at the bowling alley...
I might weep. Someone get it to the trashbag archipelago!
BORDER TALK w special call in update by LESTER BEDFORD regarding Cohen Stadium contract for Chavez/Lee fight. Stream www.khro1150. Com
likewise! Hope you and the fam are well!
That is way more then 140 characters?
He will be fine.He can go out and get 30 a night but wont be surrounded with enough talent to win a title.
Don't do it. You've been warned.
If you're feeling a little off track, pray and ask God to recalculate your route.
love your quirky and original approach to branding discussed at #dbc2012. Here's to a great wine pour for tonight!
on my way to an apple appointment with a genius and wondering why the genius works at an apple store. then again, I work next door.
Darland and Windom scratch, we are green.
Just like dat!!👊
I sent my demo to Mau5trap and Anjunabeats... But I'm too pessimistic and I doubt they will ever listen lol D: I sent them my best track.
i mishu, can't you just come to texas and rant about gas prices??!
O lol cool I'm going to go get that app lol
yayy I can't wait to see what it is!
it kinda funny how has Halloween episode Evan though it not Halloween
no more school
As an ex-pitcher, I 100% agree... but I'm being a hypocrite b/c I've made arguments b4 going against this mentality. ( )
Pages of luscious romance that convert your neuro-transmissions into orgasms. "Python" stimulates all the senses.
beats like a death ray
damn bro, i didnt think u were that much older then me. lol
I might even have a glass of vodka and let a few new details slip.
Also, European Portuguese is gross.
Will you leave work on time today? Did you yesterday?
Student Center Basement
Happy Wednesday, Twitter!
how are my twitter hounds
Producing drum kit, timpani and other percussive sections before I figure out how to lay a french horn down in this bridge.
#witcher2 is a good game. Too bad the enhanced edition wont qualify for GOTY :-(
Thanks for the RT
awesome performance in 400 final!!! Congratulations!! Xx
How many players from Kentucky actually play on Kentucky's team? Just curious, since it's "hotbed" of basketball.
Saving lives is a rush
Loved seeing and at the Theta house! Seeing and would make it even better!
#WhenAustin tweets a fan to cheer up when they're feeling sad. ❤
Colin appreciated your great thoughts, all saved to my SAWboard :)
After 8 years with one phone number (through 4 jobs) I now have a new work number. Not that anyone usually calls it anyway. Need it? ping me
It's been a summer coming, but today was the day I logged TWO swats against Big Theo. Still haven't beat him to ten, but I've got a month.
Megan, I'd love to collaborate on telling another part of the story, through my np
I try to always be honest online. True fact.
man moe omg
#np Kayne and Jay Z- No church in the wild
CDs mailed last week... other "stuff" will be on it's way asap!
Always good to see and at Stop by after so I can buy your group a drink!
what's wrong with cody?
I need some chocolate in my life! I wish we're closer ;)
was here ;) I love my WISTER, she's growing up so fast!
Holly SH%$##$$@! AH! Ever been in the Right place at the right TIME?! I am! Come join me! :-D
Not sure how excited I am about season 4 of Community anymore now that Dan Harmon has been replaced..
suffered 18 fouls
Well, it's not to late for the Suns to tank for 13th. 12th isn't even out of the realm of possibility....
Thanks for the #FF! Right back at you.
Congratulations are in order for Winter and Wesley. Their wedding is today - "An Enchanted Garden"!
Come on #Seahawks!
Won my #softball game 14-10
That sounds awesome, aaawww... It's nice to belong to a family-like community who supports you and rooting for you.
Today I learned that two different friends have ailing sons. And I hold this little boy next to me, out of love and trepidation. दुःख
what will you be wearing when you deliver?
decided to give up coffee cold turkey. day 1 of the cleanse. be careful if you feel like approaching me
Thank you 's Doubles Poker Championship on for This Week In Poker
Also, the fact that I’m redesigning Everyday Type isn’t top secret, but my method is.
Had the best time at Expo this weekend! So many awesome new friends and comics to pore through.
Who loses their cellphone and be on the cellphone that they "lost" lol crazy
Life sucks when you have a good heart. You help too much. You trust too much. You give too much. And most importantly, you love too much.
going in for 4 period and no boces :D .. Scrubbing so hard, birds nest on my head, rocking
Making myself a delicious healthy lunch :)
yo why is so bad well follow them and give me the answer lol
listening skills, street smarts and follow up in reverse order
Vote for Effingham Hospital by visiting www.pinkglovedance.com. Click on “Watch the Contestant Videos". IRS for cancer prevention.
I got it and accepted-thanks!!!
waiting for you to follow me or tweet me, how about you?:)x
Terrorized him, ran him down shot him in his back, straddled his dead body and fror what??? Because you are a neighborhood watch VOLUNTEER -
Question - do in house departments monetize internal resources for comparison purposes with external counsel
i don't know but if he is related to Smokey Robinson then he is related to me! Smokey is my great Uncle
Lol! I'm sure we'll be getting into it when college football starts.~>BuckyUp
#baltz looking valuable for #terps, game looks a lot like 2006
it's the size of 9 MUS's
Still in recovery mode from Charlotte but mommy time wit son>>>watchin spiderman cartoons wit son
#rcdlc #EXERCISE #EXERCISE #EXERCISE Please share your location (state, street and town) with your tweet.
": Tity boi" one half of players circle, member of the DUFFLE BAG BOYS aka the 2...gun...gangsta
When abortions were illegal illegal abortions were done women died
Made it to IALLT ok, setup with wired connection in dorm, and should be able to connect wirelessly elsewhere. Now to prepare for tomorrow
economic security and stability is fundamental to a society that allows the maximum cultivation of humanity and preservation of life
Maggie Rector and John Pevy. Dr. Streete is the non-student recipient.
Hey when do you guys think you will start shipping your Klon clones? So stoked about that one
Quite readable! Thanks!
i followed!!
Sad day : While the museum remains open, Jane Addams' immigrant aid organization closes after more than a century...
Punk'd Come On Tonight !
I am calling it: #Super Bowl is on #CBS so the post Super Bowl will go to
Thanks! There were so many great things to share. See you all next year!
I'm half Asian. All white people are. But my Cauc part is bigger.
Well, he amazes me everyday, in a bad way, but to read ducey du?!? Really?!?
With its deft use of cover, spine, and word-filled pages, it's clear that no other book released in 2011 was more of a book than this book.
How does everybody keep finding me on this thing?-.-
what kind of music you do?
Why do the one direction guys look like they're 12?
they're cute, but I really want a shiba. just have to find one that won't scare the rest of the menagerie.
My kickball team, Jesse and The Kickers are undefeated! I even scored a run tonight!
Hi Audrey, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
#HillerHelps - In #ReconciliationLaw the crisis is a wake up call for self-reflection.
Check out ABC to see rocking some of our awesome Ugly Christmas Sweaters!
Welp RT : Edmonton Journal reports that Pittsburgh #Penguins Paul Martin is on the trade block
Straight up girl tell me do you really wanna love me forever? Uh- oh- uh, or is it just a hit and run?
SO EXCITED..SEE YOU TOMORROW!
would like to thank for new avatar look. Knicks-Hawks at 7:30 Ladies open bar 6-7 followed by 2 for 1s. Humptastic!
I am good thanks. And I will.
Don't worry about the money the money gone come...
We're updating alyoung.com. There may be some temporary stability issues during the update. We'll post new features when it's complete.
Be creative! The possibilities are endless when it comes to choosing the perfect sexy costume for yourself
Thought you had an awesome site reliability background. We are looking for 1 amazing eng. to join our CEO & build greatness
that would be great!!! We will try not to run to FL so much!
Still a foursquare holdout. Is it really worth jumping in to?
Quite a few comics artists seem to sketch fan art in their off time. Do writers dash off fanfic in their off time?
I got you when i can drink RT : cheers to that! Wheres my whiskey cup?????
interval training!
was so amazing...and adelita's way wow
If I could bring my shower on stage, I would win American Idol.
3 weeks without visiting Not sure how I will survive.
Congrats to Andrew Larkin '12 on bring home Gold for Team USA golf and Individual Silver at the Maccabi Pan America Games in Brazil!
yea so fun so much 2 tell u
what's the emoticon for eye rolling?
was hugh jackman really supposed to sing?
Gym flow
what up buddy?....the Avi....#Nice lol
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! can i get a HAPPY BIRTHDAY!??(: it would make it the best birthdayever!
Mexican Pres says no major damage or deaths so far from #earthquake #mexico city
see you there bro :)
Learning from your own mistakes is the biggest mistake you can make.Carefully observe the stupidity of others and learn from their instead.
Hope she feels better soon!
mean answer: I don't like you either. Nice answer: Aawww, I like you.
I wish I could do this day over again
Ditto! Should be a very fun day! #ImagineRIT cc:
that's my nigga
why so many messages said:Hey this user is saying very bad things about you..
5% off all garage door clicker sales today! Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 7924
Love you!!!
like seriously. 😠
I've never needed a foot massage so bad in my life. #workedadouble #volunteers?
I got a frog for a pet!
My son was aghast at all the weird words and spelling errors on my InDesign document. Guess I should explain Lorem Ipsum to him :-)
Thank you for showing me Revitalize tea 👍 exactly what I needed this morning
RT : Dedicated researchers in Boston studying deceased players' brains for evidence of trauma attempting to obtain Junior...
Bobby is going to be ok. He has arkansas football going in the right direction and he barely missed a BCS game. On the other hand..
loving my twitter feed right now...all about Josh Hamilton
Classes starting this Monday April 4th 9 week eve. and 3 1/2 week am! Go to www.tuckerschool.com for more info!
you were so right about
no. maybe if it was a pic of a kindle with a thousand books id be jelous ;-)
Every time I hear "Rock me Mama" I love Bob Dylan a little more.
I'm not speeding up for nobody. You don't put gas in my tank!
Backend, IE8+, we ignore everything lower. Public sales pages still have to be IE6+ though.
Being the only person on that stage was good prep for when you are a grown-up academic and have to lecture every week.
I wanna get inappropriate with a cutie
Goodnight twitter <3
Thank you for the follow ;)
“: Every time i get full i smoke then get hungry again. Then keep repeating. Fat”<<
supporting you with my votes and prayers! God's with you on this! keep showing your love for God to the world when you sing! :D
love you too!!💗
watched your video, it was so amazing. You are so strong, and your boy will be so blessed. God bless you! <3
How do u know what's for the best
for the hell of it?
you guys better come to Chicago,I want to sing along with you guys "incomplete and all alone".I can't get over this song.<3
I Beez In The Trap...
I like stuff!
Great meeting today with and
1-800-BAD-DRUG! Thanks to ESPNs commercials I have a list of lawyers in case I drop dead from one of hundred listed medicines...
RT : Designing and building some awesome stuff for this weekend! Who's going???
Instead of saying 'Thank You Glee Cast' we should say ' Thank You Terra' for doing such a great job on 's skunk hair :D
Only for Christopher Nolan will I drive 15 min out of my way to work. But I have prepared an invoice for gas. Next time send the batmobile.
lol well thank you :)
How's that Bmore Club history book coming along?
Crown Theater @ The Rio!
Ok ok i see u RT : NOTHING. LEAVING LA. BOUT TO COME HOME
I am so glad that rambling, incoherent batman tweet got picked up and retweeted by a batman twitter. Life goal.
It was great to finally meet you today! Thanks for helping actors chase their goals!
Gospel. RT : - "Wrestling Is Always Tits"
Clearly identify your bad or unproductive habits/ behaviors....then identify what productive habit could replace it.
RT : Study: 56% students nearing graduation wouldn't work for a company that blocked Facebook & Twitter ti.me/t5EYqO (via )
The Families Preparing a New Generation program starts tonight. Register for 2nd session by contacting Taloa Hood @ (602) 264-6768 ext. 2302
I like how babies always look drunk. Even after only one beer.
oh yeah...big, big girl decisions...,let's do this!
that was so funny, I beat she thought we were crazy
At and watching A great turnout of Milwaukeeans tonight! And what fine facial hair amongst the crowd, I might add.
We haven't talked in forever , text me !
Great fight for a legend #Sugar RT : Canelo w/ Unaminous decision! props to Shane for battling! might be time to let it go
Sweet! Twitter now let's you opt out from their system that tracks every site you visit that has a "tweet" button...
Na seriously u really gone get me one?
enjoy the show :)
Ah, just saw Belvo lost to clongowes in the leinster schools senior rugby 43-10 :(
there's a natl noodle day?? RT : NATIONAL NOODLE DAY CALLS FOR 89 CENT GARLIC NOODLES! (via )
Cool off with this deal at ruffinos www.CityCiao.com. Yummy food from
Almonds, olives, whiskey: antidote to latest round of <expletive deleted>
I just direct messaged you w/contact#
This 1st Q showed me that Philly wasn't gonna be a walk in the park. I dunno why people kept thinking this series would be so easy for BOS.
Kim Kardashian is your hero? I see you going far in life.
Good Morning my new followers and to many others a very happy Monday to you all.
RT imPRETTY_x - team with your man ' if he got alot of money then its team he payingg ..
dont smoke angel dust then
#funfact A three-hour ballet performance is roughly equivalent to two 90-minute soccer games back to back or running 18 miles.
. (and fuel to keep fighting, too).
i want a "mike" in my life! xx
he was an amazing racer, and will deeply be missed
Corporate education professionals recognize that they must measure the business impact of their efforts - which goes beyond ROI metrics.
thank y'all for hanging out during
Yes mama I did (:
UN Women staffer asks how to get women invited to peace negotiations when they're usually excluded.
There should be a contest on who can do the most tweets in 24 hours. The winner is declared "Head Twit" and gets a trip to sTWITzerland!
!!|-_~ WANT TO CELEBRATE YOUR BIRTHDAY SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
When I go to iHop , i be ordering everything .. when i don't eat that much
I'm pondering why you'd want to do a celebrity gossip tv show. It saddens me greatly.
Random thought but what do you think about if added vampires to the show? it'd be awesome but that's just me
Yes we would love to be a sponsor for this years event. Please let us know how we can be part of this event.
Everyone who works at a stripclub is an alcoholic. Unless of course you just got busted for DUI, then you take a break during probation.
dena is a shawty girls in
It's time to raise up new leaders who will truly serve the people.
Days like this....
thank you =)
Currently being lectured by a cab driver to take more vitamin c.
I am confident bike seat design involved genius. It just did not involve consideration of anatomy.
The Iphone God's are with me today!!! My phone is found and will be in my hands by 12pm!!! Rock it out!
Hope'n make that trip today. Missin shorty like crazy!
First you touch it then you ask if you could have it
So... B.F. Pinkerton is a #pedobear huh? Madama Butterfly is only 15.
I have a date tonight with my bed.... Were gonna sleep together.....
RT : Lunch: 54th & College, Tom Wood Ford - 96th & Keystone, at
You're doing great! Keep reading!
has been 5 months..I saw u got 2 ex-BFs! thats why I hate relationship status on FB!
hot damn! try any jd single barrel? good shiz
I am most definitely!!!!!!
Aldous Huxley said: There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. Coaching can help.
#20ThingsAboutMe I tend to ruin my own relationships.
Haha well that's good at least! Lol
Shenandoah Joe is playing the everybody GTFO channel. Really annoying.
Say it's so
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish, and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.
no prob, dude!
Hello! That was brilliant! Go #USA!
Getting ready to fly Cubs L flag!
Doh there goes my top 5 bracket finish; good play Kansas, good play
#jealous I am going to go to the crazy sock store and get the craziest sock ever they will blow your kittens out of the water
Currently watching Jeff Johnson's Non-Stop Traffic Formula. I'm sure he's a great guy but his sing-song delivery is really annoying.
yes. It is sad
I'm ready for some new ink as well!!
Your physique your persona
*walks out door with bag* buzzer goes off. *walks back in* "does anyone care? .......No." *walls back out* gotta love gay guys at the mall.
And gloomy weather apparently brings out vampire hunters. This dude is a dork.
yes but Melbourne is amazing!!
really think you could've picked a better picture for #throwbackthursday , dear.
Going with the flow 👌
I can out-curmudgeon anyone, even you Keith RT surprised I'm more optimistic than you. (surprised I'm more optimistic than anyone)
Who's Walking in the Epilepsy Walk in July, here in Milwaukee? We are!!! contact us for team shirts!!!!
I think most specialized communities are like that, online and off. Doesn't make it right.
I saw a fat lady with a "M.O.B." tattoo on her arm. I asked "Money over bitches?" She said "No, McDonalds over Burger King.
RT AMEX allowing users to sync Twitter w/ credit card accounts is just awesome. #Hashtags = Coupons. Yet another Twitter use
Just got done with an interview for the San Diego Reader. They are doing an article on us! Will be out soon, pick up a copy if your in SD!
no, just picking and choosing. I mean, women may take pics every day. I don't. Once a week max
Nope you really don't care about me no more.. You shady.. I see you back in the hood to??? How was the vacation??
Just saw the sunrise :) check my pics on FB
If I had Jimmy Neutrons brain, Timmy Turner's goldfish, and Phineas and Ferb's summer...my life would be amazing.
merry Christmas mama monster
My 7yo starts to get a little upset so I ask him what's wrong. He says "I'm sad someone shot Abraham Lincoln."
shut up you weren't there,
Back in RIC. A day to relax before back to real world tomorrow!
Shoot is done for today now it's time to hang out after a nap....
Good Morning Friends and Followers we hope you all have a great start to your weekends.... :)
Chillien with my babies, and these other people, haha. It's also thunderstorming!! (:
Interior/Exterior painting,drywall repairs and texturing, Door installation and mouldings plus much more. Call for an estimate 619-562-5848
So it looks like Friday i'm gonna be getting some new ink!! Finally!! #Tattoos =)
Worst day in a while
Ground control to Major Tom... Time to start thinking of ideas for halloween costumes I can bike in
there is nothing quite like the battle over thermostats in offices
I made the money at PCA 2011. PCA 2012 MAIN EVENT for sale. 50% SOLD! 1.14 markup if you want a piece. min $100 investment. See ya there.
Awesome - hope you get a lot of traction at - it's one of the best ideas I've seen this year.
#oomf tweets get on my damn nerves just because her twitcon ugly af. She ain't even that ugly in person, just her twitcon.
Dear little tiny girl next to me on this flight. How is it possible that you snore so loud? Is my grandpa in there?
#np Tyler the creator, her.
Huge breakfast! Muffin, egg McMuffin and a large smoothie. Nap time!
This probably sounds silly but we are only 37 followers away from hitting 1,000. #PDX #Followers #1,000
i really wish freshman year didn't have to end like this ..
bitch i go hard!!! hands down!!!
Just sent you an email. Hope you got it???
Everybody please wear pink tomorrow night at the BRCC men's and women's basketball games vs Meridian as we support Breast Cancer!! 6 & 8 pm
great event! We loved sponsoring Thank you.
I knowww they need to get here!
Sometimes I wish we were a beagle.
“: Huge S/O to anyone following their dreams (:x)”
whirlwind few days, vacation to london/paris for first time and now settling in Brighton just in time for midnight Super Bowl
Portland Trail Blazers' season opener against the 76ers is tonight at the Rose Garden. RIP CITY!
2 parties= go to the good one and steel food from the bad one ;)
I am not too sure. We are here now...
haha, I was sitting at the computer this morning for a half hour refreshing the page until 10. It wasnt an easy task
If you are a cinephile (especially of the horror genre and obscure gems) #FF my astute, movie-lovin' friend
PRP high school
Yup, me too.
I got this! I made it 12 blocks in 8 minutes. Woohoo. :)
Awesome! Sounds like you will be getting a lot done. Let us know if you need any help. We have a ton of scholarships available!
Loiter, brute?
the website is coming along, and you guys are going to like it. especially the FREE ALBUM
we can make it work!!!! We can bum
Thanks for the FB! hope your weekend is grand!
I am a fool to think I'm anything more than a clown
hi dolls!follow shes an awsome ARTIST!!!
We frolic in our summer skins.
People should really stop buying dogs and adopt them at the shelter, those animals don't have homes.
Before spring break trip-check your tires, change your oil, check all belts, check your brakes, fill all fluids, check lights--we do it all
Hey, I'm glad you're back! How are you feeling now a days?
50%off sushi selection is still going on. Come and enjoy them before the deal is gone.
I don't get this "My big fat American #GypsyWedding" show. So they're Eastern European rednecks, right?
You know it is a tough run when you hope for a bridge lift on both sides of your out & back run. Fortunately I got one today.
#np the fighter
What a horrible tragedy in the loss of Indy 500 driver Dan Wheldon in today's crash in Vegas
for sure :)
I'm pretty sure I was NOT talking to you? Your comments arent necessary.
I am, I am. It's all I can do not to cuddle the whole dang thing. <3
The Indianapolis Colts have told Andrew Luck they will make him the No. 1 overall selection in next week's NFL draft.
The staff at #YIMAE says a HUGE THANKS to our NEW followers! We appreciate the support! Please help us spread the word about RT!
I've been missing you lately, because you live so far away.
why the west coast is the best coast in three short words: toilet seat covers. (ladiezzz, you know what i mean.)
Beautiful sunny Sunday! Wonderful plans coming together today. . fun in the kitchen :-)
are you going to be at the brew crew game 2mw?
seriously.... #MUFC learn to kick a corner and cross the ball...
Couldn't ever imagine living in that kind of fear, but when it comes to protecting those you love, anything is possible.
You should be in that picture - for scale. Oh... you are?
We will be on Chicago radio 88.7FM tomorrow night between 7-9pm. Hear the debut EP and our first live radio interview! www.WLUW.org
Air quality data largely available on state & federal level. Need to make accessible for communities, individuals, to share power/decisions.
I dream problem solve or converse/present for work a lot - I think it's my way of trial running, and probably unconscious anxiety
Happy Thursday everyone! Any great plans in store for this weekend? Im really craving some right about now & its only 830am!
Hi Daren It's Me Julian
KY Sen Denise Harper Angel withdraws from her upcoming election!!
Congrats Ryan Newman! =]
MY FRIEND WHO HATES JUSTIN SAID SHE LIKES TURN TO YOU. THIS IS AMAZING. but i mean how can you not like it?(:
“: Chiefs agreed to terms with Peyton Hillis.”glad to see that beast gone from AFC North.
“: What a coincidence. I get to the hotel and the movie The Town is on. Wonder what part of Boston this was filmed in?” teehee hbo
At Common Grounds!
JEALOUSY IS THE UGLIEST TRAIT.
“Genius is childhood recovered at will.” #Rimbaud &
I'm looking at you now!
Check out my songs, videos, and follow me as im doing what i love to do! Its E-Kinz Get at me! Support And Subscribe!
Life Used To Be Perfect Just The Two Of Us.... Until You Drpped Off The Face Of The Earth
that's like saying, "They offer public embarrassment and shame!"
your so cool you can call your self in awkward moments now
I feel so deflated. Guess that's your decision after all.
I thought your backside hurt from the sandpaper condom he used?
oh poor baby! Do you have a touch of the Blues? LOL...that was to easy!
I followe. But, did he say it wsnt important or jus nt show up? That jus doesn't eem right. Like, was he boycotting? I like Axel
Follow me
you should so put as your avi! :D
How's that for specialized content!
I heard that #InElementarySchool was short fat and corrocho
Just when i think I'm over you you tell me you miss me and all my feelings for you flood back...
Smokin with my mom and sis 💨😝
Ozzy Osborne is the best front man in the history of rock
Amongst other things...
I lost my trust in you, now my world is full of darkness.
THANK YOU SO MUCH for the airdate!!! xo
decision analysis and computer modeling tonight. bring on the spreadsheets!
Ugh so bored!...
That's the impression that I've been getting. Going to do the best on all sections, but luckily strengths lie in writing/verbal
Looks like all our calendar updates...sorry about that! :-)
no, I'm king of the world!
What do you know about motocross??? Follow this guy to find out all about it
Deep in thought about challenges & choices. It's important to be 100 with & make sure that at the end of the day you can still smile.
you still haven't texted me yet!
Be the voice... Not the echo.
Would love to send you my book on end of life care.
Yes, we have power! #UMBC library is up and running and open until 10 p.m. tonight!
I guess that is why Paypal banned my account when I used them for adult entertainment ecommerce
Coffee is the ONLY thing getting me through this day!!
I think Torrey Pines South is the hardest golf course I've ever played day in and day out - Phil Mickelson
What movie(s) did you watch this weekend? I watched #Bridesmaids. ~BR
Just saw some guy pretending to be you, selling bootleg dvds of your special. Don't worry, I notified the proper authorities!
I only have 300 or so.. And I CARE!
Your just a fat drag queen, waiting to jump on the next dick that comes up!
Seriously SO green with envy! I hope to have what my parents have someday, it's so beautiful ☺😍💚
Sometimes we expect more from others because we would be willing to do that and much more for them.
So the new chrysler commercial is playing to a man's wish for his father's validation? That's not low.
I remember rocking british knights
Congratulations to The Prose-Fessor of Pain who took home the FFC World Title last night!
my favorite is USC because of the delicious Chicken Caprese Panini! M.
"I don't care if you think you have "swag". Just pull up your pants & walk faster."
Lol !! Don't kiss n tell
The mistakes I regret the most are the ones I have yet to make..
#MDSParentLectureSeries "there is no such thing as a self reliant kid without suffering"
Sup bro, how's it hanging
Very true! and same here
awwwwhhhh i miss you:(((
You know it! 6:00 - 9:00 PM! RT : Hey, is it dollar burger night at ???
Okay...get your ass kicked for 20 minutes but go to the locker room tied.
ARG: Furniture Buying Index Climbs to 73 The Furniture Buying Index rose another point this month to a reading of 73, taking the index ba
Position players pitching > pitchers batting
you're welcome.
Send me a message or give us a call, here to answer any question you may have: or 901-569-2525
U graduated from Harvard but apparently have not read the Constitution. Obamacare needs to be shot down. It is corrupt!!
#RejectedMittRomneySlogans One of my polo ponies is sick, the rich have problems too my friend
lol outchea and you don't be carin! Haha. How's the flats?!
Man, every time I get on here, I find out I've been hacked...they even changed my password...twice... persistent little buggers...
some people just dont change.
i literally dream about you.. And we hanging out and you was following me.. Please make my dream come true !
I agree, except the role of museum is to protect culture, not burn it !
Libraries moving away from title-by-title to database model
Saying Leesa is classy is like saying Ron Artest is about peace.
Blowing my mind that yesterday I had lasers cutting into my eyes and today I am photo editing like normal. Modern science = science fiction.
lol good luck
and drunk by 4. KA-BOOM!
#moralizing subtext: argue with me plz.
The irony of Jade () mocking () for being a vegan
u ready 2 go my show
Lindsey Lohan on glee? Huh?
Putting a build together for Microsoft, id and QA... Testing, 1-2-3!
THANKS FOR THE ff
You can't just ask people for money when you fund a company. Who knew? (heehee)
“: Glad to be moving out...I think there's a poltergeist of some sort living here. Not cool.” poltergeists are discouraged.
Coming to Los Angeles anytime soon?
Situations reveal who we are, they don't create who we are.
No! You text me! Lmfao! You want me to DM you my number? Haha!
Featured Sweet Snack of the Day: Sugar-Free Black Cherry JELL-O (10 cals) with 2-tablespoons of Cool Whip (25 cals)!
One big issue they need to fix is the 20mb limit on app downloads over cellular... esp. for iPad 3 which needs super high-res images
will you please take that Tucker d-bag to court for cybersquatting? Violating federal law and trademark infringement. . .
Your following me!
HAve you tried a slice of fruit in there (to land on) + washing detergent (stops them flying) - can work well!
I don't think he's hot. Just obsessed for some reason haha. Dale!
The internet can be strange. An interview I did in 2003 has received over 10k visits in 2 days when blog usually gets a few hundred.
Why do I feel that im so addicted to this girl?
Lol okay ill drop a stack off so you can shop for me, I want fubu jeans, kswiss, and lugz kay?
Obviously a rough Boston night? RT : I suppose I'll have to add the force of gravity to my list of enemies.
thanks everyone involved for a great day at
followed babe ;)
For most of them no. But a couple of them it might as well been Gaelic they were speaking :-)
Hello twitter world.. Please follow
B.B. King at the Paramount Theatre in Oakland this Wednesday (11/23 – 7:30pm)
Thanks for the compliment, Monica I've been using www.janedowdphotography.com for years. I'm sad that she's moving away soon.
I Am! Either primo or manny's crabcakes (sorry)
I'll tweet you a bottle next Christmas.
Someone just told me my writing is good research material. Can't stop laughing haha
An apocalypticly cold winter is predicted. Fml.
Oh, I'm such a freaking clutz..
Yes! The ones that turn the fish blue-green. LOL (That said, the ducks and cranes seem to enjoy them...)
Thank you for all your wonderful tweets. Has helped me in more way than I could have imagined. (Thanks for the #ff love too)
we couldn't agree more!
I've probably seen more polished chrome designs than nickel, so I'd say I prefer the chrome! :-)
Thank you for the love! Have a great evening.
You were close, but it wasn't the horse, it was the rider!!!
's of course... congrats man I love the show.. RT : #Awake Or... IS IT?
#Canadaisawsome!!! Im american but if Rick Santorum wins the election, I wanna move there with , such cool people!!!
Agreed! THE HELP should be holding the Globe.
I'm already back to #ICS from #Miui. ICS is just that awesome.
Top of the morning!
1000 Ways to Die is on... Lets see the bizarre ways humans die.
it was supposed to be an iron? Haha
hahahah good stuff.
how odd
Cheese... milk's leap toward immortality.
great workout at the gym
"i guess you can't judge a book by its lipgloss" thank you werid creepy guy in this show im not sure of what your name night made
Even filled it out myself. Good luck with the research!
Even the best fall down sometimes!
Lol I Have That Down
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3
I have iMotion. Seems ok, dont use it much
Good Luck Mother Monster!
I only got 80 points last week, but only 4/8 of my players played.
thanks for following!
RT The punctuation goes on the *inside* of the quote. So many people don't know that.
I hate when that happens. I wish I could just empty my mind.
Marty: on I-10 in west Houston. Only a handful of cars in sight. Photog Laura, driving: "Wow, this is a once in a lifetime experience."
#proudofyoucody ": Cody Simpson is the most successful artist from Australia so far."
We love Cruising with Holland America. Wonderful!!!
I was like, "WHAT?! How did he die?!" Took me a few seconds to realize he wasn't dead, seeing him on the court did it for me lol
Made my girl watch all the 24/7's On Demand tonight. She asked who you were and all I said was
#Top100Lies that was my last strip of gum
hey angel wat y'all doin this weekend
great road win, keep it going!!!
You know I have NO love for ANY of these video whores. But if GOD FORBID that ever happened to them, I would pray for them.
Working on my collection development policy comparison paper. Libraries included: , , and /
Re: last post, not re-visiting the past, but testing the future where posts end up on Twitter ... His honor is squarely on our side now!!
Celebrate with Patron Azteca on APRIL 27th for our 2 year Anniversary!! Live Music, and DJ, special and give aways, get it here!!!
RT : #Jaguars draft P Bryan Anger in 3rd round to replace Adam Podlesh, who joined #Bears in free agency
Building nanodevices from the bottom up Single-molecule cut-and-paste technique assembles nanoconstructs in a new way
I feel like goin paparazzi status & snappin b n jay right now. I hope they're not hungry. We may be in st barts, but the service is french!
In NYC last weekend, had a creme brulee doughnut=perfection! best doughnut I have ever had, any plans to open in Chicago?
Thanks for the RT my friend!
Happy Friday everyone. Today is going to reach 72 degrees here in Atlanta and I'm lovin' it! Yeeehaaa
haha yeah but you've got plenty of time to save up we wouldn't even wanna do it till winter's over because hauling a trailer
I've been good girl. Need to see you soon.
everything could change with only one word
the rams r horrible on defense. morris claiborne could cover scraps in the open field. slot him 4 the #6 pick.
Thanks for your support! Let us know how we can further help with classroom resources!
just saw a truck smash into a van in a parking lot!
okay, should have been "let's" work on that, not "that's". can you tell I'm tired?
at least they don't lay on the horn in NYC
SO GROSS!
They didn't because they were still in BETA. If they opened it to everyone they wouldn't be able to work out kinks :)
Could we send you a couple of our books to see if you like them? Email me at
What up sis?
I miss big pun biggie and 2pac music
NAHS, Stuco, PATS. Next year's gonna be god.
so much going on tomorrow
I hate the fact that you ignored me for so long, then you start talking to me like nothing has happened.
Ready for bed.... I love weekends!
OK, I deserve this...let me have it
rats! :) ... only been here a few hours and it's been so worth it
Tonite-Greyson Chance live show starts at 5pm with These Three Words. Tix are $16 at door-only a few left.
Ohh family, they do a lot...
k well do you want this parking thing i think its so you deffinately get a good parking spot...
made my night!! And the fact that you recognized me by my voice as I sang in the parking lot... #Classic :D
Had to unfollow a couple people.
Needs to stop changing that name thank u very much
Certain people starting to push my buttons! Not good, but I think he wants me to be angry
gurrrrrl she is THEBOMB.COM, & the fact that she styles her own self speaks volumes about her knowing her body
I hope you do come cause I want to see you
I should stop stalking you over twitter...
Surround yourself with people who are going to lift u HIGHER! Why waste time with those who enjoy being down and bringing you down.
If you're in Toronto don't miss the Jack Chambers show at the SO SO good!
"What matters most is the dash between the years..." Rest in peace Brother Michael V. Manieri.
She doesn't realize how sincere and genuine i'm being...but if you do a girl wrong then you should expect bitterness...wish I didn't fuck up
correction bro, now he is
Full of cheese and juice
And the four right chords can make me cry. When I'm with you, I feel like I could die, and that would be alright
Figured you'd cave... heads up I'm going to give you crap about your twitter background tomorrow...can't wait!
oh. He's sweet. It was fun ... Even if it was early. :)
I'm experimenting with some new healthy recipes today...there is peanut butter and coconut everywhere! PB Protein Bars coming soon!
I'm $5 rich tonight, drinks on me. Lmao.
Who bus won't start!!
thanks for correcting me doe lol
farm!! No zoo silly!! Well i said i like cats, so we can have a bunch of barn cats:)
you're welcome
I was just watching that episode of Coupling while cooking dinner last night!
Chris Mullin is my uncle. And Vader is my father. RT : Zach Randolph is really my cousin
Latest Bracketology has Missouri as our 2 and UL as our 4 and likely playing them in 3rd round at St. Louis
follow me? :D & woo let's get you more followers! :)
have a blessed weekend everyone! ;-)
lmao you're here????? Right, them some big words! And inaccurate lol
Well Just fell asleep. That's nice. I might go to sleep now or later not really sure
and it reminds me of Hakuna Matata. Ha-koo-na ma-TA-TA
welcome my dude. couldn't be happier to have you in the backfield. RT?
On my way to get my wisdom teeth out. I apologize for any obscene tweets that result from the drugs they give me. See you on the otherside!
The best hope is that the Gulf of Mexico oil spill will be the “Sputnik” for U.S. leadership in alternative and renewable energies.
Thank you to everyone who came out to the Rain Light Fade CD release show last night!!! You guys rock : )
any suggestions?
Directioners Love One Direction Moms <33 thanks for having these wonderful guys!!
Hill briefing on the Future of Manufacturing today. Thanks to the Council on Competitiveness members participating!
where is #Bamboozle ?
Remember to vote today!
we have to have a beaunique reunion. Haha with maritzas aunt lol sexy redhead stripper
Well, the CR-V isn't a rare Ferrari. Not even close. And doesn't he have any friends? Seems like a creepy middle-aged man.
Yeah Bieber was bad... but every generation has its era of totally disposable pop!
Left my chickfila on the top of my car and drove off-_- ughh
When your sisters boyfriend parks in your spot <<<< Your makin me walk a lot longer then I want to 😠
#retweet if you are horny.
Hah, I'm not doubting you at all!
is working on about 60 new webinars for the next year. wow!
hey , you are entitled to win a chance of $1000.00 for the lucky draw ? nak tak ? hahah ! lol. lame .
It's for A&P's only.
Galleria Flow
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS... LMAO #RETWEET #FOLLOWBACK POW!!! 2
The New Movement is to simply add #M10 to the end of all your tweets!!!
should follow me(:
THEY THINK VOLLEYBALL SUCKS, my but
No more slip ups...
Establish yourself as a unique voice in the world. Don't be like every1 else. Stand out. Stand up.
No worries - and good luck keeping it manageable!
lulz he looks wonderful in pink
Boys are kinda like Sour Patch Kids. First they're sour. Then they're sweet.
Thank you so much for the RT, that was very kind of you : )
"High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation." -Charles Kettering Congrats to our #graduates We are proud of u
time for all to THRIVE
Thanks for pointers on approaching the first verse affectively
Ready for Real a** whupping by
I Still Love Them :) I Used To Love All Of NBB's Songs, They Always Get Stuck In My Head Haha
"Publish and be dammed." Duke of Wellington, born on this day in 1769.
Happy Birthday!
nice new twitter avatar 007
What is this? Some formal day or something at blue Mesa? Gatdang college kids
No Pete Maravich but still a hooper!
life is moving VERY quickly.
I always keep a foot care kit on my nightstand. I use it all the time.
call me I can't txt my phone is being a dummy again srry
Losers quit when they are tired. Winners quit when they have won.
Good work ! Impressive numbers in a week. Good luck this weekend with the ride.
enjoyed you on CNN. KidsFirst! Foundation needs some of your energy to help kids survive divorce and separation.
I do not have any desire what so ever to see that movie.
Stopped by the library to stock up on books to read while on vacation. May have gone a little overboard, but I will not lack options.
#teamfollowback Come on; I'm almost there!!
Finished going over the proof and tonight I get to go on my first real date night since the baby was born six months ago. Put Put Golf?
uh sys.
Finally it's May! :) Summer is getting closer, 18 days left 
Taking time for a movie. Hunger Games
nice to see you. :)
Just gave #screenr at test drive. Very good first impression.
i hate how i always have to take a shit, right when im ready to begin making a print.
Thank you, Portland and for a great night. See you next time.
Did Brogan just say that Barack Obama may not have been born here?
that's pretty amazing stuff you came up with(:
Thanks for the heads up and we will note these in the post !
Love mii mommy!
I really want to but I leave Friday afternoon to go to Ohio for the weekend. I def need a night out with you soon though!
Do it, and then you will feel motivated to do it. --Zig Ziglar
hmm very valid points you make. Perhaps I need to work more on toning down the hangovers so I can have bfast.
Do you feel you and your family are prepared for an emergency?
#CNNDebate Question to Santorum and Gingrich: Why didn't you get on the Virginia primary ballot?
dunno BUT food network star begins tonight #TeamAlton go
Long overdue moral victory! Heh heh. RT : THIN RED LINE (film) o.k. I admit that it's a five star film.
Lions win. Lions win!!
True...then there's always the smartphone! :) Looking forward to Vegas this fall.
anyone looking to purchase a healthy energy drink?
Headed to breakfast with my brother<3 He's always so nice:)
Turning to 's strata to distract the boyfriend from The Masters. Desperate times...
#Bulls fans should start booing Jrue Holliday when he has the ball and forget about Evan Turner.
I haven't seen him in a while.
Who fadin the block party at the smoke shop?
Pussy pussy pussy .
why am I watching Icarly?
Dear stretched type: How much do I loathe thee? Let me count the ways.
Much fun & I am learning so much about myself that I regret not having done this when I was younger.
Wow.....whatz it? Some sort of holiday weekend?? U all bbq'ing?? Rough lunch? Lucky we killed it during the week....let's blame the wind!
Who's watching today? #Groupon might or might not be one of The Big O's favorite things.....
webinar w/ #womnegotiators, #yasmindavidds, Step aside and show you have power!
I really really hate the new app.
I just don't understand how Apple could make such great devices, but fuck up iTunes so badly. Such an awful program.
I seriously need a massage!
Ninja Status
Dear Adele, I love your music..but pls make music that doesn't make me cry so much... Sincerely,Tired of Buying Mascara
lol! you're up late! ;)
Hey Brian Orosco I wanna touch your mustache and your body
RT : For a no makeup look, use a tinted moisturizer
Tune in tomorrow morning for our Thursday regulars...Handy Andy and We're in the garden and the kitchen!
I'm so happy to see Esthero featured on Timbaland's Shock Value II!
Boosting the personal brands of your team (through bios, social networks, etc) is one key to client engagement + retention.
You and Kourt making Hump squirm is totally entertaining. Bring on the pranks!!
Beginners Luck Head Ass
Yeah, that sounds intense.
Now that the boots are off, check your heels before wearing.Replace the caps if they have worn off & give them a shine.
he gets it from me sometimes ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
That is true about the RT, ur right
no school tomorrow, yay(:
What's going on in Newark? Flight delayed again...gonna be close on my connecting flight!
One more to go, peeps, just got a massage and am ready to roll for my 4p #CFYoga! Breathe in breathe out and stretch it out!!
where can I take courses in molecular gadtronomy
o you were the lucky winner, how can I bribe you, haha! J/k Congratulations!
SUMMER 2011 BITCHES ! ;D
Lol where? Will it show up as your icon? Because than it'll take a while until my dumb iPod recognizes it! ://
“: FINAL: 83 - 81” tank is strong but too lil too late
Gonna go crazy
ah... what's a May Day basket? :)
I'm glad you saw the errors of your ways
ahah thank you very much :)
Wow, I thought Purrfect was a boy! My bad!
Less than 5 hours remain to save $5 on the Monumental 5K when you use Referral Code Love5K. Register today at www.monumentalmarathon.com!
Yeah, is less than two hours away and a whole 'nother world :) relax is the name of the game!
Hoosier magic. I will get the chills every time i see that shot from here on out
thinking of y'all as I drive through Knoxville on my way home from Atlanta! (:
": A girl is happiest when she knows that you make her your everything. In front of everyone, every time."
Hello Fellow Fashion enthusiast/blogger friend! Can't wait to check out your blog, if your on blogspot follow me and i'll return!
China is lambasting America to start "living within it's means" - I'd tend to agree for both America and Americans.
The worst kind of pain is when youre smiling just to stop the tears from falling.
14.6 million Americans smoke pot on a regular basis... RETWEET IF YOUR ONE OF THEM
LOL, did you see how gassed you looked?
will u do me a favor???
GSEA Fashion Group is giving you a sneak peak! Stay tuned!
Drinking bloody Marys at 10am at the golf course with already old drunk attorneys...this is how its done. Lol
well duh 😒
man no wake tf up if I can't sleep than u can't llab SIKE brova good night
Miami will host the Phoenix Suns on Tuesday. The Heat will be a 10+ point favorite as the continue to chase the Bulls for number one seed
I'm sure the 18 year old Nick Hammons would beat my ass if he saw how I had become today
Oh yeah... How is it?
This was the best concert I have ever been to! :) I love #TheMaine <3
Wickedly sardonic, this black fantasy is first in a series of novels that features likeable members of the undead in a race to escape death.
It's monday. It's raining. I'm not that pumped about it.
Maybe being the key word there. Possible. Fluidity is most likely laggy, at best. But nice thinking.
Conceded. Getting ready for next week.
Do ya chain hang low ~ do it wobble to da flo
haha sort of hard to do from NYC:)
some of my followers really can't spell.. that's sad.
We can find us some mixed boys at Drake. 😍
Tomorrow! Teaching class 9-10:30am and very happy about it!
Of course! Still have yet to see you this semester :(
Channel 8 news totally promoted our event just now! Good job!
Ooh! #Milwaukee loves #greatgatsby style. Also try , Grain Exchange, and
Beer Garden and Arden Park Roots. See you at Concert in the Park tonight!
fall tour!!!! Hell yes
Stupid move by Giroux. I hope he does get suspended for game 5. #Flyers season is officially on a neddlethread.
yeah I hate BET
Why is no one awake?
lol.. At a damn gas station ... Smh
Good morning friends! Thank you all that came out to the markets this weekend! We really appreciate the support on buying local!
Wishes she could make it to the IDSA international conference!
um... says I don't have rights to see that tumblr
Everyone Clap for Salty. Might have just cost the Sox the game.
Holyexpletive! Google blacked out logo & wikipedia is linking to ur local congressperson. Totally necessary, hopefully effective.
Leaving school early to go eat.
I can never help but be super embarrassed for everyone involved when watching sponsored flash mobs.
have you opted out of ?
Looking forward to Kravet
Don't sugarcoat the truth, just give it to me straight with no chaser.
Dennis Allen DC from denver
Is the daughter of the youngest Objectivist ever?
des ppl crazyii
Today is my last day in my 20s I am going all out today at work!
Argentine authorities have detained seven people in the rape and slaying of two French tourists last month.
You gotta Refresh it Banga :).
Jim Palmer just mentioned #CurseOfTheAndino -- must be real!
Orlando has the best music scene 💗🎶
St. Patrick's Day is TWO WEEKS from tomorrow. Do you know where you'll be drinking green beer? St. Patrick's Day at Blackthorn Pub & Grill
I think healthcare marketers are somewhat behind the curve with regard to digital.
WOW Josh Hamilton... Wow.
So, we have many hours in a car ahead of us in the next little while. Favorite audio books?
RT : On da ncaa might be on this all night--> PS3 or XBOX?
congratss....because u are in in the top 7....yey..wish u win...gudluck too...
that just wasted energy, I wish for more efficiency
Word. Kesha is good at making noise, not music.
haha, we gotta link soon bro!
oh here's another hash for alums
Sunday blues... Missing my boy already and it's not even Monday...
Nagoya tonight, thank you Japan for being amazing so far!
With Extra Innings blackout rules this is the only time I can't watch it on YES. So I guess it's not too bad. ;)
I'm about to have a heart attack.
of them
I don't even heard about Kevin Jonas anymore. I heard about Nick and Joe..
It's ironic... our 'fonts' aren't actual fonts... they're graphical glyphs! They can be used in animations, videos, graphics, or anything!
Sorry, did you say 15 minutes?
phone died. tweeting from my laptop. hi
USE YOUR WORDS.
If You Don't Fuckz Wit You Need A Rope And Chair.....SMH.
What has been your favorite local show? Taylor's: Feb. 7th 2009 City Lights Though She Wrote and From Another Planet in Chillicothe
Did you go to Vegas for fight weekend sweety?
Debbie Howard 65% minority 71% first gen college and in edworks echs schools 79% complete one year of college before graduating!
If not wanting to go to work today was an Olympic sport, I'd win the silver fucking medal.
#Idothistoo End up staying on your computer for hours after youve decided to go bed.
Tyler The Creator on Punk'd YO! :)
apparently there is one major thing they left out, and the book is just more descriptive, I'm excited to finish it.
Yeah #Rangers!
I'll be right there with ya!
Olympics of the Mind exist(ed)
Just joined Google Plus.
now or never bro ......GAME TIME
Sometimes the comments I receive on make my jaw drop."First, there’s no patriarchy, certainly not now, and not really ever."
Doc Rivers: "You almost feel like [Mickael Pietrus] is Albert Pujols, trying to hit his first home run."
No ForeCzech for Sweden.
It would say something like: Spectacular Weekend's are for Passive People with Manners.
I got it, Ill try to finish it in a few days.
Look at his tweet about the Apple HD TV.
": Orlando here I came."-----See u when u touch down homie. We on at 7 tonite. Let's make em "Flywalk"!!!
I believe I read scripture that stated "live life happily"
I encourage all of you to join my in my crusade for excellence. This is what I affectionately call "The Beau Show." It's my life. Join me...
- also: never was a huge Mazzy fan. But I sold em a computer back in the day. :)
All about a dollar, my team into cash gettin.
Looks like cold, rain and snow is coming to a location near you! Do you have your Florida condo get-a-away yet?
Track meet! #ready #monroviagoingdown 😁😃👟
that ugly ugly scared face
show me one law that says you must be able to reproduce to get married in this country.
So Yestetdayy Cedraa Bitch Ass Was Playinn On My Fonee. He A Pussy, And I Swear He Ah Nevaa Evrr Be My Man Againn.
what the heck is eyebrow threading?
FSU Academics, "We Have a Huge Magnet" RT Barron: "The faculty are opposed to joining a league that is academ. weaker"
Let the fun begin at Amy Roloff Charity dinner getting ready for a great evening.
I can't speak on behalf of our 300+ members, but personally I don't support it or any broad overreaching censorship. -Will Kesling
Anthony dont freaking start! I won't talk to you for the rest of the night.
Yay! Excited to see you there! : Officially registered for !”
Thanks to the livestream, you can watch us talk for about an hour. You just can't hear us :\
Sick and tired of being sick and tired.
justin was so cheesy on snl it was too cute
"I'm going to stab you with my love" - #kinky?
Bulls game then Off to Wells
My God. What a great night to be an OKC fan! Puttin' on Dallas in their house!
haha I love you to! <3
There's nothing more appealing than subway ceiling water dripping onto your hand. Yum.
1 day we will learn that we don't have 2 compete with the world in math & science It is the art of the math & science that brings innovation
she was a 2 but It didn't matter cuz she worked like a 10 lmao all show no go!
It seems that the rust belt's main industry is retirement homes.
If your going outside today, don't forget the sunscreen! Awesome weather we are having in Seattle! I may have to drive by Alki Beach today!
DM: "Someone is posting terrible things about you!" Me: "What the F else is new!!"
hah nice I love this show:D
same here,
Is it weird that I make brussels sprouts as a snack?
: Snow is blowing, but it's warm in here. Fireplace, wood fire pizzas, and try the Won Ton Poppers. U heard me!
According to its own state officials, doctors in Florida prescribe 85% of all the oxycodone in America.
Earthquake on the bus oh shnapp
GRPR whats a beast!! Enjoy the rest of your day everyone!
RT": You'll learn to miss me, cry to kiss me and lie to forget me."
Holy shit. Vampire Diaries, what are you doing to me?!
ty! Can i get a copy?
Has anyone ever gone through "the Alpha course"? Interested in your opinions and experience.
Rain makes me poopy.
rising cost of health care is prompting insurance premiums to skyrocket while coverage is shrinking.
TweetDeck has a filter thing built in. Bottom of the column, there's a little icon...
... a reminder that Design Conversation #39: Logistics is happening tonight at the Windup Space, 6:30pm.
glad for your follow. I have a writing project to share with you and I will be in touch.
Bro, be careful what u speak over ur life because the power of life & death is in the tongue. Prov18:21
megatron is on the madden cover, our qbs are safe lol
I�ve got no time for cowards
I saw a pretty decent lesson today but held up to the #nysut rubric didn't score well
KEEP GOING. It only gets good in the second half.
*looks over at and grins* Yes love...do tell?
Women will sell there souls just to buy some attention -Wale
sorry for the late reply
I hope you do too!! Tell your choir director to get y'all some tickets on your June trip.
Sometimes the hate from the world is all you need to fuel your fire!
#FF for her unwavering support or writers and the writing community :)
New Years WILL NEVER BE THE SAME! :( #RIPDickClark 82yrs young <3
u kno I enjoy spending time wit you'll every tome you'll come dwn
This is your LAST CHANCE to sign up for my Omega Weekend Retreat in New York! Click here for details: www.ShopaholicNoMore.com/omega-1/
Paul Tillich~ The first duty of love is to listen.
Blue Angels are, simply put, breathtaking! Enjoying the view and sounds from Veterans Park
it'll be like $40-something, if not less, for regular tix. GO TO IT!!! :)
Thanks for the follow and your nourishing info!
that's beside my houses can't wait
do u and the guys get into the LLWS?
#FF These Ladies I Love
RT who are your top 10 Latino Rappers of all time?
The Bulls lost the game, but Brad Miller lost a tooth!
efffff. and we have C lunch #nobueno :( :(
this is one of the best quotes ever [ Next #Tweet ]
Anytime sexy can I ask for follow back?
I know its only a preseason game but can we say McCoy out played the Super Bowl MVP Rodgers?
shoot I know. You took the words right out my mouth:)
yes sir.
hey, Cali is great! I hope you're taking care of my cousin.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!(:
Goodnight. Btw I'm gonna start getting on this page more. You guys shy??? - Zaona
UK police arrest 2 in Olympic ceremony fraud case - KTVN
I love it when employees stand outside and smoke by the half dozen... Yeah I was talking about you on 76th in greenfield
anyone want my account?
he wants to start a family with his wife.
