#christmasshopping with my mama
im so bored...
Go follow her she needs one more follow soo she could get 900 !:)
me too! Absolutely incredible finish...
Looking for some great shots of Sao Luis Brazil...if anyone has any...hit me up!
i love you my dear <3
Christian Dior Denim Flow
ALL THE VERY BEST.. NITHIN.. .
I hate doing overnight sometimes
Victor Butler has been killing in camp this year. McGee filled in nicely in the last 2 games. last year
RT : the Thunder is Legit! FREE brewed coffee or 1/2 Price Latte for Thunder Fans wearing their gearFri 7am to Noon
cinema5D REVIEWS – New Gear Review Database for Filmmakers via
The lack of iCarly is really putting a damper on my fandom. :/
Spring has sprung! #Indians pitchers and catchers report today in Goodyear. Not that it's on my calendar or anything...
It's #socialmonday, the best day of the week! Come join us for the hottest party in town, and don't forget to RSVP for dinner
I SHUT DOWN THE TOC BAR LAST NIGHT IF YOU MISSED OUT THAT'S YOUR BIZ
have to say, with #aquapocalypse, new media is covering the story, providing answers so much better than tradmedia.. kinda depressing.
Thanks for the #FF from and yesterday! Happy weekend and WOOF.
Moving houses provides a lesson in how rapidly technology becomes obsolete.
amazing travelogues are also always "truly experimental" and often "defy genre".
congrats & good luck ! 2 interviews this week. Oh joy 😔
I love Greenwood, been on him for awhile now
That is absolutely horrifying.
My generic opinion on something >>>>
my mom said she's betting on Liaison 50-1 odds, she's tryin to get paid
Monitor your information. Google ur name often, set up alerts and let people know what ur expectations are for personal info
haha true but no alcohol allowed either :)
don't tell me Disney was on the leading edge of WASH work...guess I gotta check out the link.
Just hit 441 followers. The confetti cannon is about to go off in my living room.
On my way to perform Mini readings at a Birthday Party tonight!!! I love parties, reminds me of a past life in the Carnival!!! LOL
Head explodes. RT : Umm we probably shouldn't say this, but that's pretty funny.
I don't think there is enough "whitewash" in the country to hide all those War Crimes! We MUST Re-elect PBO
ugh , what are we doing with our lives ?! Lol
excellent point!
This will be good celebration-we finally got all inventory rented.
Girl 1: blah blah blah (joke) Girl 2: AHAHAHAHA -looks up every word in the joke- See this is my life
you can do, calm down. If I passed you can do it. It only took me 5 try's...
Would hate to be a kid watching the shuttle launch and think,"I'd like to be an astronaut one day."Yeah, sorry - we don't fund that anymore.
For eternity I'd lay in bed in my boxers half stoned with a pillow under my head.
I did not want your unsolicited tweet, though I guess it doesn't suck as much as what you & did to Gary Friedrich.
i did but not no quality. just some where to work on lil shit... i c u tweet 16 what he tlkin bout son
Thanks for the tweet. We are running your #peekanalytics report now -- would you like a beta invite?
Too young to know, not old enough to care.
Sneaks Up Mixtape Artist... Submissions are DUE... please get them to me A.S.A.P. ... THANKS DJ DJ
in 15 years of eligible smashing her #FamousBodyCount is 9. Haven't heard and "regla niggas" boasting..
JUST got my twitter:)
The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed. Just look at that bed head hot mess.
Good Luck.
I wish I went to drake!
Watching extreme makeover to see im already crying, help put a stop to bullying #DefeatTheLabel RT if you have been bullied
wat time? I might come thru wit some food n drank
"fuck bitches, get money" might actually be the best advice ive ever heard
By no means is my life perfect now, but most of my days are surrendered to the Lord’s plans rather than the busyness of my own.
I must have skipped the Vancouver chapter.
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you do or say will be exaggerated or mis-quoted and used against you in the court of law.
nothing much headed to the gym
:o) you should have screamed YeeeeeHawwwww too.
Call out #WellPoint from using policyholder&#taxpayer $ from Medicare&Medicaid 2 fund a radical political agenda that’s attacking r families
I'm heading out to 1 Winning Drive. Time to cover some Ravens draft nitty-gritty. What ?'s do you want answered? - Bulldog
Apparently Mr McGowan and Arnold are friends... for some reason that doesn't surprise me at all
just 1 more week of school.
That Jeep Commercial about USA Basketball>>>
Our boys in Gateways are looking for a drummer. Head over to their page if you can help them out!
Sporting a new Lincoln Town Car while my truck is being fixed.
So far all by my ittybitty self i made 217 Ped. Pal Foot Scrubbys! ..YIKKES I'm addicted to my business. LOVE making my customers laugh
#IfYouReallyLikedMe U know I put garbage out on the curb
What does everyone think about the upcoming tour is doing? Should be BIG BIG BIG!
Have you read them?
come over entrance is free today!
unicorns nd glitter
4 more days until I am 21!!!
...but I said "namaste" after.
yeah sure
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me All the days of my life; And I will dwell in the house of the Lord Forever. (Psalm 23:6 NKJV)
Since your hard fought victory in Iowa, I've learned a valuable lesson fro you,
Listened to Zao- fear album....man thats some great vox by Dan
Hey Papi how come u never respond to my questions :(
Looking for 3-4 day 3br condo rental on gulf coast. Any suggestions on where to look?
Gingrich expected to reference in debate tonight report that Romney failed to list income from a Swiss bank account in finan. disclosure
Miriam, we are grateful for the follow!
Hot babes should follow me lol..
I just found a baggy of weed at my daughters music school. I have half a mind to turn it into the office.
#fml I havnt kissed anyone in over 8 months now!
States Diverting Mortgage Settlement Money to Other Uses Some states are diverting their share of a $2.5 billion they were awarded in a m
Absolutely! You can Direct Message us your address and we will send a sample tomorrow. We were founded in New Orleans!
A little late, but mid-afternoon.
yea...are you almost out?
mother nature has cruel april fools jokes...snow...in spring?!?!
they're actually called soft smores :p
#yogawednesdays shud b killed in iowa to many flat bottoms....thanks for ruinin it CF
Big Island bound for 2 1/2 weeks. Please pray for me. Thanks!
Grammys this weekend! :) see ya there!
Getting into TIGERLILY'S ORCHIDS by my long-time fave Ruth Rendell.
where did ya pick up that nifty akill
"Love the green color. Great quality! Fast shipping!! Will buy again!" - Wilma from New York, New York
it's really just pubes.
RT : #hcms12 website of future will look more like a media site and less like a brochure. =good example.
Can't it be both?
Does anyone have an extra ticket to 's Seven on Seven tomorrow? really wants to come!
Worst day ever -_-
Really? eating Chipolte on the metro? Taking up 2 seats? Tattoo on your chest? Burping? Talking loudly on your phone? embarrassing us all?
will be providing emergency overnight shelter tonight & tomorrow night with temps predicted to be in the 20s.
"Don't these talking monkeys know that Eden has enough to go around?"
First people at the social
#BBN remember Is turning 18 tomorrow!Of course he been a man on da court for years! But les show some luv with the B/D wishes
Will be teaching him Algebra. Beginning at the beginning however. Pre-Algebra review. We meet once a week so need to select a text. Fun
we are not on the road on Monday. We will be out tomorrow and the schedule will be posted tonight
Every person you meet knows something you don't; learn from them. -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
I truly love being able to execute a GLI wave with my fellow das autos
we're making brownie milkshakes today. you probably need one! actually i can hear the milkshake calling your name. see YOU soon!
Weird. There should be a more streamlined appeal / customer service / human escalation process.
TRAFFIC ALERT: All of Fourth Plain from Rossiter to Neal Lanes is closed due to hit and run fatal investigation.
there are people in the world that go to bed hungry, but there are people in America that exclude certain food from their diet.must be nice
lls mike, if u ever seen any!
o whatever lol I like a lot of different music he's just my favorite :) always has been.
so he's almost won 2 races in the last 4 years? That still sucks.
thats because you get to hang with Craig... :-)
Holy shit did the cHeat actually sell out a game?! Wow.
I hate not being able too sleep ..
This week we are in store for lovely weather, why not visit Planting Fields?
then why put "first"? There's no point in using the word unless it's to imply that it is before others.
Out for a walk with my lovely ladies and puppies(:
They are something else. Now I have to get some Coffee with Irish Creamer in it. Laterz
It's hot as balls out here
Anyone know how many of the corporations who pay little or no taxes due to loopholes have high number of employees on govt assistance?
via so the films that made our movies today possible (i.e. b&w films) aren't relevant? that's ridiculous.
some applications learn words better than others. Type ur word into safari's search and the iPhone will learn it.
a close second...
Does anyone want to slap the owner Diane if she goes Hmm one more time.
omg thanks and to u r my teddy bear!!!;]
fall through and get on ir
I really hope Boston Clam Chowder is better than Chicago-style pizza or I'm really gonna regret this decision
Yay! It's being delivered or you're shopping?
#IStandGRAND but ur already following me ;D so its all good
I'm so impatient, ugh I need a man. #tiredOfbeingsingle :/
I was mocking someone on youtube who thought that was true u idiot
I share my resolution with a couple basketball players. I'll drop the believe within the hour
We are dying to see 1D in Vegas!!!
I forgot just how fun tweeting was.
This Kid on American idol singing usher is actually really good..
OMG! Thank goodness someone agrees!
It has been a pleasure working with you!
But he's doing the same set..... fawk
damn right.
That's great. The bacon belt in itself is definitely
Elizabeth Berkley just tweeted using the hash tag #imsoexcited. Please tell me she is in on the joke.
I am still deciding about UNITY.
Champions Do Daily What Losers Are Only Willing To Do Occasionally.
Far more worrisome is reading Little House on Prairie books 2 my kids. "darky" and "redskin" ?! YIKES I did NOT remember that
Beyond tears today as I thank God for keeping my kids safe-- life can change in an instant. Love you and thank God for you daily, Jared.
haha oh ok, you never know- there's always something going on , I didn't want to miss out!
Appreciate every moment you get . 💛
did he bring enough for everybody? I could go for some good Chinese food.
oh that's a nice looking one
Thanks, Jentery. It's becoming clearer now. Go team!
thank you for sharing! always a pleasure to read your thoughts.
You niggaz is pussy ,my time to b sexest, no equal rights maybe ill listen to the next bitch!!!
Do they have teeth? If on street for any significant time, most do not.
haha and so are your maroon gowns
delegate count is a bit different other news orgs. Among the differences is that we don't count unpledged RNC members.
Beer BQ time
Clara, you are young, pretty, and gay. You doubtless selected me for your sweet confidence because I am middle-aged, ungainly, and bald.1850
another column today with anonymous quotes. When did you decide to sell out the journalism profession?
RG3, Caps playoffs, Nats/Harper/Stras. DC suddenly a real sports town!
aww thanks!! the sun came out today!
nope, you're right according to everyone else who replied haha. Such a cutie!
What's up bro how's it going? Hey u got any flows or songs u can email thanks
#Freshmanyeartaughtme how immature freshman are.
I don't know what I want for lunch...
This time they tweeted agitated imagination
Crab bisque tonight for #mondayfunday and new intervention and hoarders! Also talls for smalls woot woot!
Well you say "affect more change" I personally think the timing is hysterical, just taking a big old poop all over Carolina
Congrats on making it to regional finals.
in this rain? and the honey is knocked out.. lol
taking a trip to the nasty natti.
#np Some Days-
My stomach hurt :/
I got the cookies and booze; you got Gremlins?
's voice in their cover of What Makes You Beautiful could seriously rival the 1D boys. It's fantastic!
No worry Heat fans. You guys play Detroit towards the end of the month. Then you and can claim the Heat are amazing again.
Happy Friday to you too!
RT : #ISTE is looking for an educator to write an article for L&L about #Kindle Fire apps. Pls RT and reply if interested.
Not excusing, trying to explain. Millionaires that dont give a fair effort get the avg Joe mad. Appreciate your good fortunes
oh gosh just let go seriously.. Enough is enough.
Smmfh here we go with the bullshit
In the bad times we realize who our real friends are....
Thank you!
Tell that to the second grader that gets sent to the office for making the same move at any school.... Grow up.
Happy Birthday Tibs!
XT50 Offers Online Video Workouts for Women.
I had never rec'd a request until today. Didn't realize people still use it.
So much click-clacking at with Matmos. Still waiting for the nudity.
wuts good chief
Had my first coffee today
The #Flyers defeat the Pens 8-4 to take a 3-0 lead in the series...even got a little fists flying
You Guys Seriously Needa Follow ; She Will Change Your Life FOREVER Yo!!! XD
OK, so we've had enough snow to barely cover my driveway. And now I'm done with snow. Bring on spring.
Freezing at Caltrain San Carlos
If I gave you sanity for the whole of humanity..
My hubby in the trenches again today empowering & supporting black boys with empathy & respect. Criminal "justice" system is no such thing.
Lets party rock this Sat Flip cup tourney starts at 2pm! .com to enter!
Days like today that I wish it was acceptable for me to consume alcoholic beverages while in my office. >.<
We have our Italian Ice Social with the Dean today, too. Hooray for dessert socials!
At Chicago Cultural Plan Town Hall meeting w/ EMBARC students. Advocating for art/culture as a tool to transform lives of undeserved youth.
Get it Bo Bo
Yes!!! :D there is =] we decided to make one since there wasnt many out there LOL
I wonder if the caffeine concentration maintains its integrity or is absorbed, in part, by the critter. ;-)
Studying for finals. <<<< ugh. This is boring.
Juwan Just Called me bree i never herd him call me that
JW spoke the word today
too late,he didn't but he gave that fool a run for his money lol
Definitely not raiding my patches to display on my new D-Lux Messenger bag so I'll need new patches.
what the hell was winslow doing?
This is how God showed His love among us He sent His one and only Son into the world that we might live through Him.
Comedian Joey Kola is coming up...one of the funniest men alive.
Morgan texted me (;
How cool! What did you do for them?
Please Note: The War Against Terror == TWAT
thanks a lot man! i really appreciate it.
So far we are undefeated so watch out
why teach a man to fish when i can sell him a fish?
You're welcome Phillip.
Ladies if your avi is of u in a kayak than I think youre into kayaking If youre in the pic half naked posing Im thinking youre into sex
My birthday is in 5 days...
WHOA what's wrong??
Psh. Haha if I were you I wouldn't. :p
. Muni should have just designed a pedestrian tunnel from Caltrain to Chinatown
not just any dog! MY dog. it's ok.
Good luck! :)
I have a couple of favorites from an old Petra (YES) album: Song of Moses; and Send Revival, Start With Me. you'd rock both!
we aint in no relationship gurl lmfao i'm single out here for da time being and gon be dis way for a brick
says "very poor [have] an ample safety net." But each night, almost 700,000 are #homeless. We need more focus on poor, not less.
Hon. Do Those Come In "Not Ugly?"
Its not what they do that hurts you. . . Its that they dont tell you they did it when you thought you were who they shared everything with.
i,am, bAcK
Once when I wake up
you were getting too conceited, had to bring you back down to earth lol
just got back from basketball don't have practice til FRIDAY!
that's cool
Reading 's eulogy for the Big Man. It's truly lovely, describing a life too big for words.
Sorry, just un-PC thoughts!
finally got social media disconnected. Returning to the simple life feels good. :)
#Roses A free dozen roses to anyone coming in to our store in issaquah during the next hour.
Don't u just hate a button #Dick. A Dick that don't hang to the left or right but just sit right in front.
maybe just maybe she'll go away :P
phew, thanks. I kind of felt lame.
#ImminentDanger Roy: Series, discussion greatly needed. Painful, bec we're so invested. But shouldnt most invested speak?
ah the good life.
Yikes RT : it's a good thing noone's forcing you to watch it. Also, your twitter handle sucks.
I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU GUYS AT WARPED!
Aw man. It's snowing. I guess I'll turn the heat on. Maybe....
Why is it that my Korean mom, #1 champion of all things Korean and quality raver of Korean things, refuses to buy Korean cars?
can't remember how i found this site, but he's really good at filtering the BS. Make sure you click on "all posts" on the right.
Whats up... doing homework in my room... All done :-D
jesus christ get jamey wright's old ass out of the game
Thanks for the Eco RT's!
that picture makes me want to vom
#GUKPTThanet Main Event starts today | £500 6Max | Follow progress via and | The Trip Leader!
LOL we always laughed at that story. My Dad would tell it all the time. Yeah...don't know what they thought when they found it.
“As I don't know about tomorrow, I never save the best for later.” ~ Paulo Coehlo ~
Nice!!! Ive heard that album is good!
I'm alive but I'm alone
so, polish parade huh?
hooray! congrats!
5-9pm, best parking is on Senate Ave or 11th St. Free admission!
i am gonna kill you in your sleep.
Who is trying to proof read a paper for me?
first to tweet to???? Happy birthday!
#DontWifeThatChickIf she think girls are hot....that shit is fucking gay
Serousrly can't go 2 days with out fighting or pissing her off 😠
Everyone has been working hard to make it a great day! Even new carpet installed in the conference room! Looks great!!
the paris hilton sex tapes, probably.
Your definatly going to hear a beastie boys set tonight with !
U CAN MAKE IT!!! EVERYONE CAN! I'll BE PRAYING FOR YOU!!! You WILL survive!!! #RyanKennedy <3 <3
is the funniest person I know
I would say when applying to a position, make sure you have related experience and if its not obvious by your resume and positions you've...
ur from teenwolf n what eles cuz I feel like I've seen ur face in another show but don't noe where ?
sweet man, can't wait to see them.
Morning Showers > Night Showers !.
Hey Hey Ana, Does Mariah Carey have a star? If not, will she be getting one anytime soon?
follow me ; )
always shred charge receipts, credit applications, insurance forms, physician statements, and credit offers you get in the mail.
Thomas is funny dude
Israel bound!
update 1. Fox pregame is so much better than CBS!
Without the need to literally run back and forth to school anymore, I have joined a gym in which I can do my running. （＾ｰ^)ノ
was a little old man & it seemed his coff & cake was his treat 4 the day he paid with loose change.I was the fool buying $$ coffee
the city is closing the Lincoln Branch library on E 7 mile. literacy is a low low priority in this town. smh
lololol I get wild too
Jp mitch so how bout them rangers?
let's get it up!
Dude, picture this: corrugated METAL. #Booyakasha! And, yes, of course you may visit.
today is my father B_Day Happy Birthday dad! enjoy your 52yrs
I know :). Thanks for all the excellent thoughts. Really appreciate them.
Baltimore bound. Jonathon's sleeping. Brent and Brandon are listening to the game. Preston's watching Love Guru. We ❤ you 😃
Panda Express.
Thanks for the follow ! See you round the hood.
The Chocolate Library will feature 1 charitable chocolate each month starting with Rescue Chocolate www.rescuechocolate.com this month
Do u know if mom got the car
I do that but only with netflix. At 6 I will sit down to do some work then at 9 I realize I watched some Heroes and GA but no work
The new NC Conversations includes articles by Phoebe Zerwick & Rob Amberg, photos by Christine Rucker. Download free-www.nchumanities.org.
Tease me like you do, But it just fuels my desire. Love or lust, It just adds fuel to the fire, Fuel to the fire.
It's do damn hott at tee house right now!!!!! And all the stupors drunk underage people is annoying!!
Getting brisk outside ... we have the One Wonder skullies coming ...
All this weed talk does is remind me that I need to cut and trim the lawn :-(
Public commenter asks council about San Diego's Prop A affect on bayfront. Mayor Cox tells him that's a different jurisdiction.
Week one of Brandt #crossfit #paleo challenge almost over! How do you guys feel?
BNF has web archives of a real and fake websites. Lawyers were interested. BNF was good enough as a credible archiving org
:( call/chat Amazon support. they'll send you a new one, probably
It means I no longer have to get my product out there. Someone does all the work for me and pays me monthly. It's perfect!
U and I know I'm talking about you... The BOSS DIVA don't advertise names bitch! Lol.
sweet. Still can't figure out why they would drop Bbc in Sirius
Lost doggy in the CD! Kind people just knocked on my door but she isn't mine. Holler if you're missing your four legged pal.
Dear Haters, I have so much more for you to be mad at. Just be patient.
Triple X
About to do a shot of makers mark. I'm gonna sleep like a baby...
It even included a subtle Judge John Hodgman reference
You're welcome, but it's purely selfish. I reallyreallyreally want to see them live again.
I miss you!! Lol;)
What a fantastic night for Karaoke at Rustys Old 50
It won't help bc I'm working against you! #FuckSmallMarkets RT : "We've just got to focus on Tuesday." -
Finals are done! Yay
Quick break for my lunch of a warm coke and a Nutty Bar and back to work.
r u following back?
open mic tonight at the Cellar Lounge 3601 w Sahara. No genre left behind sign ups at 8pm
To effectively use the Blessing of God for prosperity, we must give God something to work with.
nicki minaj just shitted on em....lmao you already know. drake is still fine..! & wayne
Good morning Tweeps! Welcome new followers!
Awesome! I'm running my first half in Nov. (cc )
Planning a summer wedding? Buy wine at awarding winning Wine & Roses June 10 & save. Can never have too much bubbly!
just let me get through this week.
And I don't even want to be all up on anyone's TV, but I'm JUS' SAYIN'! Erry season turn turn and shit, but damn.
post me some!!
Thank you to for showing some love to the Baltimore HF-Twestival. Love you.
Calling Rent-a-Husband
thanks 4 staying true to what u believe Used 2 let people overtake mine u helped me find them again. Religious&proud of it!
Reason I miss the MW: When I look at the stars, I C possibility. Living in NYC, cant C stars so much... harder 2 reach 4 them!
the giveaway from last season? i have 5 of them. :p
There's nothing brighter than
you bet
yeah was on the east coast for 10 days. minh finally told me to hit u up in brooklyn like the last day i was there. he's a dork!
strangely, it doesn't say anything about you. IT'S JUST BLANK. are you real?!
“: Chillin at my home away from home on Tuesdays!!!”
Chillin how r u
I'm making everyone eat at Taqueria Llamas for dinner tonight because it has llamas in the name... And I really like llamas... ;)
I monkey don't stop a show
Buff boners were broken tonight.
I'm not accusing any person. It happens a lot though. Like when ppl be like "I'm finna move I hate Mke" that's what Imsayin
Time to go workout! BEEFCAKE!
We will take the Tankdown to a whole new level. We will rock the Dome on every score!
Unlucky man city go on Chelsea
I admire and adore you. ": I'd rather be admired than adored. Adoration stems from perception. Admiration stems from reality."
What do little piglets do on a Saturday night? Have a pigjama party!
You're welcome. Thank you...I'm trying to stay cool too. :) Temperature is going back up.
You make my heart melt, its cold to the core
oh... imma look it up
Tough to notice in Vegas, but my personal style has absorbed a lot of southern CA. I like feeling laidback.
RT Food and beverage lead visitor spending at 25% followed by retail spending. Gr8 food and beverage here in wisc!
So wait, you're coming over right? :)
50s and sunny not your idea of a winter wonderland, east coasters? Chances of snow in #Aspen this weekend = 100%!! or bust.
You seriously don't know who Paul McCartney is? It's the parents' fault. Kids these days...
Overheard in a doctor's office: I've been waiting so long, I think I've recovered.(: hahaa.
just drop it all . goodbye mariah . final . have fun with your life . - sincerly kassie kay law .
Maybe. Well, that's too bad. Sorry to give false info.
I want, I want, I want to be loved by you. <3
getting a car for L.A.?
Morning, Loves! Diggin' this: "We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give." -W. Churchill
In Cali! Crossing the #SanFrancisco bridge..long as hell
Chauffeuring Ms. Daisy.
Working on a solo industrial prequel to the next Dethcentrik album...
that's fine hun!!! When are we getting it!?!? That's gone be hott!!!
I'm doing everything 3 minutes faster today so I get it all done in 23 hours.
Honestly, I don't love you. I hate you SO MUCH. But I can't tell you about it. I'm too PITY of you haha *meanlaugh*
Dear magazine- have ur editors lost their collective minds? How is that not child porn? That kid is old enuf 2 b in school!
need to take there ass to bed with this freaky shit tonight
That was the tournament 2014 guard (Earnest Matthews) scored 108pts thru a 3 game stretch.
Tim Armstrong on changing the web: the web needs to change its look and feel and that change will come from storytellers.
Mad rush from Union station to the tribune tower to do a video training session. Go!
News McIlroy splits from agent Chandler after 4 years U.S. Open champion Rory McIlroy has split from agent Chubby Chandler.
No Youth Court over the holiday weekend -- Happy Independence Day!
If she really dwn fa u, make sure it's 'military crawl' dwn.
Letters were mailed to all members. Landlord dispute caused the closure. They're refunding memberships, this ISN'T a "scam".
wow!!! Behind your back nothing but net!
Once #nuclearblast & #metalblade resolve the ongoing bidding war for disto rights.
According to , national champion #BCHockey will throw a ceremonial first pitch before tonight's game.
I always end up at metal shows. WHY.
Thanks for comin out!
Three new friends. Give a warm Anna Maria Island welcome to: Tome, Bobbette, and Barry!
GC Europe appoints new president
night night #Lebrick #Bulls ALL DAY!!!
that makes sense to me
good girl. Like his 80's stuff, but the stuff that made him famous is his best.
The University of Phoenix () Southern AZ Campus is hosting a Law Enforcement Career Workshop. Tomorrow. 3-6pm. Call 916-448-5802.
Powerful shoot by &
Over the past 3 days I have spent more than 6 hours on the phone w/techs in India and Florida to try to figure out why my machine
Yes it was. Great to meet you !
Congrats Ovi. 2nite's the nite 4 1+ : Ovechkin's 30th career playoff goal ties him with Peter Bondra for the #Caps franchise lead
#CivicEd is a wonderful thing! But I've chosen public service because I've walked around my city, not because I sat in a class.
Don't let a virus ruin your hard work. Dell recommends McAfee to protect that paper you've been writing all semester.
u iz ok i promiz. don b sad
I think I just got hit on. On the kennedy. In traffic.
We said we wouldn't join Twitter until the world ended. Since the rapture came and went, here we are!
i freaking hate KOBE he's to cocky but he's a great player..
Considering how much hair I swept up after giving Dan a haircut he should have no hair left.
awesome! Fyi, we are off 2nite but resume next thurs! Come on down!!!
haha oh you mad??
I'm back in town for a week or two. Let me know if you ever want to have lunch at the Google office here in Austin and catch up.
boys like girls <3
my sleep has been all kinds of messed up lately!
Listening to a group of older friends(80+) dare one another to add another shot of espresso into their coffees. I love it.
RT Stay away from people who are always looking for flaws, they are only there to tear you down so they can feel better.CMS
you will like him a lot - beautiful energy - great to listen to
i need new twitter username ideas... help me out
when are we gunna chill?
Pressible just passed 100 sites on our publishing network!
Show was a hit! Enjoyed working w everyone.
Pilot killed in plane crash in Fitchburg. Second aircraft crash in Central Mass. of the day.
MONDAY - Hey, It is Nat'l Police Week. These guys and gals work hard and take risks for us. Thanks folks.
Preschool zoo field trip :))
God damn. Everything is awful today. The weather, my mood, the pain in my ass from falling off the couch and landing on my boot heel. FUCK
ahh okay im sorry :-( still try to have a merry Christmas though! *hugs*
Well, then, Beth, I will be certain that you get a fair share of it!
Very few men have the power of voice & persuasion that Obama does.
One more out to go!!
Laying down for the night, text it.
iv been sayin it for a month rock
Ray Allen: we know who we're dealing with, #76ers know who they're doing with
I'll be ya Grilfren . If you really want me to. Just play ya part, them im gonna stay with you. > 3
Four hours of snowshoeing today. Time for some dinner!
Wow.....greatest league in the world!!!! cc:
RIP Donna Summer- "The Queen of Disco". Spent many hours dancing to your music while growing up. You will be missed!
An all nighter thanks to the world's best coffee ever made...now every time I look at the word "Santorum" I think it says "scrotum"...
I'm very happy only 10 more followers until I reach 100 
Thinking about us..
There's nothing worse than putting in hours of editing only to have your computer crash -_-. Now idk when this video will be up.
Saw this. Brilliant.
It's cool, cause we've always been like Drake and Nicki anyways
wow great pic!
An ice cream festival? Down the street in Charlotte? Um of course I'm going.
Happy Birthday from #honeymoon. Late, but still...
Day just keeps getting better
Good to see lots of friends including you 2/“: thanks for the hospitality tonight. Enjoyed everything ”
RT : Q4: Running with music: is it a distraction or motivation? Explain your position.
definitely keep them coming. They are great!
kids before!' We'd turn into the old people we laugh at lmao!
I just read that!
Hello Chicago! Best Monday special! 50% off any bottles of wine in the menu! Salute Cucina & Wine Bar! 46 E.Superior -Call 312-664-0100
About to hit up south beach
It's a bird! It's a plane! Oh wait.. It's the flying fuck I will never give.
Using your library concept video to start a conversation for digital-ready libraries.
i've spent a good part of my day fixing staplers.
ugh. i guess as long as the men speak softly?
ps - this is a GREAT day for curly hair ;)
Im literally laughing at you
And tcpwatch is still useful, too! Thanks for the great tool!
I'm DJing 's 14th Anniversary party from 5:30-8:30 today. All this sunshine means I'm cranking the soul and disco.
Been meaning to speak to you but..........
#8181818 I ♥ your icon & username :{)
MTTS: Interested in Haiti? Join Robert Fatton & Dr. Rebecca Dillingham for, Haiti: The People, Politics and Plans for the Future on Sept. 25
haha. I wish I could give away iPads…but no.
Not sure if I'd rather be napping or out Dyngusing... Both?
Medical Alert Website is up and running. Let us know what you think! Thanks!
It's sad how desperate I am.
Merry Christmas from all of us here at Brite Revolution!!
Why the hell do socks need to come in a resealable package?
Are you okay?
Must find away, and fast. #lifechallenges only makes me go harder, and smile even bigger.
i know haha, but she had posted pictures of 'herself'...and wow, not a fan of an MIA broadcaster, cheating the viewers!
i feel like that makes the ride a whole lot more awkward.. lol :)
lol I know u dnt want that ass whooping :)
I wasn't, but I think I should check it out now that I am.
loving life..things couldnt get any better! <3
what would you name your direwolf?
lol snoop gone pull a no show
lmao I'm tryna grab some tracks from you
You Wanna Be Loved Stop Bein' A Hoe!
I saw Steve aoki and manu superstars in Vegas last week. I've got skrillex #1 on Pandora. Something about that music....
.. i've heard the Occupiers love Romney.
Over half the #Brewers games were sold out and we can't afford Prince? C'mon, How can this be? www.TopTierLegalGroup.com
I #amwriting posts, poems, articles, and working on a website---in that order. Busy Wednesday!
Yeah, would not surprise me.
butt ur married dude
I'm with you, kid. One of the most clever shows I've watched. RIP
Follow us individually: and ! Also, Steve never tweets, but has a ridiculous number of followers for never tweeting.
you know you've won the argument when Molly tells you to shut up.
my initial reaction to that story: "I wonder who that sample guy is in real life. Mr. First Middle Last Name?"
Just Finished Watching Deadly Voyage...old movie but still great!!!! ***A Job well Done****
I like the way you think.
Unless they don't like that private life of course
Sexy can I!!!
Hide your wife and kids.... is on twitter!
Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it. William Arthur Ward
I woke up this morning with a hangover and a signed Magic Johnson basketball. #itsokbecauseitsforcharity?
Are you ready to drink some more or are you still recovering from New Years?
LOVE that you're a King!! You have such great spirit. Can't wait to see you get some more time on the floor!
“: Strong believer in if you can't handle a person at their worst you don't deserve them at their best. #realtalk”
My family's so awesome, we watch Christmas movies all year long #fromatreehouse?
"if i wrap a ribbon around my finger, stare at an object and count to 30 i'll be sober."
beautiful art! Thanks for the follow :)
boy oh boy ... tis the season to turn up
Bout to turn 25 in a couple hours.........
JH: you should be specific with an employment policy. Perry is running fast and loose.
I just want a thick rican wit a phatty Ill wife it
you got a problem with us? LOLOL
Hm. You think you know, but you have no idea
Cracked My IPhone-.- Gunna Get It Fixed And Giving It To My Brother! Getting A IPhone4!!
Manuel Castells kicking us off - lineup includes Benkler, Monge, Nosh Contractor, Wendy Hall and many others - today & tmrw
Opening and rent audition this week?!
Love your 30 Things to do before 30 list!
your not even my girl and i miss you like this
dude it was great! Better than the first one. How is recital prep stuff?
Work it baby!
Some cool new services are on the horizon. Stay tuned for details
ha nah lol
Universal in their signification
I also grew up around possums, though not quite that intimately. America's marsupial.
#rt #SHOUTOUT TO ALL MY NEW AN OLD FOLLOWES!!!! #TEAMVIP (Very Improved People)
Next Wednesday! Starts at 5pm.
How did u watch all the seasons???
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible. Vince Lombardi US football coach (1913 - 1970)
Thank you, Ms. Anna! I'm excited too -- onward and upward. :)
Looking forward to extending my NCAA pickem lead over and I have some good upset picks for today's games #paint?
I hate that!!! Was it your first cup??
Leaving for the theater. I don't know how to contain my excitement, I might cry.... seriously though. ah !
<---is about to get a shout out on Kiss 97.3! Thanks for listening.
IM HERE NY
* hahaa , i sent you a pic of some medicine . did you get it ?? .
it's nice to see Sup. Deasy is getting innovative.
TY! It was an awesome day! :-)
In case you missed it, the iTunes problem is fixed. Thanks for listening!
poor choice 4"Anybody but Obama"\RT : Its unbelievable a guy in jail took 40% of the Democratic Presidential primary vote...
RT : "Every Saint has a past and every sinner has a future." Oscar Wilde
Tonight I'm speaking on Women in Technology's panel "A Style to Match Your Brand." Do you have a style that matches your brand?
thanks for the follow. just applied to be an affiliate.
Yep, me too. My grandma could have written better soft porn than that. . . .
When you are in Love you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams.-- Dr Seuss
Houston and Dallas seem a lot closer on the map
Happy to be on a panel talking about the humanities in the digital age with and - right now, in fact!
Yassss then they send u mix signals !
Was #ChenGuangcheng wronged by ? We should stand by those who suffer political persecution abroad. #China RT
man i been knocked tha fuck out
So happy Xtina's team didnt win..shes annoying!
we do
I'm already looking forward to this weekend. Lol
Exciting jam in the making, Rotties - Natasha, Maulers - Asa
When did the GOP stop being the party of less government and fiscal accountability and just become the national voice of angry lunatics?
How's the project coming along?
: PGH native to host race for #alopecia areata. Feel free to chat about us. :) We would love your support!
were great & opened for on the #BeautifulFreaksTour! Follow for the latest Action Item news! :)
"Nothing will work unless you do" -Maya Anglou
Terrible way to start off the day...waking up late.
I've had trouble with plants in pots either drying out or molding, but I am no expert.
Do you use Albums on your Facebook Page? Post photos to your Twitter Account? A Portfolio on ?
thanks greg!
Call me maybe at the bar is not acceptable
Try shellac!! RT : RT : My nail polish has been chipped for the past week. I'm letting myself go!
Thank you Aria for the re-follow.
yeah my whole life.......
WHAT'S GOOD EVERYBODY IT'S COLD OUTSIDE BOUT TO WORK OUT STILL C
Watching Al Sharpton on MSLSD is enough to make your head explode. Pass the duct tape!
Happy Leap Day!
150 Pain Management Physicians to Know - Becker's Orthopedic &amp; Spine
I didn't have him #DowntheStretch but did have him on my fantasy team so it was all good!
MY daughter picked out an outfit for the dog and its to big even though its an xsmall
... we've got a huge problem...chicago misses u... please come back... 4 me? RT this if u love chicago as much as we love u
aww ok. I'll definitely be praying for him!
I'm in covina. Ontario was sold out
I write stupid things when I'm not concentrating
A girl asked me today: "What's the most embarrassing thing you've done in public?" I replied: "A goat".
For the Lord grants wisdom! From his mouth come knowledge and understanding. Proverbs 2:6
The Mind is a Funny Thing, Don't Believe Everything You Think.
Tonight's pint night is the duvel art glass:) starts at 6......
Always happy to provide you with freelance opportunities.
Ah. You can't say no to anything because you don't want to be rude... and it's all so delicious...
#Milwaukee is lucky to have the When I was little, my mom and I would always share Anstronaut IceCream from the gift shop.
I take my skills check offs on May 14th, and May 19th I take National Registry... So that means May 20th, you can call me Medic Lucky :)
Studying for my permit 😄
Excellent customer service store Hammond Aire Plaza. Kudos to Bobby Stewart!
I know we have water stops set up; I'll check on maps for ya.
Just another day closer to the end of highschool.
RT : Thanks to #FF, now following
Comprehensive Pension Reform initiative got it's name today: Prop B.
And don't get me wrong, I love Kevin Williamson. But I wonder how much of the script got revised without him.
Phantom confetti still falling at Miller Park. I'll take it as another omen.
I love you too!
nice, i'm watching a movie. so what made u wanna follow me?
Done deal!
members are welcome to come to #RESS event tonight feat. Melanie Healey
but ending mostly on the road... mostly a good thing for this team.
we'll throw a catie carden welcome party if you come!
Headed to #unionsquare tonight to support the new #ows occupation - be there in
gearing up for a busy day of #appengine coding....
what time
My short "Horror Movies Suck" just won Best Horror Short at the 15 Minutes of Fame Film Festival.
LMAO I love you RT : i laugh so hard & loud when i talk to my Brian, bitch! :). my bestie!!!
Acreage Music & Chili cook off tomorrow! Curtis & Luckey headlining, Chili Chicks and awesome chili everywhere! W.acreagechilifest.com.
I've been one of those persons who never goes anywhere without a thermometer, a hot water bottle, a raincoat, and a parachute
its basketball way to early
Sixteen hours, fifty two minutes until my birthday. <3
blacberry Apps you should download!: Opera Mini Yahoo Go Tiny Twitter Windows Live Messenger Yahoo Messenger Google Talk Messenger
Cant wait to see my gurlll Kayla <3 (: Next year we will party.
just saw your movement pass the restaurant I'm in on 18th. March on!
Keep up the good work! And if you want to lower carbon emissions, you might want to check out our climate change program.
True dat! “: wow, Krypto has MAD SKILLZ. Scary skillz, but they are his nonetheless.”
Probably how we should decorate Camp Limbus
Hope everyone has a three day weekend like us!
Air Force leader: Some pilots want to avoid F-22
Haha, so ridiculous.
Lemme check my stash . . Let's see what I'm finna cheef on !
Save Chick-fil-a for Sunday.
And acting alone, accept everything alone
No, i don't know her
What is our strategy anyway?
Me and he was awesome
dis key lime pie bruh OMG : )
angels fly for you Cody :*
aw, that's cute
RT : It is NOT enough to simply "put americans back to work". We need to put them back to jobs with livable wages! |
RT how do you propose we reduce the high rate of sexual abuse in people with #autism?
Thank you!!! beauty! ": Congrats Julia! RT : Just Got Word I've been nominated for another Daytime Emmys Award!!!"
Watching my cat make biscuits never ceases to make me smile
Greatest middle name ever: Waitforit.
im rooting for you gl gl
Love this, Ginny! Hope ur having a gd wknd. :) RT : Know your limitations and then defy them. ~ Unknown
Yo Easter is a lonely ass day when your family is 3,000 miles away :( #Happy Easter
and i don't know how it gets better than this, you take my hand and drag me head first fearless <3
My thoughts are prayers are with you and your family. Please find strength in knowing that she will be in a better place. God bless.
1st day of taking bus to work
Tip for Business Owners : Notice when you have frequent or repeat customers; on the phone, via email, or in person, be aware of the number o
I don't waaaana go to school
You act like that is a bad thing
That's where I wanted to go when my friend ditched me and took the car. We're staying an extra day just to do that next time.
Its all about production and money. #theydon'tcare
Randy Moss
Going out on a date w/ DH tonight- getting to eat gf PFChangs and then see Hunger Games. 2nd time 4 me. Should be a great date night!
"Whatever life gives you, even if it hurts, just be strong & act like you're okay. Cos strong walls shake but never collapse"
You are invited to attend the MVP Meeting Tuesday September 13th at 5:30pm in the Carriage House!
#flyers Stanley cup here we come
Mon 4/23 I'm DJ-ing at this show - Chain and the Gang (feat. Ian Svenonius of MAKE-UP + NATION OF ULYSSES)...
First women subtract from their age, then they divide it, and then they extract its square root.
When is the ring ceremony?? I wanna see the bling!!
yup! we sure do..nothing like it lol
Welcome, darn good idea.
Oh ...we can't stay mad at you. <3 <3 <3 Thanks for the Alec Baldwin thing.
On way to pick up my chuties
lol we rode until it died !
We don't always get the opportunity to say Those Kinds of Things .. I'm so glad that you did.
animal house, back to school, risky business
Once upon a time when you said 'Indian Rights' in Oklahoma, nobody thought we had any. A lot has changed. -Prof Bill Rice #
what can't Adam complain about? ..... Blowing smoke up his a @$$
sorry I didn't get a chance to say goodbye. Had to run back to Oakland. Thx for all the ideas!
Wow this is a great game!
He enjoyed his trip wayy too much.
Is it just me? James Patterson's commercials annoy me. Never read any of his books & commercials don't make me want to start now.
good night.
Posting to our blog Connected Connections. Check it out! www.connectedi.wordpress.com.
Jesus -____- you better tell a cop to stay at your house
it was great seeing you ! have a blast in kauai...
March in National Nutrition Month! Get your plate in shape with these fantastic tips! Got any you'd like to share with us?
: best article in my 4 years here, died laughing through the entire thing
hi michelle, that sounds good
Carly Bales. What's she afraid of? The infinite. Her mom explained reincarnation as a fact when Carly was six.
- Your Tweet Treat will be valid for you when you get back!!! No worries....Stay warm!
Windows Phone!
What in the hell is a "Letter of Agreement"? They write the thing on a restaurant napkin with a Sharpie?
if you creeping creep onn me <3
No longer wants to postpone anything in life-enjoy life now
Ees muy nice! RT : awesome award from its heavy n gorgeous, gonna tip me ovr luggage wt lolz
Oh you are just the worst kind of person.
no it's free :)
I love Jersey Shore!!!! yeah man ;)
Some people r just assholes
:) words that helped me...absolutely. great choice. :)
check out the new background!
got to love the Austrians
Yo, y'all gonna get up off me though. LOL
Now someone wants to know "if the subpeona is ready for her sister."
Good answer :)
been to the last 8 in a row only an hour from me
's Allan Levey on red wine: "There is scientific evdience to support that it makes you feel good."
Why the hell did my parents turn the a/c off ?!
Hey what happen my friend....
Happy Monday! Celebrate the start of the week with us. Great food, hot tables, energetic entertainment and new slots!
thanks for the RT's - Spreading awareness is the first step to finding a solution!
I really hate that Haterade is using the Jordan sick game vs. Utah for a commercial.
Thanks for the props sir dude!
je suis horrible at french pronunciation
Sorry Nathan, the sidewalk sale was over the weekend! We still have lots of cheap books in the store tho!
And definitely excited to see !
Cookery has become a noble art, a noble science; cooks are gentlemen. Robert Burton
Uhh... What Happened To Top THREE? Phillip Wasn't Even In The Video...
If I read another article on how great the Hobbit will be, when it is not even in production yet, I'll puke.
Yup. Whatever you purchase appears in the online reading room, which you can access from laptop, ipad, iphone.
3 soccer game days in a row having to maintain small talk with ex in-laws while maintaining soccer mom demeanor!
JMSR coming soon. Some hard efforts this week, but also tapering off. Timeinthesaddle in the big event. I'm just in the little boys race
Ah… it works, but not in Word97 compatability mode. Gotta be 2007's .DOCM Sigh. Drug kicking & screaming into 2007. :-)
Gladwell is defining the effects of being hit in the head in graphic detail.
Good morning !
the three sided bread
IU you get to meet the WILDCATS today !!! Better send the women and kids home it is not going to be nice !!!! GO BIG BLUE !!!!!
I definitely don't hate them, I'm just usually trying to snap landscapes from straight down. Damn wing is always in my way!
Primo spot in chinatown, right outside urban outfitters w/ tacos al pastor, pollo sofrito, vegan purple potato, and barbacoa. Let's do this
I think the headline is supposed to be ironic. That and Singapore, SK and Taiwan were all historically rather autocratic, too.
They laid them all off, going to an almost-all-news format. Brent is not happy.
Protip for marketers with fake hot chick profiles: Change the default iStockphoto filename. Bush league.
I always assume if anyone is up at this hour then it's pornographic. I, on the other hand, came home empty handed. Lol
It is a disgusting organization of pedophiles. No joke.
I still need my cookie dough that I ordered from him..
that looks horrible indeed.
Today is the last day of the Garden Expo at Alliant Energy Center-Exhibition Hall! Ends at 4 p.m.
Watching "Miami Heat at New York Knicks" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Okc protecting home court. That's all. U live by jump shots u die by em...2nd2none
Schools are rallying to stop closing students shut down a board meetingb
will follow 800 people?! i really hope i'm one of those lucky 800 people!
Two hours away from getting my badass face tattoo! Permanent eyeliner, so not a Mike Tyson!
hey thanks for tweet me happy birthday really appreciate it
8 allows teams who play in non-power conferences to prove they can win three in a row vs the power conferences.
I don't know... heat death of the universe sounds pretty good right now!
Just created a Twitter account for my acupuncture practice. Had been putting this off for weeks!
if its SDPL, they're just happy you wore shoes.
When is yr album comin out?
“: Seeing how bad some people have it really makes you appreciate what you have.” someone always has it worse
Join Paula Musich on May 8th - 11:00 at booth 876 to discuss WAN Optimization.
Hahahahahahahahah bryan-"daddy u gunna have to stop being so mean!" Jo-"I wish I would've been mean to your mother then I wouldn't be si ...
I asked and she was like idk how the hell hahha
First I went to the credit card site & notice there was not a charge for a gift card. Back to I-Tunes site & found I never...
Obviously I enjoy standing out in the cold at the airport. Thanks for making me walk to a ridiculous place and not being here.
thank u baby girl...ur coming tonight??.:-)
Part of why I am curtailing the late night snacks.....not that I have been doing them recently......will BB on later, til then!!
Who do you think would trade a goalie for 17th?
better talk right . don’t let no muthafuckn conversation let you lose yo life !
It's sad that I have to use Hootsuite bc I have way to many twitter names
If U could ask Nigel Barker () 1 question, what would it be? see if he answers your ? in an exclusive interview coming soon!
yeah that's closer haha
Thank you both for the best year of my life. I love you guys with all of my heart #626forever ❤
m-kay... I can totally see myself jacking up my settings doing this, but hey, I'll try anything once.
Total body fitness is definitely the best way to go!
It's Metro Monday at Tampa Bay restaurants. Say "Metropolitan Ministries" at time of purchase - LG donates 20% to MM.!
Getting ready for day 2 Doing Antonio proud & seeing Coheed. Devo should be great 2! -Paul
It showed on MTV so I don't think the video is officially out yet?
so how you feelin
Yes I really do wish to stop following that #loser I mean
well played. Send one over this way!
#Plastic coffee stirrers, unless we all agree to get together and build something magnificently useful out of the wooden ones.
almost to 100 followers (: tell your friends to follow me especially your fans lol :D
You're probably right about the iPad 3 (HD). In our office we really hope they announce a new Apple TV.
Will you Pleasee Follow me or at Least RT this it Would mean the World to me ! :D
That's a little Frankenteiny lol
#otherwise just
Call of duty blackops online killing niggas
Excited to spend time with my dad tomorrow ☺
Good morning, Twitterverse! I hope a good weekend was had by all and I hope your day is off to a great start!
Hey! If we get 100 likes on this we will put up some acoustic songs for FREE DOWNLOAD! Let's go!
#uCantBeToughAndSay I can't find my night light
It's a Vicks rub kind of night. Throw me a bone and let me sleep without coughing my lungs up!!
no we are taught about his life and actions not trivial facts like that
LOLRT : Thought I found some Bigfoot droppings, but it was just an old Us Weekly with Snooki on the cover.
And that is the reality of the 21st century "shift" in education.
please #followmefunnymatt you are amazingly funny
I too love u xoxox! <3 thanks a lot!
no jus being thankful thts all
Looking forward to its rating...
Students have more opportunities to share about a wider range of topics.
looking forward to this weekend with , , , , and !
In South Texas & need some custom tees? Save time, money & hassle & check us out! San Antonio's finest in apparel screen printing.
Client is an hour late, hmm, called and had the wrong time. Awkward, session will be trimmed down because I have another client
Man, COD Black Ops servers are tripping!!! Thanks 3arch for messing up ONCE AGAIN!!!
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. - Bill Cosby
Mexican fiesta with & erin
RT Neil MacGregor has a new book that tells the History of the World thru 100 objects. Big deal. Let's see him juggle them.
We...love....music
Gottah Smell Like Peaches && Cream . . . Can't Smell Like Shit Like The Rest Of Yhall .
what is up with the sound at this thing?
#Smithsonian developing Unit Digitization Plan guidelines for aardvarks to Zorro's mask. Time to par-tay!
Ha! No sum of money could get me in tights
The bloody mary's at #wineanddinewi were superb!
Thanks to all that attended our Cloud Luncheon. Stay tuned, we'll be hosting another soon.
The last 3 times I went to the DC courthouse I spotted a male cardinal perched in the same tree out front. Today he wasn't there.
Deeper Than The Ocean
“: #NoteToSelf, check to see if Bernstein was one of the writer's on Lost #PDXCandide” An excellent theory!!!
8-0 in the early games could very easily turn into 0-8 in the night games!
I gotcha lol
yo bro, which Publix do you work at? and how've you been?
Is Mitt our Baltar?
The PB Marketing Board had a great meeting last night at Bel-Air Cantina. Where's your favorite place for Taco Tuesday?
Anyone here on Twitter engaging in counter-economics? (#Agorist, you know what I mean!)
#Senators make a great trade: losing Carkner for Dubinsky is a big advantage for
Pull my toenails out with pliers or enter my billable hours in for the week. Decisions.
It's not showing me who retweeted me last tweet, so just me!
It's National Kiss Day.. someonee give me kiss :D
LOL look out >> is eyeing your ice cream! (Jason, they are beautiful, happy girls!)
2 points? When did Tebow get traded to the Falcons?
Seriously? is here the same night as heartless bastards... The chances of that are 1/366...
sure, let's go with that
Thanks for the mentions !
Haha 4 in my career. Take 2 hit to right.
#InMiddleSchool - "Hey BT, you going to the Sabres game?" "blah blah blah blah blah hahaha Sabres"
Hopefully the first of many!!!
no doubt
all the guys I have dated have been my height or slightly taller.
and, don't get me wrong,I love Canadians! I'm heading to Kelowna tomorrow for a few days. Your hot girls are actually NICE.
Cool. If you hang out with guys that like Tool it shouldn't be a problem to find it.
: Depends. We'll talk.
Are you meeting fans both Sat and Sun? Kill the fakery!
It is a little strange knowing that a chunk of the world now knows what my laugh sounds like.
So good!! I just finished #Mockingjay. Please tell me when you finish so we can discuss. Ha I will hold my tongue until then..
Basically I just want a job like 's okay that's all I want
Yeah Doe!
The Stress Escape pkg sounds amazing right now! RT It's National #SpaWeek! Whats your favorite treatment to help you relax?
All of us girls have that one "friend" who goes after every single ex boyfriend, or boy we talk to....
BUT We need to let others know what theyR doing They are part of OIL problems & Are funding the
I love giving crap about his love for crap, I mean creamed corn.
lol I bought it like the day it came out when it was on the new and noteworthy list :p
M0J0JUJU same here, but my parents+eric were in the shed #obvismokingweed & I took the beer pong table off the porch.
Isn't there a new teenage heartthrob yet? Seems like he has been around for a year already
ok I just heard you sing wow just wow. Your voice yeah it's amazing
In other non-Disney bashing, brunette problems news: I made the most AMAZEBALLS antipasti salad.
Smooth! Silky, silky!
Oh, Tuesday, you say? Singles' night here I come. Thank you, Sir.
If you have ever used the cell number ending in 8542, it is going offline this weekend. DM or email for other number if you need it.
Dude wow, I did not even realize that game took place at Walter Brown. Amazing how life plays out.
Dr. Oz recommends a 10 minute stretching session when you first get out of bed in the morning.
HEY ALEX HOW DID YOU MAKE THE I LOVE YOU TEXT GIF ON GIFBOOM?
This is true
No problem Dave! I haven't heard about the event yet, but definitely interested. Hope all is well!
Considering my city isn't on the poll.. lol. WHAT CITY SHALST I VOTE FOR?! Tweet me(:
lol okay. I get it.
Thanks! RT: #ff #CRE owner / developers leading the way in social media
": Rev Jackson agrees that it's sad to see people using scripture to defend inequality, including on an issue like marriage equality."
the quick red fox jumped under the lazy dog.
Right. Because 3,400 followers isn't plenty for now. Just give me the lawyer's number.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the mothers out there. It is day to celebrate the maternal bond that is a link for peace.
“: had to post that on my FB! So you'll have a tagged post!” - which one?
"A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way." — John C. Maxwell
Awesome. Thank you for replying. I will send that out to you later today.
*laughs, picking up Minwon and nodsit is then. Come on. We'll raid Sensei's kitchen. >)
Hey tweeples!! Haven't been on twitter all day long!! i have missed you guys! (:
": .... My boyfriend sucks."haha to funny
I don't hate you.. exactly.. oh, no, wait I do.
Get the social networks out, how real is this?
Ya Ex ALWAYS seem to pop back up as soon as u forget about 'em. -_-
why do you have twitter!!?
r u still appearing on mike & Molly or doing other things
I need to stop shopping so much
Thoughts are powerful. What we focus on we attract. What we constantly think about we become. Think Yourself Successful
I've seen so many atrocious websites for places I love lately. Think website dev is at the top of my summer project list.
Sounds awesome!! RT : Gonna try to make a flier design for Giant octopus vs Robot is my concept. Lez do it.
Write thank u notes 2 your best professors. No other gifts required.
MNF= & & #Bears get the W in Philly
It's amazing how many well known brands tweet with grammar and spelling errors.
Things I Learned While on Vacation, #34: Anaheim is not "on the way" to Temecula from Los Angeles.
what a great idea!
Gung Ho! we're watching you
My pleasure, let's make money together! RT : s/o to the commish for hooking us up at the foul line today!
First day that old roommate is gone (w/ her french press) the boil water order is lifted! Hallelujah!
Dammit. I hate awkward apologies for late-night snippiness.
Happy birthday kendall
I don't think you realize what you meant to me not the slightest clue...
The best way to avoid disappointment is to lower your expectations. -itsjustme
Fun :) I just earned the "TCC 2012 Blogger" Badge
It's never done, it's just due. I keep telling myself this.
Looks like he'll fit in just fine. RT : Aoki on fitting in with #Brewers: "My father is a big fan of beer."
i am relle getting into #niallwhipspenis ... stop making me jealous!
the fire was in my building! “: If you want the latest on the high rise fire watch starting at 6am.”
Mad at my hair tho.... Y do u look like this...lastnite u were fabulous...
good morning. is school done yet?!
#NationalHonestyDay Im in love with a straight girl :(
LOL RT : "Inversion of control is really just a pretentious way of saying, 'Takes an argument.'" #nescala”
If people passing away before I can interview them isn't a reason to step up the pace on my dissertation, I don't know what is.
in there. Does txting cost you cuz its in the u.s.? Moving out monday...I have to get out.
"When I count my blessings, I count you twice"~Irish Proverb|(( ))~HvAGr8nite!
it was a virus in honor of Phil Alvarez hitting 2.8 bombs in one day!
This hospital is way better. Much has improved.
didn't know that #CalvinTrilling came from Kansas City. Happy birthday, guy! I find your work both amusing and entertaining.
Thank you! RT : Best of luck at the Personalization Summit! Wish I could absorb all those thought-leaders in one space.
Why am I so depressed??? 😥
#np: Homeboy - Eric Church
The cows that are currently being used for milk, not the millions of cows that will follow to support the milk industry
Inspiring Excerpt – Little People Making a Big Splash
great article dan wouldn't mind a linebacker either!
working on updating the website. More content coming!
We set a date to film the Shades of Purple video, SO EXCITED!!
not yet then huh
follow back :)
#resume #tips A good place to find work is on LinkedIn.com. Make sure your profile has a picture up.
Just got out of the shower(:
A fun way to grab some coffee with your date! “: hosting a home brew class on Thursday 6-8p at commonplace squirrel hill”
seconded! “: Words can't describe how much I love Fridays!!! #excitable”
well played.
damn i feel so bad i didnt get to see u but i snt u my # in a msg txt me whenever
New Arrival Wednesday at Tall Tales Comics!
Need to add "rainbow colored food"
Just got up. But ready to go back to sleep.smh
Always have believed in you, beliebers you will always have. #nodoubt :D
you know it! I'm looking forward to it! The young seeds need to organize a mini Windy get away.
via : Technology makes it possible for almost any place to considered a library
Shes eating her feelings post divorce most likely. but reality is post 25...80% top shelf usually hits the floor and shatters
so Coachella this year huh? Refused back together, Radiohead, million others. I'm going to make a serious effort this year to go
I'm even up before my horoscope ♉😳 time to get today on and poppin
it's in the hands of hotel security now! The front desk can get it for you or find Jena at the registration desk tomorrow
#FF the queen of SWAG
Fuk wit me
-__~._ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
UK still has to win tomorrow and prove themselves. The final four game is still up in the air. people have got to quit jenxing us.
dope. Let's get it!
Thank you! Hopefully yours was still great (:
My husband is a Fort Carson soldier currently in Afghanistan ... So Ditto to your words!!
this is my nightmare
L'oreal Mythic Oil is here!! Get the shampoo and mask set you love and get a full size Mythic Oil FREE with the power of argan!
. & I are waiting on our formal invites to gala, mailboxes are empty?
The moment I was introduced to D.O.G.O.B.G.Y.N., I knew it was true love.
RT : Most of the job-killing Obama has done has been in al-Qaeda.
Is there anyway to setup an appointment with anyone from Bing to review my mobile search Bing API TomorrowBook.com?
Blake griffin a bitch!! Lol
me, my mom, bro& sister are watching tv&there was a commercial for cakeboss& big night came on. I was like THATS BTR! My heart stopped.<3
Hey, are you going to bloggy boot camp in Vegas?
Thanks for sharing out our deals! Much appriciated!
Gorgeous Albuquerque morning, planning a day of gastronomic adventure. By sheer luck we've stumbled upon the NM Wine Festival this weekend!
I still enjoy it. Wish it was returning in Sept, not Feb
RT : He was a GI recuperating at Ft Meade and checked out the book in 1946 before another deployment.
Everybody wants to love everybody wants to be loved
Provide very shallow water dish to prevent drowning. Each species requires diff humidity. Mist tank accordingly.
Bulls 1st preseason home game 2mor against Wizards! See u there! GO BULLS!
i need a singer
oh, someone just moved..now someones about 45 mins away from me(;
Mongolia was a cracker....pretty open where you go to the loo when out on the steppe! Got some great footage, not of the loo trips
Unable to load video..:(
#unfollow Spammers. Its a following cleanup day!
Had a great night with chase willie and Keaton tonight
How fun! Come across any photo treasures?
Might be sad for shump
good morning to all it's a lovly day out side
& Simon's worldview, I'd add. A lot of ppl who've seen what he's seen would de-humanize, as some did in the series.
how about three guys no rings
At MSP in security line with 38 kids headed for DC!
Steve Remember: If You Don't Know Why You Do What You Do, How Do You Expect Any One To Follow You? TY
If I Wasnt Rapping Id Be Trappin If Wasn't Trappin Ill Be Pimping If I Wasn't Pimping I'd Be Getting It PERIOD
if you want, meet me, and at its intermission! :) 313
ah it's so nice out everything is so much better with warmer weather
you said middle child, that means you've seen plenty a performance already. On the other hand. Mommy's presence...
that audition was just for a student project. But i got a audition coming up in a movie with the lead guy from 90210
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Hope it's a good one! 🎂🎉🎁🎈
pretty good
Start explaining to him your experience with child birth.
Follow us on twitter, then come in today for brunch and receive a friends & family discount!!!
listing to issaaaaa an my babiii on atl radio
my friend Jeff got a tattoo at nothing sacred and Todd didn't tell us you were an American idol!! We love you!! Biggest fans!
The memories about "Small Wonder" can only be bad memories.
where you been?
Scared bout tomorrow.
Things I heard tonite..."His hag is in there sweets, sorry."
If you're in LA on Sunday DVR #MadMen & come out to Flappers Comedy Club in Burbank to see me do stand-up for Flash Rave Laff Mob! at 7PM.
their defensive options are shite though.
3.5 stars 2 Mother Earth generated winds...actually very comfy inside the hot box....Kinda giving that morning seaside feel...lovin it
lol :D ok
+1 pun #win ... Spread some GoDC blog love there for the Ghost of DC and have a drink for me :) I'm eating pizza
my best seats left r 2 in 109 row 14 for $50 each.
That place is ridiculously good
Early morning gym, unnaturally tired this morning -_-
Have you seen the 1871 space yet? I'm hoping to get down there soon.
I get so damn lazy sometimes, it's a wonder I ever get anything done.
TCGD EXTREMELY THIN!!!
Pumped for a good night!
It's definitely too early for that. That's for afternoon milkshakes not morning milkshakes.
stay out of my purse, there's more than just butterscotches in there
The Parks&Rec Board meeting is making me sad :(
Thanks to everyone who came out to the gigs this weekend...we needed that. Now back to writing...
You don't have to put your fingers in it
thanks I enjoyed your blog, very good stuff, keep up the good work
I wanna go back to Clearwater with and and get on a yacht and sing "I'm on a boat"
where do you see yourself 10 years from now?
I'm hungry but I don't wanna eat.
NOW SING DAT SONG.
My favorite song right now is MERCY!! Love that damn song!!
why the fuck is Monday around the corner again??? WTF?!
where was the invite to Lucky's last night!?
"God, help me to comfort others more than I am comforted, to understand more than I am understood, to love others more than I am loved."
Come on boys, be nice. Too much drama with you 2!
As #SXSW grinds on, what should we not miss today?
Pretty sure we could get those services for less than a few mill, but thanks for the offer. Lol.
and if it did I wouldn't be leaving my house lol.
Close your eyes Mary Shannon! Lol
I wish I could make Wasteland this weekend. If by chance you do see one for cheap. I'll Paypal you the money an a bottle...
Free ticket to WordCamp Austin to 1st #blogathonatx person to find me (wizard hat) & give secret word: "BBQ." Tag you're it. Go!
glad your ok! :-) im a chevy kinda girl though. Haha.
Preach girl, so true ": He who doesn't have contentment in his heart, is the poorest of all."
Sweet isn't as sweet without the sour.
If there ever was a day to hate being a lady, today was it.
My dreams were all my own; I accounted for them to nobody; they were my refuge when annoyed - my dearest pleasure when free
I am officially in the land of 20 year-old MILFs. Overheard: "I want to party, but I can't..."
what daddy
Get rid of odors your clothes take on when they are locked up in a suitcase, while you explore the world. Has no scent. Leaves no scent.
oh its fine, I'm not trying to be a creep or stalker if u thought that :)
as it should.
Please reply to my DM! <3 (:
That video is insane. What the hell kind of propaganda is she subjecting herself to?
Tickets go ON SALE, April 21st.
RT : Be part of history, follow the 2012 Convention at
Home � Social Media � 99 Favorite Social Media Quotes and Tips
I'm so excited to be engaged! We've had our ups and downs but we are now stronger than EVER! I know without a doubt that we are meant to be!
