looked like a dislocated kneecap, ugh. seen it before, not pretty.
I know that success is a lot more than an excellent thought. It's timing too.
(3/5) Along with financing the production, 10% of your contribution will also be donated to (Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network)
Rat heads get nothing but cheese yall!
#DEFCON demo and talk about vulnerabilities in prison PLC controllers. Doors can be unlocked with a very simple exploit. Interesting stuff
hey im in ocean city n the worst i thought could happen did i miss u n call my cell plzzz
Sorry everyone , , the Derby is in Louisville, thanks for noticing this error.
danka! i'll take all the backup i can get! ;)
m. kiske, noodle koogle, and matzo ball soup. <3 bringing out my jewish side
Got your bitch on my dick
"Mike and Ikes?" I ask, shaking the box of fruity goodness. "I don't know what those are," says ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
you were fake, i was great, nothing personal.
Gmail Changes Again: Google Rolls Out New Look
#socialismineightwords do not think, we'll do it for you.
Dirk Hit With A Tech For Saying Some Stupid Shit!
am I going to see you later?!
I love musical theatre, was just picked up in a chair and carried around by 4 people
I aint tryna go to work I'm super tired
hey.. They're not boring ;-)
I'm amazed every day at how technology is changing the world & allowing us all to communicate regardless of distance or boundaries
I was always reluctant towards Nikita, is it good?
That awkward moment when you try to pour a little salad dressing on your salad and half the bottle dumps out...we can fix that.
- will be at the Baltimore panel on education Wednesday at digital harbor high if you'd like to connect prior!
Fight for your Right was awesome. Different but great. When crowd chimes in "We're the Beastie Boys"
bye bye twitter
Yes, Zack was helpful...and pretty modest considering the success you're having!
Oh, and let me also add,
I'd find something else to have for dinner...it may be a while!
it's the little things :)
You smell.... good.
Lunch break: just, you know, reading the former occupant's Vanity Fair, eating shards of cheddar cheese, inspecting my spider bite.
Good morning! and happy #ff to
RT : if there is anything we learned from #911 and #Tiger Woods its how to fuck someone up using their own shit.
I've never head of this site! I'm always late to the party!
Watchin' a video about installing an above ground pool. Woo. Feel the excitement. =P
Still up but need to be sleep see u tomorrow sissy
When famous people RT you >>>>> especially
Is that a USA chant I hear? #Twins Ha
Calling on all movie lovers with five bucks and a desire to support great independent filmmaking! www.indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
Thanks for the mention! I want to meet you too!
Bumped into at Keeneland for a moment. He was with and special assistant Rod Strickland and off to #UK spring game.
On day 1 million signatures to recall Gov. Scott Walker were turned in, he was in New York City raising money and defending his record
things my mom says after she schools me: "BUHLEEEDAT"
Honesty is the first chapter of the book of wisdom. ~Thomas Jefferson~
Patriots coach, Bill O’Brien will become the next head coach at Penn State, an NFL source confirmed last night
today come by new club in nyc 12am LA POMME. it is a sexy place:)..
I can be a raider fan know!!!!!
Just finished some training and now headed to the gym
Looking forward to it. RT MarkCRobins: Tonight Tweet up, Meet up, Beer For Bloggers, 7 pm The Keg York St all are welcome...
Spending my day wit Death Note ^_^ damn do I wamt sum sweets now :/
I have a good start on your labels. Just working on hogs head. We'll have some rough comps tomorrow.
Good morning! Is evry1 dry?
- Good luck with accounting tomorrow!
That is GREAT to hear. RT : #Bears WR Alshon Jeffery says he's at 212 pounds now. Hopes to be between 215-220 playing weight.
h/w = homework
“: Have to remember the bow tie conversation piece for next year untied” Perfect reason to meet every girl at the party!
I love it when people in front of me walk incredibly slowly and then stop to talk to someone
Had a terrific night with Aldermen Davis, Hamilton, Bauman, and Kovak, and the Delegation from South Africa. Great conversation.
Nope. I'll go back to not caring about hockey for another 4 years. What a game.
#TETC11, if you bring your iPad to our booth (132) we can demo the platform on your device! You can use our wifi for a bit too... :)
Attending the last ARL/DLF E-science Institute in Dallas,TX. Looking forward to a great conversation!
can I jump on that blast?
Big fan myself. I have quite the crush on Emma Stone. -JR
Woot! Big changes @ LASA. Announcing the newest member of our staff. Mark Doerr, Tech Programs Mngr.
I have no school on #FuscoFriday!
$$$$$HHHHOOOUUUUTTTOOUUUTTTT ----> . go.follow.now. please ? :3
tour song is on fellas.... Adele
Umm... good goal?
Dude, don't you live five minutes from campus?
moms always know best ;-)
Our minds are as different as our faces: we are all traveling to one destination; --happiness; but few are going by the same road.
👍👍👍RT : When I'm in #Milwaukee in 3 weeks me and my cousin gonna F the city up. can come 2
Can't wait to record my new single "Lonely World"
ok, so this swine flu thing is scarin me, kaliah and i have had a cold for bout a week now! thank god she has a doc appt on sat!
im bout to take off
RT : S/o 2 My Girl .. Major Projects On The Way...
I'm obsessed with the mess that's America
the very one. I turned around and there he was! His new book is my idea for my sr thesis.
#RihannaNavy for life. We go
of course Im interested
Waah does anyone on campus have an ipod cord?
you were one of the best things that ever happend to me.
#6wordstories Are you sure we had homework?
you are probably right, but we sure will miss them!
This water >
Really? Today's Living Social deal is for a booklet of coupons for 5 Big Macs & 5 Lg Fries? Gross.
check out the twin duffle bag divas !
Discuss. RT : Get over the physical! BE FREE!
final touches on clumps for #OMPF ATL and HOLY CRAP did this take a long time. you'd think this would get easier, but the opposite
i home alone now. Lol
Wow really? All these people making fake twitters to talk bad about someone, get a life.
I hate to admit it, but it does look nice
Good one! RT : Fox is renaming "Neighborhood Watch" to "Avengers 2".
#ThingsweallLOVE being right when someone thought you were wrong in the first place!
Thanks for following back ;)
I'm pretty sure that Pau Gasol hates being called "soft". He also hates actually doing something about it.
NEED JUMPER CABLES, AROUND THE WOODLAND AREA, HIT ME UP 275-6334
The GK Apple Jack: Hard cider w/ Apple Puckers & Jack Daniels topped w/ a Granny Smith apple wedge & an Apple Sour Punch Straw! You love it.
Hi Kevin, great to hear our blog post helped! Thanks for the Tweet!
This is wild! We just broke our record for the second month in a row on site visits. Thanks again to all our fans!
Got "Everlong" on lock. In retrospect it's not as difficult as I expected. Power chord.
More I follow to know what is happening in my profession..., , , ,
welp, it snowed a pretty good bit today...
cheers!<3 bin
yes, you are the one who told me... -___-
yes you did sweetheart. 😊
well no matter when it happens im sure it will be majestic ^-^
You’re far too kind! Which bar was tasty enough to make you tweet about it? :) RT: Sunbelt granola bars are the best
Lights are low, music is bumping.
It's too early to tell for right now, but I think Halladay, Lee, and Hamels match up with Braves staffs of the 90s.
Great day for #avonvolleyball varisty: columbus east invite champs and jv: avon invite champs
They put pickles on chicken sandwiches down here.
Has so many sitcom-worthy friends.
Revenge is never a straight line. It’s a forest, And like a forest it’s easy to lose your way...
go to celts
Jus a peek of Sun in chicks half naked Smh
Kobe....A spa nigga?
Liar? "I've got to take a break, to be honest. I'm not even going to lie. " - Puff Daddy
Odot: all trees cleared on hwy 26. Plows clearing snow at summit.
I'm hot cuz i'm fly
whats your email?
My son was just over 9 lbs but has been slim most of his life. As long as Morgan is active & healthy, we'll be happy.
this has me chokin on my food.
“: G'night. If God allows I'll see ya tomorrow.” good night (:
more to read when im on the shitter hahaha
Tough times don't last; tough people do." ~ Gregory Peck
Now back to my tumblr and thinking bout #oomf lips lol
Transparency is the new black – your clients and audience will trust you if you are transparent
well done son. That piece was spectacular.
Just got caught in a really deep twitter creep. Taking myself to the gym now!
Glad to have a bye-week. A relaxing week in the 505 including a fun batch of action today. Nebraska & Ohio State drop in the polls.
may be one of the best US wine bars I have been to outside SF or NYC. Very nerdy and fun list. I was impressed.
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
Yes 127 = a free t-shirt!
Sick and still attending school.
i should do a music video to swagger jagger.
AMEN BITCHES
That definitely looks like one proud (and satiated) crew!
Austin is going somewhere really fast & he said he's taking me with him (; lolol so, brb
ABBY! Welcome to twitter, are we totally addicted yet? ;)
Oh Annie I don't really need to answer that do i?
Test your blackjack or poker skills at the casino table. All casino proceeds go to benefit the Gildas Club South Florida!
Virginia +3 in CBB is locked in. Really like this one today!!!
checking whats going on with The Twitters!!!
Thanks for the note about ORIENTATION. Please let me know what you think of it. I'm off to London myself in about 9 days...
Thanks for the follow and the introduction! Would love to hear more about what you have going on.
Never thought I'd say this, but
More to come
do you wanna do a tinychat with me i will sing for you and you can sing for me if you want
Everytime someone just walking their dog walks by they get a "dogs against Romney" sign
Swisher Sweet Swag
chris brown is so f*cking talented man.
You got kids yet? Pffft! : Senate GOP kills Obama plan to subsidize hiring of teachers, first responders -
you need a graphic designer? What were you looking at getting designed for you?
I'm just repeating what I've heard elsewhere...
sounds like a real winner!
I once knew a guy who swam right after he ate. He then died two years later of a car accident. Don't swim after you eat, you will die.
#tovote death by chocolate, vanilla bean. Want some NOW!
Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart 💔 - Eli young band... Country music type of morning 🎵
he is quite good looking in that film. I also love Drive and Blue Valentine even though the latter makes me cry like a baby
A storm is coming and it's our eggnog or peppermint milkshakes...come and witness the storm of the holiday season.
RT : It is unfortunate that a situation like this is now bringing people to speak up.
What is a dark night of the soul? A time when nothing other than the very presence of God will satisfy... and that presence seems far away.
RT : event "Are you connected?" is amazing! You should be here! Medina knows whats good for you!
#fringe can't believe this..what r they thinking
We're working away to figure out what can be done with DDOT. No official updates yet…we'll keep you posted!
Melissa Harris-Perry has the coolest hair!
Thank you all so much for the support. We're thrilled to be mentioned!
I do not like that kid. He's the devil
One of my small pleasures in life is to make bread and watch the yeast gobble up the sugar...
don't forget about Jim from The Office!
She ain't you - Chris Brown (Cbreezzy)
a garden state soundtrack kind of evening. On the deck. Thanks
Preciate all that came out to support #Cous on wed. I will be right back there at the steel rose next wed doin more songs. Fuck wit me!!
that's a pretty cool view of citizens bank on your background, where did you get it?
"GET BRETT WEIR I SAID!!!"
"Princess Mononoke" is the film that "Avatar" wanted to be. And wasn't.
He who knows the "why" for his existence, will be able to bear virtually any "how."
Watching Breakin' and loving it. But honestly Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo is a better movie.
vegan mac & cheese with peas! yum!
neat that you got to see him speak though! even though the more I read on linguistics the more I'm not sold on UG.
Who wants to go to The Tin Can Alehouse Thursday evening? My last night in San Diego
Dangg, and the sad thing is, I'm not even sleepy.#6:10am is not a goodtime to get up
When someone you know steals from you it's a knife to the heart.
HAVE YOU HEARD OF/TRIED KOMBUCHA? I just found out about this – sold under the name of ‘SYNERGY’ in Wholefoods, an organic/raw juice drink …
I'm sorry, man. Me too.
Yes!! RT : Top Chef Texas in one hour! Are you ready?
haha I missed that! I was super excited to go, maybe my expectations were just too high.
Wow, that was a rough lose for the Huskies. Hopefully they will still drag themselves into the tournament.
Decided to do a documentary on the homeless.
Turn Mistakes Into "Stepping Stones" To Success
Thanks for the RT- also a cyclist, beer enthusiast. Happy holidays!
3 car accident on la brea pass, after stocker, towards downtown. In the right lane.
Walked in a boutique, saw an outfit, tried it on, and walked out with it...
People that always got something to say <<<<
I'm going to try to use this immobile boredom to my favor & do some useful stuff...I hope...
Trippin at this license division wit ..... these people ringtones off the chain LOL !!!!!!
hm are you the liar in question BRANDON
I'm loving hair in tonight's epsoide of Glee its so pretty! lol =)
he was prob just rattled that not only were his feet warm but he had spots for the first time in his life
I wonder if I can sit in class and just read....what are the chances that she'll notice?
"If ur friends don't inspire you to do better, than you need new friends!"
Ok , I'm really never again going to an audition with the project name being "Untitled PIlot". I really mean it this time.
When I see FB status' about how in love someone is with their bf I want to comment "He's probably cheating on you". cc:
Have a *Clean Monday* for those whom celebrate Lent. Happy Day, LPMR.
been there...ridiculous! aww... look at the baby faced new pic. Cute.
A2 Ancient ruins, margaritas, and Paradise Beach
(If you forget the email address, email your volunteering story to me, and I'll forward/post for you.)
Great time last night. Thanks to those that came out. That was the soberist St. Patty day I've ever had.
There's a general rule that every page on your site should be three or less clicks away from your homepage
It is cold, overcast, and drizzly. Time for (in this order): sweat pants, mac & cheese, wine, blankets, and Star Trek.
Need to motivate to bike to work... which means getting up much, much earlier.
I really wish everyone would use their phones for this.
I know this defys the law of gravity, but I never studied law--Bugs Bunny
mashup with GD&TOP. You already know I'm hype for that lmao XD
just tell him how much you love his banjo haha... and I just realized you have history with him which is even worse then econ!
I'm not concerned about Mitt Romney (and his very poor choice of words).
tickets will go out this Wednesday.
is great. Thanks for you follow.
I love to go to Washington - if only to be near my money.
And as for Luchresi, he cannot distinguish Sherry from Amontillado.
how are we the 14th in the Top 14, but the most expensive law school?
"you turned around and you stole my heart with just one look, when I saw your face I fell in love, it took a minute girl to steal my hea ...
Company Culture, #Diversity, and Accomplishments are some important factors I would consider in looking for a potential employer
Woah.. That looks awesome
I think both of those things can be accommodated. The internet won't be that bad after hours, right?
What did ya'll think of Austin's cover of Somone Like You? ~Sara
Positive changes come from nascent thoughts with right motivations behind them.
Yeah, lions are sick!
The Uncanny valley: something that looks like humans provoke profound revolution. Zombies remind us of humans.
Finished recording today. Show next month. Stoked!
Has your brand converted to #Timeline yet?
I guess there was a chicken at school this morning? I got here late. Hahaha #seniorpranks (;
sounds romantic
congrats on the "new" gig, Brian! Always a good read.
fuck me. so glad this week is over.
slow cook bbq chicken for 6 hours then taking it over to coaches with homemade slaw and dirty rice
Looking forward to playing Breckenridge Colorado on sat!!!!
WOW NO CAKE, NO PRESENTS, NO PARTY, NO ONE SAID HAPPY B-DAY MAYBE 1 PERSON AND WOW I FEEL LOVED "SARCASTIC"
WSJ reporter's saying Dewey DC office has no photocopiers. Attys told to go to Kinkos & use own credit card.
); dont say that. i ♥ you! hope that made your day, maybe it didnt )x
I am biased, but the truth is truth: 's opening statement was the strongest...by far!
&uArr; Take a LOOK Flashlight DVR Covert Cam Protect your spouse
I love and miss the smell of lilacs in Wisconsin spring.
How does an iPhone stay cool..? mine is steaming hot right now!
I have free IPhone4's with Sprint. Inbox me if you want to know how to get one
“: I love you! Miss you twozzz <3 get ready for next fall biotch” yes yes yes it's going to be crazy !!
Ones man wife died and he had to spend a day with her dead body still in the house...unacceptable...a lawsuit wouldnt be justice
good job it looks good so far
Hoyas! Check out #GUASFCU loan rates--only 4.75% interest on a new car loan!!
House Chilling !
My nurse practitioner is so awesome.
RT : In honor of #presconf I have a preservation playlist for the travel to #buffalo, Paul Simon's America starts us off.
Great choice!
Being a lazy fuck
besler picked up a bobblehead that was laying near the goal. broadcast confirms that is what was thrown at his head
Thinking I'm getting the hang of Twitter (: #Shoutout to my followers (: hope I used the number symbol right (:
You make work such a fun environment.
Officially locking down on Dark Knight spoilers from here on. What about you fine folks? -Michael
Watching my fav show.. Intervention
Great Xmas so far. First gift I opened was "This Is A Book" with tickets inside to see at the Keswick Theater! Woop woop!
This sums up my own views better than I could sum them up myself.
Tryin to go #paleo? Grab a bite of granola from : elemental food that tastes great, just like nature intended...
Hey precious gon and back it up in dude voice who single the wobble joint
#DesignBizChat tomorrow. 5/9 10 amET - All abt Collaboration - creating it, making it work, using it to succeed w your projects -join us!
Game #1 Peewee C District 6 playoffs. Kennedy vs Mtka White. Let's go Eagles!
Dang and I replied in Spanish.
Kansas. I love a good underdog
The Fifth Element fan in me is compelled to say "Leeloo Dallas MultiPress"
i opened the door for a lady at the store and after she said thanks, i accidentally said no
Lmaoo i luv that tweet! but at first it sounded WRONG! lmaoo no offense!
I take tweet composition credit for a 1/4 of that tweet. Can't wait to see it and see y'all's faces soon!!!!!!
Relaxing watching FRIENDS an loving life!!!
As much as I'd like to (and could) rip apart Yuni's season, winning is more important. I'll take it.
Pappas: "Prohibition doesn't work" & Bloomburg says that #poker goes underground in Russia via last years illegalization by Putin.
Cool! Good luck!
Ha! I suppose my brain did an edit. I think Buzz should adopt this line.
what happened?!?!?
I haven't worked for the JS for two years. My daily media column runs in OnMilwaukee.com
that's what im thinking.
Good Morning :)
- Dude! I've had one in each wrist for 10+ years. Crazy!
NBC: CDC is investigating reports of a "possible illness" on plane.
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
I only listen to that new 2chainz & Drake go hard. Royale never tell lies!!
true. we r spread out all over the country and even in canada as well.
half a season, just like the transfer rule says now
My lost wallet held my id's and debit card, but dont panic!! Thankfully my library card is safe and sound on my desk.
Saw a nice traffic spike in the library web site analytic today.
Sure! We just need three peeps. Pick a date!
Todd and Elena are on their way down to Hedo today... me?? Sunday... Got another costume ready last night! woo hoo!
Following in the footsteps of one my idols and covering "You Da One" today. Heading to the studio pretty soon.
congrats on a fantastically run, informative, enjoyable event! MIT spirit of mind + hand at work solving energy.
what about HONDURAS?
I'm right there with you. Safe travels. RT. “: Omg nice work on booking a 615am flight. Not smart!”
wtf... what the fuck.... WHAT THE FUCK?! WHY? IS SHE STUPID? Is she on crack? what the fuck.
Oh how i love woods!!!
I'm #LookingFoward to the world becoming a better place
Sure, just tell me which other title you'd like me to tweet about instead of A WORLD OF TROUBLE & I'll switch over. ;)
R.I.P Grandpa, I'll miss you so much and I love you forever.
NOTE: There is NO LINK to this offer. You must tune in to Channell 111 on your Direct TV Device.
Life is a patchwork of friends.
Goodness gracious some people just don't have good sense! Patience & compassion Lord, that's what I'm asking for.
Wednesday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing (all times ET): Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
hell yeah
YOU WON! CONGRATS! email george to claim your dinner for 2!
Thanks for the high-five and Captain Kirk Arthur !
MyMy! What's up?!
One of my grad school advisors suggested that a name (esp daughter) should sound good after "The Right Honourable".
That's it. I need some new heels.
I do hate his face pubes though...
A BIG "Thank You" to for a great season. We enjoyed every moment of it! Looking forward to next year! GO MU!
Watching The Last Song. crying like a baby
Thank you .
Thanks for the RT, Doc!
Tomorrow, Sunday, July 3, 8.30PM I am playing at Fat Cat with the Fat Cat Big Band.... Come and make the hang!
More Fitness Crosswords: What is an 8-letter word for a very sweaty style of group fitness.
33% of the world are christians
Newt & Santorum are Cry Babies, what will keep Pres.Obama from spending more than them, boy will they Cry then, bad people!
Green Bay Packers: 4 Reasons Team Record Will Improve from Last Season
#MarcusThomas75 Firsts! (sorry, I had to)
NFL Tailgate with my brother before
What bands do you plan to see This year in 2012!?
Hoping #Jolene wins the #smackoff tomorrow on the show..."Hey hey hey" lol
I can always count on #NewYork homies to call me for a good laughn...
Come in tonight and hear the southern rock sounds of The Mighty Short Bus, they play at 9:30!
Forvo = best web site of the day, maybe even the week
I MEAN, I ASSUME SO. EVEN RICHARD THINKS SO LOL
If Butler could have shot maybe 25 percent from the field it could have been a different game. Congrats to #UCONN. Kemba Walker deserved it.
You read my mind about the shot! Only problem? It's at 9am!
Didn't like FOTP first time I heard it. It's grown on me significantly. It deserves recognition
one last tweet before my phone gets taken away
Feels good to finally swim in my pool :)
Let's go #Pens! Do it for Pat!
quick question: if we needed to record a writer reading a story for , might u be willing to do it?
Thanks glad you like them.
I can't help it you're always on my timeline!
I love you too!!! Let's hangout soon!:)
Have you ever really danced on the edge? The count of three is up
“: Dear Rose, There was definitely enough room on that for the both of us. Sincerely, Jack.”
I realized why I was shaking. I'm cold haha
thks Bro, much appreciated, but the #grind is just starting
RT “: “You must be the change you wish to see in the world.” - Gandhi #quotes #rocktheretweet RT ”
NOTEVEN. DO YOU HAVE YOUR PHONE? I WANNA SHOW YOU
Time for bed goodnight y'all!
Oh shoot big dyl in the house!! Thanks broz.
please call me im interested in what u do Dean 914-299-6804 thanks
Let the losers worry about losing
Really? Haha riight forgot -_- Wait did the Miranda concert already happen?
Congrats..that's a gr8 feeling RT : I have earned the right to be lazy today!
Oh. My. God. That's absolute insanity. I saw some ranting in my timeline, had no idea this bad! Thanks for ur follow-up piece!
? if something like that where 2 happen 2 me I'd tell U even if I myself knew that I did nothing wrong & it wasn't a big deal
Beautiful thought. RT : anyone who loves us is a gift. im glad you had james.
Cool, thanks. Hopefully we can create some content worthy enough to grace the pages of BrewHoop.
aye i have a game tomorrow i have to be at 820ish so yeah..
i cant stand half of the people in my grade.
Lmao apparently if you ask someone if the find frozen gumbo to let you know your hitting on them sir you 30 someone I'm 17 try again
RT": These #strayfacts are keeping me & entertained. Love it. " FACT.
A great audition + family + the beach = A great day!
I agree on the latter. I don't know if I'll ever get used to seeing #18 in a Denver jersey.
what up bro!
no one expects the Spanish inquisition!
Tickets on sale now! www.ourcityfilmfestival.com
no problem Payton :) miss you girl! <3
I love 8th grade drama so much!! some kids just want attention too bad. #grow up please
#chicago code 3 tote gunz shoot dice
Thank you!! And may we say if we didn't last night: you looked fabulous!
I have that picture too! Jrs days were the best Haha
yay agency clients! i miss spending the draft with them and you
“: Thank you for your excellent presentation on Twitter for Professionals #amasalunch” Awesome presentation!
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble. Frank Tyger
I heart ! Free roundup of upcoming DC events via top think tanks, political orgs, advocacy groups, associations & universities
how fun! Is there a glamping resort there?
How many calories might one burn for swinging for, say, an hour? *crossing fingers hoping I burned off the icecream*
": Fuck watching a porn movie I wanna make one!!! Who's down!!?" Let's make one
Looks like I'm not going to the banquet. Sorry
#kids Children's Heritage Day at Depreciation Lands Museum, Sun, May 6 1:00p: The Depreciation Lands Museum, a living history museum and...
Here we go! Best time of the year
thanks! I think we're stopping there now!
u bet I did!!
"You cannot write for children. They're much too complicated. You can only write books that are of interest to them. ” --Maurice Sendak
Claire Danes stars in the suspenseful new #SHOWTIME drama #HOMELAND from Executive Producers of 24, SUNDAYS @ 10 PM ET/PT after
Accurately counting jobs is do-able to a pretty high degree of confidence. It's accurately counting the jobless that's hard.
I learned to worry bout myself and don't care what anyone has to say to me...cuz yall mfs cant get me to college or pay my bills...therefore
Some say: If you do not believe the end justifies the means. Then you are not a Democrat. ,)
Hey, have you ever heard of this netflix thing. It's really awesome and doesn't cause you to procrastinate at all.
Ok, a real question from a lazy cook. I hate sifting flour. Why isn't it good enough to give it a solid whisking?
Thought we'd let everyone know that our lead actress is now on Twitter, though she's not much of a tweeter.
Ice and Snow Falling here! It is Freezing!!
Just to be clear: I grew up in Alaska, and I love Canadians.
RT : Sorry I couldn't mention anything sooner! Thank you to everyone who has voted for HP ! You guys are awesome xx
Happy 1st day of Spring. Russian River Tasting tonight 5-8PM with Younger, Elder, Damnation, Sours & More.
Wow, looks like the Scientology Religion DOES believe in "Happy Endings"....
Don't worry- next comes your skin... :)>
Soaking up the sunshine on lunch break at District 4 conference!
Like the idea of an architecture of participation
Must see movie "The Back Up Plan" with Jennifer Lopez & Alex O'Loughlin - You will want to see it again.. FUNNY
Love being out in CLE working with the Great team to work with, very excited to have the opportunity!
thanks for the correction I got trigger happy :)
im kinda bored :/ -_______________________________-
This is an intense, hard-hitting game. Gotta love playoff hockey. Let's hope #Caps can break through in the 3rd
Safe travels !
to Portland Oregon from Newark NJ
Henry Winkler was an executive producer on Macgyver.
Whats more educational the imats or make up show?
Love me some
Aang's son and Toph's daughter went out??!
I just tried out my new elevator pitch but the ball bounced off the door and smashed me in the face
You're welcome. High five for the #NOH8 love in your icon!
and Harvey McKnight -- many thanks for your kind support !
hit the Royal Flush on Zynga Poker
you should send Martha in your place!!!! Lol
Sounds like it's a "Dancer In The Dark" kind of night. . .
I have to get up early for church. Grrrrrr my parents make me go.
Oh my gosh, your new avi is cute. <3 Hit my follow button please? (:
Thank you for that kind & touching message on FB. You're a living doll. RT : Happy bday, !!! Hope it's sick!!!
my mind forgets to remind me, you're a bad idea.
Omg somebody please help my dog just ate a whole double snickers what do I do? :(
Also, props to Kenny Florian for pronouncing the D'Arce choke correctly.
I;m tweeting to test some widgets I installed on my home page
R.I.P. William Wesley "Billy" Neighbors February 4, 1940 – April 30, 2012 I sure hope Heaven has a Hall of Fame
I always love this!
how did you FIND me!?
I see. But I'd say source fragmentation has been an issue since 1900s. I thought you were raising issue of preservation.
is financial reporting!
Loving life!
sounds legit I'll buy it! You probably dropped a modified F bomb. But it's all good you can get away with things like that
"Well maybe i’m not perfect, at least i’m working on it" - Hello Cold World
Starting today, reading science fiction and drinking wine on my roof isn't "taking a break from work." It is work, yay!
At the I.D. Street Festival hangin with an old friend, Chef Sam of Phnom Penh Noodle House, my fav since I was 10://tweetphoto.com/32166898
It's basket-trading time.
Good table draw, Gavin smith on my right w less than 10bb and no one has over 50k chips
I don't have cable or anything...but #GoogleTV works great on #ESPN3 to watch the #fiestabowl :)
We are committed to bringing out some of the best artists we can find!
sure! send your address to stickers at apigee dot com and we'll mail you a bunch
And let us not lose heart and grow weary and faint in acting nobly and doing right, for in due time and at the appointed season we shall re…
u n rubbed off on us
Putting finishing touches on presentation for IPA Leadership Conference in AZ end of the week. Speaking about SM and CM. See ya there?
That ackward moment when you get stuck in the window
#DailyRebellion: The next time a man interrupts you at a meeting, put him in his place.
Jackson Co. early voting: Rep. Gov. candidate Perry takes 122 votes and Hutchinson 144. Dem. Gov. candidate White takes 132.
Split advertising costs with the people who sell to you. Vendors and manufactures are always looking for exposure
...have been impossible to wear a bra with too!
If you were to ask Santa for any Ford Motor Company vehicle this Christmas, what year and model would it be?
- The drummer, man. You play guitar like that, you need a SOLID drummer.
Calm down
why do we even go to school tomorrow if were getting out at 10:30. there's no point
Found out I'm getting an Advanced Certificate™ from Pratt, figures I'd forget all about it as soon as my last class ended oh so long ago.
Yea. Bravo. Hilarious!!!
Watchin alone today. (meaning) I'm going 2 have 2 abuse my twitter priveldges today so DEAL...Lord knows I do it for alot of you
since september i been listed, and had it about 4 years
They're suppose to be about happiness and when a bump in the road comes, get over it and be stronger as a COUPLE. #maturerelationships >>>>
3:58pm miami vs kansas st kickoff
RT Today is World Book Night in the U.S.! Who out there is participating?
Pandas are the fluffiest!
Bruce Weber to Kansas State (in case they did not interrupt class to tell you)
About to start a 3 hour meeting that promises to be extremely boring. I REALLY hope something interesting happens so twitter entertains me
If you don't start using 50 Shades of Cray, I don't think we can be friends. I'm pretty sure it's the best idea I've had all year
Ahh! I'm so jealous. In 2005 they came to Minneapolis, MN but the show was 18+ and I was 17 at the time (haha)...
Shut up They're lucky they got that rebound.
so um i miss & already! see you soon, have safe trips:)<3
Found a penis-shaped Cheeto and I was gonna save it, perhaps put it on ebay... my partner found it on the counter & tossed it :(
Love seeing a lady in the cockpit this morning !
Everyone get stoked for 6/18!
thank you sir, obviously because YOU LIKE MONEY! RT : baseball season rolling in you know who I fuck with
old lady told me she was getting a mammogram today. how was your morning?
sf jazz festival opens fri -- olodum, & sold out! Next up: don't miss chris potter underground on 9/25 -- great band, high energy music.
im from good ol' austin, texas!!
...the people that shone the light upon it with the power of 1000 suns
If you have to say "for people who don't know" twice in one minute, it's not good radio.
Last night date cancelled on me and another guy straight up said I was ugly. Think I'll forget with brunch somehow...
I considered unfollowing you when you said it.
Funny how a blazer can change the whole look of an outfit. Its so hot in here I had to take mine off and now I feel a little hoochie-fied
:-) spank you, spank you very much
On a bridge while its thunder and lightining out....
my fault...and
Merry Christmas all! One of my favorite presents so far: Giant 6 oz jar of cumin. M. It's like a cheat code for cooking.
The problem with the Bucks is being in the middle. They'll never get a high draft pick, and never better than the 6 seed. .500 or so always.
congrats on winning the race you kicked butt.
I'm okay, better then yesterday, what about you?
Snow predicted? Finally time to dust off my winter avatar
Seriously, we need UConn & Lville to folo. Coach K might cry real tears.
Im likein dis anthony hamilton album
good ! how about you? :)
Honestly, everything is better with hot sauce. It's just true.
There comes a time where you have to let go
#obama2012 probably clinched NY, DE and California by coming out of the gay marriage closet.
yep, en route to BC. I'll be back soon!
We are excited to welcome , & this week for #FoodTruckFriday benefiting
I may not be the biz to you.. but my momma thinks I made it
Oh gosh, love - I'm no model ! I just have enough confidence [:
that's the thing about people who mean everything they say. they think everyone else does too.
I hope this is due to Saturday night fun and not Sunday stress.
could you guys follow this Awesome , sweet Mahomie (: >>
you a pornstar?
It's burger time 1/2 for $2. Also, sailor William George Stephens I will be home tomorrow after 8 months at sea. Welcome home!
Mayweather walks out with 50Cent and Justin Bieber holding his belts..
what up! love the blog, have been wanting to go the pig roast.
Sabres need to make a move
I'm just waiting until they have to ask permission to publish their work. After all, the PR folks should have input on that!
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday <3 (:
from now on...if you piss me off i'ma just rebuke you in the name of jesus!
I love Fort Worth, TX!!!
#Isles ink Nabokov to 1 year deal, terms not disclosed as per Newsday
Mad props to my #digiteam for being #socialmedia hustlers.
good thing muggers/rapists don't have twitter. :-)
haha, what's up?
Staying in Milwaukee and doing the weekend program. Very excited to get started. Great kickoff so far!
I am going to eat every kind of cold medicine in this house! We
3/4-1 mate, not great. Sent my dad to put my bet on, I'll let you know when he's back! Should put Frankel in too I think
w/e if you say so *Kanye shrugs*
-Thx for following! We'd luv to send u some tunes. Hit us back w/ an email?
we didn't have the appropriate tools Keebs. Otherwise, we could have. Believe me.
Say no to SUM drugs
THE PEOPLES ELBOW! old skool Rock...still can't hold Cena down!
alright... Just hangin in there
Discussion sparked by on need to build theoretical principles/framework for accessible design fm 's tools.
Curtis Granderson = God
doggie ice cream is magical.
leave me alone .
I love the / integration for my blog
Everything looks better with an Emoji 💃👯💩👍👊
- wishing you a successful surgery and a safe recovery...not fun...been there...we're all rooting for you
": Did anyone ever notice, it's usually fake people that go around calling real people fake?"
ah man! I don't think the hours work with my schedule. Bummer!
What r they going to do when every team starts breaking the rules?
Your hair is green, mine was once purple, then fire red.
no.. Never
i hear u. biggest pet peeve
Knicks are on MSG tonight, all NHL games henceforth are on NBC networks exclusively. Rangers are on NBC Sports Network.
Can't wait for sum mcs at Beer Co tonight...
RT Did you know I'm virtual now? So what? That means I can help wherever you live or work! Signed, Your Shin Kicking Life Spark.
My mum turn it off in the car because she says she can't concentrate hahahaha.
Does anyone have an instagram?<3 if so follow me Peter Joan Grande i follow everyone back:) !
So long, We'll miss your crazy.
scratch that. Saved from a cab by refresh! Whew!
Nice to see is making his way back to KC. Welcome back, Johnny!
Just like & other papers can help PreK-3 reading by articles for parents; they can help point 2 #iastem foundations in news
FYI the mobile app lists artists with our booth numbers so it's super easy to find your favorites lickety-split!
OMG! Hot Sunday in LA :) Malibu beach? Yea! :) #HappySunday for all averyone :)
I did once you didn't text back, but besides that, you ain't lyin
I've seen 3 times now 😉 it's amazing ❤ x
Now all I have left is summer skool n 1 more semester...graduation here I come
Omg! when... people think they're funny, but they're just annoying. <<
Fab. Design Tip: Bring in fruit and forsythia branches and place in water to enjoy early blossoms.
My creeping skills have never failed me
#LeylandBall at its best. Win one lose one. Yesterday we won one, so that means that theoretically today we lose one.
Cool. Lemme know b/c I think kombucha making would be a hit.
My ears hurt, my throat hurts, my nose won't stop running. Fucking allergies!
it's 's birthday. Please wish her a Happy Birthday?
That sounds great! We're looking forward to coming out to the Music Joint this weekend!
And tell me that we belong together.
If you use whiteout to erase people on facebook and twitter you might be a digital redneck.
Umm...we might be related? Hah where in Crockett County does your family live?! I'm here now..
Stayed home today. Watching #DeadlyWomen with momma :)
Hm wait a minute!
Is there a 5th floor of Sardis?!?
follow me ??? please ??? pretty pretty please?? I love you ! . <3 please please please :)
Well I wanted to go out tonight, but this rain is currently pissing all over my plans.
#ThatsATurnOff when she is missing a few teeth
Yeah buddy! are in the zone!!! We're going streaking!!!!!
White ppl always have them corny love line... ugh
Thanks for the mention and support.
I def think I will! Especially bec I keep on having issues straining muscles while running so hopefully this helps!
In finally heard my song!!!!
but I used the Internet so I cheated just like what I do with my hw
I think I just stepped in some Nickelback.
i need you here with me now. . .
Jesse, I think you're amazing just the way you are now. Laughter is always great and we all still have that inner child.
after dinner let's braid each others hair like we're eleven but have big girl deinks
seriously diana!;)
thanks so much for the follow & the support, we plan on doing some giveaways so tell your friends!
Sapient is hiring; all geographies, roles and domains: marketing, creative, PM, business consultant, developer, technology architect, accou…
return the support, follow back! (:
As long as the economy continues to improve no GOP team will beat Obama except Jeb Bush/Condoleezza Rice and they aren't running.
I want a restraining order against winter. Unless it's like a #Law&Order restraining order, meaning the cold would find and kill me anyway.
happy 63rd birthday to ! doesn't look a day over 30! :-)
Haha puck lost in his shirt...I mean sweater
i LOVE your shirt(; lol
awh thanks sweetie
Who is coming to Richmond for the Installation of the Virginia Eta Chapter of #PhiKappaPsi Fraternity? April 21, 2012.
'if her shoes light up #shestooyoungforyoubro ' god ol' jersey shore
wait the Komets will be back next year right? I moved to Indy so I'm outta the loop
Me and Jaime are getting an apartment this year. (: going to Chavez (; band equals sacrifices
Soccer practice in a few
you know this! Thank you!!!
We’re having a chunky vs smooth #salsa showdown! Who’s the winner?
OR do you know who they mommas are? How many shits do they take each day? How big are the vocalist's balls in circumference divided by four?
I Might Slide Through The Bar Or Some.
ah ha don't order in the am less likely to be good
extra point is good!
I got ya covered well-deserving citizen
First truly spring-like day. Enjoying muchly.
No School today YaYA <3 :D
Dorothea: "I hear, Julia, that Lord Broadland has proposed to you. With his reputation, if I were you I would hesitate before accepting."
what are clothes , never heard of em'
CAN'T WAIT TILL TOU APOLOGIZE TO EVERYONE BUT ME! Hahaha you're a fucking joke. That'll show me who's boss
maybe it's just a cheap jersey. From a general sports store so not a rare specialized thing.
Am i loitering if im waiting for some one
Who will star in the Kim Jong Il biopic?!?1?!
#girlswithnoass don't have cellulite.... I do have an ass.... I rather have boobs
Also, nice rhyme.
In colerain for anyone in the area interested in getting tickets
I am way to drunk still to b trying to move
Budget budget budget!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU CRAZY PANTLESS BABE!
Oh boy. What did I get myself into?? Lol. dance studio to take class w/ jaime rogers...
Thanks to i cant stop watching 's videos!!! hahaha :) hes so cute xD
>>> personal trainer.
im at xalos in anaheim brotha you?
Yikes....coyotes are all over by my house
Hey Everyone! Be sure to watch Nevada take on Southern Mississippi in the Sheraton Hawaii Bowl on ESPN @ 7pm CST/8pm ET.
There should be a moment you have were you say "Brunette Moment" cause Ive seen some pretty dumb ass Burnetts
RT : I gave that bitch some toilet paper and told her she was the shit
Good Morning, My Dear Followers! Wish You Great Day (ПРЕКРАСНОГО дня!!!)!
We have to hold the banner during half time for the Bobcats' show. Fun but we'd rather go eat a cookie.
<trying not to laugh out loud in front row>
There are 2 types of shows: the trade shows you are attending and the trade shows you want to. Ask what shows you target market attends?
My 9-yr-old loves the Flintstones! Kids will get it.
great job Luke!
Oh, I knew you'd have the answer!
I hope had nothing to do with the Indiana State Fair event.
So what's your plans for the day
Just completed five articles on dog nail clippers. Some fun, huh? Next, am going to do some work on one of my sites - on cures for headaches
Hey put Volcano fillings in a Cool Ranch Shell.
I don't think any city has ever been happier for rain.
very healthy!
yes it was a humorous take on how gay guys confront sex and technology
sorry been busy (imagine that) 12:30 is good, just waiting to hear back from hubby on locale!
Thanks for the RT about our Sweepstakes!
We had an AWESOME time! Thank you for everything. Talk to you soon!!
Because he's starring in a futuristic porno this summer.
thanks for following
lol ikr...I was having a good nap too. Couldn't even be mad lol
Thanks! We're so glad you joined us on Saturday night!
I am no longer responding to by order of
Kevin Quigley: NPCA will commit to promoting non competitive eligibility.
thanks glad you enjoyed it!
Drying my hair (:
your welcome!! mines pretty good so far how about u??
Interview for what media?
There's a followup meeting next week at has 15%-off coupons for the boards. May be a group forming here.
HMM, NOT SURE! RT : Do you know what they are going to put at LaBrea & Fountain where Jon's used to be?
have a blast!!!
Otp with him , so GoodNight
": Shes the best!!" thank u thank u u far too kind
Oh and the cd is a collector's item! There are only 300 in print and the packaging is ecofriendly! So cool! Thanks again to
Amy Adams lied to me. Singing a song about cleaning does not, in fact, cause your apartment to be cleaned.
<3 that's so cool! <3
I notice everything , I just dont say shit !
Earlier today I participated in a focus group at ! Great ideas and a Great time! Brought back memories of my Site Specialist days!
So who all is coming to #health2con in Boston? I'm trying to put together a twitter attendance list!
#wewasgooduntil You talked about me. While I was right there
hey boo boo
oh i guess that's a little better
damn. Your boy is going hard
At Angel Stadium, watching the Angeles vs Braves. Go Angels, I take it the rapture didn't happen or I was left behind.
Oh pop punk. Dead genre is dead.
just sang one of my all time favorite songs
Life is a constant journey !! <3
Orange juice with pulp >>>
if we twitter enough will we see the top of the bottom of the mountain someday? no one knows
There is an inevitability in living life for the sake of love. Chás This...
12/17 3 days! Thanks for the advice! I hope I follow it!
Really wish would follow me!!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 81
where you at? I'm almost outta here
no you don't blackberry phones suck
RT : LAREDO! Tonight, join at AGAVE AZUL... at COSMOS.
Cough cough liar.
and so begins my last week of work at the library. I'll be unemployed by week's end! :(
My art-directing debut: "FROWNING" at the Atlanta Film Festival! wp.me/p1iOCN-9n
Avoid wishful thinking by identifying risks and learning how to place realistic expectations on your projects.
A friend is looking for an apt. in NYC to swap for her 3-bed apt. in Copenhagen (Vesterbro).
Check out this blog for a great Kombocha squash recipe. It's that time of year! Go to the Farmers Market Uptown for one today!...
oh wow! thanks for the article!!! looks amazing!
tomorrow when is on #iCarly i'll probably pee my pants. their terrible acting will get to me.
PXY Jingle Jam tickets before 7am. When you hear Lady Gaga "Poker Face" call us!!! These are exclusive Party Pit passes...up close
he is horrible.
Every time I park in the garage at work, I say a little prayer that I'm actually in a parking spot.
you can easily regulate anything if you have a
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention "Does the make my butt look big" :-)
That's a common view of Landmark Education, yes. And, that doesn't match my experience at all, in any of the courses I've taken
Very...convinced of Nashville's music scene. Wow.
beauty wins!
Bless your heart Dad for a super Mother's Day! It's still your night tho, so come in for 1/2 off your man food - tell them 'wendy' sent U!
Well not quite. But I at least know I can generate more interest than I thought I could. Got callback for third interview.
"If you don't think every day is a good day, just try missing one!" - Cavett Robert
mitt romney said President Obama "wants to take us backward", BUT it is the GOP who is already attempting to take us back 100 years. NO GOP!
LOKI YOU GIVE ME SO MANY FEELS. YOU'RE A FROST GIANT?!?! WHAT IS THIS MADNESS?!?
Where did Danny Woodhead come from, like all year? He's playing well...
have fun! wait till you see our newest addition..
You and me both. Looks like Arsenal is probably fairly safe in that No. 3 spot.
didnt you say goodnight two tweets ago?!
do it! Would love to read that...
Well, s belated "congrats" on passing the French exam! *Here's to hoping for a miracle in the form of passing the Spanish exam
Tonight Jack Daniels presents Shiny Toy Guns
Have been given a room. 11th floor. The view is spectacular!!!
i just feel like lisa did not act professional at all and therefore shes out
Moist as a Snack cake !!!
I think David Hammons would be my choice.
and I couldn't be happier.
what is twitter jail ? Sorry I'm new to twitter -.-
Frustrating customer service experience from #Bestbuy #fail. Rep transferred me to ask a question and they didn't pick up! Call terminated
Isaiah 28:16 If you are relying on someone or something other than trusting in God, you are building your life on a shaky foundation.
G I know this sounds lame; but have you tried the Dunkin Doughnuts coffee.
someone bring me a new wardrobe and shoes please.
So cool that there were so many ppl in my living room tonight for an online concert! :) The UK, Canada, Italy & the US were all represented!
are y'all going to the meet tomorrow
Reggie Evans questionable for Game 7 due to injured tailbone from flopping.
I love music every song i listen to takes me to an new world.
hehe my crazy weird perverted little mind <33 XP
You brought down the house yesterday at the event. Impressive work, my man.
Right!? RT : Creating a social media presence is essentially an invitation for dialogue.
r u headed back this way yet
I am excited to see #J.Edgar tomorrow. Too cold to walk to the theater?
Oh Thanks to Google I now know. And um . Eew.
Is a phone call at 1 ever good?
People in your circles can re-share your posts outside of the limited audience that you shared it with.
Thanks for the RT and helping us spread the message!
I hope by some miracle you remain a Charger. I enjoyed your play and of course your ever changing hair style. Gregg Cantor
#hth2012 Yan: 7 Wonders Poll (despite professional criticism) made huge nationalist feelings (and tourism industry). Crowd-sourced zaniness
Enjoying a wind down with some à Deux red tonight. It's just an easy going red that you can pick up anytime at a reasonable price.
Bad that my first thought was Palsgraf? Train platforms are risky business... better stay home, Phillies fans.
done and done :)
Shocking but his tweet mentioned Derrick Lee.
LOVE the Foucault/Borges reference in the taxonomy!
So fun that #MetsAreBetterThan is trending in NY. It's not April anymore..
yup me to
looks like studio A at the village
lol where did you work at
On tap for today: #Schubert & #Corigliano. Oh, and finding tix to 's "Pearl Fishers," which opens this weekend!
South Bend makes a top ten list: Cities for cheapskates
Still enjoying cool weather in southern california
#NACUA kicks off compliance workshop with one of highest turnouts ever
You're gonna kill! Break a leg!!
Hungry, ? Craving #garlic, #bread, #pasta, #mozzarella, #sandwich, #bolognese, #lasagna, #pizza, or a #calzone? We’ve got it all!
when a boy truly likes you, he will do anything possible to talk to you, and see you.
#lessexcitingbandnames Nathan Dog.
I was leaning towards booting her off bit beating her.
Peeked at some of my old boxing videos... sigh. Makes me want to get back into it...
did ya know female koalas have 2 vaginas and the males have 2 penises? lol
Hanging out with (:
well....am sorry for bothering U...but live your life...seriously be happy..the life is gone
It's never too early for venison.
I keep thinking is Scotty McCreery... Well they are both amazing<333
www.scoresluda.com Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! you don't stop. You keep on. You don't stop. Ha!
Omg ._. I didn't recognize your number, THAAHAA. Sorry.
Sounds cute! I haven't seen you or in a thousand years.
took a couple days but yeah I don't want a 24 inch one lol.
BREAKING: owner of Muskingum Co exotic animal farm found dead...some animals still on loose
Thanks for the RT/mention!
Excited to have you! RT Excited to be speaking about Social Media 101 at the #nciv1story conference this afternoon!
to all u haterz do what you do i ain't gonna waste my time on u !!!!!!
cant wait to have sister time and the tine of our lives of I can ever get though this traffic! #daytonbound!!
It is a good thing MSM isn't doing their job, they don't know how well Ron Paul is really doing thus keeping Rom/Oba in the dark.
Have you ever had a dream in which Capital appeared?
i like this color on you...
Help me, Twitterverse! What is your favorite iPad app for Twitter and specifically for tweeting at conferences?
love the about section. Great message!
Hahaha, no its a fact(:
How are you feeling about the #NBA team signups and resignations?
Delete from facebook : done . Delete from msn: done. Delete number from phone : done . Delete from heart : ERROR.
They said they down for the team but playing two damn sides
Time to unzip these pants into shorts!
": "The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." - Ayn Rand"
Don't forget to mark your calendars for the 3rd annual crawl on May 26th. #librarians & fans of #libraries are welcome! More to come!
Dolly Parton. FTW.
how much do u pay for what you're on? And how close are you to a border town?
luv u too
OPM looking at student hiring to help share message that working for Feds is cool
Apparently Brad Pitt is going as Kato Kalin to for the night
Question of the day: What was your favorite game as a child?
i think i need have some fun what should i do on this rainy day?
LMAO KOUTR YOU DID THE RIGHT THING RUB IT IN HIS FACE NOW HE HAS A PISSY FACE PUT THE DAMN SIT DOWN NEXT TIME LOL
Crunch time w
Mama is off this week, giving thanks for all of our twitter followers and family!! Have a HAPPY THANKSGIVING!!
RT : introduced the ZeroHouse 2.0 model home in San Antonio. #SunPower systems on the roof increase
Thank you! <3
Somebody text me
I really need a lesson in cutting mango. It's probably not as hard as I make it.
Wow... someone's PROUD to be a "Certified Porn Star"? Dr Phil.......
This explains a lot about what those geese did to my car. RT Birds have no bladder. Their urine comes out in their poop.
Did you know we sell antivirus software? Avast, Avira, Malwarebytes Anti-Malware, SUPERAntiSpyware, and often for less. Home and Business.
True. Hopefully that won't be too much longer now. I think once book 2 is out, it'll go thru the roof! NY Times Best Seller!
In a rush, whip open slider, run full on into the glass door. Classic. Cant help but laugh at self. Priceless.
RT I'm often asked why anyone would choose to be gay. Well, for starters, the food is better.
We will be releasing an app update next week.
Spark has joined IBO toolbox!
Lalala avoiding my homework.
you said you would like me better if i didn't always try so hard.
The movie "Enough" is so damn intense.
1450 AM. Right now! Do it!
half-day. & now i have two AWESOME sandwiches.. life is good. (:
I just received my goodies from and the lipgloss is phenom!
Take a picture of your face!
It's so late but all I wanna do is listen to music
"Dildo and Anus" is exactly what we musicians call it :P
ha! You have long been one of the funniest people on my twitter feed - seriously so happy to have run into you yesterday. :)
New fav "to do" - check out my friends weekends thru Instagram on Sunday nights
That makes two of us! Thrilled to join the dev team and can't wait to make an impact.
My pleasure, David...NY was sunny today, so not too bad :). Hope all is well in your side of the world!
Def Leppard was right then - Love Bites!
Nava is batting sixth? This is a thing that is happening?
"7,200 men a month knowingly purchase sex from adolescent girls in the Atlanta area" - applied sociologist in ATL
a solution to your multiple twitter accounts problem. Maha on AppStore. And it's free today.
I'm trying to quit cold turkey but I've got all these leftovers in the fridge
#FF looking forward to #SummoningTheSacred next week! Peace...
studying for finals is as much fun as banging my heard with a syphillis infested koala.
Saw Johnny depp's doppelganger today. So naturally
afraid for my poor iMac's life. please don't die!!
Freak Fest is usually the Saturday before Halloween. Tons of bands, tons of costumes, tons of alcohol. It's great.
aw shucks
The thing that hurts the town in their "quest" to enforce this new rule is that they are telling the bars that they can .....
"Back to life, back to reality. Back to the here and now yeah"
25 Stunning Stats of the Royal Rumble
Integrating apps with the #salesforce Nonprofit Starter Pack? any integration with client services? would rock
Konichiwa! Long Time I ahven't Been on Twitter..
I'm all for that. But if the gravy still flows, what would inspire them mess with the variables on empire they already have?
Bitch is so used, I wouldn't sell her in a second-hand store.
the haters are going to hate...don't worry bout none of them the #whodat nation stands behind you 100%
All our beers in bombers will rotate through on tap. We simply don't have enough capacity to keep every last beer on tap full time.
I want to know who has gone to any of the concerts for the Better With U Tour, and is it as amazing as i think it is? i can't go to one):
Who likes morning beer!
Which school Angela?
rock, pop, rap...oldies mostly. Only a handful of country songs I'll tolerate & they are older.
Thanks! I had an amazing actor playing my fiance... Maybe you've heard of him? He's kind of a big deal!
Sounds like my dad. He's such a knit-wit.
updated A meteor has only destroyed one satellite, which was the European Space Agency's Olympus in 1993
Ur mommas so short, she was sitting on the curb swinging her legs...
my world is turning upside down. my relationship with everyone is changing.
that is an excellent point.
Nice timing on #JoePa cover! No renewal here!
well then I guess they are good for you! Panicked person on a plane is never good.
Good luck to us!!!
We're having a Gov2.0 #barcamp in oakland June 4-codeforoakland.eventbite.com--wish you could come!
Busy here too, except today was the last day of semester, should free up some time!
I am tired of Mike Mayock spilling the beans on these draft picks. He's totally getting inside info. LAME.
Yes, and we know that was lie, just like Ron Paige, GW Bush and NCLB. I worked for HISD for 1 yr. SO dysfunctional.
#Preds are gonna beat down Phoenix tonight!
A huge series win today for the Bat Cats against #1 LSU. Now UK is in 1st place in the SEC and possibly #1 in the country again. GO BIG BLUE
yayyyyyy i just got booked for a big commercial.... details coming soon!!! ♥ ya
Derby Street Greyhound Race Tri Super carryover currently is at $19,298.00 and growing!
Better half laments lack of space after acquisition of the plum drums, but is enjoying the cushy drum throne for his horn pursuits.
Is anyone covering the Democratic candidate Joe Donnelly?
Free Mobile Service - Free Estimates - Rock Chip Repairs.
Step into my world and see if you can even stand against the gravity
librarian in makerspace = guide, resource person, co-learner. Just like in other venues, no?
#hatjoke by prof emeritus commencement
Let your friends be the friends of your deliberate choice.
Kinda like this: 1) Start Royals Blog 2) ??? 3) Profit!
Again, while I'm on your side- aren't concessions the only way theaters make money? (PS- I love holding hands!!)
Watch tv with my friend Jack we watch the movie "just like haven" I love it !
madison langley game was terrible we lost so hard
“: (817): I might not remember all of last night but I clearly remember the part where I humped the mailbox.”
Bulls actually, my mother is a Taurus -->RT“: RT if you were raised by wolves”
Just got my VIP to Hopscotch! is going to be worth staying up for!
Yeah, I'm starting to use instagram a lot. I'm still getting the hang of it tho
But I like to keep somethings to myself
Blessed to have such a wonderful girlfriend by my side.
Ms. did you get the latest video I submitted?
Going to Tampa for few days ! Looking forward to it !
how u like being host? Do u think ready to be a server?
Bruh females and celebrities...yes we know you'd eff him, you slick a hoe lol
I'm feeling like the fuckin man!!!!
she's my music enhancer when the music plays she's my dancer when i'm around her everything's faster every question i have she's the answer
Writing my Art History paper and drinking beer from a coffee mug. Yep, staying classy.
If you're not at the gym then where are you
she may need directed to your fridge of goodies...it has saved us from a kid meltdown before!
Working in the southern bridal show!!!! :))))
haha noo. you were the first person to talk to me! :P
The fact that I already have two strikes against me is a huge strike against you.
Awesome. Danny Granger did, in fact, make the trip!
Wow I Wonder How Princeton Reacted . . .
doing an interview for UTEP's The Prospector about Terror Eyes, would you mind if I asked you about what you like about them?
Ayers: "Deans and Presidents love this stuff." Agree. Also librarians. And Good Samaritans who swoop in to help:#NITLE, DHSI, THATCamp...
Omg me and the are in the same state eeeeppppp :P
Watching Girl with the Dragon Tattoo!
Some of us feel bad about it in the morning though. Not saying I do. But some guys.
#thingsthataresexy need i say more ;) love them
Have you seen the iPad Mini? It's a phone too.
Thank you!
It's EVERYWHERE! Have you seen it?? Kinda freaky... & have released the video for 'Turn Me On'!...
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. ~ Theodore Roosevelt
explains why I got t.co link to sfy.co link; one blocked, one not. Gotta be careful with RT then
You have a great weekend too! I'm in Charleston attending a board meeting. Gotta love site-seeing. Weather here is fabulous!
you're ligit!
RT : Declutter your inbox with sweep: Tell Hotmail to move or delete newsletters automatically.
Barman Owner named it for the Bison Grass spirit Zubrowka (only place in town with it). btw thx teacher
Suggestions for our fall & winter menus?! Both drinks and food! What are your favorite fall dishes?!
I've only had to do that's few times and once he contradicted the agent, who was pissed.
same over here. Relieving tension with a few rounds of tic tac toe with B. Start fast & finish strong.
Dear twitter followers, when flips her hair, does it make YOU overwhelmed?
& you're over here asking me what my tweets are about. Check yourself.
Microsoft ’s partnership strategy: we ’ll take what we can get
can't wait to see you Tuesday. :)
I told them I could sell my iPod...but they said no :c
Have the Nobel prizes been awarded yet for this year? My discovery: When your chocolate syrup bottle is almost empty put the milk inside it.
Tell em Bun B. JUST LIKE THAT
Best attractions: Constitutional Walking Tour & Spirits of '76 Ghost Tour! www.spiritsof76.com, www.phillywalk.com
Timing critical on deals.
Need to figure out a way to get Wedge Salads in the vending machine at work.
things are good - I see you survived another TT pre-draft special! Hope Paul and team Wilde and your girls are doing well!
Take away the letter "L" from Nahuatl & you get ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs/word-concepts!!
I'm very simple.. all I ask is be real wit me n ill be 100 wit u. Cheatin is kid shyt n I'm grown. If u wanna do somethin different say that
Filling in at the anchor desk tonight on 12 News at 6 and on 12 News after the game. Join us in 10 minutes and tonight around 10:30!
Taylor Swift >>>
That moment when you go somewhere looking like crap and all of a sudden you see everyone you know.
Congrats, Ryan!
who is the most annoying person in the wwe
Too many thoughts. Sometimes I say too much.
Everyday gets a little harder, when people who you think are trustworthy won't be there really
lol thanks I'm gonna need ALL the luck in the world!
haha I figured what a dick
extremity: something that is extreme: the farthest part
So jealous...": Just played the marvel mmo for a while. Nerdtastic!"
The speed of time is one-second per second
Nah we have enough bologna words in the dictionary.Ush is in there.You know "I'll have the Ush"that is why other countries hate us!
he should let you read Romette and Julio. It's really good.
Happy St. Patricks Day!
PETA is coming after you of you're not careful
"I think anyone would've been a better Rosalie than Nikki Reed." "Bitch, please. You just jealous."
RT : Attending Gazelles Growth Summit in Orlando. great line of up speakers including Chip Heath (Switch) and Liz Wiseman...
If people find the sites you tag to be interesting, emotionally engaging, or timely they may follow the trail back to your site
Thanks everyone for the #FF today...
Don't celebrate others pain and don't be part of the gossip Ugly inside makes you ugly outside Focus on love and the light
All mahomies should go follow she follows back (:
Moore is perfect 4 New Orleans. They use a unique blocking scheme for Brees to open passing windows since he cant see over t/ line
During these elections, don't forget those running for San Diego Judge.San Diego Deputy DA Gordon Peed is the ONLY choice for his seat.
I just bought one of your shirts im so excited :)
I hate this basketball game. I'm switching to the radio. I can't watch this trash
why are you retweeting me?
The ego is your self-image; it is your social mask; it is the role you are Your social mask thrives on approval. It wants control...
The Summer 2012 Olympics start in 15 weeks! What's your favorite Olympic sport to watch?
It's always weird when your playing poker w some people they go home & sleep & they come back next day & u still playing.
RT : Do taco Tuesday pacific northwest style with our crispy Idaho stream raised catfish tacos!
Filmed my first commercial! Fantastic Experience!!
“: "Sometimes you just gotta go black on 'em" // Lessons I've learned from Alex Gee =)” Hilatrious, Will Choi!!!!
NO she is a self absorbed bitch
I seriously believe over half my readers of my fanfic are me. :P
Hello! I'm here!
Check out our single "Vibe" everyone!
Julian: "My Milkshake-" Am I the only one who heard Julian say that?!
thats a #win.. need to put that on your careers page
What doesnt kill you only makes you stronger.
Happy 18th birthday Terrence!!! You are an amazing influence to me. There is no one like you. Have a good cake day!!!
Fighting changed me and I came to realize its not the hurt that changed me it was the battle wound I acquired while I try to fight, and lost
Eastbound and Down west coast style.
My 7 month little brother"sings"everytime his taking a bath. Its cute so I was joking around and said his gunna grow up to be a singer:D
Damn. Karmin can rap with the best!!! She got
Yeah. Hawk fans can stfu now!!!!
lol, well whatever there is for us to do in Chicago is cool with me
SOBER = Staying Off Booze Enjoying Recovery
Thanks so much for the mention.
puttin in hard work Sinsay Palmer
Smoking on my roof >>>
Supermoon Virgo Full Moon Magic at 11:10AM PST tomorrow! What super-spiritual spring cleaning are you going to do?
Beg for my forgiveness? I'd rather you beg for your life.
I love love love crackerjack marketer john. Hope all is well.
I do mental housekeeping today. I clean up any negative thoughts and let them go. I make room for new positive thoughts to live in my mind.
I laugh when I see someone tweet a complete lie, do you think people believe your bullshit?
Well, that got out of hand. Real quick.
seriously. post it lol
I ain't scared! Punk self
Today was a short yet long day.. Got a nasty NASTY headache & I hope these new meds kick in soon.. Sleepy time for me.. Nite peepz..
Jaden Smith was lookin pretty cute .
your tweet inspired my own #LAKings #Instagram tweet haha :)
This Cinnamon Toast Crunch made me feel better <3
Ha! MT : Lady at store asked me, "what does (#) mean when my son types on FB?" She shows me: "#MyMomIsWhack" Me: "Oh, nothing."
follow and submit your short film or promo to and he'll post it on his tumblr page. Everyone's a winner.
I hope everyone had a great and blessed Thanksgiving,
's version of "walk with me lord"...love love love this version!
The artist is not a person endowed w/free will who seeks his own ends,but one who allows art to realize its supreme purpose through him.Jung
The more we live -- the more we learn -- the more we know. Happy Wednesday!!!
Totally forgot I had an English project
I need 44 more followers 2 900 & 144 untill 1000 so if i get 12 followers each day for 12 days then i shall have 1000 followers
Celebrating the birthday of one of the most brilliant innovators of our time, the ever great Steve Jobs.
I miss you to
I'm sorry I don't give two fucks about yoursb or anyone else's relationship
where are you located?
welcome to Twitter!
can you ask Ari what the sauce is on the sausage/goat cheese pizza at tiny's... I am on a mission
LOL go inside the Hotel cant u??
Im at and let me tell you it is really pretty here..... This has to be the first time i.
#sweaternews sporting his blue strips, a favorite around the office. Goes well w/ the black rimmed glasses. Nice work, dude.
The air had it coming, too.
I choose to interpret this as a metaphor.
kids up
"That's a great name for a novelist or a character...Bryce Harper. Mhm. -Vin Scully
You'll be the prince and I'd be the princess...... Romeo save me!
Moving on to gaming in online STEM education at #sloancres live panel discussion. Scientist virtual role play!
Selkie-cat has discovered all the short-cut buttons at the top of the keyboard i didn't even know that i had. she's genius.
Thank you :)
Going to follow some followers of =)
i know man! Im excited!
Aroldis Chapman warming up in the pen. Maybe the Brewers can win 1-0 in 15.
#boniver concert with and co - #yeahyeahyeah so excited!
Hey this is Stan from the studio the guys told me you had a tour yesterday, just wanted to introduce myself
wish you guys were in WI with us.
LOL - that's not nice....": RT : "The Artist" is the ultimate fantasy film - a world where the French are silent."
