It doesn't take an hour and a half to deliver food. Step up your game Pizza Hut.
And good luck on the CA exam! I took it last year. Let me know if you need any study guides.
Sarah maclaulin coming up
You ain't gone give nobody the business. Just runnin yo trap
It's been more than 5 minutes...😁
At Applebee's watching them Laker boys :)
Hmm..match postponed until Sunday..interesting
And that would be because I hadn't followed you back yet. Problem solved. :) Email coming soon!
That Elton John Pepsi ad is the worst thing in the history of things.
Tonight at "Hump Day" Penguin Wednesday's. and spinning, bottles available, no cover!
so cute! Want it ASAP
RT : I'm giving away my awesome Syfy USB Flash drive to someone who retweets this note by 5pm PT on 12/16 - instagr.am/p/YxHQg/
Accused killer-kidnapper: I'm not a monster - Houston Chronicle (blog)
Presents unwrapped, dinner eaten, nap out of the way. Onto dessert and heavy drinking!
too classic! I got some of her songs on my iTunes waiting to get on my iPod lol
The meat is starting to fall off the ribs put the first layer of sauce to smoke through the meat another hour or so and its grub time!!
hmm I think u r partially right on this. Both his father & him were called 'Pops' but I also do believe he was called Junior!
Happy Valentines Day from DWC!
today is my birthday and it's a big one, I guess
#myconcertdemands blink 182 at jones beach, ny
#FF a lovely jewelry designer
Great site. Will have to talk to you about setting a dig lit site up at if you're there.
Thx for 'Liking' us!
of course we'll help you out! (:
hey, who can I contact about an interview?
Those annoying girls that you can hear over your music even when it all the way up. Like seriously I can't hear Cody, stfu!
& size matters at the palladium! Cant wait!
Lol at least I have a chance ;D
The sexiest black man just gave a white man his number and I'm just like.... Hi hello I want it too!
Nice handle! Looking forward to your red and green chilie pepper news.
Menon: identifies with Chinese identity and culture that forms it
When you hear about the Great Traditional games in College Lax, one of the teams is almost always Johns Hopkins. JHU vs MD Sat 6pm ESPNU
sitting in my car parked in my garage to tired to move : wonder if my bf will come tote me in the house <3
Vega Communications collaborating and Wordpress-ing with Get Known, Get Big Marketing
New developers are registering to GIS Extensions Market, do not be late to attend the community.
elmwood park is dead as hell, never thought id say this, alsip is better
I'm glad that the one thing in the world we disagree on is our taste in women. Good thing you were never my wingman.
Police are showin no mercy in my neighborhood. In 20 mins I've seen 4 ppl get pulled over lol glad I got a ride home
Massive tunes out right now!! Big Up All Junglist!!
RT Lol can't blame you they even talked about Jesus - U good?
Of course. The slut takes him. Again. Alicia Marie Riveria, you better watch your Gawd damn back, 'cause you're about to get stabbed.
I've always been feeling guilty about pampering myself 'coz I look at parenting as a responsibility & it should always.....
To those who do Blessed and Happy Samhain and to those who don't Happy Halloween
On the menu for tonight: 5 v 5 soccer games for the boys in Boynton Beach and an assessment in Delray.
#swsxi good beginnings: laughing -squids. Good people. Glasses/monocles. Tacos. Rain. I dig it! Watch out mañana...
. . . filmmakers and freelance writers. I won't work for content farms nor compete on price. But many/most seem to.
IT HAS A COMPASS AND A TRAILER HITCH. WELL FUCK YES
I Love You O - The Network will Soar with Edgy Original Daytime and Primetime Programming - Build Your Network to the Fullest.
fads happens throughout history. Look back at telephone booth stuffing, etc. it'll pass over then a new one will pop up.
I'm doing good! How about yourself? (:
Follow up: Is it possible to balance advocacy for thtrs and protection of audience?
Melissa, while you were busy giggling from the back of the classroom, Rolling Stone was giving 's #Trespassing 4 stars!
I THINK JUSTIN BIEBER IS WIERD
2 Thumbs Up
thnx for the follow! We serve your beauties quite a bit! keep on doing what ya do!
how would I get a WWE superstar or to speak at a school?
I love how companies send free shit to rich people who can actually afford it instead of showing class & doing a contest for average people
Aw ok when gettin here?
Hey, now, who what now?
Want to be #amwriting, but my brainyparts are in no shape. Starting tomorrow, I get back to my original 3k/day summer #wordcount quota.
420 is everyday
that movie freaks me out
Mom wanted to see 2 movies so im paying :')
How do you create community? Put the needs of the team ahead of your own.
Too late lost it all!
- I ♥ you and your heart of gold (or platinum - whichever is better). =]
Gnarly wine! It is Lagunitas night at Cooper's Tavern!
I was always there for you..
Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority
I just stopped watching last weeks Shameless to turn on the #cnndebate. I immediately regretted that decision when #Romney spoke.
We sippin goose girl, we gettin loose girl. So why don't you sit up on my lap with that caboose girl.!(;
Part of me thinks we invite Spam by being on Social Media - but then you get Spammed Hard and you're like What the....
Hi dolls! I have missed you..so sometimes don't exactly go the way we would like...but that's no reason to stop following. Your dreams:D
I know, I rule
I respect my brother yet he treats me like crap and talks about me on facebook.I don't get it and it pisses me off
I don't like u can buy cubans. Then u torture us with pictures
And even more: Banana Foster Ice Cream, White Chocolate Chocolate Chunk Ice Cream, and Pumpkin Pie Ice Cream!! Don't miss out!
is checking my work emails before I get ready to go to work...how lame!!
Signed a few books and talked to my publisher. Good things in the works.
Do you watch NHL at all?
and never cause i dont own a computer :(
haha! Close but...I'm wearing B Sherman mod target t and shorts addidas untied.. picked it up in hawaii... UK/CALi swag!
I've been known to go by myself to see gems like Fast Five or 21 Jump Street. I'll watch anything w popcorn & Twizzlers!
gonna get my dance on tonight at Stoney's Las Vegas. Bring it!!
I love MJ, but this video is shame! He never wanted to give his fans video like this!
Anything with a "deadening grasp" that isn't Adam or Maggie Walsh is fine by me. I like it.
Nice... Boulder's own!! RT : Congrats to on #tourgila win! GC win!
your a fucked up muthafucka but funny as hell
I kept thinking it would be cold today but then when I walked outside, it was beautiful! What a great place to live!
#xam11 another long day of information download and training! Lots of good vendors looking to win our business!
Crnko: from Slovenia has been a hit! Inviting with personality and finish. Kind of like the last dinner party I attended. ;)
Great afternoon of riding
brand is dead as is, could be converted to niche community (entertainment?) and rebuilt.
not if you sing them some Vicente Fernandez lol
623-255-4088 ext1 mst ask for Dean, lets talk about your needs and go from there
The awkward moment of c'in da person ur n luv wit&they're wit someone else. Do u say hi or give them da same treatment they gav u, Move on.
My mother on Jenna "she's like a Saturday night live character! With that bad hair and everything!"
look:Linux Kernel Developers with focus on low power, code optimization, drivers, Android
glassmeyer.com via iPhone. Posts r ok, but sum embedded links r dead tho didn't try all. Great to see in mobile format
For anyone at Breakthrough VII in PR, if you are reading this, you should find me and give me a hug! I have one for you!
Life is sometimes like filing for bankruptcy, forgiveness is a fresh start.
Anyone know what the avg FT% is during close march madness games with under a minute to go? Seems like almost all the kids miss at least 1.
Happy Friday, Tampa Bay! Tonight at dusk you can catch a FREE movie on #Clearwater beach (grassy area by playground). They're playing
I don't bother wearing long sleeves to bed anymore, because my hair keeps my arms warm.
If I told you I can read minds, you would swear I'm illiterate.
Will someone please help get to 300 followers? I'll dm Austin & Alex for you if you promo them (:
Pace Siegfried Zielinski, can we have a magical approach to media technologies?
At #MusEdTech with , who is currently explaining and the difference between it and
Brick City, MA.
I'd take away cancer.
T Holt. What up!? U kill it on when u on TV. Course u always loved to chat it up lol.
We're talking #Zags #Mariners #Whitworth #Shock and #Seahawks tonight. Sports is around the corner, come hang out at 5 & 6 on
Haha wow those went fast
Did pretty good for the one inning I got to play
thanks for the
presenting "Solve Your Content Crisis" in just 30 Minutes! Don't miss this session folks at
and are too kind. I simply do what I can with what I have where I am. Thank you both.
Thanks for the
Any happy hour specials tonight?
Over 8 Million views!! So proud! LOVE YOU <3
Went to Frys Electronics in Roseville Ca yesterday-funny, the guys all wear white shirts & ties, the gals wear T-shirts what's up with that?
So does that mean it's also sensitive on the outside and manly on the inside?
“: oh foreal what type of job u doing” gas turbine engineer
Getting ready for Meg's soccer game. Hope they win one this season.
Oh. My. God. Becky, look at her butt. Tunechi! XD
Thank you!! RT : happy mothers day btw god bless you & ya son.
hey tweeps, who has the hottest cyber monday deals? :-D
All the guys should have left.
Increasingly convinced that Philly is the place to be for civic hackers. Supportive gov't, engaged tech community, hard problems to solve.
Wow I can't stop laughing this movie is amazing!!! Good job and
About 3/4 way through FLEDGLING by late, great Octavia Butler. Anyone read this book?
Did you know that improving Keyword Quality Score can lower your cost for Adwords & improve ad position? Want to know how? 1-866-258-5511
You are very welcome! How could we not do a little something for one of our favorite guests?
can I get a followback?
[Donations] have been coming in nicely. I want to express my thanks for two contributions of 10 cents each. That was thoughtful. [1945]
Taking off for LA tomorrow, I will be in #santamonica all day wednesday at pier 59 studio
Twitter has hiccups again. *blowing up paper bag*...........BLAMMO!!
after you duck taped it in!!! How has it not died?!?
Gym Gay Bingo Hump Night Maybe the weather warmth will seep into the night's happenings. Word.
you deserve a big OK HAHA for that one lol
Congrats! Exciting.
Go Wildcats! (That's for all my Duke friends...)
and I hope you guys have a safe flight. Enjoy australia!
Just watched Footloose. Can I have a crush on Kevin Bacon now or is that gross?
Yes I'm still going
day made!
Christina Milan's Daughter is Beautiful.
my umbrella keeps flipping upside down
#NineLives was so good tonight!!! Can't wait until next weeks episode!!!
are you back in twon this weekend bruh? Cuz i might go paintballin
Nice piece on our #MLK TOD in today's thanks to .
funny thing is, that was not about you hun, thanks tho. and controlling bitch, yeah, totally, yep. ok
After this afternoon I've concluded that editing is possibly even harder than the actual writing part :)
Life is like a backyard; if you don't pick up the dog shit today, there will be twice as much tomorrow. Be proactive & live better.
what about for ps3 elite??
Ha! Just landed. Guess what? Rain!
Eagles defeat the Giants 17-10.
beautiful day.
<3 you know it :D
see you bright and early cubey!
“: Why do people with braces smile the hardest and show the most teeth?” sorry...
GREAT MOVIE!!!
Runny nose. Meow.
St.Pattys day oh yeah. Have fun and be safe.
no problem. And thanks for replying. We didn't find your Twitter handle on your website.
He is an above average CB, which is about what you would hope for by a 2nd round pick, so rate it good pick but not great pick
If you need to talk today, text me. <3
Where the heck are you? Missing your witty tweets.
Whoever said "You can't judge a book by its cover" was obviously not an author. Every author knows covers sell books. www.lindaswift.net
is gonna be a great concert!
#GoSpursGo Beat the Grizzlies!
I think i"ll watch the #superbowl in #Mexico. Indeed, #margaritas!
subway is better
@ home with my dogs
I love yo dimples when u blush(:
indiana stucco contractors, stucco contractors indiana, stucco companies indiana, indiana stucco companies, stucco repair indiana, stucco
is a great business in Illinoise! They support and sponsor PC artists!
What is this thing called ... morning ?
thanks for the luv sweetie appreciated
Just read all of your news/stalked you on Instagram. 1. Your RING! Gorgeous 2. I will be praying for you these 2 weeks. Oxo
Remember, all our sound effects CDs are 70% off on Monday -use coupon code CYBER28 at toxicbag.com
I always tweet a shit load during 2nd period. I just have so many thoughts that need to be shared! #MaybeIShouldWriteABook 👍 or 👎?
make me!
New Yorkers have no shame. And a lot of game.
Thank you for the #follow Shoutout!
YES! :3 I talked to like it was the first time we met! it was cute! i love you!
Oh, okay. I like it for some reason. I guess, because I can relate to the characters trying to become actors.
#Hispanic community needs 2 DISOWN #GeraldoRivera, talking bout Black & Brown ppl need 2 stop wearing hoodies
I Sent It ...Did You Get It ?
That was the right move. Stand strong.
And that was today's Irony Report, brought to you by the Taxpayer Watchdog Carl DeMaio. Because with watchdogs like Carl, who needs robbers?
Thanks for including us, great content!
I love my boyfriend so much
got you love.
Part of my test this Friday is capitalism vs socialism. Get ready to get torn apart, Mr. Marx.
maybe not then. Burbank to JFK. Looked like him
is up and at 'em! Off to for my live 6:40 a.m. segment! Check it out if you're up!
This hurts. Like I'm not even mad. Disappointed. Haven't felt this bad since we lost to MTL in '10.
If ya' havin' #WOD problems I feel bad for ya' son - I got 99 problems, but gettin' fit ain't one .... Yep, that totally just happened
tnks I learned a lot from this post
I wish Oprah had kept her daily Talk Show on abc. I miss it.
When doing a Phase I, check the insurance of the company. If they don't have at least $1 million in coverage then your report is not valid
yes and they will never know what im going through
Getting ready to ramp up for next week.
need to differentiate your brand from your competitors
Can't wait til' 4/20... Every potheads favorite holiday...
: I bet Indiana Jones is terrified of you!
Any fun pumpkin carvings this year? Tag us on your photo or post on our wall so we can see!
How cool would it be to reach 2,000 Facebook fans by the end of the week?? Let's make it happen by Black Friday, big SALE to come!
why are you watching that?
ppl wanna chill @ my crib… im trying 2 get out my crib… um What the heck!
I still can't believe that facebook bought instagram for a billion dollars!!
A big salad a day helps to curb unhealthy cravings!
Nolan Reimold may be the best player nobody knows, and nobody cares about.
I say, "carrots are so good for you. They are do dense." She says, "yes, they are. Just wish they tasted like chocolate." ....
RT Heat Coach Erik Spoelstra concerned about "ignite-ability" of Brandon Jennings......valid I'd say :-O
I tried buying an Acura with my AMEX once. No, they didn't take American Express, only Visa.
OH: "I always liked the brawny lad."
Don't try to figure me out because u never will....
How much do I love 's location? Hahah
Just finished putting the finishing touches on a Press Release about Lazer Frenzy winning the award for Best New Attraction at IAAPA!
oh you make me so happy! :)
I just love Elektrolytes.
Angel Pecan goes yard!
oh lawd, I'm drinking lol. I can't recall the exact verbiage right now lol. Hit me up with that tomorrow
Good Morning Tweets waking up very early this Monday morning...
I'll take it!
For the first time in a very long time, I have no idea what to do.
Regarding Avoiding Litigation: a contract signed by two guys named "itzy" and "cinamon" might end up in court.
Tomorrow is Take Your Daughters and Sons to Work Day or as it shall forever be known: When Worlds Collide.
lol I dunno if its u or my cell but changes pic from hat to brown tone pic lol
: Need a great suggestion for a light but filling pasta sauce? Anything outside the box you can suggest?
Agreed! RT : Tilted Kilt Girls are hotter than Hooters girls.
Please know LifeWay hasn't done this to me! However, it's a blanketed pressure in the publishing industry... and MANY authors are under it.
Internet outage? I could not do that. Wait, did someone pay you a million dollars just to see if you could do it?
hey! wanted to know if you are going to be at #Leadership on Mon
EATING NOODLES AND A WHOLE PIZZA MAN I CAN B A REAL FAT PERSON
Use Soovle for keyword research. Try it if you haven't yet.
Did anyone else use to watch the power rockets..
My roommate went on a religious retreat last week, and comes back today. I took the 2hr spark notes and watched The Passion of the Christ.
Best video game? Modern Warfare Bree
There's always time for metta and Thai Healing Arts! See you soon!
Switching It Up Today. Jerry Springer Show
Leg raises!
I made a deal with myself--if it starts raining while I'm locked out on my stoop, I'm going 2 start drinking this beer straight out growler
You can go thru a red light too. Ppl talk about this issue like it is so dangerous. It pisses ppl off because they "cant" do it
Hey Josh!!! So good to hear from you! and Aloha : )
You should consider wearing something from my clothing line on 106 and Park. I'm in the D so holla at me for real!
You're a bad person, and I hate you. Don't have kids.
You Doing You, Is Way Diffrent From Me Doing Me.
hopefully soon, we'll hear from her
Smokin on some purple is
thank you!
Pattie, Jeremy, Kenny,Dan, RyGood, Usher, Mama Jan..& Scooter. ,i thank you for everything.
It was a CBS/NYT poll Romney 46% Obama 44% among women. I don't think that is possible but still freaks me out maybe ppl lied
Halfway through the week!
RT : Such a good tip! I recently made goat mousse & piped into halved fresh apricots & drizzled with truffle honey.
I'm listening to some old music , wondering to myself where the fuck did music go wrong ?
have fun dude. Go Crew!
did some things you cant speak of.
Awww thank you ^^
enjoying this time off...relaxin and watching tv!
Ladies, inappropriate dress is one of the ways we undermine our credibility with management or potential clients.
I think i wanna go see my girl today
GOLF IS BACK!
Exact same thing happened to me. You get it fixed yet?
Text me back!
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
so you must be familiar with The Stanchion then Laura!?
I'm about to be a guest critic at an art school critique... fun to be back in this context.
works w entrepreneurs, for startups and Microsoft pays him to do it
RT If Yuh Want A Shoutout. (MUST BE FOLLOWING ME) Hurry! I'll Pick The Winners!
My cousin just asked me where I wanted to go for my birthday, MIAMI BABY! ;) Haha <3
that is a tough call...
Thanks, Christine!
doing .NET/JavaScript by day and Haskell by night so far is working rather nicely to keep me programming for fun w/o it feeling like work
98.8% of Data transferred using P2P networks is copyrighted!
which movie ?
#ThingsIGetAlot....Are you mixed with Dominican ???
redline is packed all day, also the Howard park and ride is full everyday too.
Looking forward to the Manny Pacquiao vs. Margarito fight! Pacman should dominate per usual.
#Bucks and #Badgers doing great!
i think I really like this kid <3 but not as much as I love
The ability to see order in chaos is called creativity...
There's something 'bout love That breaks your heart It sets you free There's something 'bout love That tears you up You still believe
I'm so sick of hearing about Dwight howard right now. Great player, but he is being such a baby.
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome. -Samuel Johnson
Man that's coming along great! I'm so excited to see the completed piece :D
Ewww you're like 40 you can't legally wear Hollister anymore.
SOTU - Sorry Mr. President, but education reform by way of competitions won't achieve educational equity.
Thx for messing my day up even more anything thing else u wanna say to me
Thank you for my trending topic :) I'm so blessed!
RT I ♥Music House.
thanks girl!!
Great to have you following us, Tara! You have gorgeous skin. What is your skin care routine?
Happy Green Tie Day to me #fb #postgradproblems h/t
kk see u tonight
Table is super tight now. Raise and take it for about 10 hands straight.
Text your number backwards and say "This is the bizarro you."
Where can I find your latest writing? What are you working on?
Why are you tired? Oh I'm doing good just woke up. :)
you're not following and you didn't tweet me the hashtag thing... so sorry, no numbergame
RT If u can believe in your heart that your Faith is correct w/ no proof required: you're ready to rise to great heights!
My babe might be coming home tmmrw ;)
Wonder if I should fix my hair for the water park tomorrow? Hm.........
Bumping some Miley Cyrus jams at
Having to do pointless things when I have important things to do makes me really frustrated & cranky. So far, today has made me very cranky
aint shit here either. We need to hit a club or sumn
I'm at a bar with chairs made of actual car seats. I'd take a picture but I'd probably get punched in the face... Only in NYC
All answers lie within the Quran. But which question are we talking about? : )
I hope so too. Be well!
I think you did!
Convent the thought.
Great show tonight... RIP to the golden guitar
Hey, it's 70 in Seattle today, so...
haha crazy in an amazing awesome way lol
Thanks for tweet w/ depth. Irony exists in the timeliness of Twitter.
Halloween Cutefest postponed until Sunday 10/30 due to snowy weather. Spread the news! Hope to still see you!
On the road! Next stop CSR!
Diamond Dallas suing Jay Z. Thoughts? Haha.
Chicago was crowded for me and the traffic felt like I was driving in Khi :/
Psyched to take part in the Dance Teacher Summit again this year!!
thanks Zaccc<3 what are you gonna do today?(:
I cant go to sleep
Even back in CAB, used to hear some cauldronites repeatedly yell "Vermes must leave", don't hear that one anymore. =)
What's going on, Twitterverse?
I'll have you know... is very qualified to do Orioles PA. He already introduced more talented squads this year for
I actually love Britta. I get her. We are similar in many ways.
A PICTURE IN DESPERATE NEED OF A CAPTION.... :)
is a total puss, but is dying in 20 degree weather.
Today is my last day at work b4 vacation to Alaska & I am NOT happy to be reaching for the kleenex box every 15 minutes. Bad Body! No colds!
Love builds bridges where there are none.
I'M SENDING YOU GUISE A FANBOOK OKAY?
We might call them "rare" diseases, but totaled together these conditions are common. 1 in 10 Americans has a rare disease.
Just found a huge stack of notes taken at restaurants. Does that make me a huge nerd?
cold I get a rt from the future ncaa champions =BBN
I'm looking to hire a part-time marketing person.
Looking forward to #taleoworld in a few weeks - esp how the buyout of Learn.com is going to play out w clients #Taleo. Great news for us!
Thanks for the follow!
Dude so thankful of my Nanny if I miss an episode of Big Bang Theory she always catches me up on it
we are what stranger
I'm wit u Flii Stylz...throw the word the word hot in there too and then we got a funeral lol!
makes for ugly fingertips but easier playing ahaha
#chatcrashers club w/
It's so quiet and peaceful and tired when you are up at 4am waiting to buy Beerfest tickets.
I think I just overdosed on garlic. Oops.
is KQVO on the air?
Pimp chronicles >>>>>
lighter later means less time on the computer, more time outside? Is the drop skewed toward evening hours?
#repPaulRyan is like the high school nerd who was picked on and is now taking it out on the poor of this nation. He is pathetic!
Where there is no belief in the soul, there is very little drama . . . . Either one is serious about salvation or one is not. An
WOW. Congrats and thanks for all you have done and keep doing for Kansas City!
we're awesome
Suddenly the Indians are battling uphill.
I sprayed perfume on that I hate so I #run #faster. Just another tip for Wednesday. #wisdom :)
Good morning, DC! How are you on this fine Friday morning?
Did win the viewer appreciation prize?
It's just not that hard to drink a whole bottle of wine yourself over the course of a whole evening.
You fight the change! or fight for it !
is that supposed to surprise us??? lol
Thank you Warren Miller! That was a great surprise auction item.
I know, I love him and I don't understand why. He treats me like dirt but immature girls like gold. Like wtf.
Is Steve Jobs going to have to take a pay cut from his $1 annual salary now?
Keep an eye on your mail! The lecture posters are out. This year's theme: THINK.MAKE Exploring the Art of Craft in Architecture and Design.
: ) CHECK MY PICTURE : ) DMS OF SOULJA BOY :D
I know so yep cum on wit it
Another thing to keep in mind is that sometimes these things take time to catch on
i gt u
Cascade Florists has more than flowers-- We have balloons, gift baskets, and more for all every occasion! Celebrating anything this weekend?
It's sad you don't see what your missing... But the day you realize it, it'll be to late.
When I my parents divorced...you were the only way I could have survived that. And I thank you so much Justin. I love you!<333
Does any Political Journalists or News Junkies want to chat about the Pres General Election between Romney & Obama?
Some people are just so...BLARGH. -.-
We experience Czech culture/history & language Take the journey!
yeah they're making it
Jennifer is thinking about why things aren't changing: where's the passion? why aren't we throwing the tea overboard?
Decided to try and carry on my Alvarez (guitar). Got through security with no problem, just hoping Southwest will not make me gate check!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
thanks for RTing that at the right time I almost forgot!
No brakes, I need state farm.
I love how I met your mother. Slap bet slapsgiving..is..legen wait for it and I hope your not lactose intolerant..dary.
Started working out feels Hella good bout to get toned
School was created to socialize
On call for 7th admit? Don't mind if I do
kiss me that song u like
#GeorgeLindsey passing away really saddens me. People like that don’t come around this world nearly enough.
I highly recommend films by Ousmane Sembene. I did a report on the late Senegalese filmmaker back at USC. Wonder if I kept a copy of it...
we're in NY and Italy. You?
I follow 2 cats on twitter and ! How crazy is that ! Meowww
yeah. Honestly. I'd like for them to move here. I'm selfish like that. Lol
#DuckDynasty My new favorite TV family. The Waltons meet ZZTop.
+1 to situ city. It's a good one.
yes!! I was just reading about this today.
life aint no joke so hell is a comedian
Shes single because she has standards. Knowing what shes worth & she refuses to settle for less than she deserves.
. Costs of shelving/serving p-books in Paul Courant study 2009, older OCLC Research study has acq/catl costs
i want more followers. follow me bitches.
Love it when your wedding song comes on randomly! Thanks
I'm so excited to see Jimmy Kimmel next week in LA! :-)
Add to todays numbers: Unemployment is now down to 8.3%. This is nearing original stimulus projections. Coming back!
Thanks for checking us out Mark, we're seeing a huge spike in student internship research right now
Trust No One
- that is one cute #Melinda u have there... :-))
A week from today on Sunday Oct 2nd will perform at Hotel Cafe at 8pm! Can't wait to sing for you!!!
I'm a sleepy pup... Not so sure I will make it through this #Steelers game. {yawn}
It's almost Mother's Day!!!
I hate when I forget my headphones.
it was under and you would do that to me!
walking for right now. very excited to see him win AD 79
Did you know that children get arthritis? Nearly 300,000 under the age of 18 are affected by Juvenile Arthritis. www.healthfacts4all.com
Here's a wild idea...perhaps if this country didn't send so many jobs overseas.so manyAmericans wouldent be unemployed.. Just a thought
My name is Miggie,and I ain't perfect, but I work hard so I deserve it!
My daughter loves it, too. We're negotiating naming rights. :)
Love half days of school
Haha hey jake!
You live in my heart and pay no rent <3
Everything is funny after 12
um imma need u npt to look so sicknin..... :) lovin that hair!!!
I'm good just trying to get back there
word. standby
": My lil bruh makin moves with his weird ass lol"
touts $12 million in city savings made police academy, environmental cleanups possible in state of the city address
G is watching a show, set in India. Everyone speaks perfect English. We then had a long discussion about ethnocentrism.
"education...is the training of the powers to use books wisely & effectually rather than a transfer of so much knowledge from so many books"
you're cut off from Blue Crush.
This girl claims she classy. Yet she gets pissy drunk every time she goes out, wears wigs, and dresses like a 16 year old. 😱
omgeee ! everybody follow even if your not an arab so lol follow them <3333 (;;
Im cracking myself up right now haha Man im funny(:
How did I know someone would tweet "Kayla's Baby"... #ShowChoirProblems <3
RT : Vennell and White still only 45 secs behind Geniez who is slowly making his way to the top of the Empire Grade climb
Omg thats a chick!?! I thought that was a dude. Jesus Christ. What has this world came to!?! Since when does girls get a buzz cut!?!
can't wait to come check it out!
Aw okay thanks :c
Rainy day... I hope this doesn't mean I'm the only one at Zumba.
If muffins are ugly cupcakes are pickles smelly cucumbers?
Ah yea, somewhere in the world its about to be 4:20 again :-) #Rolling up
I don't wanna get up I'm a sleepin'r'us bus There's too many miles in between stops So don't go making a fuss
Awww :) that's soon!!
Praying for the students at
You never realize how much you truly love someone until you let them go
Once they stop talking to you, they start talking about you.
As long as it doesn't cost the Athletic Department a boat of money, I don't see any reason to not play more basketball.
Hungry Girl Problems just followed me.... I'm sorry what? Why?
3/15/1784->Steuben:Peace Est. has 2 objects—the security of Posts& the public tranquillity&to be prepared to resist attempts of an Enemy
So tired!
Wow. You're pathetic.
you're both idiots
oh are you going to school?
that was really good! Great job! :))
i need mine done asap
it's become one of my favorite hobbies! Who would have ever thought?!
Listen to my music /onlineradio you can also listen to the top Indie artists in the country!
someone just offered me a 1000 dollars to be his gf OMG LMAO! i am going to pee my pants of laughing
When "MIKESTERZ" spell 's name as Mickey...He is not a mouse! Get ur facts straight!
So, what are you going to do?
For the love of Brin, Chrome, why do you ALWAYS have a pending update to run? Is this your passive way of asking for some time off?
I need to be more social but iooonnnnoooooo
Oh your a "pimp" but you cant even pay your cable bill. What a great "career" choice you have made
Sure do! (*shout out. Darn autocorrect) Happy Friday!
Started using at work today, it seems pretty cool.
Nope. Managed to get on a flight to Dulles. Unfortunately that means I'm now at Dulles. At midnight.
Farmers market and voting...a great combination
Great design starts with listening
won't let u do what support
what do you say you, & I hit up after & ? 2 words hopped mead...
Love has its way of blinding people from facts.
Check out our FB 4 today's extra special FB Friday! New products ~On Sale~What could be better?Today only! www.facebook.com/peanutfreeplanet
Icing the foot each night now. Also taking Vitamin D and Glucosamine supplements. Desperate to heal and to get on with it!!!!
We're in a Google Hangout with and friends - a great way to meet face to face without having to travel! cc:
Yes! If you see one you're aching to go to - let me know! I'll do the same.
Bad start for Josh Johnson -- after subpar ODay start. Nowhere near 100 percent back at this point. Not good for
Do you treat yourself to dessert every time you dine out, or do you save sweets for special occasions only?
TONIGHT - Thursday Night Trend with DJ's A.I. & J-Roc along with The Lotus Dance Team at Albuquerque's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!
At date function with my wonderful girlfriend who would rather play games on her phone than talk to me :P
Mass, then helping a buddy move, and then a BBQ for my friend getting married. It is going to be a long day.
after seeing your profile pic for the first time just now, I'm surprised u only have one stalker.. haha
facebook.com/inaudikaband
Now a member of Alliance Repertory Company.
you still with them?
My birthday coming, should I throw a party? LMS if so
: However long the night, the dawn will break. -African Proverb"
I lova you
go big or go home ~
This just in! new mobile friendly website. Order egift cards, make reservations and more from your smart phone!
I wish!! Make me proud! haha
FIRST FRIDAY on the Avenue! Come check out all the cool shops AND stop by the B to have some warm delicious dinner!
not forever baby…january 4th!!!
k. thanks. bye. hope you enjoy treating me like this.
Same here
How are you!? Hope your doing well! Once I move back to LA, lets get together! Age & I think your great! :)
I get so nervous when I go up
So who's for moving Lucroy into the #2 spot in the Brewers order? 3-run double gives Crew the 5-4 lead in the 8th!
:) i really like you
- I can't wait for you to come back on your show b/c A Martinez has lost his mind blaming Harden. We want Stephen!!!!
dvd's on exposing rappers & Illuminati need to stop expose these (crackers-dirty cops) these crook D.A.s these lie-in ass cops city to city
Same thing with Dunkin Donuts coffee. When I got back to the east coast, that was the first thing I wanted.
BARACK THE VOTE
Dutch Gold Resources, Inc. Announces Press Conference at NASDAQ MarketSite
This does make your debt to even larger now, considering he saved Braun for you and you reward by screwing him out of Grady.
legit like died omg he's perfect
People irritate me... alot.
I wish I was cute enough to pull a septum piercing off..
And pretty much every last-gen Medal of Honor game.
Remember all the writing I've been tweeting about? Anyone seen of that motivation laying around?
If your BeDo "doesn't scare the hell out of you—and if imagining the manifestation of it doesn't make you cry—it isn't worthy you."
Should the Sheriff be held in contempt for not following a judge's order to take 91 year old to hospital?
Good thing I didn't report that story - my ferris wheel bias clearly displayed on twitter profile page...
New York pizza tonight 😍
Want an interesting twitterfeed? Follow my friends!
Looking forward to the relaunch of our company website tomorrow.
I dropped Pomeranz for Alex White in my leagues. Seems like a totally fair tradeoff.
It was news to me too! This is why it's good to read the papers. Bring it on!
4 Ohio teams in the sweet 16, things are gonna get interesting
I just downloaded Crazy, Stupid, Love for tonight... Is it good?
It's a party! Thank you 4 following: , , @ RWJF_Coverage, , , !
Ever hear of the man with five cocks whose pants fit like a glove? My pants fit like a size 12 shoe (mens' obviously).
Wow, check out her hair. I have never seen so much volume.
very exciting! RT : You are welcome! We're busy planning - very excited about it! ;-)
Fav cocktail is whatever Jeff Ladman (San Diego's newest father of triplets) is muddling at What's your fav cocktail?
when are you going to panama?
Why does Sky/Travel Mall have the greatest stuff in it?
Great to "see" you. Let's set time to talk soon.
Y the fuk are Turtles so expensive?
How today was: F.U.N (;
"Lebron, how many 3s has the #Heat missed so far this series?" Lebron: "Not one, not two, not three, not four..."
so sleepy today
When Yo is in the lineup, I'm happy to NOT clear the pitcher
We have relationships with #restaurants, bars, clubs & hotels. What is your need?
I think its funny that used Coldplay's "Paradise" for their Daytona 500 promo haha
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow I'd kiss you
As I own Boomer's novel, all I can say is... good luck with that. ^_^
We rocked the library! Thank you
I'm so going to steal this great idea (all while giving you credit)
Why would #CBS & #WSAW show #TheBears game? An NFC North state TOTALLY wants to watch Patriots/Eagles. You suck. So does The Raider Nation.
God never promises the absence of storms. He just promises to walk with us through them.
The purpose of business is to create a profit.Fewer sales and higher profit is better than tons of sales and no profit.How is your business?
Michelle Rhee: "Reforms will continue" under Kaya Henderson. "I have the utmost of confidence in her."
I woke up crying i was thinking about you in my dream
I freaking love youu to bestfriend. (:
what exactly does your company do?
A Buffalo Wild Wings for Shauna nd Chris W's birthdays
Lefties do not desire justice, they desire the power to determine who wins and who loses. They want to impose their will on all of society.
To me, it comes the 3rd using that query:) But congrats anyway, good book indeed!
You gotta fight.... for your right.....to party
glad you like the new dining room! Thx for spreading the love!
I know pro Ironman triathletes who use coconut H20 to rehydrated. Also used in WW2 to sub for blood i v.
hates it when people tell you half a story - especially when they leave the "best" bit out!!!!!!!!
I never would've guessed that Gaylord sold galoshes next to acid free folders.
oh its love. (:
I'm in the Mountain Time Zone. It's looking badlandish and mountainy.
": Hey did u guys know statistics say walking home drunk is 8x more dangourus then driving home drunk."that's dumb and 100% false
take a nap den...
Hi Friends , and
Ugh, hope you are much better soon.
If I knew God wld answer the next prayer I prayed exactly~ how would I pray? Why should that change how I pray now if I believe He answers?
Still packing for #SHA2012 with help from the 4-year-old, an bracing for the 18 hour drive to Baltimore. Looking forward to caffeine.
Disgusted by California with #Prop8 in 2008... Disgusted by N. Carolina with #Amendment1 in 2012! Yay! Religious Intolerance & Bigotry!
Jesus loves you! It's everybody else that thinks you're a c*&t
Walking back home
I'm Djing a spot today only during the commercials of football game....not kidding
In the Studio, DO'n WERK!
WHY YES I DID DID YOU BECAUSE I DID
Great points!
ONE-LINER: To err is hunam.
Note to self: Bacardi is not your
your boy doesn't impress me. Yanks just aren't executing. Two Jap pitchers
It was great meeting you too!
Just sent some shipments to Europe. That's so mind blowing. How's everyone else's Friday? I wanna hang out!
Join Bizbuddy today! Invite your friends!!
Kenyan Martin is a baller.
A bit scared to target folks who like ruffled panties on FB.
I'm watchn everybody hates chris
used to be the USPS would try to deliver your mail no matter what, now if the zip is off by a digit, they return it.
Ohh well when you do, just tweet or text me it<AB
Hey, the bullpen did their job this inning!
only watching the , simply for the benefit of seeing perform 'Boyfriend' for the first time.
The arrivals of Mayweather & Ortiz will happen today at 1p in the lobby. Who do you want to see win?
this guy is a dumb, srly i better with my ex
Last flight of the day. I'm headed from Denver to Jacksonville to see my awesome girlfriend graduate from UF's Pharmacy program.
Looking For Good Photoshoot Places Tomorrow With (: I So Cant Wait For Summer! Random Photoshoots Whenever I Want? #HeckYes (:
I think you've hit on something there.Must be Weiner's idea of where country and ad biz was going and in fact did go.
"nick my #fridayfightagainst i-" "no"
man someone get this talapia out my face m m good
Family life is not a computer program that runs on its own; it needs continual input from everyone.
Missing on my television, end the hiatus ! Pwease.
You ROCKED . No doubt. But the next goalie you face will not give up as many soft goals.I'm not buying your team
Dislikes: being a contract carrier for work... Yet to have a smooth roundtrip & I'm not talking in terms of turbulence
no who? Just say it you brought it up so tell me .. Im so serious . Who ?
i cant wait for prom.... imma be fucked up;))
I definitely will not need to find x and y when I'm dating one of the boys one day.
Working on my plan for world domination.
You know that video "david after dentist"? I should make one called "Amy after database"
tired and slightly bored.
Sad #Jayhawks. Stay sad.
Good Morning! :D
It's disturbmazing how often the music from "Rudy" just randomly pops in my head.
Thanks for your response. It helps to know it's not just me. :) I hope they get it resolved soon!
Happy to be hosting a Milwaukee dinner club this evening! We have a great menu layed out for you all, hope you enjoy!
Q-6 What would your marriage look like if you considered your husband better than yourself?
Night night
vanilla with strawberry topping is godly.
Who is the most interesting person in America to speak on taxes & tax reform? (Besides Herman Cain, I mean.) (Serious question.)
hollow tips nigga tip a nigga like a danca
Hi Femi Shoot me an email or meet me on skype.
thanks! Should be good until sends us the Del Taco gift cards
U had this shit #Clippers Its alright! Come 2 San Anto
I would have sex with Melanie Iglesias, lesbian or not.
Hardest thing ever? Controlling your laughter at serious times
you'll be great at it. It does take a few days to get use to.
When you come from NOTHING, You appreciate the finer things more then most.
"Your genuine action explains itself & your other genuine actions. Your conformity explains nothing. The force of character is cumulative."
#Scandal was so good last night that I couldn't even tweet and watch at the same time. My eyes were glued to the tv.
Marriage is about the most expensive way for the average man to get laundry done. Burt Reynolds
I just finished a 4.14 mi run with a pace of 9'15"/mi and a time of 38:22 with Nike+ GPS.
no vote for Kopitar!
"I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me Superman."---Homer Simpson. I love the Simpsons and super heroes!
Ditto RT Surprised myself, how quickly hearing "teen girl version of Game of Thrones" had me clicking over to NetGalley.
you too honey!
Totally late...but do you guys still have tickets?
Good morning RadioWaves! Wishing you all a Happy Sunday!!! Don't forget to check out what's new with
So much to do before the family comes in for Groundhog's Day. If only Butterball sold groundhogs, there'd be an 800 # for cooking advice.
thank u! My birthday was May 1st
Is still up creating a work space for the new place. Ikea, here I come. So excited about a real creative space.
OH YEAH! DOOF BUDDY POOL TIME!
I think its time that we go are separate ways...
Great. I will be here! We will get together then!
Ha! Okay. I can be Frankenstein. :)
Hats off to BAMA, as much as it pains us to say it, they beat us up and down. #LSU fans forever though!
Can't wait to work out in my new yoga pants that make my butt look ashhhmazing
#CLIPPERS TIP OFF in 10 MINUTES!!! Game #7: Sunday vs #Grizzlies at 10:00 AM on #ABC or listen on KFWB 980 AM.
Despite my best efforts to encourage from afar… this paper just doesn't seem to be writing itself.
watchin facts...in youtube...:P :P :P
RT : Do Republicans know that Sarah Palin and Michelle Bachman are never gonna have sex with them?
Longest week of my life
Shout out to the Baylor Bears!! Great win. Way to Sic'em Bears!
Nobody gonna put you in your destiny,u've gotta take u're life by the horns and do what God called you to do.You are the manager of yourlife
Thanks for covering the joint initiative for better geo DNS lookups.
Happy #Mother's Day Weekend!! Take the time to cherish and appreciate the women in your life. <3
Just saw your kind words. Nice to meet you too. Lord Bless
My family won't answer >:/
This week's book #giveaway: WHICH SIDE ARE YOU ON? THE STORY OF A SONG from George Ella Lyon. RT some of the song lyrics with #WSAYO to win!
I need to show you something awesome! :)))
one of my favorite moments of 2011??? meeting u!!!
!!....question...how can i help you bring awareness...i want to help
I'm a relatively new programmer - should I be looking to specialize in one specific area(front end vs back-end?)
How can you inspire someone today?
well, the oldest librarian goes first of course. wait, what was the question?
I should have gotten in on the fantasy draft this year. I need another distraction
It's okay, Tony! #Breathe #destresstweet. Nothing a good cup of coffee can't cure. :)
Yeah yeah yeah
Yoga/Pilates, Bootcamp & more can earn you Phidippides gift cards. Visit Cooleaf.com & use promo code 'phidippides' at checkout to save 10%
Morning lady Happy Belated Mothers Day. I know u really enjoyed yourself this weekend.
Looking forward to eating some ethiopian food for lunch...so hungry!
Round 2 starts today.
perfect. move to AZ for 6 months and take this class with me!! haha.
2 things Jennifer. Thanks for ur follow and these scarves ARE beautiful. look forward to your shared wisdom.:)
I so did txt you !
Feeling #Blessed ! No need to say more. Good Night <3
I saw this a few days ago.. very funny!
go saints! meachem
thanks...keep up the good work
Time to hear from Judith von Seldeneck, CEO and founder of largest woman owned biz in the US, Diversified Search.
I love kissing its beautiful
or with me cause I be doing that to sometimes
This week has been amazing for orders! A portion of all sales will be donated to the AWLFC. Thank you for helping me help the animals.
Internal linking in WP is getting a lot easier.
Oh gosh, you two are making me blush! Carrie, I look forward to meeting you!
As long as God Knows is all I care.
please follow me my twitter name is ddrusa same for my youtube channel :) <3 you
we are at the KBM!! Kicking it!
Did you know that we're on #kindle?
what is some new good music?
I would only bring him in when Yanks are up 12 or more runs !!!
Lol! Amazing what happens when you don't read the fine print!
Today has been awful & to top it all off, I just found out that Nick Matthews is leaving Get Scared :(
I can like feel it because your breath is hot. Lol
a blog is the best hub for your content marketing efforts.
A gr8 way to get in a serving of greens - have 'em for b-fast! I love a Japanese b-fast...bok choy w/tamari & sesame seeds over brn rice!
Thank you RT : Thanks for making a difference. As a foster kid, I know the world of foster care appreciates you!
NYSP2I director Anahita Williamson is in Albany now! Would u like to arrange in-studio interview with her?
What happens to Andrew Bogut's section at the #Bucks games?
RT : Anyone thirsty this Thursday? Visit The Center Bar and 505 Fusion
keeps trying to type "bureaucrats" and spellcheck keeps changing it to "beercats". We've been together a long time.
Im mad my niece being a crybaby bcuz I took my phone frm her x this lil gurl jus attacked me
Its MONDAY at Screaming Tuna. Need we say more? Yes we do? Oh well in that case we've got 3, 4 & $5 rolls PLUS 1/2 off select beers & tails!
i love you too
Armand just now going in and the #SportingKC audience clapping for him. Cherished club legend.
thnx 4 RT re bliss & planned gifts - nonps miss $$billions by not asking.
Sitting in w/ Jim Sharpe and Ed Phillips on 550 KFYI
#ladygaga opening was real hot
You have no idea how happy it makes me that you've finally found your long lost brother.
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory ...
Awesomeness. No wonder Dave Scott likes to sit by you.
Observations: glad to have seen Inge go; also glad to see him get a few hits and RBI. Also I see you J. Grilli #MLB #Tigers #pirates #A's
I wonder what it is ab the flat billed hat wearer that makes me think they're the special ones that rode the short bus. Extraordinary.
Hey today @ BDW we have the BYOD buid your own dog combo for 6.25
Bring it on!!! RT : Spirit has great things in store for you.
We're only here on borrowed time❤
Alotta niggas wouldn't be balln if they took care of there kids
Thanks for the RT!
Watching Paranormal Activity 2 HOLY CRAP.
the manties are hot....
very solid live too. is a phenomenal singer
Watching my rockets fight for the playoffs
have not. Esquire, NewYorker, Vanity Fair, TNR.
Have you ever grown your own hops?
I love my daughter, she is a beauty
I ended up with Judy Moody, but audiobook of Clementine was not available new at a reasonable price
lipstick n lace sounds like its gon be real sexy good luck girl
Thanks for doing this. I just sent you an Email. Thanks, thanks!
TONIGHT ONE UP ELEVATED LOUNGE IS OFFERING A FREE BUFFET FROM 5 TO 7 O'CLOCK COME OUT EARLY & EAT BEFORE THE FREE COMEDY SHOW!
Memphis still sucks
Eureka Ca. Where people take shrooms and go wack
Met Shane Victorino last night and I'm using baseball metaphors like an outfielder chewing gum.
I love twitter games.
VURSAlimited I wanna win so bad!! Free stuff is the best <3
You're mad cause I went to a water polo game?
so fabulous to see you! excited to collaborate.
Hope the #Nuggets win i love upsets
St. Louis singing the #Blues as the #LAKings take 3-0 lead in the Western Semis.
Ran out of milk for my coffee... pistachio ice cream will have to suffice
Survey reveals growing national impact of asthma: "The information in this release is a stark reminder that asthma continues to be ma...
": Manning to Broncos...more coming on Espn" I bet he couldn't have typed that faster!
Perhaps it just isn't a good idea. It's hard to substitute the physical with the #metaphysical in a way that offers more value.
thats quite scary... :O!!
Just saw someone run by and almost did a dive into some bushes. Yup, it's that time again.
2012 has been a lot of waiting so far.
Thanks so much!
thanks for having me tonight!
Know this - I'm a Bobcat Goldthwait fan, and I always have been. Also, the second Police Academy is as good as the first one.
“: #MentionTo someone who always checks their crush's timeline everyday.”
on life , bang bang lol
I'm slow--I need to get out more :)
No is leaving !!!! Who is going to replace her?!
I want to make a Facebook account and the name will be "Nobody" so when I see stupid crap people post, I can "Like" it
#NeverShouldYouEver commit to doing something and you deliberately not do it.
gosh how could I not know that!!!
I agree. They should give some coaches more time to let their plan develop. Plans don't develop overnight and it's only fair
gl the rest of the evening, turn heeps to heeps^2
needs to change his twitter name its gayy lls
Don't forget to stop my McBee Supply at the #PrintwearDallas show today
Why pay shipping from New Jersey for your CDs? Stellar quality, LOW prices & 20 years in the CD/DVD biz. Save shipping & come pick it up.
#nowplaying- Hollow by Cooper Point. Of course! ;) so good.
hahaha screw you!
Normally I have a big lunch. Now I just have a yogurt, fruit cup, and apple. Thanks to 👊💢😲😝
Hey Sunset Loves! If getting in shape is your New Years Resolution you NEED to call my pal !!!! He's the main man in the gym :))))
What is with the mega up lighting on Leslie Visser?
Did you know that today is Lady Gaga's birthday? What do you think of her?
You got a kid....but ur #teamlesbian? You can't just switch like that!!
what u mean G u said u want that opportunity n I got it for you?
Major kudos to Chris Martin & Coldplay for their tribute last night at the Hollywood Bowl to Adam Yauch-very heartfelt!
we just gotta get the running game going again.
MIAMI HEAT 11-4 LET'S GO
“: Fabian The Scandinavian ” I need to map Scandinavia and start sending t-shirts that way
When and where I am there!
Only have 1 class with my cuzin at the end of the day, think i can deal with that.
I am getting ready for draft day. I love football and of course all the negotiation involved is interesting to an attorney.
haha okay! I may work with you Tuesday
WEEK AND A HALF FOR DOPE PARTY TO START KEEP POSTED LIVE DJ w/ PERCUSSIONIST VISUAL PROJECTIONS BY SOUR PUSSY NO COVER HAPPY HRS TILL 11pm
oliver winery soft white....well any from oliver are good but thats my fave!
kobe my nigga i hate it had to be him. Bitch you wasnt with me shootin in the gym
“: when will it be available??” Shipping in April. Sign up on swingbyte.com to know when pre-ordering begins. Thx!
Accidentally dropped my chapstick in trash can w/cap off. Son of a...
Congrats Polanco on
Learn to be comfortable with yourself first before you start giving yourself away to others.
I can't wait to get my hair done tomorrow .
Welcome to the west coast! (via ) saw pbr in bottle form today, it was a first for me
yes, but I think I can quantify this. And I need a distraction for a bit :)
: Let go of the negative & let God fill you with positive.
You don't stop being God's child when you mess up. God knows your heart and He loves you.
&quot;Quiet Storm&quot; Brand May Dissolve in Wake of KBLX Sale
Savings Tip - Buy an electronic themostat -Set your heater to lower values automatically when you're not home anyway
we thought georgetown was a good team before it was cool
RT : #GeekTrivia question: In the League of Extraordinary Gentleman movie, who was the villain Tom Sawyer shot?
im down
This Young Man is Flawless love You Leon!
I really try to limit myself to the first trailer of any movie. I did that with The Avengers and it paid off.
That. sounds. horrid.
idk she went some were why wassup
Notre Dame Tax Assistance is being at held at River Park Branch on March 6, 20, and 27 at 2:30pm for those with incomes of $40,000 or less.
the game kind of oozes hipsterism so it isn't that surprising
You are not responsible for someone's RESPONSE but are you doing the RIGHT THING?
I simply can't help myself.....LOVE, LOVE '30 Rock'. Such a brilliant show.
Cool! I've always wanted to do that. All seems well here so far. How about you?
Sorry but you know we Love u i got you on the next run
ugh I want to go home.
you girls are too much. I actually Got lost at mega walmart.
That's really great to hear! Thanks!!! ": great podcast guys! Am now downloading all that's available!!"
It's sad when the people who gave you the best memories, become a memory
You give to the world your greatest gift when you're being yourself.
More music coming shortly... Thanks for all the love and support followers!
I really really wanna go to the album signing at the Palasaides but its during the stupid quarterlies..... no :(
Hi there! I noticed you target Latam women last nite- us too. thought you would be interested in or
short big head ass midget
Friday night at the vet woo.
Dinner? Walking to Giovanni's Trattu.
Glad to hear it arrived :)
I created a Buy Now button. It defaults to Qty 1, how do I allow buyers to change qty?
I rely on the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it wrong.
Trading up for Tannehill? Agree with you, now the comments from people are just getting stupid.
Woohoo I qualify for the next round for the you now contest!! :) on Friday! Details to come!!
#20ThingILove Listening to music, and watching dance videos
21st Century fun?!
Never can have enough runs in Yankee stadium
Happy Birthday
do i remember the #cubs lighting up Greinke last yr too
"Let's Moshercise!!!!!"
As a Jets fan im sad to see you go but Good Luck in NE !
I want to kick every boy I see today because I have the worst cramps and I hate men omg.
Already loving these
I've been on it for a while, just never did anything with it until now haha.
Work early... Bright thing about that is.. I get off by noon and have the rest of the day... To be tired.. 💤💤
Those hoping already have failed. Don't let them bring u down. Wave hi to the haters - in my Maino Voice!
Oh, Madison. RT : #SO to the rabbits on university and charter handing out free candy
Me too!! Have you been running? I've slacked ...
yea if you're gonna concentrate on school and not on these hoes
oh, thats right, you live down there and can get that yummy goodness. I had black&tan from Yuengling and it was awesome!
Huge garage sale at Hampton Chase, 14120 Waterville Cir. NEEDS more traffic, that's relevant, right? :)
What should it specify that it doesn't? It's not intended to be complicated.
you have to tweet the pic next time bro! Lmfao!
You are known as Gitchee Gummee for the next few hours.
#Mifflin2012 is pretty much done but Paramedics treating a guy who got punched in the face. I also just drove down Mifflin
how ironic that the mariners pitcher is wearing
Still trying to figure out the cast for the Tim Tebow musical, John Elway is Judas, Peyton is either Barabus or Punchus Pilot...
whats up everyone??
lol.. Hope u get to! :P
RT : I just can't read any more analyses of the politics of the last four years in which the filibuster isn't central.
Yes. MT Why do we have paid admin leave? Shouldn't we stop paying public employees under suspicion of gross misconduct?
askin them all them questions. Haha
I remember that movie.
#vvbf Jane Smiley reads the poker scene from Private Life in honor of being in Las Vegas tonight at the Vegas Valley Book Festival.
If you know a Restaurant or Bar owner let the Dudes know we have some cool stuff we can show them!
- Welcome! Thanks for following! My son loves graphic design! Robin Lynch Aerialist
I'm tickled that the places my penis go are going to be a deciding factor in the 2012 US presidential election. No, really. Thanks, 'Merica.
There are many things that i would like tosay to you but i dont know how
I'd take USOC. It's a 5-game season.
My closet is so not ready for summer.
Don't advocate murdering women? Excellent. Now go tell Facebook to ban groups devoted to hate crimes. Report link on the bottom left....
ESPN NFL - Patriots to sign RB Joseph Addai (played 6 seasons with Colts, rushed for 433 yds in 2011) - Reports
I'm champion at beer pong
Kid: Is that your mom? Me: No, it's my sister. Kid: Well tell her that I'm going to steal you. hahaha! xD oh gosh! Boys nowadays! Lol!
He was dying to get interviewed by News 12! LOL All ready!
Watching my favorite show on #NewYorkUndercover I miss seeing on it
Outsourcing The Competitive Advantage - Levering resources to provide a business platform that delivers results!
marley and me! I want your eyeballs out... Lol jk
#quote "The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire." —Field Marshal Ferdinand Foch
I'd like a code for star drone
#ATSU Blackboard is back up.
Yay! I need a work out buddy!
first impression of new kindles: almost entirely women on the publicity movies and images -- shifting digital audience anyone?
Oh, #spock, why does simple logic elude so many of my species?
I need some curtains and a black, white & red painting for my room
RT : I love how inflicts pain on his bosses, no matter how right, centrist, or left they are.
twenty days before mine
I'm climbing out this abyss
i was sad, i cried. lol
Eric Church. What a dick! America loves you Blake! For everything you do! :)
Now if I were posting the exact same message on Facebook and Twitter, then slap me around and call me Susan! :P
My 1000 tweet at had to be at 4:20 pm
Ppl thing the playoffs r like a reg season game. Totally different it's we're u separate the men from boys.
Gotta get my mind off of things.. Number game? Send me numbers(:
Just got an AWESOME gig tonight for a Christmas Party in December for about 7,500 people!!! So pumped!! :)
Hmm...Maybe "Stand Your Gay Ground" could gain traction?
Hahaha that guys getting a massage in the mall ahaha
how long did it take for twitter to un-suspend your account?
gotta work those muskles somehow i guess.
how have you been?
Walking down broadway alone...pocket knife in hand
I can't sleep 😱
I just saw a kid that looked like he bout 40 LOL asking me to buy a Black for him smh
Great tune! Psyched! MT : We are proud to announce that the first round of "OWS" Remixes will come out next Tuesday 3/27
.lets work
What the hell? My mentions are like not alive.
I never forget a face...I was in Antigua that week and missed out on the festivities:( we must meet ASAP! X
If you would like an interview with me! You should contact my management team or one of my publicists!!<3 you all rock!!
Apparently my style of clothing is Slutty & terrible. Lol I'm not trying to please you, I'm trying to please my self. Kthnxbye.
Very disappointed in my Yankees today.
tweet me!:)
im hungry an sober O_o smh bad combo
Listened to dc Talk's first album enrote to work...it's still great!
wow, quick RT : RT : Roger Goodell, on CNBC, says decisions on Saints appeals likely by end of the week.
Inhale The La... Exhale, I'm High
RT Your buddy Uly is doing geometry now. E.g., he can arrange stools and chairs at perfect angles so he can reach sharp knives.
Could of should of gone to sonics
Kudos to all those who had a hand in organizing today's CLD. GREAT way to begin the conference.
Woke up this morning...hoping last nite was just a bad dream...GOD BLESS AND HEAL MO!
Thx for following. I looked up Chiari Malformation; my first knowledge of this condition.
thanks dude
thank you Lynette ~ wish i was there to celebrate with you and the E Street Nation !! have a blast tonight and tomorrow!
Spoiler alert, KG with a double screen for ray allen. #allday lets see
New blogs going live soon, so promises my web designer...patience!
Restore to me the joy of Ur salvation & make me willing to obey. Then I'll teach Ur ways to rebels & they will return to U. (Psalm 51:12-13)
Kudos to among growing # of advertisers casting Asians in ads where they get to speak regular unaccented English.
Thank you! Have a great Mother's Day! :-)
"Let's settle this with a dance off" is now in rotation on Fearless radio. Swing by and request your boys. we'd love you forever :)
#uword first time to hear Josh preach awesome! Tells such a great story
just so! I realized I'd be better prepared to chitchat if I had a more frequent look at yr blog
One week until our next event: March 23 mixer at the Viaduct Lounge.
Mother son bonding > RT I'm at work while Jon and my mom have QT. -___-
Feeling sorry for myself because hubby told me I can't go to #BookExpo & #BEABloggers for a 3rd year in a row whilst without a job.
$199 is a splurge? Jamboxes Rock full stop. :)
why did I think I could move all the boxes myself? deja vu...
Woke up laughing. Clear mind; clear heart; pure JOY!
Maple Wheat release party at the brewpub this Thursday at 6 PM! 10% off your dinner if you participate in the free tasting!
yeah what we doin!
They scared of death they scared to look they shook couse aint no such things as halfway crooks
HALLOWEEN: the one day of the year (besides my birthday) where I can have all the sugar I want.
How do you go about doing this? Me thinks there are future freedoms to be assisted with the concept.
lol pretty much
are you ready for #IfAllOfRochester? We'll be there from noon to 1:30 with author
I find it funny Sandra Lee's autobiography is called Made From Scratch when she actually cooks nothing from scratch
First in war, first in peace and first in the NL east. Nats.
I'm going to kill this phone with my knife haha
Things turn out best for the people who make the best out of the way things turn out. ~ Art Linkletter
I was seriously just about to tweet about how much I love etsy and then I saw what you wrote and it made me laugh. :-)
House for reading of The Chick Files is filling up! Who doesnt love free art?
You're daughters look beautiful in that picture. I hope they have fun at the premiere. :)
Early birthday dinner with the fam at #PFChangs :)
haha is it?
Just saw an all-female mariachi band cover "The Yellow Rose of Texas"
what else? Hot date?
Lyon: Suggests that this event was public deliberation "even though we're not used to thinking of it that way." (Umm...I think I was?)
#ifwomendidnotexist a lot of these rappers wouldnt have shit to talk about
I was exhausted until I laid down to go to sleep
my regular time I go is 2am . It was too packed in there now
yeen talking money then you got a speech impediment !
RT IF U ARE A PROUD DIRECTIONER
your tweet about was funny. The sports teams you like, ehhh, not soo funny lol
Heat vs Thunder. Heat winning it all. (absent injuries of course)
I was thinking of becoming a vegetarian. There's no meat in beer right?
Yay to and team for their advocacy of cage-free data...
I dont really do a lot of complaining. Just teasing. Today was a good show.
How are you?:)
OUR PLEASURE TO SUPPORT YOUR BUSINESS. WE ARE COMMITED TO IMPROVE BUSINESS RELATIONSHIPS.
What you put up with, you end up with. You can only expect what you accept.
Glam night with Web 2.0 Summit Premiere Dinner at Foreign Cinema #SF. Creme de la creme of the Internet Economy
he's not gonna listen to you lmao it's a robot
Shout out to my new Chi-town faves! & our family at ! Can't be beat!
getting ready to hop a COTA and meet a friend for lunch
Can't imagine what it would be like to be a fan on a consistently good team. Ugh
well he better do it soon!(:
ik. I just dont see the point...
she's a good one :)
We received our copies of Erica Villnave's new book SOPHIE'S LOVELY LOCKS from today - so cute!!
I ate at 4 different houses yesterday I'm so freaking hungry I'm scared to eat smh this shit is cray
Thats just Nasty
seeing u on here in Mn brings up some nostalgia. U look more fab than ever! Xo! ; )
dat was a complete sentence I'm proud of u....LOL
“: I want to be your favorite hello and your hardest goodbye.”
sounds like Trouble Trouble! Chi Town! lol
Here is all the resources you will need: www.bluebookbuy.com
You Cant Get Your Heart Broken When You're Single .
it's a #harrypotter kind of evening...
"Seriously man, you keep surprising them with delightful stuff and they will give it back in spades ... women are like cats." William H Macy
Suicide kills more people than homicide in the US.
The truth is, I kind of want to break up.
I somehow almost managed to lock myself in Rumba's bathroom. It was pretty scary.
Man is a genius when he is dreaming.
Blessed Tuesday! Share those gorgeous smiles today, please. It will lift everyone - even you! 😊✌☀🌻
please follow me jeydon it would make my day!:)
Everybody do everybody a favor: invite someone to that doesn't normally come out to events in Atlanta. Do it!
The Trent Digiuro case still pisses me off.
Fuck yeah I had the crab pad thai.
West won.!
Whatever is left in the store currently is what we have left for this collection... Sincere apologies!
Every time they talk about shipping and say "large packages" or "handle my package," I can't help but giggle.
Got to love Central Park - Piper now has famous puppy friends!
aww tell them that they have the best friend in the whole world and that shes an amazing idol and inspiration. <3
the doctor is playing games he won't tell me anything til my parents come to the hospital
Some places have policies about how many top shirt buttons can be undone. TIL passengers need a "from the bottom: 0" rule
I thought i was gone go to sleep but ima be workin on the PromoTape
phillip Rivers
happy meryl streep on day, women in my life!
I sleep better during the day than at night
I'm soo happy! :) hows your night? :)
Lucas is balling like Joe Jackson is his daddy!!!
Thank you 4 following us! If there was ONE tweet I could tweet about you or yr business, what would it be? Please DM me
yea, for now
Why thanks! Tell me about the contraband.
Love the transit system in the DMV!!
Black Coffee's "Superman" is the workout song that gets it DONE. A lil' piano for smooove muscles.... I am feeling the burning. :-)
Hall: radical young activists becoming establishment figures throughout LCRM - keep an eye on these complications
i want mashed potatoes :(
would tht be andrew related drama? i thinks it is!
Perseverance prevails
takes one to know one. The feeling is mutual my friend.
Job cuts expected to hit Ottawa hardest - Ottawa Citizen
Told my uncle I wanted a quote tattoo on my back and he thought I said Boat -___- lol what the heck.
Things to remember: The mirror is not a window. Leadership is not a caste. Activity is not action. Increments matter. Virtues can be vices.
Friday: Closing session at 11:30 in orange & lemon room w/ Kee Malesky, member of the NPR library team. Lunch, ticketed event.
thanks for the RT
What's the #app you can't live without?
Plan is to move in August sometime... you there? We'll have to catch up!
How does Chef Creole runout of griot? I'm very disappointed
We are almost at our 200th follower and T-shirt winner! RT to your followers so that it can be one of them!
Another great night and another great song almost done at Joyride Studios in Chicago w/ Katie Scrantom & Brian Leach. Excited for this one.
thanks for following :o
I do say so & what I say goes! ;P I'm doing ok, thanks Bo & you? Sadly I must go curl up in bed now - work comes early tomorrow. 5am.
#AskTVDr: Talk w/ a mom that fed a healthy dinner w/ spinach salad: 2 & 4 yr old girls get sick but looks like reg.childhood illness.
I ain't perfect but i work hard so i deserve it.
