think it's time for a vacation:)!
Do they really have to play the 4th quarter in this game?
#pssst check out this guy over in detroit named JSantiago, he's about to blow up lol
Earth Defense Force is out, alien bugs attack the world! Check out a few music tracks from this great game from D3Publisher and Vicious C…
Another great evening at the Harpole Awards. Thank you for hosting a great event!
Still going. My current distance is 9.79 miles. Current song is Far Behind - Candlebox
We had a blast at riverview park! if you wasn't there you missed out!!!
Someone come change my kitchen light. I have neither bulbs or a step ladder.
I love when ppl think they have haters, when in reality it's just ppl who don't give a fuck if u stop breathing......
Trucks still in the shop so now I'm in pain from Chinese delivery! Why did I eat this ugh FML I hurt haha
I wonder what cee lo's magic wand looks like?
It turns out there's an ocean trench called The Milwaukee Deep. (saw it on XKCD)
Great day of voice rounds and preschoolers putting babies in the toy kitchen microwave but sad to be
Had lunch with a genuine rock-ribbed Texas Republican!
I hate when skinny females say they fat in front of thick females! Bitch if u fat I'm obese! 
WHEN WILL YOU BE BACK IN MIAMI I WOULD LOVE TO SET UP A INTERVIEW WITH YOU
I'm reading The Hunger Games right now and it's so reminiscent to Battle Royale. I think I'm getting bored.
what are you doing today, bro?
How's everybody surviving the thanksgiving aftermath?
ESPN must have a rule where whenever they talk about the Yankees they MUST show them playing the O's in the b-roll footage.
To all Cedarville students: How was #thecelebration? Send us some photos of your #preemptivelove for Iraqi kids & we'll share them!
Glad to see one of our fav #brands at
#Edwin Maysonet (who?) just jacked a grand slam for , Crew up on Cubs 6-1 after 6
here is a compliment for you..you're cute(:
Happy Monday!
Its Pouring outside...making it a netflix day and night. Have a great Saturday!
": love your twitcon!"
Ok just got mindfucked. My breakfasts are on the house, but the hostess know who I was and what room I was in without me saying a word!
sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together
this is a response to your greed. You have only your colleagues on both sides of the isle, yourself to blame.
nothing at all there's a thing called class and I have it. So keep writing obscene shit it proves my point
happened-your not following fad- i miss you and hope you well- happy almost birthday!
Beautiful Andy, just beautiful! :-)
RIP Ronnie Montrose!
Perfect! See you then!
yea I graduated from college n shit
": AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!" What did do this time?
God Morning.
#kids Family Movie Matinees at Dallas Public Library - Children's Center, Sun, May 13 2:00p: Every Sunday afternoon at 2pm, join us to...
09/01/2011 - Governmental Affairs Speaker: State Senator Dan Patrick
My Morning Jacket on Storytellers and a swig of Knob.
"I didn't know that women stopped graduating from college in 1975"-22 yo at #aauw11 LOL That was my daughter Rose! But sure looks that way!
Oohhh for what? How old are you?
": Get you WM Gift. Your a winner! " Your prize....VIRUS
Camera adds 10 lbs not 40. Hit the gym bitches.
Ted Nugent hasn't been relevant in the rock industry for over 30 years!
I was totally walking in the streets yesterday!
I'm home alone yay :) lol
Two more days! Abducting the Future for Success: SU Theater / 3:30 pm / Oct. 2nd / *FREE*
back from hanging with my friend taylor...gotta leave in a bit for math class :-/
Had convo with this student whose bf is HIV+. He dated him knowing he was +. His friend contracted it from1st sex experience. HIV is serious
um yo what you doing??
This is going to be epic with moments of boringness in between. I hope you can handle it.
Just two more days and the party is on! Can't wait. 'Bout to be hellllla fun. (; #Fuckyeah #
Can't sleep 😖
HAD A BLAST WATCHING THE FIGHT WITH MY BIFFLE :) DOS SANTOS!!!!! WOOT WOOT :)
Back to Lux after a two week travel extravaganza and what makes it even better? A huge stack of letters! I love my friends and family!
I just don't understand those people that you give a chance to speak, and they just dig themselves a deeper hole!
Artistic geniuses are so angsty...
#AdviceFromASenior learn to handle your liquor please, it will save you the embarrassment
What do you run instead?
It's as good as it sounds. :)
Going to be a rough couple days, miss and love you ben. RIP.
Great to see a proud successful Latino man not ashamed of connecting w/ the Latina audience. Loved the issue!
Perverts, all of you. And I'm more Skipper than Barbie.
ive punched my bed a few times after frustrating losses. also ripped up a favre jersey after favreageddon I
Going to the Rockies game today then to my abuelita's for some home cooked comida!
words w. friends? :) brecravens34
No more editing GOSH MY HEAD HURTS LOL I want to go out umm where 2 go In Eville 2night LETSTHINK??
I guess i don't really know you, but according to my timeline I wish i had :) HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! <3
Another internship opportunity: has summer internships with a deadline at 3/17! Learn more here today and apply!
Can I come with you?
Junior RIP
Be ready for whatever comes your way ..
Which is what I just said using other words... :D
We know the feeling!
we are a store in New York City! Check out kmcamera.com
"5 more minutes!"
Thats awesome!!! kickoff is at 6:30, more details are on the FB group invite lol
Bein sick and in bed for weeks straight then working out your legs << #soweak :(
Special things really do happen when something, or someone inspires the fight in a team, other than the game itself. Indy!
I also developed 'Sugar Sweet Science' at New Line and that didn't happen. That was a boxing movie. Danny DeVito
yes! to a writing deal- it's still a long shot but i'm in the process of meeting with people! #fingersandtoescrossedtwice !
How come I have to click "ok" three times now to delete a DM?
You are so welcome! Wish your film much success! :-)
Getting your fatass iPod from the PE boys locker
#PEACE will come when our hearts are filled with peace. We think, act and will PEACE in our hearts. Then we will enjoy PEACE of mind. PEACE
You don't stop laughing because you grow old, you grow old because you stop laughing
I'm such a delinquent tweeter. Thanks for the #FF last week!
#TeamOMG - Proudly representing the city of Milwaukee since September 2010.
Oh what a night this has been! S/O to my new followers too! Some real cuties ;-)
and she's fat... I miss the trashy bitch she use to be
dont the Lakers need action after the ball is in the post like screens to slow down the help? Too easy to double the post right now
Instead of quotas and numbers, Heather prefers working with people
Where there?s a will there?s a way. English Proverb
are u in a bad mood today?
New column debuts in today’s Nonpareil Lifestyles section
So many ways to do this day, focus on the positive and I bet you have a powerful
Why am i waking up so early now on weekends?:/
If it's possible to squee with Cookie Monster vocals, I just did it.
RT : Google taught me way more than what #highschooltaughtme. I love you Google.
FINALLY did my taxes w/ H&R Block At Home.
cannot wait to see Hightower out on the field on Sunday's for the Patriots.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter, and those who matter don’t mind.” – Dr. Seuss
hahaha you could have split mine! it was enough for at least 2, maybe 6. :)
Awesome preso. Thanks for an informative and entertaining afternoon.
Lmao.at the kitchen table talkn to my twiin in li brother.....
I believe bastardo is actually the trousseau of Jura...may be gone from Madeira but still around
oh trust me it is gudd
that's ok, there are gators everywhere - go !
off to California this week to take up my new position as Director of Product Design for Pro Performance Sports Goodbye
Dayyyummmm man I was hoping My momma didnt know I was home .. -_- sighss shit !
The #Knicks play all or nothing game... They better play like there aint no tomorrow.
What gender do you associate with numbers 0-10? 0 and 1 are easy. But 5? Via
"lead activitiesing and helping with reading and math skills for students in grades 3-5" how wholesome and wonderful.
Have not been here in a long time. Time to catch up. Learning more n more everyday. About myself and a being and as an actor!
u welcome
My dad was a huge Fuck up. And my mom was dumb lololol
whats going on in the ville tonight!?
straight paths ate booing.
Also I'll have you know that I bought the whole One Direction album and I enjoy it. There.
Don't put curry in your oatmeal. It does not taste good.
We would love the opportunity to make your Spring Training experience great. Mention our blog for 10% off.
seems like Kobe and.La. Gor the same bug as Melo and NY
lol. Come set up camp.
can't wait to go to the dermatologist tomorrow.
That awkward moment when ur Kit-Kat doesn't make the click noise..
N the studio with the fellas
ooh Mayan food sounds delish. I definitely will check it out while I'm in #sf thanks!
The bullshit on the plane.
It's a great day to be planning your next adventure. Come join us and impact lives by working at a #SummerCamp this summer.
In the studio..casting for a pageant today!!
whos making u mad ??
that's so great :)
haha I know :))
Tonight I get to watch Sorcerer, one of my favorite movies!
Nice meeting you as well!
Indeed, I have not, which is a cryin' shame...congrats on your opening! I was delighted to hear the news.
Not elected to office, but only their name will be on the general election ballot.
Listen to my internet Live Talk Show every Tuesday from 10am-11am Pacific time! go to: www.drrosie.com and click on "Listen Live."
i may have to borrow an embroidery hoop if you think you still have one.... i used to do school work.
RT WE have to be better. (we have to learn to finish the full 90 minutes.)
truth *ogle*
Flying high on a very encouraging e-mail from a publisher this morning. #amediting and grinning.
boys don't get the message,,you have to come right out and say "i like you man" for him to process what's happening.lol
Ready for warm weather and things that bloom.
Hey you know what I was thinking we should do.. VIVA!
Thought I was invincible when I decided to go right back to work after traveling half way across the world. I'm truly exhausted.
What's up w both Toshiba and DirectTV having the same 'improbable series of events' theme to their broadcast ads?
#FirstEdition wants you to get #Dirty with us...in the garden! #LynnSnodgrass, host of #GardenLivingSaturdays joins us w/ wkn ideas
Running late "/
Hey I was in your great store 2 years ago while staying at the amazing Coronado hotel! Hope to come sign with you some day! DL
WOO KG!
mca of the beastie boys passing 2day made me think of & us jamming 2 them as teens & misbehaving! melissa
I want to see this Anchorman 2 teaser and I want to see it now.
Not going to miss my downtown apartment since I'm leaving it for a house with a brewery and a garage.
I hear ya us too
it's like gods hair !!
She once placed an entire order for our family of 5 at the Burger King drive thru trashcan.
eu votei u.u.u lindoooooo
« #HowCanYouExpect to get respect . . if you dont give it . .»
just had the chance to watch your Live @ 7 from last night - wow! Thx for your incredibly kind words about PHAME!
that's not as bad as going after unsweetened baking chocolate.
First 2009 winners crowned at Pomona season opener...
missed me.
Thank you(: how u been doin?
Thanks, Katrina. Hope all is well!
Saw an adidas samba shoe today...flashback
New album today!
Good morning! Have an amazing day!!! Last full week before break!! Let's go!!!!
I'm way too faded!!
hahahaha so true.
Never knew it was possible to be at the airport outside of your gate and still not be sure where im going
shhhhhh no one knows ;)
MY PHONE TRIPPING GOTTA GET HOME INTERNET ASAP
Aw, I was there on Thursday! Paths almost crossed!
I hate Floyd. He's such arrogant prick. Ugh.
and Killed it at Coastal Carolina! Vid is so fucking sick!
"Like" it if this is how your week goes: Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday.
#YoMommaSoFat she has to wear a spandex wedding ring
RT: Sorry But you've become not much more than trash TV and you're outta here!// Amen and double amen
Man alot of these celebrities are pushing maximum density & their clothes just make `em look worse.
Let's take that leap and be kind to one another for this leap day on the horizon. Good morning Tweets and FBs!!
Just waiting for the session to start. Darlene will take bribes. Chocolate preferred
You ever realize that Violent J kinda looks like Gary Moore?
1of2 don't like #uconn as our poss sec game but if it was the way wants it we'd have someone like Ohiost in the first round
Mortgage Rates: No Change in Outlook. Choppy Waters in Short Term
Eager to hear from a live human being if it's good or simply "violence pornography."
i tried to cal but cant get threw
Day 2 - "Sports Authority". We are shooting at beautiful Lake Casitas in Ojai, CA. I brought the whole family along, my dog is loving it!
bra I was talking about 4 2nite
Such an incredible blessing to have a life filled with so many beautiful people and opportunities. Thanks for all the love.
It is too overbearing sometimes.
Nice to get the good 'ol tan back this weekend. Thank you baseball season.
Some love one, some love two. I love one that is you.
oh it's so clear now ;-
"The only reason why your boobs are big is because its making up for the brain you don't have" lolspasm u no who I'm on bout?
Saw Sedgwick and the cast of "The Closer" at screening at the SAG offices on Wilshire last night. Great episode !
“: Alright whose the asshole that puked down the stairs in the physics building hitting floors one thru three” o wow lmao
Youssou N'Dour at the Kennedy Center tonight, for free! I love living in Washington, DC
If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. Don't find an excuse !!
lol but when i see you we gonna fight lol off rip
the pope has a twitter... Of course I followed him...
Going over to to talk to Occupy MN protesters. Wonder how long they can stand the cold?
you don't get to hang out with your friends as much, and it can get lonely for some people.
I always see the same people lurking by the copier. There is nothing on the planet that needs to be copied as much as these people copy.
Didn't know he spent time in Reno. Nice. “: And yes, that is the same Jeremy Lin that played for the Reno Bighorns”
oh ok! menos mal
we in there !
great to meet you Cory!!
Get out of here with that ugly ass avatar!
it's Calvin from 227, not Melvin.
damn that's a nice ass title. You must be an Outkast fan like myself
I finally witnessed the madness myself. Didn't bring enough stuff to be concerned haha.
Has anyone gone ring shopping at one of our FlyerFit retailers?
I wanna Dance.....
my greatest disappointment with Philadelphia is I have to watch that show alone. REVENGE!
Turns out we were 7hrs early 4 the Yankee game. Now enjoying the #rapture in Riverside Park.
- Will we see you at tonight's #FreshCoastFriday's at Ryan Braun's Waterfront Grill? It starts at 5 o'clock.
While many states move ahead for a better future, NC decides to take several steps backwards. The "old fashioned" & "the bible says..." won.
#Naughtons has been a Tucson fixture since 1951. If you haven't stopped in to any of our 5 locations you haven't seen Naughton yet.
Blink-182. Offending moms since 1992.
Those friends who are always there for you.... Sometimes your #TwitterFriends are better than your real ones. #JustSaying -
Ha! Of course, We both know how that worked out, right?
Birthday shopping in Chicago (:
she lied ;) RT mom said I was handsome :)
What about The Giant Jam Sandwich? I had completely forgotten about that one until you mentioned yours!
Always love those daily calls with , catching up on drama llama and gossip and what goes on in life, haha.
Good Morning Madz!
still haven't heard from *sigh*
Hang in there! Everyone in my office feels sick today but me -- change of weather (?) Trying to stay strong!
have you seen the train of boycotting his advertisers? follow #boycott rush.
i have a small obessesion with easter egg jelly beans..
honor your past. enjoy the present. prepare for the future.
you bet it was! You can catch the next one every Thursday
yes I think for the most part. Its all about independent info these days. Unaffiliated forums seem more reliable I think
yep! that will do it. Evil Boy, honestly what is with those South Africans. District 9 freaked me out too.
Parents are pissing me off!
haha That would give it away. What is Sir Marky Mark O' Muncie doing tonight?
I just want one follow from one of the boys.
My work is becoming my dreams.
At our event marketing seminar. Full room. Good salad. Salmon just arrived.
will do!
I feel like I'm drowning.
Thanks to BCS Chamber for great awards event last night!
I'm so happy to have Pettitte back! Go Yanks!
OK third attempt at sleep tonight. Just pounded a bag of sugar snap peas.
Sometimes the robot takes its time RT : What prompted Google Alerts to find a comment I left on a blog 3 yrs ago... today?
Dream accomplished, you DO inspire me.
in need of a good blackhead/face cleanser scrub, suggestions?
hey boo
went to a "how to eat healthy in grad school" talk with 4 boxes of Girl Scout cookies in my bag. #ideal vs.
lol you know how I feel about 90's music!!!
Confused on how I got 100% on something but I missed 3 questions? Oh well :P
that was a dominating effort well done for the cardinal
heard you today on Savage Love, brought a smile to my face on an otherwise dreary WI tues. Keep on you Vulva puppeteer you!
Really annoyed that I can't hear this Gossip stream. >:(
RT : You have to believe in yourself when no one else does- that makes you a winner right there. -Venus Williams
Funny, Linda!
thanks about the article!
RIP RT lol I just had a Cheese Burger, Big Mac, large fry and a large Milkshake
The #groundbreaking2012 ceremony was amazing! #NMAP2015 is next!!
uummmm you already looking at 45 to life my guy...
any mid race update??
lets get them scoring time
It's on!!! First one home gets one minute alone with the buffalo chicken dip.
Billy Crystal back and hosting the #Oscars makes me feel like all sense has been brought back to award shows...can't wait!
#Evanovich, Lean, Mean Thirteen. Another one into the pile for 2012's booksale. One more left from 2011 sale? You betcha.
Getting halo-halo post cuz that's how I roll :D
My love for you keeps me human
Ugh,pulled all nighter last night Today,My Son,School,Dr.visit,dinner,laundry.I'm pooped! I want to see the Chief though!
Veteran leadership of course.
Thank you.
I think i understand where Andrew Luck is coming from, theres so many question marks for next year
Picture wrap on and for - that means they're done! Party time!
totally do it! I'll buy a mote just for that.
hey neighbor!!!! That's more like it! I may not email so much but I'm always on twitter!!
The biggest mistake you can ever make in a child's life is taking away the necessary building years of playing sports, and just being normal
Check out , and me at the Star Tribune-sponsored night of the Holidazzle parade tonight. We'll be jingle elves.
RT if you're going to see on Thursday at the LC, 7p!
I'm having pajama monday.
*dodges flying shields*
Well, it's safe for you to come back into Little 5 Points again! All the crazy costumers are gone!!
“: Don't pretend everything's okay, open up to someone. you'll feel ten times better.”
Good to hear. Going good. Just been learning as much as I can & working hard. We gotta get together one of these days.
": I need a cocktail after that bullshit!!"Who u tellin!?
Dear #BlueMountain, lessons useful, rentals orderly, lift nerve wracking = fun! Splendid overall! However, your #survey ends w/ a loop error
If anyone would come after me, he must deny himself and take up his cross and follow me-Jesus
its where we are located. -_- Its on glenwood
So if you love somebody better tell them so cause you never know when they gonna go. If they love you back just give thanks.. Cant keep love
and the anticipation is literally killing me
Don't forget, folks! We have a show at The National Underground here in Nashville on Tuesday, March 6th!
If someone offers you a breath mint, accept it. - H Jackson Brown Jr
Back in the library after 5 days off-campus. Time to start scheduling some appointments.
Can't wait to hear the voiceover, Mr Ubik!
#Hugs From Behind >>> #InstantTurnOn :) -Girls
Got a tough project? 30 mins of concentrated effort sets you on your way. Don't procrastinate. Work in 30 minute bursts/gets it done.
I was just informed that I'm 'footloose and fancy free' ;)
Slushy day in Santa Fe!
Sometimes I'm sorely tempted to send "let me google that for you" links as a response to my neighborhood listserv. I resist.
not that kind of big.
Met with Deedee Bradley who casts Switched at Birth and Smallville. Said I was adorable! Yay!
lol. Who you telling girl? Yu better not be sending me off eitha.
Trust me, i'm a ninja.
I want to email you some tracks if you're interested
where is it located
Somewhere in TN with killing Poison's "Momma's Fallen Angel" while watches The Wire.
well don't rush! Hahah but good luck (:
Baseball and Steak Night. Get in here!
hey kid! Finally joined the mommy club ... Lol
A Perfectly Fall Recipe: Pear Bread
Good afternoon! Hope everyone has a blessed Saturday. 🙏
IGN took off review points for Minecraft on Xbox 360 because it doesn't support mods. What Xbox 360 game DOES support mods???
Today's agenda: Try to deal with &/or avoid crazy roommate, squeeze in a manicure, interview with a vampire interviewer, Game of Thrones
just purchased tix for the show in #MKE next week! is hoping there is a biebs cover involved.
really annoyed at this weather. was looking forward to the food truck road warriors today.
Q4 find your twitter niche and get involved in chats like #InternPro -- I did after grad during my first job. Whole new world ...completely
pay that guy no mind. He's from britian
here with belle .
Arrived at Izmir, Turkey. Had nice dinner with fam on a roadstop, cost? $12! Filled the gas tank, cost: $105!
BBQ plans for the Holiday weekend? Do your best to reach for the lean protein options and the fruits and vegetables. You'll feel better :)
Headed from Richmond to Atlanta on 85 south anybody know what the weathers like ahead?
I desperately need my hair done.
good luck!
Just heard David Peaston passed away yesterday also. Am I late?
RT : it's spring time. weather is nice. and I need to be in it.
Cast removed. Any advice on helping a 3 year old not leaping from tall buildings for the next few weeks?
thanks for your continued leadership in supporting the
There is no doubt that is basically the most awesome person ever. Such a fun interviewer, yes!
It's in OP near Panara it's called Francesca's
my gym is in hot boy overload today! yum yum gimme some :)
To Mick Foley at IMPACT WRESTLING:BRING BACK THE 6-SIDED RING TO "IMPACT WRESTLING"!
Stand by me best moviee
I-9 compliance strategies: internal & external audits, train HR, and have a system for responding to the gov't.
Groupie Bitches <<<<
frank and nics actually calls itself a sports bar. I am ok anywhere I can see the game.
NYC Mobile Adventurer Free!!! Answering Questions & Helping You Plan Your NYC Trip!!!
Words of wisdom for today: There's plenty of time to live in a van down by the river... When you're living in a VAN. DOWN. BY. THE. RIVER.
Sex IS Better Than Love !! (:
Walked two 8% incline miles, upper body strength training and 2 minute forearm plank.
we are proud of you too! RT Auto show with tonight! Papa Meiers would be so proud of his little girl :)
Made it home safe....
AMEN TO THAT
did the internet get you there easily?
yeah i like j cole
ooooohhhh that made me laugh so hard....
true thing my brother.
#mnwild When did te #NHL remove the interference rule?
Contract was a scam guys! Sorry for the excitement keep helping and supporting us!
groping your flyer...
no problem my sweet dear. =]
Heck of a season.Thanks for the #badgers coverage this season. I really enjoy your stats,quotes,pics & personal take on things.
ugh. depressing day. even coffee won't fix this slump..
*throws on 3 goggles* RT“: officially done with Freshman year of college”
I haven't been active on here for awhile...going to make a point to converse more.
Does anyone else see the similarity between Timeline Apps (Facebook) and all those apps people used on MySpace back in the day?
My sisters graduating class was just announced at the class of 2001?? I think the woman was about 10 years behind schedule..Congrats !
was actually the first time and I saw it..we laughed a lot!!
Sure thing! Hope you're having a good day as well.
and it's successful just furthering stupidity!! Now he will keep doing it.
I have like 72916392 pairs of sunglasses. Actually, only like 4 or 5 but yeah. I love sunglasses though(:
i still pretend to be with Balki when the wind blows hard and I struggle against it.
“: Best party on the earth, and with 15 of the best bartenders on the planet. You guys rock. #Carnival”
the lamb slaughter is in ANOTHER script?
Always prepared to live the High Life!
get mad.... Haha then I go live life to get some inspiration
You would be correct. Little highways that lead to no where lol ;-)
I'm so lost without the WordPress admin bar.
The most powerful gift human beings have? CHOICE
You've gone so far already<3 All mahomies are so proud <3
I change it to ringtone every March RT Anybody else have "One Shining Moment" on their iPod? Admit it.
Nope not really! RT : Do we have to care if others perceive us as entitled? Do we have to change?
I have two people inn mind...lmao
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show? 6
Xyleme LCMS is 100% XML, so it’s based upon granular open RLOs for collab & multi-modal output. Happy to set up demo
Is rocking out to youtube. :) #music Then has has homework later....#fuckthatshit XD
Why is Austin so sad
exactly, they'll learn once we've all graduated and gone our separate ways
I almost texted you when we passed the Fernandina exit. Why were you there again? Seems so... out of your element.
heinz field
Being forced to watch the Heat/Pacers game against my will. . .
Will be in D.C. tomorrow promoting the new movie 'Fair Play'
Swine Flu claims life of a U.S. toddler in Texas according to the CDC this morning. No details on child. This is first death outside Mexico
I Love you mom i know it hard being a single mom, but i just want you to know i love you and i thank you for eveything you did #TurnToYou <3
#heartbreaker Currently having a baileys on the rocks in celebration.
still trying to figure how to wk it :(
Riding thru downtown
#Huskers' #Niles #Paul out with foot injury
Thursday = 1/2 off Wine Bottles All Night!!
Thank you for following, Means a lot to me, I will definitely be picking up this book!
Home alone + doorbell rings = I'm going to die.
70 campuses? Misleading, again. It's 23 institutions, most 2-year. In Utah, 136,000 students in public institutions.
Bob Uecker...come on dude. You gotta' stop almost calling it.
Brandon Bogut Bucks
New post: David, oh Delicious David
My church goes hard man. Outside the building too.
7 impressions comparing #MLA12 (Modern Language Association, for academics in language/literature) and #SIBOS (global banking conference)
Disco935 New York Plays “I’ll Lick You and Kiss You Like A Lollipop” www.dissco935.net DJ Vjc Mixer
Is ANYONE watching GCB? Pedestrian and derivative and those are it's good qualities. Won't last.
Sign up for www.streetgroovemagazine.com Unlimited social network and Internet marketing
i hate the new #facebook look
Ill check it out. Thanks
Got my dog's teeth cleaned today. I hope when she smiles a $324-dollar star sparkles off her canines. Also, she looks so stoned right now.
Thanks. I don't think it was dehydration. I hydrated well, but maybe electrolytes. I did use a Clif Shot...
Omg is that real life?
RT!!! Needed that :)": Don't give them no more chances, they already had their turn. Everything happens for a reason."
Cause I'm broken when I'm lonesome, and I don't feel like I am strong enough
Next big thing: video game called "Mass Affect," where we all log into XBox Live & share our feelings in a virtual outer space.
Snarted RT : and Tom would be a creepy owner haha.
Absolutely. If you want an evaluation pass, just let us know!
thanks. You 2
they're only following 80
It is so amazing how someone can have lime, neon green eyes in one picture, and the next have perfectly brown eyes!
#NP: cheers (drink to that)
hey seattleites - does anyone have a power washer I can borrow?
Koman CNY exec director says regional affiliates urged nat'l to reverse decision "It was a mistake...We didn’t belong in that conversation"
Tony Parker is only 29? Wow.
Very unsatisfied with my choice of eating Subway over Chiptole
Man, that vs. twitter battle is crazy! Dudes are funny!
Can't decide between going to a scholastic bowl meet and getting AP US History extra credit
. Senate Republicans have refused to rebuild and modernize our schools and community colleges—why?
That concludes our lunch meeting today. Hope everyone enjoys the rest of their day and marks their calendar for the Sailabration!
sorry about tonight...was in the middle of a dinner meeting and didn't get out till 8:30pm. I will see you on Friday.
when Jamie Moyer made his debut, who was the oldest player in MLB at that time? Thx! Should be a fascinating answer...
What a colorful sunset. The Sandia mountains are so magnificent!
I just need somebody to love...
RT : Bar Ilan School of Communication of Israel organizing Chicago Summit 2012 - a wk of events in Chicago May 1-7.
Time 4 sleep...
lol his friend just sent me a dm, you a true snake bruh, I'm telling you said fuck him, you probably reading this tweet and feeling stupid
More energy than most days, still less than optimal.
Oof sorry to hear that. If I win, you are welcome on my party plane to Hawaii!
being on facebook just starting drama and mess you
Its the black 64
When my parents find out i need to pay when i apply to college they're going to freak
LMAOOO i felt like i didn't even see you today like uhh
Smeagol from Lord of the Rings having sex with a black girl: "oh, my precious"
Talking in an English accent at #WholeFoodsAtx, getting lots of silly looks 🇬🇧
I thought I meant more to you.
#Community and #pizzarolls. I love right now.
Directing Life Tracker will make me a better screenwriter, because I can see how many words are just not needed.
That was a great episode of #CriminalMinds tonight
In the census session at
too lazy to twitter ,lol
no thanks to Finley's td drop!!!
1: Minimum number of times per day I get frustrated that gmail keyboard shortcuts don't work in Outlook.
2/2 and make boehner-cantor-mcConnel's head explode. And yeah finally govern on his terms. No law of any sig. will get to him bef election
: I saw Beauty & The Beast in 3D. It's a feast for the soul. Lovingly romantic.
Haley Rinheart (AI) will been OK she just needed a little set back to keep her humble.
Um maybe you shoulda continued the shy role cause you just blew it!
Unity is a mutual decision which selects a particular path toward a shared destination. (Amos 3:3)
i will let OED know.
Cedar waxwings in the apple tree outside my office window.
aw, you should have set aside some time for yourself. You know, relax a little…
Just got back from my meeting with black cash, TeamMilitant all the way......
definitely! There are lesson plan 'packages' that archaeologists have developed for teachers. Heard of 'project archaeology' ?
“: If You Coming Out To See Me Live in GRAND RAPIDS TONIGHT TWEET BACK !!!!!” <-- Can't make it, enjoy Grand Rapids!
Yes! #werk #bookit #photography RT : New Headshots by on order at #ArgentumPhoto - Let's do this!!!
RT : Happiness is my destiny...
I don't know about you but I'm expecting for a victory over Chivas USA! #RCTID No Pity Coast to Coast!
Smh Central was like jail today....
god not gods lol. I see god as the unmoved essence of everything. Not a pissed off old vouyer
#LA #Museum of the #Holocaust is OPEN today. Come hear Sol Berger's incredible story of survival today at 12:00 PM. Admission is free!
I ta ta tweeted you today 😲
They had several flavors, the only one I can remember was a cinnamon flavor. All of the sharks loved them! Very creative and smart...
"Off brand bitch" lol
Pure is looking for a digital project manager. Know a good candidate? Tweet me.
My Love n I been together for 5yrs n our sex still b on fire!
#Top5SongsofAllTimeForMe 5. R kelly - the worlds greatest
“What you leave behind is not what is engraved in stone monuments, but what is woven into the lives of others.” ~Pericles
Hi Kelly! Thanks for the follow!
don't get in the way of me making mistakes!!
You sharin.? RT : finna eat some cap'n crunch
needs to stop being so M.I.A. n not forget us little ppl, who want nothing but to know they friend still alive n well :)
Storm coming out of Watertown area has power to create damaging hail.
It's late, I should be in bed. But instead, I'm doing yoga...in my work clothes. Maybe next time I'll think twice before coffee at 8:30 pm..
panic at the disco
thats what i thought danny!
no shortage whatsoever.... :-)
#nccetl kids want dynamic resources not just textbooks- it's possible to embed more & more
Never allow loneliness to drive you back into the arms of someone you know you don't belong with
Really? A paragraph only, huh? You've given me something to think about. Thanks.
A laugh! And yet, I fear you must wait till circumstances arise that will sanction a closer intimacy.
Then I saw a nigga with a polo shirt where the horse ws so big the man ws on da bck of the shirt! Com on son dat shit aint real!
they are brown most of the time only when its like a full moon or something is when they turn dark blue.
Ray Charles!
I'll be presenting at 2:15 in the presentation room.
I've always guiltily appreciated MNF's love for the Bears and wondered what possible reason they could have for it.
yeh that's the one I'm talkin bout lol
Trayvon's history is extremely relevant to whether he may have attacked Zimmerman. If he has no record, that's relevant too.
Best night in a long time (:
lolz I dunno I'm half asleep here
My mom and I watched it all the time when I was little. My favorite is always "Chicken Soup With Rice," but it also has...
Great folks to follow:
YES PLEASE! RT > : How about we announce the winners of the Maya Jane Coles picture disc 12"?
ah i gotta wake up at 6am, but i'll wait a little in case someone uploads soon! hehehe
House hunting in Methuen / Dracut for a sunny 3br/2bath GEM with fireplace on 1+ acre with finished basement. NEW! Priced to sell. Call BFH!
RANDI, he had you saying jackme off (er)
Back at work after a wonderful week of vacation off the grid. Feeling rested and recharged.
#artsummit in session on Global connectivity, what responsibility does developed world have to developing world arts?
Toy story 3!!!
what heat were you in
YES. That's a perfect analogy.
The Red Rocks are amazingg, my favorite one was the snoopy one(:
Jan Baum is up now, talking about Interdisciplinary Object Design #designconvo 37
yeah, he saw my get up kids shirt, I think that tipped him off!
My best friend is literally fucking insane and this relationship has become so toxic that it needs to just be ended. Cold fucking turkey.
Andre miller sucks.
yes, that's been fixed.
thanks husband Chris for the Happy Birthday message: "In a world full of wonders, you are among the most wonderful of all."
RT : Loving reading the #cbsdayinthelife series. Can't wait until next August!
awesome job at House of Blues last night! LOVED you!
Wish I was at
Does she refer to herself as "Cleaning Lady" or "Cleaning Person?"
clearly haha, btw WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS!!!
k I will! :) and omg Hoot Fest Is Gna be AMAZING!! :)
Women & Men ’s Comfort Fit Titanium Wedding Band – 6 mm
I'll have to check dates and such, I need to attend a warped this year
well i didnt know that.
to work within a system of checks and balances for the good of WE THE PEOPLE!
what a great day for me and for all my followers, tell me if posible if something great happened to you today
so sad I couldn't see last night at homecoming 💔
Somehow I have developed an Irish accent by talking to my cousins. School tomorrow should be interesting now
“When someone breaks your heart, someone else is waiting to fix it.”
Super excited! About to see in downtown Indy!
Going in at 11 today, so I'm spending the morning writing and looking at all the outfits from the Met Gala. All of them.
RT : coalition is bringing folks together to #extendlearning. Great 2 see & others stepping up 2 give...
Read all of tweets before you go to school. That's what I always do..
Firefox < Google Chrome
Who's that guy?
it's a laying on the floor listening to '69 love songs' by Magnetic Fields sort of day I guess...
I would watch John Carter 10 more times before I'd sit through Hunger Games again. Please let everyone who's over the age of 16 reject this.
Life and family are great. Son just turned 7. Rocked a orange glaze pork tenderloin last night. #waytooexciting #feelinold ;-)
You live in California?? I'm jealous.
Happy Birthday hot mama
over something stupid. That I dont give a fuck about. But I guess its my fault?
#TwSIG Listen and follow first, and learn the twitter way of conversation. Be responsive and forthcoming and in real-time. Celebrate comm.
There's good information to share with my #jour111 students in this lecture, but I must admit to picking a snoozer of a lecture.
Yeah I got wifi.... didn't say it was mine.
icons website is hacked. again.
EveryDay Im Chucklin :D x
Taking the lane has added benefits. As cyclists we have power to slow down cars for pedestrians & everyone else.
He's the guy she loves, the guy she's waited to get online, the guy she waited for his calls, but he's also the guy who didn't love her back
What is trending right now? We like to stay up to date what the cool videos are so help us out!
you're the coolest dancer in rochester todd! So glad were friends! Thanks for spreading my love! You rock
How did this come together? There's a chance I can swing by.
“: The chorus of, "Without You," was done by the incredible - go follow him!” much love
A little over 2 more months and I'll be 22 -____-
It's awkward but now if you have sex with bananas and condoms, you'll.know what to do.
The ski conditions at was awesome today! If you were not there, you missed it! Loving the Moguls on the Upper Omigosh. :)
#BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!! :) <33
If you're happy, if you're feeling good, then nothing else matters
that's like shit! :p Loll
Miss you too! Hope all is well in sunny Cali!
Playing Angels and Kings in Hollywood tonight.
you trying to play there?
Happy v-day everyone. I hope no one had to work as hard as I did today! :-)
Just met one of the bee green team at the kitchen, the complete opposite of my stuff, all veggies and healthy things!
Say this out loud: Alpha, Kenny, Body. Retweet if you get it
“: VIDEO GAME LOGIC: Everyone worst than you is a noob and anyone better than you has no life.”
Back to Back doubles by Mayberry and Galvis and the Phils lead 1-0 heading to the 3rd.
excited to get out of snowy(hopefully) denver this week to napa for world of flavors chef summit in napa- will post pics!
other movts much easier but first movt is a killer! harmony sophisticated and profound! real late Bach wisdom! out of this world!
um maybe
there's a cop with a k9 walking around my apartment complex
ok watched it. Um does #cougarmariah realize he's not 18? And more importantly neither is she?
Happy Saturday everyone! I love that's a bit cold in the morning..time for some coffee and oatmeal!
I love that view. I was out by the lighthouse today too and laughed when I saw that party cat thing. Strange.
#ReasonsToNotCallBack Your message was 5 minutes long. I don't want to hear that than hear it from you. Ever.
I can't wait to watch Bayless play in the summer league, I hope he does well at the point.
"Goodbye TV a.k.a E.I.R. - electronic income reducer"
wait they just won! (:
ill share
everyone will forget about it, just don't reply to the haters. let them hate, they need to get a life:)
Lotsa internet meme costumes. Seen at least 3 Nyan Cats. Love it.
Listening to the Aria from Le Nozze De Figaro always calms my nerves. Needed. Editing Funk
Loved #theboss "born to run" on
I swear to god if my parents don't shut up...
turn to you brings up so many memories of my mom raising me as a single parent. so inspired <3
Vote for Us On The A-List!
Hugh S/O to for always holding me down with the shout outs n respecting the grind I appreciate u homie!!!
Oh yes! LOL RT : Tyson Beckford is trending? Did we go back to the 90s? If so, I want Bryce Wilson from Groove Theory lol
good morning!.. Have a great race weekend!!
ME TO!
Thanks for the RT!
Glad Capuano gave green light to " get a little bloody" thats what unions do best! getting bored w all teh non-violence
yezzir!! Text me your account
Thanks lady! Still getting used to your new Twitter handle. Miss Panthergirl!
professional = they are paid to play. If you actually meant "major league" then of course :)
if i say to my two year old "its mine!" hell go "i spend it" and if you say it first he'll go "no I spend it daddy!!" so funny.
#ThankYouAlexConstancio for being a true gentlemen; #AlexIsATrueGentlemen ❤
A1. Usually just word of mouth. We get lots of word-of-mouth at our place, so that's usually the best source ;-)
hahahaha, you would just for that reason to!!
Need a kick stand the way I lean #racks-on-racksOn-racks lol
Shine.Follow your dreams.Find your way.Don't let anyone judge you.And don't worry you won't be alone with me there!;)
that's exactly what's on my mind this morning!!!
I just couldn't help myself :-x
So busy;never have time 4 this anymore. Hello everybody #Blessed 2 b up & gettin ready 2 clean my tank. I know my fish yelling at me lol
just saying kid...especially as I apparently "coerced" u to the future.
My hair is full of secrets. ;)
#rangers In 162 game season, I get Ron Washington's mentality, but in a SHORT series, you cant keep Young hitting 4th. Use Cruz or Beltre!
@ the Library: Saturday Librarian! Hopefully today will be better than yesterday's train wreck of a day.
...WHO WANNA JOIN MHEE.
the way she dance you would think she used 2 be a stripper lol
I love my mom so much she's really the greatest and is always there for me and she's just hilarious. <3 #HappyMothersDay :)
It's a bit cloudy today in NYC, but the weather says spring is definitely here! Get out and enjoy the next few days of warm & sunny weather!
tried it out- it's good! I like the cute character. did find it a little difficult until i got used to jumping on walls.
I wonder if th group wants to hanf today. ?
#Outsidelands line up is full of Gems but once again I wonder what age demographic are they targeting with their headliners?
So much to do before the show Friday. Make cd's/samplers make samples for new songs shave my dirt stash ect...
MISS YOU !!
*raises hand on ur #thirstrap RT: I need a man that'll cook and wash dishes"
Sigh. It's been so long since I've seen you, you've made my bucket list. :)
same shit twistin up and watch tv
I never call, she know whats up
NICE RESALE, NICE RESALE, NICE RESALE...just launched and going strong at BVEN Boutique. More will be added daily! shop online at...
does the rpi factor in teams rated 250 and 340 are no different when say a UK plays them? Is this hurting uk's SOS?
aww! hahaha yayy thank you so much for listening to it!!
I seriously hate political polling. Lived in NV for 2010 H Reid/Sharron Angle race. Polls had her ahead; he won, cited poll flaws in speech.
thank YOU, sir :)
working on weekend plans
The soil they walked upon was choked with the pulverized matter fallenfrom the cloud
impressive and nice profile pic, btw : )
I already had those germs. So I wasn't really afraid of them.
that was not said in jest my friend. That is my prediction.
drawsomething and find out
Be with someone who knows what they have when they have you.
Business Cards
HAHA. Now that's a good one!
To tree or not to tree... They smell so lovely, but not sure I want to deal with ornament boxes!
evacuate the dance floor pumpkin!!!!
Thanks for the follow, man. I followed back. Check out the baddest guitarist on the planet,
We are watching Blazers shootaround. RJ is here first for the #spurs as usual.
Just hit my broken hand 😖
how do i unblock someone?
Thank you! Try out one of our free classes; 5PM Penmar park today & tomorrow! RT NOW FOLLOWING
Happy Columbus Day, for those of you that celebrate genocide.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR HOSTING LAST NIGHT! YOUR SO WONDERFUL LOL
me too! haha
thanks4 the follow I think Prince is the greatest and his fans are loyal his music is priceless loved his movies prince4ever
Congrats to Rl9's own for committing to Coastal Carolina university Tristan Curtis proud of you homey.
let me know how they turn out, or if you come across / adapt a good recipe...
How has reading a live-tweeted program been meaningful for you?
Reading Romans 11-13 today. Join me.
They are actually really nice people. Totally get it. Mind you Ive never heard their music.
Black Manta now part of the Light!!!
[Campus Bulletin] Ah, what perfect weather to remind people that Spring Break is over and wrench them back to our bleak reality.
You know you live in LA when you're stuck in traffic and the light changes 3 times but you only move 10 feet ahead.
Had a blast hangin' with last night at the #CaptainAmerica premiere & after party. Definitely worth checking out the movie & game!
25 page article? No thanks.
I would literally do anything for an egg bagel toasted with butter right now
RT : If Speed does a The Day show on the 54th running of the Daytona 500, they'll have to call it The Week.
U guys rock
now looked good in the beginning, but I think it looks awful now. But it does cover my flecks of grey regrowth a lot better than
Better check my messages. You obviously have me confused with someone else.
#yes it does. Nothing on the weekend to look forward to anyway
rose betta play
We can't keep up with the interviews today! was interviewed by KMBC in KC, and by KSN!
Today's tale: The Man of Law! www.twitter.com/brackman1066/cbtweets
My pleasure! Great to have you at SLJ!
Excited about the future!
I want them to be all those things I could never be..I want them to aim high as hell and go for it..
I've always wanted an aquarium in my room
How u like that?
MaN. I'm on. This t moble now...pow bitch
Sounds like she has a little bug then.
The 1D concert got sold out for the Universal city walk. 😭
Man i been did that
thnx for rockin the !! Even if a radio edit.
You can watch either of them tomorrow on Hulu.
r u serious pretty much all my twitter BFF's are like famous? That shows i have NO life:(...
its in ur fb inbox right now
I met Jesus today, not Christ, just some puerto rican kid from the Bronx.
I'm N A Gud Mood Rite Nw
Serious about Paula Leaving?? Shes one of the reasons I tune in nightly, Her next destination will be lucky to have her
Ok, extra points for that : Alright Anheuser Busch, definitely loved the "Rescue Dogs" shout out.
When another is speaking look them in the eye focus on their energy give your complete focus to them as if no one else in the world exists
Lol RT : “: I hope OJ enjoys his minimum contract with the Bobcats next season” lol
lemme know which ones you want and sizes homie
We do catering - box lunches too! Check our reference list! 10 percent off for new customer orders. Call today! 614-891-ACME.
#libchat I've had children/teens come to programs where they read out loud - when there's food involved too (behold the power of food)
smiles cross the miles !! love u Ellen
It sure is :L and oh god don't start! <3
You'd watch? You wouldn' join me? RT hmm.. I'd watch if I lived closer :
baby i know you feel me
thank you sir
Was there a share holders meeting today? The amount of Disney news today is crazy!
Waiting for Tuesday to seem like a Monday.
by writing a song about it =) RT : How do you relieve your stress?
hahaha no good guess tho... my mom!
Tonight 5/14 #DC free: Healthy Living for Physical & Spiritual Health / Benefits of #Vegetarian Lifestyle 7PM MLKing Library 901 G St
Has now entered the period of travel weariness where he is willing to endure marriott courtyard marketing spiels in exchange for access ...
Thankful my wrong choices led me to where I am today. Burned a couple bridges but I see I'm better this way.
Remember in 08 when lots of you volunteered to elect Obama? That. Now. Wisconsin. #recallwalker #wiunion. 20 days till election.
and this is supposed to be a "conscious" rapper?!?
. THAT is how you build a base and how you successfully launch a 3rd party.
Having our first New Member Meet and Greet at Jonesy's Eat Bar tonight. Should be fun!
How come when gamblers bet and win, it's taxed as "ordinary" income, but when Romney bets on companies and wins, it's "carried interest"?
And when I do go see when gone high( voice)
I'm so goddamn old it's going to be hard for this WTF'er & fan to stay up and see on - like the 90's,
good deal... we're with you bud!
"Your brand is the real estate you own in someone's mind." - I-have-no-idea can anyone help me with who coined this? It's an awesome idea.
does anybody know of shows we might be able to play?
haha yeah rumors spread to fast, and I don't care so I hear of all this things happen later. And no one minds their own business.
God, regular Pepsi is not that good. Even from a fountain.
$5 BUYS YOU $10 WORTH OF SUBS, CHEESESTEAKS AND BEVERAGES AT LENNY'S SUB SHOP. BUY IT TODAY AT WWW.MYDAILYDEALS.COM
Disagree: Fewer hits/runs means each one is more exciting, more critical. Nothing worse than thinking, "Look, another HR (yawn)."
Huge Night coming up with #Loaded on 3-22-12. Contact me for VIP tables and tickets.
Thanks for the RT :)
The problem is, replace it with what?
Let us now praise famous hobos.
by the way, great shot. You can clearly see the different bill shape from the more common double-crested cormorant.
Night all! I know it's technically morning (here in Lancaster County, PA), but it's dark so "good night" seems much more appropriate. :)
The Encore of Tony Duran lead actor Gene Pietragallo honored in #Pittsburgh 11/10-10am City Council to proclaim "Tony Duran Day
Hey tweeps! Give a shutout to #CommunityAction agencies all over the world making a difference in peeps lives - today is their twitter day!
You are not the first person to make this claim RT I think you're crazy
man don't even say the word dumpster to me for at least a week, please bro...
My baby braiding my hair and my ass is hurting so bad she better rub when she down
RT : I hate that as much as I love the Sam Jackson one.//She irritates me to no end.
Yo mama is so fat she sat on an ipod and made it an ipad!
I would love it if you'd follow me. I sprained my ankel yestarday and seeing that you followed me would makr me feel better.
I just saw that you had another surgery. Well wishes my friend :)
The pics are blurry, did Justin Bieber get a tattoo of Tim Tebow on his leg?
absolutely. Ad FUNction game have been constructed by kids for years. We help them learn physical skill within games
Everyone appears sane.
Chicago? You're lookin' mighty fine. Mighty fine indeed.
Looks like we have a #hnh2012 showdown going on!! This could get ugly! Best of luck!
A little envious of everyone listening to keynote right now. better take notes!
GET UP! AND GET READY!
Thank God I work in Emergency Medicine.
Incredible support network for those who dream of making a dent in the universe. Stop talking #startmaking (via )
Is Jesus merely a “guest” in your life? Let him take up permanent residency in your LIFE!
...and while you're perusing the KL5-FILM website, check out their podcast (featuring a theme song from 2 Cent Bridge)!
Just saw this news thanks to RF Corey Hart has a meniscus (cartilage) tear and will require surgery. Possible DL stint.
RT: : Decisiveness is a characteristic of high-performing people. Almost any decision is better than no decision. -Brian Tracy
The bad part about being the only one one from your school at this festival is that I'm extremely lonely now...
people get suspended at my school for the stupidest things i swear.
Cant wait to leave this shit hole tomorrow
Mother Day we're eating at the Hibachi Grill in West St Paul. Asian might not be your usual mommy day treat but we like it
brainstorming great marketing ideas with the team today
I should get on this account more(; haha(':
you like it though
Lunch with my florida family! I love them!
Thanks to everyone that came in for the Blow Out Party tonight - it was a pleasure having you!
Q2: Almost never
Devastated. you're a kink chick and rocked my world for months! On to the next one I guess..
nice pull!
woohoo! So glad to break the 1k mark for you guys! Thanks so much!
I miss: ❒ My friends. ❒ Being happy. ❒ The person i used to be. ❒ The good times. ❒ My childhood. ✔ on
me too! I've always wondered about their power over children.
Totally! I hide my tattoos cus of work but once someone sees them they think I'm some sort of rebel rocker -_-
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily 2
Im somewhat dressed like a candycane. it's the best I could do w/ the things in my closet. white long sleeve w/ extremely sparkly red shirt.
Been seeing my bestfriend more often lately...
There were 3 fouls on that one corner kick! Come on, United!
please help spresd the word of kony he must be stoped please help the children watch the video kony 2012 please
After seeing Alexis Bledel as Beth in #MadMen, I'm even more convinced she'd be perfect as Ana Steele in
I facetimed my friend for like an hour and a half haha
I swear after watching this 2 day event. I will never bully anyone in life. What a great lesson to learn as I watched her go down.
thx for rock staring twitter tonight! hope all is well :)
book restaurant reservations in advance. have the dole whip dessert at the Polynesian resort.
robert is you, billie is to sofi, and jared is my!!!
Joe Vampire, number 24 in comic fiction. Woopwoop!
What's going on tonight?
So just say Ok?
I think earned another raise today; deserves more $ 4 being publically disrespected that way.
I love your blog, great posts. We should get in touch and talk career services at some point.
There is a real unemployement of about 20%, what do u expect?
just hardcore mom armed me.
Showtune Saturday Night!
RT : I had a great time being on with you guys! Let's call Lasorda and get him to my Area 51 Alien Cathouse!...
yes. I love Trader Joe's
It's love/hate watching #supernatural knowing i can't have the impala
lol. it worked out. the trails are lit, just not as much light as i'd like.
Choosing Your Mortgage Amortization
just saw Jason Kidd & Dirk Nowitsky check into Four Seasons in G'town!
whos the coach?
When you do, I promise to read it… most of the way.
its live!
let us know it's you for a free drink!!
RT : Need your credit cleaned up. I have the effect person for you....what's up with it
I'm Hungry O.o
#patsyclinetix John C. Reilly I fall to pieces
Recording sessions all week....woohooo!!!
Haha band is funny today
what's Zurich like?
"TONIGHT WE'RE SUCKING OUR OWN ****" Justin: "What is happening."
It should read "Please keep us in "MIND"" Otherwise great tweet. Let me know if you need assistance in Washington State.
"I am Love, I am Light: I am a Star Shining Bright." I challenge you: say this 3x outloud without feeling shame, doubt or fear
your welcome! :)
i'll be your princes <3
Trying to think positive . It's hard at the moment .
SO WATS DA MOVE FOR TONIGHT???
RT I gave to Big Bros Big Sis of NW Michigan!
Grandma G killed me!!! the show isnt the same without pier
Ah I saw #BetterInBlack as a trending topic!💗
I've said this before, but I'll say it again. Guys with glasses are like Bacon on a burger! Just saying...lol
S/0 to my new follow
at 8am the most powerful ppl in the world are starbucks employees
TONIGHT! Acme Comedy Theatre at 8PM. Be there!!! Krystyna's Making a Fool of Herself at the Acme Comedy Theatre!
So many white rappers now...
Listening to on Blog Talk Radio.
Denver: The only team in history willing to sacrifice a virgin in exchange for a championship.
Join me at Doc's Gourmet Cafe & Soup Bar in downtown Philly on November 18 noon to 7 PM.
hey there :)
How many people have checked out Denver Restaurant Week? Does anyone have a new favorite hot spot? If so, please let us know!
Exciting weekend :) Canada tonight and cedar point with Greg for the weekend e
you look so cute! Even though it's a long time ago.c:
hey wats up
Thank you, Cool Springs Starbucks, for letting Me move a very large table across the room so I could plug my laptop in!
I see on the video feed for
you are very funny man. keep it up!!
no definite plans at this point, but would love to go back!
Good Morning Bob!!!! Listening as I drive to NYC. Missed the coffee song.
figures Samsung would. They make most mobile screens, most TV screens (including most of Sony's), etc. etc.
Bucks have a better chance to beat out the Sixers anyway
Thanks for all the plugs, John!
HELL YEA I DID TOMAS! brittany was the shit back in High school sir lmaoo dont even front
Nice! Would love to hear what you think about it and see some footage!
my papers are whit and my dank is green, stuff it, roll it and let's get keyed.
I'm going to throw a roll of toilet paper at if she tries scaring me. Mother fucker.
Thanks to you both for sharing our holiday message!
Thanks! Glad to know someone is out there reading what we have to say.
We have a tool from which to evaluate new ventures, projects, or significant undertakings for strategic "fit."
I appreciate your prayers. I miss him all the time. He was a great person.
Knight Challenge city tracker project making water color styles based on the toner style Great stuff #foss4gna 2012
hopee my cousin has fun at prom.!
RT “: Sometimes new love comes between old friends. Sometimes the best love was the one that was always there.”
I'm the type of person who laughs at my own texts before i send them, because I'm so damn funny
That episode of SNL was akin to poop.
I want pancakes for breakfast.
I love this email Neil. Wish I could share the whole thing! Very cool and simple.
nathan rocking the shirt under the shirt or what?
Voltron & Street Sharks Are On Netflix? This Almost Makes Me That I Didn't Go To The Strip Club Tonight....Almost...
Please follow us back ... thank you :)
as usual you never invite your sisters
Happy New Year everyone! 2010 was great for us, 2011 will be even greater! Be safe tonight!
When is your birthday? We'll send you a free sample ;)
But I got cakes thats where all my weight is
What if I smell like "Swagger"?
haha! Ok. Posh means sort of prissy, stuck up and such correct? Totty does make it sound much more effective.
not to bad- thanks
I want to so sleepy ": Back 2 sleep"
O dear....Sarah unveiled a plaque...not a plague in 1952...bad typo!! thanks to for noticing quickly. Check him out on Br monarchy.
Hilarious. Man can't eat a donut without getting judged nowadays
We're discussing three films that were nominated for best picture but didn't win and we think deserved to. Thanks for sticking with us!
Spoiled isn't cute or attractive (;
LOL- had it been a long day?
thanks! coming from a hottie a like you, that means a lot!
thanks! It's not for 3 weeks (ringing in my 28th year with the first day of NATO in Chicago! Haha). Still time to plan!
U a WHITE MAN & U grew up livin here in DETROIT? & U 32 yrs old & U AINT never FUCKED a BLACK girl? U been tryin all these yrs??...He lyin
Printing up a lot of t-shirts here in San Antonio for the Baylor Nation! Sic'em Bears!! Pumped about tonight's bowl game. RGIII rules!
get some!!! You guys have a great show and be safe!!!
YOU DID AN OUTSTANDING JOB! Everything was on point! You ROCKED the house! You stole the whole show and your outfit = BAD :)
Olive Garden or Zio's sounds good right about now.
Your friend is much better!!
Been taking a bit of a hiatus on reporting and reviewing music. Lif'e's necessities sometimes get in the way. Still listening.
Homework'd out.
Rev, thanks for the shout out. Can not wait to see what our design looks like.
Updated site...connected to Facebook - ready to roll out in Denver soon!
Next Monthly Screening Friday, March 2nd
Go badgers
thank you.
i have.too ask you something.
I am going to chuck e cheese and be a big kid
Jeff is this you homie?
ill go
well dang...this stinks
not much happened so you didn't miss that much
I hear you like Country Music
ordinary people be slidin (y)
Your always on my mind. Theres nothing I can do to make it stop I seriously LOVE you and it's not a lie...  I just wish you felt the same
Glad will be coming through to check things out also!
Taking my dad to the doctor > school :) I hope he's going to the Chicago doctor! :-l)
This match was so good. FUCK. I miss old WWE.
i'm at #aigapivot too. hope to give you a headnod at least
I tweet your blog posts. They are a great resource. Congratulations!
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
I'm so good! I got the sun shining on my face and a feather under my head. Wbu?
They think just because they drive that police car makes them God or something..
Was amazed at how many videos of lectures were NOT viewed by graduate students
Are there any IT Training Instructors out there willing to take me up on my #CompTIA #CTT+ Certified Technical Trainer challenge?
Cool! RT : Continuous playback is part of the #nextsoundcloud, allowing you to browse while listening
ok.. thanks! Enjoy the day..
Lets kickoff the weekend with a 40 minute tempo run!
“The awkward moment when you're joking with someone and suddenly they get serious.”
happy birthday ! (:
Would you like to submit an article to HONEY? Hit up our home page with the subject "editorial submissions"
i was saying that the privileged men she agrees with dont need to be told. they are already fighting privilege
Such a gorgeous gorgeous day here in Austin! I'm loving it :)
Flavorful Crab Cakes with chile-lime aioli are a hit at Californos - some of the best anywhere! Served with a lemon, lime, great on salad!
time to work the streets...
Flyng out to Minnesota tomorrow for my awesome cousin 's wedding! We'll see how the family reunion part goes...
Why thank you. How goes the review scene lately? I've seen you've been busy. :) alaskanbookcafe.blogspot.com
I'm craving La Casa De Waffle so badly! I've decided we need to take a trip there this week! K thx! :)
: doesn't sleep, he waits. I taught Chuck Norris how to do it.
Hope you're feeling fabulous. I can't wait to get my hands on "HOME" by Toni Morrison.
wishing luck (and lots of wrist massages) finishing signing 150,000 copies of The Fault in Our Stars!
RT : that's the first time someone used D-Wade's health as an excuse since game 2 of the series!
Aye! Lol RT : Guess I'll go to Saga Saturday since my boo is DJ'n
Now updating Facebook from twitter. One step closer to complete world domination!
I want to be the girl you fall for, when everybody else is falling for you.
i gotta talk to you about some stuff !! lol
Good luck to our "Team USA" down at Azteca today!
Bills open 2012 season at the Jets
STOP THE BLEEDING, NUGGETS
Yup yup anytime.
I don't know the question working and some daily tracking polls oversample Republicans & whites etc
stand by your content – the more good content you put out, the more people who will follow your blog
That's alright she said that's alright, take anything you want from me, anything, fly on little wing
o hell yea
Banda el Recodo sucks now they bore the shit outta me with they boring ass love songs
Hey follow me back!
I talk monotone to the people I don't like
is praying for peace and justice for the family of #TreyvonMartin - violation against one, is a violation against all.
you should tweet niall for me. (;
Right? I just tried calling right now... No bueno.
House ed committee still caucusing on HF 517! Have yet to take up one of the 25 amendments. Going to be a late night.
There R BEAST in this GREAT country of OURS that feel they can play with lives of THE PEOPLE. WE NEED to UNITE to stop this!
Create and discover or grow "stale" and stagnate the choice is yours
has already proven MORE durable than 2nd best Bear QB this side of Luckman, Jim McMahon.
but he prefers me (:
That's too bad. You should get in your car & do street corner lectures. Go guerrilla!
Facebook annoying af. I'm sticking to this foreal.
Except your writing skills... RT : I appreciate everything I have.
The fact that finishing college work before 1am is a success is pretty ridiculous but I guess I'd better get used to it
Thanks you to all my new followers
hm, can't figure out something good for #lunch. Whats the best, new lunch spot in #Austin?
What a great thing to study! Best of luck!
I wish I could bring my bed to school today, that would make everything so much better..
Any way to automate Adobe Illustrator CS5 RECOLOR ARTWORK? I have grayscale library built for CMYK art conversion. Laborious to do 1-by-1.
Trying to stay awake after a morning sales meeting.
I'm cooking on Twin Cities Live at 3:40pm today. On the menu: French Dip/Italian Beef sandwich hybrid. I have 5 minutes to get it done.
Tweet us your 2-day Ziptrip ideas and you could win $150 free driving! Winner announced today. Use hashtag #getoutandzip!
Mom to me: "I better get a real card, not an e-card for my birthday next year, who raised you?... Don't answer that."
Some #FF action for authors on my kitchen shelf:
Finally got a much needed facial & stopped by Wahibs for some Mideast dinner take out. Ran into friends having dinner as well & chat it up.
There's a right way & wrong way to do things, one way is going to take u longer.
Glad to hear that!
Can I Please Get A Follow Back <333
The whole MMG goin be at pinnicle this weekend might go there but then again I wanna go to the lil wayne concert
you will feel a change but after a short amount of time you will have no problems. I would run 6 miles a day with a 60 lbs vest.
There are only two kinds of people in the world, The Irish and those who wish they were.
The two other guys on the elevator both had boxes of brownie mix, what a strange coincidence
I still got it for ya
Twitter should have a in relationship and single button.
You must be talking about a third party here. RT great minds.
should i call?
Real eyes Realize Real lies
Haha. Dr. Merrigan calls Compass "good enough for government work" to start! Welcome input, questions, feedback.
I've probably followed relegation even more closely than the United/City war. However, relegation and league title are huge in the same gm.
ANSWER THE PHONE!!!!
this is the last day that can be called a 15 year old singer from texas. so tweet it while you can
I hate this website.
Obnoxiously blasting CMT because I am the only country music fan in this house! Can't wait til June 6th!!!! #CMTAwards :)
Jesus succeeded in every part of life that we failed
Somebody? ANYBODY!?!? “: Anyone? Taco Tuesday?”
Good work, Eloy. Nice guy always. “: How about taking to the prom because she didn't have a date
Grade school kids touring the library. It amuses me that the only noisy thing about them is their teacher hissing "shhhh! shhhh!"
RUN IT UP THE TIME IS YOURS
YES RT IF YOU LOVE THAT #proudof1d is trending worldwide and is infront of CHER! MWHAHAHAH
wow. Really?
I am #dramlaxing tonight with an 18-year-old Bowmore this #whiskywednesday & a caramel sauce made w/12 yr old Macallan
Word! ": #Scorpio can see through fake or false fronts as if they have on x-ray glasses"
- Just got done watching Bigdaddy lols aint seen dat junt in a long ahh time but its still a good movie :)
I'm assuming Austin is vegetarian-friendly... Right? Any downtown suggestions?
I think some don't get wanting to avoid hydrogenated oils, HFCS, artificial colors, choosing organic, etc.
We're looking forward to it! Cheers!
Let's shock the world today!
love you more haylee
Darn it! Damn my procrastination! Now I really can't see the show tonight :/ it's the first I've missed in years!
I ain’t Mumford, I ain’t tryin’ to have sons
Thanks so much you guys ... very kind of you to say, Jeff! :)
Livin life! :] you ever gonna roll out here?
I guess I didn't exactly picture my birthday sitting on my couch alone crying
Hi! TFTF! Loved reading ur insight: "these women, with few exceptions, did not marry Presidents; they married men"
Counting the days until spring is official yet this past winter makes me wonder what we'll be seeing for temps. Summer could be hell like.
hola thanks for follow damn better get #politicsofwomensculture out soon :)
That wld b funny if u were talking abt climate & not weather. RT It's hot enough to fry a climate change denier on the sidewalk.
i am great actually! im just hungry :p what about you?
Rest In Peace Davey Jones, one of the Monkees, you made people happy.
There are winners, there are losers and there are people who have not yet learned how to win. ~ Les Brown
I called you twice, but my phone may hate your phone. Just found your gps in my car. Want me to drop it off tomorrow?
Does loving WolframAlpha make me a nerd? :)
Obama: "We pledge to be more transparent... b/c more information on gov't activities should be open, timely and freely available to our ppl"
dancing to move your body by beyonce
Put ur feet in cold water..... I hope this helps
Just got the edit back from our first calendar shoot. #news to y'all this project will be #EPIC #retweet please
Infirmary, extended spring training. Same thing.
Your release form doesn't say shit about not refunding money. Let me clear this up with your lawyer boss man.
Those #Imagine's Are really good!!!!!!!
thank you! Mine kicked off with a cocktail...can't complain. Hope u are having a fantastic Saturday!
Life is great
Thanks Tom, glad to have you back anytime :)
!!! RT : If you have to use that tweetlonger shit, you weren't meant to be RTing anything.
So tired just recorded 3 songs! leggo
Yes, my last couple of tweets and yours are in agreement. That may be the key to his political calculation.
"Dear Luis, I want to get to know you. I want u to know I have a GIGANTIC crush on u. I dont like broccolli" "I dont like broccolli either."
Las Vegas or bust! I'm on my way
Conrgats, Austin! Saw that quote last night- inspired me as well.
you will get everything together love :) dont worry !
