He must be getting burned out like Hogan did in the early 90's.Its tough to go full speed for 10+yrs and not get ran down.
next time!, next time!!!
Double whoa
Hey, I have some things that need to be mended! Ha! Keep out your needle and thread!
Lots o' magic for the soon-to-be newlyweds, kith and kin. A wonder-filled evening with great music and a great audience. Thanks all!
Listening to Taylor Swift on repeat is pretty amazing right now.
I found four chips ahoy. My day has been made.
Buying a nice little moped for the summer with my first paycheck. Fuck yes. Only 400 bucks. Totally worth it.
just woke up....now bout to hope in the shower and get these kids from school
Takes one to know one HOE
i gotta go to the dentist this early
There's Irish music playing and some guy is talking about blowing Clydesdales. Oh, St. Louis.
Fortunately there's no audio involved with Twitter
a petition to get them suspended? I thought they would want to get back on campus? LOL
umm I'll have you know that and I are only ever extremely classy...and lazy.
Got on Facebook today and every last thing i saw was prom pictures
T-Shirt Please! Thank you!
"Happy Valentine's Day"
I dunked on u too but it was to easy
RT : Do you realize someone out there doesn't have a name because Ben Jarvus Green-Ellis took so many?
Kaii.. U have a girlfriend and ur flirting with her. Umm..
My editor just renamed his editing time line LOCKED PICTURE. Home stretch!
I'm playing in it and I was told from someone on my team the dodgeballs that will be used are just foam...
so "excited" about the dentist this morning, i forget my belt. this is what old age is like?
is doing mad Excel hacking on the webinar.
Stuck at a wack ass train
i havnt ben ta sleep ad seein dat she txtd me madii mi heart skip a beat <3
agreed! Have a great day back to school
fetti said did you put a password on the facebook page??
Any other less touristy areas?
I'm finna wake him up.
We love that Holly's grandparents have a winery in central California. Their homemade wine makes for great client holiday gifts!
Dude, you should follow this guy Rob. He's such an amazing person in so many ways, and so funny!
Time to stop the music and eat food…
You know I'm embarrassed in front of drivers as if I'm babbling incoherently rather than saying OW DaHAMN my BaHACK makes me LiHIMP! Ice?
help the invisible children and stop Kony!
Hahah remember those interviewrs that made Niall read about the first time she got a bra, hahah i was dying :)
you went school?
Oh. And here I thought I finally knew what Dubstep was...
Packing... One of my least favorite things to do. Next time I'm hiring someone to move for me!
my boss went to Florida without me for #IE's
working on the new new.
"Everything is Wrong" was such a great album, why did Moby have to sell out?
I just had to find the same Bitizen twice in a row. Someone in my Tiny Tower's a bit high maintenance!
- no vision. when asked why package business was ceded to FedEx/USPS, reply was "we have no warehouses." why not get some?
my favorite hanne-face.
Javier is a star. Sad his people don't get how to market that.
B the change you want 2 C not what others want 2 C!
iv gotten a tweet a RT gotten an autograph & meet him in person all I need is to see him Live & all my goals will be complete
lol u know i have 1 more workout in the tank lol
yes sir I am, let me know what you're doing I'll be in town fri-sun
YOUR MY FAVORITE TEENAGE RAPPER & I FREAKING LOVE YOU SO MUCH. AHH IF YOU TWEETED OR FOLLOWED ME ID CRY.
negative, it can apply for my whole career but specifically meant here at LJPD
WJZ about to be flooded with angry calls after switching away from the Orioles-Red Sox in the 15th to go to 60 Minutes
YOU SO FAKE lol
Just scored tickets to the and show tonight! Happy Friday to me and !
lol. I cant. This dream was different i saved u though even though i died. I saved u
Follow the way of the WORD!!
I've been to Bennachin before. it was just as amazing this time. All the veggie dishes are #vegan. If you want alcohol, brown bag it
really needs to sync notifications across clients, marking replies and DMs as read on four devices is getting a bit tedious.
Samuel Tso, 89, one of WWII's 400 Navajo Code Talkers—who used the Navajo language to baffle Japanese code-breakers—has died in Farmington.
oh yeah the crying - had a cat that wailed and also spewed fluids from every possible outlet. moving long distances was hard
If you don't value your people, they won't value you or the business you represent.
Thank you Gia! We need to chat, I have a group for you!
you'll have to let me know lol
When I leave Miami, I'm leaving everything behind.
Nice! Tomorrow finally. Husky sideline is the plan. RT : Hawks Nest, Section 149 row DD. When are you picking?
Shakeup Call is awesome, already got a cease & desist, and provided an n-value in their survey results.
wait for what?
Why are people picking on now? Is the news cycle really *that* slow?
hey I'm on your band wagon so follow me too
clearly you've never dated a macadamia. total psychos.
I feel you girlfrannnnnn. Ha, "Alcatraz" was so bad at trying to be in SF. So obvi Vancouver
Talking to until 1 in the morning, then being sleepy the rest of the day #SoWorthIt 😘
Think like a heathen, speak liks genius..
I think we all have relationship problems but once we've got them figured out loving is the only thing on our minds :) <3
I LOVE HER SINGING FABULOUS BABY! It just sounds SO easy..
hey I'm movin there in march, maybe we can do lunch. :) Christinaleona.com --> check my blog out.
have you heard, 3D is back, and it's the future, and it has been for a long time!
you're my inspiration! i love your songs because i feel that you write every passing moment a teenager. Sorry for my English
shockingly the leading scorer left in the playoffs with 12 pts is Ilya Kovalchuk leaving him only 5 pts behind Giroux who had 17 in 10 games
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me. - Kurt Cobain
HB1136 has brought child care discussion to the floor.much more discussion is needed but let's applaud the concern & attention
I told u I'm tired of fakes you show me you are one
Well dag nab it. Hm. Both my browsers aren't showing. I'll check back. Great work in general btw.
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld - anything with chris tucker!
yes, great to meet you too.
Comm. Gomez adds her voice to Davis call for low-income employment
Q. Why doesn't Ohio slide off into the Ohio River? A. Because Michigan SUCKS. [RT if you agree!]
how is it supposed to be used?
I'm excited! Thanks :)
Jon McCoy's slides are giving me seizures.
Love talking with !
You had me at "Hello"
Let It Snow!
Datsik tickets any anyone?
I sent you a message :o : Why, did something awful happen?
We want to play in your town. If you live somewhat close. And only probably. But seriously... what's the good word?
omg omg omg omg!
thanks for the follow! Do you accept law articles?
ha...thanks...i redid it just now...i just bumped up the bpm...from 126 to 129...sounds better
It is what he says, brother. Also, I did not put verse address in my tweet on purpose. You asked for it.
Shower me with love & I'll shower you with kisses! <3
Same can be said about men but our fall from grace is less severe since we don't strive to look our best to begin with.
Today I got one page I really liked, then most of my remaining writing time got eaten by dumb time-sensitive bureaucratic necessities.
feed me at the music box tonight!!
Taking Mario to my church on Saturday, well hopefully ^-^
There is no reality except the one contained within us. That is why so many people live such an unreal life. They take the image
can i help
will it be on the satellites for all radios when it goes permanent in June?
all the spangers passed out. At least one named Kaia or marley.
yup. Hawks don't need more of his inconsistencies
Going live in 5 minutes
“Some momentous news: war had broken out in Europe, a world war involving Germany, Russia, France, and England”
": RT Allegra D commercial just came on. Did you know that its for diabetes? ;)" this made my day.
We def need you and your friends involved in our campaign!
clearly you are aiming low.
Thanks Nora! We're counting down the hours till we go!
I really hate automated direct messages. Please everybody--just stop! It's enough to make me unfollow you!
S. Illinois. Near St. Louis.
Bed at 9:30 on a Saturday.. Yes please
thank you ron :-)
Place your order for delicious game day desserts soon! We know how to add some decadence to your Superbowl Party!
Who else is going to Texas Conference for Women tomorrow?
What have you heard about Jack Rose Dining Saloon? Like it? Should I go?
then txt me and do something about it!!😜 jk(;
#TIL that a #NFL ref with less than 5 years of service can make $50k-$60k per year...
One day when the sky is falling I'll be standing right next to you
Prof Bies: Balance action with retreat. Best place for solitude on campus is Dahlgren Square. Second best - Leavey Esplanade (roof).
Do you have a chiropractor? We fix many injuries, even severe ones without surgery successfully.
Been watchin B.E.T. Like all day! I could watch this for days!!!
Thanks Kent!
mmsacco: Some vendors took hard economic times to a new low. Leftover Christmas candy as giveaway? Please.
Sometimes when I'm bored I sit in my refrigerator, and pretend I'm a gallon of milk.
Thx! ": Good to see you back in the twitterverse "
people who i will be playing some music with in the next 32 hours- old town school sephardic music ensemble, gHOST project and mi yodea.
my baby has launched. cc:
What a shot by Braun
Good catching up and chilling with and a lil bit at midnight breakfast. It hit the spot!!
There have been worse days than today, but I can't point to them just off the top of my head.
have fun, so its good
for what purpose? I filmed cryotherapy training for the manufacturer of a therapy for 3 years.
So I got a croc pot for Christmas. This is exciting. Send tips on what to slow cook and love.
Are lunges part of your fitness routine?
#4famouswords Innocent until proven Guilty
You know who has coffee breath?
How are people even comparing Denard/Terrelle when TP has beat Michigan TWICE & won the Rose Bowl ?! What big game has Denard won?
Movie night with the fam:)
INVITED FOR ONSITE INTERVIEW!!!!!!!!!(TIMES INFINITY) It's 4 hours. Interview marathon.
Screw the couch!
I bet Fredi smells better.
Rain, rain, stay away...want to see #SportingKC play
About to check out at
haha she probably seems like she is but not really! I'm sure you'll be able to go when you get older!
Haha! Maybe I should tell him to try that then! Lmao!
So who wanna go with me to some vs games this weekend let me kno tweeps
you're welcome
I usually just go and grab me a couple handfuls and walk out really fast. Lol - it must be sacred juices or something.
Girls are like phones. We love to be held, talked too but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected!
I don't no
Care more than others think is wise
I will slap u lol :P
"Dude, are you sheepdoggin' her?"
Hard to draw the right lines. But it's a start. Definitely big thanks for any and all feedback!
Bay area music >
If TV comedians are actually funny, why do they turn on an applause sign so the audience knows when to laugh and clap. Jes wonderin?
Omega 3 oils reduce depression during pregnancy symptoms and women who suffer from Post Natal Depression have lower levels in their cells
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 81
alright sounds good i'm on it :)
HEY GO FOLLOW SHE FOLLOW BACK .. AND EVEN YOU HAVE TO ASK ;D
see you there sir! I'm gonna work hard getting out there... Can't we have her boss "make her go?" Lol!
that is amazing! Congrats Chris!
RT : Q5: Fill in the blank! Its my last meal in Chicago. Im about to eat ___________.
Thanks boss hog.
I got home like 5 minutes before the storm started. It was kinda a bitch, couldn't sleep.
Coca-Cola! RT #SportsbizTrivia: This company is the longest-running Olympic sponsor.
it put the steely in Dan
You not at school?!
For the laptop.
First Friday at Crash 45 tonight. 321 E. 45th Avenue, Denver. Come buy amazing, cheap art!
putting in hard work
Can you DM me your name and order number? I'll get with our customer service dpt. and see if I can help out somehow.
im already done bye bye :!
We think it was taken after WWII (helos in the back), but besides that, we don't have any background information. Sorry!
right I'm the same way lol
Happy birthday, Rome! Today is when the ancient Romans celebrated the Parilia, which is also the day when Rome was founded in 753 bce.
In the last 15 minutes my city has turned from blue&gold to pink&silver
Ewww McFarland and your pro Walker yard signs. Ewwwwww.
Happy Birthday Becca!
I love that show!
Titans going to the sweet 16 you heard it hear 1st
& - yes it is awesome! Get some friends to come to the meeting to check it all out!
thanks for the follow!! Hope you can make it to a show soon!!
Finally sitting down and starting to learn #Java and
I didn't even know that flavor icing existed.
Haha no South Park. But I still love Big Chocolate.
I would really want 2 double doubles from in n out
"Being fat is like a trophy for all of the awesome food you ate. Think Positive"
RT "anyone ... have any specialist knowledge about copyright law? RT if you are feeling generous. :)"
can sumbody please go follow she is awesome but she dnt have tht many followers so please follow and ill follow u if u do
The entire starting 5 for Kentucky has declared for the draft. Does this reflect more on the NBA or the NCAA? Or are they just that good?
I agree..if Feingold could only come out of thin air..
you mean like San Antonio? I think they won a few titles.
MLK Long Beach: Memories of business owners on MLK watching their business go up in flames 20 years ago during the LA Riots....
You guys should really download Kik to your phones. It's like messenger texting ^.^ tells you when they read it & are typing.
laptop dead again
I. HATE. THAT.
Man In Remember Getting 3 Shots Just So I Can Go To School This Year -___- everyone had too and it sucked
On my 3rd cup of earl grey today. I'm starting to think I may have a problem.
Hi Jay I just launched an MMA Apparel company, and I was wondering if you new of or have any fighters in need of custum apparel?
is that the cure for the common cold?
Said it before and I'll say it again: Fuck the po-lice
bitches love leaves
Damn so many impressive speakers at the #keystone pipeline hearing last Friday
he's awesome! he was helping direct freshman choir at wisco, but now he's done :( we're trying to get him to come back one time
that was not even close to the zone.
ur pool looks sweet.
One meeting down. Conference call next.
Local brides,check out for great tips on planning your wedding! It's free! Get a copy and use my ad for 10% off photography!
and i can't explain... but it's something about the way you look tonight.
God morning! 'Bout to make some coffee. Why are you up so early?
just checked out your site! you gotta get your bands on Dagnomusic.com its free!
I want to have a twitter party!!!!!
Typewriter fan Steve Soboroff loves the click-clack of carriages
HEY MOHAMMED REPLY HOLY CRAP!!! I"M COMING TOMORROW!!! REPLY HOLY @@#@!
Incredible!! Man City are league champions!! Well deserved....thought they would bottle it but they came good! Well done CITY!
Omfg I hate being me right now I'm so confused right now ugh n I have a headache so not my day at all dis is so not ideal
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 28
Been busy with weather, thanks for sending it this way, not enough snow though. :)
What if the segway is the car wash? “: *cut to video of me riding a segway thru a car wash*”
Whatever we put out, it's coming back to us. The universe keeps a perfect set of books." Marianne Williamson
Balance bikes make great gifts for Easter.
can we see it in 3D?? I want to see a car flying at my head
Dude behind me on the Chinatown bus is telling his buddy about this really awesome band he saw called Ultra Dolphins. Ha!
Ik I'm A Giants Fan But Will U Rock Our Gear If I Send U Some Shirt?
Loving this homework I put off till 5 in the am
uhm... i think you're 19 if you're born in 1993...
RT : A shout-out to NC's Central Piedmont Community College and Jackie Bray!
I'm so good at forgetting and I quit every game I play but forgive me love, I can't turn and walk away.
AH Bears you people sure talk weird lol love that commercial
wanna phone chat this week? PS haven't seen you in over a year. Can't believe it.
Beautiful girls. #seankingston throwback
hey girl, we are at grand central oyster bar. How's the office?
I've been pissed off all day. It's time to laugh a little. "Larry Kroger? All in favor?" "Who cares? We need the dues!"
Thank you to everyone who came out to Seattle Radio Theatre's "Miracle on 34th Street" Sunday night. It re-airs on AM1090 Christmas Eve.
Eminem was spotted exiting a Los Angeles recording studio with Travis Barker behind him
Today at the beach the 1st annual BP Oil Fish Fry
Has anyone had any bad Peruvian Morning? It seems odd to me that it would have taken this long to flag whatever problem there was.
- so, they played the class act of saying today's free item was not out of stock, it just was not here
:) id drink whiskey with you any day ;) <3 you rock
Montee Ball cited for tresspassing during #Mifflin. The guy can come in, punch me in the face, and I'd still offer him a beer.
when Bentley falls right to sleep > when Bentley fights sleep
I bet the reason the British colonized so much of the world is that they were just looking for a decent meal.
What about the 'New Yorker' narratives for a chef?
It's hard to find real Talent out here!!!
Well, yes. And there was a traffic accident.
For clinic updates and pics, please follow us throughout the weekend!!!
Getting tatted with these niggas. Damn
The beautiful, green, shiny plush grass on the other side may not be grass it all it may be turf or some other artificial covering!
is that Japanese for Retire My Jersey?
and by the female gender i mean humans with breasts and vajayjays.
congrats on finally signing with #taylorgang it was always inevitable anyway but great decision. A lot of creativity over there.
Baron Davis might help if he loses 20 lbs. That's a big if.
i know right! thanks for still being a follower<3
we made our images pinable - and people are pinning.
I totally meant to talk more, and to everyone there, but the laws came... :/
You've been taking her for granted, and I hate you for that.
good luck!!!
Good stuff!
the box for kashi is small, but look at the serving size if you're concerned
hahahaha good one. I'd rather be a transvestite than work there
good call.
watching API webinar where giving well-deserved credit to on tracking state of public APIs
Really want to, great social tech stuff going on in the whole region. Are you at #cdp21? If so, say hi to my colleague Julie Chen!
...came in 2 studio 2 escort them to the start of the parade ceremony at city hall. Even then MSG messed it up.
“: What most Americans want is a better life for themselves and their chldren, a small government, the chance to earn a honest dollar”
Preparing to go into the First Business Session at the Alpha Western Regional Convention in Las Vegas.
#askalexconstancio ARE YOU COMING TO CALI THIS SUMMER????<3
You cannot see what you don't look for, and you cannot look for what you don't believe in - Darren Hardy "The Compound Effect"
Got a toothache and now burnt the roof of my mouth with the pizza! Awesome!
Hey are you going to be at the LATimes FOB?
I HATE WAKING UP!!!!
..haPpy BiRtHdAy MO.! loVe aUNtiE & KaLiLi..!
Happy Birthday to my Mommy!
shot me outta the sky you're my JUSTIN bieber
There comes a point when you have to stop beating yourself up over mistakes that you made.
Zombies on #expo line
you do? is there something you need to tell me? not on twitter?
I like when I'm wasted and can correctly remember the person's name and workplace who I am supposed to Facebook stalk. Just saying.
Everyone's filling out their ballots for City Council Pos. 3. We'll update you with the result once they're tallied.
haha, actually, my apt drain clearing experience predated the internets so I ended up calling the maintenance man...
follow before she commits!1
Ugh why are some people so psycho!!?? Someone just called me at work to say they liked what I ate for lunch! Weirdos!!
The Facts on Fracking: Interview with Barbara Arrindell of DCS - Huffington Post
You are a rockstar therapist! Keep up the great work!
Evenings after being on the water all afternoon are so awesome.
'Soft skills' also encompass domain expertise, since it's often needed to establish cred w/ scholars.
Booked a great show for NYE in S.F already!!Stay tuned!!
i hate how craigslist is so not cool anymore
“The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.” - Dr Seuss // Happy Birthday!
Where the hell is zap?
I watched one of those movies in 7th grade and it shocked me for 20 years.
Im just being honest when I say is my girlfriend. I love her <3
matt Barnes played bum so did Blake too.
Great beer tastings with friends tonight. After IPA, pumpkin, porter, stout flights, Dark Lord is still my favorite.
Pickles<3 :D
Nice day for a drive. Pho in VA anyone??
FREE ICE CREAM!!
We needs some more shows anyone have anything good coming up that they need to fill a spot for?
If just 1% of every cat ass in the US was shaved by Rick Santorum & he charged a dollar per shaving...
Going for a hike in the mountains to kick off the weekend : )
I had a CSA last summer and it was so much fun to get all these veggies I'd never seen! New adventures in cooking :).
All human beings are also dream beings. Dreaming ties all mankind together.
Listening to and 2 New Fabulous Albums for 2011 Yeah!!!!
Close friends, sure. But lifelong? I've known my lifelong friends for over 16 years maybe more.
thank you for your kindness
Governor of Iowa is insufferable listen to
Style is knowing who you are, what you want to say, and not giving a damn” Orson Welles
Has anyone else been reading the Aquaman New 52 comic? He's not a bitch! It's pretty awesome!
haha it does not tell you because I think i'm Lmaooooo hahah :* <3
Favorite thing about : I can listen to all the classical stuff for crunch time that I'd never actually buy. Suppe!
HELL MOTHAFUCKEN YEAH ; can I liiiivvveee!!!
and : long time no see... whqts going on?
:) RT : Thanks for continued support...
Your my favorite this year. I have loved everything you have done. You are truly amazing and I hope you win it all!
Haven't seen it yet, but have heard it is really cool. Will see it at the Downtown Greenway ceremony on May 6.
lol I have nothing against her.
LAST MINUTE CANCELLATION! BLUE MAGIC JUST CAME AVAILABLE TONIGHT AT DEEPLY DISCOUNTED RATE. CONTACT US NOW AT 405.447.2446
I know how you feel.. We just miss him. That's all. I hope nobody sends you hate
WHY U UP AT NITE DEPRESSED SITTIN UP EATTIN ICE CREAM IM TRYNA PLEASE YO BODY & SEND U TO BED WIT A PIPE DREAM
Genius! Where you heading for your senior trip? Maybe have friends/family gift you travel towards it on our website? Aha!
Wed, Jan. 25 145pm Liverpool vs Man City – carling cup 300pm Barcelona vs Real Madrid - El Clasico 800pm Panama vs USA – friendly
is now working with Dream Maker Talent Management!
Mike Allen seems unaware that Robert Caro isn't a journalist anymore: he's been a historian for forty years now.
Shook ones
I knew George hill had on brons!!! Lol u playing and paying him.
My twitter game has fallen off the last 7-8 weeks. Miss Harleigh is just too much fun. Will step it up this weekend in the round of 64!
Anyone else get lost going to their room?
I miss u so much my love
The weather in Oregon is just bi polar -.-
I hate.crying. i feel weak.
#IfIwasPresident every school hallway would dispense a different flavor of juice.
You need to layout a pub crawl for RailsConf next year....
survivor addict
Oh awesome. Have fun! Are you bringing other lenses with you?
I can't!
i want to see that smile already numbeerr zeeroo! ;o ♥
NELSON CRUZ JUST GO AWAY
you and Taybray would get along great...oh wait
Alright. im done. im bout to be running & doing a whole lot from now on cause im so out of shape its not funny....
K thinks that it is a negligence on the part of the authorities that is responsible for the death of the woman.
I am sad, I want good music right now!
Jack & Jill. Lol
Sun in my windows always waking me up super early...
lol Harry I bet he is too :P
Today's spot start is Jason Marquis vs Bal.
Well rested. Taking the munchkins out for some fun then I'm watching the Spurs game tonight! ❤🏀😃 BEAT LA!!!
WOW! Double steal!
I've never been happier with zack...but I dunno of I like this person more. (And I'm not doing Amy1 or Amy2...I stay true to 1 man, bitch)(:
it's cause you make guys too nervous to ask you out 😃
so amazing! Come back to Nashville for Teen Hoot?(: please?(:
Hate when you get so into a sport, you get so frustrated when you get taken out that you cry. Only me? Oh, okay...
Always noticed how a serious influx of Fb messages and texts seem to follow having new pictures of yourself on there. Hm.
Beautiful beach day in Avalon. Headed to the Golden Inn soon for some Banana Ds!
what a game tonight! Lebron the King!
Shoutout to a good beautiful person who I have so much respect for!
i wanna sleep until march break
This game is way too close for comfort right now! C'mon, #GOPACKGO!!
Enjoyed meeting great entrepreneurs networking event!
#20ThingsAboutMe 6. I have 6 sisters and like 4 brothers...that I never talk to or see.
Haaha cubs! Go brewers!
Auditions before "lunch": 2. Meals eaten today: 0.
#4famouswords You sank my battleship!
Downtown Compassion event is July 9! find out more about it by following
I hate when girls hate on themselves! I kno I do it all the time too but really c'mon ur not ugly! Ur beautiful #staystrong like
RT : The top selling NFL games on this season have been Packers @ Chargers (11/6) & Packers @ Lions (11/24)
How have I not been reading North Dakota Aviation Quarterly? Don't worry, I'm mending my ways.
Can't believe they have stretched out the finale this much. So sad that it is almost over. GO JORDAN!
When can we expect part 2 of your awesome mix? I'm going to need it since I won't be able to go rd. 2 at long beach T_T
what's your question? I didn't know what you asked me
go sniff a rhino ass
New Course available now! Performance Management Review
and I CANT TASTE ANY COFFEE I WANTED COFFEE
at that means but it's cool
First Person: 3 Home Upgrades That Don&#39;t Matter When You Sell
i gotta go i am so mad rite now i feel like i want 2 kill my self ugh
I'm the fuckin man, you don't get it do you? Type of money everybody acting like they knew you.
Casey: I wonder what's on TV today. Jessa: American flags.
Tron is so lame. There's no plot!
Sounds like the perfect margarita! RT : Rocks. Salt. Please.
If you're here, you're cool. If you're not, well then...
Thanks for providing insights on PDPW #WIDairy conference with your #PDPW12 tag!
Thank you, Jonathan! I hope things are good with you lately. How is it going with your Sarah Farmer research?
did u notice that prince Royce Tweeted me again!
just reported it. Sad news.
follow follow follow
ill fuck u silly
hey we're eating mango lime sorbet and thinking of you! cc
Asimov was wrong about overpopulation. The solution isn't to live with fewer people, it's to build more bathrooms.
we are shooting for late-Spring. So excited to share our plans and meet new friends in
forget u frankie j
popping my twitter cherry
I hope all the new Hokies are following you and saw this tweet. Show them how it's done!
Jesse tuner his Soo cute!!
Taking on any bookings message me or email X JP Visuals. Thank you and have a great weekend everyone.
Cover of the Post today shows how people really are in this world. Get what they need from you, then throw you away. Heartless.
Medicated cookies for all for 4:20!!
we got a good thing Don't know if I'm a see you again But is that a good thing?
I see Justin Jeffre when I go out more often than I see some of my own friends.
I agree. No reason Wright can't return to form of two seasons ago when he hung tough with the best WR's in the league.
What a game - Brazil take the cup 3-2 in extra time! Check out our Brazil prints - have a great weekend!
no one acting peacefully deserves a beatdown.
find it!!
Turnin my check nun but ^…
Happy Saturday! We are delivering lunch! Delivery is always free for 3 or more! 303-623-0525
sorry Wendy she was a boring guest.
Laverne and Shirley?
thanks for the #ff my friend!
TICKET ALERT! CALL 202-560-6264 FOR TIX+TABLE INFO TO--->THE PRESIDENTIAL BOWTIES & DRESSES AFFAIR THIS SUNDAY!
she is good with other dogs. I will never forget either, Charles is mean -___-
It was a great program!! RT : Listening to "On Point" with Tom Ashbrook &amp; Raphel Saddiq on
3.5 inch heels are better if you run out of gas on the freeway. They say "I'm helpless, but dangerous. I also have really strong calves."
thanks for RTing my inquiry about elem teachers using Twitter!
Well get on chat, you cumbersome lollygagger
I sadly had no Mexican food today.. xD whoops.
w.tncnews.com breaking news
Tuesdays haven't been the same since moved to Nashvegas.
lol I won't I just mixed all the names
Is Yahoo mail down or am I the only one who can't sign in?
Senator, isn't it time to give Obama and his policy in Libya some real credit?? Please discuss use of drones as well.
CM Punk and Stone Cold is pretty awesome #onemorematch?
Lol, I can't wait! :-) I'm going to go home and do some "research" so I can add to the awesome commentary.
The WINNER of the TEMBISBOUTIQUE.COM #VINTAGE Dopealicious purse giveaway is her answer
yay! I'm so excited!
Could there be a more perfect throw than Brees's td?
Not knowing what to text back, but not wanting the conversation to end.
LA has some spunk left in it yet ;)
any luck finding it
Nothing quite like catching the late train with all the other people who really didn't want to go to work either.
I might need my car shipped out to LV from South Florida, what steps do I have to take if I wanna make it happen?
Then I am a success :)
Term "Arab Spring" erases position of Egypt in the broader context of Africa and pan-Africanism -Horace Campbell
No...it's called having good taste. :)
Thanks for following my twitter Helene. I should like to listen to your Radio, it sounds fascinating.
I put a 40 in ya ass and make ya ass flat
The earliest I wake up the better day I have
After each fashion show, we will also have a fantasy reception in order to showcase the talents of our vendors - Florence Belcher
Braiding my grundle hairs.... BRB
Chick fil a has the best service ever.
DID SHE JUST ANSWER YOUR QUESTION?!?!?!?!!!
Oh Steve Schmidt you're making me sick.
OT & PT=Practical day to day/ SLP=language development. 2 simple or grains of truth? Do goals conflict or compliment?
#3WordsForYou You invoke vomiting.
#NF the ever so gorgeous === === follow back tho =)
It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech
Love coming home to a clean house I didn't have to clean.
not helpful!
I was just looking at your pinterest; You're inspiring! It was fun crafting with you last night. I'll see you at The Hen tonight!
I think everyone hopes for the best but expects the worst.
I'll replace you like Erin replaced me ;'(
haha i KNOW right
well, at least I'm using twitter's web interface now, so that's a good thing...
You're welcome!
say somethin' baby don't be so shy.
I swear I was with J on Friday!!! We ran over some shrubs and a mail box.. And a cat.. And a bird house.. And a traffic cone.
when are you having on the show w his new outfit?
is in Tokyo right now. What a dream
RT : Never saw Tulo make an error like that before :(
tore up dat cake at lunch lolz
If they make a Radiohead movie, Tilda Swinton should play Thom Yorke.
This season of Mob wives is gonna be crucial !!
Vikings @ Bears tonight at 7:20pm on NBC. Bear Down!!
#2011icf #DavidPeterson As coach:reinforce progress rather than performance. Help them develop a learning orientation vs performance.
No problem glad to connect via Twitter RT : thanks for the RT.
Diligence is the mother of good luck - Ben Franklin. Marketing as math: our number of attempts is a key metric to finding clients in need
Contemplating eating the rest of my Mario's Pizza House steak & cheese for breakfast.
& if we tweet u? RT : Dear Bravo, If I hear "She is a thug in a cocktail dress"1 more time, I'm going to scream.
I'm so glad to have had the opportunity to meet both the #POTUS & #FLOTUS!
miss u to baby :( taking mishay without u sad day
yeah. same here. i wish you luck, and hopefully they will get to him on the 27th
2K11 was my first basketball game for this generation, I loved the 2K series for PS2. so far I'm liking it.
I had a couple of favorite moments turning to see a Nicole Eisenman every now & then.
Congrats!! I'm still two semesters away.
Sorry #Houston I think the NFL world wanted to see a #Pats / #Ravens AFC championship game anyways!
when will you realize,baby im not like the rest
what happened?
Kyle Style is classic.
how about if parents just accept responsibility for and watch their kids!
SEO basics that always work 1-Get links in popular sites 2-Create pages with a keywords in mind 3-Learn to write for Humans & search engines
#ThingsIDislike missing someone
Never made kimchi. Until now.
damn bitch...
yes & many on linkedin check their group feeds on weekends or late nt & any comments made during the week will be there.
I have no life..
For infinity and beyond!:D *jumps off bed with jacket as cape* #ToyStory :]
You can never go wrong with Chipotle...ha!
It's a Helium kind of day. Mary Timony, I <3 you. A lot.
watching my sister talk to herself... LOL
I'm sure in another universe John McCain is wrapping up his first term and everything is frigging puppies, rainbows and zero unemployment.
holy hell i like just posted that one! Best one if the episode
I can't think of a place in Pittsburgh to get a fishcake. Lots of great fish sandwiches, but fishcakes?
I'll check it out...thanks
Two girls from Dayton I met at the Cute is What We Aim For show in 2010 were at the show tonight. So good to see them again. :)
Awards: I'm really enjoying the show right now
fucking love it Tyson <333 shit. Can't wait for the album!!! Ah! Love you<3
Hope everyone enjoyed the show today. Tomorrow will be another day filled with fun and more great dogs.
#bgc8 reunion it's about to go down....
Acting class was a hoot. I was given a monologue from Don Juan Demarco. I performed it slow, fast and over the top. Hadn't seen the movie.
On our way to Deep South Bar w/ listening to Buzz Poets.
The FTC is watching, but have they gone after any bloggers? Or just brands?
Check this video out -- Fright Night Trailer Featuring Music by The Raconteurs aracılığıyla
Whoa, just found out that Coach Vogel was fined for his comments about El Heat....really? So being honest earns you fines these days, hmm.
I love that the year of the solar system is on a Mars year
If you carry bricks from your past relationship to your new one, your just going to build the same house.
preferably alkaline water the health benefits are out of this world contact me if you wish to learn more
July 21, 1998 — The Raccoon Sewer manager complains about his night job, which prohibits him from drinking alcohol.
Funny, SAG-AFTRA seemed to be in an awful hurry to push this ridiculous merger contact through in a month w/o addressing P/H.
If your down to text dm me
I love this song.q
Just wanted to let you know that I love you very much. It's not the alcohol talking its from my heart!
Remember when America prevented the uprise of monopolies and prided itself in the power of its citizens? Me neither.
Ain't have lamb chops in forevaaaa!🍴
Adam Yauch, one of the founding members of the Beastie Boys, has died at 47, according to Rolling Stone...
as what state do you live in lol:)
we are doing it i'm so serious cause yolo
So many kisses.
FINALLY applied to graduate. I don't think it's hit me yet. =/
All I could get for lunch is a flippin roll.
Oh sendmail configuration why are you so compersome.
is it true justin and ryan are fighting becouse of Selena Gomes ??? i knwe that she is not the right person to Justin..
I hate goin to work this early and watch me get off around like 9 or 10 instead of 1
Go Calgary!
Dark Shadows is a weird movie. Has a few funny moments but I don't think its worth seeing in the theater. -
My aunt used to barry chicken bones in the back yard so my Causin could dig them up my causin thought they were baby dinosaur bones
Amanda Colten and his pic is the same pic. of vinny on the icon
following #GoingAHammTwitterDraft all morning charting who gets drafted ahead of the number 20 pick for the
well i got my 200th follower today, i was going to give them a shout out but then i realized they were a porn star.
Gonna have to make my Sydney stop on the way back to TX way longer than the one on the way there. Love my showoff town.
How's everyone doing? :)
You're warm...& within 300 miles of being hot.
Back to the gym after my longest hiatus in years. Three days was far too long! I'm back!
A model must be organized in order to keep track of the diff dates, times & locations of aptmnts so that she can show up @ aptmnts on time.
how was Atlanta?
I just listen to Chelsea in the car. Wish u were with me hahaha
Blake Griffin is
damn straight
I really thought you were gonna!
LET'S DO IT!
Wow Nate, LOVE that perspective!
we'll be following and tweeting, too.
I am not down with this weather. #bringbackspring better yet
Why does netflix even exist if it doesn't allow instant streaming of any classic disney films? shoot, that ain't right.
Just saw the !! Its a must see!!!
What exactly is "twee?" I've seen it used...does it have an origin? Right up there with "mumblecore"
just met span
A few tickets still left for joint journalist groups' High Note holiday party at Solare Dec 15, only $20. Tix at www.sdpressclub.org.
¡Happy Cinco De Mayo!
Chicago Bears botch their first-round NFL draft pick -- again
Ask about group discounts on BCBA exam prep workshops for your Agency's staff. Also 10% off if you follow us on twitter/ like us on Facebook
Just be yourself. Good luck today!!
Yes!! ": You know you've had a great #StPatricksDay when you end up covered in gold glitter with and :-)"
that pink skirt is fucking fantastic.
great song.
"I'm a highschool biology teacher and in here to have chemistry with you" - guy from bachelorette.
Everybody follow the sexy
You're a nasty bitch trying to get at someone else's ex or boyfriend
she's still getting her twitter feet wet...how's Denver?
Gotta sleep. Goodnight all.
I read sentences for the indefinite articles. These don't have any.
hahaha well i would be embarrassed because u just said that awkward line for the world to see
Good option. I see there's a way to limit it to my outgoing tweets rather than all traffic that would delete a carrier plan fast.
young playwrights festival at the Blank theatre company. =)
: Best Irish/English pub-style fish and chips? The Irish Rover
The key is "almost" forgot. ;-)
can you make the Boyz do their SWEETEST FACIAL EXPRESSION?^.^ please???6
It was so horrible. I almost cried. Oh humanity.
you should just say that u lost ur old one (in order to keep it). Thats the only way.....
I'm pretty sure jared drinks that one!! Happy Monday! ;)
To proclaim my love for her publicly is nothing to describe my feelings regarding her is not possible and the deep gratitude for her presenc
Can my dog stop digging on my bed? Seriously Teddy, you aren't going to find your bone there.
she makes ruhl good single serve carrot cake
come kick it!
It's a nice choice if you value portability without sacrificing power. (4.4 lbs)
Why do you keep sticking your head into the septic tank and then complaining about the noxious fumes???
Im a lifegaurd. I'll save you. :)
and are two other #calico11 attendees with useful content here on Twitter. Check 'em out.
Resolved: To be a whole lot more assertive this year. Time to start applying some of that feminism to my own life!
Omg I'm starving :(
Bein my self ... Hungry
Sound good. Yes, will be at #ISTE12. Take care.
Ahh shit that means i gotta skip 2nd too cause im in the gym both periods and he can see me hm...
Heat fans that think Bosh suck lmao I bet you miss him now
Haha, and then I yell, "Ninja Poof" and I vanish... I hope -_-
I cant even comprehend how stupid you are..
Happy Valentine's Day from !
Really nice guys!
lol thanks :) Just love yourself and be proud of how you look cos there's nothing wrong with you. Trust me!
Yes it's Friday! Leaving at lunch!
I miss you too, I'd stop by but I don't have a car.
Congrats to Maddy Hunter and who sold about a zillion books at a packed Booked for Murder event
Join us on Feb. 29 at 5:30 PM for "Books on Broad" featuring Mollie Cox Bryan talking about her debut novel, Scrapbook of Secrets.
bout to get some lunch head to park and planning
Juneau Park, up past the museum, through the non-gnat side of the lagoon, up past Bradford beach and partway back.
How much online shopping do you do?
I do indeed.
Maybe a few different little things like less PP combos and better PK stick-to-it ness, but Pens were not "terrible" IMO
I'm glad to see ur still on here, I'm trying to get in on all aspects of social media, for an internship
Dang! Laurie, you're a tough act to follow! A Stotan in EVERY sense.
Strawberries and cream... m....
Had the cheap seats in spinning and is delightfully sweaty as a result.
"Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes. That way, when you criticize them, you're a mile away and you have their shoes"
Let's go celtics!
I bet his Dick is real chocolate!
amare was "a millimeter away" from hitting a nerve in his hand when he punched fire extinguisher. team doc. says it would have ended career
We Are the Voice of the Young American Movement!... ITS TIME OUR ISSUES WERE HEARD!... WE WILL NOT BE IGNORED
NBA outdoors? I love this game!
Only if they want/need MPLS funding. RT last step will be Mpls City Council.
AHL/NBA doubleheader tomorrow! $15 tix w/ $6 going to #WheelsForForest & @ Bobcats game we're Rocking the Roof w/ Budweiser
good to meet you at #wnbanyc last night
That's our ball cuz quit bullshitting
In 1897 opera singer Marion Anderson was born Banned by DAR she famously performed on steps of Lincoln Memorial & broke barriers for blacks
Never put too much trust in friends; learn how to use enemies.
although everything's changing. I don't know about you, but he's still the SAME Austin I fell in love with.<3 it won't change a thing.
Hate when ppl tap my arm to get my attention 😡
GOAL! The Blast strike first!
“: me too” maybe we should have a sleepover so we can tweet all night :)
Best Friday car ride ever #sexualinterview work that tutu!
#FF ; Well, lemme tell you this . This girl will be a true BEST friend. she will wake up or stay up, just to make sure your ok.
"Your welcome "
Make something happen, it really pisses Chance off!
I didn't think about this before RT : We are raising a generation of philanthropic children~ Barbara Chandler
That is RUDE! You shouldn't hate anyone (especially Amanda). Oh, and thanks for the time frame tip last night.
I Hate How My Mom Picks Her Low Life Boyfriend Over Her Own Kids <<<<
#BEARS Super Bowl
woahhhh!!!!!!!!!! Mind blow!, the word speaks for itself
hey with those numbers u can't pimp a walk off homerun...
The camera adds 10 pounds and removes 2 crazies.
5 and a 1/2 in boys, ass is off the hook.
82nd and Milwaukee!!
thanks for the follow!!!(:
the guy i like is such a dick but hes cute, ghetto and funny.
are you driving?
Supermoon tomorrow night at 8:24pm according to appear 14% bigger.Could be great night for to shoot.
Curious. Can't wait to hear!
Denzel Washington and Ryan Reynolds in #safehouse is a definite must see! loved the action and the great acting!!
Plz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!! RTh
nice to meet you today mustache man <3
"Passion is the great slayer of adversity. Focus on strengths and what you enjoy." - Charles Schwab
At PSA Partnership Maryland Zoo event. CEO Hutchinson speaking. Photos to be posted soon on PSA Facebook Page. #in please share this.
“: yoyooooo hit my jack when u get a chance” bet
happy halloween
damn I liked that one also where did u see they canceled it
dam hug titz
Tune into KPBS Midday Edition, I will be discussing important City issues
busted indeed lol
honeymoon is over...back on tomorrow. 4 GOOD this time.
Thinking about repiercing my belly button? o:
thanks for tweeting about the project!
Where's my aaaeeeeggggg?
thanks for following me <3
CISO of ebay says they estimate that approx 70% of their users have a serious malware issues. Interesting...
I genuinely feel bad for the devs getting attacked because of 's ending. This SHOULD have been a time for congrats.
SEO NEWS: Drive Failures Affecting Some Customers' Rankings and Reports
It's been on my bucket list for 10 years, I'm not vegetarian anymore, but I finally made it to the Moosewood Restaurant in Ithaca.
Why don't we assess the process and not the outcome? Do we always have to be right? Where does the learning really happen?
I hope it's good to be a persona!! Thx for letting me know!
I promise your my number one.
It freaks me out that all the kids in this Raffi video are probably middle-aged now
GRAPHICS + 1000 BIZ CARDS FULL COLOR FRONT AND BACK W/ UV COATING, ONLY 90$. ASK ME FOR DETAILS.
Say it ain't so!! Heavy D passed away?? At only 44 years old? Rest in peace, Brother D.
fish tacos. Really, really good ones. Outside on a patio. Maybe near the water. But no sand.
I'm thinking about chatroulette day. It's pretty good idea. :)
I don't need plastic in my body to validate me as a woman
CYBER MONDAY SPECIAL. 10% off entire order AND free shipping in the US (coupon: DISCOUNT10) Best bit: 10% of sales goes to
I've decided! I'm going into journalism!!!!
Hope you're having a good week. Enjoy the zoo when you go. Gave you some tips back on the blog. Just e-mail if you have ?'s.
Day 2 opens at 11 come by the table for some special reduced prices
Judge Piampiano not even addressing our multiple requests for camera in courtroom.
With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right, as God gives us to see the right .. Abraham Lincoln
Let's Go Dolphins Phins Up
Don't forget your threatening to shoot me
Had a lot of fun in the desert for the weekend=] Ready to get back to biz..=]
DRose: "I will never forget how they celebrated just from winning this game. I can’t wait to play them again."<----- ruh-oh
True, but as with Sea Salt, it is nice to start some things early.
It's the little things in life that mean the most.<3
Deaffromdicks.com is the best URL ever.
I'm scared
Thanks for the RT! Hope you had a terrific weekend!!
Conversation about #diversity and #church with our youth.
sweet just found $15 in my jacket pocket!
follow me so i can send you a direct message :)
great tweets Tom! And thanks for bringing IU basketball back from oblivion :)
The good things are right in front of you. If you don't notice them, someone else will.
OMG!!! I'm not the only one! O: THANK YOU! She's not ugly!
The moment when u fart and take your hand from your ass and smell it...#shit stank
you can crash at chez hook also there is the cardinal - very cheap
no a teacher told me
Saw uber-curator Hans Ulrich Obrist on the street yesterday. He's not as tall as I expected. I'm sure he thought the same of me.
Join us tomorrow for the Emergence Fashion Show at the Madame Walker Building at 7p. Tickets only $10. #midwestfashionweek Thanks
Buyer mtg in AM, Listing appt in PM, numbers tell a different story for each today! www.ToddHolmesRealEstate.com
": Never let a person, situation, or past experience control your life."
Well played.
haha ya except gasol makes it, so I'd pass to him
#FF #FollowFriday Jen Haskell; Grad student, aspiring scholar of Chinese politics
What a beautiful beautiful sunny day in NYC to do a long long list of stuff!!
RT : “: people aren't good at making decisions.” but bad decisions do make great stories.
Sleeping with sirens, Y U SO PERFECT!
Remember that we are going to post our newly recorded single this weekend fresh from the studio! it's going to sound amazing!
Hope u get to c ur family soon! You guys deserve a brake!
Theyre hot and I like 3 of their songs but I dont like them like I doo or
Thanks to everyone involved in #12thNight and anyone who joined us. My first show with an asterisk next to my name! Incredible experience.
Great day with and team...love the culture of this company!
Learn how to interact with users on Twitter and build relationships
Perfection is hidden in the little shortcomings.
Nice work on the Other People Podcast! Best wishes too on your book tour. I need to check out Legs Get Led Astray!
Research and Markets: Services Oriented Architecture (SOA) Middleware Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts ...
Thinking i'm going to be Daria for #halloween so I can be sardonic all night. That means I need combat boots. What are yall being?
I love the picture they got for this story. Pretty awesome considering it's just a guy at a computer.
Poke her a few times, tell her she has a moving vein. >_> Or say you couldn't find it. xD
Foodie #ff Thanks a bunch. Great group there
classic.........thank god I was parked when I seen it.
Wen he smiles :)
Saturday. CGQ. The. Washington. Burlington IA. 8 PM. (just 40 short miles from Galesburg hint hint)
Take that out !!
yah, I'm kinda in the same boat. Between school and part-time jobs, I didn't have a lot of time for volunteering >.<
thanks for the post AD! I'm one of your biggest fans as well!
country girls>>> <3 they're the best;)
#Avengers is already my favorite movie of the year. Might have to go see it again because it was THAT GOOD!!
I am perfect right....?
hahahaha meant to RT that from this acct oops. Don't think he wrote that just thought it was funny. I'd LOVE to hear those stories
Hung out w/ pals last night, including and . Best way to end day 2.
Hey Shay and nice to meet you a nd see you and hope we can becme friends, thanks,Bobby Howard
i know huh ! (marisol voice from george lopez ) ;)
": How is everyone?" Alive!
Found out at #brewpal that one of my early 6.x modules helped lure into #drupal, who is now one of the #drupalpdx organizers.
Tell us more about America's pastime !
It's easier to say too! RT : I prefer the term "Schönfinkelize" over "Curry" for JavaScript transformations.
Stalking tweets
Oh Lord ! My best friend always got some crazy funny story to tell me.
What the fuck does octopizzo even mean???
NE Pats or NY Giants?
Put the WEST on ur back
. Please direct the attention of the DNC to WI. This is the front line of the war on the middle class and they need reinforcements
City atty files lawsuits to shut 12 pot dispensaries near schools, including 3 on El Cajon Blvd near SDSU and 2 on Park Blvd.
(And I don't mean just fielding percentage, etc, but also number of "saves" from bad throws to first.)
Looking for a new job (again): Leasing Agent, Property Manager or Event Coordinator. Any leads appreciated!
Hahahaha he doesn't even like you.
oh ok
Lawyers on a conference call, freaking out - interesting way to wait for your plane to board
thank you so much Ashley!
& I'm hosting! ": KirkoBangz EVENT same night after yall event at 10 pm flier coming soon"
SOBER is actually an acronym that stands for: Son Of a Bitch, Everything's Real
R.I.P. Ryan Putman. I will always remember thinking you were the coolest kid at Paloma. You will forever be remembered Put Put!
Homey game final table busted 11th....cashee gamee now
Life goes on...some ppl u must leave behind in order to accomplish what God has laid out for u
Jr. Seau took his own life today:/ what a shame he was an amazing limebacker :( RIP
I know I shouldn't feel like my weekend was wasted just because I couldn't convince Jesco White to learn yoga... but here we are.
I'm on the train display now; it's a shame you couldn't join me. :(
I just made my friend a GRANDer today,she's in love with you now<3
Dance party! RT : taping today. totally love her and this show is an actual cool thing.
I saw that you embedded our Anthony Mackie video back in November. Thanks for the link!
no problem! And your a little off on my age. Haha
I hear directing is a piece of cake...
I do everything, but mostly hip hop, ballet and ballroom
you need a puppy. Lol
Scarlett did a great job with Black Widow. I want more of that character as well.
RT : Will say this: the #Jaguars aren't begging to be on Hard Knocks, but they'll happily do it if asked.
YES! All of the knots out of my hair, Harry Potter Marathon and ice cream.
Thank you! A lovely weekend to you, too!
I'm pregnant and I love my baby daddy and I love my porshe
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Habak got 7 blocked shots smh most of from the 1st quarter i'm sure
Reggie Jamz will be entertaining y'all once again this Sunday at the #BlackAndGold pageant!
"Honesty, when done correctly, can heal wounds, open us up to more Light, and diffuse the stupidest of blockages." -amazing friend of mine
and then you TOTALLY REDEEMED YOURSELF!
i hate all of this fighting. :(
follow please ? :)
We need to talk. This is the only place I can get ahold of you!
And a shuffleboard win puts us 2-0.
Yes, Tartakovsky -- the Creepy-Eyed Girl. I remember that one.
Yes!!! Bon Iver wins best new artist!
People don’t read. Anyone that has offered instructions to users on the web can attest to this. So give folks an alternative-...
RT : moving day!
brink let's just go
I see you have not accepted the mission yet. Are you not up to the challenge?
oh shut the front door.
please tell me you have seen Phoebe "slutty panda" Price at the pumpkin patch! X17online has the pics.
Aww, bummer. It's always sunny in Santa Barbara... hope C19 is a blast!
Signed with new representation - The Robb Company and very excited to work with them!
happy mother's day to all of the beautiful moms of the world. :D
My mixtape is finally done...releasing soon theres not a official date yet...
Next riot location- fall high school football games.
I'm so hungry.
thank you sir for the
what about Calvin the same ole shitb
Mixed about #Madonna's half-time show- loved the #classics- can't get behind the new song- I feel like its like
THIS! The soundtrack + what happens = TEARS RT : If you want to cry go watch The Road
good to know lol
uh oh do women on twitter align too?
just lick them then or eat only on the weekend. ;)
Thanks Rick. Love it! Wish I had bought a house there 20 years ago!
Will somebody turn the lights on? Somebody tell me what's wrong. I'd be lying if I told you that losing you was something I could handle.
I dont let too many people get close to me, because they always try to use me.
you sure!?
Fizzled protests, mixed messages, indicative of state of stalled immigration reform movement
Don't be a #backslider!
When are we supposed to get our whiteboards checked???
that's a start but can you get faster than 81 wpm? That's the fastest we have seen someone type in TapTyping
Arab spring...is in need of our attention again. 300+ Egyptian protesters have been jailed for speaking out against the military government.
I have reached the critical stages of "Senioritis"... 13 days to graduation.
That awkward moment when makes you jealous of a frog.. -.-
Exercising has a way of making us a bit achy! Ask :) Keep taking my advice, it will soon all pay off!!
it's on fora tv if you just search my name. watch the disaster!! ps I'm getting better, last couple went pretty smooth
everyone go follow shes the sweetest!
Oh, this commercial has been very nice to me:) Thanks Val! :)
": Up glamming for a long day of work! Love these days! Thinking hair up w fishtail braid, and a smokey eye!"
S/O to you for being awesome!
#projectx is an epic movie.
RT : must be in tha kitchen cooking up that crack 4 ur azz. What til we put it on the block. Crazy
Excited to be providing apps for the VIP's at the Pfister tonight!
It feels wrong to join a gym, then hit pagliacci for 2 slices and a coke. #weighttraining :)
#FF Italy represents on T to the witter
but with limited funding/instructional hours you have to make hard decisions
Having fun at #CleGiveCamp!
Popping in last minute to the
gonna sit in the tweeting section and make us all jealous???
I don't think anyone can touch the L.A. Kings.
thanks for the shout out! thanks for the follow! #ilovewhen folks dig my twitter feed
dipping back into twitter after awhile distracted by the rest of life. warning to new followers: I can be spotty like that.
Congrats Becky.
Final 4 were all GREAT! Mel and Sasha were always 1 of my favs but I thought 4 sure Sasha would take the title Congrats Melanie!!!
sure, that's fine. I need to drop by anyway. When are you back in?
thanks! let me hear some of your beats, i got a compilation dropping soon
RT Everybody wants respect, just a little bit. And everybody needs a chance, once in a while. Everybody wants to be closer to free
Rolando's super tacos!
&& Still I Ask Myself Why Do Hurt Me ?
The hard copy is in PDF on front page of meeting site. I
Im not even sure. It was an inside deal that the NFL wouldn't really want happening lol.
stop by for a post game beverage. Great drinks and food until 1 am.
Love Lock Down
I can't wait!!!
Thanks guys. Yeah, that was my handiwork. Hopefully some upgrades later this year (cc: )
so... how many of you have voted in the 12th District so far today? let us know.
Recorded four Johnny pate arrag today for the impressions and net Fred cash.....today was a good day
Best overheard conversation of the day: Four men at Indy breakfast restaurant planning group home for homeless veterans.
Glad u enjoyed!! RT : I know I mentioned dinner but seriously, one of the best meals ever tonight at Pork Belly
Playing catch up after being out sick + moving while youre still super sick = super sucky sicky.
We strolled across the street for a better view of the moon. Stunning and bright as a bride, as the bedouins say.
Ready for Panama! Goin all out
I thought the first two activities were "Battle Rape" and "Jump Rape". #RapeIsAWorkoutToo?
So proud of our 2012 grads! Tweet your grad pics!
ok NOW its okay to be mad at AJ
Iran nuclear weapons..North Korea launching for Iran...we are waging a war on women
um..i mean… *we* would be a very wealthy *team!*
like u ..RT“: Some bitches really need a punch in the face.”
at Ryan's hockey practicce.
going to hang out tonight at CV to hear dj's moma, stimulas,flavien& liondub put the roof on fire;)
I need a triathlete spa day. wonder what that would entail?
It takes many nails to build crib, but only one screw to fill it
#JerseyShore :D -A
Lakers about to overcome a 33 point deficit!!! Woohoo!!!
(Also, their headline writer gets bonus points for using the subjunctive properly.)
I'll be swinging by early next week...need to do some jacket shopping for an upcoming trip! :)
Shout out to the nice girl who opened the coffee shop 20 mins early so I could get my mudslide!
RT : In Miami? Want 2 try the Flirty Girl workout? Join me 2nite www.lotusdancestudio.com
Don't want severe wx, but rain would b nice 2 settle down allergens.
Thanks for the RT, Lisa!
aww thank you!
Okay Knicks... Go time
I'm Lou Piniella mad at They lost to Jeff Suppan. Shutout by Soup
Cardinal sin right there.
Watching t.v., laying on the couch, and eating wings!
I'm dying of boredom
Whats good folk! Whats the deal bro!
lol wow, good to know! ;-)
Doctor rivers
I saw a dog wearing a full on DOWN VEST in Seward Park the other day. I thought it was a good look, personally.
Cleared a backlog of 80 podcasts this weekend. Guess I'm just a fast listener.
is forward progress challengeable? I didn't think so...
Naw your a cheater. Your way taller then me that wasn't fair at all . I want my rematch ! Lol
I guess you forgot to appreciate the one person that would do anything for you.
Our pleasure! We like what you're up to :)
College of St Rose on ProVision - how to have innovative pedagogy in a time of declining resources
it's glorious
Tubbs says the challenging times at the Capitol over the last yr did not cause him to look for a new job but did give valuable experience
It was not now such a very difficult problem to guess what the coming Dark Nights might mean
heyy! I just followed you :)
I wanna party and bullsh*t!!!
An #Aries woman requires freedom
free shot tonight if your a large women in a small tank top?
People who stab you in the back and blame it on you #unforgiven </3
I made it only because of Your favor Lord God
Yo RT : They praying that i fail, im praying that i rise. I guess the hating didnt work so now they tellin lies. I gtta get
aloha brett, can we get u on again talk about the MWC/C-USA situation & also everything going on w/ CFB Realignment 10:20 p et?
It's warm out, but not warm enough for niggas to be in shorts...
cuz thats all i can say, th only thing thats not off limits anymore :'(
What is the most challenging aspect of a #Diabetic #Diet? It's Diabetes Awareness Month & I'll be on Talk Philly CBS3 with a new
Smile on my face
Why have I just found out about Commander in Chief??..Geena Davis is amazing! Sad this show didn't last longer than a season!
Im The Illest In This Foshizzle ~ My Flow Sizzle ~ Ya Boy Hot Go Hard Like Some Cold Nickels **)
o its cool. I said wow cuz I couldnt think of ne thing else to say without being an ass. im trying to say I think yur pretty.
You gotta follow - never miss a short rib taco again!
Blake complaining about a foul, weird.
I compare you to a kiss from a rose
can anyone give us a shoutout please? i will give one back
Alright, come on #Lakers!
getting you all a #follownow :)
What is your favorite music venue in NYC?
It appears my Twitter followers are about to outnumber my Facebook friends.
k, so uhh(: idk how to make it xD
RT : : Latinos are not only America's fastest-growing pop.we are also the fastest growing group of voters.
You'd Be Nothing Without Me , Duuh (:
you look beautiful.
GOAL: Romney 60% Obama 40% as repudiation policies NOT the man. Win the middle with intelligent, reasoned, respectful appeal w/o demonizing.
Luke bryan concert here we come!!!
Ughh! venicio wont even talk to me&; i apologize&; wrote him an apology letter&; gave him a sticker:(( tht bastard:))hehe jkjk:P
“: I Hate David Banner Too Btw” ~ Lakers didn't even lose yet... what up wit all that hate?
RT : No bassoon? The Oscars suck this year.
Anyone thought about putting QR codes in Facebook cover pics? Is it allowed? Would it be used? Computer to phone?
Thanks, guys. Means a lot coming from you.
lol you mean I hope she see that tweet
Saturday means yard work, housework, and maybe a treat later..maybe a movie...hm.
I feel bad for what I did hope to make things right what should I do
oh ok I knew bout them thought I missed something
I love wen they team across the line..if u knw wat u mean...lol
so when we playing together again man? haha
Soo angry at my friend! Try to steal the guy I like... then you end up crying or bleeding.
One more final!!! hell yea, can't wait to go home <3 imma knock this reserch paper out of the way then sleep the rest of the week lolz
People telling you the score of a game you're dvr'ing.
Newdigs will be down for a little while we make some updates - stay tuned apartment hunters, we'll be back soon!
Is this training for the Amazing Race?
Am I the only person who actually buys their drink at work instead of stealing 'em outta the storage room.
"Sunday mornin', praise the Lord."
It's like im finally awake, and your just a beautiful mistake. x
I hate being sick and still having to go to school
Kid you not, I was JUST on their site 10 minutes ago, wistfully drooling away. Sigh.
no prob tickets are free
Warped Tour!! San Antonio Texas!!
RT Tonite- TOP 10 SELLING WINES TASTING!!! That's right, we are tasting 10 wines tonite!! #wine .
I always refer to One Direction as 'the boys' :')
Mixing 's song!!!
Looking forward to 's talk at the #baynet2012 annual meeting!
she's way hotter than me
I don't DISLIKE I prefer I'm not donating to Romney because he doesn't inspire me.
Pleez stop crying every week... you are so much better and prettier happy.
There are no failures. Just experiences & your reactions to them.
same box score different day, same people with hits and same people with strikeouts
I Don't Think My Twitter Is Working:( That or Yhuu Just Don't Reply To My Tweets:( Haha!!
you unfollowed me.
dang i wanna be home right now.
#Pretty please follow me? And make your #1fans dream come true?#ItsLikeJesusInYouFace with those cheeks!! :)
Remember: in this life you only have yourself and nothing else, because once you get burned, no one is going put out your fire.
no it's not you horrible person
re. BuzzFeed's "transformative" argument-- one doesn't have to satisfy all four factors (even so I'm dubious of their claim)
And remember with Christ in your life anything can be accomplished.Remove any doubts out of your mind! BELIEVE
Sorry not recoverypoint, but replication manager, in the end got it working, now to analysis, and write it up
that's alright we will party at ur house (: Hang next weekend?!
I missed that interview. They did stop though... :-)
This has gone too far... Instagram raising $40M at a $500M valuation
"Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Glass of Wine,tasting board,great service and all on the patio
have fun!!
There's a meadow of what looks like marsh on the bike route, and what sounds like pokemon in the tall grass. Best bike ride ever.
I am recruiting my twitter followers :) Thank you in advanced for your support.
" I hate that scary moment when you put a ring on your finger and you cant take it off. 0__0"
So funny. Shall we duel through Twitter?
I like the red coat... where's it been all winter?
Right on! We definitely need 2change up the school board. Within this next year we need 2frame the debate & speak truth 2public
Bring it on! Looking forward to the mastermind tomorrow
“: The man who has no imagination has no wings. -Muhammad Ali”
Working on photos from dw12 test at the speedway last week
Wieters hits an odd home run that bounces off #BlueJays left fielder Thames. You get one, you give one, Thmas.
So... I am pretty sure that I tasted ALL of Washington this weekend.
I find these "Christian Single" commercials on TV disturbing.
ugh, last full week of school... full speed ahead into stress and finals! Gonna be a long week with little sleep..... =P
aw thanks :) xx
RT : Microsoft Office coming to the iPad - According to an article in The Daily (the News Corp daily newspaper for the iP......
lol shout out to that
Very cool! I hope to retire at a monkey farm of my own making ... lol
Perusing mid-90s movie reviews for indirect answers. So many movies I'd forgotten about... Also great reading movie plots out of context.
All Day
Christmas, Christmas time is here... oh wait. well i sort of just got done watching Alvin and the Chipmunks. haha
You can drink and smoke but this is a too risky?
I would be extremely grateful and flattered if u would fallow me!!  Please!
Every time I have the opportunity to work with questions about #medieval #manuscripts, I remember how fun they are.
Who's down for the beach tonight???
Is going make a lot of people surprised....especially Seth kirlock
i wanna open a store next to Forever 21 called Finally22 i bet you femalez will dig it ha #fuhken faded statuz boiiiii
RT : "82% of women in executive-level jobs had played organized sports in middle, high or post-secondary school"
I look and feel like I have been on this bus for a very very long time.
Just finished The Ides of March... Mind blown. probably loved this flick.
are you surprised? It's after Halloween. :-P Just hear those sleigh bells jingling, ring-ting-ting-a-ling too...
Have you contributed? RT : Just made my donation!
this better be the last day for all this storming. its been storming all week! .-.
'm in the green room with Hannah!
“: No games last night. Any recommendations for my Avatar today???” 3-Goggles photo!! Because of the mutual love!!
Ready to be done with this school shit! Atleast for now.
they barely covered the logo
Now Microsoft has become a little friendlier to the little guy but they already created a 10 year long bad image. Apple gained.
That's so true. c:
