Messy buns. <3
when I was in hs, I dont even read it anymore smh
Outlining this week on the back of my bank statement envelope. Hey, it works.
cool h-wip? Keep your H-wips sharper. H-what? H-why??
Sadly I feel... We are a failed generation.
Tune in to this weekend during the News Talk 820 AM morning show to hear John Pendolino's feature story on our upcoming exhibition!
Follow my tweets! is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
So this just means the #Browns WRs will drop the ball further downfield.
I love you more
Waiting for my Perl programming book to arrive that was pre-ordered from Amazon.
Tons of celebrities expected in #DC this week for MLK dedication ceremony
Delaware outplaying Lindenwood right now. 8:57 left in the second, Blue Hens lead the Lions 1-0
Everybody peep out 's new mixtape dropping 5/11 Feat. ME , Flintstone, Dre P, Jay Rush, Whitehouse, Ratchet&more
Final round: Italy v. Scotland ("wooden spoon" game), Wales v. France (possible Grand Slam for Wales), England v. Ireland.
Sure to get my whites whiter, my blues bluer and my reds redder. How patriotic. RT : get those stains out
you still living in Seguin?
Good evening Welcome to our twinning tweets!
21 more days of school ! Yes !
best. Ice cream. Ever.
dude I got some stuff to show you!!!
i followed.
Thanks for commenting and tweeting :)
Mom- you have to admit that even Bob Dylan doesn't look like Bob Dylan in that photo. Looks like he's dabbling in blonde highlights
I'm so excited for tonight's #trueblood episode
pm ! All night studio sesh.
Develop a love for details. They usually accompany success. -John Wooden.
‎"A smile is an inexpensive way to change your looks." - Charles Gordy.
Pirates are cursed.. First Barry Braun gets over...then Burnett breaks his face. What next?
:We need you here D...Miss u hope your havin a blast for me!!!
well u know i am 2 bb my body is ready for your utensils.
Safe to say Cespedes will be wearing the next pitch he sees.
glad I'm not dealing w/ the crap weather in Syracuse, but I wish it would just snow a little bit here. I am in the Rockies, after all.
starts their program right in the impressive Kauffman Center for the Performing Arts with Beethoven's First Symphony
I'm checking out now :( it was just a weekend getaway
don't worry I'll come down there in a bit hahahah
I think he's #steaming some broccoli.
So glad you like the cookie perfume, thank you!
It's pretty crazy that we were there right before all of that went down.
tonight felt like a summer night! <3
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. ~Winston Churchill
i would!
It's a testament to your sunny attitude that you didn't find that last part the least bit disconcerting. ;)
I doubt I'll find a soda we like as much as this one. We'd never heard of Virgil's, but Food Fight had it, & I'm so glad now!
can i take a break from voting lol :)
your turning 21?!?!
So Im going to make a Tumblr finally but will only share ideas: thoughts: theories: and questions. Sounds more like a blog hu?
he got fired last year unfairly, he not their coach no more, Adleman their coach now
Happy mother's day to all the awesome & beautiful mothers out there!
Just going through pictures. Had a good shoot :)
Looking forward to spending 2 weeks with #israelis and moscovites at Reverse Mifgash this week. www.shalomdc.org/reversemifgash
So where youu At, Im in Plano Texas.
It's amazing how one song can change your mood, thoughts and emotions.
none they all stayed
an admirable goal. But is it achievable?
Love your impressions! How's your Elvis?
I "pontificate" on twitter the same way I ramble when I'm drunk.
Totally missed #FF, so we're going with
awesome thanks, any ok for a 3.5 year old?
Some people will do anything for attention
get what you really wanted for Christmas !! A House !!
Catching up w/ self & emails and looking at my Oakland garden: palm trees, camellias, roses, bluebirds, trimmed persimmon trees, soon rain.
Need vodka & the weekend
PRAISE THE LORD.
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
NO MORE FLEAS 4 less! Get FiproGuard Plus same active ingredients as Frontline Plus generic equivalent. In stock now at Lofty Dog.
"To the Mother Fucking Blower Uppers" Loved #HouseOfLies!
U better chill b4 I fuck.
i love you more baby boo
awww good babe an yeah I saw him when I got off the bus haha, it's weird talking to you on here lol #toocool;)
NP Lady- I know how important pictures are!
How is #raw trending? People still watch WWE?
Have a great stay. I look forward to reading your tweets.
I'm losing hair over Fantasy Closers this year. If Dale Thayer and David Robertson don't work out, I'm punting saves.
. I think they did a good job. Basically, if you can afford it, hire permanently, but consultants can get you started.
“: We all used to do some pretty wild shit back in the day.” like lighting ppl on fire
"Share the similarities, celebrate the differences" M Scott Peck
Felt so good to lift and workout today after myrtle
oh yea .. I just saw white parents holding their baby on their backs with those baby pouches -_-
S/o Ralph Laguerre one of YKMD #1 supporters :D (wish we knew his twitter name)
Sometimes, I think I like 's friends more than some of mine.
Omg...I'm so excited for #fashionpolice tonight. Why would I go out on a Friday when I have ?? Love you!!!!
Work is still weird. But less tense. By demand!
Today was a great day thx 2 cool peeps TY for all the mentions!
OMG you're reading KIM!!!!! I LOVE Rudyard Kipling!!! have you read "The Light that Failed?" <3<3<3<3<3
I have a kid who has so much energy, I need to wear him out to get him to focus. Suggestions?
Strengthen your #sales force with Sr VP of Professional Services Chuck McGraw & VP of Training Stephen Roennau's methods...
Ok people, it's cold, slow down on the road a little so we all don't have to stop!
In town for the #OTC? Head over to the Houston in CITYCENTRE & show your conference badge to receive 10% off your bill!
so true - if only weekends came at the start of the week instead of the end ;-}
I feel like maybe I should.
My mom told me how this British guy was talking about Justin about his hair & how it doesn't fit him j hair is hot & I bet the guy doesnt
Check out the new song "Moonshine"!!!!! www.myspace.com/somewhereanywhereelse or somewhereanywhereelse.tumblr.com
Thanks! helps a lot :)
1D is making me sad. ;( stop smoking an drinking beer plz? ;(
- Had an great day after all it wasnt dat bad.!!
Ok ladies I gotta go do my workout. If I'm still breathing after I'll check back in!
welcome :D
It's amazing how many great things can happen when you just stop trying to make things happen and just live.
Congrats to Another Oregon TE, getting a shot in the
My mother would say the dumbest stuff when people walk into the waiting room for attention...
Soon...soon I will taste victory.
2nd to last class ever with Dr. Stoval,l he requests that we hold back our tears until next week.
Follow Friday? FF? I dunno about that, but follow since he mentioned me and for sarcastic crime updates.
Happy birthday, ! Luv Ya Bunches!
09/13/2011 - Job Fair sponsored by the Tenth Congressional District Congressman Michael T. McCaul 's Job Fair. The job fair will featur
Pimp N ho' party tonight.. Time to dress up!!
we have 2 pairs of Scarlet Ghds which we're selling off this week, £109 (or £119 inc a travel dryer), DM me if u want one saving
Watching and adamhall arrange imaginary furniture in the new UW Research Commons...how exciting!
Thank you for the #FF shoutout! I hope you have a very nice and fun weekend!
#HonestyNight I know that I'm needed and that people care about me but I still want to die...
Jonas Fans Are Blessed
Sure. No sweat.
Susan Helper says first thing good manufacturing policy has to do is support R&D
Really pumped for my weekend project!
tx represent! RT Elite Men getting rad in the mud at #jinglecross youtu.be/L0w4rz9H-ec < Fawley at 45 seconds in, cleans it.
Can't wait for this weekend....God is so good!
After having the flu and a sinus infection to follow, I see the need for universal health care.
Thanks for coming and sharing your pic!
party with the wyman babies
love oar
we need a vacation
ah. Maybe he's afraid of seeing real humans on screen? :P
Got a free iPhone case made from an old record from #griffintech at
Top vehicles in HR social media: first LinkedIn, next Twitter says instant poll I feel in good company.
“They say philosophers and wise men are indifferent. Wrong. Indifference is a paralysis of the soul, a premature death.” ― Anton Chekhov
Exactly! RT : It's all about the execution. Our Facebook ads are effective when strategically combined w engaging content & innovation.
send me one lol
STUDIO ON DA WAY!! FOLLOWED BY DEBUT MIXTAPE "REMY RUBBERS & REGRETS" COMIN SOON.. ALOT OF GREAT MUSIC PLUS TO MUCH SWAGG ON DIZ PROJECT
Why are Mondays always so 'eh?
如果你需要我帮忙，你只要问！也可以帮你练口语，但可惜的是我只能讲普通话，不会广东话！When are you going to be in HK/how long? YOU SHOULD HANG OUT WITH ME ON THE MAINLAND!
My son posted on FB: ironic eh? Columbian prostitutes provide secret service to Secret Service
To celebrate our new #ShredTruck, #TheDataShark, we're offering 20% OFF all hard drive & media shredding for the month of March!
I think I just brought you over 3,000. CONGRATULATIONS! thanks for the scoop on a good company!
RT : watching some awesome videos about from #PRSMS --> These are great!
Watching my new fave Sunday morning show - Kitty Cam at the Animal Shelter: www.seattle.gov/animalshelter/featuredkitty.htm
I will once they are finished! Give me a month or so...soon to be finished the new PIXEL MICRO 48x60!!
Hah. Where was that order from?
": My assistant need a man so bad I'm tired of hearing her "I'd rather be by myself" rants"<=is she fuckin???
Lost planet 2 o man this game is so fun
I don't mess with 3D...I light one up and it becomes Real-D
Avoid mayhem
Yes Lord there is school today.......
Ecology is as boring as it sounds. I am now sure that I will never want to choose science as a career path.
definitely. Really frustrated with the lack of motivation they've had all SEMESTER. My other classes are ok.
Yessir! Follow us for updates/release dates/emotional dates/the fruits known as dates.
Watch who you hang around with.
listening to Tupac,
I will continue to talk about the good thins I've done for our district and ways for us to keep moving forward.
I bought a yellow shirt and a pink shirt today. Now I own eactly one yellow and one pink shirt
So nice that I was surrounded by POSITIVE people last night that make me laugh instead of fakey weirdo bitches.
OK, I'm with the dev team next week, let's try to put a call together and chat about this.
"A tough andunsentimental story with a soft and tender heart," #bukowski writes about #Fante's book Ask the Dust
There's plenty you can do with masters in #publichealth, in epi/stats/global/family/environ/policy/management/sociomed...
Hi, Peter, thanks for the follow and happy holidays!
thank you! We are looking forward to day 2 also
so glad to hear that!
Who is gonna watch the Spain - Italy match?
lol , aww maybe you can play tommorow but i just woke up im so bored
i owuld never follow justin bieber he a queer that dont know it yet but yea thats besides the point
Oh ya know, Just listening to SUALM preview..OVER...and Over again...
Iggy is going off
thanks for the follow, I shot you a @ from the film page also. Talk soon.
OpenWallet is a peer to peer cash transfer service that makes everyone a "human ATM" to get real cash from ppl.
Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs. ~ Anonymous
what the fuck
god (: I talked to him the other day
You still work at Buffalo's?
Crowdsourcing can be user-generated too, but is more focused on the assignment using collaboration & competition
I'm at Cavenders Boot City. Couldn't feel more out of place.
#ReconciliationLaw - Incoporates resources necessary to do the work - marriage & family therpists + spiritual leaders.
Definitely natural emotions! Don't know anyone that has regretted it tho. Have u decided where you're headed?
he's so dreamy.
thanks for coming bro
"LIKE" PASSION PARTIES by TRECO on facebook!!
Google Posts FCC Report about Street View - PCWorld
- ready for Karaoke in your home for a fraction of the cost?
looking into it too much?
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
Steel Town Soul will be at SPIN BARTINI this Thursday 9-midnight! Don't miss it!!
Reminder. Vote now for students in #NFTE Elevator Pitch Challenge 2011. on.fb.me/l6QUpl Polls open until 10.4.11
Well, I thought there were completely reasonable requests... for 1986... and KIIS-FM. ;)
“: #NW The Avengers with !! :D” yes finally! <3
did you see at least one of my scenes? :o
Same here, so introvert. ha
haha! Just gotta ask
A big thanks to for always pimping ma stuff.
Thirsty @ 2am I got a glass of OJ, spilling much. A failed orangejuice manuever in the dark.
Hey good girl...
You win. RT I'm in my car now so I'm not watching oscars but I did just pass a homeless guy peeing on fountain ave.
Wishing you a joyful Christmas and a successful and happy 2012.
all I can say is OMG
The return of Nelson Radames and Yoham Ortiz tonight at 10pm (89.9 FM-NY) Plus Arnaldo Vargas opens his bag of tricks.
Chronicling America quick stats: 3.1 millions pages, 414 titles dating 1859-1922, 22 states and D.C. represented...and growing!
The moment I start singing my heart out thinking my mum wasn't there, yeah she was there the whole time
hope everything is ok
I wana see Gabrielle Union on campus today! She is gorgeous!
Remember the days when someone offered u a beer or a shot and you said no? Cuz I don't. #elementaryschool? #peerpressure thanks
I spend more time going through my email now, then ever before. Is this what fame feels like? Could it please come with more fortune? :D
Next Friday, u can catch me @ Cream for the DJ Craze show!
Reupholstering old couches is almost never cost-effective
TMI right? Sorry, couldn't help myself. (;
"what Bezos really figured out was that if you gave freaks a home, they would give you...their best ideas... and their rights on the job"
No more Pests inside & outside your Home after Haynes Termite Exterminator do their Jobs ^_^ Contact them @ tinyurl.com/yelv6qq
": jamie, save me from everyone baby. <33" HAHAH YOU'RE SO SAD.
thanks :) do you guys think you could write a blurb about you guys for our site?
wow it says i have no followers
still can't figure why ain't include me in that "SMILE" video... um
then you have a blessing Peyton <3.,
Living in an apartments is the worst! Especially if it's filled with kids & you live on the 1st floor.... You wake up when they do
didn't realize so many zombies stumbling around midtown. Sleeping w/ the shotgun tonight.
I need a song to listen too..
Hangin with and #cruellersays "f squared bitches"
Finished watching The Lucky One it was a cute film! =)
i love you and please follow me! That would make my day!
Iron Chef is totally unappetizing tonight. Ostrich eggs, duck eggs and quail livers. Seriously? Yuck.
You can and WILL! And I'll be here to help you! :D <333
Maui Monday teaching day today.
Everybody makes mistakes 💩
ok, convinced me to come out to even in the rain - who else is gonna brave the weather?
your so cute :)
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas!!!!
If u ever get bit in the nipple, the best reaction is to hit the biter in the back of the head & have them wake up later on the counter top.
Love taking with my parents & hearing about my little nephew!
First game of the season usually equals attendees that haven't done proper binge drinking in a while. Hope you bring your A game.
Want U Back by Cher Lloyd is such a great song. :)
as beautiful as ever. ;)
hahaha awe #ScrubScrubScrub =P J/k J/k
doing so now!
Yes. Often on Thursday nights we have a local artist play live
You should have heard the room oh and ah when brought her new baby in.
Tired right now.... Mind is going a 100 miles per hour
join us for our french wine dinner on thursday, november 10th. call 216.921.3473 to make your reservation.
- awesome SM follow up. Your shirts are my favorites. I owe about 100
so, Rudd's public pitch is a consequentialist Not-Abbott one, and Gillard's is "Rudd is chaotic and dysfunctional?" gee...
yeah that would of been good(: next time !
Yes! We are gonna post it on the site in the AM RT : hope u liked the show
Your fear shouldn't get in the way go for it and give it the best you've got:))
Hoodie Awards!!!! You are gonna vote for us...right? RIGHT?
What a joy to have Maia, Caitlin and Brenna at SOURCE tonight. It means all the world to me that you were there.
Thinking about moving to LA, what do you think, yes or no?
Looks like my office desk has transformed into my second home.
WordPress, that's an easy choice!
9 more until 400 followers plz help me!!!!!! to celebrate i will follow random tweepers
Any leads on Bella?
Music makes everyone more comfortable and happy!
RT : The Encyclopaedia Britannica is going out of print; focusing on online and educational curriculum for schools....
My 5 year old cousin comes in my house,sits on my bed and says "ohh man kindergarten in so exhausting we color so much my that my hand hurts
ME3 is getting real.
I can say i've done things that i could have for, but I guess it made me into a man hah(:
Um...it's addition?
location reminders=tasty!
Listening to Slaughterhouse inspires me to want to spit again! I miss the days when MC's would Go Hard on the Mic!
Love is worth fighting for, so I'm fighting my hardest for it, but is it worth it if he isn't even trying?
#idhdu What are our obligations as scholars & stewards conducting community participatory DH projects? Pondering existing 'best practices'?
If you need a solid CPA referral in Milwaukee, send me a message. My accountant, he is really good.
#dickssportinggoods has the worst service ever. Never buying anything from them again.
I think Michael Kors has become a tangerine
The '11 crush ends @ Grove on Sat when we will harvest Cab Sauv. Volunteers that want 2 help pick? If so email us, we'll buy lunch.
what do you have for Georgia?
Listen to the desires of your children. Encourage them and then give them the autonomy to make their own decision. -Denis Waitley
My student just asked me who goes to school on valentines? The answer is her teacher who left his valentine to teach.
I have assigned my team to watch Moneyball over the weekend. Test on lessons learned and how it affects the way we roll out new systems.
Talking w/ some new clients abt great opportunities. We luv partnering w/ people & help them move frm where they are 2 where they want 2 be.
RT hannahherman101 These children learn from cigarette burns, fast cars, fast money, and cheap drinks.
is Mexican Hot Chocolate spicy??
yup. text i just received.
hey Stacey miss u
Can't sleep and my stomach hurts :(
“: I like-u pay commission?:)“: For Sale: 3BR/1 1BA Single Family House in Oklahoma City, OK, $129,900" indeed!
The owner of Gagafacts will be moving there in August ;)
Only a few more days of Enjoy, rest a few days and then get ready for
Florida totally threw away that game.
#whenihavekids The president still won't be dark enough
relative of Revy.
Now in editing, HD in 3D!!! VIP's get your 3D glasses ready! I filmed it last week, just saw the pre-edited video, and its amazing!!! =)
I need the Chef Basket. Seriously.
idk how to live without you..
Small specialized agencies working together and supporting each other.
Whoops I missed a g in that tweet. But you get what I'm saying :)
omg briellleeee 🔫💣I thought we talked about this..
let's great a town like that so I can kill for the greater good....I feel like the middle of south dakota could work.
Follow me on instragram !
I'm a ISTJ
Sam Kelly is gorgeous!
got to cut back on the bacon and wine or Ill never catch that squirrel! Woof!
Thanks. I watched that clip. Sweet.
My new favorite show has to be <3
REAL POLITICAL REFORM - Big money has destroyed our political system. We need to fix it at the problems root. Its a system designed to fail
you said you wanted a jeep
Finna get tomato juice on this flight. Crooziinnnnnnn ✈
RT : Hi downtowners! We are at Frost Plaza Plazalife today with lunch goodies! There's music & fun things to shop. Come say hi!
Heh. I suppose I could just do that in the car, too.
Pls 4low me 4 we hav a Feature Film Pore-Produxion of a Compton Hood Movie 2 STAR n we want u in it 2
Is Fox really the number one rated news channel? Really?!? That doesn't say much about our country...
Brand Built on 'Audacious Innovation' - Multichannel News
sorry to say no
DePuy, a part of Johnson & Johnson, have 31 positions open across the country from. Take a stop by to learn more!
nevahhhhh. lol North Korea vows to blow south Korea away. they have shot off.
Sure, send all our jobs to Mexico (again)
you know I don't gotta try! it just comes naturally!
My circadian rhythm is all messed up.
Missing the summer sun? We have the next best thing, ask the front desk about tanning!
Let's find him and destroy him. Work stealing dildo! Anal Assassin!
Q3: My first plan of action was to call them Mobile Learning Devices not Cell Phones.
I feel your pain! I had a calm, productive Friday planned but have gotten completely off track - at least I've had coffee :-)
U didn't have to stoop so low. Its sad, now we rly aint friends, we coexist. Somebody i used 2 kno, smh. Happy i got a heart & common sense!
bored just got out of a closet
It's fucking groundhog day !
I just watch the clock jump ahead to 3am. Got to love insomnia.
home is fine sometimes...
you are thinking, lets go hog wild tonight and have exotic Slovakian mutton chops 4 dinner
It was cool to see the heroes getting savaged by evil, which was run by another set of heroes against another evil. Smart.
The alien invasion, for one. Oh, and the return of the dinosaurs. Turns out they weren't extinct after all, just hiding. Who knew?
happy birthday! (:
*walks in late as always* Hey, congrats on the book sale- that IS aweseome!!
That would be so fun.! #punaboutfun RT : Please tour with fun. Love me and
YES! Our webinars are free and available to all! Archives are available for viewing for 6 months as well.
Like coffee? Could U convince 4 friends to give $1 to charity? Get a $5 card each time u do! "START A CAMPAIGN"
How many slices of Johnny's Pizza have you had so far this year?
TOMORROW don't miss & at on Canal Street from 8-10p for a rockin good time!
well I think ur playing the showbox in Seattle in June, my favorite venue there, so I might just fly home just for that :)
thinking about it, I think I love you more then food
Yay. Valentines Day is tomorrow, can't you tell I'm exticed -.- #ForeverAlone with
Don't miss the Sunday Jazz Lounge Finale! With Rodney Richardson & Joe Herrera Sun. March 27 8pm at Twins Jazz Club 1344 U Street NW DC
Thanks for the follow! I love the red jeans on your website's gallery page. Awesome styles.
thanks to #wordly for getting me through my cross-country flight!
cheer up buttercup. Errthang will be alright <3
Yes I have been there, well worth a visit! :) Mare Nostrum #great seafood
finally getting some sun. That monsoon was killing me #Miami. PhoneGap installed and ready to go! Time to make some apps....
My phone is stupid <WeMissAustin!>
Greatest artists need people like you! Thanks for supporting independent music!
retweet my boys and I'll win a prize. You were awesome on their show awhile back come back soon.
We only have a 3 and a 10 day. Look at the difference between /forecast10day/ vs /hourly10day/ & /forecast/ vs /hourly/
More so yesterday, but I'll take it!
Follow my twitter page to get updates on my novel!
my phone died :(
Busted my ass on the ice today. First time this season, not so bad.
Damn right i got it!
lmao oh man beautiful ny !!
counting down the hours til I see the hubs 😍
Big ass lizard in the road smh ony in south florida
yes you would bring from the 219
Alas, he died before I had the pleasure.
Headed to uptown %$&$# me and my bestiest *&##@ best of times!!!
In honor of Black Friday.....we are having Black OUT Friday. $2.75 drafts all day, on all beers.
somehow I lived until today w/o knowing that mother-in-law is an anagram of woman hitler.
so good. can't wait to go back again soon!
Are you cool?? Yes! Hey...are 1D going in the Italy please...in the Rome!
Hm, isn't in the mood for wings. Something else please. Hurry up... is awakening.
This is a weird stoppage.
YOU KREY KREY. what about like lafawnduh or something ghetto and fabulous
#psanderettememories my fave?? when i bought the Underrated EP😍
Wow, I am the trifecta of useless. I have an English degree, and I am a journalist who writes about libraries.
'One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.' --Bob Marley
and all tied, 25-25. 5:50 in the half on #ESPN2 It's a showdown.
lol.. gotta love the holidays! I'll find out my schedule for next week, tonight..
I hear thunder nd rain :(
"I dont want perfect, i want real. " Well your as real as it gets. Your what i want and what i need, your a gentleman :) <3 xox
ikr! I took my iphone money & bought a droid pad. Now I really need a new phone. Fuck
Well I love you and your page too!
We are excited! RT: Awesome planning meeting today with getting ready for jingle bell run
Chillin eating Gumbo
thanks for giving me and grass stains. that's the last time i'll ever bow down to you
Check out 's table - they have their own candy! There are also sweets at AirX/SDE, & UCSD tables.
Glad you liked it!
Just got a box of fresh sensors in the mail from and did a happy dance.
Good sex will keep a person in your life. But it shouldn't be the only reason they want to stay.
honor to meet you boys and have a conversation with a few of you(:
4/5/1786->H. Lee:...there is more wickedness than ignorance in the conduct of those who have influence in the fabrication of our Laws
Show me that the two cases are analogous
Today is the day that you become great!
your welcome ^_^
IMRE is proud to sponsor 's #RacefortheCure on Sunday, Oct 23. Who else will be running with us?
lol why are we so cute? We're the only lame couple that has the future planned out hahaha
your white for a reason so don't act like you black -.-
Gorgeous icon. N i thought the fan video u made wuz da bestest one yet!
Sometimes I wish that I did not have any feelings. Feeling too vulnerable.
It's Superbowl Sunday! Are you making any tasty game day snacks?
shattering loss for you blokes. Now Baltimore turns to you for some summer glory. Get Ray Lewis to be your asst. coach
Who wants to open for Though She Wrote? Email
How ya doing over there ? Cooled off a little?
what's up
just txtd u
when was the last time wisky hit 12 threes in a game?much less first 30 minutes...been my luck lately
If your New Year's resolutions include making new friends, career development, volunteering more, and expanding your mind, we can help. :)
yo jago uve come a long way! Nice job!
I miss u "Beautiful"
Does anybody else think that place is mad random/not the right place for a work lunch? Of all the places in this city, we're going to there.
Wishing I could have powdered donuts delivered. Remember Pink Dot?
you people give me heart palpitations
you are just JELLY >:c
Business Card Design @ $75
Thanks for the recent follow!
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO!!!!!!
I could get behind that.
nope, definitely a commie.
I deal with that very same struggle myself, Allison.
Max is such a good baby... Just lays there and minds his own until he's hungry or needs his diaper changed.
My Hawaiian luau wedding reception countdown continues...7 days left until the party in Michigan!
I really hope all you guys are in the same room right now
This is inspiring!
My response to people usually is a grunt.
Hyped up about seeing you on CSI Miami tonite bro!
I like to read the newspaper!
maybe they'll have something on the news tonight or tomorrow. I forgot all about it :-(
7-11 is coming back to J-Ville. Slurpee Up!
Urban Noise: Winter Festival is now confirmed for March 29th at Brooklyn Bowl! Bands to be announced shortly!
seeing videos with my dad
yup Im working with him.
and did you find this out after you had placed your order or before?
That awkward moment when one of my mom's fb comments on my status...
#School starts tomorrow...#LAME! But luckily its my last year!! : )
Researching for a graduate class presentation this afternoon and supervising a patron in the reading room.
President Obama has New Mexico and Wisconsin in the Sweet Sixteen, but no further than that.
Thanks for the RT!
yes! and love!!
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe. Voltaire
Very weird, since all three popper up. Sorry about that, I have no idea what happened.
It was my choice to follow you. I am well.
they want what they can't have :x
same here but when you get your phone back???
« Brewers clinch #BREWERS #bitchimfrommilwaukee»
why so lonely?
Don't worry, Moo is a very private cow. She won't be hanging around here much.
When someone follows you, so you follow them back, and then they unfollow you. Seriously? Fuck you
sINGE'd
falling asleep to Bayside and seeing them for the first time this weekend :3
I'll be unfollowing 459 people if they are'nt following me back!
5/14 LCE Senior Medicare Patrol presents to seniors @ Mount Herob Baptist Church NE, topics:Medicare fraud waste & abuse;identity theft
I didn't even know there was a six flags in Ohio.... or there "small town" Lima, Ohio
If you dont accept someone at their worst, then you dont deserve them at their best
GAME ON I'll be there!!
Hehe, just being difficult. :)
Next time the bakery has more than one left when I get there, I'll get some extra for you & send them to Buffalo. : )
In Phily for Extreme Reunion w/ Shane Douglas, Raven, Cody Michaels, Sabu, Balls Mahoney, Al Snow with Head.
We do not stop exercising because we grow old – we grow old because we stop exercising. – Dr. Kenneth Cooper
you flying into LAX/if so, what time are you arriving? I'm flying outta LAX at 9, but ill be there at 6:30 probably
Today has been nothing but me tweeting about old retarded memories. Gotta love it tho.
you too!
Hump wit it RT : Big booty hoeeezzzz!!!
How many hours after watching Breaking Bad should my erection subside?
That awkward moment when doesn't follow you:(
how is training camp? You up in Philly?
when I looked online it said the show was the 17th of no, are you sure its this Tuesday?
Hahaa, hellzz yeah!! How did you know?
This was a very small town in North Georgia. I think we'll never be on #storagewars. Such a shame!
If you have a brother, can you have a best friend as well?
Liking that one girl, who will never like you back ever again. Just little phrases make me smile then i realise how much of a cunt i was..
Interesting examples of low-resource, high impact prototypes in Obama campaign web page & book title
MT : Google the word "askew"..... #veryclever -
What your pledge dollars buy: 1 physical, occupational or respiratory therapy consultation = $150. Find us at www.twitter.com/phoenixmda
EXBX trying to run....
jeez there are smart people out there. Just saying. Merlin Mann, Patrick Rhone. Plus all those books I won't have time to read. Jeez
my account got spammed. Im fixing it Thanks
Please email me at at your earliest convenience. ~ allison/online media manager
Wow! Joshua. That may be one if the best performances I have ever seen on American #Idol!
still proud of you guys! <3
you're about to be bowsered.
Trying to make since of all this !!! Im not a puppet im triston thats how it will always be !!! Me being me
Toilet paper.... R u an over or under person?
haiti day 1: crazy roads/driving, great experiences setting up solar energy source in a small town, not sure how i'll capture all in a story
Great trip to the Bay Area & Las Vegas. Lots to follow up on. Good to be home.
Please like!!!
New Shows Posted! Check out our band page!
you're still hot. Fro and all ;-) have fun
I love you is an eight letter phrase but then again so is bullshit
": " I Eat Beef - You Bring Salad Ima Toss It " , I Fucks Witcha ." Ayyeee ha ha
cocaine addicts have white Christmas' every day....
When we as a society stop making generalizations/stereotypes towards people, the world will become a better place to live
ur welcome .... thank u... ur fine I heard what happened smh... I will
just finished my longest and most difficult research paper ever in my whole life. i feel relieved.
Thanks! Looking forward to continuing our conversations!
Thanks for the follow. We just installed a fiberglass full view w/Maple Park Glass, satin nickel hinges & hardware. Looks Great!
That is the worst. GL!
Thank you! Tell yo' mama and 'nem to follow too! J/K. Be inspired always! RT now following!! God bless
Starbucks #fedhill open!
A special hump (leap) day! Spent playing guitar, singing, and just appreciating the extra time w/out guilt!
Watching the game with a KU alumni -- Harry Sydney.
Guess my generous rdg wld see this "shift in tone" as just a put-on ("make the middle feel...")? Maybe? But doubt that's what's meant. (3/3)
How is everyones day going? We have beautiful weather here in Chicago!
“: Everybody has somethin to say about your life. Bitch tend to your own !”
So tired...
i might not be that perfect in doing everything but i could be perfect in loving you
"I don't need a bag" "do you need a box?"
Why am I suddenly starving???
That sucks. I have one tomorrow and one Thursday!
Manufacturing runs!?! This Crew team is maturing before our eyes... The patience has just been fun to watch!
I might be the only one in the school that's digging the college softball on the big screens in the forum, but I'll take it.
its thundering, lightning & raining... LOVE it :)
Got the J.O.B. :) Thanks for all the prayers!
With the new iPad it's going to be a rough day at the local mall. If you have Mac needs, come see in Millersville 9-1
this is a no brainer
#ThatDepressingMoment when look in the freezer to eat corndogs and find out there is no more
#sales failure is common- but emotionally devastating. Learn the right coping strategies now. Read my ebook.
Star Wars Episode I in 3D?! Are you flippin serious?!?!
i look like a lobster
im still loving it. Send it to my phone
How does one play "Chest"? " : He once scored three touchdowns and two homeruns in a game of Chest"
oh hahaha I was like damn that must be some spiteful ass ex bf
hey sexy
Is there an agency in Milwaukee that specializes in social media? We're actually looking for someone to generate content...
The enemy damages us once, we damage ourselves for the rest of our life. God is my deliverer!
Dear Slingbox, please let us help you - Lost Remote
by others that are not giving as much as he is. Kobe has been willing to pay any price to win. He wants the same aggressiveness
I don't use drugs, my dreams are frightening enough. -M.C. Escher
The Romney Campaign: pandering to ethnocentrism since 2012.
Couple days of summer weather, then two days of winter (even snow) then back to summer. Yeah! Sure! SD weather "always the same" - NOT!!
The reason for the surge in gun safe sales is child protection.
no ma'am “: Am I the only one that yells 'Charge!' at home??”
It's amazing the things you find yourself watching just because someone posts it. A pack of 34 Saint Bernards, clearly I must seem this
Don't talk about my Pauly that way
thanks for following...gurl!
Follow your heart & pursue your dreams , the outcome will lead you to insanity <3
how's going?
Indeed. It's such a humbling and profound experience to stand in that motel, ponder those bullets, and all that's happened since.
Hey! So Excited!RT for a roll call. Who's going to #BBCVegas Say hi to me&my roomie/wine twin
and that's when you smile and say, 'I'm Chef Jen Carroll and I'm a badass. Eat what I serve you and be happy about it."
She loving the crew what a fucking bird lol !
Headed to NYC later today, through Monday night.
are playing rok music in public tonight. We'd like to see you.
Let me catch u n a lie or cheating I promise you ill be in jail an 2 of you will b 6 feet under maybe 12 feet
Jayy are you guys coming to Chicago this new tour?<3
so cute!
"Occupy Reno" occupied Reno for about 6 hours. We occupied Reno for 30 hours
Sorry I have been MIA - apparently I get no service in the green mountains of Vermont. Not necessarily a bad thing...
Congrats on your continued success in dancing, football, family, and life! You are a true role model for us!
had a conversation yesterday about how the character of brand's office is now a important factor of brand identity.
How your day been homie? :)
be smooth bro
Well I'm liking this idea more and more! This'll be a blast! I may take the bus, but only if I can get a ride from the station.
okay<3 please go c:
Bittersweet = my favorite & reminds me of Cafe Loco. lol. listening to the HoodooGurus
More presents! Pthalo green!
I wonder if any serial killers follow me
ONE I hope it's hella soon
well, it's not everyday someone i know gets to hang out with Darth Vader! (still jealous!)
Man...you're disrespectful. It's one thing to admire a woman's beauty and grace, but some words should remain in your mouth.
Not if you have a prescription! Then it's totally on the up and up. :)
LOOOOOL Okay that made me laugh :$
Follow me,is Sexy related to Watch Desperate Housewives Online
i LOVE Jon Brion productions
See our Excellent $1 Beer on Sundays!
Almost finished packing. will have a new location next week!
Nothing like spilling coffee on yourself to start of this sunny Monday morning!
Brand new splendid JUST came in- I'm dying to try on the long strapless jersey dress...it will be uploaded tomorrow, so check the site!
Enough is a word not many understand fully
Cant wait til my birthday!
Yeah...I thought it was pretty hilarious. Feel free to disagree, just know that you are wrong.
thanks for the support - looking forward to our event at the Phoenix Zoo on 4/21, Hope you can make it! Haven James is playing
What you call the folkz that work tirelessly in the shadows, "TheInvisibles"
This ump's strike zone is absolutely massive in the Indians game. Calling everything inside and outside a strike.
Thanks a million, ! I do my best.
thanks! and yes, I am excited for to be here!
Happy Holidays everyone!
do you have Brandi camera?
Touche my friend.
Black Friday :)
Lol! We love all things "sassy" too :) What do you think of it in our name? Sassy Nails. Does it fit?
Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself and know that everything in this life has a purpose. -Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
Our team is in mourning. We tried to save a sick wild rabbit by taking it to the SPCA, but it had to be put down. So much for a positive Fri
No problem. I sympathize because my email and my office have had a fair share of grubbing during the last WEEK of finals.
Get this Phucking Asshole out of here
#Kia optima spot lived up to hype. Neat compilation
: Gents, 18 holes for 2 at $18. you get to bring a friend. We'd love feedback & input to improve deals too!
RT : We still have time, keep tapping away!
Making homemade pasta with a goat cheese and grilled plum tomato pesto for mama this evening! Stay tuned
just agreed to the commercial idea for
What? RT : Only time will tell
I did tell him that he was born in jail & the police brought him to our house because ...
Yeah I know.. I remember those days.
Working on a promo spot for "Red Bull." Extreme!
I'm ready for Louisville!!
Chat live TONIGHT @ 6:30pm PT w/ Top 7 SYTYCD finalists on Facebook. U can submit ur questions now via Twitter using hashtag
Linda's colon cancer research contest is racking up the bucks
Idolatry: If _______ is going well, I'm doing well. When _______ isn't: Jesus being still alive and risen...
Be careful about opening one door b4 you shut the other one!
thanks for making it impossible for me to get to campus & turn in my papers. (& I'm not even going to my commencement…)
she say money make her cum, i say money made u dumb
A weekend without Twitter. Did I miss anything?
Happy Mothers Day to you ladies. Especially my fellow Warriors. May you all have a relaxing tantrum free day!
Arrow Electronics Expands Online Resources with Mobile Site - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)
is aggrevated that schools are closing half day. Good thing I just hired a Nanny,
they droid razor maxx has a much bigger battery which lasts a lot longer!
FYI Talking Heads: Rather than putting the Obama Presidency in a hospice, work with the Man and his cabinet.
Gregory Crane from Tufts at Chicago AHA doing v sophisticated work mining huge bodies of Latin and Greek texts.
For the first time in my life, I am not a daily newspaper subscriber. $300 a year just seemed like too much. Yes, you can blame the iPad.
Considerate it my thank you.
Thanks for highlighting us, Greg! I'm glad you're regularly covering these important issues.
Of course U Already kno.
You drive me crazy in more ways than one.
I concur. I have some things I've been wanting to rant about with you offline.
Sunday Funday begins with bloodies and beermosas at our bar.
i am eating food. Ryan is our ELT
Happy Friday! Hope you're making it happen!
they are still rocking for old men :)
hey hey Rodney ....can't complain...looking forward to being back in Philly soon I'll keep you posted
Love how all the burnt-out DJ's suddenly have something to say when they see an up-and-comer making moves.
I don't know you but followed your link...LOVE this guy!!!
Watching Florence & The Machine's rehearsal for #TheVoice live show tonight.... So damn good!!!
Tonight, ok, let's try again, this time with a little less Charlie, and a bit more Emilio. 10pm w
preaching varies from community to community.
Loving JJ Berea right about now. Such a great game.
there not there! There are girls but not ICONic girls! :(
I like New York City better at night the neon lights all a glow and it's cool temp
That awkward moment when somebody says they are inlove with you and you don't feel the same way <<
not over you
Just got an authentic chocolate milkshake here at the Wiener's Circle in Chicago! You know what I mean? :p
Out of the 6 in line, 2 have made it out. They knew how to drive or were lucky. After our big hill is another steep one before main road PIB
Maybe that explains Walker's cult-like following
my cousin is a sophmore in college telling me not to tell her mom , umm, como ?
yea if more shit go down like this year did
#EBUS118 Confused, you DO NOT need to an "@" like symbol when you direct message?
I like the word "swiffer"
Have they done any math? or is math too for ?
Enjoyed watching the #Oscars tonight.
I'm on a canceling spree. It is very therapeutic.
Goodnight school tomorrow then basketball practice.
got tanner today <3
When David bar Katz asks you to do a reading of his new play directed by Phil S. Hoffman, you don't say no. So I didn't.
Unless you are in to that sort of thing.
Why did I block her on voxer and delete her now I do.t know how to fix it Damn now I have no way to associate with her. I miss her
I'm so sorry to hear this news, Lori!
My parents piss me off....
RT vote to perform at the Sweet Auburn Festival
no, silly...it gets better client "resource materials"
anybody wanna send some money into the "janie needs $350 FAST" fund? lol
Which flavor did you try? RT: sunbelt bakery cereal >
Me too. Who are you taking it with?
I meant to google that. Sorry. Goodnigh.
Oh two songs in one episode of Made on MTV!
Love takes time.
Happy Easter!
Hi Adam, I'd like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you connect & better understand your fans. Follow me to DM?
memphis soul music and r /b rightl here!
it sure does
You know what doesn't get enough props? The pizza oven. And the Q-tip. And actually having a gas can in your trunk when you run out of gas.
send them my way
prove it
says that users like the passwords data gem especially for sharing passwords with other people
Stop bitching my nigga & just play some b - ball -.-
Oops! Spelling correction coming....
We just welcomed our 12th #Novus member. Thank you #Windshield #Experts for your business!
yeah /: i make sure no one has mine like ever haha. & yeah i get you -_-, at least if no one gets my tumblr im safe haha
1 more follwer to 600. Come on help me get there. I could use some help for my partner in crime
Don't know: lede an old newspaper term for "lead" (from lead type I think). Rere, I'm not so sure about.
sweet dreams
it's on fb check!
Great way to close out the regular season on senior day! Now time to go get us a big east champ and national title.
you are fabulous. Don't even try to list the flaws. How about your strengths?
Good morning, embrace the peace within...love
13:15 left in the second, Delaware up 3-0. Oakland pressuring, can't get a shot through traffic in front
So #RedSox players don't like Bobby V's comments. If I remember correctly didnt they get the nice guy run out of town. Deal with a dick now!
Meet - One of our amazing choreographers and instructors at the Bollywood America Dance Workshop
leaving tomorrow morning. Be up before noon.
happy birthday austin
yes please! I have dance 7:30-8:30pm so before.or after that?
I guess I'll start watching Revenge.
facebook vs twitter calories burned
For a town that loves sports as much as Denver, I think the fans are terrible. There isn't enough of the ones we have.
Skyping all the fans! Add me. My user is joshoverholt
what do you do again?
": TEAM = Together Everyone Achieves More."
If we could buy years on our life how do you think the world would be?
Lmao :D Nothing Chilling Like A Boss Lol x)
I always liked Bacon Bits or Kim Chee.
Totally redeemed
#dying RT : Atrest looking crazy as fuck with that old white chap train conductor hat
Join us tomorrow at Bakery Square for the Bakery's Best Party and yes, we will save a macaroon for you!
New license
Good luck this season!
I have the urge to karaoke
Priceless internship information with and will be there. You should too.
blue-ish black or purple-ish black?
Hi! see you guys TOMORROW!
can't wait to see you either!!! It's been to long!(: <3
#justthinkof Your problems go for a while (y)
Both of your pics (chillin and after gym) are hot lol JS!:)
thoughtful considerations for municipalities considering #opendata RT Municipal open data: A Vancouver pioneer's perspective
#Shoutout to all 14 of my new followers
Wish you could have been here today too!
I wanna mess with shirley
Come back to Facebook! How the heck can I make fun of you on your status now?
Yes. Unfortunately Kohler Co doesn't want anyone to enjoy non-Kohler-owned anything, so the shuttle doesn't leave the village.
I'll give you ten!
MEAT! at the DISH!
Only a few hours away from the excitement that is about to be ... Frappuccino Happy Hour! 1/2 price Frappuccinos from 3-5pm until May 13
Also, thanks to my friends ( ) for reminding me it isn't unfeminist to call the police.
haha I am cracking up! I'm going to go out and buy you some movies to watch! Good movies!
My son has a great sense of humor, likes to read and can beat his dad at Chess!
M Light brights aha
Losing Weight May Help Lower Cancer Risk
Tim Riggins on The Bachelorette? #wait,what?
and the mind is so scared it closes its eyes and then forgets it has eyes --Ron Padgett
Enjoying a beautiful sunny day in Miami.Connecting with my sources,nature and the simple things that life offers me today
Ugh. Cmon #Knicks! Lets get this lead back!
tell us now!
Haha - Just trying to calm the panic - BTW - Proud of u as a latin comic, and a Floridian.... Nice job at WSOC....
I play basketball....with the hoop near the floor!
I need sleep or I'll be all dead in 1st ;o
Follow EVSC teachers here /evsc-tweeters
I'm beginning to have real questions about the long term sustainability of this system. Perhaps we should change things about it.
you know he is a pastor lol
I hope everyone had a fabulous day. Wishing you an even brighter tomorrow!
The Pioneers have finished up on Floor. Using the last five minutes of their warmup rotation to relax and have a little fun.
hey Carla , the GNR concert was awesome . they play for 3 hours , They all rock
so wish i could go that sounds amazing!
"TIRED" going to bed night colemanators :•O
RT : 'Open conversations generate loyalty, sales and most of all, learning... for both sides.' - from Seth Godin's blog today...
what i took away from show in nash, "i've never seen an effort so quickly by so many volunteers.
Can you ask your Mayfair staff not to short customers on your over priced smoothies & then laugh about it as they walk away?
i posted the lyric video to 11:11 and people liked it. people know who austin is (:
Look at who just stepped into 2012 with a fresh new twitter account! :)
"I would never try to make you be, anything you didnt really wanna be, Gracie girl."
RT : Funny enough, FREEDOM is what motivates me.
What is a social life? Can I retweet this?
And for the second play in a row, I am forgotten up at dubourg at night alone... Thanks dad
so far votes for most powerful working class song by bruce springsteen - My hometown and atlantic city. Your picks?
Thanks for the pics Patrick! I'll get back to you asap
thanks! I like driving thru small South Jersey towns. Sun wants to come out, maybe soon it will shine.
I need it in my lyfe!
please folloow me :(
cf. ADVENTURE, early MUDs, Choose Your Own Adventure books, and so on...
The Heiress at the Pasadena Playhouse was very good. You should all see it while its still out!
I'm so tired right now. Derek has friends that work at this club and they let us in and we had some drinks...now I'm tired. But
speaking in tongues is spiritual. When you understand spirituality in full then you will know that tongues aren't stupid
RT : Did you know? You can do any of our programs during your J-term! Spanish lang., intern, volunteer, or group programs!...
impossible to write anything off because you know those receipts go straight to the trash.
beware the viper!
man today has been relaxing bout to clean some clothes. work has kept me busy finally have some down time to clean.
Don't be misled - you cannot mock the justice of God. You will always harvest what you plant. - Galatians 6:7
does wicked good punk AND is wicked good with Adobe? Whoda thunk. joshing o.c.
The door to a balanced success opens widest on the hinges of hope and encouragement.
Bonne Saint-Valentin! We are enjoying La Rosette - 1/2 pt St-Germain topped off w Brut Rose Champagne in a flute. How about you?
Tonight is PiYo with Lisa from 6:45-7:30 pm!! Come join us and have a blast working out! Check us out on twitter
- Saying destroying companies makes you a good businessman is like me saying that killing my plants makes me a good gardener
What creative plans do you have for the weekend?
Leo's CD makes me want to go back again to the great Alirio rep.(ALirio's OWN versions of pop pieces) Why have people ignored this rep?
“: Dane Co. Referendum - Collective Bargaining - Yes 68% No 32% with 53% in #wiprimary”
Pinterest founder self proclaimed fan of Reddit. Makes since that Pinterest is almost a female version of the male dominated Reddit.
i might have stayed up an hour past my bedtime reading it and then had dreams about it. have you read fun home?
Dark blue, dark blue. Have you ever been alone in a crowded room? Well I'm here with you.
This floor hard then a BITCH
17 hour drive to NY
Friday, but work's not over yet! Now to write article on Seattle's latest karaoke hotspot. Sake Sangria? SOLD.
Life's full of ambition, be passionate in what you love to do and don't do anything unless it makes you happy.
I CAN'T SCREENSHOT! ): won't follow me now... ): I voted so much. </3
I think is rapping in "We didn't start the fire."
I agree. I absolutely agree.
I'm From Da City Where Some Of Thhe Best Died . . .
thats pretty harsh.
My kid is transfixed by space shuttle landing at JFK.
Coffee, Big Bang Theory, laundry, bed. Such an exciting life I lead. But I had Popeyes today, so it all evens out.
We're located just outside of Boston! If your interested in getting in touch drop me a line
10,000 words, 2 finals, and one sculpture until I get to read the Hunger Games!!! Oh and graduate
Enjoying a hot cup of coffee on a hot LA day in downtown- BTW- downtown you totally suck today.
up to episode #20. Learning for my sons career. Loads of great info. Keep up the awesome show!!!
<singing> As we enter into this holy place; we give reverence unto your holy name; all glory & honor belong to you..
RT : DICE 2012: EA's Galda says TV's episodic model is the future of game narrative - Completely agree - we've been doing this...
welcome boo! I sounded like a frog cause of my cough!
class over no work tonight! :)
. Thanks for the tweet tweet retweet love, my darlings. :*
Tyler Farr on the radio?!
Don't ever think ima be the designated driver....everybody will be walking f.ckn wit me lmaooo
It's "Bass Showcase" day at the Pyle Center ... aka dozens of bassists ... playing just bass ... the floor below us ... all day long
New obscure slang of the day from "go full to the Seahawks"
whats good son
I'm sore as fuck
What would folks pay for an evening or weekend SND meetup with a stellar speaker or two? (fundraiser) $25?
Long Beach is all about Grand Prix excitement this weekend! If you need some art and quiet, come to LBMA!
I'm at Burger King getting a Whopper Jr.
Let me get myself together so I can get outta this house ..
you just didn't want to follow me :(
Taking photos that look exactly alike at totally different times
I'll remember that when you're at a merch table after a show trying to sell me something. ;)
No problem. Just a fantastic job. We miss y'all down here!
This weather report does not look good.
i knew it!
S/O to this crazyy guy who is harrasing me about shouting him out
happy Labor day!
Yum, Loukoumades at St Andrew Greek Festival tonight
I am an American Soldier. I am a warrior and a member of a team. I serve the people of the United States and live the Army Values.
Stand still and consider the wondrous works of God.
nice high school come back. ,)
A little chocolate never hurt anyone.
Great to see young learners learn first words.
Was it more of an election or a usurpation?
many new commissioning projects hoping for Bolcom Rihm Gruber + more
New logo! Tell me what you think, good or bad! More updates coming very soon.
Gadget comedy for everyone's first work day of the new year. You Tube Link: HTTP://bit.ly/f0eXVW
man that sounds good...my salad wasn't cutting it today
We do what we can. Think well of us!
with school starting it seriously limits my ability to travel. i'm taking 22 credits this semester. insane!
Data just displayed up on projector for discussion...no need to save, export, etc. Thanks!
Check out 2nite 10 pm w/ actors Jeff Perry Kate Burton Darby Stanchfield JoBeth Williams & ** (OPUS!!)
Im not beautiful like you.... Im beautiful like me.
Henry on with a single
Hitting Knoxville tonight. Watch out!
Thanks for the RT! Do you give your reps similar advice? BTW, glad you survived the busy day yesterday. We like you around :)
The 5 classes for $25 is good thru midnight tonight!
Whats everyone doing on this beautiful day?
Yo, happy Friday! =)
Excited to have you for the summer!
C&S Ostomy Pouch Covers is on Twitter!
Forget the x factor, WE NEED MORE JOBS! The fine people of Miami-Dade County are focused on coming up with SOLUTIONS. 305/786/954 Stand Up.
OMG are you sick I'm so worried about you........
When you have a pinnie and sock tan
RT Just discovered my fly open since I put my pants on at 4:45 am. I've been to Starbucks and the #skiswap. /
Hey all you bloggers help us out by mentioning us in your blogs!
Loved the special brews this week! #Scotland buy some!! M
It finally broke 60 degrees F in Copenhagen! Happy fucking day!
We're like roses with spykes:love your heart,but make hurt your lips...
RT with a hashtag and one word to describe you the actor.
Life would be so much easier if I could just dunk a basketball.
Daily kos hires infiltrating tbagger to do polls? or took money from Koch brothers? WI poll terribly tainted. Shame on daily kos.
This class is on the verge of making me want to shove a pencil in my eye.
A6 Also hiking the Red Rocks in the Mojave when we had no idea how to get back. No trails on red rocks
What the Hindenburg Crash Reporting Really Sounded Like [Greg Laden's Blog]: DId you ever wonder if people "back then" really sounded...
So you're already on Twitter!! Glad to find you!
what up Long Paper! Lol We out here in L.A.!
Back in the 317. Naptown how I've missed you!!!
ignorance is bliss
RT Where's Zach Morris when you need him?
Back to social media after a year hiatus....did it miss me, did i miss it?
I've studied my target. I aim straight. Um comin for ya...
if that is what you want?! :)
Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare. Japanese Proverb
Just got Mattebox today & I lost my Red & Blue filters from the filters menu. How do I get them back? Great app, btw.
YOU order that drink! RT #drinksmenshouldneverorder. Dirty girl scout.
no problem, just wanted to make sure that I didn't miss it. Kinda a highlight in my week.
Heard from a friend I hadn't talked to in a long time this weekend. It was really nice to catch up. Some things never change tho. Haha
RT RT “ RT : I miss you quite terribly. I can't stand the distance between us any longer.”
How is your morning going?(: {DM back?}
I wish I had pizza rn!
Woke up with 101 degree fever and a sore throat. Really don't need this shit right now :/
Banging music so damn nice out enjoy it.
I will try and get you that stuff on my lunch break today. Stay tuned.
Proverbs 16:19 Better it is to be of an humble spirit with the lowly, than to divide the spoil with the proud.
Ya'll Gotta See What Goodies We Got This Summer, My Nig Dan One Lacing This Record Right Now
Big Ten/ACC begins!
Good luck!
can U Say SWEEP
hello! Follow me over here ... I tweet here more often when I do!
“: Double Overtime in LA! Thousands of fans in the Staples looking at their watches, wondering how they will beat traffic.”
When in doubt, go spec.
"I was born when mommy went to a conjugal visit with daddy" - Casey Alyce Jr
Also, Josh, in addition to avatar advice I'd like to offer you the following: #BeatleFood. Perhaps we'll strike a balance.
Hey look at me actually seeing this tweet and responding! I'm becoming a 20's something again...ok maybe not.
/// Wow.....Heat fans are REALLY mad tho.
Scotch and beer for me luv, cheers to ya. Would love to fit in somewhere.
Faith activates God - Fear activates the Enemy. Joel Osteen
Study says shift work, which causes disrupted sleep, sets stage for diabetes & obesity.
Instead of talking about the Pastor; pray for the Pastor. He was praying for you when you were down. (more @ daryldorsey.com)
How many fucks I give: 👌
join our table, the party is wild over here... For realz!
We've been watching since they started showing on BBC America. Glad the seasons are short because I get my fill each time!
Choose #Clippers & #kings!
#HU4L isn't even trending for The united states!! sad :'(
it can be a great tool for connecting
too bad you know as much about this lecture as I do
Ohmigod You Do care enough to get to know me. I am Precisely what you called me. and you're a cretin, but its all good.
loving that Patty's pic.
Wow. #coldplay. The highlight of #SITG without a doubt. Biggest crowd sing along we have ever seen.
Heck, as of Sunday Mr. The Altuve will no longer be in the Top 3 (youngest)...
when I get drunk, I get ROWDY!
Sleep well. Don't keep up too late/early.
It's been pretty rough going, but I think I finally beat my crippling addiction to sobriety.
Woohoo! For a Good Time, Call was bought for 2mil!
I finally got around to reading "Unbroken". I assure you that once you read the Preface, you won't put the book down.
Let's talk "FREE" advertising over coffee before I leave to San Diego - Sydney, Australia. Sound good? :)
Watching the Verlander/ Weaver game from last year... AKA one of the most entertaining games of the year!
who's your favorite from 1D? let me guess louis?
OUCH! I can feel that!!!
walker only knows how to gut public education
I tweeted asking if we could pay late and ride with good conscience.
great to see you last night. Let's catch a flick soon! And follow along!
Our anniversary event; 5/12/12; "Welcome to the Jungle" More details coming soon.......:)
don't worry about dude he just a hater he hates on weezy busta rhymes and ludacris
i think you gave us one of the best pull quotes ever for the album - rock on!
- thanks for the follow!
Kid ink- time of your life
I'm powerless to resist an a-y-c-e Indian buffet.
Maroon Prime by RS1, based on J.J Dessalines historic speech of January the 1rst of eighteen oh four
Hmm I don't know? What do you want to do next? :D Lol
Not coming to that one, but my boss is...will you be at the May 14th meeting?
Life is indeed a game of chess but a strong wind can always come in and blow over the chess board.
Great trend from this observer.
buy eyetv for the mac
Lovin' 's album, Hell Is What You Make It. Maybe you've heard their song, Blackout? Get the full album. :)
I'll make the Dennis Quaid, Disney "The Rookie" movie of your life as a 30's soccer star come out of nowhere. Burt Young as coach.
Fuck bitches get money!
I already have coffee, thanks. :)
I wasn't going to mention it, but I'm a little offended that I wasn't invited to the #RoyalWedding . Pricks.
Wait am I supposed to send the massage to u or tweet it
Happy National Pretzel Day!
RT : Museum geeks: if you are not already following , this is a shame. Rectify it. (WOO THANKS!)
it's odd, but I can't say it ISN'T Stannis. It's heavily implied, but I'm surprised the series makes it so obvious.
Well... what a great great season.
like Morse is doing, by putting off his inevitable lat surgery.
When your sister calls you when your k.o.!
floyd if he is there, if not then hill or another position. Kendall wright=david terrell, remember that garbage
mane damn thats wat u call a as whoopi n lol
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else
Lost my headphones. Now I have to walk to work without music.
Hi Kyle, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Best #ValentinesDay tip to save a lil cash! Stay in & make ur own drinks: Mix apple juice w/ alka seltzer & u got urself champagne! (#Conan)
who loves banana bread? mostly organic(from scratch,) banana bread, fresh and warm out of the oven...sharing with friends at work tomorrow!
Baseball in Education w/ Franklin Central HS & Indianapolis Indians. Great way to spend a day!
Ladies get away with ALOT MORE than Guys Usually do.
Our girl was on set with her, saw the PETER PAN bag she carried. :)
Having breakfast at Tin Shed. Why do I feel like I'm in an episode of Portlandia?
Watching Eddie Murphy movie where he only had certain amount of words left to speak good movie as well
we're all singing 11:11
HS worry "girls" will share "too much info," meet pedophiles posing as teen civics students for coffee; also anonymity & bullying.
Thanks for the mention #AlexanderInt Becky Roe-Smith
I don't even remember the last time I got ready for school
What drink is a must have on #CincoDeMayo?! Please share!
Come to the Red Devil tonight! It's going to be a great show. 1695 Polk @ Clay, SF. Doors open at 8pm. 21+. Hope to see you there!
iis it true that youll always still have feelings for the first person you love?
Theres No Point In Doing Your Homework If You Dont Get It. Gonna Get a Bad Grade On It Anyways . *Shrugs*
You're all secretly sexy.
I am really off balance today
MT Interesting BBC Olympic selections: 17 commentators/pundits to cover football for TV; 5 for cycling.
Duck face <<<
Florida is considering linking its weeks of UI benefits to the strength of the economy. CC:
Hi Janelle thanks for following :D. xoxo
Thanks for the follow, France 44! be sure to keep The EuroConnect apprised of any specials on European wines, beer, liqueurs!
Thanks, I guess I'll take his word for it. ;-)
Having extremely frizzy hair<<<<
Hour and four on the route! God my niece rocks.
A gigantic welcome to some old friends and some new...Nicole, Amanda, Sonja and Bethany! Thanks for checking me out! : )
Why is nothing working today? I have things to do!
It's a runs-orgy for the Marlins.
#zstain1.0 quit trying to make $dstain3 a thing.
Enough is Enough, cause I try to be someone I'm not, not that I want to fit in but just so people talk to me, I don't care, but..
TWISTED FACT: 58% of women say men are better cooks! Agree or disagree?
hey J-Rich!
hahahhaha I love that "browsing around"
God, santa clause,and bill gates.
If you're willing to chase me, I promise to run slow."
What the heck?!
Wake up, wake up, it's the first of tha month, so cash your checks and get up
Bringing in the new year bouncing at The Black Rose Irish Pub. This will be interesting... Happy New Year y'all! Be safe. God bless.
:) I'm just a mama to furry children...menu for mother-in-law :)
defiantly fools..
as long as you don't block yourself I think it's all good ;)
wow denver you have mexican delivery look us up on yahoo today picososmexicanfood.com or call us at 303-999-0785
Annoying ain't it? Lol. But sometimes they do a good job. Sometimes. Oh, how was 'Cabin'? I don't do horror too much.
“: Mid range jumpers.... They hitting them” - they sure are!! Smh.
“Action is the foundational key to all success.” -Pablo Picasso
Tx4tf. Got any tips for me? I have sheep's milk I want 2 make soap. Clueless at this point. :(
Just a thought: Why is everything on the left side called "weakside" in football? It's an unfair generalization of everything left.
Between my wife's cats and her mother's rat-dogs, I married in to some defective animals.
if a Co2 detector is not needed - get them a Philly Tech Guy gift certificate! #justsayin'
oh, that sounds so true for me as well: "tired of suggestions of what NOT to do" -- today i'm creating & producing, not consuming
Excited to talk to librarians about THE 500 at our booth 1311
Man I got the worst headache right now...
I agree with that but I like veggie patties some times. I will get the BK veggie burger and add bacon to it
Thx for your support :)
“: Im so hungry” go eat some food then(;
Add vodka to her water, and she'll be walking on her hind legs before you know it....
Marv just got his dick electrocuted!
Congratulations for being named #best #law firm by U.S. News & World Report in #corporate and
YES thank you for the link!
Managed to get a calc professor that speaks english...but he doesn't know how to use a graphing calculator.
Hi Twitter ^.^
I saw Henry Francis trending on Twitter. I guess that means the always discontent Mrs. Francis is back too?
Say again I get discount on netflix and Nike as I look over the discount market place. Home shopping just got better! Let me check airlines
Finally have most of the jazz combo after 2 hours of practicing with no music. My seconds are getting better too! #practicemakesperfect!
GCB got canceled. :(
I will be in Akers Rm. 134 giving out information about the Leadership Games and selling Step Show Tickets from 7:00 p.m.-7:45 p.m.
just a thought
We need trust in addition to shared values - on working together as artists, curators, and educators.
New Pants on www.thenewdivide.com - confusing? Not once you read the NEW BLOG! We're excited to pick up today at PDX!
Tune in each Tuesday for the KOKO Dennis Show at 8:00 P.M. Est at www.kokodennistvshow.com. Chat live with us each week as we "crush all dou
may have to start with new picture or make sure it is the correct way from the source photo.
Weigh in event for #UFConFUELTV 3: "Korean Zombie vs. Poirier" takes place today LIVE from Patriot Center in Fairfax, VA 4pET.
Overweight is something that just sort of snacks up on you.
I went to see Yanni. lol. haha. Gift for my wife.
The cheese wasn't even melted! I shouldn't have to order a toasted sub for a hot sandwich. I don't like the toasted bead.
u jive turkey lmao !!!
Just checked myself in (online) for tomorrow's flight to Google #io2011. Should be fun!
guys! we broke 200 followers finally! (: thanks everyonee<3 also, did you hear that is recording new stuff!?
Looking at photos from the weekend, and I still say are the best couple EVER.
i love yhu bookie keep ya head up dude.....#teambreezy BITCH!!!!!!
" Help us get 5,000 Chicagoans to speak out 4 the arts & arts education.Sign the Culture Counts petition
Having home makes my heart happy.
i want the one thing video :o
follow back z :)
So apparently they're filming something at my train station o.O
I'm going to assume Polson has done something or just sucked bc he is just not getting in games.
Text me your new number
"They do not have any political party at all representing them."
Thanks for your kind words and RT about the Olbermann essay.
Man, I think I won my office Super Bowl pool.
To all those who seek to speak out on these public channels, be ware. Your tweets are being monitored by friends & foes alike.
Reminder: Gresham-Barlow schools CLOSED tomorrow. Teacher unions continue negotiations.
Maybe you need to sponsor next year? ;) RT : A few important blogs missing from that slide.
I love it when kittens sleep and then you wake them up and they purr/meow at the same time
Ghetto burgers for dinner i do it! Lol
Somehow I always manage to find the edge cases in any piece of software, the bugs nobody anticipated or has experienced.
