you can't tell me that if you were getting played by some girl you wouldnt want to know..don't give a smartass reply
my favorite Frank song once again. You know just how to cut to the core of me, Baxter.
and since retweets it, folks from NYC see it and respond. The power of the retweet.
lets go vikes!
Good night
- you got it. Will check out your site this week. Innerwebz out in neighborhood this evening :/
Again has done something amazing and been under appreciated!!
caffeine, sugar, and video games. good day so far
what is the make of your car?
Keep it up! Make your heart healthy. #healthyliving (:
Gonna go buy Arizona later
thanks :) hope yours was amazing!!
I wish I didnt have any feelings so I wouldnt have to deal with them
Dying to see the boys. Please add a Seattle date.
C'mon shitty you can beat manure and make it an awesome end to the season.
If everyone exercised their right to a jury, the criminal justice system would.
Thank you for the RT !
My professor has chalk all over her shirt and all I can think about is Mean Girls when Miss Norbary takes off her top and her tank top s ...
have a great day u x
Front Page now Caters. Contact 202- 296- 6500 for information
Brian Urlacher and the dude from The Darkness in the same commercial = awesome
Just keep pushing and it will pay off
YES!!! Isnt it sad that us two and are the only ones on twitter that's joining us?
It's the Rose Ceremony. Lindzi looks like a supermodel, Nicki looks like a toga party, Courtney...well she's a skank.
Why Instagram is Terrible for You, and Why You Should Use It
"I'd like to steal me one of them pairs of boots especially"
lol...wait, so, rain forest with none of the good stuff?
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself. — Wayne Dyer
is that how it looks? The color is called medium auburn and in my bathroom it looks really dark...
Thank you for follow me here on tweeter! Thanks! =)
*Buys magazine* *Flips page* Boring *Flips Page* Boring *Flips Page* OMG! ONE DIRECTION *Reads*
Give me a break. You ARE a bank by now. A big, understated basic cable bank.
no its not wavy dude, its highly unattractive, yo im in nyc you were suppose to link up with me a while back smh
you should make it 21 and do mine too :) hahaha
Stop tweet watching so I know its real. Lol
Seriously .... Best new artist is....???
YES, I am in Orange County today--and it does! How is the makeup business going, Lauren?
If replied to me I would cry of happiness in the corner <3
Sorry if I don't do #FF anymore !! I have way to many followers that I talk to but I do love u all and appreciate ur ff's for me so Ty
Happy St Patrick's Day Twitter Peeps! Have a bit of #craic. #slainte!
Rewatched "Corridors of Blood" (1958). Surgeon in 1840 London conducts anesthesia experiments on himself. Way bad idea.
Simple Membership sites can quickly increase your monthly cashflow for your business.
i just wanted to take them to tell you that ur my favorite ;) <3
Oohh had a lovely sleep and rest :)))) loool x.
you're so smart, Ben.
FOR THE WIN. RT : "Art is not just something you pass on the street. It's a way to solve innovation problems."
#kids Toddler Storytime at Irving Central Library, Tue, May 15 7:00p: Toddler storytime will engage young children through stories,...
looked absolutely beautiful tonight and I'm so happy to call her my friend<3
The conclusions that they come up with for those Direct TV commercials 😄 >>>>
I'm game! What time?
The Rob MIchaels Band is live Thursday 12/16 @ The Viper Room in LA () more details on this event for charity coming soon!!
Pretty exciting time (read nerve wracking) but my debut novel is coming! No day job yet but Im writing like a fiend.
BTW In Hawaii we dont all speak Hawaiian, i no maybe 5 words in hawaiian&We Dont Always Say ALOHA! Actually NEVER!Were Not much Different...
It�s interesting to notice that a lot of the time homeless people have exceedingly well-trained and calm #dogs!
Check out the new story on "Cadence" and the acoustic song they performed for us. Great sound. Incredible voice.
I hope you went to the Air & Space museum...
Diet?? Never lol
I'm going in. And it'll be 10 long boring hours before I come out. Brace yourselves. Think happy thoughts.
What do you call those boxes on the Web w. squiggly characters -- that ask you to transcribe?
Made it to LA, waiting for my family to arrive in a couple hours to start vacation. In the mean time, I'm battling montezuma...
Making some awesome food tonight.
It was a lovely evening with old friends and new :)
thank you! they need all the luck they can get!
And for the first time, the #Oscars only runs 10 minutes late.
“: #WTDY Everything at Noon wins best news radio show!! Wisconsin Broadcasters Association!” Congrats!!
RT": Kent, WA on Thurs.. Marysville, WA on Fri..Seattle, WA @ the Hard Rock Cafe on Sat night.." GO..U won't be disappointed!
My last post made me sound Irish.. And I love it.
“Boredom comes from a boring mind.” ― Metallica
"Jessica just called you cute Lexi!" "Really?" "Yeah *laughs*" :P No really, i have to go. Talk to you later Boo!
- Rose bowl was AWESOME!
Wish I had my phone with me, BL is wearing white camo pants & jacket. Only her, I swear.
I just ate breakfast there yesterday morning & it was heaven. I was like, this is what I've been missing?
it was incredible. Definite must. Hope all is well.
pretty much.
It's like a terrible tattoo convention here. Fabulous!!!
The Super Committee is a #superjoke! No surprise they have failed their duty!
I like older disney movies like cinderella snow white and sleeping beauty ok u can stop laughing I am a romantic
In order to have a good business, you have to have someone who understands business.
You always go to the best restaurants! Where is this?!
lol i thought i was the only one who knew that lol
“: any of you ever have Seven Kings beer?” nope? What is it?!?
Come to "In The Mix" tonight for a chance to win a 50.00 gas card, a free social media campaign, & more! See you all tonight @ Aurum Lounge!
Bikram yoga class complete! Hard to believe I've been practicing for a year now! Love it!
Local since forever. I love it....
Metric system. Ha! That went the way of the other 70s dream, personal jetpacks.
man, That's a bit harsh
I locked myself out of the inner part of office today. I "broke in" by climbing through the reception window.
Hey Have another drink ... you loser!
Last two days of solitude before kids are out of school for the summer. Should be writing, but all I can do is smile at the silence.
You may have to fight the camp counselor!
Beers at custom built burger
amen to that I def belong to this
Bartending ! Tell the door ur here for me or Monica and get on "THE LIST" and get in for free and drink specials! *muah*
on twitter
I have a lot of jeans that look a lot alike.
very nice view
Teal definitely looked like he needs a little more developing for USMNT Unfortunately
“...In me you may have peace. In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world.” John 16
old hands? Is that you? Lol
Good morning..
Omg I can't wait for friday
to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN !You have came so far,I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song is perfection! <3 11
In other words,at what point will you admit that you were wrong about Limbaugh? Give me a day.
OMG I Miss You soo much!! Your welcome!! I Love You!! xoxo
yeah. I saw this, thanks for the share!
Happy birthday to !!
thanks! “: Shout out to ”
RT : I enjoyed The Artist. It was enjoyable. / I enjoyed your tweet because it was shorter.
Rusted Root, Get the Led Out & Molly Hatchet just a few of the names coming to this year's Party in the Park series
hahahah so true!!
funny how this at & t mms stuff has sucked me into its weird orb
u but it did to me.
You. Girl. You right there. You look like you like this shit.
We'll laugh, we'll clap, we'll pretend we're all okay.
thanks! I moved down to Raleigh, now I do human resources work for Aerotek (they are a staffing agency).. they keep me so busy!!
I have sent three emails about puppy adoptions. ONE WAS ALREADY ADOPTED AND I FEEL SO EMPTY.
cool slideshow, D.C. is conservative and Spain is a progressive place…seems to make sense!
you're hilarious I wish you were my best friendd hahah
Wishing I was in new buffalo this weekend, but I'll have to settle for the chi
Couple mins in and #jimmyfallon is already freaking awesome
Agreed, great event! Welcome to Detroit D4D.
girl, thanks for following! You are amazing.
I may be a flirt ; but in a relationship I am so faithful.
Okay, not just Twitter: all of the Internet and probably cable news. On par with the birth certificate stupidity. C'mon, people.
Miami is amazing!!! Ur gonna love it I hope I can meet u <3
Lol She Probably Sleep.!
Yo we need to link up bro...seriously!
Let the games begin!!
is a down fan she always mentioning me
Ricky Bobby!!! Can't get anymore American
#3WordsOfAdvice Call My Lawyer
At 2500 feet! :)
....marrying ppl who are in debt (student loans, car loans, mortgages, etc, etc) unless all your shit is PAID, u can't marry me
Fun time at the Braves game tonight. Sounds like I missed an odd Sox game. Glad MLB.tv has my back
Our song is on, "Payphone."<3333333
How is the food
Everyone #follow and he will
I guess?
Today's Quote: "Motherhood is the the bravest battle that ever was fought!" - Joaquin Miller
Best friends know how crazy you are but they still choose to be around you in public. ;)
your welcome. Hope all is well.
I'm dedicated...
How can I be part of Inspired by Ian foundation?
Aw you're so cute. Good afternoon babe. :*
jt on degrassi i love and miss u
anyone want some free cds?
I can't tell if that loud noise was thunder or the train shifting tracks.
so wrong #HatersWillBeHaters omg if they are gana do that,should at least b funy. Sombody should have them sterilized. Send me link
Today has been long. Just got out the shower and is about to cook dinner, relax and watch me some disney maybe i can catch a new episode
TIME MAGAZINE POLL: Twice as many people support Occupy Wall Street than support Tea Party.
"I spent a year in that town, one Sunday."
#ThingsIThinkAboutTextingYou When Its Gonna Be Official. Obivously I Want U N' You Want Me!
Dukem is the best in town. It's not that fancy but the quality and authenticity is trumps any other in town. 12th/U
I wish I could play #tennis INSIDE.
Steven goes to bed at 9:30 sometimes. I don't see how he does it. But I'm jealous....Wait maybe if I got off twitter..
right on my brutha
what did Jimmy mean about " the way you're feeling "? You sick? And why do u not make appearances in the ford vid's? LOVE U!
Awww. Next time buddy. Just got back to Bmore.
Haha yeah right !
Lucifer in the Sky with Dragons
Laying groundwork for a new long term project today. Horse racing culture.
Hooray for bad calls.
Because of Albert more people realized today that I am on Twitter than the previous two years combined.
If you being loved showing love getting love you in love
give the ball to Otto
New Dodgers owners announce they will lower parking from $15 to $10. Thank you!
do you have a phone?
totes envy your job homegirl.
No I missed walking dead!!  I need my zombie fix!
Shoutout to Kevinri everyone go follow him now! He is a cool guy!
'Have You Seen Her' or 'Think About It'
Back at ya bud!
Wow, I'm loving presentation slides - great visualization of the "field of intention".
I know, same! I got so scared when was like typing all the info in, i was like 'WHAT IF THE TICKETS SOLD OUT ALREADY" haha!
AMEN!!!!! RT : I find it funny when girls try to talk about a sport and they don't nothing about it
it was amazing you need to go see it like right now
Does anyone have this part: TMS320F28335ZHHA? I need 5 ASAP.
eww this couple is touching each other, please get a room!!!
being super hyper and crazy with in the apple store :)
Moving quickly towards our goal -- looking at late October now.
30 minutes to the encore airing of last weeks Amateur Millionaires club. Make sure to tune into MyAtl TV @ 10:30 tonight
#luciatix not like we could get there, but we should win, because you wouldn't like us if we were angry.
RT : Congratulations to who correctly answered Kimera Bartee. We will have another question tomorrow
I either love or hate the Internets. Nothing in between.
Are you craving ice cream today? It's your lucky day! #FreeConeDay at Ben&Jerry's Friendly Center with all donations to #GCM #SpreadTheWord!
There is SO much contention the closer it gets to me departing. I know it's Satan and according to D&C 10:5, I always come off conquerer :)
So what does that have to do with anything. Just sing the song. You get no passes.
Unexpected nerd observation from this weekend: tech startups really love horse races and seersucker. And hats. Lots of hats.
awww thank you! :)
Mike Smith to the bench for the extra attacker! Kings forecheck is outstanding, crowd is electric.
Have you heard ? .... "Metrics" coming soon
How do you handle managing personal vs brand pages on Google?
get it girl!!
Technology... is a queer thing. It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other. Carrie P. Snow
RE-USABLE BAGS = NO TAX FOR YOU || Re-usable Bags: Ex Wives
MT “ Can you get a stain out of my pants if I washed them already?” Depends on stain. Bring pants in. #Free if stain stays.
OMG I WANNA WATCH
so apparently im a cum guzzlin dumpster slut lol well thnx u thats nice thing some1 has said to me and yes i do swallow no spit
Are you kidding me? Brent is crying?
Whole bunch of 7 & 8 year olds dancing in my basement
NSN IS NOW OUT ON DVD, BITCHES :)
What's YOUR fascination advantage? How do you use it in your daily life?
Its a beautiful day in ABQ. Should have taken this weekend off.
Yes! RT : good morning everyone!! Tell someone you love them today and actually mean it!!
I got a great space for you to solve if you dare to venture into the land of cheese
Idea: Downtown Biz's should pony up for Ferry a la a Biz Imp Dist. &/or South Shore Towns.
4 am so in love with drew mcintyre .
I need coffee, too. But where?
I feel so bad for my coworker. She's trying to make small talk but I can't fake it. I don't want to be here and all I hear is gibberish.
ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass
A Good Friday & Passover wish to all...
Her trippy shirt smells just like her <3
embrace it
They're such collages that I remember some moments from one production and completely different ones from another.
For those wondering what that smell is in the cchs parking lot, I hit a raccoon today
OMG SAME 😡
Luckily not in a barn (sadly not for 'in a barn' prices tho.) In serious need of some TLC. We should talk, I'll fill you in.
AWW DAMN, THAT'S HOW I ALWAYS TWEET
New posts coming soon from and -- and some more scandal tomorrow from Samantha (ooh!)
Hey, I just met you, & this is crazy, but here's my twitter, so follow me maybe? ;)
I. Am. So. Cool
I did put then :|
Just read about your grand adventure. Best of luck!
I really wish your parents used birth control and a condom the night you were conceived.
Good Morning Raza!!!!
All Out, All Game, All Season
OMG awesome!!!!
watching ANIME and writing music lol
I don't believe so, but because they work for the federal government and academia, their contact info should be available
Thanks for the invite ladies
sorry for the delayed response but yours is the article I'd like to respond to specifically. I say "panic" bc no increase in...
you invited me
A nap sounds incredible.
goes through one ear and out the other!
No worries.
Laich takes the brunt of that blocked shot, gingerly skates off ice.
LION! I owe you a chat. Had to banana split after your show.
thanks! I've had Club Garibaldi and Classic Slice. Trying Elsa's tonight.
Fricking Pollard again,,
Thank u 4 tha Follow - Forest Factory - Cry if I want 2: via
Woops! I meant "worth"
Hope you've all "liked" PHAME Academy on Facebook - meet our charming cast of "Willy Wonka" each week until our show, June 23-24!
yes you do...
You can't win them all... but I can.
I just can't keep up with kids and their fashion trends these days. First Crocs, then leech jars. Where does it end.
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways try his hardest.
#Driftwoodsailers up next!
Thanks! Does your radio show get many listeners?
The forecast says thunder possible in LA tomorrow. I am way too excited about that.
I don't understand how ya move cause ya don't understand I will not lose who trill as me roll 2 a tree 👌
that'd be to sick!
Gunna jus b sore & ta myself
My shot breakdown for the 3 minute scene alone will be longer than 4 pages... Oh film studies, what a fickle, arbitrary beast.
Oh yeah it's a cool bottle Fo sho
quiet* I make so few mistakes that they are hard to catch.
no phones in class!
Watching Project X. Cannot wait until summer!!!! 😁😃😄
this coming Monday?
really? I was shocked. Usually employees are so nice!
Also funny --> RT : And there is the 1st douche bag whioux fan
Thanks for the RT today! Make it sizzle and smoke!
Ah yes.
too bad they never come to Greece or Cy, same as my book
Give Hawaiian Poke Bowl a shout!!!
Thanks ! We appreciate your help.
Thanks for the beautiful comment - we are all touched.
White Nixon on my left wrist!
I like it the way you move it right thurr, right thurr.
Hay u have a dog laying on ur face right now!!!!! Lmfao :)
Happy Sunday tweeters! We have #jewelers on site 7 days a week so come by #Paradise Valley Mall today!
Does it need to be revived if organizations have regular valuable communication?
CARTEL LA FAMILIA, BE CAREFUL WHAT SIDE U CHOOSE...
SEIU chanting + the band on the first floor = cacophony. It follows then that legislators will not be coming to the Rail. Boo.
The beings wasn't twirling in the air, they were motionless until they displayed their capabilities.
Reading #REWORK and loving it. Thanks for making my 9 hour delay at LGA tolerable.
That orange was on point
wha do you mean by "i got u" ??
up and getting ready for another work day, u?
I was so scared yesterday. I thought you really were going to talk about Gerald Ricardo Miris Jr. Keele for lollapalooza.
Getting ready to take flight during the Rapture. Hm.
Irony: These Jehovah's witnesses are likely going to hell for waking people up so early in an attempt to keep folks out of hell.
iight i got you. Imma get on right now
DO YOU WANNA KEEP WORKING AT A JOB? JUST OVER BROKE. I AM SURE MOST OF YOU CAN RELATE TO THIS. STEP OUTSIDE THE BOX AND BE YOUR OWN BOSS
True Colin. Interesting to see what new comes out at NAB
yeahh, seriously. I'll update it when my tweets become more regular
we'll settle this tomorrow
I know. Thant why I mentioned it.
log onto his account and get him to follow u if u really tweet for Justin
Beautiful I miss you too! Yes, bilocating has required much prayer and fasting but I've finally achieved it ; )
you're welcome! Im excited for you.
I've been deleted.
Ooooweee! It is steamy out there today my little cowpokes! But it is refreshingly cool inside the Cow today and the $5 Texas Ritas! Giddy Up
Thanks to and for retweets and mentions. Much obliged!
How do we align with #Health and #Education? Principal as leader, administrator as key communicator.
m watermelon :)
haha wow, there deep! :)
is it me or is Spaceballs a classic?
Going to bed night night
Vacay to Scotland in August! Any suggestions?
What is groceries? Sorry for my bad english :P
im just saying though....apologies don't fix broken hearts.
Fridge is acting up HELP
Same old attitude but Im on dat new shit dey say dey gone rob me see me never do shit dey no dats the reason dey gone end up on a news clip
She did f a greyjoy. That's how they got out. lol
was all excited about boosting til i saw all the whorebots online :(
#IfIwasPresident I'll fire all those boring teachers in school. Hahaha
Fuck off then bitch
The Mind Creatures (formerly the Pysche Orchestra) is opening up for the one and only Snoop Dogg on Feb. 10th! Get at me!
So glad that made it into the finale. He definitely deserved it. #sohappy #congratsphillip 😃
the grabbing and pointing also helped.
out judging for the 21st annual city garden contest with Greater Newark Conservancy
I wish I had a big enough ass for the while world to kiss.
PEOPLE: vote Fun To Be Around Clown Dressed and ME-Best Smile
Even better in person!!
An idea we love: Repair cafes in the Netherlands put planned obsolescence in its place and teach to repair broken devices...
Newest Kindle is GREAT for reading PDFs. Tried earlier Kindle, Nook, and iPad, but this one works for me, Great contrast, weight & S/W.
Cool! Asked by to consider blurbing book on animals; realize 1/2 through, it's not just good, it's brilliant (Will cite soon)
Looking to buy or sell a Chicagoland home? Contact us today to learn how the current market will affect your options www.TheOertelGroup.com
Please join Bath & Body Bistro at Mama's Minerals @ Lomas and San Mateo tomorrow from 10-4. 144 vendors, music and food. Should be fun!
THE VOICE JUST DID THIS TO GET MORE VIEWERS. SKSNNSSKSNS
What brought you to Scottsdale? Did you enjoy your stay with us?
Stay alive long enough to publish it...
Complete game shut out!
Gus Frerotte thinks Mariano Rivera needs to stay away from walls
Same thing as the last games!! Too many damn second opportunities!!!
English class <<
DSW: Learning the people who knew Madison Hemmings helped to understand his move to Ohio.
Now we'll never know how many people were actually silenced.
I am shocked that they would have seen enough of Smash to know who he is.
Eating some chili..I'm cold and lazy.
A+ in theology. Hell yeah.
#beforetwitter I jerked off with my right hand.
23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #6: Goose Island Urban Wheat Ale 312 - Go #Cubs!
Music Up, Lights Down, Headphones In, Tuning the World Out...
": Happy Mother's Day, Tracy!"/Thanks, Deb! You have a great one yourself! Enjoy this gorgeous weather! <3
Les wants the #Nuggets to put this one to bed so HE can go to bed. #PastBedTime RT Put this f$%&er to bed already!
For some reason, my feet look abnormally large at the end of my legs tonight. Random.
same here haha I love there sweet tea!
congratulations on the new opportunity with !
I don't eat junk food and I don't think junk thoughts.
Ima email you k 😢
ok.. i will
How do I get #HowardStern and #robertAbooey to the Tribeca Film Festival premiere of my Morton Downey Jr. documentary?
gdmorning I'm fine how r u lady?
Good morning world
#textanalytics understanding has variations across verticals, horizontals and even differs across applications! Examples coming up...
Practice What You Preach Or Don't Preach At All.
Hey! i love you Doctor Skalter hahaha Notice me! :)
Its cold in kahaluu tonight
Mahmoud #Ahmadinejad Received his PHD from a paper mill.
Kenzie be on one!
Good Morning #Baltimore! Let's make this week a great one! Today's word of the day is preparation! Preparation is the first key to success!
Gmail users experience outage - CNET
why you no come to Solofras ne mo
I LOVE YOU
have fun<3
no THANK YOU, my sunshine
Just finish hittin the 7th j, more to go.
LETS GET SOME SHOWS POPPIN!
Today was awesome I basically spent the day with the hottest guys in school so fun!!! :)
Mexican zombies?
Cali Christmas... Can You say- #Epic! WHEN IS THE #TAKECARE tour coming to LA? GOTTA get front row center or ill
Favourite this tweet, because your beautiful <3
You had to set an alarm to make sure you woke up by 4pm? You must be doing something right.
one earth...204 countries,809 islands,7 seas,7 billion people........and i'm still single
Wtf is this Cheddar's that just popped up in Avon?!
Today was my Dad's Birthday , Friday IS MY BIRTHDAY. #May Niqqa
RT : Sarah Palin has never been serious about retrieving a political office after quitting Als all she has been after is the money
Standing out here in the cold :(
Going into work early. After yesterdays SHIT STORM, I don't know if I'm ready. Oddly, hippies be real rude-core when they can't use credit.
Watch how Obama uses the Kony campaign for his own campaign.
We sure do! You can find Calcium gummies at :)
first thing in the am. I even use it as reading material in the bathroom. #tmi?
Thank you so much Robin!! This painting means so much to me and it was such an honor to meet the painter in person! This makes me happy
Boston ed struggles- haven't had a contract in 2 yrs, death by many cuts to col bargain rights.
psssshhh not only is it ok... its encouraged!
that's two hometown heros right there
You bet! He was great to go out there and rep some TGB!
I meant no disrespect saying cafeteria style. I was just trying to paint a picture for the readers. Thanks for the mention!
Prom may 5,boom
Lying sack of shit.
Take that young man on his prom pretty lady!:)
That terrible moment when you use your phone so much in school that you have to charge it as soon as you get home so it doesn't die..
wait. do you go to tumblr & edit profile? cause i cant find it on the free online userr thing
Why are all of the Willy Wonka profiles fucking hilarious -Big T
good. Does the City slow down a bit?
Do you sing? Share it on Good To Go.com
Legs are super sore from spin class on Tuesday and Bball tonight! But i had pancakes and eggs for dinner so that took my mind of them :)
Excellent Spa deal on www.crowdclick.com today! Don't let it pass you up!!!
You are an illegible address
you never send me one :(
my lil bro
Leavin for the baptism in 30 mins :) keep tweeting, we just wont reply til waayy later :P sorry! :)
Loving! My new underwear!!!!!!!
I think so too. I'm predicting Rangers vs. Devils in the ECF. That would be really interesting.
next tattoo: an ocean wave. i love summer. i love the beach. i'm really feeling this
Can u fall in love with the same person twice?
Good morning, lovelies! Just a couple more days left to sign up for our PACKAGE SWAP. Sign up today! tinyurl.com/3tddzzr
That was my jam going to fourth grade baseball practice.
I mean how could I not? If I'm going to get keys copied, they're going to be awesome.
There giving you a shot here boys! Now capitalize!
Wanted = sweetest song ever! 😍
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
I SURE WILL THANKS
Dr. Baybeck! I am enrolled in one of his classes for the fall!
are you looking on line or in the city?
Just put your skin baby on my skin.
My timeline: High-top Chucks as a kid, Vans as a teenager, then low-top Chucks in mid 20s
is so far enjoying the Magic Mouse a lot more than the Mighty Mouse.
I'm new to Arduino. Where is the best place to buy? I'm planning to make a sculpture.
Dreading work tonight. #NotInTheMood <<<<
The Hoole Library's new hours start today MWF 9 am -5 pm and extended hours on TTH from 9 am -9 pm!
thank you (: yes I work here every day
So, after a long night on the town where's your favorite place for #breakfast ??
I heard..Sadly Im gone Friday :( but lets hang next week and try and convince Tom to come Thursday instead!
Yes! Third Coast Publishers will be posting the release date of REBELS OF THETA next week!
Practice Safe Scissoring!!!
Where's the book return?
is taking care of business and enjoying life.Thank the Lord!Time to get busy!
Hopefully have my first client, emailed out first estimate for a high-end Chicken Co-op.
Making a sexy playlist! Any song suggestions?
i'm so happy for them! I bet Simon was ecstatic! :D
do u like the candian hats??
Why do you make comics?
that's certainly the toughest way, but I'd like to learn more about how to tell when it's time to quit the day job
Time to put the baby sheep in the oven!
Happy weekend to you! Take care...
would it be better if the 2 x 4 was painted to match the car? Lol
Welcome National Anthem Singer Lea Carranza for this year's event! www.hopeforfirefighters.org
An eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind - M.K. Gandhi
Got bankrolls no stuntin
did you make it out to the Vevet room last night
I could write a thesis on the complexities of Mark Wahlberg's theatrical stylings.
UK cosmetologist sentenced for illegal tooth whitening
Is every conservative in San Diego calling into KPBS now :-)
Fuck! I need to get my ps3 fixed or get a new one, everyone's on ps3 for that game. :(
Chance is never quite chance, but that does not eliminate accidents.
“: If you missed an Easter service, check out to hear message... man is on fire #lovemychurch"
Dining with founders? Yes, plz. Great to meet you finally
Merck Profit Tops Analyst Estimates on Diabetes Drugs
love it!!
"We ignore the bulls*** in the bible about shellfish, dinner, slavery, virginity..." -- Dan Savage
To follow us on Twitter, text "follow TheCabotGroup" to 40404
i love you , you love me ..
You never know what the future will hold. Just stay positive and never give up.
feel like going to sleep early tonight. night twitter ha
The less that we say & the more that we do talks volumes to our souls. as to what we think of ourselves and the lives that we lead.
Ogt scores tomorrow ... Wish me luck (:
Cypress St from Yanceyville to Dewey St will be closed from Wednesday @ 9 am - Thursday @ 4 pm for waterline rehab. Use alternative routes.
DID YOU FIND IT MY LOVE?!? ;D
Left work early for you to see what you have to say to me..hope this is worth it.
you think he never had a concussion? you think his knees didn't hurt? impossible.
WHERE RU
I'm impressed by how Brouwer's modernity combines with folk and dance idioms.
n00b notes on oil #painting #3. Hey, twitter doesn't hash-tag numbers in a list! Far out.
yes, soon. I think I shldve gone w the sheppard's pie like you instead of the chicken pot.
Life 2.0 Can happen virtually the moment you choose. Let Designs by DeYoung make it tangible.
He pulled out a flip phone when he tried to get my number...
I just made the most amazing mac and cheese I've ever eaten in my life and i made them myself.
This weekend they stumbled across a MAJOR MOTION PICTURE SET and apparently braced some poor AD when they saw it was a zombie movie.
EU k
my mom is still mad at me cause i said fuck church. i just don't want her to be mad at me anymore. blehh
“: Uh that's been on the front page of our site since early this morning.” sorry about that.
north tustin , lemon heights
Earl Klugh ticket giveaway today at 3pm at Facebook/BluesAlley
You changed I can't go back
at hotel cleaning up. C calling ur C
Thank you for following, I will and do follow back. Enjoy today because tomorrow isn't guaranteed.
i was just sayin
that is frustrating. I you get the cma done though and secure the business!!
Cats fed It's 28F out there in April. Strange.
Safe to say that money comes in from discovering ways to make money from cyberspace!
Sometimes I just wann go home.
"Writing is more difficult than making a really hard game." --Michael "Kayin" O'Reilly, creator of 'I Wanna Be The Guy'
Yeah <3 But I wonder if he will come to Chicago again :'/
Good day at the park w. my mom nephews and Jesus (: baseball, kickball, and volleyball & a fucked up knee . I love that guy.
entry-level and experienced drinkers alike can buy in to scores/points/medals. Seems to serve as a vote of confidence.
It does sound like bagpipe. I'm guessing that plus the #SacredHarp song are supposed to sound "Celtic?"
In case you are missing the #NFLDraft, the crowd is What-ing the Commish.
“Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four essential food groups: alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and fat.”
Live Jazz this evening at Braxton featuring The Rose Colella Trio from 4-7pm braxtonseafood.com
Why do they have a red-carpet at WH Correspondents' Dinner? And why are there no correspondents there?
New episode now avail on iTunes! We discuss NHL & NBA playoffs, NFL draft busts & sleepers, & AMC's The Killing epi 6 "What You Have Left"
The mayor nominated Ms. Anne M. Selee, Dr. Cathleen A. Gray, Ms. Velva R. T. Spriggs, Ms. Faith J. Bonner, and Ms. Michelle Y. Rose.
ill miss you!
I told you to miss it...I knew she wouldn't be there...:-)
“: As I suspected, Newt "moon base" Gingrich is an alien” his noggin has always reminded me of a "Grey".
insecure ?? Get it together u know better hoes gone be hoes
The last day of Dance Is The Answer! Special classes today at Elements Fitness and Wellness Center, Maryland Youth Ballet, & Dance Place.
yes always punk(;
“: new products coming soon: shrimp starter soft shell crab main ribeye main rhubarb dessert”
May have taken "want a little Irish in you?" too far. Just injected a leprechaun into my bloodstream to find the pot of gold in my liver.
I'm glad u have a sense of humor! LOL
not at the moment. The warmest thing we have is windbreakers.
What makes dance such a fun and invigorating activity? Rachel takes a lesson from an expert at Shan Yee Poon's Ballet School (8/7/10) @ 5:30
sheer brilliance.
Imma make mines look pretty in da morning...iDont feel like doing it rite now :P
I swear I'm way more exhausted for doing nothing @ work than for actually working
workin on a campaign for a golf resort
lol I wouldn't go that far
this is NOT thirst
Round of applause, baby, make dat ass clap. Drop it to the floor, make dat ass clap.
And MFA thesis I is Advanced. Story bootcamp for your book. You'll see. We have a great time.
We aren't through yet, just wait! Great ideas, thanks for checkin us out!
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen I'm about to hug someone insanely sexy and I hit my face on the mirror.
it's not funny 😭 so embarrassing omg
God is really shaking things up in my life. Forcing me to grow. To leap in faith. To be bolder. Faith everlasting.
We're in. But I can't dismiss what might happen when Gloria comes on screen.
no one told me the BreakingDawnPart1 trailer came out!! Mood: Shocked
We'd like to see an artist rendering!
Exited about the N Williams of this Monday!!!
accelerometer on my Samsung Vibrant locked up, so it was time for a mobile mind-wipe. #android is a little too much like MS Windows.
Watching Our Idiot Brother in bed with The Hub :) Hope everyone had a fun day today! XOXO
We about to purrnnnn
kogi truck spicy pork sliders + short rib taco = happiness. now if only momofuku had a w. coast truck...david chang?
Been sitting in Seattle 40mins waiting for my ride. Thankful for this Beer right now.
Fro already scored....going with
If Aquaphor was a drug I would definitely have been featured on Intervention by now.
That would be lovely. I think IPO then Mobile is the priority right now.
Four days left. Then I have I take a few finals. Then it's time for #summerbreak2012 👙😃🎉💙🎧🏊
link isn't working
Wait till you see how the no bells thing works out! Everyone just gets out of their class whenever
AND that grannie panties are not for public consumption.
I thought the video of pulling a blade, was both illuminating and distracting?!
Looking through this year's TT offerings in DH has made me realize how many different definitions of DH there are.
um just looked in2 da crowd. Bo Derek is like 8 rows back.
Much of the American coverage on #Egypt is disgusting. It's all about the Muslim Brotherhood. Proving their ingorance about this whole thing
get out this afternoon and support the Girls basketball in regional tournament play at Bellermine!
Megan and Liz are calling people, tweet them your numbers! :D
proud Packer fan :-)
"The priest will make an atonement for you, to cleanse you, that you may be clean from all your sins before the LORD."~Leviticus 16:30
The three great fundamentals to accomplish anything worth while are, first, hard work; 2nd, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen" .
My stomach hurt :(
Alien or human, you are a "brand." | #Hasbro has gaming, story, and feature in the branding wheel house. How's 'your' branding going..?
love the updates. no need to apologize :)
Can you follow back?:)
Not my best work but passable I think.
": School is lame -_-" I KNOW RIGHT! UGH.
yeah man, great deal!
ON DECK!
hello. I just wanna see your face! And I need help finding my shoes for prom!
iBooks seems to render PragProg books better than Kindle. For non-tech, Kindle starts up faster. Much faster.
Hey that was cool! ;o)
Something is not right with a world where James Van Der Beek is allowed to play a crazed pedophile.
Adam Lambert Named Top Ten Gay Musician #PHOTOS entertainment.gather.com/viewArticle.ac…
Your Moving! Come To CALIFORNIA! You Have Mahomies Here too[:
appreciate that!!
RT : We will be closing early tonight for Our Holiday Party at 5pm. So make sure to stop by before then.
Wait, what? You mean alien ships CAN'T be hacked with a macbook pro and a serial cable? what? What? WHAT?
So I'm thinkin bout skate bordin at 2 a.m #ace world
Free time, time to finally listen to DC2
Planning to tackle the personalization beast, however briefly. ( Drop, meet bucket.) Meet you at the room or...?
Welcome! That sounds like the perfect state for great ideas :)
#dh11 #alt-ac #altac Is that just relative stability, though? Nothing's stable, but compare stability of altac vs private sector?
by Rochester. You're welcome to some if you can get cross-state faster than I chew. =)
I know I Iive in spanish Harlem and everything but why is it that everyone stairs at the gay white boy? We poor Too!
Wow... STUNNING. & Definitely gonna see Katy Perry: Part of Me in 3D.
Irish breakfast at Plough and Stars. I am deliriously full. YUM.
Think I'll just start saying & doing dumb shit like everyone else,seems like the new trend
3 am is gonna come way too early! But so excited for a week in Austin, Texas! :)
LOL! I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY PERSON WHO FELT LIKE THT
Do not use your own marketing money to promote someone else's site.
Alum event on the Hill hearing about Thomas Jefferson with
No matter what I do it will never be good enough.
Allen brain institute looking to consolidate into new facility to house doubled staff, new research efforts
“: Love to see that our guysdoing work for the USMNT and glad the schedule this year should help by not losing them during MLS"
Rev. Ray Kemp is at 's One City Summit today-be the first to tweet photo proof, we'll send you a free book
you gonna be coming down here this fall bro?
WOW! via RT : DOC Explore: Un feuilleteur pour valoriser les documents patrimoniaux
when's NYC? Would love to come hang.
I have a question regarding traveling in MX with infant and car seats. Can you follow back so I can DM you? thx
yeah buddy xD
that drake drawing was brilliant
At first I thought you said "forts." That seems plausible, too!
gahhh I miss you more! One day I will
Jay’s doc was interesting bc it showed you interacting with others..even showing up first! Def not the cantankerous Reed.
at Sbux and my headphones just snapped in half. (I'm trying not to take it as a sign that I have a fat head.) #fml I hope I got the warranty
Buy 12 weeks and get 3 WEEKS FREE* Coupon Code : CE2012NYR12 (savings up to $630) Order by noon today for Monday delivery.
Do you sing?
It's possible I actually feel worse today than I did yesterday
Staring at code for the last few hours. Had no breakfast and I'm on my 4th cup of coffee. That's bad right?
When a team has 3 No.1 type WR's, they don't care what number we give them, they are all 1's lol
Anyone notice the "print" button disappearing from more and more news sites and blogs? I'm getting old.
I thought you knew him! He's a legend.
wtf i need to stop believing in people.
Hey there! I've been so slow on the twitter lately so I'm just getting this...
Today has been a sweatshirt and hair pulled back kind of day.
Can't wait for e.company's cd release party this Saturday at Blue Nile. Sharing the stage is Gravity A and Big Rock Candy Mountain. Oh Yeah!
It's a sick feeling when you want to trust someone but they continue to show you why you shouldn't and you know they are doing wrong.
Follow the finest promotion team i've ever seen :)
My attitude is loud, my demeanor is loud, and my watch is even louder.
Calvin Johnson is a
Anyone have good articles on the advantages of semantic technology for data integration that they'd recommend?
I guess I have changed.
I keep seeing on campus. We don't go to the same school.
Have you seen the latest #GRIMM? One of City Liquidator's properties was featured in it! Can you guess what scene it was?
say that again!
Link? Or are you saying that article should be written?
thanks man. Greatly appreciated. The album drops the 6th, stay tuned man and good luck
Merry Christmas to everyone
Go back and listen to Hello Nasty.
I love cute
Argggg! More hours have been cut at work. How annoying!
Going to the grandma's for the day my brother has a swim meet
“ Hip hop is numero uno, as it encompasses jazz, soul, rock, blues and other styles within it.”
Our happy hour seems to have extended...still goin on
You can push excellence down, try to cover it up, or try to ignore it. But no matter what you do to it, it always rises to the top.
**drooling** YUMMY!!!
What are you doing tonight? Going to the IUSUW meeting? That's right! 6:30 in BH233!! See you there!!
I'm not even lying... I kind of want to try the Doritos taco from taco bell. 🚽
Changing the way I think has made my dreams come true, and it can do the same for you.
In the words of the great prophet Kim Mitchell: Might as well go for a soda. Nobody hurts and nobody cries.
omg Austin's new song... asdfghjkl
Storm's coming for the weekend. How will it impact your plans? has the forecast on 7News at 5:30.
of Faith...looking forward to an awesome evening
Rainy Friday morning don't make getting out of bed especially motivating. Permission to stay in bed, please?
Thank You!!!
I followed you b/c of !
its your birthday? I didnt know this and i now feel bad :( But happy birthday! :D
you better bring yo as afterwards ya heard me ya hurd meh
Houston! what about you?
Aww so cute! :)
hasn't been a good game in over a century why start now.
And we are following you back. :) Thanks!
You will reply to the other girls, why should I be exempt? :( .
We'll have power strips in all the meeting sessions at #lma12 tomorrow. Woot to
Rebecca Black is never wrong. It is a profound riddle: Which is front and which is back, trust or doubt?
But seriously. Come help me pack.
#WolfAccents about to kill it tonight
You guys listen to too much rap. Its all about rock and heavy metal.
i wish Would Follow Me!
Marry me Mat Kearney
SHOUT OUT TO MY QUEENS OF MEDIA! luv u all madly!
i don't like tweeting/texting/writing capital letters unless necessary
Commissioner Scott: We need to teach the curriculum, not the test. I see the system teetering on testing side.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME YOUR SO AMAZING AND IT WOULD MAKE MY WORLD IF YOU DID SO PROUD OF U AND WILL ALWAYS SUPPORT U FOLLOW ME <3333
Yeah been reading a bunch about their new updates. Haven't worked with it since its release after struggling with a test project.
hells yea man. Fresh new track tomorrow.
We're looking into it has done Mets games in the past-- maybe they would do one again this summer!
Eating a waffle :P
Unbelief is a spirit designed to stop the flow of God's power in your life. Be a Believer
spring break!! going to the beach! :)
Digging being back in conference mode ... with fine food and good people to sweeten the deal.
There is in true beauty, as in courage, somewhat which narrow souls cannot dare to admire. -William Congreve
True story—my parents met at Tiogue Dairy Queen.
Indeed!! Thanks for sharing.
cant wait to see you tmrw!!! (((:
I'm playing solo tonight at downtown Disney in Orlando
The Monstars have left D-Wade's body
Thanks for following us guys! Much appreciated :) - Jared
have a safe and exciting time welcoming the new year! goodbye '09... hello '10!!
Coach Avery Johnson did a great job speaking to the students at Iroquois today. First Class !
The most decisive actions of our lives are often unconsidered actions.
I need more followers come on and show some love
Football is America.
they have been my team since I was 3 and I'm 11 now!
Wearing purple for #epilepsyawareness today. I've been epileptic since I was nine years old, and lucky enough that I can manage my condition
but why u so sexy doh?
thank you!
I remember when Desperate Housewives was supposed to be a murder mystery show.
haha great.i thought mysterio had a great mask.
“: Thumbs up on the Best Buy commercial #brandbowl” Agreed.
#IAlwaysWonderIf you think of me as much as I think of u
Just saw the score in the Lakers game... Not expecting much out of this series, but - ouch
1 hour and counting.....AC guy supposed to be pulling into my driveway.
Well fuuuccck I should reschedule my trip to Alaska then too haha.
Swifties Belong With Taylor
hi! I'm blogging for Entrepreneur Mag & would love to get a quick photo of you guys today. Do you have a sec to meet up?
Fuck you, Glee
And using jme with Kaltura to make videos that play gracefully from #moodle on ipad as well as Chrome, IE, Firefox frm Katura CDN
Alicia just said could care less when it should be couldn't care less. Oops!
RESTAURANT WEEK STARTS TODAY! Mon, Sept 13th -Sun, Sept 19th! 3 course menu 4 $25, at all Atlanta locations
not sure - not my kitteh :-/
Dang! Rangers, you're doin GREAT. woo
I love the 1930s of the 1970s.
We need to hang out soon.!(:
Service was great, as usual... & its helpin me get closer 2 him :o)
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
This blows :/
my text was April fools by the way...I hope you knew that....
it should be! Many changes ahead for them!
now has Refill by Scan, where your smart phone scans a barcode and sends the refill notice to the pharmacy. Smart!
Cool! DM me size and addy and I'll get something in the mail for you.
ALL the Senators Who Voted Against the "Violence Against Women Act" Were Republican Men.
u already know
Ha, yeah, all great ones. \m/
thank you
whats up lady
you don't work till 1? That means we close together!!! :D
We too are global, independent & musical! Hope u have a chance 2 check out & dig you some Secret Skwirl. Best & success!
At Nicks getting something to eat.
Trailer coming?
Please Follow Back Its My All Time Wish Other Than Meeting You Of Coures!(:
It's not too late; you can still get 50 cent beer tonight until close!
Ha! I know you're soaking it up in Florida, but you're missing some gorgeous weather up here!
I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she's 31!
Hmm, I always loved my old non smart-Samsung before - I even washed it once and it lived. We'll see if VZW will let me switch...
Seriously don't want to be doing this right now..😒
We love all our 399 followers but we're dying to know who number 400 is going to be! There may be a prize involved.
Bout to get my goal keeper on, playing the #1 undefeated team, and I'm smelling a victory!!!
My teeth hurt. Is that a bad thing?
Ah morning Twitterville! Lets make this the best Monday of the month.
thx for noticing, ... we thought it was important.
I wonder if that'd be my superpower...100% original.
Really? PreQualifying?? :) RT : Ladies. Retweet if you are attending ladies night with me and our staff on June 2
Actors:You never know whats being done for you behind the scenes. Try not to get frustrated when the phone doesn't ring. Hang in there
lucky! Got to watch your show today. Est
i love big black clocks.
I haven't actually made the smoothies, but I know at least one person whose freezer is always loaded with nanas.
Great review! Well written. I saw that with the mic stand too...great insights
Pinky promises are LEGIT. You NEVER break a pinky promise.
I always get the words "carnal" and "carnage" mixed up. I guess it's easy to do. They both mean the same thing. "You're fucked.".
Please don't judge me till you have walked a mile in my shoes...
Issue No. 6 now on sale at these fine retailers: Alexander Book Co, Mo'z Cafe, Fog City, Arkipelago Philippine Books and Fog City News.
i follow ur other account and today is my brithday!
It was legendary, and we were there! Oh great, I'm gonna cry again
ily too baby ;)
Note Hillary Rosen's appearance! Not much has changed.
I know. Our D #ballsohard is playing LIGHTS OUT!!! Can't wait to see who shows tomorrow. Feeling confident. You???
I love HBO 2 Go.. I can watch HBO anywhere anytime!
Wow. Really? RT Noon rally today (May 15), West steps of Capitol in support of Colorado families and against civil unions.
A: "No, personalized interactions are still the minority (people don't expect it). We can always do better"
Success only happens after failed attempts...
hm... think I'll settle for one day of Austin City Limits... me and music festivals don't really mix
Ready to do the clerics bench dance #CelticsNationBitch 🍀💚🍀💚🍀
Can you share a link with the class?
hahah I'm screwed
#milwaukee beautiful day today!! Want an a fillinger inc hoodie or t-shirt? Tweet at us a request!
That's for sure !!!
Virginia will host the 2011 Championship Game this Fri. against the two-time defending champion Locos at 5pm PDT, as league shortens season.
Holly is okay, nothing wrong with her shoulder. #sohappy :)
We're only teenagers. We go to school. That's easy. And maybe sports or clubs? YOU DON'T NEED COFFEE. YOU NEED SLEEP.
tweet-to-goal timing not as good, still worked.
Stop by my office a few minutes before. No dress code.
for the share
Since I wasn't here on Firday, let's do some
a hindi a cappella group should do a mashup of "uh-oh uh-oh" from mujhse fraandship karoge and "stuck like glue"
We support Hollywood businesses
just got the syllabus for next week btw. I am pretty excited after reading it over :)
nice post. I've had to load storage drivers so many times over the years just like described
Next session chasing greatness and this is what each of us must do in the game of life as we chase our dreams
Web Tool Smackdown about to begin via got to say these are great free webinars and am glad I joined the TLC
I know I'm goofy & hyper & sometimes annoying & rude & always sarcastic & even immature, but it didn't hurt until it came from you.
Absolutely helps our chances! Get ready for a flurry of offense by Nashville
Lisa and I just had pictures made with Chinese delegates are over 700 of them in attendance--young and dynamic group!
ya maybe. I don't think it is a thumb issue anymore. Just really bad at-bats
I already have mine :) RT: : There's only one month until Red Dot. Call 227.6960 to purchase tickets.
LOVED how the Roots played the All That theme when Nick Cannon came out. Aw!
time flies like an airplane, fruit flies like bananas lol :]
Better watch out now...
i am excited for the future however.
You bet.
- you riding today? I have all intentions but feeling lasts night's festivities and martinis. ;-)
“ A loving woman, deserves a loyal man... 🔐”
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally
THEY GONNA PERFORM GTB AND MRS. RIGHT!
its a numb feelin as soon as ur heart gets shattered 2 pieces, it dnt hit u until u have time 2 let it, LOVE is a powerful creation :(
Nick just turned 5 this month, and we've got our first instance of him being bullied (at pre-K). Advice?
Come in this afternoon and pick up a tasty treat, B.O.G.O. 1/2 off on all edibles for you to eat. ;)
dope...still recoverin
The on-going mystery can finally come to a stop. For it is I who took the cookies from the cookie jar.
1.5 million NPOs have a combined revenue of 700 billion and 2 trillion in assets. That's a lot of resources to tackle the world's problems!
CTA Rucker: There are already specific safeguards in the education code to immediately remove teachers accused of these types of offenses.
go follow and I'll love you forever
way better with the phone interview than the TV interview
My brain is telling me to run... My couch is telling me to stay.
Finish this Irish!
read the blank written
was good
Gotta get me an SUV. MY BIG BODY IS WAY TO BIG for this compact small body Hyundai.
thx for the RT hope to see ya at an event soon!
Lol all these tweets giving my computer a spam ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Just finished another chapter! I'm one chapter away from completing Draft 3 in its entirety.
New Caprica was a total bummer, man.
Trying to get used to Twitter I'm a fb fan!
Well Deserved RT : Tim Tebow is being allowed to pick the team he wants to go to. He picks the trade. Jets or Jacksonville.
“#Titans GM Webster: "I thought he looked comfortable & we had a good visit.This is another important step in the process.”WTF copied Elway!
I WILL BRING U ONE
NBS swing trade goal of .50 broke resistance at .39
Watching live streaming performances on Waterwheel from Tunisia, Australia, Spain, and US at CNSI at UCLA
I didn't even know she was in the closet.!!
i have - fuck off
I didn't see you said that. Think we will move back into first round?
Oh gosh, am I gonna see Jesus weiner?
I know I saw :)
Oh man, that's how it always goes. At least you have the 51s to keep you warm.
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW<3 i love your music! you should also checkout ! xoxo have a fantastic evening(:
New CandySwipe game comment in the android market "Candy Swipe sticky fingers Fun to play!!" by Darlene
I have decided that we aren't that creepy with tha gang. at least we don't do fan fiction...
ok. And idk hold up.
Every now& then I look around at my friends& I realize: "If these AMAZING ppl like me, I must be pretty ok myself"
FUCK SLEEP ITS SUMMER! !!!!
What am i supossed to do when the best part of me was always you.
I use to use MEL but decided to make a play on my first name & middle name theeir my initials
Totally, it's the opposite end of the spectrum!
not quite Harvey Dent in the Dark Knight but it should get the job done
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 7
Anyone who isnt doing the Cleveland 1/2 should at least do the Komen for the Cure 5k in Cbus this weekend! Wish I could!
:Have either of U used #spicy peanut sauce, instead of tomato-based sauce, for #pizza?
What is The Avengers and why is everyone talking about it?
Looking for the best YA book blogs to follow. Suggestions?
you tweeted this who would see it that doesnt have a twitter? lmao
Where My Ian At ?
Junk is a large, round tupperware container, just isn't as catchy.
Thanks for RT of LAW info, the organizers are having trouble reaching their normal audience through listserves
Only cool cats dance while rollerblading
all day girl! Let's get it!
The role of procurement in the b2b process can change the picture entirely.
k, screw it.
This to shall pass!
Data.gov... now has 167 THOUSAND data sets available??
I'm expecting Demi Lovato's video for "Give Your Heart a Break" to be very experimental.
Who Has a Privately owned business building in #KansasCity or Kansas If so contact me
#arentyoutiredof 100 degree weather & no ac. ?
my best guy friend decided he didnt want to be friends anymore out of nowhere and it's created a huge mess
Happy labor day! Laboring at work... At least weather forecast is low to mid 90s this week!
OK, I'm going to shut up now and go back to cutting and pasting some words.
CU on Sunday as I share a word @ Hank Stewart"s White Linen Sunday with music by CantonJones. The celebration will be @ the Sheraton Atlanta
We should write a Twitter story today. Tweet something, tweet @ who you want to continue the story, #whathappensnext, see how long it lasts
congrats on the condo #IndependentWomanTweet gettem girl
DO THE DANCE DARE RICKY!!!!! :D
A relationship with God is the most important relationship you can have. Trust him and everything will always turn out fine.
I couldn't make it through. Executive summary as to what it is and why anyone should care would help.
Specializing in the identification of secretaries, technology, word processing, support staff and legal administrative staff.
fuck them... Don't stop tweeting
your messing with my head, boy thats what you do best. saying theres nothing you wont do to get me to say yes. x
xoxo and always use protections xo
seriously? Government funding for criminals? :-/
Who has better cameras? MSG or ESPN?
thanks Ray! Hope all is well with you.
Really!?!? Let me know, would love to see you :-) You're always welcome at my place!
yeah. Can't wait to celebrate witcha!!!
RT Sounds like someone's a bit too excited ab the : Multiple reports of streaker in JD Williams Library
is free a good enough promotion?
Feelin the same way!
Worst idea ever: researching food blogs while fasting for 36 hours to prepare for a medical procedure.
laughing at you
or at least a beer allowance ;-p
Well done Latics! Two huge wins in the space of a week.
multimedia authoring practice: authoring, layers, compression, editing, audience
#Redsox piecing it together with #Melanson and
I think your picture is the most awesome thing I've ever seen. I too want to be a ninja warrior diva :)
Team Fliqz getting ready for the move to the new digs... moving boxes, scotch tape, and labels galore!!
"you take me all directions" ah but now i see it
The hardest thing I've ever had to do is letting go.
Congrats to the Baltimore Orioles on 2 consecutive victories … the last time they won 2 straight games in July, Juan Samuel was manager ...
Txt anyone im not busy at the moment. Msg me forr # & lets play Draw Something AnthonyScum713
Sign on funky used car lot: "Pre-loved Autos"
Texas: #Centennial is closing seven stores in Dallas, Fort Worth and Hebron. Via Dallas Morning News
Wave goodbye to the past, there's a whole life to lead
Good Morning Joey!
yes sir!
You're welcome. =D We're happy too.
burning Cd's for the car ride to go see tomorrow. Can't wait.
Nails..... Or Homework....... Yea definitely going for food instead
Haha, what did you put?
nvm booked all day friday from like 8am ugh...will let u know thought lol u can just sleep in and stay with lexi while im out
u been sayin u didn't get my calls for the last few days let me find out🙅🔥
StoryCorps, have not heard of it, will need to check this website out.
Watching the cooking channel. Virtually ate a lot of food I could not make
Were it not for hope the heart would break. -Scottish Proverb
I just want summer at this point.
Why they blastin music at 2am
Thanks! What are the soc media habits there? I'd like to see how much she knows and if it matches w/ what others say :)
Had conference call with Image last week. Should hopefully have something official to say soon.
I've grown to realize the joy that comes from little victories is preferable to the fun that comes from ease and the pursuit of pleasure. LB
Wonder how many 'modern' films would be equally as powerful without 'talking'.
Thanks for your continued support of RIF!
I hope this luck keeps up all weekend! Grats on getting rid of Grampa's car.
Just for the record, Verizon cant hold a candle to Comcast. They are slow and want to do everyting by machine VERIZON SUCKS!
CANTOR GAMING AND PALMS CASINO RESORT ANNOUNCE ...
Woke up this morning with some eye disease.
it's not titled yet. Baba has been to busy to go do it so I can't insure it and start riding lol
in Atlanta Georgia,at a hotel
Hi. I love you. Too bad i dont exist too you:( I <3 "Delanie"
He/she is/will always be an "average" student. (What does that even mean???!!)
BIZARRE...RT : With #Bieber, #50cent and #TripleH in your corner!! How can you lose lol
hey, how you been doing?
Where are y'all throwing' back 'ritas today for Cinco de Mayo?!
Good morning
Thanks!! Should be a good time :)
who is this 76er fan now court side in Boston? Floor seats at home, in CHI, now Boston.
What are you doing for MLK day? Taking the day off to get some fresh air?
I got you baby!
hello! Thanks for following. I visiting Quezon years ago. It was a great experience.
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly when I pull up lean your seat all the way back
My mind works like lightning. One brilliant flash and it is gone.
Tomorrow 12pm to 5pm will be for another foodie gift basket building event. There's a sparkling wine tasting. Be ther
why u aint say wats up?
thank you very much for the follow.
But his real point is about the Young Bucks. Those punks are going to learn a lesson when they face off with the Ants again.
RT : Did I already say: God reminded me of His faithfulness today.
I should really be asleep.
guitar and thinking bout stuff
I love my Mom
He who does not live life to it's fullest can never know the true meaning of life ...
Follow me back bro im Shae G from
Can't they send 1st and 2nd year players down to the NBDL now? They're not going to send guys down that can contribute.
Life is short but there is always time for courtesy. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Ladies stop wearing them pajama pants and them dirty uggs!! Especially if your in your 30a
It will get easier. On my 4th!! Love em
jawbone up sold out before i could get it and so did the nike fuel band right now.
You gave up on me, you gave up on "US"....
I miss talking to you!
Congrats to Ruidoso for 1st place PR for Swallow Fire communication.
cope/kōp/ V: Deal effectively with something difficult; Cover joint/structure with a coping. N: A long, loose cloak.
You too!(: ": hope you have a wonderful day!(:"
3 free throws for Let's break this open
Husband reading the Yahoo headlines outloud. He reads: "Could you be addicted to excersise?" Our answer in unison: "Nope"
Does anyone know how to #block someone on #LinkedIn ?
Just got a 5 minute Skype call that made my night 😘😍💋📲
Dear Temple Run, I chose to turn. Not to jump. Sincerely, Pissed Off
Lunch with Jakob and one of my best friends today! Can't wait. I am so excited.
That awkward moment when a guy takes more time to fix his hair than a girl does
Currently listening to Daydream Believer. So sad, isn't it?
Heard was there & if she's hanging w/Ron, she MUST be sassy. ;-) No worries, I'll make him do another one!
Wait. SRI... Tf for. We're Seniors.. Pointless.
Watching Pens with
C'mon people!!! Let's get verified!!! pwease :)
RT BREAKING FROM ABC NEWS: "Buffering..."
fremont thunder not good - true that.
I heard :( Suckage. Guys like Crawford, who aren't totally young and depend on their legs scare me. They never age well.
I honestly adore how your twitter is dedicated to "Bieber's Legs" . Too bad they didnt use that part in the video huh? lol
I feel bad for the doctor who's about to examine this horrendous poison ivy reaction I've had. I'm like the elephant man, only itchier.
Three new adult industry top level domains to be released: Are you protecting your brand from cybersquatters?
My co-worker just walked in with a full mouth, smiled and said: "This is the last place I thought I'd find Jewish cookies."
Don't be annoying RT : How do I become cool? help me! Lmao
Dick Clark hologram tour featuring Ryan Seacrest and Mark Summers.
S/O to You did good boo :)
": People on instagram need to stfu and stop acting like its fuckin facebook." Lol i agree
do you think Rex Ryan experiences pain every time Woodhead scores? He's too good to "play like a jet." ha.
Boom. RT : Emery says Hardin will play safety with Bears and is medically sound now
RT : #teamnokids that why I go so hard
CTFU... THATS MY ONLY WAY TO MAKE IT THRU MY DAYS LLS
I have an ache with regard to my head (as the greeks would say)
Shooting at the walls of heartache (bang, bang) - I am The Warrior.
I'll change that stability if you keep fucking getting on my nerves 😡
Gonna sleep in my own room for the first time in like weeks. Ha.
nothinnn watching the hannah montana movie haha im such a loser
Have a Huge Wedgie E-mail me with any advice on how I can avoid wedgies? or text me 954-608-9103
I was without any type of electronics for 45 minutes cause the power went out and my phone died. So I read some of my old stories lol
OMG -- that outfit was terrible!
Smile more than you cry, give more than you take & love more than you hate.
Agree, hilarious!
You cannot honestly be calling this game fixed. Refs have blown hard on both sides tonight.
It cant. For my own sanity it cannot happen.
Where's this free food on campus today?
Eating pineapples with paper chopsticks.
Taking the kiddies for a Sunday morning hot cocoa ::the good life::
sandwich cost $11 down Fanuel Hall I'm pissed.
Hi Newt, would you please help to get rid of the electoral college? Outdated. Please help us make sure EVERY vote counts! TY!
Is it too early to start planning my wardrobe for #ALA12??
X games ski super pipe
Or maybe just cereal lol
the ice is tilting back the other way again, come on boys skate it out.
Good for you! After a Minnesota winter, Arizona will be a welcome escape. As for me, I'm thinking about a summer getaway.
have a safe flight. Guess you're going out of JFK since you didn't holla lol!!!!
don't straight face me foo
Used to live by the Ale House. The buffalo chicken dip is to die for.
2,000 miles away. I'm counting down the minutes, seconds, hours, every single day... #Idon'twanttofeellikethis
happy birthday babe! ^_^
It was good meeting you at Hacker Dojo. Hope you've had a chance to check out Readability (lab.arc90.com/experiments/readability/)
That's some nice team reporting there. Did your partner get a byline on the story?
IIFC you're a So.Fl native? Bittersweet journey. Keep us posted, ok?
I'll be home saturday night before easter then i have monday off but i'm going back to school monday night, so not long hbu?!
i wouldnt mind it if i didnt have to work in it!
It's true: the Rolls goes from 0 - ascot in 5.4 seconds.
great, hope u enjoy. I'll enjoy my .
It's a refreshing change... now if can just keep my eyes open!! ;-) RT : Hope you are having fun in the...
Treat a person you really care about like shit
Maybe if you payed more attention and showed more intress you would see what Im trying to tell you
Bye everyone! Thanks for all of the awesome feedback and suggestions on the finest of Chicago nightclubs!
of course! Have a great weekend! :) xo
“: Band name: Gays in the Military." First hit: Ask and Tell
Thanks to all who have come to our event on Edelman's Trust Barometer tonight. With the weather and traffic, we appreciate it.
Me & Aaliyah about to have to much fun I'm about to take a nap so I can be up all night w/ them :)
forget it babyy
I must agree you're just like me.
That sad moment when answers the group chat before my iMessage
Check out AU Discover the World of Communication at audiscover.org!
THANK YOU.
thank you!
I'm outta my fuckin mind
I want to see my 76er's and the Nuggets in the NBA Finals! That'll be one hell of a matchup!
Gymnastics meets are officially over for the YEAR! (well till December technically) Time 2 get n cruise control & summer mode! Braves games!
Today is a great day love life to the fullest and love the person you love and be loved
FREE 3 Room Carpet Cleaning w/ Any Air Duct Cleaning Service Purchased
HAH! Was just explaining to my 9 y/o that "We are the Champions" came along way before the movie "Chicken Little"
there is no explanation as to why this isn't working. No brand following required, should be simple check-in/shout
performing at Cal State Fullerton tonight at 7:30pm. Open to public and free! Titan Theatre, 800 N. State College Blvd., Fullerton, CA,
Is it Friday yet? I'm ready to mingle.
No more worries
I need some sopranos to sang that 4 me!! From toppa my head From toppa my head From toppa my head Alto Soula my feet!!
God is good!
hiya! i had a few minutes to drop in before my live show tonight. how are you today? having a good week? tgif...almost!
I'm turning into one of those people who are fond of cats.
st. pattys day got the best of me.
Johan Galtung has arrived! He's going to be chatting with a few Envision folks about the future of our museum first.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!!!:DiLuv you all^___^
