Our first speaker just took to the mic at #RODVegas Rich Worthington, Pres. and CEO of the Molasky Group of Companies
Seattle take 2 of 3 against best team in baseball in front of big, noisy home crowds. Mariners renaissance is officially underway.
hehe good! :') yeah i know..i think hes gettin confused with his bio and tweets..
~she looked like a damn fool she needs to stop it! voice lol
as Vince Lombardi would say: “We didn’t lose the game; we just ran out of time.”
I LOVE YOU BEBEEEE :D <3
I thought about making a guitar strap with a built in bottle opener. What do you think about that?
If someone in this world, Heat fan or not, thinks the officiating isn't Miami favorable, you are in need of desperate help. 1-800-LBJ-QUITS.
sharing emarketing tips!
Nothing really amazing has happened tonight but it has been ok lol. What have you thought about RAW so far?
I'm about to get dressed then here i come
OK, so we're only down 6...were lucky to be down 6, but only down 6.
That pretty much describes how I look. If I weren't at Miller Park, I'd be on Mt. Olympus
I have played once, but look forward to trying again for our 2 months of Seattle summer :)
How many of you hate Facebooks incompetent CEO and his senior management? I cannot stand his Board of Directors either
What kind of world do we live in where someone would steal another man's battle ostrich?
just a couple of hours left unti I start spinning at BRINK ORLANDO! Head out tonight and hear some awesome beats!...
Claro que si! The pleasure is all mine :)
I literally just was gonna tweet tge same thing
Your tongue is the only muscle in your body that is attached at only one end.
Hey hope ur day is goin great! Don't forget to send me that info we talked bout ystrdy
Don't saw the branch you're sitting on.
someone please get justin bieber to follow me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is it me or is the day passing by real slow? O.o
Yup! #graduation RT : And we're done!!!!!! That ceremony flew by. As did my battery.
I'm Feeling Freaky Tonight lmao
"You can't start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one"
Doing things for shits and giggles with the boyfriend > Haha :*
Scared as hell for tomorrow...
Whoo, down town San Diego at Searsucker for dinner. BTW I have the best sever in the world, Lexi (my princess)
We love more than Lexingtonian's love to burn couches! Follow that girl!
My cat needs a snoreless pillow!
9 days till come to chicago!! Going to see it with this is gonna be the best day ever <3
7 Charged in Chicago Mortgage Fraud Scheme - MyFox Chicago
one more week of this semester!
Ooh. Going on the list.
thanks for leaving without saying goodbye by the way...such a tease
Going to bed. Good night!
It's National Teacher Appreciation Week. Does that apply to #college professors as well?
That's how all my friday nights are... and Saturday, and every day.
its not looking good for denver right now... Open shots aren't falling
Glad you found it to be a good read. Will be posting a follow up w a TCM perspective next week.
PSA: Dear Milwaukee men
That's a distinct possibility
car shopping online. buying another car this week! :/ this is stressful.
I hope is ready for his Pacers to experience an arse kickin by and the Heat!
N beaver dam,softball tourny
Don't wait for someone else to make your life terrific, that's your responsibility.
I didn't get an e-mail...can you try again?
I'm not dead.. I'm just in the process of buying a house.
I feel like, you're here to support your idol instead of getting followers. But if you have 0 followers, I can see why you'd want some. Haha
Nice, I wish I did that but I didn't have a 4th and I gave up my 3rd to move up and get Kuechly
hahaha toy phones? It'll look good on you ;p
if brittney griner make that money in the wnba i would smash.
You know it was funny : Loser lol RT : I crack myself up.!!
The Man Who Mistook His Wife For Another Woman Who Looked Very Similar From a Distance
please follow me....
What the fuck? Theres a NEW Romeo and Juliet movie coming out? Nothing can top The Leonardo Dicaprio version...
Thanks for the RT!
#OneThingYouShouldntDo Fall in love. Ever.
Lmfao I love it!
no its really easy. Between CT ave and Rock Creek Pkwy, I never have problems getting to VA or the beltway.
Who was it?! RT : OH HOLY CRAP. Just learned Gossip Girl was "revealed" on last night's episode. Am two weeks behind....
Now that's morning sickness! RR : Just dreamt I was throwing up...really unpleasant way to wake up...nervous stomach now
I hope you have a fast recovery and feel better soon
love it!
heyy im fred that movie was funny!
thanks! i had a dream about the real housewives of beverly hills last night. i think i was hanging out with kyle and adrienne.
hm... cool, can you show an example?
Mills groupie coupons blast to 95% price cut they're giving away the farm
Ha! Good point all around, PG. The Big Guys have missed the boat.
eating a yummy apple :)
Everyone in #nyc should check out and their #nyc app. It's awesome!! It has everything including empire state building colors!
a little over 2 years, 30lbs, and many awkward tan lines.
the concrete slab is down!!!
Houston friends, come watch the derby! You have half an hour to post!
Thank You Anna
Just went apartment hunting, now trying to convince the hubs to spend the extra money :)
Great day in Israel with the Jewish Federation of Greater DC - Absorption Center, school, networking with entrepreneurs & more -
lol..don't hate the player hate the game..
bold RT: For April Fool's I pulled out a checkbook at the grocery store really slowly the ppl behind in line were like No no way
A brand can attempt to stand for a lot of things...but the customer's experience trumps the company's marketing.
I like the way you think “: Thanks to the storm the power is out -Nothing else to do but open up a bottle under candlelight.”
I feel you!! But a male friend of course
Happening now! Coventry Jones performing a collection of original songs !
Waking up to a "Barbie! Bella Ballerina !" Commercial ...
I'll try that.. thanks
Idk how i feel about it, but right now......iM listening to Bun B and Z-Ro II Trill before i molest my pillowcase...EPPNU TGFD people. Night
oh no, i'm gaining weight :o
check me out on facebook group "kingoffitteds"
Drita be bustin on the low #MobWives she got bars
Where were you all? Taladega? RT : Keeping the good times going at Healthy Food, Good Wine
I'm trying to look as manly as possible in a Bebe store. It's really hard.
I'm sure. Judging by Twitter, it's nice to see that and all the 9 people seemingly were taking it in strides.
Forever fucking everything up that's good in my life.
I predict you'll be all in the middle of it with me & It'll be a short WAIT to see what's cooking
well there you have it.. Redfixfive is live on facebook!!
Great day to LIKE The T-Shirt Exchange on Facebook. Give it a shot: www.facebook.com/TheTshirtExchange. Free swag to #140!
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
If I can figure out how to put a picture on twitter (just need to read the directions), I will post them! So excited!!!
Omw to Nashville!! I'm so ready to do this thing!!
Post your pics of you packing our branded boxes! We're still giving away cool stuff and discounts!!!
Tomorrow is 4/20! Seriously guys!
The Lorax is the number one movie in the US. Tree huggers FTW.
How about an intensNATTY class for yours??
*fuck it* detour to mall.....
Monday Crisis... Slightly averted.
A single conversation with a wise man is worth a month's study of books. -Chinese Proverb
Went to the bathroom to actually go to the bathroom & i come out and of course James thinks I was jerkin it.... No I wasn't. Just FYI
Ahh Hump Day!!! 2 more days well actually, I'm working Komen, Race for a cure so Gotta work 2 jobs Friday & Saturday too.
Thanks for the follow! Great sight, LOVE analytics
perfect! Lol :) that's my birthday week! :)
Raging Waters & Universal's Studios season passes >>>
you calling them out is the funniest thing ever.
There goes the no hitter.
You can't hangout with her because she has a vagina
9/11 Husband Urges No Death Penalty for KSM The husband of a 9/11 victim who was among the handful of relatives at Guantanamo Bay for the
RT“: The GOSPEL is an annoucement not an argument. You share it, not shove it.”//Exactly
First day of work!!
Identity management in the #cloud emerges as hot-button issue for CIOs via
haha, I just got them on yesterday!
I need the Olympics to start soon because I'm seeing way too much hockey, softball, and baseball on TV at the gym. Vom
oh whatever! how does it feel knowing navy whooped your ass last night? ;)
Kohl: Results business we're in, should still be playing, so we're not happy. With coach, staff, players, a lot to be excited about
works for me. enjoy your weekend, sir.
yo that green dress tho..........LOOKING VERY TEMPTING,
Come party with Dj Dru Monday nights for Karaoke Dance party! Over 17,000 Karaoke Songs to choose from Drink Specials: 3 dollar Drafts 3
I'M SORRY KIRK WAH. I had to be at a very hip show in bushwk. Next round on me ok
RIP Donna Summer.
Listening to Mistletoe in May with #RealBelieberStatus right there.
Happy birthday
Woke up with so much gratitude for all the good people that have helped me get this far in my career! I will pay it forward :)
i was in high school
Great first panel - As an American I'm getting loads of information ! Looking fwd to tonight!!!
RT : Mayor Soglin and WEDC prez Paul Jadin tour infill developments in Madison. Great to see public leaders focused on JOBS.
Money makes the world go round but there are still some things that money can never buy.
Austin's curly hair turns me on.
#FailWhale for regular twitter is annoying, but #FailWhale for will kill their business model.
RIP "Disco Queen" Donna Summer
i dont want to write a paper..
Is it bad that i really don't care if gay people can get married ? Cuz i really don't care ...
I want to say that is fucking amazing and we can both rock a tie. Go rape the fuck out of the follow button.
The Boy s are better than this. Need to pick it up. They will.
I'm up early due to someone calling me. Thanks now i can't fall back to sleep.
Anyone at interested in writing a 250 word post based on the prompt, what did you learn today? Need a writer for tonight!
Going to school...! I'll comeback later.
Great report this morning. We all agreed you are a 10/10 on the hotness scale. Keep up the good work.
Has anyone received their reward for being above average yet?
Twitter needs a URatchetAssBitch
How many times are we gonna have this argument? step off & grow up bitch
Good morning! Having our coffee before coffee - likemind is today! See you at , Adams & Dearborn in the Loop - look for the sign!
If nothing ever sticks to TEFLON, how do they make TEFLON stick to the pan?
Ahem. THAT WAS THE WORST TRADE IN REDS HISTORY WE'D HAVE A WORLD SERIES BY NOW WITH HAMILTON! #FireDusty!
: Leaders don't do what they WANT to do;they do whatever is necessary.”
Recommended Boston band: And if Quincy is close enough:
don't. Barron is a box sfty that struggles in coverage. Rather have Brockers.
My stomach is gurgly, gurgly! I have no excuse, I knowingly ate Johnny Carnival's at 2am. I can't blame alcohol either.
"Rachel 'Release Inside' Nichols" - softly spoken words from the one and only
nail polish colors?
Why would Trojans make condoms that make you feel like your genitals are on fire? Men: if you use them, PLEASE tell the girl beforehand!!
The mean ones have no clue what they are talking about. The Closer is absolutely brilliant. I'll be sad when it's over!
"God works on an if...then basis. Every promise is contingent on your OBEDIENCE!" -Pastor Grant-Ross
Why am I not surprised that almost every negative Black Friday experience occurred at a Wal-Mart
#fridayreads Bury Your Dead by Louise Penny. <3 Chief Inspector Gamache. I'm also reading Edible Landscaping by Rosalind Creasy
hahaha I wonder the same thing everyday.
Rest in beats Adam Yauch.
2 new DW / BI contracts and jobs in Austin and LA >> check our site for details www.spyglassstaffing.com Off for a weekend 16 yr old party!
So tired. My brain feels like jell-o.
+ being able to follow other users, simply powered by RSS.
Which floor
oh my god, i think i like bike racing
Thanks for sharing the deals
break up w/ me over we smoking!? girl bye move around.
Thnk u, its really a joy 2 me 2 know he's so missed..I miss him even more, thnks for the kind words..be blessed today!
thanks. Cool stuff, huh?
#claleadercast is very powerful. is an inspirational leader.
How has my field season come down to only 11 more days of work so quickly?
What we need back home in Ohio: limited government, better schools, more jobs -- a #NewDay. To get back to these basics, we need
were you at the game?
Wow... Just wow
This is pretty ideal
Hangin' in the village is tons of fun.
Good morning every one
i think ur such an amazing singer!! keep it up:)
very lazy
With 4,298,091,700 Toots every single day in the USA alone... We've got a Job To Do. Please do your part. Thanks.
The is really hurting my ability to stay on task today.
what y'all doing on yalls bus ride
Go follow me (: -majd
Reading the book BornToRun & watching the NYC marathon yesterday has totally revived my runner spirit! Central Park here I come
RT "When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.” -Viktor Frankl (1905-1997)
No more leaky roof! Woo!!!
And apparently I wasn't even paying attention enough to realize it was the general election Perry was talking about! Good grief!
Im Not The Type Of Person To Just Throw The L.O.V.E Word Around. If I Don't I Dont So Get Over It
look at that pretty white Honda in the background! :D
In celebration of the first night of Hanukkah I have made a generous donation on behalf of all my followers to.
lol true statement! mixed people are usually gorgeous! my baby is mixed but shes white as can be haha
u gamin' tonight?
Halloween themed titles to watch...
Well UCLA you may have lost the game but WHAT A FUCKING AMAZING CATCH to pull out in the last 2 mins of the game!
nice! How do you like Twitter?
Syllables are everywhere!
As much as I love the info in the #1940census, there is so much more recent info I need to add to my dataabase
I realized I'm in bitch mode, breathe Gabby breathe...
You definitely have your priorities straight!
"For now, Dick Clark … so long," New Year will never be the same.
Stay out of my business
Its off.. gotta text the wifi #
RT : Once a week injection for type 2 Diabetes is approved by FDA (Bydureon)
this kidd used to be my bestfriend I miss him!
Good, How are you? Who are you rooting for to win HOH on Thursday?
Haha! Ugh...my breaks up. TTYL!
Are you coming to the Russia? Please follow me<3
You deserve it! Love you angel!
Thanks to Natty Greene’s Brewery for hosting April Green Drinks. They provided a great tour of the brewery & selection of their fine beers!
Sherri baby was amazing! You go girl!
Um, I think that sounds perf. I've heard amazing things.
I want something good to eat like ASAP
Can we schedule a call/demo for tomorrow?
I feel like shit.
The Rock Show comes on right when we get off the phone. >>>
Birthday Is coming Up!!!
thanks for ACTING out your role... This is gonna be crazy..
Sat in that restaurant from 1 until 4:30. Think our server was saying nasty things about those three old bats at his table? Sorry dude.
LOL! RT : “SusieWargin: Been chosen as 1 of 4...to interview " U R the only reporter who's in better shape than Mrs.O!
The knicks have scored 72 first half points.
Glad you liked it - easy to write about such a great concept!
Bruce "it's never too early for ice cream" Boudreaux.
Unless you're a Tigers outfielder. RT : Seattle is relentless. You do not shit on Seattle and walk away unscathed.
I got an email saying you had favourited a tweet and I KNEW it would be that one.
Hey man, everything is all updated and correct! My apologies in my A.D.D. nature, I should have checked haha
Meandre 2.0's Snowfield Execution Engine: getting away from limitations of single JVM using #Scala's actors.
Why did the US have to name Bin Laden #Geronimo? At least they didnt use Apache helicopters! Why not call him #Custer?
Foot, meet Mouth. Oh, you two know each other already?
Good Morning #Philadelphia, want to thank everyone who came out to #TechInMotionPhilly last night it was a blast!
Third quarter wasn't kind because you're playing worse defense than Charlotte. Get it together or kiss the playoffs goodbye.
It's just not in me to deceive another, like most... I guess I'm cut from a different cloth. (the right one... Smh.)
thanks! I'm very lucky.
ARE THE DATES COMING THIS WEEK? PLEASE COME TO BOSTON!
Me: "but dad, it's my job to poke fun at my siblings." my dad, "yeah, well payback's a bitch."
Building my new blog over at icraigery.com! Hope to see you all there as soon as I get it up and running!
Just rocked it at the encore lounge :)
Look Out For The World Premiere of Hott New Video "Talking Bout Da DonSon " ft. D.I. Game Changers
My little cousin Hayley just called me crying because i didn't come to the family cookout because i'm sick. My heart is broke. omg.
Are you a local #sandiego #lajolla company that is interested in promoting a successful campaign with ? DM me your email!
YOUR WELCOME
#df11 I say again: it's about working differently.
the soup pot ate my bay leaf apologies to whomever ends up with it in their bowl!
Dudes be having me to weak when they be trying to spit game. Like HAVE A SEAT PLEASE!!!
In Boise on work travel this week & play Boise State. Fate? I THINK SO!
#4WordsYouDontWannaHear we need to talk.
"Seize from every moment its unique novelty and do not prepare your joys" -Andre Gide
It just dawned on me that I have an easier time working with multiples of 12 if I think in terms of cases of wine.
The name of the Lord is a strong tower; The righteous run to it & are safe. -Proverbs 18:10
I love mindless behavior (I follow all my followers seriously check) princeton, roc royal, ray ray, prodigy
In april i hope is official. Welcome to Buffalo.
You're so informative and make such fantastic things!
One door of happiness closes, others open, we often wait so long at a closed door we don't see the one that has been opened for us.
Machine Boobs
There are a lot of penguins on Twitter if that's the case. RT : The average penguin has only one orgasm a year.
Unlimited Golf + 40 Tokens for the Arcade is only $12.00 every Tuesday & Thursday! Upgrade to Unlimited Rides For Only $5.00 More!
“: Wishin' I was, knee deep in the water somewhere. -Zac Brown Band” True that
updated my website and drinking starbucks coffee...yum www.michaelcalixtro.com
mind explaining Berry to me? I'm kinda lost here. xx
Thanks! I will be more responsive when I land
The crowd is going to be deafening if this PK is successful.
Then he stole its candy.
Hi brilong87, I can't message you back if you're not a follower. Anyways the answer to your Q is yes.
You know that feeling when you just feel like a total loser? Yeah, that's the one.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. ~Albert Einstein
So Obama flip-flopped on the issue of SSM?
I do! Was just introduced to you today on a music forum. Your music is just LOVELY. :)
has been packed all day long. If you are just getting to the show, head on over to the Pro Shop.
People usually have to listen to our music a few times before they get it, but if they do they end up loving it.
So many wildflowers. Feels like heaven amongst them.
And if you ask me if I love him, I'd lie. 💜
Not all the way kosher as in separate pots/pans. It's more for health reason. We came fr a region whr we eat veggie mostly.
"Twitter: the only place where you get excited when a stranger follows you."
Thanks for following me on Twitter ~ Look forward to following you too and being blessed in the Lord. Smiles!
Wow. God really does know more then me(He just proved itP. If I just rely on Him&trust in Him, i'll be alright
just woke up with the worst back pain ever. why did I sleep on my stomach all night?? owie!
- how much you want for it? those are nice guitars
RT : Sucks if u gotta lie 2 a nigga bout da time of an event just because he will be late every time u tell him da right time
“Hey, did you get a haircut?” No, I dyed the tips invisible.
Appreciate the shout out!
Scientists aren't sure what color dinosaurs were. Good to know :)
I think u should get SSI for dat! Lmbo RT : Must suck to have a flat butt
EPIC return for Lesnar on Raw....wewantlesnar F-5 and entrance music made my day!
The red indians called it the peace pipe
Thanks for the tweet. Tiff and I love this topic:)
Our sale on Monster Karts ends this weekend, so get orders in now. $800 off one Monster Kart and $1000 off each if you order multiple
bird ass ninjas!
Time To Talk To Followers :)
SUCH great energy rollin thru my body today <3
It certainly comes to mind!
Pamper my self at 5star reflexology..heaven on earth.
oh. Haha nice! He better treat you right!
So the Mav's are putting Lamarr Odom in the D-League! What??? Hahahahahahahahahahahah thats what he gets for being a damn BIG cry baby! Bum
Yo man...I am listening to your joints on Sound Cloud. You got some new heat I see...
There are some interviews that stay with you for a long time / this morning's installment of #nprfamilymatters is one of those cc
Floyd mayweather was doing too much on ridiculousness
if u see Bette Midler, 1st, tell her I love her, 2nd get a picture of her throwin' a gangsta' sign. Please and thx.
hey tripst3r! we already do chat and are adding text-a-librarian using a product called Twilio. Some libraries use GoogleVoice.
my last hunting trip turned into the hunger games
I already new that since yesterday lol Wow ur late goodbye love ya
London for 3 hours
Martha Burtis says #ds106 could not have succeeded with the help of the Twitter community.
he shaved his line beard in the pkg lot of the studio.
Sometimes itt seems like he juss dnt care, so why should I ?
oh me too! Thank you for posting this!
what? Who?
yea at the same time as tuesday
Nice to see emmanuelle chriqui dressed in sweat pants a t-shirt yesterday..low key casual
and the same to u for the RT
16 years ago Andrew and I decided the other person was cool enough to spend a lot of time with. It is hard to believe it has been that long.
Have a great trip this week! Safe travels!
The part in the court!!:)
this is a louisville tourny there's no way we'll both make it
had a concert n Chicago today how come I didnt kno I wanted to go :(
3 things in life when gone never come back: time, words & opportunity. 3 things in life that should never be lost: peace, hope & honesty.
Omg when is this over
On 2 hours of sleep. And working all day.
plz read my first ever bls chapter!!! u totaly inspired me to do it!!
all in one sandwiches, this may be good
Some people can have everything in the world they ever dreamed of and still not be satisfied
Thanks for coming! Cool pic!
Today it's all Greek to me: , #Song of Achilles, and a fabulous Greek lunch in San Diego
Just saw my fav. Cousin on my daddy side yayyy!! #happy af
Friday I am speaking at TVCS chapel...should be back before dinner.
Im about to throw my phone in the pool -____-
Indeed. It's a big year for us!
Hope you are doing well! Have a great weekend!!
Depends we almost always send priority shipping. so a week or two RT : how long does delivery usually take?
I hope knows he can eat all he wants and there will always be room for him in my heart.
vodka cheerios = Jessica's worst idea ever
hahaha thug club!
RT : "Beth's stands up straight but mine's all floppy." Out of context quote of the day courtesy of
dude I'm trying to cram everything into these hours. All the best to you. Blessed week bro.
Follow us on Twitter to get the latest news on how to treat your back and neck pain with the most minimally invasive answers.
Must win for the Grizzles.
Just finished my 300 Workout. Sexy and I know It! #ThisIsSparta - XavierLT. com
Recording vocals on 5 tracks...UH...lot's of track management ahead of me:)
y'all need to take someone with you when y'all go out to eat to make sure it's not poisoned! LOL Stay safe!
Please join us for Easter Brunch this Sunday we will be featuring Bottomless Mimosas and Bellinis for $7 until 3pm!!
How old are you? How old am I? # dealing with these chicks playing on my phone!
hahaha. awk. ok. the stalkers will tell you tomorrow (:
Aw, our twitter avatar got changed to the bird. :( I kinda liked the skeptical face! Won't someone make us a pretty avatar?
Up can't sleep
hi guyz I hOpE JuStIn BiEbEr wIlL WiN On kIdS ChOiCeS aWaRd LoLx SoO Ya jUsTiN bIeBer :)
A Nigga A Grown Man So I Want A Grown Bitch Not No Kidde Bitch....RealShidd #TeamRudeNReckle$$
That was funny, but I don't like you. Therefore I will not laugh.
I hate the twitter app, it's so confusing. That's why I use Echofon xD
thanks for following. I BET you are glad we are following you. Like the lame pun?
i hate when girls know that the guy they're talking to flirts with 100 other girls but does nothing about it .
Yea i miss you.... But u just not the same person that i loved
opening day today. life starts today
Hahahah, The Graham Norton Show is my new favorite.
thats a good way to look at things
I remember when i first saw perform at diggys concert.I ran to the stage didnt even know who they were but they murdered the stage
I really really REALLY don't want to go to lifegaurd training.
Okay Guys and Dolls - I am LIVE with the boys, let's chew the world up right - Zenlive.tv
“: Just had a major flatline on the #greysanatomy finale and we're not even into the second half; Shonda, the grim reaper.”
Stop being ratchet with that "wiff" and okay when ... I leave Thursday
that's a good question lol, workin I guess
Watching Magic City with Viggle Fri | 10PM | Starz Get real rewards just for watching TV.
we just wanna party, mama sorry, I'm so higggghhhhh
Let's go Timbers!
Thanks Jen, I'll check out dates and get back to you. I'd love to see #Transsexualsfromspace I'll have to find a ride out there!
website is wonky. Like. bogged down to hell.
Ah, it's raining. Much more in line with my mood, headache, etc
I'm not talking about self presentation, I'm talking about external features. I never did understand that shit!!!!
Yeah, but it's a helpless feeling, wondering if you're OK.
Heading to #lakewales for a #Brighthouse media booking! Never been. Anyone know anything about lake wales?!
Thanks for the follow my dear! ;)
what a good idea! then I would get to hang out with you! Love that idea.
Solid, solid show from tonight. Saved some of their better material for the end, but that's to be expected.
AAAAHHHHH JUSTIN BIEBER IS ON RIDICULISNESS...
New Years Resolution- Get your Infiniti serviced regularly at Infiniti of Denver.
Apparently i decided to get lunch @ capriotti's along w/ the entire clark county fire dept. Or @ least two trucks worth.
the outside door open...
RT : MUCH LOVE AND RESPECT...GREAT THINGS COM.N OUR WAY!!! (Thanks 4da Love I wish U the world)
Place your order ,it's only 3 bucks per delivery!!!!
Looking forward to hearing about big content in online video from , & #RashidaJones at the #newfront today
A quick question: Some manga went on hiatus last year, and I wondered if there was any news updates on the titles returning?
Well done RT : This Charming Ham
Bipolar people need to gtfo
Signed, sealed, delivered . . . I'm yours.
Words from the mouth of a Madtown Munchies customer: "I hope your night stays strippertastic"
Mabad Ill Text You Rite Now , Ahaha Jk ; D ": - M. Well ' iWaited For A Text From You , /: iNever Got Onee .."
Thanks for the RTs, friends. Hope there's a magnum under your tree (or menorah, or whatever) this year!
they should - RT : Wearing #brewers gear on a train full of #giants fans & feel like they all envy me.
So tired. I talked on the phone with him for 5 hours and 44 minutes last night <3
Customers and grizzlies are always right!
has me watching all kind of youtube videos. I think she's obsessed!!
I LOVE Dr.Wiggy's
Definitely don't remember taking that picture last night.
Hearts freaking racing rn.
It's sad when 3" of snow is a novelty in #Roc on January 30.
We have a winner!
RT : Let us welcome another #ILSHRM Chapter to Twitter
Agree with Tom Tolbert/KNBR: "The Giants have a minor league infield."
i LOVE this world(: I bought a new dictionary and you wouldnt belive what they added to it(:
HEY TWEETIE BABIES!!
What, if anything, would you "do-over" Ms M?
Have a great day Joey! Thanks for the mention!
Who cares whether this is a poem or rhyme, I will love you until the end of time.
Warning: the hot peppers at Subway are insanely hot. My eyes are watering and 's lips are currently swelling.
If you tell yo Kids "Let's Eat Eat" or calling people they "Tee Tee" or "Cee Cee" you a Hoodrat & can't Celebrate Mothers Day
hey Emily! Thanks for the #housingforall support! We look forward to tweeting with you!
Ill ship mine to u so u can shampoo it also~ek
There are cats fighting outside my window... It makes me sad.. I wanna counsel them...
It's cool, English/media studies spent a few decades worrying that because stuff wasn't on paper all truth and meaning was dead.
Thats why idont reconnect with friends from the past becuz its not the same anymore...
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
with you(; an cuz I said so
yes would be great!
Going to NYC this weekend to be in a jail cell for a mafia show on the Discovery Channel... "The Mob and Me"...How fun is this acting thing?
Thank you Anya and Yu for your support, I really appreciate you taking a few moments to check me out, Blessings!
Man, when you are fired up, work can't come fast enough...
im bout to buy some Shaq's on yall ass
Doh! Cousin just scored! Woo! #Rays See what I mean!?
Late thou lol
i'm the same way. that's why i've been in bed all day.
I once fell off a jet ski and broke my leg
i need someone to sing to me...singing relaxes my soul... send me bossladytee dedication videos and win a freeHD video<3
Off to Comedy Works with the TriStyleGirls.com! Next event? SEX TOYS party!! So much fun- check the website for details! Free to join!
Graduation, moving out, getting married. I have a lot ahead of me.
Just finished week 2 day 2 of #C25K with ! Running for a cause with
Well its the truth I miss dat wet wet lol
When #HIV px are undetectable there is a 96% reduction in infection That's why treatment is important
Amen to that ! RT : What is interesting is that there *are* religious traditions who marry same-sex couples, remember that.
Tazers, subscription to Bowhunter magazine, copy of Mein Kampf, home brew kit - just a couple of ideas
thank u
thanks for the shout out Nick. Hope you took away an idea
meet at lunch?
Lol I got u c not on here much
I just wanna know why its snowing considering it was 70 this week.
Coming very soon !!! HOMEGROWN Production beats for sale ...
#EastSideMustHaves Flag pole out in the front yard
While at work, instead of lounging around in the cafeteria during coffee breaks, consider taking a brisk walk round the block.
i don't care how hot it is , no matter what i have to sleep with a blanket on .
#moverslongisland awaiting your request. We have a 14ft available right now, 1, 2 or 3 men at Your request! $50 to $90 per hour.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!87
If it gets a million, will you shut down TMZ forever? “: If THIS tweet gets 1,000 RTs, we'll never tweet about Kim Kardashian again”
christens Oct. 8, 2009 the Infamous Day of Inappropriate Pet Urination, Defecation, and Regurgitation
my little sister and cousin down stairs making breakfast
Never lived there. I meant when we were kids anyway. Nice to meet you though! Thanks for your banana tweets!
I wish I could steal boyfriends, because all the good ones are all ready taken seems like, pisses off :/
i mean he may have another song i like later on but as far as that song goes no i dont.
Awesome! Keep up the great work.
hey handsome sup?
Sounds good, thanks! I will contact you later this week. Appreciate it
studio grind
Thanks for the support on Twitter and Facebook!
I'm not stupid. I'm just too lazy to show how smart I am.
If being gay is ok, why is everyone harshing on Travolta?
Picking up and his wife at the airport! Can't wait to see the whole fam!
omg jasmine ur my idol. i love u so much 143 :]
Kfc? Im down... RT nothing like fine dining in Dixon #KFC'
Thanks to everyone that came out last. night...... Good times.. Winter Freeze will be the next big party in December!
Guess ima chill til It's time ta get off
"Do you have an iPhone? I need to charge my phone." "No, I don't have an iPhone, but I do have a charger for iPhone."
To our neighbors on Saturday nights...sorry for party rockin
Glad I played sports in grade school because I ate really bad and often.
My 3yo just informed me there's now a flower in my huge cup of coffee from the gas station.wondering, how much harm could a teeny flower do?
Some dude tried to sell me a rack of ribs out of his car on my walk home from work today. Almost took him up on it...
Done playing robot chauffeur
I am beyond nervous right now for this test.
Anyone else headed to the NW Foodservice Show/ today? I'd love to say hi!
get at if u want real handcrafted scissors made by me for true pros only hit me up !
“: . , had a blast last night, happy belated lovie!.” - had so much fun with you! I better see you more often! Xo
Too Bynum needs a trim. And how he has so much white hair? He 23 and rich
Agent J travels back in time to the year 1969.
State Farm is there!
I'm there! RT I'll be on #pearljam Sirius xm for the next 2 hours. Gonna dig deep, happy #PJ20 boys and girls
omg. You can't spell "work"? You are NOT ready to graduate!
The ideology of T3AMAV3NG3R$ is simple. Be influential, be innovative, and exceed the level of your performance within your craft.
Clothing store buyers will see clothing lines on blogs, in forum communities, and other publications they frequent
Testing twitter via SMS
Some say the glass is half-full, others say the glass is just obnoxious.
I'm guilty: 80% of smartphone users use them to help with shopping. What are the only 20% using for product reviews?!?
oh, that reminds me, I have to let the census know I am not the child of the "k---mann family"....
#RAWartists Raleigh is officially up on Twitter! Let's get this thing kickin'!
I mean tots!!!!
Will do! Thank you :)
so I know I've been delinquent in documenting the war over the AD job here but there's been so much to relate!
Black keys, radiohead, Bon iver, the weekend, the shins. I'm not too happy right now
Every day, I think about my faults and in some way try to make them better. #Growth&Wisdom
Love the new fitness center in the union!
Demi Lovato Goes Blonde for X Factor Announcement
Very Interested in this outcome. Please keep us posted RT Baltimore County Elected School Board bill now up for debate.
A 2 hour roadtrip during sunrise is a wonderful experience! It only gets better that I'm listening to to praise my God!
Yay!!! Congrats Lily Allen () on your new baby girl!! x
Im gonna replace everyone with music.
Winter Farmers Market located at Carmel's City Center, Rangeline Rd. and City Center Drive.
Just hand me the chocolate and no one gets hurt...
hope , we dont .. get in a car accident . everybody drunk , ..;
My teacher asked me when was the last time I did illegal drugs haha um never? Was that the correct answer?
MT Prelinger: Adding layers and formalities to re-use will spread wrong beliefs & distrust of copyright
yes , that whole album is EVERYTHING !!!! i swear that bitch go harder every album !
Me at school 10 minutes of doing school work, 35 minutes of being on twitter.
whenever... I'm down here in line... It's in my pocket
Lol thank you! It was great meeting you! Please stay tuned for my music!;) Be blessed!
CD Release show in the works... Most likely Saturday Oct. 15th at Church of Boston. Will confirm by the end of the week :)
is going to eat my balls for dinner, and love them.
biked 30 miles through Ohio today!
Looking at comments trending Basketball Wives. Umm...stop being so "dramatic", its entertainment! it doesnt set blk woman back!
I got it bad:/
ANY AGENTS OUT THERE LOOKING FOR IDENTICAL TWINS- WELL LOOK NO FURTHER CAUSE WE ARE RIGHT HERE. Looking for a new agent
Damn, John MacClane almost stuck himself on an exposed bolt. Would have been very unpleasant.
This girls having an orgasm cutting my meat at the deli
Bong Greatness? We sure it was pizza that got delivered?
SN 55! turns 15, goes low, a work by and protests over #disenfrancategorization by
Fact: You won't make it in baseball if you hate country music.
i'm lovinnnn 's tweets right now. ❤❤
Apr 28…Fools » Culture, Literature, History, NYC, Famous People ...
LOL Laker fans. As a Nuggets fan, I can say that I don't know what its like to lose in the 2nd round. Fucking losers.
for those looking to recoup their initial investment on the project I would paraphrase carl spackler..
The inspiring true story "Dolphin Tale" is playing Monday through Wednesday at 7pm for only $1!
All about strengthening my mind 2 day
she will be a lifelong #VanHalen fan now!
I have other business in NYC so timed it all to work out but still looking to attend LA as well
Fair bound
I hate the lakers except Jordan hill!
A response too???
hey you...did you say you had read my book?
Same here papa.I'm proud of Our PRESIDENT ! Let the haters hold the hate!
just raining here 4 now
representing the #B1G today boys!
When You Honestly Could Care Less >
When people are mad they misspell. Look for misspellings of your brand in your searches
People say shit about me and act like i care.Haha its like get a life u fuckn cunt!(: got betta things to do,so have fun with ur boring life
. is reporting lots of votes in the Madison area for GOP candidate but Capitol anti-Walker protester Arthur Kohl-Riggs.
Just devoured our first round of leftovers, finally see some room in the fridge!
Good luck on your reading!
“: ✩ ATTN Producers get you r beats mixed and mastered DM for info ♬”
I might be doing too much... but I made this far...
LT looks like... pretty much the same LT that didn't do much last year. Put Greene in!
I need to find out where the most nearby American Idol tryouts are and when.
When I need massages my bf gives me a full body massage for like an hour straight, he's amazing lol
#Pinterest. Already addicted. Just. Like. That.
I KNOW you had a fantastic time tonight!!!
Please show your gratitude for ... none of us understands the struggle and sacrifice he makes
#POTUS has mentioned many times that teachers in South Korea are often referred to as "Nation Builders".
RETURN OF THE HIT SQUAD/ROCK THE BELLS 2012
www.whoistrillogy.com Get With It People!
most people don't appreciate what they have until is gone
oh congratulations, sweetie. We so love a June wedding. #hint-hint ;-)
how?! Cam had an all time rookie yr
registered for #ala12 in Anaheim. I hope to see you all there!
sure that if there's one thing America needs, it's more lawyers
thanks fir visiting
awesome! It's a cool city! Have fun!
Of course Alicia wants to take the worthless people to the final three. She hasn't done anything either!
I can see that. Actually, he'd make a pretty good serial killer seeing how sociopathic his Sherlock character is.
I'm may just scream if you tweet about NY again!!
Since I was a little girl, I've always put sliced bananas in my chocolate milk.
NO SCHOOL! I hate snow days-but I'm very tired.
There is a fundamental disconnect in the sartorial tastes of Wall St & Silicon Valley. SV's rich are not prone to Armani
Holy Dave Sieger flashbacks!!
well happy holidays to u 2 missy.
“ Relationships takes TWO people. Not one person being faithful and another acting single.””
Thanks, will give it a go!
Thanks for the new follows and people who RT us.
No! JIMMY PERTESTED!
“manifestations of black women’s consciousness” in women’s music, which she describes as “part and parcel of women’s culture”
Never playing Ball with older mans
One question, where did you find your background pictures?
still upset on mj's death
I mean a kid did a lot of waitin', we ain't married but tonight I need some consummation
He stealing Dwight Howard sh1t!
Best...work...party...EVER!
There's fireflies all over my balcony.. reminds me of my moms :)
I Pulled Up In That Lam, Niggas Say I Disrespect Em
you busy on the 30th? ;D
We're sorry Social Media, we haven't forgotten you exist, we've just been too busy saving the world from invading space aliens. Seriously.
Using the handicapped stall...$0. Using a handicapped parking spot...$250. Using a handicapped person as a human shield...Priceless.
FYI it doesn't matter if I've known you for 2min. or 10yrs...lie 2me once&I will never fully trust the words that come out of ur mouth again
there hasn't been a really good Scary Movie in AGES! a really good horror needs to come out!
Inge double...darn
"it could be a transparent mirror! Oh wait, that's call a window.. " LMAO
i cant wait to see my mommy. i need her.
Do you know how many fans you have here in Chicago? You should come visit of ICONiacs we're waiting for you. RT? Reply?
In the streetz of LA D.O.E the squad !!!!!!!!
Did you have the New York Strip? It really is amazing.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf I can trust you...
3 keys to a successful music brand: It's unique. Makes a Promise. Delivers Value.
Happy birthday ! Looking forward to dinner tonight! If the restaurant's not closed or burned down or something. ;)
they are so crispy because we hand-dip and fry them per order. Thanks for letting us feed you!
So..... Shit just got real!
Had a good set at San Jose
she was jealous! LOL
Enuf said :) RT : It is only bad when you can feel the clippings bounce off your cheek.
Im sorry if I sound a little angry or annoyed but I am angry and annoyed when I see you not doing your damn job.
RT : has a nice advertisement for #wonk campaign in today's Washington CityPaper. Front cover sticker and inside page!
I luv u man! That's real. Keep doing ur thing. U see I came to watch u play today.
My work here is done. :-)
Also in the running: FRIDAY THE 13th PART V. SLEEPAWAY CAMP. SILENT NIGHT, DEADLY NIGHT. And, uh, SCREAM 3.
Im sexy on the internet and in real life BITCH 😝
Haha but it is! Do you shop for pants at the same place spongebob shops at?
Im sure u will, boo-licious. Keep ur head up! :*
Had some extra beauty sleep lastnight, now I'm feeling rejouvinated
quick, somebody bring me a cheesecake!
Hells yeah. RT Get out to this!! RT : The Whistle Stop is tomorrow. And it's a free show!
How are all of you doing? I haven't tweeted for awhile. I was sick it was a fever called SCHOOL. Well bye-guys tweet later!
"how many skies have you rimmed?"
Our music's kind of about taking something ugly and making it beautiful. - Jerry Cantrell
whats good lets work
1d tickets today. wow.
make a genius bar appointment and bring it to the Apple store. They are very generous about fixing those things for free.
": Ppl lie for two reasons, to keep from hurting someone,or to hurt someone on purpose, either way its wrong"
hey , 2 days in and already 6 tweets? You must be bored. Especially since & aren't following you yet.
Reason #5 I'm glad to be a Packers fan: has some hilarious jokes.
Look closely for the Camobunga tour promo, sweep, and cue.
3 nights in a row I've had a dream about this cute guy in my grade.. I hate that they're dreams. Lol :c
i Need To Do Something About My Acne . . That Shits Ugly
SPREAD THE WORD ABOUT HBN – plz RT our updates – exciting/wonderful things R happening & we want 2 share w/ EVERY1 – God Bless U – HBN TV
#ThePerfectBoyfriend is one who enjoys spending time with you>>>>>>
sausage + shrooms + red onion + garlic + ketchup + wrap = harper lunch extraordinaire
ha. I had to truncate a bit for tweet, but yeah.
Hi. Can anyone give me a link where it actually shows the practice times at Alabama? Can't find it on Indycar's website...shocker!
Agreed. Methinks "Uptown".
Just found your tweet. There's no "d" in my last name. How are you doing?
I think i got 4 of 8 playoff teams right: Rays, Tigers, Brewers, Phils. Bombed on my WS picks: Rocks and A's. Red sox and Braves the last 2
I clearly ignored that...
yes. I've been out. Freeze is in charge and expect updates from him from now on. Sorry for the delays.
I deduce you like the Hobbit. They're also filiming the Runelords picture, if you've read it. Vote on the actors
Tim Tebow officially a #Jet !!!
Girl day with my mommy & sister >
I love that suit!
Watchin CUBS-CARDS on WGN. Grandson over later and spending nite, hope to be able to watch REDS game, need it to get to even. GO REDS!!!
it sure was! Great to finally meet you!
A boat w/o an anchor, is a boat that's going to sail.
will u come bak to california ? ^.^
RT anyone using an iPhone case with a built in battery? Any recs for an iPhone 4 version?
That's a great genre to read! So many great stories. What's one of your favorites?
#SometimesYouHaveTo what you have to do....
Come to New Mexico. It'ss not all desert.
I'm going to be at Heroes In Heels tomorrow to help women in Tampa Bay. It won't be the first time i've worn heels...just saying.
That makes two of us.
"I wasn't that drunk.", "Dude, you gave a sock to a midget and yelled, 'DOBBY, YOU'RE FREE!"
miss u too
“: Looks like Houston is coming....M&T is gonna be CRAZY!!!”. You know it!!!!
Damn, damn, damn, damn!.
Teachers who don't put tests in the make up box like they say they do are annoying
Madea's Big Happy Family! BYRANNNNNNNNNNN...N i sound like a SSSIIIIRREEEEENNNNNNN!
Ha ha! 3M totally does make some killer Touch Monitors :)
How about $1250 in football sqrs 4 the Big Game? Play in our poker rm all week 4 your chance to win! See a supervisor for complete details
Flying "care"?
Flight to Portland booked! Can't wait for SCAA.
Not yet, but my husband used to live there. Can't wait to visit! The food is to die for, from what I understand.
In honor of #BannedBooksWeek, our mascot Cozette's #reading Lassie. Her Mom wouldn't let her as a kitten. What are you doing to celebrate?
what Re you doing tonight?
Rain with no clouds above me.
Maybe first time "managed bankruptcy" received applause
Every Wendsday I wonder when will finally move up to senior high. :'(
We're pumped 4 tomorrow night! will be on Jay Leno's couch along with Robin Williams and Maria Bellow! Watch #nbc and
Phone dead..
#represent hot track
Getting Mad Over Stupid Stuff
2 more hours til dessert RT Dinner at #SXSW with and friends
#oddneighbor went into the woods to pick 'shrooms. I hope she and #oddfriend get all kinds of trippy.
thanks for the RT!
thinking of the art work for the new collection .... *brainstorms hard* !
So I guess isn't gonna follow me.... I feel so unloved.</3
Surf's Up! Check out the newest warmer and tangerine tango fragrance, Yummy!
Thanks Abby, and agreed, it was a great episode, loved doing it!
I still wana go -___- Friday?
Looks like it's on Soundcloud but their site is down :(
I love peyton manning
your one in a googleplex<3
Hoe, you just mad 😂
reading Chekhov for my short story ideas-but not really reading either. Just listening to Helicopters, wondering why I'm not out there.
Help! I need an online survey site where I can build both push-button and open end questions, and export the data to Excel when I'm done.
Respect is earned. Respect is never given. If you want respect, respect those people around you.
Where are you going? or just picking up volunteers?
thank you!!!
My fate is in Jesus! Jesus is #1 in my life ! Kick out your evil ! build your Faith ! Do anything in His Name !
Starting now on the Clevelander rooftop till 9pm...my set is going to be off the chain..come bye
... Its "Group Porn" for everyone who lives in the apartment
we're working on it. Will make announcements as we approach closer to completion. :)
If a composer could say what he had to say in words he would not bother trying to say it in music.
doing it by yourself is weird, doing it with others is a group
Quote of the night: "It is much more disheartening to have to steal than to be stole from." - The Red Shoes
Goodnight bby! (: Make my night & say it back <3 (:
he'd liked your song that you wrote. dude that song is gonna be a single i know it, its probably one of my favorites
cause I start putting "n" in sending message and your name popsout first
Let's go Munich
In like a lamb, this is almost Fiero weather
Well, only threw 38 because of Byrd, Ross, et al. But yeah, it's...unfortunate.
At night I can't sleep. In the morning I can't wake up.
you know when a graffiti writer says, man rough night. sometimes he aint talkin about drinkin
its freezing at my school too. I always being my jacket while the teachers and some kids wear shorts and t shirts!
I think we can all agree that Coolwater is at better than Joop (if you remember that stuff).
I think I gave them too much credit. I think the message is "smart food," since mortarboard=brains(?) Designer fruit, go figure!
Here's to the Mahomies who actually love and care about Austin, not just for his looks.
I will be selling one of my domain names on namepros.com by auction if anyone out there wants to buy cawine.co please let me know!
The no WiFi stunk last year. I would have thought San Diego would have it...:(
Pretty damn tired.
Most folks wont even read the new terms... What are you going to do, opt out?
Her twitter is :)
RT Happy Birthday!!! : I'M the birthday boy.... :)
Sweet! I use to be in hospitality. I was social manager for Provenance Hotels. Miss it sometimes but love my new gig. :)
RT : Special welcome to all the FAM attendees and media in Cleveland for the 2012 Rock Hall Induction Ceremony.
Yal Anit Ish on TV Tonight.. I'm BORED
did - and replied ;)
Faith is, at one and the same time, absolutely necessary and altogether impossible.
Daily Dose of Goodness: "A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it." -Bob Hope
Grammy's at 8. Congrats to McCartney on his award! Almost 70 and still rockin'
need one more and a tender
Loaded gun complex... Cock it and pull it.
Thank you for the props and #Klout!
I never thought I would make it four days on this pizza-and-doughnut cleanse, and yet here I am.
What did I miss today?
thnks nd its jst one person and I'm a dude
Ah, hello teams! We're checking out to see if this may be a good tool for us. Thoughts?
Starting to not care and it's a sweet feeling
seriously!! i have at least 3.
New tour dates check iit out at www.platinumposts.com cclick on platinum tour dates
not technically in this town....but in Bayview. Place called Hué. AMAZING!!
happy new year
It is so easy to get lost in A Wedding in Haiti by Julia Alvarez! Recommend!
You can do anything you want to do, anything you set your mind to and achieve any vision God placed in your heart!
Aug and Sept 2011 -- "What is Happening in NYS Early Intervention" Awareness Months. Http://unitednyeiproviders.weebly.com/action-alert.html
Its about to be chow down time :)
If pro is opposite of con, then what is the opposite of progress?
Well I missed the pay out on the race does anyone know!
omg maybe we'll have classes together...lol
All the rickshaws are out for the night! Where can we take you??
Solving other people's Excel problems is a low-level super power.
there are no mistakes...just lessons learned!
it did not. Boom.
Selling Your Condo? Ah! Spring! Everyone loves this time of year. The birds are chirping. Flowers are in blooming everywhere you look. Ta
I'm going through withdrawals I haven't seen you in six days. At least we have summer #dfw💜
indeed! its amazing
ah. Kids are intimidating but why? If things go south break out the cupcakes.
Short week but inevitably a fun and productive one. Looking over the Chronicle, reviewing gift annuities, and preparing donor vignettes : )
Just using twitter to complain about how bored I am with Tumblr being down.
#Mets should have kept him! RT Phillip Humber now has more no-hitters than the New York Mets
in case I haven't mentioned it.. I am totally stoked that you're here!
I meant dead I had a typo xD
HAPPY NEW YEARS ! :D
Still looking for up and coming independent artists' music videos. Talk to me!
. professionally speaking, I'm a reporter, not a cheerleader. So I report what I hear and see. That doesn't make me the bad guy.
In worship, God imparts Himself to us. -C.S. Lewis
Financial health and living by skillful means can only be achieved if you know what you earn, what you spend, and where it goes.
lmbooo i just woke up from mine :)
I followed you, can u please FOLLOW in return? Please and thank you :) .
Hard Work Pays Off...Finna Upload "Dope Is My Last Name"
Thanks for the follow Verve!
couldnt do it without you(:!!
dude, I gotta get some sleep. Twitter is telling me that "The Secret World Of Alex Mack" is trending.
i did lmao, 10 min boy
should call their street team leaders for doin' a good job! :)
It can happen to the best of us, as the large number of unpurchased penguin cocktail shakers would indicate.
Actually you died about 31 times
Another day, another rain storm in #Denver. Who knew we have a monsoon season @ 5280!!
I love it when i hear lyrics that totally apply to my current situation...
lesson to all parents, take your kids to sports authority!
yeh, that's O. & sometimes at home, he drives me mad w/need for pretend.
Thank you for the RT!
and just for the record? 30% is the Kickstarter tipping point. The gross majority of KS's that hit 30% make good. So congrats :)
I still don't think the Tribe has the offense to hang on in the central... prove me wrong boys, prove me wrong...
I'm very tired -.- it was a LONG practice
Your twitter ID may be hacked... you're sending out phishing messages.... leading to a fake Twitter site.
Thank you!
Happy day to mothers near and far.
ur such a butt. They will survive lol they got each other lol
": Ohio: great state? Or *THE* greatest state?"
Thanks for the MT, Dan! It's a fine segment on Porter's Ether, this week.
oh i thought it was the rays!! wtf!!
Baseball is a terribly boring sport, but tonight was actually entertaining.
Just checked into a room in Indy that I got on Hotwire an hour ago. Same hotel the #patriots stayed at. I'm paying $85 w/tax. They paid....
Fake niggas get Exposed like counterfeit bills! I'm MFL for real!!!!
Maybe I should apply for one..? ;)
Montevalle Park. We can't sty whole time so come down :) help us tweet
Happy first day back to work in 2011! What did you have in your glass when you rang in the new year?
And at the same time I see Israel inject their religion and culture to the U.S. learning content.
I think living smack in the middle of bfe, away from civilization is a good excuse
One more follower to 9000! If could be you....
Pls be kind to gas station attendants. It's not their fault gas prices are high. Smile & give them a cookie instead!
RT *R-T-W-E-E-T* if u want TONS of INSTANT FOLLOWERS! I'll shout u out with my 22,510 [MUST BE FOLLOWING ME]
SEA & SJC are 2nd homes for me, so I should have known to post a spoiler alert. Sorry! But now I understand about the photo!
For what
Spent the morning at the METAL Inc. men's brunch where Martin Sheen was the guest speaker. He was excellent & inspiring!
G2 fr NBC producer: local TV news audience older. People making news decisions much younger & no sense of history older than last month.
The beauty of Twitter is 140 characters. It trains the brain to get to the point in a concise matter.
I fucked this white girl who got a pink rang and she drives fast on the slow lane. she got a neck tattoo and all her clothes are new.
peel her muffin cap back blue!!!!!!!!!
Few hours too late...i found my perfect.
I'm actually partial to FDR and Fala too. FDR is one of my favorite presidents (though I don't think he treated ER right!)
Is Colt Big Ben? Heck no, but adding Blackmon or Khalil would have given him a chance. Same for the Weeden pick.
Hey, all you gamers bitching about the Diablo 3 launch on the forums: Go ahead! You make a better one! Go! Do it!
Yes, hardcover. I gave mine to so I bought it again for my iPad
Or should I go to Youngstown?
That's just mean. Nothing about being a townie is awesome. RT : no that's awesome
It's about that time to start hitting the cages to get in spring form. Do you have your MoZer Bat yet?
Thankful “I Get To!”® work and prepare another keynote today!
Watching #Frontline- Hey young bankers, that feeling in your stomach as you shy away from revealing how much you were paid is called shame.
"Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love." Leave me alone...I'm working! Voodoo
OH MY GOSH I CANT SLEEP. WHAT IS GOING ON?!
Are you working tomorrow?
The #Patriots pre-season schedule is out. They host Jacksonville travel to Tampa Bay and Detroit and host the
Good for him! He is extremely brave & deserves a better quality of living. I'm disgusted by N. Korea. It's no different from Iran.
how r u doing?
RT : It still pains me to see self-employed business owners working 60-70 hrs/wk in their business, thinking they know it all
New car? Hm
nothing, i just regret everything i ate today. ): you won't believe what i ate i'm so pissed
ugh. stfuuuuuu. lol. you are ruining my moment!!!! :P
why not ": ***I AM NOT HOSTING A PARTY IN WILMINGTON, DE ON 5/31***"
and really looking forward to meeting you both out in San Diego this weekend for List Control event!
Shanks friend!
thats cool chip. love how you brought in one of your students to lend their voice to it!
manit smell like hella pet stores in dis room man take dem stank azz rats outta here......
I've read a few of that girl Britany's articles and its boring information. Jen is tv and radio what am I missing here? No comparison
A problem in my geometry book starts: "A lead box for vials of plutonium..." What happened to equations with apples and watermelons?
the next step in quantified self would move beyond simple times series data and hopefully involve network analysis.
People are like... WTF david... lol,
I was wondering why all those people with shotguns were following me.
congrats on the new house! that is exciting:)
predictions on v. GM Robert Hess opening?
No beginning is ever perfect and no ending is ever happy.
Taking Twitter advice from me? Probably also a red flag.
Totally worth staying up the extra hour, You guys rocked that Weenie Roast.
Great cause! Shout out to too! RT: will be on Sun 4 a cooking demonstration- fb.me/1exlbujHC
Man I hope you like some Starburst.
Introducing the lovely to Cristina in Human Bio & excited for the concert being a week before my 19th birthday #ilovecollege :D
how ia it working with Lord Boyd? Tell him uwm panthervision says hi!
FOLLOW ME ON MY MAIN
funding for Community Cohesion in Cape Town South Africa. My mission #feed tummies, minds, spirits
Why is Simon so mean to Nicole? Love her!! RT : "Simon, don't hate - just congratulate!"
"...so much of the toxicity in this world comes from a collective draining of empathy. But theater invites us-no, forces us-to empathize."
Quote of the night: "Damn there's a lot if Cheetos on this stage." - Paco Chaos
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY
Discovering Twitter =)
Don't worry, STH seats are on hold until Friday so you have a chance to purchase them.
Cheers to the UPS guy!!!
GoodMorning!!!!!!!! (; i dont wanna go back to school #Map grrr map ios boring :p
The only guy that calls me is Randy from Chase Visa. *sigh
what did i tell you
Met with some more providers yesterday, getting a good group of educators to contribute to our site!
#10FactsAboutMe 10) I love laughing and people that can take a joke especially mine. If I make fun of myself, then I can make fun of you.
Turn up Turn up Turn up Turn up Turn up On Dese Hoes !
Perfect lunch left over hard boiled eggs and tuna... Yum!!!
@ I Love your kitty
Hearing a few teams have inquired about the #Ravens pick in the 4th round. They're scheduled to pick 3rd today.
Lawyer Joke of the Day: Q: How many lawyers does it take to change a lightbulb? A: How many can you afford? Go to www.TopTierLegalGroup.com
If you don't like what you're doing, then don't do it. ~ Ray Bradbury
Look ma no hands
I love my friends, they are so cute.
The Star in Paducah. Come on down. Seth will give you a kiss.
Amidst historic political upheavals, the torch is lit in Athens. Only 8,000 miles to London.
whats good twitter !
thanks... that album just kills... it's clear when someone is just on a certain level higher than most.
Can't wait! Your the best.
can't deal with lou in that shirt.
haa best links on the web... I'm kicking myself. Now I know where to get those from for future ref.. :) Thanks Pip!
If you actually care about the context: he was reassigning Indiana as a coverage area from the Chicago bureau to Detroit.
Can I get a RT for being a huge Sharks fan? I have a Joe Pavelski jersey! And you threw me a ball once! And it's my birthday!
CINEQUEST was a blast!!! The audience was blown away by our film HARD SILENCE
Never depend on others for what you can do yourself
Today is the day my sis moved out the house gonna miss her !!
No guts. No gator.
nothing much... I'm about to get back in music(: how've you been?
MT #TasteofHillcrest is coming up! Buy your tickets Hillcrest, San Diego 92103
Happy Birthday
Romney seems headed for a 4 - to - 6 point Michigan victory.
guys are selfish jerks -_- exsept for austin alex and robert
Decided to watch Noein again this trip. Been a year or so since the last time. Really sublime anime.
That's what Harbaugh has brought. Even when Stanford good in the past, never as physically tough as they are now.
Jaime Dimon blames Democrats for turning their backs on businesses by regulating them. He just lost AT LEAST $2billion dollars.
when bitches be having that dry as weave in! Take that shit out! Putting it up aint workin.
This white dude pulled out some bacon flavor sun flower seed HIS FRIEND WAS LIKE WOW DUDE I NEVER HAD THEM Now he's teaching them how 2 eat
We love you Rochester. Greatest City in the World!!!
yes we do.
El Gato Negro and the The Avengers.
Thats why you saw lobbyist groups like Fairplay usa with Tom Ridge and Louis Freeh. Thats how they paid them their $ after
“: Waking up at 5:30am is not pleasurable. OMG” for reals
Yea back in Los Angeles!!! Feels great to be home
HA. RT : "Thanks for your note! We don't bid on QLab sales, since we're the only ones selling it."
I wish my library stocked what I watch. Even netflix's selection isn't too great on Indian movies.
What is the over/under for refs changing face off opponents tonight?
you say you feel so blessed right now . thats how i would feel if you followed me
and thanks for following me back! I look forward to your updates :)
Ms. Veronda at Margaret Brent is the best in prek. RT keep #thankateacher trending! Which City Schools' teachers inspired?
AUSTIN IS MOVING What about you and him!?
I should have sent Ben around to your place with the girls. I barely made it off the block but they did a little "shopping"
Excited I get to sleep in the big kids guest room but missing and
Nice to meet you Dr Liz!
Good morning doll!!
Working on my #twerking skills since and are gone 😘
Congrats ! RT : Congrats to Mike Moser, the #MWBB Men's Basketball Player of the Week for Jan. 30!
Authors present include Lee Child, Tess Gerritsen, Charlaine Harris, Karin Slaughter and David Hosp.
3 wks to Chris Tomlin in Abq. @ the KIVA Aud! Want FREE tix? Text TOMLIN to 21947 •Valid for U.S. cells. only Msg&Data rates may apply
Steelhorse just finished 6 non-stop hours of rehearsal ... one cannot live on Southern Rock alone ... pizza and beer needed too!
what's his personal reasons for being out?
The OC. Love :)
Ah, I see. What about (not YA) the short story "The People of Sand and Slag"?
Fun, over the top, home grown, totally Baltimore. Plus is helping build the set!
The train smells like dirty body. Gah-ross.
I came back to tweeter world :) !!!! Happy Friday !!!
yea y
yep. That's my name (:
wait up, I don't think I get that ref :-(
or when speaking of that kid in Home Alone who wets the bed. re: appropriate uses of "fuller"
that's definitely the best one
Yeaa cop this when it leak, 4 bars in the intro courtesy of me roc ;-*
I love when Alex says goodnight, then tweets again!<3 haha
Would feel bad for the requisite taunting that , , will receive, but eh
I know crazy.
The President has kept all of the promises he intended to keep.
I Hope He Gets Better!!! I'll Pray For Him<3
V-Day shopping last night at the mall: it was foggy and cold -- men staggering from store to store with lost zombie looks in their eyes.
They are still around. Different places now. The "normals" found the dives. Neighborhoods changed. all still there just new spots
You ever find your old phone?
I ha school too but I left at 12!
#TwitterToughGuy RT : Don't trust anyone with under 500 followers or if they don't work at a credible media outlet
YES! Remind yourself to share your most beautiful & truthful voice from the heart. It don't need no sugar!
Upside of Wroten, Ross, leaving: #UWHuskies might be able to get by with just one basketball per game.
Omg Rory's on Glee. Crying tears of happiness…
The DC-Colorado game. Can't watch it live, but wanted to see it from beginning to end later tonight. Not sure if I can.
get to work tokio!
thanks I owe you a fabulous new find ;-)
So, how many pushups did you do for the endurance test? We're on the edge of our seat :)
my bad, yea I got you
It's so hot in my house
Cleaning this messy room of mine...so much on my mind
Lakers are bleeding.
Seeking #Sales leaders in #Detroit #Stamford #Milford #Philadelphia - #software exp pref. -- email resumes to
me too.lol(; stupid teachers!(:
"What is this crap!! "
#BillyCrystal and #TomHanks are class acts. They started the #Oscars out right. #Hugo is 2 for 2. It has a nice lead on
Thanks!!! // 5oz Free since opening till this wkend. Show them your FB check in.
Glad #Jermaine won and gave God the glory
Happy #StPattysDay! Fact: there are 36 million U.S. citizens from Irish descent - that’s 9x the population of Ireland itself!
dude, lotus flower video....awesome
too uch shots can fuck you up
Who's a Grey's Anatomy fan???
keep sending hacked DM's
The secret of a good life is to have the right loyalties and hold them in the right scale of values. Thomas, Norman
oh sterling knight sister is on it :)
oh well i forgot about you, and you forgot about me too!
It's almost here! Join us for Millie's Miracle Spirit Night on March 29th as we help a child in need. Come out and show your support!
Hell yes we are. #imissyoutoogirl (:
About to talk at #crs2012 with about creating digital content. Come say hi.
today is the first day you can vote for the dc mayor!! come on dc, get out the vote! :-)
We can't rush our way to our destiny
it's all about balance and prayers. Looking forward to a great class tonight!
I can't feel my toesies:(
I am so happy:)
sounds great please give me a follow and dm me buddy, much appreciated
Vigorous & spirited debate at CC last night, w many very smart young people. Glad to help young conservatives make their case.
I laugh at the grief #MUBB is getting If I was on the team in college I would've been kicked off the team after orientation weekend
Happy Valentine's Day to all <3
Love that an appropriate amount of clothes for a 3 day trip to San Diego easily fit into a backpack
to your house?
God Morning :P
What Makes You Beautiful on the radio is an amazing way to start a horrible day 😃😃😃😃😒
GREAT day for #Fishers #KnightsofColumbus #TootsieRollDrive! Raising $ 4 those w intellectual disabilities at #Marsh 8-2 TODAY!!
Please check your email when you get the chance. Lmk so I can tell them.
THANKS!!!! Can't wait for you to find out! :)
i kno' that there is a lot of girls that say this, but can you please follow??(: oh, and i cant stop listening to 11:11!(:
BJ Upton looks like a cracked out Ricky Henderson...I mean he looks like Ricky Henderson.
Are u ever gonna tweet me?..Ever?
Naniwa vs. Nestea - can't wait for this
How was the Grove? Hope you had a great day.
@ youtube would be the best thing that i could happen. I really love u Christian♥. come to spain!!
Don't tell me to text you and then when I do, you don't respond.
in the library: 8th grade boy,"do u Hav any books?"--me ":)" + some genre questions.." Could u tell me what all the other guys r reading?"
Centennial High Environmental Club & WPR are hosting a Paint Recycling Expo Feb 5th @ 9310 Old Scott RD Roswell, GA 1-5pm
i doubt there are many bigots among your followers
Just bought a drink so large it requires a neck strap
RT Rt - If You wit #TeamNoDaysOff if Not Betta Get Wit it
I'm so cold right now :///
thanks man, I've been working on a newer version of the site since December. Still needs some work, but hopefully ready soon.
cooler then you
What do you think about the defendants?
anyone tried to reset a password on spotify? is there some secret European way to do this?
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anyone else expects of you. Never excuse yourself. - Henry Ward Beecher
I feel dat nigga when he said sometimes I feel like I'm working just to work harder!! Let's get it
Nice I cant wait to hear what you cook up in the lab.
what is up with ??? lost my giftcard and their customer service said they will send me a new card. 4 weeks ago, ZIP. :/
I miss you, come home. 2 sleepover days next week!
ok thanks
OG KUSH ON DECK RT : better be smoking something watching them lol
I like baseball.
Bob Zemsky: "Innovations that should spread like fire die aborning."
On my way to san fran to be interviewed by the one and only Mr Robert scoble
u should ckeck those places out before u go back to school:D
This Saturday 6/4th Work At Home Business Expo, Orange Country CA. I'm on at 2:30 - start your own home-based business! See you there..:)
Happy Birthday!
Digital...Play where they play Same with PA play where they play
The Concert was great & for a good cause... Had fun=]
A March day with 75 degree temps is perfect for a bike ride. 42 miles @ Rothar Turas. Loved it. Now for a date-appropriate beverage.
Staying in... Movie night with the roomie :)
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair.
u said u saw pics from it.
This girl needs to hit me up
My prayers and condolences go out 2 Sean Kingston and his family
Just got off work tryna find something to do
