Great pic! Love the warm sunny color.
Gotta go thru this all over again..ugh
it just screamed YOU!
Need to make sure that Dolphins don't win division and NE/NYJ get wild cards. NE win eliminates MIA from division winning.
that's so crazy; i had asked MLA what the tag would be and no one ever responded. metadata chaos!
Open Mic Tonight @ Texas Mist on 183 (Near Callahans & Landing Strip) (South Austin)
It is time to #boycott ! They support #ALEC & its voter suppression bills, Kill-at-Will laws, and other nasty laws!
Life, health, clarity of mind, family and friends!
that vid gona pop; i dont give two fuc*s about who say what broo!
A huge thank you to Joe Hamel for his contribution to Voodoo Macbeth- Staged Reading!
- Cooking Bacon ( Which i Hate ) & Eggs For The Kiddos .
well ima need you to change that then lol
I think we got it man. I'm always nervous but I feel REALLY good about this year!
Beats, Rhymes, & Life: The Travels of a Tribe Called Quest will be playing at the Ford Amphitheater this Friday at 8:30PM!
searching for this shit .
My dog got a LONG dick!!!! Lmfaooo!!!!!
I'd rather be a person not known at all than to be known for someone I am not.
So.over.the.dentist ouch! I mean ----
I will buy you some Lulu's Thai food in Kansas City when you make it out here.
His father earned the bronze star; Mr. Collins never served.
If asked to describe yourself in a few words just refer to your most recent Google searches."What is Pinterest, Mega millions, Famous slave"
Crock Pot Trio Sweepstakes was a success! Now wondering what our next giveaway should be?
I love you too babe!!
Oh my GOD this is the best lemon bar I've ever had!
#FF Awesome #genealogy resources and authors
Not right now, but we'll let you know!
ya ok uh
lazy.butt.idis luckily I don't suffer from this...
Fake Skype account messages are appearing again in e-mail. Don't open any links in the messages and delete it.
Waaah. My baby is an adult. Baccalaureate is over...Senior Night, graduation party and Graduation left to go.
:) So fun to hang out as always.
uh oh thats going to be one happy fan lol
Tillett identifies Chief Adversaries: nationalists, crime rings, malicious insiders, and hacktivists.
Apple cinnamon oatmeal it the best!!
This weekend is going to be crazy ! Birthdays tomorrow !!!!👍
One hour until the Sherman Oaks Farmers' Market! :) Please join us from 3 pm until 8 pm behind the mall on Riverside Drive! See you there!
everyones throwing up gang signs lol
their logo is too intense
Lunch meeting with margaritas = my kind of meeting
Mentions = Dead. HMU.
That awkward moment when your laughing to yourself and someone sees you.
That's a very sweet thing to do for ur followers! Congratulations to u and ur amazing girl Brenda! I'm a big fan! Peace
My bitch make your bitch look like precious.
Thanks for the follow!
You hate your life, while some people are dreaming of having your life.
Did you know that Governor Ritter proclaimed May as Colorado Golf Month! So let's get out and golf!
Whose gonna stop me? And I called you!
I think that puts Ryan up 3-1, right? Crap.
Are they trying to mansplain stuff to you? Ugh. :(
US Muslims need to pick a side. If you are not with us then you are against us. If you don't like us, then leave.
talking about "me so horny!
To date, save for our in-house Editorial Assistant/Archive guy, guest posts on the Archive blog have all been voluntary.
#JobsDrakeHadBeforeBecomingARapper DEGRASSI BITCH!
Installed iOS 5 on my phone last night without backing up my apps and now, all of my games have completely reset!!! I need an angrier font!
Love this!! “: Q4 a bicycle! Your helping the environment and getting exercise at the same time! #OneSmallAct”
That's funny. My ny friends all seem to be complaining about the soupy weather today.
autonomy was the project that got Adam and Eve kicked out of the garden...not a gift God gave them.
$55 to fill up my gas tank! Ah!!!! I screamed like a little girl. Good god.
it wont come until like, june. i told you. lol
vlad was a solid brand with a solid base. Good character w a good platform.
#dhtrial judge took d atty inside chambers. Separate from abc atty woman. (Asked that she stay out)
Crowd just did a deafening chant: WE WANT STEVE!
GOOD ONE !
": The first period has ended with the Blues and Kings tied 1-1. The Blues outshot the Kings 13-11. #bluesplayoffs"
I need a haircut so bad!
Thanks for the follow! It was gr8 working w/ y'all in #24HourTheatreProject yesterday. Hope we get 2 do it again!
Two more minutes before lightning talks!
Tornado! Oh no, Auntie Em!
You can usually import it into Access and export it back out as CSV. And then get a large, tall glass of something heavily alcoholic
Nice work Cano! #hrderby he put on a good show!
Get ready, Chris Forsberg from ESPN Boston is coming on up.
He's such a buttmuncher/ imma tell ya ONE TIME
putting it back in lol....I just wanted to see how much it grown that's all
RE: George Bush on meth...bwahahahaa...!!
Yo you should DM with details on how to get on your radio station! check us out here... Soundcloud.com/iamforyou
I have a case of SPRING BREAK fever and its bad!
Ready for tonight. Can't wait to go to Camden Yards tonight, and watch the best team in baseball (at the moment).
come on man with aj gone I'm gonna need a cool buddy here. Drob is such a goody goody and swish is just weird.
which will be NEVER Puss Cake !!! Have the courage to TALK a different girl!!!! (-;
Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.s
Go #Follow my ninja
Horrible play calling for 1st n goal series...could cost us!
#AGirlDeserves a dump on her chest
Of course! Stop in and see us, or kustomthrills.com and fill out a tattoo request form!
Yeah Touchdown! #touchdowny !
RT If you only ever give 90% in training then you will only ever give 90% when it matters. -Michael Owen
...just checked in to My life is complete. #BreakfastRoseBurger, here I come.
Not ready for school!
in a boxing match you're right, I don't doubt that...but in a good old fashion cage match, I'll take him out on the ground
Parents use cellphones as an "electronic leash" for their children
Shit I just had to eat some celery ": Lol! I feel ya girl, fridge raiding as I type :-P"
haha I know!!
I love living on the beach<3
Is it possible to be in a relationship without other guys hating on the relationship. Like seriously get a life. Please and thank you.
Okay so what you wanted to talk to me about.? RT : well I was mad N bored
what more can u ask for its friday. you made it through the week
Trying to push data back to the DB via CakePHP Ajax web service - please help!!
New Bordellos!!(:
Strange people at the bus stop .
I believe you. I just misheard (or they misspoke). Likely the former.
Which tent will you live in, discon-tent or con-tent-ment?
great song lol
I miss ya too! I haven't seen you since the concert which was a bajillion years ago!!
Wishing everyone a fabulous Easter weekend!
I just got the best phone call ever from my nephew...
I wouldn't want to wash their uniforms. Stinky!
Working on some new stuff for the site!
You know why i have #trustissues but yet and still you do the shit that makes me paranoid
What would I do without you...
Having withdrawals without my laptop today... :-/
This song save my life :)
Wait. Spurs play the Warriors next...RJ!!
for sure. also, that was the first game after they traded for Fister. id say it was a pretty good weekend.
Seeing you yesterday just makes me miss everything we had... i know it's not worth wishing though
is there any ecommerce system you're using? We have worked with a lot of other non-profits to improve their organization!
I use Pinterest just for fun, but I know designers who use it to share images/foster collaboration
My handwriting always looks awful compared to everyone else's.
Sorry for the tormenting, just want to make sure had something to look forward to! See you Friday/Saturday I hope?
mumford and sons ♥ >>
Hi! I started when I was 4 in theater productions!! I'm in Houston but work in Austin San Antonio, mostly in the Texas area!
you've inspired me to rewrite my own
Try our Dreamy Chocolate Cake Special. Order today and enjoy it for tomorrow at the office!
Sitting in the hall is so relaxing.
Justin Bieber:Never Say Never
Do your hobbies include playing video games? If they do, then you probably play a lot of them
btw, w/ me having a place in LA. We can have BErrinchudas Brunch at my place, and draw sharpie brows on ourselves too.
me too. the wildcat is all bullshit. ask
do you make children drop their ice cream? :3 <-Kelsey xoxo>
They're all closed! D:
Well...I'm alive but need 2 repent 4 my choice of words when I thought we were making our decent towards death;) Thanks everyone 4 praying!
Ur Very welcome. Contact us @ & become part of our soon to release mobile guide app. Offer promotions
So tired from track today lol😓👍 great day td
OMG I MISS YOU TOO!
Lots of nibbles at #bonfoster2012 tonight....and the food is pretty good, too:) Congratulations to everyone at !
how do u handle so many rude comments all day? Props to u girlie.
On my way to get my braces off! Been waiting for this day for forever!
your optimism about this makes me want to vomit
Thanks! I appreciate it! (:
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
I just noticed Larry King don't even have a twitter pg @ LarryKing wow he needs to get with the time no wonder L for? lol
not really. Too tired;
Know what's crazy? How much I love being called "Monster." Capital M. Yeah, I dig it. Thanks. <3
Content delivery networks are youtube-like channels that can offer more security (not free). They also tunnel videos to youtube.
it's simple. For some, the rules of the game always changes when it hits close to home.
Yes, me too! Thank you!
IMO, no, As much as you love Aubrey, it is an experience to love another pet. When it is time that will/might happen.
u still hearin da peer pressure 4 u 2 play n NY?
": How bout dem G-Men???" So excited for ! What a game!
s/o to for having good taste RT Shout out to ! I checked out your sweaters and they're UNREAL.
Flash deal - Check-in with #4sq and receive a special surprise - only today in Coral Gables
Judge Alex ain't playing!!!!
Design Research Conference isn't over yet, but my head is buzzing with ideas. Very interesting data talks this morning.
I'll confess, I'm not trying very hard.
Remember, the greatest use of a life is to spend it on something that outlasts it
Beware of false prophets which come to you with rocketmail accounts.
Yes. Good for you.
Dominos b4 wrk my moms LOVES ME!!!
happy Jonas day <3
This woman tried to tell me my boarding nmbr doesn't matter. Bitch yes it does! I'm on before you now move!
Mixed feelings <
Patriots won the super bowl when Charlie Weis left to ND and Romeo Crennel left to Cleveland. Shouldnt make a difference if your the best.
My biggest comeback wins...from 15 down in racquetball and 11 down in 2on2 playground basketball. I feel you BYU!
Omg! Lmao!! ": Lmao y'all know about the church finger"
Where's the inciting incident in Groundhog Day? When he wakes up and its still Groundhog Day? That's page 25!
Dex: Social networking is like a club. Twitter is the dance floor, tumblr is the bar and facebook is the people crying in the toilets.
Are you after any of the Marni x H&M necklaces? I saw and thought of you!
Guilty as charged. So far, so good. Thanks! Howz U?
At the #AWIDforum, discussing the main contributions of feminist economics - value of equity & recognizing unpaid & domestic work
u not fxckin wit it?
every month something big happens with my music, I'm ready for next month. ticket giveaway on tuesday! new songs soon
The amount of tootsie pop wrappers in my backpack haha
So sore from zumba last night!!! But still can't wait to go back today! 1 hour count down!!!!!
so am I! (and I suspect a few others) ;-)
Even Ike Turner and Joe Jackson are jealous of this beating.
Good morning session, the boys had some fun in the Oxy Gauntlet
NEWBURY STREET: Who's got Beantown fever?! We do and we're serving up brand new BOSTON CREAM PIE frozen yogurt to celebrate!
I LOVE my backround!!!!!!!
my pleasure!
man we are good at taking test in math lol xD!
Also if counseling or individual therapy is available to you as a friend, that can help you figure how best to help. Skills etc.
I want soup. French Onion.
I picked some up at target and they are not too shabby. Will have to try the WS.
Oh man! That was my afternoon pick me up.
twitter jail for the second time lol
Armgard von Reden #EUdpconf "Safe harbor agreement now a teenager, & like teenager needs lots of tender loving care & $$$." Great analogy
Have you tried our new our new sorbet???? It is done with our signature prosecco and blood orange!
suck my weiner im not jealous!(;
Haha that's one way to look at it! ;)
Sorry to hear that. But if you ever post any of the photos, please ping me.
happy birthday!!!
#Bvlgari, #Tiffany's ;)
When post st patty's day results in only a few bruises and a broken nail i would call the night a sucess
What the hell is going on at Macys in downtown Minneapolis today? Live music and Brazlian babes and beefcakes posing on platforms!
I'm absolutely loving Twitter right now to be able to keep up with what's happening in Brazil right now! History in the making...
Someone needs to escort this guy...yes you in the pink dress shirt...back to his hotel. Too much alcohol
come join us on recruithighschool.com it's free post highlight tapes and photos for free get exposure to college coaches
I'm going for a brief footy session. When j get back hope to see 125 followers.
Thanks for following!
he gone make get his bro haha
How Are you? Enjoying the weather in Miami yet?
The #Wings are so good at everything, they even lose better than any other team! Now 6-0.
I want in girls!
'A real man doesn't make his lady jealous of other women, he makes other women jealous of his lady"....love this
you are such an amazing actress keep it up!!
I wanna stay in my warm bed ah
thanks for the follow! have you checked out our music yet?:)
at circ de sol le OVO but following the hawks #Allin. Let's go boys
So much love to give.
just got my hair shaved o_O
Can't take #IUbb right now. I'm switching to Adam Levine, I mean
that parquet floor looks really good!
Music to database artifacts by: Easing into the week with a little Billie Holiday, Chet Baker & Dr. John.
shut up shan! && where the hell is Jasmine?
I beez in the trap
Maybe that was Edward's pet name for Hunter. You know, something he called her to help set the mood.
Thanks for the suggestion!
indeed u did ! i saw it.. whenever u gave it back to me .. smh at u !
Off my twitter hiatus and now outta pocket. Scrolled down to tweets like 10 hours ago. RTing random stuff.
The Vow 👎 The Lucky One👍
always good to hear about Whit and the boys!
thanks! :-D
Melanoma is the most common form of cancer for young adults 25-29 years old
How Do You Decide How Much To Put In Your 401K? Any Ideas?
My mother was very unhappy the teacher was encouraging us to read harlequin romances and so I read a pulp mystery instead.
Hey and , we r 6-0! Can we please have a shirt sponsor now?
lol they don't know nothing about the alley!!
The Hippo song is coming up just before noon! - Theresa
Thanks for the retweet! Hope to see you there! :)
- Love the Rottie puppies on your Twitter background!
Just saw your comments about Snooki, hilarious! And your Grandma sounds like someone I'd hang out with, lol.
keep spending your time worrying about the yanks enjoy the playoffs bro ALCS starts sat nite in the BRONX
i love you and you inspired me to keep on dancing. I will always be a fan and Be ICONic can you please follow me?
one of the worst ways to hit on someone is asking "how can someone so beautiful be single?"
welcome to the blogger group!
TOGETHER WE CAN. SHOOT THE MOON, STOP THE RAIN, EVEN RIDE A HURRICANE. staaahp it Cheetah Girls.
Very interesting to see Hoopla demo today. Apparently they're looking at a per download/use model.
#thingsicantstand when people say they like 2 mins away and really take like 15-20 minutes
over-excessive (yes) but they look pretty nice lol
Change the way u think & u change the way u feel
Ric puts the black people in the back of deshas when he seats them.
Your weird and I'm weird..wanna be friends?(:
u inflated cake
About 40% are *depressed* about climate change--think we won't or can't do anything about it, so not worth trying.
Aww we're cute ;)
Oh I can hear them playing
how so?
Ju Only Lib Once LMFAO RT“: J O L O”
they also removed Duty, Honor, and Courage
you're beautiful.
Top fielding percentage in both Leagues for a pitcher?
I hate stupidity. That's just something I can't tolerate..
she never said in the story that the service was bad. She just said she didn't want to tip
the best writers goes to , AllTimeNutella and 1Donlyyouu .
Now it's just iPads. Thx for edits!
About to explode on a new canvas! Everything is perfect, listening to #Muse, drinking wine, having a blast. #painting #abstract, pics soon!
perfect! Let's do something this weekend please! Something exciting!
Great tip: "Don't eat anything your great-grandmother wouldn't recognize as food"
Killer oysters tonight at Jax, among other things... ;-)
Don't judge a book by its cover. I know several male dancers, and they are all dedicated and respectful. Don't start this.
commencent keynote address fail
#Youwannaimpressme don't assume I sleep in a coffin? It would take 20 coffins just to hold my designer v-necks.
History Channel. #USA #1 Boom
Wont save ya no extra RT : Eat ya girl up fa breakfast
Happy Mother's Day!
broke my hand in the last fucking game of the season... played through it..then got the cast put on
OI OI OI you were freakin funny friday u gotta take that funny to New Zealand!!
Waiting for my truck to be done...The Auto Clinic is the best!
thx for the rt (sorry, forgot about leaving rm). Cheers.
Much love to Chicago Jazz Ensemble and Nicholas Payton. great performing with you tonite
is slower than molasses a time?
we have new snapbacks on there. Tanks coming shortly
6 services in 18 hours! 2 down 4 to go. Please pray for me - my voice needs strength.
Just left an informative meeting with the Hotel Guru, Bob Rauch.
Hey I love that your ukulele is twitter.
Watching sandlot and thinking about how good is Gunna do on her final good luck pumpkin 
Ha, I'm not sure excited is the word, but he definitely gets more engaged and knows what he wants to say.
you're welcome!
You can't fuck wit the #Bulls bitches!!!
#NoManShouldEver criticize before fully understanding
Just refilled my brita while making dinner tonight.
What a great evening in with and others in 70° breeze at Let us repeat.
I gave him a cracker, humph! And he had a can of sirloin steak dog food.
Free U-Swirl for our Foursquare mayors today for Mayor Monday! Not a mayor? No problem, you can still get 10% off by checking in to U-Swirl.
lol super bored.
5,000 word strategic comm paper on and their commericals = done! fingers crossed for an A.
Connector away from Charlotte!
Air conditioning Restaurant Refrigeration Services 617-792-3350 Boston
Shame on you! Shitty beer has been like a brother to you! RT I take a stand against shitty beer..I'm done
RT : Value-added modeling 2 evaluate teachers: right direction, but still need 2 look @ big picture - quality & approach-...
I don't really know. Lol I'm getting jj lyrics on my arch though. Its gonna be cute.
sad to hear of the passing of MCA. Gonna be missed RIP!
damn - I thought you meant in Chicago... didn't realize you were in Boston. That doesn't help me at all.
William Hill Having Tough Time Getting Nevada License: Under Intense Scrutiny
RT : Ed: "Do you know this pastor?" Jesse Jackson: "No, I've never heard of him before." LOL. Classic, subtle backhand...
nice new pic
There's no Special reason for this msg, I juz wanna steal a single moment out of ur busy life & hope I can make u smile n say: I Miss U.
Anytime, great night!
Can Corey Hart be shipped to an electro-shock therapy treatment center to lay off the down-and-away breaking ball?
It's better 2 walk a mile alone than 2 be tripped at the finish line by 2 or 3. But if You should fall get up & finish~ Stacey Chatman
i wanna see 21 jump street(:
yes please (:
Anyone want a video? (: i'm making them right now.
khloe and lamar are so cute.
when's ur new album coming out?
The Bill Cospanini Show
wow thanx so much!
RT : What an amazing piece on Steve Gleason.
Looking forward to Andrew Garfield playing in the upcoming New York Observer biopic, "Salmon"
Always give without remembering and always receive without forgetting. Brian Tracy
I just seen the gayest straight Guy ever!!!
Love this: "DISCOVERY" RT : reiterates the shift from search to discovery shared in emerging trends
god morning to you too! Kool-aid makes drinking water fun (and is much better than a pickleback, lol)
Beautiful 3pointer from Kobe!!!
You don't like them disses, give my ass some kisses (:
thanks, I'm just now seeing this
why do u not care for Childress? I know you mentioned specifically as HC but was it him personally ?
This is the strangest ballot I've ever seen. If I vote no on 26-130, will there be an influx of sideshows?
I love what you do for people
You wanna play games ? Oh, I got yo number all right. Fine. I'll call a true friend like RoxDan. Giving me the bitch button, plz! ;)
Welcome back Alex Gonzales to the #Brewers Tuesday--INF Eric Farris back to A Nashville Starting a 9-game homestand
Good night (:
I'd prefer to run the #13.1 with the sun out. #Running is always better when it is sunning out...wah wah Charlie Brown.
New Year's SUPER SALE! Book this week and save 75% off any event in January or February!!! This week only!!!
nice! But
make sense for the current environment. It's not built for mental health.
I KNOW!!! Be back at the end of May... We'll burn it down then! RT “: rockin Charlotte. How are u not here?”
got you bro!
that's the damn truth. do good work. connect at the heart. tell the story that matters. watch brand grow.
Now, that's a bummer we can identify with!
Junior Seau was always one of my favorite Backyard Football players
The real revolution is information, not the device. 2 things 2 do w/devices: information or communication. Alan November
Possibly just ate my weight in chips and salsa.
#Computer stuff we found funny in 1995: Computers are not intelligent; they only think they are. / File Not Found - should I fake it?
Men are slower to recognize blessings than misfortunes.
Might not be the same for you, but for me there are few phrases more cringeworthy than "discerning hipster." Probably because I'm neither.
we now live in a provincial society of lynch mobs w iPhones
yeah for other fat cats and not for the people of USA but maybe for countries overseas
So who coming out the West now?.
Someone said to me, "You're too pretty to be single." I said, "No, I'm too pretty to be lied to, cheated on, and played with."
#HungerGames = Best movie in the world ! ♥♥
too bad you're not on this season of fringe! Last Fridays episode was AMAZING!!!
hey i know u and why do u say that?
First amendments would clarify that religious organizations are exempt from bill
Damn, my biggest fear is losing it all..
You can wipe off make up, but you can't wipe off confidence.
Tucker misses FG wide right. (Hey, better today than on Thanksgiving.)
Next Friday
I'm pretty sure the only time I've really listened to them was with your wife.
My list of ppl imma work with from Pittsburgh gets shorter everyday...these niggas are phonies
Got my graphics thing handled. Thanks.
Amile Jefferson (2012) says that he'll hopefully have a decision by next week.
Boston looks unstoppable.
Hey Ash. Seen the movie yet? How was it? Was it awesome? Hahaa too many questions.
In bed before 9pm? I think so!
"if u can't feed yur baby!Then don't have a baby!!!l
RT I will be there for opening night!!!
Did a semi trial run today of what life will be like on the Fruit Feast in a couple of weeks. The world does not need me that hyper.
Puzzled by argument that marginalization of military history began in 60s. Evident in early manifestos for professional history.
alright then. You should go earlier to school so you can get things done.faster o:
I often say embarrassing things that I should regret and do regret when people start reminding me about it.
I totally agree!
King of the hill
Now Following
Finally here!
I know they've had few heart wrenching moments this season, but when they're on I *love* watching this Spartan bball team.
I might watch Avengers tonight. So excited! said it's a nice movie and I believe her! Can't wait to watch it. :D
working on coming to mobile soon . . . we are in Baton Rouge tonight and then Jackson next Friday.
I can't figure out the difference between a $200 & a $1500 Martin except I thought the may have sounded a little better ?!?
Im bout jump n sum girl window n eat her out then leave. lol
Are you a maven? A doer? A salesperson? Because the future belongs to those influential few.
Blag more, plz. I like peering into that wonderful/frightening mind of yours.
How easy is it to break into personal systems. If anyone feels the need use me as a guinea pig and send me one of my files. I'm curious.
Nah you just know how to have fun ;)
Dale Dillback and Brendon Huff should be my two bffffs
When I see some demos I'll be the first to know! But I'm convinced it's possible, just not trying to cram book onto screen.
I wish i was strong enough, to hold up not one but both of us. Someday ill be strong enough, to hold up not one but
follow back please:)
I've read that book! It's really good!
Go Cowboys! Ah ha
nope that's you!
I sure haven't seen anyone tweeting "Sharon/Victor yay!"
I hope I can go to Vegas next week.
ay bro soon as i get home imma email you another beat. What time u gonna hit the studio?
You know it gurll
I got your profile pix hanging on my living too wall. It's,a,DJ painting
I haven't danced since May of last year. That could only be disastrous lol
Today is National "Eat what you want day!"
Someday, you're gonna wind up all alone, and you'll have no one to blame but yourself.
a few of our bands were playing and we got a deal on a booth.
haha it was so beautiful :D do you like rhcp?
“Stick with friends who saw you, when nobody else did, and who were true from the very start.”
Casting new reality show! Do you have a friend in a destructive relationship? Email your story:
I really dont think the Browns had to trade up but Good pick
i like RNG and all dont get me wrong, but they will neeeevvvvver replace the boyz to me. EVER.
Rain ruins everything -_-
I LOVE her fashion and I would love to meet her & possibly raid her closet=) lol Dolly definitely a
Nobody is eating $60 million over three years on an uninsured contract.
Had the most amazing Firewalk this weekend. Thank you NY/NJ for playing full out! 5000 firewalkers WOW!!
what's that suppose to mean?
just been coasting
Everyone hates the person who picks Freebird on Guitar Hero, TRUTH.
Love you uncle W.C.
No Timbelt in the Supershuttle, so I'll have to settle for a seatbelt!
Just trying to keep things exciting. I already know TinCaps win 6-5.
Headed to the and Howard University "Green is the New Black” Symposium! Should be very interesting!
S/o TO MY SHOOTERS!
Omg, just worked out with my mama and sisters and haven't laughed so hard in my entire life. I couldn't even work out good enough lmbo!
I've gotta get me some sleep...got school tomorrow...
After this week, I think I shall take a day of rest:). I believe I've earned it. Enjoy your Sunday!
dear I am SO HAPPY you released the #1thatgotaway the video made me cry. It's my favorite song by you and I love you. Take care<3
I would answer but
My day is done. Weekend starts now (what's left of it anyway)
Epicc ;) Can't wait for 19th May <3 x
u would ride anyones board
Nutella all over your face
Nice man, what are you doing today?
Thanks for the follow. Your online customer acquisition solution seems revolutionary!
It makes me laugh every time I see a recruiting guy say a kid is visiting a school during an ncaa dead period. Somebody is not telling truth
Lots of Labor Day liners from all your favorite artists, as well as stories about work, up now in Artist Audio!
will do mate, glad you enjoyed! Thanks for stopping by.
Kyle Wiltjer made 80 shots today in a five-minute shooting drill (missing only three). A new record according to Calipari.
Stress, stress everywhere. Jugar algo de
Although I'm not sorry to be missing the freezing overnight shoots this december. Even though the full moon shots and scenes look killer.
Iim sitting here being bored to death.. All I c is a bunch of drugies being checked and there all like u a nigga u put me in jail and (con)
And the buzz-word of the day is... "Turn-key solutions"
“: The Kia Optima ad is ridiculous: driving a POS car gets you girls cheering in bikinis #sad” I love your sense of humor dear!
Heading out with
Aw :), thanks for the love! "GAH! must you be so adorable!? I absolutely love your voice!"
#heatnation we have the confidence to face any team in the league right now.
I need help with my chemistry homework!! It will be the death of me! Anyone want to help... :c
Excused from all my classes minus science and math because I'm setting up for the art show
And we appreciate your food! Keep sending out winners!
yes I am 13:)
We desire nothing so much as what we ought not to have.
girl i do! thats like why i cant loss those pesky 5lbs LOL
Love that place!
Highlights that LAMs are of special importance in a reworked copyright framework -- leaving things as is is not okay.
Happy birthday to Glad to see you doing your thing, man.
I've been told that babies come from Lebanon
people will still go but I think it's dwindled the past handful of years... Just my opinion (and #GoSox).
Heath Bell will blame Marlins Park for blowing this game as well.
I use Android TweetDeck with text size 22!
says, "Stay in the conversation" RT "Social media is about the conversation" ~
Great self control in not hitting the dump button when Andy North said "You change producers." Hah He obviously doesn't know!
Why am I supposed to care about prison overcrowding? Cuts to reform programs & staffing concern me. But too many bunks in a room? Seriously?
Great word. Thanks for the reminder.
please please follow me ♥
How can Angie live in NOLA & be so skinny?
m... eight kind followers!
HI! HOW ARE U?
me too. just love him
Girlfriends' Comin Over
OMG! I'm getting the craziest followers!!!
Won't see my sister this weekend cause she has to babysit :(
open now and tell me what's inside lol
Gr8I time w/ wife & friends after
Sounds like a nice little Saturday : musta been the coaching.6 o'clock I'll be getting a beer
Oh, you only live once? I had no idea, please tell me more..
Get with the movement, uptowning on these clowns
cont. "give a generic email 4 ur company where bid opps can go in case u change jobs ..."#sdp2p cont.
thank u! Have a good show tonight!
I just saw the movie Limitless on Netflix, great movie, highly recommended. My Thanksgiving is going very very well, how about yours!
#TheSkipTebowLeBronMovie. Father son and holy ghost. Tebow, the father, skip, the son who loves tebow unconditionally...
HAPPY FRIIIIIIIIIIDAAAAAAAAYYYYYY!!!! *shimmies*
I could sell everything I own and get in line for one. HA
No problem, Rick. Good to see you and congrats on the paper being published. When is it out? PR Journal?
Looking forward to coming to my #MKTG118 class tomorrow night. Maybe and will write about it!
Acting is a process. At times a very painful 1. Just reminded of that working thru a new piece. Good to have supportive people in ur corner.
Nice relaxing night at home with my sweetheart, 2 poodles & good TV
No I am single, we are just really close friends.
we're getting the gang back together!!
I can't wait for the CSA Fair! So much fresh produce, I already have the recipe books out, ready to go.
"People you ask for money give advice. People you ask for advice give money."
I always know when I'm getting sleepy. I start itching all over my body.
do you like ignoring me? I love you ok 
Happy May Day!!
I'm wearing sunglasses tomorrow cus I miss wearing sunglasses.lol
Good Morning
Frances is ready for her SKYPE meeting w/ the Wells Seminar class tonight!!
RT: : Amen --> RT : I don't have time to hate people who hate me cause I'm too busy loving people who love me.
If they can't get at least a second rounder would be stupid to trade him, just to trade him.
If there is a worse time for something to go wrong, it will happen then.
Who will sell more jerseys this NFL season - Peyton Manning or Tim Tebow? ...
I agree! RT : Student loan debt surpassed credit card debt this year.
Thanks for the mention, Mike!
That girl in ur class who never shuts her mouth, cause she wants all the attention..
take it easy on those $4 white mochas.
BOOKED the lead in MAC and CHEESE, a New York Film Academy Thesis directed my Emre Lufte Cicek using the red camera. Shooting begins Feb 1!
Like really I know #76ers are not going to win. Come on #Celtics!!!!!
When do I get my 3rd place prize? ": Drew took first! Luck of the Irish."
Cookie Monster on stage at #TEDMED! Tells ultra marathoner Scott Jurek he's also in training for ultra marathon race.
a peaceful sovereign. There is a hint if u want to google that hint.
M delicious beers and board games.
wow he's bold #Reggie'sFirstChoice
Hey thanks for the follow!
I was sleeping to damn good now I'm up smh
yeeah same here!
THE TRANSITION continues ... Hard to endure - can be harder to observe! Smh
This is how we do it!
I hope it'll smash radio like Stronger.
hmm, that's no bueno, but okay! :D
Jose Daniel Ferrer. What about his Reproductive Rights?
curly hair tomorrow :)
son I've been practicing nd I think im ready to battle you on the dance floor lol
I hate that Kesha gave them the satisfaction of tears
A super belated & super happy birthday to one of our favorite Columbusites! xo
So glad that my husband can join me on Twitter! I love you :)
Headed in to Augusta National for some golf today.
lol theres alot of shit peeps dont like about the cat! we jjust focus on not hating and making good music. congrats on the book
Louisville does
My swaggz to the Max!!!
How is everyone today?
Time for proposal writing. ;-)
Congratulations! Good luck for June 1st :) Very exciting
this morning it was 2Pac. Wonder what all this gangsta rap means?
Phoenix and Utah play in Salt Lake next Tuesday on TNT. That might give us the verdict on the #Twolves pick...
stop ruining my good name.
Come on seriously its November & its already snowing? Well isn't that Indiana for ya?!
I'm gonna make it anyway.
Weed: smiling and hungry; alcohol: dizzy, throwing up, hungover; which one sounds better lol
would i ever do something REALLY awful like squat and relieve myself into a plastic bag because the toilet's resiliently clogged?
The Ducks then the Stars
What are y'all doing to honor American Craft Beer Week? To start, we raise a glass to founder Capt Frank, #craftbeer pioneer
I wonder how is doing?
awesome! Hope to chat with you there!
#instaception is the proper tag, I believe.
Happy Birthday James - hope you and the family are doing well :)
I'm Lucille ball tonight for a murder mystery dinner party and I can't find a 50's dress. Atleast I have red lipstick and know how to cry.
Feels good to still be left in the us open cup
A really scintillating collection of literary criticism going out on the $3 cart today. Act fast!
lol, I thought u said u wanted a bomb ass asian chick lol
Yes, Chicago will be using SODA 2.0. I sent you a write up on the enhancements via email.
RT : websites. (do people still have those?) #12ntcredesign if they need em, our nonprofit makes em for other nonprofits!
You want the most powerful WordPress theme for your WP-as-CMS needs? You better check out
I know, it's a ton! I try my best, but haven't done it to my satisfaction yet. It's something I'll be talking about at
my guess is since the company involved is based in the U.S. It's not considered an import. assuming it's an American car company?
I hawk lots of lugi in your yard weekly. That's why your flowers are so nice. :P
RT : Study : NYC’s standalone middle schools do worse job educating students than schools w/ K-8 under 1...
After two years as a starting guard at De La Salle, Jaylon Tate will join an already loaded Simeon squad.
whoo sleep walking
One of the many reasons why 's set at #SEMF2012 is ruling hard: he ain't got a MacBook Pro on stage with him!
I am done with just dance 3
Parsons: #data #citation needs to increase in order to justify costs of data management.
It's like deer creek '09 all over again
ha is that right???
nun much
Tickets are now available for Wonder in Maliceland, 5-H8-5's versus Rottenchesters! Saturday, June 12th! rocderby.com
Spotify was the coolest thing ever until they started putting commercials in to my playlists. What the heck happened?
Back in Atlanta and my bed is calling my name!!!!
Just voted yes for SLA's proposed new name Association for Strategic Knowledge Professionals.
ill rt yours for mine lmao :)
well, the lecture is really boring, and then there's a physics midterm today and everyone is busy last-minute studying.
"We are plants which must with our roots rise out of the earth in order to bloom in the ether and bear fruits." Johann Peter Hebel
I need a dinner buddy. Totally trying to stuff my face right now!
&& people with slow cameras<<
Happy birthday to my bro !
That is fabulous news! He is great to work with!
#NP best day ever by
sorry - just got back on twitter - sounds busy! i think teens make a up huge portion of our study room users
"muffins" is one of those words that is hard to say in anger. try it, it just cannot be done.
Tonight on I REMEMBER, the author of "Bay View" joins Jim Peck to talk about its history and strong sense of community. At 6:30 on MPTV 10.
Archives forever workshop...unfortunately seems to be a product pitch? For a good product, but not one I'm likely to be able to buy
gotcha! Ok thanks!
Well, there's one plus side ;)
Following back.
I'm doing ok. are you still in vegas stripping or in your hometown? do you travel?
the lack of production with runners in scoring position is starting to become a concern
I get , nice dev work & benefit to the food truck owners & consumers. Efficient for both sides. Good job team!
#LeapDay babies! Stop in and see us tomorrow for your free brownie or blondie. Show us your id and maybe we'll even sing. Happy Birthday!
going to ITALIAN FESTIVAL COME OUT AND JOIN US.. IT WILL BE FUN.. LOOK FORWARD TO C'N U THERE..CIAO
You punking me out?? Hm??
Norman Maclean~ It is those we live with and love and should know who elude us.
Andrew Johnson held every elective office at the local, state, and federal level, including President of the United States.
To my Canadian friends...why is your beer so expensive?!
Son left his A Farewell to Arms on my desk...my favorite novel ever...it's all I can do not to blow off the day and re-read it.
I am empowered by compassion and my gift is passive resistance.
Gettin my streak for cash started in true #boss fashion, taking #Punxsutawney to not see his shadow tomorrow
RT : "Kick your knees up, step in time!"
lol. Woodie is my homie. Don't want nothing to happen to him!
So i hear it's Mother's Day in America so.. Happy Mother's Day to all the Mummy's. ~Leanne<21
So much hate for Justin Vernon's combover!
But liberals can explain the cooperation among humans against zombies. Shaun of the dead a great example!
#TruthIs you weren't the one...sorry
Homework is gay as hell.
DC: Fenty vs Gray, the case of the tortoise and the hare! GRAY all the way, 2010! When can all settle in for RABBIT STEW!! m GOOD....
post the picture or it didn't happen! ;)
ice and snow in farm world in Texas..twice this year..unheard of...but a chance to just be quiet and be still. simply beautiful...
Think I might put down the Newports ... all herbal is the way
I've found myself pulling for Djokovic. I think this match is going the distance!
I gotta say that is making my life so much richer. And not just in donations! Thanks to you &
Princess Ladyfriend plays Chop Suey tonight! It's going to be blister-forming quasi-rock! Come out and literally get freaky with us!
see you guys at midnight, or sooner i hope!
OH: pretty sad we lost an hour.. can't wait to get him back.
Follow . They are building their following now and have big things coming soon to
#realtalk We aren't on twitter *something*
FREE 3 day FedEx Shipping through Wednesday!! Just use this promo code: H8993 at checkout.
please could i get a follow for my birthday<3 it would mean the world to me<33
(cont) the account holder so my mom & i are going back tomorrow. And I can't send pics that's why I'm getting it fixed lol
lmfao swag... Okay maybe ill allow you to follow my main twitter....
Is calling someone an earmarker the same as calling them a son of a bitch?!
Am I the only one enjoying this game? I love these close defensive battles and goalie duels
RT A 2-way transfer happens on the Cross: our sins are transferred to Him, and His righteousness is transferred to us.
Where's lunch?
looking forward to that.
Shorter Santorum: Racial profiling as public policy.
I'm about to tan as we speak ! Lol
Given a big shout out 2 my management..Kimberly strauss for a great red carpet event 2 nite and big ups 2 Said Faraj and Jesse Woodrow..
RT I seriously don't think I can watch anymore....
I think it s just the heat thats making my get tin BOOGIE,YEAH THATS RIGHT I LOVE THE HEAT...... boogie nights are the best and funky
thanks! How's parenthood treating you?
Oh hey, btw we have those mouth watering burgers you've been dreaming about. Come try one of our specials or make one yourself! Open til 8!
Dos Hermanos is closing down? Where did you hear about it? What am I going to do on Saturday mornings now? No!
#netflix streaming options suck.
haha i forgot that game!!!! lost nono in the 6th?? that sucked
How close am I till graduation?
LOVE the series already I think it sounds right up my alley. My life is full of irony. If you only knew...
Yes. It all meets at the area under the staircase. Lots of outlets there too.
Damn you, Grey's!!!!
I feel the weight of the polish :( Wondering if it's because I work with my hands on very small stuff a lot.
good morning .
haha let's see it:)
I'm weird cause I hate goodbyes
Is your faith anchored enough to sustain increase? Or do you have to stay low to stay close to God?
Weekday special: How about our $4.99 lunch special. Soup, salad with our Fuji dressing & chicken fried rice. Our doors swing open at 11:30.
One more hour and I'm out of the cube.
I have not been blogging much lately but up to some wonderful things with Mr.
Uhm, like 3 days ago.. the most shoutouts is like 30 from someone..
Thanks! I took a look at the app. not too expensive, so I might get it!
Librarian peeps, have u done any formal networking? how is it different to manage from causal kind? Thoughts or Advice 2 new librarians?
Deez Nuts. Belize Nuts. Fucking get with it.
Shettima: Private companies are now bidding for money to implement donor programs in country, contractor models
ok...what time of day works good for you?
Pulling some duty on the night before commencement. It's more fun than "work" should be on a Friday night.
Scrubs!!!!! RT : Oh my god me and suited out for nothing! ????
whatever put if throw up again you need to eat!
= b-beautiful e-energy l-lovely l-lovable a-active
Our partner is on stage discussing the challenges of a hyperconnected world.
are you related to Al Ries the author/marketer? An attendee asked. :)
According to the news, Ukrainian women are so badass right now.
¿De q pueblo eres?
If you haven’t attended our Bingo Bonanza during our Super Shopper events, October 23rd is the day to start! And did we mention it’s free?
In honor of Cinco De Mayo I shall eat a taco.
You a #Mahomie? Then why aren't you following>>>>
I will be socializing with folks at #heweb12 but not presenting...
those five words just brought me back to my teen years, and yes - the best naps ever.Amazing.Thanks.(changing channel now...)
that would make just a tad of fkn sense.
It's Festivus Eve.....the suspense is killing me.
Labrador Retriever + Curly Coated Retriever = Lab Coat Retriever, the choice of research scientists
Thank the lord for waking me up #retweet if u feel the same.
The question is not how to get managers' emotional commitment but why manager's don't give it even if they like their company.
So glad you had a great week!
it was the Barfield years. We really weren't thinking straight. I'll say this as an AU grad, it is funny.
NP Make it like it was
Bye atl....I got wat I needed now going back home to dream bigger and make it happen!
Where That Fight Party At Bruh¿
Amazing idiots in LA paid $1000.00 + per seat to watch a fight and spend more time trying to see their self on the jumbo-tron lol
working on some new stuff :) hopefully well have a new record by the summer
The church behind me tolls its bells at noon (rock and folk) and at 6pm (gospel) Monday-Friday. It's so lovely.
#Pitts, Honeyed Words. Urban fantasy with Canadian dragon-slaying lesbian sword&blacksmith on a Dukati. What could be bad? 2d of at least 3.
is on it's way now that it's the month of May! who's going?!
who's your preferred Rangers FA target?
Spring fashion = Yikes! Color-blocking? High waisted pants? Sea foam green? Some fashion trends should NOT be repeated.
I really can't respect her for that though because it's not even constructive..it's just catty
Tell That Fool To Call Me!
What is your take on this heightened interest in Trey Dickerson?
yeah but there is nothing to not like about you!:) please follow me Alex?<3
lol yeah I move jobs quickly but not that fast. I just got off not too long ago.
In the case of my site, mobile users get the exact same content, just sized & presented appropriately for their device.
oh I always put off novel revisions till the end! :)
Advice ; never get your cartilage done. So much pain and awkwardness.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! Love you sis!
when will mlb salaries and game structure info for Opening Day be launched? Day of? Will there be any big deposit bonuses? :)
showing respect. I recognize your grind. Looking forward to seeing you expand into even greater heights.
-- the moon's coolness / on that leaf, this leaf / not only light #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
We would like to welcome our new SayBayBee friends! And yay! It is the weekend! Anyone have any exciting plans?
You are!
Miami baby
where u at these days??
no problem:)
Goodnight Darlings!!! :) SO Happy that my big sis got her phone back! :) AH! My bday week is gonna be FINE now ~:)
Bare Bones Graphics, Albuquerque's Printer, Providing -Large Format Four Color Offset Press, Digital Printing, Screen Printing for T-shirts…
It's not a heart attack... it's good d@#k... your welcome
does bluetooth work with 3.0 on the nook color?
Made it! Now it's time to get cooking. Oh and go unabashedly mention to NYC that Portland got robbed at JBF awards!
I'm at a Case Western Reserve University business school party on the Eastside, I'm positive my IQ is the lowest in the room.
so far so good!! Ask Malcolm about his neighbors!!!!
great atmosphere at Staples for #lakings games...what about football in the cold, chicago, green bay, buf etc.?
Thnx for all the follows! Make sure you @ us soo we can follow back. . .
😏Shut up John. You go to BETA
Having a good morning?
Christmas partying tonight ?
": Thanks babe!! I'm think I love that place!" We would love to have you!
Metta World Peace and Laker coach Mike Brown reportedly met and are cool after Artest's mentioned Browns past as just a "video coordinator."
Bout to eat to eat finally!!!
Or should we thank ? If you're not already doing so, I'd recommend following him. Provides great insight on SM.
We answer your twitter questions tonight at 11:35 with Already got some Blazers questions so tweet us more. Mix it up!
that's awesome! Thanks!
Thank you for sharing Mathew with us!
They got us doing some hard Algebra 2 homework!
Thanks those guys look interesting.
we are in!!! Game on!
I feel it won't be practical during winter, but I still really want one. lol
St. Patrick may have used the shamrock to illustrate the Holy Trinity doctrine-leaves separate yet joined together in a single stem.
If it is possible for any one person, it is possible for me. ~Frederich Neitzsche
Thank you for the RT! Have a pleasant evening.
Hey all you crazy people! Don't forget to write down 's Silent Library episode on your calendars! March 31st at 7:00 PM! :)
I may not be there today, but I always end up on top.
Ugh! I missed pretty little liars again?! 👊
Text from my buddy: "Watching Inception w my dad. I have to stop and explain every 3 minutes."
Ohmygosh the photog commentary is crazy. RT : our favorite line so far: "out of NOWHERE!"
I JUST WANNA PLAY SIMS WITHOUT YOU AND JUDGING MD
Have totally thought of that. He went to HS with like my whole family. We'll sing soporific campfire tunes in his honor.
Light that baby up! Halos offense comes up big and we have a winning streak.
Wow your pics are so random! Alohas from
Ok I'm beyond over being sick. It's supposed to be 73 and nothing but ☀ today
#lt that rant video is so relevant. everyone should check it out
how is LA noire? I've been meaning to check it out.
ya will do....but dude....I'm interested in yo beats....how much you sellin yo beats for and where can I find the ones you sellin?
I love ! So happy to have you in Louisville
i loved tonights episode of Big Time Rush!!! Can't wait till next episode!!!
Is the Indiana State Library jobs page at Webjunction not working for anyone else?
Yup, I "see" music as shapes. Would rather have sound and smell.
It's because the R and D's are small minded!
right? west coast is slippin a bit right now.
Moving out is the biggest bitch ever
I love to stay on top of #celebrities ChaCha Users Predict Kim Kardashian Divorce HOLLYWOOD--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ChaCha users predicted Kim
I think your #NewYearsResolution should be to visit Lemon Grove more often!
I hate shitty days.
Well, on a bright note, the Pirates were kind enough 2 give my fantasy team 35 points tonight. Ofcourse, courtesy of Strasburg and Rodriguez
Lunchin' at 310 W. Wisconsin today for Notes @ The Blue. The new, 6-week music series starts at 11:30am w/ Dave Miller Experience & Friends.
Be sure to stop by and see Kristie! RT Presenting at the undergraduate conference ! Come watch in C308!
GOOGLE: The First Version Of Google TV Was A Mess, And Here&#39;s How We&#39;re Going To Fix It
girl i did!! So good m
Donna's service was perfect. I need more of you in my calendar. xx
Good afternoon twitter! What's everyone up to this weekend? 😃
my friend wants to do a cover of a song......any suggestions????? reply :D
I might just be the rudest person you'll ever meet #sorryNotSorry lol
haha it's almost like the Seahawks are a real playoff team
Having a good day. Besides a slightly awkward part. But it's all god!!!!! Lolz =)
thanks girl!! Keep suggesting ;)
S/O to Foxcroft for the special gift 4 attendees @ "Power Play: Up Close with Women in the #Golf Industry" event next week!
Ughh and my mom is the MOST annoying person in the world right now. I wish she would leave me be.
Calm down people I was in class and in a hurry to make a point basically there are way too many people without jobs doesn't justify one job
Really suing? Will that solve the problem or extract a # of flesh?
Great! Let us know how things turn out.... RT : Yes, thanks! 's in charge now.
your moms pretty good...LOOKING.
Hey , thanks for the 4 free songs from :)
Why awake? Ugh.
Take back your country? From other Americans? Please explain!
"Let's get the details of Miami's trade," says Chris Berman. "Oh wait, we dont have them." How do you not have the details?!?! You're ESPN!
I should be an actor but im scare that i won't remember shit.
Will be in town in Sept. #GreaterThan will get u right. Andrew Massey is also big fan. Gotta try it!
yup..he looked funny standing when we met him..lol
it's still only like 60 here you're not missing much lol
The lever of a subway hand-sanitizing station which is out of product has to be one of the most germ-infested 2 inches on the planet
My mom is tryna preach to me n
Working late into the night to bring you exciting new tees.
good cause your boyfriend is feeling a little rejected over here! he's been so lonely :( & my mom and britt miss you too !
Bullshit it will :)
Woo Fuck U Bitch!
Hope to get a chance to say hello!
haha okay deal!
Strike while the iron is hot.
Love my iPhone!!
YOU WATCH SHERLOCK?!
I get so pissed every mornin when my alarm goes off
Seriously. Seems like 18 games should be more important than 4... Though UW has certainly benefitted from that before...
Chase money triple g mbk da movement
Just got done watching footage from the sitcom I'm directing. So good!
m For me it doesn't. :(
Register today for the Meet & Match Speeding Event March 10th must rsvp at www.tri-statespeeddating.com
wow......total fail. its cool tho, i forgive you.
Plz RT! a block away from the Zoo offering full 3course dinner for just $18 to our nation's veterans and soldiers!
I hate you
! RT : Research suggests that taking dogs to work reduces stress in workplace and increases satisfaction.
+1 RT : Took turning 25 to earn the wife's Twitter endorsement. #wisdom RT #FF Why? It's his birthday, yo!
They say I walk around like I got a 'S' on my chest.
But my favorite line from any song will be. "Pop quiz tell me where we first kissed tell me where my spot is"
doctor feel good don't no him anymore
we have to start trending #highridgehotties from now on. I can fucks with it
Great promo for Draft Analyzer with ESPN Insider on ESPN.com's home page www.espn.com thank you and
#Fiction is about stuff that's screwed up.
Drunk girls are amusing!
I'm playing Xbox lol
shit then happy birthday boss lady!
FF usually is not much fun for me!! Haahahaha
Thanks. #FF to you too! Have a nice weekend.
suck a Wangatang
« #MyNextMan (if ever) won't mind picking my fro»««««« lmao this just so funny to me
Fab Design Tip: Use porcelain tile for more durability. There are many options to choose from that look like real stone.
One of those nights where I hate being single :/ RT if u know the feeling
The Family Gay episode of Family Guy is HILARIOUS. Omg.
RIP BIGGIE MARCH 9 AMAZING RAPPER DIED AS YOU ALL PROBABLY KNEW
Ice cream at Tillamook Cheese factory, answering questions about a database license renewal. Now back on the road.
Not wit me now n I wunder if u think of me. I think of u sometimes and da image of u loving him plays n my head. U messd up n lost a real
thanks a lot!!!!
“: "Somebody forgot the corkscrew and for several days we had to live on nothing but food and water." ~W. C. Fields”
My mom asked about my grades. I replied, "Cs get degrees."
Definitely well-deserved and heartfelt! Should give urself more credit than u do!
Great meeting you at the #nflcombine , David. And thanks for the connection! -
ur so pretty in it and vinny looks hot!:)lol
I finally feel whole again. <3
Just loving the good folks and the cool work they are doing
Looking for the Hottest Gay Places in Florida visit www.hottestgayplaces.com
Hello TWITTER! Brand Name Punk is here!
We eloped. Brought a cake that said "Congrats" to my grandmas house that night, and when I told her why she cried happy tears!
Couple having curse filled intense argument in the terminal here at sea-tac. Sounds great
0001-Awh yur pretty!! Ill ship you with Liam Payne
I have the munchies like a bitch
Just spend 2 hours looking for a dead deer by the river.
Yes #Rays .... Love small market clubs. Amazing comeback, now finish & win.
UNBROKEN OUT SEPTEMBER :)
OKAY OKAY OKAY THIS MOVIE ROCKS
Hanging out at jiffy lube. These are my people.
Why does my ****in teacher call me and says good morning when it's midnight at my place??...... Plz some advice guys!
Another day Another dolla! Whats up Tweeters?
oh me too, they are all sweethearts. I hope the get big, they deserve it. (:
Safe travels, Dmitry! Seattle is waiting for you! :-)
it's alright you probably didn't want those numbers anyway lol
Thanks for the follow
it was from a photoshoot in 2010
hey if ur by a tv there's going to be a story about youth going to help tornado victims at 6 and at 6 am
How do u get random pplz on da train to stop talkin to u without be o.d rude
Thinking is one thing no one has ever been able to tax. –Charles Kettering
TONIGHT@ CLUB ELEGANCE WEAR PAJAMA/LINGERIE & RECEIVE FREE ENTRY!!!!! $5 ADMISSION!!!! $5 ADMISSION!!!!! $5 ADMISSION!!!!!
Work was amazing tonight but I'm glad to be back in btown! <3
RT : how more country can it get "Worldwide" yeeeeeeeeeee haw Shake It Girl !!!!
when guys don't treat my friends like they should <<<
Just finished up with #ralph plumb, passive online income anybody? ;) #lordsugar next,
“: S/o to for her birthday! Can you believe I met you 5 years ago? #goodtimes” holy fuck really?
Campus leadership often has little understanding of what #civeng looks like in diff contexts... at
Looking forward to it! RT : I'll be joining the super team on Monday. I can't freaking wait!
Sad reading.... journalists should never die for such a thankless Job
The funny thing is I would not be shocked if Valentine sanctioned that hit...that is however not a compliment. He is a total joke.
congrats! Undeath is awesome too!
Love is dead to me because of you... </3
Dear FB User: You are a film critic in the same way I say I'm from Chicago even though I live in Batavia.
Made dinner tonight at the Ronald McDonald house.. such a good experience!
u r gonna rock in buffalo! cant wait to see ya out there when this lockout business is done. play hard son!
Just Arrived back early this AM from NYC Fashion Week Anna Sui Show and Odd Molly Presentation on Yesturday was FAB!.
connecting with nature does editing good!
Np sail on- commodores
HA, I was going to say...
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain but it takes character and self control to be understanding and forgiving. - Dale Carnegie
All I can really say about today is whatever. Ugh.. I'll work it off at the gym later. #aggravated😠
Goodnight sugar daddie ;)
Meeting with the web developer went great! Next stop Le Style Bank to update their mannequins then off to another meeting.
Was it the Swedish version or the US version? We watched the US version and I think the other one is probably 2.34times better
Hi Wendy, just watched the trailer - looks fantastic...can't wait to see it!
Get that boy some #Windex #Marshal is
39 songs on my iPod . Whipee 😒
I love it! Have a safe drive.
RT : Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. - Philo
Thank you for your RT's - we, so appreciate you!
eyes or ears or however anyone kept up with the game, it was all bad
dear iPhone, I took you for granted. Im already lost without you
Each day grows perceptibly warmer
"The working girl gets a head the spoiled girl sits on the side" words of wisdom
Only friends you can trust are the ones that like having you around.
TRUE story...if only Nina (RIP) were here to put those crazy divas in their place today!
Runway Towing Company literally wait for an accident and your vulnerability when injured. Drivers be careful!
RT : Today in #Herstory: In 1939 nylon stockings first sold in the U.S.
hopefully, I've been traveling a bit & writing a lot! I wanna release something soon though!
finished one in Norman Saturday doing a remodel in Windsor Hills next!!!!! Call us if you need good reliable help!!!
put your hands up in the air. put your hands up in the air.
Today get a Green Or Red Chile Cheese Dog fries and a drink for only 6.50
I could definitely go for some breakfast pizza...where's Granny when you need her
At Least It's Hump Day :)
haha tell her "hey im Austin Mahone and ya u cant say no to me" lol jk
I am the sender. I was told I can't start investigation. This all started with the worst service ever at a local hub.
Your beautiful, inside & out.
Need something strong like a hurricane to wash away my pain.
god why cant she be her right now like
told u so
"We were here before wall st. We are here to take the power back!!!"
I liked ur comments at SD Econ development hearing re fighting poverty in SD w/good paying jobs. Let's make them good green jobs.
Would love that RT : I'd love to see the Colts come out and say, "Just kidding, we're taking RG3."
I'm going to start tweeting on this account more. It needs a little more love. Don't you agree?
Laid back;-)
hi sorry i couldnt tweet bck
Watching God of Love
CANT WAIT TILL THIS PARTY START
you wanna kic it ? Don't you do something music related?
Dx i wish but im fucking tiered, but maybe ill go cause you know your mom wants me haha j/k
*throws holy juice on you* > RT Dick me zown den!
Immediate need! 10-15 Clinical Nextgen EMR consultants. Please send resume, availibilty and rate to
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make. - Les Brown
aw nuts
just bought your new single "Healer" from iTunes, you are so awesome! Thanks for loving Jesus
haha Sweden goes hard!! :) please follow me <3 oh how was your day guy?
Back from Jersey. No time to rest though-headed to the Garden for Game 2....
Giving up doesn't all ways mean that your weak, some times it means your just strong enough to let it go.
Sleepless night for cpope
Nothin like drinking some tea. To help me feel better.
Twitter jail??? Yikes. Hope they pay for your meds!
Should I bring that with, me?
I know. It's awful and I need to change it. I just don't have anything right now.....give me some time :(
Is it just me, or did redesign?
Give your gums a fighting chance with Arestin: www.arestin.com
Oh my gosh...repeat business is amazingly awesome!!! Happy 4th everyone!!! Oh 1st band is warming up
time to see on valentine's day ;) meet n greet! ^_^ with and
true I feel u. How yo son been doing I kno he getting big
this girl tryna go out im tryna go to bed lol
I didn't get to get that cornbread from Carolina's Kitchen. 😔
Okay, just one more. Rick James Taylor
make sure you and staff attend www.dynamicsbeautyexpo.com in miami beach FL June 24 and 25 2012
Happy to find you & follow your tweets!
haha did u go? Im going tirck or treating for sure tonight
Stage fright happens before you go on not while you are on. Life is the same...thinking about your future is always worse than what happens
Morning world!
Money is motivation
Drafts of KBS at smokin joes. I love some BCBS and parabola but this is my favorite barrel aged stout. Phenomenal.
Ate part of a burrito while watching dance videos. Not an inspiring combination. Switched to whiskey.
I'm doing a Q & A video, so ask me some more questions! ABOUT ANNYYYTHING! go go go! reply on here, or inbox me on youtube!
thanks ill do dat
-_- very helpful..hopefully over here cause i need some eye candy
Eye Catchin Media New Generation, New Visions!
That's cool. Good luck on that, maybe next year you can show.
Maybe my time will come
I'm not bord
#Bubba Watson delivers a #NASCAR driver-like personable, likable approach. #PGA Tour needs more guys like this to win.
this week needs to end. i hate school so much.
Sleep? That's a funny word I'm pretty sure thats what homework replaces
will announce soon just about to sign lease. You will be the first to know when I announce on twitter.Near Fanueil hall
Good morning loves XD
he gotta lose some time lol
Lost in the OC!
Yeah! RT : ": Happy Friday everyone! FunFact reached 300 Tweets this morning!" Go zoe, keep tweeting :)
What is your favorite use of social media?
happy mothers day :)
Wanting someone to party with but classy enough to take home
I hate to sound like Grammar Nazi, but every time someone begins a story with "Me and _____..." I immediately disregard what they say
oh MAN.. I feel for ya. Here's a prayer to the travel gods in your honor...
Nevada Ballet Theatre makes its #SmithCenter debut this weekend. Should be pretty phenomenal!
It's an Eric Church kind of Friday!...getting ready for Hodag even if it is 2.5 months away!
My squad way to gone
he got a 2012 Honda accord LE special edition.
voted this morning. Hope you win! Good luck !
Googling you is fun, there are some funny things that pop up!
Perhaps a blog post explaining your thoughts behind the name/brand?
Get famous on her own (like she already has) why does she need to be on The Voice? She's taking other peoples dreams from them. It's so dumb
“Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.” - Dr. Seuss
Sounds like a plan! or do what I did for every college paper senior year & work on your taxes AT the bar. It works I swear!
Yeah, normally I would have sent him too, if he didn't come to a complete stop between second and third.
Winter is coming.
Make sure you come to the baseball teams first game Thursday at 5:30.
AT&T's service in Chicago is such a joke
CAN u please follow she is a a huge
Evidently I'm also signed up as a facilitator for the unConference on Saturday from 9-12. Who knew?
nightingale! So lovely. Thanks for sharing this.
Good morning fashion luvers!!!! Lets have a fabulous day
Good Morning #Bear and #Bull Family!!
Pittsburgh behavioral economists, Baruch Fischhoff (of SDS!) speaking at Pitt cathedral of learning rm 817 at 2pm today
eww mine? Really? Your so nice! Maybe if I start hanging out with you more I'll become more pretty
#Breastfeeding photos - called obscene - pulled off Facebook? Really. The debate at 5:30 on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS.
San Diego, California Weather :: 67F PARTLY CLOUDY: 67F PARTLY CLOUDY
making roast leg of lamb, stuffing and potatoes. Some days, I like it that DH is gone all week.
what about electric blankets? No socks, no cold feet, no problem. ;)
Getting re-orders quickly- gunna start handing out awards to out Most Dedicated Fans
: aannnnnd, our new cd is coming out in a few weeks!!! Yay!!
Leggooooo #CELTICS!!!! They need to give my boy Johnson more burn you dig?
guess whos back back again hillys back tell a friend :D partayy for the next monthh
hmm, maybe I need to tweet mine too!!
And by 'in NY' I mean 'for NY'.
#Brewers sucked tonight.
STILL PARTYING TIL 2AM AT THE M RESORT ITS THE WILDEST CINCO FESTIVAL IN LAS VEGAS WITH THE CREW !
I saw it happen. Good stuff !
some peoples legs are like 7-11... they never close.
so sry i didnt get any nathan action for you! he was kinda distant=(
Tomorrow's L.A. Times...pick up a copy.
/ you brought up great points I hadn't thought about, sometimes friction helps polish stones. Thanks for your input!
&#39;American Idol&#39;: Name your Top 5 Power List!
Oops! Forgot the greek style green beans braised in our homemade tomato sauce is served with all of our dinner specials! Bring ur appetite!
Really fire works..im really not sleeping NOW!!!
i messed up and i know that, so stop blowing this way out of proportion
Can't you float?
Oh wait, they're going to throw to Roddy White?
Laying in bed blessed with the support from friends family and new fans of my music. Thank you everyone :)
[8 - 1] The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 8th inning. Houston Astros 8, Milwaukee Brewers 1
Muni ruins everything.
totally bizarre! I feel dumb even trying to troubleshoot the issue - a bunch of search results attempt to help w the problem
Just finish harry potter. It was really good. Go see it in IMAX.
so sorry for our loss :'(
no we removed it b/c no one was using. We may bring it back later in a different form
2morrow the place 2 be is Broadway Bar. No Cover. Great Drink Special. Dj Mystik video mixing. Peter Blue hosting the party. Dont miss out!
also, I used to own a top that Solange sold to Houston Buff Ex
But ours were made in the US. And you should know to never mess with a patriotic HPPO.
I Can't wait to see u in Detroit!!
oh well in that case, get working! :P haha
I don't personally have any I products myself, but go for it!
yea I've got the same with AT&T
It'd be with the iSchool for a study abroad trip, actually
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And Today? Today is a gift. That's why we call it the present. --- Babatunde Olatunji
This has officially been one of my laziest days in a long time. Had breakfast out & then did nothing but tv, couch and eat.
NATALIE. FOR SERIOUS. If nothing else, think about how gross your wrinkles will be when you're old.
Visit our Carlsbad or San Marcos branch today to get a free pair of tickets to LegoLand. Good for 3/24 only & available while supplies last.
: Almost time for ur flight... Almost. << a few more hours. Seemed like a good idea at the time.
I would like to work things out with you ... but naaaa,
I'm at the #SaturdayAcademy with and more folks who are learning abt
i'm so ready. #CHARGE!
