da heck? Lol that's kind of weird, but yes I know him xD
Like that will happen. The only way BC football coaches get fired is if they interview with the Jets.
I've been meaning to thank you for the article you wrote about Scott Stack and me. You did a great job on it.
like r u srs right now
LOL! That would happen to you. Have a safe flight!
Lol u look like ur starin directly at the sun bro
#2011icf Another take on procrastination: could be your intuition telling you its just not the right time or you don’t have enough info yet.
plz follow back ;D
i love the avi <3 brunettes kick ass :))
gi there.. I'll talk to ya :-)
Health Ranger interviews Dr Ed Group, from Global Healing Center, Jan 2012: via
Dance party in my living room!
Looking for great in-store demonstrators nationwide! Please DM with your information and location!
We r excited! MT : in Apr I'll transition fr to work w to set up UK Centre for Justice Innovation
Malone you are the AT&T of people #Britta'd
without a doubt.
g imy2 n idk im bout to now
Great day: nice walk to Harlem for amazing lunch and later happy hour
#np asap rocky
we are going there this week! we need to pick a day.
Exile, for no other motive than ease, would be the last defeat, with no seed of future victory in it.
6:30PM I throw out the 1st pitch @ Fountain Hills Little League Baseball opening night @ Golden Eagle Park. Catchers best be well protected.
RT: Great advice for dry winter lips RT : Be sure to exfoliate your lips--they're an extension of your skin!!!
Mention me if you want me to
The only way that goal is any better if Espinoza actually gets it. He is trying so hard and deserves a goal.
i think it will be nice :) . other than that like i said I have some creative projects that I want to start working on, I'm in
thats really cool idea!
love the photo galleries, great stuff.
oh gosh that sounded like I was bragging..
Oh jesus, so you'll only be giving people shots and taking their vitals...not important at all.
Just send a care package with a razor and some shampoo.
Nice day for a wedding
who say the video??? the one i just posted??? RT or tweet me if you did! :)
hmm.. unfollowed me... so imma unfollow him! he's lost all the love I had for him.
Thrift stores/donations is where gets MOST of her clothes! :D she likes them used haha and she doesnt wash them... oh lmao
Loving all the Actofest tips from and others.
Jesus gave me 3 yesterday - faster than a speeding bullet! Could've missed His hand attending this morning's MOPS meeting.
(I have to give this a shot) Steely Danzig with the Stars
will take a wannabe Deion fielding punts from 1 over birds getting Luck. Good win birds.
becareful not get ur ass struck by lightning jk
On a brighter note...
I got a 94 on my Chem test!
aw thank you!
The North Face Athlete Alex Honnold Feeds the BeastDenali - north face hiking
Via a strategic partnership, we are now offerng business consulting services. Email for more information.
thanks Chris! That is one of my new faves!
ooh and i just might be visiting post-cannes for a good week! hope to see you then
Big daddy on netflix, chyesss.
Beautiful pic. Have fun today!
Actually addicted to nantucket nectars orange mango ...
Life is like a box of chocolates. It is worthless unless you take a bite and enjoy it.
There is no better feeling than retrieving data that was both deleted from an #SDcard and stored on a fried hard drive
Booked a principal role of a Struggling Actress in Mid-Life Crisis in 15-MINUTES a new Webisode Series for The Vie Network: Shoots June 2011
Yeah it's the Wayport connection from 'The Golden Arch' =)
happy to! (and followed.)
Whole* on my
it's raining aw i love the rain im so happy (:
I need to sleep soon -_- I didn't have my full nap today
5TH ANNUAL G' S DAY PICNIC TODAY!!! SUNDAY MARCH 18TH AT THURGOOD MARSHALL PARK
Good morning beautiful people! Who needs a fresh look for summer? Sam has openings today! Come on in!
agreed, Though I think the other issue is do we mean classroom teaching only? Administrators (some) do play a role educating
Looking for something to do with your kids in the Pittsburgh area (you know, besides visiting Gemini)? Check out
Hey it's BK, Are you going to see new movie The Hunger Games, this weekend, gonna wait, or not interested?
Perfect day for a can of skoal citrus.
I am totally over blowing this project. I'm incapable of keeping things simple.
why do you want your memory erased?
Together again: Star, director and producer reunite for musical
"I TOLD HER SHE SHOULD COME AND ROLL WIT K.I.D"
this event will be the biggest of the YEAR.....especially after cruz control puts in work sunday again the cheese heads....
Sometimes I'm too nice, I let shit slide just because.
Dear past, stop tapping me on the shoulders. I don't want to look back.
"How old will I be when you are 40?" "You'll be dead." Ah Draper, that definitely is your kid.
issues correction: is now thrilled with New York lawmakers instead of dissapointed I <3 NY
Are you looking for hip hop, hyphy, dirty south, r&B, new school, or vibe type of beats and music production?
MOH speech success.
I'm totally used to it by now. I mean, I've lived here 4 years!!!
OK, we have to boost this fine company, Enterprise Hive on twitter. What is this - 67 followers?!?! make it 6700!
Swamp people with so I can really feel like I'm on the bayou.
A pair of powerful spectacles has sometimes sufficed to cure a person in love. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche
I thought it was funny. Your line of questioning is reminiscent of a John Lieberman or even a Steve Langford.
thank u heff!!
RT : you frighten me [try working with him ... oh boy]
It's unusual...but I'm indeed calling it a night on this glorious Saturday. Chilling on my couch right now just feels so good
This morning was a fun 15-miles on fire roads. Final long run before this weekend's #BTR100K. Tested out Carbo Pro and Salomon Pack.
That's reasonable. I live on the Power Nap schedule, lol. I'm the king of the 20 min super nap.
(In lil Wayne voice) Oh my God Becky look at her butt !!
Idk what it is but I like talking to you
Imani (plotting to create a business to rival the Corp): "'The Comp.' is my dream!"
Special teams ALL YEAR!!
there's way to have fun on new years b4 u can drink! Watch some sick music videos! Drink Gin&Juice, hold the gin.
Ok #braun was cleared, got it.
Least fun mother's day ever... Phone broke, running around town trying to get it fixed before 2 big trips. :(
5M: reports "light rain" but on camera, its looking like a downpour!
Moesha Marathon all day. I'm in there!! And next Saturday too??
LOVING the weather :)
happy b day brah
Come see GOCA too in the Plaza of the Rockies!
I never wanted a royal family in America before today... The wedding was amazing!! Fave part: TWO KISSES on the balcony!!! Heavy sigh
Morning spent in mgmt team meeting. Afternoon, finalizing an IRB proposal to study faculty perceptions of federated searching.
Men are the best cooks; because with 2 eggs, 1 sausage & a lil bit of milk, he can fill a girls tummy for 9 months. HAHAHA
Hey ! Thanks for the follow. Love your stuff!
Actually wasn't there...shocker!
Waiting for Justin Bieber at the Today Show <3
I'll see you @ Social Media & Organizations in Troy next Tuesday!
I think you are a hoot! I truly have not laughed so much in a workshop. You are an amazing intro to NYC. See you next week!
So glad you think so! Thanks! RT : 24 Diner is ridiculously good.
Yeah so we had another great event today. Then had some meetings at our offices before having a long collaboration session.
Thanks for following, Lucy! Wished you lived closer so you could take over my clutter!
Covering the Big Ten tourney for Bleacher Report. Iowa Mich. State now.
They tell me I'm a danger to myself, now the crazy train is ready to roll
I think you owe it all to your barber.
lol kinda Aha
sorry keith! I call today!)))
Schade Deutschland alles ist vorbei ? YOU PLAYED WELL AND BEAT THE CRAP OUT OF ENGLAND, AUSTRALIA, AND ARGENTINA!
Getting blinds put up today! Yayayay!
100episodes? Can't believe it? Believe it on Monday @ 7pm ET w/ & more!!
Focus on your org's presence within visitors' digital environment, what they're doing with the rest of their lives
now, its playoffs I'm watching & I predict Bulls probably win in 5 just by looking right now. giving Sixers at least 1 win, sorry
I have the sidewalk shoveled and now it's time to make ready for work.
The awkward little dance your thumbs do when you don't know how to reply to a text
And a shout out to whose presentation I'm having to miss!
thats the truth. sometimes it sounds like peeps are playing house.
I just saw some place here $1500 first and last months and a $1500 deposit. Apparently we are all rich 0_0
THANKS ZACH :) GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED
"Forgot About Dre" comes to mind.
DON'T CARE! DON'T GIVE A SHIT!
What's your favorite type of tournament? Mine personally is a no-top baker doubles, even though I can't find any of those anymore!
Thanks to & for following us! #KayuhBicycles making waves with our network.
I hear ya and wasn't disputing. Just adding my two cents...
We had such a nice time at Treasure Village last Sunday. Congratulations to Buddy and Shirley Greer on 50 years of ministry AND marriage!!!
RT : Scott Bell, Scott Bonilla and Scott Bonds still hitless
Watch my man on my new favorite show Paranormal Challenge!
Why is the 405 a parking lot at 11pm?!?
in DC 2012,March 26-27, 2012 A look into critical policy issues facing marketers
Woo! Good luck! Ive always wanted to try but not sure I have the patience! I'm sure it will turn out amazing :)
It will be communications-centric, so a lot of translating, writing newsletters, updating Web site, researching, etc.
I haven't seen you at #MAMSummit, yet! :(
Don't judge God and Christianity by Christians. Christians are just imperfect humans just like you. We screw it up pretty good sometimes.
#wheneverimbored I check my phone, even though I have no messages
do you know kimball?
Interactive ads and perfect placement. Let's kick the doors down and show the iPad tablet advertising world real results. Are you ready?
Thank you for tweeting our blog story! Sending #love from #SanDiego! :D
4 Course Vegan Meal for Valentine's Day! February is healthy heart month, so share your love for your heart as it pounds for your lover...
:) Birthday Girl, you are so cool and hip! Good luck on your next album, Lauryn
Nice seeing tribe off to a good start. Can't take my off game for too long or disaster may strike.
Bravo on "Altitude Slickness." Genius title!
See my man Nate asked me if I gained weight, I said nah, my pockets got fatter, that's all!
back in NYC!!
Gevening tweeters! Driving is so exhausting.. but it was worth it
The Breakfast Club with Cath and !! :)
that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and killed him.
couldn't skip his class and I was sad 😞
looks good, want them open one up in nyc
I want to interview and so bad that it physically pains me to know that I haven't.
14" screen is great for a ultrabook!
earliest flight on the menu... hooded pullovers w/ the ill'nest geometry...
Last second decision - #1k1hr - right now! Preparation is not my strong suit.
I know what gay and lesbian is but I don't know what bi is....
What's up with Aaron Rodgers stache I'm just saying he looks like that dude in that commercial with the Handle Bar Mustache
"Very difficult loss??" Goodman? It should be described as a typical loss
Those who stay will be Victors
Hey back.
how would that differ from straight popular vote
quick correction—that was definitely a safety squeeze that tied the game; Arias didn't break until Blanco made contact
happy mothers day to the best mommaa around love you*:
i got the hottest snapback from the sickkest gear ever
Hmm my Twitter's so slow x/
what's going on?
God's grace is eternal and His promises are unambiguous. So count your blessings, not your hardships.
10+ Love the Voice! RT : On a scale of 1-10, how excited are you for tomorrow's #Battles?
#SanDiego! Who drove a #car2go today? Where did you go? We wanna hear about it !
I am drooling like OMG
ACG InterGrowth 2012 has officially wrapped! Thank you to everyone who helped make it happen!
Enjoy the little things in life, because one day, you'll look back and realize that they were actually big things.
Starting another week of classes.. Blah
"The pessimist complains about the wind. The optimist expects it to change. The leader adjusts the sails." ~ John C. Maxwell
All i see on my TL is twitter drama xD lol
_+-|_| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Well lets do this then, we need to get out ur way. It's been too long. We'll look into Paninis and Nathans.
Loved the dungeon drop! The one I rode aint there no more.
It was aliens that enabled the pyramids, silly. Didn't you ever watch Stargate? jeez
"When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you" - African Proverb. True dat.
My inability to gift wrap is actually slightly disturbing.
Billy Butt Sex! Instant CLASSIC!
Cool! RT : Save the date: On 11/30 will be experimenting with Google Hangouts as a reference tool. Stay tuned for more!
Be not the slave of your own past-plunge into sublime seas, dive deep..so you will come back w self-respect, a new power... ~Emerson
Haven't worked w/a BID 4 awhile, but I think one can use money raised 4 capital improvements. Would SDCC qualify?
Just received my Mothers Day card purchased from My mother is going to love it! Thx
HE GETS A D- FOR THE SIMPLE FACT YOU CAN NOT MISS FREE THROWS WHEN THEY COUNT THE MOST......
holy hell.. hahaa well since youre not coming you better kick butt at the meet!
I go to things like #THATCamp to remind myself just how much I'm missing and get inspired to do something about it.
Hi! The easy breather was easy for me to tell improvement. Difficult to measure this one. Will use it umpiring tonight. (1/2)
Some more beans, Mr. Taggert? I'd say ya had enough!
I am delinquent on transposing my Boulder Chautauqua notes ..
hey man, my friend Amanda did my website. She's pretty good. I can give you her contact info if you're interested
Working on songs sorry for the wait will be out soon..
In school lunchtime
one of my friends had sex with my ex :(
That's good, jusy a busy season? Uh oh, starting your own events and adventures huh? Going okay, better starting next week ha
remember.. I'm on your side.
Leland is the best
This is gonna be the shits woo RAGE!
That is hardcore!
Nice tweet everyone should feel Loved and be Loved it's a BEAUTIFUL thing
Getting rid of the jetta tmrw.
RT: You can send all beats to you got that bangger that he need <==Thanks Fam Check DM
this day is going great :)
who is in charge of sound for the Oscars this year? R2D2?
why when a person tries to judge u and they r wrong the sit there and fell salty lol
You are correct. All u can do is view your accounts and check balances, invoice customers.. It's basically read only & very limited
I'm glad I live in a comparatively more progressive state like New York otherwise I think I'd be locked up for murdering idiots.
i seen that bs but we comin back jst watch
Well Thank You For The Retweet And Allof You Are Twiiter Sexy Wow . Go Hard
I really can't stand dub step...I'm convinced it was made for people who can't dance normal.
Test brunches scheduled stay tuned for "Sunday Antidote" details. We're gonna put a new face on brunch in PDX
happy birthday girl
Wed Sept 15@ 3pm OPEN AUDITIONS for ALLEGRO DANCE CO at St Clairsville Ohio HIGH SCHOOL THEATER www.allegrodancecompany.net
I'm soo excited! 
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger. Except polio. Except polio...
I'll be there -- I'll be talking about multispectral imaging as used in the Livingstone Project to recover faded writing
Dear #pokeEJoes how in the hell do you run out of ribs? #smh you sell barbq
RT RT : "Give your best to each moment." David Adams of
thats a trip cuz he was saying he was the manager of ONYX..... Thanks for the response just checking this cats credentials
wassup big homie. sent you an email on FB. let me know when we can link.
Me and my best friend love watching your interveiws, Shoutout...follow..?<3
First one's on me at rolling stone bar and lounge!
Please follow back:))?
Real life Jersey Shore shit going down right now.
how far are you?
Thank you for the hug. It helped!
Thank you! RT : No. You can have chai without milk. Milk makes it a latte.
Did you know that WAYN Radio is Michigan's ONLY Alternative/Urban- Ethnic College Radio station? ...Well, now you do!
I hope my phone dies now so I can't watch anymore of these...*clicks to next in series*
nicee.Like a boss I assume.Me too.Writing a lot, Kinda studying music & Lyrics.
thank you Packy... :P I'm feelin the love.
A sense of humor is a major defense against minor troubles
Going to check who's not following me back and see if they're worth it. In that case not many
Thanks for the #FF!
My 4yo corrects me now. "I'm really not a baby Mom. You know that, right?"
Thanks much for including me!
as long as u got the love girl!!!;)
One complaint about today's Taco Bell: they put too much ice in my drink. I think I got through three sips of my Pepsi before it was gone.
I'll remember Carl Beane giving updates from #Fenway as I listened to & Richard Neer span the league on the weekends in the late '80's
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 1
get at me for the quality scissors you need to do the quality work peace
Some technical difficulties with the site on some browsers. Sorry for any inconvenience.
Thanks for being great partners working with on mobile apps. Looking forward to continuing partnership.
My moms making crab legs , STG - They Be BOMB ! Whose coming over 4 dinner : ) . Mhmm
Stewart platform works well for me but error logs suggests its still a little buggy :)
wish would come home already. feeling
At this point i'm annoyed at myself because i've allowed it to go on for to long.
- p.s. can't wait to work "parallax scrolling" into a coctail party conversation
As Musberger just said, "this is a mauling folks, just a mauling."
My defense sucked today! But a W is a W!!
Things rings so true. I am on the computer too much as it is--another reason why I will never buy a smartphone. Need to live.
I got 16 followers today and I just got a twitter account today! Mahomies keep following me and I'll follow you!!!!
Watching Death Race 2
Do a squeeze!
We've been at 183rd for a couple days now. There's only 7 days left!!! Please keep voting! www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff
I just improved my running, it really helped me a lot.
nigga, i'm five months pregnant how did you not know this?!
Brit Hume just hates #Newt. That is clear. He's losing credibility in my opinion in being objective in reporting political news.
#sincewebeinghonest I don't miss you, but I missed how you made me feel
Eww can't believe I dated that...
but how does ur mom look like yogi bear?
Just passed Garfield...*deep sigh* I'm home... Missing already. I hope u get some rest and that I was a decent guest >_<
I need an easy way for Outlook to count characters in email text. Help?
Damn LA traffic is testing my patience!!
you are welcome & have a good weekend.
Would love to assist on set, assist in post production. If anyone is in need of assistance, I am available.
My eyess<<< My feelings <<<< NOT IN THE MOOD FOR ANYONE
View feedback, however lousy it feels, as a gift. Picture pretty wrapping paper and a bow on it, offering you potential for growth...
I will rap battle at the store next time he is in town. can be the guest judge...
ok I'll be excited but not nervous, then!
I can take it whatever but im in chill mood to much to handle shit on mind cinderella in my Conner I have nothing to worry about
OMFGGG Who Ever Is Up!! Text Me& If You Dont Have Me Number Inbox Me For It Bored A'F
Um down whenev mane! u got my #?
He is, and he's quite good.
I guess i'll be honest I could use you around
Oh, you like to talk shit behind my back? You're in a great position to kiss my ass.
Listen to the beautiful, beautiful Rochester Rock 'n Roll TONIGHT on The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz!
N do those toe touches n the herky. Soo idk
I think I have a #christmas music addiction. I can't stop listening. and purchasing.
What a great Night!!! Not only did CrazyMary finish our new release: Dreaming In Brilliant Color, but the Giants won the Superbowl.
AMS student Matt Pittenger just booked a role in the production of "Caught" at the Zephyr Theater on Melrose. Congrats, Matt!
I know hunter save us from mark fuckerberg and send us the app
Is in a New York state of mind...
Sussman & Simcox Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
you aren't following so I can't Dm it
TGOD.. jet set!
Fantastic! Love what u do! Hep u dig us 2, and can help us find these guys! Best & success!
oh dear. Such as?!?
all the more reason these kids should know how stupid they are. :/
Lol I got hacked too :( I swear people I haven't heard any rumors about anyone. What r u all hiding anyways
|#quotes I am brave, but I take a view. It is an educated view. I am careful. I am not reckless.
I should have used that. "Don't you already know who I am? I'm big on teh internets." ;-)
Me too! I think it's so funny & well done! I luv it! :)
It has to do everything with Mayoral ability when people still hate based off ignorance.
Welp I've arrived to my destination. Everyone have a good day.
Listen, if you are not watching #Revenge on CBS (Wednesday night 10:00pm) you are doing yourself an injustice!
idk how you can say that becuase it is a totally different coference from the big east. And its their first year
Propeller Group's re-brand of communism blows the Ungovernables away.Too bad I can't hear it bc of the crazy loud video nearby.
Inserting DVD slips into cases, so happy with how they turned out!
The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time
follow please he my bestie he just got a twitter please follow
any links for the game?
I'm goin to buy the victorious album I already bought all the victorious school stuff 
Awe yeah!! Hittin' the slopes at Monarch today baby!!!
So good to see you in the #autismchat. Keep on the great work of embracing #autistics as they are!
Couldn't agree more
my dreams tho >
"Under what circumstance will people be able to think about information that is disturbing or threatening to their identity or way of life?"
after tomorrow, all the money i get now is going towards MagicTheGathering
I heard smoke has the edge tonight. Experts are crediting his teams decision to use "term oil" in the car.
txt me back
Listen to the passion of your soul, set the wings of your spirit free and let not a single song go unsung.
: #BasketballQuotes I dont want to be the next Michael Jordan, I only want to be Kobe Bryant - Kobe. ( thanx 4 da support! )
Aleksandra Nogina Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
you are welcome!!!! Retweet me? For all your Canadian pals!
I used to have a really bad habit of giving into peer pressure. Then my friends said it wasn't cool so I stopped.
thx for the heads up. ;)
If you obey all the rules, you'll miss all the fun. ~ Katherine Hepburn
Where do u work, again? I forget.
Wheatgrass shots are super gross #trying to be healthy... Working out looks like a lot of work.....
As well as interesting library/librarian/information/technology-related topics...
#echelon3000 is popping!!! in the building!!!
I Can't Let Go Of This Chase For Greatness
It is kind of awkward to be in the same car with your ex and his wife!
i'm a kiss up to all the right people 
ew leave me alone.
me too! Their sushi is amazing!
Kuroder getting rocked
This just in: 300 bottles of Surly Smoke. 10% discount if you buy a case...
Darth Prosser finds your lack of faith disturbing.
Hi--you are invited Wed., May 2nd, 3:35 pm - 8:00 beer, wine or soda. Kathy W., Monique & I will b @ the cottage....
Thank you very much for the #ff! Women interested in their overall health definitely should follow you!
Arizona Western College's Mathew Anderson to speak at CHEA Annual Conf. and Intl. Seminar: www.chea.org/About/2010AC/2010_ACIS_Final.asp
yea I guess u did
Swear I'm drinking until pass out
Lacrosse is the sexiest sport and played by the sexiest people<3
aptly timed reminder
Placido Domingo will be honored as the 2010 Latin Recording Academy Person of the Year.
Hey Green Room! What's the weirdest prop you have ever worked with or seen used in a play?
we have the Go Pass so we can try to meet at a later production.
starting in June: #Skype #lessons (#piano, #jazz & #impro for all instruments). send me a message if interested & thx 4 spreading the word.
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil you stick your hands in my food -___- back the fuck up!
burned 276 calories doing 35 minutes of "Running 11-min mile with hills"
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date -You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
style wars starting at opera.
You have to start somewhere. Props on starting.
Angel Remy Martin
your goop subscription is rescinded
I miss you to. We read them together!
If it is right, it happens—The main thing is not to hurry. Nothing good gets away.
Out here at the O.co drunk as fuck rit now, blunts on me I need my sideline pass the security wont let me down on the field.
Learning how to change the world thru love, compassion and consistency. Yesh?
thank you for the Bembe disc!! let me know <3 *big hugs* and many blessings Carlos!!!
Hi! Checking in. Things are OK.
Ending slowly but surely...
Ebook Models on a District Level - Richard Hasenyager, Director for Library Services, North East ISD, TX
it's been my life dream to just see you in person and tonight that happened! THANK YOU! #NeverSayNever! Follow me! <3 :)
Is your faith strong enough to sustain your increase?
Wade buss dat boy nose lmao.
Attention Members of the House of Delegates: They have cake in the Senate.
I RSVP'd for Saturday on facebook do I have to do anything else?
I got to play a Portuguese Folk harp today! I love playing an instrument that seems to pick you up and drop you in another place and time.
How is it that the pen is mightier than the sword if actions speak louder than words?
Great day for a parade and festival! Come see us at the Festival today and tomorrow.
Lost my damn debit card lol ain't shit on it doe haha good luck niggas
FYI - I've been attending films at the Florida Film Festival this week - will be posting reviews probably next week. Look for them!
Buy a christmas angel and get a dollar for dollar spent in a discount for a Gift Cert or ride with us!! Save the reciept 480-255-5559
Nick Blackburn, hot damn he's awesome. I love that we've got him on the team and actually let him pitch. He's twice as good as Liriano!
So the blonde girl with 12 Bumpits in her hair was not a stripper. It was Miss Ohio!!! cc: @
any update on status of Tramon Williams?
that's my show yo!!!
Wine tasting does keep going up. I think they do apply the tasting fee toward a wine purchase though!
Force touchdown pass to McRae, extra point is good, cutting the Predator lead to 3, 17-14.
Watching both nba games on espn! Who else is!?
Using Coldplay for a NASCAR promo is pure hi-larity.
I took that project management class!
I've been slacking on #twitter today. Looking forward to second training session at the gym! Probably one of the best choices I've made
- Awesome! I'm going shopping!!! Thx!
Martin Mueller: "The scholarly explorer of our textual heritage in digital form is perforce chief cook and bottlewasher." [+]
"Together, we're unlimited." I love you . Nothing will ever change that. Nothing. #foreverandalways? #happytenmonths <3
guitar center sessions about to come on just when I need it!
Yes, I did adult & infant, & the fact that I'm about to have a baby made me nervous.
RT : RT : Country band from Stillwater, OK will be playing March 30th !...
Book Time Now!
Thank you! I am honored!
: and I are nicar, wishing you were here. Must join us in 2013. You'll love it.
not all of us ;)
Yoga Zone U Rock
"The favor of God is only to be had by doing good to men: to #God, nothing men can do, can be of any direct service" (sic). WT Inquiry
nahh I'm hanging with my mom and shopping for DC in a week and a half<3 :D #SoExcited (:
#Jelena :D Love em both! they're so cute together :)
of course of course! I love you!
why do all the milkshakes bring the boys to the yard? And why are they better than yours?
Ms. Curry #Communications xD
yes sir
I always feel so old when I'm at the orthodontist
Good Monring Tweet-hearts! Welcome back Monday!
Unfollowed yo ass right back. You ain't slick.
Today I really miss so I'm giving her the hookup to all these wonderful alt porn sites I just discovered.
": kids a scientist. it fits right?"Absolutley! I would have added him if i could remember what his damn handle is
Going through my voice notes on my Blackberry listening to all the song/guitar ideas I have recorded over the last year looking for gems...
you're gonna have to let me know when I finally do
priceless RT : I am more embarrassed of Kane wearing white jeans at a bar then passing out at one. Sorry Kane.
I'm worried about Obama's tearing apart the Constitution, the WHOLE of the GOP. They ALL SUCK!
It's a dirty game who can you trust ?
Hey man is there any way I could talk to your mom about possibly doing a % night for Riley DM at Monical's? Thanks
hahah ikr? :) im really bored right now in class
Find your passion, do it, never settle for less.......
Thanks for the follow. Glad to discover you- we all need more laughter
wow #KobeBryant just swung and nailed a KF from #DEnver ....
Excited to see on twitter! I love that shop!
Off to school! Ttyl
“In an organization, a meeting is an obligation. In a movement, a meeting is an opportunity.”
sometimes the love u want might not be the love u need!!
Thanks ! Great feedback. Looking forward to the fall.
It's been fun chatting with you guys tonight! I'm gonna watch some #StarTrek Voyager on #Netflix tonight! Have a good night!! xoxo ~Susie
": I think my Valentines Day dinner for the last 3 years has been tequila." And I like it that way ;)
what are you referring to? That over won
be goin through some things lbs
Just had a burger on opening night at shake shack next door to DCTNG. Sensational! I shall be back.
I really wishes Rage Against the Machine were fiercely libertarian instead of communists.
This special is our favorite. $1.50 Mexican beer. Bottles or Draft. You can't beat that!!!
the dead start walking again tonight. i hope they start walking at least, versus sitting around crying and whining. GO zombies! Action!
Hrm. that sounds wildly inaccurate, but I'll take it!
I just bought a new pair of Newton running shoes!! They are fabulous--and hopefully worth every penny!
My hair right now -____-
GREAT! Show up at Guest Relations in the IU Health Entry Pavilion of by 6:15pm?
Soundtrack this week: brownswood basement all vinyl. Thankful for crate diggers.
chocolate with sprinkles always makes my day! yummy!
excuse me?
Spontaneous tasting at Abacela
omg who is going?!!
I need to stop watching all these sappy love movies.! Lol
Wondering how much the American Farm Bureau and its many subsidiaries have spent lobbying Congress against child safety rules
Personality humor smile <3
Showers will come to an end this morning with partly cloudy skies this afternoon.
That was a pretty bloated treatise on the genre that used a lot of 10 cent words to make the reviewer feel smart and us dumb
ews! Haha hey im tired im going 2 bed. Night
Surrender tonight..... should be able to hook up you and your crew.
About twenty-five percent of the population sneeze when they are exposed to light.
its your fault the Heat lost to Dallas last year
RT : There is a whole generation of football players who wanted to wear 55 because of Junior Seau.
Tomorrow starts a new day and a great time to explore more #opened resources - which is why you should check out #theCN!...
Winning isn't everything--but wanting to win is.Vince Lombardi
Why are the #walkerbots all on #wiunion #WIrecall saying #DNC took our money? Who in #WI has donated outside #wipolitics this last yr?
tweet me !
Retweet this if you miss summer
thanks again! hope you're having a great new year.
The age someone decides to stop spiking the front of their hair says a lot about that person
werd. RT : Im tired of the artist vs. administrator. We both care a/b the same thing
morning Auz10! How are you doing? (:
Happy Easter Sunday from yours truly at Bracken Library.
Thanks for the RT agreed on the chimichangas from allsups, you should nominate them
Mark Iacona of the Rochester Jazz Festival joins Bob Brenna & Shelly Boyce on Valentine's Day for the Brenna Law forum, 8 am on WHAM 1180
Haha. That actually would be appropriate.
awhh stay strong austin. us mahomies are here for you <3
Another unexpected power outage. This time it was right in the middle of me watching the XFactor in my house >_>
I'm going to make my mom take me to FIRST tour. <3. :)))))
With so much on my mind, i'm becoming an insomniac
follow me and I will stop bugging you
And i getta dye my huurr c:
how could I have forgotten that 15 yrs ago last month was the 1st PPV of #ECW ?
ANYONE KNOW HOW TO stop a dog from shedding
Saved by BONUS POINTS!!!
yea we ridin dirty but tha whip clean
she Jess is Jordan's sis :) & 16 :)
341 pages of pure Mermaid Fantasy check it out at NaLee2010.com or Amazon.com look for NaLee by Erin Sankey
Walking Dead
I agree on the unis...I hope they wear white today & look like a bb team & not night shift parking attendants
It's raining. It's pouring. I wish I was snoring.
I was your poopy phone, then your poopy internet connection. Try again tonight?
Ah spider in my car while driving!
la gettin it right now
I guess I completly missed the rain. Oh well.
I watch 20 mins of biggest loser while getting pumped to hit the gym!
no ones talk to me here
Be proud of who you are.
Can't believe it's time for the last class of the semester!
Can't wait to see the new concept #Ciel in person-I NEED one!
lol I frickin hate & love you !!! ❤ but I'm goin shopping Sunday ! But dinner & movies sounds god 😘😘
Yes let's! I will be in the office on Wednesday, how about you?
wow that's harsh. Do you know why?
HolySh*t I forgot how good the bottom of a Marino's chocolate ices was! Straight up #best surprise ever. My #weekend has begun. :)
ok! Pick a number! Well I don't want to confuse confidence with cockiness. So I never really thought about it!:p
she murmured something...& for a moment he hated her because she could sleep so peacefully, so far away from him, dreaming different dreams.
re:Dreamy New Kirk: screw that, I'm all about Winona Ryder playing Spock's MILF-mom. What a cougar!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! C;
80 degrees out ... I'm cool with this .
"Here I come to save the day! Here I come to save the day!"
Thank you! Yes, it sure is wonderful! I've got to get to bed now! I'm fading fast! Goodnight & chat soon!!
i direct messaged it to you ! 😃
sometime I do. How's that back hair? Lmao
Jimmy Herring is just more proof that God loves us!
whaaa?? speak english
Found out today that #michaelcrichton passed away in 2008. Don't know what I was doing that year, but will miss one of my favorite authors!
You can get everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want
oh, so pumped. I opened the book and literally had no idea what I was even looking at...
RT : Jesus gave us the incomparable privilege of calling God "Father." -R.C. Sproul
what's a "yes" man in your eyes?
Finna eat some pineapples . .
Just confirmed 2 panelists for my presentation proposal for this year's AMIA conference!
I pray God may preserve your health and life many years
Time for a haircut, house viewing, lunch then a House marathon. A quiet weekend at last.
Going to see she is the under study for #understudyrunthrough cant wait to see it!
yup!! Do it!! :) didn't make it to kickboxing but at gym now 🏃
good night yall guys
HAPPY ST. PADDY'S DAY! Get down with the wknd special: the REUBEN OMLET! Stuffed w/ kraut and fresh Corned Beef! Served w/ Potatoes O'Brien!
Finally got to sleep in for once :).
You are going to have to fight me for her. :) I'm a black belt.
I can try but I can't make that promise, besides I enjoy our "debates" it gives me a chance to prove my dominance
RT : Tweets! We dance 5th tomorrow. Vote Vote Vote
At lunch with
i have a dance recital tonight! Wish me luck??(:
Jay-Z designed the new Nets logo just like Al Gore invented the internet....
FF these awesome tweeters
Join a Scientific Investigation of the On July 2 Space is VERY limited. Call Monica 414/218-2202 about joining P.A.S.T
Hello Jon, I'm looking for a new rehearsal space in Brooklyn. Do you know of anything?
I was being generous. :-)
ok, I retract the "mean" face title. It is now my "serious" face:)
Other languages look like gibberish to me lol.
Are you a local attending #2011ASA? Come back soon to discuss public history, preservation and community development on Dec 2
RT In reply: not at Aspen Ideas Festival. Not invited. Had idea in 2006. Had children thereafter, not enough sleep for idea-
IM HERE
oakland ca now Riot cops stand off with flowers being placed at their feet by protests 1 min they will use chemical agents
While there's life, there's hope. ~ Marcus Tullius Cicero
#WatchCougarTown at 8:30 ABC! You won't regret it!!!
What is your favorite recipe for hot chocolate these days? I am trying to perfect my recipe.
I need this guy to hurry up -.-
no i died xD lol how are you wifey?
The End
is 50 shades better or worse than the avg romance novel. How (or) is it different?
"the good spot" is going to be a crazy tonight at 105 riv nyc!
Damn! Give Molly a chance a normal hood free life!
JOE'S CRAB SHACK (Seafood Rest., Bar & Music) FRIDAY'S 6:00 - 9:00 pm 1991 N. Rainbow Blvd @ Lake Mead Las Vegas, NV 89108
you wanna make sure you're at analog bar downtown Nov 28 to see us play the I dustry night?
finished every tax thing ever. federal. montana. seattle. on this pace, he'll finish his next 1040 before 2012 is over. hear that ?
Tortured artist.
hi chris
If you stuck with our advice last week, you'll be eating an awesome turkey tomorrow!!!
Yay! They've finally got the FULL #TheVoice audition online for ! Just skim down to the bottom. Way to rock it, Brian!
pitch by my doorstep. Singin' sweet songs. Of melodies pure and true. Saying'------
. on cat gravity: Cats have higher-than-normal gravity, which explains why you are immobilized if they lie on top of you.
It's a shame that one can't talk about Joe Frazier without talking about Muhammad Ali and suggesting that Frazier was somehow defined by Ali
The beer is still in the frig. Some night soon it will be tried!
Is beyond annoyed.
Moving #gameofthrones season 1 to the top of my netflix queue so I can finally talk to about it!
Why do we only have happy birthdays & not happy deathdays? On the anniversary of a love ones death we should wish them a happy deathday.
meh, it is a good one!
indeed bro. I'm hyped. And when we goin to Rubicons?
Hey there! We're just launching this week, and only available in So-Cal right now. But we hope to have online retailers soon!
#foursquare seems to be tweeting more than I am these days.
Wish Fox would show more baseball Saturdays. My horse trailer's stuck in the mud again and I don't know which boner pill will help.
Didn't get the pot of gold? Get a bowl of awesome soup! We have Chicken Dumpling, Broc Cheddar, Squash w/ Roasted Red Pepper & French Onion!
yay im now an #Ulta trainer! Pretty excited :)
Don't you know about the team, Ayee?
Watching Casino Royale with Daniel Craig. Luv James bond movies. 🔫
got a whole lot of work to do and get caught up on.
I almost forgot it was Friday
I miss seeing all of you wrestling.
Moms making me take twitter off my phone because it uses "to many texts". Who cares!
Okay ur a goon but what's a goon to a goblin?
"NEVER-LAND!"
1st mtg w/new tutee tonight - a medical student from Brazil, doing research in Boston. He's awesome! LOVE tutoring!
How do you feel about gay Christians?
There is a light at the end of the tunnel, even when you can't see it, or even see the tunnel.
Shoutout Thanks for sharing our stuff! We appreciate it =)
Having the weather on my phone set for Stratford Ontario Canada.
What are the top three music cities in the US?
Finally watched #MadMen. Whoa mama.
sweet gallows, bro!
mad pages in '94
i still don't get why we aren't dating.. I like you, You like me… but its just distance… :(
Ryan seems to have kicked it up a notch on the new demo tracks. That sounds like an oxymoron, but it's true!
RT : Meetings should be no more than seven minutes. Period. <- my boss. Oh yeah, we are hiring. Get in touch with me.
Good friends stick around because god says you'll need them later in life.
“: needs to HUSH & i can't help it , i love fruit !!!!” yeah I seen that lmao !
Hello weezy, welcome home.
John and Jean Comaroff leave Chicago for Harvard
Good morning back at you!
Can I have a photo pass for tomorrow's show in Dallas?
Ready for our #adaptivechat? and , head of digital , will be taking your questions in just a few minutes.
Maybe make a few calls, see if you can get them to postpone it until fall. Never know.
Finally remembered how to log on to twitter!! Yeah me!
RT Kindness, I've discovered, is everything in life. - Isaac Bashevis Singer
hit up the cow with a link after you write it. We love to have a laugh!
But #SouthPark is making me feel better. :)
The perks of working at a spa....I love it!!
Q5: UFC is always pushing into new territory w/ SM. Thoughts on this?
now, not only does the construction wake me up every morning at 7am, but on saturday mornings too?
you two are something
Micro radish pesto
Whoever says it FUCK YOU !
Christmas baking has begun!
according to game center, a little high,
Whatever happens with us, the way we deal with it, determines the success & happiness derived from it
Tonight it's going down! Can't wait to test the new amps out
safe travels back to Minnesota RT : great meeting you guys today!
leaders own their weaknesses and their failures.
haha ^^ I like u all
Well, I wanted to do something revolutionary!
he's just the guy im lookin for :)
SEE YOU AT BAMBOOZLE
Whenever I feel like it fool..!! LOL. Just kiddin... Probly tomorrow. Im in big time chill mode watchin the game right now
Really cheap if you can find a movie you want to watch w/ the new interface. Hate.
thanks and after 3 rounds, he's in 2nd to last place. :-/ happy st. patrick's day.
Popcorn chicken and potato wedges from KFC... M
I guess popcorn is whole grain carbs, right? Fuel for my upcoming 1000 yard lap swim ce soir . . . mon dieu
Thx! RT : I talked to the manager at Starbucks.... Left you a message through your website :) Have a great day!
Habitat for Humanity's last build day is this Saturday, November 5. Come out and join the fun! Signs up are in UC Rm 316. RT RT
PUMPED that E3 kicks off in a few hours!! If this rumored star wars kinect game impresses me, I may have to buy a 360
why are some gay guys soo cute? D:
please keep tweeting.
What the fukk is going on here??
Game 3 in Philadelphia #Bulls vs
they are so good live! You have to go with us!
I'm at work right now “: if you're working on thanksgiving... you must be a small business owner. #justthewayitis”
14 years ago, I traded for a single A hitter named Carlos Beltran with KidMikey. John Hunt actually wrote about our deal in BW weekly.
- of course! You're doing a great job.
I'm moving back to Tampa in a month!!! I see you are directing a movie?
Hey look. A new technology genius!
New Classy Lady following Me!!!
Love how Tony just pulled a Ron Burgandy!!!
@ Natl Archives - in line to see the Decl of Indep, the Constitution & Bill of Rights. What better way to celebrate 4th of July weekend?
hey luke we got beard over here. #wewantlaidbacknow can u come to miami
we will get it to a bookstore in LAG soon
If this doesn't work out(which I don't even like saying) then. It doesn't.. But at least I can say .. I gave it MY ALL!.
Why do I get shitface drunk just before the greatest racing day of the year? ?
in NY? What is he seeing?
R Kelly got my son saying I wanna share my love, share my love. Let's populate
*phone buzzes* jump over couch, knock stuff over, fight invisible ninjas all to find out that txt is from that person u hate
RT : Tip: Be assertive, not aggressive...there's a difference. #Success #attitude RT
#Packer Pride
ah understand now!
A random thought: wouldn't it be funny if turned out to really be ?
My host family wonders why their dog is so fat, yet they keep feeding her animal crackers every 15 minutes
Thank's for the Retweet!
well 7.5 on norm hard the. About 8ish when super hard haha
I haven't been to the Mall of America in quite a while myself. Used to go there all the time when I was a teenage
Great. Let a buddy borrow my iPad for a bit, and he uses my Facebook account to "poke" a bunch of people.
ahh >.< Well if anything we can talk here or text
Really excited to share some new covers tomorrow night!
Come Join the band tonight for our show @ the new deuces lounge (formely Outback Lodge)...Show starts @ 9pm - All Ages.
excellent shirt
Oh man. Why have I not been watching "Bob's Burgers"? Haha!!
I really cannot wait for #AngelsAndGentlemen! I can't wait to see what other songs you covered. Excited for
Just acquired a portable numark turntable, thanks Akil!! now I can actually play the small collection of vinyl I own...yayurr!!
Leff: "The environment is The Other of economic rationality."
if you stand in my way im gonna find a way through you
Commit to making at least one person happy today by giving them attention, appreciation, and affection. ~ Deepak Chopra
Anthony Weiner: 'Why the F*ck Am I Not on MSNBC?!' - New York Magazine
cool! How are you??
bucks killin' right now
Thanks! It should work now. If u r on a mac and have issues, let me know!
what was UK's record in 1952-53 ?
Jimmy Howard has allowed 2 goals on 7 shots now today. USA's Save Percentage for the tournament has to be in the bottom half now.
25% of search results for world's 20 largest brands are links to user-gen content (Source: Forrester; cited in Loni Stark preso).
so great, right! 😄
Joan Didion~ To have that sense of ones intrinsic worth... is potentially to have everything...
Going to skate tomorrow with matthew O: hopefully neither of us break somethingg
Hey it's BK, What is your favorite gangster flick? The movie-The Godfather premiered on this day 1972. 40 years ago!
I took the Clarisonic challenge and LOVED it! What a great bday present from Vogue and I have one word to say: EXFOLIATION. Lovin' it!
I loved watching Smokin' Joe Frazier fight, but he's a prime example of why I wouldn't actually object if boxing were outlawed.
Im Finna Go Outside
Been off my routine. Apologies for not posting daily HBDs on FB, replying in a timely manner to vm/email; new life blessings adjustment mode
I'll add to the chorus. Great stuff, especially last couple of weeks. A necessary dose of perspective, passion & intelligence.
i love them all!!!!!
is ushering in Web 3.0 at
Wait, facebook.com isn't a porn site?.
“: #WeLoveLilKim is trending? Who's we? Not ME.!!!” weeeaaakkk 
but again. give it a test run on new hardware. see what you think. my client chose iOS mainly for security reasons and more native
Gas or Ass! :D
Love when that happens, BUT it's rare!! RT Hasnt been one bad song yet on this pandora station ...... :)
Sounds like Kevin Federline is back in the dating game.
I feel bad for people in denial :p
Winning games is so last season. Win, lose or draw, the Braves are still the most fun in the NL.
i find it hilarious, ridiculous, that gmail defaults to categorize emails as "home" email addresses. i always change them to "personal".
#earthquake I knew it! Woke me up too.
ok I'll try
On a movie marathon today cause I'm off. Change Up. 30 min or Less. Detective Dee and Fright Night
I need you to squats down like your underwears is done for but you might save the jeans
watching Good Luck Charlie Make Room for Baby(: beyond excited i heart on demand!
Trusses have arrived...raise the roof!
Yessir happy to have Kemoeatu back! He was one of my favorite Ravens back in the day. Try running on him and Ngata...
Today Barack Obama proved he is a president for the 21st Century
I enjoyed the oscars even though I felt Mickey Rourke got robbed.
RT : Hey there ! Sure can't wait to see you at this year!!!
Good morning! Today we are at the AARC 9th Annual Roundtable: Building Civil Society After the Arab Spring- Progress, Challenges, Needs
Bitches who have met Justin a billion times and constantly brag. Im going 2 meet him on my wedding day and you hoes aint invited. IN YO FACE
Thank you! You are the BEST! Happy Anniversary.
You are so welcome.
If I don't pick up my phone it's because the battery is dead, not me.
Rick Ross be barking. Tyga got a sore throat. Lil Wayne's lighter is broke. Wiz Khalifa thinks everything is funny.
A band with a song called "Sex Foot" can't be all bad.
stop twatching me though 🐒
Coming soon! RT : Citation Needed
Oh...my bad. Thanks for setting me straight. I blame Indiana...and Tom Crean.
i need food so bad :(
Did I mention that we r giving away gift certificates 2 Roy's, Carmelo's, Moonshine and other places for participating in the cell phone dr?
Also odd that you're tweet while eating crawfish which involves the same skill draw something involves. This is BULLSHIT!!!!!
thank you!
Dr.Spivak's public #beekeeping classes are hugely popular (:
#FF literary lions
Oh the days! I MISS! Sweet memories, indeed. Now she's practicing driving & P + I are in the backseat feeling out of control!
Monster and eggos for breakfast.
dat bitch crazy
thanks Jen-a lot of love for the new pic
thanks again for the shoutout man!
the guitar player hunt continues.hope we get this over with soon.
people are fucking retarted and like to let people tell them what do to
God I can't wait until turns 18 and shows the world whose boss!!
I love him. He's a Dalaric shipper at heart. ;)
If you sleeping right now...... you a bitch!!!! (sorry lala)
App download is free - but requires a subscription purchase to use full solution. See website.
God is good
The more you read and observe about this Politics thing, you got to admit that each party is worse than the other. - Will Rogers, 1924
Really don't care anymore
follow me? ive been trying for months<3
I really wanna go see #TheLuckyOne again
GAB deciding this morning to certify recall elections.
Watching the flurries start to come down
I'm really excited for #DancingWithTheStars!
is the SHIT! and team kicks ASS!!
Come meet Founding Director and learn about her plans for the Harrington School! Thursday Alumni Center 4pm
Cracked my iPhone
Every day is earth day!
omgg the shit I just seen.
Hi JG Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
#Truth! #BetheGreaterYou RT Welcome challenge. Embrace & overcome hardship. You become more by doing so.
Last day of #Passion2012! It's been phenomenal!
hanging out with you guys next week, ihave too.(:
it's good to be reminded of that. It helps keep your spirit alive and feisty ;) xx
twitter b moving too fast fa me lol
I been growin oranges all my life
I sure would love that signed vinyl ;) hint hint wink wink
Try putting log cabin maple pancake syrup on hot corn on the cob with melted butter....pretty damn good!
99% of people in this world are stupid, luckily I`m in the other 2%
USC falls to the Huskies!!!!!
Haha that good! Glad to hear it was great<3 when willyou see Austin again?
Hello NURSE!
When wearing something complex, lighten it up with solid colors. Details should accentuate an outfit, not crowd it.
7 more minutes to vote for as much as possible.. Everybody text the word vote to 5703!
Hate Im gone miss everything going down at Uptown Comedy Corner this weekend except for Sunday. Lotta big things going down
My 3 Words - Life in Balance!
Time for some Hey Arnold!
Looking forward to the Preakness Horse Races this weekend! Come by to help celebrate!
"Don't catch me at the wrong time OR YOU WILL FEEL MY WRATH"<3
I'm back at tonight at 9. And today I'm extra punctual
Are you interested in learning more about PEMF in physical therapy & pain management? Let's connect.
yes, it really works nicely. :-)
I retweet too much.
need some more bangers sent ASAP your gonna be like the executive producer on my whole mixtape almost haha pizza to is done
lol. Gotta love that auto correct!
June 29. and I will be there at the Clevelander.
Finally back home!!!!!
A preposition is something you should not end a sentence with.
Defense for 8 seconds... Thats all I'm asking for #LetsGoPacers!!!!
I say you + me + hang out ASAP!
I know that I don't know better than that, as you & & friends blew me off while in PDX last yr...
VentriPoint Launches Clinical Trial in Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension (PAH) With Top Pulmonary Hypertension Centres ...
b/c im askinn ! now answer the question !
Sometimes that's hard to do but if you want it, you have to keep pushing for it!
I know I just met you and this might sound crazy but here's my number so call me mabey ;)
Competition today<3
What is one of your marketing goals for this year?
My aunt lives out there, say for me!
Ahh, what could be nicer than fresh air and sunshine flowing thru my house....
Hey it might be time to take some of your cynical BS it shove it where the sun don't shine. Stop hatin on
#interviewtip DGE having quality references ready is key even if you dont include them on ur resume, have them ready 2 go if asked 4 them.
RT : Not just when people are handing out kitschy representations of our cultures. Viva Mexico, cabrones.
Don't be afraid of growing stronger. Only be afraid of standing still.
You preach the love of God yet you condemn others to hell, that's not love
Hope Brodus slips & busts his ass on tear puddle!
Awesome, bro!!!
HAHHAH POOR SLEPPY MRS. HENDERSON HAH IS A STORY CALLED EYE OF THE STORM 20 CHAPTERS
US immigration has less answers than the dmv! But.....at least they are pleasant. !
Is it really a secret about who the main character is in the ChristMas story?
I never seem to fail, when it comes to neglecting twitter. #I'mBackHoes
cool i just got back from eating
Full day of strategic planning. Was awesome. RT Arrived in #Charlotte, ready to facilitate a good retreat. Should be fun
Sharing the VP story to explain why corporations still hide the truth about their choices & don't look back.
Thanks for your patience giveaway winners. All new designs will be coming your way! Thanks for your continued support!
Not what I meant!
Nice! I still need to book my ticket but it'll probably be tuesday-thursday. I'll keep you posted!
#SignsAFightBout2Breakout Whhen you know that your hearst been pounding too long and then shit
#HEATPlayoffs: has a lower abdominal strain. He will not return."
I get that age thingy all the time, by the way. It's more of no way you are not..let me see some id. lol
I went to the rest room too
Thx for mentions/RTs/FFs! Have a great week!
love your background brosky bro
delivering to most of you this eve to avoid the big storm tomorrow, Seattle!
so glad you like this oldie! I may have to break it out and play it the next show you're at!! :)
It is incredible that you still own the rights to 'Orange Soda.' TO GOD BE THE GLORY!!! :)
Derek Fisher: Through the Years
song are so powerfull
Skeet skeet skeet watergun.
Everything's better with you.The music sounds better with you <3
I see your boy Trent going to Cleveland...
Is it Friday yet? Just checking.
I'm glad it's Wednesday because I can write consistently for the rest of the week & then rest guilt free on the weekend. Hallelujah.
": how to make a girl scream by saying 4 words: "Hi, I'm Austin Mahone."
got you
Sad part about the whole situation is that's probably somebody's father. Haha
Awesome...PERFECT day for the Chev's. Now go beat the Evil Empire! HMD to Trac too
Boyfriend cover. <3
what in THE HELL is Katy Perry wearing????
Great win Beavers! Can't wait to see you go all the way again!
shawty u my e'rrythang u all i ever wanted😘 #BestIEverHad ❤
A Chicken Caesar Salad at 5am? Why not?
FOLLOW THEY ALSO PRINTING THE NEW LINE OF CLOTHING WE ARE LAUNCHING NEXT YEAR We So Fresh Clothing Co. Spring 2012 stay tuned
ayyyy! Lol what are your birthday plans?
thanks!! I am! Never stop! :)
Being at home I find that I have less time to tweet than on the road. I guess that is what 2 kids and a wife does: keeps you occupied.
It's time
What a blessing you are to so many.
lmaooo, your right
Can someone help CP3 when he trapped.
delighting in the fact that a movie called "Titanic 2" is now available on Netflix Watch Instantly
all the team is in NYC! it was great to see them today and get some face time for 2012 planning!
you better come to class Thursday! It'll be our last one together! :(
Let's go Maryland!!
Some days I can't believe how lucky I am to have such an amazing kid. It may just be the two of us, but that just makes our bond stronger.
cool makeup work !
Want to get started working at an ad agency? We've got a job for you. DM me now.
RUDE.RUDE.RUDE.
June 2nd. Birthday celebrations. Stay posted.
#nowplaying - "T.G.I.F" by (wishing it was Friday!!)
Thanks, how are you doing?
billboard connection
I'd love to know the kind of deal Cruz made to get Bravo...I'll bet it's not that great. He left because of Vermes. Bank it.
7 GIFTS FOR THE WEIGHT CONSCIOUS. Shopping for a friend who’s watching the scale? Here’s a list of gifts that will please any dieter – and…
it's goin down tomorrow
Be nice to everyone new you meet, you never know what challenges they might be facing.
Thank you, thank you, thank you for updating the syncing. I see my reading plan from my mac on the iPad for the first time this year!
We are now available in Attach- Cumberland and Perimeter mall
RT : Really great talk on "how technology is helping the world" - thanks to and Nico Preston
11 Make A Wish - A world in peace :)
and he wouldve went to the camp/college you go to before you go pro but his dad was dying so he had to help work
would you guys mind if we featured you on our website? :)
KEEP CALM AND LOVE CODY <3
“If you’ll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives.” - Vince Lombardi
Time to take care of shit now
of course then espn would have to change their cover story lol
What the hell is Pepsi next
Beer is the cure to a bad cough
Heading to office late Sunday afternoon. #tshirtstoprint & #cdstomake. #goodproblem to have. Thankful for all the CD/DVD & t-shirt printing
Can't wait to join the team! RT : Happy to have in the office tomorrow. Nice to have her help.
Fingers: sprained little finger
well now that you threw in the #FOG hug.. that's a different story.... hm. wait.. still nope :)
West LA to Sherman Oaks in 1.5 hours. 10 miles. 1.5. Now I understand why audio books exist.
Hurt my leg running home with #oomf yesterday
LBJ is a more rounded Bernard King or Dominique Wilkins . . . he can fill up a stat sheet as well as if not better than anyone, but he ...
it was awesome meeting you at Sams party! Have a wonderful day lady :-)
Much respect for that Sarah Palin tweet....speak free or hold that tongue...
Yup! that's right! Chopper's Sports Grill is on Twitter
Babe calls me a hater cuz I still made him buy me sumthing lol I'm not a mother......ah well
I love Annie too. I laughed early on but it just never evolved beyond the single gag stage for me. I wish it were better ;)
HARVARD SQ: We have Strawberry Shortcake and Vanilla-Cinnamon flavors!
Infrastructure upgrades are continuing! Feel free to contact us through our home page to find out how we can serve you!
Feeling like no one likes me or wants me around :( thanx I guess il stay at home for the rest of my life because no one will hang out w/me
Not enough Santorum-time for you? :-)
X'in my next class
why u always so mean An mad all the time?
Botox, Lifestyle Lift, or PhotoShop.... Decisions, decisions....
Agreed! RT : Props to Braden Holtby. What a run!
we're in the beginning stages of a planning a conference on the Federalist Party for Oct. 2013. Will keep you updated.
Ah nation loves you
pretty ok day today :p
YouTube. My usernames xxxmalice
practice today :D
Random act of kindness today: girl in front of me at Tartine covered my tab. Sweet start to July!
I'd be prouder if you'd submitted a patch. But it's better than nothing I guess
Great meeting with Opened my eyes.
$DNAD is strong... i attribute that to a great shareholder group!
I wonder why.
Yes I do fit into a youth 3.5 nike soccer cleat,& yes if it wasn't a neon gatorade yellow I would have bought them.
#cfaleadercast Leadership is idiosyncratic, but most leadership development is formulaic. Marcus Buckingham
you gonna get all 5 i think i'm just gonna get 2 for now, i'm poor, lol
My aunt is telling my niece gay isn't okay unless it's on tv. Nice.
I kill it and people giving a response lets me know I did thank u
Joc need to hurry up. I want sum McDonald's.
they dont believe in #evolution down here. What kind of fun are you really expecting?
We were clearly unprepared for the response following the Competition & Articles. Our website was shut down! Never fear. IT is on it!
Nasty weather outside for Texas, but it'll change. Lots of housekeeping before the re-immersion into the dark abyss of coding. Sweet abyss.
BItch say she dont like dark niggas
Life doesn't copy art, it imitates bad tv.
RT : give it up , there's gonna be a #thunderstorm all over that Lake show.
Alien Encounters: Speculative and Imaginative Fiction by Writers of Color Thursday, September 2, 2010 at 6:30pm...www.afpls.org/aarl
-AKA- Young Blake. I just finished listening to 'Audio Thoughts Vol.' U SPIT FIRE MY BOY. KEEP IT MOVIN & GOD BLESS! :-)
I'll be there running the other agent tonight. I hope I get to see you!
Might be placebo but the gun seemed to run better today with
I always said if I got 100 followers I would step it up
Most excellent. Thank you.
i clicked my mouse over 10,000 times today
You're welcome.
Over 800lbs of weight loss in the room tonight!! It's great to see people getting healthy
TGIF! What's everyone up to this weekend?
Mascara is the key to gorgeous, glam eyes! One way to get the most of it is to add some curl! It will make your eyes look wider.
you are so incredibly beautiful Cherl please follow me :)
Number game!! Tweet me or DM me numbers!! (:
Where is the party at?
thanks for your help (:
RT Our blog's 1 year anniversary is tommorrow. Can we get a retweet?
Good morning all!! Have a great Monday!!
fuck first class , I'm in the cock Pitt.
RT this if you love your #Mother! Happy Mother's Day!
You keep me from feeling lonely when I'm alone.
And I thought you were about to make some progress in becoming less and less of my most ratchet friend.
Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts. - Arnold Bennett
Court rules ban on same sex marriage in California is unconstitutional. Todd Hicks TMJ4
Confirmation bias=new H1N1. affects cons & dems.Unlike H1N1'fear is very real, no antidote or awareness.
Happy Weekend! Feel free to Download my song "Someday Soon" at www.myspace.com/rachelmargaretmusic. xoxo Rachel
Sunday night shout out to some writers & editors. Hope it's a great week!
release your album on your jersey # Jan 5
omfg, I want pizza now.
Twitter is basically just you having a conversation with yourself hoping that someone else will join in
pretty please open a milkshake city in australia?! my parents won't bring me to england for a 1D shake!
he is really gross.....
let's all chill again soon
Happy Mothers Day! ;D Great day so far, went to church and bought new shoes, now going out to lunch soon! : D
Peace grits and lotsa snaps yalllllllllll
Orange juice + box of tissues + soup = sick in bed supplies.
goodbye, I love you.
Clutter means anything that stands between you & the vision you have for your best life, it’s so much more than just the stuff. Peter Walsh
Loving the fast WiFi connection at home!! No hotel log-ins, just right online. Nothing but gratitude right now.
Kiki magazine is the real deal. GREAT mag for girls w/ fun AND substance. my lib subscribed 2 yrs ago. They have a booth.
sounds good. I will eat everything in sight D: cause I'm a monster.
Waking up early is amazing!
i need to know if you have feelings for her :p but i can't ask you because i know you will say no no matter what :'c
This week was too crazy to be classified as good or bad, and what just happened is total confirmation of that.
That guy is flaming.
Much better. But my dual Xeon workstation is about 3-4 years old compare to i7 which is 6 months old and better specs.
Morning Rockstars! > Hope is the dream of a man awake. - French Proverb
hey! follow back?
Beach Boy Rad is a Political Atheist and all of you 99% of you are not.
are you gonna come in!? o have a new idea or something of the sort lol! its aneed to know asap thing! lol
great! Looking forward to starting! Thanks :-)
OMG!!! I can't even look at that!!! I feel like I'm going to throw up, that's SICK! I WANT that child!!!
All over, it just depends on what I have to do next.
Thanks honey bun!
shuttle bus on the track?
Great rates are just a phone call away 314.845.0363
I'm about to stab my own eyes out from boredom.
yea you are?!
so instead of taking up a vote on #VAWA, is holding a vote right now on allowing DC to use cap grounds for soapbox derby.
I'd consider it if it weren't for the kids....
Seal Team 6 rocks! Congrats on a mission well done...but definitely not over!
No problem!
Other arts/culture orgs: Do you have any methods or insights to share on the side? Not scientific, but always helpful to hear.
lol I'm taking a break for a while in Chicago :) there's so much to explore here!
I made my mom a painting. Posting it later
If you get the wink... Lets just say your in the money.
Merry Christmas and New Year from Tax Brandywine! 4 more days until the Welcome Home EP release show!
I don't have a short temper, I just have a quick reaction to bullsh!t.
I don't get you
always.. I want a baby at least once a week
For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith-and this not from yourselves, it is the gift of God. -Eph 2:8 --
Hahaha. Yes. Thought would be fun to play around with one for her, but as soon as I made it, it wasn't as great as expected. Lol
Assuming without positively knowing #WhyDoPeopleDoThis"
uh yes i have a stripper song, I have a few ... For behind closed doors with that special someone lol
Super Excited about TONITE - - Huge #ShoutOut & Coming thru Tonight
I'll be watching from Boston, good luck !
The Secretary of the Navy announced that one of the two new Freedom-class littoral ships being built in WI will be named the USS Milwaukee!!
So quiet in Fenway I just heard someone's IPhone get a text message on the NESN broadcast.
Today: Day 6 of the #phametour - sorry to cancel 1st tour stop due to virus outbreak at senior ctr; we'll be at Rose Villa at 1:30 pm!
Need more moments like these..with sun and time with my journal...
remembered another link. The list of authors who Skype for free
If u need something or wanna talk just DM me!!!:)
So by Briton, do they mean the guys who slaughtered folks in the name of God during the crusades? Could I recommend the "Crosses"?
he keeps tryin to talk to her it's so annoying
Hey girl! Do u know if they are having casting in LA again this May? Nothin is posted
Just get a donkey RT : Fox Sports exec Eric Shanks says likely soccer fans will see Piers Morgan again on its pregame show.
We're going to announce our grand prize winner in 10 minutes! That person will win an #MomInspired Gift Bag with iPad!
How are we treating others in out life as we work to achieve our championship in the game of life
I just looked at a shot and said "I don't need to take that"...I'm turning into an amateur drinker.
eating ice cream! jus melted a block of chocolate in the microwave then pour it all over my ice cream my favorite yummy!
Gotta love watching Family Guy
My husband is making me watch this mess on tv...mess=lakers...LOL
oh i know. jeff has a problem cena dont
"fun, fun, fun, fun, lookin forward to the weekend"
Check out the diamond dezign ideas promotions on the diamond networ!
My best friend is donating warehouse space for the Diaper Bank. My warehouse space is EMPTY & we needs DIAPER donation's to fill it!
So, those Cleveland Occupy bombers are potential friend/mentors of the Democrats 2024 presidential candidate.
Rainy day
Giving thanks today to Friends of Fondren for endowments & gifts : much appreciated!
Adele is a beautiful woman but not because she can sing her ass off but because her personalty and her ability to be so humble is astounding
True nobility is in being superior to your previous self.
TIP: When driving down the Pacific Coast of California... DONT STAY IN EUREKA!
that's how I feel about my internet! $75/month for decent speed!
yes an Tamara was right there along with her till now
I've been sitting here for like 3 hours trying to do this damn AP essay, and I've still got nothing. anoihsf(FF(R#BNF(*D#BRUNRFC(*#!!!!!!!!!
#Linsanity takin' over the fourth quarter....again! Go
I need to bring you something but I can't go out. What would you like me to draw for you?
bells black note stout
Let's start this Holiday season right. Times have changed, Americans struggle everyday to keep their jobs, pay bills and put food on the ta…
LOVED it. you guys did amazing as usual:)
OPTR PUTS could make some nice coin.
