My sister hasn't come home yet. lucky ass I wish I had friends
I also hate Rush Limbaugh. However, on the flip, I hate Olbermann and Maher as well.
STILL LOOKING FOR 1 PERSON IN THE ROOM UNDER 40 YEARS OLD
PJ, Popovich, Pat Riley made players play their system! Players did not have options!
I am still networking. Looking to have a new position line up by 8/1. Probably optimistic goal, but have to have something to shoot for!
Thanks for all the love on the existing handbag line guys! Just got new styles/colors in today so sorting through and photographing soon!
Nine more hours...
shut your mouth, Michael.
#threewordstoliveby Finish Blowing Me
If I have to risk myself in order to not let you step over me, I will
Hi Sweetheard how are u?
Great! Glad you liked it!
Wise and mature people never mock the misfortunes of others!
..Wine in my tall glass! Wreckboyz nigga Big Shit Like a horse ass!
lol thanx and i was in the process of cleaning up lmao
The girl im baby sitting just told me how she accidentally watched porn last night on her iPad. Shes 8.
read somewhere that it's South Africa and China.
Super horny Right now i need to feel ur p@$&! Slidin down My d&!# u know u like it when i pull ur hair.
Uhh i heard that the #princeofpeace was a nice person.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Geneva & Houston Counties until 07:00 AM
Treat your lover right. Not just once every 365 days. Happy valentines day!!
My pockets kinda heavy so I'm feeling kinda big ! #butimnotarapper lol
Always wear sunblock! I love my mom!!!
RT : it was great participating in #SMTulsa via Live Stream. WOOF WOOF
A good teacher doesn't give you the answers, he points you in the right direction and then let's you make your own choices. - Glee :)
oh lol omg ok imma DM it to u
ha-ha sorry no
This Tweet is BLM Approved.
I missed it too. Hope had fun (I was busy packing for my trip)
If there is anything I am, its fair.
How exactly? They didn't put it on the ballot in NC. They didn't fire Richard Grennell? Well, there is Joe Biden... :)
Thanks for following Great apparel concept. Excited to see what you do in 2012!
yes the private equity guys get really profound as they struggle to provide work life balance advice to their portfolios cos
as long as you're alert and oriented times three, you have nothing to worry about.
I love your support for Niall!! You are so appreciated by the true directioners! <3 <3 <3
At #DecodedFashion today with ! Excited to see so many familiar faces.
This weekend I splurged on some of my fav foods. Had awesome poundcake made by It was amazing...
Forget You!
Popped off a Glock and a 1911 today. The 1911 was bad ass!
MRT Recently heard someone say u can't get nuance on Twitter or FB. I agree completely. That's why art needs u there in person.
Oh errthing im finna go home and bump all the boosie I can download
Let's Go Green Bay! Wisconsin Stand-Up!
A scrub is a guy who thinks he fine~
Hello good sir!!
happy to hear it! stay warm and cozy. BTW, it's Bachelor night, you watching? I am!
Mixing a new jam. Ya heard?
How many times have you had brides want that tragic song in their wedding?
How far from the Peabody are you? Thanks!
No one has ever said "You can play with that until I give it to the monkeys." Maybe Jane Goodall.
Bring mr.back sometjing.nice ;)
good seeing you too !!!
My 13 hr shift money is all going to the courts tomarrow:(
HT Thanks for the tip! Let's start putting together a library of resources...
#gradnation Loving this panel discussion. Best so far - getting great ideas to take back to my school system.
Man I need to eat lunch like this every day shesh
Nothing like starting Easter off with a 10 mile run
Up too early, with too much on my mind..
all I want to do is pee in a water park.
It ain't killin me so I must be gettin stronger!!!!
Every bitch wants to be me.
Temple run killin my battery
Hey Thanks for the follow!
The ads that you see are different for everyone - they are based on search topics, your age and IP address.
Bennyducks has apparently wandered into a lost Monty Python sketch. #totheendsoftheearth or
good because was hard
"Same-sex couples should be able to get married" ~Obama. "Homosexuals will not inherit the kingdom of God." ~GOD. You decide...
Paperwork Reduction Initiative -- what is needed in NYS EI.
Im so tired. I cant sleep.
i just learned schoeneman has a blog
believe it or not, my best material is when we lose.. ha
We self destructed tonight. Gotta get back in form.
Great video! (and nice beard) :D
Happy Friday, tell someone today how much you love them. Don't waste precious time on silly stuff, spend your time wisely.
so cold
Thanks Jorge! RT : Great night at last night.
i'm not even at school -___-
I wanna work with on music with anyone. So if you do rock,country,pop,gospel anything hit me up. I'm always down too collab.
check out
Just waiting for #NFLDraft pick's college coach to say, "What a lollygagger. I cannot BELIEVE he got picked!"
#Its2012WhyYouStill ... because Peter Hook ran out of Joy Division legacies to exhume
Hey check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their Quarterlife Crisis @ stratejoy.com for some inspiration! Ur not alone! :)
I'm missing this week's #MadMen so I can watch the 2-hr series finale of #DesperateHousewives. Mad Men, Desperate Houswives. Amazing titles!
Back-to-back threes courtesy of Thornton for the #Spartans. They cut it to five. 20-15
City High playing on #RadioNOW... Mega flashback happening right now!!!
i hate realizing that you have clearly moved on, and i still have hope.
Thanks all for the follow!
Wow, Whitney Houston has passed away... Very tragic.
Pretty sure I just passed Malcolm Gladwell on the street.
well behaved women rarely make history!
theres no point in sitting around and thinking about what would have been, you just have to give it a try and hope everything works out :)
Need The Invisibl Skratch Piklz to reunite for a #49ers tribute mix
no way. It is a style.
You know; a mint julep is probably more exercise-y
Chiropractor,dog fasion disco, being sick and in a massively horrid mood someone please make me smile today since I feel like crying :(
The Grand Hyatt San Francisco will begin work on the final phase of the $70 million dollar renovation
Forist: have to remember that visitors you meet roving aren't necessarily the same you meet at your 'formal' programs
Welcome to #CreativeGood. Any questions, let us know. BTW, how was Tallinn? cc
No woman will ever be truly satisfied because no man will ever have a chocolate penis that ejaculates money
its funny even though im not home for mothers day im still cleaning my place. normally when im home i would clean the house 4 mom.
Voluntold: Being informed that volunteering is not an option.
Post-commencement nap!
I'm pretty much done.
I cook 3 days worth of food at once on the grill. I have my own BBQs
I loved The Artist and think it totally deserves Best Picture.
When was the last time u were tired as hell & had 2 deal w/ someone on some Mr Snuffleupagus type siht, breathing all hard and carrying on?
Super thanks to all the UK and EKU fans for a wonderful United Way Day at Commonwealth! Thank you for your tremendous support!
Missing my tonight!
Neither one of us trusts each other. So we fuck till we bust, till we cuss each other out.
Dark hair and light blue eyes is scary to me...
WAR ON FAMILY!! “: In the U.S. you are 78 times more likely to be killed by a violent family member than a terrorist.”
Singing Happy Birfday 2 Ya ! Ha!
get your butt online!!! Your almost at #500kmahomies!!!!!!! :D
There are moments where Chris Christie is singularly awesome. Then there are some other moments!
Hope you can make it too!
OO: i wear a uniform in the school lol
Oh yea tmobile on they shit, they sent me a new brand new phone in a day for free.
I see a subtweet.
but I'm not watching you... yet ;) LOL JK JK
oh oh oh oh I followed them!(;
good luck sleeping
I think my new #1 way to identify hipsters is to look for people using instead of
like him too! And how 'bout Neil Diamond? “: I'm more of a Tom Jones guy, myself.
I'm in. and my son too. I cant take any more Darling!
Man I swear
What? is on the radio now?? I don't suppose the Grammys had anything to do with that
All the #Rangers do is respond & take the lead!
can't believe you're playing in the Garden! a year ago, I was just hoping your album would release in the USA! #sohappy! :)
Difficult takes a day and imposible takes a week......loyalty
Why would anyone want to suck a dick?
All mankind love a lover. by Ralph Waldo Emerson.
My bestfriend and I can speak to each other through facial expressions.
we love you too.
begins a one-act play, The Last Orbit of Rhonda, written over the last two months as Sylvia settled into Northbrook, Illinois.
why is EVERYTHING happening next week?!
“: Texas Lottery just announced the #MegaMillions jackpot is now $640 million.” Holy crap!
haha oops! I am now!
Sucks to be John Travolta this week! There's a 3rd accuser! And the 2nd one has proof. Full story with the dirty at 6:35.
Every time you think they should be rolled out in wheelchairs they prove you wrong!
Good Morning.
I don't know which one to choose!!!!!
“: Welcome to Cleveland Brandon Weeden!!! Let's win!!”
just txted my mom and told her I want a bowl of Cheerios ?
There's some people stumbling away from the bar at ses ny
HEY JEFFERY...WE LOVE YA UP HERE IN NC...F/S...
Lol! Yeah I have a weird memory like that. Anyway forgot to say congrats on your graduation. Did you end up visiting Cali?
yo girl cedes let me to your profile.. funny huh.
Sen. Lucio reads letter of support into record at UT Regents meeting. Med school is #1 priority for 83rd session for
There's so much shit I have to pay for this month...and I HATE spending my money.
me three
Feel like a failure as a mom. My mom's on her way to take the baby overnight so I can sleep for once. Feel guilty as hell.
Thanks for all the RTs during our Blue Sunday campaign, Shelly!
More we gone get fucked up, no excuses no apologies.
need some help, brah?
I apologize to everyone I didn't call/txt/DM/tweet/fbook chat/oovoo/skype & answer the door for this summer!.
I hate thunder.
I think we have an announcement to make in 24 hours!!
I yelled...unfortunately. RIP. RT : Kevin Costner failed.
and me
Kid1 has a friend with the surname "Yongue". I know it rhymes with "tongue" but I can't help thinking of her as Friend Yawn Goo.
Health Tips: if you don't eat fish 3 times a week or more at least take a daily small gram of high quality low Omega3!
Katie Cassidy is in EVERYTHING.
Who will be our 700TH follower!?!? Hopefully we'll find out TODAY!!! :)
Apparently they're making a sequel to the movie Twin's and calling it Triplets with Eddie Murphy playing the third brother...
Every single day. I swear.
Visit from the clutter fairy! RT : I want a clothesline for Mother's Day.
at least once a week until it gets too hot here in AZ then I move on to my Steelers tank tops :-)
Funny thing is Im down by 12 right now. Had I played finley, i wouldve won already. If I win I'm in the playoffs. Lose I'm out
Don't miss 's live chat tomorrow! They have a big announcement coming!
I think you can
Yes just a little and I'm already taken...lol
via did I really use the word wasteland? Ah well, I hope my presentation was informative, nonetheless.
Don't let schooling interfere with your education. - Mark Twain
BEWARE THE IDES OF MARCH!!!!!! A.K.A. Come grab a Maple Bacon milkshake with your choice of delicious burger at the B!
broke his leg ! I sat down and heard it crack - time for a new computer desk chair :(
I DID CNT WAIT TO SEE U GUYS IN DALLAS TX ON JULY 14 WA..SO EXCITED LOVE U?
*Collaborative thinking=brain babies *12 yrs in comedy=pre-teen *I've had a brain child w/many partners.
Eff u and u and YOU!!! Im tired of being the nice giy
" dont worry bout me making money, im n love with a girl that makes plenty of it... She'll be my sugar momma ;)"
probably in a haze Monday and Tues
RT: U ain't nun u say u is u a ckarackter
too many.
What is it exactly that you want? We have it all, for FREE.
Nobody to text...
getting ready for the holidays. we'll have several hundred new releases being put up within the next week! :>)
clay interview?
Get my new camera next week =D
Hey guys! Check out my friends at #foodiechats! They're talking about eating healthy. What healthy greatness do you eat that's SO GOOD?
With graduations across the country, many new #jobseekers are entering the market. How's your #resume look? We have courses that can help.
Memories with "I know my dog could kick your dog's ass..so don't even try me, Duncan is a merciless son of a bitch"
I have not yet seen ANY ripple building a current that can sweep away Autism prejudice in ANY state or federal Court in the U.S.
We need a good album name
Chicago investment manager donating $30 million to DePaul University's business school - Chicago Tribune Investment manager and philanthr
Nice garden! Where is it?
Finally got postiive response from today. Still waiting on results, but finally getting heard. Twitter rocks!
Twitter i know I've been gone. I'm back!!!!
Great bout last night, ladies!
I am on the Black and Gold bandwagon.
Not enough ...
Muscle man is headed to #Seattle for #snomageddon. Are we in for it? I think he may jinx it.
are you coming for business or pleasure?
What is NEPAD in your own words?
RT : You know your dedicated to the gophers when you are watching the hockey game on a 4.5 inch screen
Its time to ride. Perfect weather in New York city. Check out our site if you need a good bike. www.spcarbon.com
starting pitching was atrocious. Rick Mahler was the Ace.
#NowThatImOlder i realized giving head is mandatory for a happy relationship..who da thunk.
You should follow me(:♥
all I want to say is that they dont really care about us
im in love with this show. Why can't it be on every day of the week!
thx! There's a lot of slang most of us know nothing of its origin. Appreciate the knowledge. Professionals aren't perfect.
I respect myself.
Jews go to the movies on xmas and AC for Easter! Fun night peeps!!
and Lou Ferrigno just appeared..WOW
be careful traveling through all the rain <3
thank for following tell your friends about and
Thanks for the follow Alan and Co!
so NBC would only have what...the biggest loser? Lol...which I stopped watching years ago
Triple X with Icecube>> Triple X with Vin Diesel #
Nobody wants to put this LEGO Millennium Falcon together with me so I guess I'll do it myself!
Fuck anyone who supports the Tampa Bay Rays!!!
I was in town for my home inspection; buying in Summerlin. Currently @ McCarren for flight back to SNA.
This is gon be some real sh*t Im bout to say so LISTEN!! ANY OF U CAN MAKE IT U JUST HAVE 2 CONSTANTLY BETTER UR CRAFT & PROMOTE FEARLESSLY!
Can we get some here at HQ? :)
I buy it for my guitars. And Walmart and albertsons are always out!
“: Your = Belongs to me. You're = You are. Learn the difference before you text me again.” Hahahaha
i love my cat, manny, but i totally agree. CAT PEE IS GROSS. actually, manny just peed on doug's drum bag RIGHT IN FRONT OF US
now it's time for abc 123
The more we make being LGBT everyday normal & people know the names & faces & lives of our families the more they take the leap & support.
Feel That Happy Feeling....
(Aero) Spacetweeps ! RollCall! for #drydensocial (oh god it is early except for you east coast folks)
Senior week at MU...see you on Wells St at 11:30. Tuesday @ Schlitz Park, Wed @ MU, Thursday @ 3rd Ward, Friday @ MU.
Bella Cotton Spandex Fitness Yoga Pant – Black 810 Large
I just had the best dream, a dream that i met mac miller.
Bed. Waken up at 7. Gotta start waken up at decent hours for school.
Today's #fantasybaseball spot start is nick Blackburn, available in 90% of yahoo leagues. For more fantasy help, check the website.
yes I am making more films
A great #existential opening
finally outta the hosiptal & done w/ surgery! now theres only one thing to do. take over the world! lol poppin percs and recording all day!
#FunFact & I were on the same episode of
Candlesticks would be good
Now your just somebody that I use to know
Do the math on medical treatment for your reader. Effectiveness is as important as cost.
I gotta get back to 4 services per sunday
P.S. Sure, Theo said he could write the reporters' stories, but everyone at Wrigley today could write that game's ending.
Had a terrific discussion with some of my 7th graders today about the Sacco and Vanzetti trial! Their observations and questions were great.
Sure shoot me an email at
You irritate me
Jamal Crawford - Portland is awesome! We need you!!
sold me some killer kicks. Thanks my friend.
South Asian fiction,brilliant characters scathing human flaws cultu baggage spanning 3 continents amazon release "Velvet Pavilions" mar 2010
Impossible, Tom's upstairs!
just finiching up designs, should be for sale in about 3 weeks. New Tees, A few Hats and some hoodies. Come out to Massive Sat!!!
Never make your girl feel like she in competition with another girl..
Time to get another
Please pray for me and we were in a wreck were in the emergency room love y'all:( bye bye yellow car
watching behind the music - AKON ;D lol
Oh I know right ;) <3
NOW it's the Grammy's!!! Adele GOT THIS!
Do you know the 10 most common etiquette mistakes? Tune in Saturday night when I join Jordan Rich to discuss that and much more. WBZ 1030AM
Pretty sure my blood has turned to red bull
Me too. I think goals are more tangible than resolutions.
Need to tweet things people care about!! For example, just had a Twix bar!!
Yes. That is Johnny Brennan's Jack Tor...s as Scott in "Family Gay."
what are you jealous ?
Can the MLS become like La Liga or the Premier League already?
It's hard to trust people
lol no not yet bro
World Premier of G-Vo's new music video in 1 hour! Stay tuned!
wow seniors did a nice job with the floor.... not.
thx, Fifty Shades of Grey, now Hustler sent our library subscription deals. we'll pass till they toss in a life-like Gertrude Stein vaheena.
i need a new twitter name
Hey, thanks!
So close to 600 followers, wow :)
not at all, im a Kagawa fan but Hazard was the link to UTD for a while.
is somethn so special...oh boy
Thinking of buying a home without a buyer's agent. Think again! Solid chance you could overpay or even overlook the inspection.
Can I favorite an entire conversation?
show is entertaining but booms is the worst when it comes to any thing sports browns london now down there with lbj not top10
"When this guy smashed me into pieces as a human being?"
At ISTE corporate member breakfast listening to the latest ( & interesting)Speak Up data
I've been trying to put a response together but it's a project, not a blog post. Still trying to make it happen.
no problem. Will check your stuff out!
One hour 'til speaks in the #VCU Commons Theater -- the midpoint of my Week of Geek between & THATCamp
I thought the purpose of ghostwriting was NOT to reveal your identity (?)
just driving back from H-town. Gonna miss the Pachanga.
Hey, tried to shoot you an email, but the address changed? Will be in NYC on Tuesday, and I owe you a long overdue cup of coffee..
Just made it to TX
Glad you could join us!
Join us @ 7p as the "HOG's" own Frank & Tracy both show off their #poker skills in our $65 buy-in HOG Radio tourney!
Great friends are what make my world go 'round. Together we work on healhy living and each other we hound. Now our trim bodies astound!
Time to Slap cancer tonight at the Brickyard for some happy hour!
#lmxuncon12 was the biggest & best one ever! 70 ppl registered from all over NJ, including RU library students. networking!
Ridiculous houses. Heading to sofar sounds with some great international talent
Congrats to #76ers! What a game! What a game !
RT : Is gmail down for anyone else?? YES!!
Some of these shows the new age soap operas just less script & actin...can't be mad I was hooked on All my children soap.
Kind of like the Schwarzenegger-DeVito movie "Twins" but with more hair gel.
Gringrich is at it again! Master of misseducation!
For those at you are too busy to leave the creative environment..call in your orders and we'll deliver, no delivery fee.
I just did! And no one has ever deserved it more.
It's amazing how one person can change your life and always make you happy no matter what:) I love you:)
Made my swimming goal! While sore.
good win tonight ladies. titanic 3d tomorrow then staying at jamis all weekend.
Big East football is mediocre based on Bowl results
I Just Broke Montez Necklace O.O
that's the spirit!
Almost the end of the year and I've completed all goals. Friends with josh, Joshua and garrett again and met an amazing guy, Dustin. :)
strange, I knew you were going to respond in exactly that way! 💆
Checking out Twitter.
Two more school days to Spring Break!! Can't wait! Looking forward to sleeping in!
Holy F, look at that awesome t-shirt!
good luck!! Miss you!
MFers r just too much for me dese days...
I am multi-lingual. I speak English, redneck, Texan, and a little Spanglish.
"compound marketing = duplication", in a good way “: Don't believe anything they say...about basketball cc: ”
haha bro you look like a cardboard cutout
I.give banging ass advice but for some strange reason I don't pledge what I preach -.- fml
The DOJs #ebook price-fixing case is riveting stuff! Penguin to DOJ - see you in court. It's on!
It's nice to see you embracing social media! When can we be friends on Facebook?
I'm tempted to say that scholarly engagement outside of libs should be required
We're trialing Facebook ads (w/ a drawing) to increase our consumer health Facebook page. Day 1 seems to be off to a good start.
Picked up Mind the Gap #1 by and Higher Earth #1 by today. CANNOT WAIT TO SAVOR!!!
What's the best book you've read so far this year?
Get free leads! Check out our website.
it's been so long since they last did a real deal tour. Guesses on when the next one will be? Ever?
you guys are awesome dancers lol
Micropublishing will play an important role in the future of books and how we perceive our culture, our world, life.
Love that name! So cute! :)
RT : U ready to #SuitUp?! {flash} sale 4/24-eom will help us dress students of w our #PerSuit program!
I like when my friends imitate me. I just die laughing!!
There's an inverse relationship between how much you like a shirt and its suitability for having a wireless mike attached at its collar.
Back to writing about viruses and the people who study them....
Did before but aint nun happen...
Listening to Elliott Smith today and thinking we need to cover one of his songs very soon.
oh morning world (:
Thanks, that's what I thought
are you going to wear a frisbee on your head tomorrow like xtina?!?
Stepmom on abc family
think Inglesias and/or Lavarnway should go to PawSox or stay with big club?
If you missed it....BREAKING NEWS: vs JDilla has something very special planned for Feb 15th at Moct! -- honeynoir ()
I know, right?!
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms nightclubs VIP for Playboy|Moon|ghostbar|Rain. Just wanted to confirm your coming to party tonight!?...
PANEL INFO: Online and in the Audience SIS-113 #OnAud Moderator Panel & Sean Kane
game looks awesome
I'm not impressed with the premium deal. $19/mo and only psd related content? I can get everything from for $25/mo.
watch it Parker.
Pinnacle Flight Attendants Gain Chance To Vote For World's Largest Flight ... - MarketWatch (press release)
can't believe the mets are losing to the Pirates- again!
some pills which pills??I bought Halls earlier works @ the moment& seems like the only moment one tends to swallow the most!
that's the slow class doe
RT : Win or go home Boston Celtics at Atlanta Hawks 7026737032 for guestlist to the I will take care of your needs
followed back :)
RT : We're taking applications for freelance literary publicists! Send resume & cover letter to
Thanks Andy!
Get Straight To It
thats an amazing turnout for those who study abroad. I would encourage all those who want to do it.
link did not work for me...just FYI.
My start-up model. Zero budget. 100% Ganas!
Our authors are using the Authors Advantage program. Don't know if that's available in Asia.
Oh yeah, Noceto. My favorite. You remembered!
Any bands looking to play shows in August? Email ! We've got some shows with open spots! :D
lol thanks :P hot? you can only see a quarter of my face in that pic lol and I have makeup smudges under my eyes
tks for the RT - think of you every time i look at our interior door !
Happy Sunday Twitter Fam!
Recommendations for best Mac screen recorder for Mac (vodcasts and machinima)?
The sparcle in your eyes make me smile, again and again ♥
for good?
☼ The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity. Ayn Rand
Enjoying father/younger daughter time out 2nite. Buying gift 4 her friend's B-day party 2morrow. Daughters choice 4 dinner- Johnny Rockets
% discount from My Plumber on all services (up to $100) for Veterans, Active Duty, Reservists & Family Members Everyday!
After two #homeless nights, I should have a place for tonight and place to go to via bus tomorrow.
“ They Loving the Crew!”
Was it hot in San Diego today or what? Good thing we offer complementary ice cold sweet tea for our Coopsters EVERY day!
sometimes people call the element a truck which makes me blind with rage, the only plan i ever make is to have good times, and no
The most important adage and the only proverb is, the customer comes first, whatever the business, the customer comes first.
Day 3 of employee appreciation week: School Spirit Day. Getting lots of love for and 's jersey
Welcome to SlashGenre a site that will give you our take on different areas, from tech to politics, movies, TV, and other areas.
DJ'd for three nights in a row! I love MusiC! Please consider hiring me for your next event!! www.mattriley.net =)
"Happy First Day of Spring" Colorado! Grab a Premium Roast Coffee and an Egg McMuffin for breakfast and enjoy your day : )
Relax. I was kidding kiddo
;) i knew you would :D
Michael from Dallas just got his twitter up and is ready to start tweeting. He wants 1,000 followers. Thanks
the tv i bought from you the dvd player actually works got a good deal on a combo
People of the world: thx 4 following me on pinterest. I havent had time to pin yet. This is stressing me out. Please be patient.
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work. - Emile Zola
I'm fairly certain I can feel myself getting ulcers from all the caffeine I've ingested in the past 24 hours.
missed you last night, Mr. Remy!
might go to aloe today .
Merck Worth $41 on Solid Growth, Cost Controls
Spot trending now in Burbank, CA: BJ's Restaurant And Brewhouse - Brewery / Microbrewery (live updates)
Who wants to chat ? Anyone ?
Lets Go Sox!!!
just woke up from a solid 3 hour power nap
Texas "Hold Me" Poker is on. Next up...The Spot's Dating Game. Happy V-Day & Singles Awareness Day from The Spot.
The Carter's baby. Spinoffs fall back and know your place.
I want to see a boy sing&play True by Ryan Cabrera.
Man I gotta get start DMing.
lol i showed my actual big sis n my cuzin n they were like u look so pretty! Im like its not me!
free.. Gas is high!! Niggas be on that how many miles to the gallon.. N let's be real its a sponsor lmao
Kmart is the greatest store ever and I’ll punch you in the face if you say otherwise.
#BanzaiLoveYou Went Banzai for the first time yesterday. I am SO in love!
Not at all. And what's YW?
:( ughh You should've took me!
The Colts hired Jim Tressel. Guess this is a good hire except if he sees anything wrong, he wont tell anyone for 9 months
I'm tired.
The worst thing is the partly decomposed cigarette filters after a big rainstorm.
I'm like the best daughter ever.why does my mom need a gift. I'm here everyday.
Students can't support the football team, yet they'll stand in line for three hours for a scrimmage at Allen.
damn africa. You know how to throw a party.
All day ShowTime
Oh look it's still not totally dark out yet, even after class.
People are driving me nuts today. I need a sunny beach vacation. Who wants to join me?
the drive to Kansas would be like a whole day :P
Am I working for free today due to leap year ?!
so sweet thank you :)
“: How did my kids not wake us up until 8AM? A true Christmas miracle!” I had to actually wake up mine!
I cant wait till I get the Saturday Night Extra look of the late evening and its Victoria Secrets new invisible evening wear
I can't believe we have had our antique store open for a year already, wow, time does fly....
Awful Waffle gets the job done every time.
that sucks, I love going to prom, I went to Junior & Senior prom last year, as I am also this year
I'm sticking with my UK bias, but has there ever been a top 4 closer than this? Interchangeable!
Latest bookstore major score: "Radio Free Albemuth" HB Arbor House 1st ed (!!...*but* no DJ)...for a measly 8 bucks!
"The ecstatic love of a young writer for the old writer [s]he will be some day is ambition in its most laudable form."
That guy loved the strikeout so much he had to kiss his gf
I love my bed
Trimming roses..
You'll never know if you don't try. But trust me, it's god! :) RT : anyone use or try taap.it? good, bad, indifferent? thoughts?
People's prejudices can save you a lot of time you'd have wasted expaining yourself.
gah!!!! considering the same. sleep is for suckers.
I fucking love you too.
I just tripped over a midget while at Vanderbilt. That's good luck right?
I've been on youtube for the past hour watching old music videos of the Cheetah Girls...
cool beans !
haha Ikr! It's like,what am I, Jupiter?
Haha, nice! Can iPhone and android people follow each other?
RT : The classroom only does so much. Museums play a crucial teaching role for all ages!
Moving forward with or without
Haha. It don't make it any better that his lyricism is TERRIBLE too.lol. Where you been at doe bruh?
Hey! It's a cross between excavating a mine field and entering a year-end weight loss program! Fun!
I wanted to record it Damn I can't believe I missed it! I just caught the end :(
You were amazing on ABDC (:
Paul Gaston #gened12, mocking epidemiological approach to ed: Exposure to ideas (chicken pox) may result in improved mind (immune system)
I want to! I attemped the other but it looks turrible
2 more missions to complete
Brent Spiner came to our booth while I was gone. Gr.
that doesn't mean all UK fans are like that though. I'm not singling you out, you all do it.
HAPPY NEW YEAR MY DEAR FRIENDS!!! :) A NEW YEAR TOGETHER!!! :::::)
did you win?
Mr.Postman is very sorry about his actions and he wants a fresh start and turning over a new leaf.
Soft shell crab tonight #MelvinUdall would be ecstatic!
Off to the Seattle area. 3 classes today!
This pretty much sums it up lol...although, the music was rather epic-sounding RT Dumbest movie ever created.
i was really hoping dark chocolate Snickers would be better. sad face.
I wouldn't be sad if you brought me a milkshake.
U.S.Cyber Command at Fort Meade Alliance event says initial staffing of command is underway.
I might get a massage for Christmas!!! And possibly a facial! Oh man I'm excited! :)
I love the racing presidents at the Nats game but it somehow feels offensive to the founders of this great nation...
thanks! She is. I just want to be home already. Today is not a good day to correct a missed connect to Boston.
its true needs to realize who he is and accept it is helping him with that
Didn't even think about that. If I get carded next time I buy spices, I'm causing a scene in the store. -JO
You are what you think
Pretty convinced that goldfish is the best snack ever.
got the solar as a gift, but has them.
As long as it's laterally compliant and vertically stiff (or is it the other way around), then it's worth it!
#onewordthatdescribesme nice c;
I bet u could pull it off
hahaha. you know me all too well, Gugs.
Today's been a good day now it's time to go to bed goodnight family
thank you!
When you're dad is in the truck.....then realizes he forgot his wallet... Really dad? you might need that
did you tell her no fucking was in hell?
Finally set up the e-mail list everyone's been asking for! Subscribe to my e-lists for teachers/scout leaders or the general public!...
OK Guys I'm signing off, I've gotta go! If I didn't answer your questions hit me up later or keep watching my videos. TTY tomorrow!!!!
Thank you for the inclusion!
Good Morning! No snow yet, still waiting. Rained all night! :) It's cold and wet this morning...good day to stay in with a fire and work!
Stop tweeting dumb shit
I was thinking (very) fresh fish.
Baby your my "it boy" (:
I don't know, do you think it's the same show both nights?
#MensReproductiveRights on abortion...... you don't have any it's not your body.
Lets go to West Virginia for spring break!
plz follow me!!im a true mahomie
5 posts was put on my facebook profile pg directing to pornographic sites Don't know who put them & don't see how to delete. Suggestions pls
What are you covering in Mexico City and are you still there?
Alright guys, we will be posting a new video each week...so the here is the first! Rehearsing the acoustic version of our song "Beautiful"
yes we sure do!
Yea unfollowed me too. Unfollower is the shit. It shows u immediately so u can unfollow back.
best photographer in the game!
How are you liking Mad Men?
Oh boy I suck, TM103 is trending and I thought it had to do with pokemon....
Are you ready I'm almost with you!
I would say it's hard not to have similar looking ideas, because after 80 years, everything has been used
Never snap the tempo at your accompanist. Tap your leg lightly.
High point today: won indoor league so receiving free t-shirt. bonus.
**bounces happily on balance ball**
you must be on crack
"Why is Anne Kneeland Haggerty omitted from #Glory? Shaw's letters to her show different feelings about men.
Played Shadow Ridge in Palm Desert yesterday. Fantastic course
So much to love in my hometown...and so much to run screaming from! ha! Yes, I am in Boulder.
Sadly, yes!
hahhahah..thanks...likewise!
y? He's a huge liability in the D
O she's a beaut! I can't wait for my first big ride.
yeah you do! It's just shameful at this point. :)
So pick me, choose me, love me. Ugh merideth grey your kill me!!!!!
When I have children I'm naming one of them Finn. I love
187 more miles to my own bed!
You will get the hang of it. :)
Patience is not the ability to wait, but the ability to keep a good attitude while waiting.
I love Mitch Albom's books! That Hana, she has great taste! Mitch is quite a philanthropist as well!
Thanks for the RT, we love the bags!
it's not your fault he's a jerk
My pupils are dilated. What a bizarre feeling. I honestly can't tell if I am typing correctly because I can't see.
Legal tip: in any lawsuit involving property do not forget to include the legal description in any paperwork that goes to the court
Thank you for speaking out.
this kids funny ...Pissah
and ill never 4get when we tried to wash Lady after my mom went to take a nap and said if we woke her up she'd kill us violently
Mad that hasn't followed but its ok can someone help while im away please
lol. please do tell!
Our libs would like to become places for content creation-- as a tech person I always wonder "how do we support that?" :)
Thanks for sharing!
Attendees want both good content and delivery
Good Morning Twitter~ Its a lovely day.
I can't stop listening to Hoodie Allen
RT : There are no hash tags or topics that can accurately define how very sad the passing of the historic MCA is to so many of...
Thank you and back at you (smile)
Winter Storm warning extended to 5AM Saturday. Up to another foot still possible in many areas of the foothills and Denver metro area.
Feeling such admiration for my dear friend
// Now that's good preaching! A good book about that is called Failing Forward by Best wishes, Chekesha!
Something to think about...We are either the sum total of our failures or our successes...or a blended mess!
We are looking for student testimonials to be featured in our annual #NU Library Highlights publication...Why do you love clubsnell?
Email my assistant to be added to our fan meet and greet database. We'll contact you when we'll be in town!
Successful night at indoor soccer although I did manage to injure myself
The one on the middle finger! Nice color!
Don't deny my inner thug -.-
We say you should #FF because he's too nice a guy to actually follow through on his threats.
That works. It's either next week or after 6/13 for me. Good luck with the packing & letting go.
& Tim Thomas exemplify the extremist right wing respect of the of office of POTUS when it's not THEIR party's POTUS.
What's the deal afri you still in that league
“: Mitch Barnhart and Matthew Mitchell holding a presser tomorrow. Guessing he's getting a new contract...!” or he's banging joker
the piratebay is the shit wen u find the program that works hahaa
he told me that those days were gone. now im sittin here lookin crazy.
hit me up we can chat
Saw the president. Best Smart Aleck Staff field trip ever!
you are the best (GO FAT CAKES!)
Amazing day reading for the blind at #LARRS. The team is so amazing!! Catch me Tuesdays on 88.5fm in so-cal :)
mothers day flowers from old town florist!
Thanks for the RT.
OpenGrounds &quot;is not a thing, it&#39;s the way we do things&quot;
This concludes the best weekend ever
When you figure it out please let me know, right now the only show that has me glued to the screen is "Once Upon a Time"
i don't know...
I have that affect on women. I apologize.
Off to the GODORT happy hour at The Roof!
Everywhere I turn I see #Wrestling! Mainly in my mind! I see #BIG things coming up! Been in the making since the day I was born!30 Long Yrs!
Tanner wants to play now that it's bedtime -__-
Happiness is another 2 TB of storage...
Mins, hrs, days, wks or even mths over-analyzing a situation; trying to put the pieces together, justifying what could've, would've happened
no problem :) les meto una chinga just tell me who :b lol
man my lifes sound track is all the new songs that Confesson Of A Sinner is writing. Our lives in song, the good and bad.
Craving nutella right now :(
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 474 9988 Clearwater Call NOW......
Miller: provide educational opportunities that would not otherwise be there. That's maximizing the federal investment.
I'm digging it too. Puns suit my style.
I can never stay mad at him ...
ur hair gonna be tangled up like a mutha...
Passed our vehicle smog test today! It was much easier than passing geometry.
Don't forget my quest for a nomination in next year's music awards
How many times will digger get ran over today on FOX? LOL last weekend he got ran over 10 times in the first 5 minutes of the race...
aw we love you !!!
"feed the soul, starve the ego" dj.am
I am down for that!
what did u use to reduce polygons prior to zbrush
There is only one way to accomplish anything and that is to go ahead and do it.
so uh, why hasn't cheer athletics called me yet?
Thanks for the shout out!
Our office uses it () & the business UG program (). Let me know if I can help! (Thanks, ).
O'Shea Dumes on the mound for Carroll. Reagan is throwing Austin Hays.
Better get off twitter for now : #TheVoice Please do not tell me ANYTHING about it because I have 2 DVR it!"
Sometimes u just gotta take a break.
Ditto that! RT : Can't wait for Bacon Fest tomorrow!!! OH BACON!
oh its fine :) just sittin around watching tv and listening to some music. Bday party, fun:)
"I've got BOXES full of Pepe!!!!".
I only know how low you can go
darn it! I was out of town and missed it. Hope it was a big success !!!
I tell ya why ricks different this yr. A little dirty secret got out last yr & as a result his exploits w dirty whores r over
How the heck did Jesus fast for 40 stinking days... In a desert?!
She could probably drink most of the #tweetfleet ers under the table!
up by 23 on Duke with 4.5 minutes left! Come to our next game watch and learn more by following today!
I am presenting a paper next week at #ashe regarding African American engineers and computer scientists interactions with faculty.
HOLY SHIT AMY WINEHOUSE IS DEAD?!??!
Hahah c: I'm on hold.
yes feel free to follow and tell your friends to follow hey nice profile picture :)
So adorable!
thanks for the follow! I'm a big fan, and still watch #TheWire reruns! Congrats on your recent success & collabo w/!
nah, he was straight until every song became a duet with J Lo.
I posted a new query on the Ukraine & JewishGen list-serves. Hearing f/variety of people who have enriched my search so much. Happy weekend!
I wish I was able to make it this year. :-(
Casting immediately! Do you know someone in an unhealthy relationship and needs professional help? Email your story to
Hmph, well that's just rude.
im good.just trying to get things together. One step forward two steps back lol
The aftermath is secondary=D
Feels like ice cream shops are the new coffee shop in Portland. What the scoop opening on Williams soon...
I'll be here waiting for you . ♥
What's your most favorite fashion magazine? Mine is ELLE :) (L'Officiel Homme for men's fashion)
I guess they have reason
No Problem. Does that include as well?
goodnight twitter world. XOXO
RIP #DickClark , "American Bandstand" is a huge reason for the success of the music industry today
good afternoon sunshines
I'm not a bettin man but if I had to bet, id say peyton manning will be a
Please say hi to for me!
Whoa. New Google Analytics UI. I heart GA. So vital. So under-appreciated!
that's what my husband's afraid of
Fridays are neat-o.
I've had hiccups for the last three hours!! I can't take it anymore!
My publisher told me about e-pub, but I never asked how it works. I take it it's Kindle compatible?
Cafe Curtains for Kitchen – Choosing Cafe Curtains Design ...
Man no one tweets me back :(
Wishin I had some vodka with this RedBull... Goodmorning Friday
Everest oxygen blowup take three: word from Ted and Summit
The more I sit in these classes the more I want this year to be over...
Hey Pee Wee, kick ass today. You got it. Thanks.
haven't read it yet but its on my list! I just read Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children. It was so-so. Did you read it?
Great article, privacy/liability law drag on online collaboration like building code drag on green
See previous tweet.
WOAH. That would be amazing for Benfica.
god klarisa you are a bad influence
Happy birthday! Wish i were in LA. I'd bring you one of my girlfriends for your bday. You seem to like them haha. Have fun!!
goin 2sleep..night night for me&good day 2you. By the way, got my warped ticket..nbd..just goin2a place I've only been to in my dreams!!! :D
Thanks for the shot-out! Much appreciated! Hope you're having a lovely day. :)
See images from last night's vs game at the Pit. Gallery: tinyurl.com/78xkj37
I know but they're doing a song with her on the acoustic EP kellin tweeted about it today
Great rainy day lunch: leftover risotto with butternut squash and bacon
- I finally changed my twitter handle. no more complaints!
Lorsch - A healthy organization has the ability to minimize both politics and confusion.
"Fuck bitches, get honey." -- thug bee
Your sidebar is not your hall closet. Don't fill it with unnecessary junk! -
Josh Beckett is such a friggin' tool
shut up. Lol
Trapped in baby nap jail in my car.
Parkour. My past, my present, my future?
Whole ? of dig tenure/promotion metrics cld be helped if we just wiped out paper journals.When is the last time you read one?
Super bumbed that the air show got rained out, stuipd rain!
I am going to try and sleep. We'll see how this goes. I give it a slim chance of success.
Running on 4hrs of sleep.
#dailyquestion I apologize for not being a phone person...rather would txt! =P
Thank for following. We hope to get them to Chi-Town. Tell your followers from Chicago to follow us.
Game 2 of the #MISLChampionship is headed to OT. Both teams tied at 10
God damn durant
she said it was a mistake
you coming out this weekend Ms.Durant
TV is the devil.
I'm so happy. My steak was just fantastic. I'm really a NY strip guy. Or a porterhouse of course. Ribeye is good, but just not my thing.
Fantastic episode tonight. So bummed I have to wait for next season!
Me too. I stop playing for 16 years. Started the Chapman Stick 5 years ago. I've made progress, but it's slow and steady.
SPECIAL RATE! Come in or call 7322719030, king beds 69.99. Pool, whirlpool, fitness center, HD TVs, free wifi, free coffee/tea service
Dear Austin's future wife, love our boy just as how much we love him or else... Wait, why am I talking to myself?
Going to plan a couchsurfer meeting in Santiago.
not sure yet. Stay tuned for details tomorrow morning
In the mood for some food
extent used , frequency used and how succesful was the training J. Phillips
please follow me zayn <3 u are sweet :) iihhihihihi
you call me that one more time ima block you :P
WAT$ GOOD TWITTER WORLD HOLLA AT YA BOY UM DOING ME
Just landed #Union Station. Window opens at 11:25. Its Ficelle time!!
Richard Heasley, director of San Francisco's Conard House, will present a teleconference tomorrow sponsored by the National Association of …
I love it when it's bright and sunny one minute and pouring down rain the next and then goes back to sunny. Yay for Florida!
I'm 2009 US Women's Grand Champion 1st degree. I'm listed on the kuk sool website
Here we go folks! We're open now for Breakfast, Corned Beef all Day, WP Pub Crawl at 11 and DON"T MISS DEL MAR tonight at 9! Gidddyuuup. JC
I wants some bacon for some reason lol
my mom swears you care about my room being messy
Out here tryin to kill
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 27
woah, autosigning? Scary in some envs ... I prefer to pre-generate certs and push them via installer mechanisms.
I hate this schedule.
": was the first to say Happy Birthday ! I Love You Guuurlie <3" Woot, Woot! (: Now Its Time For Me To Go Night, Night
"NABJ_INDY: See everyone today at the.communications event at 6pm with the comm club"
U.S. jobless claims last week fell by 1,000 to 367,000, a 1-month low. 4-week moving average declined to 379,000 from 384,250 prior week.
I want nothing to do with you anymore.
Doesn't sound like good news for the family story. Is she a skilled genealogist? Would love to read this in a journal.
#np 'Give me all your luvin' Madonna f/ Nicki Minaj and M.I.A.
You know that's what they like!
boy do I love grunge.
Although today is #Easter, it must feel like Christmas for Jim Nantz announcing the final round of the #Masters on
lol..for real
I have so many bruises and cuts i look like im abused...
I figured as much :) NCAA basketball
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.
“: totally could of won tht donut eating contest today #pickme next time haaha” I would've CRIED if you got picked
Excited about #kickoff12 global sales mtg this wk. In technical session on #edge #data protection & access architecture
“: Follow → for a follow back from me. RT when ur done.”
Charles/Hillis/Bowe/Baldwin/Moeaki/Boss/Winston, active D, great football city, AFC West for grabs. had 18 going, will be wrong I guess.
Not sure I understand the meat illustration on that last slide
“: I get to see and tomorrow!! #longlostbestfriends” best tweet Eva!
nice.... Yea I use to live in BK before moving to LA..... That's what's up
We couldn't think of a better gift! Wishing everyone a wonder-fuller life with your new Fatboy® family member!
If you're a little bit south head to Pub for "Buy a Pizza, get a Free Pint night!" 3807 S Packard, St Francis.
how's it going sweetie?
Holler at me if you want to lose weight before the holidays. I've got a special for the first 10 people to send me a message!
It's a dangerous thing to take on someone else's offense. Christlike love demands reconciliation, that's the ministry we've been given.
"Baby look at me and tell me what you see"
Native of Yugoslavia, lover of , & backpacking, the 2012 L&C Teacher of the Year is...[Any guesses??]
If anyone knows how to prevent this spam in the future, please let me know
Is MIA again 😏
Wow I thought I would be the only one up at this time on Saturday. Guess these drug dealers need to start early .. Times are hard!
Thank you :) “: happy mothers day ma'am :)”
Tonight we play Dan McGuinness with Panfish. Free show starts at 9p. We go on at 10!
Miss you <3
Even the Minnesota defender was shocked that he drew a charge after jumping into the shooter.
POLL --> What is your family's favorite picnic spot this time of year?
I Look Like Straight Felicia Off Friday.
Watchng Deacons for Defense. Never march to a gun fight
Be sure to catch me doing Iowa analysis on CBC One's The Current show at 7:30am Monday morning….'cause I'm HUGE in Canada
. maintenance staff for 6K acres of #Baltimore #parks has dropped from 500 to 50 over the last 20 (?) years.
Rehearsal for the show today was great make sure you come out to the Haven on Tuesday
RT : "I have never let my schooling interfere with my education." - Mark Twain
I'll be leaving my 'new job' for my old job haha :)
No! Its not time yet! RT : RT : Per the Idaho Stampede, is retiring
Prez Obama sounds like a Scared Baby when he Faces Gop and the Racist Republican Teabagger Party No Leadership!
Wejust orderedsome t-shirts from ! Hopefully they are in time for our show next weekend!!!
Dimitri Flowers leads off with a double for Churchill.
Thanks for coming out last night and supporting the team!!
Congratulations to B on getting the March of Dimes grant. What will he be working on with the funding?
This Saturday in Anaheim, 5 p.m. :) #AmplifyYourSoul RT : How did the event go? :)
RT : Let's give our children what God gives us: clear teaching, appropriate correction, and abundant forgiveness.
": I'm good sweets how you feeling?"feeling? Was I sick?
Craft just got thrown to the ground a.d the ref watched
Are you normally that much of a stickler for punctuality?
crazy party!
Finding some "flags" for the game tonight then off to the park!
Drinking Pepsi Wild Cherry. Yummy.
Ripped my shirt today I'm annoyed. Cute cute
Fuuucccckkkkk these last two weeks.
I don't know why everyone says high school is soo awesome...it's not
now only if the partner cafe was iPad optimized... I need a laptop or desktop to access it.
Cubs win gift wrapped courtesy of Tito Francona
Finally have a laptop with a wide enough monitor to see the LA Times' sidebar ads. Barf.
Don't you fucking touch Zajac.
So many projects before finals!!!! WHY?!?!?!?!
I think the 3 managers I've emailed about interviewing their band are playing Rock, Paper, Scissors to see who has to email me back.
Just returned from the beautiful Rocky Mountains; great trip! Family time, great views and hiking!
If Your Single Make This As Your Status & Whoever Inboxes You A '♥'They Wanna Change That
So he has a child :-/ i think thats enough to call it quits
Whoa , you gave ipage a facelift! It looks great - congrats!
going back to bed I'm not reverting to this
Im really scared of this movie!
#Bulls stagnant on offense. Guys standing around, waiting for 8 seconds on the clock then pick/roll.
1758 N. Sedgewick in Old Town ;)
that awkward moment when you realize he IS your ex-boyfriend! (and he's suddenly "realized" he's str8!?)
Profit in business comes from repeat customers; customers that boast about your product & service & bring friends w/them. W. Edwards Deming
Lmfao. I love seeing roc at M&G his to funny,
Thank goodness we now mean something different by both "slide" and "projector." Those things were apparently bad.
Great... I am now getting Pinterest spam...
Zero Thought should be the new name of a peaceful yoga retreat weekend led by Nicki Minaj.
be in lake norman on 15th and myrtle beach 17th-20th..so ill def. play tell me how much to send you and when i can draft on-line
You are beautiful cuz.
And join us next week after the Work Truck Show in Indianapolis for great food and cold beer.
Join us to watch MSU take on the Badgers :35pm today!
Got my warped tour ticket over the weekend sweet jesus i'm gonna stalk atl so hard what
I completely agree.
thx! Love that word #superb. Haven't heard it since my dad was in town 2 yrs ago!
ok I'm going .. :/ weird I go to sleep normally around 12:30 and it's only 10:20 xD
tomorrow is our #followversary #excitement <3333333333
Sunday is the cruelest of days.....
These old ppl are too turnt up rite now. It's 9am sit dat old ass down!
Just bid on M.M. Serra. Tea party decadence. Fingers crossed. #filmmakers coop
good luck to everyone running the half marathon tomorrow. you should have plenty of time to finish and get to 930 or 11:15
One of my clients look at me and said "wow you r beautiful"... Oh thanks bt u still hve to take ur meds so open up...lmao
I totally forgot that I signed up for a cookie baking class tomorrow! There will be pics, try not to drool on your screen.
we love you Rudy! You'll get them next time
#lastagetalks Review vs criticism. Very interesting responses.
I now request that I be laid to rest in rosheruns.
Walker wishes Rep Grigsby D-Milwaukee well in her cancer fight
Heading to Lithuanian festival and then hopefully wine in the woods
During this holiday weekend, support your Chicago small businesses by buying your sasquatch slippers locally!
waitt were you that boy that was at fly life part 2 with me jazmine and this tall ass boy??
Is it possible to look sinister while pushing a shopping cart in a grocery store?
I love the movie The Blind Side I remember when it came out and I went to see it as a class trip I was crying at the end It was just amazing
Current weather in Walt Disney World: 68F: Sunny Wind: SE at 7mph Humidity: 93% High: 92 Low: 69
The only thing standing in the way of submitting my thesis is some page numbering issues. Anyone a whiz in Open Office?
Thank you :)
Would be amazing i you notice me :)
Today I left a bandaid on my leg while I spent three hours directly in the sun #bigmistake #awkwardtan good thing I have time to tan over :/
it's never too late to start! the hp ebooks are coming...
love youu more
ha! know that's a good way to start the day, thank you!
Fenty: hard to get to technology improvement in schools when there are health & safety concerns (heating, immunizations,etc.)
I do use that, but it was the night before final projects due. Keeping it basic.
You will know there will be Nikita in less than 24 hours and feel GREAT right away :D
Hi there, Magdalena Solé here John Bennette's friend. I am a total novice to Twitter. Would you mind following me?
milk and cookies at the office
Differentiate yourself from your competition by offering outstanding customer service.
Allies of the BLVD benefit concert tonight at Revolutionaries Cafe in McKees Rocks. Doors open at 7:30.
is there a place to reach you where explanation can be more than 140 Characters?
I always love 's landing page images, but today's is particularly tantalizing.
Also on Friday, bits from the show, special new bits LIVE and there w a giveaway. Show starts at 9. Check FB for details
JAY-Ism #6. "Losing Everything, Just means that you have that much more to gain."
Organic mini facial at $45 and regular Organic facial now available for only $75:) Call us now for appointments and bookings:)
trust my delusions more than you
tacos? im so stoked for tacos and gummi bears
What about Damon and Elena . . . Hello?
hey cuzin how u doing
agreed. I expected better fm them.
Found my phone :D
my mixtape went from chicago to atlanta an rick ross's producer has my tape so he sent me hella beats to listen
I want these dreams of you to stop.
Quicken Rental Property Manager 2012 [Download]
s ~Vince Lombardi "There is only one way to succeed in anything, and that is to give it everything."
joke for Gods sake!! Hahahaha!!
lolololol when you don't text me about the suicidal drama queen I feel left out
Omega 3 Fatty AcidsFish Oil Benefits Dosage and Precautions - omega 3 fish oil
Problems cannot be resolved all at once. Slowly untie the knots. Divide to conquer.
i just wanted u to know that u inspire me soo much and im so proud of u:) i listen to UA day and night!
"... if you can't hit the ones ye love then who can ye? that's what them drums is for" - Keith Moon
Sit TF Down
is that your crew of flunkies?
So were Lea Michelle's since she cries every freakin time she sings a ballad...
looking for a CREDIT ANALYST candidate in Sarasota $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Happy birthday! May the celebration continue all year.
i am not Jesus, do not want 2b Jesus, people like him get killed by idiot stupid hog ass licking governors, police, christians, fools, liars
The secret is ours, then.
Great first day at fsop. Kudos to dfab and PC for innovation session. Db did a fantastic job in the csat session
I just hit the like button on your review of the Kindle Reader because I bought one not too long ago, and felt the same.
it will always be funny when my uncle talks about women he's been with.
How come that show Dinosaurs never popped up on Netflix. Who owns the rights to that shit anyhow?
When My Frewds On Fb Do Dee Tbr Or Tbh They Always Say Im Anti.,!
Credit, **Shameless plug**
Welcome to my newest member of the twitter fam !!!
Thanks for the shoutout we look forward to seeing you at #EDC!!
« I dnt sugar coat shyt for no body period»
Q8 How important is it to find a on-campus support group?
Itz funny when some drama goes on outside of my life & I don't care about it, then it gets resolved & ppl come up to me: "No one is mad ...
Agreed! I really didn't see it coming.
Any recs on a yummy bubbly specialty cocktail to serve at my wedding (in nearly two weeks. ah!)???
god I'm so sick of people...
What is the cost of educational predictability?
and it makes your insides shine as brightly as your outsides. :)
love those guys, can't wait!
#FavoriteNBAMoments #Tayshaun Prince's Block heard round the world !!!!!! During the Finals on Miller... Now that's Heart
Saw another teacher tell his students to avoid Wikipedia, but the World Socialist Website the kid went to instead is better?
haha... had a Dick's burger lately?
Butting in just to agree with this. We love you, Amro!
I may be jumping into this whole Muslim controversy a little late, but really? He's going to call himself Kareem Abdul Jabbar?
There's a few of us intelligent folk out here that can certainly understand how it feels. It's the fanatics u r addressing.
there is a continuous tracking mode, but I believe it works as "well" as can be expected! (not very!)
I thought we were never going to leave the room
about to board a plane home! The boys aren't performing well because they miss me so much.
Going to sleep.... my boys
HEY BB KING CLUB!!!! YOU NEED THE DONNA LYNNE BAND IN YOUR CLUB!!! TAKE A PEEK www.donnalynne.com
and purchase your copy on Kindle I will have a second book ( A Darker Side of Things) available in the next couple weeks, and If you would
Going to The Happiest Place on Earth tomorrow
RT : How often do you wear black? Brighten up your wardrobe! A little color can brighten up your style.
Sitting in front of and at #NCRX. I feel like my life is being commentated for me.
Getting screwed already.
it'll be alright #BlackMamba didn't mean any harm by it! Lol
Thanks for the shout-out, Dan. Just trying to keep up with you college kids.
Thanks for the support . Are you attending #innotechaustin tomorrow?
thanks for all the RT love, but I'd much rather have my way with you after a couple shots of Ciroc. BTW nice Images.
With the one price #Jesus paid on the cross, we got forgiveness of sins, peace for our mind&spirit, and healing for our body.
what time zone are you in?
It's official, we've beaten last year's attendance - and we've still got 5 weeks left in this fiscal year - hooray! Bring on the visitors!!
Sometimes stupidity can really bite you in the ass
unfortunately, we can only afford to send contrib. copies to authors whose works appear in the printed edition. Yours is online.
Up in Humboldt with my girl. sad I'm gonna be missing the #J18 #J20 and all the other direct action things planned in DC. there in spirit!
You don't know how hard we've tried to find a male identifying lady bug to fellate... Or how many cats we've fed to ATMs, either
This just in the team over in Lexington is pretty good too !!!!! Might take a look see while you are in the Bluegrass.
Win tickets to our midnight showing of The Hunger Games friday at Baxter 8 Theater with the Interactive 8 at 8!
#FF awesome bands to follow
" I"ll give my life for this. People don't go to jail for soundbites my brother."
So my teacher who always yells at me fell down the steps and broke her arm..
MAKE KONY FAMOUS!
Oh, and to be clear, "cool" is still cool, just "kewl" made me feel old this time.
Will vikings miss getting their pick in, and get leapfrogged by another team? That's -my- question.
Scarcity is a lie that we have all been led to believe.
your welcome(:
Remember to check-in with Fife Flowers and Gifts and receive your FREE rose!
On our way to Hampton Beach for the day. Tidepooling!
the only thing that upsets me about leaving is that i miss services this week
DM's only! A = I want you B = I wanna have sex C = I like you but i'm shy D = Your sexy E = I love you F = Your cute””
So why did Dr. Hansen decide to dye Hansen's tail blue before Blue Grass Stakes? "I'm a little different" Hansen tells
Ok that was gross. I had to throw it outside. I am not a bug person anymore like i was when i was a kid. Good thing my daughter wasnt at ...
Move was successful - now i just need internet and TV set up.
Courage is being strong enough to ask for help and humble enough to accept it.
can you text me
send me pictures!
TY for the mention Peter!
Lovely - john west <3
"you unlocked that badge too?!"
Visit our hotel and check-in on Foursquare for a special treat in the Polo Lounge!!
You know you have the best friend ever when she goes to your dance show and had to miss work 💙
Tomorrow (Wed.) night the Echo Beach Jazz Quartet @ Cato's, Oakland. 6 to 9. No cover, full menu, in-depth draft beer list. www.mrcato.com
IVY: Add your opinion to French's Zotero group, "Perils of Openness".
It's official our first studio album will be self-titled. It comes out May 1!
I want the words ”forever & always” in curvise on my upper forearm, and idk where I want the ”do us apart” at :o
The Prudential Center, home of the Nets,is set to host Whitney's funeral.Apparently they're really good at dealing with losses.
Score on this PP and start putting this series away
Hey #Cbus friends, what are some of your favorite venues in Columbus for live or local music?
Thanks for the martini, ! I will pay you back in books tomorrow. (Plus it was fantastic to meet you.)
sup ma
I'm aiming for an awesome day. Really.
A company did it for me when I had my page set up. Glad you like it and thanks for the follow, too!
Thanks all for your thoughtful responses about the future of the phone, in say 20 years. Passing all that stuff on to the CNN crew.
You are just so damn sexy!!! Miss you on #WWE!!! When are you gonna do another movie?? {{HUGS}}
we will, and 2day im still going 2 wait for u 2 follow me:)
so nervous
Waiting for it ta stop raining so i can perform on the promenade meanwhile ill tweet every insignificant thought like its impt
Same bullshit as usual.
Donovan doing good job pulling Gorgui away from basket
be inspired, easy... STAY inspired, important! :)
Holy crap, JMcGee has got the folks in LA speechless, how long are this man's arms?
Happy my friend finally got the job he deserves. Happier that he didn't have to leave my library to get it.
Gosh there is so much to say! Maybe can tell you some stories. Anything in particular you want to know?
So all those damn Canadian fans can leave those Tennesseeans alone. They love hockey out there, man.
Stinky dumb mayo.
hi -- would love to talk to you. give a direct message or a smoke signal when u can....
give them pitons, flasks of oil, 50 feet of rope, and a 10 foot pole then let them be creative.
Yeah we came in #4. I can remember when anything but #1 was considered shamefull.
are you watching the game tonight?
that's great. I'm going to check out Does that make sense for small businesses?
thanks for the expert advice sweet pal. I shall turn to Bierhuis.
Item available for auction at our fundraiser March 3: a baseball autographed by Charlie Manuel, Kyle Kendrick, Jimmy Rollins and Cole Hamels
Promoters that promote with out sells facts are WACK!
Judge confirms that prison doctors started forcing Loughner to take psych. meds. on June 2, eight days ago.
If we change the way we view the world there is nothing that we cannot accomplish~Stedman Graham
Inspiration comes from unusual places.
and i wish yall lived in the atl... we coulda been chillin... and maken songs..
Woohoo! This #Flyers #Penguins game is off the hook!! Love #nhlplayoffs. Go #RedWings !!
Waiting for ESM to begin her "Okay, I Got the Neighbors! Now What Do I Do With Them?" presentation. Room's pretty full already.
When is Mario Batali coming to Pittsburgh? Too cool!
Very deserving win for Sporting KC!!
The most beautiful girls are the ones that have more to offer than just her looks.
Goodnight. I'm really tired & weak-.- blehhh
that's pretty much what I expected. Real leaders lead by example not rhetoric and asking others to sacrifice first.
Movies with my buds.
here we go #Basketball Wives LA
The reason Courtney didn't get a 1 on 1 date is b/c U don't need her to jump out of a helicopter to get her top off.
Crap Reply all error
Imagine a shale deposit that is 400 million years old. it's a gold rush in Pennsylvania
lol well i love u too. :)
Someone needs to explain to me how he managed to get a job as broadcaster...
“: #whywouldyoucheatif your girl looked like ? #youwouldnt”
Gah! So much context!
I agree, he had me with that commercial when he was sucking a lollipop ; )
I bet by just smelling the air you can get drunk.
Looking for venue for 100 people for 4 hour workshop in NYC, pref. Manhttn. Suggestions? Email
45 min sniffing candles is kinda a waste of time
Woke up eyes burnin mind on a mission
Other platforms aren't so rich on chatting so can use whiteboard to elicit feedback in writing but speaking is another option
LETS GO
Thanks for the birthday wishes guys :)
Dinner at Late Harvest Kitchen = wow. The pasta had a morel surprise!
An awesome friend just announced she is moving out of state. Such is life. I'm kinda sad. But I knew it was going to happen.
I have the keen ability to eff everything up
Am i the only one excited about the new winnie the poo movie!!!! haha
Things look great for #TeamBlackBerry. New apps are added daily for the #PlayBook in App World. It's hard to keep up.
NVHomes Announces Grand Opening of Deep Creek Village in Annapolis, New Luxury Grand Townhomes from the $340&#39;s and ...
#InTheSummer I'm always annoyed with the heat, at work 24/7, at my worst.
only in the midwest
Happy to oblige w/ real feedback. I can't exactly say what the missing thing was. I just didn't get that "ah ha!" moment.
Let me settle 500vsDerby debate. # of true horse people = # of true car people. The other 500k combined there to party.
Oh, I can relate! I have a (almost) 16-month old little girl. All the best.
Im not :) just thinkin too hard
Sounds good! It's a plan!
I Pray For you
There should be a vision and message behind every piece of content on your website or blog.
Potential Affiliates... 100% Pure, All Natural, Vegan Skin & Hair Care Products. No Hidden/Questionable Ingredients. beautysnatural.com
sometimes someone does it to me or I do it to someone it's an accident
Did oyu know that Thomas J. Martin patented a fire extinguisher in 1872? If you have any Black History Month facts mention us!
Could it b that P is too busy killing the masses & has no time 4 the opponents ? There time will come as well ;)
you bet! Can't wait to start getting #Video on the site!
S. W. A. G. - Saved With Amazing Grace
RT : Fuck love? No, fuck the person who made you think like that
Rihanna Shows Off Her New “Thug Life” Tattoo [PHOTOS] -
#YouKnowDamnWell I'm ready for VEGAS this summer... but the question is.... are you ready?
Fear less, hope more; Whine less, breathe more; Talk less, say more; Hate less, love more; And all good things are yours.
It's like Christmas, watching open up his new camera and everything that goes with it. He's even still in his jammies.
Your native tongue!
If you're gonna be a bear... Be a Grizzly.
Lol - about time though - I haven't been impressed so far.
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered
Ugh...one thing I don't miss about working at Water & Wisconsin! He's got to be 2nd generation right? Or like 90! Lol:-)
was bigger and BETTER than last year!!! Great job. Yes. I was the one wearing a Bacon dress.
I'm not entirely sure about this, but I think using bit.ly will result in shorter links than the default reduction.
At library listening to dad help his 3rd grader. He is basically making him feel like shit. No patience. No positive feedback.
,i am neither i am known as jc
Melissa = nice. Erie? Sounds vaguely familiar. I think I was there once before.
Looking for someone for #wedding hair/makeup,Suggestions?
Dude, my mom saw Michael Jackson's dad!!
#ezzo Good moral distancing, maybe do at opening. More "my project is…" An ethical project, as well as historical.
preach it! i mean....speak it! We are NEVER bailing you out again!
Which camera do I want to use, film or digi??? Hrmm.
Have a great day
My cousin bought me some food
Glad to hear the interview went well. Good luck!
Good evening-how is the kitty tonight?
Anytime. Keep up the good work.
Why is a dog getting mail? It's not a joke! We'll have the answer coming up this morning on the CBS 58 Morning News.
Fun Factoid: It has been scientifically proven that stroking a cat can lower one's blood pressure!
I believe it is owned by which shows why Buffet sides w/ ! gets his pay off!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE? (:
