I feel ya, n yea I preach dat shit.
you probably used it.
im going to tweet some things and you have to complete the blanks. okay? :P
check out my music /lildynamo
I thought you meant to say you "really" despise me lol
What to wear?
Hmm I wanna see u again
wanting your own way, wanting everything for yourself, wanting to appear important—has nothing to do with God. It just isolates you from him
The more you use something the the more proficient you become at it take time out to think!!!!
lol jokes and jokes and jokes
Had a great meeting with Wayne County Democrats in Richmond last night... looking good for their municipal elections
Loved the Bollywood number on - so fun. That was the dessert of this day.
Thanks for joining us last night!
oh wow.
From the looks of my timeline...It seems as if the BET Awards was a hot mess! lol
RT: : RTRTRT “: I wanna forget the junior high already. Use the experiences but forget it.”
#Northeastern University Apartment Listings Have Arrived FINALLY. Quite expensive this year. #Boston University Apartments any day now!
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. -Oscar Wilde
We have a paper due today, ladies!!
Finally getting to see Soul Surfer :)
Dear DC #Giant and #Safeway stores: I'm tired of you having no selection and being constantly out of whatever limited choice there is.
thanks for the follow! I've been meaning to swing by and buy some key caps. :)
NO Ipods Allowed AT School..... , Yeah like Eminem is gonna rap me the answers.
Oh never mind I remember why they call her that its because one a butter eating contest and Paula Deen camp!!
We're currently recruiting channel partners & thought you may be interested?
you throw a heck of a party. :) I had a great time, and I can't wait to visit again.
WTH #2pac live on stage with at
perfect because I only run in leotards, legwarmers, and a sweatband a la Olivia Newton John. Lets get physical!
ballmer says cloud computing is official according to business week
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. -Mark Twain
Send me a DM with your addy so I can mail your kit!
Money is the root of all evil, people are the reason it is evil, because they think about the evil things that want to use it for.
Succumbing to this Fifty Shades of Grey nonsense, but *only* because I'm sick. Seriously, I feel embarrassed to be reading it.
Made 3 of my titles are now #free with Amazon Prime membership.
Back from an awesome vacation in California with the Malingins & Pham now back to reality and getting ready for finals in a week
Thanks for being great to the fans at Axxess.
I'm planning a hike in the #grandcanyon in May and I need advice on where/how to camp for one night. Suggestions?
What a tool. RT : The spurs are kinda boring to watch. They need armbands and tattoos an shit
Lol I can't yet. Believe me I want to. I'm writing a paper :-(
Amy Knapp draws a bases-loaded walk to tie game at 4-4 in Michigan fourth inning. Pitching change for the Badgers.
thanks for the love I can't believe how fast you posted about
There are as many chickens on Earth as humans...wait aren't they the same thing
as a matter of policy, I am boycotting any company who spams my twitter feed. C ya.
#AskGreyson, , would you like to tour in Europe ?
Which orchestra are you playing in?
MJ did not need other mega stars , and he did not fall apart in the playoffs either
its weird how my new lil man looks like just like me
I just got Galaxy S on Tmobile so far so good! I hope this phone brings me long lasting productivity for the years to come!
The Age of Limitless Competition: for most of us, it ends up with nothing.
you make our makeup look good!
prepared surface for 9 new paintings.
Anyone wanna hang out?:(
maybe even a few years earlier...
Damn I'm soaked
lol I wanna visit u
The only good thing about being up this early is knowing I won't sleep through weight training...
true true
Don't forget to Follow she is the best!!!
follow xo
he has the same arm motion as troy aikman
|| that we can't promise, i'm sorry. but he's out there somewhere.
BBIIGG money Frat!!
Me & Jerry Jones Bout To Clip Up And Drive By Tony Homo's Crib.....
I sing love songs out of key for u
What kind of dirty hippie college did you go to to cause such trauma?
If I say leave me alone, actually I need you more than at any time.
What a stop and go, frustrating day. Time to go relax on Lake Union!
“News of Which Will Delight a Few and Frustrate Many”. Well, just call me the 1%.
listening to Frank Sinatra to get ready for #digitalratpack Las Vegas Monday will be there...
I'll be schmoozing @ A Vintage Affair Tonight @ "The Factory" in beautiful downtown Franklin TN.
“ Those Viva guys are the future.. Just like floating stuff”
IM GOING!! AH
I can't complain: I come out looking pretty good in the leaked diplomatic cables.
Help us spread the word about our cause by joining our project on crowdrise & following us on facebook! Everybody Deserves Music!
oh durrrr im really sorry you cant go):
lol just he got gang banged in mid air trying to lay it in on a fast break
RT : A total of 29,761 hot dogs were consumed tonight at 50-Cent Hot Dog Night.
why do these random ass numbers keep calling me
SO RANDOM! Tonight's episode was one of the best! ♥ Because was on it!♥
- are you performing here?
1859- " It was the Best of Times, It was the Worst of Times" Charles Dickens's novel "A Tale of Two Cities" published in magazine form.
each time I update mine, I save the old one with the date and "old" and the new one with just "updated." always looks fresh.
Bhang Ice supports the fight against Cancer; Bhang Fire supports the fight against HIV/AIDS. Use Bhang tohelp yourself and others.
Party hard, make mistakes, laugh endlessly. Do things you're afraid to do. After all, you're only young once
Wow! Gotta say this has been the best week. Kinda nerveous today. #talentshowtonight. Earliee dismissal! :D
hi shows i care. n it goes both ways
QOTD: "Google+ is giving me +headache" via
kudos for effort lol
got some beats 4 u homie
So I asked the tech to re-image the lab computers, so he decide that meant to remove all the software from them.
Thanks, Jake! Right back at ya!
Canada bound with abbey looking for crystal cottages 😊
should I cry for you?
lol i hope them two boys Run your ass in the ground and cook ya dog
Tickets still available for this evening! Get 'em while they're hot (and they are ALWAYS hot with RED LIGHT WINTER).
Oh wait. They do talk. But didn't they change the rules???!!!! Also what about the poison alien gas!!!!! Season 8 is bullshit.
I could go for some eggs & bacon right now. Okay.....maybe just bacon.
The Persian restaurant my dad just took me to had belly dancers. Cause no dinner with dad would be complete without hip gyrations.
When a man's wife learns to understand him, she usually stops listening to him, and vice versa...
The Fire Tapes are in the teej studio right now and they are KILLIN IT. Tune in at 91.1FM!!! Donate!
his knees are so weird 
im offiically scared of mirrors
without listening you you will be "History" because you only have half the conversation "Yourstory"
that kid has got to be so scary to live with!
aw yeeaahh. I look forward to it :D
super fast follow back tonight. Thx
oh god ya .. just didn't see that interview
you got a release date for the album yet? pumped to hear it brother!
"She likes it rough and that's rugby" Bahahahahaha that line made my day mac.
Thanks!! You're one of our faves too! :)
stop playing!! where about?
Well, I didn't have any books handy, and I just met the guy. Would been awkward. BTW, got your email yesterday.
damn my TL keep getting new tweets back to back smh
I have a #HalloweenResolution. To make it to 1,000 tweets by
Running Quote RT Loving my return to the running world. Never mind that some walkers have a faster pace than I right now! :)
thanks for putting another book on my list!
my dad used to say what goes around comes around! #mittromney turned his back on us in 08 n wil get bit on the ass in the Michigan primary!
Never make the same mistake twice, There are so many new ones, Try a different one each day.
heard via you are pursuing a downtown dog park? i am very interested in this prospect!
In Finland, teachers are not delivers of curriculum but developers.
Ugh, need to get out of the house. I'll probably end up just going for a quick bike ride
Oh do piss off. WordPress is an viable an option as Expression Engine. They both do exactly the same thing.
we can hang out and you can come to my games!
Shares your location to your friends when you're out of ammo.
" #DirectionersAreDisrespectful " I'm not a directioner but you shouldn't judge the whole fan base just because of 2-3 irrelevant asses.
Wow. That may have been the scariest airplane landing I've ever experienced. #airtran #Boston #crosswinds # fb
In other news, Romney takes scissors to an Irish setter and straps an effeminate young man to the roof of his station wagon. News at 11.
Join us 2nite 4 Winter Gala! $5 open bar, happy hour all night long. Post GC, come dance salsa at Habana Village!
So what about music apps on your phone? Do you have one that you just couldn't live without?
Ugh , I don't want to go to school and play for the veterans assembly :/!
how true that is. Fire station is right down the street from me too.
We have a great variety of hot soups today Try the 1/2 sandwich or wrap with a small soup for $6.50!
#TEDMED asking the Big Health Questions that us mere mortals ask.
#ICantStandPeople that follow other people
is wishing everyone a great sunday full of laughter and family.
gay lmao I kid I kid
Pool side. Gotta love the lazy river!
Extra drama at Dodger Stadium. Ethier tossed for arguing balls,strikes. Mattingly gets thumb, too. Mom might not approve of language.
Hurricane Irene is gone and Solo is back to our normal schedule. Call 212-420-7656 or order online for extra savings. www.solopizzanyc.com
Time to move on.
A freezing office demands resourcefulness. Wear a coat indoors, hold warm printer paper, scald your hands w/hot water in the bathroom, etc.
RT : RU going to enjoy Tequila on Cinco de Mayo? What is your favorite sipping tequila? Please share & follow 2 ...
Nice hearing Kyle Kover on just now! GIMME THE HOT SAUCE!
Good morning!
Fundamentals, first. Period!
awesome! have fun there!
SO your fiancee tore up my wedding invitation... I guess that's fair. All I could do is laugh.
Captivating speech by president Lets see if it is more than words by the end of the year...
You're gone, but not forever.
thanks you too!!:)
WAR DANCE
Time to brush up on Windows Paint.
"The mind has exactly the same power as the hands; not merely to grasp the world, but to change it." Colin Wilson (1956-)
“: we're like fam! Laura like me and you!:D” Lmfao this is awkzzz
RT : Idolatry is seeking security and meaning in someone or something other than God.~GOOD MORNING
Waiting to go see Fast 5 and playing around on my shiny new iPad2!! Thanks babe for the awesome gift!!
No worries, m'dear. You're on my unconditional love list.
not much! how about yourself?
agreed. Keep tebow, let him sit a few years and learn from an all time great.
tweeting and driving are how car accidents happen
Flickr too, actually...
"A free spin is like taking a woman to the mall & giving her a credit card, she'll be back when she is ready." ~Carter Butler, ATL~
I was so drunk I threw up bile at least five times, if that doesn't make me miscarriage I don't know what will, eat it #personhood bill
I can vouch for this! Awesome! “: Will tailor Pressure Pack Line Defense Clinics 2 fit ur needs-a great time & informative!"
ATTN: It looks like the wine tasting on the 18th is going to be on the 15th. I'll keep you posted.
Cherish forever what makes you unique, 'cuz you're really a yawn if it goes
I totally agree!
girl my husband bout to be goin out of town for work lol long as my dad will keep the kids ima def be out n about!!
Always good times hanging out with ! Can't wait to hang out tomorrow.
"When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps."
Back in my day, a "beef and cheese burrito with flamin' hot Fritos" was a sex move. What are they teaching kids these days?!
Hahah sorry!! I don't listen to country singers whose last name is a synonym of "money" That just means they're gay.
Whatever happens you will always be with me in my heart
Keep your smile white by visiting us at Studio B Smiles!
FOLLOW ME!
Bro my teacher just told me that when she sees freshmen in the hall she just wants to punch them. lmao.
Have you checked out Join.me?
definitely not looking like Camilla there.
i guess thats it!! thanks for sending me the pictures!! gonna upload it now cuz it will be too late if i upload it after school(: -Kristel
Memo to Alec Baldwin...crazy is as crazy does..
i think you'll enjoy it :) me and johnathan are also releasing an ep for a totally new project! should be out by fall :)
5 more days before I get my P90X!!!
State Patrol DRE program sparks state probe after #OccupyMN complaints
Awesome! Full bars on my Att cell. Of course I'm stranding under the tower touching the cell pole....
#LeaveItToNiecy funniest show ever(:
A quick PS for my other chums who may not know Smashers are Smashwords eBook authors!
Let's go Milwaukee Brewers! We want a sweep! Fear the Beer!!!
sure why not.. Follow!
Also coming: OGI conference "TweetBook" - great group of individuals sorting out tweets during keynotes and sessions.
Worlds Beauty from The Most Unusual Angle! Italian photography thatll change your perception!
Our website will be available soon. Minor difficulties have occured
i would love a follow back ;) I've been here since your audition <3
If you're around Santa Fe tomorrow afternoon, we'll be at Evangelo's on San Francisco St. near the plaza making music from 3-6pm.
Learning about how rhode island is moving forward with essential health benefits at a briefing
The raven was a mix of Sherlock Holmes and the phantom of the opera. It was defs interesting
I really did spit in your burger
Do not operate heavy machinery.
NY just got a ! Dear , please come to Chicago, perhaps take the empty Pipers Alley cinema next to ?
thank you! =) i hope i do.
#when things go wrong i cant bear to cry;&my friends should do something not just ask "is everythin ok"
Everyone NEEDS to follow He's absolutely killing these super bowl tweets.
This chick cocky af.
you were a great addition to our staff! Your energy & enthusiasm will be missed. :)
Walter Isaacson (Steve Jobs biographer) plans to be at the CityLit Festival on April 14th. Do you?
Listening to Uecker calling Morgan's game winning hit gives me goosebumps. Go Crew!
Sunday Funday - Baby Maker Style??
Okay just gonna download one more song then off to bed. My body is gonna hate me tomorrow.
Agreed, I'm glad he made it. Young Homie deserves the recognition.
yooo we need to pay or there ain't going to be no tournament
DAY SMOKEY EYE LOOK Wear brown instead of black: Charcoal & black eye shadows, when applied heavily, ar more dramatic than taupe & chocolate
well, let's hope I only have one weekend of it
yup. Everyone's got a persona to keep up on here haha.. Rizzo is mad defending his guy and schilling is trying to stay relevant
Livingston Taylor will be performing at the Henegar Center for The Arts on April 19th in Satellite Beach, Florida. Showtime is at 8:00pm.
hm... gonna have to check and see how long it will take to get there and if Im breaking any laws! lol
#YOLO? Excuse me, I have a few #zombie friends that would beg to differ.
They're coins to be made & bills to be paid.
99.7 The Blitz will be airing one of our songs tonight at 10pm in anticipation for our show on July 23rd with Twenty One Pilots!
FYI #FCPX rolling shutter filter doesn't do anything for camera flashes.
yes! #annoying P.S. Happy, belated, Birthday!
Everyone be sure to wish our guitarist Danny a happy birthday tomorrow!
Orange essential oil lifts the spirit while providing a calming influence on the body; it brings peace/happiness to the mind....
I ♥ #startups, too! Have known many successful college entrepreneurs !
at the very least can we agree lebron didn't "take the easy way out" by going to miami?
I think the default Portland weather forecast is rain unless they look outside and see something else. Even then change is optional.
i am in charge of all national talent, who and what goes on our station. at the first and largest internet radio station
yeeah. Lil turned off. RT : Thrillist delivers what guys want, discounts on strippers #BigOmaha wish ya used a different slide bro
$$-$$$, not fancy, casual - biz casual, like all cuisines but italian the most. thx!!
fighting a damn Cold...No fun
Cat almost ate my gdc schedule, stopped him just in time
If it weren't for internet friends, explaining my life between 1992-1999 would be very, very difficult.
only pussies run away like you
Almost finished with a client after this its time for the
t'will miss you :(
Tomorrow's the big day. Cape Town, South Africa!
be ready for any/all intel based programs to no longer run. but it is a cool OS!
5 Google Search Stats Every Marketer Should See
we could go together in a year when I get my drivers liscence.... its a date:) ?
I had no idea that #EbenOnEllen trended world wide, Haha, I'm a trend setter, literally!
Thanks for your wonderful #FF!
All that glove-to-the-ground training really backfires when you're carrying urine samples.
Finally home from school. ~.~
My aunt used to do that legitimately. She'd get contracted by places like the mall, and Fourth of July Festivals.
Must not eat a Cinnabon at the airport...
Posted in our new office, Schlitz Park, at my temporary cubical until our part is done in 2 weeks.
I don't really care about what's going on with Jon and Kate- can we please move on?!?!!?
Is it pathetic that I am totally psyched because I found a really cool screen saver for my Mac? I'm such a dork.
hm i just remeberd lmfao. But still so he can tweet youu
"Don't judge a person, judge their behavior." Beautiful, toughtful, inspirational words from Laura Diaz.
no when prod gf dad came n ask where she was and rayray was tryna answer him it was funny
Just met my butler for the day. Yes. Apparently I have a butler. Shoulda figured this out sooner.
Who wants to do the dishes for me? Anyone?
RT : thanks for the follow! I enjoyed your interview on filmspotting ... very cool to have someone so...
As an undergrad I went to Lehigh... parties and the library, so I have an affinity for the Engineers.
sounds great- Let us know if you have questions, would be more than happy to have someone from our team email you!
Now that you mention it, I like that idea much better.
The international debate is heating up People all over are talking about the #warondrugs and you havnt posted in days lets step it up
#socialismineightwords the best people can find happiness in misery.
Agreed, I don't respond 99% of the time, and never click on any link included in the DM...great new avatar btw!
Watching Dancing With the Stars with Viggle Mon | 6PM | ABC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Today's the day! #BlackRadio is out! 2nd show added on Wednesday... Congrats to !
If potus supports amendment to take money out of politics he could get things done. NOW IS THE TIME.- think of the possiblities
I work next door to Boudoir Divas
ahorita van a pasar el comercial d hunger games, Avengers, y otros en el super bowl.
Safety Alert! -There is a hidden fire hazard in almost every home...and it is in the dryer! Call Ortega's Appliance Service Today..
gotta love it when people ask for your major cross streets WHERE YOU LIVE and say, 'those streets don't cross' I'm standing right here fool!
I Hate When People Continuously Text You Over And Over Even Though You Havent Replied Yet -__-
Jack White's new solo cd is awesome. Very White Stipeish....can wait to see him in less then 2 weeks...woo hoo
I speak the truth!
i miss you
Enable patrons to do so? MT Write something every day about an object in the collection. How do we find the time?
Photos of most of the 70 participants of the Expert and Graduate camps, coming from around the world:
Last chorus concert ever
What happened to a man having a key to open a woman's heart?
Need Management for Latin Artist.
You're not convinced that it's GOOD? Or that the only HS theater that counts are ragtag cobbled-together plays?
"Oral picture" is a really awful turn of phrase that I never need to hear again. Please pass the bar of soap and giant q-tips.
good luck! RT : Thank u! Heading to my last for 2 weeks. Relieved surgery almost here!
I hear ya.. its like that some that shit ridiculous..Life can be sometimes ridiculous. #swizzbeats lol where u been??
“: GL tomorrow sir!” Lost the maximum many times the last hr. Thank you buddy
Come celebrate this beautiful warm Cinco de Mayo with an ice cold sangria! Only $5 from 5-7pm along with $20 carafes & $20 selected bottles!
Solitude is the single most healing thin there is. -- Linda Poole
I grind so fuckin hard!!!!
And you can't fight the tears that ain't comin.
RT : #QOTD "I've learned it's what you do with your miles, rather than how many you've run." Rod DeHaven, Olympic marathoner
Participating in an all-day healthcare law compliance and FDA regulation training. Should be riveting!
... and I'd really like to get my magazine.
Tuesday morning lovefest.
RT : You know who else is here ?? and many more!! Come thru!
good ones. Thanks! How are you honey?
had dinner last night w/ a great crew that included the owner of ShareASale. Felt he could provide you some insight.
Good man. I'm in the midst of recording my album and a mixtape that'll be out before the album. I've got some bangers
If #decker has a serious knee injury he can thank
Watching Rudolph & my mom actually thought Santa sang "I'm the king of dinga-ling" instead of "jingle-ing" she so silly lmao
Come on ATL blow these mummies away.
People who talk shit to you, usually talk shit about you.
smh I'm bout to go steal it and pose for da camera lol
you're so amazing:))
Happy New Year!
It's official. 24 hours left living in Indiana
5 Grammy nominations for tonight. exciting indeed.
dude. AERIAL LOOKALIKE. only blonde <-Kelsey xoxo>
I miss my fam wish he would come kicks it like karate in the Chi with me...
Just In! Caesars Palace Las Vegas Tonight? Call 877 551 6633 to book for only $129 plus tax.
damn good one sir
I need to get me a tempur pedic
liked Clive S. Johnson's blog post: Eureka
#ItsAmazingHow ive gone a week without my phone and probably have another one coming -___-
Exam one done. 3 questions = 18 single spaced pages or 8500 words on what I know about Planning. Written in about 15 hours.
Shannon and I are going HAM next weekend.
“: if we enter and then get a better hair day can we send again?? LOL jk” haha love it!
there was only old people there today haha
Happy weekend to you!
It's always bad news to hear a designer quit on a big project the year before.
I will say that Men in Chicago are so much different & the marriage rate they is 33% better than all cites! I'm not tryin to get married
Google seeks to eject authors guild from NY case over fate of world's largest ... - Washington Post
Coming to the show tonight? Either get tickets now or show up early. Not sure how long they are going to last.
All you guys out there who have Girlfriends and it's raining you better be with her cuddling and keeping her safe!
Wait what happened? I'm so out of the loop
But she doesn't tweet!
man their fanchat is insane!
Both of those things would be awesome! But I can't guarantee either, sadly.
RT : One of my favorite things @ onenote: I come up with all sorts of ideas here at the gym; onenote mobile on my phone syncs w desktop
Ha! RT : Word 2 wise: dont jump in an alleyway. She may wield a blade on u the same way shes carving ice...
The sound of rain on the window is the soundtrack to a perfect Sunday evening.
I hope u r having fun!!!!!
Kids Easter outfits - check.
I'm ready in Virginia!! RT : Morning NYC! Who's ready for #Survivor Finale & Reunion tonight w/ ?
just out of curiosity how many run-ins/arguments have you had with WBC?
Getting ready for our trip to Nashville. We play at the Hard Rock Cafe on Wednesday!
also, do u have tix to the show? we have them for $15. it'd be awesome if u could buy them here www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
Google: How to Find Other Sites Linked to Yours?
on and off insomniac... working on a lil project
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to my Twitter Moms!!! ~ ENJOY!
Thanks for the link!
I learned bitches aren't shit, just ho's and tricks
"Maybe I'll save a couple bucks and buy Trader Joe's coffee" - Me, being an idiot.
Did anyone lose an AT&T LG smartphone last night at the Brew Haus?
is wishing one of the most clever girls I know a happy birthday. Alisa, I love you So Very Much.
get ur broom ready
I cannot say what the stock price will do exactly because of the manipulation but we will have a monster 10K. GLTY bro.
Mike ’s Early View of the News April 26, 2012 Google opens foray into cloud with Drive Google stepped up competition with Apple and
great post about brands and logos
Using GOP debate for class today to spur discussion about presidential war rhetoric and campaigns. Thanks
Dang ma legs feel super smooth today!
First 2 goals of my #FIFA12 were scored by and !!
maybe next year... don't think i'm gonna make it this time :(
thanks! will check on that. hm.
Voter turnout was shockingly low @ my precinct. I was # 76 and the pools had been opened for 2 hours. No people in line under 40.
To anyone who ever told you that you're no good, They're No Better.
Yes. PC gamers console themselves with lots and lots of smugness
sorry to hear you had a tough day :( Pancakes ought to do it though!
Anyone I know at the #Giants ticker tape parade? Theater stuff this morning, but my heart is on the Canyon of Heroes.
Watching any of the jackass movies always gives me a good laugh and puts a smile on my face
u are forgetting Booberry!! That's better than Frankenberry and Count Chocula!!
Lindsey Lohann is just creating a buzz about herself & all media bit the buzz. Now she's back in the news-her goal!
i lovee twitter :)
I got a safety dance extended 12" mix dying to be heard
Robert Andino! Three run jack!
Come back to virginia?(: <3
she brought it any ways!!!! Told my friends abt it. They made fun of it until they saw she slipped it in!
Such enlightenments are so wastefully human. Now I won't give them a dime.
sweet :) have fun!
Spend money on branding! (and shoes an a bed) - Joe Englert
Nesrien: if you email me your zip file in the next hour I'll host it for you on my site and send you both the URL
Under #COasset students paying standard-rate tuition will be doing so on their own - w/ no state $ supporting those tuition costs
#swseaedu Death Math looks addicting!
No fiercer than 's.
"John is dead, but His word lives on" -Mary Magdelene . Same with the #Lord #Jesus #Christ! #ForeverTheKingLives !
“Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can - there will always come a time when you will be grateful you did.”
You are oh, so very right. You might as well flip a coin.
“: Just wanna be in my own bed”yes!
Yup!! Everyone is good just about to leave ....
Miss you.
WTF. RT His season likely over, Mariano Rivera unsure if he will pitch again
“: Oh yea I'm flame at dat”just go one step further, she will love it! My man said he didn't.... Well he is boss now
According to Arne Duncan some community colleges serve students 24 hours a day! it's like a 7-11 for education!
Song of the night: Heartbeats, either by The Knives or Jose Gonzalez. Both awesome.
Repp So Follow Me ASAP
Damn that Wizards of Waverly Place and its supernatural powers that make me stare blankly at the screen whenever it airs.
Substance > style seems to be the trend we've noticed so far 2k12. Excited to see some of the great art that pops up this year
I wish Up With Chris Hayes and Melissa Harris Perry were on (or on again) later. Also, I'm sick of Alex Witt.
"the world is your oyster, it is yours for the taking!"💙
Wonder seafood dim sum , whole fish, Chinese broccoli woodbridge nj
#BetterWithNYC The city is where I roll and getting tickets for the Better W/ U Tour would be the greatest thing on earth
Thanks! So far so good, looks like all on time and to Providence by noon.
So proud of our Mustangs...we got us another road win!
I appreciate the times when I'm in the house by myself
The people on Hoarders make me emotional, especially if they have kids. Why would you make your kids live like that?!
sounds like a plan Stan
Why can't I have normal friends.
hey former student of ur yoga class! Got me?
oh I'm sorry, I didn't catch what your number was. mind giving it to me again? :) xx
From work to parent teacher conference to rehearsal....
"Critically compassionate" curriculum. Love the concept. Too bad AZ govt fought it and the curriculum does not exist anymore.
what does that suppose to mean lol
": I hate that feeling of saying goodbye to someone you just wanna spend every minute with."
I like elder scrolls oblivion.
Why is the new iPad edition of a 480MB download? That's more than 4 times last week's issue.
Caught the last quartr of American Idol with my family. How about a Baltimore native closing down the Pittsburgh auditions!?
congrats jh, one day hope to work with you, I admire your talent
Yes, it was, so sorry!
Fired up for the Draft tonight!
What would like to know more about real estate investing?
Good morning, tweeps! How are you on this fine Saturday?
Going to bed watching Bucks vs. Hawks Game 4 on my laptop, because I'm cool like that. And because I refuse to watch S-Jax vs. Paul, Griffin
chances I could get in on a beta test?
is glad ktbird & baby O escaped huge falling tree!!!
find it interesting that students don't immediately see similarity between the OOP 'bar.foo' & functional 'foo bar'
I see how it is, text me if you ever feel like young longer want to distance yourself from your wife or if you just wanna talk.
I thought Mississippi to Africa was going 2 be my summer read. I couldn't put it down. Only took 7 days to read. Great Work!
Laying here thinking about lyfe
RT : Wow! Thanks for the shout out Ray! RT : Great new singer, Angie Johnson, is on twitter as
Madison! Double encore!?! Thank you!!
happy birthday Brandon! :) xx
I don't like the thought that I'm going to die in the 21st century.
when tells me she wants my body. #GUUUURL no. you're perfect the way you are. <3
I will, same to you!
I am so bored anyone want to chat
Lmao . Some guys really don't know how to flirt . At all .
Your sparkling energy draws those things that you desire toward you, and there is nothing at all to push them away.
#funfact "Almost" is the longest word in the English language with all the letters in alphabetical order.
What are you doing?
#Health #Tip, Eat a variety of fruits, vegetables, and whole grains every day.
"Nothing can prevent war except the acquiescence of the President in our secession." Pickens' voice rose. "Regarding Sumter..."
Late night photo shoot. Eyes burning. Can't stop thinking bout my bed & comforter.
Happy Veteran's Day!
... Hello as well!
i swear this is why i'm single.
you'll see soon ;)
The District's 2012 Middle School Educator of the Year is Theresa Heim, AVID teacher at Connally MS!!
thanks Beulah. Had a great time yesterday at book signing in So Padre Island.
It half price mondays at Salon Prodigys
we are looking forward to your response to the proposal packet
what happened
right on!
is filming the feature TEN-BUCK BATON on 15th & 6th in Manhattan all day today! Look for me(MENISH) driving a yellow cab all over the place!
thanks for the FF
RT : The Sherriffs dept. found him 2 miles away down the road with his shirt off!! Thank the Lord//!!!! glory.
ahh yes I should check that out!
With Keyona and Miracle
What's the cheesiest song you're willing to admit liking? "Unwritten" by Natasha Bedingfield is going to be hard to beat, folks.
I'm in the #burbs with my parents, but I'll be in the city tonight.
Need bib list with item status = n (for billed), but not equal to anything else (i.e. no other items with any other statuses)
Thank you all for serving our country and risking your lives to keep us safe. Happy #VeteransDay!
How excited do you feel when the Fit2Go delivery folks show up to drop off your food?
Dumb rule but they know about it. His fault.
Yes, I did. And I liked it.
Today Day at Cascade Waterpark. Admission $5 kids 9-under. $10 for adults. proceeds help local kids www.cascadeAC.com RT me
Sullivan's reax is interestingly complex. Say he did it for donors, well, good for us--people can't turn on us.
Reeves birthday tomorrow!! :)
NBC what's with not showing the girls competing while watching the guys chalk?
#NC just opted out of the human race..may the powers that be have more grace for you than you deserve
Jamming to WMYB on the bus YOLO
unbelievable. Dying!
sending magic vibes thru the interwebz & purrs from my cats & virtual chocolate. Hope you're better soon.
OK, so where is the kid?
100 days til I see you guys in concert!! I'm so excited! I've been waiting for this forever, literally <3 #FollowMe :) 15
Thank you for supporting senior citizens in Madison, WI! We are honored and grateful for your sponsorship.
Yippie! That's a great sign. Did it taste delicious?
$10 won't buy shipping/customs on a donation but will buy 1 net to prevent malaria for a family through !
did not play good today
alright i get home the the 19th
Anyone know of a good multi-author Twitter app? Or generally how to set up a multi-author Twitter account?
#Kony2012 becomes the most viral video ever. Nothing else competing in the top 10 viral videos is longer than 5 and a half minutes.
I try to talk to you, & you don't talk back..
man I feel find any extra let me know
oh. #blonde !
Nice work tonight, Brew Crew!
Anyone have a G+ invite they want to share?
people 1. care about you 2. pay attention to what you have to say 3. would help find you if you ever went missing!!
"I wanna hold hands and call you pet names"
Miss the bachelor?! How dare you. Its my number source of dating advice every week!
That rocks! Thank you!
RT : u better take pictures of everything up there in tally, I'm going to miss you so much! I already miss you!
you know we love you Yuleta...<3
Amen bro!
so are you simply a gossip sight? it's cheap and lame now stop it!
nice studio
GET YOUR TICKETS NOW!! ACstyle Performing LIVE in Hollywood NEXT Friday! Exclusive Single Release Party & Access to the VIP Plush Lounge!
Thought for Today: Move More! Make it a daily challenge 2 move your body.Moving your limbs isb;t hyst a fitness tool, it's a stress buster.
I just got home from a film archivist party with projecting of 16mm home movies from the 1930s thru 1960s. Awesome stuff.
I think Im dying. My hearts been hurting since I woke up yesturday.
ah looking forward to my mediterranean lunch now
#Goodnight. #God bless each and every one of you with the conviction to share the #gospel with every nation. Put the #word into action!
lol he knows my teacher so he knows
Elle Fanning ‘Freaking Out ’ Over Ryan Gosling Crush (VIDEO) Elle Fanning is growing up so fast — and sometimes it ’s difficult t
Colleen, Uli, and I miss you
O tell me how will I know?
Hahaha, I've had that happen too! Definitely an awful feeling.
a hotel?! Lmfaoo thats too much!
Lived a dream today, did public address at PNC Park. Got asked to come back tomorrow.
things are coming along. expect us coming.
RT : Any good #foodie restaurants in #Seattle nr 5th & Stewart? Local, sustainable yumminess anyone? Let me know.
Thank you!!
The big girl on "Best Ink" is a wuss! I just had 2 tatts done on my feet. I didn't move once. She's a pussy. Respectfully speaking of course
Wow not quite 11am , bars a full in Southie for parade!🍻🍀
read USN years ago B4 it originally went out of print. Awesome book. Love the chapter on water and on sleep 2 promote HGH release
This time i want it all . .
agree: re: "Social Enterprise" semantics. I'd say no to 'social media' & 'soc biz' but I can live w/ 'social technology & platforms'
*(gets up) ughh I hate fucking school (walks to the bathroom and brushes teeth all mad and sh.t)*
who are u then?
K, finally feel confident w my prep work 4 "can u survive a horror movie" shoot tomorrow! Im now proficient in ALL the urban legends! Gnite!
“Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.” Lou Holtz
20 pages of homework. THEY'RE TRYING TO KILL ME.
I get asking for leniency on overdue fines just for the sake of asking... you know, just in case. I don't get anger over not waiving them.
. A 212 pound sturgeon?!? Now #thatsaREALLYbigfish!
Great show weekend! Everyone in #chromatic looked beautiful!!
But because he ran the play out, he was in position to score on the second error.
Haha, i would be too! :) you should a music video to unfriend you. i might be. :]
oh. Loll
the show.?
It's been awhile since I have been able to sit back, relax and enjoy my Sunday evening. So nice to be done with my #jms481 #SLP!
It is the first, immediate thing that could be done to destroy the conflict of interest between commercial and investment
take a swig out of the opposing tendys water bottle
No music just wanna hear the ...,,,
And you're so '60s surfer. LOL
Mom is trying to not let me have any contact with the world all because im pregnant ! tf ?!
I haven't always had this pace, trust!
nothing better than going to bed early on a Sunday night -- then waking up at 1:30am...oh, it's a Monday - lol.
Need to stay in Los Angeles for two nights any good promo codes right now?
I really have to catch every redlight...
I was but I told her my mom said no even though that was a lie I just didn't wanna go I wasn't feeling it today :/
Paging Phil Jackson...
praise dancing n this pageant tonight. It still hasn't started but good luck to everyone. God bless u :)
he could let up 12 runs tonight, and still would be worth more than what u offered....
follow me:)
Fans in NYC, our new samples are here & we're looking for a few models to wear them in a small photo shoot, ya dig?...
Yes! All events are free and open to the public. We'd love to see you there!
On one slideline you have Tebow Tebowing and on the other you have nature calling
At the Green Marketing presentation by the amazing, !
#waystomakemehappy spending time wit me :-)
Thanks for the #FF, sweetie. Spread the word!
Thanks! RT Liking your new name/identity!
Thanx to everyone who came out to RebelFest2 lastnite!! Fuckin rad time!!! Next stop Indy fer Danny & Rachel's wedding!! Cheers
Big things coming
I can't wait for Monday to be done! Only 30 more minutes of pure hell...
not really friends but becky katie i hear other gurls talk bout u i dont see why they do noavence but theydonthaveachance
Should have a disclaimer (our signal may not actually work as advertised in your "best coverage" area as listed on our map)
yeah it's whatever at this point
Yes ": Are you ready to win a copy of “The Music of #Smash”?"
Packing up the car with lots of fun art for Adams Morgan Day Festival tomorrow, Sunday, Sept. 11th. Stop by Belmont and say hello!
How Dare Breyanna Talk About My Movie Like That! *Dramatic Exit*
LMFAO she just started freaking out cause she realized goodbye friday is gonna be here
yes I'm surprised & afriad that team will b dismantled if they can't turnit around
About time to get the basics right and create an environment for innovation, entrepreneurship and growth. Let people create the #jobs needed
Tonight is poker night at the house. I hope to win tonight instead of donking off all my chips
why do people ride the elevator to the basement? Going down, gravity does all of the work anyways.
I don't like finding a piece of chicken in my "vegetarian soup." Pissed right now!
I have a hard time even considering giving up coffee while I work these crazy hours at work. Coffee has literally been my life saver.
> MT : Tickets are $8 for adults, $6 for youth/srs. & can be purchased at will call; any student w/ ID gets in for just $5.
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?! :)
In manalpan with jess ;*
Listening to HEAVEN by The Rolling Stones - mesmerizing! ♥ it!
I'll get it but I'm in Vegas till Friday with my mom.
agreed. Prolly not gonna be pac but we can dream :-)
I have a real talent for getting on the wrong bus when it's raining.
Happy Birthday !
faded the whole wide world
I'm so ready for lunch already...only 9 minutes to go!
Today Fuckedd Up Friday. . .
Be sure to check out for all of your website needs! :)
I need those blu rays! print traffic mike here haha
RT : Using analytics has increased as a set of strategic actions for contingent labor according to Aberdeen
RT if you've watched in underwear 10 times or more ;D
we need you to tour asap. May 27th would be a good day to come to Pittsburgh... ;)
My twitter fail ... Missed the #GenEd12 hashtag; used #AACU12GenEd during afternoon workshop. Oops!
Love it! RT : Every shoe in my suitcase I purchased from - I cross country.
Practice makes perfect, but nobody is perfect so why practice
Free Fastinos Sandwich! Score a Carne Adovada sandwich totally free when you mention the promo code: CA10
can't wait to possibly meet u Mr Herta at Indy this year.Remember, as if u had forgotten, U ARE DEFENDING CHAMPS!
Pete the Cat Saves Christmas by Eric Litwin & James Dean has a Night Before Christmas theme
32 & I almost forgot lol my age
thanks for following me cant wait to work with you soon .
to see about those pictures mane lol
A pun is the lowest form of humor, unless you thought of it yourself. -Doug Larson
Aw!! I miss you guys too! And all of our weird jokes haha
God damn it, I wish this was 1991. Good year of coaching for me. Less angry fans and dumb writers.
Last month we crawled 2.3 billion URLs. Guess it was a slow month.
Im Working On A Few Projects Do You Have A Portfolio?
Neal on fire #GoSpursGo!!!
I live about a mile from my job yet I'm always late.
Dancing With The Stars > The Voice :)
hobbit & evil smurf also could apply. Such a hater.
you've been saying that as long as i've known you
awesome video!
#indieview I'm here!
Some sort of Twitter hack going on. Ignore any direct messages from me.
ONE OUT LEFT
fine... but only because you asked nicely & because I happen to be done with bad boys.
. My takeaway from these sorts of n-grams critiques is not "Ha! See digital sucks!" but wow, let's fix that.
Only about ten more minutes till we serve up some Milwaukee Mexican Love!
I'm a little insulted you declined my invitation .....
i was only kidding about ernest.. I was watching #gardenstate it was so bad it was scary
Have a great day everyone
Specifically wondering if you'd travel to Madison, WI for a wedding on Fri 8/10/12 and rates, etc. Help! :)
were coming for ya tonight, better barricade the cuz bring Jamo & Powers always!
Arm and hand: weak arm
To love someone deeply gives you strength. Being loved by someone deeply gives you courage. ♥
We've preached it all spring. Play the game the right way RT Best team in baseball! can they call the season?
our CEO is in Louisiana w/fam. A cousin just handed her a ball you signed/gave the cousin when on a show in LA. Cool coincidence!
lol... r u sure she did it. Well sort of funny, hope she did not do to much damage.. sorry
"I thought I had a handle on life, but then it fell off."
wow I'm tired .
aww you must have a tumblr on the count of how many FUCKING TIMES YOU SHARE YOUR URL. WE GET IT!! STOP!!
I KNOW!!") IF did do it i would have fone in my NEIGHBOORHOOD callin!(:
Want to say its fabricated but I have always heard rumors about him. I'll say money grab for now.
I forgot to mention I'm wearing a smoking jacket and a monocle while I'm drink it. Now *that's* class.
I love your gages!! What size are they? I have my conch and my industrial pierced:)
good. Headed back to the A next month.
Who wants to hear the truth when they can hear they're right?! -
saaaweet! Let's go this summer and knock that sucka off my bucket list!!
#heterosexual #iWasBornThisWay ROFL!
So happy I discovered the Monday night specials at tonight! Yum!
NEED A BF PLEASE HELP
Hey Princeton tell ur mom i said Happy Birthday! :)
With an off day to follow, I may have to stay off the internet until Saturday morning.
Zombie Wonderland for iPad?
large pizza with three toppings for seven bucks
I feel bad for the girl who is having to give a pedicure to the chick with Harry and the Hendersons legs!
Looked in to this about a year ago & it seems like the answer is no. Pls let me know if someone has devised a way since then.
👌 ok sweetie I'm tryin to get u lol
HSAs...unit tests...final exams 🔫
Rascal Flatts talking CMA's, Taylor talks goals, Brad and Carrie too! Artist Audio up now on #productionvault!
Watching National Treasure with my mommy
Your book looks interesting. I haven't tried teaching online yet although do lots of online assignments in classes.
beautiful morning to head to set!
weather in Chile is beautiful
being a little kid and not havin anything to worry about is definately #SomethingIMissTheMost !!
Crystal Welsh is Steve's sister,the 1 who heard about this walk,gathered a team of her closest friends,&stepped out to lead
Its great because its hot and sunny in California today! ...and other stuff that i dont want to jinx.
Ur breath stinks...go rocking in the tree top
Tommy Boy eports you can get a good look at a T-bone by sticking your head up a bull's ass, but he'd rather take his butcher's word for it.
Party bus tonight.... can't wait.
the thing i hate most abt holiday season: the over-commercialization of #Christmas. 9 out of 10 commercials all abt xmas shopping, spending
Seeds from this orange soak, To grow Granny's tree again, In a blue clay bowl.
aw! As long as we have cell phones and computers I'll always have you.
Omg turkeys have testacles...I had no idea...
All the problems stuck between mind and matter. . If u don't mind, It doesn't matter..
thank you, thank you for sharing blog & vote - love ya! Excited for zoo Wed!
One day you'll see the clear blue, Beyond the Gray Sky. Happy day to all and to all a good night!
any chance for special 'v-neck editions' of the standard issue tees?
Bored. Bout to go to school. I repersent ECMS RAMS Baby. We be rocking ova hea.So if u think bout moving to dewy rose or elberton! RAMS BOO
It can be an incredible challenge to effectively communicate something new to someone who doesn’t see it.
I like a Year In Paratexts more than a Year In Film
“: YOU MUST! It's interactive with chefs @ the bar.” Sounds fun!
the awkward moment when im wide awake and i didn'mr get any sleep last night..
When goes off on me for no reason lol IDK what I did
as much as you mention him, I'm surprised he hasn't put out a restraining order on you.
Isn't this just the EPL version of Houston? Not sure that will be fun to watch. 4. 4. 2. Hoof it into the box.
RT : Don't worry, North Carolina, you'll do fine when all the smart young folks move away.
Joel-E-oly, I do have a few friends at the Royals... I'm trying to find them on twitter so I can put you in touch.
Rush's venom now envelops the GOP and its candidates. No clear and unambiguous condemnation. Americans won't tolerate this.
I'll email you two and we'll get working on it!
Hi Chris, great to a have a theater artist on board.
I just love when my fantasy players starting kicking butt...esp. a week after the start of the playoffs I failed to make. Good times.
I'm so sorry! thank you so much!
Promote your Text Coupons and QR Codes FREE at www.GoCityText.com Contact me and I'll post it under your select city! Offer expires 7/30/11
On my way to Napa to debut Qponomics partnership with the Napa Chamber of Commerce!
$50 for a slightly used Alpinestars padded jacket that matches my bike when retail is about $200? I think I got a pretty good deal :)
Sunday Funday! Happy hour prices on wells and drafts all night, 5pm-close! Bring your 21+ self, your I.D., and have fun!
Sir I'm a huge fan!!! Started listing to you when I was a truck driver. Of course it was at night in sat. Radio in repeat.
“Whoever thought a tiny candy bar should be called fun size was a moron.” ― Glenn Beck
Just had an awesome class with . Our guest speaker was very helpful. Taught us about google and youtube. Thank you Jess
Getting ready to watch the #RevolverGoldengods awards :D only on
good to meet you. So what's the deal with this cheeseburger club? Cheers
my latest obsession: Summer Heights High. Has anyone else heard of it?
I'm beginning to think that it's the other way around. These hips don't lie. Thanks for the support!
rofl! Their not THAT hot! I gave one to my mom.. She unknowingly took a big bite of death!
I just want to lie in bed and watch TV but I can't find my glasses.
Well, here we go. Looks down again after the digestion.
RT : Tribune company (LA Times/Chicago Trib) hooking up with fan journalism sites is one of the worst branding moves ever.
I almost forgot. My official last tweet as a 14 year old goes out to my little brother He's the ultimate friend and my brother.
RT :lots of love & a huge #FF shoutout 2 4 giving the best #wax in town! :)She's an amazing & talented aesthetician! ty
Playing big my man! Time to turn it up and play above what you and the team thought was possible! Boston's scared.
I never make an effort to get up unless my iPod dies.
Google... or Hipmunk
Lovers dance when there feelin in love spotlight shinning it's all about us
The first time a prof introduced that concept, my brain basically exploded. I've never been the same. (Thankfully.)
Thanks so much! I can't wait to get out on the line :) Two more weeks, two more weeks!
hey, go easy on those calendars. They are the most useful thing I get out of the city.
Most exciting sporting event in NYC tonite... #NYRangers, hands down.
$2 Rumchatas tonight at The Harp Irish Pub! 113 E Juneau
Can someone elist all man made problems on earth?!
Thanks for following us! We look forward to your updates.
You know where to find me. RT : this 7 is up and ragin..call me maybe??
WOW! Thanks for that. Now I feel 10x more like crap ._. Loljk
Need something to do after this boring ass class
Cassandra, can you be at Portraits by Carolyn Foster on W. Weiuca at 1:30 for a photoshoot? Xo
Love when a cool article idea pops in your head, then you Google it up, and see that it was covered already in 2003.
xoxo RT : Check out Really cool stuff. Heck, while you're at it, say hello to my little friend
Our mission to detect drug use for Newark NJ school kids should be of interest to you. www.drugfreehomefoundation.org
Netflix you are dead to me. No streaming of Anchorman?!
u n dallas ?
lol really? its like that?
South of France Inspired Quiche! Get New recipes every day! join the banwagon!
Yup, Jay and I holding it down this morning. I've got info on the Dolan Holy Hill Mass tonight, and Honor Flight!
Aw, why thank you :)
Need to register for next semester's courses.
Starting at 2pm in Room C (2nd floor) Social organizing with Come see your Facebook friends become your call list!
Had crucial conversations w/ new clients yesterday.Some r taking advantage of the Twitter coaching discount I offered.
Please log off. Forever. RT : Everythang Look Good On Ha But Her Head
Who am I where am I what am I?
Props to the NYPD for loving my look last night <3
By the way, I hate .co as a url suffix. This is made worse when GoDaddy tries to sell it by objectifying women.
When a person is happy, he is always good. But it is not always good people are happy
Love face to face! Just met at #ibmsocbiz Congrats on wedding and new gig!
WEEKLY drink special: PUMPKIN FRAPPE!!!
Amsterdam/London/Dublin in three days. Excited to catch up with folks.
You can now support AUTISM RECOVERY with Sign up and use your "loose change" to help in buying an Early Screening Mobile Clinic.
making your own choses in life everyone has there own opinion and wether they like it or not just tell them to fuck off !
It can be so very expensive for a musicians to record music!
WILL YOU EVER SEE MY TWEETS :(
really misses my best friend needs chives times
yeah I still been looking, and what's the name u came up with g
Listening to talk on MapR: a highly optimized version of Hadoop. If the filesystem works well outside of MR, this could be big.
I'd sell ur stuff! Lol and buy weed! Haha
did you do Frye's work?
Heading to press conference on the windy shores of lake Michigan. Say tuned for updates & pics!
Todays special summer sausage and colby jack with lettce maYo and onion on wheat toast. choice of side $6.95
Everyone wish my girl a happy birthday! Love you sweets! I'm ready for tonight's festivities! 💋
Love love love work days where I'm done by 10am!
So the music dude said that my songs sound like everything else on the radio. I said that was good enough for me. He said radio songs suck
alright see ya and im serious bout the running thing
Sound like dog shit once, shame on you... Sound like dog shit twice, shame on me.
construction sites are always moments away from destruction.
omg Whit, I think that show is SO hilarious! ps you were in my dream last night. san big red van, unfortunately.
is back today with their new Spring Line! Go show them so love
Can anyone suggest an article/ blog post/ other resource with suggestions for how an #archive can effectively use Twitter?
col. I think sleep is going to win right now.
In 1880, Richard Etheridge became the US LifeSaving Service's first Black commander when he took charge of Pea Island, NC lifesaving station
Vicki your great! Can't wait for you to return to Louisville, KY.
yeah it was pretty legit
Right back at you. MT : #FF some of my talented media friend diaspora. , , and
only if you tickle my balls
Playing sunset towers (tower bar) tonight, in duo, 7:30.
sicily and bari Italy
I'm not kidding about the restrooms.
Ugh, I want to meet him so bad.
Have fun!
I hope it's fun for you and thanks for the compliment sweetie.
Cardiac Nats...tonight's 4-3 win over Phillies is their 10th one run victory of season
why jamika calling me out? lol
Happy #MothersDay to all Moms and stepmoms out there.
Finally won at a casino.
Special Shout Out To Ya. # FF. FB.
well tell her I said thanks! Who is it?
It's not always about who helps you... But paying it forward to help them.. Good karma going around via
Of course, you can add anyone to your list of contacts, but aim for your targeted market
Aw,I love your profile pic too, it is so cute:)! I'm doing good lady, trying to live in the studio. How's my beautiful sis?
You can close your eyes and pretend its all a bad dream, but eventually you will have to wake up to reality
Saving you life is getting more common haha
And we're off!! is under way.
Its great to see so many active tweeters!!!
i gotta work tomorrow, but maybe Thursday
#HappyMothersDay love u
I feel like a genius watching kids Jeopardy week.
Thank goodness for computers. OMG does my handwriting suck.
whoa someone sounds angry
oh... They might've. I was only on during the first part of the argument. I didn't talk to dillon today though because I-
Today in Invention History: Drs. Leder and Stewart issued first patent for new animal life form - a genetically altered mouse in 1988
thanks. really glad you got to see it. cool evening overall, huh?
It was a great joy to work on this wonderful audiobook project this year! Thank you.
now THAT is the truth. We get an A for effort right? Most of my teachers go for that. JK they totally dont!
its been two weeks since i saw my granddaughter yikes! this weekend is the time especially since i am leave again.
I won't be home lol I can't call in or listen :(
thanks you so much!!! prayers always needed, especially now as we jump off the cliff with God!
The most precious gift you can give a girl is the gift of your time and attention.
I think that's what it's called..
Life's a moderately good play with a horribly written third act.
M what ya say? M that you only meant well? M what ya say? M that its all for the best, of course it is!
#OnceYou read The Hunger Games, will be #foreverinourhearts!
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
": Me too QT : I want a diamond grill for my bottom teeth lol" they sell em errywhere down here bruh
My life couldnt get any better right now :)
we honestly don't wanna see Philly so I invite the Knicks to the united center
I am
A truly excellent article!
Oh boy, we have some exciting news for you guys. Check back in with us tomorrow!
Finally having the first drink of the night. Vodka and cranberry juice.
I'm feeling good as fuck right now
The winning combination: Grape, Lemon, Watermelon by Maria S. Congrats on guessing the combo! We will be announcing our next giveaway soon!
Good Night Family
Unsolicited Advice: Avoid any man who uses the word "preggers".
What? No Joomla love? ;-)
Happy, happy Birthday to ! Have a glorious day!
thank god!! I thought I left it at the lakehouse!
Good morning #chicago have you tasted our new Artisan Bagels yet?
Sports Illustrated NBA Insider joins me on in moments.......we'll talk NBA Playoffs, D Rose & Blazers GM search.
This time there was a woman to blame.
Another world is not only possible,she is on her way.On a quiet day I can hear her breathing- Arundhati Roy via Steven Lewis
It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not
FYI: If your traveling in San Antonio, avoid the 1604 N eastbound at Stone Oak. TOTAL shut due to major accident.
A l w a y s gotta have my music playing when I get ready nisshh.
I also love that twitter now lets you "emoji" :)
the truck visits the #AmericanU quad today from 11:30-2. Wear your #wonk shirt and get $1 off wonky fries or wonky dog
Somebody wake me from this nightmare. I can't escape this hell!
Very true that there is nothing better then iced Kenya brewed on the Clover or in a Toddy. :)
I don't need to justify it. I just like drinking beer. And it's making me gain weight. Yaaaay
work any missing persons cases like in the 80s?
amazon = life
I create content and have had it stolen. But, I oppose SOPA & PIPA. Censorship is more dangerous than copyright infringement.
(kendall) I will try (me) lol
Its supposed to rain tomorrow, but i still make this job uniform look sexy....
hm.....we should recruit NPH to host!
We have a new server ready - vpn-in110 OpenVPN (SSL) server in New York
Great drawing of Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber!
I would tweet you something crazy, but mr. popular never acknowledges my existence .___.
I also blocked you so the fact that you saw that me means that you proved my point
getting my nails done 💅💋
your prob a good dude. My wife tho? Come on dude
#havingayoungersiblingsucksbecause if they're a jerk yo you,you can't really say "blah blah was being mean to me!"If there youngerbylike
Heh, yeah, I don't even know what I'm ranting for. Everybody knows it sucks. Some folks just think they have to do it anyway.
LIES! RT : But You Ain't Got No Ass Doe
Canada. Swag. Dream. Never Say Never. 16 millions of followers. the best fan base. Supras. = Justin Drew Bieber. ♥
Great. Thanks, Kathleen. Now I'm hooligan angry. Aggressive pitching to follow.
We have a big project in Laguna Niguel, CA. Pacific Wildlife Project needs help with roofing, flooring, wire cage construction, etc. etc.
Going to do a little Twitter/Facebook scraping with #Apache #Cassandra and #Ruby on #Rails. 500% more WUB WUB
R.I.P former #Raider DT Chester McGlockton. Chester we hope you and Al give 'em hell up there! Best wishes to Chester's friends and family.
Actions speak louder than words.
Did we mention we are throwing a bday party tomorrow night at Sticky Lips with our boys in AudioInflux? Be there
Before we had our son I said he wasn't gon wear nuttin but polo but damn these baby clothes expensive..."wal-mart this,target that" smdh
Family game night with 3 new games from goes to ! Congrats!
But who wants to be followed by 7 jerks? Not me.
agreed. Everything is the same, Day after day. quite frankly, I'm absolutely sick of it! :p
That was really fucked up but oh well....
- We are so excited that we get to work with you at the Maggie Mae's show on Thursday! Let us know if you need anything!
"Transcoding": kind of a fancy word for screen scraping regular site for mobile. Hard to do, hard to maintain, doesn't work well.
wonderful, will the proceeds be coming in shortly?
Actress Tori Spelling is 39. Actress Lynn Collins is 35. Actress Melanie Lynskey is 35. Actress Megan Fox is 26. Actor Jacob Zachar is 26.
The rain ruined my day :/
I'm replacing a leak. :)
Click "Collect Me" to help me win $10,000 and a show in the most immense exhibition of art in New York City : Art Takes Times Square....
Christ & spirituality-proximity is priority.
uh oh whAt makes you say this?
Murphy's Law of Laundry states that the article of clean clothing that I drop when removing clothes from the dryer must be something black.
I hope they ate made of something edible so the starving people can eat them!
digging the tunes, all you need now is a beer at skippers and baseball, and you have officially made it to summer!
Bahahaha! We had snow like a week and a half ago here in Kansas... It's all melted now :)
yea hit me wit a txt 2103093139
Whoops. Great nugget regarding usability testing from web improvement sess. watch users test, don't ask what they want.
Why is it snowing at the stadium but not here, a few blocks away?
WHEN WILL THE DAY COME WHEN YOU FOLLOW ME WHY DO YOU LIKE TO IGNORE ME :(
We live in a buyer-driven economy
Nice to see you, Andre Iguodala.
that paper cut might have gone a bit too deep, it's not light out...it's 11.45pm!
so many job apps...trying to create the perfect resume!
Lynne, that sounds wonderful! How did they respond?
yes him! Never leaving my room again hahaha
hell ya publicity can i help 12inch cock
A balanced diet is important, but they sure are delicious!
totally jealous!!
Never seen this movie
Feel like I've overstayed my welcome and I feel like death.
The bro next to me at MoMA: "I love paintings with tits in them but if i did hang stuff in my house I'd have to keep it bitch-friendly"
I would be happy to sign your "excused absence," though I'm not sure how much weight it would carry! LOL!
#ReplaceEminemSongWithShady shady conscience
No room for all the drama
Michael Brodkorb not at press conference
Chillin at Phonathon this lovely Sunday afternoon trying to make that mula$! Give to the RISD Annual Fund!
Oh so nervous about this game!
you need sleep precious 😚
We are waiting for the new bride to make her grand appearance in Champagne Palace 💍 C O N G R A D U L A T I O N S🎉
I had a pretty wild night, not gonna lie. Played Bejeweled till 3am.
#teamfollowback. Let's go. I follow back.
We don't mind either! :) Let us know what you think
Sorry, Karl didn't have a string of albums and top hits that changed the entire music industry ... regardless of his personal life ... I ...
Hi Lindsay! You're doing a great job btw! So happy my Bearcats have won he LB! Now the Bengals' game- FINISH STRONG CINFB!
We are closed for the weekend. With predicted rain over the next few days check your wiper blades, Bad Blades=Scratched Windshield
Only reason I'm on twitter is because of not .99¢ porn
Aw, we can't choose. How nice of you to send a card!
Oh!!!! Your finally on twitter!!!
The 1-cr word study class I was teaching-- today was our last day. I think they will all sleep well tonight! :)
I am watching the Hazmat team pull up at the HIlton in Portland. The whole place has yellow tape around it. What's going on?
At the Games: Creating Connections to Collections session Minn Convention Center 101 GH
Finally off Saturday fa now she said unless sumdan cum up
forward to the Texas shows in march. Missed the show last year now it's time to rock. Hook it up so I can hang with u guys
Marlene didn't remember the Regal Beagle!!Larry? Jack? oh shit 3s Company! 4s a Party!
twitter is so distracting.
Haha !!! And what are you think about it ?? More than 1000 tweets, more than 2000 following, and more than 200 followers... ♥
Auditioned for season 3! Maybe I will have better luck this time around! Haha
RT : About 2 watch 'I Want Your Money' again, a must-see documentary.. Shout2 !!! // Wazzzup?! ;)
:/ if its possible. You def should do both :D
going to The Roxy this eve...anyone else?!
The AL East is flip-flopped from years past. So interesting.
It costs about 3 reais. ( called the dollar in your country ) Reais = dollar. is the same thing.
love seeing the season 1 final four in the after show! Can't wait for tomorrow!
would sara go on a date with me?
Xtamina is doing it big in Miami on South Beach, come out and join us for free food, drink, and cash.
Sitting up straight and standing tall makes me feel...
concert august 31st! i know, i have said it a million times, but i'm so excitedd!!!! :D
#twitterhugs Jackie, I know Nick was your favorite player.
oh yeah deviants r lurking. im installing a deviant monitor in my passenger seat ...and bedroom.
so, apparently.. because I'm home, I'm supposed to clean house..? HA. no?
When I'm scrolling on my phone and accidentally delete things on Facebook and then have no clue what I just deleted.
#ThankATeacher goes out to both of my parents, three of my cousins, my step-brother, and all the teachers who taught me and teach my kids!
downloading mayday parades new sound which suckss cause they sound lke every other boy band now! =(
plus, you've got to spend money to make money #phrasespetetheplannerprobablyhates cc:
Dude - when r u back in town? RT : wish I could get some quality time with that guy!
Descuento Libre now has coupons for food and personal products! Do you use coupons at the supermarket or pharmacy? How much do you save?
vic dya know what awards ceremony/event eva longoria was at lat night? Or any chance u have a pic of her hair?
who's driving to the 859 tonight?
missed the slogan, but they're always stupid.
Anyone out there coming in for Dolla Burg's tonight?
Who does Dracula get letters from? His fang club.
hi rose, I'm also looking at intersections between critical theory and LIS. Cheers, salud! Johnny
i am so tired of being sad all the time, i'm tired of caring so much and being treated like crap for it. i need a punching bag.
Yes, it's amazing. Never had a complaint.
We'll burn like falling stars tonight. And run like vampires from the daylight.
Guest from Yesterday: You guys are so happy, is that real or a façade? My thought: Lady, if you only knew...
Saints Deserve This Martyrdom at Hands of NFL’s Goodell After leading the New Orleans Saints from the post-Hurricane Katrina doldrums t
we gon have to play sometime
yes,he uses his real name!!!!!
Your hand-made jewelry is beautiful. Keep making more please :)
Terrific dinner at Acadia tonight. Cocktails-menu-wines-service-everything spot on. Many thanks, will be back soon!
Since white people get to say nigga n nigger freely I'm saying cracker,honkey, n jive turkey to respond
Trust me. You have never seen this many turkeys.
It's Saturday! Basically my Friday, I get a day off tomorrow from work!
Obama: I want America to win the future
ill be waiting .
must get moving, must get moving!!! can't get moving.......!!
No joke. My birthdays tomorrow and I forgot how old I will be. It must be pretty old!
Body policing is a social disease. Don't let it infect you.
CFO: Entering into discussion with labor, wkrs to fine tune 401k. Rahm: Nothing can undermine DB plan though. 70% wkrs have both plans.
I'm. really going to bed now
Call us immediately for all of your online media and marketing needs (949) 407-6253
Um I'm at a lower east side bar waiting for macullay culkin come out & DJ...on his iPod. They sectioned off a couch n table 4 him w candles!
Had an amazing 23rd birthday yesterday!
Thank you for the recs!
my woman is on twitter. Her!
Good morning, kids!
f***ing awsome and school start in 3 days lol
oof, Angel Pagan goes down swining; some of this is the peril of facing unknown pitcher for 1st time, but this kid Friedrich looks legit
"I don't want a Happy Meal, I want a Sad Meal."
Our office is colder today than any day #Nashville had this winter
no pressure at all then! #sportingkc till I die! gonna try and get out there tonight....
I don't do girl on girl but u 2 go right ahead!!! LMAO J/k I am so high right now!!!!
meh it's just the 10K 6-max. Probably a fish laced field obv.
Come to the premiere of Una Noche at Tribeca this Thursday please! its an INCREDIBLE FILM!!!
Soldier Shooting Spurs Focus on Combat Stress By C ROBERTSON &A O'CONNOR 44-year-old Army sgt has been charged w murder aggravated assault
Me too!! SO many sex-bots!! Money scams too.
Feels like Thursday... is PAN pub starting in 45 minutes?
I like that you attributed the rumor to "this guy" though. :)
Add a little Medical Marajauna to your brownies and you will get your dairy your greens and your carbs and an open mind
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 70
Just read the #hungergames. I think part of our love of the story is that we would love the Games if they were real. Thoughts?
I'm from Portland and my mother Melody was friends with Mona, wondering if you are still in touch would love to find her.
😱😳😄 RT : S/o to for being the only senior that has to go to school tomorrow 😂
Celebrate National Margarita Weekend at our Doral location. Half priced Margaritas during happy hour today and ALL day Saturday and Sunday.
Experience is how life catches up with us and teaches us to love and forgive each other.
If Russ smith comes out Pitino should be fired immediately after this game.
lmao you never said anything and me and cain had like an hour long conversation haha
have u watched via 2 nd one ? ITS AWESOME
Sandbar Lounge will be Packed Out Tonight! Dj Spinnin Hot Music All Nite. 710 West. Willow Ave Long Beach 90806.
California Flower Mall DIY Mother's Day Flower Gift Guide Shows How to Give ... - PR Web (press release)
seminar live NOW - The Science of E-mail marketing #EmailSci Email = Homework to the average consumer
MONSTER'S INC with Hannah. LOVE this movie. :] <3
I can only keep 1 present...
I'm going to a function Wed that honors local law enforcement. Usu an interesting event.
outlook? *ducks*
I want to meet you too girl! ❤😘❤
I should really put a "welcome home" mat in front of the donut hole end cap at Walgreens.
hey! ur not following me?
I swear mothers day was in march?
LOL....you speak the truth, brother. :-)
We cracked a towel in half this morning
I think its the silky DJ Quik hair.. Like a big ass pimp tattoo. I ain't mad ya tho country croonin playa <3
TGIF! Come in for a fish fry made with 's Louies Demise Amber ale!
If you lost in space, you surely can't show me how to stay grounded on earth.
Jah lives! Children yeah!
One of those days when you have to just forget about the first half and start fresh. It's never too late for a new beginning <3
Stoked! Seriously, cannot wait! RT I think I have a new reason to like the holidays. My favorite people come back to MKE.
Agreed. Look what happened at EMA! Nothing short of stellar!!!
cool.. Imma meet u dwn da street, to pick it up...
Kill like we know how. Killing like we’re allowed.
#rt Some lucky person is going to win 2 Drivn Apparel tees today just for mentioning & following us. Will it be you?
Following you pfb
Loved the story!
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf She finds out I'm on twitter. -Tweet by childish
Life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best. -H. Jackson Brown
Everyone follow so we can make this City better.
BABE FINA COME C ME......OMG I LOVE DAT SEXY ASS TALL RED TATTED DREAD HEAD DADDY DO SOME TO ME!!!!!!!
Battle ship is too funny lmao
NONE cuz the guy wuld be under the jail quick fast, like common sense, no questions asked! That's all the folks protesting wnt in this case
JUST RANDOMLY REPLIED TO ME I AM FREAKING OUT OMFG
This thunder <<<<<
Today I watched Paula Deen wrap a block of mac n cheese in bacon, bread it, then deep fry it in peanut oil. I am in awe.
Our Sushi & Champagne Dinner Party is looking really good this Saturday. Make Reservations ASAP Contact for Birthdays - Tables
I wanna dance with somebody- my favorite Whitney Houston song. <3 rip
No one tests the depth of a river with both feet.
Seth or the drink? ;) Hahahaha
I need a new Avi .
Rolland deserves a win after all the help for Voeckler, EuropeCar has raced and amazing #tdf TT will be so exciting go
Party was so fun (: Off to bed. 😘 Nightt loves. (:
yup yup besties
#Huguely attorney, doesn't contest "an altercation occurred". But asks jury, "where's the intent to kill?"
It's amazing what you find when you excavate tree pits in New York City! Tons of bricks and bits of years gone by.
NRLC presser starts in one hour. Hope all goes well.
why the sad faces?
you see our new snapbacks?
re: Matches Patches - didn't Hop also come out in 3D this year?
