thank you for inviting me to the beta you are Pintastic
Reinstalling Final Cut on my new hard drive. Finally!
What is wrong with people these days?! I mean come on! Grow up and stop acting like a baby! Be mature! It's not that hard!
hey i was at the presentation too!
Playa's Club is on Repeat ( the movie )
Im gonna be on a tweeting spree on this car ride
I never get a good night sleep to much the mind o well
what about man bits? I can't incorporate? But... it deserves a tax break too... :(
": Don't you ever wonder if the Asian kids think that Panda Express is very subpar? #randomthought" I do.
is my favorite weather girl!
// Hi Rebecca. Thanks for the follow. Come visit if you're ever in
Some guys know all the right things to say. ♥
Tonight from 5-7:30 join us for a special Yoga workshop, focusing on partner yoga for labor and delivery.
I've been on a purple kick lately too. Must be in the air!
You know you're getting old when you get that one candle on the cake. It's like, 'See if you can blow this out.'
I have a greatLeifer shot from Fenway in today's queue. He was the best.
This is insane! I had a dream last night that Bobby Brown died! Little did I know it was going to be Whitney instead! This is so sad! :'(
He was too good for this world. This world is a hell hole and god called his angel home. I miss him to death :-(
damn right! That makes my day. Thanks for the support man!
defeatist = Michael levin
I think i passed out for like 30 min and broke my glasses in the process
Look dude, be thankful you have someone to remind you theres a night time. ;)
The interstate in this weather >>>
and I thought you were doing it in honor of brown dog day!
naughty boy Matt
Sucks to suck
And of course, I mean "Cleaning the slate for #septembeard"...not "cleaning the skate"...
What do you find most inspiring in your life?
your mom is the cutest thing!!!!
Thank you for the RT!
I only took issue with the Barmes signing. The rest was to be expected.
It's going to be a busy week!
Ugh. You can be such a condescending prick. Mister.
Are you here? Make yourself known. Shout out the #FreshCoastClassic on #twitter. We want to meet you!!
I've missed you, Jason Stackhouse!
Samsung Electronics reports record profit - Mainichi Daily News
Dear #chicagotraders No, I don't actually think you could teach a room full of third graders. But it would be funny to watch.
You know you're a badass when you can make #Finland look like a great place to visit! Touché
"A Russian nesting doll situation?!" Oh Schmidt, I love you : )
Be the father of my kids please
Damn people who lie but just are afraid to admit it . haha . im sorry but your a low life scum no one likes .
fat as fuck
Amen. I'm mostly surprised that amazon did the overdrive deal in first place and skip over libraries already.
i know this made me laugh so hard
you STILL ain't gave me your tumblr... #fail...Happy Momma's Day thou...
fuckkkkkk being single.
That storm was crazy! Totally freaked out after watching #insidious too!!
what a tune
Shrek is to trippy right now
I'd like that.
3rd & Final Question for the day:Yelena Andreyevna, who was once played by Laura Linney, is a character from what Chekhov drama?
2 gms in Indiana,they have a shot as long as the Miami refs don't travel
Don't worry, be crabby.
Speakers on How To Get Elected-
Just when you think someone has turned the corner, disappointment sets in again.
Not a fan of dark pants and white shoes...even on the golf course.
Your O-face makes me smile.
IMPACT has been featured in the Los Angeles Music Magazine under Los Angeles film spotlight...exciting!
sweet! I love the Street Views. You can customize your map view to zoom in a bit on your content.
playing the piano in the dark >>>>>>
Thanks for the mention! How was your experience?
ha sounds about like lex. Snowed yesterday and was 60 today.
Avoid using abrasive tooth powders, salt, tobacco, etc. for cleaning the teeth.
Y is it so hard to teach yo girlfriend how to play the game lol
can't wait to see the launched site!
10 more chocolates ;)
This muthafucka #rkelly had the studio staff running around LA looking 4 a lifesize mirror that he could record in front of
someone should have told me it was going to vacuum seal to my hand
Any songs you handsome fucks wanna see us cover?
hoes dese days. Nasty, she gave me
The tofu and rice combination is the best. So says the wife.
Looking forward to fall, O-M-G...anyone want new fall MUST HAVES? Visit Justfab.com! Need a referral link? Ask and you shall receive! <3
what's up neighbor? Have a great day!
The guy who said that was a tenured classics professor. After that he was a freelance author.
Especially impacted by 9/11 ann this year. Maybe because I have my 2 happy girls this year. My heart goes out to the families.
I don't know. But ion wanna be in the house! It's too nice out!
I could never be as mad as you are about this, but I'm trying. You have my sympathies and my $ every time. even if it was on VHS
Happy Easter! :0)
but your name is blondie?
can't wait to hear what you dig.
Time to watch my Sex and the City
lol I'm about to go to BED lol
Ditched the heels, today is a flip flop kind of afternoon!!
Pay this hotel prom tomrrow
Bringing Russell Wilson to the strip club tonight...
I think my dog died in his sleep. Either that or I have to start feeding him food which has a lower corn content.
I love my lil sis :) #sister love 💗
writers Alexandra Teague & Noriko Nakada read tonight. Thaisa Frank & Richard Katrovas had to cancel last minute...sorry!
I've had a crush on #oomf since like 10th grade. He's perfect
Instead of Arkham Terror, it's Arkham Monopoly. ACTIVIA!
Lol RT : Tommy Lee gone Psycho
: Having the greatest time listening to Andrew cox make jokes. Lmfao
yah, about the only interesting thing o can think to do with Wave. Highly conductive to it, I think.
That way, people will stay and work in the room and we know where people are if they didn't finish (and how to help them finish). 2/2
I have knicks plus 12 meaning I'm 25 points ahead and counting
What a slow race. Anti-climactic start to my season but still better than no racing!!
Arizona Rattlers identity development underway. OHA to redesign biz cards, letterhead, envelopes and much more.
Chk My Upcoming Shows <----
a lot b-days this month
Check me out on my youtube page and see and hear more. Peace
Real niggas pour the milk then add the cereal
Happy hallmark day, everyday is mothers day if she has done what mine has!
For now on, my signature is Quarta Lope *S.B.S.E.* Just know DATT!!!!!
I'm working on coming to terms with the fact that, what society deems "comfortable" i call borderline frigid.
and the #UHsb team wins their opening game as they defeat #SJSU 5-1. they now await the winner of BYU/LaTech
Thanks for connecting! Please let me know if you'd like to read one of my plays. Best, Matthew
First time at Rusty's Backwater Saloon on Stevens Point
love u too<33
Good Morning Phera!!! ;-)
super cute :)
I know how u feel, some ppl @ my old school were really mean to me, but I care about u.
: Lol. You're welcome sweetie :))
I hate the MBTA
haha glad I can help make your night a little better!
Church , The opening of my aunt's ice cream shop , & then quince practice !
As you plan your yoga practice this week, remember that new students get a free week here at East Village Body Shop..
I love how we used to shop during class.. I should of majored in some sort of fashion degree. I would be top student! I miss you
RT : My message to anyone working on a college campus - you are all admissions counselors, regardless of your title.
Celeb in the house! and !
any tips on capturing a room using 123catch?
I went to "Friends With Benefits"--not the right movie. + It's pretty hard to beat my LED. guided the sweet purchase.
having fun ladies?
#TebowGotTradedFor a Snickers bar and a candy to be named later!
Any other #goldrush fans been watching #duckdynasty. Hilarious
Best quote of #TCDisrupt from Elon Musk, "astronauts just biological cargo." re: spacex
ok it will never happen again
PayPal is such a racket.
this falling rain is cozy
thanks for all the Austin restaurant advice. Looking forward to seeing you live on stage soon. cc
all you need is #jackdaniels. Bing fries are done!
I over think things way too much for my own good.
Pre-Conference workshops begin at 9 am in El Granada and Montara. You must be registered for these additional sessions to attend.
How is this any different than the Wade Collapse Games of last year ??
I wouldn't have to manage my anger if people could learn to manage their stupidity. -_-
I've found comfort in my suffering and uncertainty in happiness and death, because what's next is such a mystery to me.
Can you even touch the net?? LOL RT : Can't wait to dunk on & next time we hoop! LOL
Picture jewels being handed 2 an innocent child... I never knew... I had 2 b 9 yrs. old when that came out RT
Check the meaning of 'poster boy.' That term doesn't in any way fit into this discussion.
Who's all there!?
But you know I'm 23 going on 50!
#notguilty #shocked wonders what the jury know we don't, Jose Biaz & team just became legends.
Words to live by. RT : #nothingwrongwith wearing white after Labor's Day
Just realized that Maude Lebowski's giggly friend with the John Waters 'stache is Professor Quirrell in the Harry Potter films.
I got u my brother
I just need too get out and talk...
The International Chamber Artists will be performing very soon here in our lobby. If you are in the area come stop in!
Keep me updated on the lakers...i mean they still loosing right????lol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : Also, remember that they won't remember what you teach them but they will always remember how you treat them. #sschat <-TRUTH
are you in the "it's alive" session?
Congrats again to all of our new finalists! Watch YOBI Live on Wednesday at 8 pm Eastern for your finalist feature! htt://yobi.tv/live
SPOILER ALERT! RT : Dawg, Debra Messing is on #Today today?! WHY IS THE WORLD AGAINST ME?!
Just saw this Jackie. How awful! Prayers for your family!
Somewhere on the internet, Friendster is smiling.
Just got invited to a blogger lunch in Rhode Island, but alas, I wasn't cool enough to be a scholarship winner lol
I just started watching Mad Men so I finally get your picture. I spent many a tweet wondering who that was
The Michigan Difference
So happy to hear you enjoyed it! Looking forward to seeing you again soon :)
Haven't gotten mine yet, but I'll be voting YES!
“: Friday best day for social engagement. 7-9am & 5-6pm are best times throughout week >
Obviously, you don't know much about Cal at Memphis. Dude had 2 play anybody, anywhere 2 help w/ seeding & did!
I wil read my own scripts, look over notes but who will do all this laundry!
is he okay? I'm so sorry :( that is a really horrific way to start the year off
It was awesome! Lots of excellent ideas. Will be posting a status update for the rest of the group soon.
Frontera grill = only redeeming part of ever having to go to O'Hare.
Thanks for sharing, Chris.
Long day.... I'm ready 2 rest & get 2morrow over w/.. Workin can b tiring sometimes .... Goodnight World..
Yes, we are doing rush for all remaining performances, $20 cash, while seats last!
I'd like to pt out that has nearly finished TFIOS. In 1 hour. My gf is a speed-reading superhero & I NEED TO GIVE HER KLEENEX.
the football fight was awesome
just I need to be working with you helping you out we need to drill together and all this stuff!:) It's gonna be though but worth it
Damn . That nigga know my number by heart ! Lol
: is the new role for you in the tradition of Stephen Frykholm? He gave a talk for me last fall.Congrats!
Got an idea for my next video? I'm all ears.
Well. Freshman year is officially done.
is it we found love?? I love that song!
Gordon Setter
RT : At #Nasstrac in #Orlando , seems to be more activity in the #logistics space this year than any of recent memory
tomorrow will be devoted to words, mark my words.
Can't wait for Summer! ☀🌴
In the middle of the cleaning-the-whole-house stage of writing.
Bring Back Ringer I loved seeing back on tv
I hope she gets one too, just as shes about to get a pie out the oven....Madea is such a played out & now annoying character
Serven is now shutting down --->
BREAKING NEWS: 35-Year-Old Avery William Good arrested for allegedly stabbing a 74-year-old Shelbyville woman to death.
Being the best I can be...
... and thank you for the follow!
I want to get the socks he wore more than a jersey! Those were sweet!
its not lol
So cool to go to a town you've never played in and have new friends singing along from the beginning.
Great meeting w/Director & Co-producer on sales strategy for 'Privacy' & selection of script 4nxt feature film. Great ideas in the making...
Great parties need no significant preparation. It is all about the people attending.
7 massive SportsRadio 1250 signs absolutely necessary? Or is GE's memory so poor he needs constant reminder what station hes on
you're awesome Kelly!
saw it too girl. So beautiful.
not to mention I couldn't find the stage door! Where the hell is it?
Jones: "99% of large employers still offer health benefits to our workers" #nasi2012 "Not all take it, but we offer it."
All Aboard!
What's goin' on out there peeps? I mean besides this #PRSMS thing I'm obviously missing out on...
I was trying not to.
Im actually ok!!! If it werent raining while Im waiting for the bus I would be great! well that & if I didnt have to work...
#HIMSS12 Another day with 30,000 of the best in Healthcare IT and the technology companies that serve us.
do you miss me yet?
hey used your repcode DBOT8787 at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com & saved 10% THANKS :) keep it real
Seeing today with braces was the cutest thing I have ever seen.
Kim Kardashian has over 10 million 3 hundred thousand followers. I honestly don't even know what to say.
The statue of the hillclimber is Joe Petrali.
is Business Development and Social Media Strategy Manager at SCT.
He loves a woman with a future and a past......im just saying my future is so bright
Law of the laundry - the #Ravens all-white uniforms are slick - one of their best combos. Steelers throw-backs are horrendous. Just saying.
I really need 2012 to be awesome.
it woulda been better if we had punted hah
ready for the FSU upset of Ohio state once you get there???
So I say we start praying that will have a catty girl priest panel on her new show.
The Fatboy® doggielounge will become Radley's new best friend in no time!
When I was young my bestfriend and I had dreams,He wanted to be a astronaut,I wanted to sell dolphins on the black market...ppffff astronaut
Very catchy I love the synths!
Celtics won fuck outta here hawks
Dear Obama, feel free to make North Carolina secede and become its own Nazi colony.
RT : "There will be so many times you feel like you've failed. But in the eyes... of your child you ARE Super Mom."
YOU ARE the pretty one miss! ;D lol
we la la love chobani yogurt! <3
Elizabeth Laime uploaded Have Fun With It!
let's get a drink girl
dope track, i like the flow... keep pushing that raw music!!! Shalom...
For the next 1 hour swing by Highland Pacific Restaurant & Oyster Bar and get the deal shown here: High PacTacos
That's cool. Are you Going to hang them up?
u say the coolest things!! write a damn book please!!
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
MJ impersonator Pete Carter is in the HOUSE TONITE!! #MoonWalk Competition starting soon with Jay Kru from handing out Prizes!!!
Yes, the tech gods are not smiling on us today :-/
Way to multi-task and still treat yourself! :)
I totally feel addicted to my life right now. THaNK u!! :)
": RT if you ever sent a confrontational or important text to someone, then were nervous to open the reply…"
Tis one week until #OpeningDay - GO
agreed. bit of "shock value" there. similar to email is dead. but, agreed, dynamic, ever changing and fun!
And now hes just sitting behind me. Creeper!
Follow organization!
ya like what I have had or got that's why you all in my mix
I honestly don't think you will have any problem winning the Shorty awards <21 :D
UGK hold up
RT from Iran - Support for Mousavi in Tabriz is very high - many protests -
FINALLY starting Downton Abbey. Better late than never...
Going to a Spanish speaking barber shop when I speak no Spanish
Luol Deng makes the All-Star team. It's about time. Well deserved this year.
Beer. Wings. Brewers. Pizza.
- the only time you should ever look back is to see how far you came.
Thanks for the follow. Already enjoying your tweets.
It was delightful to meet ! I kept his water glass full and made sure he cleaned his plate at dinner. /
now I remember that story...and this is a great tweet from you Bausch...
This just in... there will be a special performance you don't want to miss at tonight's dance! See you at CCB at 8!
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!! 1
Sound terrifying.
I cant force you to want what I want nor can I force you to want to give us a try.. So I will just back away.
Tonight we have the #trailerparkninjas downstairs w/ Check out the NEW upstairs w/ ... rememeber tom is
Wait, are they talking about 3D printed objects as even being copyrightable? That's the fundamental issue.
thank you for the mention :)
Cubs drop the Cards.... Great ending. Now let's go
don't be!! I bet they'll love you! Haha
jones could've stood there with a bat on his shoulders and gotten a free base
Thank you! Love my flowers!
That's why Mississippi is glad there is a Kentucky when school ratings come out.
Just emailed a resource to Rosalie. Should they go to you instead?
i could really go for some steak, mashed potatoes, & steamed veggies right now.
It's fitting that this series between the #Caps and #Bruins is going to seven games.
A relationship is never a waste of time. If it didn't bring you what want, at least it taught you what you don't want, and what you need..
So I hear. Word is this episode was awesome.
heading to Seattle for crew leader training. Figured I'd go down a few days early for a mini vacation before the 17th.
Damn this weekend is getting so confusing. The whole fucking team should be going and that should be the end of it.
Contemplating dark chocolate.
Real talk: forget the PJ, we are gonna land the Chopper right on top of the "condo" helipad.
I need to order that new one u showed me this wknd
thanks a lot bro.
RT : On #BWEChat tonight we're going to talk about Twitter - is it turning into a link farm? Join us at 9:00 p.m. EST
my cats! and if you accepted my friend request you would know that :) cc
lol it kind of does
Red Wings 5, Sharks 2 (you heard it here)
You have talked so often of going to the dogs – and well, here are the dogs, and you have reached them, and you can stand it
I NEED ME MORE THAN I NEED U
RT : do you touch up and style weaves?<<yes
..idk im like blah idc if fb bought freakin youtube its still youtube!!
Never thought I would be sponsoring athletes.
full house in the reading room!
Ohio State can't buy a bucket since 3:00 left. Bad time to go cold. Should been Sullinger time.
To live is like love, all reason is against it, and all healthy instinct for it.
RT : You could be the very person an employer seeks. Let yourself be found! Use LinkedIn, networking, job boards.
its my goal idk why
Go Raiders today <3
Amazing, productive morning. #PTL Thanks for the hospitality, US Main & NorCal :) Back to San Diego.
Got myself caught in a fairytale & what is real✨
very beautiful video. Thanks for sharing your work and your adventures :-)
You a Man U or City fan? I'm an Arsenal man myself... (cough, cough...ahem)
Tell that to all the soldiers fighting against your war on traditional marriage.
The video I posted is my daughter's. Watch and retweet. It's DOPE.
ditto ziplines. Body descends faster than fear, but they meet at beginning and end! argh.
Yeah he's home resting comfortably now!!! Thanks...
Ponds Cold Cream
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 52
dude... How will I organise it... I'm on the other side of the world ahah
At least I know I'm playing good, trusting my reads, and still confident.
I never graduated from college, and I don't regret my decisions. Alas, this time of year always makes me kinda wish I got to take that walk
that's what I thought haha
The top get higher the more that i climb...FREEWORLD wudduppp
ill dm you that
Of course I would be the one to almost play with a strangers hair(:
thanks for being gracious. :) And I'm so thankful you found us and are getting connected so quickly. Hope you're encouraged!
okay its fine! For the first three on the top of the back, when I mutiplied to see if it was correct they were all wrong, but
For sure-->Insight without Action is meaningless.
Meant to be!!!
that sucks dude, well, its her loss
I'm seeing signature moves.. RT : What is happening on my TL right now? Did twitter after dark minutes roll over or something? Lol
#CapsPlayoffs time to focus on baseball...til football season
Eek! I will keep that in mind... sorry for the spoilers :)
Declined my offers from Cambridge and Oxford today. It's official: we're going to Durham.
A girl wants a guy to have her house ; a guy wants a girl to have his last name .
make that two pieces.
lol this dude J spent like a half hour talkin shit about because we beat him a few hours ago its pathetic
Looking forward to working with you on the #solarchallenge!
Good game on NBAtv tie game, ATL blew a 19pt. lead. Chi just went up by two.
just visited my incredible, energetic Mom.
you're great I admire you I'm your big fan
text me now tho(:
SOMEONE TALK TO MEHHHH!
24 hours post knee surgery, doing great! Not quite ready to kick butt yet. Maybe tomorrow!
I'm pretty sure that a prereq to be on #HouseHunters is "just how annoying can you be?"
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun. ~ Flip Wilson
Kurt Malueg at IBM: customers want to control the entire process. Connect at any time anywhere
wa i miss you.
Hey guise(:
May the FARF be w/ you all gr8t sharing new ideas!
the mall is a good place to go and check yourself to see how you're doing in life haha but don't talk ish on the food court
I wish a pearl, I guess its not that rare to get two oyster together, it just happened to be one I picked to taste
Nerd Wars become serious when my phone gets held hostage!!
On fire!
Coal, crude oil, and natural species has been a problem the 1970s ...
I am exhusted. And its only tuesday
Really Proud of what my team has done these 2 past days! Time to finish it off tmr.
Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Are DATING? Wow! Amazing
Who's anxious for my new mixtape? maybe i should upload a couple of snippets along the way to give people a taste of whats to come
You should never start and finish your sentences with pronouns. Other than that, nice spelling.
Mathematically speaking, anything at all is more than zero
I wish pop
My colleague Maria Gäde presents her work on multilingual access to #europeana now at #etech11 - interesting results from log file analysis
Thanks to you and the coaching staff for organizing the trip. what a terrific experience.
Ha Ha GMEN Rule!
i say my hell is the closet and i'm stuck inside -dave matthews
morning to you as well! I'm working for a lot of reasons, but of course our baby girl is one of them :)
Um apparently I live under a rock. Congrats on the Guest Star role!!!!!!!!!
I AM TAKING A STROKE OMG CHILI PEPPERS TONIGHT I CAN'T MENTALLY HANDLE THIS AH
I think every girls wants to go on a trip somewhere and somehow find the one that she was meant to be with.
Mom: we have very important people comin over! So be on you best behavior. Me: I don't think I have a best behavior(:
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 9
I am so glad someone thinks that other than me!
I LOVE LIFE<3
u kno it girl
#FF Thanks for the follows and RT
Aww that's so sweet :)
Hello, How do we submit a press release for consideration?
i had a dream that i got a pick up truck last night. when i woke up to find my mini van in the drive way i went back to sleep
Firm believer that good things happen to those who wait...
Congratulations to Michelle DiMeo and her tech comm students who won 2012 Award for Excellence in WOVEN Communication from Georgia Tech.
Almost back home in mississippi. 1 mo hour to go thank u lord
radical day with and katie. followed with a headache. wonder where the advil is....
i keep reading that tweet trying to remember but no i don't fried too many braln cells i guess
how about you come to me, i can make scrambled eggs
Glad you're set up with an account again - sorry for the trouble!
can't sleep. coffee after drinks at wedding. in chaise by pool under neon HOTEL sign. took blue pill from 1st aid kit. hope it's tylenol pm!
I'm Juliet and is my Romeo!! <3
Seemed like everyone at that bar last night was auditioning for the new season of jersey shore... made my fuckin night
Just a heads up, I'm filling a 100 page notebook with things for you guys :p
Females trip me out with that "I'm too pretty for this" line. I mean you aight.. Lol
"I'm Your Huckleberry" Love that movie and Doc Holliday is my favorite
It wasn't my fault, you know that.
Going to Toronto this weekend...anyone have recommendations? Especially for FOOD
Yes, I always offer to go to lunch with the person, but do let them know it is ok if they prefer not to
Yay for the Belgians! Storify is a little bit Belgian and too :)
when's your birthday my friends birthday is April 21
#hazing. (I still do and it still makes me break out in a cold sweat.)
Its your first time eating chinese food?? Thats crazy :)
don't even think about that shawnie!
his first attempt is next year. He will get accommodations but I am nervous. :-(
Highlight reel - Here we come!!
ima start getting ready in a little bit.
clarification- PGH girl RTd one pick. crystal ball is a bit foggy. #Penguins yes. He forgot the
u know how theres name brand cereal then the off brand kind. im like the off brand beiber w a more rock edge. :P
Why Wud I Be MAD??
Wrong “:Alex Trebeck? “: #Whoami? Stand up comic/mixed martial arts fanatic/psychedelic adventurer/occasional tv whore”
FOLLOW HIM
Come out and see us. We'll be at McGovern's in San Mateo tonight at 10.
is it too late to be in it? I dont care what I am (:
Hey, editors: dust off those "Austin Powers" headline variations!
RT : Keep ur back safe when bending down: Bend the knees, bend from the hips, keep ur spine lined up.
Locked in a weekend fantasy football playoff contest with my friend/colleague
Great to be here in San Antonio. Looking forward to a great
fees from gay marriage licenses could balance the budget
“: Cookout anyone” Birch was there
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Dylan Barrow ⁰Rising 9th ⁰Fort Wayne, IN ⁰Travel Team: Spiece IN Gym Rtas ⁰Power Forward 6’5
i'm at the #ovc10 hack day, maybe as well?
snitches end up in ditches cuz they are sorry ass bitches"
Haahaa:D i dont .(: im use to wearing shoes
Whoops, meant "error" there. Not "run."
I'm really good at detecting subtweets about me.
The style is an easy way cotell the complex.
cap room?
I had a customer say "If it's so popular, then it must be good." I wasn't sure how to respond...
I work with complete squares. There are two Dicks working here: "Big Dick" and "Little Dick"
Had hella fun today w/ ! We went to like 8 places !
Why the hell is my dad texting me facts about Kentucky
Catering Holiday Events www.patrickscatering.com
It's good to see you in the Twitter-sphere as well!
Shit. The spaceship is down for the count.
I could say the same thing for you, blue eyes.
sitcoms, dramas and educational programs are all dead. Start a reality show. Networks will buy any crappy reality show idea.
Hello Luis :) RT : It's it now... RT Positive minutes Turiaf that's what I love to see
I love these days (:
We know Krejci and Bergeron are playing hurt, but what's the excuse for Lucic and Seguin?
"I got used to being high and nothing that I try seems good enough right now. It’s all so watered down like having wine after whiskey."
half of that is veryy false
They performed at the today!
you will be awesome. I wish we had all planned to go as a class.
only the hardest!
The Horn Of Plently = best song ever.
RT : I wish the show came on every night. Love that show!
Looking for passionate experienced sound person for 2 day shoot next week in and around Portland, OR. Please retweet!
oh my god have fun!
It's my half birthday. Yup. #notimportant 17.5 years.
...some really big hands ...lol
You can't please all mf's
Prayers and thoughts for a speedy recovery
Today, July 18 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
#RGIIIoverLuck will have a better rookie season...
Two men were executed because of homeland leading to America being against immigrants
absolutely!!! there definitely will be :)
You my dear are not ugly. I can guarantee you are beautiful.
"...taken to a level of pure physical exhilaration...it's impossible not to melt into sweet agony..."
Can't sleep. But the rain and lightening storm is stunning to watch and lovely to listen to.
Thank you so much for the love!
I must begin to plan! Who's going to #BEA next month? If you can read this, odds are I want to meet up. :)
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective - Warren Buffett
I'll make you glad you came
Not every man really lives.
We'll be releasing them as wallpapers for your iPhone/iPad/computer after it's all said and done.
The more I think of you, the more I want you! Lol
A coup? Gimme a break. Don't try and romanticize this Ryno screwjob.
Now Following Baqk (:
Name the song Charlie had to type in the control panel at the end of season 3 to kill the signal blocking device? #Lost Trivia
miss you
Hell Naw bro I didn't even know im there tho
“: In other shocking news: The sky is blue except those times of day it is not.” today is not yet confirmed is blue
Do you even need to ask? ;)
Finna get on my level before the night begins
Looks like a great adventure! Thanks for sharing the photo.
Nice goal France to tie up the game with 3 minutes left.
hey ya.)
Thanks for that info.
Hot Chelle Rae and Electric Touch concert tonight tonight! ;D
It's not apathy...I'm just done microwaving TV dinners for a living :)
how old are u
Thanks! I love Hollywood Studios!
Pretty sure Andrew Garfield would play in a movie, and it would probably be called The Micro-Blogging Site
It's Natl Apple Pie Day! The most common toppings for apple pie are vanilla ice cream (a la mode) and cheese (American cheese or cheddar).
thanks for the shoutout
You don't need to explain anything to me... RT : I was trying to get the notifications to work lol
ITS NOT OKAY ?
The ability to make a decision, act on that decision and keep to it is fundamental for a business person to be successful.
RT Regular naps prevent old age..... especially if you take them while driving.
Oh hey all, I have FREE ads & social media promotions on and Get your brand known in NOLA! Who wants one?!
LOL #awardwinner, huh? RT : So now Chuck's just gonna be sour cuz his prediction was wrong, lol
I'm good, thanks for asking! Whatcha doing?
"unfavorable?" what is this - a baseball game? overturning law is serious business.
: Re: Avengers e-paper, holo-displays, LCDs—old and new tech ALWAYS coexist. That new is a wholesale replacement of old is a myth.
Last full week of school, so ready for summer!
#TextMessagesFromAStalker I enjoyed watching u shower but why didn't u wash under ur feet...(?)
It was nice of Nebraska to replace Indiana as the B10's hopeless doormat.
Saw your tweet about the sidekick...heard the T-Mobile Sidekick network has been down for a few days :(
I'm watching Hockey. Go Caps! #misterhastheremote LOL
I know at least 3 people who went to Melbourne last week. Did you go for the convention?
There was actually a dude in the window (ok looking) lovingly petting a cat the whole time.
Broadway's TONY nominations announced tomorrow at 8:30am, broadcast LIVE from the Bruno Walter Auditorium at LPA on
Seriously!? LUCKY!
ah I am happy for you too then! What time? ;)
rack city, niggas in paris, dance ass
That awkward moment when you forget the anal beads at home
Listening to some old mgk . I havent listened to some of these songs in forever ! Miss it
#inmiddelschool I would get suspended if I didn't wear the uniform
#IfIHadATwitterPromIdTake <3 the most handsomest boy on the face of this planet(:
when ru back in crystal city? i'll bring the office!
A relationship without trust is nothing. so if there's no trust, then there's nothing. right?
Wild ones is fucking on every station ..
#Dow extends loss to more than 200 points on renewed concerns about Europe's debt crisis.
SNOW DAYY!!! :D
I also used to believe in calories in calories out so I would starve myself to lose weight-which never lasted very long
A person I requested on Facebook from 2009 just now accepted my friend request.
#sarcasm was in my last tweet
We also have been hacked with that wordpress malware.. We're busy right now trying to fix it!
lol, that would be hella funny.
Yeah... the 1800's were WEIRD!
haha busted shhh it's a secret.
You got it buddy
...At least now I know who I can have tear the pictures up of me and Ron, if something were to happen between us.
Some online colleagues and I are collaborating on a virtual conference for ourselves with
The part with the aliens was intense.
Injuries, especially on D and Ryan Miller, doomed the Sabres season.
Today is the Greater Baltimore Children & Nature Conference! Looking forward to hearing discussions on connecting youth to nature.
We're not anti anything. We are just trying to promote love over snark. Hugs over drama. Positivity will always win!
damn kids and their "injuries." Craig Ramsey played with 3 broken legs at once!
so am I haha
Yay personal router is up an running. Now the xbox an ps3 are both connected along with any other device I add :-)
aha thanks guys.
#smwtransmedia Debate over the term "transmedia" reminds me of the heated debate back in the day of whether email is/was letter-writing.
Went to visit master banjo builder Robin Smith to photograph his shop & his wife greeted me w a huge plate of xmas cookies.
Have you switched departments for real? Congratulations! Your discussion this afternoon reminded me of an idea I had. Some +
O's have won 8 of their 11 series.. Are 12-5 vs. the East, 11-5 on the road. Starting pitching stays competitive, team as whole will too.
AHH Scream It Like You Mean It Tour VIP ticket prices make it so worth it! Lets go.
hard to explain I'm just one of those who are into it
like a boss
Its weird that im up at 6 lol anyways good morning loves may god bless you all and have a good day :)
#amomentofsilence for Harry Potter crossing the $900 million dollar mark. Cheese and crackers!
Wealthy Woman Tip~ There is power in a Pre-launch! Create anticipation for your new product or service. Proven Method and it WORKS! Try It
well stop drooling lol ": I would have my boobs surgically reduced simply to never get toothpaste & spit on my shirt EVER agai
well I've always been a fan of movie trailers and sound editing but I would miss out on the traveling aspect business offers
Saw a license plate on the way home, "TEAMJCB". Lol
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
And that is why I have an android...oh wait, IT DOES THE SAME EXACT THING! ...ugh...phones!
If I weren't a research tool, I would be an apple farmer.
We run a food pantry in your old neighborhood at Harlem and Armitage. Can you help with a follow and a retweet? We need support!
I think the GOP should bring the national convention back to San Diego.
Guyz I'm havng a disease and the only thing that can cure me is by following me pwease save me ;)
Got your #TaxiMagic app yet? It's FREE! Just visit www.broadwaycab.com. You'll be glad you did!
Kobe shot selection <<<
mama needs some 'me time.'
I don't think I've heard SCOAP3 mentioned yet (interesting?) ... but data definitely looming large (themes, etc.)
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
My science teacher fucked up my perfect grades by giving me a C . DUMB AS !
NY was so much fun yesterday. Got to see my best friend and got so much shit. So cheap! xD
Heat wave coming to Chicago today. It will be a balmy 43 degrees. Great weather for February. Loving it!
Today was quite lovely.
less than an hour left...vote ROMAN NELSON for HOMECOMING KING before midnight!
thanks for the great info! i've been looking for a new health record keeping site ever since google health shut down!
Good Friday morning Tweets and Fbs!!
Didn't you hear? All your newly created lists appear as holograms! #notreally :)
#2 makes me think Premium, #1 is more fun but makes me think cheap.
where are you in the lib?
What does Social Media mean to you???
Collab album with vanila ice maybe
Good Old Harry is getting paid but is not doing any of the work...
U R welcome and Happy NY
. inspires me.
New Products at CinemaCon 2012 - Film Journal
I'm wondering how long it is going to take for "outrage" to become cliche.
haven't you said in the past that you shouldn't post all the same shit to every social network?
Is there a site that tells you what crimes are CURRENTLY happening in your hood? #ThingsToFindInAdvance!
It starts tomorrow morning with bacon, eggs, and a WOD at the Crossfit Box.
#10FactsAboutMe I'm always laughing
isn't that crazy!?
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
ARE YOU A JUICER OR THINKING ABOUT IT? Then read this…...
Saturday lunch with at Haveli. Yay Indian buffets!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "what happened to your dad?"
No its not. Jay is a business man. Jordan is just a player and a brand.
Yes sir
sent an email to 48hrfilm last week. We'd like to talk to you about the festival, and a ticket promotion.
modem should be stable now, let me know if any change please.
The little kid in Weeds is the voice of Nemo and his grandpa on his fathers is Marlin in finding nemo. I thought that was cool.
Should I do the no shave november?
rainy days and Sundays always get me down
RT : RT : Good lord, Favre rules.
I gets get my dick licked lol
thanks for the awesome, friendly customer service from Cherie in Dallas!
excuse me, miss?
LOL...he hit some shot that kept ya'll close...just wasn't enough..
3 hours till my birthday!!!!! =)
Finally, GWB does something noble and right. He tied himself around the neck of Romney. Wear it well, Mitt!
The dogs are all cat-friendly. Our cats will freak out tho, I'm sure. Ultimately, the foster mom brings the dog over and
Great point. No funds -> No facilities -> Hard sell to recruits.
yeah, thats a sexy b*tch!
How about a follow lovely ? xx
Day 2 at NY Sports Club! Hope its a good movie on while I work out.
Why Am I Not Surprised.? Better Question: Why Am I Wasting My Time Worrying About You.? You Dont Believe A Word I Say...
idk It was hurting but I kept stretching it and it was fine then I ran my 40 and I couldn't walk on my knee
Sticking to the g code fuck one of these stank hoes
u know it!
I believe this is his account but I don't think it's verified :)
What a beautiful day it is. It's a great day to get better!
Much thanks to and for meeting with me this morning& collaborating. Watch for great #smcmke events in 2011!
You guys thought I forgot about guys. Didnt you?! Well I didn't and never will. Good to c u on my TL!
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
Hey OMAHA Beer Loving friends! This deal is TODAY ONLY! Lucky Bucket Brewing new Wheat just $2.99 a SIX PACK Go there NOW:Hy-Vee-156th/Maple
Is he going to tell me to go around my house and turn off the lights?
I agree with Atlas on this. Arum doesn't want Pacquiao to fight Mayweather, or to take Olympic-type drug tests.
Bet some protestors will just go ahead and strip when protesting if they are going to be strip searched anyway
gonna be a fun mom
At least - I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
JJ..raise 3x bb, called by Q4 suited..flop 4 with two of suit, turn Q...out...really? On to the next one!
You going to the Jacob L. concert?
yeah me too
love that show.
It is too hot
Deep thinking and meditation can really take you somewhere else.
Happy #CincoDêDrinco everyone! Be safe, and don't drink and drive!
Today is May 4th and we live to serve another day!
“Images of Us: Africa and the Diaspora”: Documentary photographer Tafawa captures global Black experience
The most unselfish thing you can do is to live life in such a way that it has an influence even beyond your time on earth.
Yeah, she puts the love of Jesus in every scope, that's what the little white dots were.
#gospursgo have won 20 in a row at home and are only 2 wins away from matching last season's 50 wins. They still have room to get better.
Wow. This sucks. What the hell is even going on right now? I don't understand why this is happening to her.
DAILY POKER TIP: Variance is something that you need to deal with. In 180-person tournaments a 100 buy-in swing is not uncommon or unusual.
Lol Plz take a pic and send it to me if she got it on!
My pleasure!
thank you!!!!
Need to find me a valentine, is it u? Lol
Starbucks is my legal drug dealer!! M
i love you so much
I totally blew or chances at a sweep at trivia at buckleys. Lame.
I can cook all that,and much more! Thanks for the shoutout
Heading to 19 Below for some good old fashion Art Direction.
Checking the mail for my contract! SO excited to be sponsored by them.
And what exactly are you reading?
Thank you, thank you, thank you to all our awesome #THATCamp Games attendees! You made this unconference awesome.
Boo, at this time of year, when am I not on the phone? ;-P I would LOVE to see you at Commencement, I hope you'll be there!
Think voters favoring Keith Judd realized he was in prison? National media framing issue as if people knew they were voting for a felon.
Day two of ignoring him...
where have you been ;-)
when is it coming out
Compelling choices for AP Images to shoot individual #NFL player portrait sessions, stars w/ new teams & new uniforms.
#Motorola #GPS system up for #auction right now at www.dealshow.com, starting at just $60! Retails for over $120!
of the world beginning at 6:00 p.m. EST today, and how these individuals will react when they find themselves still here on earth.....
#interviewtip DGE: if you are not told what to wear for your interview, always OVER-dress. It looks wayy better than being under-dressed!
“: since I am now essentially homeless do u think u can help me decorate my new room. It has lavendar walls
Guitar Hero Joel Zumaya becomes yet another musician to have his career tragically cut short at the age of 27.
Chugging coffee like it's my job. Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow.
Trying To Figure Out How To Use Twitter
After two presentations today, I am celebrating tonight. One was ok, but the other was like BOOM! In a good way :)
"I'm winkin' atcha!" Love The Pretenders....
we will go neutral just as soon as you do. A real Christian doesn't Judge or Persecute.
Had such a great day and I'm just so happy. Love my friends, love my life, love my family. Tomorrow is Opening Night, so good bye to you! ;)
can't wait...
I hate running too my mom when I put myself in this position.....
Or said a prayer. It took me a while to swallow that pride after 17 years of being a "Christian."
SOMEONE GET ME A BEER
Counting down the days!
Going out w. My Girls , then Show iGuess #Saturday Plans(:
If you're high, we will fly! Now delivering 505-232-2432.
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
High point: Concerts of Bach I conducted on the Madeira Bach Festival (paradise Island off Africa) aired throughout Europe.
thank you!!!
"One man's disappointmentIs another man's livelihood."
I hate skipping 1st block because of the stupid tardy policy 
Misogynist is just what you call people who won't do what you say or give u what u want
why are yoga pants so amazing ?
New Mexico edges Long Beach St. - 1st down to 39
Me and Cody broke up
Let me ease your minnddd
all black? Like everythings black on them?
It's hard to tell. I'm too much of a tomboy to have an average female buyer POV. It might work for other women. Just not for me!
Hey y'all can u help get to 600?
LeBron is a non-factor in the playoffs... Why'd he even get XVI on his mouth piece?
Ha! Clever. :) RT : In session.. "cloud is like a chicken nugget. Tastes good, looks good, but you don't know what is in it"
she's a back seat driver all right.
Fucking RISPFAIL is going to haunt the Yankees today
Great weather for outdoor food, music and family fun. until 8 pm today!
Where are you anyways?
Read an article of "tools to help me track ROI of social media spend." All tools created artificial metrics w/ no ROI link.
lmao yes, i am magic(: haha Thank you!
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband
RT : #PellFuture-NAICU Sarah Flanagan: economic downturn only exacerbated this; this is not a new problem
Last night was a great camp. Now to figure out the next event, my effeminate lemmings. I'm thinking beer. You up for it ?
I love my job! Just finished facilitating a successful strategic action planning and assessment process with a regional organization.
#GIRLS on #hbo is pretty funny... good writing
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
which one do you like better twitter or Facebook ?
Is it me, or does this fish have a highly suggestive/euphemistic name: French grunt?
A-Rod with a bunt single. I'll take it
RT : M, crunch, crunch...stopped by for peanut butter choc toffee & got sea salt too! Yum...
Coming up on NBC6: defense points out what's missing in Nova professor murder trial. See you in 2 minutes
Man I am pumped to serve with this weekend! He has been an inspiration to my walk with the Lord for years.
every sport 'em - skewer Fisher, Bobby Cox, etc. sucks to lose, but there's a reason why coach is coach & fan is fan.
In Santa Monica. It's like homeless people heaven.
the swagger dont stop - lil wayne
black friday crazyy more and more every year sad
ur welcome and if yall need a doctor, holler at your boy! lol :P
Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable! :)
have become OBSESSED with mashups. taking recommendations for dance party on Friday.
what's the plan bro
sweet, my dad might not come to my high school graduation.
What's the best way to get King Kong to sit up and beg?Wave a two-ton banana in front of his nose.
"Once upon a time nobody gave a fuck. Its all said and done, my cock's been sucked."
RT if you LOVE with your WHOLE heart (:
Animal Farm is such a great book.
Bumping tew the motto :)
Agreeing with people so they shut up.
Very Cool! We'd love to hear some of them. Does he have any photos of the Needle's construction?
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
I don't think i ever wear a shirt when its summer.
Greatness never sleeps
Thanks to all the chefs today...You were all fabulous!
is in scranton
ah. perhaps i misunderstood. sorry for the mis-information!
I will never get why "models" who don't have a good port demand to get paid, and refuse to pay photogs...u pay nothing and get the same back
Siri just told me to look it up my fucking self.
Don't worry, as his wife I know that is the worst speller ever. He's a #twitterthug lol. Go Bucks!
Piff the white, itch yo' neck & beat your wife. That's the life.
I'm glad made a smart decisions in life! We love you and thank you for living icon!(:
If no one respects you then what do you have ?
The nation's capital is bored of Stewart and Colbert. Bring ur tour here now! Please.
Mother nature playing with us lol
PLEASE! :D
I like President George W. Bush a LOT better now that he is out of office. He's kinda like an old man Cap. America lately
I should be home by now. I'm only in Shadyside.
The Pastrami has been curing for ten days, and it's out of the smoker just in time for Pastrami Wednesday - Don't miss it.
hey stud
Hi everyone! anyone getting married, I have some offers for those lucky brides getting ready for the big day
GO FOLLOW her mom passed away this morning and it would mean so much to her if you followed.
Bedtime twitter friends, busy day tomorrow, the off to vegas friday for work & play #yeow#thatscherry#
Thanks ! - let us know how we can serve you?
hey,ugly,call me)))
Just gave my bby her stuff for her bday:) $35 gone to a good cause cuz its for her
LETS GO RACIN BOYS!!!! :)
Thanks for another fun day on the set!
Hi Michael Looking forward to having you as our guest on #youacting May 23rd
Southern Comfort the Musical won best off off Broadway show!!!
cooling i miss you
Chatting with folks about adopt-a-community and Footprints (foursquare for real estate) in front of Starbucks in lobby at
we need to go to a show together.
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
happy Friday my friend.
Thank you to all of our seniors: Belosi, Fensom, Horschig, Justvig, Keel, Moellenbeck, Mueller, Smith, and Zimmer. You all Helped...
The judges on American Idol obviously need some hearing aids.
Thanks for all the new LIKES everyone -- brings a big, happy smile to my face!
Soccer: Prem: Spurs lose, Toon capitalise, Blues held Tottenham's push for a Champions League place next season is on the ropes after th
I hate when ppl think their "cool" it drives me crazy!!! c(:
RT Wow old school at noon is killin it
Andrew Bynum's starting to look like a crackhead. What's wrong with him? Smh
What name do u like better Kate or Tori? For my future doggy
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
Thanks for brilliantly moderating today's Reality Ends Here/Just Press Play panel
“: #Christinas face is thick.... Has she gained weight or preggo? #thevoice” we were just saying the same thing. Maybe preggo?
Got a sneak peak of our new theater at Lincoln Center on the roof of the Beaumont today, LCT3. It's going to be beautiful!
well I'm gettin the niacin for free cuz my homeboys got it, but the shit I'm gettin is bout $25.
Chicago and Phoenix going to OT. Go figure.
Someone drive me to ny Friday after bamboozle?
no problem!! hahahaha
That awkward moment when disses Selena Gomez and her music... hahahaha :P
Does anyone have the book Metro-Letters: A Typeface for the Twin Cities? I would love to borrow it :)
Just got the brand new cover for the NEXT Release!!! Which song will it be?... 50 Likes and I'll upload. GO.
Social marketing eliminates the middlemen, providing brands the unique opportunity to have a direct relationship with their customers.-Bryan
Enjoy you day, going to be 75 in D.C. today;-)": Excited to be in #DC to perform during The Centennial Cherry Blossom Parade!"
Nothing in the works. Seeming like a quiet summer for shows.
YES!!!! TNT they AMAZING?!?
lmao that shit sticks in ya head!
the family fuck the family I let the family n my house nd they fucked my friends!!! Lmmfao 😜😜
Lol too much work !
1 Timothy 6:7 For we have brought nothing into the world, so we cannot take anything out of it either.
Josh Miller, "I wish I would have worn my Made in America Jacket. I didn't realize it would be this cold" // Welcome to Chicago!
watching here in Los Angeles!!
Can't wait! MT : Come visit me 11-2 TODAY for a Ritrovo Acetoria Vinegar tasting! Fig & Cherry vinegar soda…
#newarrivals premium denim day for women and men in the store! Today is a great day to get a new pair of jeans !
I only have like 3 pairs of pants. Hahaha
hey brian!! its my friends birthday today, you should tweet her! her twitter is <3
Ambisextrous: Having the ability to masturbate successfully with both hands.
RT : RT : Incredible to think...less than a year in, teams have raised over $5.5M...
no school :) doing #nothing all day
pretty much anything i can this girl i have strong feelings for is from colombia she is going back there soon will miss her
~ THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
Yea last year I got a 2nd hand high by walking outside lol!!! Nope Im not goin tho RT : really? Are you going lol?
Going to Sea World! Pics tomorrow.
Staring at someone intensely until they get ur text
Could someone in room at #kodm check audio levels or move mic closer?
Thats good..Are you from NJ/ NY?
#CAWFEETALK anyone getting up this early anymore ???
Ugh you're telling me! RT #Cancer's often have a lot of stress in their life.
There's something about a Bass Lily and Blair couldn't say no to.. I mean just ;)
No prob, keep asking tough questions. Go heels.
i don't even know. My sister never said anything #wasn'tinvited
What looks like an overgrown scallion, tastes delicious and can help your bones stay strong? The lovely leek!
Hello Amaye, I heard you today via You Tube and think your talent is quite special. Get in touch would love to talk further.
post your highlight tape and photos for free get more exposure for free today
Looking for a wedding planner? DM me :•]
“I hate it when someone changes just because they've met someone new.”
Did I drive you away? I know what you'll say, you'll say someone you know. But I promise you this, I'll always look out for you.
hi there :D
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
Pazzo Bakery has great service! They opened a few min early for me, and the pastries I got look delicious!
Missed the "space" between my handle and the start of the tweet.
LOTS OF THINGS taste better with added sugar and carbonation. Except Mountain Dew.
Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came" in the office like half the staff has been doing all week
That's outstanding! If I can help someone start a conversation with a 13yr old, I'm definitely hitting my target. Thanks.
who u talking about? certainly not the celebs
PATRICIA GUTIERREZ left a bio 23 file in a classrom in Meister. Please pick it up from the office of student government Meister room 209.
Some days social media makes me want to be decidedly less social.
Happy Halloween Twitter Friends! Boo!
RT : I wish my anxiety would stop getting the best of me.
It's sad how surprised I am when a man is polite on the train platform.
i feel like im interupting something. lol
That moment you figure out your schedule and RateMyProfessor informs you that your teachers are dicks.Deal with itorchange the whole thing?
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
Forbes says Diddy is worth $110 million more than Jay Z now. Looks like someone is about to get kicked out of the Illuminati.
US jobs are always first priority, but the respect, loyalty, and quality of work that comes out of the Philipines is untouchable
I been following you bro... Much love and respect!
we've also seen great engagement on quick stat posts
Hm...I wonder what you'd look like tied up o.O
cap full of bleach
RT if you miss the single Justin, but are happy with the Justin we have now. :)
Thanks for coming out to the September Dislocations, a part of the Acts of Enclosure series. New event in November. Stay tuned.
It's not about where you've been- it's about where you're going. Keep your focus straight ahead.;)
I might've been single for the whole year but I still had to deal with dating drama. My friends really need to deal with their own shit -__-
I'm not really a tranny honey...
Realizing all the homework you have after it's to late to do it....
Time for the Navy SEALS RT Whoever made the joke " is so old, Mark Twain wrote his Obituary"... I will find you.
Hey , what color are your crocs? Same as Pips? :)
Focus. Focus. Focus.
Show on Friday at South Minster!
Not at all.... phone got taken away:/
Trying out Threadsy. Interesting.
It's pouring and you're still walking as slow as ever.
Happy I was up watchin #HardCorePawn last night..almost didn't get the phone, glad I did bc I #BeenInLove wit him&we needed tA talk!!!
Yoga and tech explosion are intrinsically linked through creativity
Tracking for a promoter...requested censored pop music..answer? HUH?..impossible!!
No need to call names and issue death threats!!!
he'll be good! rt Beverly I think it is awesome. Wondered if that was the case as he has kinda dropped off the grid
#27 jason from both(:
Being home alone and being able to scream out 'bitch' in a high pitch voice 😂👌
You too sir!
: OH. LOL east coast?
well he was high when I told him I had twitter so I'm just gunna be like "I never said that, I don't have one" & I blocked him
The WCM Samba Unit will perform before the 7pm Milwaukee Admirals game this Sat. night! Discounted tickets are available for WCM students
-- Thanks for the RT guys! Looking forward to finding some great talent in the #Madison area.
Kellin Quinn could make beautiful babies with me but no he chose to make babies with a horse
Thanks for the article! Google Music was able to upload 25 GB in about 3 days for me, setting my expectation (unfairly?) for me.
Just did stand up at lions lair, got heckled and then berated by one of the comics for making fun of the other comics.
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
You're welcome!
I've got the gift of one liners, and you've got the curse of curves.
Attention all fans! Forward is on live right now with talking hockey
Choking the chicken
Informational videos have now been posted for all of your abroad destinations, check them out!
“: 8 hours of sleep never felt so good. Sometimes you don't realize how tired you are until you've rested.” Amen, brother!
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
Check your email....Thanks!!
Oh my fucking god. Get the fuck out of my god damn way.
Need to bring Woodson back
If u don't need a grinder then that ain't sticky
Hi, since you been getting a lot of novel pitches. Here's a curve. My wife's gem is The Seasoned Personality. Address? Pls.Help!
Yes. Thank you. RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
That's not talking trash, that's just being Simon.
For Mother's day give the gift that keeps on giving; #RecallWalker !!!
On set in the woods tonight ... horror film teaser scene for ECHOES...
Sad Story, NASCAR on Fox host Chris Myers' 19-yr.-old son died in a car ax.
little Ronnie deserves some kudos. Enjoyed it. “: Agreed! Opie done good!”
thanks! Today's been a lil rough for me. But am gonna pull thru. :)
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
Until next season , I bid thee farewell as visions of wigs, heels, and make-up will dance in my head.
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
So my #napchat turned into #bedhcat - went down for a nap around 7 pm and I just woke up!
In my dream job, I will have a computer that doesn't lag 30 seconds behind every keystroke. Or take 12 seconds to PRINT things. Gawd.
Thanks for guest lecturing in #JMS585!
I don't discuss my political views with twitter because too many people base their arguments on feeling rather than fact
Gerald you going to A2 this weekend for the golf action??
Who's hitting the after Christmas sales?
that's great :)
Come on Ravens..bring the victory to Baltimore
sleeping with sirens radio station usually works for me to sleep to
is there an expected release date for the stay video?
Can people even see my posts??
x) RT : I'm so weak with the name you called her ha
soooky soooky love the dress! Can't wait to see more wedding pics!
Hoop scoop has amile Jefferson ranked #2 overall in the nation. LULZ
Off for The day wow !!! Valley fair & mall of America today k pce
is heading to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square to read the Bruschetta finalists to its first audience! You should check it out! 4PM!
I know a expert who's looking for a full-time gig. DM me if you have a lead, please.
i don`t remember paying for things
Rise and shine! What's the latest in fashion this spring?
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
there's always going to someone there for you when you need that somebody to tell you it'll be okay.
WH meeting was about “moving backward in a way that increases [joblessness],increases the deficit and higher taxes for the middle class”
Fuck you, can I have this dance?
So Barack thinks he's gonna beat me at 'Words with Friends' too?
I want/need a Bob Marley poster.
I think he was talking more level of play causing it to go long than he was complaining.
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
what did I tell you about flirting with this kid?
Agreed. Very, very agreed!
I was surprised that the orchestra continued to play while Morgan Freeman spoke too...it IS too loud.
What happens now? Do we animorph?
awww, thanks :) glad nwtekno can be useful
your like my favorite movie, I play it then rewind it cause baby your the finest yea you love im going to find it. <3
I'll tell you what... Blonde only drinks masque treatments. Add it up as you see fit.
whatever that was doughty, nice.
Exactly. RT sigh. "what is authenticity?"
Wow, I love the new photo! : )
8-5 lost. no don't worry penguins Pittsburgh likes to lose. We dont like winning. Go ahead and lose every playoff game since your at it.
came through clutch sir
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
Nothing can improve #centralstation like the newest #MelanieC remix video!!!!
LA is my fav place on the world!
hahaha... my actual name is so short that I can't register it as a Gmail account. p.s. thx for not hatin'
Twitter spam <<<
#writing update: #DarklyBound still in need of revision. Haven't done much writing lately except for non-writing website endeavors.
Can't wait to try it
#zazzle #shirts - Ladies Baby Doll (Fitted) - Setting Sun Shirt from Zazzle - tinyurl.com/6betudx
i seriously love you too (:
how is it going?
Nothing like a Stella to wash down my corn pops
lol. have you been buying baby powder on amazon?
Im going to email you some info
Hey , glad to hear you've heard good things! Talk to about doing stand-up! :-)
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
I feel amish still having a Blackerry. I guess I'll just have to text (woops, I mean sext) with a bonnet on.
that's intense dude
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
Django Django, without a doubt. Their debut album is the best thing I've heard in months.
Sometimes I feel like a dancer in a ballet show for the blind. Probably best for them; I look pretty horrific in a leotard
So What Have You Been Up To ?
I'm watching a recording of on extreme makeover home edition wearing my #defeatthelabel shirt. This show is touching :)
Pretty soon college is just going through the motions.
What would our family and friends in heaven say to us all on 9-11? Maybe, appreciate life and don't sweat the small stuff.
yup btw did you see the Avengers yet? :)
Thank you god! My dad got a job!!!! CELEBRATION!!!!!!!!!
Thx for stopping in! RT : browsing thru their stellar 3D menu with their provided 3D glasses. Out of this world!
Always happy to tweet great content. Keep 'em coming!
Orthodontist appointment. Shoot me now.
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
but rather... "Soft and GREEN"...
where u from
Like really
What happened after triple H beat ?! U R Fired Now ☹
SO GLAD YOU GOT HIM!!!
Board reviewing decision to accept resignation of MBU's charter sponsoring authority.
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
Live your life as an exclamation for God!
great to see you last night , welcome to seattle!
Very nice avatar! will surely approve! RT : Have you seen my new profile pic?
Ahh officially spending the fourth of July weekend in the lovely state of New Jersey :)
you stealing my fallowers. hop of.
Today in history Jelly Roll Morton, one of America's first jazz musicians passed away in 1941 after a 40+ year career
look as this gay ass fool
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
I've been neglecting this twitter account. Too busy with new job and preparing for new baby.
good morning wow that's cool Ty
Summer is almost here! Who else is stoked to get in summer attire? Rockin demi Shorts, Cowboy Boots and a tiny T ;) Let the summer begin!
thanks “ NEVER. RT : when will my 11:11 wishes come true?.”
Questioning many of my "close" friendships today, might end the night with a few less than what I started with.#butreally #isthatdramatic?
I had a dream about a time machine and my stuff animal collection. It was awesome!
i'm fine thanks you?
yeah I read that one. It's an interesting strategy. I may join the select program soon myself
Watching longest yard!(:
I Can't Make you Love me If im Not the man u want tell me Let me move On
I know! Tis why I agreed so much.
Gathering my life back together: located my credit card, getting my IPhone back, and someone found my sunglasses
SCHOOL??? AW MAN! I DONT WANA GO!
I pre-ordered "The Art Of Todd McFarlane" on Amazon in November, 2010. It's been pushed back yet again until July 2012... Yikes.
1st day vegan. I like almond milk, just wish I could see the little fingers that milk all those almonds!!
who fell down the hill
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
Corollary: How low should taxes be? Low enough that they're not worth evading.
like 2 days ago
Does anyone else find it really odd that the dude was hiding in a freakin' mansion? Completely ruins the perception that he was a hard ass.
California fire starter caught !!! I'm glad my car wasn't there!
6:39 and I'm haven't eaten yet
Wat yo silly ass up to
I had a dream last night that I opened a "tattoo savings account" and thousands of dollars were magically deposited.
bring back David please!
Hey ! Killer
Bingo. Our WR is a nerdy misfit, but our CB is a suave ladies man
I've been craving opera lately. Maybe next summer I'll make it to Santa Fe
Rachel Donahue recommending use of Four Square for libraries - wants an archives badge.
RT : NWS labels the tornado watch in place in Indiana as a "particularly dangerous situation"
lol my bad for coming off rude but iknow who you are
Fuck this idk why I even bother!! I'm not texting anyone anymore!!
Big east champs
Certainly not certain.
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
What a great day for baseball, so as Ernie Banks would say: Let's play two. Come on Twins!
#18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream. Reflecting in my child welfare days.
So glad you enjoyed! Try anything new this time? RT : So much fun with my loves at Happy Saturday! xo
Great to see you guys working together. That's how we should all operate. Nice job.
Omg at la luna negra n it is packed, but fun
:D <--- Really what my face looks like right now!
ePUBs are the best!
We are Redefining 'ROOFING' Through RENOVATION, RETROFITTING, MAINTENANCE & ENERGY-EFFICIENT SOLUTIONS!
CUTEST CATS contest going on right now on our website! www.yeldahgoods.com ....check out the contest, and vote!!! It's a lot of fun!!!
I'm coming for you.
hey tweets
Slowly -- finally -- 76ers learning how to win in the clutch
Don't make me feel bad about every decision I make. I did this for the both of us, not for myself.
What? You got your mom flowers? Bitch, I got my mom a fucking tree.
HEY!! Don't be mean! Hahahhaha.RT : Fuck you then t-.-
Scarf --> scarves. By that logic it should be smurf --> smurves. #smurfs #logic #besmurfinglogicalaboutthis - Sarah K.
G'night :D
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
loved the show!!! you are so beautiful and ice is so handsome!! cant wait to see next weeks show!!!
will try. Thx.
Be sure to wear the spoils of your victory when you're there.
Anyone else been told they were a bigger embarrassment to the Buffalo Bills than OJ Simpson and Timothy McVeigh? Didn't think so...
come and get it from us.
Lil nig was talkin noise. . .so I had to shut him up
Just 36 hours from embarking on an adventure to #Vegas, I suggest you follow
Starbucks killer lady sounds like a keeper.....
Final day of DOTD ATL! Swing by the table & grab a DVD/shirt combo for only $20!
