right I hate bitch ass niggas....
Glee officially sets record for topical teen trends in 1 epi- cyber bullying, gay bashing, AND texting while driving, oh my!
Martin Lawrence Is Getting Divorced For fifteen years, comedian Martin Lawrence and his girlfriend Shamicka Gibbs lived in blissful cohab
hahahaha i took that in the wrong way but yeah!
live tweeting Yanks v Mets..for starters, the bonehead Mets fans finally noticed they have a Shake Shack - the sole reason to be a Mets fan.
That was the holding cell for the moment but I got sidetracked,
must have faith my friend.
#sachat Re: social networking. Is it time we rethink how we talk about professional vs. personal lives?
I am still on XP and I didn't have to do anything.
"It graves me that you have less honor than a back-alley whore." You give him that sass Sir Rodrick!
I thought it might be! I could help you steal the Reel'm Inn's recipe for Chicken 'n Jo-Jos.
thanks for the shout out, Amul! :). Happy Friday!
We love musicians.
Looking at pictures of my family in Chicago... I miss them so much :-(
now following
We should evaluate ourselves and realize our own inequalities sometimes...
Thanks for following us, Jennifer!
Hello new followers! I hope everyone had a good weekend, and it was restful and producive.
Amazing night at the Harvest Festival!
Lovin' me some Deadmau5 right now.
Si - viva Mexico! My hubby Carlos is thrilled RT Casa Guadalajara in Old Town just erupted in screams- wow, must be the World Cup
If all goes well we'll take Jurassic Park over tomorrow & replace Hurricane Donuts2 PDX
Been up since 7am...finally getting in the bed at 3am...g'nite folks
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 21
Getting back in the game. Almost row time.
Oh HAI Seattle :)
Cool stopped by the office (about 3 hrs ago). No lulz with were had.
Dam it this screening was fucken worth it and the wait to.
Ryan Longwell's FG% wen't from 94 in 2010 to 78 in 2011. Seems like a smart move by the Vikings.
Getting ready for two story slip n slide of doom.
Smashing some buffalo wings loving life
"i am scared of this darkness! i surrender!"
I just wanna go away for a week and forget everyone and everything and see if i'm better off without some people.
SB 576, charter school accountability and expansion, passes Senate Fiscal Oversight 3-0. It is now able to be finally passed by Senate.
you're on drugs<3
"I wake up to reality now, but tomorrow I could wake up to my dreams becoming reality." - Willow Duplechain <3
My head hurts.
you a ratchet ass hoe, get to work
If you hear sirens coming from San Onofre Nuclear Power Plant don't be alarmed. It's just a drill. We're live in San Diego's North County.
My dad is so rude and mean to me. I swear he hates me. :')
"The government turmoil is no surprise. Greeks have always considered politics their national sport." – my Grecian mother-in-law.
excessive posting gets an unfollow.
Wow! This is a long line outside Lucha Libre! Is it worth it, folks? What should I order?
yay!! signs on for 2 more years of ! I couldn't image the show without him!!
today is the first day in 2 1/2 years where i could legit miss
wait, he's announcing the winning country today?!
That Billy Blanks name is a brand for real. Even I remember that craze.
TONIGHT 6 & 6:30p UVa's Dance Program performs on the Terrace for Final Fridays!
Tim McMahon Why not go out on a limb? Isn't that where the fruit is?
Awesome! Welcome
I almost wish I didn't have Sunday Ticket. That way I wouldn't have to pull out my hair watching some of my players!!!
Suit the action to the word, the word to the action. William Shakespeare
yes we do ^__^
kk see you soon
Get off train in DC. Instantly feel underdressed. Chamber of Commerce anti-financial reg ads blanket Metro. My hometown is a strange one.
Does she have anything on kickstarter or indiegogo? Possibly someplace where donations can be sent? Put it out there if so.
If you care about keeping the valuables safe on your truck, RV or boat, you really need to learn more about this company:
i am literally halfway between TWO Pret A Mangers. and i can't decide which way i want to walk.
Going to sleep with a smile on my face [:
Thanks for all the #FF love today. Appreciated as always.
Congrats to all my fellow graduates today! #hatsoff #Classof2012 🎉👏🎓🍻
I say this every year but any sport that allows someone to be taken off in a stretcher and immediately get off and ruin back in is dumb
37% through The Hunger Games by Collins, Suzanne on Kindle for Android!
I use 2 hit da kitchen lights cockroachs err where
To waken interest and kindle enthusiasm is the sure way to teach easily and successfully. -Tryon Edwards
Check your inbox for our Blastoff 2 Cabo Email!
#canoeproject Can do with a canoe. watch out for croc-i-gators
Thanks for the RT! =D
don't you think this deserves a good pint to talk it over?
word...guess you gotta look super fly huh...esp with summer term coming up!
#ThingsIReallyCantStand you not talking to me. :/
Tim Tebow has a better career starting record than John Beck... Pathetic!!!
it does so qualify for Random Act... in fact, you can count giving her your freedom too.
Instead of asking themselves" 2 love or not 2 love" ppl should ask themselves wether or not they want 2 get screwed over or not :)
Blake Griffin has been diagnosed with a Hyperextended Left Knee, but is expected to play Friday in Game 6 vs Memphis.
I feel offended lolz
plotting my next holiday cookie - just got a buttload of jam so i'm thinking something sandwhichy...
can I be a ball boy?
i need to see my sister friday !
I'd rather be friends with benefits !
is that his name? he's amazing at being terrible, yes.
Not even 6.6 seconds is quick enough in NYC.
If you've trainwrecked two songs in a mix, you've trainwrecked them all
Yeah after throwing up 1 of his wing and a prayer shots.“: Rajon Rondo pulled a Randy Moss, took a play off.
Love is like a butterfly; hold it too tight and you'll crush it; too loose & it flies away.
I thought he was gonna say something like that he got signed...
Oh yea Miami lets make them are bitches tonight
Thanks for the follow bro :)
In DC with Bourdain's "The Layover" on while I unpack. Really, producers? British accents need to be subtitled for the colonists?
. And it is because of the monies expended that administration is reluctant to let anyone opt out of it.
My Girl Friend Is In Love With You. I Can See Y.755MadAve 65-66St.646.5452895
The disconnect between ideals and reality are so large in the app world
Only if you continue doing Fantasy football for at least another 25 years! LOL!
Why do you even bother with junk like this, HuffPo?? RT Should Kim Kardashian give her engagement ring back
Oh my god I like her.
The Turtle is so excited to have you! Do we have any other teammates on twitter??
without belittling and ridicule, there would be no iPad
Pony Lion. Lol.
Let the weekend begin!!!!!
Agree..New apps are cool “: probably everyone under 30 RT : Does anyone even want this feature?
RT : Thanks for asking! Still finishing post. Mostly just color and tiltles to do. Score is done and sound...
Lil boosie free....what's good!!!
juggling three facebook convos, 5 aim convos, and trying to do homework is not a good mix. xD
Heads up the is now on Twitter Guess they will be going after all those fake Barack Obama accounts.
sure. but the word annoying is pretty harsh. oh well. can't plz everyone. :)
Kevin Durant is definitely bringing back the #backpack phenomenon! Thought it was gone long time ago..#trends come & go
ha ha that's funny. Who is the 2012 National Champions??
Asshole kids cutting me in line at chipotle...
hopefully Evans wins.
Thanks for following! Can't wait to visit again!
I don't have your number…awkward.
what? my phone is charging :c
I dunno man. Taylor Swift was pretty terrible a few years back. I didn't see Lindsay Lohan last night though.
Jeff, Ian, and I (Jack) met while in college in Orlando last year. Alex is an old friend of Ian's and we met recently :)
Today's Chewie achievement: stealing my glasses so I cannot see for work. Way to go my little hellion! :-)
Tami is hilarious
we all know who loves cameras lol .. damn
bahaha be nice! They're pretty
Urk. >_< And how many did you *send* in the past half year?
8-2-80 the most famous and successful Superdome show took place 31 years ago as JYD gained revenge on Freebirds.
I'm glad you enjoy. Thanks for the support!
next year :-)
DM me your contact info
Happy Resurrection Day!!!
Thanks for the RT. I'm in serious freak-out mode!
yea i pretty much have no reason to NOT want to see him shirtless!
Just finishing up day #9,583 of never seeing a black guy on the discovery channel
I'll be the one holding up the sign ...got bliksem?
and fall into my arms instead <3
RT Is there an OA option along the lines of Bioscience or ? I'm thinking , but others? cc
Life is what you make it
Many musical thanks for following to , , Keep that music coming!
#Money might not change u, but i def change the ppl around u
yeessss reunion much needed! I'm having desert and house music withdrawals
who wants more subs on youtube? hit me up in my mentions !
Ba-ZING! RT : Couldn't get a tic for me too? Well, two out of three ain't bad. :)
did you sleep good ?? i hope so , because i didn't !
Keshawn mad because he lied n now he aint gettin nothing from his girl
Santorum: the most important issue of the day is not unemployment, it's government intervention.
RT : Just spoke w/the super cool Steve Lemme about Good luck on tour & ill try to make to Tampa
Hey ! We love your style!
Thank God It's Friday
I had a suit jacket and I was dreaming of a cozy sweatshirt the whole day. (That isn't very librariany of me is it?)
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Best Vibrator Engraving Ever: Thank you for coming! RT via
Heard that one before! LOL
sometimes I get beat up too :) #s4pm but it works. Upgraded to a bigger baseball bat :)
Thanks for connecting! Could I send you a play? Best, Matthew, plays published at Indie Theater Now
dm'ing you right now
Day 6 of Scooter Cannonball. So far 5 crashes, 1 cane, 5 scoots dropped out. But don't despair Pie Town, NM is on the horizon...
Raging at the other drivers provides a nice adrenaline rush to help ease into the day.
"Thank God4Church pews&all the faces that wont4get u&when u’re lost in this crazy world u got somewhere2go&get found Thank God4hometowns"
going 40 in a school zone and not having on my seatbelt :(
What's good?
No LA vs Denver, that's why the Bulls/Philly game is on the NBA channel
Dear Flash Player: Die. Go away right now. -ME
you take that back! haha! I love Emily! :)
Time to get my day started : )
Hi Ayesha, thanks so much for your kind words!
RT : Dont just be a broadcaster on Twitter - be sure to share good links and/or ask questions to engage.
I think i just felt an earthquake.
thoughts in tannehill?
just grow up lol it's like arguing with a two year old, worry about graduating and not a dress that doesn't look like you
Hater: "Cody is a fag." Me: "Cody has more than 3 million girls wanting him. How many do you have wanting you? None. Have a nice day."
One Act Naturally agreement signed, sealed and delivered. Get your hand downs ready to go from 6 to midnight. Big news around the bend.
Mornin' :) how is your day going so far?
(Milwaukee) Roll over 794 @ Carferry off ramp, vehicle on roof
Nothing improves the comfort and energy efficiency of a kitchen more than plenty of insulation in the exterior walls.
Trying to do my best Jessica Niederberger impersonation lol RT : why are you at work on a sunday??
Just listened to 1st single. had a good laugh. Dude your awful, stop doing what your're doing.
Finally home early for once. Yay can finally watch a game tonight!
So beat
I almost got into a car accident laughing so hard. You know I'm a WWE fan for life. LMAO
GLOW-RY Night was awesome last night!! So many new souls came to Christ! =)
Hahaha rotten scoundrels we were! #karma has been a bitch lmao! RT : Spitting in kids instruments
The list of people working in my house is too long to tweet completely!
Goodnight Ian! Sweet dreams. Tomorrow is a new day.
Here's a follow for you, brother. We definitely needed to get you off that number before tomorrow! Go Big Blue!
Oo La La! Enjoy your goody bag !
Hey friends, Single Chef will be Live & All new Monday July 5th 6pm watch live stream at www.TheRoomLive.com Best! Matt
it says "User Does not Exist".......sup?
The librarian next to me smells like hospital food and Bengay. Why do so many of these ppl seem 2 steps from Death's cold embrace?
I just wanna go home and lay down with my love
cute dog... Thinking bout getting one lol
Morning Rockstars! > People who have nothing to say are never at a loss in talking. - Josh Bilings
"Sarah's yarn store, profiled further in Chapter 11" had a big laugh on this. Your book shouldn't had a chapter 11 :D
Be very careful ann
lol im already goin with someone or i would
You're killing your father Larry!
Listening with your entire body is a special present moment awareness practice. We learn so much when we truly listen
"Blah Blah Blah" looks like a good read - I'll check it out - thanks for the rec
He who looks for nothing, finds nothing.
man i look like shit!
I miss that one
And I don't care what anyone says, Jack has nothing on Brautigan. I hope this works out.
excited to hear your good news !
Who wants a dream that's near-fetched?- Howard Schultz (Starbucks)
what is DFI? A low fee counseling clinic in Denver and an AAMFT accredited therapy training institute. www.denverfamiyinstitute.org
I forgot how to lose and I don't have no intentions on trying to remember it!
A big thanks to for helping me move my gun safe upstairs. Next time we will use a hand truck though. Haha.
Thanks Greg for your Re-Tweet!
or vodka. JK
follow me on instagram natalieeeerose_ i follow back :)
Met a group of 12 actors, praying we keep in touch!! Thank u 4 ur belief in us, and ur prayers! Our goal is 2 entertain!n makeuall proud
I'd like to be everythaaang you want.
eat everything and anything I see. If I'm gonna die might as well die fat and happy.
Gulfport FL: T and Me Tea savory Tiffany tart, banana caramel crunch fruit hand roll and green sakura cherry tea.
this has been a lovely conversation -- one of the best I've had on Twitter. I hope we can resume it soon, but I have ...
so what happens if its a crappy ass party
Is Energy Efficiency still a priority to Home Buyers?
Happy Birthday Shaunie :-)
don't you think there *should* be a way to have both? And if not, shouldn't they have dealt with it better?
so happy
Just read the #Sandusky indictment and I'm now 1) thoroughly sick to my stomach, and 2) shocked it took PSU even 5 days to clean house.
I'll say it then... The story comes to an end this wknd. It's been fun to watch, & VERY happy they beat the Steelers.
I now have my headshot prints, now I have to wait for the reproductions to arrive.
Unfortunately, I did not get into the live show tonight. I was number 21 and they let in 17. BUT I made some great friends. #silverlinin ...
College kids, grandparents/grandkids, senior centers, community groups - all great partners
Michael Jordan lived in Chicago... D Rose was born in Chicago... D Rose Doesn't know who his father... ... dun dun dun
Good night :)
You're hotter when you're silent.
The best US DoD inventions have huge impacts in the commercial space (e.g. The Internet & GPS). UAVs are next in the post-Shuttle era.
So obsessed with these Capri Blue candles. Makes me feel like I'm walking into every time I get home.
RT : coffee ice cream in my coffee this AM. Delicious & not too sweet. Other option was fat-free half&half. An accidental buy.
Free BBQ, beer, and karaoke. Yes, please.
dirk daggers perfected.... dirk now up to 9
Practical Magic? Because that's my Sandra, I shouldn't be watching this, movie.
Nice job by Lincoln tonight. Rotation still not missing a beat
break out that concealer!
Why am I still awakw-_________-
Sunday night = feasts
That isn't crazy, it's stupid, but not crazy.
True. A spoiler can be a necessary agitator in an unfair closed system, but it's the hired ones I mock...
Yo Mama So stupid She went to an orthodontist for a blue tooth
@ sunset grille in St.Augustine yummy
Seriously, vajazzling? Who starts these trends?!?!
Shut down my Facebook, now I can pay attention to my Twitter, happy Tweeting Y'all.
funny how paul hasn't gone down to the quizno's to actually pick up a sandwich, but has eaten two...
I don't feel like I'm doing shit, but supposedly it's the best exercise in the morning
crying because won't follow me ;(
Are there any librarians from the British Library here?
You're gorgeous. You like him. He likes you. Why can't that be me?
Using the #cross as a symbol for #Christ is like using a sniper rifle as a symbol for JFK. Let's admit that the cross is a symbol of
Sigh. See this week sucks. I can't even get full credit anymore when reading your mind.
Smh Gotta Do Whatever It Takes...-
Haha. Man, that stuff was delicious. I don't think pregaming is necessary considering Im about to eat the first meal of my day.
okay, the next person to ask me where in California they should move to is going to make me shoot myself in the face....
it all depends on what city u live in...mines is in Detroit so it'll be at the Fox
Deterring would-be criminals is one of the most effective forms of crime prevention.
Jeff Lucas, BNQP, will be special guest on Performance Excellence USA Radio Show on Sept 5 on 770KKOB 7pm (MST).
They COULD, but we don't want to kill the cash cow. They'll all pay in the end. 9/1 is great for students.
requesting to have JDATE as a portfolio client
A 2010 French study found that eating vegetables improved the condition of the retina in people with age-related macular degeneration.
We're always up for beer and good company! :) Are you in/going to be in Chicago soon?
The super bowl village downtown was really cool! You should go :)
soo......im finally getting mistletoe...im late...probably the last person on earth to get it..but thats ok :)
seems like u had fun!! Glad you met them again:)
oh damn it .. gotta learn some vocabulary -.-
Thanks to everyone who came out to #GreenDrinks #GSO last night! Loved seeing everyone "socializing for sustainability". See you next month!
Was gettin extra brains at school today
cheating? No, practicing....
This is what I was telling you about:
Bout to go hit some golf balls wit
Can I see your Tuts? Ha dance joke! have shirts that say that!
Anybody looking forward to the start of the #NBA season?? I'd be more inclined to watch if they'd get a team back in Seattle!
I can't believe they don't have size 00 in slacks. -_-
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!
Yessir! and I are coming together :D
alright then dm me your number and ill tell you the photography info
#YouKnowItsRealWhen they know about all the skeletons in your closet, and they still love you.
British soldiers and Canadian militia are fighting the Continentals under Livingston and Brown from on top of the guard walls around Quebec.
So I'm at the drive thru at Mickey Ds enuf said! Damn what is wrong with me
What if someone came to you ten years later and used what they had on you as blackmail to show your children.. that would be so PETTY! LOL
I think so many people say that they are entrepreneurs-I feel that many of them do not know the definition!
"Do you want me to melt your cheese on your meat?" #ShitDebSays no lie this happened to the person in front of me.
The Expendables 2: Five Things We Learned From the Explosive New Trailer
haha good! I won't be alone!
Never trust a food trailer that does multiple cuisines. They are compensating.
Go green at home by switching to cloth instead of paper for table napkins, kitchen dusters and cleaning wipes.
Steve Blake... Really??? Can't buy that shit
Learn the Top Ten Ways to Survive and Thrive in a Recession with Darren Osborne’s session in Practice Leadership!
Voting for #Chris Rene!
the library's copy of Debates in the DH came in yesterday. Selfishly grabbed it for myself.
Hahahaha. Yes. Because I don't go crazy when he's not there, because I'm an awesome girlfriend 😌
yes! A lil exercise will get you going!! So happy you're with us!
Islanders down Des Moines in pool play.
I'm at for the tour of Hide/Seek by Co-curator Jonathan Katz!
thot th@ was kinda funny lol Have never seen him @ a loss 4 words b4 lol
YupRT : Its GameDay, of course you feel better RT Haven't tweeted in a while. Haven't been feeling well lately. Feeling a lot better
Automation is the word of the day!
This weather is so odd- rain, thunder and lightening in January?
Please follow i love degrassi and u hahah <3
Lisa, will we see you at fuse during the next rain storm? Hope so!
awww thanks :D tell your friends about it please!
you knw whats good, another day that god has blessed me, and having sunshine in my life. i have life choices to make, and w/ god i can d ...
Good ? RT : Why do the Blazers play good defense against San Antonio and Chicago but not against Cleveland and Indiana?
#fridayfiction The mammoth slept til Friday then, upon waking, started on the next Great Iceberg Novel. He couldn't think. Froze.
you know...not 'Erb'...but 'HURB'..I know silly..
RT “: Wandy Rodriguez is having a rough spring" remember when you traded me Kershaw for Wandy straight up 2 years ago?
ppl need to get there act together this is2012
SUCH CUTE ILLUSTRATIONSS
What's up with ? Service is starting to really suck again.
well it was Alex who suggested it!
in no particular order, la Boulanger at pine and Fillmore, Tartine in the mission and acme bread company at the ferry building.
R U at ? Don't forget 2 text 2 enter 4 awesome giveaways & prizes!
It has been just over 48 hours since I moved to nyc- can't wait for what the future holds!
January 7th!!! We are going to be on the TV show MAXIMA DISTORZION on MTV Tr3s performing live!!! Dont miss it im so stoked!!! :)
Sara what are you up, more library time?
The Strand Theater in Old Forge rules hard
Are we just going to have a campaign of bickering? Would it be 2 much to ask for Obama Romney & Gary Johnson to sit down and discuss issues?
#Moms The act of #breastfeeding is natural & worthwhile but doesn’t always come naturally. It's a learning process for you and
ME SORRY. MY APOLOGIZE!
good morning my buddy Vern!
Consider getting #homeinsurance and #autoinsurance from the same carrier as the #bundlediscounts can be very generous.
lol... gotta check those status messages in the middle of a nationwide dual-pol upgrade... they started early though
hey loverly! what's my week on #youth? i just remembered today that i was supposed to do it!!
Will we get an American driver in a car next year. Who might it be?
I love Aaron Diaz and William Levy!! They r so HOT!!
Labor Day - Schmabor Day! Happy to be working with my highly motivated, rock-star clients today. Body Fat didn't take today off!
easy now mate!
Everyone looks so tall on television. I'm only five nine, fuck.
Already in bed. Amazing! In the words of Gidget... "this is the ultimate"
good luck!
uh no, last time i checked you loved Melissa k boi .
atta' boy clarence!
are they on yet?
It's 1:05am and I have to be at school by 5:30am I'm screwed-Kelly
RT "Dell has more than 2 billion customer interactions each year"
I live near the stadium.
Only calendar density, batman. A little overwhelmed right now looking at the next three weeks. I guess network effects are... Effective.
Spectacular. Well, actually. xD Haha no im kidding it was great! yours?
SORRY guys i have been MIA.. i was alittle under the weather... new casting will be posted soon...
If there's one thing I hate the most, it's being lied to. I feel like leaving home right now and fucking someone one up, for real
Pickled okra and hot sauce.
Disappearing Dissent: How Bahrain Buried Its Revolution
When will another season of Soul Cities will come back man? The first season was the ish man!
Bingo night!!!
love you!!!xo
Halftime. Black Team 73, White Team 55.
That I can agree with.
how many months until the next #walkingdead season?
: Good luck!
We recommend ! RT Has anyone tried these websites where you loan money to people overseas?
GOOD call :)
See Thas Just Why I Fall Asleep On Yaa nah
Is anyone able to view the conference on smartphone - thunderbolt?
Dude, if that's a sign to go to bed, you should be sleeping 19 hours a day!
just checked my credit account, nothing there from NYRR. Too bad! #nexttime. Thanks. Congratulations!
Roundtable, #water rates, mayors #budget and open seat on county board of supervisors.
Save water, drink wine...or Sangria...or beer....Happy Hour starts at 4:00pm and goes until close!
Crying my self to sleep tonight. I'm sorry you see me as such a bad person. Know I'm trying to be good enough.
well, then I'll continue to try not to disappoint my fans...
Tonight's 8pm #DIONYSIUM's at 2 Havemeyer St., NOT Knitting Factory Brooklyn. Abbrev #KFBK makes me think Combination #KFC and
#NeverShouldYouEver Focus on the past, focus on the future. <3
well my bday is coming up soon so that's what I want! K thanks!
Who Am I? Do you ever ask yourself that question? I wrote an article on LinkedIn on this today. It can be found in the MLM Group.
did it
has bad mountain gas
How can eLearning software improve to meet your needs?
when my mom tells a bitch off >>>>
boo! we need to hang out and go thrifting! are you doing any shopping this weekend?
be nice i try
Bwahahahahha I am now following on xD
Spurs/Clippers Game 1 tickets secured. See you tomorrow San Antonio.
Thanks guys I hope I win too ..... Tillys 500 gift card be sweet
oh, was that my invitation? lol. I'm for real about this interview
"It ain't nothing to find ya starting place in the world. You just start from where you find yourself” August Wilson
I think I am finally getting out of this house tomorrow.
I'm having the same problem with Twitter! Weird.
Today: collection development schoolwork, portfolio schoolwork, library visit to pick up holds.
Warhammer Fantasy tonight @ 7pm!!! Don't miss out on some good killing!!
been a long time! Thanks for the follow :-)
I found an awesomely creative Sherlock/Addams Family crossover a while back, if you're interested..? Multi-part, too.
Take the long way home!
COLTON MARRY ME
"Decades," just a moment ago, was excellently pronounced, too.
Live fast, die old
Gloria Allred just turned the GOP race into a movie for lifetime.
Don't be a blueprint. Be an original.---- Roy Acuff
Israel should get no US Money! They are the terrorists of the Middle East , taking land , and killing!
How can u hav a future, when u holdin on to da past... Its like walkn wit to eyes closd and Ur hands glued to ur ass. Lol!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP6
baby inbox me
I Dare Those Who Say I Can't To Stand In Front Of Me & Look Me Bang In My Eye
My body is rejecting its new workout routine.. Workout Hangover again.
Help: Are there any celebs who have come out *against* gay marriage since Obama's announcement?
i have tickets for Bone Thugs -n- Harmony (2/5/11) & Theophilus London (2/6/11) at the stay tuned for info on how to win 'em
Feeling sad about potential music issues in SD? Listen to The Bad Plus, "Anthem for the Earnest." It'll make u happy. Then tune to
so what am i doing right now?? um...hanging out in miami? i guess hehhe
Winter = dry hair. Shampoo & condition every other -- not every -- day. And use a fabric-lined shower cap to prevent frizz!
STAR WARS! I'M AWKWARD! "EVERYBODY" HAS HAD THIS HAPPEN TO THEM!!
Congrats to Venus Williams, now ranked world #2, behind her little sister, Serena. hard work pays
He has a smart car. I'm jealous.
yea its making me hungry
I am trying real hard to use twitter to get peeps to me blog...its not working...can you help..grad marketing project
Congratulations on following your dream!!
OMG RT: : Nice vocabulary? I like that in a man...😏
I agree. I'm taken by her class/grace. I'm beginning the Katherine and her new Beau campaign..
Tomorrow night! Playing with (cd release) at the Crofoot in Pontiac MI. Going to be an amazing show
thank you!!!! Hello to you too!
Sure thing! I enjoyed the post!
RT : Q2 Very difficult to choose, too many sessions at the same moment #lrnchat <-True and I wish after that I made diff choices
r u fucking kidding me
#artsummit art and reconciliation is "possibility of tomorrow"
Congratulations to the #Vikings and your brand new stadium, too bad your team wont be very good.
Revamping website & reel too meet the greater demand...
I wonder how my friends are all doing ...havent talked to quite a few in a WHILE
only if you list me ;)
I think should have a button that lets you indicate if you've been on a (bad) date with a person, so it knows who you dont like.
you should get one of our reclining #sofas! problem = solved
You have my vote!
Agreed. I jumped from XP to 7. Windows 7 is nice, I've got to hand it to them.
I'm for it.
woohoo! What a great day!
I am ignorant about the different types of coffees. I am counting on you to educate me!
Cam showing processing of Gov. Scott Walker recall petitions was turned off five days ago. Was anyone still watching?
Waching crossing jordan on netflix
Goodmornin my loves thanking the man upstairs for waking everyone up this mornin
This is the most pathetic musical performance I have ever seen
LOL both plus a different me.
"Climate is what we expect; weather is what we get." - Mark Twain
S/O to my new follower
Wow. Spent at least 25 minutes between Deer field and Lake Mills. 10 squad cars at accident site, 3 cars obliterated. Scary stuff.
A dwarf on a giant's shoulder sees the farther of the two. 経験不足な者でも経験豊富な者の助けを借りれば有利になる。
Yep. It's smooth. Red bull said what up with you.
bummer :( were they to/from work?
Sometimes the Best HELPING HAND you can Give is a Good, Firm... P U S H ~Joann Thomas
Hello. *Smiles sweetly* I'm Selena.
its Friday the 13th.
Watching the NBA celebrity All Star Game.
you think I left the store without it?! You crazy!
chillin with chaos..... were apparently good friends now. Hit me up and fill me in...
Lindstrom! Oh I can't wait to go back to my bed today ;)
greyson is following lily!!!
That's great! Ever try one of those #P90X workouts?
Finally used the massage that my girlfriend boaght me thank you babe Ioved It it was amazing
atta boy!!! I may have shed a tear just now, on the inside at least.
we poping it off at the Club Purple Rose this friday! Come party with us
You're right! I couldn't fathom it. Good luck.
yayayayay (: haha so how you doing? How many people are in his video?(:
more freedom, I'll be able to make executive decisions
Swag swag swag on you . :D
Why is showing scary pics of China's military w/ headline "China Takes on U.S. Military Might"? We're not at war with them.
time for a twitter hiatus...
Slick jealous of right now but not for long waiting for that call Lolz
it's a sign that it's time for an upgrade!!
CLEAR THE ROADS BEACHGOERS. i want my mommy home D:
I know I am going to get in trouble for not wearing my rubber bands.
Westmoreland, West Allegheny and Cranberry this week.
There are some cases in which utilitarianism is irrational, and you have live spuriously. Idfk. Goodnight
Simon Cowell -- Not Worried About Britney Melting Down
There's a gummy bear in my driveway...I don't eat gummy bears...So why the heck is there a gummy bear in my driveway????
Lighthouse Network, Inc. shining our light into 74 countries. Not bad for a ministry that was told its vision was to far fetched.
Thanks for following, Dale!
We are so excited to be included in this year's The Dirty Show in Detroit! 2012 is off to a great start!
Ok cool, that's what I thought but just wanted to double check, thanks.
Totally enveloped in John Coltrane's : Blue Train- What a Solo---
A coward gets scared and quits. A hero gets scared, but still goes on - Anonymous
All shipping refunds have been given to people who picked up their vinylpackage @ our show. Spend it on music!
hehe, waiting for my stomach to be less full so I can eat dessert :P the mixing of conflicting cultures is just hilarious today
#oomf boyfriend is ugly af .. & idont care if its "not nice" ; idont like the bitch
#np Real or Fake by Tyga
and tearin' up the airwaves on
haha well not quite peep the next post!
This weekends schedules are up! www.startsmartbasketball.com
courtney:ohh britney looks at this *hits me in the face with a ds* courtney: Op sorry ..... britney me: you just hit me in the face o_O
Just catching up on the twitterfeed. Wow. WTF Will Manley? Have you TALKED to #catalogers?!
cant help but d/l the greatest hits...R.I.P Whitney Houston
- aht home bored a'f watching Major panye
But the internet just loves lists , and people love to follow ;)
some smooth shit.
The Boy Scouts of America, Ventura County Council would like to wish you all a Happy Thanksgiving!
had a great time @ TGT last week, thanks for those who attended! Join Tony Lopacinski Support Page on facebook to help Tony KILL THE BEAST!
Awesome! Thank you!
i bet u do.... ps i miss u tail
good morning Kirk Hawkins! I can't ever just say your first name. I think I've always just called you by your full name. :)
Austin ur my idol UR SO FUNNY SWEET DOWN 2 EArth & TRULY AMAZIN ur my biggest inspiration & will always be<3please follow me x
nope, but I have eaten SO much food! omg
Spring break is upon us? Any big plans?
Wide awake........ "Maintain momentum and act accordingly!" #Hungry &
Thanks sponsor Universal Services of America!
:O you take that back!
1. Open fridge. Nothing to eat. 2. Open pantry. Nothing to eat. 3. Lower standards and repeat
Awesome day!
Let's go Huskies!!! Huskies!!! Huskies!!! Huskies!!! Huskies!!! Huskies!!! Huskies!!!
": Hi ! Follow ! If you unfollow _MS_Photography, I'll unfollow you on this account."I don't care
My duck pillow pet >>>>>>
Theres a difference between being a whore and being pretty, cause obviously you dont know the difference.
Thanks for the shout-out. Glad you're having fun with the app!
AH I love the pp tweet!
What about criminal charges for a hate crime? University discipline seems weak for racially motivated attempted assault.
Purple Wednesday tomorrow ??
#TrayvonMartin video coming soon
I give yo ass top notch advice even got a petition to leave the person but you still go back or think bout them.
song is stuck in my head
looks dont matter 2 me, its all about personality.
haha that's awesome!!
Love "Trick r Treat" best straight to DVD film ever. Saw ur from Ohio, why the choice for a Manning jersey at the festival?
Cast, I loathe you!!!
Another beautiful fall day at the farm :) Happy Friday Chicago!
Mission accomplished. ;-)
thanks, youu too (:
Well, according to Wikipedia, the sandwich originated in Nebraska or NY? I don't know...but my mom always made them for St. Patrick's Day.
!!! RT I MUST see Fred Loyas light show this year :) #WhatsGood!
Curious to know if you'll be giving up the grains when the contract ends? I'm sure you catch a lot of hell for it.
“: Question from Craigslist user re: my Kindle Fire I'm selling: "Does it have adobe flash drive?" #FacePalm” The story of Craigslist.
Had such a fun night with and ! We should do it again!
anytime Shawn! Thanks for checking it out :)
Poor trevy got his wisdom teeth pulled today :(
excuse my shirt.... proudly "wearing" a marriott charity walk event shirt xD
when your done with your ice cream, give me a buzz :)
Yes! RT : Every single day should have more Stevie Wonder.
There's a movie called "Retardead"
What are you doing tomorrow?
stop celebrating the release of #BF3 and spend some money on a bigger server network. You spent $$$$ on marketing but none on servers?
Zac Efron's Endless Summer - Just Jared Jr.
wanna know how i kno ur gay?? u like the cowboys
on24 or premier cast.... Let me show you...got a second tom?
We are of to Christians last Lacrosse practice for the 2012 season. See post later....
Don't forget, order holiday cards to send your incarcerated loved ones.
its close so far!
Gosh. I have to ask. Is NBA taking the spotlight off JC?
double high fivezzz!!! 🙌
Just tonight? ;) RT: Why do Chicago sports have to be so disappointing tonight
I'm fine lol I'm sorry I fell asleep on you haha
Tough to say about Trumbo (2nd half). I wasn't a big supporter this year, but he was pretty solid for most of the season.
There are so many paths to choose from...
Feeling good. Feeling groovy. Am suddenly a 70's song.
Winning poetry entries will run in the paper on Friday! So submit!
I jumped the gun with my Scannebago tweet. It wouldn't be smart to sink time & effort into my near death RV. #Scannebago 2013?
The people on this cake show has like italian accents
If this is a certain former blogger, please pass on my good wishes and fond memories. I still miss her.
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Photography News , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
Valid point.
damn they put me back in i.s.s
Reflective, and a little sad. Nothing else to say really..
Imagination is more important then knowledge.
ILL book won't demagnetize. I set the alarm off every time.
I can hear alot of frogs outside omg!
Happy Birthday !!!!
that's thing bout an event surrounding a hotel room instead o an activity. I bet the community will return 4 breakfast.
HAPPY 17th BIRTHDAY 2 MY WONDERFUL, HANDSOME SON, RHETT!!!! UR MY WORLD & LOVE U VERY VERY MUCH!! THANK YOU LORD FOR BLESSING ME W/ RHETT!!
fans wants back in the main event and want to be champion again. Boring without the miz in the main storyline
three ridges :/
That shrimp is gorgeous.
check them people out before you send them yo shit.SMARTEN UP
How in the world do I change my profile pic now? I don't see an option...
Hearing Drake's "Over" every morning, is my new thing.
How long will you be there for? Dublin was ok, but Galway was better.
This is awesome. RT : I always add "Be Awesome" to my 'to-do' list... Its nice to cross something off right away.
School/: I'm nott wearinn makeup today(:
2 MINUTES. LAWD TAKE THE WHEEL
Mrs white just sprayed herself in the face with the dry erase board cleaner. I think she's taking part in the Holidays
Enjoy! I was a law student when kiddo was little, so I know being a student and a mom is TOUGH.
Every time I drive by colfax, theres always some crazy shit going on there.
so glad we hung out last night. I heard you got tat-tat-tatted up this morning. Let's see it! Are you guys staying here tonight?
what bad memory would you erase?
thx u for following. I follow u back. Welcome to twitter.
good night everybody :D love you guys all XD
excuse me, Mr. Leipsic, not Mt. Leipsic.
imy ily <333 still makin a plan. Ps like my new pic. It's what I'll look like if I meet death.
Meatloaf and mashed potatoes for dinner tonight. Since my Valentine is in Portland, the kids & I plan to rock out w Rock Band after dinner!
Is there a word for having esteem in others? Like self esteem except directed/projected outwards.
what did you get?
HAHAHAHA you too ;)
if you would have responded with "GWAR", I would have taken it back...
Perfect evening for a baseball game! Come watch the WV POWER play ball at Appalachian Power Park!
And we disagree. I was so happy to see him shipped off to Granada. Viana I've watched this season and he was brilliant
last final at 2 tomorrow, so naturally I'll be at the bar
seems like he only gets plastered when his ex-wife is in town. Guess he ain't over her yet
Happy President's Day! Absolute EyeCare will be open today until 8pm for your convenience.
You two are funny. Good luck with your server issues, no fun!
One day I want a closet as big as bedroom. Is that to much for a girl to ask?
Movie recommendation is Michael Rooker in "Slither"
About to teach this workshop at NYU on artistic concepts in the classroom...GO!
we have the website up. Is there an email address I can contact you at?
:( I'm sorry, that can't be easy.
Ok, sxsw friends! Who wants to do lunch?
#WeWantNiallDolls its unfair to have all the other boys dolls' and not Nialls! 1D ISN'T 1D WITHOUT NIALL!
RT Citation is a politics. When you cite Heidegger, for example, you're also "downloading" his network
so glad you enjoyed it! keep on rockin :)
nice 3 from ray allen to take lead against lakers. Let's go
#IfWomenDidNotExist my hands would have blisters
Omg everyone that has been receiving DMs from me its not me someone hacked I don't know whats going!
I don't think YOU should do anything while driving, except drive! ;p
Had to bury a baby bird :(
Comedy & Wing Night! $6 for a dozen wings...Comedy...FREE! $2.50 Yuengling Drafts. Comedy starts at 8pm.
Stardust from them solar flares got me feelin kooky
I just got back from a difficult visit to the bathroom, where I had no choice but to bellow, "Jean D'Arc."
Congratulations mike. How many were there
class is back in session! excited to get to work.
Hi! Trying to keep Just Trees friends and clients in closer contact. You can also use our website to contact us: www.justtrees.com Cheers!
wow....thats kind of rude, and really not true.....Holy hell what a Douche McBaggins
me too man, allergies are killin me
I think in my hubs case its just natural extension of picky eating :) High maintenance indeed!
i guess your account has been jacked up i m getting weird tweets from u
A safety net doesn't sound that good if your a tuna.
Dontcha just love pink!
Hi Christine! Like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how much people LOVE your brand DM?
Thanks for following Great business insight.
Gonna work on my tracklist for this fridays set. I wanna start off mellow then end it with a bang!.
not always just media. Consumers love this and media delivers.
Went running with 13 yr old daughter's ipod today. She'd be horrified to know we share a similar taste in music.
Hah, oh right. Your Kenya post got picked up by Alyssa Milano -- who oddly enough is a big deal on Twitter
two purposes of jails are to detain offenders with short term sentences and to rehabilitate offenders.
TUESDAY S.I.N. SPECIALS! 1/2 OFF ALL TAP BEERS, $3 ROOT BEER BOMBS!
Robert Frosty the Snowman
lolz!! im doing well, workin and havin fun in between. And yes!! im totally down for bar hopping! without a shred of doubt!
Can anyone help me get some more Packers fan followers? Thx in advance
#ECET2 Harper's Lee's "To Kill a Mockingbird" getting a lot of attention.
If you have an iPhone (or know someone who does), you should try scanning with ShoeBox! Hope this helps!
Thanks Antonio!
How to network: know that u learn @ lunch as much as in sessions
One more day and we open!! www.yourfarmgirl.com
That's what I was thinking! Always looking for an excuse to go to Dim Tai Fung!
That was an amazing event. Thanks to all involved!!
i love you swaggie boy :{) You are amazing ♥
yeaah its okay im sure she'll come party with us again
Christopher Hitchens is dead. Damn.
Out this world
Tivo has no idea what's on. What am I paying them for?
My friends are just crazy!
thanks4 mentioning early literacy(K-3)during nat.pressconf.But 90% of brain develops b4 K,MUST start earlier!
ME+YOU!=LOVE RT IF U HAVE A BOYFRIEND OR A GIRLFRIEND!!:)
These are two great NCAA semi final games
My job took my parking spot smh
haha yes, and its in the middle of where all the shows are. So its perfect for promoting your band, and making friends with people.
My phone isn't doing anything that even resembles working, don't bother. Tweet if you need me!
We share the same birthday, sweet. RT : Today is a very special young man's birthday! JB Brubaker! Tweet the crap outta him!
this experience has been amazing for me and so many others
"research is the #1 thing to get involved in BD at a law firm" couldnt agree more!!
smh its such a shame for a girl with age to think like a hoe
she owes him the best blow job ever........:
:: BREAKING :: President Obama makes surprise, unannounced trip to Afghanistan.
will you please grace me with your presence
#Brewers now have 4 starting position players out and 1 starting pitcher.
Hiroshima I murder shit. Japanese my yakuza chick
Omg I LOVE! I seriously just it added to my cart.
Broken bones.. That sucks.. Hope you feel better soon!
Back in the ruff buff, can't wait to see 
Fuck! All the treadmills are taken :(
Happy Birthday wishes to , I have a special birthday treat for you...it's called a two hour workout!!!#let'sgetit
Thank you and likewise! Looking forward to hearing more from the both of you. Good luck out there!
That moment when your sneeze gets caught.
Thanks for the email regarding Azealia Banks' "212" .. pretty cool song!
- my pleasure, I've been following you from a different account for awhile and find something interesting every time I check!
all that lived in concert gomez will be kept in my head!
Body in so much pain
Had a chance to have lunch with this week. You can learn a lot from recruiters with experience.
Thanks for listening!! #FSEDM & Thanks to for playing! Till next time, see ya!
I'm busy with work . My sister been living with me though she looking at a condo on top of hip restaurant! How have you been
They babyin the heat on these fouls
I will step out of my "comfort zone" and reach toward several new beginnings! Some times it is scarey :) but I will reach anyway! GoXtreme!
off to the apple store yea!
Exactly. I've been a subscriber since they started, and it seems the redesigns happen much more often than in the '90s
Royal Censorship of Books in Eighteenth-Century France by Raymond Birn G'63 now available from
That's great. Well feel free to practice on me if you want!
having this one song on repeat...
Our Ambulatory #Infusion Center provides comprehensive, skilled nursing services for patients undergoing intravenous procedures.
nah you dont contribute to the party...you just walk around tryna look cute
Even if didn't follow me today, I still know she loves me for being a fan. ❤😘
YES! All I was thinking was 'I need a change' - didn't anticipate looking like Lloyd! Or the guy from No Country for Old Men
Work Work Workity Work. I'll get to packing one of these days, let's just hope "one of these days" comes before Thursday...
Since you're tweeting so much how about tweeting me? :D it'd sure be great!
except it is gambling. NCAA made a big deal about not doing brackets when you are a player in the past.
Same here. Somethng sort of Fell Into Place last night, so today was better. Must continue to focus on Falling Into Place. :)
Birthday weekend. I'm so excited to sleep in and drink coffee and spend time with my animals (that include the boyfriend).
Twitter Virgin James DuMont wants you to follow him. Deflower me BK, you can tell Leanne.
with or without a girlfriend, it's already what you talk about all the time
When tweets Again I'm going to run in a circle.
Terrell Pryor to the NFL!Oakland raiders.
#afropolitan happening tonight. 3 #federator crew in the house tonight for album release party.
hey sis!!! Thank you with your sanging self! God bless!
House of Grey is 1741 in the #free Kindle Store 28 in love and Romance and 39 in Science Fiction/Fantasy we can do better than that!
If you want an upbeat, happy-go-lucky start to ur day, log on to fb on a Friday. No other day, JUST Friday! ..... TADA!
You were nothing to me.
yes, well we found it now. Jason says hello.
Can I ~Cumova
right there with ya!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 350
Greek Islands Restaurant: Tuesday, Indianapolis => Two for $40 (appetizer, soup or salad, combination platter, dessert and coffee)
fuck this shit im going to sleep, sorry austin im tired. #happybirthday bby
Way "over-thinking" things.. Damn!
hell no, her conversation might end up ruining her purpose.....which is a nut
Nom Nom! RT The Rotunda (711 W 40th St) today and every Friday in October! Plenty of shops, parking space and delicious burgers!
its more than that shaw!!!!
Nights like those.
I'm Watching #JeepersCreepers2 And I'm Scared AF! :/
just in case you didnt know... is killing it at woodward tonight...
anytime...I'm bout to shower and Charles n Wil are down in the kitchen cooking and doing the dishes. Things are over here too :)
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 24
It's nice when your friends take the opportunity of a visit to put you to work doing man-type chores. At least she pays in beer.
Oh, I know just how to do it right, baby. *salacious grin*
Now I am! Thanks for the rec :)
The Detroit Journal ❤'s the
Mom:"Why is he following me? I don't like people following me." Me: "Then you probably shouldn't be on Twitter..." LOL
Responded to FIRE @ 3530 Kingsland Avenue, Bronx, NY 10469 and helped 4 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
is at 744 Broad St., 26th floor, #Newark #NJ 07102
here they go again rewriting history
You're welcome! Hope you're well!
she was there but she had no part of it lol
Featuring win #BELIEVER on
Keep your eyes open, you'll like what you see
Fuccckk yeah! (; ": I honestly think 50 cent is haaaaawt."
Please do people !
Mets Sweep Away Reyes and Miami Rookie Kirk Nieuwenhuis ended the game with a clutch walk-off hit.
#artpolitics borrowed notion of "martial arts" from capoeira - art and opposition
I was going 2complain abt the guy who has been sitting across from me on train every day 4the last month, but I guess I shld be flattered...
Hi, Eric. Can I get your email so I can send you an IP question? DM me, please.
Yeah, if I wasn't in an industry where appearance means everything I'd def. go big. Where are you going to get it?
Now on Amazon MP3, because why not.
higher draft pick.
hey it's Derek Gisriel, I'm running TXCV for my boss...thanks for following & we need to hang out!
Romney very eloquently defends religious conscience and liberty citing Hosana-Tabor case decided by #SCOTUS. Nicely done
Good Morning 
Today is the final day to catch April exhibition Signing the Ocean at Gallery 114! The gallery opens at noon.
I hate having to give you the same information more than once
Thanks for the follow!
Just got my new office set up at Thinkpad, dock, two 23" in screens and THE RAGING SOUND OF HOW AWESOME I AM
Has a player ever won a National Championship at two different schools??
it's the same in ohio! it's 60 here , craziness right? (: ahaha
We have two tickets from people who have had a change of plans. Who wants one?
I'll be praying for you Joe Pa
Jon Ippolito: scripts are adaptable - projects that are scripted rather than fixed can, e.g., adapt to screen size
I like your twitter pic
Um just hit a bird with his car while driving....what are the odds of that?
You can't appreciate electricity 'til you've overnighted in an old, strange, creeky building and used its pressroom john by flashlight.
I might dress conservative but my thought process is mostly democrat. Don't get it twisted darlin.. ;)
Putting away your phone and paying attention to those talking to you? There's an app for that. It's called R-E-S-P-E-C-T!!!
“ "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up" - Thomas Edison”
Woke up at 930 thinking it was 11. Loved the surprise. Plus had some great dreams last night.
Fox will not confirm that Britney Spears and Demi Lovato is joining The X Factor.
That's why fuckin idiot analysts don't know shit about us. They don't watch our games then are surprised when we win!
I will check that out :) super stocked!!!!!!
Thanks for the #FF, Brian!
Dear Luna, is #4 on the top charts today and currently the #1 top downloaded Pop artist! Listen to their exclusive EP stream
Dec 20...Time to KILL The Sith Empire!
Kitchen tip: if you ever cut your figure tip off in the kitchen soak it in honey and it will grow back
Tell us more... RT : Kyrie Irving is the first Cavalier to win Rookie of the Year since LeBron James.
HEALTH: Make leisure time active - garden, walk, ride a bike with family and friends etc.
I think my body is trying to tell me something, like eat more vegetables you fatty food and sweets loving bastard!
Where is Max Kellerman??
good! Tell everyone I say hi!!
Chuck D: The invitation to work with the Smithsonian was a chance to keep hip-hop breathing and living.
Ayy I'm up in this thing, turn up
All my love is for you <3
No! Please no!
by printed word, do u mean on paper? Does a textbook online or as a PDF count as printed? Just clarifying, we're a 1:1 district.
Cleaning up after a tenant left happy freakin week end.Someone borrowed some tools that didn't return them .need coffee .GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
Ugh this freaks me out. One block from my apartment. So much crime lately.
the sun is makin me very happy today!
awww how sweet n cute. :-)
The Elephant Man, Friday the 13th, Dressed to Kill, Stir Crazy, Cruising, 9 to 5, Coal Miners Daughter. Thats a pretty good year in movies
Love is slot like a spork, neither of which exist after high school.
Anyone have any luck unlocking the resurrected "Hangover" badge?
So it is confirmed. You have nothing. Typical liberal and typical golf "writer." Two of life's lowest forms.
"The highest risk kids are also the most tender hearted, but often resort to the most aggressive survival skills." Dr. Purvis
the world is my spitoon
Worst feeling in the world is not being needed anymore.
wow. That was a long time ago. So funny. I want to see that video.
so u covered yo middle name
Taco bell >>
On my way to Indy for the game! Let's go
Thanks for the RT Me too :)
Its time 4 another SUNDAY FUNDAY w/ DISH! Its Drag Brunch w/ Erica Andrews & Jenni P! Come enjoy great food & amazing performances!! RSVP!
I work in real estate full time, but love entreneurship, travel, fun stuff
Happy Spring everyone!
got one for the summer on 33rd in Sea Isle
been studying all week, i'm calling a 4-0 NFL weekend
Hm time to name my Nu 3D tile.... Should I play it safe or should I push it???
What 1887 act dissolved tribes as legal entities & allowed for sale of reservation land to whites in an attempt to solve the #IndianProblem?
dude... I got some bad news..
Before I was married, I had a hundred theories about raising children and no children. Now, I have three children and no theories.
Just got choked up over a hannah montana episode! That's it- no more chocolate u know when!! Lol
What will you do if the nuclear winter comes? - go to snowball. - NUCLEAR! - Tentacles!
About a third of all Americans flush the toilet while they're still sitting on it.
RT : RT : Food stamps: every $1 spent as a food stamp creates $1.80 in economic stimulation.
Oh and happy mothers day to all the mamas :)
We are apart of STA Travel discounts. 10% off. Check them out and get their card!
hey thanks bruh-nick
Assembly Member Block is critical of actions taken against student protestors & inquiring about administrative change 2B taken in the future
What was year #Tribe was down 14-2 to M's before coming back to win 15-14? Déjà vu?
She so cute!
that makes me think of "mss fnd in a lbry"
At the shop waiting on t-wezzy smh this is gonna be a long day....... anyway my bday tomorrow leggo twitches!
Any to go for round 2 of P90X. I must have a death wish.
AWESOME-- well deserved! I'm proud of you my friend! Glad revisions were helpful. :)
haha how light? Don't die it blonde or orange! U should get an afro! Haha
UW softball team not one of the 64 teams called out in last night's NCAA Tournament selection show
If I could get 1000 followers I'll drop out of school cause "I made it"
#NoOffenseBut You are already offended.
I mustache you a question, can eyebrows your internet?
follow back
Nd it's gonna be hot tomorrow That suks even more huh
#AlamoBowl tonight! Who are you rooting for? or ? will root for UW & for BU...she's a :D
With my family. :-)
Having a BLAST playing Mission:Admission. Stay tuned for March launch
You're missing out!
I bet 's mentions are filled with spam. No wonder why he can barely see some of our tweets :/
Thanks Dave! MT If you care about biking, sustainability, and all things pure and good, follow the new account!
From History Ch.--Texas begged to be in union because it was drowning in debt. Houston only major city without any zoning laws.
They call it the saxophone because the first one was actually made out of a phone.
but for some reason I want chipotle
Thanks. It`s The Lizard King`s Miami mug shot - epic.
Thank Goodness It's Monday! So far this week I have not messed up!
RIP Adam Yauch
You were saying?
anyone looking for guest bloggers?
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha! if I can live through that, I can live through anything.
It's always fun listening to someone's lie when you already know the truth.
new song everyone follow my movement, i need feedback ladies this song right here is for you Myspace.com/legyndmuzik
just make sure you brush your teeth today
aww, thanks boo! <3 and you never texted me back :/
rally is not pulling back ... going back to 14k?
Norfolk State and VCU
“: Congratulations to my brother for making Police Sergeant!”CONGRATULATIONS!!!
#AMLO movement: End the war on drugs, refurbished public schools, cut the salaries of public servers 50%, renegotiate NAFTA, etc
We will see and my bias for EXO changed ... And I think many are cute.
Algebra 1 is freakin torture NEVER in my life will I love this subject...now English I can do
no I don't do it as good as u mother! Haha!!
Remember, you are the most #precious creation #God has ever made. You're
RT - Words can't describe the hate I have for the Cleveland Indians starters in recent weeks! FUCK!
Drive thru at Burger King
Celebrating Loretta Setter's retirement from board of Ed Brown Senior Ctr. Happy we were able 2 work together 2 save the Ctr
The elevator in the iSchool at UW is broken. I know, you don't care. But I don't either & I still have to get emails about it.
I'm from Jacksonville. For better or worse, she's the same one that charged a 12 yr old with 1st degree murder.
I was looking into making a shirt for the Indiana game and I was just curious. Do you make them?
Vampire Diaries made me cry tonight! Awesome show!
So long #Google+ You are never going to be as fun or as easy as
Hamburger time! #nomnom free food truck
yay! Even though I have no idea what that is Looool
What #foodrules do you have for your kids? 1 rule: no eating in front of the tv. (& yes, it's hard to follow myself)
proud of ya mane. Keep it up
#Interbrand, my new favorite company! Great #marketing and #brandimage content with interactive graphics
Invited to a French-only party here in Lafayette. My French is beyond rusty, but I will try to make a good showing, given my heritage.
Prepping for 1/9 show: Padlrom Collins, former Buddhist nun now helps couples rebuild trust & intimacy following sexual addiction.
I just love them long phone calls with my baby
working on branding for a new clothing line, one of our favorite things to do and do well.
If anyone is talented (musically) and you have material, send it to us. If we go out of our way to find you, you're special.
Her confidence is tragic, but her intuition's magic
Maybe one day ill understand
Halloween costume crafting is my passion. Working on a super amazing costume for this year!
so the bike I planned on buying got sold by the owner's sister (ergh) so I'm back to (craigslist) shopping. any tips? I wanna move fast!
Interviewing experts on hospital/physician alignment strategies = reducing costs of high price items that don't impact quality of care.
Aaron Craft making a splash in OSU v Mich game Ohio leads by 7 with 4 left in game
aw yes!!!!! My adorable guys!!!! Love you!
I can't tell you what's on my mind really, but i can tell you one thing though.: We Must Learn.
Not to get off the topic of madonna but did you seriously date that guy who is the bachelor ben now?
much love
I know, I'm pumped
The man who has no imagination has no wings. - Muhammad Ali
Things are slowly changing, especially with older Gen Y-ers climbing up the corporate ladder quickly. Be optimistic :)
gurls tha tlk to much on cam like stop tlking take ur clothes off c;
Ain't nothing wrong with a little inner office fling, as long as we both know when shit hits the fan, I'm not saving your job!
Hard to be that accurate when you pee and brush your teeth at the same time.
good looking out! We are right outside of Hole In The Wall. Come visit us and we will take care of you and your followers!
Hard to believe Getty images doesn't have an iPhone app!
i almost have the rap in #boyfriend memorized
Not ONE student I have can understand the prob w marriage equality. Most DO have a prob w/ doubling interest rates & finding jobs.
I love that song!
Under The Sea Hawaii joins the Hawaii Tourism Association
Registered Process Server in Sacramento,CA to serve your legal documents. 916-509-0677
think of it as hang out time.
Glad your having fun! Please follow me💙
Barrera: There are changes, however. Invested in redeveloping our classrooms to get technology our kids need.
All my phone screens are either me with Austin or just Austin. :] <3
shot u a text to see when u wanted to meet up
S/O Real Niggaz
Checking out Smalls Jazz webcast of with Xavier Davis, Curtis Lundy & Ulysses Owens Jr.
To acquire true self power you have to feel beneath no one, be immune to criticism and be fearless.
I'm trying to get to 11K tweets!
*biting tongue*
nothing to do but keep it real and proud of who you are
I been thinkin about him why?Its weird i guess I missed him o.O But being friends is good. :)
A state of emergency has been created by hosts of militant non-thinkers. And humans have become an endangered species.
I am enjoying what will likely be the only day I'll have more followers than you...
Walking into victoria secret to try on bras in cheer clothes 👍
Hoping the inquiries translate to sales. And I'm not talking about denim. :-).
Gotta admit, sideburns.php would make an ace blog name for WP tuts.
Wow - I like Adam. He is interesting and the range on his voice is great! A standing ovation from Smokey!
I have not been in any case, only seating in the JUROR'S LOUNGE, waiting to be called. What do you then? Tweet.
I share the espresso machine dream, prolly cheaper to just pay the baristas---
I have become a bit obsessed with the chocolate croissants at but will have to try the bread next!
riding a wind trainer on a beautiful day sucks!!!
Goddamn you sexy!
my big sister is back in town.............now i wish her azz would just leave.....anit that sum shizz
Please give my colleague a lesson on so he can bring back some info to me. Thx.
Saving old refrigerator to keep in the garage as a second ref. is actually not energy efficient if the ref is more than 5 to 10 yrs old
Nothing makes a woman more beautiful than the belief she is beautiful. ~~Sophia Loren #breastCancer (via: )
why only $20? Let's up the bet and make it $640 millions ;)
yesterday by atmosphere.. that is my song.
Who watched #madmen instead of doing homework?
Have a great evening and Congratulations!
That's funny, it doesnt matter that youre 14 when you're trying SOO hard to get with guys who are "like 20".
Having grown up in New Orleans & married to a San Fran native, Saturdays playoff game will be.. interesting
#Mississippi street fest! Oh, and more writing about rare book collections in research libraries! I'd like to finish it!
and it's been awhile Since I've gone & fucked things up just like I always do it's been awhile But all that shit seems to disappear
I'm currently standing by my box spring and mattress on the side of the road. It's 2:30 in the morning. Moving sure is an adventure.
Help me understand why XTina eliminated Jesse. Peaked too early? Unwilling to "leave comfort zone"? So confused!
Thanks for a great meal this evening!
jbieb's new song boyfriend makes me uncomfortable. is it just me?
But I never made it home that night.
Seems legit
Doing some reconfiguring of my sites this AM.
Watched your show for the first time this morning great show! So hungry
Typically, seeking approval from the board means an offer as been been informally extended or is on the verge of being extended
Watching Monty Python's The Meaning of Life... irreverent and subversive humor, wacky guys, gimme more!
Slow progress on education keeps grant at 'high risk' - Chicago Tribune
"i'll only date you if you stop obsessing over the ICONic boyz" HAHAH OMFG NOPE SORRY BITCH.. BOYZ >>> BOYS
your just funny looking
Feeling better
gurl, give me some drugs! lol :P
we'll let the recording be the judge on the that... haha. Always fun! I'll pull some more stuff out to play soon.
I was filming a comercial for Ford while at JWT in Bodega California and the helicopter crashed.
Does my girlfriend like to catch? YEAH! CATCH IT IN THE ASS!
Thanks for the follow!
Once more, swinging by the Taste of Chicago today. Glutton for punishment? Why yes, thank you for asking.
I'm sure if she ate only 2 ounces of whole grain Cheerios a day, she's lose weight. But who does that? Bacon! Steak! Eat up!
you're* & yes I live here.
an EP coming out by fall. For you love x
I love moonshine
5 Ways To Prevent Nightmares With Your Indianapolis Plumbing
It's good to see an editor sticking up for his reporter.
What's shocking is the President's decision to announce his position during the 2012 campaign.
Totally do it and I'll do it and then I'll mix it together and it will be magical :)
Someone once said "A mind is a terrible thing to waste" In my case it's "My mind is a terrifying thing to have".
Rain, Rain and more Rain.... but not in our game room!
Also got introduced to another great artist Rachel Fine , looking forward to seeing more of her work!
Yes! You did a great job!
Entering into my late twenties tomorrow. Wonder what 26 will look like on me?
We don't have the rights...sorry
Ah, gotcha. Thanks for the kind words!
We recorded a good luck message from to the on Saturday. He said he loves that "Weenged Wheel. It is awesome!"
I really don't understand all the fuss about the white iPhone. It's an iPhone, and it's white.THE END.
First weekend of MBA Opening Residency concludes with a 1:30pm discussion with Anderson McNeill of Luck Companies; Q&A on strategy/branding
Program Two plays today and Sunday at 1pm at Camera 3, tickets are $8 and includes 13 incredible short films!
ok... gotcha!
yeah, we're a little shaky right now. It's all about the GPS.
I should have! It only ended about 20 minutes after I went to bed. Dunno if I can stay up for Blues/Kings 3OTs till like 4am tho
hahaha nice. Had tennis in the spring 7th period. Turned in to senior our after the season!
Getting a new job... Starting NOW. Ah
RT ": It's staggering how few photos of "minimalist workspaces" include a person who's working REALLY fucking hard."
Thrilled to be a guest of a dancer at the SF Ballet performance tonight. Christopher Wheeldon's choreography blows me away. Thanks Rebecca!!
It would mean the world if you dm'ed me im so sad and In tears:'( pleasr answerr
Turns out, if you have no plans to kill a hooker, there is only so much you can do with a pineapple.
don't you hate that feeling when you have to see your best friend, best friend that dated you ex boyfriend
If you're planning on getting tickets from me Monday, let me know so I can put you on the list!
People gonna have the MEGA Munchies tomorrow...I'm hidin my snacks
fuck its hard to get up today
i hear you i'm on the same thing for real.. tired of school
check the time. everyone is also assigned a time.
Favoriting to check out later.
I can't wait to get back home, to pass the time in my room alone
ta ta ta taaaaaaaay
Please follow for further updates, am closing this account up for now -- thanks for following!
I wanna see some sharkiesss
#HSFB Stat of the Day: We all know that De La Salle (CA) owns the longest win streak, which HS has had the most undefeated teams?
Did Justin Say That?!:O
Thanks! RT #IfIWonTheLottoIWould give to ! Also, ! Makes me miss Young Gweezy just thinking about!
Always try to weigh yourself at the same time every day. This will reduce many reasons you might get inaccurate scale readings!
My mom goes "Hey Kels, have you read 50 shades of Grey?" When I say not yet she goes "Well I jut bought it." Oh my. Here we go.
Hey, I heard you were a wild one. ;)
It's Wednesday.... Fried Chicken time!!!!
Daneyko, get the fuck off my TV. Devils go get your own network you fucks.
Big year for football. Basketball? Not so much.
Thank you :*
Well, any friend of is a crazy friend of mine. Welcome to the twitterverse.
After spending hours doing research 4 logo designs, I am well overdue 4 food!
Jessa: "Is that how the book ends?" Casey: "I don't really know Dickens. I just know Bleak House & Great Gatsby..." Jessa: "Oh?"
Thanks! I agree!
Now offeing Jimmy coco designer airbrush tans...
Fabulous sessions yesterday from: ...
actually someone did make it up..<You could not make this up--killer coal gets touchy feely:>
Fire alarm went off. All clear, everyone returning. Nothing to see here.
yes sir, now I ain't saying she a
"Earthquake"? Now if Bama fans used the contraction "you're" correctly, that'd be an earthquake.
you wanna meet him tomorrow
hungry much?
I hope it doesn't somehow get out that follows , , and …
today is my friday. yay! looking forward to the long weekend and a milestone birthday on sunday.
hey, another 3 and out, who'd a thunk it
Would a police-free campus be a good thing?
#Matthews is gonna' have to find a new spot cause the #Nugs are gonna' be on to him.
Ewwwww. lol Hm...maybe they see it as flying the friendly skies? :)
Canon is best because cartridges and inks are more readily available.
It's true-No FamJams for Summer BUT we'll have FamJams-Type event in November to open RiverRink-I'll keep u posted!
I like him to the point where its not even funny anymore...♥
“: #NF 'cause she's super cute. <3”same reason why I
Morning run on Orange Line bike path. Nothing like the aroma of trees in bloom, perfume, graffiti control, and bus fumes to get you going.
1a. Brethren, if a man be overtaken in a fault, ye which are spiritual, restore such a one in the spirit of meekness. Gal. 6:1a
They need to replay that shit! Well i'm sure it'll be on Worldstar in a couple hours..
Random News: Kareena Kapoor hurt during an action scene of Agent Vinod
Since your pets don't read-we provide tweets that are Pet Tips Online
THE DENTAL WORK IN PHILLY... OMG
The pageant coordinators probably are afraid that the transwoman would win the damn competition! Transwomen rock!
Thanks Lisa! Have a great weekend!
check for car hail damage. Lost power here for three hours all else good.
Not in the mood to have people over
Are you comfortable taking risks in your org? What would encourage you? Could you do it indepedently, or would you need help?
Hi Ariel! Just curious if theres a recording up of the conference from last night. Thanks!
