Wrap around wire racks are suitable for use on all shelves, but are not suitable for use at the base of the cabinet.
Find Ya Lil shawty I HATE THAT DAMN WORD
best rapper out there.. how about yours?
can you recommend a Korean BBQ? I've been dying to try!
including tickets to aus*
can you shoot me your management contact. Would love to set some things up with you.
Glad you liked it, thanks for sharing!
#LTBroadcasts "For the 1st time in a long time, the little man [Gandhi] heard enraged complaints instead of hysterical applause" (3/25/31)
Norwegian Atlantic Salmon, oh so good!!! CPK
Fucking toddlers, can't stand them. Little annoying bugers.
hahaa. im in this picture.
Trying my public transport testing again. This time to South Bay. Nope, you don't really need a car here. Just time. Lots of time.
Damn shit crazy RIP whitney houston :(
Good luck to all the #TeenHoot contestants! =)
Done with my hw. I'm surprised... I didn't get much at all
So sorry to hear that news. Thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.
The only damn thing stoping me from liking him is the girl code. And the only reason I'm fallowing it is cause I respect it.
getting my finger pricked at the doctors= pain and a lot of going ow
G'morn! Cool Crowes idea, I shoulda brought it from howe...uh, home
hopes a generous friend would like to reload her Starbucks card. Itching for an Earl Grey Tea Latte! Can't focus!
RT : Fat is a preferred fuel for the body because it is energy-dense and burns clean, does not leave residue.
Too much omnipresent Xmas music. Spoils everything.
honestly though, people will be laughing from the slides so much it won't matter if I'm reading.
Thank Gaga I don't have a hangover..
Public Counsel getting ready for National Adoption Day with 120 new adoptions tomorrow in LA
hes there...his tweets are protected it says
working out my geometry skills for funky angled project....will turn into something unique!
On Da Way Home Who Up Dat I Mess Wit
She acts like it's fine when things fall apart, but one strength of a woman is the ability to hide her feelings.
Takes about 3-4 weeks to get them in from China via California, but they are worth literally every penny.
Phew. ASA paper submission completed. 1 minute to spare. Denver, I'll hopefully see you in August.
I see, u just say wat comes 2 ur mind & I b laughing. But I get some #'s 4 u on some apt if u want it
Quick question! Can you verify which Adriana Lima account is official!? Thanks, lost of love <3
Y'all want the full roman.
alright girl lol
When I grow up I want to be Detective Olivia Benson.
Or, as John Lydon would have it: Stunk.
pink is definitely ur color ;)
Lost in Translation...Bill Murray is a God!!
I will be back in pdx for your soup on next week
I WILL EAT THEM ALL
role induction important: "we're going to be learning all the time at bedside/rounds, ask questions; no lectures"
Listening to #Maxwell...Stop the World
good deep house track =]
and data package
Alex , follow me?(:
We would like a #kosher food truck in our city as well. Let's get one rolling through the U.S. and Canada!
Is coughing really that annoying? If so, then so am I. Time to start a club.
#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty if its ghetto...We throwin up Sets...if it's Bougje...we doin the cupid shuffle
Very impressed by Bishop Gorman's Joey Gallo yesterday. I now understand why he is the top HS baseball prospect in the nation.
hearing - Male witnesses: 9 .. Female witness: 2 .. Witnesses for birth control: JUST ONE … It's an
creeks are so much fun! Thank goodness you have those to make up for the beach!
baby baby baby oh baby baby baby no
what about elway's rookie year? If you consider this tebow's "rookie" year.
it was bus just being a JT
Why no timeout especially if that's the shot you are going to get you have 2 left
Is it any wonder that C'ville is busy with weddings year round...this weather is amazing!!!!!
. . . and the Bulls poop the bed.
You think Konz will be for the Packers? I'd be ecstatic if that's the case.
hey. its what I like :) RT : Ah well. Lol. RT : ... I probably wont ever cast fems, probably all andro women.
guess what i am NOT doing? watching football
i didn't know it was gonna tweet all the stuff I liked it ain't pworn
Now that my e-session in DC is rescheduled, time to get a workout in!!
realworlders outside halo. not very glam.
Nickelback, Clear Channel and Live Nation Entertainment Offer a Chance of a Lifetime to Play “Blackjack With ...
A friend returned from her honeymoon to find the contents of her kitchen cabinets moved 1 cabinet to the left.
The things I could do if I just didn't get sick. Ever.
hahaha good luck with that
Thanks 4 coming. RT : for a great meal and the chef sampler...nice end to a busy week...
OH NO!!! The heat is starting to cool down. Go Dallas!!!!
Getting excited about the new CD and tour. Up The Wall, here I come!
I'm going to tell all 30 or so of you something that I feel strongly about. "tenderoni" is a ridiculous word.
Egad. Appreciating VG programming even more now that I'm mired in the complexities of what is probably the simplest version of it (Inform7).
Get #FollowMeConnorFranta to trend!
If you won't treat me right, don't be mad when someone else does.
Things hurt me now. My knees hurt, my back hurts. But your head still thinks it's twenty-three. ~ George Clooney
Content adaptation solution...investigated but not pursued at per
Wtf is going on?????
Awesome event last night put on by Thank you for your inspiring words and performance.
#Grammys Chris Martin is hotter than I thought!
Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Guion S. Bluford becomes 1st African American in space today, on space shuttle "Challenger".
Hey! Another Country song...and I don't even have to use the bathroom...
You want know my occupation? I get paid to rock the nation!
I don't want to be judgmental Bcuz I have friends that's been with fifty ppl..lol but their usually hoes.
#favmoviequote 'I'll have what she's having' When Harry met Sally'
trying to figure out this whole twitter thing
#onlyskinnyppl look like cris rock off of new jack city pookie
we should all aspire to be influential about cookies; glad you managed to achieve such greatness
lol yeah and the whole resurrection bit was also complicated
1st sign is how fast James Hardin healed after accidently hit him & SWEPT the
Thank you for following!
It's hoppin' out here at Vegas StrEATS tonight! Great weather and celebrating the 1st anniversary. Join us till 1am & SPRING forward at 2am.
We'd love to see pictures. Hope you enjoy a wonder-fuller life with your new Fatboys!
Can’t wait to take a Seaplane Flight or a Locks Cruise!
lol welcome to my life :-) RT : I like.... Talking weird.
Good morning tweeps! Doing a few minutes on the Spinner then must get serious! Tweet you later!!!
Thanks for the Twitter love, ! What part of town are you in?
we have to discuss the episode tomorrow !
God doesn’t make mistakes. When He created you, He also created a plan for your life. Accept it. Now say this aloud “God has a plan for me!”
As promised iv'e sent an unrehersed sample of next release'Negor Lindo Espana Blues' to Fan on my mailing list!Thankz
Have a team of 6 competitors leaving tomorrow morning for the State Collegiate DECA Competition! Wish us luck!
I have way to much on my mind to go to sleep right now
...is way more important than putting my findings online. IMO, just the latter = abdication of responsibility.
we poppin bottles like a scored the winning touchdown
My bracket is done. But at least I got to see a 15 seed beat a 2 seed.
Looking fwd to discussing counter-aggression therapy with staff behaviorist after returning from #nokill conference. New name, old method.
about what?? :P
“: I can't believe it's time for interleague...”
These commercial reshoots are starting to make me feel crazy.
#UhOh I'm gonna die!
RT : Can't thank you guys enough -- glad you liked it!
it's Terminator day.
I agree - something upbeat for summer! ??
A bit of that twisted duality that seems to surface repeatedly.
Thanks man!
Don't forget to tune in after the game for the Cupid vs. Youk Circle-of-Death match. I'll be officiating. With a bat.
where steelhouse used to be by barroom and saddleridge
Can't DM you - maybe you're not following? We're on for tomorrow!
Luggage is included with Southwest isn't it? Damn, I may need to re-pack!
Done! Happy Birthday Julie! Hope you have a great day (and it's Friday, so an even better night!)
“Remember that the best #relationship is one in which your love for each other exceeds your need for each other.”
Supporting my local, neighborhood bookstore: amazon.com
Inner freedom is not guided by our efforts; it comes from seeing what is true. ⁰— The Buddha
Thanks ! Today is shaping up to be beaut!
get pushed off a cliff, hit sharp rocks, and stop breathing slowly.
Your site is down!
we love seeing first dates at Té. Sometimes they'll be here for hours!!
#3WordsForYou Lets Go Rangers
i'm a boss, what can i say.
Finally catching up on my movies. True Grit last night & tonight may be a Black Swan kinda evening...
I know! I love that movie too. Owen Wilson
Raiders try to get a leg up on the competition
Today marks the 60th Anniversary of Administrative Assistant Professionals Day! Shoutout to
I thought you said purple hair..
That moment when you relize you like someone you can never have....
in 2012, do not forget to come to Uruguay
Is At&t one of them?
Just took a 4 hour nap. But it was with my valentine <3 #happyvalentine'sday
First day opening brew bar at Intelli Broadway! Come see me look terrified and ecstatic at the same time.
Can't wait to graduate from this school , so I don't EVER have to come back to a place were your judged & ppl hatin' on an everyday .
SUPERDRAFT's March Madness Festival is on! March 15 & 16 at Caesars to kick off the tourney. Details coming soon.
Brian thank you for your insights. You make a complicated subject sound simple. Crush the Competition
I'm tweeting you SO HARD RIGHT NOW.
kool, I spotted u right away.. your hard work is paying off
#DTLA, How many Coffee sleeves do you see in a day? Those sleeves can now have ur brand msg on them.
Don't worry, we'll make sure no thugs come your way! :)
it's cool he can swag out lol
It went so incredibly well--and I never say that about my singing. It was a very emotional night. So, so happy about it all.
wow! Too cool...thank you!
Thanks Big Daddy. Good day for the kid!
have i mentioned i love the NBA this year, it's like a rediscovery; #ChrisWebber is not the reason i'm an NBATV fan though, go
: Hubby says Pure Country is the best. He also thinks Grease2 is better than 1. Ocky! He has no taste!! #exceptinwomen ;)
Dad, that last tweet about clown porn was a joke. I don't even know what porn is!
Karin, Brian & I of #BakersWindow in #MarisonWI are dying to have you guys expand out here... There's an opening on State Street!
Join us 2nite for fashion show to benefit Military Families Program at 7pm. bit.ly/9il9PS hosted by
i bet tht guy is like the dude from joe dirt "it rubs the lotion its skin or it gets the hose again" tell me u know this right
“: It's a final from Irving, TX, Men's Basketball triumphant over Centre College (KY), 75-66."
Tanner playing with his little bitty tail >>>>
Thank you all for the support on adding my new promotional company page Purp Muzic Ent.!! Appreciate all the love and support!!
Fab Design Tip: Making a decision is powerful. Go with what you like not what you think that you should like.
The current twitter trends make me feel somewhat sorry for humanity.
As long as I don't get mugged. I don't know how well either of us can blend in, in the hood...
Wearing a skirt to school, watch out dimples here i come(; text me i miss you.... </3
Discovery is a great way to learn, they have fought for it
#AskJcCaylen Wish me a goodnight?.(:
The best part about Europe is _____________.
blah! saints girl >
there's some great Mexican food here in CLE! Enjoy your visit to our wonderful city!
"Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none." William Shakespeare, who died on this day in 1616.
oh dam
I can't stop listening to
It aint cold but it aint flip flop shorts n wife beater weather doe
Moving to my own place Milwaukee. I'd never move back to Madison if I could help it. Not that I don't love my friends like you!
Bah, twitter does not play nicely with our school network. Apologies for the double post.
Happy Poetry Month. And, yes.
#autism services
Loved my weekend with my Jaida Bee! Daddy loves you mamas!
hello there. :}
i believe i have your home number yup. and yeah i'm not touching the bos meeting.
You're welcome, !
Everythings better with music playing.
I can't even watch the #Brewers game anymore, ridiculous... 😠😒
Billion Dollar Idea: Child-Cancelling Headphones
i love how people say they hate someone but then talk to them ALL the time..:/ (and like their statuses)
Why does a 102-degree heat wave cause deaths in NYC but 108 is business as usual here in Vegas? Don't tell me it's the humidity.
Watching the heat gamee with
book a gdine experience!!!
Mr. Kriesel...just started reading your book...thank you for your service...you are a good man!
Dude at work is talking about getting his eyebrows plucked and waxed. I trim mine to keep them looking good, but waxing and plucking is gay!
Keith urban music ! That's what up
we're joining the dark side
In MINE or YOUR family. Questo e' vero...
Thanks amigos! You're genuinely one of the best bands in Memphis and we hope you continue to grow.
PLease follow! It would mean the world to me!
Karma is a bitch....jus sayin ;)
gotta tell ya, those are some sweet looking amps!
RT : I'm tired of the rain, so anyone who buys Brooklyn Museum Membership here through the wknd gets a free umbrella. Starting now!
hey yall, i have one extra 29th to trade for a 30th+cash/treats to balance the value, lmk if you're interested! 2 days!!!
Important to remember w/Council elections: just because you CAN vote for 34, doesn't mean you HAVE to. :)
Nothing is impossible! Stop drinking that haterade
Looking back on my facebook timeline I realize how much I have grown.
So, & I just got up & walked over to brunch and our comedy game is already on 100 trillion!
Got done early so taking a nap before I have to be on set for dream date.
What was wrong with it
is anybody bothering to ask if the Native American population is any better off under Obama? Their voice does count, doesn't it?
I'm gonna start a religion where everyone is required to spend Sunday in bed watching videos of helicopter crashes
since we just tore down that beef stew world famous chicken parmesean or make them from scratch pizza or just do the polar bear BBQ thing -
Used your program. It crashed - along with all the work. I filed a crash report. Can you tell me more information? Thanks
Spot on
yes! I am planning to do that :)
RT >Has large exercise ball in room >Now has overwhelming urge to paint it to look like a Yukkuri
. I'm one of your constituents, and I'm urging you to pass the American Jobs Act now to strengthen our economy.
Gotta love when you're soaking wet, you're lips cut open, and they still laugh.
I'm singing your yearbook!
Hey, #mw2012! I'm abt 2 graduate NYU with Masters in Visual Arts Administration & looking 4 a job. Anyone have an entry level job opening?!
A Shout-out to the wonderful Women's Studies graduate students at Ewha Womans University in Seoul. Thanks for spending time with me.
Simac, out campaigning, said she has gotten more thumbs up than middle fingers from drivers today.
I don't like 8 flahvas or however you spell their name -.-
it's been a tough week for sure!
Shake up the happiness!
Brandon teaches the fashion students words of the day
Every successful person has a painful story. But God will assure that every painful story has a successful ending!
God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And there was evening and there was morning, the first day.~Genesis 1:5
Every guy should own a pink button down shirt and pink tie. Looks amazing with a charcoal suit.
What about Huskers defense in 2010 and 2009? Huskers lead nation in scoring defense in 2009.
ahh ill end up going, but I procrastinate too much.
We specialize in Carpet Cleaning, Upholstery Cleaning, Drapery Cleaning, and Tile & grout cleaning, Water Damage Extraction and more.
Yeah. But you'll still love the city.
Awww thanks Fred!
Um.. No. I'm going with my friend #amy so
I feel the same way! I always wish that they were still in use... I think I was born in the wrong era :)
Hahaha RT ": Women love a man with confidence. Because without it, what's there to destroy..."
As a singer I keep on hearing about finding your own voice well I am finally finding my voice as a singer.
That's a tough one. Personally, I'd stay away from publishing it as non-fiction w/o explicit permission from friend.
Adventure Friday!
Would the Bandit Blonde be the Blonde Ale that I love soo much!?!?
We got you homie! Hit for links to other #Ravens fans in FL. Find us on Facebook...ATLRavens.
If you want the progress made over the last 4 yrs to continue, invite your friends to join this site and this movement.
the pics in the video were freaking me out tho haha
: I prayed for Bob Anderson as soon as I learned about his passing.
Funny how 2 years olds have a better life then me..
is a dumbfuck that needs to stfu and get back in little tank
desperate conditions in rural china. Unbelievable conditions & stress.
Fun fact about me is I've never read a Maurice Sendak book, nope not even that one, also this is a distressing fact about me
Sis's boyfriend going army soon, take care yeah (: Next time I'll be seeing him, BALD hiakhiakk.
What do you want to be when you grow up?
Justin makes us happy with every litte thing he does. He's always there for us and this means a lot to us. Kidrauhl owns our hearts forever.
that sucks... I ha work this morning
can not wait to usher in April. It will be a great month :D
So... If no one won tonight the lotto brought in $1.5 Billion and will bring in even more next drawing?? Wow.
I'll have to beg my mom!
thanks for the retweet!
um.... where have you been the last 1.5 years!
weird; they came in a shoe box.
Education is sharing, and sharing is caring.
Also, organizing consultation tomorrow. And commercial audition. All three career plates are spinning!
Doing great over here. We are busy keeping families strong! Hope you are all great as well.
Due to some technical problems we will be closed today for our morning shift. We will re-open at 6pm today. Thank you
hey guys, let's get a show going!
today was one of the best saturdays of my life. I love Cory and his family :)
Hey Ashley thanks for following, nice glasses
Thank you! We love too!
Happy to have you Jen! RT : I have been taken into the bosom of Cantata Singers. Awesome music, nice people, great conductor.
Not as warm today as highs will run about 10-12 degrees cooler than yesterday. Sunshine is still in the forecast though!
#What's Your Beatles #1? EVERY SINGLE BEATLES SONG.- (3)
then we all got bikes and followed.
Hope all is well in your world. Hope to get that way soon.
Im moving too! #packing in like a month! Follow back! i get a dancing monkey round at my house every morning:D #SUBWAY! ;) x
Picking the new Cubs closer is akin to appointing a new unicorn president.
Saving the best conference for last...jk...no really lol
COME BY THE LAB @ THE APT
You got it! Thanks for the request & stay tuned!
Not true, Schleicher. I just don't give in so easily, like the rest of you humans.
paper chase.
I smell a fashion show!
Is that anything like being hooked on the Fonz? {runs away snickering}
While most villains will make you dig your own grave, villains of the jazz age make you dig your own crazy scene.
"It was the longest game-winning play from scrimmage in the final minute of the fourth quarter in NFL history, according to the league."
THAT'S NOT FUNNY
Come Join Us for Lunch.
my questions not stupid sometimes i fall asleep with them n though
i'ma go smoke sum shit.
Gig confirmed for SXSW at East Avenue Lounge! Details to come soon....
You're right!
I apologize again to all who received a DM with a link from me. My account was hacked. Change your psw if you used it to view the link.
Sometime sooner or later, hopefully now & not later.
Can't wait! 2day is the day! Big statewide 20th Anniversary Gala at the Portland Art Museum tonight. It's going to be great!
we're still learning how to use it.
God I can't stand this fucking house!
Swamp People > Anything. is Legit and I love him.
3) As for scouts V stats: A blend is the only way to go, really. Information needs to be judged on it's merits, not source.
that was even better than I could have hoped!
He knows about that.
haha yeah I'm somewhat confused
All will be revealed in the fullness of time.
Congrats to the organization for another outstanding season. Thanks @ for the pbp and colour.
ok now that was funny, lmfao!!!!!!
Omg omg I can't. Ah
Mobile tech for meaningful use... yes we use 2 educated patients, put in orders after hours, etc
Did nothing last night. Probably spend the day cleaning today, I have a very exciting life.
going to the first set..long day but I can t wait for tonight!!
One thing after the other: Loved the new acting class and met the theatre venue owner. Excited.
Eating Cats usually help.
Quick change & it's on to the main event; Happy birthday Kassandra!
It's Always Some Stupid #thingsgirlswantboystodo Like...Tell Her Before You Cum...Girl I'm Soft Spoken!!!
IDK BUT YOU'RE WAY PRETTIER
Real takes la liga title! Niooooce
|~+-|| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
ITS 6PM BUT I STILL WANT A BLOODY MARY
U NOT HURTING ME JUSS HATING ME
When you call the person your talking to a different name. Ha my bad.
So it's 20 degress today and it's going to be 60 on Saturday. My wardrobe is confused and demands an explanation from Al Gore. Pronto.
So annoyed with this weather. Stay effin consistant!
So according to im RATCHET!...ahaha #Cool!
Nickk def. You're so pretty Lawd I want your face!!!
way to battle ! looking good in blue. go !
Dear Post Secret: I've cheated on my beautiful Belgian brews with that cheap tramp Miller Chill. Several times
#reasonstwitterisfun .... you can meet the most funny/interesting people randomly
you were awesome last night- look forward to next!
I hope any kids and I have inherit her sleeping ability. I sleep for crap, she sleeps at an Olympic level.
The one day I Have to sleep in, I wake up early.
no funn come snuggle
RT : It's 2 PM. I've done nothing today. awesome sunday in my book
Not really. Vegas = Adult playground, college vacation destination RT : you would think the same thing about LA
Still watching that storm for late week/end. Moisture return, timing, and a lid on the atmopshere to likely cut down on svr chances.
I took a few pics in Vancouver and that was the last time. I regretted doing it because I didn't remember what was happening.
my TL turned super up with all these Heat fans getting at these Laker fans...
The smell of lilacs in the morning remind me of Port St. Lucie.
Congratulations ! You have both won 2 Egg McMuffin Sandwiches! DM us your info!
Well, there ya go.
BIG day on the show. Kyle Orton, Steve Kerr, former Boston Globe writer Larry Tye and former Nuggets coach Bill Hanzlik. Tune in, AM 1510!
Now that I have you, I don't need anything else.
Jeter leads off with double off Arrieta.
Gotta love puns. RT Nice, with the subject line, "Cinco de Mayo: Not the same ole routine"
Giroux leads injury ridden Flyers past Canadiens With three key players unable to play, the Flyers stepped up in the second period to fly
Im doing good ! & I followed you be sure to follow back (:
morning Thomas have a perfect day <3(: just like you <333((((: please follow I'm league the states & heading back to Canada !!
i guess they expect women to be able to afford it cause people should be buying you drinks in it? *shrugs*
OH: "But who is going to drink all this booze?!"
Diversification of ideas to social problems can happen through multiple charities and not put it on the govt.!!
Are you watching this?! #GOPdebate RT : Rick Perry's solution for TSA: Lower wages. (No, for serious.)
Happy 1900th tweet! RT : rihanna nude
fascinating read. Burns' story is inspirational to anyone hustling in the film industry nowadays.
pass the thanks 2 the other prejudicial supers. Know u made me :-) a real hero.
Had a great time at House teams auditions So great to see and play with some familiar faces.
"plays violin"
#AlliWant: one direction.
i wonder if people actually care
Kinda bored.. What needs to get done
Wait, M's won 4-0? I thought they lost 4-0. I clearly watched the wrong game.
S/O Now Following=>
#Imagine Harry gets a flower, tracing the petals over your skin as you both lay on the grass together.
4th term! Congratulations to Mayor Coleman on a historic win.
hey, i just wanted to tell you.... hi! :D
Happy Birthday !!! Let's get a win tonight and then celebrate in Vegas!!!
Shots now 11. To zero in the period. Wtf is going on
Channing tatum has a saggy butt and it's really pale!!
Thanks for the heads up!
Hey guess what? FUCK YOU. goodnight xx
hopefully you can read through my totally shitty grammar.
RT : The new danger zone commercial sets the bar high, nice work
#kids Head for the Cure 5K - North Texas at Granite Park I, Sat, May 12 8:00a: Join us as we celebrate the lives & legacies of those...
lesbian or straight, its pretty simple
u think peeps go after him bc he always show up other players? If it was baseball he'd lead leagues in getting beaned.
John Bell Hood lost a leg and the use of an arm during the Civil War...bummer
Not setting an alarm? Priceless.
Not everyone looks good with plugs.
My new new web site: Thepoweroffilm/pages1
You feeling better?
sigh. it would make me happier if you wake up to it and reply. missing someone is crazy and no god. :'(
& i spent a super long time internet stalking people we know/sort of know tonight... & we're really damn good at it.
my baby girl :)
that feeling when you find exactly what you were missing.
Joe buddens twitching and blinking hella like he hit Da dipper before the show
Thanks for encouraging literacy! Poe is often a gateway author--can't wait to see you in the role (getting rained on?).
Thank you for the feedback, we're thrilled to hear it!
Thx 4 the Mention, Dean. So GREATLY appreciated.
Found this AWESOME free personal finance site today. Supposedly I'm a late adopter but for those who've never heard of it... www.mint.com
Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be
"This time, it's personable!"
Uh Oh, got the Ma duece (M-2) ready to rock!
on my way there soon for a big hop too!
RT : Did you know that the longest “tandem” bike was over 20 meters long and it seated 35 people?
Go follow my best friend She's badass!
Bringing a baby to class
I guess I'll just demo tonight.
Yeah stay off on Sunday the crazies ride the train.
Some haters make me wanna ..eat marshmellows.
Arrrrrggggghhhhh!!!! WHAT DID MY DOG ROLL IN???? Bath today...
I can just picture Alison barreling down on some poor, hapless ENEMY. DETERMINATION in her eyes.
im a sucker for my team colors on good models
Good morning Fitness World. today is the beginning of the rest of your life, make that lifestyle change to BE HEALTHY.. Loving Monday
Brunch until 3. Come try our house infused jalapeño vodka and grab a spot on our patio!
Thanks btw for the democratic senator. I'm certain your presence in the state made all the diff! miss ya!
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful moms out there! <3
Be sure to follow and tune into my Buddy, the BIGGEST name in Fox Valley radio (also live streaming)
Other than the fact he's a great wrestler...
Checkout Camille G Brown on ReverbNation
well, this was way before I was into genealogy, so it was likely schoolwork. who needs that anyway! LOL :-)
We'd love to have you Kel! Drop us a line at and we'll get you set up.
At the workshop Two Heads Are Better Than One: Successful Librarian Collaborations.
Poster at Mifflin & Fairchild: General strike means nobody & nothing works, In the event of scabbery, apply force.
wake up and live!
RT : Come on out tonight for DJ Night!!
We're very happy to announce that the Grumpy Troll Brewery will be returning to the fest in 2012. Got your tickets yet?
Kinder: “Bleeding Through: Layers of LA" = database narrative that emphasizes the process of selecting and remixing the archive
wish I could argue. Cubs,sox,hawks,bulls....fols
Hey McHenry County! We will be at BOWL HI LANES in HUNTLEY this FRDIAY NIGHT at 10pm! NO COVER!
the #GloryDays of filmmaking are ones like this: NOT on set, but making connections and doing the work
I love you.
So Cold out ;( just want to go to sleep by the fireplace!
Less than a month away from the WCG's!! Who is excited?? How have you all been training?
The ultimate goal of a more effective and efficient life is to provide you with enough time to enjoy some of it.
Just finished a map of foreclosures in Denver that will be reviewed by and in a meeting in Washington
reading our minds interface is coming sooner then we may be ready for, Google works on making search better 24/7
Hello! RT : Um, how have I only just discovered the University of Venus?!
Jones is 12 years younger than Silva will be the greatest ever!
So he made money cutting other people's jobs, whoopee, nothing to brag about, he SHOULD be ashamed but isn't that smart.
Just finished watching the series finale. Had no idea how emotional I would get. Awesome series. I'll miss it for sure! Thanks!
That sounds amazing but i'm not a historian, librarian, or post-doc :(. Still loving those world fair pics though!
Yo dawg, I heard you like Twitter, so I'm Tweeting while I'm sitting in a meeting about Twitter.
I can accept FAILURE but, I can not accept NOT TRYING.
Can't wait till school is over. Just wanna pass my algebra honors eoc and move on with my life. UGH
Fan fest just ended tickets still available at the door. The excitement is
Plugging away at it. I keep going off on tangents. How's it going for you?
Can't wait to see it
Yeah I said it mayne !!!
I vote for in the Shorty Awards Finals for #business because...
she was awesome! Saw her video work (done with ) at Digital Harbor High. Very impressive!
LIVING DA GOOD LIFE
Watching drug dealers work their magic. Oh Albuquerque, so magical.
Come on over to tonight for the #MischaMachez album release soirée!
"You should come 2 ICA's concert on November 15th because it's not every day that you see masked players performing," Carolina Gomez, cello.
Jordan Jefferson still can't get past midfield. Well there's always Lark Voorhies.
Don't talk to me in the morning unless its about sex, bacon, or more sleep!
Live music by the Galway Guild!
well we will have to partake.
Whats Good Richie Rich
Pret A Manger is so Gucci! Awww man that food was deeeeeelish!
I'm a sweet lil innocent girl. *adjusts halo*
100 years ago today, the #Titanic hit an iceberg and sunk... still hard to think about.
People seriously need to shut up about my tan lines.
Q: How much of a stigma is there amoung younger troops seeking mental health care?
Thanks for the follow, !
Good morning loves! :)
Anyone drinking on this fine Tuesday evening? If so, whatcha having?
“You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can’t have it.” –Robert Anthony
Working even when I'm on vacation. Just wrote another song strictly for the ladies called "She Got Me"
yah, I have the same problem in DK.
Seeing sad people make me sad..
Cant sleep thinking about plans for today
If we do all our chores now, can we go back to bed when we are done?
Support independent artists!
I know we have a hard time making it happen Law Library wide here at LC, but likely for wonky federal spending reasons
#CloudTriXs will be at #CloudExpo with #CloudBrokering info and #GRC send your booth number to see if we can partner sell or demo products
First step figure out what I really want..ok I'm already lost :s de pinga
It's back. They must have taken it down for some reason. Yeah, web apps can be frustrating that way.
Yes, I can't wait to meet you and see the Aztecs facilities! Jealous I missed !
no fascinating. I'm near the front.
he`s never left my side thru sickness or health
Ah, but you do!
glad i could be of service! haha
New phone! Finally. Seems to be working better already.
#USA-ANC Centenary Celebrations highlights the anti-apartheid struggle in #South Africa &celebrates other liberation movements in the world.
Thanks! We appreciate your support and always support the strides you are making in your community as well!
Can someone tell the Blackhawk helicopters to stop buzzing by my apartment window. It's 9pm.
Put TA back in
Mella and Reggie thought it would be funny to sneak out when I leave them outside for 1 min. And Reggie just wandered the streets of cinci.
Then he proceeded to sing some self-made mashup of Rihanna's "Birthday Cake" and "Umbrella." I didn't even know he knew those songs.
#WorstTimesToGetABoner Dressed up as santa and kids are sitting on your lap
"Liking Is for Cowards. Go for What Hurts" ~ Jonathan Franzen. Go for real relationships. Get value online, but then live it offline
thanks for the RT!
blaring thru my iPod. Great way to start my day.
#Realized I spend a lot of money on concerts....Fuck it, I love music too much.
but remember, if you're a belieber, Justin is always in your heart(;
I like it. Good advice that will be easy to act on. Thanks Jay!
you shouldn't be conversating on your own. you're too beautiful for that! lol
Ugly people always wanna start shit -.-
Headed Westbound To The Radio Station
Day of remembrance play authored by resident - St. Augustine Record
Oh good! Bought Rings of Saturn in a fit of optimism, in the early days of Austerlitz. Will read it now.
Im drunk n high at the same damn time
Raiders of the Lost keys
RT : WE ARE BEING EVICTED! WE ARE BEING EVICTED!
dope boy
most girls annoy me, to be honest. Maybe I should unsubscribe to them, but I'm usually not on Facebook enough to care. Lol
#Its2012WhyYouStill arranging your top 8 on Myspace?
Dinosaur aesthetics Chris Wildred.
Thanks for sharing!
Rondo fucked around and got a triple-double.
It is chilly in here...
No feelings just hoping for a better game than the last one. #Hoosiers are tough at home
Pearl officer injured in shooting dies
Do you have a puzzle piece but you don't know what the picture looks like? w/o the picture, it's just a funny-shaped piece of cardboard.
YOU'RE WELCOME😊
quietly favoriting this to stare at later.
I just hope that knows regardless of what happens, ill always be here. Always
Wow, never in the last 2 years has my Outlook inbox been under 10 #happymonday !!!
My moves on Draw Something are more embarassing than most drunk texts. #imbetterthanthis!
Never explain someone else's flaws out to them if your's are more apparent.
and im still lol omg u r hell
RT : Power Advice: Believe in yourself and in your ability to not only make a good decision, but to follow it through.
Just a small drink
Ha. "Failing Informatively" with Katniss Everdeen.
#thingsthatbotherme ...you. The end.
I watched the Rockies - Padres game for you. We're sorry, Padres won, sure it was an accident.
im coming home mom! Just entered into the laugh contest! time for annoyingness
Dad had to replace his E-40 greatest hits CD because "someone threw away my other copy!"
ugh thats just not even fair. She really needs to be voted off the show :)
No matter what you order from where, always ask for extra sauce. #AmIRight?
A musical version of the film EVER AFTER (which starred Drew Barrymore and Smash's Angelica Huston) will be coming to Broadway next season.
- kel, did i do that right? (i'd forgotten that my HC page is linked to twitter and linked in so . . .
welcome to the wonderful world of #apple 🍎
Ignoring twitter :)
now i remember why i was broke all last summer. $108 to fill up my tank every damn week. and its only gonna get worse. yayyyy!
ZICO athletes and Sean Scott are playing right now...Keep up the great work team! Show them the naturally powered way!
Sweet Juice
Last time I played a game like this, my computer could only do ASCII graphics. Now I am using a fancy graphic interface to make a map.
good night world :) xoxoxo
I swear there is more alcohol in my house than food..
What ya getting into today? Playing any ball? Coaching? Lifting?
Monster At the End Of This Book featuring Grover. Still have a copy so my kids will someday have the panic I did.
Gr8 keynote ! Avg of 5 devices for every person on earth and in 10 yrs, over 40% of Fortune 100s won't exist!
Guys, I made Makayla a Twitter. Follow her.
it's crazy that u spend $235k on a watch & I can't scrape together $1000 for a down payment on a car..not hatin, just sayin
Done trying super hard, gonna try plan and simple(:
As a designer, I work with the most complex use case first, and then slim it down.
why did jr not return? And why the run in the locker room? -a denver fan
And this is where I go to bed before 8 oclock. #tuckeredout #sluggosnuggletime I love my dog.
Happy Star Wars Day! May the fourth be with you.
don't cut my puppy, she's just a baby!!
Its another beautiful day here in Las Vegas, have a great day.
Walking down memory lane today; playing Creeper Lagoon, Sebadoh and Blinker The Star. Remember them?
Watching #simpsons and Lisa's social network #Springface. Heehee!
Do i really love him or am i addicted to the pain of wanting something i can't have?
1/2 Faith, I know we never knew each other, but I feel like i have. Your are and always will be an amazing girl! When i see
you have her now ?
Man wish i was back n lewis center so i could go to the dam
Summer Book Reading List (cont) 2. Toni Morrison's Home 3) Body and Soul
lame ass hell boy lol
Being broke is a bad habit.
Say Bro, i Juz listened to your songs, They go to hard and you speak some real ish, Imma fan already, keep doin wat u do bro.
Words can't contain my excitement!!'
“: Never mind, the judges need to go home. #idol #deandresucks” sounds like you dont know singing.. Seriously killed it
ever lay in bed and wonder what Amy Winehouse has been up to?
Commencing the program at School Library Journal Leadership Summit here in Arlington VA
yeah it's my second feature this week.
Cheeseburgers, mac salad and home fries - though I think the mayor skipped the mac salad.
I've been ready for some packers football!
It's gonna be a crazy week before Thanksgiving with all the cooking that's has to get done. I'm loving every minute of it.
having Guiness with your pal, Shamus
It's spring in Houston but hold on tight because it always rains and turns cold for the Rodeo trail riders....
Which shows do you enjoy watching on HBN? Drop us a comment! We would love to hear from you!
I wanna write a book where do I start?
Thanks for all the birthday wishes!
Ohh. So why are you going to Heritage? To be with Zach orr..?
wow. Beer at espnwws is cheaper than in Lakeland.
I keep 4get'n I have a FaceBook acct
It would really frame your face and bring out your eyes.
Another Saturday = another full day working in a coffee shop
Clear the ache of loneliness by feeling your connection to everyone.
dance voice and piano
#Houston bound to present a former teacher/mentor, now colleague and great friend with an award for alumni weekend.
"Always make new mistakes." - Esther Dyson
Rem Koolhaas: A Kind of Architect tonight! Do you think Rick Perry will pray for a breeze for us?
Great crowd at Business Wire's Meet the San Diego Media breakfast!
. assertion 2: digitization can help reveal, but more often obscures, important bibliographic & textual facts.
What an incredible day - I have to remember, even at 35, I still need to be mentored. Meaningful mentorship & education are keys to success.
Sure is beautiful weather in Austin, perfect day to visit the museum! Our current exhibition will only be up for a few more weeks!
That crawfish pasta I ate was the truth
The club I played at was all abuzz about their hometown girl!
*waving* just wanted to say Hello and Thanks!
oh thats good thank god no one got hurt too!
omg!!(: i was! I danced to the hoe down throw down!(: hehe RT?
how about: new audience = new paper = no guilt?
& me I'm chillin like always not givin a damn right now
My natural ability does not compare to His SUPERNATURAL ability. I can do ALL things thru Christ who strengthens me. Phil 4:13
Håkan Eriksson, CTO of Ericsson: By 2015, there will be 30x more data than voice transferred via mobile networks.
It's 5 o' clock somewhere! RT : It's okay to be drunk at 3pm right?
beer batter, dipped onion rings?
"It was a transformer in someones basement that was blocking the si-" "BUMBLEBEE?!?!" this is the car ride to school.
Mw3 And Music :D (y)
what's wrong?
Movers available at 4pm in Nassau County, 6pm Suffolk. 2 Trucks currently working in the city. Moving locally? - Save $50!!!
according to one source will be traded for a loaf of bread.
"Whoa, oh, oh oh oh oh"
tracy smashs painting over kenneth's head & jenna same with vase "we hav united in our dreams to kill keneth, now we fly!"
Ant and I have our last date before he starts work today. So, we're going to go rock-climbing in the CBD. I can't wait to try it out.
we can work something out!my fiance and I own our own studio/salon.We were featured in Ebony with Nicole Murphy &her daughters:)
carol of the bells by august burns red! god that is an all year around good song
Great picture :) Happy birthday to him! Hope you all have a fun day.
Shana Tova! What was the highlight of your holiday?
excuse me ms. "eat ice cream at 10:30 pm." :o
What an exciting game between #FSU and #STBU! Should be a great finish here, FSU in the lead by 3...
oh no! how come??? miss yooooouuuuu!
On my way to Louisville
Excellent! Down 40 lbs and I have more energy and stamina than ever before.
:O I forgot again while I was out :/
for sure!!!
I cannot express how much I support
Money Ova Bitchezzzz...I'm All About My Riches!!!!
Watching people snort adderall in the Library
SEVENTY7 PRODUCTIONS JUST WRAPPED A NATIONAL COMMERCIAL FOR QUICKEN LOANS WINNING THE J.D. POWER AND ASSOCIATES AWARD!
i sure do!
“: i never believed keke when she told us you could sing until i seen your youtube video kool-aid lol” :)
They all know her nigga lmao
haha if you're serious we'd totally be down but it'd be better to drive anyway with all our amps and stuff
“Save me, O God, for the waters have come up to my neck” -Psalm 69:1
My first, and only, bar fight was at a concert at "The Basement" in Kent, Ohio in 1995. RIP MCA Adam Yauch.
Early start to set up Service Desk Guru seminar in the City. 1 space left if you wld like to join us. 9-11am
wanna go see a movie with me????
What's going on in SEA-TOWN
RT : [The LORD says] "Forget the former things; do not dwell on the past. See, I am doing a new thing!" -Is 43:18-19
can a sister get a follow back?
Are you working today? Or just ripping blog posts? hah
Lmao RT : Kobe Bryant I love your game and all, but please tell us how 's ass taste.
I gotta whole lotta wonderin, goin thru my mind, y u wont be with me girl, can u plz tell me y? Its just crazy, its not my point of view...
baby i was born this way
Good to be back in b-lo
i need to be studying... instead i'm tweeting Zayn....
Only a few more days to enter the contests for Isotope tickets and the grill recipe contest. Get to clicking!
"...the arc of the moral universe is long but it bends toward justice"-Got an inspiring reminder tonight of how important & true this is...
Have a problem with any team that wins and slips. But Sooner fans don't fret - the AP poll isn't in the BCS formula!
Can't sleep
late night porno classic! rock on blake! oh wait shit your married come on man!
Any females/males available on Thursday and interested in shooting at a Church then please contact Liana at:
Urban and industrialization shift also helps control malaria in US
My 2yo is actually fighting with me over who gets to use the ipad. What have I created?!?
Oh Monday's how I hate you😠
Damn.. miss that guy lol
kinda shows how backwards things can get with prospects and expectations, not giving up on a big yr from Hoz just saying its interesting
Is that all of Dallas or just the Dallas Rangers (or is it Arlington Rangers, I can't remember)? RT I will fight you, Dallas
love your website and love Faith based films :)
Spring gardening classes March 4th and 18th! Knowledge, snacks and fun at 2pm. Pleasantfarms to register....
Yay!!!! I'm just finished my last exam with Penn Foster!!! :))))
#g2s blah, blah, blah ... Politicians pretending to be tech savvy inevitably veer to idiocy.
Happy Friday the 13th. Spooky! And it's 's birthday!
break legs!
*smirking wickedly* I'm more in-the-moment this morning, Ms. Walker. *Bending a leg, digging my heel into the mattress*
thanks to both of you for your idiotic, false, and unnecessarily deprecating tweets about Terrell Owens
Made this twitter just for !<3 So hit that follow button and lets support Brody!
Leave me alone I'm tired!!!
Community = Tribal heritage
Selling These Bull 10's After School
Edris.. Kevin ..tyrees made my night!!!
I am so sad that Davy Jones passed away today. He was my favorite Monkee.
If she thinks "Pete and Pete" are just two dudes with the same name
What shirt was #Russell #Westbrook wearing last night? Has to be ugliest shirt ever lol
Agreed. We find it numerous that they named it 'citizen's square' when they clearly didn't listen to the 'citizens'.
followed sweetie:)
Oops! Lilli (age 23 months) was trying to tell bubbles, but she yelled "BOOBIES"!
hahaha glad I made you laugh ;P
so excited to have lady macbeth's this cinco de mayo!!! such a wonderful drink! thanks larry for my special drink!!!
Jump first you will figure out how to land. Characteristics of successful business venturers and billion makers.
Time to run some errands.
I had the most amazing time at the NJISC!!! Thanks for all the love and support!!!
Simon knows when he is in time out. He is sitting in a corner with his head down.
#WW a writer worth following!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 271
Thanks for the heads up!
I'll be dancing and rolling around in gold paint tonight in GOLDSLAVE, a graffiti theatre event. 5209 wilshire. BAR opens 9pm. SHOW 10pm.
Mtg with award-winning school principal this a.m., our "walk & talk" was filmed. Thankfully, no one will recognize curly hair/no make-up ;)
I love Yu baby
HAVE SO MUCH FUN!
Juliet Simms is the bomb!!!!!!
Every comedian want to be a musician; every musician thinks they're funny
"Money can't buy happiness , but it can buy you the kind of misery you prefer".
I want to read the Hunger Pains ! It seems so funny. Lol
Yes, but what do I do when people start worrying about what I'm doing??
Anytime...that's what we #Spelmanites are here for. Class of '03
So, is Restless Leg Syndrome that thing where you really wanna kick people who sleep without issue? I'm in.
the one thing no guy wants to know.
oh ok dts nice
U guys are doing a wonderful job covering the rescues!!
I can't think of any other reason to keep talking about it ad nauseum when they have made very clear they give not a shit.
updating our article database lists.. wish i didn't open up this can of worms
you're the Michael Jordan of jazz radio.
everyone follow my bestfriend :D
#youcanttrust a big butt and a smile
Then we got OKC more than likely. We could go to the Finals 4real
Building or remodeling give a nationally recognized and award-winning remodeling firm based in Delavan, Wisconsin a call.
Finding a job isn't impossible for an ex-con. It's only harder. Life behind bars isn't fun either, so work your ass off at finding a job!
Look what dis girl done did to me she done cut off from A good good Love. #NP Can't Be Friends.
Hahaha you gotta love it...
I got Amy Winehouse last week : *
RT : . welcome to Utah for the Direct Selling Management Association. Thanks for coming and speaking to us...
lol another pathetic little girl thinking shes cool by insulting brilliant artists.... wow just wow....
Kelli= the greatest female I have in my life I love her more than pooping and oxygen she is the peanut butter to my fluff.
"Reason is the method of science; faith is the method of religion; logic is the attempted technique of philosophy."
on soundcloud, yes. Working on everywhere else as we speak.
it would be weird if you didn't. I'm so sorry.
Starting to get caught up and see the light @ the end of the tunnel :)
Largest, heaviest, most expensive EBay auction. Ever.
yeah, I made sure not to miss that!
Do you guys drink hot green tea? I am gonna try it today.
I love u broo
Omg there's a black wasp in my house):
1 guy missing football....
Thanks for following!
it is May 17th, 2012 and it is 11:06 P.M. well for me it is!!!!
Ten thousand hours is the magic number of greatness. Lots of practice. So, I am an expert for short selling stocks and markets.
Free promotion site url on my profile. . Please follow me! i'll follow back within 2 days :)
Where Seattle lost this is in the final game of reg. season at Chivas USA: Rosales should have never played.He could've unlocked RSL tonite.
Your gonna want this back.....
Thanks to all who came out the the reNEWBOLD launch and thanks to our partners for hosting!
Would enjoy Christmas lights year round.But then they would lose that "specialness"- let them remind us all, JESUS is the LIGHT OF THE WORLD
Thanks!! How's it feel to be a star??? xoxo
Multimedia content production is a generative process, a lot of checking in with all involved is important -Bluecadet Interactive
Sounds fun!
how exciting! Is your talk an open one... I know people who would be interested in attending!
it does suck but it has it moments and I'm newly single cause I caught my gf cheating on me
damn oomf's avi look like trey songs with a beat up face .
- The only "crazy" part is that the final playoff spot will be held by a team 5 games under .500. Pretty pathetic.
#Boehner looks like he's shooting eye daggers at the back of 's head
that's not nice.
If Your Mad At Me Or You Got Something Against Me Let Me Know, We Can Work It Out
Gets it--> RT : "AVI" could be a pseudo-scary M. Night Shyamalan movie that no one really understands.
Q2 I know everyone starts with teens, but we started with adults and it's been great.
Remember, if your job is customer satisfaction , your real job title is Problem-Solver - Brian Tracy
The moment of truth, guys! GO BUY SHATTER ME BY !!!
sounds like a plan to me. Positive/witty tweets are always welcome.
Good day everyone!!!!...
you're such an amazing inspiration! Tweet us if ya need motivation! XO
aka The Takeout Kings aka The Styrofoam Box Lords these idiots mad cuz we styling on em tee hee
hangin w/ my Auntie Corky for today :) juss left Jamie's school after havin lunch w/ her for her birthday
RT A year after Eminem made that Chrysler 200 ad, sales of the car are up 800%. Don Draper is smiling.
Sure! Love it when you guys are available! Worth every penny :)
Why isn't there a +1 button on Google Places pages?
The American Society of Hematology launches Blood journal app
Laugh hard it's a long way to the bank.
what time are you free today??
Backstreet boys are back in arizona! Boo-ya!
so I read #HungerGames in 2009 what's my next must read?
AP Econ party time!!
nope RONDO!
I just got a spam e-mail from 1969.
im so hungry i want clock out already
I know. What's up with the time change?
I had Trader Joe's spaghetti-o's. I'm about to have a kashi hot cereal chaser, along with Zero Vitamin Water.
hi punk
Goin home from work :D Juzz wanna go to bed
did u guys have fun!!
Just want you to want me..
Eating in Thai Town in La! <3
St. Louis Bound!
Derby Day, new Interstates track free.
How the hell did we end up like this ?
Yes so glad it's Friday. Gonna clean my room and then wait for Austins ustream.
. at : public sector #servicedesign SWOT: want to do good, "no" is safer, own the market, have limited control
Finally got my iPhone back from my BF he told me I had to kiss him to get it back lol! I love him! So whtz up people?;)
She said she will pay for my ticket to the zoo aww c':
Glad that I am not living on campus, especially after last nights riot...
The Mass Effect series might have the best voice cast ever.
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYBODY!!! STAY SAFE AND KEEP IT 100!! FRESH FOR 2012 AND TO MY GENERALS I LOVE YOU NIGGA TO THE END!!!
I did!
Interesting website. Thank you.
hahah I'm willing to try anything
I think I need a brand name, and where did you get it?
I think that apple should just make command line tools for iOS dev so we can use decent editors
“: "in sounds from the way out" is all I can muster right now. #RIPMCA” GREAT ALBUM
TU 4 helping my dream-create cherished memories and spiritual traditions www.holystable.com
Planning is in the works for the Cafe Bella Coffee outdoor Patio. Details to follow.
Having Only One Option Is Never An Option.
Official Walking Dead episode review: omg.
Who the hell is 2 Chainz??? I've never heard of him and Justin is obviously a fan of him. Awkward.
Bike ride on the Monon !
Looks good!
I highly recommend this class: RT Learn how to write an amazing Personal Essay and get it published w/ Taffy Brodesser-Akner
Zing, Boom, Tararrel! The Brewers are on their way!
Love the hashtag! Made us smile!
your welcome (:
So not in the mood right now
that's because 2012 is the year of "yes"
Good Morning! Ads are the cave art of the twentieth century. -Marshall McLuhan
well then you knew that so why you put a ?
is awesome! Thanks for yourfollow
Happy Thanksgiving from everyone at
Thanks for leaving me when I really needed you, because of you I have problems trusting someone new.
Straight up now tell me do you really wanna love me forever? <3
Unfortunately today we will be in the studio but all took time to wish out moms the best mothers day
The ruche! The ruche! The ruche is on fire!
This day is going by slow as fuck! I'm bout to take a early lunch lol
have no fear. Packer fans are safe.
MySpace is on the comeback... Good work, Timberlake & cronies...
thank you for being so caring and kind <3
can u send me info on #HR347? Plz..
Doing some final edits to descriptions for Globe Poster's etsy store. Will launch tomorrow. Get ready!
Nice first win #Caps!!!!
Oh my god.
MY MIXTAPE "REVELATION" PLAYLIST HAS BE SET!! ITS GONNA BE CRAZY!! ITS JUST THE BEGINNING BUT THE END OF THE OLD MIXTAPE DAYS
Keep calm and eat all the Doritos tacos
Like #interesting peeps? Then
Cong. Barney Frank on JPM losses: "goes counter to the bank’s narrative blaming excessive regulation for the woes of financial institutions"
You stay working out! Good for you! :) I'm trying to increase my fitness & it is HARD. Any tips?
Awewwwww RT : Man, I love my brother he got me here enjoying life....
Looking forward to meeting some people at #PackExpo 2010 Oct 31 - Nov 3! Maybe I'll stop and talk to you!
I put 's tweets as my statuses on facebook, everyone likes them, that's how amazing they are, they take the words outta my mouth!
I hate getting blood work done 😁💉
great seeing you and meeting your terrific colleagues.
Only people under the age of 65 with no walker, in the movie theatre.
I was not prepared for all the President's Day sales! Crap!
Aww you already down there ok? What bar you at? Lol
"Maybe that's some Hollywood magic" <21
Whoops. It appears I did.
lol, yeah man...my gmail isn't working like everyone else's apparently from all the tweets im seeing, blah!
guitar shop that specializes in tube amps. yes thank you.
get out of here.
Dying to live the story in my heart.
#WhyYouAlways trying to copy my swag.--When its TURNED ON!!!
The weather is perfect, wind stay away and let us play today!
k i did!
Poor Dirk trying his best to bring us back
It'd be nice if the good luck is contagious!
lol my bad it should say it now...does it?
It's a cautionary tale about what happens when you treat the NBA like it's an AAU tournament.
Tonight's writing session brought to you by "Wanted Dead Or Alive". Seriously. Thank you
Subway station violin guy playing "Peter & the Wolf" is a wonderfully Upper West way to start your morning.
We’ll handle the OOH #MediaBuying, while you strum the #GoogleDoodle. Unique #marketing #advertising ideas while you practice your licks!
World Peace on that WWE shit! Clothes line n I was waiting for the leg drop n to the 3 count
have a great tour!
#ArtFact: Sir Isaac #Newton developed the first circular diagram of colors also called the color wheel in 1666.
that's awesome what a fantastic memory
That awkward moment when you’ve already said, “What?” three times and still have no idea what the person said, so you just agree.
these decisions r wut makes life hard for men lol
Community space at the dome. Gathered together with #jhudc to discuss the wind and the architecture of the dome.
dat's rt....i feel ya but the circumstances made it how it is not neglect on me, nor do i feel any different about u.
Did you visit us at ? Check our Facebook to see if you are one of our lucky winners!
You're welcome, HON!
From the ones I've seen, yours are creepy though -_- RT Lol I get the same shit for my tats
So appropriate after this day! Lmao
It's also at Landmark Lanes... soon to be everywhere!<---- RT is Wolski's the only place it is currently available?
that video was great but also made me realize how much I miss and will miss watching them play... dayum
“: Packing for spring break? Don't forget the #Crocs!" NOT! I wear real gators and crocs not tourist gear!
OMG....the new activity column moves faster than the actual Twitter Timeline, LOL!
The Pound of Flesh column in my spreadsheet keeps converting to kilograms. Suggestions?
what's the big cheese?
emailed community 2 connect on twitter...marketing is the key..do one thing every day to move to desired space. www.itsartnotstuff.com peac3
just watched u guys..you both are hilarious. Make my day!
try Spain or Milan, Spanish and Italian boys do anything for the sistas
haha I am on a diet and miss my soda !!
Dual contract with Impact and Bellator FC. I'll believe it when i see it. but i do remember the Joe Warren cross-promo
that's great! what city? audrey's also serving in chicago with me. i like it. it's challenging but rewarding. you?
Happy Birthday Charlie :-)
is following me!!! Can't wait to be the butt of some wildly inappropriate jokes. Uh-huh,huh-huh, huh
These 13 yr old girls asked for a picture with
thanks! Happy new years
Haha you guys are crazy round here! :
thank you!!! 8]
President Obama spoke a lot of truth in tonights speech.
I didn't expect to hangout with someone tonight I never do l m a o
[Eph4:4+1Cor12:27]There is one Body/Church [1Cor12:27]We are the Body of Christ/Church [Rom12:5]We being many are one body in Christ - LoveU
I had Amazon replace mine & send replacemt 2 diff address when my screen broke day b4 trip from west 2 east coast. Give it a try.
I miss you too!!! Muah!!! Going back tonight.
Diz all I know!!
Hoax in the UK claiming McDonald's wouldn't serve people under age 18. Is it possible they're more gullible than the USA? Amazing!
thanks for sending me adorable Officer Oliver to write up my police report.
Studying: 1% I study. 99% Telling people I'm going to study.
now following spencer slow ass lol
I have SCaLE envy
Hey Your "Rocket Man" cover is incredible.
GonePsoriasis thanks for following me on Twitter!
hahaha! So glad I'm not alone in my confusion! I had to Google it to find out (some tv show?)
He who lends a book is an idiot. He who returns the book is more of an idiot. Arabic Proverb
Thanks for that!!! RT : Making delicious pizzas at
lol u hate for ESPN is gettn to Sip Bayless/ Lebron Hate levels
I got out of school before the seniors did and passed ALL my classes(:
Dumbo notoriously racist film--one of the reasons it doesn't get brought back much into theaters.
Had a great day with my lil man.
Me too, they from Texas ;D and yeah it is overplayed. I like "Step Up" and wish they could find a long term singer
for prom?!!
Spent two hours reading the morning papers, on paper. Sheer pleasure. Except all the news was depressing.
Many thanks!
I thought the same thing the other day lol
Can't wait to see Obama debate one of these clowns
Loving right now. Love a good rant every now and then, and I agree 100%.
AV guarantee... We remove your viruses & for an additional $100 we guarantee you won't get another in the next year or we fix it for free.
Usf down 3-0, not a bad showing tho as we've had a lot of good possession. Orlando fans and players can't keep it classy tho
Thx u friends/fans for support of my play w/Philip Baker Hall! Appreciate your kindness & thx for enjoying my show! newamericantheatre.com
happy bday ladies!
Kim, great to hear from you. Would appreciate getting together this week while in LA. What's the best way for us to connect?
it always is, never disappoints.
Don't tell the twit I got like three browsers on my phone!
Join Bank of Albuquerque for an Open House (informational session) on Thursday, January 26th at 3900 Vassar NE. 2 sessions – 11a-1p or 5p-7p
Wow, longest Sunday afternoon nap in a very long time!
Our care team can look into your issue. Pls message them w/ details. Thanks for choosing !
Found rocks in my Valencia Peanut Butter with Roasted Flaxseeds this morning.
Mark Martin still races. Same era as Labonte
Can't wait until summer
Playing Legos with 3 yo son. Just said 'good job mom, you're getting the hang of it'
Obama just F'ed himself. More so.
But until then ur a taco bell chalupa.
I try to #Follow back all my #followers!! Cuz I love 'em all! Sorry if I haven't followed..I'm getting there :)
Like, a tree is green, the sky is blue, firetrucks are red...objects.
Please tell me that was a fumble!! WWW again!!!
nd im weird
Q from via twitter for #TIN panel: how do u get public to participate in pub mtgs via twitter?
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body. - Joseph Addison
I'm 100% positive is the single greatest reporter/badass/human on the face of this earth.
I love teens and write about them. In novel, EVEREST OMG!, 2 boys, 2 girls climb Mt Everest as first all-teen expedition.
(bryan) Was able to get a 4 wheel drive rental to make it up to Sundance from SLC. Snow storm is supposed to hit anytime.
how can we get s tour of the facility as well
Why do doctors make you make an appointment if they are going to just move you into a tiny dungeon for 30 minutes to wait for them?
When was the last time they beat LA in a postseason series?! AW OK!
So tired but I will not sleep until I am blonde again!!
Good point. To me, 'reality' happens during the weekend when I enjoy time with family. Mondays are the 1st step back to reality.
omg yess!! lol we need to party!!! you now how to hang aha. text me so i have your number
Dear Boyfriend, Please don't stop playing w/ my hair & whispering in my ear when you think I'm asleep. It's the whole reason I pretend to be
Love vocal warm ups with Rodney Saulsberry!
Buzzed for the first time in ages...
Finally finished my homework and am turning it in. Goodnight.....actually good morning.
no doubt. but they must understand. But folks like Hammer and Jay-Z will be doing just that.
We all no right from wrong when that Lil voice inside is saying U shouldnt do it & you dont feel right about it U might wanna listen to it!!
Follow us on over to the #adaptivechat with , and
Today has been
Ok I thk its time to roll up n put some in the air.....:-)
Honor Roll swagger I keep it
great question. Let me look into it. ( any way to add custom code to a site?)
“: Carmelo Anthony playing BIG tonight.” uh-oh, Knicks fans... That means a sure loss for your team.
"In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure." Bill Cosby
From Lois Lane to Elle Woods:...
#FoxNews Americas Newsroom anchor just said "White House Speaker Boehner" & showed photo of t WH.
Hope to see you at the reading and get you more information! Thanks for posting to Facebook!
Prepping up the last few things for the MBA in Atlanta next week. Looking forward to meeting people face-to-face!
is making southwestern beef short ribs this weekend. who is coming to dinner?
Thats awesome! We really appreciate your business!
RT : #Scorpio will always keep it real with you. They couldn't be fake if they tried.<
John John Shane Frankie and I
How bout those #Rays?
Something about a man in black makes me want to buy a cadillac.
the were bruisers tonight.
So i got caught oops. lol no video this time. maybe next but i got plenty of pics and some video of others
#love&hate love watching the #masters , hate this blurred vision
Actsophia features include daily hard-to-find castings, relaxation exercise, playback to help learn lines, full industry directory and more!
Not near a t.v.? Watch me on KTLA.com starting @ 8 a.m. for all the latest Murray updates.
How can I practice this damn scene when I always have to run and do something for this lady.
Only took and hour and a half to labl all the videos D: Now to figure out how to edit this thing!
Who gives a twit?!?
Open today at 3. Good day for a beer. Super Bowl Party Feb 5. Crawfish,beer and a Giants win!!
I'm able to be on 360 an do social networking thanks to my NETGEAR router :-)
How are you???
As someone aspiring to transition from ID into UX, your WDX talk affirmed many of my thoughts re: my skill-set. I needed that. Thanks!
spending COLD TUES PM making butternut squash soup & listening to Celia Cruz's "Son Con GuaGuanco." Mi piace molto quella puttana sexy.
WHO WANTS TO HANGOUT?
A big thanks this morning to
nope!!! I wasted all my coins on buying you those diuretics. I was worried that you looked so bloated lately *batts eyes*
healthcare for all now!
I'll edit them this week for you jared
tough break
woo hoo thanks for sharing, Michelle!
When you're honest with me.
Sunday I shall be singing, "Morning has broken like the first morning . . ."
Note to self: hoping a child pushes through a long day at Disney means Day 2 = unpleasant.
follow me back pwease =]
if you're #inhighschool -
The Boyz are so much more attractive then the ones in my school lol
I know you are a ways away, but are you thinking of attending the comedy show this week?
#dlhq who had a better game 2 Kobe or LeBron? Who choked?
Hey , I'm writing about a fish taco blowout experience...reminds me of your burger blowout pet peeve...
Maybe its her big ass.. Or that great smile.. or her perfect eyebrows.. Oh I'm so envious. Hahahaha just fucking kidding. Bitch ugly af 
The bottom of the order really lacks intrigue when Inge is not playing
Hither the heroes and nymphs resort,To taste awhile the pleasures of a courtIn various talk th'instuctive hours they past,Who ga
or, that should be a question: "wanna go sit in Tenochtitlan & cry?"
no more Welker, now be Desean Jackson
yea u better kiss me back
#Cancer needs comfort @ home to succeed in business. Trust and confidences are hard to gain but once granted you have an ally for life
ok so why is #puppybowl and Animal Planet trending
I wonder why Elton John didn't wear one of his hats.
i heard tupac's killer was finally found
I'll be at work on the 30th, sure! Email me!
Jingle Bells by , in the same vein as that "Hello" video... We call them video ransom notes. :-)
Why the F is my 6 pound toy dog snoring like an man right now.! *light kick to the end of the bed* ah that's better
They cut my hair too short!! I guess :/
I am really glad that #Discovery is getting the attention it deserves today as it brought the space program back from two major disasters
S/O to for his directional skills..
hahaha, teach me, she must.
Working on a PRS Millenium Dragon replica!
Lloyd Christmas, Cole Trickle, Brett Maverick, J2D2, John McClain, Tony Stark, Andy Dufrane or ....McLovin
Cycle City Promotions will add the WOMEN'S Class back into our schedue for all summer events (The Tex-New Mex Series).......
#morefemalesshould make me a sandwich
Who Wonts A Text Because My Girl's Not Texxting Back /: ? LIKE (;
": hit with my laptop. <.< she needs to calm down :(" You needa calm down sir! >.<'
Meeting up with Tyga in Long Beach on May 24th. Cali here I come baybeeee!!
I still forget if Cincinnati has double N's or double T's.
Let's all agree to never use the phrase "gender roles" again.
Dame not you again.
thank you!!(:
Michigan baby
ha I'll never clean your sensors again
unauthorized game. i hope real wolves eat you all.
RT goddamn giants you can't expect to convert 3 fourth downs.
no tweets yet? cute dog!
ohmahlord. Your profile photo. Haha, definitely woke me up this early morning
Thanks :) too ♥
Remember when Manny did that phone commercial I thought it was adorable lol.
Thanks to our customers for scanning badges and delivering the product pitch to prospects at #RSAC! Speaks for itself.
Keep your head up and dont let the hater get you down
wanted to RT that to show you your New Glarus Spotted Cow was getting some love
thanks! Will do! Don't forget to check out www.StMongooseEnt.com!
Well I was just doing something for college so I wasn't even here ;) but she's off to bed so no stress! ♥
5/15-Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Mike Burton
