Very annoyed there's a hold up posting full ep video from last nights 2-hr #SweetHomeAlabama know at least one guy cries <-- makes me laugh
I eat so much I need to start eating healthy again
"I am an Optimist. It doesn't seem to much use being anything else" --'Book-An Enemy Called Average'
Read my TM
Thanks for the symphony!
Greatest challenge for women business leaders... Staffing.
happy early b-day! we love you!
four million followers! Nice video haha
I still have PTSD from that video.
Achilles injuries so freak and unfortunate. Already dreading backlash at Suggs by some b/c he was playing bball. Total freak thing, folks.
CHAPLIN, a new musical about the life of Charlie Chaplin, will open at the Barrymore Theatre on September 10. Previews begin August 21.
I'm in Strengths Finder training today watching some of your DVDs and getting so much from it!
It's been a week - the most excited for wine with tonight followed by some book club action (read: more wine).
help me get out of schoooolll!
Like us on Facebook and get free delivery on your first order for the meal plan of your choice.
Up early for Grease rehearsals! Long day coming up!
Im so bored! i wish i could get a follow from all the celebrities and non celebrities i want! :P
im so bored. asdfghjkl
heey(: follow me back?
Alanis Morissette iPod? Okay, let's ride! :)
Thank you, Obama. Let's keep moving forward.
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 8
amen. You are one of the best motivational pastors, amazing!
Tavern of the Game. Houston. Home to the Lesbian couple where Rock mistaked one for a guy. "Looks like that young man is locked in tonight"
What's everyone doing tonight for the anniversary of my first menstruation? Feb 9, 1991. Period Party!
shaving is happening today whether i like it or not.
#FingerTutting really hurts your hands after a while...
It's crazy how our body work, it's time I have faith that God will work wonders on me this after effect pain is no joke. 😢
best tweet I've read in a long time
Hey , how about a RT of our #pollen count? 3-27-12 Tree Pollen- 1,287 High(Pine, Oak) Mold Spore- 1,049 Low
How do we submit for distribution?
Chillin' w/ & her momma' watching tv!
I gotta feeling #today is goin to be a good day.
When one cup of coffee won't cut it, drink another.
It has all the rookies I have found so far.
haha, no reason to be, but I am pretty excited about the prospects...
: Thanks for the welcome! Yup, I'm caught up on #allrecipes chat. #slowcookers = great topic, esp. since it's raining in SanDiego
Missing my bb keyboard. Looking for the fat finger iPhone app.
More Homes 'Underwater' in Struggling Economy
im stuck in the house.. y not drink ?? lol
I was twerking in my dreams.
AH I miss her so much. Let's hang out not this weekend but the weekend after(:
nothing. goodnight, sweet dreams. take care.
Too Close for Comfort was Jim J Bullocks coming out story
GO FOLLOW ! SHE WILL FOLLOW BACK!.
A follow would be great?(:
how about the classic CU VS CAL that game was epic !
Thank you :)
People like the number two.
Last call #Hollywood Young Circle. 30 more minutes to enjoy #coolhaus tonite. Come, no run!
Watching the fire burn... With a 🍺 in hand...
Loving you has made my life so beautiful.......#Sike..!
RT Thoughts on D. Hobson of new mexico ??
where's the book signing?
#SouthAfrica continuing to market itself as a value for money destination to #American travelers in
When will I ever get around to typing up these reviews? *spanks hand*
Never understood what subtweet meant.
“: What's the point of a phone if you're not gonna answer it!!! ” #whatmydadALWAYSsays 
#HackedbyMamaMahone best trend ever
he puts up 20 every fourth game. name one all star that is that inconsistent
Beautiful Hello back at ya Melissa! How's your week going?
I'll say this for us: You don't see our shit on Maury.
Pop and Hip-hop music are really coming together. I love it.
Doing homework till i past out <
Yay!!! So glad you liked it!!
Be sure to always give the glory to god
It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul
Giants start training soon! FEAR THE BEARD!
If I tell my dad about what happened today, he'd be pissed at me for not breaking dudes jaw.
After reviewing 20 faculty CVs, I'm pretty confident that I could make a lot of money formatting their citations for them. So many
A series of unfortunate penises
Great legal update on the state of interactive marketing law by
yes come with me and !
u should. What bday events u got poppin and where?
I pity those who make up horrible stories about themselves just so they could grab other people's attention.
ha ha Houston/Austin/San Antonio mostly.
calm your fucking nuts
Research milestone: added 3,700 brand-related contacts to The List Online in August, pushed total # of contacts tied to a brand to 26,800
Follow my new account
Thanks for the follow ! Hope to see you at next week's event! For details/to RSVP, email
Was good my boy.. Ayo how can i get beatz to you.?
Darnnit! I forgot to bring 1Q84 to work with me. Now I can't read it at lunch :(
4 more days and the visa is mine
It always starts raining right before I have my 45 minute drive home. Thank you weather.
Skunk sprayed my dog and my whole house smells. Now I'm staying at my boyfriend's, but I can still smell it. :/
Sometimes you have to leave what you thought was good behind in order to have something great
"Work your butt off....There are no short cuts to hard work."
purchased #watchthethrone today..
After a year of working on I'm watching friends shoot & share What a great warm up for
I gave her to him bc she needed to be loved. When you come home next we will go steal her.
Love Rihanna.
I bet Derrick Rose hates seeing that Adidas commercial come on tv.
Sometimes I'm just like hey homie can I get a courtesy flush?
"Art without commerce is a hobby" - so says Haskell Wexler, making a personal appearance on KPFK to support their current pledge drive.
campaigns of note: Family Advocacy by & anti-smoking by McKee Walrick. both effective w emotional impace
Wave goodbye…to chances of catching a tsunami before it strikes. Support the Tsunami Watch early warning system
hey! You said we were going to russia!
My mom is going out of town for the weekend and I didn't even get to say bye to her and now I feel like crying loL
I bet the Santorum family is covered in tattoos.
Lucky yuuu !! :) well school is over basically, just have finals next week... & im single haha.. thats whats new
tweets brighten my day seriously:) he's one of my idols. Id be honored to meet him!
Y do we love love but Love seem to hate us...
"Hey, Aunt Kim, will you HELP me make pumpkin pies for art club tomorrow?" turned into Aunt Kim making pumpkin pies for art club tomorrow.
Thank you but not presently - perhaps in the summer...
i want to cuddle. right now.
I am so glad to see back on Twitter. You lively up the place Chris!
As you walk and eat and travel, be where you are. Otherwise you will miss most of your life. ~Buddha
Every time I get that feeling Bow there it go
i think i have poison ivy.
I know. I'm so bad at tweeting from the road. Need a phone with good camera!
Congrats, Jesse! DM us with your address and number. We can deliver them to you this week.
Touche. Very crowded and everyone complains about how expensive it is.
thanks for following
Starting my day off.
I'm fantastic....in a hotel room in sacramento at the moment...driving from seattle to phx lol
A man w/ rage issues becomes an Avenger. A woman w/ PMS is given tea and Xanax.
is a faggot with bad internet connections.
MAHOMIES GO AND FOLLOW SE IS TRYING TO GET TO 2,000 FOLLOWERS BY TODAY! AND SHE WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK IF YOU ASK!! GO GO GO!!
Want a #naturist special getaway $100 per night visit us
Wow, where on Long Island is THAT? My LI house certainly isn't like that. Enjoy!
How do you use service learning in your classes?
I'm so curious! Do you feel comfortable enough to be specific?
Amare Stoudemire with the "let him eat" motion after two beastly moves to the rack.
nvmm. Like month day year kinda date
do you think other people abbreviate fallopian tubes?
We're happy to work in either type of community! Have you noticed a preference for one or the other?
Well aren't we just two spoons of grumpy in a bowl full of bitchy this morning..
jus had cut
Just smile (:
WELL NOT ANYMORE, JOE. friggin blabbermouth.
Qualified traffic is great, but acquiring customers is far better
please follow me
I'm aiming right at you....
I'm going to new york on the 5th
hey shitter you still have to swim tomorrow. Ps bring me home some
#bertuzzi great goal!!!! Knew youd have it
the pack of course...
If you want to meet me tomorrow up there we can work it out then
did anyone care about the launch of bing.com?
Good night.
I know it's going to be a good day when I peel my clementine in one cohesive peel:)
Music is what keeps the oceans in motion! :)
MARCH MADNESS! Just f'd my bracket up...
#ThisSummerImTryna be fit y'all
Happiest birthday to !!!
DJ txt kickin off the night
Good show. Winding down w the fam. Truly blessed to have such a great group of people who support me and the Chase for my dreams.
Hi - I won't but I do feel bad for the pain. That's no fun. And I watched HTV today - WOW.
We have a daily lunch box special!
It is something I get paid to write about, though, so what else is there for me than to engage readers? I know it's trivial.
North Korea threatens to attack South Korea, US. www.tncnews.com
- There's lots of good Robyn, every record. :)
Hi! We have offices in the USA and Canada. Send form to the address in Tennessee. Taxes are extra. See you in Israel!
I want one direction to do a singing so badly here in Miami I hope they do I will do anything for that to happen!!
Peer reminder: if you float left, don't forget to clear (as needed)... have a great day!
Just checked that out! Pure mastery.
Always will
Then, church yesterday was fun. I got to celebrate this whole weekend with my mom and grandma. I wish Izzy was alive to see it though....
I really don't want to be allergic to work.
okay giving up. NOO,don't give up.
I prefer to think of him as a prequel.
DOWNLOAD ALL ABOUT THE STYLE NEW SONG FROM __DA PROJEKT___ DONT SLEEP NEW MUSIC AN ITS FREE YEP FREE
Today, i didnt care what my hair looked like.
Mill Creek mill creek or hookah bar Friday hm .?
I would aim for Young The Giant-awesome live
- Light and wireless, shoot to iPad or right to cloud. Live streaming from same gear. G3 w/ EyeFi may be the trick
Today in 1979, the South Beach Deco District was placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Uh oh ,seems to be a technical malfunction? Always warn the poor soul at the bottom of the column...
It makes no since for a man to rape a innocent woman when hoes are out here throwin they pussy all over the place -,-
The amount of TV I've watched in the past 24 hours is ridiculously unhealthy...
what are you still doing up man? I know you have queries to performance tune in the morning.
I don't know what I would have done without country music. Its just makes me happy! ;)
Bitch I’m the bomb like tick tick
#IRememberwhen I was in elementary school my teacher would give the class PizzaHut slips to get free pizza ☺
I'd be interested to know how you like ifttt. I'm trying to get control of my online life, too.
RT re-straint (noun): not opening the #ipad box I received because it's meant to be a Christmas gift for the whole family.
Were you on the guest list? The list was full, so a bunch of ppl who showed up hoping to get in got turned away.
I was trying to protect my credit card from shock. But I have to figure out alternatives quickly
aww man I needed to laugh dis weekened too I guess lajaun will do
it a beautiful rumble in nyc thursdays at tavern on the green. click models host our event today 6pm-1am...
agreed. Good game, at least you admit your inferiority.
When u win u trendset. shld b rocken that nxt yr!RT : Can't wait to see her outfit for the Finals
even when a individual is hurt on the inside ..., still be kind and it will pay off one day!!!`
hello world
Glad you find those BookScan Stations helpful !
#20ThingsAboutMe I live in new york
i need more followers..but i aint stressin it cuz the ones i got are beasts
Thank you for bein an inspiration to me to not give up my dream(: you're the most amazing actress in the world God bless!(:
maybe Cody wearing a defeat the label sweatshirt or something?
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had no idea how addicting it'd be.
You know you're a redneck when, you take a load to the dump and you come back with more than you took!
Doesn't hurt it at all. Possibly helps.
Bigger & Better things Teondre Better & Bigger things 👍
Happy #CincodeMayo, #Vegas!
Side note.. Can we force Maya to join Twitter?
YOU'RE RIGHT UNDERGROUND MUSIC IS REAL MUSIC INSTEAD OF THAT MAINSTREAM TRASH.
If you're willing to try one more Mexican restaurant in Ohio, consider this note an invitation.
wat does ur workout consist of....
My life would be so boring if I knew what I was doing.
Round as a apple, shape like a pear, split in the middle and covered with hair! What is it?
Thanks for hosting our meeting today. Wonderful to visit your space, as usual!
I'm downtown @ the Hard Rock, about to interview John Cho, AKA Harold of Harold & Kumar.
Either something awesome has to happen or else I'm hittin' the sack
You guys, Veep is the most awkward show ever. But so funny.
Who was it? Somebody in the group? What are their initials?
Another great article
I have so much to do, but that's a good thing!
wasn't swag....lol! Just nice peeps ;)
Boys That Smell Good>>>>>>>
Also, you kids make magic happen out there, yeah? Pics or GTFO.
I fall for you more and more every day, is that a good sign when your dating another girl?
Aurora's three-day-a-week watering restrictions start, May 1. Watering must occur after 6 p.m. and before 10 a.m.
Hammerheads Game @ 3
you know it dude. Interesting folks
A 5th grader just told me she enjoys the , I feel good there is still hope in our young people.
i miss you already!
Tear tear tear
I log on after a month to see Baltimore ppl seriously comparing to Orioles dot com pro Os writer? All time low CC:
"THEY GON' LEARN TODAY!!!!"-KEVIN HART
Snack Sabra Classic Hummus W/ Pretzel Crisps, Poland Springs Water
You're the only person I know who consumes more caffeine than I do.
I'd like2 thank all my awesome followers for the support ,recognition, love, and graditude, It does not go unappreciated. power to the peeps
RT : Remember, tomorrow is our 5k, limb drive and jersey auction at The Brick in
Conversation hour with Johannes Britz, Interim Provost and V. Chancellor--positive comments about internationalization of UWM!
A man passed me today riding an old-timey bicycle...as in 1870s old-timey. It was extremely peculiar/awesome. Related note: I love Denver.
oh yeah. that's a gorgeous stadium
Never regret falling in love, cuz it was every bit worth it. Trust me:)<3
YOU are amazing! I'm so very happy that you came back with me. I'm glad I get to see the beautiful face everyday.I love you <3
#Libra MB guy of the day: Prodigy
n00b notes on oil #painting #2. Plein air? Tone canvass to match! Blue gradient sky & tan land fits most vistas.
Come in today for our NEWEST Creation: Cookie Cakes. Our signature buttercream icing between Oatmeal or Chocolate Chip cookies. So Yummy!
Left even more confused
Well, Today was great! c: Got my sheet music for show choir auditions c: so excited! ;D i'm gonna make it I have faith in myself!
Prediction: The iPad3 will be long, thin, and worn around your neck like a slap bracelet.
she hit me all the timee
Today is my 6 month anniversary with my boyfriend:-)
Dragged myself out of Target. Left with nothing. I rule. Or something.
wish i cudhang out wit u!!!lol
you definitely can. Lol!
Cards take Michael Floyd.
Tip #173: The scary thing about love is that it has the power to make you extremely happy one day and rip your heart out the next.
WHERE ARE YOU. YOU ARE NOT RESPONDING
Truth RT : . you are a phenom. No other way around it.
If only MKE created new jobs and better schools as efficiently as it issued "wrong side of street" parking tickets on the 1st of the month!
Transcendentalism. Just thoreauing that out there.
Take us to the front of the line. Why yes I will.
It's staring to snow!
good thing our division sucks
Oh Kate Nash, who wronged you so bad!?
Take your dumb ass self somewhere with all that bull shit
be encouraged I'm sending love your way!!!!!!!!!!!!!! be healed Josh
Who is victor cruz?
Where did this comeback come from?
Thanks for the bday wishes! You're my favorite lady date accomplice too! :) See you soon!
We're out of toilet paper. Do you mind if we use your movie?
every day i always see a beliebers dream come true...when is mine gonna come true? all i want is a follloww:)
this compliment is too big not to pass on! Baltazar Just said u look like Sophia Vergara :)
I'd tell you to stop by the site and look at our Actor One Sheets, but you're probably all at "The Avengers."
what did you DO?
I just had a good spot in the school parkinglot…then i saw who car it was by && kept driving
Thx ..ill be at #thebox sat n sun! RT : At the game keeping 's seat warm for him
Slept my hangover away.. I feel great now! Like i could run a fucking marathon!
Thanks. I'll pass that along to the team. We program it exclusively for you. Didn't you know that? :) cc:
A run to the beach and a walk on the beach and hopefully I don't run into anymore pissy people who think they own the beach.
nice dance moves! :)
At the end of her story, 10:00 news? Man, pretty sure I was paying attention. Oh well. Apologies to Piaskowski :)
Surgery in an hour. Wish me luck!
I just don't know what it is.
Let's get up next week...
Yes we do lmao! RT : I got people for that remember? ;b
that was THE best episode! Always love a good makeover especially with the hard to find more natural products
please RT or write back to me... that would mean the world to me :D i love you so much you are one of my fav country singers!
Pedro's double finally plated the Bucs' 100th run on the season. By far the last team to reach 100. And yet, 17-18.
this is twitter. Should've said "corpulent," but had 140 characters to describe a fat, bald cop.
I'm shamed by knowing what app this is and having only ever used it twice.
Porsche Design Driver&#39;s Selection Debuts Speed of Sports Collection
Hello! What's up, man?
hahaha I love you
Had a great meeting with last night for the Mentor Program! Mentee application is also now extended!
You can have a try. #OnlyOnce: if you screw up, then Farewell.
My mom is draining me printing this whole Whitney Houston obituary out
": gets award for best city drunk driver haha"lol I swear I deserve it. I was fuckin sleepy and recked.
Tell me who did I leave behind ? #Club paradise
That's funny. I was at The Dunes when that tip showed up.
Thanks Dave!
Laughing! I'm still in ATL. I took the picture when I was home for Christmas.
Can not believe the #Duke comeback. Need to remember this come March Madness time.
I can make my Money Flip, And ion have no Degree...
re:duracloud, putting uncompressed video on drives to send to AWS is a pain (and probably not worth it).
oh thank you!!
I can already tell this is going to be a very fun fanbase to be in lol
I believe it,and I love the state of WV! Travel it often just to see the roads and the lifestyle,the scenery&people r real.
What if what you thought was real, isn't real and what you think doesn't exists is the only real thing around you?
Life is the thing--the song of life-- The eager plow, the thirsty knife! CONRAD AIKEN, "Youth Imperturbable"
Id have to go with the wright brothers
yes then I will fight Matt
Lmao! I was about to tweet that xP
sup twitter and ya boy to skype for live artist feed. skype id: jamalballard
Sleeping at tha to nightmares of tha bottom
#FollowFriday - Thanks for the #FF mentions, & ! Check them out, give them a follow!
Look up the name Purp and see who really put it on the map. I'm kinda known around the world for this music
Clearly, they asking for 12 minutes of stand-up.
which are the best cruises?
I just wanted to check in with u and see if we're good for May 17th 8pm-9pm for the education discussion??
Longview Police say bicyclist shot in the butt by a passing car Wednesday was struck by a pellet, not a bullet as orignially thought.
sure...writes for 5 minutes, walks around for 30...
i wish quick had a fancier mask
My eyes still burn -__-
I wish I was in Ny with u
Join the music revolution!
Peace up, A TOWN DOWN!
Q2. A new dawn to guerilla marketing, but there are positives
Do [not] watch science channel stories about the size of the universe. [#inferioritycomplex]
Cool. They don't disappoint. Ordering online?
not sure #Bigsister's problem is as much with memory as with eyesight. See no evil... You know, that sort of thing.
Those don't match the stats that I just made up right now. RT : Fans aren't stupid...O's attendance down 44% in last decade.
OMG!!!! PLEASE LEARN HOW TO USE THE INTERNET!!!!!!!!!!
Filthy alley-oop from Leonard to Thomas. Dayummmmmmm!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🌹
ok cool what store u going to and what time u gonna be there??
continues to wave foul balls fair... with his mind.
Crazy videos! Cheap beer! Rock and roll! Til 4 am!
At the end of #SomethingBorrowed it says "To be continued.." Im zoned
may the odds be ever in our favor everyone else. # apushproblems
Yeah I'm the blonde
What I do best is share my enthusiasm. -Bill Gates
Some guys really do care! I love that! :)
RT : Do more of what makes you happy.
I always fear that the ceiling fan blades are going to fly off and kill me at any moment while I'm sleeping. Real talk.
Our #AgileUX Meetup with and is tonight at 6pm! If you can make it to , this is not to be missed!
chancing the sun with chasing the sun stuck on repeat.
Can u believe in this economy peeps still have $$ for $180 Air Jordans and are willing to fight 4 them? Like Mike needs ur money!
Had a conversation with Joe Pantoliano(Matrix, Sopranos, Bad Boys 2) about the business earlier. You never know who you could befriend.
As usual, #Brewers have shifted the Miller Park roof to force the pitcher's mound into the shadows.
I do my thing under the watchful Eye of God.
I found some schnapps. Yes.
Right back at u ;)
WALK THAN TALK THAT
They better close this out in OT
Omo! so Excited about this! <3 im really adore Miss A. i love their songs SO MMMUUUUCCCCCHHHHH!!!!!! but my favorite song is Goo....
Just can't get use to the lizards in the south!
Northeast Health System has accepted the recommendation to affiliate w/ to form Lahey Health System
You're making me hungry! RT Spring has arrived which means it’s time for fresh #veggies. Give this #healthy #recipe a try!
Best series ever: 578
I'm the kinda girl who prefers a tasty burrito from & a nice IPA from on Valentine's Day. See you tonight!!
Going today to #miami to work on the new #hotlife line & reprint some classics that everyones been asking for. Sink or Swim. Hoodies. Hoot!
UPDATE: is recording a new Acoustic EP w/ a few of your favorites from 'Picture Perfect' & a brand new song!
I love my defective dog.
thank you
Almost autumn! That means mid 2 late Sept we'll start cranking out Halloween haunts and hints for finding the best scarefests!
already following :)
Joel Bishop: SHRM research says only ~1/3 employees satisfied with amount of recognition.
I seem supér gay but I'm actually just gay on occasions you can't tell.
James Loney is a complete moron
We want to let everyone know that was our first ever follower last year!! Thanks for supporting us, drop us a line sometime:)
Just registered for the 2012 LIVESTRONG Austin Marathon! Don't forget to wear yellow this Sunday 10//2 #livestrongday cc
So glad you're coming to Salsa Scream October 27-October 30 - it is going to be the hottest salsa halloween party around!
Why is it when I'm sick I can't sleep?
Boys #1 lies: Girl:Baby do i look fat? Boy:no, you look sexy babe. Girl:LIAR!!! you didnt even look at me!
Well im happy you've met them multiple times<3
Ok what the hell man? You makin me laugh.
If You Vote for Me I'll Blow You.
is in the park.
what are you talking about I have a girl you must be dating my brothers
Its better to look towards the future and prepare then to look back and regret not pursuing what might have been
I'm looking for some new #freelance opportunities: #writing, #editing, #marketing, #socialmedia. If you have any leads, please let me know!
Does Karl Fisch (great example and original flipped classroom teacher) use Khan Academy videos?
omg I know. LOL
It's pumpkin chunkin time
go clean your pool 😉👍🏊
When you're younger you want an older woman, when you're older you want a younger woman the thing about that some have 2 many miles on them?
but when you have a nightmare it happens in the middle of the night so that nothing interrupts the nightmare & when u wake up it stil night
Wow...someone sent it to me....good looking out. Deleted.
Head over to www.Facebook.com/goodluckjane to get a FREE download of 's song "Sugar Rush"
THAT LOOKS DELICIOUS. Being landlocked sucks sometimes ):
U bet
no bike lanes now, but maybe a cycletrack next year
If you are in social media marketing you can add mobile marketing to your services for free and create an extra income stream for yourself
thanks for your comments!
Finally saw #HungerGames today. Really have to see Jennifer Lawrence in another role to appreciate what she does w/this one.Visual coolness.
in #cincinnati tonight at music hall!
your welcome.
has the last 7 PTA for the #Spurs as the lead by 20 early 4th qtr
= Sexy Australian #AngelsAndGentleman = AMAZING Paradise = going to be the BEST ALBUM EVER!! #WTPT= best tour yet ;)
"I can't wait to get whatever Kobe Has!" - Everyone on the Lakers and Nuggets
I just had a short dream that I was on da Oprah Show, and she sd (In My Oprah voice) U Get a Car, U Get a Car!! Then I woke up
RT "Show announcement: Next Thursday (Nov. 10th) we will be playing our first show at the Cannery Ballroom in Nashville, TN."
... OK did Bill Clinton drop in or was it a Brinks Truck?
We are happy you're here! :-)
Dr Jenn rocks. Best teacher ever.
#Vaccines are another #scientific invisibility problem. - Shawn Lawrence Otto at
It's 103 degrees out?! Yikes. Not looking forward to melting on my walk home.
say "I won a math debate" really fast LMFAO!!
I LOVE how everyone, no matter if you have ever talked or not, just acts like a family here (: The boys have cause amazing things.
What a day this has been.
Have landed at LAX
- Memphis Got Some Hating Mu'fukkas!
tell me when you get home please.
Your Faces (; is all I CAN Think Of ...lol but Hows Prom Shopping?
if RNG doesn't make it, i think ill actually cry
Laurie Allen proposes session on suites of Omeka/Wordpress/etc. themes for institutions to get people off the ground quickly.
TONIGHT! Live at The Hamilton in DC! Show starts :30pm. Get your tickets in advance or at the door.
I'm surprised #Chill isn't already Trending! My timeline is FULL Of #Chill #Chill #Chill !!
I finally got my easter candy!
Invest in one another. Your community is only as strong as it's weakest link
Hey, what's happening? This is my first tweet on September 18th 2011 at 12:18 pm! Follow Me and maybe ill Follow You! Thanks so much
good morning I love you 💗
8 and 6 I think, you were pretty close.
RT: #Virgo personality is a strong, almost volcanic sexuality that can lie hidden and dormant for years until the right partne ...
Cinderella Ate My Daughter by now in paperback. Hoping it becomes 2012's most popular #beachread this summer.
I'll say it again, college is NOT a good idea for everyone. Have a focus 1st and don't make it something broad.
are you having a good day so far? Please tell me yes or I'll be sad
70 to 80% of learning is informal.
DJ Grimm back at Yogies tonight
Talked wit mama last nite. Its funny....as great of a job as she did raising 4 boys alone, she still 2nd guesses herself.
There in 03 when the A's took 2 from the Sox in ALDS. Fans let us know who'd won. We *were* kinda obnoxious so I don't blame 'em.
eh. I like to play them just not watch them
exactly, it's rough. Working out with that much milk in your stomach is rough. Only for a month though!
VOC Tip: Perfection is non-existent. Stop trying to be perfect because you never will be. That is probably what is stressing you out now.
Must say I can't find one song I dislike on your #Trespassing. Even the bonus tracks are stellar. impressed w your songwriting.
Ha! Or ha.
Someone on Amazon needs to buy my books already. It's never taken this long before -___-
If today was perfect there would be no need for tomorrow. ~ unknown
THOSE PARENTS THAT STRAPPED THEIR KIDS TO THE ROOF OF THE CAR WERE RESIDENTS OF ALLEN COUNTY JUST LIKE THE WITZIGREUTERs. 😳
Good Burger > xD
This RT : I have yet to come across a single compelling argument in defense of opposition to marriage equality.
thanks for following us! Check out our design blog and forum at www.wearelux.com
im always here for yiu((:
is doing such a great job ad-libbing over live photos of a horse being rescued from a septic tank!
Season's greetings from the Art+ Team
good hearing from you! Are you on FB? I'm teaching an Am Indian lit class in the fall and I have a FB group for the class.
Just got a call from corporate office, issue has been fixed, thx Expedia Twitter team for helping out, issue resolved! :)
Lol. It's funny because he can't even get drunk
despite pricey tickets walked out of fiddler on the roof last weekend at intermission.ps had great time in your tourney today
tucker sends furry hugs & kisses for a speedy recovery. feel better!
I'm pretty sure ' body temp is atleast 10 degrees lower than mine at all times.
Also, too - Vernon County? Get with the damn program.
Just heard won a National Addy on
Ok...so....make that third
I am determined to get and to follow me... anyone wanna help??? Pretty please?
BRAND NEW TOUR! Be among the first to take the Victorian Tour, Crown Hill,10/8, 5:30 www.crownhillhf.org
Are you two at your houses?
Guffaw. As they trip>pavement. Can't wait to stop a Google glasses wearer on the street & ask him if the sun is shining.
Thanks for saying that! Shucklez is a great player and great guy! He always has a positive attitude!
there's really not... it's disappointing
I've been on wordpress very often. Oh boy. I guess I like writing more than 140 letters.Tingly fingers...carpal tunnel.
yeah, that sounds about right. campus is always trying to take your $. :) ah, the business of education.
Need people to play in 10-16 team ($25-$50) fantasyleague in Denver area. Draft will be Saturday or Sunday.Need 9-15 people.Send Direct Msg
With the contempt towards how it is produced. All they care about is milking money out of clients and giving them what they want; PART
I will be there, too!
A is for April, Awesome, Affordable and Altruistic! GSA is working hard on many events this month for your enjoyment. All we need is you!
Having a great day working at home
Today a statute of Rosa Parks now stands next to Mother Teresa's statute @ Washington Natl Cathedral. What a wonderful honor she deserves.
Do U want us to post UR U-Swirl pictures on our social media? Email any pictures U have to & we will put them up ASAP!
When your ex likes one of your comments on fb is so funny. Nosey bitches.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. Aristotle
shame on you.
Cant Sleep !
thanks, was going to mention that the 1st link didn't work.
“If you wanna do something, go for it. You’ve got nothing to lose.” -Louis
Today we learned that our ladies could afford living in tin roof homes! They moved out of thatched huts for the first time in their lives!
I like Alec Baldwin.
Many thanks for the RT! I enjoy following your prolific and insightful work, whether in your own words, or via links to others'.
is true that you need a demo reel to meet with an agent or manager?
#rulesoftwitter 1. If you're not following , there's no reason to have one.
When cleaning headstones with D2, start from the bottom. Seems backwards, but it's true!
I'm not sure I would consider it awake per se... -____- ugh
Good morning :-)
Importance of sharing stories .... Facebook Marketing webinar with Dave Kerpen
Baby tonight I'm yours.
Know your Worth!!!!
Great to hear! What are you writing about?
just got outta school lol hby?
Very glad the picture was a rainbow...not a choked up cheezeit.
I call him Savage cause he lives that savage life..u know, go to work, come home..&thug the rest of the night....lol
Thanks Dallas! And Happy Belated Birthday! I asked all about you when Beth did my hair on Saturday.
Cool visuals [✔], popular actress in teen demo [✔], hunky guy [✔], iconic source material [✔], legit actress in villain mode [✔]
I'm sorry but they are and you know it lol
Hey Obama; Your 2008 'Hope and Change" crowd is currently walking the streets UNEMPLOYED!! Many able bodied Americans UNEMPLOYED!!
How did you like last night's episode of #MadMen? Megan's mom is a ho!
will begin 11/19, 9 to12, at City Center. Parking in their garage, Rangeline at City Center Dr.
I love you is a phrase that is used too. Boys Those words hurt when you don't mean them but its because you probably just want something
Why Change Fails Reason #11: A Belief That You Can Force Them to do It. Short answer: no you can't.
Eat plants. Be sunshine. “: You are, what your food eats.”
Did #Nussbaum or #Sen come up at all?
I have no idea what's bothering me.. But something is.
Dear GSON, Fuck you and your lazily parsed numbers. Love, Colin
Oncee again.. I hate valentines day.. Single again/: what r singles supposed to do on this holiday??/:
#Elvis is in the house!
the new blasting trough the speakers at work. Siked! kills it once again!
Full and sleepy but im good.Sorry to hear about ur cold,are you takin somethin 4 it?
I DID
Thats too funcy Ms. Star ... the things we do to stay gorgeous.
Cinnamon Toast Crunch for dinner.
I mean, really, shouldn't every single day be Earth Day?
From Parenthood?!
#Hindenburg tour entering the vault area of #fireiceexhibit where crash mail and #Titanic mail is displayed.
aw congrats! ^_^ when's the wedding?
Face Off on Syfy! Love this show! I wanna be on it!
Hey its ok , I too averaged 1.4ppg my senior year. But then again, I'm not an evil, soul-less, nimwitted sell-out.
They went to a ball park, where men - who tend to act like men - play a stupid game for a lot of money
Jigga would be a fool to drop Rihanna #BadBusinessMove we jus gone hv to act like we get along
I just got this as feedback about the online catalog: Conjugate Duality in Convex Optimization.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 59F LIGHT RAIN
Happy B-day! Enjoy it, life is to short not too.
yeah you are totally right, she's being a bit "snarky" ha! I guess we would expect nothing less from ol'Veronica!
thanks click! Can't wait to see what you're serving up :)
And there's space for the "e!"
not a problem.
"...Job descriptions don't belong on your resume; accomplishments do..." via
From a CR listener: "Awesome music selections; great job! I have a special needs daughter that loves it, also. :-) Many thanks!" Nice, huh?
My girlfriends have suckered me into reading "50 Shades of Grey". Oy vey.
um... I can't figure out how to use this thing!!!!!!!!
Just realized that thanks to iTunes, I haven't bought a CD since 2006.
Happy endings are just stories that haven't finished yet
R E T W E E T IF YOU THINK 's WHITE SLIPPERS ARE SWAAG<3
“Self-esteem means knowing you are the dream.” - Oprah Winfrey
Mix in some Moss vs TO too! RT : Manning, Lin, Manning, Lin, Manning, Lin...baseball can't come soon enough!
always something going on!! Bday party tonight... Charity event tomorrow w/ Melissa.
fuck no u better squeeze that pussy tight & leave nuffin to waste ho!!
Melo with the Miss !
Great news. What is the price per bottle?
we dont really get any variation in US from ESPN. Most likely its Darke/Macca we hear. Robson is spot on.
When I watch Republicans debate my brain hurts because I always feel like such an inferior intellect and I have trouble following.
I will say your name in the Temple of the Moon.
Hey buddy! Merry Christmas! :)
Go Spurs Go!
Awesome. Too bad we didn't see you. We had such a blast :) Until halftime. LOL.
yes it is :) but the picture isnt actually real, my friend photoshopped niall into it :D
do you love this shit? are you high right now? do you ever get nervous?
Ugh couldn't go got me fckkn mad.!
The Orlando Magic are hosting the Philadelphia 76ers tonight at the Amway Center. Call us now to get your game tickets: 888-493-0004
An advertising agency is 85 percent confusion and 15 percent commission. Fred Allen
oh yea i forgot all bout #FF and #TGIF but never of my #TFB and MY
“: The halftime entertainment >>>>”bahahahahahahahahaha
Does anyone understand Acrobat licensing? Is *any* PDF form limited to 500 views or 500 submissions or just Reader Extended forms?
Did he really say that? “: Stay a #Nets fan, Avery said. We have a lot of good free agents that may or may not join us in Brooklyn
Inspired by your gimmebar page. I'll share progress if I get anywhere. You're welcome to join, , 8pm.
The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell. - Andrew Carnegie
Will you be in Houston for Strobist and McNally?
I hope so!
Back to square one! "I can't drink whiskey like I used to back then, that's for sure." - Bach
Thank you! We are so glad you enjoyed your dinner. We always love to hear from our happy customers. Hope to see you soon!
going over my notes from DLF, ELUNA and OR for a "trends update" tomorrow. yikes, lotta notes
i can see that your in love with catss :} ahaha
Where are you going in Costa Rica?
presser going on right now officer involved shooting by Laurelhurst Park listen live FM News 101
Are you doing a Latin bit in your LA shows? I like your Latin bits. Especially since I do my Latin with your voice in my head.
Maybe Bulls should of had MLK day off....
Then you would loose your amazing basketball skills
No Longer Minnows will offer "live twitter" coverage of Japan vs USA this Sunday at 6:00 am eastern! Follow
Coyotes fans complaining about playoff suspensions? After 15 years, they're officially a Phoenix team.
Yes, it is very good. Listening to audio version while late-night jogging on NC beach.
you need too! He actually wrote it for his mom so it's really specific but it's still sweet!
man I got the voice of an angel !
Assistant Director for Congressional Relations - The Hill
if we're going to be lunching when you're on the hill...i have three words for you: SUIT UP SON!
was about to write how he was broken by #sfit last night but then, bent and sore, he put his feet to the floor.
haha I wanted to reply "but I'm perfectly good at it". :-P
Well.. Today didn't start out that great. Hopeful that it gets better.
sitting in my parked car sunroof open listening to Indie seat reclined gazing out at the stars I wish were visible.
#SportingKC will win tonight. In case you are wondering.
thanks, you too <3 :)
I hope so - stay tuned!
#ArabLeague pledges to provide all forms of political and material support to #Syria Revolution against #Assad regime.
proud of it too!
I hope you didn't think I was talkin bout you or something...
UFC on Fox!
Shoe guy is horrid!
We are about 90,000 years away from when we might consider calling Yellowstone overdue for another caldera-forming eruption.
I'm playing at the Saxon Pub @ the Austin-Bergstrom International Airport today at 2:00 PM. Across from Gate 5. Stop by!
I feel badly I just said something not positive about #wegmans!
Contraband wins the weekend box office with 24.1 million - outperforrming expections. Beauty and the beast 3D wows with 18.5 million
That "i wonder who there posting about moment?" o_O
umm, I've read all of them..
ikr!!!! i got tweet limit on for tweeting #wewantromo so much!! and its not even trending!
call him out on it.
": Plants love shit"
I gota a swolen glance inside my neck underneath on the side of my chin. Ouch it hurts so bad.
Down in Naples Fla - just watched clients and crush some serious meat. Gettin ready.
Gaby subtweets me all the time
you are correct and ironically the person behind more accurately fits the bill.
Somebody alert Guinness: There's a 900-pound Cardinal, and it's jumping all over the #Brewers backs.
let's Do these bumbs go CANES!
I love (my Spongebob buddy) :))) <33
Oy. I asked the salesgal 47 times "Are you sure I don't look like a doofus in these jeans???"
It's possible, you should swing on by :)
Baby anti-monkey butt.
Actually..the toilets are quite scary!
I hope to live long enough to see a horse do a standing back flip.
Coolest pants I,ve worn all year aand just realized a good 2 or 3 square inches of scrotum is cleary visible from certain angles.
getting a ride from to ORD. Off to California.
I've been in Europe & Tuscany for March.I get back next week,sorry I missed your call. very interested!
When im still such a kid that no matter what, pokémon will always make me feel better>>>>
Start my new job on the 15th of May.
Congrats to fellow member on their 1st round NCAA Tourney win over UMHB. Best wishes against Whitworth tomorrow!
ahahhaha i love it!
Script for theatre, ugh.
hooray Boston
Feeling so good today. High-five the person next to you and tell 'em it's from me.
Senior Systems Engineer position w/ SCCM | SCOM at iVision - Atlanta -Resumes to
The #Sixers are hosting the Atlanta Hawks at the Wells Fargo Center tonight. Get tickets for this thrilling game: 888-493-0004
Happy Mothers's day all!!
Wow! I had no idea there were so many anthropologists and archaeologists on Twitter. I don't feel so lonely anymore :)
Today is Mother's day & my wedding anniversary. I was cooking breakfast for our family. After three pancake flips, my wife took spatula.
Thanks, I apparently missed that announcement.
text me when you get up ;)
hahahaha I know that's funny shit there lol DM me real quick I got an idea
Tears are healing.
Thanks for supporting our med students in their efforts to raise money for and ! See you this Thurs!
there is no such thing as "concussion preventing helmets and mouthpieces." Perhaps lessen or reduce but not prevent.
indeed. thanks for the follow. hope you like our site. follow us on facebook.
I'll be in the back of Caldwell's truck with the inflatable pool and Hercules.
While you're too busy for her another guy is making time for her
lol youll have to convince him
MPN is all things Clamshell. Sales, Service, Training, Parts, Safety, Consulting.....
RT : #Audacity - word may bring up negative thoughts. However Look it up & apply it to ur Christian Walk read
but to get out and make those power move, and power connections so that we can do some power & positive things.
Watching Joy Behar interview Eva Longoria. Two very intelligent women.
On the one hand, you have the voicemail-adverse mumblers who (what's the less scary word for) stalk cohorts. "Call me at ext. yada ..."
Happy mothers day! I love you mommy and Mae! 💜💜💜💜
orders already processed today at Kt8 from what I'm told
Orlando Hudson is leading the league in triples with 4. Cameron Maybin is right behind with 3!
Solo lift
is a rare romantic. He not only buys me flowers, he takes me on proper dates.
It's like Sister Harriet said: Ida freed many more if only they had realized they were slaves!
what!!! That'd be nuts. Let me know if that's for real and I'll hook you up!
HIM: Came home early bro..just landed. I have to get some stuff done during day today but can meet up w u earlier if u want..let me know...
He's already complaining because I haven't let him out of his box yet. (Need new shelving first.)
Lol im listening to kiss me through the phone in study hall. And wondering why I ever listened to this song before.
Going to Europe next month it looks like...
Distance learning is perfect for working adults. At Janus University we cater to students with busy lives!
Not yet!
I miss
our only advice would be this… Don’t burn down your apartment and don’t spit into the wind…
Dos Equis Special Amber just $ 2 a bottle today. Find out why the most intriguing and interesting folks favor this beer
Oh roasted. ": That'll be their lead story. RT Channel 5 news van window busted"
Fantasy Baseball Deep League Waiver Wire Pickups, Week 5 Pitchers
Librarians from Montana? Where are you at #sla2009?
he said he ain't get no call. U got the right one
Amazon wish list LOL
The #Pacers are a good young team. Bird has gone a great job putting this team together. Nice to see them competing hard vs. the
Yes, you know you can't just do one :) Must Improve.... What's next for you?
Save #Ferris! Fav ad so far.
Two officers accused of killing an unarmed, mentally ill homeless man appeared in court today. 1 not guilty plea and 1 no contest
Hahaha, what??? ;) Thanks!
High School Teachers, email me about student matinees at .
appreciate it homie
I understand you're busy, but you're missing Goku's birthday week.
I sit here and wonder if you'll ever understand just how much of me belongs to you" <3 A.G
there's this one guy I like that they haven't showed who's a single father
I'm going to be in Butler in a minute, I'm going to stop by and say hello to you and if you're around!
Head. exploding. from so much. queer and trans. hotness.
u would like to take me to bed wouldnt you #whore 0:)
Seafair is gonna suck this year
Advice! Why is (great Read It Later's new incarnation) asking to asses my "data on all websites"?
Welcome everyone to the Parenting 2.0 tweetchat: Parenting healthy children in the digital world. Who's here?
We also love to have musicians play in stores- talk to us about playing an acoustic set for
So yes everyone, Mr. kneeled down & held my hand 2nite!!! I'm GONE! I can die now lol :)
ummh, nap time?
absolutely! Let's do it!
Same here. As a long time Braves fan I loved his time in ATL. Even more so now.
make sweet live to Justin boober
That's awesome! What are you favorite songs from Miranda?
I'm McGee'ked for tonight's #Nuggets and #Lakers game.
well on this job search somethin serious... where are the fun summer jobs?
Good morning. Did you send me a direct message? If not, your account may have been hacked. It says "This you?" w/ a link
RT if you love
I can't believe Junior Seau found dead. This is a sad day. RIP Junior Seau.
maybe the new activity feature will show me how much i need a life
She Ain't the type dat be runnin her mouth.... So I keep it Gangsta wit her let her come to da house Yeeaaah
You're awesome bro!!
MT : Kenneth lonergan's stunning masterpiece "Margaret" should have won every acting Oscar in 2011, plus best picture.
don't drink the water! It has bacteria.
Do you live in CA? We're playing a couple shows in NorCal this week & next. Lemme know!
I agree, Damon isn't that piece we need to contend. Rather play reimold all season and see what we really have
I may or may not be on the brink of one or two phone interviews; however, one thing is sure. I have to go get groceries and cook supper.
already knew what matters is the beauty you have inside
Loving on podcasts. Great info on #paleo and the #paleodiet. Makes my trip in the car fly by!
RT : Streaming Mad Men on Can't do that on an airplane.
that adds up to 125%
Pressure Brady
haha actually I randomly scored this 360 degree camera for an iPhone that we can all play with at work. right place, right time!
Go you! Happy Friday!
Can you think of any people in #DC who deserve a #documentary made about them? Let's here them!
Follow me on Instagram . :)
Getting ready for my panel - Refocusing Search Strategy with a Performance Lens...
You miss 100% of the shots you never take." - Wayne Gretzky
And we're off! Region 1C is on our way to the PJAS State Competition at Penn State! Plus, our bus has Wi-Fi! Score!
: say u will come to Disney World in August
Also, ask the candidates what they will do to end corporate and special interest lobbying in Congress.
where at jerk
I know. but then...then I would be unaware of what idiocy is rampant in our profession. forewarned is forearmed.
Right...and I wouldn't sleep on the Lakers just yet either. Not a Kobe fan at all though.
i love tanning:)
Willem Dafoe? Hm. I think I'd watch Last Temptation 3 times and SpiderMan twice before trying to sit through The Loveless again.
*sigh* Have we all given up on this song ever being played? :\
Sometimes I just think about how I have 2 more years of high school and I he pissed 😔
Outstanding rehearsal last nite!!! Really coming together. Happy to be working with fun and smart group of people. Come see the show!
After resting through a 100 million years we've at last opened our eyes on an opulent planet, bountiful with life.
4 difference makers and how to become better, faster... goo.gl/Ohnoa
Don't leave something good to see if you can find better, because once you realize you had the best, the best found better
In honor of tomorrow's concert here in #ATL, we have coined "Cinco de Ingrid" - SO excited to see her play live again!
Just found a document describing the 's 2005 technology project ArtXplore. Wow! We've certainly come a long way.
Before goes on, lets all wonder why her boss left out the back door instead of saying something himself?
Strand Events Today: Rock Concert - Nuff Said w/ Special Guest the Dead VanZandts - 7:30pm
FEAR THE KREMLING. COUSIN OF KRAMPUS
yeah, I think we've all had enough of all 3.
Sorry Southwest but yall are about to get your asses kicked. We aren't ready for this season to be over
I need this weekend!
The prompt when you hit "Update" on Facebook says "What's on your mind?" Right now it is a baseball cap that says "Security" DUH.
#ROTFL ==>You Shouldn't Go Thru Your "Significant Others" Phone, Facebook or Twitter.... **You Mite See Something That Makes You Insecure**
“: Last day of freshman year! So feisty! So saucy! So delicious!! #yummy #summerbaby...almost” My best friend >>>>>
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement. Brian Tracy
ok so if i get there towards the end of 1st then ill just go in you class, you guys have subs all the time anyways right ?
Hybridan&#39;s Small Cap Wrap
ALERT: & Jim Mora are neighbors. Who is going to start the TP war?
Me and will see you there!
YEAH SO WATVHA BEEN UP TO
sstsensing: Uses of oxygen and carbon-dioxide sensors
Like we care what they think.. because we'll be seeing them there as well (judge not, lest ye be judged...)
you did it! You found the best cup of coffee!
I just wanna run
I love Science Olympiad
#skydiving anyone ?
So 5:00 is really early. But it's airport time...
not gonna sleep tonite. i already know.
Mother's Day gift from my 4yo: and electricity science kit from Radio Shack! Thoughtfullness with a bit of self-interest. We'll do together!
thank you i will heed your advice
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
Thanks as always! RT : Another great #SommChat with thanks
Lmfao! RT : I think it would be cheaper to just buy stamps and mail my car back and forth to school
Wisdom of :"what are you doing when you gop poopy wih the window open and the mother fucking spiders are crawling in the cracks"
Thanks for following
Are you a #cambridge #nonprofit? You should apply for beneficiary $$ @ Taste of Cambridge! We have copy of the app, DM if you're interested
I hope Pelosi does retire!
No problem!
Was watching NYC marathon and realized it's been a year since my last quality run. So I went for a run. Result: I'm old.
Yeah, I know. I remember you from Facebook.
: Russell Wilson has POISE. DAMNIT!!!!
Wow. My daughter is such a beautiful little miracle. ive never been so in love. :)
Just talked cyclops donuts, Luigi's & The Spot burgers w/ my mom for an hour. She visiting my hometown, eating all the good foods. Hungry.
That would be
My bad!!
Finally get to play ball today after three months
RT : Sunday, Jan. 2 is the last day to catch the Torn From Home exhibition at LDCM. Happy New Year! (closed Sat. Jan. 1)
get out the tide! #Badgers are on fire!
Wow I like how $10 magically disappear from my wallet &its my fault -.-
Thank you so much to all of our friends that made it out to our show last night.. we had a BLAST! New videos coming soon.
Being so tired that you have no idea what you're even saying anymore.
The groundwork of all happiness is good health. Give us a call 619.222.0119.
Anyone know why there are a bunch of people wandering around Seattle wearing bunny costumes?
See you guys tomorrow morning at 7am at Santa Monica beach! Spread the word!
Yu aint bout it bout it
When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too /via
im pretty sure you meant you your such a complicated bitch
Tonight the south has drawn their line in the sand and decided that they will repeat history and deny minority rights, remember what happens
Best part of that game was 's tweets!
Watching deathly hallows part 2 again. Voldemort:AKDHAKDFHDKADABRA! Also starring as neville longbottom..accidental rapist.
Today has been 👌👌 love my family!
take a walk or just roam around in the room
I know that situation well.
iight let's do it y'all got my cell phone number right?
Love the #Bruins and #Celtics but is there really anything other than the #Patriots to eat, sleep, and think about right now?
derrick if that's all you wanna talk about how he could be on something then don't watch it.
omg #socialmedia and
#LittleThingsThatMakeMeMad seeing upside down crosses all over tumblr.
I'm going to Buenos Aires at the end of this month for the annual Psychoanalysis congress. Can anyone help with housing, know the city well?
I think it's b/c it's their job to cover it - so when they weren't it was new WE the people had to cover.
you bet! Thanks for being ridiculous! (In the best of ways)
What's the fascination with wearing high socks with sandals?
We just got Fucito (ex-Sounders) from Montreal! Can't join for clasico, but it will be a good one. See you 2morrow Nicola! :-)
Prepaid phone card fraud: Of 141 cards tested by FTC 139 failed to deliver on minutes promised. FTC can go after distributors not telecom.
Sonesta Begins Operations in Hilton Head Island
Many thanks from #mcahs for talking with us this morning! My Ss wish we could do 'this type of school' all day long
Since it's Friday the 13th I feel like I should watch a scary movie. Any suggestions?
Like I'm fixna roll up while my food cooks..again.
At miller park. Out my fucking mind
I used to have a serious bread habit, but now I don't even miss it
really??? Wired!
Thanks for the RTs! , ,
> we look forward to meeting you at the SOLD OUT ... happy new year !!
Not really looking forward to working at 7am tomorrow..
Jesus is Mighty to Save! Love this song! :D
Eunsong tracing the interesting delineations of labor, attribution, curation...along with on corporate branding
What will you do with this extra day in February???
like! where'd you get that tee?
We r discounting all our things at the GSU FASHION SHOW APRIL 7th @ 7pm
Relive #cmafest right NOW on abc!! Ahh blake shelton, my fave JOSH TURNER, lady a, sugarland, keith urban, zbb, the band perry, etc etc!!!!!
Im goin ta sleep goodnite twitter
Been seeing lots of new fans on facebook and followers on Twitter, so thank you all, keep it up we really appreciate it!
lol of course!! I saw you and was next to you when we were eating but didn't know if you remembered me lol
I dont understand why people on the 4,5,6 have difficulty getting on and off the train. Why do they start pushing like savages? Really?!?
No worries man. Excited to hear it! Talk to you soon!
Does your computer look like you just took it for a hike up a dusty mountain? Let us help! Sorry, we don't do shoe shines though. ^jl
We just wanted to say thank YOU!!!!
quadfest, CJ's.... hurry up old woman
RT : registration at early bird rate ends May 15!
Be always ours this day and for evermore." - Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!
Spent all Sunday cooking an elaborate brunch for friends, and therefore could use another weekend, please.
thats mos def a sign that you go to much man, oh well starbucks is the shit!
I found out after school !!! I'm so happpppyyyy . I went in his room and he told us :)
'12 elections should b like #DWTS #SYTYCD #Idol Cattle-call auditions, Vote post debates narrates/hands out roses
Well Said!
This page got hacked unfollow it and follow my new page for a quick followback
Keep your tires well inflated to increase mileage and reduce the need for refueling. Help us build a Clean Air Community
O wow lol ": #7: I love it wen a guy take control =)"
Will be in seville later this week. Any restaurant recommendations for me?
tickets purchased! You bet!
Stay in your own bedroom. It's really that simple.
RT : NICE PIECE: How Pulitzer-winning writer moved Trayvon Martin story from margins to mainstream | Poynter.:...
I am proud to say my R rep was one of the 19 no votes on Ryan's Randian budget today. #IsThereHope?
I wanna take a ride on your disco stick!
awww my bf is so damn cute :) love you too!and make a twitter
So, Mayor Ford won't attend the gay pride march --- what does he attend, like the openings of new box stores?
umm son please!!!!
I THINK SO TOO LMFAO I HATE knowing a guy gets his eyebrows done
dane cook<3
Im working Sexton. Off We'll Work something Out lady!
Ah, Venexiana. Always a bit Russian hooker, a bit Cinderella. A few standout pieces: houndstooth for eveningwear-love!!! Fishtail hems-yay!
What will you be serving at your superbowl party?
I have a question I want you to answer, how did you and meet? oh and would you mind following me?
New #SecretLife on right now!
Did Santorum just call Mubarak "our friend"?
Curses! First you take my Starbuck's Mayorship, now Raley's! Grrrr. MUST....NOT....LET.....IT ...GO! :)
One does not become bitter with old age, one just decides it is no longer worth holding in all the bitterness and just lets it all out
forget everything from hs already? lol
If you don't like her, then don't even bother wasting your breath. Cause she's going to believe everything you say to her.
I had "stockings" search saved for about a minute til I realized that 99% of results weren't even a little bit family friendly.
what does this have to do with what he did on the field and his HoF chances?
text me<3
“: lol” all happy
Contact us if you have Qs
I'm much like a college chick. The 1st time we met, you ignored me. I became obsessed w/ making you like me.
that doesn't mean you can categorize a group of people based on a stereotype. we also haven't got a platform…
"I miss everyone. Even Vinny. " wow...that warmed my heart
Sometimes I hate my life ! But all I can do is rise above it and make the best of it .
"If you are not part of the solution, then you must be the problem!"
I'm begining to pay closer attention to buildings' floor details. I need to know how to give a floor a high gloss shine.
The Denver Nuggets and George Karl have come to terms on a 3 year extension
Danger of Dr Google: 25 per cent of women misdiagnose themselves on the internet
Whats the point of unsweeted tea.
Come on Rip City Update tomorrow at noon! RT : where is my invite?
#YOLO isn't a excuse to be a whore.
One of the best things about #TXLA12 was meeting the great faculty and new friends at the TWU reception. What a great evening!
Hello HJC All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Eiffel Debuts their new menu items at Bayou Boogaloo in Mid City. Come check us out and say hi!
I share interesting things I learned & PD opportunities. Colleagues ask how did you find that out? Twitter, friends, Twitter.
Two descendants featured in the film and Pulitzer Prize-winning author Douglas Blackmon will join us for a discussion afterwards.
My path is changing and I'm not sure of the outcome but I'm ready for preparation.
You are seriously, ridiculously hilarious. Gotta come see you do stand-up in Portland soon.
only on special occasions like this hahahaha my family does not appreciate it
I friggin miss . Get over here. Right now. Punk.
Time to make a job change
Aww, so sorry Caro :( It's like me when I heard about Kevin.. lol . It's okay. He's just hasn't met you yet! <3
Tonight.. UACA Hall in Philly... Be there!
What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus!
A failure is a person who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience.
YES!!!! that is BAD ASS. get this girl some party burritos!
I keep having a dream of me standing on my own tombstone. Why is this happening?
It' official. WBC is THIS WEEK! Got tickets? Losers, say no.
Dinner time with some sushi and them listening party at cactus club with Do414!!
Aint been home all day..
for sure.. gotta let me know about last nights rendezvous cuz
l wouldn't have went there if she didn't drive me insane
My sister's friend bought me a handle of sky vodka.... Bless his heart!
love to discuss EDU and PLE in Germany.Can we skype?Mail 1 of the seven fantastic free tools for teacher
RT : Beginning tonight for the first time in 2012, and lasting until August 4th, the Boston sunset will occur after 8pm
Everyday I wonder if we'll last...Then sometimes I hope we die to make it end.
not too long ago my news feed was full of things like "i got so drunk last night". now it's weddings and babies! When did I get old??
"Sometimes the people whom we've know for only a short amount of time have a bigger impact on us than those we've known forever."
its wv, deep red state.
its retarded
Awaiting your visit! Bring your roommate! ;)
Anything with the #Beatles is always terrific
Sorry, - you and the other east coasters will have to continue to stay up a bit later to watch Felix pitch on the West Coast.
Tomorrow Night, and Myself go LIVE inside on - 9pm we kick off - 226 W Bitters off 281! Be THERE!
Hows everyone doing on this fine morning?:)
Practically all the people I know were strangers when I met them.
Game Day Niner fans!!! Next stop SUPERBOWL!!!!!
It's almost time to get to bed or Santa won't stop!!
where did you guys go?
What's Garrison Keillor going to do without Garrison Keillor?
- More power to you Meredith. We will be on our way to Nigeria soon. Production of my 2nd album's going good!
And both sides try to take the moral high ground from a self-righteous perspective, through distortion of belief and redefinition
ok but I want to stay the night on saturday or you stay the night at my dads on Friday
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 25.
and peanut
hopefully you never turn a #wnba game on
Why did you unfollow me?
government documents and booze is a helluva drug.
I will definitely take this awesome weather! #IsItWinter?
The most overplayed song ever.... What Makes You Beautiful.... But i still love it. And i still love them..
Fact: Optimus Prime Fiction: Justin Beiber
I wish I was looking into your eyes
I always have something to say back, so don't test me
Glad I didnt do it, I wouldve regretted it.
but tomorrows your birthday :)
I'm sad about #GCB, but regardless, cleavage will ALWAYS make my cross hang straight!
what are you majoring?
i miss you to
Before asking someone why they hate you, ask yourself why you even really care.
Luck is the residue of design. Go and make the plan & work it hard!
I heard a rumor is playing #TheWantedInWisconsin while directing #WISN12 newscast. I should play it down at the desk
That's great :) Wish you could @ reply us back, though ;-)
I got a headache
So is Jeter close to 3,000 hits yet? I wish there was more media coverage to keep me updated
Per Joe Angel, a #Yankees fan just stole a catchable ball from the #Orioles Xavier Avery for a home run.
C.L.A.S.S. = Come Late And Start Sleeping
That's great to hear. What class is that?
Happy mother's day! I love you mommy :)
Hahaa yep sounds about right
Yeah sure Mitt. And Romney wants to start the Inquisition all over again.
The best thing about the United States is that you can see people of all races together, being obese.
And The Fray should be lambasted on twitter in 3, 2, 1
Oh wait, are we using #econdebate? Does anyone actually expect them to stick to one relevant topic?
-- a mean one at that..
&rarr; Check OUT Mini Clock DVR - Silver Protection
#FreeBandsFriday is finnally here i ant going to sleep gotta get them bands ready
Watching the voice now its a pretty fun show
You take away the pain and I thank you for that.
BUT, 8 days till my bday :3 or is it 7? idk do i count the actual day of my bday or no? cuz if i don't then it's 7 :3
Ask me what it's like to be inside a Moose!
Thanks for the info!
this is gonna b the LONGEST #6DAYS OF MY LIFE!! #excited #boyfriend follow?5
It doesn't get any better than Christmas at Disneyland!
Hey Aliza, we challenge you to go through our entire menu in one week!
I'm getting fat ^.^ hahaha
there all just jelly! Of you don't like him that's ok, but at least respect him!
The dearest friend on earth is a mere shadow compared to Jesus Christ.
ohh well I can't it's bot cute to be in a sports bra and take A pic .. In-general
Could be one of the few people that like tits more than ass
RT : Got Accepted into St. John's University in New York :) -> Congratulations !
A warm wish on Mother's Day. May all the love you give to others come back to you on this special day. Have a wonderful Mother's Day!
Hoping to get a couple of interviews scheduled in next couple of weeks
Where did the snow go?
Lots of luck. You are good and this is using your already existing skills.
Loma Linda University study shows that drinking 6 glasses of water a day help to reduce heart disease risk.
Welcome Back :D
Does anyone know what typeface was used on the old Magikist lips signs?
finish submit my video entry for Girls' Generation Asian Tour 2011 Singapore presenter,let GOD show his GRACE once again,AMEN !
Happy Thanksgiving, Twitterverse! Hope everyone's having a great day
Just bought my pre-sale tickets for
check out !
love your pic babe! Hope all is well 
do u like her?
I am here at #sxsw live tweeting the semifinals. It's a tech competition, hazing ritual and weight-loss program.
Most Precious Blood of Jesus Christ, save us and the whole world.
So proud of my prodigy Just scored a big interview with AD Darryl Sims at Midnight Breakfast!
ME PLEASE <3 i need a little cheering up, i have to write 4 ten page lab reports due in a week
After it Ends is running for president. After it Ends 2012.
My parents never loved eachother they just stayed together because I was created
P: "It's so sunny outside" me: "I know, I'm scared, I didn't bring my sunnies.." P: "You can use my sweater as a shroud.." me: -____-
Don’t make me mad then tell me to calm down. That’s like shooting someone and then wondering why they’re bleeding.
#Timbers season opener tonight. Maybe this year I'll be able to make it to a game... you know, if someone has some tickets laying around.
indeed. Or dare I say burnout? Yep, I said it! I try and limit my screen time on the weekends to give myself a break.
Why is it so confusing to open #ePub files on a #nook ? Do they have a special app or something to make my life infinitely easier?
We're serving over 110,000 students on Localist. Quite the milestone!
I know walking away isn't the best decision, but I can't stop you from doing what you think is the right decision
Man this guy luks lik he got a giant rock in his gut it jus sit in 1 spot
Howard Brown tells me his firm has scrapped hotel plans for Baltimore's vacant Mechanic Theatre; instead will build two towers w/600 apts.
oh please
you forgot to give me your number...and now i don't know what time you are picking me up for our date tonight! love you .x
Can anyone think of a reason why top players would have a harder time adjusting to a bad court surface than 2nd-tier players?
You can never be successful if your worried about how you look infront of ppl.
About to board a plane to Beirut, via Paris. Super excited.
; song number 3 we agree on. :o
Too Damm cold out. The heat better not let philly in this game.
If you dnt like Selena then why can you only like Justin if your Gunn like one of them them y not both...luv ya Selena and bieber
#sljsummit10 Valenza: confusion with device-driven environment - full of complications for kids getting stuff they need
I love you and we will never forget you. RIP JACK READY. You will always be with us.
Never seen our house this clean before! You go !!!
Thank you. Productive week thus far.
bra off, panties south, touge kissn yo mouth, pullin on yo nipples, house play from the war horse, parked next to the devils sled,
important lesson in life: always attach whatever you were going to attach to your email before you start writing it. everyone forgets.
Me either...lol!
Glad to have you here with us, happy bday to your friend!
Pizza lovers of the world be strong, Cicis has brought the alfredo sauce back! Could cheesy bread be next??
RT a Wisconsin player gets the 6th Man of the Game award. NU doesn't have a 6th man tonight! No points off the bench.
Kids bored? Bring the family to SECCA's free Community Day today noon to 5pm. Art projects, break dancing demos and 3 exhibitions on view.
First 's guitars are stolen, now 's bike? Wish more ppl adhered to 's law.
tim fo sum killin COD COD COD
so sorry...I hate the feeling when u get outbid
just learned about - it's awesome! Congrats!
F off you stupid menstrual cramps
. with their work on Sarah Phillips and with their work on Junior Seau: more proof that "blogs" know what they're doing.
GOOD AFTERNOON TWITTER!
Wow she is just too perfect. She has all the qualities I lack. Gosh I wish I were her! 😭😂👎✊👄
it's impossible, I've tried and failed miserably multiple times...
i know. ill be up til like two when i could of been done at like 10.
Scar swear this is Juicy J on the stage 
would you go to a gay club ? & i havent been to the club yet . lol
Thank you, stay tuned for updates!
Beak masks, no longer just for the black plague also for stinky dogs
I can't believe is in Arizona and won't come see me. Smh
Happy Veteran's Day to everyone who served in the military, including my Mommy Dearest who served 22 years in the U.S. Air Force!
It's time for me to learn to dance in the rain rather than wait for sun
Mind-numbing...
Thinking If I should call you but idk... I probably won't.
Love is like ART. Heartbroken on the canvas. Painted the perfect picture, you seemed to never get it; Colors prevail&you turn into a monster
