no problem! :)
That party was wack!
Congrats on the record and a tough win. Phewww. RT : It's also the Storm's 23rd victory of the season, a new franchise record.
how can we fix this?
It was great talking to you as well!
this rain is for real... in case you had doubts
Why can't girls have friends that are guys without people thinkin they like them!?
uh oh...wet Riggy Bobby “: Forecast of potentially heavy rain for USA-Honduras in Miami tomorrow.”
definitely has funnest coverage of Wisconsin protest
another friend just informed me he's switched from bb to the iphone4s. my bbIM list is dwindling...!
love is like a rubberband, we keep pulling until someone le go. the one left holding on gets hurt
Happy Birthday to Betty Cummings, Sherril Rick, Penny Skinner, Connie L. Craft
Albert Pujols Is Lost; A Vikings Stadium Vote
“: Omg the things I'm witnessing on chat roulette!!!!!” Reminds me of freshman year...
Try to help Kill the Keg at the Brave Horse Tavern. Welcome to Seattle Beer Week.
It's hard to conclude what is going on with NeNe's husband and Dwight. I do no the we'll find out shortly! Reserve judgement!
r u enjoying urs - hope so all the best RT : HAPPY MOTHERS DAY! Hope you are enjoying the day :-)
The Housewives of Atlanta wrap party is starstudded and the real who's who of Atlanta big wigs are here. How did I get here? Hard work!
Best way to get in touch with you via email.
Atlanta Half Marathon, then to Grandma's house I go. Happy Turkey Day!
Hello, Big D!
"ELI--TE" Manning gonna win the Super Bowl!
TRAK Records and Library is seeking a Knowledge Management Attorney in #DC and #NY. This is a great opportunity to work with a prestigious…
The world moves faster than before, our institutions need to keep up. We need a shift in thinking: Politics 2.0, Ethics 2.0, Humanity 2.0
your not alone!
Hopstoopid is super string but darn delicious! Cheers to being half way through the week!
Attending the Fourth BHL Institutional Council Meeting at Ernst Mayr Library of the Harvard Museum of Comparative Zoology
oh,wait..where am i from?..., im from boston :) Xx
Don't miss Spring Awakening at Frederick Cultural Arts Center! Kudos to director
Two lesser known tracks by Madonna that I LOVE, Liquid Love and Has To Be. Listening to the latter of the two right now.
Dear teacher, would you mind not looking at my paper while I'm answering your test ? It feels really awkward .-.
How to look FAB take drops & gorge, do VLCD, do 3 wks maintenance so you never gain and U LOOK FAB www.lasvegashcg.com repeat for more loss
why thank you :-)
Temporary tattoos as local marketing tools: ": Spotted: temporary tattoos making a mark at #YJSF!"
Hope you are enjoying getting back to life!!
nice username <3
RT ": If wmn ruled the wrld there wud be no wars. Just a bunch of jealous countries nt tlkng to each other." :-p
I just saw this , you're so lucky you're cute 😒❤
Last day of build week, thankfully it cooled off from the last 2 days. 7 new homes in MKE
#3WordsOfAdvice ...just keep swimming 🐟
Lemon essential oil is revitalizing and uplifting, is a powerful antioxidant, refreshing in water and may be beneficial for the skin.
I haven't heard anything specific yet but I will look into it...
go for it girl! I am thinking short shorts and some of those furry leg covers. A little too curvy for just bra top but inspired
About to get sweaty, and sore #insanity day 26
Things next door to the Culture Room in Ft L. FL: Bible Store Tattoo Parlor Curves That's rite it's in a sweet strip mall Doors 4 Rock
Might be back to tweet, but if not, GOODNIGHT ALL OF YOU! Sweet Dreams
I'm ready to spring forward.
★ Contact us for your Private Event or Wedding!!! ★ We can help you with one small detail....or help plan the entire event!
so i've just discovered and now all i want to do is #wireframe all day long
yes! I've completely fallen in love with this place.
Cute!!! Break out the Dougie and Cat daddy lol :-)
Considering starting a Tumblr that's just photos taken of my sunroof while stopped in traffic. Mostly palm trees and surprising buildings.
Pretty Woman
getting the iPhone in 19 days
“: Thanks so much for the follow! :)” Thank you girlie=) xoxo
fuck yeah awesome show
I wanted to go to Disneyland ):
I've got the latest details on a Miami murder trial the nation is watching. See you at 5am on NBC 6
it was actually delicious ha
Let them know that they are stealing your content!
Doing an Open House on Super Bowl Saturday.
i am ur #1 fan! If i can't get u just to follow me, I'll quite singing forever! Ur my inspiration plz follow! I luv u foreva ;(
what's good
#S/O to all the Fathers who are being a Father to there Kid(s) #S/O to the Single Mothers & Fathers out there ! Continue to do ya Thang !!
Points are missing from the tweets
I'm not a big NCAA follower, but yay Marquette! Nice win!
"Put a lid on it Zane!"
[4] ... and because of their infectiousness are far more dangerous than individual bad acts? ...
When you do good deeds on earth . You will get good deeds in heaven.
Hope everything goes well today bro. Good luck!
The revolution will not be televised.
Good morning Twitterverse ~ seeing & posting this nice Friday, always good.
Maybe that's wrong
I sell the at wk and have had a number of ppl tell me they were buying a tempur to replace a sleep number.
Meh. Not a huge fan tbh.
Damn it! is sold out at tomorrow and I wanted to take my grandma to meet
Fuck everything right now for real. I just want this to be over. Things need to go back to how they were before.
I am gonna enter the One Direction Car Decorating contest, we created a video for our entry? Where can we send our vid entry?
My engine is fueled on sorrow and alcohol, and I prefer that both be inexpensive.
Let's build a community for Poly's that the islands can be proud of. If other people can have their own social networks why not us!
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
too many languages in one tweet = google translate failure
huh good an bad mt twins been having to go to the hospital but shes alright he tumor hasnt grown back
No it is a final shorten season. People might return, well those who was ok with the season finale
": . Are the storms effecting your Blues game?"- Game unaffected. But 1 person killed earlier in dt STL. Clear now.
Don't forget to spring forward! ....or if you're on Spring Break WHO CARES WHAT TIME IT IS!
Off to meet the bo for lunch! :)
#TGIF! What shows or movies are you seeing this weekend?
Pavel Datsyuk's steal and goal was AMAZING!!! Noone else in the NHL can do that that quickly.
technically I started early but the rockets made me take a long break lol
This is the greatest story ever written,/and it has already failed.
Obama: Proposing every state require that all students stay in high school until they graduate or turn 18. #SOTU. How would AK enforce that?
everywhere else in under two minutes.
Yep... feeling the same.. Good luck with your writing.... ^_^
email me. . will arrange meeting
If happy ever afters did exist I would still be holdin you like this and all of those fairy tales are full of shit
he's a rapper lol
Work first, play later.
how was it like doing the voice of Juliet in
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read. Groucho Marx
Thank YOU for creating an amazing workout that works! 5 women lost total 110 inches in your retreat? Wow! Congrats to all!
Come join us this Sunday for our Celebration Service for Mother's Day, May 13 with Speaker : Rev. Ruth. Visit...
I did the recommended updates and disabled optical drive under battery stretch settings so maybe that will solve problem???
Great work, Josh!
Pete Campbell is such a weasel!
Girls, most guys only want you for your looks. Don't let their words fool you. #WordOfAdvice 😏
My sis doesnt love me lol, shes growing up and forgetting about her big sis
Mapping with Drupal, created a thirst for knowledge of mapping without Drupal. The market is there. /cc
Hunger is not debatable.
So a Captain Morgan and coke in Scotland is a Captain Morgan n' ginga?
will gay marriage ever become legal through out the country?
om I love you.
RT : Be sure to check out host for bottle service or guestlist for any Club!
in branson, mo at a great condo, beautiful fall day and going to show and shopping with wife and friends :-)
In other news, my Twitter account is still unverified. Am I really me?
hahah sure I will share u can b a bridesmaid in our wedding hahahahahahah:)
While you were watching Are you afraid of the dark.. I was making out with your sister to the #googoodolls dizzy up the girl album #90'slife
Welcome back! RT We've got a little guy booked at the Nike campus in two weeks - he's so excited...
Ron Swanson: Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets.
ignore it lmaoo
The Heart of your Troubles is about to stop beating. Jesus is ready to pull the plug.#StandStrong. Nite:)
Thanks for the clarification... no current plans for this - sorry!
The Cars' Just What I Needed + Outcast's Hey Ya + Patty Smith's Gloria = morning made! Support now-412-381-9900
and she can't wait to meet you
Drop shadow.
didn't feel like drawing that out
Into the long commute back home
thank you for the RT! Do you have any to add?
Haha! Well, I have a resilient stomach, but it never hurts to be prepared.
cat-man-squirrel lol
someone has the same name as you?? you should bang them!
for you or for the players?
Can we help in any way?
Welcome (with a drop-cap "W")! Now we can tag you in all of our shenanigans. We reserve the right to quote you.
Thought it was more important to make sure Al Jazeera could respond than to get bogged down in numbers; see conspiracy if you like
Lincyy we suck at running
I may be moving :)
Microsoft encourages students to buy a PC, gives them a free Xbox 360 in return
In need of a translator, someone who can speak fluent spanish
RT : A Regular Expressions workshop sounds great!
life is so hard.
it wasn't though, that is where you are wrongo
How are you?
ehhh. I guess that's true
hey guys, I think I'm going to start working on JAM2013 today...
Thanks for the RT!
Sorry lady in elevator, it's too early for small talk
What do you think Woody Allen meant when he said, "Eighty percent of success is showing up?"
Congratulations on a great All-American season!
I kind of missed the whole YOLO thing but I am also ready for it to end.
No, it's not. It's a good friend on a private server. I don't want to interrupt his family Sunday.Folding clothes anyway. LOL
What the heck is this and why do i now i have this "call me maybe" song stuck in my head. ???
I'm like 35-1 now
It's time to knock out. Everyone be blessed and have a productive day!
People r saying bye bogut & I'll welcome Ellis, but will be missed by me. Fave since the big dog. Thanks
RT : BREAKING NEWS: The AP reports that Houston Rockets basketball player Ron Artest will sign with the L.A. Lakers. Developing.
lol nothing to elaborate on.
I hope you do. Thoughts go out for your friend and her family. We have nothing if we don't have hope! Bless
You can.
I dont even like/care about one direction..but i think they should do more tours in england before any other countries,js
I am like a kid on Christmas. It's the fashion superbowl #Oscar!!! Felling a little underwhelmed by the dresses so far thou
oh yeah, for the DH mixer, I was definitely taking notes! First time I've heard from the student cohort! Go English grad students!
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Woke up feeling awful. Why would I get a cold this week...arrrrgh...not cool :-(
PosmanBooks @ Grand Central has a bio table & I stumbled upon "Chasing The Flame" about UN diplomat/politico Sergio Viera de Mello, killed.
W/ casserly's definition of OER, a cc licensed work with 'no derivatives' doesn't count. #SXSWedu Is 'sharealike' required?
So I would like to thank all of my wonderful followers!!! :)<3 I never thought that I would have this may followers! :)<33
There's nothing wrong in believing because when it pays off, it’s the greatest feeling. Even if we lose, at least we never gave up.
#6749 is jealous! And eyein' your prize.
I heard it's really good and not something you'd expect.
on the edge of my seat. go heels!!
That's good. ish.
R.I.P. Poly Styrene!!!! You served as an inspiration for Girls in Rock!!! We Love and Will Miss You!!!
While everyone is looking for prom dates and prom entire, I'm missing out ); looking for swing setts pack n plays bassinets(ect.)
i can get you one.
Just hacked you(: Love
Glad to be a part of the 11.7% of informed Wisconsinites!!
Welcome to Twitter GB.
The fact that the texans are hanging with the ravens on the road with a -3 turnover diff and a rookie qb is pretty good.
iM luckY, I haVE ThIs cUtie BaBE LOveYah OL.
4 years denied, fuck that lets party tonight!
oh, I am well aware of that fact. They were pretty much the driving force to my decision to work there today.
Good luck with that huge sandwich! Did you finish it all?
We haven't received many question via social media. What role do you think museums should play (if any)?
cool see you tomorrow:-)
I jus tried to be your friend, but I see its like that
sure - soon to be hoagie
happy birthday to the one and only JUSTIN BIEBER! Hope you had a great day!
Been using it 4 years. Try heating it up a bit w/ your hair dryer. It then acts like a curling iron & gives you even more curl.
I need new clothes so freakin' badly. 😒
thanks for the love homie
you know I like your new hair right?
Are you kid enough to suck you moms tits? It wouldn't be so shocking if the kid wasn't wearing pants used in jungle warfare.
didn't do shit fucker. But you can try me. I'll beat ur ass
You literally make me smile <3 I love you to death beautiful!
I did looks great! I tried to sign up twice on iPad but it wouldn't work..I'll try again
the #rosebowl is nuts this year..will they score 100?
Congrats to San Diego's Raquel Pomplun on this month's cover of Playboy magazine with Bruno Mars
it makes me giggle. If that's not love, I don't know what is.
love ya ma!!!
Coach was mad at me though
I hope you get to feeling better tomorrow:) Nothing worse then feeling like shit:) Love you<3 &Goodnight!!
the dark side of the sun?
I was too but I could only pick one word! lol!
SO SAD WHITNEY HOUSTON PASSED.... i still cant believe it
DUDE. ARE YOU SERIOUS? I JUST BOUGHT MERCH LAST WEEK. HOW MUCH ARE TE WATCHES? Please say under ten dollars D:
I won't be able to catch it. Updates plzzzz
oh no of course not. He came home exhausted!
I hope that before the Legislature adjourns, they will amend the law to mete out the punishment food profiteers in war time deserve. [1944]
sushi, finally I almost died
measurement has to be worked in at the start of the campaign. Tweets etc aren't permanent
The colts pick a QB with the 1st overall pick and the last pick is a QB
imagine if Niall knocked on your door and asked you out on date to the beach :')
only for 4S
when your bestfriends say cute shit to you and you feel snuggly inside
Now back to work
!Seriously! Do you advertise with #RushLimbaugh? I am so ashamed!! I really hope this isn't true!!??
I love 3-point shoot-outs!
awww very nice! Miss you guys! Come visit please!
It's still the same old story: a fight for love and glory, a case of do or die. Though I will always welcome lovers as time goes by...
can't wait to watch!
Dick Clark. He had a good beat and was easy to dance to. (older folks will get that American Bandstand joke)
the B&H Photo app is dangerous...
RT : “: Mudding with Michael #siblingbonding” This should be photographed.
gots it. The way it's read feel off. Or maybe it's the way he breaks lines that makes NO sense to me.
i really wanna be your 3rd winner #IWantBTRAutograph please pick me, hope your seeing my tweets
Blow your nose! Omg, that noise is annoying and nasty.
Where are my fucking humans damn it This house is cold and I cant reach the heater switch If they dont get back soon I'm shit'n in a slipper
aww thanks boo!
I know Why Im walking like a crippled person in my private Apt. do you ? <Belinda Jackson>
Haha, I was just about to Tweet that as well. Never thought I'd see the day. Might be best Linkedin invite ever.
It's time to let go of the hurt,tears,pain and past
She used to have a future. Then she married #RickSantorum, who believes in a woman's right to quit her job & homeschool 8 kids (cont)
FINALLY IN FLORIDA!!! :D im so happy :) See all you floridians in church on sunday :))
I actually think of YOU as a celebrity at this point. There should be a genre.
my new twitter page.. follow back ... thanks for all the luv!! keep it 100!
The Secret to Flat Abs? Once we got over our annoyance that researchers released this info at the end of bikini season, we were pretty intr
enjoy your kettle!
you are most welcome
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Congrats to The Tuscaloosa News staff on its Pulitzer!
#Caps lose 2-1 and that will end their 2011-2012 campaign
Silence, or ill put jellyfish poison in your doormat.
Dr. Baker-Schena gave a lot of work, whipped my writing into shape and gave lots of hugs & laughs. Wouldn't be here w/o her.
Mark your Calenders! Roots Fest: June 25th, Latino Fest: June 26th and the African-American Heritage Festival: July 2-3rd! Come visit us!!!
May the pack be with you
The only people clamoring for a Mike Bloomberg VP slot are in the media. Nobody else cares.
love it. Which one are you?? :)
22 songs. I guess that would be more than an hour. That's about my commute time. Drive safe. Watch the crazies!
uh just took my memory card out of my phone and now i can't find it
Bartering with black guys...and getting our way. This is how we do.
Tusk is a masterpiece.
I'm thinking the tours, R&A and USGA would take a dim view of this stuff, if it is proven to work.
I hade my plan B before I had my plan A.
I'm bummed about World Market closing in MN I love that store
#20thingsaboutme 20. i absolutely hate when people blow things out of porportion. get over it.
just figured out you were in town. Bah
Fck its so hot today!
my man you mean
Pocket w/ !!! One of these days I'm gonna grow up!!!! Just not this day!!!
RT I want a german exchange student 😏
I am thinking of you! How are you?
good day sir!
Sitting in a blanket that just came out of the dryer is pure happiness to me.
I decided to lower prices across the board for Halloween, without any coupon or promo codes. Please let me know what you think!
We are only limited by our perception of what we can and cannot do.
RT Rep Edwards amd to restore funding for provisions "that make small communities livable." Sidewalks, paths, etc
MATT HOW COULD YOU BREAK HIS HEART LIKE THAT?!?!?!
Is really in need of a getaway.
When you find that person who knows all your weakness and still thinks your amazing 
I always fall in love with the bad guys in lifetime movies.
Hundreds fill MacArthur Airport's terminal to welcome home a Marine returning from a deployment overseas.
I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE IM SEEING AUSTIN IN CONCERT!!!! :)
twitter, of course!
Meg can't win for losing, bless her heart lol.
Dear I can barely walk up/down my stairs. Thank you for the great workout yesterday! I'll definitely be back!
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm really impatient
www.dcbachatacongress.com this weekend. Who's going?
- If the were truely "legitimate", they would know better than to consider it. The differences are just too great.
“If I am not for myself, then who will be for me? And if I am only for myself, then what am I? And if not now, when?” - Rabbi Hillel
I'm giving her the benefit of the benefit of the doubt and I'll say that the coffee takes 10 minutes to brew...
Everybody follow please!!!
Show tonight @ Rabbitfoot Records (Titusville, FL) with Rickett Pass!
goodnight and happy friday ^_^
Grillos Pickles: A table spoon of Ya Juice in a bottle of H2O in the morning & I lost 11lbs in a week! Whew!!!
: Thanks Mr. Gadsby and Mr. President!
The Memphis Hornswoggles
` sittin here playin the game but about to turn it off
tell ebony not to sound so exited about his bail :-/
Follow more people we love:
Got a headache now! :/
Awesome, enjoy!
Prayers go out to and a speedy recovery!
what picture do you have on your profile?? I can't find you
I noticed a postcard lying on a sidewalk today — a preacher promoting a sermon with the theme "ROBERT'S RAGE."
"you bitch i'm going to punch you in the face"
Well damn. So much for my Harbough brothers Super Bowl Showdown. Bummer.
Glass storage containers with lids Pyrex Serveware Sculptured 3- serveware with lid
please follow me miranda! Huge fan! :D
Spent the entire day without access to my work email.
story of my existence.
thanks, am bummed and was hoping to hang out. You going to THATCamp Prime?
I'm pretty sure I just stalked 's new house on my run.
Walk one of those beers down to the beach in Sea Isle!
Been at work 14 hours today already. Need a nap, but the opportunity to hear Swedish author speak at ASI tonight trumps sleep!
Nobody films music videos when its dark out.
NO. I ACCIDENTALLY BUMPED MY TABLET & USED ONE OF MY BOMBS IN DRAW SOMETHING.
OMG Jym Ganahl is here tonight!
Creeper on the Subway: Happy Mothers Day! Are you a Mother? Me: No... Him: Do you WANT to be? #wink <-
When does the Jason Scott Museum of the Disenfranchised open in upstate NY?
I don't understand how you can go from the things you said yesterday, to not even texting me back today.
Office Manners tip: Keep lunch in the kitchen. Don't eat at your desk or have foods with really strong smells
"you don't dress like you live in beacon hill." "well you don't dress like an asshole."
mashadi!!!! where and how u been?
jacobo como esta Argentina oh el hostel son economicos no? ?/
Let's go Valley!!! I'm rolling w you
- have fun! it's contagious.
Q, I totally agree with you on Tebow, it's all about him doing it on the field.
I've always wanted to try chicken feet. My Granddad's fav. food was pickled pig's feet, so feet must be delicious!
Tobacco and the American Revolution. That seems to be my gig. Someone else snapped up prostitution in 18th-c. London.
MRI on L Ankle this AM. Hope 4 no torn ligaments/tendons (surgery if yes). 3 1/2 wks since fall. Still painful & wearing danged boot! Grr.
I don't doubt that I said delightful. That word pops up a lot in my daily vocabulary. But...What are you talking about?
Many Microsoft Office products are NOT accessible with screen readers.
Dude that's what I had for dinner!
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn he has three phones
Q2 My last lib survey on outreach we asked at booths/events on our iPad. Few people wanted to answer, thought we were selling. :(
It was an honor and an amazing time working for you & Merrill all semester. Thank you for this amazing opportunity
Casey Jenkins and DarkerThanBlue are doing good for B'more
On set filming today has been a long day and we still have more to go
is having one of the most relevant conversations in the black community...
Thanksgiving coming up im ready to feast
Happy Monday! Hope everyone had a great Mother's Day yesterday.
"Never trust anyone who has not brought a book with them." - Lemony Snicket, Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid
What a goal by Datsyuk! What can't that man do?
simple but effective.
Anybody needing a job. State Fair is hiring.
“: You don't learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over. - Richard Branson”
Trying to get #wilsanity to trend and I lost a follower. Someone must not be a fan of #bucky!
too funny -- I hope you guys used the mistaken identity thing to your advantage. :-)
What a cruel world where I missed Walking Dead last night... Fiend and Dick Ramsses got to see the whole damn thing! -V
that's when i'd really flip! lol
i only try to be as babelicious as you are. lets get together, yea yea yea, and catch up on life :)
Will you be putting your live music schedule online?
Len Blavatnik's Access Industries is buying Warner Music Group Corp., the world's third-largest recording company, for about $1.3 billion.
Absolutely! Hope to hear more from you!
Just got an email pitch on surviving your hs reunion by doing "17 Procedures to Look 17 Again." Lipo, lasers, tattoo removal, oh my!
hell yea and you in pearland too, enterprsise or budget by hobby,
Working on music as I speak for and Video for our song being planned right now.
Kudos to for going
Awesome! I know I'm excited for the #may6thtruckrally - bring on the food trucks!
#ThatDoesNOTMakeYouCool having money. The coolest people I know are some of the brokest
Sorry for the misunderstanding, at least we all agree its an awesome campaign!
home wrecking ass tramp..
aha. R u on spring break?
i think I'm rather romantic
AHH "per capita!" !! We will miss you in Cinci this year Michelle!! RT Now if we could just get "Per Capita" on here.
Big Idea Winner is Drug Delivery Platform!
Nice article in this Sunday re: light rail development in #Austin.Author also talked about it on this morning
personally quite glad te RDA is gone. A largely destructive force to the history of Long Beach.
Great service tonight
always looking for brands that want to connect with consumers through the unique savings/shopping portal we're building - DM us for more!
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Cum make me
lol this is funny! RT ": If I was a super hero, I'd be Catch-On-Fast-Man!"
": #NP RIP RAJA!!!!! RIP RAJA FREE BRIE I LOVE BOTH U NIGGAS" <--- I just checked up on bruh case
Well today I I asked my friend to tell this other kid I really like him and I know him so yeah and I just texted her wat did he say ????
#slcwebinar No one knows everything in their field. Need to share knowledge with others.
got a hot date with my old man sat, but I'm free Friday night or Sunday day/night :)
People who work on Wall Street call it The Street-so it will sound gangster. Which is fitting due to call the crime that happens there.
hate my parents so much like really stop getting involoed in my life
CamMi saw your post on marriage, sharing your poems about marriage is a beautiful idea
Thanks!! Good to be here!
Testing is mandated by the state.
RT : show your love, plug #Dollhouse on twitter!
brothers lil baby momma want it... lol
Watch out today! Flash flood warnings and rain!!
Not sure, but looking online seats have been flying today. Even with RG game vs us, I think we'll be at least 7k
Bein' me isn't as hard as it used to be
Sleeping pills ❤
hi guys im followin u now xx
...though there might be an endogeneity issue too...
if the Suns were in the playoffs Id jump at $50 lowers. But thats why I have season tickets
I think I just broke my back. OwWw :(
every single tourney, you just crush. glgllglgl, get that ish
Wasn't really planning on spending the entire weekend in bed...
bitch u ain't a barbie. I see you work at Arby's. Number 2, super size hurry up I'm starving. Lmao. Miss u !
It absolutely is. Unbelievable. RT : Penn State scandal is the worst in college sports history! Bar none!
Yes, is all rock/show posters. You should check out the forums though , tons of designers & etc.
That makes two of us.
d-_-b "Going hard the whole night cause I ain't going back to my old life..." I Don't Like
www.transysports.com 4 latest info on Transy's tip-off dinner with Coach Cal & the Cats @ Keeneland on Oct.30. Leave Friday 4 Canada
True that now i am taking down my micros
I don't understand why I have to put a photo of myself on my resume.Isn't it against "equal opportunity" law? Koreans don't have one.
Open position with insurance company. 4-40 or 2-20 license preferred not required. Message me for contact info. Spread the word. They want …
I was just thinking about something. I know the likelihood of you seeing this is low, but I'll just say it in a few tweets.
Pistanthrophobia: The fear of trusting..
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE do you save the gifts from your fans? i gave you some!! :)
Sometimes I wonder if people are just stupid or if they actually just act stupid to see what kind of reaction they can get??
Has everybody gotten their $10 bucket of balls??
I eat crickets but
ouch :( ill pray for your head :p
Things are go so wonderful in my life I can't complain if I wanted too!!!!
Aww make us wait longer. Blah.
near green park. just visiting some folks, may take a day trip out to see some others. we should grab a pint if you have time.
thanx elke; that large a gathering of committed believers/ministers has got to be awesome
thanks Nicole. Issue resolved. It was a very silly user error. I am grateful for your prompt response!!
It was an important part of my life
I honestly think in 15 yrs we'll just be tchg ELA/math thks to Common Core and all the $ behind it incl Gates' $
..just sent you an email!
Scripted disaster wrapped in homogenized malice that is the weary bravado of my being...
my favorite episode is when benson has bad luck.... because he gets jumped and its so funny. Kfjencikdjekahdkamficjem.
we're scheduled to close on our first home in five days, please send us "smooth home buying" vibes!
watching the last song!! :D #Babymama #MileyCyrus ;)
Huff closing by reading Sen Steinberg letter pulling SB955 two years ago & discusses underperforming & average teachers. Boo! Teachers ROCK!
Girls night out!!!
Oh my, has a twitter ?!?! My life is made.
heh. I merely have an opinion. But whatever works for you is fine, I guess :)
cane's date tomorrow and daniel has a bad attitude.
There is no worse name than the Commonwealth of Virginia!
This new Alcatraz show is garbage. Done!
He was moving tii
My circle evaluated: -4
phone tethering?
Pyrotopia preview today! See LED spinners and Tesla coil demonstration at the Children's Museum of Pittsburgh, 3:30-4pm, downstairs theater.
By the way I just saw the first 2012 movie trailer .....CRAZY SH*T!
I'm slowly coming to the realization that I'm horrible with money and I'm going to need to start over how I approach it.
Halfway through, and LOVING your book! Congratulations on NYT Bestseller awesomeness. You deserve it.
If you carry the bricks form your past relationship to the new one, you'll only build the same house.
Thanks to Chris Payne for interviewing us tonight. It'll air this Sunday night on at 9:00 CST. Great exposure, folks!
can't wait!! I'll be here until August! :D
so now I'm a ho from your past?!
If you have a choice between me and her, choose her because if you really loved me there wouldn't be a choice.
Me - hoping to meet a ton of new people, see ya there!
Thanks, Anna. (And you too, , man of infinite patience that you are...)
Feels so good to finally be done with you. Have a nice life, ASS HOLE.
but then you'd have to ACTUALLY talk to someone.
that was a fail... #SoEmbarassing !! :P
"Make everyone else look brilliant." Quit showing off, trying to make yourself look good."
Woke up in a decent mood! Ready to conqueror the world! Text me 7138763037 :}
Good afternoon everyone. I hope you are all having a wonderful Friday and a great start to the weekend.
haha definitely typed something into the wrong spot
MCA RIP the Beastie Boys are apart of everyone!
We all know you be running scared just like the rest if us if that did happen. So don't act all tough.
Enhance your Super Bowl experience in Indy! Sign up to receive exclusive information, alerts, and updates about game day text 69635
Hundreds of fishermen dock at NSC for Bass Expo
Thanks to for joining and me for our first #EFChat! Have a good lunch!
WEDNESDAY = Bucket Night. $10 domestic buckets and $15 import buckets. Get your bucket on. 6-close.
sends out his first tweet since surgery. Hear what it said at 7:10 on
I saw a Lamborghini dealership in the somewhat rural suburbs of St. Louis a few weeks ago. That kind of surprised me.
Overnight parking available for $15 a night in the GWCC (Red Deck Only) 2,000 spots, covered, security 24/7
whats up robert?
Weather got you snowed in here in ABQ? Call us @ 505-296-4852 & ask for the "Twitter" rate special. And remember - we have Sadie's here now!
I'm in the car now!
I just don't trust any road-side real estate investment opportunity that hand writes their sign instead of spending $10 at Kinko's.
occupychicago from the Logan Square #SAVEOURCLINICS Occupation! Stop by 2354 Milwaukee any time, we're here 24/7
The team that wins any drill must make a FT to validate the win.
Always the gypsy souls and rebel hearts are the bad boys that get me <3
To any upcoming freshman who have Biology 1Honors, im selling my entire B.I.R.P. Project. Youll find out what it is. Hit me up!
maybe he just flipped his original lineup upside down
RT : i'm that awkward age where i'm really young, but grown up...
omg me to! It's amazing & I've always wanted to go to he in the city😍
ok. i'll see you all tomorrow. didn't quite get that mailing out today. no biggie, but i promise, no naps tomorrow ;) ( )
New Pop Single Tonight at Club Zona Latina this Saturday at 3pm see you there
We can't wait have you visit!
how did you know?!
Thanks, guys! Very proud of that one. We have a great team who pulls all that together.
Houston Wants You! Street Beauty Entertainment.....wants you to!
iTunes Match says: your 7,496 songs are now available in iCloud.
nor do I.
thanks! Really like your logo as well - nice work :)
#30thingsaboutme 3. i love snuggling with austin!
Texas Tech's Monique Smalls (College Park HS) also had a good game with 11 points and 3 assists. Smalls has another year at Tech.
ok..u are work in progress : - well gluck with whichever direction u take
HEY DUDES! SEE YA WEDNESDAY MARCH 14TH! WE ARE ALL READY TO ROCK!
Thanks a great catch up this morning! Always fun.
I can so relate to that !
Let the songs you write be about women's issues and women's rights.
Where? Im trying to put one together 2, maybe you could help! RT : Fashion show next week
Firehook offers a full range of wholesale breads, such as sandwich loaves, rolls and non-sourdough breads. Call (703) 519-8020 for info!!
We hope everything was good yesterday! Cheers...
There's much weeping and gnashing of teeth in Portland today after last night's inexplicable loss by the to Washington.
cmonnn b's
I think I really like who you're becoming.
why won't twitter let me follow you? Accept me Chris! TAKE ME AS I AM!!! Why won't you let me in?!?!
My nights ruined
why you gotta be a jerk like that?
BBC here to film our glove factory. Nice people from the other side of the Pond.
has vans now - might be perfect for driving your team around.
my goal is to continue to post to my blog every week on monday...eventually i'll raise that but for now i'm just too busy unfortunately
THERE is No Loyalty Like a SCorPio's...... Real rida Shyt
After a list of "I need", a teacher stopped and said, "And thanks for all you have done." It made my day!
I'm following you and now! That's 3 more dollars to Follow me back!
High school students: check out for tons of helpful apps to help you study
looks like a coral snake but I am not sure they are in Florida. If it is, stay away...highly venomous.
following 305 people...perfect
Placemaking at its best! , Cedric Tai, Detroit Mural Factory, so many others do this here too!
Back home after a great weekend.
You're wasting dreams on a location when you have TWO 10 mins away from you. How about dreaming up a DnD instead?
Justin hasn't been here since December 2010 and we miss him.
Go follow my friend - if u want one new follower
thanks so much!
anyone know a good black friday deal on a lap top??
should I go to bed?
Tides are another source of energy.
Just got a sharp pain in my leg. Most def about to go to sleep now. Bad enough Im congested
Ugh, up early as hell
Visit our webpage and sign up now to be the first to hear about the DC's best drink specials!
Drew has cheesesteaks oh man i'm hungry
Hi folks. When appropriate, try to connect it to both. When it's not appropriate, just one or the other
So just announced advanced level modern classes with their company this summer. I think the Universe loves me today.
This week went by fast. WOW! :-)
Mason County Sheriff's Department calls off recovery of young dad presumed drowned West of Tacoma
on God?
Been awhile since we've chatted! It was great to see you today! Let's try to connect for lunch, or something (mani/pedi?).
Pardon my ignorance, but is tonight the DWTS finale? Trying to figure out why the audio for it is on over everything else in this bar.
what kind of animales do You like?2
Supt Karen Fischer-Gray holds up giant document of public comments. Everything in the plan affects kids & families, therefore schools.
Thank god for
#StewardsOfChildren is the leading evidence based child sexual abuse training available. Call the Mps. CAC 901.888.4363 to find out more.
“: If you pressed your ear to the iron fence you could hear the crack of the high-fives at the White House last night!
Farewell Square Cafe. Thank you for everything!! Here we come, Tin Front Cafe!
U know u skinny when yo leggings loose
and this #oomf is gonna keep on #oomf'ing until that #oomf stops being
Idol can wait. Family comes first. =)
I'm honored to have been asked to present on an advocacy and online engagement panel next week at #campaigntech in DC!
I REALLY want to go to the and Francesca Battistelli concert in Memphis!! I'm gonna road trip it alone!!
Oklahoma City or Los Angeles.. this is hard. #Lakers :)
It had been way too long without a "hi" :)
Interesting, unfortunately it doesn't look like they've made it to IL yet. I'll have to keep an eye out when I'm traveling.
Ate a sandwich for lunch today, and now I smell like a hoagie. I must have rubbed it on my face.
This is going to be the best 1 day work week ever, then off to NYC to watch graduate and to celebrate!!!!
yeen tell me Happy birthday neither!
Whoa - Is actually showing their clothes on girls who are bigger than a size 2? It's about time (& wow, are they gorgeous!).
I would have to say your tip is to do something where RTs and takes notice. But polka dot dresses don't hurt either
#DarkShadows LOOK'S GOOD..
I won't give up on us.
Was just trying to find information on NW ILL & Resource Sharing Conference, but can't tell which info is new. Hashtags have no dates!
thanks for the add! I'll have to throw a cocktail hour to celebrate!
WLKY is reporting that a car hit a patio area of a bar in Lexington....
uh I'm not too sure. Maybe like 12. My dads gunna drive us
The real source of wealth and capital in this new era is not material things.. it is the human mind, the human spirit, the human...
let me put it in football terms, Finley one pass today caught and dropped 7 key balls.
MT Before shooting & killing the men, Horn explicitly cited Texas then-new Stand Your Ground law. | Disgraceful,
It was a pleasure to attend the New York Regional Economic Development Conference this morning.
You did!
And yes, I did just RT myself. Deal with it.
The Q St exit should still be open even though the circle exit is closed.
Run and tell your mother motherfucker.
I'll stop doubting, I promise. You've prven yourself enough. Just please comeback. I miss you. We miss you. Please?
ahahaha she drove!
Darnell MacDonald's kids just playing out on the field. Looking good, but still not as snazzy dressers as D'Angelo who has his own uniform
Trying to spread the word around Sweden. Check this guy out!
This dude is following me 4 like 3 blocks now ...
Beat it up so gud made her think about staying with me lol.
please follow ! they are the official ARMY! and you are the official JADENATOR !you could get along LOLLOL
Sampling today on n. lamar in the #atx. Come on over all #sxsw folks. We'll be here till 3:00 & again on Sat
I am so frickin antsy to start LCSW supervision. omgomgomg. Can't wait till there is a social worker to talk to at work :)
At Times Im Hesistant About Takin Risks Because Idk How Da Outcome Mite Turn Out..
Me too… and I thought I'd never be hungry again.
Date night with my lady!!!
exhausted. good night.
Staying home from school again... I wanna go to school. But mom said no, doesn't want me throwing up again.
textbooks: "an assemblage of resources that, in a digital world there's no reason to bind together and publish en masse" YES!
I'm so hungry oh my freaking god :-(
miss you too! Let's go on an adventure soon!! Xo
I feel so fat :o
that'll work :)
What's the rate of the reverse?
April 14, 1865 would've been even more interesting if John Wilkes Booth had instagram
Lol at this girl who couldn't buy her cigarets & beer because of her paper ID cause she "lost" her real one.
Sending out good karma to Fitness Magazine Editor-in-Chief Betty Wong who is running the NYC Marathon this weekend
Love singing to #oldsongs by myself on my way home from work
Seski shy, maybe, but Seski have 2 very large left feet
You're going to eat at Denny's to get the rungood going?
Orton's Return: Is Barrett Ready For It?
A gift of thanks:"You to me & me to you & us to all of them/The circle that will ever grow as we go #FurtherIn"-Greg Brown
Congrats man
twin days! how was your waterfall?
I can say this is one day i feel lonely.
My first installation today OS on the corner of Candy Apple St and Granny Smith Ave...
True True, She Needs To Make it Longer like IsneekoffwitJuz10Whenselalaisntlooking hahahaha
OMG. Chernobyl was a zombie outbreak!
The middle of a dough nut does not have any calories!
haha groupie :p but sadly I don't know mang.. We'll just have to wait and see *crosses fingers
lol! yeah, I agree:)
#youwerecuteuntil I saw (;
"Didn't u used to have hair" I almost knocked this motherfucker out last night
scotty on the
Based on twitter and email feedback, I'd say you're correct.
Well, at least she will pass the 'steal Dad's phone and tweet your own name' part of PreSchool... RT Presley
yea but u rmbrd mine so thats all that matters lol
“We’re here to put a dent in the universe. Otherwise why else even be here?” —Steve Jobs
yeah man for sure ill let ya know!
When you breathe, you inspire. When you do not breathe, you expire. (If you think about it, this one holds a deep philosophical truth).
fedoras are never okay ever
great American cookie has a nice little scam going on with the debit card minimum
DeMaio says he will fight insiders as mayor. "I stood with you, the people," he says.
Obama:"Eff this election, I don't wanna win, I'm outtie. Here, tell these people something they don't know about me"*Drops mic
FRIDAY NIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE WEAR PAJAMA/LINGERIE & RECEIVE FREE ENTRY!!! LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT $5ADMISSION $100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT!!
What is your protagonist struggling for and why? Who's trying to stop him and why? How will all this change him?
I like how ninja turtles wear masks, good way to hide your identity. It's not like you're a giant fucking turtle or anything.
i kinda want to punch you if you wear black framed glasses and you don't have a prescription....
I have three of his novels so I got you
Glad you had a great time!!
post to welker
Happy easter, christ is risen!... He is risen indeed!
#FF we will be there! :-)
Just did the math. The volume of content posted to Twitter (text only) in one day is equivalent to the amount of text in 1,624 bibles.
(Justin) Aaron Rodgers v. #AlexSmith in NFC Championship??? Would love to see it, and what a great storyline.
Make sure you get them god pictures! :-) RT : Up and at 'em! I'm excited about going to my cousin's graduation!
come I'm here too!
Does anyone know what is going on at the thermal site downtown? Moving dirt for something.
Welcome to our new Facebook page! Please share with your friends and colleagues, and we look forward to interacting with you!
Looking forward to seeing the gorgeous tonight at to benefit Come out and support a great cause!
It was a good first Mothers Day tho. I'm so blessed to have my little girl in my life. Mommy loves you Leah Renee! <33
oh and i love your twitcon picture!!
Sadly, I am having trouble thinking of a taco-related copyright question for :-(
Happy Valentines Day! May today be a love filled day for you with or without a sweetie.
you too!
to the inventor of cornhole...good job.
we barely made up dance moves haha
Lilly's all sick and stuff :/
Up early this dreary Sunday for the 5K Home Run for the Homeless- brrrrrrrrr.
Thousands of NEVER B4 SEEN photos of REGGAE ARTISTS taken by RED ROSE...coming soon
I sent another tweet dumbass.
What a range of emotions with the news that Bin Laden is dead.
I want a White iPhone! Or iPhone 5
o I'll cuddle with you ;D
Side effect of being back to US from abroad: zero appetite. 6 lbs lost in 2 weeks. Then again am not eating rice and peas every day!!
Thanks to all who came to another fabulous and very busy Sunday #mkebrunch!
I invite everyone to a opportunity to join me in making money.
bro! You're already at #11!!! Fucking congrats!!!
Cut up apples in the tub gotta try that one day
Yes we are! Huge win RT : IS back baby!!!
RT :Teens dont have to be going through the same issues they're reading about to be experiencing the same emotions.
hows it looking for Awake?
thx for giving it a try, Paul. we're aware of all the bugs and work on fixing them.
Mostly, I
Took the day off today & had incredibly productive day//did real, meaningful work//got inspired for the first time in a yr or so.
Just bought a piano from your amazing store. Ross thank you for the top notch customer service.
valet in miami so so sketchy they have no integrity.
Kidd looking Oldd. Smh com'on player put some bend in those knees.
Nothin like having your megabus breakdown on the side of the road. What a close to a fantastic day.
If you're at home and not watching this South Florida vs Notre Dame game on ESPN, you're missing out.Collins is holding it down for Houston.
I wonder who you heard of that app from.......
nun really jus went 2 go get my i.d
GOV red tape will never equal duct tape! 30% of the working population can not pay for 100% of the US FUZZY math will end. Barrow to give?
Thank you for the RT and the always talented Special shoutouts to
Big monday night plans... #rhonj. I'm scared to see get attacked! Ah
about to eat some ice cream!
Mrs. Horan (;
Congrats to for winning Brand Ambassador of the Year at today's Downtown NOLA awards!
Mom. Shut The Fuck Up. You & Everyone Else Is Annoying Me Today.. (-__-)
What do ya'll know about olfactory art?
haha thank u that's really nice of u to say =) and im chinese Ukrainian german XD
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city. :)
#LetsBeBlunt if you still are talking about the situation , it obviously still bothers you
Your GoodMoring Doesnt Matter To Me Anymore
don't lose your mojo! We rooting for you Kel can't wait to hear what you cooking up!
But since you are in Hillel I might go for a visit. Tomorrow, though...
haha you're talking me into it! Not out of iittttt!
Been staring at this beautiful fog over Lake Mendota at the lib. All I want to do is take photos, but instead I'm stuck writing my thesis :(
What's up??? What's going on with you today??? , I did not know you know
tried 2 take control of the love, love took control of me
People told me hes the king of tumblr!
brings to !! Every ticket sales goes directly to Outward Bound Denver's Scholarship Fund!!
Happy Friday the 13th, everyone! Follow the beautiful and . They're fashion is all heart.
you're welcome... hope you're staying out of trouble
The joy of Joffrey getting slapped is overshadowed by heart attacks for Arya this episode
Share mistakes. They might spark someone else's ideas.
Did you have a chance to chat with our sales team?
thanks for posting these photos from Bertie!
messing around at home
Iraq will become a vacation destination
I probably shouldn't have left track today ..
" birthdays was the worst days, now we sip champagne when we thirsty!
Record companies are a unnecessary evil.
thank you we appropriate your support!
what time do you wanna go ?
What/where is it?
Were talking like we just met.
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars. -Les Brown
They're playing Selena! Like the J.Lo version, not Bieb's girlfriend. *happy-dance*
Guys.....who wanna my BBM pin ?
It sure is hard not to mess with TX when y'all are so delusional.
Finished the Doctor Who season 6. Don't know what I'm going to get into now but hopefully something as good.
You’re very welcome! Which bar is your favorite to munch on? RT: Dear sunbelt thanks for the candy you call granola…
Baby u got me dont worry ur pretty little heartt*
Go Butler!
Never pay bills drunk, even bar tabs. Instead, leave an article of clothing as collateral and go back to pay the next day.
Yeah, right. Laying off 6000 teachers will really help the jobless rates!
That moment when is having a tweetspree and replies to everyone<3 .. except you ._.
This is going to be a long weekend...and not in a good way.
It's been 12 innings since the White Sox scored a run.
yep, that is fucking awesome.
thank you!..have a great day!!
A baseball movie on sabermetrics wo Pitt never gets made. And BTW I bet Giamatti could play 2nd base for the Dodgers.
I just saw a commercial for Scientology?!?!
home values are still in the tank, with 3 key price indices sinking in the 4th quarter lowest level since the housing crisis 7 years ago. .
Jewish Meditation - tonight - 7:30pm-9pm at Congregation B'nai Shalom, Westborough, MA - Join me as I lead seated and walking meditation.
When a man goes overboard & the ship does a hard u-turn, my office collapses on me. Stay on the boat, people!
every edward has a bella already ¬¬' i'll keep searching
thanks for the mention and for your participation in !
DO IT. Do cats like seahorses?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs cincinnati will be trouble
wish i wasn't spending this night alone .. #uh /:
PM announces promulgation of new charter
Awesome time tonight as a sponsor and photographer at the Bethesda Green Gala!
The company name is Quantum Herbal Products, the Adrenal Energy Formula
Took my little girl swimming today, then out for ice cream! I love summer :-)
I'm so bored on my birthday ):
good murttingg to u mr :) “: Yo! good Murttingg Sir”
Amazing day with Ivan, Dana and Matt! Adding to the mix is Kaitlyn! Don't miss classes tomorrow.... xoxoxo
PACK ARE BACK!!
..hope you feel better Lady..yes..cant wait to hear Dre the choir and Bishop minister.
Thx for the post!
I could try to give some more specific interests, but aside from my disability/illness....
Beautiful weather coming this week :)
excellent, see you tomorrow
Welcome :-) Have a great day!
Will you have Meet and Greets during #TheBTWBall in the U.S?
Well there goes $240. Thanks KU.
ugh.. yard work, at least it's beautiful out. :)
hahahaha yeah! Louis nice... His partner is kinda mean haha
Thanks for following.
Check out Jockamo Pizza in Irvington. Even better than Bazbeaux.
Do not let obstacles steer you away from your objective.
everyone that lives in California like on the beach & stuff are SOO. LUCKY.
Moderators - having issues setting my social networking service profile's default to "The Rain Song" - acc't settings? Enter through menu?
Right on #TEDxChange looks really interesting... hope to see you at !
Good times RT : Chillen w fam & more .. right here on the rocks!
have the guts to see if you can DO what you say you ARE; and if you cannot, to face the truth, and discover what you CAN do!
My hero! RT This little boy crawled into a toy machine and passed out candy huff.to/AoMIVX
Have you thought, "I want to throw a Packer party for 50 of my dearest friends, where can I go?"...Try Saz's "State Room"! Classy and fun!
Ate steak for dinner !
Lovin with all my heart!!!! Unconditionally!!!!
#5thingsaboutme 4. I don't know why she doesn't Notice Me.
hahaha omg I love that! #sexybffs 😜
It's accessible now. Will send link when home.
Order of the day, cautious optimism.
Don't you love how family & friends always trying to pay you with food for your services, what's up with that?
LOL face is priceless about this fire walk!!
HAPPY #NSD! :D
Me: can I have animal style fries ? : are they really shaped like animals ? Me: 😳 lmaoo . #Dead 😂
yeah! What about THAT economy? THAT economy always gets off scot free!
Thanks good brother. I had no idea. Is it from my personal or campaign page?
So we're now supposed to go back to Facebook for a few days and hope for a discount IPO kick down? Amusing idea...
Anyone going anywhere warm and sunny while it's cold and gloomy here in New England?
Boring day !
I ate it.... With my fist
Yea, that one. I thought it was cute. Sorry it took me so long to write back. Talking to my husband.
defines hadoop, distributed computing, machine learning and Google algorithms in one fell swoop of elegance -on the phone. Wow!
If bonuses are rewards for good performance, the government should not be allowed to deduct income tax from them.
Judge told him the severity of the sentence is based on betrayal of public trust.
More corruption. RT : McGraw is now running taxpayer funded radio ads, pretty convenient since its campaign season.
#movietitlesthatdescribeyourlovelife There Will Be Blood
#OTRC is like the Insincerity Olympics.
My computer died, so I've been using a friends, until I able to get a new one. So I'll be on the move soon! :)
I love Chess , the strategy of the game, the enemy removes the powerful pieces to gain control of the board. What piece has he captured?
Your bias is hurting your credibility. put that clip up on 3/21, while was sitting on his thumb.
you have the worst schedule EVER!
Is it bad that I like the chase better than the reward? #gah !
Its thirsty Thursday! Come get crazy with Robertoflay spinning tonight! Come Bounce with us!!!
Everyone in the world should abide by this rule: If the sun isn't up, I shouldn't be either.
WHAT'S THAT APP CALLED!
RT: We're living longer now. Till our 90's. Y do u need 2have everything 2gether by 23? Live love &stop stressing
have I told you lately that I love you?
gurl we gunna hurt that midget (philip) when we done wit him he gun look like a baboon! (;;
Mercury is retrograding all over my computer!
Maria, great meeting you today! Justsayin' lol (:
The paperback is split into three volumes again--and boxed in clear plastic. Costs $29.95!!!
GO KINGS GO!!!
oh wow mastication juicer #doyou have a brand recommendation?? Green good yes. Planting many greens now for summer juices.
your welcome!
2tds...99yrds is my prediction along with the W of course.
you up late watching?? It's all Bubba now!!!
I agree :)
Don't forget: Pallet = wood
Hey , definitely feeling happy on
where do you play at?
If you look at Twitter, FB, or surf the web at work, OWN UP TO IT. We all see tiny browser in the corner of your screen.
Thanks doll!
RT : Isn't it weird how people can go from talking everyday to not talking at all?
Film fans are still forking over for "The Hunger Games," which took in $33.5 million to lead the box office for a third-straight weekend.
I'm digging Flame! Hip Hop artist for GOD!
We are a Patient Assistance Program that helps people who cannot afford their prescriptions.
One more minute...c'mon Gunners!!!!!!
Rep. Wachtmann thanks aide from House floor for keeping him out of jail. I don't know if she deserves thanks or scorn for that.
difficult takes a day. impossible takes a week! play on, playa.
FOLLOW MEE AND I WILL FOLLOW U BACC PLZZZZ
May Bama lose so profoundly as to never be mentioned in the state of TX again.
Having a fire tonight :) just what I need after a long stressful week #relaxing is the best medicine :)
Note that membership is not an assurance that you will get hired
Agree! RT : Thank you to 4 great insights at offsite today
remember...we're watching two counties for Westerville levy...tight in both Franklin and Delaware
BUT I WANT TO D: I dont even want to open it lmao.
it's the takeover homie
union pig & chicken (Pittsburgh)
Think your better then me? Well here's a gold star you condescending fuck.
Updating librarycopyright.net.
I hate making budget cuts
Camo-ed out, gettin it in at #thebasement SWAG
he'd care if he DIDN'T get it, i bet.
#1 poll, Nook vs Kindle vs IPad. Which would you like to own and why? Reading in sunlight or the dark?
Eh... I guess it didn't get promoted too well and it was prom night so lots of parents were busy. small crowd, big room = weird
how's your twitter action?
Our thanks to Ralphs/Food 4 Less (part of The Family of Stores) for their support of , a school readiness program
Tonight awesome show at the Whiskey! Come join me, 9pm!
I feel like the sleepiest girl in the world. Hope I crash super hard tonight!!
fingers crossed, be well
GORGEOUS MORNING! writing a HOT new song... ;) "Wildfire"
I hope Joffrey gets slapped again this week #GoT...Winter is still coming...
I feel like I've watched too much Beavis & butthead bc I still chuckle at the Cox commercials ...
I hate , going back to #Obama rhetoric. What are you even talking about? #Grassroots will #Overcome, we don't need you!
Why did I not know about colornote until now? Thx
yes will do :)
"#SchoolChoiceWeek is a ridiculous hashtag" yes, it is..#whoseideawasthat?
#WhyILoveYou because you deserve everything but expect nothing.
Can't wait to see tomorrow's NY Post cover. LOL.
Omg, only happens too me. Thank God for my student teacher.
is calling it a nite.g'nite fb family.God bless.
The resemblance is striking! Can I call you Beez?
haha you should have read my bio ;)
When I am older, I will have a little girl. I will name her Stacy. I will be Stacy's mom. I will have it going on.
I was golfing out in the sun all day and got way to crispy...
Your power lies in your people ties
How cool is salt '*' cmd.run "apt-get update" on 1000 machines at once?
I'm blue if I was green I would die if I was green, I would die
#301999 Im the one in the profile pic :) xox My name is Yatzil..
I pray that I listen to my inner voice and follow Gods will for me today
Gee, I've become the most fun/interesting person ever..... -_-
Markets rally on Italy downgrades. Really? When short cover push is over let's see what happens next.
RT : Launch T zero now confirmed as 4:55 am Cape Canaveral time on Sat, May 19. I will be tweeting live from mission control.
They can't login without logging in, yes. To report, just email and point us to the spam.
Thank you for the follow :)
its so fun
turned in early today so i could pick my daughter up from babysitter and spend time with her.
The gym is my favorite place to meditate.
Zendaya is my all!! Bella thorne is flawless !
Hot Chelle Rae just made me like music a little less. I hope the damage is only temporary.
yuhh looked good
hey guys how was your day? my was boring i had school. but the only thing that kept me happy today was you guys. #PEACE&LOVE
are fun.
you better be
Fact: Dreamt is the only English word that ends in the letters "MT".
Happy Mothers' Day to all the mothers of the world. God bless you and enjoy your day!
Bathroom + twitter=heaven lol
A big shout out to the new followers!
JT Noone scores for extending the lead to 602 over with 11:40 left in the game
#raw I dream everday I could be part of your family ! Much love Ellie
I'll be the wedding coordinator and find sponsors for the magazine spread. Done and done.
love FCPX for organization and edit, but this finishing stage is a nightmare. It's designed to be soup to nuts. No OMF export.
Been over here adjusting, editing, and cropping all day!
Man I wanna shoot some at fitness.
Are you needing Great Graphic Design? Contact Galuwi Custom Wall Art Our goal is to provide inspirational imagery focusing on how we look a…
Well it's almost noon..... Who needs a beer?
lmao KG killed the hawks owner in that press conference.
Who is rich? He that is content. Who is that? Nobody.
seriously, i thought you learned your lesson about tweeting and driving at the same time.
Hating on Big Ten =/= credible basketball analysis.
God morning byceps n triceps today
follow me I follow bck
Late night calls with the bestie >>> because we can't go a day without talking :)
No more strange messages or tweets, they say we can now tweet in peace. thank you all for sticking this out with us! #followthebuggy :-)
Hope everyone is having a blessed night
: what is your favorite moviee? :)
sensing is in nyc working w searching for the missing note, aka single for Act II. the force is strong w us
Morning twitter!!!
#ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies talk back at the screen like the people in the movies really hear us..
could you explain crowdsourcing? Not entirely clear to me.
Good perspective.
M, can't wait to be #whitegirlwasted tonight
Doug Wilkin: digital textbooks & teacher.
#design+tech
hahaha... you crack me up.
yes that umbrella has been with me through a lot!
miss them at times but not Boston! Not Boston !
thats gotta feel good:-)
thank you
Such a luxury to spend a day with like-minded historians and preservationists at
I wouldn't lie to you!
Let's go to bayshore, dress like we just got done with volleyball practice, and spend money like it's New York.
Where's your uncle?
My mom is so fucking annoying, like what the fuck
where are you from love
And he loved me more than I could imagine, so I waited till he slept and I stepped into traffic.
Who says that??
I'll take ya when i go back to joisey.
Happy reading, editing & writing, the sun's about to give way to the moon in this part of the planet.
#swaar looking good! Question for participants: Who is gonna win?
ain't that the truth. I'm tired of fighting haters.
Almost lost my girl smh
Was wearing sparkly rhinestone Depends underwear tonight?
got lobster?
Awesome! Glad we could help ;-)
I'm glad to know! Have fun with your fam in Palmdale! I'm doing great as well :) Looking forward for a #Dodgers win tonight!
in Arizona they don't need a permit!
Tea Gift Ideas blog - working on getting that set up and working on Wordpress today.
(: awhh that is awesome!
Music Is The Only Thing That Keeps Me Occupied..I Have Nothing Else To Live For..
Can anyone say why there are empty seats behind one of the nets? Is it the rain or not many in Chicago?
Fun to speculate. I'll look for
My boy just made me a big bowl of veggies while I work on my research paper... love that man.
4 A's 3 B's, but my GPA dropped 😒
I meant to send this earlier and got caught up: Congrats to for co-winning Vance award for excellence in Historical Research.
thanks for the mutual follow. :-)
Next time you update the homepage, add nickthink?
Why hasn't she been at school :(
Where was the DPOY on that cobradick slam?
yeah, too bad it's not mine...
Haha agreed. I strongly dislike Cyrus and think it just smacks of contrived awkwardness. Jeff felt true and right all around
Love the video that just featured at #tribecon!
Kroger is a jungle.
Thank you for the info sir, and congrats that's HUGE, ill have to check it out
That's a good one I didn't think of! :-)
Secret passion for the
Lord, please put a hedge of protection around the good folks in Dallas & the surrounding areas.
July need to come on
i was just thinking the same thing.
#SWEAR T.I and Tiny is the funniest show.
There is no need for additional in-home-diplays for future HAN systems IF you use smartphones for big analytics and energy infographics..
I will when I've got my hair & makeup done :)
i want tweet with u!!!!
Where do they put the gas stations?
He plays Depp really well. Lotsa folks do that. He's just kept his looks. People are comfortable with repetition.
Amazing show last night. Now tomorrow is Sleeping Giant and I need to give away some of this Maine merch...
can you please give a shoutout to ?? Please
lol see u always gotta turn it to negative it was positive...well then again u do look just like ya ma lmao
The look on people's faces while waiting at a bus stop is the same look children make when they can't have any candy.
Shower beer??
#Sourmilk is one of the sickest DJ's I have heard in a while.#LA is def in the house! Follow my twitter
challenge accepted!
It is apparently illegal for an unmarried woman to go fishing alone in Montana.
If i see one more group of dudes walkin around the streets wit jeans tighter than mine im going to scream!! c'mon son you must not be packin
OctoberFest Sales going on all month long at MusicalStop.com MusicalStop.com - Home to Independent Artists Across North America.
thats very true you have to ask permision first
NFL suspends New Orleans Saints coaches, GM for 'bounties' on opponents In sweeping discipline that one analyst called "historic," New Or
Thank you so much for writing it!! You're awesome!! :)
Really don't feel like going into work for a meeting on my day off :P
We're T-Minus 3 hrs from our Launch Party! 9pm, 2nd lvl, Upper Decks Bar by the Hyatt. Stop by for swag & drink tix from & !
kso going over taybows house ina bit . then dance class . the i sleepover . then tomorrow we go to pal and she sleeps over . :)
Now offering 50-25% off at your favorite restaurants! Visit www.BestoftheBayTV.com/Shop for more details!
Alright. I'd even do Ale House, for old times sake haha
Someday maybe actual on-court results will trump "upside' to NBA scouts.
It's just a little rain! Downtowndallas party from 7-9....come rain or come shine! $5 mojitos anyone?
You're right. I think I'll have to write in "Dong" in 2012.
Who has Kik and wants to chat?
yeah, gotta get that together.
Witnessing some severe micro management bullshit. Wow. Glad I'm not the target... Yet? Eek.
@ Glad to know you are doing your civic duty and having a positive outlook at jury duty :)
Wow....a flat fucking tire...lol
I ready to win this game laugh have fun and go home!!!
Haha you classy tho well first impression Lmao n ayy atleast I know someone's reading my tweets Haha
true. that. haha nah, he just has a lot to learn *siigghh* -_-
Fabulous 4's and 5's Storytime is tomorrow morning at 1030! Come on in for this great interactive program for your preschooler!
Anyone know what group was driving those wonderful classic & novelty cars on the Denali Road Lottery 9-19-11 (Monday)?
I love coming to planet fitness!
stupid idea
No, but I'll take whatever he can give us.
Excited for who is headed to this month!
Happy Turkey Day to all!! <3
Happy Birthday Amy Winehouse rip
#fridayreads Drop City by T.C. Boyle, Growing a Farmer by (review up Monday!) and Maple Sugar published by
Calypso, Circe, and Athena all spin fabric in the Odyssey. A domestic skill that represents chastity and sexual cunning and control...hm
Karma IU fans. Karma
LeBron aint want it..Wade pose to finish that smh
Anne Hathaway as Catwoman and Tom Hardy as Bane in the new Batman movie. I guess looks didn't go into the decision 0.o
#trsandswstour will this ever trend
Up bout to get me something to eat
#Notcool thunder, just so
Yeah Though,
give me a shout out fool! & tweet about Q-tip tonight! ;)
Positive thoughts and feelings today! We are one drop in a universe of many. #positive =
It's still surreal that the B's took the Cup! Unfortunately, I missed the game as I'm still in Austin. Let's hope they repeat!!
Somebody's house would have to be burned down at the end of every episode.
#OWS is the 2nd chance for to move radically to the #Left (crash of 2008 was the 1st) Will he take it?
there's a lot of things i don't want to remember...
I am super spoiled.
RT : Watching #MBA students do some field research at Opening Residency by playing tennis!
Oh no! It's Monday!? RT : To cure those #Monday blues, head over to for some cold brew coffee!
Thank you! We realized the need to have our very own page with all the concerts we are bringing that are not
RT : Chinese host family lunch @ Incredible Pizza...good times!
Happy Birthday Bob Marley
Omg I'm your girlfriend !! Not her !
The best part of life is not just surviving, but thriving with passion, style, compassion, generosity, humor and kindness!
Had a really good day and drank a lot of tea. The caffeine will keep me up for a couple more hours, probably. Glad I have no a.m. plans Wed.
Whoa, congrats!!!
Nice day so far.
Just letting ya'll know we back in business. Second album is in the works!! Stay tuned for news on shows. Peace
I don't care about your "accomplishments". If you were that accomplished, you wouldn't either. Certainly you wouldn't keep mentioning them.
if there's a devil , than there must be a GOD .
Cool! My check came today! Doing happy dance. That's my crazy, excited face--> :D
you're going to have so much fun!! And of course I'll come visit! That would be so much fun! :)
You sound like you are feeling better! (nachos with hot sauce?!)
that's amazing <3 I'm so proud of you!
For all your Love & Sacrifice and being there when we need You-Mom's your the Greatest-HAPPY&BLESSED MOTHERS DAY TO YOU-THANK YOU!!!!
Wow this penalty shootout is intense between RM and Bayern.
thanks for the recommendation! Come for some wine and cupcakes tomorrow from 1-2
there are like 5 million birds in my backyard-guess they like the new #birdfeeder!
