STANDING OVATION FROM MY LIVING ROOM ON BEHALF OF THE LOS ANGELES ZOMBIES TTWLA
and I LOVE IT!!!!! The video is awesome!!!!!!! I love you guys and i promise to keep supporting you guys!!!!!
Delays, delays, delays. You can see them as obstacles or opportunities. Your heart desires will determine which one it would be.
you owe me a visit gangster.
too late. her clients put their weights and yoga mats in their rolling backpacks and cut across the field to leave.
Ready to preach at ALWC this morning!
The Business Blog Marketing Kit includes 3 how-to videos and an instructional eBook:
OMG! I swear #Inside the NBA gets funnier every night! LOL
the conference is at the Venetian
Prediction - 1st game of the 2012-13 season Thursday Packers @ Giants. SNF Broncos @ Patriots.
that would be first of the year ya??
Quick. Staring contest. Me and you. Go. #dammityoualwayswin # thatswhyIcomeuphere
Yay for #CharityTuesday! Thanks for the SO! :)
u didnt remember you boob <3 its okay i still ly
i am hoping it is any player from the jazz in the series v Spurs
Preview for tonight's "Revenge" looks insane!
Not yet. And I'll bet they do.
Yes, Pakistani intelligence was involved. We did the opposite of what they told us and bingo, there he was.
ha, that'll work but I was thinking more about putting that together for SXSW!
. esp when they can do it to workers that the majority of other workers don't feel any sort of solidarity with (students)
hahaha calm down RT : exactly! Haven't heard anything more right! Yeee Lebron
I mean... Don't you?
“Don’t waste your time thinking about someone all the time when they don’t bother thinking of you for a second.”
Just dropped my IPhone cracked the entire back of it...wow this is terrible
Remember, today is Monday. Please, Alyssa, calm down.
lol np how old r u?
did you get this from a youtuber cause i feel iv heard of this before
What? A group dedicated 2 supporting Latinos 4 office shuns 4 ? What do they know about Mary?
You mean to tell me Darius Morris still can't get in the game?
[Ephesians3:20] FatherGod is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think according to the HolySpirit Power at work in us.
Let go & it will be yours forever.
LA Invasion this Sunday (11/6) for #ClosetSundays! Special guest !
Scratch allows browsing of the C drive on PCs, is there a way to modify this for student use with group policies? thanks for any tips!
Still up for the #marlins game! #latenightwiththefish I was suppose to get in some z's before cinco de mayo madness
What in the world possessed me to buy an EIGHT PACK of breath savers? My breath will be saved for days and days.
See, the problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time.
Follow me Brandon!!!! :)
The Pack is French and Outcast is British. Netflix ;)
Awesome start
I wish there was a "Skittles" button on my keyboard, then I can get free skittles whenever I want. :)
Start of the #nba season is off the hook so far!
Congratulations on being with Sterling Lord. That's big time!
Gallo “: *RT Contest!* Who was the first Nugget to hit the floor for warmups tonight?”
It's lol
"We need proper brunch music" - my dad
Hey C:
who is in the F4 and who isn't?....obviously uconn > tennessee
i just followed Nick Wooster!!! That is a big step in my life.
One more day and then it's Bruce! Gotta get ready for tomorrow's road trip.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Grass fire has right lane I-39 SB near MM 160 at Edgerton closed. Reduced visability, use caution.
Oh dear... facebook arguements on something I posted... I'm staying the hell away from this one. I understandboth sides, I guess.
And into my car I go for the THIRD time in an hour.
Thanks for following from a diehard Orioles fan! :)
Eli Manning throws over the middle and the #NYGiants must own the best stickum for throws like that... YUCK!
failed again today; still broke
.:My eyes have become the Moon. Wake up to dark, sleep while it's light:.
RT : If you want a true friend, rescue a shelter dog - Amen to that!
Happy 166th birthday Milwaukee! Glad you've got us beat by 80 years!
Get your TAN ON for Spring Break *Specials* Buy ANY UV Tan for $9.33 (Limit 3) Buy 5 Instant Tans for $75! Students get 30% off ANY one item
as do I. I watch most of them twice so i can really pay attention to the young guys. Time to watch some games on my DVR!
you ladies want to hit up Boylan Bridge later? It's gorgeous out!
Ouch. That's a sad statistic! RT : In a recent survey, 39% of adults say marriage has become obsolete.
Overwhelmed by the presence of God! I love leading worship!
We made it to Ohio! In temp housing now, but searching for a new home.
Tonight. Battle of the bands. Bulldog Alley. 8:30PM. Ready to Rock.
Also: We love this project:
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there.
Breakfast @ monona terrace with
Imagination has brought mankind through the dark ages to its present state of civilization
RT : It's a HUMPDAY extended version of the HOT MIX @ 5 w/ on ... TURN IT UP!!! Its a party
Streamlining - decorated the tree in a record 12 minutes this year.
omg I know. He just fucking dies! Wtf!
real talk. Nothing by the realist! I'd suggest you follow.
Just checked final grades. Passed everything & GPA is still above 3! Yes!!!
“: tramp” rude
#Cowboys score early in the first but since then has been a battle of field position. #Jets can't seem to get it going on offense
School tomorrow
Happy monday. Mothers day was great. Now off to the gym to work off all the food I ate.
Superintendent McCarthy to NATO protesters: Come to Chicago. First Amendment rights respected. Criminal activity will not be tolerated.
smile for all them haters
Mariners win in dramatic fashion. 3-run homer in the bottom of the 8th. Shut out the Oakland A's. Plus, garlic fries.
I love that my neighbors let their dog out without a leash. Love a barking dog running at me at 5:45AM.
"You can't say pussy properly, you sound like a DICKHEADDDD" - ctfu i love her😭😂
has been fouled out PLEASE do not punch anything
A bunch of people use words but they dont even know wtf is coming out of their mouth!
Thanks! RT : hey guys I hope you are following - a great resource for local T's.
Love RhyHow! Finally got seated and now will watch the boys dote on Suzanne.
Travel CHannel has the most flavor.
why do you have such horrible partner support? no one EVER answers my emails.
Today I saw some guy watering the sidewalk on 2nd Ave. MLINY
I can't wait for another holiday do then I have an excuse to tweet to and wait, I just did! Hah love you guys <3
yes come visit!!!!
Why can't we have a TV show without a bunch of sex in it?
Had a great day @ FL Dem Party's Jefferson Jackson event.I enjoyed speaking to all the caucuses.Thank u to all my supporters who came out!
Early morning practice. Let's go. Tell a friend about Color Me Valiant today, dont be square.
*flattens myself against the wall as run past me. Quirks brow at following. Shtugs* ah yes, the emotions
It's sad but true. Diet coke really does taste better from Styrofoam cups.
Thanks for the RTs:-)
So hot out
Definitely not, but most of the others are usual suspects like Oakland, etc.
Seriously, allergies - what gives?
Ludovic Borce got his start composing for commercials. I wonder if he's the mad man behind "Gotta go, gotta go, gotta go right now!"
Officially finished with officership for Phi lamb. This is such a weird feeling. praise the Lord for His sovereignty
We are releasing a live vid for John Stokedton tonight! Be the first to catch it and comment ;]
Up later than usual watching made for TV movies. Hilarity in Censorship.
yeah its at -3
Any old school ? :]
I am just listing all your corrections and how I addressed them. I am assuming it's informal but should we provide page numbers?
I am with you on that.. if you get that app friend and we can push together...
Its almost sweet tooth time! Chocolate or carrot cupcakes for $1 or $2 at 3p, loading dock at the corner of NW 13th & Hoyt.
We may have some really cool stuff coming up soon. Details as we find out.
i can be your friend
I just want to throw my phone away, found out who is really there for me ~
HOLY COW
now following.. thanks for connecting
Congratulations again! MT : Lots of response to the launch of www.carolinapublicpress.org, including word from !
You wonder how many many NBA owners are determined to start season on time - and how just aren't.
2011.10.05 #postseason #Diamondbacks 5 #Brewers 2 in 3rd | Another grand slam / let's get it out of the way / and get some runs back
Over thinking <<<<
hope to see u guys tonight at Bowery Poetry club... for the full 11-piece band experience haha... 11pm
Las Vegas realtors looking for a reliable pressure washer turn to Able and Ready when they want the job done right.
Still looking for #Unix #Systems #Engineers for
Well only if the weathermen are right
Make sure to go to our download here tab above to get our EP's for FREE!
Seriously!!! Haha! “: /wish i was with U GURLLLLLLLL.....SERIOUSLY? SERIOUSLY!”
All black lifted trucks are so sexy. Any man who has a truck like that instantly has my heart.
i will check it out; thank you!
"Ladies and Gays" ~ Sue Sylvester. You dirty cougar get away from Blaine's brother cause then you're going to be Kurts step-sister
Q3: One-click filter is when you just want to see stuff from your contacts.
where can I buy a shirt?
Yey, happy b-day! Me and the mrs are planning our staycation as we speak!
Just turned on the Kentucky game. Are the Cats playing Marathon Oil or Athletes in Action?
Thank U for the support! If the LORD says the same we will be working together real soon! :)
You mean like words symbolizing other things?
have fun!
When I go 'back' to Forest Hills next year, I'm going to ignore the bitches who don't know how to forget the past. It's called growing up.
Dressed in 1890s garb? Check. Testing? Check. Resting? Never!
Considering a schedule that will have online and offline 111 classes on different essay schedules. It only makes sense
Can everyone go and like all of his videos. He is so cute and so amazing too. Wow, lets get him noticed. Ok? Thanks <3<3<3<3
Still hoping to see Newbery videos with Legos....
Mass, then cooking dinner for the family. Happy Easter everyone.
The Bascom Group Pays $20M for Repositioned Apartment
thank you! Have a great day
I was an oppressed Catholic School Girl.
What is a child worth? As much or as little as child believes.
Sunset , riverside, fourwheel drive and a tail light circle
Today felt like a Friday
Rigorous training builds strong ascedians RT I don't discriminate on my "hard time" giving
Funny how you're following me now. Funny.
I really don't care anymore
New South Florida Alerts today! See what's going on in South Florida. #southfloridaalerts #southflorida www.southfloridaalerts.com
Make your face look like a different face.
You know you like it. =P
-- Not Den Derrick Rose , Paul Take That Shit To The Rack Getting His Shit Toss , He Not Even Better Then WestBrook
I sure am, we're rolling deep to the LATE Ride!
I really should have taken a nap today.
Our Sea Bass pairs perfect with the #WIneWednesday 1/2 Priced bottle of Flowers 'Andreen Gale' Chardonnay-Tonight $55/bottle
that's good. it doesn't look too bad.
gotta get on the new one, its awesome!
someone should tell her not to wear her heart. ON HER SLEEVE. Cause thats just not smart. -Me
RT : Think like a man was a good movie def a good message to it
omg bristny is so annoying bro i can take no more bro fuck bro
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: A mother talks abt a bullet just missing her 3 mo. old baby in her bassinet this morning!
But if you never try you'll never know just what you're worth
uhm what's your number fooo? ;)
no it is Wednesday April 25th
“: Happy Birthday karleeelovesyou !Love you! :)” thank you :) I love you, too. :)
Cellar Dark should be on at The Inferno
math & spanish trimesters tomorroww #soeasyy (y)
fast life, drug life, thug life, rock life, every night!
bumpin det dolph S T U P I D !
Holy hell...
Thankyou for listening! Make sure to like us on Facebook so when we reach 500 likes we can post a new song! :)
Thanks, Robert! I added you to my "Marketing Experts" list. :) -Benjamin
My mom is truly an inspiration to me.
Great day of interviews! Thanks AGT TEAM
i haven't played it in such a long time.
Get your orders in EARLY!Print schedule is filling up!Start your orders on our Facebook,or call 720-542-6105...I'm answering the phones!!!!
Or you're doing it right.
I have every intention of turning happy hour into a happy evening.
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. - Jack London
Uneventful flight. On train to Rotterdam.
That's how I claim to know you. :D
I wish I wrote more in the twitlonger. Really I do. I wish I would've told Justin in detail how much fucking strength he gives me. How happy
The coat I got for at @ gets compliments EVERY DAY. I'm quite a good shopper.
Good Morning twitter, have a happy Hump Day, much love the AI crew!
so that's what's going on in #redsquare ...
Tip 'o the Hat to the #librarians who put Tintin in the library when I was a kid even though the books were still in French.
Book is all consuming. Really hard to concentrate on anything else.
I will!
Everyones saying its national kiss day.. where you at m8? muah! ;*
Wondering why the band get's more photo views than plays on social networking sites. Apparently we are more better looking than talented.
NIALL!! PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!
Ought Oh.. Keep us posted, Tracy!
Um bout to call you ma'am so I can give you a quick lesson LOL smh
that's great brother! That's 18 men destroying black men stereo types.
#TwitterTip Be generous with your Re-tweets and in time you will be noticed. via
much better knowin my baby's good!
Adele has more balls than the limp dick foo fighters.
can u tell PaigeBieber_1D to unblock me idk I did nothing I cant follow her
oh, I'm not sweatin' it. I just don't understand how I've had weird follows lately, but am still under the devil #!
Yea. What time is it there?
looking into it now
Alan Rosenberg says his son can't write cursive and either can his friends. Media is changing, too.
Waka plans to retire this year I'm estatic.
Yes indeed. :) It's only disturbing when it's during "Singing Down in Dixie", though.
"No" is also one of my most despised words. However, I am also not a fan of "MINE!"
Councilman Cecil Thomas said at the Fire Fighters Dinner that he will join the Walk!
You see, I'm one of those people who lived sensibly and sanely hour after hour, day after day
That sucks.
thank you to my new fans!!!!you rock. welcome
Of course Bo Ryan gets a contract extension.
Confucius say...Crowded elevator smells different to midgets.
You must have been reading my mind. It is exhausting. Happy Mother's Day! DW
I'm right there with you!
Thanks for processing my credit card payment twice. That's just what I needed this week.
So you see no difference? Are you saying the SEALs that got OBL did the same thing as OBL then?
Which fast food joint has the best Oreo shake? Quick quick!! I need suggestions :)
Tweet me.I need people to chat with to get my mind over this.Who wants to make a twitter group of friends?<3
Thanks, you smelly Vag pants.
BEYOND THE BADGE 5K Run/Walk, Sept. 25 Also a 1.5-mile Family Stroll. Teams & Individuals. Register now! www.Love2Run5K.com
I freaking love him lol
The Most Perverted Vegans in the World.
Hey there! Thanks for following us!
What has a better chance of happening: Financial Reform in November or #prop8 when it reaches #SCTOUS?
RT : Plenary speaker Steven Johnson will sign his books @ the EBSCO booth after the McGovern Lecture. Bring your copy.
Getting ready to head back...boy do I miss the Texas state of mind. Good to be back if only for the weekend.
Be generous with praises but cautious with promises!
ok now it works:) who likes my bg?? :D
Great big fella! Good to hear from ya. U doing alright?
If you had to Instagram it, it wasn't worth tweeting.
Good morning Ironmen!!!!
Does anyone know when will be playing ?
Physical play is now being rewarded by a lot of fouls being called!
hahah yeah at least i'm not the only one! i'm sure other people won't do it too
I wanna throw a party.
appreciate it! it's off the chain around here! #doingbigthings! Thanks for the compliment!
Thanks for the RT :-).
Gentleman, remember to be a noble prince...not a scurvy knave
Dude that just said twitter is stupid <<<<<
Jeffrey uses too - unlike taking notes on your Iphone, this enables us to tag notes & become more organized
Destination Vacation! If you could get on plane and fly to anywhere in the world for your very own private concert, where would you go...
Need auto #repair? We can ease the burden on your insurance through the internet.
that is true huh lol well I might be taking classes at fade this summer I don't know yet
u have be specific delayed but not denied...
we need to sign Andre the keeper.
Meet the Grantmakers is gearing up!
What is happening to #NBA stars? #Kobe #CP3 #Dwade all playing like me... Horrible!
let's boat out of state and go clubbing ;)
So my sister finally decided to shower after a couple days
That's a wrap for me and #SundayBest Season 5 Auditions.... Dallas, DC, ATL and St. Louis. Nice journey and fun moments :)
No you won't...make sure you follow the directions, and you'll feel fantastic.
Live jazz tonight at The Palm Court in The Drake Hotel featuring The Rose Colella Quartet 9-12:30 thedrakehotel.com
living on the edge that's how...haha
CALL FOR TICKETS
forget it :(
down, let's make some images
I hate when people say they gone do something & don't do it
" just a slug with twitter on her belly"
Any stops in SF. Ended up at Philz near 24th & Mission. Good wifi but not that comfortable.
I'm so happy for/proud of you! Yay!
Thats right baby thats what we do
you still do it, hypocrite. :b
I wouldn't have it any other way!
And Wieters redeems himself for several earlier bad swings tonight.
I think switching between #hgtv and #msnbc at gym says a lot about my personality...
Who do you think are the top 3 rappers out right now?
Excellent point on Troyzan needing to save it for the confessional.
Thank you brewers for letting us down.
Getting washed up here on Westbrae. They did a good job. Now gotta finish the rest of my shopping itz my son bday wknd gotta find me sumthg
The purpose of a manuscript is to stay alive long enough to be copied.
I would kill to see Tropical Malady on the big screen. One of my favorites ever. If you guys could pull that off...
You don't know you're beautiful?
yea it's horrible as a working musician flying... The airlines suck... #boycott.... POOF !!!
when youre a bitch to someone.. then you feel bad after
Am in love wit a pigx:-)
depending on the gifting friend's means, of course.
Please tell me how I can visit the iCarly set, you have no idea how much I want to meet the cast. I live in LA too so it's possible
Shout out to my guurll ! Follow her!
I love this picture of Criss
good morning to you sir!
RT : #tnt2 #heweb11:Awesome idea-allow students to submit:30 videos to celebrate faculty&staff who helped them to graduate
lmaoo the worst decisions always make the best stories :P
I'll add my voice here as well. Good luck tomorrow! :)
happy mothers day!!
Has anyone seen #Limitless?One of my faves. Feel like I took some NZT and all circuits are firing. Look out #awesome I'm coming for you!
Thanks guys. I was so confused. That could've really backfired.
A1: Love social networking for books. Please see German site TUBUK, which is Goodreads/Amazon/facebook hybrid
yep, lots of risks. not something a president facing a difficult reelection campaign usually does.
im not restin til i reach my goals
California Governor at the time and Marine veteran Pete Wilson getting a shoutout in a Tupac song.
Yelling at Siri about a recipe: "Does it look like a Bisque? Does it look... like a bisque?!?!?!"
Santa is the biggest pimp. He comes and goes in less than 5 minutes, calls you a HO, and leaves before you get up.
That shit. Is done.
Yo you in chicago w the trio?
O PLEAS BELIEVE I WONT B
The idea that it was conceived of as good by any one at any point is equally bonkers.
being a father lol
Oh the media! The PAtriot Way is still intact but thanks for making it super strong!
Thanks for following check out our website and join us! Free advertising for local businesses! Tell a friend!
about to hit the stage!
you are very ignorant to say that everything in the bible is relevant, have you read it lmao ?
we love you too!
Because the PDS customer base is a very unique and specific group of people, traditional methods of marketing simply weren’t working
Hi Mikayla Thx for the follow. Boiling Springs... That could get uncomfortable. Best
haha I know. Your weird like that ;)
": The price of freedom is not free.Please remember all American #Veterans today,especially those who made the ultimate sacrifice."
sorry i didnt see your reply, yess haha my books going to be featured at the Academy awards!
Just once I would like to get on the deans list...just once >_< and i'll be somewhat satisfied with myself!! D:
IF YOU CAN TEACH ME SOMETHING NEW, I WILL REALLY APPRECIATE YOU....
Now it's time to sit back, relax, and enjoy the music :)
great that's .0083% of abortions that I don't have to pay for, the reality is it will take a lot of small cuts ()
in Pioneertown, CA would make a perfect setting for this tour.
I did using costcos online service thru stationary.com. Letterpress. Really pretty and great price. Gatsby was also really good 2!
That actually sounds like bits of several movies: Independence Day, Stargate, Fire In the Sky, & The Forgotten come to mind
miss you, you joben!! 2 months and counting!
Time to vOte!!
#Blues music all night long. The Blues Orphans will be in the #speakeasy. One of the best local groups and we love having them.
Schweet! Let's go #Celtics! Should be an awesome game!
Two classes and the weekend begins! Miranda, Chris, and Jerrod tonight!
Has your NYE resolution weight loss slowed? Don't forget to change-up your routines regularly to keep your body guessing!
Collins decision to pull Turner (9-15 at the time) for Louis Williams (3-8 at said point)....continue
in a way I rather see Spuds out of the CL
Commissioner Smiley, "This is a land use item." Inference---community input of little import.
thanks for answering my questions (about acne) and my Mom's (weight loss)
Brb , drowning in the sea . Sinking to the bottom .
lol that phone prolly look like a giant to you
don't be fooled...Reggie only skips the hat to save his hair!! I don't have any hair to worry about!!
excited for the opening!
praying for you & a quick recovery!
Loosing keys to work vehicle = NOT GOOD!!
Still got the taste of the weekend !!!...I'm thinking about going 2 the club after work ...
Whenever I try to eat less carbs it lasts about two days, and then I eat all the carbs I missed in one sitting.
Yeah, it's disappointing so far.
I need to get a job.
If healthcare is a biz - u get treated like one. Meaning someone has to profit and it ain't the sick.
They just haven't caught up with me yet.
Thanx for the Twitter love Mike
Evening all bet you wish you were down the gym
cuz I talk bad about him and my mom's relationship lol
you're such a creeper :) creepin' on people all the time <>
On July 9. 1825 a gas balloon was launched from Castle Garden with General de Lafayette in attendance.
I swear... Sometimes, I want to rip my fucking hair out -.-
Q : How did you met Justin ? A : We met in Atlanta, he was dating my sis. I found him cool and then we became friends and blablabla...
- so great to see you on Leno!!
that is definitely a nice place to be eat a sandwich!
Did you know that we have an association in S.W. Louisiana? They're meeting May 13. @ reply for info!
hell yeah, good call i agree shits annoying but i have no idea #helpme :/
: in managing social content, important to have a good data source such as which is what uses.
If God's listens to gay men then absolutely!
ewww..yeha i have my last biology paper next monday! all my exmas are over by the 29th of may! so excited :)
I hate when im eating cereal and the last 3-5 peices are like "Catch me if you can nigga!
Holy balls, I'm tired. Warped was amazing though :).
A ringing endorsement. :-)
he's still out??
it's snowing. woohoo. that means it's time for the panda hat. yup. panda hat. :)
see you tomorrow! Im landing in LAX :30. Excited to work the #JessicaSimpsonCollection again with you!
Why thank you Ms. Battiste it just happens to run in our family ;)
My next class is physics....i hate that class -_-
Getting treated like shit is never fun =/
How you goin??
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Your such a strong girl!!! Don't let anything stop you!!! 😊
Woo! Congrats Sean R!
Well put.
Congrats to the Sonics....I mean #Thunder for crushing the #Mavericks. I am still mad at Howard for selling the team.
So very true!! It's really embarrassing.
HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY! I dated an Irish girl once.... I wonder if she's outta jail yet??!!!
hey you! How's life!
Amazing video shoot yesterday for Unwell. 12 hours of hard work. What a great team. Thanks to
Sending love to my newest followers
yuh can't scare me away, if m going anywhere its probably too far
not today. Just got back to Seattle from Japan tonight. Sleep soon.
Just met top officials at US Securities & Exchange Commission in DC to demand disclosure of corp. election spending. Must keep up the heat!
I think there are few things I love more than cooking and baking and then eating it all with my friends :)
Just heard Candlebox on the radio & was instantly taken back to High School parties & when we saw them play at a small club on our honeymoon
what did you think of that ranger win!? Crazy. Best year ever for NY sports
Me:OMG ...My BF:What...ME:Harry Stylis is so hot i just saw a pic...My BF:I thought i was hot ...Me:yeah u could say that but harry hottier
The human heart creates enough pressure while pumping to squirt blood 30 feet!!
different job and i am applying every where i can think of.
Thank you!
Thanks, Mary Jane ;)
I agree 100%
I'm DONE trying.. DONE.
I don't even think God can help us with that one...
im not saying my boyfriend is thick ,but yesterday when we had a gas leak she put a bucket under it
I'm so tired... so I'm gonna sleep:) I shall dream of my lover penises tonight:) LOL
Thank you! RT : Good book! MT En route to dinner w/Steve Hoffman, fr book The Imaginations of Unreasonable Men
I retract my previous statement!
we're working hard to make buying and selling super easy. Follow us for updates.
Duke leads Michigan 66-55 in the 2nd quarter.
yeah! i've gotten to meet him about 5 times :p what about you? and thats what im hoping for! :)
F everybody. Had the worst day ever. Hopefully it'll get a little better, bouta swim w/ my cousin loves. But I'm out. No one hmu.
#Phillies Cole Hamels suspended five games and fined undisclosed amount. Hamels could pitch Sunday against Padres.
Happy Platypus Day Everyone
resistance to new ideas is often differences in mental models; explore to expose & expand
And steak.
Everyones on Jonny Craig dick and they don't even know who he is lolzz.
we can try
Bodybuilding is much like any other sport
already my nig!
Robin Hood: Prince of Themes is on TV tonight, and I can't stop looking at Costner's mullet.
#20topfavouritesongsever Nas - The World is Yours
Going to go camping one weekend, who wants to come :D
sean penn can burn in hell, same with bruce springsteen
been great!! you??
Our best player OG scores again!
Maybe he was hungry? What kind of restaurant was it?
Yeah he do... lmao.
You should know that you're in the running to become my apple of choice, replacing the
It's good if it's under 1 minute. Dramatic or Comedic. Age appropriate to the range you play. (:
What exactly does "Jo Smith added you back" mean on Google+?
glad i got my music n beatz back, cuz i swear other stuff is killin me right now...
Pale ass girl wearing shorts and uggs walking down downtown Milftown...
If City loses this, it have to be one of the biggest chokes in history.
follow back?
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool i will hopefully hug a certain someone
I don't mind 2 women getting married. Real players know the more ass in the house the better. If she suck pussy she ain't faithful
May I have your attention please... May the real Slim Shady stand up?
RT Fuckin yelawolf is gon be at rtb. DONT MAKE ME GO POP THA TRUNK.. ON YOU ←listening to that as we speak O_o
I would give my right arm for this!
Theres only one head bitch...ME!!!
lol I would've blocked her after that. Stick it to the man! well.. Woman..
#visionconf Yes! Millenials are ready to be "wired in" to conserve our future ;-) lets do this!
Can't sleep dreaming with my eyes open
I haven't sent y'all the intro yet... Produced by
If They Only Televised Real Niggas You'd See Less Footage
Ads that portral #multiculti talent as target see better results via YES! is good at this
It is always the wrong time of month.
Admitting universal DLib is technically feasible; but omitting necessity for providing exquisite resources & services for acceptance
thanks chan miss you too!
#ILoveHow You're the best perspn to call my inspiration <3
Hair Cut... Photoshoot in two weeks, can't wait for everyone to see 😘😲
I think/hope Vamp Elena will be more like Elijah ...
Off to watch Anna Bolena opera w Megan. After last night, it's ironic to watch Henry VI kill his wife as something to cheer me up
Hi Joe's Crab Shack....
#Spanish lesson for the day. An "H" at the beginning of a word is silent. Example, Hacienda is really (A-Cien-Da).
": If I was able to tell my story with passion, my lecture might help others find a path to fulfilling their own dreams
great work! It's nice to see that the Found. values both recording performances AND preserving them for the future.
#followFriday Follow , great marketing for celebrities!
Wondering why Twitter is recommending that I follow pro golfers and Nascar drivers??
No, we unfortunately didn't have spreadsheet as a category for technology, genre, or place. . .
Just when things are getting ugly, they scrap hard to get that extra goal. 2 legit 2 quit. Go Timbers!
Yesterday, Lisa Jarmon got the surprise of a lifetime on She’s getting a brand new KB Home. Watch the video:...
You can download our songs for FREE too:)
exactly. Franchise him twice. After that he'll be entering his 7th yr. RB's aren't too productive that late in their career
Hell Yeahh! Blue Slide Park Is Now On iTunes.
She finished in 5:35.12. Hopefully she'll let us know how she's doing soon. Must have been brutal at 85 degrees.
fluffy cats FULLY ENDORSE second breakfast
Absolutely, reach out to Dale Hartwig, NE Ohio District Leage Coordinator at for help finding a league
thanks to all my peeples who threw me up on ya list i see you! :) feel free to add me on your list :)
I wish I had long hair.
could you DM me an email address? Have some things you may like to check out, but the email on your site said over quota.
ill be in ct June 7
Another song for my new album is almost done! Can't wait to release it!!!
Terminator 3, dry firing the 9mm and slamming wine. Happy new years eve!
Multi-tasking in the studio...marketing, guitar maintenance, producing, teaching music students.
Jeremiah feared his youth somehow disqualified him from his destiny. Don't let what you won't always be hold you back from divine destiny!
Is really laughing about her brother falling while noone was home & him somehow falling on his phone & calling the cops?! HA!
Not unlike a #coxcable priest letting me pray directly to #God, in the Catholic vs Protestant sense.
Wish a nigga would like a tree in this bitch
peace.✌ punch.👊 capt'n crunch.🍝
If you're incoherent ... wow. That bears much thinking and consideration ... thank you!
Shouldn't have listened to them
Gilt Group is the No.1 competitor for magazine talent via FASCINATING
well, if naked pillow fights with gay boys is your thing, then I'm down!
- I just want to be able to follow more people... There are too many interesting things going on!
Hey is it true you own the last air-cooled 993?
And interesting question came up in the office... Do you prefer local cover bands or local original bands? Which are more appealing to you?
Michael Doyle talking about holistic branding at Denver metro chamber of commerce.
you reply hella slow
Liberals would sell out the USA to any enemy, capitulate, for their version of socialist peace! PEACE AT ANY PRICE, IS TOO HIGH OF A PRICE!
DC hack sounds good. Let's catch up
I did NOT want to bail. was lying.
Blackhawks lose, DRose tears ACL, baseball teams blow...one of the worst weeks in Chicago sports history! When does football start?
quality start? Is that a joke? He had a 40+ pitch inning against the terrible Padres offense.
lack of fake blood running out your nose there...
this algebra study guide is hard af. It's too many problems!
"Agreed! ☺ : Totally! Listen more, Hurt less!"
: RT : BREAKING: 'American Bandstand' host Dick Clark is dead, according to spokesman Paul Shefrin
Stay away from energy drinks, they're loaded with sugar! And if they say 0 sugar they'll have artificial sweeteners. Stick to tea!
About 100k Californians about to lose their unemployment benefits. Why a drop in the unemployment rate isn't a good thing for them.
Just had a 'one and fun' at the bar, made by Lorenzo. Thanks for the heads-up; 'twas a fine espresso experience!
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing. - Abraham Lincoln
Have you seen the Part 3 shout-out in 30 Mins or Less?
Looks like you need to find a new dry cleaner.
ha!! No way
This is also my favorite of theirs, and I saw at least half performed live many moons ago, great memory.
Haha me too. And thank you! I like your name too!
Codys album isn't coming out til August. I won't be listening to Simpson on the way to Washington DC & Tennesee this summer :c </3
Plus it's probably still snowing up there.
: The bouncer at the party just took my...CISSP card as valid id #ShmooCon” lulz < validates douchebaggery?
Finally about to cook, can u say hungry,lol
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 30
that's awesome. I want to see pictures some day
yo. i gave up facebook 4 lent. if u need a chuckle, check out & especially coatesy.
Are the same 6 of you clicking my photo links every time, or is it kinda random?
Good morning beautiful, beautiful Sunday!
likewise. It went really well! I'm gonna throw the video online next week or so. Can't wait to come to CHI town soon!
5 more minutes until the drawing! 1 new follower and whoever recommends them to follow get a free copy of "Illegal Procedure"!
Wade sit down.
God is good
You may need to find a local butcher. To me it looks similar to the cut of beef used for most carne asada
super jelly. gambino is a mastermind
Everybody should go follow because he is awesome!! He is a #guymahomie and #guybelieber!
#fuckfriendship. its complete and utter bullshit.
Hey Devon! :D Are you going to be answering questions now?
eating some firehouse subs. m m
A+ for service so far #montage spa deer valley
Just ran into a guy I haven't seen in 30 years. He doesn't look anything like I remembered. That's a eye opener.
I didn't know that a baby can sleep so WILD.
LOL...so all the people who bought those stupid "shape up" shoes, like the three in my building, we're scammed! Too funny!
thanks for the tweet sean! hope to see you there!
Happy Mom Day
⁰RT/ I just got 2 hear a bit of your music...very talented group u are!
"We need to to learn not to fear illnesses of the brain,"
That's true. They should have suspended him for 5 starts. That would have made more sense. I'm still happy that he's suspended tho
Hilarious. My dad used to call me that sometimes when I was little!
Good Morning, Milwaukee! We're up and at 'em early, thrilled to be hosting 's Cabinet Meeting in our new space. Welcome!
dude! Returned your phone call.. No answer :(
My sinus allergies are bothering me so badly today a casual observer would think I'm jonesing for a hit of cocaine. Itchy, itchy, itchy!
This is funny, the little snowman Nicki & Ben made has a Twitter account. #bachelor All Courtney can make is Emily cry.
Yummy Moms making Cinnamon Rolls they smell so good
HEP co-sponsoring the 24th annual Gospel Fest today. Got rained out before I could get a picture of our banner onstage! Reconvening shortly
Seriously. He thinks I'm being a wuss, but I keep thinking they're going to start talking. Got his first as a post-tour tip, got the bug.
it worked! Haha thanks
The Texans are a much better football team than their record indicates. Stay positive fellas - your time will come!
I'm so blessed
but if the folks i knew ever said "meme," they never said it around me. to your credit, you were sick of "blogosphere" before most.
My dad is tight as fuck!
jon please dont encourage her...
Just won my soccer game and made a goal!!!(: I #love soccer <3
yo cat. I'll definitely try to support when u touch down in DC. I'm playing thu-sat but Sunday is open now. Big up!!
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light
Watching Brewers and Badgers from Twin Cities. They're so jealous here
I'm never on this account anymore..... Go follow my other one--->>>
Omw to school lets see what today brings
RT : Outdoor game at soldier field against Minnesota next year. #badgers >> Was Hobbs already booked or something? Should be fun!
Thx! Must admit, we got a llittle excited that ppl liked the post (there may have been an OMG! involved)
Leading worship at the #worshipcircle this Saturday at Eastern Hills Baptist Church in Garland at 7:30 PM. Boom chika boom.
Just accepted a job at J.Crew. :)
Hey Andrew. Thank you for an awesome six years and a ton of support for Milwaukee's hungry! Best of luck to you in G.S.!!!!
I'd love to see make a green #windowsphone Lumia 900 with #kiddori preinstalled. Something for to carry. :-)
Celebrating something or wanting a cheap, but upscale night out??? MENTION TO US "I WANT THAT DEAL" for $100 bottles/table special!
You know that quote? “...Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea." - yep... me too. :(
u don't have to tweet me I'm sitting next to u.
So excited to find #vegan #peanutfree #nutfree marshmallow
Enjoying some oatmeal then off to bed
“: reading all the tweets about has me so excited cant wait to see what they have in store to celebrate Easter "
#fridayreads Love-love-loving Moon Over Manifest!
Lakers disappointing me!
Cool! RT : #RunLA I've found it easier to run using iPhone app, cadence.fm. Plays songs at 180bpm. Keeps you in the flow.
The vendor meeting trifecta today: one each of VOIP, phone, and in person. Think I need a martini.
Me & hate watching fights with amateur boxing fans
I'm gonna go to work today and play guitar. Have fun with whatever it is you do.
NFL football at Fatso's!
Nah, thx, I got the missus swinging by on her way
Working on my vintage 80s geek t-shirt collection. I have voltron, king's quest, and the oregon trail so far...
If the #SKYFALL teaser poster doesn't have Bond missing a leg then I won't have it!!
Noon is too early for a hockey game.
yes!! get them :) lmao they are a lot of fun
Many Royals have done so, most recently Joe Randa. Less common now, with such crazy money they can have two homes.
One page, please! When I see 'next page,' I usually click off
Sum head will be nice right about now
...or just play in the orchestra. He told me his great happiness was seeing one of his kids follow his heart and passion
No matter where you are going you need others to help you get there.
what kind of error message does it give you?
#Question Who is your favorite Islander?
Does anyone have a good job board recommendation for the San Diego area? Craigslist has been lacking lately!
Follow follow follow follow follow the yellow brick road... To my twitter page
of course has no reservations available during BEA.
Beautiful Blue fin number 1++++ fatty and fattest tuna arrive right now, come quick folks.
Awake  and as usual i missed just about evey single one of tweets last night  maybe il be lucky today tho 
Seeking Him Is the beginning to wisdom. Neither books nor education can teach the un-phatomable love. Only God can unlock this wisdom
Writing about #vday. Anyone start dating in the last month?
I was in the front!! Basically in the gate thing because people kept pushing me ha!
I smell a 2 hitter RT Padres call up former Brewer Jeff Suppan to start Wed. He's 12-2 lifetime vs Brewers in 20 starts.
Paying an in house artist $15-$20/hr for 8 hours a day?? That's fine if they're busy 8hrs a day 40hrs a week....
“: Love can not grow without passion. ❤ Greek Proverb” but would you want it to?
Need something to do .
Tons of attendees here, getting sessions into slots now. This is great!
jealousy if flowing through me right now!
happy birthday bro! Couldn't be happier for a Mavs fan and fellow Arsenal fan. Btw Dirk shouted u guys out at AllStars !
RT if you believe that Justin Bieber is Beautiful ♥ ♥ ♥
may the schwartz be with you!
The moto saloon has a tempeh reuben and an ipa for me and it wins for best place in cville, yeah.
Let's see a pic of those new TShirts, man!
Just got finished resting my eyeballs....
my new trainer rocks! did planks, pushups & arm weights, squats whew..and after ran on the treadmill for 20 min. I am running again yea!! ;)
tonight with the family!! We are going to celebrate for my boy who just got famous
Waiting around for a phone call <
you can tell when you've become a real open source developer when even the most innocuous questions send you into burning internal rage.
hmm, from the looks of my speed, maybe one before tomorrow and maybe five within the end of April haha
$14 in ATM fees huh? I'm sorry u dont have banks in SF but dont charge me for it. Im sorry this isn't working, it's you not me
Me too but hoping it passes through by the time I leave work =)
work work all day long
Good Morning, i think. Here i am working another full weekend. After 3 months of working every Sat and Sun, i finally got two Suns off in
Ah studio life, you can be so tedious.
Jim: about time for a catch-up call, yes? you know how to reach me & I'll have a car getting worked on from 8-10a CST so try me!
#Clippers just scored 9 points in about 33 seconds to close out 1st half, gotta love it.
Haha no problem :) You'll have fun with it!
RU tapping 's email to figure out conversations she's having? You didn't even establish what Breitbart ppl were there.
Tweet me who is the cutest in #OneDirection ? ♥
i love hearing all the boo's when steps up to the plate in stl.
Spoken like a true wise man.
Parker is so dope!!! Poolside lemonade is trouble.....
thank you so much youre perfect <3 i really appreciate it
#Transformers, more than meets the eye.
important people.
where that be big O?
whats good wit ya?
I put some funk in the air for moms dukes,this one goes to our moms.
happy fathers day to every dad in the wrld luv u dad and always had
no freakin idea!
"If America has a future, Jazz has a future. The two are inseparable." George Russell: Lydian Chromatic Concept of Tonal Organization
We finally had rain last night, and then today we were upgraded to stricter water conservation rules. Makes sense, yes?
headed to MAINE for a few days <3
So who u talking bout on ur tweet
1 Game left in Valley play and we could have 6 teams tied for 3rd at 9-9 - or 6 teams tied for 8th depending on your viewpoint
Because of the weather system/snowfall that is expected to hit the Seattle area, we will be closing at 5:00pm today.
I hope she is on the mend and feeling better.
I have the day off. Looking to see something to make me say 'Yes! This is why I live in San Diego!' (Thinking Bull Taco today!)
no he used to but I blocked him by accident :(((
sounds like a plan.
Sign me up Archbishop Cooper!
Its so late I think ima wake up monday
the plural of analysis hurts me to say and type.
irrelevant. knicks are done.
#mudmelt Julia talking about connections and how this underpins her work in showcase!
"Due to the proprietary nature of the process, we will not share with you the criteria by which we detect personal orders. "
Hey, thanks for the follow! Your art is incredible, I'm def a fan!
aww are u okay!!
Totally ready to go back to the office and continue to work on social crisis plans after #mimatweet presentation!
Just hung up wit .. New video is boutta be tweakin!!
To the entire panel: how do you believe people can get more involved with the community to prevent violence?
just don't start wearing that greasy hair stuff. It's gross.
U niggas still wearing Aeropostale to the club? 👳🔫 kill yoself!!!
I think it's about the same for me -- I was 12, I am 44! (I worked the BBSs from my TI-99/4)
follow me!
Wow, way too much airtime has been spent tonight on the Marilyn statue coming down. I'm certain there's more pressing news in Chicago...
have you met yet?
Ah feels so good to play volleyball again! <3
Are you all caught up on Terrible People?? www.terriblepeopleshow.com
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year
Sea House in Napili Maui is off the charts amazing
goin to nelson's to ride before it get's dark
DVD review: The Song of Lunch via
Note to self: no one's mind has ever been changed by your internet snark, no matter how brilliantly worded.
Tonight! RT Playing in what seems like DC's little piece of Manhattan, Kramer Books and Afterwords Cafe 8pm
yes Rafi? Why are you sad?
And I don't feel guilty for wanting to feed our poor and homeless rather than worry about Kony 2012!
I am country. Thank you!! I am proud!
my point is that he is a kid. You're talking about the pinnacle of the sport...they are all talented
i might how do i enter?
Timberwolves' Kevin Love not w team for Monday's game against Pacers because of concussion and a neck strain.
Gettin ready to go to my homegirl wedding reception gna be a good night
*20 Years!* is celebrating their 20th Anniversary, & remains a fertile oasis in the TV wasteland.
Pastors' preach "Judge not Lest ye be Judged"
Great people talk about ideas. Small people talk about others.
WFYW so thin, watching for a break....
Chris Bosh, MVP.
so youre in the semifinals now?
Heard Mariah Carey was hanging at The Abbey tonight. Who cares? I met Ethan & Barbara Gruska from at a piano bar tonight!
13:35 left in the third. Oakland leads Penn State 3-2
hahaha you love it 😁
Oh its my fav T-Ara song!
were you at the CVS on Beverly and La Cienega because that place SUCKS. Happens there all the time, sometimes with a mini riot.
more like.. life-partner bells. hahah.
hope you will be joining us!
#shoutout to my new #follower follow her now!
You like the red eclipse
I send u a direct message go read it
go king george beat those heat !!!!
Thanks for checking in with us , & !
Been editing for 3 years and i will not ever stop
I hope you start posting more workouts. I love how u use ur own version of Insnity in them. Keep doing your thing!
Had a long day fina lay it down for 2nite
not so sure about this kid yet
New long distance listener award, tune in to find out who & where
can I get a shoutout?
Thanks for the advice. The unit is covered now, but I think it's old and falling apart, so hopefully it's fixed by AT&T.
the next time ur told u aren't a 'real' journalist, ask the reporter how many ppl their work has gotten exonerated!
I miss you so much wah):
u just came from outta no where. Lol u ain't out partying??? Oh shit hold up did u just graduate!?
not that my vote counts for much but you still make me laugh! Chin up bud.
Two days until Mastermind screens at Comic-con! Thur 9:45, if you happen to be there.
Is gorgeous.
thinking it'd be kind of awesome if the Avengers opened to the dollhouse theme, and the heroes step out the coffins with :)
ben Tate or Toby gerhart
thought of you first.
Thanks man!
Well thank you =)
nice! Enjoy guys!
I love these tweets, they're powerful.
I'm so bored ;P what's up?
That means . Now following back
glad you liked it! I play the secretary!
in that leash, oh my gosh that was too funny. I always judge parents when I see their kids wearing those ridiculous things!
Send Direct Message if interested in playing in Fantasy Football League in Denver area. Draft will be Next SatorSun. Fee is only 25-50.
Cant go to sleep. But im tired?
Holy cow, all these #NFL tweets, I can hardly keep up.
Excellent! I'm also an alum as well as an employee. Small world :-)
Franciscan ROAD Clinic team is looking forward to seeing everyone 9 a.m. tomorrow at Marine Park for the 2012 Tacoma Arthritis Walk!
Transferring digital files- aka taking first steps towards digital preservation...
I can honestly say that "War Horse" has the most heroic plowing scene ever committed to film.
Haha, it's been a long day of fighting with ActiveRecord...
lol it's a catchy song!
I'm not stupid 😒
lol. It is if your weekend starts today! Like me. Lol.
Why did Bard not start the 8th?? The lead was only 2 runs....Tito blew this game.such a momentum killer for the win streak
Sacrifice is doing something you’ve never done to get something you never had. ~ Suzanne Evans
In San Juan. Enjoying ourselves.
Promotional idea: a series of three pieces that work together can increase your response rate by 50%
spain WILL get it, you guys just have to be a little patient so we can fix the language :)
Met tonight with West Side residents at New Covenant Baptist Church for a GOTV message.
I hate the fact that once I state that I'm afraid of feet, everyone wants to put their feet on me.
Character is higher than intellect... A great soul will be strong to live, as well as to think. -R W Emerson (via )
aye follow the rest of one direction! and mee:)
One more day of shooting...Stay tuned for the premiere of the first BWE original show -- "My Block"...
the suit in your profile pic is baller.. Who's the designer?
Lets go heat!!
Yeah ezra way to kick jackie out of your life! score 1 for Aria!
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
top down in the winter dats wat winners do
We stuffed ourselves silly with breakfast type foods and then went to Phipps. Now, hanging out at home.
I'm just happy I know folks who feed me plenty of nommy treats! BOL!
You're very welcome, and I hope that you enjoy the rest of your birthday today as well.
Fayette County ordinance no alcohol sales after 6 PM tomorrow no bars open after 6 PM tomorrow this is in response to all the riots last nig
The Real truth is that the Government dont Count people who arent in the System for Unemployment, it's Probably 30 million people uneployed!
truth! get hip with it, UK!
need an update.
yay we should hang out when you do
Head on i've to FB and like our page!!! W.facebook.com/hailtherevolt
RT : New Physicians! Send me resolutions & issues you want discussed at #NCSC this week.
A mistrial
First day at Newsies today! So excited to be apart of it all! :)
great disney channel movie
": Instagram: "RodneySuccess" so go follow me, haven't had it that long. (RT if you got a Instagram)" kenziannhouston
If you're about to run a marathon & see a man from Kenya has also entered the race you might as well pack ur shit & head home 🏃
I've been following you for a while and just realized I'm in your dad's fiction class. He's really been plugging your book!
In $an Diego Sparks.....wheres the spot to on a West Coast Sat night?
your boxset lyrics were great! I laughed out loud and wanted to say thanks!
RT : - I am looking forward to my stay in May at the 2012 Solution Summit. We can't wait to see you!
Annoy prospects? I tweet them one time. Please show what interview or blog you've done lately. Oh wait...
this weather is going to be the death of my gpa
lol I hear people say things are gay all the time. So don't worry, I'm used to it. None taken. (:
well done, Duncan!
For #MusicMonday check out and
hey - customers have to locate their own cars? perhaps has an idea that would help improve service!
RT: Don't underestimate the things that I will do :)
Trying to sell stuff on Craigslist is always an interesting adventure in learning what your limits are.
making a video via social media can put a very personal face to a brand, but make sure it is relevant
I do know that about Zipf's Law. Just trying to delve deeper into how it's used to analyze language.
was the most amazing thing I ever experienced, he's a god 🙏🎵🎶
Van The MotherEeffin Man! & you can't tell me you don't feel the same!
should have known you'd be friends with Deborah - you both being cool Jersey moms & all. Love her.
Friday at Halligan Bar $3 Bud , Bud Light & New Castle Bottles & Domestic Drafts $3.50 Peach/Pear Absolut Drinks $5 BOMBS
Wow, if Ron Paul joins for VP, then The Mitser will get my vote.
Guys i want you to really cut us deep. tweet something REALLY mean at us.
Listen Live to Chris Farina Live on WINA talking about his film "World Peace and Other 4th Grade Achievements"
I love you! (: thanks for the live chats all the time! We love them!
I hate it when girls are bearly stretching and say "ouch it hurts", bitch this is nothing and you think we don't do anything in cheerleading
Tuning in. You should, too. RT : Football covered from coast to coast! Today & talk
it's my 36 year in a row with a sliver of hope. The disappointment is an old pal. I fear I'd miss it
Can't wait in march to have you baby
I'll do it.
" I don't care what they say it's our life we can dance if we want , make it feel alright"
I've grown pretty decent at hiding certain parts :) a big part of it is being obsessed with favorite things. Like adam :)
A big thanks to ! Welcome to the ranks of RDS FLIGHT LIEUTENANTS! Thank you for your generous support!
please follow she is you biggest fan!37
Have fun on your trip! Bring back a lemur for me.
YO GIRL GET YOUR ASS ON!
Hate your enemies with a whole heart & if a man smite you on the cheek, SMASH him on the other; self preservation is the highest law -LaVey
Sometimes life is just a big game of "Yay/Boo" in my head.
your amazing lil cousin!
Hey Zipsters: This is THE month to Refer-A-Friend! We'll give you $80 to split or give away! Limited time offer. bit.ly/dHlM98
i already followed her
I thought you were against Twitter being a diary? Ur giving in. haha RT I really need supervision.
Seems the top 1% of mobile users, says wireless consultant Arieso, consume about half the world’s bandwidth and “the gap is growing.”
Question of the day: What's a girl gotta do to get on Disney channel?
I'm out. Till we tweet again !!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Stuck on You
#ireallywant to make out with Roc royal, his lips though >>> ;] lmao
We're glad to have y'all! :)
Yes, *FLY* be FREE! RT : “: Discuss. RT : Get over the physical! BE FREE! #musesocial”
I think they make a cute couple.
Welcome to my sex room
Thanks John for coming in!!
Lets Start Trending #iLove1DBecause (: !! GO GO GO.
"scan-ebego" needs to sell BBQ out of it, then I'll come there.
I don't follow the big accounts that don't follow back. psh. bitch please.
How can you save for retirement if you make 59 cents to the dollar?
I started cracking up when I saw that haha funniest thing I've seen all day
Just watched the trailer for 's new show- it looks so cute and funny!
The Wells Fargo Championship at Quail Hollow begins tomorrow! Who do you think will set the pace on Day 1?
Hey I can't recall the model but it was pre logitech and shaped just like TripleFi 10 model
#favorite90smovie uh that would be a tie between cool runnings, heavyweights, baseketball, rookie of the year
Just in. Hospital Visits Due to Ecstasy Use Climb 75 Percent Between 2004 and 2008.
I'm at Art & Soul Gallery.
we love u Cash :D
well thank you sir, it went well :)
Today's goals: skim 3 books, write 2k words, dye hair, organize pantry, grade blogs, begin sort of spare room.
I always wonder if you miss me as much as i miss you...
In Honor of Elizabeth Taylor, I recommend everyone go see "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" Won Academy Award.
#afternoon #Brewers game helps.
Happy Trails and Good Luck to Everyone Headed to AAO. P.S. Yes, we see your tan!
Any updates on when the new blackberry is coming out?
I Need Some Food In My Life Right Now ,
i get message room is password protected?
Sexual Chocolate
Gotta go with the 980 supplier and not the CSN one then!
thanks. Appreciate that. Peace.
I don't really fuck with that. Don't hit me up only you want advice/help/or when you need a friend... I hate that shit.
I still love u Kanye!
Strictly business lol
My dog tries to stick her tongue in my mouth when I masturbate. It's distracting cause I can never figure out how she gets in the shower.
new cube, new outlook on life :) movin on up!
Thanks and you too babe. I wanna see you soon on E News, or something! ;-)
Focus 4 today: Live Life 2day as if its the last.Squeeze every ounce of Joy from every moment & feel it.Make peace w/ urself (via )
#dhtrial judge is basically relax and come back to it in the morning.and sometimes that will change things . (Paraphrase of her instruction)
dude i've been thinking about learning to arrow because it seems pretty cool!
The BankSimple blog is the most disappointing in my RSS Reader. Always an exciting title, but the content is always a bummer.
lol its ok :/
Attention EVERYONE. When referring to Dallas' NBA team ... Correct: Mavs or Mavericks. Incorrect: Mav's or Maverick's. Thank you.
thank you Rev! You were right on time with this one :)
Since Parra might not make the roster, looks like I need to bump up my next fav #Brewer: (Chris Narveson)
At least they may cover the spread
#IfICantHaveYou I don't want anybody. I love you Taryn, I just wish you could see that.
Far better then a text evicting you yes? Life is good.
You are beautiful! :) xx
I'm in a bad mood funk. Need some dives with my buddies and some narcosis to sort it out
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businesses—vote for the American Jobs Act.
Best of luck to your bro!
Junior Seau rest in peace my friend! I can't conceive this, such a loss to fans, personal friends, family, omg! this is a horrific loss!.
for no reason! someones a little hostile! hahaha never knew id leave work with a black eye....
If you could do anything what would you do? Why aren't you doing it? Create a plan now....
ohh just saw that video! they are actually taking over the world. and we met them. just saying.
I hate you
Tune it to right now!!!
RT : JAMAICAN UNIFEST (Vincent parks, Lauderdale Lakes): We need 3 young, energetic, friendly, hard workin......
Narrowly avoided death on Hwy. 14 headed into MSN. Big wreck just outside cross plains. Expect delas
Good news: we got the new adorable place! Yay!!!! Now...let the packing begin.... dunn dunn dunnnnn..
Its not always about the things you can't do.. but the things you can do.
Well, it's better than running on aderall...I think...right? ;)
happy mothers day :)
I literally saw one today with a sign that said "I'm doing fine but anything extra helps." Wtf?!
Games and Social Networks as Next Generation Learning Experiences online now.
it's awesome out there! i was able to enjoy after i spent a year untangling those...
#YouCantSayYouGrownIf you do not understand that you must learn self-control and balance.
I LOVE YOUU! Love you too little Raegann :) <3
thanks, but we are at !
and so does Craig James
The only thing that has changed in Roanoke is my tomato plants that my dinosaur has been taking care of
I have a few made already I would be willing to share. On publisher right now....
In on a Friday night, studying wine. Oddly enough, not drinking any.
the tag is #flashontap RT i think we all need to come up with an unique #tag for so we all stay connected :D
Wisconsin is banned from the bike.
meg is peeing!
tell rayray to follow me ok
Yep. A leopard NEVER changes its spots.
I guess we shouldn't steal all the thunder this week. So, IU hoops, enjoy this gift tonight compliments of your friends up north.
Can't get used to those college rims
Going to go buy a fitness ball now after that vid
the inner AI is coming outta U . you must b hanging with R-truth or JTG
Great seeing you today! We should do lunch sometime
Good Night, twitterazzi!
hahaha yes ! :D
Hey Candice. As you know I feature you a great deal on my Facebook Sports Business Industry page.
William Shakespeare~ Thy words I grant are bigger for I wear not my dagger in my mouth.
To do something tonight or not?
they stole your hairdo. I hope you're getting royalties! ^_^
RT : I love it when two sick brazilian jiu jitsu black belt sit in the pocket for 3 rounds and trade punches.
Although Golf was originally restricted to wealthy Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing. -Dave Barry
deep face for the win : p
Free Delivery / Drop off this weekend only for Zip Codes 44109, 44126, 44138, 44144, and 44145. This includes all merchandise we sell.
Just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
#mythoughtsatschool why the fuck am I still here ?
I have no idea - it's been a couple days. What does it look like? Also, my apologies in advance.
You know the REPUBLICANS/DECEPTICONS love anything ridiculous/outrageous with their PARANOID SELVES. There will be no DENOUNCEMENT from MITT
Don't hurt yourself on your way to BEA this year.
what are you going to do after you lose tonight?
u should come
kudos to string cheese, if I had the resources will take on #ticketmaster, such an epic monster rip-off, fees are 50% of the tkt.
The Rev. Wright garbage didn't sell 4 years ago, have fun wasting your money on that again Republicans.
is wishing Saturday would be here already so i can go to warped :)
People should kiss EVERYDAY! = ) Happy National Kiss Day
Gorgeous day in Lauderdale and fun evening with my favorite #realtor, , at Rosie's.
On the DL with bronchitis since Thursday. Tired of being sick. Kind of losing my mind. Watching lots of #Archer today.
Everyting is beautiful!
Soups of the day: Chicken Pastina,Tortillini Brodo, Ravoli florentine, Beef Barley, Cream of Mushroom, Lentil, Chicken & Orzo.M
can't believe i have to wait until tomorrow to watch #thebachelor :(
sadly, that is completely true!! #bestplaceever 😍💜
That is very true. The point of his gripe was just education.
Omg, like me and my brother was dying laughin and Javale McGee we kept rewinding it bruh tears are rolling down my face still
Modem connects for a few mins then goes back to just blinking receive. Have to unplug to get it to come back online.
Join us for today's Zuppa Del Giorno, Creamy Tomato & Garlic
Come see me tonight. I will be playing Andy Campbell in the film Video Store Sex From Ohio.
We won $100 last night in Powerball using the Analysis Lotto program.
"[Luke:] I can’t believe it. [Yoda:] That is why you fail." Yoda is always right! How will anyone know you're worth it if you don't?
I can't remember a longer feeling 2 week period of time than the one I'm in now.
thanks for the luv my new frnd.
Congratulations for graduating from UT!!!! Git it girl! <3
“: #EveryoneHasThat1Friend that's a ladies man. ”
RT #Baylor's 14-game winning streak is nation's longest active.
This just in....a ton of very cool mens shirts...from Spain...
I wanna b just like my twin when I grow up
ya but it starts at 7:20 l m a o
Haha I'll make sure to tell Miley you said hello :)
OMG! he's insane.
It's ridiculous that some people are getting annoyed that #StopKony is getting attention now when they already supported it. It's childish.
vagina street
that we should be so lucky
happy for you cuz& enjoy boxing!:) haha!:) and keep your momentum!~~~ :D
Definitely miss Especially 😔🎧
.. but anyways .. off the #soapbox and back to work .. hope you all have a Magnificent (mon)DAY !!! :-)
Hey otis, awesome! Be great to see you.
miss you too boo
any idea what Kubiak's is, if he has one?
what are you heading to LA for?
To know who Romney is, look at those around him: W's Neocons, Karl Rove, Robert Bork.../ Mitt Romney is Dick Cheney, with better hair.
Thanks RT : Awesome! Awesome!! Awesome!!!
Words to live by. RT : Overheard my 4 yr old daughter say "girls don't like getting burped on when they're wearing dresses."
Greg Malouf is a wonderful chef, so glad he's landed at Petersham's Nurseries in Richmond. Have to go next time I'm in London.
Self-discipline is essential.
#RIP Stevie I loved you and will never forget you!! You'll always inspire me to keep going and never give up!! :)
Happy Easter!
"Ladies, don't settle for the bench, just because he a player...you deserve to be starting"
There's an aquarium reality show???
Metta World Peace: I was just celebrating. Conan: remind me not to get in your way on your birthday when the cake comes out lmao
peace bro follow back!! Enjoy the day
Grad school application officially submitted! Keeping my fingers crossed.....
they're hammering that point now -- and I agree with you, for the record. We are all too eager to throw out data that we don't see!
Long Night.
“: Happy birthday” thank you
2 hours of sleep, and in class at 8 am.. i need coffee
Stop by the booth #1503 as we will be discussing "#Dell's Product & Profitable Analytics" You could win a $25 gift card!
I'm already going through withdrawals just thinking about it!
Ya know, I really don't give a f*** - Macbook or Laptop Decal
#liber2011 KB used statistical experts in creating the valuation model.
Yes! There's a lot of Spike Lee in there & some students complained, but he's so good for application of course concepts.
What's new with the East Coast vs West Coast rap beef?
Expense account? Chips and salsa can't pay for themselves.
Help others without expectation of what they can do for you.
LOL I recently played my VHS tape of Being John Malkovich and I forgot that you had a part in that movie-- FUN!!
Mizzou really needs to improve their parking
"If you want something done, give it to someone busy"
I am stoked! All of our performances of 'Bye Bye Birdie' are SOLD OUT!
Again, I believe test scores should be diagnostic & are a COMPOSITE of the school,student, teacher AND the home.
what...Fuzzy's has a dollar taco night?!
Just The Ticket just got a little prettier thanks to Fair Oaks Nursery for donating 30 hot pink geraniums!
RT connected all thru out this City. Top to Bottom. Know all the plugs Just incase you wondered why am so influential.
"In The Waste Land, I wasn't even bothering whether I understood what I was saying." - T.S. Eliot (via Louis Menand)
Education is not preparation for life; education is life itself
indeed! See you tomorrow and we'll compare sessions!
and that who would be?
make your reservation for Easter Brunch Our full brunch offered plus homemade quiche and a plated ham dinner with scalloped spuds
oh what color?
stupid thing won't let me login to origin. What a terrible service.
im following them and he doesnt follow me
Engineers save more lives than doctors- Tell that to Girls who want to help. White Hse Forum .
“: Happy Easter Dog!” you to brotha
Right? At least 12 doesn't chime across as an arrogant prick.
My enemy folded under pressure that the truth was going to decimate him and prove his public statement was a lie!
Prepping for a #PhotoShoot on Thursday. So much to do!!!
cool. I will
G. Cip leads off with an infield hit, stolen base but is stranded on second after three consecutive strikeouts by Harrell.
Word! Lol I'm not mad he stated the obvious, but let's be serious...# sideeye
I'm still In shock my love, my idol, my fave... said "HI" to me on the pier yesterday ...!!!! STILL SMILING..!!!
you feel like trivia tomorrow?
Will someone please just shoot me now!?
Exhausted from the #FILEX weekend.Said goodbye.Can't think of a better time to check out #Titanic on the biggest movie screen in the world!
Just finished work on a brand new importer. Much more stable and faster!
I wanna work with you. I like your sense of fashion.
no cause I didn't go to my game BURN!!!!
srry I haven't been writing the story
May the peace of God be with this holiday season! Pray for those around you who are low in spirit.
lmao && then?:o
#superartfight needs a monocle
Why do fine girls always have attitudes
My problem is that my current job isn't really the source of a lot of relevant experience for the jobs I'm applying for, but some
That moment when your streams start looping like a cartoon background.
we are all in the gutter....but some of us are looking at the stars. ***
Good thing that place was always the opposite of conservative. :o)
that right :) ... put yourself first when it comes to YOUR future.
So the new people at work are legit. Don't hate them like I thought I would.
Currently plugging away on the new site. T-8 days and counting.
Japan Stop These Killings/Slaughtering of Dolphins and Whales!!!!
This Buckeyes/Orange game should be over by midnight. Maybe. If the refs ever let them play. Embarrassing.
Directing an ATOM.TV-funded webseries pilot called "Two Girls One Cop" all weekend, get in touch if you'd like to help or visit--
What did I ever do to you? #Imissyou!
Caught Ted Rosenthal's Trio at the Watercolor Cafe in Larchmont on Friday. Marvelous player, nice venue.
hurry up. and slow down. It is Friday.
ASCAP heavily biased against African American music in its ranking methods
If the guy is a girl like the princess, then was raised by his queen .
help us get this peace officer page up and run' n plz RT
Lol! RT : MadBum you cold blooded magnificent son of a bitch
"going to the ground after the score" ??? these celebration penalties are so absurd.
Please go and follow c'mon people follow'm
When it comes to the studio arms, these days it's all about inhouse production, prebuys or, most typically, doing nothing.
Jelena ALWAYS "break up" before some awards, so it's not surprising tbh.
Sushi at Kona Grill, Inc. in Short Pump :)
