Paula! Paula!
somebody got mad at me last week for my follow friday tweets... oh, well...
With , looking forward to hearing what Jeff and Steve have to say.
‎"Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hey today was so much fun cause i went on a scavenger hunt with my brother and my cousin and after i was done i found $7.00 in the egg! FUN!
SHOUT OUT TO THE WORLD AND ALL MY GOONIES I HOPE EVERYBODY IS HAVING A GOOD DAY....-YOUNG.S
r u slangin chickens that r slangin Hawks lol
TNAU sets up multimedia lab - Hindu Business Line
And on a second note... I miss
what are u doing ?
Thanks for coming by Drew! Hope you enjoyed yourself.
I agree that 30 Rock has seen better days but I still consider it a top comedy.
June bugs in May? Warm summer?
#Wed. #HighSociety at Club MyStudio Hosted by R&B Artist Mario & Birthday Bash for Rsvp TXT3235235851
Congrats #LebronJames #MVP #TonyParker is the true #MVP ;-) But as we all knw teams in Texas or MidWest(Durant) won't ever get credit!
Ever since I was a kid, I was dreamin' bout this. First day of practice, I was thinkin' bout this.
worth the commute? #Rockies Mini-Plans still available for 2012. Pick your own 25-game package & get one game free
In the new Spider-man movie, he wears shoes that stick to walls? And mechanical web-shooters? That just makes him a really strong guy.
Getting antsy...it's really tough to go running when you're in a walking boot
did I tweet that out loud?
Had my second mean green juice. This one not so bad. Playing with a juicer is fun!
thank you :) I love you too! Can't wait for Disneyland!
be sure to catch an interview w/ Molly Holly on www.mondaynightmayhem.com tonight before #WWE + #TNA go live!
Husband hauling 2nd water craft to St Paul from parents' sold lake place; this one our trusty Lund. Will be exploring urban waters soon.
No matter how many times I look at my tickets.... no dice. Damn.
Leaving work. Berkley Front tonight!
thanks so much!!
Popped the lenses outta my 3-d glasses.Now there Nerd glasses bitch!haha
#FF welcomes aboard new follow and support his event on April 21st. We are! See you there!
Our La Jolla gig fell through. We're now available to play May 21-29 in So Cal. Chinese buffets, hospital, schools, weddings. Any takers?
Great day @ the Coconut Grove Arts Festival today. Amazing work by all the participating photographers.
I had to turn in tix. Do get em from there. :)
I find a lot of accidental haiku on twitter.
Let's ACT offended so we can get some attention (comics who are supposed to hate political correctness but are mad @ Ashton).
My shoulders sore AF
Ikr! Such a funny kid!!!!
She sexy, she fine, she say she love me, I know she lyin', we stay fuckin'....from time to time...
cannot put down the manuscript for the upcoming book by A great look into the silly - and drunken - days of old
abs might be sore tomorrow. sweet. oh, how i've missed bellydance!
...if he don't know now...he'll know later!
Please add new sponsors apps more!!!! I really need it to unlock paid apps!!!
Watching That's So Raven with and
she brought people with her?
drinks sun or mon together??
Yep tasty! Glad I have another option aside from Redbridge & Bard's. I hear rumors more G-free beers r a' comin.
I think that is fine; you sing and I will just play. We can try that one song at a time. I can sing anytime!
I'm still on fall back time! Couldn't sleep ran 2 miles on my tread & watched Brick City-LUV IT! Integrity=
Kelley: 's election doesn't mean we're in a post-racist society. We've seen ugly backlash
Looking for more beats?!...
Bait a hook.
did you tell them to suck it
Aw no. More craziness to ensue. Haha. What's the craziest/weirdest thing you've eaten so far?
WooHoo! Just stocked up on Corona! It was on sale for 2.99/6pk!
Do people just not realize that singing is NOT for everyone. I'm getting really tired of hearing all these people singing that can't sing.
They ain't givin the Heat no kinda fouls!!
My nigga told me u going! Haha
ah omg :'O i can't believe it ....thank you SO much for follow me <3 OMG<3 i love you...njksjkiowjeikerjpo
I know! Wtf
"What's new pussycat?! Can you dig the satisfaction?!" From the song,"Thunder Kiss 65" by White Zombie
"I'm like a hairless rat rn." o.o
aye u know rosemo700 got smoked
Makes my day when I go to make coffee and already has it waiting for me.
i voted for yall can i get a follow backplease #YOMO #TeamMindless LOVE YOU GUYS WITH ALL MY HEART:):):)
sorry i fell asleep!!!
Great time of year for incarcerated Jews to reflect on their lives & what they've done. They're all capable of change if they're willing.
MATURE TREES: It is important not to disrupt the root system that has been established by the tree.
imy seeing you're ass too ! but i didn't make it ); fml.
Human Centipede 3 will have a 500+ person-pede? What has this world come to?
Shuttle driver is an elderly man who is talking about the price of live cattle. Uh...
I hope had a stinkin awesome graduation weekend! Glad I got to celebrate w/her at least for a little while ;)
Happy St Patrick's Day ! #happypaddysday Slainte
Send us links to your pictures, articles, etc. so we can share them with everyone!
i dont think I knew anyway and I cant erase the image of the pillsbury dough boy as "poppin' fresh"
what's oomf
What item in your closet makes you feel the most fabulous when you wear it? Now, when was the last time you put it on?
Hope to see you all tonight celebrating #Disability_Awareness_Month with for #Murderball, 4:30pm at Herron!!!
Can't decide between watching the end of the game or laying down b/c my stomach hurts. I'm inclined to the latter but probably the former
I just made "Steakums" for the first time, that's the weirdest looking meat I've EVER seen...and tasty! Go protein...
and for some, very lucrative.
yea we did i was driving crazy tho shit i dodged like 3 possible accidents lol
my tweets are bi-poar. 8)
N here getting my Allen Iverson "Practice" on getting Ready 4 my $ession with BuBu da Producer... Hope y'all had a Safe & Happy weekend FL3
Forbes Midas List Recognizes Institutional Venture Partners (IVP) - MarketWatch (press release)
Well played hahaha
"What do you wear to the future of genocide?" - Jose Esteban Munoz (2011) The CFP is out for #CES part deux!
RT : Sorry late to tweet today had to fix a leaky faucet. I will save 3,000 gallons of water per year! Happy Fix A Leak Week
who knows? I know one that want make it to the game.
Moving back to Houston...trying to rent out my apartment. I hate Craigslist.
Today's lunch feature is a savory & vegetarian. Provençal Artichoke sandwich w/ Creamy Tuscan Tomato soup. Enjoy with a Schneider Weisse.
Defense wins championships.
What a god night :))
#NBAisBack Lockout is finally over! Can't wait to go to a Bucks game! Fear the Deer!
Monday morning, already?!
this was my last social- cave-of-solitude …and now… :)
Some say: the left wants to convince independent voters to waste votes on non-viable candidates to save Obamas reelection efforts,)
Alan Gross: "I feel like I'm a hostage." -
+1 “: The truth is, is a heck of a human being. Lucky to have him in #MNLeg.”
The feeling is entirely mutual. CONGRATS! Now, time to bask in a job well-done.
See ya Sunday at Miller Park!
I hate getting prank calls -.-
Creating situations in your head that will never happen in real life.
": Is being detail-oriented something a person can learn or is it innate?" falls under realm of fake it 'til you make it.
Rudy is the only boyfriend my mom has ever liked <3 awh mom likes ma babehhh
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! O
He said it! "I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel." - Puff Daddy
Had a rough start to the morning now ready to take on this day
where i live the people are like messed up! haha
you can be our driver and beer runner!
Everyone Go Listen/Download My New Beat On Sc "The Empire" Soundclick.com/zoeonthebeat
I anxiously await double barline COOKIES! RT : I think I smell next year's prize-winning cookie!
In the end family is all we got . Keep your head up and I love you <3
Ears are still ringing from the music. Nite!
Time to sleep...Hope to see you tonight at REHAB...
great new avi!
Bed #tired. I missed my bed
RT An estimated 22,000 pregnancies from rape could be prevented with access to emergency contraception
Some girls are like summer, no class.
okay w.e everyone have different opinions allrite :O
Life is either daring adventure or nothing
Made it onboard, but barely. DEN to PDX. Farewell #drupalcon! Good luck to everyone at the sprints!
why? Damage control? “: #mcfc have apologised to #mufc & Ferguson for Tevez's 'significant error of judgement.#”
Yes- I was telling her to talk to Leo, he has the gift to gab... and makes a hell of a drink /cc
WAIT. so Tom was just a cop, and when the railing fell he tried to protect Justin but Justin misunderstood and fought back??
Just heard my first song..it was pretty awesome gotta say im a fan now
Register for the Heartland Worship Institute before the end of January for the lowest price ever of only $89. Jeff Deyo, Bob Sorge....& more
the pieces of Mika Tajima's installation The Architect's Garden have arrived!
RT : Ain't it crazy how people that don't know you will support you more than the people that do?
Y'all all make it rain but I make it hurricane
aww that's the best way to wake up! Have you gone to the dr about your migraines?
dude it bout made me puke fureal like this movie is something I wish I never bought its trash.
The most worthwhile life is spent discovering your spiritual core and building your existence on it.
Haha nice! Congrats! =) I'm moving on into my 3rd year in the fall. :o
he's lucky!
Ugh, don't remind me.
Oh i'm sorry was that a power play !?! Wtf
only all the time!
IS CHINESE FOOD REALY "CHINESE FOOD" ALTHOUGH ALL THE PPL IN THE KITCHEN MEXICAN?! HA' #SHOUTOUT TO THE MEXICANS!
I can't wait for tomorrow. Goodnight!
Congrats to Joel Ward and the #Caps for knocking off the mighty #Bruins!
for sure!
Can't Wait Till Saturday , Gonna Spend Tha Day With My Dude.. 04172012(: ♥
Just hearing about bin laden's death. In related news, CNN.com is useless on a mobile device.
That douchebag can play a little ball, no?
Ringo's Mexican food count on this trip now up to 5. Happy Cinco de Mayo!
#Blazers 46-44 over the #Nets at halftime. Wallace: 4 points, 6 rebounds for NJ. Aldridge with 14 points. Only Blazer with double digits.
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo always be there everytime and loyal..
Congratulations on vocalist of the year!
Can't stop players and their friends/family from tweeting draft info before networks announce it.
Oh you're cool. You have a curse word in every sentence you say. -.-
amateurs... this girl got an A!
at the sapient party on the rooftop with seats and plenty of room!
I'd like to think the loss to ASU kept UofA out of the tournament. Whatever makes me feel better...
You're a lifesaver. Thanks for keeping an eye out on our behalf! (One of these days, our paths HAVE to cross!) :-)
Google Wave Dead to All Except Chrome Users
yep Fire on the Mountain is not to be missed!
Thank God I'm stronger today than I was yesterday. Always remember things happen for a reason.. Thank God I've realized the truth
43rd District Democrats will not take a position on Seattle Referendum 1 (tunnel replacement of viaduct).
Any word? Still want the Small jersey?
Sounds like a fun night to us! Thanks for joining us for dinner!
"Pay no attention to what the critics say... Remember, a statue has never been set up in honor of a critic!" -- Jean Sibelius
haha! Last night i saidd more on here than I have the whoooleee time i've had it! Lmaoo .
Still edible?
fuckyoutoo666 liked your photo: Cat Women of the Moon!
Even though factoring involves B2B transactions, a large percentage of retail business utilizes a Factor.
the guy at camera store used a film box to open and rewind my (apparently) torn film.
I love
i should never second guess myself on waiting for the bus. ALWAYS WAIT FOR THE BUS. same amount of time as walking and you're not tired.
Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.
Boy stays grounded. Mom explains that actions that take only seconds can result in pain that lasts a long time. Boy loves Mom.
text me tomorrow :) lol its past your bed time !
hot honey and organe whilst watching Wayne's World with my best girl. Were both fluy little ladies. <3
For some reason, today wasn't as restful as my off days usually are. Stress, begone!
The lord is blessing Without Delay! Keep praying for our ministry! It's working. :)
Sounds about right RT Workin with & at Rondor... You can say we are proceeding to "go HAM" if you will..
too awesome :)
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.
Crystal told the teacher to call her dragonfly. Weird ass bitch
One of the most thrilling final 4-5 minutes of an NFL game. Alex Smith has officially arrived. What took so long?
How's it going buds? We've been working lots of new songs! Just released our first EP last month
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
Speaking of leadership events: The Legends & Leaders event on 5/22 is featuring The Gilt Groupe - who's coming? CC:
Do you think Steve Jobs left Apple with some great ideas of his so the company can continue creating the best new thing, though he is gone?
Whatever lol!!!! same here can't complain
Dude, still waiting 4 the game. Hey, i got an idea, how about I spam promote you to trend? I'll try.
gonna watch you on blogtv! Btw hope u have a good prom!
Certainly understandable. Love the idea though. Will be fun to follow
wadd up wiz khalifa tics on deck @ nwc !! stupid mad gear on deck no swagger jackers allowed ! we keep az sexxy
You don't need to hide friend, for i am just like you.
if you were working you'd have time.
Thanks for joining us, ! Did you get a cone or a dish?
haha, this made my morning. impossible not to laugh at those eyeballs. Thx for coming last night! so fun
New #avi #time were we goin
- hoping you weren't majorly delayed. that just wouldn't be right. did you ever see the WaPo feature on Brooksley L?
Ugh I want to go to cedar point, but I have dance competitions the next two weekends -.-
Thank you Tulalip for a great show tonight. Now, time to catch some z's. Goodnight everyone!
A good use of schema.
thought I'll Have Another too far out at 19, nice job : Good effort by Went the Day Well, but a little too late.
S.A. Madison leads Harlingen 28-13 at the half. Looking at some stats & so far it seems like Laredo United gave the Mavericks a better game.
☼ Those who wish to appear wise among fools among the wise seem foolish. Quintilian
Man this is so ridiculous. I cannot wait for this party. FRIDAY PLEASE HURRY!
good luck in the Big Apple!
lol oh well
Everybody is out for self these days...
I wasn't really into Arsenio Hall before. But I've been really impressed with him in Celebrity Apprentice. Who knew?
Sorry it looks like our Twitter has been jacked ... Apologies all around from all of us at the Media Education Lab
Oh there it is! Lol
I just want to get this over
(My tweetdeck has been messing up accounts, lo siento!)
No success comes over night you have to work hard,you can dream about it or you can go out there and make it happen
glad you liked it. Much more to come. Stay tuned
New theme song for Desire 2011: "Hello, I lube you, won't you tell me your name!"
GUYS! ="( I GOT HACKED SO U HAVE TO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT C'MON!!!! PLEASE?!?!??!
Kioi Sinfonietta concert unusual, but interesting - Washington Post
right here ! (:
Just signed up for MLB app. Got our tickets for #Nats games. Let's play ball!
Thanks to everyone who took the time to audition for "The Glass Circle" on January 28th.The auditions are still being reviewed at this time!
Hey, #HermanCain: Obama never hired a slander lawyer. Is this supposed to be "presidential"? Pussy.
ah, just reminded me to schedule workouts as diligently as I do the rest of my life--I did walk the beach 2x over the weekend!
Having the same problem here :-(
man, that Canadian reggae musician who sings "Informer" is just EVERYWHERE today
whoa buddy only one man has a a backhand and can play the net well.
Harry Potter & The Deathly Hallows Part 2 was so good!.
I gotta to get it even if it's in the worse way that cake like its my birthday
Fingers crossed for good news this week for The ToyMaker !!
I was a cold dude I'm gettin back to my ways (drake v
Q1) #AngryBirds fosters critical thinking. If an projected angle doesn't work, adjust your aim. Learn by mistakes.
Are you a recent graduate or are you just now finding our Twitter page?
100 emails down, 100 more to go!
Now is the time for your last minute Christmas cards to get in the mail. We have premade designs. www.mailmastersprintcenter.com
I am not blue. Lol.
It hurts to fall for someone then have to watch them fall for someone else...
For those of us who aren't in CHI, any related readings?
his union contract is very good. He's a supporter of
awesome to hear of your recent purchase, be sure ot hit us up and tell us how if fits!!!
I really want to wear these boots with this dress... and now all of a sudden Steve's a fashion expert.
I need 5 mahomies to be in the video! Just say what you want to say to him, so i can finish it (:(:
Get today's movie and video game reviews at theentertainmentbucket.com!
Just turned scanner on, Nothing so far. Might be Miller Compressing in Milwaukee
changed me twit name... i was feelin it
no its not instant oatmeal, I boil the milk and drop the egg in and all & KAYA LOVES IT! =)
Wow... really got a lot on your mind, there. lol. Wanna talk about it??
At least that involves some cooking...mine has been known to scramble an egg, but that's it!
It is neither wealth nor splendor; but tranquillity and occupation which give happiness. - Thomas Jefferson
Wondering if the player comes with the jersey for $150.00. WOW!
we were DMing but he didn't reply so that's on him
Headache all night but that doont stop mee.
BB: Zadra doubles down the left field line! 6-5 Stars, with DU making a pitching change. O'Dell batting with 2 outs, Zadra on second.
And whoever the fuck tried breaking into my house tonight will get beat with bats and dumped in my woods swear to god
Rt": Whatever honestly so done trying"
remember. I do & I
redwoods + fellow herbalists + unexpected round of applause + so much love & support from back home ---> gratitude for following my heart
Nothing is more expensive than a woman who's free for the weekend, in Chicago lol!
Reading the content of the future is tricky. My inner eight ball says "unsure"
Yep, that's me! It wasn't Days of Heaven, it was Far From Heaven.
Sweet beard, Kyle.
collaborating and creating music #checkuout Equator Line!!!!
when ed has an orange mic
Well done!!!! Have to say I had a much different emotion upon this milestone-ha!
thank you! You too. Its been a great day
I expect you to do some serious ass kicking and name taking on yer final exams. :)
": Tell the truth. Who used to say "Happy ValentiMe's day when they were little? ? should B who still says it & u know who u r
Bran Bran ! -.- Hussh , How About You Go To Sleep .
Very excited for my first visit to The Ransom Center at UT today!
I wish people knew the difference between you're and your
If a girl goes behind your back and does shit with another guy
In Vegas! 4 more hours and I will be back in FL! #Travle Oh, and 1 week until
I can only watch romantic movies hii LOL nd im so serious!!
Please dad, STFU. I need 10 more minutes!
Been singing Jimi Hendrix songs all week >>>>>
RT : Still on the hunt for beats! Email WE ARE LISTENING TO EVERY BEAT YOU SEND! (attachments)
haha! Mary mentioned it yesterday. I'm a wee bit outta the loop! Trying I get better!
I WANT DANIEL TOSH TO DO A LIVE SHOW AT ETSU. BAD.
Sandless sandbags, never build another sandbags again, eco friendly-Use for floods,water spills,to water organic gardens etc..
So jealous of everyone at Livestrong for the SKC game!!! Go KC!!
He said goodnight
I just turned 17 in September
Has anyone seen my headphones? No? Great, I'll just go ahead and die then.
Yes! My third grader reads them on his own. My 5th grader will join us when I'm reading to my 3rd grader or kindergartner.
The Dangers of Credit Card-Linked Discount Offers - NASDAQ
MITCH!! my man, had an awesome time at WPcolumbus, great meetin ya!
Hey friends. You will NOT be able to get into our 21+ red carpet event if you don't RSVP. Please RSVP to thanks!
A Brazilian on the bachelorette? That's pretty fun! Except gracias doesn't exist in portuguese Its "obrigado" girlfriend :)
aw sweetie :(
It was either the flames or my blazing speed!
haha I didn't watch it yet
AT UNLVino at Bally's!! Lotsa wine and chicks!
“: What do you mean, I can't put cooler painting on my resume? #CGP”
Nerves aren't too bad for Game 6
#goodnight everyone
#WhyDoiAlways Hate myself?. Oh, cuz I'm an ugly piece of shit.
thanks very much for the RT and follow :)
Happy 4th of July... attend your place of worship!
Thank you for your inspiring story! Our 4th child/only CFer is 8months old & your story gives us hope! CF won't define her!
aye watch your mouth lol n hell yea
making me proud, McDreamy!
Happy half way to weekend! :)
event***. Its a movie that a journalism student from Towson directed.
Jason says have fun & enjoy your experience!!! Peace <3
man it's a lot of ignorant folk out here, and it feels like I deal with ALL of them on a daily basis
You are an odd little bird with sex on the brain. Get a life. Bill Clinton jokes? Grow up. Please.
how the young appear to say riot girl w/out irony.
lol had to do it
You hurt yourself? I am sorry, but I can't find a fuck to give.
omg but doesn't it just sound really good
Happy birthday big fella
Bracket has yet to....totally bust!! Now make it to the final two KU!! “: KS Survives!!!”
My 1st period teachers lights are randomly turning off um.....
congrats on becoming the newest member of the tampa bay bucs. Good thins happen to great people
I Can't Make You Love Me And I am telling you 24 million monsters, I love indonesia.
that's not very good, sir
My marks are actually getting lower. :'(
For Sure
if you were reading for the role of Bird or Angel, you'd be set.
yay! tell her I said hi!
Last item eggnog panna cotta w/ balsamic raspberries
Is social media really free?? No, time is money. #ARKARPA &
sympathy (?) for Doug's back pain 'I think my grandpa had that.' thanks -
Privileged to have a representative from Photo Scanning with us in Orlando today!
I think it's funny how my cat is bigger than my dogs...
Thanks for the love!
Everyone needs something to believe in. What do you believe in?
Elclassico : No matter what happens this will be a Madrid victory. Barcelona can go back to acting school !
No matter who's buying, I'm a celebration Black and white diamonds, fuck segregation
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for 04/20/12 is Dan, Sally and Ian!
nice list! RT : #twipubs (twitter #publishers) I like , , , / who else?
Find database of #ThomasJefferson'sSlaves with notes and sources from his "Farm Book" on Ancestry.com. Just uploaded on 9/1/10.
The 's article about academics on food stamps is behind their pay wall.
RT : & band did so great opening for Matt Maher!
BREAKING: Romney on Obama's support of gay marriage: "I can take credit for that."
I wanna thank for showing me love! More music to come!
Putting the Christmas tree up!
My Blackberry needs be fixed! But I don't know how to do that! Error 507 shows up on the screen!
That Awkward Moment when he said "I love you" O_o umm.....okay?
word of the day: 'Recovery' yes? no? maybe so? :) Have a wonderful Thursday Ashley <3
Sorry for the rant! Good Morning Folks
ijust saw your schedule and will be in LA at the same time - I will ring you there!
have you been riding around town :)
go cry me a river. And FYI, it'll bring everyone's level of living down, but it'll be relative to how it is now.
thanks. You're sweet
How are you? I am sad because you aren't here! DD:
Thanks for liking my page Margo! :-)
Hey Atlanta! We want hear your favorite genre of music?
and I r pretty pumped about it! Congrats. :) See u soon!
Josh and Shawn show tonight. Come in for 2 dollar taps and 3 dollar tall rails
"...and now he only eats guitars! Yeah!" -Blondie
big up
Moldy makes me a sad girl.
FEELING TOO CRAZY TRYING TO FIGURE THIS "TWEET" THING OUT! LOL OBVIOUSLY NEW TO THIS! SMH LOL
MY DAD AND SISTER GOT ADMITTED TO A HOSPIITAL LAST NIGHT AND MY RELATIONSHIP IS GOING HORRIBLE!
If you say so.
Everywhere affected by the fall of the Berlin wall, the us sent soft political aid to form democracies, parties, candidates.
Hey Babe! How are you? Haven't chatted in Forever! xoxoxo
Check it out!
Thx for the RT - have a great weekend!
have a safe and smooth trip back, had fun catching up with you this week!
Loser ass boy lmfao
sorry , is a bit of a better product. i can sync multiple Google Accounts with it. nice try though.
will you be at the draft party tom at Taco Mac in Phillips?
Hoo boy, did I ever mess up when I decided to keep my son up in hopes his meds would be ready timely! Bonkersville here.
When did I become an analyist? Don't get me wrong I love crunching numbers & creating data visualizations as much as the next guy, but....
o... Well u not
I need some of your motivation haha
I got
Shows gonna be hott tomorrow!
Probably threw a helmet at it RT : shit looks like Brett Lawrie crashed my site again
R u a Downton Abbey fan?
Abraham Lincoln: "If you intend to go to work, there is no better place than right where you are."
What should I do today? Hmm.
Heading to to see Braun get his MVP trophy for the and a bobble head with Lila!
Making cash tomorrow... :)
hey , recently sent an offer to you for lisa, let's connect and discuss soon. thanks
Dear gangster, if you pulled your pants up a little bit, you could probably run from the cops faster.
thanks for adding us to your web design companies list!
Shoutouts to my #NF!! follow the homie ASAP! because #Avenue told you so.. Yeeezzzziiiirrrrr!
RT Goals today: 1. Subscribe to the 2. Borrow a big dog 3. Line cage with 4. Cancel my subscription
New Fre$h BlueMonster layout made by us posted up NOW! Check it out and give us your opinion! <3
We haven't registered yet but we are planning on it! Looking forward to it and thanks for the follow! :)
morning! We're scheduled to close tomorrow when you coming up? lol
Come see us tonight for one of two SPECIAL DEALS! Purchase any 5 tans/upgrades, get 2 FREE! And MEMBERS, get an additional 10% off lotions!!
I just sucked my own dick for the first time
Guy at the beach asking me if my camera was hd? No.. it's VHS tape. Left my tripod up your butt.
yea I hate stopping when racing. Did you see Seton? He won the age group! What the heck are you doing up so early?!
haha we would consider it, but and make the call if they want to take
yes it is convenient, but as a type II diabetic, insulin is still a hassle :-)
count me in.
All this yammering and you could've just said that last tweet a long time ago ;) jk
wants to buy your used Gaylord Boxes. Call 561-721-3400 today and we could pick up tomorrow! N10 day terms too!
Let's see how many times I can watch sportscenter in a row
Heavy metal lovvaaaaaa
finally has the studio air conditioning under control after a toasty afternoon shoot! 84 degrees is not kind to ones hair and make-up :-)
Thank you, will do.
When are you putting up my Preakness Blog? :)
Haha, no I do! And he's real! Not made-up! I have just been really busy lately as you know ;)
Kindly toss #Kony into the turbine or drop a photovoltaic on him RT Bringing renewable energy to Africa
Landslide Dan! RT : Congratulations to Rep-elect Dan Arthrell! Dan won the Dist 71 special election today by 3 votes
You will get one soon!!:)
Im off Saturday
not a bad conclusion, for sure. i think they are narrowing the dsm to get the prevalence #'s down
across the nation! (That is, government/elected officials all act as if money grows on everyones' front lawn like grass).
Don't fall asleep. Seriously, that was the problem when I used to try it years ago.
Thank you to and for the RTs!
Happy St. Patty's Day!
Game about to kick off. Excited to see Josh Wolff back in KC. We need this win tonight. Should be an exciting game
Welcome to the squad and and
And 2nd forward for Jeff Saturday thanks for the help when we had the nfl lockout :) trying too get the nfl back up and running
Valentines night at home: sushi first course, followed by steaks and Brussels sprouts. Then cupcakes, of course.
R.i.p. Whitney Houston...
Eggplant w/ angel hair pasta and tomato sauce for dinner
Yes - not Pitt's responsibility to notify everyone until recommended to do so. Buildings are evacuated before we get ENS.
Super long day on the set of a Visa training video! Yay work!!!
Tonight's show calls for a cocktail! Cheers!
Missing #IndySM again this morning. Someday they'll return downtown.
Nice job in the Terry Richardson video. You gracefully straddled the line between sexy and creepy.
About to be a Rebel after this class real quick!
Seriously considering donating plasma after finding TWO $100 traffic violations in my mailbox this morning. Thanks, Illinois.
Lets pause a moment in our political wars and remember an American icon-Dick Clark died today at age 82. RIP
Happy Friday, stay classy !
You are welcome!
And what are the odds on you??
saw a great episode of #psyche last night with and all i had to do is the ed lover dance afterward!
love it!
hikes are better. Like, whenever I go to the gym to work on my biceps or give my delts a blast, I think, I could be hiking now LOL
even listening to hits of the 90s can't shake my grumpiness today.
oh lawd! lol Breath through your mouth....nix that...breathe through your ears! lol
Sox owner John Henry joins the Breakfast Show to talk about his wife, opening night, and the team's 2010 season.
haha thanks alot! i wish i couldve gotten a pictue with you at teen hoot!
I really wanna go swimming....
Awww you love me 😊❤
just to have a timeline i'd actually like to read
still gonna see it anyway!
“: can I get you some peanuts? Hot towel?” Cold beer sounds good
Hi Katherine, Thanks for following us. Hope to see you soon!
but dont underestimate him #devil ...you never say never... cus anything is possible....
#TypeNickiMinajWithoutLooking Noicku Mibnayj.... i actually typed with my eyes closed... I did pretty good. :p
I totally did miss it LOL. Read too fast.
Senior spirit week may 1-4!!!! I wonder what days we will have lol Senior pep rally May 4!!! Woo!!! I can actually watch it this time!!
haha! good, trying to be internet savvy.
Emily Hritz has been announced the 2009 Indiana County Fair Queen and Stephanie Wagner as the alternate Fair Queen.
lemonade after brushing ur teeth
FB video a great example of eustress in action - challenging new hires w/ important & relevant projects by Day 2.
I'm punished then but I'm not that dark. Well now I can say I learned something new today.
Jet Li turns 49 today. After 7 broken arms and two broken noses, his friends have learned: no surprise parties!
Just went to Virginia today. My friend Melissa and I went to some museum, went out and tried putting out a fire. Now my bearpaws are burnt
Know what's not gonna be fun tomorrow? Lugging huge bags of purses, shoes and clothes to Secondi for drop off. Ugh!
I just had someone get so angry with me when I pointed out the fact they were a Gen Yer, not Gen Xer. Guess he didn't like the rep of Gen Y.
I HATE Drawing !
Hate it when relationships change
It was nice meeting you at Citrus!
If two people can be lovers and friends at the same time,they have a complete relationship..
Guess who is dressing up as Kitty Pryde on a Tuesday night?
i cant stop scratching my eyes!! there all swollen... again
It was great to meet you @ the show @ the Fun show! Can't wait 4 the broadcast (& podcast)!
and yeah ❤😊 to you too!
but you do it some how
Amen!RT : when in doubt... worship.
ha she also just left a note in Lazy Janes' comment book:'dear LJ, your pancakes are the best but just need a dash more sugar'
Beauty might bring happiness, but happiness always brings beauty.
New Open Graph has potential to reshape entire industries like music, movies and news
To Bad! But we're trying to find another promoter to make it happens !!!
Comcast's David Cohen: minority communities growing faster than the rest of
Need to get my day started, got to get me some coffee!
Foul play?
oh yes, i clearly remember!!! ;)
My farts sound nothing like my couch, which makes it really hard to disguise them sometimes.
AP Econ Final in 20 minutes....
Good luck! It's awesome to see a new cuke convert. Now if only we used it more at work...
all the way to page 9!!!
Hiring 2 Sr. BAs with a testing background. Please reach out if you, or anyone you know is interested!
*holds ur hand* :)
Don't forget to check out Friday with on #TheAgenda 1230! Channel 3!
do you have an instagram? I would love to see all the pics of puppies and delicious food you always take
Thank you. My grandfather isn't taking it well... and so there is a lot of worry mixed in.
whats up my dude!
Hi, Megan..you are good singer*__*
Haha she will=] n yes Haha
So by some some divine intervention the Red Sox have worse luck then the Royals.....
HELMER GET YOU SMELLY CAT BUTT OFF MY PHONE!! He just cannot behave himself today :/
You can't pattern your life after what someone else is doing. That's why we have the holy spirit. -Jenn Johnson
Your rated R 2 cents is welcome all season! We will be the best feed on twitter!
What tools do you use to analyze card sort?
Looking forward to #TEDxHuntsville tomorrow. Big change from my first event in 2009.
...stroking this wave in "Real-Time" :) Giving thanks for creating many many Enterprise Systems & intense JAD Sessions!
totally. i agree. with links to my biz pages, of course ;)
We play live on in about 2 hours!
Goin out to eat
Know of good deals in Louisville? Tweet us at
We shootin this weekend w/Will Gates off a Yung Chop track.... It would be a good look 4 the Chi if u show up babe! Get @ me
& good content... HA!
#MvsW if 5 guys r willing to block shots in player equipment, than there should be no problem shrinking goal equipment
Tomorrow will never come, have you not noticed that??
2 all r friends in Nashville...buckle up buttercups...it's the #CMA's Fan Fair Week!! Best music fans in the world!!
Why am i not getting reception in my own bed?
Thanks for spreading the word about the Mandala exhibition! :) Only open for 1 more month!
I did. And it pleased me.
is here to help! Sorry to hear about that!
did you have to go to Robyn?
e! good luck! fingers crossed:-)
Everyone makes mistakes..
where has been?? us Zswaggers miss him! he is important to the Zswagger family too!<33
I love when I cannot log into Twitter. Hopefully the problem is fixed!
Man, I really wish this was real. LOLOLOLOL
HIPPOPOTO­MONSTRO­SESQUIPED­AL­IAN - ...Why is this a word in the English language.
everyone stop would want us to watch the next to you video
Super cute!
Couldn't they just air #RAW on the TD Garden jumbotron?
#alphamale makes the best to-do lists. ;)
"a thin partition divides wit & madness. Poetry therefore naturally addresses the fancy..." -Wollstonecraft, I hate to say
I just made a RAINBOW SADDLEPACK!!! with 5 pockets for the Busy Dogs!!!
in studio w/ Leather Feather
I can't wait see these men who are tatted from head to toe when we're like 40, ur gonna lk so foolish at your child's college graduation lol
and I love you for it. another thing i love: lollapawinners, which you also are.
To celebrate gaining 200 followers I will follow 200+ people in the next week!
you on instagram mama?? Plz tell me you are...
Boston is on fire right now!
Fresh cut Christmas trees are here. Don't forget the LED lights.
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Seems like there's always someone who disapproves They'll judge it like they know about me and you
Thanks so much love!!! RT : Happy 1st Birthday
I'm selfish when it comes to my girl, I share her with NOBODY
I want to play tichu
I am creating the program books template for our pageant program books. Am so excited!!!
Jayne-would love to meet. Sara- Am i preppy, hipster, or preppy hipster? Sometimes even I forget...
Better take nice shots!
Android 4.0.4 works really well with p12 certificates. If you're into things like two-factor security. Now how to deploy OTA sans SCEP...
no matter how many years go by, i know one thing to be as true as ever was: I'll see you soon.. #TSS #farewell :')
Thanks for the follow,
holy jeez - trying to get postgresql to work for the last hour and I'm about to kick over the computer, this should not be that big a deal
My Phone Need Love.
logan, now I am gonna punch you in the face. I told you not to be mean to riley!!!
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!! 5
Pain in my lower right abdomen should be easy to diagnose since my gallbladder and appendix have already been removed.
Do! I think it would be fun to do together
« The worst feeling is pretending you don't care about something, when really it's all you seem to think about. #KMK»
Haven't gotten drunk in a whilee ;o
Beep them bitches in Honda.
Straight Relaxing Today!
Seems as we all forget that push notification servers are costly! I'm up for yearly subscriptions.
have u seen it yet?
We had about 15-20 people for our first screening, which seemed just fine.
TAX TIP for anyone paying back the Homeowner's Credit...Careful if you turn your home into a rental. The 7k balance becomes due this year.
Yeah but it ended depending on what coast you live though
If in-n-out burger comes to
If I feel depressed, I go to work. Work is always an antidote to depression.
Don't let Blake dunk, foul him hard and make him earn it
Why the fuck are you getting mad for no reason
Did Lebron make an offer on a property in Miam? Hm? One has to wonder; who leaked this information?
Congratulations Bethany; good luck with your remaining endeavors this semester; what's your domain name?
Just booked plans for the #NAADD convention in Dallas this summer. Looking forward to seeing & many other colleagues & friends
Twin Platinum Guns Son aimed at the sky Ice on my bullets u dies soon as I pull it.
Hey there gang! Can you get your peeps following us!?
foreign dress?Blonde it's from Hollister And how would it be foreign I'm only in Arizona same country still U a DUMB BLONDE
I should go to bed at 11:30 every night.
Fantastic my dude! One Love fam. Im jumping on facebook soon, so we'll connect and link up soon-1
YES my dear a gift to Zambian Women
Arrived home safe but very tired. I may just sleep until tomorrow.
Oh yeah, the more he lies, the more God cries. Just kidding-the Light is exposing the Dark. It's gross to see, but all is well.
Ca State Superintendent Tom Torlakson - "The HRSA SBHC grants reinforce what educators know: good health contributes to student success."
lmao. I know I typed it all out :p I'm on text and it was right above it so it was hard.
- thanks for talking at the
Awesome! I'll give you a rang a dang here in a few to get deets
Soap so kind on the skin
Since the day I turn 18 I know for a fact my mother blood pressure has gone up because of my fuckery lol
It's difficult to work being short handed, but I am used to it
KENTUCKY BASKETBALL
Doh- forgot. Com..
I sent you over one
Tweet a link to your blog's RSS feed and label it as such
that fricking dog is at it again.
That's awkward.
If you could drive a #Maserati around one town/region in Italy, where would you choose?
it was a good time, but the story lacked. I cannot get into that Loki guy as being terrifying. Looks like PeeWee Herman.
Giving new meaning to cat calling #meow RT : Meow.
night, sweetie. Enjoy your rest xoxox's
#niners game tonight! Get your $1 #drinks with the Bartab crew tonight!
Last minute photo shoot tomorrow! Gonna be crazy busy this week!
is a fierce queen.
Thanks for the Follow brother, right back at ya! Hope you are doing well. Let me know when you are in LA!
Just realized what TCBY stands for...
We are just Days away from Dining out For Life in Hillcrest San Diego! Come by in the AM for some breakfast to support the cause!
Spring Fever is in full effect!!! Make sure you have those boat batteries charged all of the time with the PowerHotSpot from Solis Energy!
Our extension for WRITTEN submissions ends tomorrow night! Submit your poetry, short stories, interviews, etc. to .
right on!
lmao breakfast in bath
I would also look at pairing Greek Reds like an Aigorgitiko or Xinomavro with your lamb. It pairs beautifully!
Oldie...194. Between 14 & 16 min mark talking about Vegas Shows
Thank you so much for your retweets, Michael. Sorry I missed the deadline. I will still get an article to you.
Looking forward to introducing these distinctions to students from the workshop on web searching by
#TenFactsAboutMe 3) apart from my other life.. Yes Twitter is my life:') so I guess I'm like Hannah Montana
oh lord, good luck with that babysitting job!
I wanna be home. Not in this car.
I Showed my mommy my mother's day gift!!! She loved it!!!!!!!
Drew Goldstein from Pittsburgh and I'm thrilled to be here...do your thing Kevin!
The One That Got Away played on the radio today & I automatically thought of dancing to it:)
whats going on with mb lately? IS IT JUST ME OR AM I SLOW! i mss mb cam they had me crackin up!
Did you ever make it to Chicago?
they shouldn't have changed the name of the bridge.
I like the quote If your a leader and no one is following you, then you're just out for a walk . lol
Have lots of "move a body friends"! #blessed Thanks !
...and hue and bryant's and chililili's, we're gonna be busy!
very cool! How random is that?
Our condolences on your air conditioner :(
Maybe more like edit in something brilliant for each paragraph.
Big question - is israeli innovation sustainable? Can it spread to the region?
Those roof racks on your subaru outback let us know that not only are you a lesbian, but you also don't shave your legs or use deodorant.
I always think that but never have won one yet.
Does anyone know when Season 4 of #TVD start? I Know the finale was like 15 min. ago but I NEED TO KNOW THESE THINGS! lol
call chuck phone now in yo dm
must be cause Mac's Southern Dem hasnt bought into Liberal Socialist philosphy of Obama Admin
yeah...I'm sure there was no TNT in Orlando (lie) & "your guess is as good as mine"?!?Vescey makes everything up, obv.done w/him
(: ← You see that? I choose to use it to make everyone think I'm happy.
I had a dream I had a kid and the kid didn't want to be in the bookstore. Fucking kid. See if you get born.
What you think?
next weekend will be fine
What do i get my wife for her very first #Mother's_Day ??? any #ideas ???
Thanks for follow back. :) xx You are really lucky, you meet Austin !! <33
Adopting a donkey...
He that is over-cautious will accomplish little. -Friedrich Von Schiller
i have really curly hair & im trying to go natural-lets see how long it lasts before i go blonde again lol
its ok:) ily still
: Just followed ya back! God bless you too! :) Follow Back! Thanks God Bless!
I hate everyone.
why arent you texting me back?:/ and i dont think were going anymore. We just got done mowing :P
S/O to a gorgeous and beautiful woman follow ya boy back iight
Another day of work and twitter, well mostly twitter.
!!! RT“: Any nigga you've seen hard times with, gotten money, shorties, brawled out with etc is a nigga you keep around”
#Romney clinging to endorsement of washed up rocker, #TedNugent, prompting Gene Simmons to question his place in the universe.
always do!
Yeah, need to see the last 2 eps now. Derby takes over my Mondays again. What are your Raptors doing? :o jk Your valentine's?
I decorated my Christmas tree this past Saturday, and now I am decorating the two trees at work today.
Tech colleges report increase in 'transfer hopeful' students. What will #infolit needs be as they transfer into 4 year college?
I appreciate it. Good job on KSR but please do us all a favor and take the picture of Sosa off. We still hate him
We have a very special treat for you on this morning.... If you love #dancing you will want to watch
April showers do bring May flowers Mayhem Nation. Start cranking up 's theme...
Haha right? Like how could she have danced?
Yammy Colombian organic coffee! The best
thanks Ran!
Morning, beautiful people! Hope everyone has a great day!
Best friends means friends forever
wen a person says im busy i neva believe it cuz ppl can always find time 2 do wat dey wanna do
C'mon, Doron. They bankrupted themselves. The debate isn't whether, but how: Romney opposed gov't help, Obama didn't.
awwwn (: inbox me (:
!!!! RT GOD NEVER PUT TO MUCH ON U THAT U CAN'T HANDLE 🙏
People should NOT be able to graduate high school without knowing the difference between "there" "their" and "they're".
Register for the 17th Annual Mudd Volleyball Tournament June 11th and all money goes to the Carrie Tingley Hospital. abqmuddvolleyball.org
get me one!!!!! Thanks hey!,
I have a beautiful team :).
Very good yesterday was very sad I lost my guinea pig she was very special to me but it has been good
#whatif I talk that talk :]
Ready to have a fun time camping tomorrow!!! Wait I have to work
I love hearing the stories guys say about girls getting wasted and how fucking disgusting they get. Im not sure if I'll ever get drunk again
How many people use mobile applications in their everyday lives?? and what are your top apps?
u see someone who does that on a daily basis, don't you?
Only a millionaire would think he's running on higher taxes. Us Joe Sixpack types think its tax equity and long over due.
Carbo-loading all morning
Do people really care about who "wins" the #Bachelor?
keep making fun of me! When you're buying child's tickets at the movies haha tryin to get away with it #cheapass lol
This is why I wanna blow this fuckinh car up at Westland mall!!!!!
Also about to take my Mensa Test 😊
#hiring #mijobs Automotive Electrical Engineer in Detroit, Software Ctrls Designer & Jr Automation Engineer in Southfield. Inquire within!
i'm considering this marathon
It's okay to not put every song you recorded on the album.
Who is free today? Run errands with me!
“: #Gemini is never short of friends, or friends with benefits either.”-Lol True!
I believe that the Highliner Alehouse at fishermans Terminal will have it on. The owner is a cycling nut!
Great Information Cheerios® and the USO Team Up to Send Cheer to Military Families MINNEAPOLIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Cheerios® and the USO
Driver's Ed, we all had to take it. Now we have to pay for it. Did your school offer it when you got your license?
Mom's making pork chops!
EMMMMMMGAY FORT FORT
thanks it's a perfect day to be outdoors. Hope you can join soon.
It's a Kraftwerk and Gary Numan kind of day.
I need a shower radio so I can listen to while getting ready for my day.
Forget 's daughters boyfriend's being afraid of Lee , Drita's the one with the shot gun in her back pocket !
I had sent a card requesting a meeting with Governor Pickens, who was also staying at the hotel, and was awaiting an aide.
they still bitter that he didn't pick NY lol
Why does Daniel Sedin's player pic look like he's on Bubble Vision ?
The joke's on you if you don't know your jokes are gettin old around here.
Well Brewers, you sure know how to shoot yourself in the foot.
thx! Any fun plans?
VARSITY CHEERLEADERS. I'm so friking proud. I'm gonna die. that's how proud. *die
Pp 16 days and starting to feel like myself. She's doing great!
I had to check the order of Qs...but that makes sense!
Happy Thanksgiving my love! xo Hannah & Hope
I'm going out on a limb I am going to guess your on Hamra street in Beirut..?
Don't forget to join us for happy hour tomorrow at the Continental Pool Lounge in Rosslyn (1911 Fort Myer Drive) from 6:30-8:30pm
90% of people tweeting #50WaysToLeaveYourTwitter don't even know what it refers to. Why don't you kids put down the Leggos and Yolos.
all Johnny walker diet, party at the hyatt, bottle service n we riot
We are playing a show tonight kiddies
good thing that moose didnt pick you to be her new spouse.
Hot guys on this 6am flight to LGA...diggin this
Suh-weet! is now on Twitter. 00 on his jersey, #1 if the hearts of
man, remember when you thought James Neal was a badass before he was on the Pens?!?.........
eh, there are worse things.
"I'm FINE" "Freaked out, insecure, neurotic and emotional"
": RT : no grown man should take mirror pics. ya heard " The Game is the ONLY exception, keep them coming!!
Oh, please, please no. Can't take that again. C'mon, Chloe, don't fail us now.
I think like a mix of 5 people have gotten me sick this week, sick people stay the hell home!
GO. You need this hahaha
Lets go Pats!
I watch #TeenMom for the same reasons I slow down when driving by a massive fiery car accident.
Agreed. First time through is for understanding plot, second is for savoring beautiful language. Sometimes vice versa.
Lunchtime! Today's specials: baked ziti, Italian panini & shrimp with corn chowder...yum.
Hi there! I am interested in referral partnerships for Bankruptcy, Probate, Estate Planning, Living Trusts potential clients.
in programming, the simplest mistakes always seem to be thr most difficult to realize.
Ejaculation and orgasm usually occur simultaneously in men even though ejaculation and orgasm are two separate phenomenona.
What said. You have enough to think about, so get that taken care of.
i just downloaded it repetitivly and it patched in
I mean Lound and ruled
Constantly hearing the sucking sound of a vacuum coming out of my wallet.
Paperwork complete! I am now a volunteer Hospice Austin massage therapist. Feels good.
Taking care of my baby (:
yeah & Arie Crown Theater
Dallas defense is just bad hopefully rob ryan gets canned
maybe school. Maybe she heard someone at my house talking about it. Or maybe tv
Now plotting house exchange with new French pal, , courtesy of midnight wistful tweeting.
I was just playing with words and hashtags. I know it's a bitch to keep it off.
One of Obama's Secret Service agents refused to pay a prostitute? Come on. You can't cheat someone off of services rendered.
looks awesome. Thanks for shaing. I hope it works with my desktop apps too.
i hope so
i do know you aint about that life(:
Love letters are proverbially insipid and devoid of interest, except to the parties immediately concerned. (1850)
Very nice, it makes Audi look like it should, dreamy :)
25 years ago tonight, the Brewers had the first and only no-hitter. Robin Yount preserved it for Juan Nieves over the Orioles.
Perfect intro haha. Nice
Whats up bro? How did the audition go?
hey lovely lady :)
Only if they knew.!
Would be most experienced Finals in history. RT : im gonna be livid if its celtics-spurs like i have a feeling its going to be
signed it :3
CPMCF trying to breakout!
...or is a news "site" even relevant to you? Should it simply be a news feed?
Third week with this cough.
Lets put Nap on the map....."Go Time"
We appreciate your business. We must ask, what is your favorite kind of pizza?
I swear its not a ritual its a way of life!
Ohh okk good then, I was starting to get sad lol. I followed you, you should def follow me back!!
I wish i could take the pain away but if you can make it through the night there's a brighter day
Saw a police dog working hard this morning to keep his riders safe. Maybe due to the bomb threat in Arlington, VA yesterday?
brunch today or should I go back to bed?
Spoon Foundation helps the domestic orgs develop new menus that feature their practices and local produce.
Can a young nigga get money anymore, tell PETA my mink is draggin on the floor likin "theraflu" by kanye
Mistakes Were Made on twitter now!
Craving Italian tonight at ! YUM! Thinking about doing the 3-course #Thanksgiving dinner next week...
I can't wait to write about this ordeal later in detail. It's rare to find a company botch handling a negative comment this bad.
#Fellas treat your girl right or another man will!
lol funniest video 😂😂
RT hold me like a gun
i feel a hype rap break coming on, gettin headaches and shit
thanks for your great help on the commerce_payflow_pro module. (more so thanks for picking up my slack)
just sent 42 press releases to magazines and newspapers
Holiday Movies @ the Plaza Dec 4 & 5! Grinch + more cartoons, Gremlins, A Christmas Story, It's a Wonderful Life! On sale 11/5. $5 tickets!
On the hunt for a San Diego Elvis impersonator. Would need him for a few hours one morning for potential TV spot w/ air-time. DM for deets!
yes I do! #teamblair haha you watched it by now? Cos argh Serena is horrible ad now back to her old ways
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights– Traci Lords - Last Drag (Sted-E & Hybrid Heights Dub Remix)
Posting a bunch of KISS tour pics on our facebook as we tweet!
Had a DNS nightmare today. Deploying Win2k3 in Dallas tomorrow. Sunfire v240 came in today for video card installation.
well good thing.. its the way to be!
thanks for joining local
follow for follow anybody? :)
Just read your blog post on lst night's ruckus. Good work.
Let's go
it was magical. so many memories but the one that stands out.the most was Iverson breaking Tyrone Lue's ankles in the finals.
Promising book; then saw authors using only NYC, Philadelphia and Boston as representative of "key patterns" in urban form; no thanks
im happy your free
I soon i get internet again and i dont have to use my phone to get on twitter i will follow my new followers back! That's a promise!
if forced to predict, who lines up as #3 WR on wed. Sept. 5th?
Do you remember the Alfa Romeo 2600 Coupe? I saw one on Wardaskas (sp?) Garage recently and wanted it.
Have you seen the Narnia one yet?
After work walmart... I was so tired in there I got a freaking cart to push around just to be lazy
In a sane world Grover Norquist would be in jail for influence peddling.
I'm not sure..
Our next scheduled cleanup is February 18, from 8a - 5p
he tried to list the 3 parts of the federal gov't that he would get rid of and forgot the third :)
I gotcha back buddy
Find us Friday at the Spring Community Garage Sale!!! Kokomo Beach parking lot 10-2!!!!
I need a punching bag to let go all my anger!
cause the point is to put stores in the black, as opposed to the red.
New albums I won't buy: Counting Crows, John Mayer and that Lionel Richie country album.
Thanks! RT In all honesty, I have never known a better PM than is the best website company in town.
Just some magic. Please.
First time in history a president and State Departmeny focus on and engaging 1/4th of humanity: Muslims
Know any good jokes about Sodium? NA ;D
your bot doesn't recognize an RT, nor follow the target for DM... bad bot
nice to meet you as well... hope your diggin the sound
chubby's has quite the special this week!! $2.99 pizza puff and fries watch out it might make you chubby ;)
ima cry, its getting sad now :''(
Correct, no Milwaukee release date yet... so it'll have to be Chicago for now, but I bet they'll come here!
Following you via 's chats with you (through ). Looking forward to your tweets!
Cardinal Mahoney- this is a struggle for the value of human dignity.
Apparently Occupy Atlanta protesters had weapons of mass destruction. Glad the mayor caught that in time.
aww! Yeah, it does! #DC #wonderfulmemories :)
"Successful midwest companies are embedding special services into products to make them better." Rick Mattoon
baby can u follow ? she really deserves it
NO do NOT send skittles, maybe a picture of a bag .. but buying and making skittles rich is NOT an option
Cry about it. People obviously LOVE her music and you bitching via Twitter won't stop her from singing.
We even have a network in El Paso, Texas! Check it out
was tasting samples, south of france, great value stuff.
We have yet to hang out in weeks lol.
As long as u don't make me go to a game :) RT : Nope, Im going to buy you a Browns jersey
Headin to the Danville fairgrounds with my girls for open arena! big horse show this weekend in Urbana.
malaysia(mahali2 go!go!)
Dude this guy just flung himself off the building of the restaurant I'm eating in. Omg! And he's still breathing!
brainstorm a few names. Let's pick next week...
hell yeah i am..... just like you are with the way you spell original
I have something really important and serious to say, so please listen. i hope it helps everyone and I'm 100% serious when I say this.
where'd u hear it? I needs me a copy :)
Yes homo.
Doesn't feel like a Friday.. Busy weekend!
the trichinosis special!
hey cutie
what going on
Oh yeah and they are deeply religious.
thank you ! I saw it on jusgo <333
Wow ESPN, none of the hockey players lost this year appeared in the Tribute to athletes lost this year. Way to be classy
American Horror Story is so awesome!
Cool! Will Zappa be making an appearance at IDRS this summer?
Watching obama news conference
what happened? Lol good times!!!
Sorry Dr. Kim who just started following me. I don't need a breast augmentation or a face lift. Be happy with your natural self ladies!
I smile when i look at you. I get butterflies when i talk to you. I feel fireworks goin off when i kiss you.
Skunky banana: bad. Macaroon Friday?! God.
New came out yesterday.....what'd you think?!
It's "Depot Time" sounds a little too much like "Tebow Time." Cashing in on the Tebow Train?
Twitter > Facebook
Thanks for the follow REVCO! Are you ready for another great season in Southampton?
#3wordsforyou bitch go die.
Assuming that Baltimore is not going to be very much different, I hate this news.
happy mothers day to the moms out there, especially my mom. She's always there for me, and I love her more than anyone<3 #ExtraordinaryMom(:
Getting ready for the Happy Hour Party won by Ms. Dawn Pettis! Drop your business card for your chance to win!
Opening with Boards of Canada to Curtis Mayfield to Maxwell to The Weeknd to Tom Petty
Now I have to buy madden 13. Nicely done megatron.
Yeah...that Stanford duo could be tough to handle.
me and wanna come see yu at webster hall...what time does it start? does anybody know??
shall we join you?
Thanks The Google+ iPhone app is out [iTunes Link]: goo.gl/euNAw
That is why for pixel-adventure lovers, the dream job is the video game tester job
so much swagg!!! I love it!!
thanks for the follow :)
---> thanks Adrian!
“: Debating on whether or not to go to Florida.....never been on a vacation tho” Better go bro...
Happy birthday to best friend Alex Smith!! :)
Until Jesus comes back you have to fast and pray because temptation is everywhere.
we use a google-voice like service at my job right now now and I'd be lost without it.
Today is national #WalkingDay! The AHA recommends that you walk at least 10,000 steps a day. Try using a pedometer to track your steps.
no problem!! And will do!! :)
Thanks for following! Be sure to also check out for more on the latest in #marketing, #advertising, PR &
Its going to be a long day and hello kitty might not make it to the end. She's workin my last nerve in a big way
Hoping that the gods deliver to me out on the town Saturday night
that's what drew would want i think?
lol u no when #theyhaten when they call ur gear ugly and they wherein that same thing
I love you too Logan ♥ :)
thanks for checking out our twitter! you should def check out our music as well!
Obama's Reagan love is not just posturing. He means it and his time in office proves it. He has out Reaganed Reagan.
“This is one Santa that’s going out the front door.”
Great article, thanks. It's really interesting to see how all these things go down.
i got hacked while i was off here i was like watt ha
So I'm going to be out for a run. A short, slow, run. More like a jog. Who am I kidding I think I'll just live-tweet a walk
IM WATCHING ALEX & ROBERT ON YOUKNOW!!! come & join the fun(: haha
Don't be scared buddy! The vodka will save us!
States have made progress: better data, improved access, increased awareness, and long-term sustainability
Painting while listening to The Music ---> :)
Not exactly, we just weren't sure if everything would make sense if we hadn't already read. Others are saying was fine tho :)
Watching a portion of the #Bulls postgame press conference. Man, Joakim Noah is one unattractive woman.
I'm done with art festivals after April. I will be opening a studio/gallery in Orange Park, Florida. I will put details on my website
#Health Care #Professionals r u hosting, promoting or sponsoring an event? can help you with samples! Call 800-225-3963 2 c how!
#ifyouonlyknew that is made up of some of the sexiest butts in the world ;D
Getting ready for a big day tomorrow!
"This body is not a home but an inn, and that only briefly." ~ Epistulae ad Lucilium
I take great enjoyment in watching the implode under Bobby V :-)
Stock market tech stocks: #1 in Insider Sales this week is Salesforce.com CRM. Time to take profits in CRM!
hope you are enjoying your holiday...if you make it South, look me up!
About to head to bed got work at 430am FML lol
ah the Emerald Hill Zone. I was always a fan of the Casino Night Zone
Texans o-line dominating.
send us an email to we'll see what can be done
Q5: Thoughts on Danica Patrick's recent deal w/ Coke? If you're a big brand, what's the attraction to someone w/ one career win?
Best thing about city living? Reading while taking the train (and walking...) to work.
will never get 'it's torture being a Cubs fan.' Team sells out every game, has deep pockets. Legit tortured 'chises: BAL, TB, PIT
one love for the bday wish bro
gotta be Detroit Rock City
“: One direction > your life” accurate.
Playing this game to kill time. But I'm hungry! & the grill is right in front of me. I have to cook by myself. What kind of place is this?!
Auburn Fest was workin S/O to who shut the stage down. It was a movie...
Its all fun and games until you kick ball change the cats milk dish.
Just set up the DVR to record the entire #WickedTuna series on I gotta get out on the water soon!
Will check it out.
National Siblings day- however you decide to celebrate, remember, they are still your siblings
Facebook and my friends just put all my business in the streets
Check out the Foundation Center for good research tools.
Hello Dentist! We meet again..
Me too! Can't wait for our night!
Ready for my photoshoot pics? Should have a few posted before the end of the night! 😃
yeah when is that??
Huh!!!!!!! Word is only way okc can beat Sa is if harden plays point! RT : That beard is really gross..
You took it too far with your words today.
a table at a club is like owning land. Without one I feel like a mindless cattle
I'm in the same boat with my tiny kids. it's definitely the safest place for them to be.
hey what do you do for the Brewers? Oh yeah how about them lions...
Rachel Guberman proposes panel on a Digital Humanities Graduate Certificate.
Sara Lundquist - VP Student Services - Santa Ana College - They operate as a pipeline, not as a comm college.
I am down on 1 knee tweeting this... Allison Williams, will u marry me?
So 'boyify' it! :) RT : It's a great service, but I guess I would call it #PINKterest, though.
Dustin Brown #American hero
Indigo Girls at the Barrymore on Nov 10th! They have not been here in years. :)
we need guy/girl models for our photo shoot in 2 weeks! paid opportunity! #whosein??
Need some post-holiday relaxation? Book our Exhale Spa package today! 800.225.2008 :)
imma send it to you as a message on twitter
4 more shirts left. Claim them now. Orders go out in a few days.
Got the whole crew home for the finale
ohh yes Blake Charlie... Cutest name in the world<3
Time to burn some cars drink some whiskey and kiss your cousin in the great state of Kentucky
BEST CONCERT EVER!
i can tell you how i feel about you nite and day
Such a lazy day. ☔☁
wow-just heard about a shooting that happened at the SAME BoA that gave me a phoney $100 bill 2 weeks ago. WTH??
you submitted three as well? I wonder what the most submissions for a ruby event has been. Let's guess: I say less than 10
me too!
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. - Arnold H. Glasow
Tune into Radio Soundcheck on Live 105 tonight for the radio debut of the new song!
(Quote taken from a webinar I'm attending regarding ebooks in the library)
The most hilarious Lifetime movie ever is on right now. "Cyber seduction: His Secret Life." I'm not kidding. It's a RIOT. Seen it twice.
fantastic. It's about time he gets one.
Ughh it stings like a mofo!
Just gave the Main Branch Library some copies of Sherman Alexie's book to give to teens after their program tonight!
Kinda hungry
if u were to follow me that would make my day so so much:))) 11:11
It did play again, haha.
I would, luv, but not for free. Check youtube and see what is there.
“: Wish I was with 's eic heading to the ATL for the Beauty of the Week casting call...” -->Me 2!!
": I Wishh Money Lasted Longer Than What It Takes To Make ." <<Don't we all!!
I'm loving the new app for Xbox live!!
Stop trying to look at my thong.
had a great presentation at #launch . I think everyone was really impressed!
thanks a lot
No spending ANY money no time soon. Tank birthday coming up soon!
I am
I told my mom we can't go down to Myrtle Beach on May 28th because I'll be too sad Jake isn't there. Haha it was almost 1 year ago. =,)
Why is Friday so far from Monday, but Monday so close to Friday? #TheWeekendIsTooShort. -__-
The vhpd blotter is awesome lol
im some chocolat icecream with sprinkles
"Crack the dutch master, I don't like white owls or phillies"
man i tried to put it in for like an hour i guess that mf said fuck me im closed .
Long 20 minutes ahead.
If it still hurts, You still care.
Yay! The Sun's coming out! Celebrate the day at our Happy Hour! From 3pm-7pm.
Are they all deadstock?
Strategic planning as board member with Great program
My uncle's service was nice. They did a veteran's farwell. Was a Marine and served in Vietnam.
ooh...green tea very hot works for me,..try it!
Idk. I like doing it for myself. And it keeps people updated sometimes. And on facebook my friends like seein it lol :)
Looking fwd 2 having sangria & quesadillas w/ u at Dearborn on #CincodeMayo / #FlacodeMayo - any specials going on that day?
Product placement on the #bachelor tonight = least subtle thing ever
Love that!
I spent less than 100 dollars on books this semester. Life is good.
i could do thursday again
well, I've meet 3 very rude people in coach and a very nice older couple in the dining car so far. Kinda uneventful really. :/
Thanks for the follow
Well that game pretty much sucked. I can only hope the #sharks can overcome this and win the series Saturday
I love it man! I was GB born and raised and went to the U. Love the Packers/Gophers connection! Go Pack Go!
Have You Seen The French Banks Today? via
You have come such a long way Chris I as a fan am so proud brotha your s great artist it a lot of talent rt/follow
I miss you pretty girl, now that volleyballs over with we don't talk?!):
Except late night on SE desk TODAY, of course, since neither of you are here in the trenches w/ & me!
Let go Hawks!!
Oh I was misinformed it was MCA not AD ROCK, still just as devastating. I'm really feeling old now, I hope these young heads appreciate him.
Just rel to American Idol online stream More Tweets
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the great mothers out there
Music fuels my creativity & I appreciate good 'ol album art. Support on April 21st. Doing so also helps your local economy.
then let's email. Twitter sucks for this shizzil
JCS matinee with and then ushering Blister, rapture, burn (playwrights horizons) at night
Politicians: Never compare yourself to Jesus Christ. Besides hanging out with prostitutes, you have nothing in common.
On our way to NYC!
He said he was giving his son a bath.
#drive should be next. RT : Finally watched Ides of March. Thanks for the recommendation. Quality flick.
Happy Valentines Dayy! I'm off to school to give out my Valentines gifts :)!
when u want it? lol
what's up with these haters posting shit about your tweets?? Fukn losers!
what to do, what to do
Saw at radio city! It was absolutely amazing! Loved it
Ctfu!! RT : Not sure. Prayed about it. Waiting on God to reply. RT : r u really coming to newark?
RT: : #Casting over-the-top, awesome #CHARACTERS! Do you think you deserve your own reality
Make sure y'all follow Great workouts posted daily.
Done, I've already showed ya!
I will send you some pictures tomorrow just for you & thanks :)
Drama on Twitter isn't needed . This isn't facebook .
does that means you see Teck AND Montana in the same dream?!? Lucky.
Not enough space in 140 but... he was a profound, gifted scholar/communicator of the importance and meaning of story.
hand writing tickets is impressive, @ #astd2012 the cafe's cash reg broke. Guy cldnt figure out how much change out of a $10
lol haa man that's funny!!
... Well, it's not humid 24/7 :P and when you walk out the door for like a minute you feel moggy :P
OH pssht! I know. Best thing I've seen in a while lol :)
I'm every overweight nerdy fanboy's wet dream
be safe have fun hun
That sounds gr8 -- photo? RT : We can't get enough either! : Love the Rocket Tots at spicy goodness!
I get "Dear Graham" all the freakin time--sometimes "Dear Grahams" and plenty of "Hey Graham!" drives me batty
Thanks for noting Bluemound St. Patty parade in last week's issue - kids would have been bummed if we missed!
Just spotted an Indiana fan at the casino... If looks could kill...LOL
very sweet story!
Thanks guys for the following me! Always remember i
#CAWFEETALK - morning Y'all. Who has HBO?
