Thanks for the #FF, right back at ya! You all are awesome!
“: Getting the rainbow pinwheel of death on safari always makes me so nervous”
You're the only color i'm bleeding. I only miss you when i'm breathing.
come chill with me. (:
Thanks for the follow! Yay for Design Majors.
My husband has some pretty good Hunger Games jokes. Check out
Q4 just cleaned out tech services dept, found letters calling to end high serials prices back in 60s and 70s, not much new here
Happy with you :).
hey girl what u bn up to
Are you going to the Apollo tonight? I hope you're feeling better :) Follow back?
#sublime RT : I want to do a prank at the Casino. Say we're shooting for the show The Biggest loser..
I ran FROTHY through my thesaurus...Foamy? Soapy? Lathered-up? That's a tough one to decipher.
WE BUY GOLD & SILVER ! WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 !
Auction Systems Auctioneers &amp; Appraisers Inc., to Host Arizona Department of Administration Auction Featuring 200 ...
Dire need of tonight w/ and burgers and champagne oh my
Trying to party FREE in DC for #LuxSundays | Text LuxSundays to 74455
Coke without rum just tastes odd nowadays.
Goin to get my oil change should have been did it
look at my last tweet!):
stop at burleson high school.:)
welcome!! and please, check me out on soundcloud if your into #melodicdubstep and #drumandbass!!
madeira art show...Our Spirit and Soul is here! Why send cards when Art cards are better!
Achievement brings its own anticlimax. - Maya Angelou
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. ~ Bill Cosby
lol u better say goodbye to me tomorrow!!
Awesome job! :) Gotta Love #HCG! :) RT I've lost 10 lbs in a week :) thank you hcg.
What's going on ICONic Boyz ?? ;D
ah that stinks dude! My film, "Friends," is screening this Sat. @ 11am in "Bring the Kids" category. See you when you get here!
Day off next Monday! Can't wait!
Oh no, stacey is out and that little beyotch gets to stay one more week , ugh....
"Restless City" Teaser Screen with Actors Meet and Greet at Shrine World Music Venue, 429 W 127th, on April 11th from 6-8pm.
Heyy Chris (: how are you?
didn't see your ustream. brb while i go cry :(
Getting a new laptop soon...
Let me start taking care of business because I can be on twitter all day without realizing it
Carl Crawford to the 60 day DL. What a disappointment that guy has been for Boston
that is so true
Happy Halloween!
just dug into his deep bag of tricks to show us how to Know More.
I was planning on being home for the 2nd half of #DCU - I'm going to have to fly down 7.
tell mason he is and has a vagina
yeah he was, he just went to the Jets at 43
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 83k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x2
my dogs name is Xanadu I call her xannie, woo woo and pumpkin face
I wanna go back to Europe
Yup!! : I biked to work today for the first day of "Bike to Work Week." Did you?
I'm just annoyed by hyper-inflated prices for basic things. Gets on my nerves (:
Great idea! RT: We bring our kids' teachers Gigi's Cupcakes.
Looking for the perfect #flower for your #wedding? Look no further! Fife Flowers gives FREE consultations!
Seldom do, but tomorrow I am wearing my 2007 State Champ ring. Go Cards
A former member of the Police Commission, Alan Skobin, has been unanimously confirmed to the Board of Fire Commissioners.
Happy FF! Check out these great tweeters!
Hines wins 59-41, without losing a single ward!
ah, thanks for the clarification.
#xfactor there is NO REASON you should have been in the bottom 2! I'm 36 yrs old and know how your so amazing!
tru shid I'ma b back out that way round 7 or 8 so I'ma hyl
Tuesday looks open. I'm ready for some crunchy cookie.
RT wore my Tee when I was in Arkansas, and a waiter came up to me with an empty tin can and hit it with a spoon.
The music video for faded was um... interesting
Thanks #c4l12 for letting me crash the Grateful Dead archive session. Now it's time for some research.
Gosh why is 2013 so far away? D: I get to see my future husband :p
it was gr8! we had soo much fun!
As a fellow Colombian, #ripjoearroyo. You are one of the greatest salsa singers of our era who brought joy to millions of fans. Gracias.
U don't like to wear underwear. I don't like it when u do anyway. Problem solved
I have like ten dollars! Haha
just wanna kno is that $200 stuff lotion or perfume or what?
Morning ! Watching the show now & Jeanne mentioned she finally got twitter last night. Yay! What's her "handle"?
-- just so you know, I hate you all.
As I prepare for a new job as an artist's model, I am suddenly scrutinizing every angle of my physical self. Hopefully this will ware off.
thanks gorgeous
As you make your 2012 United Way donation, please consider The Strong: Youth Education Programs, donor designation
I just want a motherfuckin cotton candy machine.
I am thinking about making #SAMOAS? anyone have a good #samoa recipe? #samoa cookies #samoa brownies
distinguish another, for he thought, “Let it not be known that the woman came to the threshing floor.” 15And he said, “Hold out
Just finished doing the Bill Michael show. That was fun and interesting :)
Currently airing on the Independent Film Channel: Malcolm in the Middle.
heh. you're more likely to see one on me before
Happy Women's Day! Courage does not always roar... but sometimes it has too!
Now following who I've been watching on since I was a kid, cause I am a NERD for WEATHER and #hurricane coverage
did those clothes work?
thanks for following us!
YEA I'M MAD BITCH !! ": Yeah it is? YOU MAD HOE RT “: Oh , that's why you can't text back ?”"
you bet! Things are great.. I'm living in the weight room at ODU now, but I still miss seeing you and the rest of the gang!
If #CMO's will spend more on IT than CIO's by 2017 (Gartner), process improvement better be in the mix.
School SUPPA DRY!!
How come when I RT I cant leave my own little note WTF am i doin wrong
Stephano plays Starcraft and does the things that an organism does to not die. All the while applying moisturiser. xD
My interview with about Nationless World and the modern world for :
coffee & lemon pancakes
Max is helping us set up a facebook page. Our company is finally moving into the new technological world.Post your favorite pics .
#fundamentals Dr. Seuss, Lewis Carroll, Edward Eager, L. Frank Baum, E. Nesbit, Edward Gorey, Peanuts, fairy tales (real ones)
no problem! i wish i could sing as good as you, i love singing, its my life, but it seems like i'm not as good :P
Body Fat % Testing: BioElectrical Impedance Method
I gotta pool hop some people this summer
Thank you for checking in!
No matter what kind of a monster he was -- and he was -- I don't wish that kind of pain on him. Or ANYONE, for that matter.
Collaborating with Terwilliger Plaza---new exhibition on-site coming soon! Dell Nelson exquisite charcoal masterpieces. 84 yrs. old master.
Winners take action, losers talk about it.
No disrespect, but I wanna go mess (Gomez) with Selena!
Retrace my tweets. You'll see I never said Gere "couldn't" criticize Chn. Said he'd be better served to critique US.
50th tweet...this proves that I no longer require any human contact! Long live social media
Tonight at Whiskey Chicks- S.I.N. Night! Get ready for your 1st beer on us + $10 Slider, Hot Dog, Fries & Beer. Kitchen open till 1 am!
yeah dude no shit
just realized that we're almost at 1,000 followers 0_o whoa thanks for the love guys :D
Was really hoping to not have to worry about Champions League qualifying after today, so much for that.
. Thanks for the retweet love. :)
So is every new female rapper and singer going to profess their bisexuality as a marketing ploy?
hope not don't need you fighting nobody lol and yeaa i know right I'm glad I ain't gotta do that class no more for real aha
For the next 4 hours swing by Rackhouse Pub and get the deal shown here: BURGERS AND BEER MONDAY
Are you kidding me with an Anchorman sequel? I don't know what to do with my hands.
I'm thinking +2 for Jennings and -2 for Rondo.
2 1/2 year olds get up when THEY want, no matter what time you finally went to bed
My Name is Mazin and I'm a Doer
but yet you tell me not to.
feel that
but I give you airheads so.....
get us!
Hate. Packing.
las vegas looks shocking like morocco, perhaps b/c that's the only desert i've seen before
thank you mittens :-)
I love you Brother! Even if you do masterbate while playing C.O.D(:
Super excited to try out tonight! Any recommendations on what to order?
Hope ya'll had a great time!! Thanks for visiting!
Only saw the last 7+ mins, but clutch drive and physical D sure looks like a new #49ers team! RT 49ers win. New era?
U can't act like n apparatchik & try 2 convince the world that u believe in democracy.
Yay! Maybe and I will see you there! :D
The library will be closed today for the holiday! We will reopen tomorrow morning!
selena s a million times prettier then the chick in the boyfriend video.
Could use some encouragement tonight: Is parenting a 10 yo boy supposed to be this hard?
Cooking tip: Don't microwave popcorn for four minutes unattended. Chaos results.
Good to hear, thanks for attending!
DO you think Calipari will leave UK for the NBA now that he has won his title?
Bring a 40oz. in a brown bag to tomorrow's screening of 'The Writer' in LA in honor of the film's SF roots. Isn't that how you do it, SF?
The bulls r finally bustin M.I.A azz-pause!
Who's your favorite band of the #the70's? holla back
watch your language
I actually just found the reciept, so I can now!
I'm tired of ppl saying Mayweather needs to fight pacman to prove himself. I hate to say it but he's proved he's the best time n time again.
need a VACAY !!
RT Your positive attitude can be contagious - infect the world around you this very day! ~ #quote Why not?
The storms tonight have been horrible. These are the worst storms I have probably ever seen.
Hurry up and rain!!!
I bet Gaddafi is regretting signing up for "Find My Friends" service on his new iPhone 4S.
i'm in a pretty good mood actually. if i could be like dis al da time it'd by lovely.
Bad way to end the night..
so I think you should rt me cuz your rt every one else! Haha(; oh and go look up
I will be producing "The Miser" at the brand new Lansdale Center For Performing Arts on March 26th & 27th and April 9th & 11th
as you know this statement is categorically untrue
Republicans Agenda pt 3. 10. Raising of the Confederate Flag, 11. Kill the Constitution and Bill of Rights. 12. More Guns 13. Chaos
Wow, that is pretty crazy. Was it good or just interesting (or was it even that)?
Please Join Us: Newark Master Plan Meeting Central Business District & University Heights YMCA 600 Broad Street Newark, NJ May 24th at 6pm
FREE fun and McDonald's #HoppyMeal this Saturday for #EasterBunny arrival!
Why did the AC compressor sweat? Because it had to run all day.
EPTI BOOM!!! Going BIG!!!
OMG...CONGRATS TO BEYONCE AND JAY Z! :-) THEYRE PG.
GOOD JOB CATS
Bruno loves coke more than winehouse ever did, fitting tribute
Hey Adam... never got a chance to say Congrats! on your BOT win. Get busy & get rid of those other fuddy-duddys..LOL
good times!
Women - Be the boss! (but of what) B 70% of women owned businesses make $50000 or less in gross revenues (via #wimlink)
A nun is a creature of habit.
Wold, this will be a wonderful Spring week waiting for us all! Thrilled already :)
#JFK #Airport workers get busted once again for stealing passengers shit lol
tell me I need edu xD
no Kim you are #losing!
WTF? thought it was gonna be 74 and partly sunny today, I'm freezing
Talking flipped classrooms and collaborative learning
I dont use chemicals in my hair not until a drug test is done proving Im being drugged raped and attacked..not my hair <Belinda Jackson>
No Problem! We just hope u choose one of our SW ATL families! Even though we have a good handle on our kids : )
Is Countdown still on the air, ha ha ha!
Yess they have the June 8 and 9 in Kansas of june 16-18 in San Francisco :)
Hey folks! Stop by Red Kiva this Wednesday, for The Marquis Hill Black-tet featuring Sarah Marie Young. Its going to be a great show!
come live in my heart and pay no rent. <3
I can count on you?
no its a lie Jimmy!! I got hacked!!
beautiful! I need to visit you guys out there!
Just gettin.outta work
I like the feeling when you reunite after not seeing your loved one for awhile - Absence makes the heart grow fonder
In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
#MeFact : is lik a sis to me n is my INSPIRATION.
Damn I caught u! ;P u am weird thoooo :P
Same here! CostCo is cheaper by about .10c I believe. That's where we both filled up our cars.
She too Hot to Handle, hot sex burnin Candles
Personal observation from #CPO2011 - A battle is looming b/w HR and Procurement w/ regard to talent management of contingent labor.
Do you have to pay extra to go to the meet and greet?(:
nice. What's on tap at the event. I'll take some Rayon Vert. Yessir.
Nate. When you start a sentence, please capitalize.
It wouldn't be the Super Bowl without some drama. Not Tiquan Underwood, but Boston radio guys getting into it for 2nd time this decade.
If you could just be born without toenails, then everything would be a heck of a lot easier.
I KNEW i hear footsteps! RT : Followed here! Hi everybody!
For the program to work, everyone needs to understand that social media is measured differently
follow back?
Hey there! We'd love to send you samples just DM me your address #BeanitosRock!
I hate cartel
RT : Watching the Interrupters...powerful documentary about gang violence
Ohh what part ?
And he ran, he ran so far away . . .
I'd Like To Welcome All Detroit Lions Fans Back To Reality....
You are not alone!
Trig teacher never showed for final what does this mean
Why does my urine smell like salami? Not sure if I'm grossed out or headed to subway for for a spicy Italian.
the laws are designed to be not for the people, but rather for the staus quo. changing only strengthens the unfair views.
thanks for the follow. Catch us Fri Jan 27th at the Crofoot in Pontiac MI with
Yes yes yes, Lauryn where are you? RT : Lauryn Hill come back please.
i like your icon :D. I'm glad you like the picture :)
teen actors lab finally joined twitter!
Thanks for the RT!
Iran is encircling Israel with Hezbollah, Hamas, Syria and now possibly what's happening in Egypt. #McFarland to
You forgot Jerry! :-)
Forgot my pen. Whole day thrown off...
Great food again last night. New favorite sammy: Drunken Chicken.
I'll be there today with my son (Victory Suite! )
Shoutout to the people that take a big ass table to eat a small apettizer by thierselves
Love G. Beck-but what I know and trust and depend on is not shifting.
is just for color
THIS! 100x THIS!
Trrw am on, we can make it work. I can swing by the press rm in the am, if you'll be there & we get put something on the calendar
All 3 U.S. indexes end week with gains on strong corporate results. #Dow adds 1.5%. #Nasdaq rises 2.3%, #SP500 up 1.8%.
Beats on Infamous are insane
maybe it was caught in the spam filter. i've confirmed your project and featured it anyway.
Reggie Miller's big brother interviewing Pacers will never not creep me out.
We cant just stop austin from moving. This is what he loves to do he wants to live his dream just like justin did. Lets be happy for him.
so where are you from? :)
lets do it!! As of 2:10 on may 2nd we have launched it! Lol
My pleasure--good luck!
I opted for Cuban. They deliver. :-)
The Bodemeister's frat brothers have got to be bumming, dude.
Out Off Twitter 2Day Love All The Troops #SaluteTheTroopsBitch Love Ya Bro.G.F.B. Damage Mode.Its Problems Bitch.M.P.
Best vegetable? Breets.
Where are you taking your mother for mothers day? Well it's all about atmosphere , food , togetherness and service....Taking reservations!
Y'all ever have some1 consistently lie 2 u then when u call em out on it they try to act you did something wrong? Man gtfo of here with that
My debut on the show will have to wait.. a little scheduling snafu on our part. Darn! Now the anticipation will just build!
I'll fact check that for you. You just might be on to something.
We're open! Join us today and see what all the rain did to help our gardens!
Guy at the store just told his daughter not to talk to me because i look like a mean boy.... I didnt think i was that ugly
Namco Bandai Takes Top Spot In March Thanks To One Piece In regards to software market share value for March, a surprising publisher took
Lmao omg! RT : Oh my other yaya? Yaya Curly?! She had a CS this morning to a bouncing baby bear! :D
Full of #gratitude that you are following. Looking forward to your tweets about using #positive #energy for
Seattle #protip: don't be THAT guy/girl who drives thru Pike Market.
Oh. Awesome. A gift card. It's like money, but I can only spend it where you thought I'd like to.
so whats up with everyone?
About to play Mw3:)!!"
come on, it's not like it's a webOS event, that would be something to get worked up about...
lol!!!! Freaking awesome!!!
Catching up on The Voice on dvr... Christina Aguilera has to be the most self centered, arrogant, insecure person in the world! So annoying
It was great to speak with Andrew as well! Thanks for taking the time and I look forward to seeing Igloo at #jboye12 :)
what's good tonight in #vegas?
I was going to say. I didnt think it was you at all. people now days :p
What? No shoehorn?
I really hope you don't :/
Back to work after #ARMA11 ready to put some of my learning in place. It was really a great conference for me this year.
im concert deprived! I NEED to see #JakeOwen this summer or ill cry
I always drink 2 beers before I rehearse. Cuz you know I'm gonna be buzzing at the show
lmfao we ain't animals just the life of a female before menopause lol if you don't wanna deal with it go after cougars lol
I love God but I really don't like being forced to go to church 😢
sorry to be so short but me and my wife separated,I needed a warm body to lay by so I got a good hunting dog he's independent.
#TheBestThingAboutThanksgiving Time with family and friends! Hope everyone has a happy Thanksgiving weekend from all of us at LiLLiES #DC !!
i'm good Still at work, I'll be home shortly lol. Nice to meet ya bro!!
Mattie I was hooked! I love #thewire. I bought every season!
liked my iPod and apps and shit better before it randomly updated itself -____-
Beach muscled internet douchebags are always quiet until they're finally right about something.
you're a rockstar!!
and if it is ? Lol
"You can't lead where you don't go; you can't teach what you don't know."
Can't wait until mu best friend gets his big break in being the biggest singer in the world!!!<3
In observance of the Sukkot Holiday the #Museum will be closed Thursday, October 13 and Friday, October 14.
: #1 mobile best practice: have a transaction on the mobile site and make the experience optimal for the user
how am I awake this early :/
I know that moment well
Surround yourself with progress!
Balling with
Its hard to find sweet amazing people like
hahah yeah they definitely butchered it!
If artest get shot in OKC it will go unreported
N.W.C
MILWAUKEE MIL-TOWN
I feel like I gained 20 pounds
I have a diff sound u should get at me
Do not let your hearts be troubled, trust in God. -John 14:1
u should change ur name 2 agent hero. no dibs, but I'm winning the DG space shoes! Last, can I have a cvs bag over walgreens?
The U.S. places in bottom 10 countries of the developed world when it comes to # of children enrolled in preschool.
Does anyone have Time-Warner wideband? Worth it? Their customer service makes me frightened.
Juwan Howard has made SERIOUS $$$ in the league!!!
Too bad the dictionary disagrees with you.
The #SMILEcon appreciates the Aloft Hotel in Dallas. Home of the and artistically fantastic.
Hey Lori, I sent you a message on FB. Did you receive? Thanks.
haha well how long has it been like that? (ya know, bitchy)
Dang Louisville could be really good next year.
hmm...I'll check it out. Just on the strength of your recommendation cuz
yes please :)
Accordng to Nancy Pearl winning word for fear of not having enough to read=lackolibrophobia
your welcome! Glad to help :)
A big THANK YOU! to our 4 new sponsors: , , Full Voice and 's The Sex Positive Doc Film Series
do you play xboxlive bro? if so could you play with me? haha
The lost finale did everything I wanted it to, and then like 8 other things.
I'm a large
Nice to be in such great company! I miss you Josh! Hope you & Yang are well! Big Hug! Jeris
Goodmorning, how are you this morning?
Travelling always reminds me how temporary things are. Up and on to the next steps!
Follow the rainbow to !
not sucking! RT : It's totally unfair that people call the Giants one-hit wonders. They get at least two or three hits a game.
Good morning! Stopping by to say hello and to wish you a great week. Take care.
#6wordstories kim got married and then divorced
Im gonna be on google maps!!!!
Where you at???
Fuck me like you hate me ;*
I would like to thank for that last pic
RT : Glad to be here! #HDSHoliday <Happy Holidays and thx for your ambassador-ship in 2011! Best to you and yours for a gr8 2012
Lee Wu Jew reflux server bleed to death.
Wow, that's a new one on me. If you try it, let me know
When I die, I'm going to watch One Direction & Justin shower.
This is a crazy baseball game! Arkansas 1B played the fool when Matthews called safe. I would have ejected him but I'll just laugh.
Bag O'Donuts signed my 1993 Packers team pic you gave me courtesy of America's Pack
Members of 1 direction may or may not have an STD..from a Koala Bear
Will probably be seeing everyone from the bonfire at the car wash some time today!
SHIT MY ASS JUST TIRED ..LMAOOO
I would be in heaven!
I try.
42 yrs after crime, man turns self in= GUILT is such a powerful feeling!
Unusually cold weather in San Diego? My crew is in heaven building, installing and planting the 5,000 sq ft green roof on sharp Hospital!
Glad to have a visit from Pam Yuen!
one bald guy looked at me for a fraction of a second...
#Sommeliers RT : absolutely! we are where it's at!!! Listen to us and you will be fine
That's Y.U. Mad
Aw! Thank you so much!
I love how they play that David Beckham commercial about 20 times a day, its so beautiful..
Are you a risk taker?
Love the feeling going to bed knowing that a) some people really do love you b) I get to sleep in! No work til 12!
Im not taking my phone off the charger for nothin! lol
Life would be soo much better if teachers like Mr. Mooney and Ms. Mcdonough didn't give 225 pounds of hw every night
traffic thru tacoma sucks ass. thats not a mystery. why that jackass next to use turned his lights off is beyond me. moron.
My heart is on fire, knowing I'm gonna lose the best thing that has walked into my life.
Headed to #MERGE12 final session. God is on His throne. Excited about what He could do tonight.
Kelli.Just listnd to Letter to Daddy... OMG! I Wonder made me cry 1st time I hrd it too but but DAMN! ACM's need to honor u!
that's sweetie but it's true like I said you two are a inspiration for what #reallove is :)
Thanks for tweeting my article.
There are two questions in life that will forever go unanswered- Who let the dogs out? And more importantly, what happened to Shaggy?
can I get double points for the trauma of not being sure if it's night barking or my neighbors having sex?
hm btwn yr last place and this theft, sounds unsafe over there. Sorry.
New Year's Eve is Thursday. Do you have your plans locked down yet?
word. "the illaroo" will be in the house on sunday.
Austin is really crazy during #SXSW. The Bellmen will be playing several times for free. come see!
come on get on it! cc:
I picked the wrong week to quit smoking
Interview with Blades fan: "What do you think of the game?" "Crap" "Can you still win it?" "Doubt it" "Downbeat then?" I miss Sheffield.
icon credit -
When can tweet but not reply to me.. Cool..
im tryna work man, well if your down.. i like your style and i think we could do some dope shit
If you haven't seen my best bud Matt play his guitar it's about time you get on it!
boss is GONE...live at 17 is on...now just need & her hunky hubby to get here
So excited!!! (And made it in plenty of time post pyle ctr)
Holy heart attack! Now we got home field advantage!
we're on it.. I talked w/ my staff about it earlier this week. I think the bike lanes will be fixed as well
what led to the change in graphical styles to a more cell shaded style?
Best kind of houseguest is the one who says: mind if I cook for you?
If only I could have shared that experience with you!
Casey. Enough Said
I don't think I've ever enjoyed Twitter as much as following your livetweeting of
Tired but wide awake
Whats your opinion on the recent court ruling regarding all #pitbuls as dangerous?
RT : When and I were appointed to #SAFE last year, it didn't take long to realize something wasn't right.
Thanks for the follow, nice to meet you!
Fuck you glee
ughh i bit my tough and now i have this bump on it and it hurts !
Early Warning System is coded by #EWU comp sci students & grads. Provides dashboard for teachers.
I already have at least 10 bug bites and it's only April. This is so not good.
thanks for that burrito recommendation! Great meeting you cats
Links We Love: The Entire Marc Jacobs Collection is Stolen & Fights Break Out for Versace 's H &M Debut Guess love of Donatella Versace i
A shower sounds so good right now but I cant get out of bed
Nope... (sad face)
Earlier link tweet, translated: This blog post is to an obscure Newsradio episode as a great Simpsons ep is to the same Newsradio ep
@ I can't go in and change my settings on the app. It tells me I owe $65 and some change.
i need to go back to his twitter and read up. got so much on my mind forgot about it. he's going 2 add 3 fans on his site.
So I want you to follow me... So bad..
haha, it's not stalking if it's consented to.
I-10 closed in NM; snow, ice hamper travel in Cochise Co. - KOLD-TV I-10 closed in NM; snow, ice hamper travel in Cochise Co. KOLD-TV AP
I have suggestions but I'm holding out until you meet with me re: English phd commons
Samurai movies are the westerns of Japan. Maybe we should call them easterns.
Read this today " the reason people give up so quickly is because they tend to look how far they have to go & not how far they have come
move forward relax yourself and your past
I really need to go to sleep
are we going for the Judge Smails at the yacht club look? Ascot will get laughs for sure.
please take note of the tending topic right now. " Harry is hot"
"If things get any better, we may have to hire someone to help us enjoy it."
Power of the internet :P
Do me a favor & send good vibes to my Momma today. She's having a rough week.
you just face a L but then ask to hit my smoke???
Reviewing the Chicago Bears&#39; 2012 NFL Draft
6-0 run by NY since Lebron dunked on them
Chillin in the press box with Geoff and Chris
great idea. I'd be more than happy to be involved in such an effort. Should we organize an informal happy hour?
Love that one too! Currently loaned out-I miss it!
yep. N64. I used to listen to a bunch of Goldfinger songs just because of Superman.
When you are spending too much time making up your mind,review what you most want to accomplish before you begin comparing alternatives
Hey! Yeah, everything is alright. Just a little bump in the day. Thanks for checking on me though. :)
My stuppid twitter is still being hacked but at least im not the only one
what is it?
You can't teach passion -- SK+G
Great epi last night! What great acting! Will Kim not be in some episodes? Since her character is going to a parents house.
what the fuck?
okay text when y'all make it 2 Africa 2morrow
Heading through the market, by the gum wall, and to Contour and Fado at 800 1st
RKG - some channels can drive orders w/out assists eg email and paid search; others need more : SEO, affiliates, etc.
I never owned UGG boots. Those are for sweatpant-lovin-lazy-girls... I'll pass.
RT : # Cancer make up the greater part of caring folks on this earth...which can sometimes be a FLAW
Fancy is nice, but simple can be nice too.
☪nice to just have some quiet time...heavy sigh.
Listening to my old music, there was a creativity in my novice that i'm lacking in my new found experienced level. Gotta get back to basics.
Workout What!!!
Too early to play keep away ... But Calipari does this often : / RT : This is where UK tries to kill clock and Baylor comes back
Awesome tat :)
Buffalo wild wings with Things r looking up!
come on now… he's trying hard to look cool and pretend he is doing things with the music. It takes years of practice to play a Mac.
So deep in lust...
its gone pay off doe i know it
You can practically hear his voice!
snowing up here in Michigan. Can't wait for
all day everyday
Hope you're coming back to Raleigh,NC next tour.missed you last year.keep rockin'!!
#FoodThatMakesYouShart collard greens
hahha okay! Why can't you?
Thanks Gary!
with my follow, is up to 11. Crushing you. Yes, Beckett is awesome. His parents are tired.
Thats ok, we don't mind hearing from ya Multiple times..Go Gators!!:)
First time making soup from scratch tonight. Let's see how this goes 😁
Turn To You <3
Thanks for your vision. With politics wishing to cut art programs, I believe this program does more then most really understand.
Where you at
Thought the newscaster said "Hesitant Obama."
Santa Fe has the cleanest air in US - Am Lung Assn. For those less fortunate - see your NM Pella Fella for new windows! Jeff 505-918-6339
Driving & tweeting ..
Oh. my. God. I cared so little, I almost passed out!
hard work soon pays off
students Lev and Tristan take second and third prize at Sphinx Competition! So proud of them and to be part of project step
happy birthday
Love is nothing without action. Trust is nothing without proof. Regret is nothing without change.
LEAVE ME ALONE. Just because i am one day younger than you doesn't mean i am any less of a person.
Senate is done for the day, will be back in tomorrow at 12:01 p.m. Assembly is just getting started.
where @? Maybe we should hit 🐻on sat?? Jus for the day
Love the sun as I go work out with this morning even though this weekend's time change will send us back into morning darkness.
These kids are given me a serious headache smh.....
The documentary was amazing <3 Good job !
: Electrified autos make the auto and electricity problems easier to solve together than separately
Nothing better than starting the New Year off watching my alma mater win!!
Never thought I'd say this: I'm seeing back-to-back Antonio Banderas movies. First was The Skin I Live In, this Friday is Puss in Boots.
Very cool. Instagram that awesome shirt. The world must be shown.
Follow this amazing quote account ♥ she has great tweets but hardly no followers :( please follow her?
"All the problems of the world could be settled easily if men were only willing to think." -- Thomas J. Watson, Former President of IBM
Shout out to my girl Devon Tuck! haha thanks for reminding me that I actually have a twitter account!
Follow back me Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating ;P
I've got couture
"Titty Sprinkles" and "Sweater Puppies" are the best phrases ever created by mankind!
“: I wanna head south but I already know work goanna get hetic, where do you think I should go?”where u from
SMELLS LIKE TEEN SPIRIT.
Big Orange today
Great time sitting in at Jazz Central Studios in Minneapolis. Awesome place, highly recommended!
Report: FBI Wants to Wiretap Facebook, Twitter, Google - PC Magazine
Remember we congratulate the FIRST to guess the correct answer. Numbers #35 #86 #98 #108 #112 #118 & #121 are still up for grabs :)
The Blues have tamed Barca on their own pitch. A red card, a missed penalty and four goals. What more could you want? Chelsea in the final.
BowWow want a 100 thou 4 booking I hope he dance like the old days round my way his azz acting like he can't dance lol gotta luv him tho
One of these days I'll just stop trying #you'llbesorry
Pre-ordered Melissa Hartwig of 's book: "It Starts with Food: Discover the Whole30 and Change Your Life in Unexpected Ways"
#SDSMS isn't trending & #WhitePeopleYouTubeSearches is? Have I been using the wrong hashtag? Help a social media e̶x̶p̶e̶r̶t̶ user out.
do you want me to be you for halloween or you pick for me
Registered on Disney.com YESTERDAY to get info for Dec. trip and THE NEXT DAY got Disney credit card application. Now that's fast marketing!
Mfs Just unreliable lol once again
The editors of Guinness World Records once again named itself the Most Guinness-y Book!
is having trouble changing his pic on twitter. Someone help please.
ill miss ya on the grid RT On that note, Self Control is back on for another 23 hours.
You smile , I smile :)
Gasol laying some free throws down
WHAT IS UP JUDAH!! SUPER!
Watching The Spongebob Movie and eating some candy :D!
I can't wait. This is going to be absolutely nuts.
See, that's what I'm saying, if not Bron who? Really. ?
As much smack as he talks it's cool that actually talks to people. More writers need to do that.
Getting the kids tucked in for the night and then time for VA training call
5 cadaver dogs hit 2009 Lindsay Wells case Simi Pd there. But did not dig need help for family to do dig
Thanks to everyone who joined us for our Thanksgiving buffet this year! It was a great success and can't wait for next year!
Charleston, SC is my getaway!
dude. I saw you skateboarding on the streets of Memphis, with a cig behind your ear. You've got yourself a twin out there!
Apple prepares upcoming Java updates for OS X - CNET
And that was that.
#GrouposMiddleName I say "Cornelius" is the fitting name. No need to look any further.
#wordoftheday You carp, I fidget. -Thanks Larry!
OMG!! That new freak on FB is up early, too. LOL
They're playing an song before the show! This makes me extremely happy! :)
We want to send our best wishes to the after today's events
something about that tilt of the head...
Sorry, I sure don't. But I am an avid customer.
low light ability , direct sun also . Crazy camera ,
Just bought Our Lady Peace's new album Burn, Burn. Not their best stuff, but I'll probably like it much more after several listens.
I love my friends & family.
“: i miss you, and we should hang asap!! :)” ruby!! Yay! Yes I will text you to see what's up this weekend :))
Ads with videos in my feed? So not cool, Twitter.
A few hours away! RT : Moët Hennessy’s #Ardbeg custom Orange County Choppers motorcycle auction at
nothing much in the house cooking..
Start of Independent Small Schools Athletic Conference boys championship game. Washington Waldorf leads Capital City 11 - 4 in Alexandria.
Same for me. Haven't been to a game in person at all this season. Tickets, even nose-bleed ones, are so expensive.
I have friends like that.
I feel both informed & entertained! Also, I now want to watch Dirty Dancing for the 1st time in a decade.
Want to check out the latest copy of Saveur, Bon Appetit, or Modern Baking? Take a look at the Current Periodicals section at the library!
yep for sprint. The cali travel is mostly for promo work. Do you travel at all?
"Brothers on the Jock"..
#BecauseOfNicki middle school kids are already having sex
"Somebody left the cork out of my lunch." -W.C. Fields
Best of luck to this weekend! I'll be watching for sure on Saturday !!
Sitting in on History of Children's Literature with Debra Mitts-Smith
I'm a Twitter bitch
I'm mad I know her whole interview by g Heart
Good Morning from Ohio Valley Educational Cooperative in KY, Twitter is a powerful networking tool that I am just learning.
Charlie Chiaplin: "Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot.”
You guys, we live in the US.
my only hope for order is naming chapters on the top of the doc and inserting relevant quotes for each
Putting the "ass" in "First Class." PHL - LAX.
RT Anyone know any deal to be had in Hawaii (Honolulu and Kauai) for hotels and great "locals" places to eat?
Gah! I thought I had my Starbucks card in another purse but it turns out some wanker stole & drained it May 1st & 2nd.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
As Francois Shakespeare once said, "Être or not Être, that ees Le Question"
This is some good stuff! Thanks for sharing.
Finally heading home. A detour that was totally not worth my time.
love what you're up to. Thx for following me in my fiction life. This is my teaching life. Cynthia
great news!
orignlly brewed by the Carlsberg Co. Denmark. I believe for North American market only. Intro'd 1994. 5.6% alc. Hi for back then
Great game, & the halftime show was the best I've seen in years. Once again, I didn't make it into any of the commercials...but someday...
maidservants of Boaz, and gleaned until the barley harvest and the wheat harvest were finished.Then she stayed at home with her #Torah 54/99
What's the move tonight??
Bulls game then bed. #Offline <3
So REFUSED are doing a world tour, and AT THE DRIVE IN are playing Lollapalooza? Welcome back, 1998. I missed you.
Shut up ^_^
Unfollowed me !!!FOLLOW ME now!!!!
so my best friend is getting married in September and I'm the Best Woman. SPEECH WRITING TIME.
Officially done with Tuesday classes. Three more days until semester 2 comes to a close.
New rage keeps Somali boys off street: video games - Austin American-Statesman
Time for #hoops... Or more aptly - Gasping for air and hard fouling
Flying Miami-NYC crossed finish line @ South Beach Triathlon with :) Set goals/work hard & u can do it! Swim-Bike-Run-Shoot-Edit-Publish
Take me I'm yours
your arms too short to box...but Thank God your legs are long enough to stump "The Hell out of the devil"
soon as I get back from church on goes the gator!
I need to just shut it down for the night...
falling off my workout habits..somebody..anybody..make me do a crunch..a jumping jack, leg lift or something...I need a drill sargeant..lol
child-sized harry potter robes worn by daniel radcliffe at ! filed under: shouldn't that be at a british history museum?
Payton come to Miami to throw to Reggie Wayne just like the good old days!
hate sleeping alone.
i am not sure how to add an event but Mathew Haeffel is playing up and under on 1-28. Show starts at 10!
Still trying to get back in "real-life" mode but not home yet. How are you?
were u at
I have a huge bulge in the back... I like to tuck it...
I adore his Amazing Smile 
Well put
Interview at New Dimension on Saturday.
Man just realized we are leaving tomorrow night for SMTown, I'm not ready but I'm looking foward to the break
you'd be a reporting GOD if you were to ask Vikes brass about this before anybody else.
I agree, #ExtremeRules will be on my screen. :-) is really kickin' it.
Makeup Training in Michigan! Train with the BEST! We are the 1st Makeup Training Studio in Michigan! (248) 477-5548
When someone lies to you even when you know the truth
Ring Rings were better when they were individually wrapped in foil. Devil Dogs= dry.
“: Our editorial team is hard at work putting the finishing touches on our inaugural QUARTERLY magazine."
I thought it was sweet of to take one of his fans to prom. You don't really ever get that from celebrities.
Yikes. And I thought I was the libchat meanie. Dear lord.
i am following you
Off to work!
Try The Boxer by Simon and Garfunkel and The Goonies are Good Enough by Cyndi Lauper.
To smoke crack like a gentleman.
hope you guys figure out what is going on, had something special for a few weeks
Me too, I wouldint let austin go...
planning to build a simple CNC router for our Printmaking dept. Any advice or similar projects?
Hey Girl Hey! video premiere party in NYC this Friday with Roxy Cottontail and Claw Money! RSVP to
Word to your mutha.
Caller ID would be closer to perfect if, five minutes after I intentionally don't pick up, it forced the caller's phone to ring.
excited for our dinner party next weekend :)
I cant stop staring at Arg's teeth..
I love my spastic kitty :)
- Did you catch "Snoot" the Grinch Gingrich telling the 99% to go get a bath and a job. We all know who is really dirty.
Better be puttin in some buy orders for Nestlé y'all.
that music from #korranation is brought to you by
comps reading update, affective state: my patience with Adorno continues to dwindle
yes and Cabernet Sauvignon + Chardonnay + ... Check out our Grateful Dead Red Wine blend. Cheers!
If you want to have an offline discussion, I would TOTALLY be down. The white board alone is priceless!
I'll be a millionaire . Don't worry bout me
Elijah James Whittaker. i love that boy. if only...if only...
Just another one...
Did the Avengers have some good one-liners? Yes. But they were against a bombastic backdrop that was just noise to me. :(
most likely both! It's a matter of practice, as with all things we learn.
#HowImGrand being lazy and weird.
Vagina RT this and I'll tweet you (:
Looking forward to seeing the Black Keys tonight. It'll be an amazing show. I know there'll be a lot of fellow Akronites in the building.
Anyone remember "temple run"??
Gearing up for our weekly Wednesday Clingy Adventure. Take a guess on where Clingy's going this week!
I enjoyed it when I was there last year. It rocked literally AND figuratively... ;-) Definitely will go back!
I've got my phone back! Reunited and it feels so good!
STILL SCREAMING LIL BOOSIE BOO COMING HOME I-10 SWERVE LEFT SWERVE RIGHT
Good morning!!!!!!
yes there is! It's an annual thing. Santacon, I think it's called
Still the Countdown continues...Get ready! Live Life All In!!! 2011
Add me on Youtube:D
“: 2 robbery suspects believed to be armed are barricaded inside Manhattan Beach Pier 1 Imports store; SWAT team en route”
Check out Glue's and the Boogie Munsters ( , ) tonight
Happy Holidays to you and hoping 2012 is a year filled with much joy and financial prosperity for you!
Thanks, will check out later
who wants to stay the night tonight & drive to Solon at 3am with me?
I scored some boots and a #freepeople sweater! I'll be sure to wear it 5 days in a row to work. baha
he cuffed yo shit i tried to cuff so i could have em but he took em
yep that's what the told me! It's ridiculous!
what about sex?
I wanna see Hickson & LMA on the court together.
I've seen Marley and Me about 5 times now and I cry every time!
<<<<<< WHo grinds more then dis young lady rite here????? #DUDLETBOYZ #SALUTE aye they got talent ova dere
Wearing my House of Low Culture shirt and started a metal conversation with my server \m/
my phone is off lil head
Who am I? 24601!
I already did thank you so much for the compliments!
okay:D
Wish You a Very Happy Birthday Fardeen Bhai! May GOD BLESS You with All the Success and Happiness! GOD BLESS! :)
One of the few times Sacha Baron Cohen does interview as himself & Ann Curry shits all over it.
Don't photoshop the beer out of their hands, it just looks like they're pretending to jack off.
According to the clock, it's evening, but you know how jet lag goes; as far as I'm concerned, it's morning.
oh I know, makes you re-evaluate many things ha
She wants you to give her attention on a daily basis and not only when you need or want something from her.
I like! Keep an eye on that site. You can signup for a city near you and get event deals too.
When its cold outside. Hold me. Don't hold me.
Shout out to follower #799 ! Enjoy your Sunday.
": When 'short' jeans are too long <<<<<<< #shortgirlproblems" story of my life.
Chicago graphdb meetup will be on Jan 26, details will be posted soon
- looking for some restaurant recommendations for
that is a long ass trip, its got to jack ur bodies system for awhile. Welcome back to PDX!!!!!
Wednesday means it's a Beaches Cruise-In evening. Don't miss it... This one is the second to last for 2011. Gates open at 4:00.
exit strategy... make the next left on fuck off ave
Same here. It acknowledges & exploits the strengths of a digital platform.
the end will blow your mind.
nice job on Outside the Lines today
i love randomly running into people like make my days so great.
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas! Haha
Amen, sister! Time only w toddler ibid RT : couple of hours with friends and I'm a new person. Note to self: solitude is bad for you.
100% OF THE PROFIT, 100% OF THE TIME!! We can manage your customers, Produce your billing and supply the services, giving you 100% profit!
I'd be HONORED to be your Godmother!!! :D. And I call dibs on being the Godmother of your first daughter! ;)
Pleased to meet you.
feel you
Remembering which shortened URLs I won't click takes up the part of my brain that used to retain the number of minutes to hard boil an egg.
I liked white house black label but far more dressy items online. Found that Aldo had great shoes though. On sale!
that was so cute!:) That made me smile!
Thanks for today! <33
I'm gonna charge it to great make-up chit-chat...
Wat you bout to get dawg
THANK you!! Oddly enough, "polysyllabificationism" ALSO turns out to be an anagram of my given name! Very cool to know. ; )
interesting. Personality change would suggest possible frontal lobe degeneration sure. The inability to make decisions...
I love my job. Legends of the Pool. #ffswim by
I love desert sunsets. A hawk & moon out at the last light - - you, me, the coyote's shadow laughing at us,& the bones they left behind.
Saved by the beer garden.
Does that little UFO work on Blippy users the way a laser pointer works on cats?
At the beach with the kids. Have the whole thing to ourselves except for a mom and her little boy name Daschle. Who names their kid that?
Those are pretty damn sweet. Very Jealous!
I have a recruiter looking for an account manager to call on Cablevision in NY. Shoot me an email if your interested. Just friends no other…
Not a great day on track. We'll do better tomorrow though!
What a GOAL for Spain!!!
#train2brk Layover facility in Brk controvrsy nothing to do with Dwnester/everything 2do w/need for genuine public engagemnt from the start
Nice. Await pix. RT : #SecClinton just inaugurated our new Ambassador's Residence along w/our Ambassador Kupiecki.
Haha, don't get too attached, the name may change! But there are tabs for featured AK, Distro, and sale titles too!
I like your earlobes.
Jealous! Have a great trip!
<--- He the reason why yo girl out every night,tellin you her phone bout to die,when you tryna get n touch with her. lol *Shrugs
no freakin way:)
RT : Wow! Best commercial ever! Way to go chipotle and Willie. Support your local grower
Im going to bed yall have a great nite
. and I had words last night re: Lana Del Ray. We've agreed to disagree, Ron Burgundy-style.
Your Very Welcome (:
Hey Arizona! :)
DJ All Nite tonight!
": I'm sorry, what language are you speaking? It sounds like bullshit."
is doing some great live tweeting from the NAACP Image awards. Check out his timeline.
I envy those of you who went to sleep last night. I just do not envy your tax bracket. :) #Gettin Mine.
i just ate all the red skittles first.. i dont even want the rest now
me to. ugh. ok. i think i'm going to buy the refurb online...don't tell
…It almost would rip your skin off.
Monster's Ball disgust me... it's about a struggling abandoned black &, abusive mom, who's overweight kid get's hit by a car and dies.
Nice! That reminds me -- the gym beckons!
I agree..in the words of De La Soul "...Yeah I said it..." ala Rock Co. Kane Flow
you have 4 jobs! stop with the resume! the baby animals need you!
It annoys me when i see 99% of battery.
I have RX glasses was already centrally blind in left eye had histoplasmosis when I was 22
Scratch that, #friedBananaBananza good god.
Your covers are so fun to listen to! Happy late birthday by the way... ^.^
love pastry is for shoes pastry acc is for accessories don't have time to be a poser
And I want you to realize that I love you more then you will ever be able to see.
nope, just Ikea. Just playing around with twitter, not impressed that much.
whose still up??
Priceline Profiting From the Procrastinator: CEO
Fuels your mental and spiritual being to effectively fuel your physical
is that Ryan Tedder from OneRepublic on the track?!
look. you have people who care about you and would be very upset if you died! DON'T DO IT!!!!!!
ok i gotcha...whats The price range we talkin?
Sometimes I wanna be your lover. Sometime I wanna be your friend.
lol it's your fault
Acc. to his dad, ex-Tulsa G Jordan Clarkson will appear on future ep. of OTL to talk transfer restrictions. (h/t ) ...
FRIDAY BITCHES!! Lol RT : G'morning WTF day is it?
Happy Labor Day to all our twitter fans and friends! Enjoy and be safe as always! :-)
Also David Stubbs in Jackson Hole and Ami Vitali is sometimes in Montana.
No! Well well. Well well well well well. I like it!
You're welcome!
Donut bee sofa king foolish hit!
Q1 She acknowledges that some people simply aren't suited to some tasks and doesn't hold that against them.
of course! Would be a treat to see the space updated - fond memories there.
Every time my dad helps me move, he tells me, "You're hiring movers next time!" This is the seventh time.
Once again thanks to all who have shown me great support with my new tune 'Our Heroes' it is now number one for the past 3 weeks.
trying to hit the lake
Today in 1987, Sammy Hagar hits #23 with "Give to Live".
RT : Whole Foods $WFMI stock price jumps 20% this morning after positive earnings release
Ill be gettin at a few new producers this evening
Does anyone know how Google analytics works?!
the map has the correct locations of each gift card so check the map before you go hunting :)
R.I.P. #Ali #tooyoungtodie you will be missed
If you have one of our tokens for a free wash, come on in, we are waiting for you!
barf. maybe you should move to portland.
How are you getting ready for ? What are you most excited about?
lol you're just a sassy bitch on twitter so i try to sass back... and fail. #d'oh
i say bitch everyday....i feel ashamed lol
ur sunset pix make me jealous!
I'm not sure yet.
ok tkm bff
BLESSED BE:-)
I want a new Tattoo
With a Little Help From My Friends
#FG Says:You Should Check Out
Aww!! What will you miss?
omg im talking to robert austin mahone's and alex constancio's friend!!
That's a winner! Go !
why no mor tweets I miss them.
nothing is better than seeing the big picture.
I like that phrase! ": A Severe Nice Day Warning"
Thanks so much to Ms. Holbrook , her class, and for a great event celebrating financial literacy month
Midweek perception check! Remember where you came from, remember how you got where you are now, and remember where your going.
A skunk eating an orange: the scent of incompetence.
If I don't find nothing better today I'm just gone settle with the ones at lakeside
oh nd its
But life is a battle: may we all be enabled to fight it well! ~ Charlotte Bronte
GNR IS ON STAGE
Bike Riding!!!!
It's like I've got a first class seat Up on Ozzy's train It's driving me insane 5150 somebody call the po po I'm going crazy
If you're doing reviews, check out BazaarVoice, Review-Script, and Citricle.
We're having a library book giveaway to coincide with Capitol Day today. We'd love for you to come by and see us.
You're right. I find Jaynes has a lot of good and reasonable thoughts concerning the Beavers.
Win a Pogoplug Business in the LAB!
please follow me Austin. Ur new cover of it will rain was amazing. Well , all your covers are AMAZING ! <3
Family dinner at Cheesecake :)
make sure to try out the pastrami dog. So delicious!
Passed a fat guy running today then when I passed him again he was laying on the ground.
Ok.but why is that fun???? Lol -- Erica Gaines () so i can see pic of u. Lol (:
I'm grown I don't need your help to get up....please and thank you!!!
#gc2012. Recommended reading. Ocho*Ocho. My childhood in war-torn Asia. Anna Bucher Jones. Available from Amazon. Worthy of purchase.
Incredibly weak pick #chiefs pioli thinks he knows everything - will be exposed again
iPad app now available for Scags. Go ahead and check it out, I know you won't be disappointed.
mistletoe is....... AMAZING AH I KNOW ITS GUNNA GET TO #1 NEVER SAY NEVER!
definitely an interesting character!
When I go home I'm eating pizza rolls.
sorry my friend not tonight. U can find us this thurs at the DTartwalk &main or check our etsy online under tinboxboutique
i want drugs and taco bell rn just because im bored
I could do errands.. but who wants to do that!
Suffering a creative and spiritual hang over from last nights showcase it was amazing !
this weather is wack
Now let me get in my truck cause all them bitches'll catch it
Just bought and in the process of downloading your EP A Dance You Won't Forget right now!!!
Remember the bizarre question he asked about the "bad boy" in one of your books?
Self-love, my liege, is not so vile a sin, as self-neglecting. William Shakespeare
Picking out a new pair of running shoes. Super-geekeded!
class blog!! Very interesting and I often question the necessity of learning objectives x
it was a pleasure and I'd love to have you on Raibon Radio. Thanks Patricia, Coach!
seriously though? wtf luckily this dude missed both of his FT's. Now lets actually draw up play and ink this shot
thank you :)
#ShineYourDivine #Denver #Colorado meeting up with the most #enlightened people of our time! #gratitude #angels #love and we
Ugh! Why do you have to be so cccuutteee?!
... Agree! Wats up wit that!? LoL
thanks so much for the follow! Big fan of what you're up to w/ Thrillist!
I totally forgot to tell you!! I bought the tix when you were at work... Get one asap!!
what's up?
Matter fact just have her call when she headed dis way so I can be lookin out.... My phone next to me
left U a surprise on ur station from me and Mikel:)
The weather might by gloomy, but we have something that'll cheer you up! Dark & Stormy: Gosling's black rum, ginger beer. Bring the sun out!
Hey , gf and I had it the other night. Good stuff!
Welcome to the Big Apple!
Two to follow and
Quite adorably, Liam, now 5, told me I could consider a Chihuahua mix if any showed up in rescues b/c he liked Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2.
Ok I know you will see richard soon me I would rather skip tomorrow
the hype is so mellow and my pipe is so yellow...
Going home , finna eat me some cereal :)
Don't be. They're so drunk they won't remember this.
not as good as these funny guys and
Tell me what you want and I'll hook you up
#TheChoice? gtfoh....lol (But I am sure I will watch just because lol)
Almost to 6,000 hits HOLY COW!! Y'all are fabulous :) New Post: 8 Easy Ways to Lose Weight...www.smalltowngirldcworld.blogspot.com
#clevelandbrowns fans is there anything worse than ur team missin playoffs every year? Try watching ur team lose every playoff game
Strauch: "The defendant should be punished for the decisions she made that afternoon when she decided to drink to excess" w/Prozac & Ambien.
tremendous weather killer wknd.
": "I could be happy/ The rest of my life/ With a cinnamon girl...""beautiful quote.............
And here comes the second guessing..
hey are you coming to charleston?
Having an awesome Christmas trip to the west so far, looking forward to catching up with some great friends later tonight.
That's it. If I don't hear back from the peeps who made the magento file uploader plugin in 30min., I am hacking it myself.
Aw my mum "I love Liam. Liam's my baby." Hahaha she's a Directioner! ;)
nope. I disagree
everyone needs a partner.
The US healthcare ranks #1 in cost and #37 in quality care! Smh.....
RT : New EEOC ruling means transgender workers now have greater Civil Rights Act protection than other LGBT workers:...
I can safely say without a doubt when I get married im just goin to vegas. Fuck this planning bullshit.
Don't have one either.. lol
I'm out on Friday
Cataloging choral pieces for church based on scanner recognition of a spreadsheet. My favorite so far is "All God's People Said 'Anngnll'"
After winning the lottery.
Dan Knott, former Chrysler purchasing chief, dies at 51 Dan Knott, who as Chrysler Group purchasing boss restored the automaker's reputat
"Mr. Bayle should not find any difficulty in this as he has done in his Dictionary article, 'Rorarius.'"
not positive yet.. I'll tell my people to call your people.
What a beautiful sunday!!!
I hate when ppl try telling me who I should be friends with and who I shouldn't be friends with
"today's Fresh Air is brought to you by MONSTER ENERGY WOO"
Live Music 2NITE!! 7pm -10pm Tyler Casey & his assortment of instruments will surely have you enjoying more than just your dinner! C U SOON!
Volunteers are lending a hand at Al Sigl Center as part of 's
Leaving grandparents day early to have lunch with my grandparents...
how do we place an order and get prices if there is no phone number !
I have seen the jhana model but did not go to the level of describing specific states with PIT. That may come later.
Great example of development in one domain working in another.
Ok Florida. I see you.
These smoking comercials are sick!! 
Ok #Pacers - finish 'em!
willie mcgee. old cards promo poster. were sent to SI years ago. took from the throwout pile ...
A Bayer Aspirin commercial during this debate? Not a coincidence, right?
So should take me to Whataburger >:)
just got offered a paid internship at World Magazine! Thanks for all the help getting here last semester!
This lady is straight up staring at me from across this room, I've looked her in the eye 3 times but she continues.
any updates on ? any important dates? I saw that we r near the 80% mark on req sigs to save this historic mural
Let's get a 10 from Len for ! Just start voting now
Happy Mothers Day. I Support The Single Moms!
10Things That Annoy Me: •No money •No food •Ratchetness •Waking up early •Being wrong •Being bored •Low battery •Liars •Hoes •YOU
APSDaemon.exe is a bitch. Sucking that CPU hard
In loving memory to my greatest insperation that raised me and planted the seeds of love, success, values, and the spirit of winning. I ...
i think christian bale or daniel day louise would make a great whitney houston.
#cantwait for your #Vegas #BDay weekend !! RT : So basically had the greatest night. is amazing-
Woo! Just commuted to work on my bike. 10 miles, San Jose to Satatoga. I hope to make this a daily thing.
I miss my seed!! Gotta get to S.C. asap!!
hehehh it was funny though ,plus i thought you hated them!
oh she is! so playful/lovable. she jumps on me begging to be petted then runs around me happily &plays w/leaves in her mouth lol
You still make me smile. even if you are the main reason why i’m so sad #TSS haha
Yo who's talking on Pop's Belief? It sounds like Gil Scott Heron. (Such a dope album, by the way.)
Guess the April showers decided to wait until may
Choose your battles. Say YES to as much as you can. Will help them to respect the nonnegotiables!
& as far as statistics, please look up the ones that pertain to Blk folks.....bc I can guarantee tht Blk men r bringing more debt
I changed my names n stuff but I'm still Roc royal girl lol <3
#NowPlaying Sweet and Low by Augustana
lol where you at?
2 yr old just made me wish I was 2 again: I had a dream I was walking down the street and didn't have to hold anyone's hand
follows me please : ) im fans of u :D 9
I hate life right now.
Cross another one off the bucket list: Went diving with the sharks off the north shore of Oahu this morning! Exhilarating!
RT from Iran: Khamenei tells people to oppose protestors, he has chosen his fate.
Checking out ereaders. Librarian-type people out there, do you have any recommendations? I'm currently leaning toward the Nook.
Eating at burger king with some of my friends
Maybe I've been in a cave, but has Belew left Crimson?
someone used to have before me. No one knows what happened to that guy.
: I love you rock stilettos & you love BB! You know I don't a dribble from a dunk:)
I feel like I'm missing out on so many opportunities, but not from a lack of trying. The ball just doesn't bounce the same for everyone.
Lunch time has arrived! And you're lucky, today is our #TuesdaySpecial! 1 Large 1-topping carryout pizza for ONLY $4.99! Promo code - TUE499
ALL u can eat Korean BBQ!
How's the weather in NY?
Way-too-uncommon exchange (that I happily had recently): "Just to be clear: CC-license = copies you don't control." "Yep, got it! 100% OK!"
Losing you ability to count will bring you near my IQ range, and you don't want that.
For. Real.
and im like a junior! i slept in crazy!(:
only if i can play the rainstick.
I really can't live without my phone
It would be such an amazing duo if chose to co-host!
Might be 50/50 >> RT : 10,000 fans who showed @ UW spring game are dedicated football fans or they wanted to win the car.
So now, move on to Master Chef
Let the wind mess up your hair, get your hands dirty, wear what your heart desires 'cause those tomorrows you're waiting for are passing by
Try not to sneeze at work whilst eating oatmeal.
Nice! RT : What you get when you combine the two loves of typography and soccer: the great tees of
Also a thank you for helping the Euroduo with updates.
I'm gonna fucking cry if this doesn't work
Your #aigaDC talk tonight was very entertaining and memorable. I now have a deeper appreciation for typography, thanks to you!
1st day back at the circus. Trouble from ? Nope. Trouble from ? Nope. Trouble from ? Yessir.
Welcome ! Everyone follow the beer brewer with a cause!
Yes, me too. But the internet has a million more possibilities!
My christmas gathering happened on the 23rd, got sick right after, wiped out xmas eve, spent christmas watching Dr. Who re-runs.
Haha I love my moms laugh, it's cute ☺
S/O to #MUSTFOLLOW FO REAL...I know this chick personally! Smoochez and hugs Miss Lady!
i'm just waiting for an important text & i always think its coming but then its you ;p
sad to not be with ya!
I swear bitches love to hate
What the what?!
Conflict is necessary before resolution.
For our generation, will we ever be too old for video games?
dude me too. i have fricken ripson my feet!! HOW DOES THAT HAPPEN?! and im like i dont even know im dying.
Thanks this is urs right
Ha! You're already over three of my top suggestions but I'll keep thinking!!
great haha you?
It was fun dressing up like a panda today XO lol brb.
Lol stop staring.
oh and before I go out gotta mention my love for p.s. just realized I understand the # @ difference take that twitter tutorial
Less than 5 hours until "False Alarms" is on iTunes!
#YouKnowLifeIsGreatWhen... does Book TV from a place in
But the roaming cats would be glad to add a few treats of their own! ;)
hahaha okay (; your welcome.
Awesome performance by Crosby tonight. Go Penguins!
We're here at the Hiney Child Pop Up Shop having a blast!!!! We'll be here til 930
neva mind. I had to change the chanel. Lakers playing like shit at home.
Thanks to your team for an early morning mtg to kick off a project. Also - I got my 1st your of ur space. Awesome.
Dirty Dancing is literally on once a week........and I watch it once a week.....
Westerville Schools levy now passing by 38 votes with 84% of precincts reporting.
shooting dice and drinking scotch!
#441996Mahone you are forever flawless. i love everything about your twitter. you live in san antonio? im jealous
Can McG be a corner OF? (RF, for Hart?) also I worry that we are finally seeing C.Hart put it all together & trade=stupid
scratch that, living social
Am I the only one who has let temple run consume my life right now?
Still up. Writting my verses.. cnt wait till studio tomorrow. S/o to my team and S/o to those who respect my grind.
thanks! So nice of you to say!
Yo necesito mas followers! I will be interesting this weekend!!!
kid is not prepared. so he is using the ask me questions or make this a discussion approach...
The first four demos from my new record have been posted. Check them out!
Im just playing!
are you serious man!?!? I was already planning on it, that place is incredible. Thanks for the heads up!
can't wait to hear.. when the appropriate time comes.
lol tell me about it
We know Harper is a great rookie, but ya all need to stop the way overdone lovefest & cover the game #typical espn bs
Blazing Saddles
"Count your life by smiles, not tears. Count your age by friends, not years"
#STAR #astrology speed of planet also determines its strength: elongation from sun, whether it is direct or retrograde determine this
Tonight.Karaoke.Checkboard.I'm bringing back my inner Britney.Be ready.
Happy Birthday to those folks who only have them every four years!
I'm just one gigantic pile of sick today. And I don't wanna go to school. Fuck.
in 's mouth
the fans could have voted for whoomp! there it is as the 7th inning song and instead went with 's choice. No respect.
As a matter of fact, it was my SAT scores that led me into my present vocation in life, comedy
If mike woodson keeps this up...hire him full time! 12 wins in last 15 games
damn i forgot robo bays take food
yeah, you should come
Prepping for the new MTA site launch at 10pm tonight!
News Another change of course for wild season as Adam Scott, Jason Dufner take Doral lead DORAL, Fla. - And so the show cont
Shaq u didn't win a ring in .4 u lost to the pistons
Yay, I got biggest tweeter!
Wow the concert downtown was suppose to be free it cost me 120.00. Damn could of gotton drunk on that.
first ever tweet....looking forward to playing cornhole tournament tomorrow with peiper at Pooleys, eastside Madison
Yea it is. The issue around here in Munhall is my friends can't ever get enough people.
Life is Great! Happy Easter.
Rt : I CATegorically deny pooping in 's seat, for the record. =^..^=
Enraging statement of the day: "Chrome on Mac is not a supported browser."
I'd love my life if you retweeted me .:)
I wonder what he's thinking when he looks at me and smiles.
When I needed you, you weren't there. Now that I got my weight up you want to be right by my side.
Im not that cool I guess haha
i love tweeting austin pick up lines. lol
Milw County Suburban FD's can talk to Waukesha County FD's without a patch. Just switch to 1 of the many talkgroup choices in thei radios
Avs tie Canucks in final minute, Win in OT 4-3 40 saves from Mr. Anderson
In the process of piecing together a few dreams...
Thinking about it.. if I'm done being sick.. Turns out Sibelius 7 is only a temporary cure
Congrats on the GGA! They should have let you 'speak' on the cast's behalf. You're adorable.
Ikr your good for that !!
WED: Bulls -8.5, Richmond -12 (Red Carpet Play),Wake Forest +8
My weekends start on thursday tho
I thought to my self "man, Josh Gasser disappeared after his hot start". Then I remembered #Rob Wilson went HAM!
I guess if 1/2🚺1/2🐠little👧's are your thing. That's cool too.
Did you guys get anything cool for President's Day?
hahahaha i remember this. -__- kept callin kenny and aj's name but girls would turn around
Oh, that was slick Sen. Hill.
Warped Tour and a roadtrip to AZ!
congrats MT “: Sanders to release his final budget on Wed. first truly-balanced one in long time”
I'm sure if someone read your twitter and then met me, they would be disappointed on several accounts
Candy corn, peanuts and M&Ms today. You should be finding this stuff in the couch and behind the TV 6 months from now. Go Pack!
Part 1: What do you get out of Social Media? Customer satisfaction, retention, conversion, new ideas, more media coverage.
No problem follow back pls! RT : Thnx for following me!!!
even if it was funny, their PA announcer is the most annoying one in the league.
In Our Schools: April 19 « Perfect Cake Decorating
Mega Millions drawing is at 11:00pm tonight. If you win while sitting at our bar your tab for the night is on us! (We expect a cut after)
Slow & easy is not my style...
Today, in 1877, Edison announces the invention of the phonograph.
and also, everyone is privy to your love for The Titanic soundtrack
Looking forward to seeing your future posts on the topic.
"Convergence" as tech and market phenomenon requires reg changes - goal should be tech neutral and sensitive to market power
The Time Travelers Wife is a beautiful and sad movie.
First day of conditioning, not bad at all. #mountiebaseball now to the #NCAAtournament!!
Just started listening to them and they are real good
Happy Valentine's Day!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 41
getting ready for some storms...... rain love it!
"a boy threw up at school today. I didn't eat it." Melissa at 4yo
Ah' I need this good shit.
i was shocked again at how much they slammed each other
5pm on Sunday and the place is hoppin. Come see wassup!
They did a really awesome series on the anon hacking of HP Gary that they compiled into an ebook. I'm for any long form news.
Psychic Stripper Britanny from the Tally Ho is here! Stump her with your undies and win Further Fest tix! 222-6000
what tournaments are the magic going to this Spring?
#Facts Scott Brooks is no Flip Saunders
"Girls" is acting all crazy.
looks like the dbacks are winning!
damn since. When. Is 16 rebs not playing mike Brown a bum
My shoes feel super comfy today
i love the detailed instructions about how to tag newly added music in itunes radio. for example, the "WTF" tag...
Come check out First Class Mutiny with a new 4th member on keyboards and bass at Money Plays Sat July 9th!!! FREE!!
Has anyone tried p90X and Insanity??
And by checking in at Counter Burgers I definitely meant the Drybar...Opps
: "did you download iTimedistortion, again? What did we talk about last 2034 about this...” laughed so hard I dropped my iPhone.
okay amazing people:-D
coming from a person who blew me off again. Lol... I am just kidding. Safe travels. Yes, LGA is bad.
Twitter buddy. :))
