he is very cute with that violin!
no prob kiddo
Just saw a face on TV I haven't for a long time:
"Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable."-George Bernard Shaw
Jackie, in order to win you need to add a profile photo so this looks like a real account :)
I almost squeed
Im just gonna keep reading kimi wa petto and wait for my hair
hit me up with Skype or Oovoo names
More than a little creeped out that the ads I'm getting now are specifically for delay and flanger pedals.
must have been blinded by the pants and shoes has been sporting lately.
Get moving!
Today was a good day... :)
Tupac Hologram. Chills. Love.
wow! How long have you had it?
So excited to be signed up for the !!! Excited and nervous...and scared...Oh no..what did I just do???
haha this year was... Different..? Haha. But the other years I've been at TCC, it's a lot better than this year for sure..
3 more days. Who are you looking forward to see play?
cant hear you talk over the crowd bruh.. follow aonther jimmy?
Ain't nothing like a Saturday in october
It should be a Constitutional amendment that you can't run for POTUS if you "talk to God" or claim that "God talks directly to you.".
If i were to start learning how to use flash, what program/version would you recommend? and do you know of any good tutorials?
Registered Sacramento Process Server to handle your subpoenas, summons, small claims, wage garnishments, & bank Levy, 916-509-0677
is bubbling with optimism.
easy run this afternoon with followed by clean and jerks, hand stand push ups, double unders and ball slams at crossfit. OOF
We're still working the bugs out with the network, hopefully we'll be live with the Nice & Slow Mix by 12:30. Cross your fingers...
thank you! stoked you think so! :)
I hate when ppl try to "double check" ur life as if u can't handle ur own business. Jus N case you didn't know check urself B4 u check NE 1!
Woo hoo!! We are soo excited for Thursday! RT : Vegas!!!! FInally ;-)
Please follow
do you live there
Check out perceptionsalon.com this #blackfriday for huge gift card sale deals, have a terrific day
amen, truth tella
I cook twice as much food as I need to because I wish someone else would eat it. FML.
yeah, I cant wait for training camp, and the season to start. Also the draft
My prayer today, Lord please help me to try harder less and surrender more.
Finished the yard by moonlight. Grass still rich and thick like Nestle's Quik...but signs of change are near. Get ready troops.
Scott Walker lied on WISN Channel 12 Milwaukee.
wow no comment lol
My girlfriend shops at both of those stores. Score!
oh. very cool
Oil change on the ride! Gonna peel out on the exit!
omerta...next tatt?!?! Might be.
" ...because your everything I`m looking for i know cause I`m not looking anymore..." 11:11 - Austin Mahone on Replay!! 
u got Zwagg girl u rock Rt
Since when did having Skittles and an Arizona iced tea make people suspicious
Logic dictates that (c) owners should make themselves locatable. Maybe there's not an OW issue, technology will fix all
LOL technically I live in Virginia, which you'd know if you had addressed my envelope yet ;)
Welcome to Europe and announcing our #structureeurope conference. Read more about the new channel and event here:...
One Small Change: Spring Cleaning in the Kitchen
Agreed. RT : It is amazing how much people get done if they don't worry about who gets the credit.
“: 2nd treadmill run of the day starts with 'Til I Collapse...coincidence???!!! Thanks pandora and eminem!” yes!!
Adele's Voice. Is Like Craving Chocolate On Valentines Day? You Want More Of it. I Wanna Here Adele's Voice Some More :))
Say what you want but sometimes a Friday night in is just what I need.
thank you doll! You are awesome!
Yes. And it is the season finale. Crazy!
Kinda realized that I lik cuddlin n watchin a movie tis it was nice ;)
of course !(:
That's the same thing i said
Thank you for the #followback hope to serve you soon!
i hope we get our projects back from coach drayton mines bad ass
referring to the Google bit, that is.
I feel pretty "blessed" to have hid so hard in the closet for the 4 nerve racking years of high school and escape bullying (to my face).
thanks for the follow Melissa! Cheers!
Watching Sports Center and just saw that the NBA playoffs start today. Huh, who knew!
Intoxicated by the moon
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Socrates quote-Only the extremely ignorant or the extremely intelligent can resist change ~
Aesop Rock - Daylight
that sucks! did you name it? i broke my little chillum the night before 4/20 :(
o be nice leave Jermaine hair alone
The fact that my little brother still talks about BGC7. I'm worried about him
"Man is the creature of circumstances." Robert Owen, born on this day in 1771.
- lol too funny!
hey I just wanted to say hey and I'm still waiting on them tostadas you gone owe me two plates soon tell Kevin an the girls hi
RT : "US Culture in the Age of Experts," w Tim Melley, Rebecca Lemov, me, & Priscilla Wald responding, is on the prgm for
With the news that got full-time at Tribal, we need to celebrate!
"I believe the children are our future"...opened my law school entrance exam & shaped my career. RIP Whitney
Yea, it was in the Missionary Herald--the ABCFM's flagship magazine.
I just love how all these people are going to set up everything for us on "autopilot."
Taco bell went off now pandora until I doze off
Waiting rooms should have barcaloungers if the waits are going to two hours.
So my kid, who is a Southern girl at heart, is getting heavily recruited by both Alabama AND Auburn.... Hm let the games begin.
RT : I feel proud to have had so many ex. of mothering & family beyond my family of origin. Diversity = Strength not limit ...
Yea Buddy!!!!
Finally FB stands up for the users who have made them so wealthy. Next move - sell user data directly to the employers.
awesome schools :-)
Found my Aaron Carter cd :)
Thanks for for the #WW! I learn from your tweets, so thank you for that, too.
I wish i was a senior so i could move on and never fall for your games (o^^)o (o^^)oo(^^o)o(^^o) (o^^)oo(^^o)
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose. - Bill Gates
We spoke with a group of North San Diego County Realtors & investors today. We're happy to speak with your group, too!
but I do see myself as a missionary of anarchism, sustainability, solidarity, and most importantly: music
The WFA is on the march! Now at the Roy Arias Studios in Manhattan . Less than ten days to go.
I've lost 83.....I'm so close to my goal.....scale hasn't budged in weeks :(
Would love to find some #swimming buddies (Peninsula YMCA on Valeta)!
:O lol but u don't remember my bday huh!?
you should be the first janoskian to follow me
Another scuffle ensues. Let em fight!
ahh we dont that's from a few seasons back we believe...but that shouldnt stop you from coming by haha!
Ryan Moats. Ended up having a decent career but boy was he putrid with the Eagles. Couldn't remember a play call or hold onto ball.
Knock KnockWho's there !Armenia !Armenia who ?Armenia every word I say !
i kniw ugh, oh well at least we can say time is a bitch ahahhahahhah
Idk. I feel sad but there's nothing to be sad about..
STOP LYING. It's too much dude..
& The song just come on my ipod im listen to it right now "ahh
what happened?! We owe each other some phone calls.
I love doing comedy - I get a laugh out of it, it's not so serious
Aw, shucks!
Who's going to this occupy fundraiser on sante fe?
Plenty of grub in the Young & Hungry food court! You know your stomach is grumbling by now.
RT : Dudes in KC, want to impress a first date? is the new venue of choice. // works on spouses too
That's ridiculous. By now you probably have your food & I bet it's delicious!
cute but voice is annoying!
I ask u this question: why do u follow me? I am no messiah. I can barely spell messiah
Yeah buddy rollin like a big shot ;*
Do not regret growing older. It's a privilege denied to many.
great. Bring him over a d we can escort him to the VIP section
Fox News, y u no have news about foxes?!
"Has Grizzly Man arrived?"
Budget & Evaluations meeting today! Great presentations for future planning!
Somebody slap me. I taught the cockaiel to whistle Jingle bells. better than halls of montezuma which was taught while we were on vacation
I can't stand feeling trapped. I'm happy with things yes but knowing I cant just hop a flight and start over, annoys me.
I thought it was cute what that girl told us lol !(:
make two dreams come true but following me nd 43
RT : That's Michigan's first lead over Ohio since Nov. 17, 2007
Nothin in life will EVER knock me down. Thank you haters for fueling the fire to conquer my ultimate desires in life! Even Jesus had haters!
Its not as easy as it looks
Umm, yeah. My last RT was crap. I can't find how to delete it easily so I've come here to say it was wrong. SMH
You cannot estimate the immensity of the f*ck in which I do not give
half time tweet....we gottem right where we want them.look out..
where in heavens name are you finding all these tidbits of wisdom?...
Just home from taking the kids to see the Lorax -- we loved it!
"The greatest discovery of my generation is that man can alter his life simply by altering his attitude of mind." - William James. Smile!
Senior Dancers are warming up for tomorrow- Be there! Senior Dance Concert, BU Dance Theater- box office: 617 358 2500
If you play with fire, your gonna get burned. Just like if you play with someones heart, they'll hurt yours in return </3
Anni told me about that.. Hahahaha.
This will not end well...
Looking up 'how to join AFTRA' and 'How to join the Hell's Angels" pops up, which naturally was my next search, thanks #ehow.com!
Good to learn more about health & fitness - probably shouldn't have been a sit down meeting, in retrospect
i need 2 more followers wussup
typing a 3 page paper for english -__-
Is it bad that the thing I'm most excited for in THOR 2 is more Idris Elba as Heimdall?
Congrats, happy birthday!! Looking forward to seeing what is in store from you guys in year 6.
Who's had a chance to see all the #Batman filming action?
There were some great moments but I've yet to see a news special on #transkids that isn't sensationalized.
Local comic book store was already out of the Firefly comic by 11 a.m., but I did get a free Buffy comic (w/Caitlin R. Kiernan story in it).
I can't understand you right now please do your best to loose the accent
what holiday?
We dont have stray dogs in our neighborhood, we have #Lycans I know I havs one.
have a url I can check it out at?
your amazingg. and oh.. YOURE LIKE 20 MINUTES AWAY so um.. where should we meet up? lool
Our podcast is that precious! (I greatly appreciate all of your hard work.)
<---- This guy used to follow his dreams til they got a restraining order!!!!!
still not sure why anyone would travel to #somolia journalists? peaceworkers?
I cant trust my own sister -_-
Thanks to and all our peeps for a great night in the Yoo Hoo Room last night! We'll see you again soon.
Oh no, my fingers I swear have a mind of their own when I type. :D I think your fingers are lovely.
Likewise. Good way to end it.
This game is awful. I feel so bad for Jay. Omiyale and Kellen Davis aren't NFL starters.
the President has assured me that tomorrow he will be offering state of NC up for auction, he hears Iran needs a new territory..
small, in land park with really amazing pizza & 1/2 price bottles of wine on Thursdays. Win!
g door. You?
I moved on from PlayStation but still with Sony! Happy new year!!!
awesome! I'll be waiting. XD
The Greatest Tour of 2012, Get your Tickets Now!
im pretty sure , da worst part is dat da snitch got me in half da trouble im in & i stuck my neck 4 him
That's sweet
What is your plan? Are you going to watch Super Bowl?
Worst day eveer :/ !
Build Day this Saturday folks!! Make sure sure to sign up this week only 40 spots available
“: honestly, who is posting tweets on my twitter cause it isnt me.... #honestly” honestly...
Deals dropping like snow. Year end may make up for the rest of 2011.
In my texas, hole in the wall bbq joints (like that one in belton wrote about) would be open now.
be mad at all the people killed and sorry but I don't have anything bad to say about the soldiers..not til I walk in their shoes
I completely agree! I love that song!
Abraham Lincoln
don't give up. just be you, cause life's too short to me anybody else <3
good to relax on sundays:)
RT oh my gosh!! i just heard on ESPNU for the the Alabama/Florida game... thats so cool!
Nope. Missed that. Guess I'll just have to go back.
From a Lakers fan in SoCal to you: get the hell off my team, punk! You're an embarassment to Phil Jackson and the Lakers.
no i dont..from what heard myspace is dead. i will have a fb i'm working on it right now ok.
Someone help me learn this philosophy for my final
Danny O'Brien to the #Badgers should be a great 2 year starter, then we'll get 3 years of after he redshirts this year!
probably in the evening because I have class nd errands to run lol! I'll keep you posted tho
Tore It Up Tonight Kid!! Nice Win!!!
me too! They could save money and the fans would be much happier!!
"Somebody is smokin the devils grass"...loll
This month's drawing for 2 free hours has been made! Check out our Facebook page to see if your name was drawn. www.facebook.com/okcpartybus
. 21 days till boyfriend . Super excited . #iloveyou .
Thank you. Credit goes to and re: ALEC post. :-)
Oz is at Eubank and Devolepment for lunch service.
#smh Rob it's just a game 1 lol.. #GoLakers RT : Have your $$$ ready when they take this sweep!!! LOL
I'm riding round An I'm gettin it It's mine I spend it !
Tell your hubby about the benefits of massage! Maybe he will like our Deep Heat muscle relief?
Stalkin Austin and reading all of his tweets! :D
Make em work for it grizz.
#MusLearning The things I remember are the things I can connect to things I've already learned, which makes indiv. facts seem less unique
This better be a fun Saturday night!
thanks.. haha was about to have an brain hemorrhage if I saw DU go by one more time and not know what it was... GOOD LUCK!
you know it Angela!
celebrating a friends birthday this weekend, so lots of drinking lol that's pretty much the plan. How about you?
yes, I look forward to it
I'll admit it: I found my first trip to Chambana terrifying. [+]
wish more men understood that
Daniel Craig - English (King's), Rooney Mara - some kind of eastern European, Robin Wright - ? Stelan Skarsgard - Swedish
stiff, no personality etc
Love the "I say," I say.
Thank you! How did you find us? When are you submitting an article?
so much bro(:
JFK Was Assassinated because of Executive Order 11110 -- #OWS needs to focus ALL it's strength on ENDING THE FEDERAL RESERVE
We!! #Caps !!! 6th straight road win, 9th straight W... Love it!!
Nice article, Casey.
Drag Me to Hell sucked? Oh no. We're only going to one movie this year - that was going to be it.
i miss u too dawg!
No egg has been left unturned to ensure these rare birds survived in captivity before releasing them back into the wildlands of Mauritius.
I'm the Illest Chick Alive , Realist Chick Alive! :) hehehe
#imagine you were Austins girlfriend ;)
swagg ! don't let anyone hold you down ;-)
\Google should develop a feature that lets Gmail users reference previously sent emails with a link.
Catchng up on Media. Watching Nikki Minaj "My Time Now" bio MTV. OMG just crying, and shes TRINI like me :-) We have similar spirits 4 real
haha just saw this. Love the tweet requests from the bar!
You are so welcome!!! Majorly impressed by your awesomeness on #iOS game!
I need a name for a new "synergy drink." Slogan will be: "Leverage your beverage."
They've grown so much ☺
your welcome for the #ff !! :P
I want to go watch the avengers in 3D. ;D
You can't not give a s**t your whole life then wonder why it sucks!
Please come to the civic center at 4pm. We need as many as we can for our march.
you would have made a lot more had not overslept!
I so agree. Sharon is an amazing human being. I would not be so
Checked the weather. Looks like a perfect day for some rock and roll.
In the whip with babe , his sister, and her daughter (: ♥
You got rims on your Kia
Starbucks have the best Turkey and Swiss Sandwiches !!!!!
You can cure racism and hatred by injecting music and love into peoples lives.
More Notable Birthdays: Tucker Carlson, Tracey Gold, Megan Fox.
Most definitely. Would love to get back to Ucross sooner than later.
Scouts honor 
A little jealousy in a relationship is healthy, it's nice to know someone's afraid to lose you...
thankyou to all my new followers today :D love you all!
when and how much?
thx....i will be getting in touch with u
oh wow... Sry bt i would hve never guess u were white:-)
Glenn Frey is singing "My Buddy" on NPR!
If i hear about a miami signing i will camp outside a week in advance just to get wrist bands!! no joke
Omigod I hate Elise. I really, really hate Elise. #hellskitchen Or at least the editor is good at making me hate Elise.
Gettin to this msg late my bad, how long are you guys in town for? Gonna be a little hectic until Friday night.
my mornings are always amazing waking up next to you lov your are truely a heaven sent angel n thank u for all that u r. I Love you
Naaaw um we not finna do this... playing mexican music at 2:25 am... hell noo
ran out the class screaming "RAAAPPPEEEE"
The movie Meet John Doe is on as I read your tweet & it too has the message to meet, know & help your neighbors. Thanks
Where my phone??
Don't have tickets for Faces of Hope Gala? U can buy at the door! 7PM LA State Museum, cocktail attire. CU tonight!
Last Night was fun , beautiful people and great music!
Hey, undercover police officer, I really really dig your gigantic antennas.
Yes. A ticket to Thursday's game get's both games
Agreed! It will be a nice addition to the waterfront.
Eating cotton late at night makes Alf think he's Frank Sinatra.
no one did shit to him. seriously
Happy Thanksgiving!
So are you saying I should cut my lawn tonight or wait until tomorrow night?
nice find Miller Brewer has to hit that 4th quarter game 7 gonna be good
you should spray them back. or kill them. whichever works better. or you could shower and be happy...
Practice hope. As hopefulness becomes a habit, you can achieve a permanently happy spirit. ~Norman Vincent Peale
Good morning off to work so tired :/
If in Re to the weather tweet- The Chrome App I use to update G+, Facebook and Twitter all at once was on when I posted that to VW..
i have never liked that woman.
I agree there I learned about that in EDL and kinda worried now D:
Oh dang. Probably not. Have plans tonight. Thanks for the invite though!
what are you doing tomorrow?
thanks for doing your part in correcting bad pronunciation. Maybe nuclear can be your next lesson.
Yes! Good one. Any place that also has fries?
Good luck today Vin! Nice earmuffs, lol.
skool be trippin, im ready to make money now!!
Volbeat/The Damned Things concert tonight!!!!!
Have to admit it was pretty amazing. We need a win to salvage the series.
gorgeous ma gal, get the shoes and you'll look fab!:*
Welcome to Philly glad to have you here.
Try special offers by text message! Text htsd to 84700... show your text to the HT staff at any of our San Diego locations, and redeem!!
Hey, those're my people! Anything exciting come up?
Thanks for the support, Dean!
Thanks for the mention. Have a wonderful weekend!
okay I see ya, and I'll be back home next weekend.
Afternoon everyone who's got big water street plans this weekend??
#Finally getting to lay by the pool with me peeps.
#Terps been T up for a lot less
Great crowd is still growing at Ward 5 town hall meeting. Not too late to come - Community Academy Public Charter at 1400 1st St NW
So I'm up early cuz I had to do sun for my mama n then on top of that I had to wake up bay wit ha Lil over sleeping ass lol
teamed up with many restaurants around Chicago. Looking forward to hearing back from you! Thanks! :)
Tiger Woods is like OJ Simpson, except he didn't even kill anybody.
Totally agree, and I think you were right when you said #HITECH and #ACA are diff, but hard to separate re reform
Why doesn't Winnie the Pooh ever get stung by the bees he messes with?
#BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl talking about yourself like you're something special. You're welcome.
trying out twitter for the first time
we here its so boring
My sissy being sick<<<<<
Omfg some dude trynna get at me !!
#TGIFITzee is kicking off... now. Go! See you until 6pm!
We're prepping a lunar new year surprise for you all. Stay tuned!
Who do you look up to besides Geo?
In our fight against income inequality, nothing touches as many NYers as raising min wage. I applaud Assembly & Speaker Silver on vote today
and what is tofu exactly? Veggie? no right?
Francine is doing the final web page tweeks then we'll be ready to go 8-)
Right, I don't have writing skills? Makes sense. And annoying players like you said? I don't even tweet them all
aww hell...well we gotta go to da fair lol
Agreed RT : Don't let print die. Recycle/print. Not everyone can afford kindles, nooks, or iPads. Not everyone has Internet.
fun facts but let's get to GAMaz elections please...
and I are gonna make Assyrian League history. Mike by putting up 50+ points and 30 Rebounds, and me gettin a Tripple Double
Half crying/half giggling over Tebow in NY.
Just interviewed for our debut issue. They are WORLD CLASS LADIES! Really excited about seeing them live tonight!
Goodluck to the homie at #Bamboozle.. Rock that shit.
where have you been?! All day long....twitter is so boring so I'm singing your song!
Oh I see
What's going down twitter people?
have you been to the field museum before?
Thanks for the #FF! LOVE your products! :)
<3 RT if you see this?
Keep it 100, even if you won't benefit from it.
Follow He is awesome!
i hate beenin in my last class of the day..........its so freakin long
It is about that time again up and ready for work got to case my paper..i am on my kfc swag
HAPPY VALENTINES! BOYS TREAT YOUR WOMEN RIGHT!
Welcome to Obama's America, where you can't even get hotdog pizzas and pizza-cheeseburger hybrids… What happened to Freedom?
North Carolina, Maine, and California. All of them treat Gay marriage the same way. Stop blaming the South please.
Reason no 1126 I miss living in the Quarter:the closet bodega to me is the Boot store. #Fail #NOLA I miss the Nelly Deli
he was THAT pissed
Who else is going to the Masquerade tomorrow for the Fearless Friends Tour? :D
Giving up on the Grammy Awards and heading for bed. We have some important coffee people to take care of in the morning! :-)
You're gonna kiss a lot of frogs before you find your prince.
“: Nothing just coolin” oh ok how's my buddy
I'll make sure I'll bring cool stuff junior year lol
watchn wait for Aaliyah special to air she sang with passion with heart wit that conviction her swag
Looks like they could've used him on the U23's...so dissapointing.
Must List – Summer Beauty | Austin Woman Magazine
anyone else ever have trouble deciding what to read? poetry, fiction, history, news, reviews... I just can't keep up!
I'm not being very friendly today and I'm really enjoying it.
chose the instumental to booty dew by for my dance class.. most definetly killing it.
I'm home. Phone plugged in. Can you come up to my place when you get into town?
Yay for Daniel! MT : A piece I did for is mentioned in best #nonfiction of year list, by :
but I swam a straight 1200, yay for me!!!!
The skill of being able to look someone in the eye
So much more could've been done
My ex best friend is such a bitch!
RT : I bet will appreciate the Twitter feature that lets you change user names but keep your followers. >Ha!
yes I am during over here my damn stomach hurts
Began developing and creating content for ILP's new corporate consulting school.
Its A Fun Day When You can dance down the block & see your Bf Tying to do the same Thing<3
RT Surprise! Kindle Touch Won't Let You Use 3G Browsing - on.mash.to/qm25QN
wrapping ur present now
Maria Pallante is clearly signaling that orphan works legislation is a priority of the Copyright Office.
could this room be getting any colder? turn off the fan already...
are we allowed to submit more than one audition per session, also can we submit our videos via youtube as well?
That's exactly right. "Talkback" to me implies focus on the artists "Post-show discussion" implies focus on the play.
What's popping my nigg
says is appealing to people's emotions to drive brand trust & purchase behavior, instead of just stating facts.
say blood
word see yinz later
Just shipped off our third custom order of the week. Love making personalized flipbooks for client's special occasions!
Tonight!! We're watching Madmen. Get in here! Big screen, real sound...
how you figure that lol???
Old lady on the train wearing matching black and white plaid shirt and...wait for it...socks.
Same station, new responsibilities. Seriously need to come see you guys! I don't have any spare livers though :-/
Have played around with audioboo. but not in connection with kidblog. Thx for the suggestion!
Section 8 row A seat 15
I have a pulse... it was much needed. Now it's back to the last beat, last stretch, last month(ish) of undergrad!
I feel your pain, instead I'm having to fill a ton of water balloons and do time out for the millionth time!!
"This person is saying really bad things about you" in my DM's.
That didn't last long...updated my fb!!!!
Knicks over Lakers, a beautiful thing. Maybe this NBA season is turning around.
YES I LOVE the film. Perhaps the only Joel Schumacher film I love so dearly, mostly because of the casting of Phantom ;)
i'm showing love from here in my city Cincinnati
The 2-year Faculty Reception starts at 5:30 in the Missouri Room. We're giving away a free iPad to an attendee!
takes more than that!
#Packers need to start punishing the bears when in the red zone
Boys who dance.<3
I don't hate you. More for me! ;-)
To clean your shower curtain, wash it in the washing machine with about one cup each of vinegar and bleach, some white towels and a...
The new Facebook photo viewer feels like Instagram
you too!!
If you have any halloween candy left at your house...THROW IT AWAY!! Whatever is easily accessible is more likely to get eaten:)
No worries, he put three past me during some ODP comp back before his time with the 17s. So sick.
KinderTown's Educational App Store For Parents Doubles Users, Adds Apps For ... - TechCrunch
Tell me again when you're back? (In case you want to join me for the event I just mentioned: Great photo ops!)
hey btw I know you guys wanted to know - the pup's been adopted by our receptionist's parents! Def a good home. :)
My grandfather passed away last night. Can u pls send me some of ur beautiful words to help lift my spirits?! xoxo
My radio station played WMYB as a club remix and it was pretty awesome...I think I love this radio station...They play WMYB 20 times a day
There are a disproportionate amount of attractive women who work at Chik Fil A in comparison to other fast food restaurants.
I bet I'll fall in love :p lol
In tennis, the scoring term for zero is love!
Happy Mother's Day!! :)
Beck tune? #DoTell RT Guess I'm doin' fine! Brilliant. RT Cheers on the Beck tune!
Whoa. Have you written about such an event? If not, please do so ASAP and publish and send to me.
Love itRT : drinking a Sazerac with my boys Delicious!
3 cents per word was the rate of a copy editor who I chatted with a month or two ago.
Mention that u follow us in twitter and receive a $50 Gift card if you book your holiday party by November 15!
Fixed RT : True leader. Teams will want him till he's 40. RT : "Get off the fu***** floor man! Let's GO!" - David West
such a busy day ahead.....
Has anyone found a solution to avoid severe energy crashes after lunch?
thanks for finding interesting.
ah im excited!! haha ive wanted to do this for a while!! and when dvd comes out we can watch it together:)
Ohh hahahahah! & hell yeah :) with your webcam :)
im emailing u now
Jobs for entertainers and musicians on cruise ships! Not interestedbut know someone who is?We'll pay you! www.MOneStudios.com
powering through this study sesh with some old school
dude they're incredible
Follow to get more followers
does think she can push me around like that? , can you believe this behavior?
The Militant wonders how much more business the La Cienega/Rodeo Target raked in today.
Just made a rocket fuel tank on inventor, feeling pretty awesome!!!
Eek! You're up early.
By far one of the best nights ever.
Sounds like more information on the NBC hubub is forthcoming. Some shows get 13 ep extensions. That was scary. :)
#cara student Edmond B. secured a position as a cook! 62 of 310!!!
Leadership is about taking time away from short term needs to focus on long term goals.
what'd they say about the famous Colt Brennan hit?
she didn't send it to Adam directly she just tweeted it to the universe but still it was awful to quote hitler like that
yo what kinda dorm did you pick for GT?
ya ... for now...we will always update on here & FB... I ain't madatchya.....talk soon ma man
Im fina check it now..I hungry 4 so clean beats bruh bruh
Care coordination is essential but incredibly difficult to achieve via
Isn't there any way to test this without publishing a tweet?
I need a new wallet. This one has run its course. My cards are falling everywhere.
you should not operate without AC! Dear lord it is unbearable.
RT : Life's too short to wake up in the morning with regrets. So, love the people who treat you right and...
I think the song that best represents that idea: Katie Perry's "I Kissed A Girl". Yep
Thanks brother, appreciate that.
completed his food and exercise diary for 02/17/2012
It's a Monday night. You know what that means... #TheVoice finals! Ohh yes!!
thanks grace that sounds right you're the best!
Soul music gig tonight with great Terron Brooks, Johnathan Flaugher, and James Gadson! No cover, Casa del Mar in Santa Monica, 7-11.
One more week until our concert at Smith College and the premiere of Donald Wheelock's String Quartet No. 5.
You're all encouraged to text me any weekday between 9 and 3 and remind me to mail back Netflix discs.
Big day on PokerStars planned....I'm gonna play thousands of hands!
So... am I gonna have to update Facebook, Twitter & Google + now?
ya ill try
Only about a dozen of the 600+ items sold in the Ted Williams auction have not sold. Letter from Bob Feller only brought $2990. Bargain.
Contemplating an auto-retweet alley-oop to regarding the #allnighter/being a senior/the sunrise/etc. Could happen.
Thanks for the follow!
I've been having the same problem. I picked allergy based on the additional symptom of itchy eyes. Thank god for
Finally decided to try this twitter thing out
Here's today's #HumanTrafficking fact: 12.5 million people are enslaved worldwide, more than at the height of the transatlantic slave trade.
I just can't wait to never have to see any of you again.
what time is everyone heading there?
good seeing you this weekend boo :)
look who it is
It's as much of a lock as the Pistons not making the playoffs hahaha jk
Girl I need your photos from bell.. I have u up for an editorial shooting in NYC in 2 weeks..Need ASAP!!!
#Miami is rattled. They can't handle the #Chicago defense right now.
If I could forget 8th grade that would be swell
Thank you! Wish you were here..next one :)
PB and Jay wishes Jackson Wetherbee a happy B-Day!
I just stumbled into your path. This is really interesting. Where can I purchase published copies about the declaration signers?
It defies comprehension.
I've been meaning to ask that haha
you made our blog post. Goes live tomorrow.
Follow Me Please did not and it is very sad :D
Youre reductive to think you love me more
About to make dinner for tonight. Hamburger Helper! For realz. Hubby is easy to please! =]
Social Commerce ? I'm so interested in that one :)
Tonya from GNG is at the annual NYSCATE educational technology conference in Rochester. Hope to connect with NYS educators!
Was wondering why nobody has invented the toilet bowl that cleans itself?
Movies or just stuff?
thanks for the follow. Much love. Hope you had a chance to download our single wild style.
but boobs are fun!
Not an ordinary party tonight !Better get there early because u are gonna find a big line
Your work rocks! Great to meet you!
Showed up for practice with a Meow Meow kitty t-shirt
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small compared to what lies within us --Ralph Waldo Emerson
hey what's good? How long r you here for?
Number 1 rule: Stay True
This nigga Derrick Rose stay injured.
Once got pulled over for speeding/singing "No Sleep Till Brooklyn" on the way to Fredonia in a Plymouth Gran Fury
I see where u get it from
95 southbound. Funyuns and Orange Fanta. Life is sweet.
Oh wow, I am already thinking of the mod crime noir to match this! :D
your are so welcome :-)
#Cancer MB guy of the day: Princeton
I'm through with letting your shit get to me. Ignoring you is much easier anyhow.
follow back ...
Does anyone wanna co own this account ? I honestly hardly go on and I need someone to keep the account running
perhaps we were in the same traffic jam. Sheesh, that was a cosmic bust of a night. Happy belated birthday, Sean!
Thank you!!! :) ": “: Just Got Word I've been nominated for another Daytime Emmys Award!!!” Congrats!"
Major debates exist regarding whether Hegel himself was religious. He certainly draws on religious sources.
Two more days to check out the April show in Gallery 924. We are open until 6 tonight!
concussions, he had mental problems because of it
Don't really know what to say at this point ....
I HATE shopping with my f'n mother.
All great ones! RT : fatality by ladi dadi by & language by
QB controversy? Jacob Russell scores TD. Russell running, Smith throwing. ...
Always something ;)
#cartoonists: We need a pen and ink #drawing of #MittRomney in high school beating up a kid, smaller and weaker than he was, and laughing.
Thanks sweets... juststarting to tweet away...
congratulations!! Truly the best kind of boring news.
til the end of third
worry about yo self and no one else
schools have you played against. You are Syracuse. You are better that St. John's and 80% of the BE. Challenge your team!
I'm fine. Just been crazy busy!
Ok if this pregnancy poont discussion doesn't end in 5 minutes an unfollow is definitely in order.
re: SAKS & Retail, just read Retail Strategy for Downtown PDX-Its WEAK! Call us re: Retail Ombudsman/Permit FastTrack ideas.
49ers don't have enough cap room to sign Manning. This is a giant ploy to sign A.Smith for less $$$ then he thinks he deserves.
Shoutout to the bitch who got pushed out of gucci car
Do you get a lot of web traffic from landlords? Would you be interested in advertising our product in exchange for a revenue share?
Agreed. Also post-its. Always find a reason to use the colors to mean something
You can also review our personal security video/photo surveillance application, perfect for college students.
Our eyes are a window into the soul
When I saw that Raffi Torres was suspended for 25 games, I seriously couldn't stop laughing.
I use to laugh at Gucci Mane but now I expect him to come and save songs when he features on them.
Anyone selling or know someone selling their iPhone 4 on AT&T? #fb hit me up!
AAAHHH!! JUSTIN RT'D YOU!!!! OMG IM SO EXCITED FOR YOU!! CONGRATS LOVE!!! YOU TOTALLY DESERVE IT!! :'D
can't wait to see you all and the fellow winners 2morrow nite ;)
Today is the 26th Anniversary of Live Aid, the question remains, "What are you doing to make Earth a better place to live?"
love! am I missing an option to subscribe via rss?
come to northstarr !"
check that <<<<< hourly my comment after helped you realize. Take it as sarcasm haha
He might have his old job back come Sunday morning...
cause.........ur my brother y wouldnt i know ur b-day?????
May These Noises Startle You In Your Sleep Tonight
Like our Youth Ambassadors of MOMIE'S TLC page!! Check out the world premier of "Makin Rain Barrels"!!!
For my friends without Showtime, someone sent me a youtube link. I posted it on my wall. WARNING: Bad, bad words....
This medicine has me shaking so bad
i legit have a crush on you
there's your web gem.
Fine tuning this reliance on emotional reaction and creating a new reality in the moment is what professional Meisner acting classes are...
i just dropped my car off to get the interior detailed. woo-hoo. i luv a clean car.
Read the DOMUS article I just retweet about the Pritzker Prize. Now the selection makes sense.
- Going with the Asics Gel-DS Racer 9. I'll give them a try, if they don't work well for me I'll shop around for another.
"acting means to act and that's what an actor has to do" -yes my professor really said this
LOL! Don't believe it! RT Met & she tried 2 push me 2 my death. Said it was a 'boo-boo of the shove muscle.
I'm bored. Shoulda gone out.
who styled her?
you and the crew need another video like Call Me Maybe :) follow me? <3
And so very bored
#SexisBettetWhen she mad at u and u just fuck thr anger right outta her
Wait, I was leaving .. y'all keep pulling me back in :)
Celebrity Sex Tape is finally out...check out some screenshots from the shoot, the movie, and post shoot!
Thanks for the shout out, we're happy to help! RT Thanks for your great customer service today!
This is The Night wherein I am lost, the Love through which I am no longer I.
I know if I was in your situation I'd just want my soul that goes into a place that has no such thing as debt
Really? For how long? :/ I'll try and play doctor lol
i had the SAME.hair color as you and i just died it a little darker:) youll love it :D doo itt<3
thanks, we had a great time!
ooh! the weather tease was just 'changing numbers for snow totals...' that sounds great!!
hungry too
7 year old?
Sending thoughts your way. It is good to remenber.
I wish last night could last forever.
if i had a dollar 4 everytime i heard "I LOVE U" i'd be broke,if i had a dollar for everytime i said "i love u" i'd be a millionaire!
Will Ferrell, Zach Galifianakis to shoot 'Southern Rivals' in New Orleans - NOLA.com
oh dayummmm look who made a twitter =) lmfaooo
Sources: UCLA set to fire head coach Rick Neuheisel; Searching for successor
Follow for laughs only: He is a colleague after all. Well, maybe not.
Please explain the reason for team pretty ladies? RT : I'm loyal to those who deserve it ...
Monday - Hot! Tuesday - Hot! Weds - Hot! Thursday - Hot! Friday - Hot! Forecast for the week... lots and lots of cold beer!
Let me know what color to order...lol
Tune into the show right now for all of your NBA playoffs talk! from #NBAdotcom will join the show at 1130.
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.
There is truly something wrong with my professor.
you dont even need to workout....
Cleveland #GirlsLoveWhen I DJ.
Another Film Shoot this weekend for 'Damaged Goods'. Will post some pics!!
just for the record, I was summarising Stuart Drummond, not advocating imposition ;)
Thanks, David! I'm such a sucker for driving/stopping taking pictures. :)
What you do for yourself makes you successful. What you do for others makes you Significant!
Happy birthday Are you 3 hours younger in #seattle?
interact with the game targets and get them to interact back with you.
Enjoying the taste of some amazing Italian wines , the 08 Scarpone us my fave so far!
I'm Serious, I Dnt Know What To Talk Bout :D
Home wishing I was still with Becca. We needed more time. Today was an amazing day spent with my best friend Becca
Too old to be out till 4:ooam
ha you better be ready! I can't have you leaving the car in the drive thru again ☺
Aww thank you!
I would die of happiness haha RT : wow if and come to the , I will be SO freakin happy :)
Apparently Siri has decided the #Lumia900 is the best smartphone available! LOL!!
Damn do I have to go to class 😒
Going well. It feels different than other Atwoods bc it's in the first person, but it works.
David Freese made a BIG impact today. His fans have good reason to look up to him.
Say What?
If you could make him appear, I would be in your debt. I always pay my debts.
You inspire me #doveinspired #mom2summit for your fashion and your flan !
Eagerly searching for these mint green 10's
Playing darts and drinking 50 cent beer.
You have to put up with me more often!!! RT : thanks for putting up with me! lol
yep, I'm still in.
omg i just got the best newS
niggq shut up
Congrats!! RT WE ARE MOVING!!!! Behold 6,000 sq ft. of bag making paradise!!!
RT I think that I am out of Twitter jail #ttw12 - welcome back!
thats true, i didnt even have to buy a membership, i use my brothers :D
We want to add a 5th person to the band we need a lead guitar player, anyone know anybody good?
- Are Bibles "stolen" from hotels? The Giddeon society (not hotel) puts it there. Printed inside is, "take this with you."
I love yo ass
Is "#fella" always gendered male? What about fellows? What about "My Fellow Americans"?
oh well....hey, at least its fo' free! ;)
Women be noticin'. Can't stop a woman from noticin'
I think you are a fabulous. Thanks for being the first trial in this!
REIFIER: A film by , produced by , Starring and
Cross your fingers. :]
“It’s all for a ring that’s too big to wear and a trophy you can’t keep.”
I don't hear thunder! My house MUST be sound proof. Just kidding guys, I'm not THAT stupid.
Thanks for the recommendation! hope to see you soon!
Omg my nephew is 6.4" only 15 with dimples!!. Women kee your filfthy hands off my baby! Arghhhhh
within the next 5 years.
hey, I just met you.. and this is crazy... BUT HERE'S MY NUMBER!! SO CALL ME MAYBE?!
If you don't already, I urge you to follow , one of the hottest NYC designers of women's wear, men's wear, & bridal!
Those are indeed the ones to pay attention to. More on that in class.
She's here! () At the entrance. Can't wait to see you girls!
It's finally starting to cool down & get breezy outside
Judging by my TL, most of you need to get laid.
RT : a bat's thoughts are inaccessible to me; my OWN experience is inaccessible to me
Oh, it's not you. But I've got piles of notes for you. I need to write the overview. It's going to be a terrific book.
Nice meeting you too, let's keep in touch!
Ok now playing MW3 on Wii
We use tweets 4 advertising our services and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
Your all I want! your all I need! your everything!
Don't forget to listen to that Rick Rozzay on the way to work.
Doing fieldwork these past few months has made me feel alive again. It also reminds me why I love what I do.
aye, i like your retweet ;)
Thx & Many Happy New Year tidings to you!
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =) 6 6
#dhtrial. Jurors trickling back in...
i followed you!
Im so stupid... why do i do it?.. cause i hope to much.. i give up. Staying the way i am
it's going well! Super crowded! No its not showing cause it came out in theaters already
ah man i dont want to remember a thing yesterday. what a day it was to remember though. started out bad ass till the night then things went
Everybody go follow
that's hilarious
imma goofy person! Thank you alexx:)
Here comes your Drama Teaher kids aw. I missed you guys. Love, Mz Renee'
Oh, now that's cool.
Shout out to ! Everyone go follow her!! :)
Hey everyone look at my website!! topnotchescorts.net
or want someone to take theirs off...;)
kirk+cousins
Lakers take the win!
If you want to sell your car, van or truck fast for cash, we will give you TOP DOLLAR with no hassles. We accept any year, make and...
Just bought a ton of clothes at Hollister! Why do I do this to myself? /:
enjoyed seeing Dan Covey's beautiful lighting of John Legend tonight.test ifttt
Any word on the TBS video release date?
What do say about a king who built an empire, but killed 10 million people?
I'm tired af but whatever I can sleep when I die #YOLO lol
Back to our devs again!
i'm going crazy without tumblr D;
Really debating on walkin outta class
I called 742-DINE, but the 53704 zip was outside of their radius. RT : shall I overnight you some Lanna Thai?
The very funny is on with in 10 minutes.
Yay, I'm on my way to the doctor's.
#Brewers game tonight! As Bob Uecker says, "Spring hopes attorney." In other words, time wounds all heels. Gallardo pitching. Go Yo!
Flight delayed stuck at dfw
"Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture."
Whish I was out plowing making real money .... Not sitting at the Nike store "/
shu han, i think that someone has hacked your account...
Well, to be fair, of all the common ailments that's probably the one you really really don't want to try and play through. q:
Got to see Manon by Massenet at the Vienna Opera House :-)
follow back miss
What beats a funny picture?
So i wish the guy i like liked me back hahah
1690 AM Gary and Nick are keeping their pudgy lil fingers on the pulse of Montreal team & combat sports.
ENTERTAINMENT: you need to see these lil' girls
Is there anyone I can talk to?
Denemon Junmai Ginjo #Sake. Floral, balanced, smooth, slightly sweet. Melon, tropical fruits, good acidity. 91 pts
10 Facebook tips: 1.No one like a shitty troll
My baby andrew makes me happy with his pink ass ! <3
lol u got her ass den
Have to get up at 5am tomorrow morning :/ so not looking forward to this 4 hour drive
Mark your calendars! Winefest 2012 has been set for March 31 from 3-6 p.m. It's Europe vs. Americas (North/South). Who's excited?
this one is new. :) I was following so many people on the other one, I never read through my newsfeed, so I started fresh.
Thank you!
It�s never a good idea to adopt a #dog that doesn't "feel right"
Sunny skies and low 80's! We couldn't ask for a better day.
Thank you for coming out! Last night was a blast! :)
has locked himself in his basement office and won't come out until he has a HotCloud submission
Laying out is not the same without and
But yet, we kind of want to call her.. and ask random dirty questions.
love this
Reliving my adolescence with THE PROMISE RING!!!
awww still have to wait one week POO!!
Hot as hell out bbq weather! Rooftop nyc party weather!
16 hahahah :))) I like your eyes :)
tuns out and I are both in Miami - and we were on the same flight! How random?!
whops that should be into third
Excellent! Keep in touch with us on your blog. Loved the post and would love to see more!
TCM salutes Cincy native Doris Day
da beets is easy, grate 'em, saute 'em in evoo. add slivered almonds, white wine vinegar, salt and dill to taste.
When ur in a hotel room and have a bed next to your dads bed but he is snoring too loud so you sleep in the bathroom.
If the head right Cory there everynight.....
Thanks... same to you too!
poo ass rain...
Just got done with a crazy game of lazer tag
Hi Amanda, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
I am gonna try to get my number up to 25 in the # of concerts I have been to by the end of summer ;)
i bet you cant guess who this is?:) just believe… or belieb;)
How does the death of Amy Winehouse send a message? Most rehabbed "sober" folks need real life anchors and tools to detect abuse
4 Reasons Pinterest Wins with Women (And Facebook Loses) via
My nephew is forcing me to play video games:(
RIP steve jobs, thanks for all your ithings - they rock! way to leave a legacy
I think it is quite dangerous for an organisation to think they can predict where they are going to need leadership
"S/he would rather cook than wash bottles, but s/he does not want to eat or drink from dirty plates or glasses." [+]
Putchya hands up for #boston ! Represent.
I know you know somebody that raps, tell them we film professional music videos. Let us make you a star!
So sad to hear the news on Levon Helm. Truly one of music's giants. Thoughts go out to Levon and his friends/family.
Actually kind of looking forward to tomorrow even though It's a Monday! Goodnight my beautiful followers! <3
UGH, why do I only own The Princess Diaries on VHS instead of DVD? A real tragedy.
Can you chat on Twitter?
It truly is! ✌
yeah. at the ch933 studio, he came out and met fans. just stick around for a while :) it cud happen.
Anyone know when the usa Basketball camp is?
Thks for mentioning Ann Rhoades #hrflsummit stay in touch
Great show right?!
happy new year to all!
Keep Tweeting me your #BEST #MAKEUP looks! #Big #Prize for winner coming at the end of this month! Be #Creative & #FUN!
Get off this digital short, Justin Bieber. You're ruining it.
Ener1 bankruptcy was long inevitable, and I suspect Obama knew it was coming this week, hence warning that "companies will fail" in SOTU
excellent! Bourbon reunion!
hey! Keep it down in there! I can hear you watching hot shots II and touching yourself.
Lol does she hacked your twitter?
Give it up for the ladies! With their 12-game winning streak, #UM has nothing to fear.
Which Movie Star Got Strangled By Her Dress? This redhead loves Lanvin, but his designs don 't always love her back. Case in point: The b
Final 4... LET'S GO BUCKS!!!
thank you!
Checking out Rogers Forge apts this weekend-any good words on that complex?
Having a meal at Go Raw Cafe... Consuming raw and organic products makes me feel great :)
you can say that again but tomorrow is not only Friday but a new day! End on a high note Kelsey!
We'd love to get you involved in our 'Noche de Estrellas' event at the Organization of American States this April. Gracias!
Congrats! You'll really enjoy it. We need all the talented developers on board. Let me know if I can help.
What college do you think I have a good shot at getting into?
so proud of my baby girl! You did AWESOME!!!! 💙💜💗
Freakin bella and the baby woke me up...-_-
RT : #check 's upcoming concerts there are a lot of good artist coming in the next few months dont sleep
Why is Aaron Hill not on third base right now? Had more than plenty of time to get there. Could've walked from second to third and made it
Thanks, Marilyn! You, too! Sad that it's winter again? Kind of. How about lunch this summer when school's out?
I wanna party in the dancin mood
Good morning again, Crown Point. And to think that I thought that Chicago was the Windy City.
Two brothers get lost in the woods and come across a hermit living in a cave, who's building a bomb.
We're meeting Sexy Axe Girls!, Our Host Niqui Love and our Advertising Company 2nite.
Congrats to my sister Lauren who graduates from today!
Zulu Rolling...why won't you give me a coconut.
Miss America 2012 ok miss Oklahoma
Bye bye Green Bay!!!!!!
Photographing manuscripts on ugly blue that's the inverse of the average color, to aid computer processing. Clever!
hey hun I received your voice. No worries just hit me up when your ready. You know ill make time for you =)
Finally seeing the Karp documentary tonight!
Crashing from the high.
I will be there!
It's true, I'm up for my early morning workout, & excited for the day to come!
oh man that's great! I was starting to think about that. Thank you!
Had the Subway pizza sub. Wasn't that great. Too much sauce erreywhere.
MY BROTHER COMES HOME TOMORROW!!!! YAYAYAYAY
You can justify stealing bread if you are hungry. I doubt you can justify stealing content because you are bored or impatient.
Take all you stolen wealth money and shove it up ur arse.
i want to full moon fuck you
So who do you guess think will win senior tag? Team pussies in swim suits?
Looks like the show tonight has been cancelled. Sorry, everyone. We're working on a make-up date, so hang tight!
We finish 1-1-1 in the NFL on Sunday as the Dolphins win, Falcons push, and Cowboys win but don't cover.
Come out to the L.A. Artwalk today!
Post and Kells at 1900 Post Alley
Get your hurricane books today - I'm closing for a brief vacation until Thursday!
Why do girls come to casting calls with wigs on like its not noticeably fake
"We're an enthusiastic bunch. We recently won "Best Team Spirit" at a Curling Bonspeil...!" They do interactive!
11:33 pm is a bad time to have homework to do. good thing it's 11:35
are you sure you don't moonlight as a marketing genius ???
Bizarre Food Museums
Trolololololol. Karma sure is a bitch. Especially when I hold the cards :)
everyone go follow . he only needs 8 more followers until 300. i wont stop tweeting until he gets there. 13
Good job saints!!!
lmao yes, bi-weekly living haha...granted we would have had to move to Utah but whatever...I would have done it ;)
The awkward moment when you go in the shower with your socks on..
Hey, : Happy Valentine's Day. -fm
you should be at right now
"The genesis of this idea is Vera Katz's. This is a tribute to her.
we're working on it
I wanna do the go cart race! Hook a brother up.
Omg thank god (:
I am feeling a huge 2nd half for Chase Tapley to bring back #SDSU Let's
How fun! It is so important to create the Healthy Habit at such a young age!
I wrote a short film a while back. Today, a rad team is being pulled together to make it come to life. So pumped!
Live music tonight at six.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash at Hwy 19 and River Road in the Waunakee area. Use caution in this area.
My neighborhood smells of bbq and cheap tequila.
Kaleidoscope is this Thursday & Friday, Showcase nxt Monday, Dance Recital is in 4weeks & I leave for NY in 6weeks ! *yikes*
Thanks for including me Jen!
Check out I WANNA GO @ Aaron Davis on my fan page on FACEBOOK Thank you.
When justice is blind it is justice but when Justice have eyes to see, it becomes injustice. Injustice is the opposite of justice.
I swear, this is the week I will FINALLY get to a game.
happy 18th birthday!!!!...wishes on ya special day have more fun than usual'n party like never before
Music is music, life is life, just live and let nature take controll of the Manifestation..
Happy Mother's Day to my amazing mother!♥
Creative toppings give the humble pancake some panache
Hope does us proud!
A time of reinvention for brands and reconnecting with your audience
I know. He definitely carried himself like a professional. Did you enjoy the show?
Did you get it?
Steven Spielberg is on the smash set filming on 44th st between 5/6 aves. Katherine McPhee there too
Lets try drinking again pt. 2.
Thanks for having on your show this morning. It was fun! Was nice to meet you all.
sure,what time.I take off Mondays but I am usually there for a few minutes. I will schedule to be there when you are there.
. Great question! I think this is going to be a gradual shift but we need to get more on board!
Come on Chavy!
"All my possessions for a moment of time."-Elizabeth I
I GOT IT
- learn fake sleeping or find some good hiding spots. C'mon man get creative!
Tom. Tell that when y'all come to Texas it will be my 18th bday
I've heard like 10 times already, ah. I LOVE it.
I have a crew set up: Old Dirty Dogs Inc.
do you think he would be creeped out if I told him the things I want to do with him?
I don't like the model of free and paid users. Dropbox does them very separately.
I’m sorry, but even though bacon is tasty, I’d never order a “bacon milk shake.” Crazy. People are bizarre.
Ready for a tour!
Great start to the day, not to try to finish #TheScrewtapeLetters before book club
hey me
but you shouldn't cause no one else does
LA go upset OKC
I HAVE NO PATIENCE...
I'm so sorry to hear... *prayers on the way*
good morning and happy Sunday
#jobs #job #ruby #rails Oregon or Washington based RoR developer wanted. Work for our client remotely, info @
we're cute:) aha
Chelsea Clark is pregnant.
I'm seeing it. So is this a small town? How big is it compared to Canterbury?
We'll warm up the Guerilla combos!
I wish would live tweet during the Spurs FA Cup semi...provide me some English insight...
I know! It's so obvious thy their team is getting pissed that we are doing so well!
I don't see why Austin ppl get upset & drive recklessly during rush hr. When there's not traffic, which is a rarity, you all go abt 30 mph.
awesome! Can't wait to get it.
Reminder-no classes tonight. "Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step." MLK Jr.
Thanks to for making our #rde12 a tight ship
As I wander through this world of darkness, I am comforted by your love lighting up my way.
Naw, he's just a superior specimen of man.
fa·tal·ism (ftl-zm) n. 1. The doctrine that all events are predetermined by fate and are therefore unalterable. fatal·istic adj.
try adding raw chopped almonds
I'm never leaving you again Twitter
follow me love you !!! <3
Is it? I suppose it CAN be. Did you know I was gay before I told you?
didn't realize I was an advocate of the Oxford comma until I read your twitbio and looked it up!
Don't do something permanently stupid because you're temporarily upset.
only 6 miles from my condo to my office...just trying not to get this one stolen (have bad luck with bikes)
Denying things that are obvious is disingenuous. Bo was obviously being pilloried before he talked to Mike & Mike.
what's up...how u been?
If the protesters on Wall Street want to change the world the should NacNak! We are creating jobs in every community.
we can trade life's lol
I don't like pineapple, but I love the hit USA show #psych!
One Direction is on Kiis FM! #OhDear 
Now sucked into a long phone call.
“: thanks sir!” anytime keep doing your thing man
Thank god for tissues.
Good. One can never get better than what they are if they stop growing and learning.
I wish I could be the lucky one.
Occasional loathing of gluten-free life silly in contrast to discomfort I feel due to 1 [delish!] brownie honoring the birth of
I understand. Sometimes they won't do that unless theres been a delivery attempt
#FF follow these guys and keep up with them! Big things coming up for them!
driving test!
Thanks for the follow!
Looks great!
We shall kill the festival!
Many skin problems can be solved without expensive treatments and medication.
is very frustrated with Linked In problems !!!
Interesting question of the potential for place helping students think critically. We have the same challenges in the K-12 ed sys.
#LMSunSIG accessibility: OCR=office of civil rights
:Like&agree w Alice&rbbt hole.What does"tall"for my generation mean?
Your L. Scott jersey is in the mail. Wear it proudly! I can't stand the guy! Horrible signing!
Thanks! It's one of those posts that I write and don't want to let go. Wanted to keep on tweaking, editing, but had 2 let go.
The picks are flying by Mel barley has enough time to talk about the previous pick.
Finals are yucky
And then the reporters beat him silly. MT : Jon Kyl tells reporters he expects to be working through the weekend
"Begin to be now what you will be hereafter." - William James
i hate long winded people
it shouldnt b that much though u can stay like 3 days
the world "dump" gets to me
Unfortunately today a House sbcmte defeated a bill that would have created a bipartisan redistricting commission-Virginians deserve better!
I'm currently buying up all the blue rock candy, smashing it, and pouring it into little bags for Halloween
Hello vodka. I've missed you.
Very nice socks!
Even though my phone hasn't had service, today I bought a yoga mat, vitamins, and a book. Still pretty good and productive :)
I KNOW. HE WAS HATING ON DILDOS THOUGH LOLOLOLOL OMG WHY CRYING
I'm going with alot
I LOVE JARED LETO!!!!
David Rapoport enjoyed attending the Economic Club of Chicago dinner last night. Met some new and interesting people, and appreciated the w…
Good to see the practicing their ABTs
Interested in dental practice administration? has opportunities in 19 states and counting! Learn more at the #big10expo!
Come on KU!
yup last time to go crazy until next year
Titanic 3D anyone? Oops did I say that out loud
This pizza/beer joint is playing delilah's radio show over the speakers. And someone just requested that stupid hey there Delilah song.
Getting things done is not just about task management
I hate when my parents try to talk to me when I have my earphones in. They're in for a reason.
Limitations are for when you are at arm's length with the author. Not when you have a contract of any kind (Publishers & Open Access)
sorry just saw this... www.sonicbids.com/marshalltitus :)
lol yes I do. Welcome to mcrados dawg can I take ya order We don't talk on fones nigga cause they might record us
RT had my music on in my room pretty loud, Rawwrr - BMTH came on, and that wonam like half way through screamed my hou...
Firm Solutions is seeking experienced legal professionals for direct-hire. Submit resumes to
You can't afford to book #rockstarteacher, but I have the contact info for some very good cover-teachers.
BITCHES TALK HELLA SHIT ON THE INTERNET!! NOW WHEN I SEE YOUR REAL WEAK ASS IN THE STREETS YOU TURN THE OTHA WAY!
hahah always ready for a celebration - for any reason ;)
Liking the food selection at Rock The Green.
Your very welcome!
That KFC commercial is racist!!
WHY are you in Rochester oh wonderous wienermobile?!
Agreed. Currently in 6 person combined Soc/Anth dept. (3+3). We all recognize the import of civility during disagreements
As a single parent my mama took us w/ her to the track for her workouts. I wanted to be like her so I'd run too.
Your questions answered with John Rose from Innovative Interface happening now in the Networking Lounge!
I'm the chairman Mao of my own twitterverse
Still have a few tickets left for our new years show at the whisky. Contact us here or at our fb page for info.
First Coffee at home in 21 days. Loved seeing friends & family & ...er... " " & #spacetweeps Home is good though.
I do NOT want to be here... Hmph
SWAG= Spurs Win Another Game! take 3-0 lead over Utah!
Someone text me on this long early bus ride to Paris Texas.
Im really kind of glad I didn't got to college. Really.
And baby two can play the game 😝😜
Like www.facebook.com/zakdowntown for new content!
Im having a good weekend do far
I think they want me dead.
THE GOOGLE SEDUCED ME!!
Me and are mw4m. Under 18 and Latino preferred. Serious replies only!!
Couch is feeling lovely
Yes I thought so too! The auditions were @ South Coast Rep, but it’s being put up @ the Playhouse - good for me - less drive!
lmfaooo F U C K youu too
Im thankful for the people in my past, Im doing great without them now.
Lolzz thank u :)) & urs is dope
Military war vet says she wants no part of nasty, cold snow liveshot.
Wana do sumdan special fa my mama fa her bday
Man...Bored...Bored...Bored....Iz all i can say
THERE ALL THE TIME!
Excellent question...RT : Are" Best Practices" and "Innovation" opposite??
I LOVE your song Dr.Bieber #swagg RT
diylibrarian: Found some of my #sla2009 notes. Unfortunately, not the ones I really wanted from the Open Access session.
:( RT : That's cool :D RT : This is what comes in the ticket package! Sick!!!
Everyone is beautiful in someones eyes (: #Retweet if YOU are beautiful<3 THAT MEANS EVERYONE
Ru Yi in Potowotami. "As one wishes."
so that all of your shadow will stay true to color. Mac paint pots are amazing!! Try "painterly"or"soft ochre" for everyday.:)
A short work week just means cramming 5 days of work into 4
Impressive weave of alanis morrissette into a tweet about player values. Has this ever been done before?
#NBA in the 9:00 minute on the clock holding pattern at
MDX and FDOT want to put tolls everywhere. It's Tolls Madness!
jasmine ellis was here :)
Email and I will be glad to arrange it :) I enjoy speaking to the American people
thank you and for your feedback on yesterdays event. we have great ambassadors sharing experiences
You gotta realize, alot of the times when i talk, and i'm talking extremely cocky, I'm not talking about myself, i'm talking about the work.
sometimes that just sounds sleazy actually
Also, your heart between my teeth sounds splendid! Jolly good Bio! :)
yea i will XD
it's awesome!!
uh who cares?
Am I watching ESPN Desportes?
so excited I had to become *convo intruder*
The Independent Designer Pop Shop is back through Nov 27th, just in time to get a jump on your holiday shopping!
We have your shirt ready for you today!
you mean Santa isn't real?!?!
$AAPL stock market is still alive for now. Market hiding stealth hits. And Greece, sell the news. Time to roll out more short lines.
as a former LongIslander thanks you for the follow.
Great to have my sister visiting from CT!
oh definitely. I just ate lunch, but now I want second lunch. I forsee sammiches for dinner!
If keeps changing his icon my ovaries will explode!!
People keep on saying mean things to me like: "sir, would you please put some pants on?" Mean and hurtful and there is no call for it
How hard is it to respond to a text?
Need to check metrics as often as you can says
have you ever seen.... The man from the snowy river??
Buyers of Facebook are stupid ... over priced ... over hyped ... no earnings model evident
RT : finally watched 's first Feversode. it was hilarious i was laughing the whole time. >THANK YOU lol!!!:)
Getting up to take the SAT's <<<<<<<
I never ever let the microwave countdown get to 1. That's just weird.
is already playing now (jfb-ed)
where much is given... much is required...
So mad
That's what 40 feels like.
Speaking at Harvard on Friday
I need to get tattooed!
Awesome dinner at with the hubby, , and ! Thanks guys! xoxoxo
I literally had just sat down to begin when I typed the tweet. I should be finished with it today.
yea ya know, typical morning...make coffee, save animals
I fixed it! Jeez!
We are getting closer to the websites grand opening!
Finally made it to a #Brewers game! ...think there are more #Cubs fans here.
Oh gosh I'm gonna miss you like crazy!!! I love you!
Can't decide what I'd hate more; freezing in a bar line the day before Thanksgiving, or freezing in a black Friday line the day after.
working keeps you out of trouble lol. I'm still in Eastie and working for the city. I know its been years
Bo is guilty of excessive restrictions. But he believes that was his only recourse to get some face-to-face answers.
This week is full of rehearsals, back to back meetings and a lot of driving.
why bring in the wood to the forest?
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." ~Norman Vincent Peale
Bono Doesn't Disagree Old 'Spider-Man' Was One of the 'Worst Musicals Ever'
Thank you, didn't think so. Wow! RT : NEVER HAVE 2 SEEDS GONE DOWN TO 15 SAME TOURNEY
Cooking underground cosmetics? I'd be all over that, even though I'm a humanities major.
Finally going to bed
I'll definitely visit Chowking and Jollibee when I'm there. Craving for some effing halo-halo. 😭😭😭
Love Michael Cain's latest "Solo" . "Prayer" is evocatively reverential, but what's up with the ending to "Last Waltz"?
He said "fuck the price on the tag, just throw it in the bag" Okay 😁😍
Google+ is getting better every day, functionality and design-wise...but do YOU think it'll be adopted more? Or is it too little, too late?
Listening to Marilyn Schoeman talking about GO Green Light Way!
Since its follow Friday, you should follow me. I have a question for ya also. When's your new CD coming out?
thank God my brother didnt go to work this morning
Harry Reid, gotta love 'em :-/
Hello world!
we'll be happy to see you!!!
Yep, it's a Monday.
Cross the line your face will get played like handball..
First Pilates class at the Presbyterian Church Hall was great!
Lookin fwd to the next few weeks :-)
Border Patrol finds meth hidden in car - Sacramento Bee
Currently organizing a #SIGIS breakfast Friday morning at 6:30 @ #NAISAC12 contact if you can make it. More to come.
Hey everyone! This is now the place where we will be tweeting transition news and updates. #newseattle ^ap
