Darwin. Explain douchebags. Natural selection must be selecting hard for these mofos. So goes the species...
Looking forward to it! RT : I will be there for brunch this weekend
Thanks everyone for an amazing National Volunteer Week! How did you recgonize your volunteers this week?
You should've ran a few Pretty Woman zingers past your cabbie to see if you could creep him out.
Thanks for the s/o!
I'm at the gym and realized that all of these mothers are too young to have kids in HS; trophy wives that get allowance?
Happy Birthday !!!<3 (:
i enjoy learning new things, but I do wish this web design thing would go a little faster so I could spend more time on other artsy stuff
in a matter of 10 minutes i got 32 notifications, guys im too cool ^-^ fucks with me
The last time I slept with a girl was about 2 months ago when I passed out drunk. The last time I fucked a girl... about 5min ago.
Are you aware of the uses of the piano pedals?
New pieces are up! Czech em out: www.midcenturymobler.com
Please ask away if you have any #Fitness or #Nutrition Questions!
Ah nope!
Sorry My computer was down yesterday, It looks great , thanks for the pic, I am so glad you like it
15 hours out & about.Fuck that noise. I hate being so busy.School,physical appointment,practice,drivers Ed,tanning, & finally home.
Hey Sharon, bookkeeping sucks. I have a newfound respect for what you do.
10 different stories from 10 diff't ppl who all believe their's the truth. What U believe & how U perceive something 2B dictates ur truth.
Kevin Hart be telling jokes within his tweets haha I can hear his voice in every tweet _LMAO (:
that sounds good!
Same here but you're much better off with just regular Hulu. Hulu + has less content for current TV shows over regular shows
- sad you ousted me as mayor of the Mayflower Hotel on , take good care of it.
RT : My Daddy is gonna be happy about Boondocks returning ><yeah I'm happy!! :-)
Amazing weekend with , , and last but not least
love you fluell!
what's the big deal that you're waiting for ?
#SomeoneIWantToMeet And one day it will happen!
It's FREE!! Parking is $7, though.
aw brought her grandma with sweet!!!!
Salsa dancing under the stars at the Mari Luna Rooftop party in Pikesville Sunday, July 24. www.salsanow.net for more info.
Yess intel dell thanks
I don't get why my boss doesn't get that I'm on vacation. Texting me and calling me on my personal phone is not cool. I don't care this week
I bet Crush the Turtle from Finding Nemo loves 4/20.
that needs explanation at least, preferably pics!
Oh, the book? Glad you liked it. Such an important story.
Diet is going good
aw yeah!!!
T-minus one day until iPhone 4 presale!
Mad that I can't find my Eclipse movie!
#20ThingsAboutMe a lot of people think I'm guy crazy, but there's maybe 2 people on this planet I would actually date...
You bring out the beast in me.
Thanks for setting me straight!
That's horrible!
Yes yess yes! Love your projection!
M egg whites + feta
Still can't tell the truth we see. Makes you a well of lies.
there will definitely be photos. Not sure on rotational view since it requires flash but I'll look into it :)
Mega Cavern with the family last night. Cool lights! Glad to see they didn't leave God out of it.
itwas overwhelming & fun-met some good peeps. Now onto my next proj. How r u doin? VMS ain't the same w/o u here!
Thanks for sharing! The Operations Coordinator position looks like a great opportunity.
Man is the head of the family, woman the neck that turns the head.~Chinese Proverb
hahaha...you're a fat girl trapped inside a skinny girl's body. 
You are welcome. Wish you were here to visit too. Miss you much! XoXoXo. :)
"You know what's awesome...OTHER CITIES!". -Lance McDaniel taking on Tulsa
Thank you for the RT, Russ! :D
i m on the phone ~
RT : Day 5 of Connecticut Sun training camp.. [Who knew? Passed thru Hartford yesterday afternoon in RV on way to Maine!]
Laundry....cleaning....kind of a lazy Saturday.....
his faith (yes that can boost a teams spirit too)... Labron has brought the Cavs from irrelevance to a perennial playoff ~
Everyone go follow !!! Seriously, the coolest bad kid on twitter! <3333333333
Q from CA: Are for-profits stealing students or are they expanding the student base?
Kickin' Venture Out last night at Visual Arts Center! Thanks to Monument Consulting for sponsoring. Next up, August 18 at VMFA.
Hurting. Ah lol
Ah did you get VIP?!
About to get ready to go have a nice dinner on the level I should....no more NOTS only hotness...
LLS I Need more Followers. :l
Aw ok thats cool...
LaMarcus Aldridge will have arthroscopic surgery to repair labral tear in right hip. Out for rest of season.
That awkward moment when your mom walks in on you and a guy "friend" making out and on top of eachother.
are you at SFO? Is it a disaster?
RT: "Were you at #UCLA in 1992 at the time of the L.A. riots? Tweet or DM us what you remember."
S/o to she's cool >>>> so go follow her. She
Now she startin to sound just like... -__________-
um no Ideaa. What do you think?
The Golden Rule. Treat others as you would like to be treated.
I Think Shes Onto Us... o.o
please tweet pray for shay my friend sheridan is fighting for her like and needs all the prayers she can get
I need an app to alert me when these brawls start
Listening to #EssentialMixes all day.
Nice! Neat to get a peek into what's happening in your city. Art scene, eh?
Big boy baseball in Columbia on
hey roemello finally got a twitter, questions is are you going to be on it lol
So you'd have the government stop issuing marriage licenses to anyone? I wonder if the anti-gay people would go for that.
I won't b there until late Saturday like 11pm
im so lost. Im out haha good night all
#nike #nfl anyone know when the jerseys are gonna be revealed??
thx Adam, will do
Sign me up!
#YouWereCuteUntil i smelled that dragon breath
So excited for the food an drinks tonight at the Elite event in Ybor.
#onlyyouevan would text me about cereal..haha;)
Personalize your follow-up. Networking tip from ,
c'mon people dont be mean we need more followers
welcome to
#RAVENSNATION ... just because
were you moving forward?
A1: M Not really a lone wolf
You awesome guys are way too good for my ego. xoxo
Happy New Year! “You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” ― Mae West
Thanks to all who came out to meet our Cabo Wabo Reps and sample tequila last nite. I've heard great feedback about how fun it was.
no prob man. Return the favor? And will do! God bless!!
of course you are, were you not paying attention during 4th grade health when learning the difference between boys and girls?
Kobe forgot to mention the Gasol trade with Memphis
Sometimes I just feel like going on a rage!
She's the one that got away :/
Happy New Year everybody!
Wishing cast and crew member, Amor Sanchez, a very Happy Birthday!
Some day some body is gonna make you wanna turn around and say goodbye!
#1: Cheap Amethyst and quartzite flower necklace, &#39;Lilac Bouquet ...
I stay on my zodiac tweets
I just finished a 2.01 mi run with a pace of 8'43"/mi and a time of 17:34 with Nike+ GPS.
i have over 500 tweets lol
World News America on PBS tonight -Obama on #gaymarriage -Special Report from inside #Syria -Interview w/ #NATO Sec Gen -No govt in
couldn't agree more Ohio State is the Real Deal!!
are u making a run to the store? How will u survive the day with no
The number of finals you have is directly related to the amount of times you're going to jerk off in a day.
Design is as much an act of spacing as an act of marking -Ellen Lupton. we agree.
"The high and lofty, they see me as weak - Cause I won't live and die for the power they seek." ::dc talk::jesus freak::
Turn down the jive turn up twang, let's put a little country in country today. If you call yourself an outlaw brother you ain't, you can...
Very true statement! RT : oh god... last time we were at the mart, you saw me naked! hahahaha
traffic people have a thing about jinxing it... so I won't tell you how ____ most of our roads are right now.
ACL is ruptured. Another year of skipping the Tour De France.
Songwriting is hypnotic. And so is Kid A.
lol aw shit I can't wait to c this
so nice to be connected!
Excited to see all the progress the April session is making! Moving closer and closer to your goals! You guys are the best
As long as its 80 degrees in March I will be wearing dresses, like everyday. You have been warned.
Scrapple is made locally by us as well! Delivered to your door. www.westcoastscrapple.com
I'll concede there is a "Hey, kids, get off my raised concrete garden!" sentiment to his piece.
It says a lot about the rest of the team when the sick player is playing better than his teammates.
I know. I more meant like, money and time dedicated towards AnimeNEXT.
You stay lying to me G.
A guy who wears a beret freaks me the fuck out.
#UnattractiveThingsAboutMe I have a bad temper....
I'll text u
thought you were Aussie, same thing then?
S/o to our new followers. Hope everyone can make it out to the next show March 28th at Club Church
HOT or NOT: Maxi dresses for spring.
ARIANA<3 u should give me a henna tattoo,haha <3i have 3 real tattoo's,but i want one from u !make me a walking masterpiece<3
come true but will they they say that if you say its yours and if you want it bad it will come to you i having a hard time believing because
LOVE! RT : Just got word that Issue 8: Adventure is being printed today! Woohoo! Can't wait to share it with everyone!
hell yeah ! If you're ever in #MKE hit me up and we will rage style. w00t w00t
Can you please be nice and tell your sister to follow me? Thank you! Ur my fav and i love y'all forever
28k at first break unhappy with my AK fold and unhappy with no hands/ pairs / bets not working. Onto the next level.
WHATSUP FAM! I SEE YOU DOING YA THANG. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK BROTHER... LOVEX10
I think it might be in an ascot.
yes! Flat
Is your online experience tailored too closely to your “liking”? Leaders take note as consumers crave more human experiences online:...
and you were wonderful! Thank you so much for giving your time tonight and for inspiring us!
what about the dude from saved by the bell the new class?
gotcha. i've been meaning to find something out for ya but been busy with some stuff
First day of band camp!Don't be late!;)
Because I'm a lady, that's why!
Oh and I'm stupid.
Hitting up tonight for birthday tonight!
Our Breaking News e-mail says CBS Radio is launching all-News on 99.1 FM in Washington, pushing "El Zol" to new purchase WFSI at 107.9.
#jealous that I can't dance like this now.... bit.ly/l6i6OE
Dorothy Parker asked Hemingway: "Exactly what do you mean by 'guts'?" Hemingway replied: "I mean, grace under pressure."
Agree! RT : That looks amazing! So happy that participated in The Princess Project!
Off to #Philly with ! See u soon
Not the answer I wanted. Not even close.
Man it's hot out!
Hey Jeffree(: How's it goin?
Chic-I-Boom Ball 2010! Get your tickets today for $75 if you mention our YouTube video! Brazilian beats, eats and dancers!
fuck yea! By the way, like the new clothing style. Fits you much better than what you had before!
The saga continues
right by nova what about youu dm me your #
not that I am aware of. Miss you and love you honey! ;)
I like to laugh at those people, too.
That happened to me about a year or so ago. My account got hacked. They alerted me and shut it down before anything happened.
This programs gotta #chill, I may not be able to go out tonight and I'm starting to feel like aka
LMAO. Hanaro I know. I'll leave right after I see ur there. DH is dropping me off.
For all my niggaz locked down or in the system,Stay Strong!! They can't keep real niggaz down!! Focus on a better tomorrow!
All I want is to be locked up in a mall for a week. That's it.
thanks for the shout out! Haha i like
Aaron Rodgers fumbling, Packers offense struggling, and the defense is bailing out the offense.
Last day in Copenhagen! So much to do, if only I understood any of the signs saying what I could do
The sun wore me out
Sexiled by my own parents...! Smh. Okay time to leave now.
2011 Desire with #swingercast meet-n-greet chat going on now! Join in the next 15 minutes or you won't get in this evening!
Ohh shiznit, 's birthday is in 4 days! :D I gotta work on something!
Police Chief Flynn statement: "bonds of trust" between officers and the community "will be frayed" if residency requirement is lifted.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
RT Find a connection between you and your characters. Let empathy form a bridge to even the meanest antagonistic motherf******s
Finally got a workout in! Short but its a start!
And that, my friends, is why I wasn't mad when Frank Haith left
happy birthday!!!
I will let u know asap what u can do to support this new legislation!! The more music (noise) we make, the better the chances! Stay tuned.
The rate of foreign investment has soared around tenfold in the past decate. #Africa via The Economist
if they are gonna use P2P to judge a shows ratings and all. HuluPlus, downloads, that stuff better be in too!
RT : The first five days after the weekend are always the toughest.
in the studio now: working on getting that "ideal" drumsound (*always a mission) and looking forward to tracking new music in next few weeks
Happy to have met you - it was a good night. Congratulations!
ewww, that sucks. =[...I guess your warranty is up too?
Im low key hungry
brings the craziest Cinco de Mayo in Chicago! with Mixin Marc and Ron Carroll with Perfect Tan Bikini Contest
I'm taking the day off, but send me a DM, I can give you some inside info. ;)
IT WAS SO NICE SEEING #BEYONCE AT THE PIER TODAY.. THANKS FOR SAYING HELLO THAT MADE MY DAY :-)
I hope all of u enjoy my Performance www.youtube.com/user/LewisFlores
it's okay, I hope your writing went well anyway. You and , good luck on your last day tomorrow!
you have to go there now champ. Don't leave us hanging.
Headed to the Allbritton/Politico brunch to close out #WHCA weekend.
FF4 Father's flight home from Vegas was delayed this morning. They were told the airport was closing because President Obama was arriving.
"I'm not looking for the best players. I'm looking for the right players."
dude. say it ain't so... hahahahaha... he's a friggin trainwreck
Welcome to the NFL, Mark Ingram.
Attending 's Day of Discovery & experiencing what it's like to be in the center of a tornado via Reed Timmer's video.
Is it.....BEAUTIFUL GIRLS?
A night at the hottest nightclub in the country can it get any better... Only @ surrendervegas
RT : When your body is having a really intense cleansing time, food becomes unappealing.
"Victory is in the discipline!"
it also reminds me of this illustrator named Istvan Banyai
is he harder then im felling his beats r the hardest right now im sorry no jeffin either
Thank you Belle :) Here's my best wish that you will have a wonderful Friday! Mwah!
When challenges come , my God raises the standard..
thank you baby for being the best thing that happen to me on here dont know where my life would be:)
hellotxt and udfn; loved twitter, but not facebook. No updates! Does the 51406 # work abroad?
Players are given the chance to create their own character and embark on a unique adventure
#ff some of my longtime biz favorites
Very Good Thankyou :)x
Ciroc..grapes..love!!! I love my fam!!
<3 MT TODAY! Free Film screening @ 4pm: Surrealist cinema classics "Un Chien Andalou" & "L'age d'Or" directed by Luis Bunuel
You wrote a very vapid piece re "connector in chief"- your readers deserve better. all sizzle no steak, better fit for We mag.
Even after taking the free course, I really noticed a difference in my auditions! Thank you, Jamison!
You need the connection to your inner child to be complete within yourself & to help you with your own healing.
VA weather is a trip. It's been sunny and storming all morning and afternoon.
Those are awesome Big Lebowski costumes! I would never have thought you could look that much like John Goodman!
Thanks for the update – I had just switched away for what I thought was the last time after the Rangers' goal.
sometime its really awesome to be me...o the fun...
Someone turned off the lights. I guess that means i should go home.
NP. I saw Luke F (aka ) yesterday!
New record low mortgage rates, but should you re-fi. Why it not be in your best interest. More @ 6:30pm on KGW.
Busy planning the film festival at the eGarage studio! Check out their website for their newest episodes!
I've never run a lemonade stand either, but I bought several, consolidated them into one, and outsourced the lemon production.
Makin homemade banana French toast :) hm
Yeaaahhhh buddy kicked ass tonight in bolwing tonight won all 3 games
yes I can read....
there's always room for improvement
absolutely!!! following you already ;-)
got it!
why not work for yourself?
“ If you have to wake me up to ask to borrow something, the answer is alwas gonna be NO !!” True Shit!
Safe travels to Let me know if you pick up any chairs on the way. LMAO.
Counting down till this performance..
What Up My Mahomies
Don't forget our contest - gift certificate giveaways when we hit 200 followers. We're so close! Retweet to win!
Good Morning❕❕☕
# has some really saprkly pretty eyes:)
wat did he tell u?
for serious paypay !
Ya see-I'm capable of being cooleo.
Hillsborough Ex-offender Reentry Network (HERN) meeting 3rd Tuesday of every month. Innovation Room 9215 N. Florida Avenue Suite 101 Tampa
ohkay just making sure, and anytime!
She is so gorgeous!
All Good Just Working & Getting Ready 2 Ally as Planned
true but he is easily one of the best defensive OF and that's what he would be used for in that lineup lol it's only a dream
Baylors uniforms are so dope
u always make me laugh <3
well being we have no lives outside of work -.-
We can definitely make that happen!
The house is pack family & friends getting ready for the vs
Nice W for the Celtics to keep that winning streak going! 9th consecutive win and counting! Go C's!
RT: Just a few more days till #summerinternship (via )
Oakridge Boys in 1989...wow I think I've lost a little respect for myself, I'm going to blame it on the fact that I was 8. :)
seriously please just be my boyfriend already.
Just shut up & play along.
Rhys Adams is so adorable
Watching Talladega Nights with my best friend!
[Cavs] Semih Erden out for remainder of game tonight agains the Pacers. Right ankle sprain. Negative on X rays.
#follow tean #follow back i promise
Nothing is more fun than #flipcupfriday at ! First flip at 8. Beer special all night.
Tom Kalinske has the most ridiculous resume. Totally inspiring. What am I doing with my life?
that was ss sweet!!!!!
Am overwhelmed by dupes in exhib hist colls. Same pamphlets in so many places, no colls complete. How to streamline?
Also, "ancient aliens" is one of the lamest, dumbest sci-fi (fuck it; it's pure fantasy) premises.
When there's no new music, i disappear off of the face of the Earth.
today is #friday for me!!!!
shoutout to mada and what size shoe are you?
Happy Labor Day!
Why is a lime drop so much better than a lemon drop?
As a coach I absolutely LOVE it when guys are asking me if I can put them through extra workouts each week and wanting to put in the work!
Ladies, today I ate ice cream cake for breakfast and had a beer for lunch.
Going to watch two crazy kids get married. Me? Sorry, ladies, I'm already hitched - to this damn head cold.
Every director bites the hand that lays the golden egg. - Samuel Goldwyn
time yall leaving?
i'm camo down to my boxers
On some things I'm a homer, I'll be shocked if I'm wrong on this tho. Osweiler doesn't excite me RT On wisconsin
ohh yeah! Opening day today, OCmd is my tomorrow project!
And Finals week begins....
She dancin like she fuckin the way lil mama dancing you will swear lil mama fuckin
CrossFit all up in dis place
Its been a long day..and I cant wait to get away
colon surgery this week.. Just recovering now
I need to redo my room already, the color of my room annoys me I feel like I am in an insane asylum.
Philly Sports: Former Eagle Freddie Mitchell sues co-defendants
one day...one day...
is the email address my brother
listening to some Cartel on the new ipod. so pyched for the bears/pats!
Join Sunday for 's tribute to Ella feat. Monthly Master jazz artist Jessica Boykin-Settles:...
Windows down, hair blowing in wind... Katy Perry blasting on XM perfect Sunday afternoon!!!
P.S. just because i can dance does not mean i can't punch ya teeth down ya throat (PLEASE) do not try me.I am that Guy.the real deal.500Boyz
u r awesome Heidi!
Getting ready to come tan
JA (my parents didn't love me enough to give me a middle name) is gonna get things started for us... MARK. MY. WORDS!!!
i changed my username BRAH(;
I am too lucky to have in my life!
During the Believe tour, Justin should bring Pattie up to the stage to sing Turn To You to her. That would be the cutest thing in the world.
(cont) is like a-rod and texieira. Left for a paycheck, BUT then talked trash about his former team (said we rangers wasted his time) cont..
glad you like it! :)
We appreciate the shout out. Check this company out everyone.
Thanks for choosing WMA International again. We hope you had a great year training with us.
Thanks for the RT!!
Wishin I could be in Fayetteville supporting the hogs and today, but I'll be callin em loud and proud in Nashville
green cocktails are often the best ones!!
YES!!! I thought it was my tv. RT Fix the mics.
Yeah, that was pretty much what everyone said immediately after the "put this in your beer" comment.
When is your panel? And what is the topic?
fit for duty sir
can you email me info #taters? Thx - luv ur face
The credit cards are not working at my work tonight. Have to put cards in the old fashion way. Customers are being so mean
It's official, I'm moving to France! :)
Yay! Thank you, Beckinfield! You are awesome!
there is always tomorrow.
Watching ip man 2
ikr ppl been saying this
They eventually may become interested in you
What the hell was I thinking when I started a Cleanse on Memorial Day week-end, so many BBQ invites and I can't eat,ugh!!
RT I CANT STOP LAUGHING LOL...LITERALLY : RT : "SHUT THE FUCK UP." "Damn, someone needs a happy meal..."
Decide to be a contender, not a pretender.
I don't care what the switches say, you can't put Quis in that situation. That said, Horford. SMH.
Best day of my life. ❤
Free stuff's a-comin. Want some? Duh. :)
I'm pretty fly for a white guy.
eat weed everyday....
:) there should be an announcement sometime in the next few days!
Yo head gone fall off then. Its a bunch of foolery going on that FB lately
Wow fired Coach Paterno over the phone?! Way to keep it classy #PSU Board
Education without values, as useful as it is, seems rather to make man a more clever devil. "Just think about that before you vote."
congrats! That's awesome. PS- are you going to the meeting on thursday?
I'm so tired
"Today you will be with me in Paradise." (Luke 23:43) Jesus steals this thief -- and us -- out of Satan’s hand.
In any event, I'm glad to see you are keeping up with both pages. Follow my other page Not all tweets are the same.
Cold toilet seat is cold.
I'm in Seattle, which makes Thursday that much cooler.
I need yer truust , that were gonna pull through .
Hey Treasa.(: I love you girl. Stay strong. Keep that beautiful smile on your face. I know it's hard. Keep goin ♥
well you never know... Maybe he's done it already.
what a game so hype and proud of the !!! suck on the nuts two times heat fans. were winning these next two games at home!
touring the new student activities center
Dearly beloved if this love only exists in my dreams, don't wake me up
RT : On , emphasizes it's not about gay rights, it's about equal rights. Exactly.
where at?
hey sorry for the late reply I have tweetlimit right now =(
Appreciate #S thanks you
Your dreams will come true... if you can see it... if you believe in it... then you can achieve it.
Worth repeating: "Nonprofits exist because of a market failure, cannot think of them in 'business terms'"
hey there, we have a huge backlog of people after SCAA show. Will be in touch soon.
seriously...the illuminati...DONT GIVE IN PUNK
ha ha ha, surprised to get, but happy because I haven't heard it in a awhile. #nowplaying Rob base & DJ E-Z Rock / It Takes Two
Out with friends, drinking fine whiskey, smoking a cigar & watching the Mets beat up on the Yankees. Good times.
I'm wondering if the sweat beads now appearing daily on my forehead is GRAMMY nomination nervousness, or an onset of male menopause...
/ I am glad that Miami wanted Ozzie!
On August 14, 1814 the British Navy set sail from Bermuda with their sights on #Baltimore and Washington DC.
Is the man!!! Whats up champ
ok phone out of power watch for 224 number
pathetic just like much of the #Survivor #OneWorld cast. Even if I had time to update my blog lately, I'm not sure I would lol
This Strauss-Kahn incident is going to make an awesome episode of Law and Order SVU one day
Oh, awesome! If you guys perfect it, you could take it on the road!!
The dearth of chatter re: poor panel quality/biased recruiting has me wishing we could microchip consumer brains to collect
how u feeling??
HI AUSTIN :) my fave memory ? ALL OF YOUR AUSTREAMS ! <3 :) FOLLOW ME PLEASE :) <3
Anytime my friend
Creating jewelry and working on 6 drawing projects. 4 digital, 2 traditional. As well as editing 2 websites and learning CSS. God help me!
Which one is that? It's been a long time.
Once again , kicked to the curb . This is so freaking stupid .
Learn about summer internship opportunities at the International Rescue Committee at Tuesday's info session, 4:30-5:30 pm in MGC 200
I am, thanks! And you? Solid example you provided there.
Mix that with AG Schuette waging an amateur "war on drugs" instead of litigating foreclosure fraud cases on behalf of MI citizens
Good luck! (with paleo) You may have heard you could feel like crap for a few days, but then after, never better.
50 to 100 million college grads are jobless.. Smh
With no pro/rel in US football, unless you are in MLS, winning matters only so much WRT roster formation.
See you in June. Oh wait, y'all won't be there :) RT : Damn.. Spurs fans are so dumb!
ikr time change is a pain in the neck
Ken is in the DollHouse.! Hit me up, suckuhhs.! AIM: iKenDoll 8-)
You can't go broke👋 taking a profit💰💰
To prepare for tomorrows show I've been eating pineapple and trimming my pubes into a Nike "Just DO it" swoosh
Three best MLB players to follow are and
I just picked my son up @ school. According to the 7 yr olds, "I'm huge". I told them I wasn't 6ft tall when I was 7 ;) They look surprised.
Let's get together and quote all the lines! That would be Practically Perfect in every way!
Im not runnin from anything, Im just out here chasin my dream.
that's if enough was taken despite the quick judgement from the sheriff
3 earthquakes in the last hour...bali puerto rico and off the coast of oregon..whats going on out there..
Love your art gallery!
Tires | Goodyear Tires
#aam2012 think on this ..."The visitor experience extends beyond the museum's spatial & temporal boundaries." John Falk
And to clarify, I don't believe in keeping it "secret"...but I'm just thinking about this idea
Awesome! In the meantime I will eat extra for you.
Just woke up wwwooooww still high high AN time to get high FOLLOW if u feel me
And it begins...
Our trainers all have at least college experience to ensure athletes are put through up to date training methods.
When you find that person, let them know we'll match that price at our house as well when they are done at yours!
Very emotional dnt want to b bothered
Scotland Yard: Genny Bock Now on Tap! Amanda Ashley tonight at 9pm. Open at 4pm Sunday with Ray. Lotta weekend ahead my friends.
are we ever gonna get thru tonight......
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW SHE IS A BIG MAHOMIE SO GO FOLLOW HER TONIGHT!!!!
If you send more than 20 emails in a day, an app should automatically buy and deliver a quart of ice cream to your house. Who's making that?
#TheMoneyTeam until the day I D-I-E
If the bartender has to stop and think before making your drink you'd better be a girl.
no advice, but I love when panelists tweet and/or pay attention to the backchannel.
#GeorgeZimmerman's attorney said family was not being deceptive about the money.
Looking content to be included in our current #SOT outreach for #PTSD effects on families and children brought the issue of caregivers home
O cloverfeild you old nasty
Thanks guys. :)
met with Robert Kraft tonight, Head of Film Music at Fox, changed my perspective on a lot of things, such an amazing night
Still, it's time to enter the 21st century RT : Love tweeting old school from my flip phone.
Thank you, thank you!
Thanks man! Ill prob be in tomorrow to pick it up.
ah so pumped!!!
We are working hard to open our doors very soon!! We will keep you inform!!
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 46
y do u have to pay for it
yeah and your tweet just made me hungry ... :)
goal makes me smile.
cough syrup on glee <3
I just bought it for next school year! RT : The Profile of Phonological Awareness (Pro-PA) app is STILL 50% off -
RT : Jump of course!
Havin my friends come to my job Rollin oh how I can feel summer comin ;D
Hit me up with some rec apps for my iPhone.
literally laughed out loud at this, God bless your heart enduring such torment haha
RT : RT : Q4: How does it feel to be trusted?
hey!, where in Chicago are you
...Good character, by contrast, is not given to us. We have to build it, piece by piece...
Q1 it depends on your mission, but it's difficult to argue out what is enterainment vs. enrichment
She's a good friend :)
o I never been out there u gon come get me an gimme a tour?
you could be listening to us, that might be better
I like the classics then, Sandberg or Banks for you guys, Molitor or Yount for us...
Congratulations :) thats awesome!!
do I really have to explain that? Haha it's pretty self explanatory.
Need another evangelist? Holy smokes call me.
we have the window open cause it was probably 45 and sunny outside. Now it's probably mid 30s and feels nice
you may be in the lead in my informal contest with that suggestion
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Covington County until 09:30 AM
After Charli XCX's gutsy pop set, Skrillex's "Rock n Roll" comes on house PA at 's #sxsw show. At a church.
well i do it anyways
Hint about my story: Did you know that a fire quadruples in size, every single minute... i.e., gets 4 times bigger every 60 seconds.
Checking in for the Wines of Chile #winechat ...wines poured and ready to go!
Fingers: sprained thumb
Thanks Glad to see you enjoying our Lincoln Center performance. Looking forward to showing you more #Hammerstep in 2012!
Great to see you and the other LMAers today Laura!
RT Jaime & Toni are needing your Grammy votes for an upcoming Coffee & Donuts Show! Info here: on.fb.me/x3W36q :)
WELL CUZ LOOK AT THIS I DIDN'T EVEN DO ANYTHING N UR SAYING U WANT TO BREAK UP WTF~crys~
DL Lowry is looking for a full time front desk receptionist. Please apply in person at either location.
How do people decide their just not going to go to college and just think their going to get a job right after Hs? #howstupidcanyoube?
Guess What!?;D
I agreed with you on the ACC being on that list. He can't play next year anyway. I'd guess that gets removed in the appeal.
Never been attracted to girls that play sports . Cant date chu if youre swoler than me lol
5 hour pool party with 23 screaming kids & their parents. I knew NO ONE. The things I do for my children.
Coming up on GMM at 5am...what happened when a pilot woke up feeling "dazed and confused"!
Seeing all of this Trayvon Martin coverage is making me crave #Skittles. Still a sucky story, despite the delicious candy choice.
Congrats!!! Distance running has its share of character-building and emotion-stretching built in! 13.1 miles! (Nap earned)
"premium car" would be our Mini Coopers & Fiats. Our "capacity" rides fall into same rate (vans & trucks).
would be nice to be able to view a diff of stashes before you apply / delete them
Yes! So excited! RT : Happy Game Day, #StormCrazies!
u can spoil me anyday!!
Looking forward to celebrating my incredible Mom today. No boring brunch for the McCanns, Jules prefers to spend her day at the Sox game!
if you love the current Read Print Kindall, get prepared to be blown away by the end of this week.
Yep, you do :/ It's designed for young people feeling a call to ministry. Contact AU Admissions for registration & more info!
The ASA's unwieldy electronic balloting system gives me a headache every year...but I still do my duty and vote. ^^;;
You have alot of things to learn and achieved your dreams before you become a young mother
Shitty situations inspire brilliant solutions
In a world where there is so much to be done. I felt strongly impressed that there must be something for me to do.
we all love both of u
on the 2nd floor the Russian dude will have a battery for your watch.
Thank you, Cyndy! You're the best! Have a great weekend. :)
Exhausted now after worship 2nd service. God poured out haven't seen our church worship like they did today in a long time.
Hi. What are your thoughts on 45,000 WC being the minimum for YA novels? Is that a set thing or flexible? Thanks!
They always have the best music in
bring me uh blacc..;)
I second that
Having to Sit n Wait n Wait n Wait at a lame airport is so irritating and boring!!!
First softball game tomorrow!
Income tax returns are the most imaginative fiction being written today. ~Herman Wouk
#CLEfood what's this guest blogger shit???? What's goin on? Still drunk from OAR?
Back in town, rested, rejuvinated and ready to coach... watch out!
I feel like drinking today
- please call box office for details on this - (415) 885-0750. Thank you!
Thanks Dana! Hope you're well! :)
RT: Anony_Ops: You all have been trained to think like slaves. Be free, be anonymous, become ONE, SHARE knowledge, knowledge is FREE!
Super Retro! Super Sexy!
Today i ate taco bell then chinese food now im eating a burger lol
I did miss an email. no one told me class was canceled
I know you are humble and i can appreciate that but man that right there is #Ballin! #Outtacontrol! #Lovesit!
Do you overshop to project an image of wealth and power?
You heard it here first....Rep Linda Runbeck is a fucking idiot.
This quarter would be terrible by 1950 standards... smh
I haven't done that. www.deviantart.com is a art web page, have a profile on there
#bones season finale tonight you ready :)
dude u forgot ur glasses
i want a new pair of chucks .
Wanted to get back into the twitter world. So hello people of twitter!
"no, Mommy, his name is *Frank* Jawa."
Rolling papers on my rolling papers cd lol happy 4/20
Thanks! Whereabouts is your new brewery located? We'll have to drop by for some tasting one of these days.
Life is good when you see the good in life
84 pets have been adopted in our 24/7 Adoption Event! Be sure to come for our Vaccine Clinic tomorrow from 8-3!
updating about this fucked-up ass casey anthony trial... i`ll rt the verdict when i get the news...
fantasy trade; Ahmad Bradshaw for colston and Cedric benson. I have Bradshaw. Ballsy because of health & jail time. Thoughts?
We will have another clue for you tomorrow! In the meantime, head outside and enjoy a McCafé Frozen Strawberry Lemonade!
My concert is at rage
definitely following you on viddy!!! I <3 u 2!!! :-)
You're just as ulgy sober as you are drunk.
When girls think its cute to take pictures of eachother on the toilet<<< not cute beezys
Olive garden the day after season ends. Time for nonstop breadsticks 🍝🍞
Thanks for following us. Have a great one
what time is it there? Lol
Just woke up finna start getting ready for work.
So my sister was saying how One Direction is cute and love them , so i scream "DIRECTIONATOR" ! she replys "NO IM A DIRECTIONIZER" lol k.
Only two days of work this week! Monday can't be that horrible if it's actually a Thursday, right?!
Thanks Marilou! Peace
Wow. Thx! RT Just read biz book. As a rec player I'm not using it all bible like, but wow... still a game changer
yes way ill take a perfectly rolled J over a swish any day
not yet! I'm just thanking the folks who are tying to get us there. We are still just under 2,000 shy! Keep spreading the word
Venus is gorgeous low and bright in the sky here in the boonies!!
Is he standing in the corner like he always did in gyms?
It is wrong. If they place those demands, then don't play. Others will and I'm sure those players would be more charismatic.
There's only so much that you can give, without getting anything in return...
I love how the inside skating rink is warmer than the outside temperature.
Bahaha well they can kiss our ass and like it cause that's they made us do for the last year and a half!
start freezers slut...
Those are my fave games in the whole wide world
Ah, Watching showcase my beloved Madrid. Contenta.
Trust No one.
yes I do! Chi - Mix...gotya be prepared!!
Bohemian Jazz is back on Friday, February 24, 7pm,321 E73 Street, NY, Karel Ruzicka-Sax, Jared Gold-Organ, Russell Carter-Drums
Wow!! What a month - I wish you all the best for your businesses! If you need any help saving money - give me a shout for a consultation
Happy Birthday. Nice job on G+.
Depends on if you want to support a team that's been to a Final Four or not. Just kidding (sort of).
I gotta new number fam
What's up?
are working on new songs...
I'm watching like the scariest movie!
ughh my internet is being shit right :/
a nigga put his cape on
When people are late is my biggest pet peeve
I know it's Sunday, but you should still follow His 140-character stories are better than most long stories I've read.
What's better? #MountainTears? or a paid trip to the #CBI with 1,449 fans in attendance??
good! I've been singing that song everyday!
Finally got a new iPhone, woo !...I feel cool
give me a call and we'll schedule the meeting :~)
no problem :)
~Thanks so much for the re-tweet. Very helpful & very much appreciated! Enjoy your day!
wat happen to him .. sounds like benard Hopkins fishy. Get em faber
Thank you :) RT glad you found a nice home for your cats! :)
thanks for the follow Garrick.
Portland - PF CHANGE'S
Weekend Punch: American Orange {Jamaican Rum, Brandy, Porter, Fresh Orange, Sugar, Water} Source: Jerry Thomas' How to Mix Drinks 1862
We're keeping our East Coast friends in our thoughts as makes herself known...
-kill me if anythng happens. and considering thats not permanent..id really rather not. c'mon lets go
Most people are trying to buy one. I'm trying to return one. I accidentally bought an extra #iPad today...F*ck.
I am so proud of !!! #loveyou #knewyoucoulddoit :)
WHOA WAIT A MINUTE THE BLACKHAWKS FIRED MIKE HAVILAND? NO.
am I invisible to you now? cool, i've always wanted a superpower.
Court: Managers don&#39;t have to ensure lunch breaks
Yea, they give their child their name to make it seem classier. Slutty Marie McSlut-Whore II. It's like Queen Elizabeth II.
Let me rephrase that. Who is going to see Prince, BESIDES ME, in LA next week?
Thanks for a great season - good luck in your pro careers
I don't mean to dismiss your arguement, but you're stupid and your opinion is dumb, so please, continue.
Even at 34, Lee Young Pyo looks like he still trains at the Guus Hiddink fitness academy. Just skinned a winger 10 years his junior.
So drained from figuring out that WP changeover. All is well again though, few lil maintenance things to be done, but site is on new server!
Some chicks carrying a pimeapple down the hallway..
My friends left because the bartender was wearing those tiny white shorts and they thought it was a gay bar.
Hey gang. Back to normal shop hours today. Open until 7pm. 1726 E. North Ave. Side door.
The Sacrifice (1986) on film. In fact, the film broke right at the start of the burning house
Me neither. I usually play either Texas Hold 'Em, video poker, or Wheel of Fortune quarter slots. Downtown casinos are best!
Goodnight Justin. I'll dream of your movie and how amazing it was.#neversaynever:))
Oakland #Raiders sign backup QB Matt Leinart
Ur the only reason I get this lol:its #oppositeday & ive traded n all my videogames 4 Magic The Gathering cards!
Unbelievable, apparently when you try to do anything around prospecting, a major tool breaks down...for my project...the developer!!! =(
Tired. Like I've barely slept.
Accept what you can't change. Change what you can't accept.
Cause ignorance is bliss...
Outside in the sun on my lunch break. The sun is warm, the wind is chilly. It feels like fall in Seattle.
Surprised that I'm working so hard without realizing it
#Liverpool WANTS WANTS WANTS for KIDSCAPE!!!!!!
ALTO should be a runner, very bullish volume at the bottom. Full STO is about to give a buy signal.
A Loaf Supreme
RT : Commercial trivia: Playtex premiered the 1st commercial showing women in their bras & panties on national tv in 1987.
"There may be people that have more talent than you, but there's no excuse for anyone to work harder than you do" -Derek Jeter -CS
breaking out a hot little Italian number tonight to party with the most fashionable nerds in town!
: ) RT : I almost wish I didn't know about 's GF pita bread. It's so hard to walk out of there without it!
Starting by monday 3rd oct 2011 i ll b working in a new gym with clients. so Vegas ppl intrested in personal training sessions contact me !
I'm comin over tonight ... Ima show you
That's crazy
I thought the judge served you that restraining order, sheesh.
Playgrounds at 1am are really fun.
find either or to get they're trading cards :)
Freezing morning
Bt I Want A Daughter In Da Future
Grandma Berg would scold me. Grandma Nagy would join me, and sing songs while doing it.
I know right. He has that common gift of genius: making the incredibly difficult look easy.
beat them at thier own game the fun is in the knowing
Not sure exactly what you're looking for but I just buy bags with shoulder straps. Rebecca Minkoff MAB, F+C City work just fine.
Follow our guitarist Jameson
Anymore photos for the #OneDirectionVideo ? Send Them in asap! (: x
Hey if you don't like her tweeting all the time, unfollow her. Name calling is ungentlemanly.
Watching the #NHL all-star game, followed by the #NFL pro bowl with
Pretty good. Going back to work tomorrow after being off for 3 weeks to recover from surgery, so it should be interesting...
“: Yall Got That Shyt ?! RT : Watching "Think like a man"”right I wanna see dat
Q3. Graphic Tends to support the content
Baseball, Basketball, Football and even Hockey, I sure am glad that I am a Minnesota Music fan and not sports fan
What do you think public diplomacy partnerships will look like in the future?
My micro-talk at the WI Ag Womens Summit was fun! Looking forward to learning more about next year's event! Glad could sponsor!
what is a twit ref?
Spending time with my big sister and my babies :)
In case you're wondering WHAT that duck sound was coming from the studio.. it's my chair! Daffy was not in-studio this morning.
Learn to schedule emails and build your nurturing campaign and how to view the status of your tracked links in
Ron Paul: honest, cute, ugly, smart, dumb, wrong, right, polite, quick, slow, conservative, liberal, libertarian, consistent, hero, villain
Some walk by night, Some fly by day.
Per Slam Magazine's website, John Wall has committed to the University of Kentucky! Great job, Coach Cal!!!
Corel(R) WordPerfect(R) Office X6 Expands Suite to Deliver New Time-Saving Enhancements and Productivity Gains
I love my AUX ON/OFF patch. Which direction did you have it flipped today?
“: Jamie Cullum Pandora station is on point.” // Today was a day for me, too.
i know! i want all those snakeskin boots and 60s style dresses! i think i heard they're working on e-commerce again
Broncos bout to grab weapons for peyton
thanks for the support dear:)
follow back ? :D
Good people finish first!
So true! Happy eating guys!
Find a guy who calls you beautiful instead of hot, who texts you day or night, rain or shine
GOP Presidential Candidates: We Have Met the Enemy and It is the Media.
We wish all our friends, followers and travelers all the best in 2012!!
whats the first part mean??
“: #Scorpio loves sex.” Could use some now but that's everyday
went to bed with a cold and woke up partially deaf... ?
is our First Lady . Follow her :)
Been deep n CAbiland! The fall collection is a must see, gotta have! The ladies can't get enough and I'm having a blast!
Point, Mr. King.
damn you hackers!!!!!!!
Everyone is feeling that the Year has already gone by so fast!! Remember it is only Januray 5th and take time to reflect upon what you have!
They just played Morgan page at the gym, then tiesto. Is my twin controlling the radio?
If you don't love me anymore.....just say so.
huge thanks to all the interesting, participatory selves who showed up for my #change11 live session on Digital Identities: PHEW. firsts.
sorry for the delayed response. Charro was awesome and the margarita pitchers were clutch.
Jetblue claims ROC to JFK flight delayed because they hit a bird on the way in. Waited over an hour to tell us we might be canceled. Nice.
Off to discuss sexual turn ons with my adorable professor and my bball lover. #jealous?
I love waking up with a txt saying "morning beautiful" puts me in a happy mood instantly <3
What's the difference between this EASIEST money and last weekends?
tnks for replying back. I wil definitely check out kidstube.com
Hi , Still hope you're working on that extension for Wright. Would make most of us #Mets fans happy.
": I work near there bro let me know what nights ill bring a bunch of people" we there tonight homie! Come thru
yea like that
AHS/Emancipet need $. Buy bed or crate get 20%off, we donate 20%. Or pass on discount, we donate 40%. Thru Sun.
Call us now for a free Phone and IT audit in the DC Metro area 202-380-9303. www.computerworks360.com
Little Rock..
lol you mean Joel it was him all along lmbo
He who walks in integrity walks securely. -Proverbs 10:9
I like the sports team idea. The San Diego Lo-Go's has a nice ring to it. I'm totally pro Lo-Go ;)
When u #happy I'm happy. When u sad I'm #sad. #Scorpio #Music #Classic #follow4follow #HandsDown #Boyfriend #Follow #DreamChasers2 #
Find BeerTAGs in Chicago at our favorite neighborhood Irish pub: The Poitin Stil! 1502 W Jarvis (Rogers Park)
Although it's about a quarter mile away, Tasty Burger is wafting in through my open windows. SUMMER? HI?
So my little man went to his first day of Pre-school today as a 1 yr old. I think he's growing up too fast.
One of my favorite books "The Go Giver" passes the 200,000 book sales mark! Congrats !
Maybe ill go to bed..
So upset although I knew it was coming.
When your political career is dead you should lie down, close your eyes and stop bothering people.
Director, Julissa Carmona reteams with AADA director, Janis Powell, in preparation of her latest production "Broken Vines".
1/2 pieces of gum makes the pack last 2 times longer
Had a great time ! Fun show! Will share the stream link later!
no clue.
He's no Cam Newton, not a dual threat. Only strength is scrambling with ball... Too inacuurate of a passer. Limits an offense...
you to
Just saw a lady with a mint julep tucked between her boobs at the Kentucky Derby.
Wow! Clippers and grizzlies showed good sportsmanship before the game!
love u guys i have 541 followers :) thnx u all :)
We never know the worth of water till the well is dry.
Grange t-shirts are going fast!
Stupid nurses wouldn't let me have my phone til now :/ lol.
Cheers! Happy #WW just finished a fab wine trip to Santa Ynez
Heart stopped beating 4 atleast 10 sec. Cold RT : It has taken 12 minutes but I've finally forgiven Cal for playing with my emotions.
I was thinking we had more spots! But I have been wrong before and many times ! Hehe
Just watched Food Inc & Food Matters the other day. Great motivation booster. Check these documentaries out ASAP if you have not already!
Thx for following,folks!
My first business card had "Jukebox Hero" listed as my position. True story.
Copycat Project blowin up! RT I have one thing in my story neither the Atlantic nor NPR had: Blood!
Man something about old skool funk that makes you tap your feet.
thanks love! Have a great day!!
jake what's up Boss
I like mobile sites over apps too. Consistency and less likely to be missing something. I like to have it all.
Can we implement national programs throughout public school curriculum to teach internet safety?
I hope I meet you someday you are an amazing guy and any girl would be lucky to have you and will you please follow me? (:
@ kara, this time I saw it and thought contrast and comparison
Ahh. Amplified is great man. Keep it up. What setup to do having running?
The Olympics of acting is HOLLYWOOD! Who you know, what you look like and then your ability.....
OW Holmes - once you've expanded the human mind, it cannot return to original form
Look I ain' tryna be rude.,but I ain't tryna eat your food....I'm a keep it funky with you girl we ain't that cool
My grandparents was gonna let Melynnie come to dinner with us but her parents would let her.
to be fair, there are a lot of what we would consider to be good lawyers here.
and just how did I not know today was National Grilled Cheese day? I missed out!
Saw Death Of A Salesman last night and it blew me away. Reminded me why I am an actor.
“: gonna record a commentary on some of the ignorant shit white people have told me over the past 4 years of high school.” 0_0
Many different rolls of wire has came in.Some R listed in R online store 4 just $12.99 for 100'. Standed Copper wire, Twisted Pair ect.
Mean girls will never get old
yes! I am! DM me or email me
...a magic and lavender space unpinned from the hours around it, between worlds."
check my location on FourSquare in 15 minutes. If I don't tweet in 3 hours, chances are I was in bitten.
Dubstep on the radio?!
I #Believe when the time comes will finally follow me(: #NEVERSAYNEVER #DREAMBIG #1InA18MillionChance he wil actually see this
I like the thunder
Feels good to be home :)
Congrats Dragon Tat. Great film.
If April showers bring may flowers then what does April snow storms bring?
Been doing a lot of busy work. You know making pc's to send to CD's with my "Morgan" quote. My IMDB Starmeter is up which makes me happy.
Well I'm glad I got to see my best friend and my lil cute twins!! Now it's time to shower and sleep... goodnight y'all!!
wasn't u guys the last to beat the National Champs???
“: The Game is the best show on BET!” < Ditto!
Hahaha! You put your laptop in, you put your laptop out, you put your laptop in and you shake it all about...
Haha yes!! Cause she talk to alotta people that could be a lie ;p hahah
Common Myths and Misconceptions with Credit Card Processing Fees
thanks so much :)
haha good times!
So who is coming over for mania cause I'm cookin' and need to know how much I'm making
i really just woke upp.
Off work, headed to tailgate soon at Kauffman...loving my Monday!
When you realize, everything gets on your nerves, lol.
really?! I was at Macy's in Dadeland and there's no reception there that's probably why I didn't get it D:
I don't chase women,I chase dreams
haha yay, let the reckless nights begin t(^.^)t
I like to hold the door open for people when they're too far away just to make them run a little bit.
but she does has an interesting take on Irish people
You need a feature. Someone to take one song that you been working on and take it to the top. Holla at me. Im killing shit
Yum!!! Peach Crumble even?????
might have the best job ever! www.adidasgolf.com/witw If you like golf, and you know you do, check him out!
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God^^^^^^^^^^
Apr 5, 1922: Cabinet discussed possibility of a de Valera unilateral declaration of a Republic of Ireland.
I've missed more days this year than my entire high school career combined. If that doesn't scream senioritis, I don't know what does.
Lily Halpern, honey, weren't you dating harry? Psh the truth came out babe. Who's next? Zayn? Niall?
Sorry fact is most of these kids never make it to a pro career either. In NCAAF too; it's BS. needs to change.
See you tomorrow knuckleheads. RT “: Do you have a favorite #Wilbon quote? Give me the gist & I'll find it #faveWILBONquote”
Shattered a mirror... into my back. How many years of bad luck is that? #clumsy #doomed is rubbing off!
Thinking about the logic problem that is carpool...
I hope u feel better lol especially before june 30 lol
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1943 "Oklahoma!" by Rodgers and Hammerstein debuted on Broadway. The original title was "Away We Go".
I started out with nothing I still have a little left
Try to convince to take me to your house!
this is not a good time to get bug bites on my legs .. no no no no no NO
I can't DM you because you're not following me. :( Short answer: just house-hunting. I start beginning of June.
Hi Cory, I sent you an email about Kitchen PLAY and just want to make sure you received it. Let me know! Thanks, Casey.
Woman at airport restaurant orders eggs Benedict, eggs well-done.
catholic priests at it again...springtime in philly!
My cab driver stopped the meter and bought me coffee. Good morning!
PAT is BLOCKED! Pittsburgh leads 12-9 in the 2nd quarter.
Very last hands-on lab covering client management including client health and remote tools. #mms2012 #ConfigMgr 2012
I'm hungry
Really wanna go swimming :)
But you said he apparently liked you. Which is not true at all because you are eww ugly.
how bout them Irish!
You can share your thoughts on National Bookmobile Day.
I like that you wish your followers goodnight. Sometime I hate that you do that. Today I like it
please follow me <3 I love you. .
agree, very nice detail. I did feel trapped with them at times.
solamere?? Corp are ppl too mr frnd. Bought and paid for.
Jesssie and Becca are being loud.
Happy, happy Mardi Gras! Today is the last day of sugar for me for 40 days! No sweets, treats or sugary delights. Time to celebrate.
where u headed too
Powers for the win!
I just seen a cheetah on steroids
gotchu! Its just taking a while to render the beat from Fl Studio lol. But i'll send it in 10 mins or so
my favorite song we play right now. And that's not the Jameson talking :)
Thought my final started at 2...was 30 min late 😳
I should wake up everyone in my phone
Good things come to those who wait , but great things come to those who get the hell up && go after what they want !! I mean really..
I just got this odd feeling for country music.
I didn't need to know about Kenny.
i dunno if we can give kids weapons. lol
Got home waiting for to come later 😄
Pls RT Dear San Francisco: I'd really like a #job where I am the #assistant to an #executive for a #startup. I'm ready to work my tail off.
People ask too many questions.
FUCK YOU HYPOCRITES.
NBA Playoffs 2012: Best Storylines for Conference Semifinals: We were robbed of one of the NBA's best potential matchups when Derrick...
One of my students really made my day. You never know where a nice gesture will come from. Thanks.
Attention teenagers in Liverpool nightclubs: stop chewing gum!
What are these #weebles you speak of ? Are they the "wobble but they don't fall down"type?
15 min late to yoga - what motherhood is all about: showing up, often imperfectly.
Diplomacy and Tact. I off to learn how to be all that I can be. Learning is the key of life; it never stops turning.
Everybody is going to hurt you, you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for. #StoryOfMyLife #TrueTweet #❤
Actually, forgets.
U R ALRIGHT WIT ME LLAB
very much! Maybe you should write to FB; what if she is getting messages that are meant for you?
When these lames going mainstream? Haha. Probably never, their limited, stuck in the box. Its a shame cuz they actually have talent
It was SO GOOD! It's at a place called Smitten in Hayes Valley.
We've all reached the point where everything is not funny, it's hilarious. 1 more scene to go.
Flying out this morning and coming back tonight. loading my iPad with books, TV Show, ETC...and I know i'm just going to play angry birds
Bachmann's win was based on ignorance of the FACTS, ignorance, & gullibility and fear of voters.
If we @ u in one of our posts, it's only to give u credit because we lovin the music! don't be afraid to RT though, show some love back!!
why did you change you twitter name lol
Geometry lesson: Lela Rose mixes geo prints to perfection in a collection punctuated by gray and mustard yellow - and fab cocktail frocks.
Looking for a bathrobe for Halloween at Goodwill is weird because the bathrobe section is right next to the underwear section.
your welcome and ok =]
Ballgame. 9ers O Can't move the ball.
oh wow you're too kind :) if ya liked it be sure to pick up a copy of the ep :) and thanks again!!!
The wisdom of the wise and the experience of the ages are perpetuated by quotations. - Benjamin Disraeli
Doesn't make it easy
How about you bring back, host and compete in "American Gladiators"?!
thank you for sharing kudos for Annie! Great to have you as a member - Happy Friday!
That's a wrap for Day 1 of the San Mateo PSA! Had an great time, met some really great ppl & even officially Slated!! :D
Installed #PhoneME #JavaME VM from #Optware on #NSLU2. Seems to run #db4o test app OK so far. Will check again after a few hours...
Blasting Passion Pit while I get ready. It's one of those days.
Good Morning y'all
I can imagine, nice cash windfall, do the players get a bonus? Why no OT? I like the favorite in a blowout
Just had an hour long phone convo with even though we live in the same apartment complex.
Sweet rest and dreams to you both ~ We'll catch up in the new day.
i got really upset and cried because i got in a fight with my sister because she didnt wanna go buy me never saynever =(
#TheDayJalenStopPerpin is the day that juice go to ohio state
Would you do it? lol!
Thank U !
I feel like it is. It seems like such an arbitrary figure prone to gaming.
GAME TIME BITCHEZ!!
Ok I'm tired of driving
I seriously can't stop rearranging my room. /:
It was great catching up with my old friend today :)
we misses u
works great! 1pm work for u? Looking forward to it!
...SHIT !!! I shouldn't have done that :/
Welcome to ABDC, where you compete against praising the producers.
Pet bathing: team building exercise or torture? Loki remains conspicuously undecided.
33mattishot88- EW WTF. Um you're my bestfriend, we rule the school! Lololol! And you got Matt aids.
Chances of getting into Stanford, MIT, Cornell?
Watching "Two and A Half Men".
who you like in the heavy weight bout tonight ma dude?
with a bit of "That is all you have accomplished in life" face slap: Bob McWilliams reminded me Stan Rogers would 62 today.
I'm so hungry I'm eating an apple.
Lovin' the group I'm lucky enough to work with in
Hi, I'm the team mom.
Just woke up, going to my uncles garage, and then Shaler's play before I get to make mad money as a waitress
Don't Stop. Don't Give Up. You Will Make It. Keep Moving!
was hands down literally the best experience of my life. Thank u all
this book changed my life. In the words of , DON'T FUCK IT UP!!
Got a hole in one on PGA and then lost by 7 strokes
Thanks for the RTs !
get FREE breadsticks with any order from Lee's Pizza when you order with BrewCityBites this week!
nice! You're more than welcome to photocopy any of the #zines from the popup library!
The Color Lilac
have to snicker at the "hashtag of record" notion, archiving notwithstanding. ;) See y'all tomorrow morning.
play da lottery
>>yes man!!! What's up my brutha!!!
HELL YEAH!!!
So found out I have a stripper friend. EVERYTHING YOU SAY IS IRRELEVANT!!! :)
So when the awards show happens, instead of being SAG Awards it will be SAGAFTRA Awards?
if you like Pinot noir...try underwood cellars from Oregon. Had a meritage from this weekend and it was good.
Had fun at the Hawks Game. Mad they won though.
i watch that video j. Real talk from front to back!
Love that.
Time for Harold Henderson's Records of the Indianapolis Orphan Asylum
Mom brought me soup! Gluten-Free Soup!
Yup. Ooh, even better of Eldrad allowed warlocks.
Pines are dancing in the wind and the Cardinals are loving the breeze.
I should unfollow you since you don't follow me, bc you listening to me is more important than me listening to you.
Just when I thought things couldn't get any worse ,they did.
I don't think Johnny's telling me everything.
Thanks Mike Blaine helped me strategize on web, blog, & social media. Highly recommend his firm www.WOM10.com for websites.
Eating leftover lamb chops, bacon-wrapped asparagus, grilled mushrooms and mashed cauliflower. Monday's not so bad, after all!!
want to follow my tumblr ? dont know why you would want to, but i consider you all my friends so --> bringdaniellathehorizon.tumblr.com/
Does anyone have overnight dog boarding in SD they know and trust? Or someone who overnight pet sits in their home?
Great day today(: how was urs? ;)
So I bet you don't want to hear how my main accomplishment was unloading the dishwasher ;)
Hectic day!!! but its not over.... just got super upload speeds for our servers so we're gonna b able to service our clients 15X faster!!
same here. Text me when you're free and let's plan something.
Sweetwater Sup Brand says contract with SGI - construction firm overseeing bond projects - suspended following charges from DA.
RT : RT to win 3 #SweetJack vouchers for Feb. 11! Winner will be chosen Monday at 10 am.
lls The air band
Yup. To cute!
Hahaha so true! Gordon Ramsey is totally scary/crazy! I feel like I could get a panic attack just watching him on the show!
"It's not what you are willing to do that will make you successful. It's what you are willing to do without until you get there"
BYOB means bring YOUR OWN beer. Either get some before or pay people, don't mooch..
can't wait for the concert tonight!!
This overcast day is making Natasha Bowdoin's The Daisy Argument glow! Come and check it out in The Arcade.
The Jambox is just an incredible POS. I'll never get those hours of my life w/ customer service back.
Fun fact, RT “: Happy Artist Professional Practices Day!”
thanks, guys!
Hyperbowl? Isn't that the one where the players are on Ritalin?
we're in the back of
i only pray that God helps me when i'm struggling in the future. cuz i kno that i will be.
#ifyouknowmeyouknow that I'm not a really shy person! ;)
Good morning world! Thank u God 4 allowing me to see another day and TGIF!
Picked up pasta sheets for pumpkin ravioli tonight. Talked about the recipe at the store, might have a few people following me home tonight
Hype about the new film Texas Killing Fields', filmed in texas with up and coming actress Deneen Tyler. Can't Wait!!
Thank you! We sent an email over this morning!
have a shake for me!
girl she had me scared for a min...I cursed everybody out in this hospital!!
Parkway Drive<3
You are so right-- click & collect is hardly "news". Sears, Nordstrom, Walmart, BestBuy all implemented over a year ago.
First u might need a resume? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie ps. kids come first
Thanks for the Mention!
it's scary. :p if I ever get caught I'm just gonna run like hell
I see! Yeah I'm staying fri-mon!!
Wats good world
No, he was on the other side, back when I was in NY for last year I guess, He doesn't even know. He was rude before. Ssshh. ;|
It was going to end up in a high note, with an uplifting musical # for Marilyn. Now, the pills on that obsessed actress. Why hasn't she die?
want to roll with me to Refused?
One thing that amazes me the most about NYVS is their ability to sing perfectly in tune all the time, even with unbelievably complex music.
goodnight beautiful <3 :)
Ah, I finally unfollowed Guy Kawasaki...I was getting so sick of his dozens of automated tweets each day!
:'( I just kneeded my seld in my month :'(
Have a great weekend everyone!
which holdout is most likely to end first? Gore, Chris Johnson, or Desean Jackson?
No you tuurrdd! Ahahaha. I'm freaking out about failing thhat test. Haahaha(:
I hadn't thought about it that way.
Finally been retweeted by someone famous :) thank you lol
@ night u think u dream, when u wake there is cream; All the kids n the land, have learned 2 just use their hand
Sale for this weekend -- buy any two pairs of pants and get 1 shirt of equal or lesser value for FREE (Sept 30th, Oct 1 and 2 only!)
#ghettotranslations you is showin out= you are acting unlike your usual self to gain attention
:) RT : Just accidentally typed chimney sheep instead of chimney sweep. thus my new brilliant picture book idea is born of a typo.
First make sure you got what you need in life to be happy with yourself.. than focus on the money.
I think that flavor is a goner. I bought 10 cases of it when it was on clearance. I built a ramen cellar under my house.
bout to head out and scoop up my dude and see if we can mk some magic happen today
You're alone in EVERY picture?!? No friends huh! Ouchie!
Now I want one!
I'm sad. I have to choose between seeing you next week or seeing
Wait, so, are you suggesting foundation garments for swimwear? I have never heard of that. Is that a thing people do?
If you can't Handle my worst You ain't getting my best
You are not only articulate, you're kinda cute to boot it up. Kudos.
Don't lose yourself in the process of loving someone too much, forgetting that you are special too.
boo. Hiss. Get a refund.
IM HILARIOUS THANK YOU..
Reading Schoenberg's Harmony Bk. brilliant Can't imagine NOT reading it in German! Those great sentences that look like a whole paragraph!
Anderson U Mobile #eli2012 students didn't like being experiments with, etext, long narrated lectures,
only if you bring super mario sunshine & metroid!
h&m, nyc & co, target. The staples of my temping wardrobe.
It be bout 3 year now and I still miss lil bro
Beautiful sunny day in #SanDiego! Where did you take your #car2go today?
is taking a moment to decompose himself.
you like The Saint? We have a movie/makeout date in the near future.
You know, the way PHX is playing tonight (dirty) won't help Torres' appeal case much. Entire organization needs a wake up call.
If it has to do with spelling things correctly or not spilling things, I probably should not be in charge.
and I have people trying to Indian-ize my first and last name which is really annoying
shoullda been up for a vma(:
Fear the Ceej.
#Actors - Anne McCarthy #casting role of OLIVER 16 Male Blue Eyes Innocent Expression for the show "Family Dies." More castings in the app!
Let's go out or let's cuddle? . . . #Sexy #Followers which do you prefer?
someone kick me outta my mind i hate these thoughts i can't deny.
and with a little wasabi on the side.
I miss my boyfriend.
LMFAO, yes yes you are, all the kudos in the world go to you ! :D
is coming over! Yay!
Sorry for the problems. If you could please follow & DM the primary domain so we can look into this further ^CH
What a goal by the #Coyotes!! Shot from center ice that beats Quick. Amazing!!
hey :) do u remember me ?
my whole body is cold lol
You should share the link when you. I'd like to see what YA books you are sharing! I get a lot of retweets from lib. pages
Work work work is all I do..
Glad I attended tma event tonight - always well run.
"That is the most sickeningly sweet thing I have ever experienced. And I am sipping Kool-Aid through a Red Vine." - Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
Thx to for the Domy Books tip. Art book browsing is the perfect way to decompress from
HOT ✔ FLAWLESS ✔ AWESOME ✔ COOL ✔ TALENTED ✔ SEXY ✔ CUTE ✔ ADORABLE ✔ FUNNY ✔ AMAZING ✔ LOVABLE ✔ = AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE.
It's moving day which means this may be my last East Main Tweet from Smithtown
S/O to da brownskin skin women, to me dem brownskin women is da #SEXIEST women eva idk to me its something bout dem
Um guys, remember how hot Ben McKenzie is?
Deadline for submitting to FI has ended for 2011, but we are still reading the submissions we received.
Woah - sounds kinda... interesting.
Proverbs 23:10 "Do not move an ancient boundary stone or encroach on the fields of the fatherless"
RT Makes u feel like a dragon breathin fire from your nostrils! RT SCREAMER ROLL! #bEwARe cc:
Just think, if that Colts had dumped Caldwell last year do you honestly think Harbaugh wouldn't have loved a chance at the job?
do people do #ShoutOutSunday?
Thank you for everything I had the best birthday ever and just getting to meet you and give you a hug was the greatest gift ever.
smoking on planes wasn't that long along. It was disgusting.
O sister where art thou?
Long lines to win the $640M for the Mega Millions lotto. What would u do with $640M??
rain makes me sleepy ahaha
I dislike
have u gone mad???“: I want seasonal temps to return. #thereIsaidit #thishotweathersucks”
I'm so happy!! won Best Male & Best Pop CONGRATS KIDRAUHL
love this horoscope
thanks for the follow. :)
when will you guys play a show in the Bay Area?!
thanks! Me too!! Collabo!!
Things are looking up!!!!
Pretty fired up to see Nick Perry when I'm up in GB in a few months for training camp #defensebaby hopefully its back this year
London show celebrates modern age design innovation
what is the likelihood of a UK tour this year? ;)
I hate all those event invites on facebook
beers n' chores are the best combo.
Nice job on your CNN MyCityMySecret segment.
Pain is weakness leaving the body
Lex and Terry radio show will actually mess with them when they call the show hotline - hilarious bit
Wow. am i the only one who had no idea what was happening during Lil Kim's plead the 5th?
I hope duke appreciates my story. i thought it was funny & creative.
You deserve at least three after that!
When favor is flowing you just have to love it....knowing you didn't earn it but God just chose to give it....
ME TOO!
You need to teach the young ones Jen.
Thanks for the mention, Kate! Glad you have joined us!
yo ugly ass
I want nap time...so tired...
Come in today for a FREE beer and slice of pizza!!! (3-6 pm)
Never underestimate the power of a dream!
...Rightly said!! And on that sagely observation, I shall leave the Twitterverse for the evening. 'Night.
Also, it's Thirsty Thursday at Baked! Get an extra pint o' cow juice with a Hotbox Special. Make sure to mention the deal! Please RT!
RT : If you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
did you buy it frozen or already thawed out?
