haha totally saw that. I don't think I would have gone for the grilled cheese either...
go them
Thanks!! : Anytime! You guys rock my world.
Running two seminars for Brite over the next two days - then doing it again next week. Feet don't fail me now!
You actually can schedule/post to FB fan Pages we do it all the time. Apparently they have added support for linked pages too
My girl looked at me like u dawg ass nigga
Fair enough
If you cannot see a plan, you will not see your goal.
#bitcheswhowontdateme that Big Bitch from Precious
Keeps enlightening my day with positive tweets that is truly
Elise or Eirka are either gonna go. Cause it's crazy how the both have been in the bottom the last two weeks.
Awesome! We'll definitely let you know.
51 days till teen hoot<3 (:
I like pie
Good Afternoon Everyone...hope everyone is enjoying there day!
When will the Dollar Tree penetrate the urban core???
I'm getting indulgent now, but crazier things have happened in real life.
WALKABLE Dallas-Fort Worth: Re- Branding
Shout out the fakers!! Lmfao
That is why you should be sick at home. Pajamas, movies, internet tv. You almost forget you feel like crap.
Would that make you Pinky Tuscadero?
those are chickens not chicks so check before making lame jokes lol
haha aww yay!! =D and i am glad thank you for listening you are the best! =)
remember i said you was pretty...
Thanks for your encouraging words!
#ItsCrazyHow much you make me smile.
may have just landed herself a phone interview :)
Thank you!
(I know. I covered it when I worked in Camarillo in the 90s.)
looking forward to visiting with you at ALA and finding out what new titles will be out this fall.
How sweep it is! Tribe is now 19-8!
You're Welcome.
Yuck, has a Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 in our office :)
you most love me
Yes, I would have done the same; liertature and movies are ancillary...not part of main focus.
having fun I see?
Correction: not data points, variables
Ah!!! Number 1 Girl Tour is coming to Detroit!!!
What a great weekend!
I won't miss that Lake O reporter. But you I'm going to miss.
U get a big #cmonman its your golf ball! He bestowed it upon u, get paid lol!!!!
where is earl sweatshirt?
so thrilled that digs the songs :)
ok, I'll go the generic route with a :(
True, we have been lucky here hardly a dusting :-).
Careful, you could get arrested, the car get impounded and there'd be no way you'd avoid getting grounded.
yes they are lol
heyy girll where did yu get that blue blousee of yurss. ive been looking for onee and cant find it! loll (:
Well now you do know.....!!!!! And Mitch is not here so if you guys need a place a to stay, you've got my room.
Congratulations to our models & talent on booking the Peter Piper Pizza Commercial! #SignatureEqualsSuccess... way to go everyone :-)
“: Honestly, is beautiful.” Aw thanks you're a sweetheart! 😊
"To me if anyone is a fuck its you" mhm
Some guys are ridiculous, I swear..
RT : One of our clients tells us, "Every single volunteer that comes to the door--they're the nicest people..always so kind."
For the first time in my life today, I bought Pogs. Im just as confused as you are.
they learn difference from somewhere... MT “ Think kids r racially colorblind? ...hear what 6 yr olds have to say on ”
Happy Easter!! He is RISEN!!!
Um, did you just call me fat?
How many games should Artest get?
think yu could help me w/ sum10???
Home sweet home.
Torres actually scored a goal? Miracles do occur then eh? Have that Barca fans! Best team ever my arse. Chelsea flying the flag for England
Sometimes Twitter confuses me.
> : Is it just me or does gaga remind anyone of Johnny Depp in Willy Wonka tonight ?
#PLAYOFFS Tight finish... Hell yes!
"Moses" tag on the windshield.
ridin bike downtown #denver today ...do we have the best bike path system or what?
Is it OK if he's made of felt & yarn? I'm way clever w/ a glue gun....
Thanks. Same here. And, now I know who's behind the "likes" that make me so happy!
N u know he popn bottles
On Wumenguan - koan 31 Wisdom mountain's path In front of your nose, but first: Check out this woman!
Bummer. It'll be worth the wait though! Even just thinking about it now I'm still in speechless disbelief.
While the world sleeps, I find all of my inspiration.
nope! I couldn't :( I had finals :(
dnt be jelly voice of a angle
This could be read so wrong RT : Kicking balls are prepared by officials used for kicks only. Tms prepare own balls for snaps
playing at the drake hotel in 10 minutes! Trio plays til midnight- come on out!
bout 2 go workout b4 i meet my buddy dave
yea I know. I'm @ a loss for words. I just can't imagine another human being doing something like that.
So thnkful 4 amazng LA fam!-: Had great lunch w/ My Bama fam has mad skillz, a good head & humble. Look out H-wood
Ah, I love a good slow jam...50th Annual Kentucky Junior Historical Society Convention is in the house today. Kids are everywhere!
So what is there to do in this town on Easter?
I hate writing cover letters. Took me an hour and a half just now, because I had to be careful in begging for a job.
great - been looking for a way. I'll try it out. And I will be in need of coach! I will reach out. Thx again.
Bringing back that old Kanye
this is my angry face...now here's my really pissed off face.
Lol.. Close enough! But which part are yu from?
no matter how much I love one direction, always comes first.
Launch of viroXchange, an international digital media dedicated to virology
I wish I was that girl inside your head but it's someone else instead we didn't have chance since I was first entranced
I'd call up Cobb over having Davis start. He's just getting comfortable in the 'pen, and the 'pen needs all the help it can get
thanks for coming in. Hope you had a great time with mom! Thoughts on the new menu?
oh I know you can hold your own :)
i love getting phone calls
Mac book is dead aagghh!!
Nice late unnecessary foul by Andrew Bynum of the #Lakers what a #KNOB!
You know, I'm going to have that song in my head all day now...
soon Im working on my license
Excited for the rolling video game bus that's coming to the Club this Friday! It's going to be the best kid's night yet!
i'm confused. i don't see what i did there?
Dead teenagers make other teenagers sad.....This is big news to some people.
The Tiger Prince
Yeah girl! Can't wait to see your new locks!
We'd like to extend a big thank you to our judges and semi-finalists in the #NYintern Project! It was a tough decision to be made.
it's not nice he lied either
someone should invent something so that i can obsessively tap my foot and bounce me leg without bothering people or shaking the room.
Update my shit and active my account please. This is ridiculous. How the fuck do you put an apartment # in?
that's too bad that you would choose to be so negative.
welcoming intern become a full-time designer today!
Thanks chef!
Milwaukee! Another sunny day! Please join us for the Cuervo beach v-ball tourney today! Reggae with RAS Movement!
• Imma boss..lol...you coming out?
yes :) and I'm starting at then over to 1111 Lincoln for the BMW event and finally over to Shelborne..No LIV :(
really started noticing cats be hatin' just to hate..like can I just give someone a compliment without someone saying something negative?
I would snitch non in my life
oh wow, when he smiles...thats crazy!
I want video. Joining you in spirit ... "Yeah - I wanna dance with somebody ... " :)
MKE's gettin' a double shot of the #hardlife this month. Stoked!
awww boo that sucks so ive gotta new guy well kinda it aint official yett
it's not a game - if #obama wins, we all lose.
hope you're having a great Thanksgiving!!!
A lot of questions are being asked!!!!
haha yeah but were playing flashlight tag!! I suck!!
Why couldn't the rabbit fly home for Easter? He didn't have the hare fare.
sorry I'm addicted to twitter
Bumming it out today!
yes he knew who I was cause of twitter.
Eating like it's the end of the world with
Google Hangouts is going to really change how we all meet and communicate with each other. Exciting!
ANNOUNCEMENT: Starr Status ENT. Presents Summer Jam 2012!
Come back from lunch and someone bought me flowers ????
Cleaning man trying to flirt w me. Ugh. He wears tight pants too.
“: Testing out as we speak. Interesting concept..”. We'd love to know what you think - Props or Drops?
happy veteran's day!
Run, , run! Let's correct the mistake that was made a little over a year ago!
duh lol.., she's clearly not all there lol
nothing as of yet, but he is smart enough to get into the game.
woo!!!! Cody's coming back to San Diego soon!!!!! :) <3 i cant wait! i missed him on the coast to coast tour :(
Spoken Word is looking to "Crew Up" in the LA area for several new projects. We need recordists, audio engineers, audio editors, & studios.
. thinks I am influential about skateboarding, which I have never tweeted about in my life. Really??
“: They may be alum but they'll always be my best friends #AOT #kdlove ”
"I've fallen in love, I've fallen in love for the first time, and this time I know it's for real, I've fallen in love"
#808Pride when u like someone u treat them with care but when u love someone u treat them like ur world
south coast rep: white people problems.
So hard to watch, but thank you - Go Cats! RT Also welcome to (Go Cats! -shame about the Big 10 loss) and
Lol your funny
RT : The first step before anyone else in the world believes it is that you have to believe it. -Will smith
oh how i cant wait to start class monday
I got some blue Gatorades.
I am looking at buying a point-and-shoot camera. Anyone have any suggestions? RT?
it going to be a little after nine
Closed SHORT $USDCAD for +3 pips profit; 2% of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 18% SHORT
imagine technology in 10, 20, 30 years. lol what are we about to do to ourselves. fun time to be alive.
Good Morning!
and when i stop being lazy im gone find out whose not following me lol
Industry folk, 25% off your entire check this evening, good in the lounge or in the dining room! Let us pamper you on your day off!
Going to game tonight !
rad! thanks Fabian! We like great Cal Arts alum. See you tomorrow?
Have you listened to 's show this week yet? It's another really good one. I don't know how does it every week!
It's time to catch up on some of 's recent videos! :D
thank you, godbless you.
I didn't change. You did. I didn't leave. You chose to. I never stopped caring. You did that. I gave up. So don't call me boo. It's over!
Its 11:11 make a wish make a wish and say i hope you come true <3 #11:11 new single :D
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." Ralph Waldo Emerson
Me too! Good times ahead.
can yuee follow me
I study/work at and didn't know abt this! So excited for this preview! I'll pass on the info to students...
absolutely. I would enjoy that!
Summer's around the corner I need to get in shape for Bikini season Lol
Im waiting for the day i randomly see mgks tour bus and just flip out and chase it down
Neat A1 cutout of a giant cat today. Love how big they went.
Good Point": RT : dont you think if zimmerman was beat all to hell, the pictures would be all the internet
Any Will Clark fans out there? It is his birthday today you know.
Gravity is not to blame for two people falling in love.
yeah dude it was amazing. She is bad ass. A girl with us just thought she was ok pre concert. Walked out in love w her!
So many writing projects swirling around in my head. Need to get them organized and just start. Disorganization & procrastination won't do.
we love you 2
Thanks for the follow! The exhibit booth media & live presentation we did for you guys seemed to go over really well!
Why he agreed to be on a tv show is the bigger mystery. Ah, the irresistible draw of celebrity.
happy new year all. and YAY- we've already taken down the christmas trees...
Hey! Everyone! is always on my mind.
SO glad to hear that!
Semi-Finals of Dew Tour Today!! Spinnin Music at 2pm bottom of peak 8 at the TBar!! Come say what up!
Wow. My wife is giving away free bookmarks & plates to promote her new book. People love them. She's had over 2000 blog visits today.
NO! He comes across as a selfish cancer.
#Zimmerman apologizes to Martin family, "I didn't know if your son was armed." Leaves off "But I did know he was Black."
Yea I'm against age regulation so I'd not be a good candidate.
On the way home, I saw a pink Jeep with Hello Kitty seat covers. That is all.
great social media experience! nothin better than a dead gopher. hope you give osu the beatin the NCAA should've given them
So whats the point in putting cell phone on vibrate when the vibration sound in class is more annoying than the actual ringtone....... lol
thank you! Heard a girl at a restaurant say "hm, should I get mayo? Oh why not, YOLO!" shoot me...
:') OMFGGG, idc I'm making it up to you some kind of way!!
": Ok now getting sleepy ."
Shower time!
RT : I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate...George Burns
I'm mad cus Wendy's stopped making chocolate chip cookie dough shakes!!!! >:(
#classic “: having coffee”
Joe Scarborough: Make no mistake about it, the NeoCons won tonight.
Fridays! Just getting started. OC drinkers #Bar330 Open Bar & LA Poppers hang out at ICON Fridays across Staples! Get at me.
Can you run by now?
i been following u since i was 15 i love ur music u put a smile on my face everytime i hear ur songs
The entire Conceivian team will be at Deploy on Monday. If you are there, come say hi.
Love, Laugh
All these years I thought I didn't like chicken salad. Turns out I just don't like bad chicken salad. What else have I been missing?
seriously needs to catch up on her dvr!! so many shows i havnt watched!
Thai food!
OMGessbers! Im so confused.
Penguins up 2-0 Already. Here's hoping The Nuggets do DA damn later against the Lakers later tonight!
I might die of happiness.
Pour motor oil over a stack of CDs. Ta-da! Robot pancakes.
Finalizing event details for a June event for Ho Chunk. Love that their party has a circus theme!
ha I have been trying to learn that for the longest time ever lol the song goes to fast(:
okay deal.
WOOP! “: Absolutely fantastic house - to quote an audience member, "ultimate storytelling experience!"
Happy Mothers Day.
i got to the scene pretty late but most of the people looked fine… I'm sure earlier in the morning, things were a bit crazier.
Your welcome Chris, Thank you for all the time and effort you put into helping others become exceptional leaders!
well now it's looking like i'd be solo and Idk how i feel about navigating by myself.
Obsessed w/ Wanna c sum #indy trucks. We have Sure missing sum1...sorry
never thought i would see the day where $AAPL trades over $600. used to think $300 was a dream.
Yes sir. Did you get them?
X Factor- so nervous for the girls feel like I'm about to do an all out rowing sprint
No, that's awesome! Good luck! Application is due soon, right?
We go the Lead Back!
Happy birthday , enjoy every single minute of today;) mwah!
Bitches Are Haters, Mofuckers, and Do Things To Hurt You. Avoid The Wrong Worthless Bitches, Assholes In Your Life. They Jus Make You Mad.
i miss you too bay
Working on New Years resolutions. Let's see... get side of face totally tatted-up, address all strangers' kids as "Buster" and "Squirt"...
Purpose of Life[Ecclesiastes12:13] Love.Respect.Honor.Obey FatherGod & keep HIS Spiritual Principles for this is the whole duty of humankind
I now have Daydream Believer playing in my head.
whats your email? i got some stuff i can send you that im gonna put on my next album.
#Boulder County fire crews responding to Hall Ranch now. Possible fire. Also working in area of Blue Mountain in Coal Creek Canyon.
Put your faith in more than steel
I ALWAYS WANTED TO MEET RICKY BOBBY!
AH ! people need to stop haten on Tebow ! He is tryin kay? eff off
Posted In opening a fashion boutique
...what's good
it was slow but im going out later on tonight hows everything going for you
Best quote about a broken speaker this morning, "that speaker sounds like Steven Hawking!"
..each one of you should look not only 2 your own interests, but also 2 the interests of others (Phillipians 2:4)
Can I jus get one normal guy...ONE! That's all I ask...damn perverts!!!
Any one can hold the helm when the sea is calm
yea, real good.
Anyone can be passionate, but it takes real lovers to be silly.
.'s Confessions of the World's Worst Missionary ( ) on Twitter. Follow as they prep 4
i'm online!! tweet???
“: Meeting today 😃” can't wait text me when you are finished up love!! I'm taking a quick final at 12:30 so will b on
OMG I JUST FOLLOWED YOU ON TUMBLR THIS IS SO LEGIT I LOVE YOUR BLOG
#FF admirable writers
Clearly not. Been wondering, since some of our patrons have been resistant to using online finding aids, how Aeon would work 4 us
If I was in a coma, how often would you visit me?
I can not wait to , stoked <3
#FF These tweeters are great! Happy Friday everyone :)
All of the lights.
I wish you'd wished me a straightforward trip home. This is turning into a nightmare.
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction
What do you tell your #library patrons who want an ILL for a Kindle book that came out 6 mos. ago, but the paperback came out today?
Thanks for introducing to Tully's. All the associates are benefiting :) Missing the PNW!
What is the #nature of #reality ?
It felt so good to call you a bitch today right to your face !
Don't miss the VAC on KLRU Fall Arts Festival tonight between 9-10 pm!
RT : Happy International Volunteer Day! Thank you to all volunteers around the globe.
yeeesss! High five 🙏
ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS!?
I think A is Mona. There is just something about her.
I don't say this often but good job Wildcats, a Misery loss is always sweet.
This boston game is good
he was so small! Lol with his tat!
Waiting for my lunch.. Taco Time!!
37%! what? are you reading on a damn kindle?!
She's sick again? Wow. You know what? The world would be better without her in it.
Excited to visit Gold Hill Mesa for June 26 #cstweetup! Sponsored by <excited to find out about Gold Hill Mesa
Big #Easter weekend means you should expect travel delays. Leave early, be prepared and most importantly, travel safely!
#FF Follow the One and Only
Your love never fails, never gives up, never runs out on me -8-
You should definitely say how you REALLY feel
Don't have to set foot in the office for another 279 hours. Giggity
you're a "somebody" now!
Dear Chad Henne........ At this time your services are no longer needed you are the weakest link #GOODBYE!!
Damn! All the fakery is unbelievable.
does your son have more hair than you yet?
washing and cleaning and getting ready to start my workweek.....
Exactly! I never used it but was always curious and now it's gawn.
Doug Collins: "Were playing now only by the grace of God." My favorite quote so far.
When u have a set route when u run, & ur about to pass out and die but u see your finishline so u start sprinting towards it just to be done
im bored & i really miss her://
Tree rings reveal history about droughts. Wet yrs usually produce thick rings. Drought yrs have thin rings, b.c little growth takes place.
RT : Apparently it takes forever to get through the state of Mississippi
We will be at the local 662 tonight in Tampa. Come hang out. Last day of the
lol i always want to talk i dnt have your number and i only have one more moth here.
Huge D Rose fan sucks that he Got hurt today.
"He couldn't get a job at McDonalds" - my dad on Craig Kimbrel
This is the part of me. That you're never going to ever take away from me.
. He was real chill. I feel like we could play Nintendo 3DS together and he wouldn't stop talking about not needing glasses.
Why do things have to be so complicated ?! :(
Ticket info for Trivia Night available soon; in the meantime, send your never-trivial questions to !
Wouldn't being a lizzbean just mean that you're self-involved?
From one Potter to another.... Welcome to #Buffalo ! #GoBills! See you in the locker room this season!
Texting bitches at 11:12, making their wishes come true.
saving brian real quick
my meetin wit MsJGray was the absolute best...she is without a doubt one 2 be recognized...
Denver cabs are obscenely expensive!
Choo hit in left thumb, stays in game.
"Pick me up LOVE~Everyday"~Dave Matthews Band...song of the day...story of my life, ((hug)) someone today & make them SMILE ;) giggle giggle
Newcastle done, down 2-nil...
Installing Alice: Madness Returns and i'm estatic... !!!!!
haha who knows! People are crazy!!
closing at 5 and all day tomorrow for the weather. Plan #Reutherlib research for another time.
"Seem fine" It's almost as if you have to walk around with research to prove your points!
"Watching TV takes less concentration than eating a bowl cereal and, at the same time, it increases the stress felt by the viewers."
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight- Oh!!! Nothing beats a Handsome Hero!! See you for Calendars, Cocktails & (EXCELLENT) Company :)
#ShirtOff -- tonight ... Benjamin Bratt. It was glorious.
maybe the restaurants aren't all bad in Manchester. Or Carlos is just eating heavily from some home cookin'
Start my day wit a nutella sandwhich :)
my org currently uses webex. audio sometimes sounds "tinny" b/c of compression. does connect have the same shortcoming?
THANK YOU LORD FOR YOUR REVELATION
Been a rough few weeks. One of my close friends was murdered in July praying for justice and comfort. Miss u Ash!
Scooter's Coffee House 12th & Howard in Old Market and lots of others around Omaha: www.scooterscoffeehouse.com
- Hey Gary if my leave my office for lunch will u you keep me updated on tigers match please
hahahah yes exactly for at least 12 more minutes
someone gimme a shoutout? ..lol Jk im not a beg
Party animal... like me
It just hit me. I'm moving tomorrow and have so much to pack.
Funny, I happened to read this just last night. Fuck, I miss that guy. Did you read the "very, very short stories"? GENIUS.
Lol! Maybe. Still way cool! But still #iPhonedevoted RT “: it's just apple trying to be more like android.”
that's too funny lol
thanks for following!
right?? It's a 1 hour flight.
Well said, Jim.
1 minute left in the NBA - absolutely.
thanks bro umm how much you will to pay sick and his crew paid me $15 for a logo/avy and default and avy
Dallas, Kaufman, Rockwall under Tornado warnings now.
- The shorturl brought me to a page that was banned by my company (true)! ;-)
Somehow MD weather always makes me look like I'm crazy when I'm loading skis into my car for a trip. Winter, where are you?
“For my part, I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel’s sake. The great affair is to move.” – Robert Louis Stevenson
thank you my mann!
You feel a lot of things at three o'clock in the morning.
Love + Sex = A Epic collision
When Chunk took home Sloth at the end of Goonies that probably didn't work out as well he hoped.
yes i told you at the fight party!!
The slogan "When you're here, you're family." really makes it difficult to hit on Olive Garden waitresses...
Students are evaluating me in the other room.
NOW broadcasting @ www.getrichradio.com Dwan Bent-Twyford Known as the "Queen of Short Sales" Listen now and win the $1000 CASH prize!
": #FF I pray for an acceleration of growth and success...-->Thnk U! We pray the same 4U and Soul Artistry.
Today, MooTools' distinction between $ and $$ is annoying the hell out of me.
So is his ego.
Who waits at a store at midnight when Blizzard is awesome and has their games available online? I have my #D3 client ready and waiting.
If you for get me I don't for get you never
What a gloomy day!
too! #NYULondon might be a stalker coalition.
shave me.
I hate Bristol Down....I gotta move out dis bitch asap
Ms.Rhimes you are doing some amazing writing and story telling on Scandal
and.......was the slacker plan successful?
thanks for the follow!
hhhhmmmm is this the same who has decided to attend the WRONG school?!?
I am, alas, missing the Dianne Reeves performance, which all attendees are seeing. I call this
Cant young nigga get money anymore?!
What is happening?
Chillin, grillin, and enjoying some awesome steaks, drinks, and company with friends.
bb, whens your blog tv? i wanna take a nap c:
Hi Miranda! Thanks for the *like* and welcome to my page!
Come on (ring, ring, ring)! Alarm clock sounding time to get up! Don't forget to have breakfast! Most important meal of the day.
Mr. Belding is one fat fuck.
Never Really Knew Exactly How Good John Belushi Was Until I Ordered His Best Of SNL!
Stupid work conference for the next three days. No internet, boring speakers, and falling behind on work. Woo. :-|
That's the kind of thing that makes me go Mm m
your retweet from before
Be on your guard stand firm in the faith; be courageous; be strong. Do everything in love. 1cor 16:13
RT : "Normal is nothing more than a cycle on a washing machine" ~
tonight has been super annoying.... to say the least. oh well, seriously going to sleep now.... i hope.
The Squatch Hunters are hunting squatch in the Hudson Valley!!!
Good Night!
My eight-year-old niece told me all about lexiles last week, and it made me extremely ill and pretty angry.
My feet are killing me . And I don't Ben wear heels .
they got the biggest stewheads on #BGC8... NONE OF THEM ARE BGS
i would think like most companies advertise to their customer base. the models look like their customers
Donald Duck comics were banned in Finland because he doesn't wear pants.
“: optimizing someone's metabolism and figuring out what they respond to." I'd love to reduce the 2 hrs cardio! That's tough!!
I wish I could help.. Next time
hahaha you don't have the guts ...
Loves that Waffle House and Denny's are both trending. Good work party people!
We need new hold music for our telephones... If I had a hammer. Peter, Paul and Mary? Taking suggestions.
excited, nervous, tired, stressed
Until you value yourself, you will not value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it.
you do the same!! :) Muah!
Such a great quote! So inspiring! RT "Begin what you want to do now" (hanging in our office).
I need a new hobby besides crocheting socks.
I'm at CYD general session. You?
Happy 2012! During winter break (Jan. 3 - Jan. 24) Langsdale Library hours are 8am to 6pm, Monday through Friday (closed weekends).
Today IS national weed day, right? aren't they supposed to be like, shunning er whtev tht stuff?
Coding a simple web service in Perl.
still looking like a bill. But they're not too bad though
Did you know that AppleCare is void if you smoke around your gadget? Not that I have this problem - but FYI - another reason to quit.
Already full, but jealous, anyway!
Between The Dark Knight and The Avengers, I'm now convinced superheroes are always illegally using my phone to find bad guys.
I love the smell of peach Zig-Zags
Drool! He's awesome. Thanks for the heads up. $239 is a bit pricey, though. I'll check the local library first.
Why do I get so annoyed when my friends ask about One Direction? It's kinda like a bittersweet thing....... -G <3
The worst call I've seen at the end of a game in a while. It was a moving screen I just didn't think they would call it there
Somebody should so come keep me company during this late night practice session.
Haha, life is better that way! How are you? :-) "Ugh, I hate that you are so positive all the time... (btw, it's audrey XP)"
Well shit!!! “: "First Egypt ruins my Angry Birds moment, not the President ruins my Super Bowl buzz." That's why I love ”
It's true. Nothing sucks like a Dyson. I love mine.
My pleasure!
If you carry your childhood with you, you never become older
Man is the sh*t!
At the club with my mom.
I think I am successfully sweating out this cough/cold "thing"...yes I do know how attractive that sounds :)
Special thanks to designer for being a guest speaker in my games class today! We learned a lot from you. :-)
lol ricky he was joking around we just found it <3
too kind.. fun to be part of it.. should be proud.
Our InstantEncore app will be updated soon with program notes, audio, and more in the coming weeks. Stay tuned!
its been a while I've been on fb more than twitter Thts why
Good God. You're some classy bird Mr! With lovex
Holy cow, y'all. Samantha Crain on & #tastingnotes. No words. Only happy feelings.
good thing I went home early today otherwise I would be annoyed you did not stop in!
like seriously i'm just sitting here staring at my computer uh,
this should open the dialogue to exam where do certain expressions come from, what do they mean & do they have a place in language?
Need custom t-shirts for summer camp? Hit us! It's what we do.
FYI - an ellipsis (...) indicates an omission of a word or an unfinished thought. Use a period after words that form a complete sentence.
i love smoothies
is right. The fire department puts them up
More like chase a bicycle. #seewhatididthere? RT : BICYCLE, BICYCLE.. I want to ride my bicycle. Wait, I'm a dog.
You know how to work that off right? Be right over.
Appreciate the feedback, and we know people are excited for the Nexus. We'll share confirmed info here when we have it.
lmfao don't say that shit
Finally Found Someone Who Has The Same Taste Of Music As Me & Who Thinks That Is Gorgeous #WhiteGirlsBonding :)
Gingrich says he cheated on his wife with a staffer because of how passionately he felt about America. Why don't I love America that much?
Always seeing UT articles about something going on in my neighborhood in Pacific Beach. Today it was trash bags of marijuana in dumpsters...
My clothes are dope! Making 2 blouses and a dress as we speak! Wild weird stuff! Gotta love it!
I hope thats how this twitter thing works... .hahaha
Most important thing u must do as a man is represent STRENGTH... Be weak wit a strong woman and she'll devour yo azz!!
You know, sometimes my eyes just get tired of crying too much..and its all cause of that 'thing'>:'(
OSU GO BUCKS!
extended - Feb. 24 is last day of early bird for #ABATECHSHOW - TX lawyers use code EP1215 for addtl $200 off
Just asking: When are Cards dumping Ryan Franklin?! ERA is 9.88 + opponents hitting .393. Not sure of contract situation but enough!
Thank you Candice!
OMQ LETS BE 7 AND BE COPY CATS. #imcuteright ?
Happy Thanksgiving! Do you have any favorite traditions for the holiday?
#FF These Tweeps made my week:
Bout to try and use this phone this international service bullshit
Arguing with the raw milk/hardcore organic crowd is much like beating your head against the wall.
Damn will someone win already... SPURS & CLIPS supposed to be on.. I call spurs for this series
Just got back from Walmart & its crazy lots of ppl already & its not even black Friday yet!
New const. amendment: you speak of secession as a public official, you are disqualified from office in the federal govt.
"I'm an immigrant and I'm proud." Please retweet if you agree.
Not sure yet. I'm running for the undergrad seat on HQ's exec board so fingers crossed! Would love your chapter's support!
It looks like attagirl is expanding into Sioux Falls! More info to come!
um no
They won't b sleepn on u 4 2much longer. BELIEVE DAT! Let's catch up! Ur around the way, n the Hills! Errbody ain't able! ❤it!
im so miserable #here.... i wanna go home and jus start over...
Again, love to #robertlawrencesalon I finally have a hairdresser in MKE who I love.
Gym to regain my sanity then back to work!
Don't like the 'cube-zoo' when I start talking to my coworker only to discover no one is there!
Listening to
My little boy turns one today. Happy birthday to Joshua and his Mama.
oh god you are so right!!!! It's semi-blasphemous for her to be a librarian :)
Ha! So funny you noticed. :)
The only thing worse than a cold toilet seat is a warm one.
sometimes I'm scared of you, but all I really want is to hold you tight, treat you right, be with you day and night!
yeah it's bomb. And I didn't get it cuz I love red chile con carne enchilada style haha
RACE BAITING IN THE GAY MARRIAGE DEBATE, because our country wasn't insane enough already! YAY!
so exciting! :)
Very small apartment complex! Maybe ten apts in eyeshot of it.
Joe Walsh tweet misleading for those outside Ill. Most'll think you mean rocker Joe Walsh (Eagles), who ran for prez before
just got back from italy...who has been...Italien love vacation..they hate working,but thats the way it should be huh!work less, make money
yay at the salon time to dye all the grays away lol
I love getting zeitler in draft
Where did the 76ers come from!?
Yes - a new Robespierre!
I'm at the airport in MKE on my way to LGA for the Mets/Brewers game but the weather doesn't sound like it's cooperating.
we have the same klout score! a whopping 17!
meanwhile, we're at happy hour. You're making me feel so unproductive. ;)
": Turning off the lights downstairs and running upstairs so no one kills you." Lol I do that.
act WILD, and CRAZY!!! And maybe go to puerto rico or florida!!
thanks man right back atcha
Yeah i said it publicly so run and tell your mother, mother fucker
How does Tuesday look for you?
I guess #Corey Hart heard calling him out to step up! I have some other names for U Craig to try next :)
love you :)
Good thing I brought an umbrella. Should have considered my rainboots--but I guess you can't win 'em all.
Ludacris will be at Rain on Saturday
Our poor grass looks like a rugby field.
Weekend is here. Indoor soccer. Bengals playoffs. Putting up pictures and new china cabinet above fireplace. My life rocks!
should be a good time
Trying to finish everything up before going on vacation AHH.
Peep this yall #Tupac dedication to #IronMike ,just watched the whole session at the studio recording this on the special about them!
was calledback for THE MOTHER FU**ER WITH THE HAT written by Stephen Adly Guirgis to be directed by Tazewell Thompson up at TheatreWorks!
Beginning in 2013, creators of works can reclaim copyright of their works created before 1978--learned that recently, and it's awesome.
I'm a Do me to the FULLEST =)
Fuck I'm tired I been out driving most of the day -_- been a bizzy day for me
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality
I'll be listening to you at the Avon, NY drive-in tonight :)
Go see
At the airport, waiting for my sister & crew to arrive in the baggage claim. In MY day, they let us wait at the gate.
Dance In The Dark
Got a behind-the-scenes tour of the new casino last night and all I kept thinking was "holy shit, this place is gonna be insane"
Looking forward to time with people that are clear on their intentions
OMG. R.Kelly!
sweet! Thanx for the follow
"Uncontroverted" should be trending soon. Thanks Ed.
which is crazy cause you look so young!
good to hear! How are you, P, & the boys these days?
I need to see The Lucky One
Nevermind Cena's busted face... You know it's a badass brawl when Yoshi Tatsu comes down to break it up.
“Every day of our lives we are on the verge of making those slight changes that would make all the difference.” ~Mignon McLaughlin
The sci fi novels are right: every generation faces its own challenges, and the issue is how to reduce suffering and increase freedom.
RT : It is official! Washington DC to host this year's national convention. We couldn't be more excited!
Want to get ahead of an emerging market? By 2012, it is projected 17 billion mobile devices will be accessing the internet.
- have an idea for fundraising for during June. Wld love to get you in touch w person running campaign. DM me?
Grounded. But snuck on Twitter for your teeth(; Awwhhh yeah
Black Ops session tonight like a boss !!
Interesting points--I'll keep a look out for your blog post
. Whats on the menu today? and I are counting the minutes to lunch!
Windows are an integral part of your home whether you are having a holiday barbeque or welcoming a spring breeze into you living room.
ML Stallard: "Must have: respect, recognition, belonging, autonomy, personal growth, & meaning to excel at work."
Herring Brine is a good scent to wear on public transportation...
Another concert for the books! Thanks so much to everyone who helped and to everyone who came out! Here's to next year! :)
Read a great dissertation prospectus by tonight--excited to discuss it in Colloquium and hear more as it progresses!
GRIDLOCK ALERT Avoid the area of MLK-1st St & Orange-Central now til 6pm Saturday. THERE WILL BE STREET CLOSURES! PLAN AN ALTERNATE ROUTE!
loves coming home to NYC... 5 men on the street said god morning.
watching the films "Black Dynamite" and "Rage" back to back is one of the stranger film experiences.
I love the contemplation of that! :)
RT : RT : Libraries must support user-generated content--Susan Hildreth
We hope you like the magazine!
My favorite Milwaukee watering hole, will sell "I Hart MKE" shirts all season. Spend that $3 shipping you'll save on booze.
Every housewife, old man, 20 something, and kid are starring at me. I'm glad I'm that interesting to you all...
promo my twitter for me.
Have a great (All-Star) weekend from all of us at Kennedy’s!
saying AJ Smith really really sucks would be an understatement
Salty I can't sleep now
Just found out Erie is in Pennsylvania.
i knoow, its dumb. Thats why i just need an ipad. And yes, it was to you so i hope ur honored
Got sent home from school early for an appointment!
same I love to sing :D
Monday is like a math problem. Add the irritation, subtract the sleep, multiply the problems, divide the happiness. How's your Monday going?
Cool, if ya'll don't object, I'll plan on crashing the party. If u dont have a tic, I'll just pick up 1
you are really hot and please follow me bak on twitter and come to chicago!!!! you my number 1 idol i love you!!<33
If you are still passing notes in class it's time to start growing up.
1st blocks play was the highlight of my day!
I suppose I should start packing for my trip tomorrow...
Wow! Why does faith always cross our paths when i feel like its time to go
I wanna go to townsquare this weekend .
The text i'm about to send my main lady aka my mom >
happy happy !!
Welcome to Twitter! Have fun. Good luck!
I want to see u join the marines.
Finally getting around to seeing Watchmen!
RT : We're presenting #vmProtect 7 at the RHEV 3 breakfast this morning in DC w/ and
LOVE this. thank you from the bottom of my messy house and heart!
": name great places to drink in Chicago." Clybourn brewpub. Owned by Goose Island, but serves guest beers... no Bud yet.
Follow Back
HIGHTSTOWN: First Aid Squad has reason to celebrate
My dissertation included asking GenY's coworkers 2 list GenY values. Listing others might be difficult, but is it easier 2 list own values?
Ovens full, crockpots bubbling as about 40 Daisy Ducks prepare potluck lunch for football player after practice.
Roper hits Dwayne Eley, Jr. with a touchdown pass on their next possession, Preds lead 13-7.
Bound & determined to wear those strappy sandals to work? 2 things: 1- get a pedicure. 2- wear your right size shoe.
.. A passenger shouldn't be charged a fare either when the bus is more than 15 min late than its scheduled time for arrival!
"Trust yourself, you know more than you think you do" Benjamin Spock, born on this day in 1903.
On my way to #newhampshire.. Will be nice to be "home" for a while! Definitely need to take a deep breathe and regroup.
haha me too, he used to but then I deleted but I'll get him too again ;)
okay...once I get dinner started, I will b back on my laptop. <3
I really respect David Tepper and Appaloosa Management. He followed and used the strategy I used with C, BAC, JPM and ZION in 3.2009
I've stuck my face in some places before
do NOT do what mommy or aunt meme did. LMAO.
it's called a JOKE and a sense of humor. Google it.
Im sorry :( ill give you a big one tomorrow ? (:
Wow! Love the participation! 450 so far!
when are u putting another project out lord knows i would love to work with you.
no!! Tree is playing coy.
Beauty is a charm #sexyness!
Long day coming !
If there was ever a day where you were to spend all of your disposable income on plastic, today is that day. Happy Record Store Day!
Whew! What a semester – time to get back to Fed Hill Parlor Series planning!
startech com mp3 airlink digital media streamer
Pearberry Body Milk is Shea Butter body lotion infused with Organic Asian Pear & Succulent Blackberry.
Okay So I Admit It Im 100% Totally Gay!
RT : trust relationship communication RT : artists & community organizers: what are elements of good collaboration
I miss when I was little, and didn’t care about my weight, clothes, or hair, I just did what made me happy.
No major regrets and though I played fairly well today. Ended with 27300 resuming in the morning at 11am. Blinds 6 1200 w 100 ante.
Janet is the gold standard that all artists should be measured by...
Capital City Dance Team calendar signing is this Thursday from 7-8:30pm at BoneDaddy's!! Hope to see everyone there!!
Susan Wyatt, president-elect of the SPH student senate, leads the Public Health Professionals Pledge, a #SPHgrad tradition.
I think their jerseys have a bit less orange than ours, but a TON MORE BLUE...I'm just sayin
why is it showing me people followed me and when i click the name it says this user does not exist..
Camaro. Hm. Not so much.
- agreed. Great start to a stretch of tough road games coming up. Pitching has to stay strong.
how sweet
I now know the way to San Jose.
BRING THEM BEATS TO THE STUDIO FRIDAY NIGHT
Off to mariahs birthday part my niece is in love wit u!!! So am I lol!!!! ~BIEBER FAN AND IM PROUD~
I love Call Me Maybe especially the original video by Carly Rae Jepson and the cover by Justin, Selena, Alfredo, Ashley, and BTR
how have you been?
wait wait wait... tacos AND Torah? that has to be too good to be true. at Hillel tonight at 5-6!
im not a rapper.
Barack Obama & Michele Obama just spotted eating @ Union Street Public House in Alexandria, VA
#TeamNoSleep RT : Looks like I'm up by myself tonight
you're so sweet!! (: thank you sweet girl!
A Wise Man Once Told Me Any Boy Can Look And See a Girl But It Takes A Real Man To Recognize And See The Woman That She Is.
I bow to his greatness. RT : he's now giving his fictional NBA persona commentary: And Pea Knus scores!
Oh, well. Que sera. I've just lost hope recently for meeting him anymore.
Being a woman is a terribly difficult task, since it consists principally of dealing with men. ~ Joseph Conrad
I'm sexy and I know it. No, you're slutty and you blow it.
ah gottcha well as long as the confusion is a good thing...we'll say YES, but if not then def not! :)
and I are slamming some yummy food at yokozuna in tulsa.
Oh I forgot...light skin and Asian chicks be some big freaks too.
Time to follow! Follow:
RT beastie boys are hip hop legends. I remember my brother's license to ill album was always on rotation when I was little.
I wanna go see that movie with Johnny Depp ^_^ I love Johnny Depp <3
Silly man. Why can't you just thank directly?
after this first million...........
“We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.” Albert Einstein
We're thrilled about our new followers!
tejano makes me want to shoot myself.
Morgan Tucker is keen to build links with schools in Newark - contact us for further info!
And that's how its done!
Good morning Twitter Nation!!
agreed haha doesn't mean I have to like him
oh cool!!! :) so how is itn like in England? or did u watch the royal wedding ? :P
I've already unsubscribed. It's a constant struggle to keep up with my email, and I just don't have the bandwidth for this.
RT : surveys of research literature by #techcomm practitioners doesn't seem to be a common thing
Indeed. I'm guessing you turn your neighbors heads when you hang out on your back porch? ;-) RT : A lady of leisure
the people with connections lol well that's cool I'm sure we will still end up with good seats just sucks, are you going?
hope the coffee helped you out!!
LADIES: how long does it usually take you to get ready for a night out on the town (shower included)?
SSID Campaign Kick-Off on Weds. Feb 15 from 5:30-7:30 hosted by 1911 wharton street!! Free food and drinks for supporters!
lmao yeah buddy ^.^ I'm ready to go now I just need a nap
I didn't know that Holden from #CabinInTheWoods was on #GreysAnatomy. That is how long I haven't watched this show.
All certified awesome! RT " "
haha I know I'm doing good so far :)
it looked a little prom-y to me. No?
pulling my hair out...i hate mondays.
On Gelid Night by David Hart
Geertz unfortunately blows it at the end by insisting that it's a text but w/e
tell your momma Gator says hey!
I stand for performers rights in Music Videos. Where do you stand? #thetimeisnow RT!
why do u have hate for 1D? and their not gay and even if they were who gives a care and STOP picking on Zayn
Probably 50% of all #foodhubs still relying on external support (beyond sales) to maintain operations.
Thanks for putting up the US News Online Rankings for the UB/Towson MBA on your site.
I'm thinking sushi for dinner...
and are getting everything set up for today's #MeatlessMonday!
is amazing!
I'm watching some cartoons;) I love cartoons!
yep, shoved it in car glove area, guess that was enough to do it
Flu be damned I'm busting out
Lol my sisters never knew I moved out.... my dad told them I was "outta town" for spring break nshit.
80 degrees in milwaukee today. Hoodies and tims fo life!
Try to check out Belle Pente Vineyards in Carlton, Anthony. Beautiful Pinot Noir.
Okay, my twitter hiatus has come to an end.
the girl on fire
better hope she doesn't bother me in class today.. Cus it's gunna come back and bite her!
whats been up bro
“: Dark skin niggas play "DDR" Dance Dance Revolution” umm okay. Haven't played in years though. Hahahaha
this is GREAT, thanks so much for sharing! Hope you all are having a blast at the sample sale!!
Major moves happenin we have some shows lined up in sacramento and las vegas and HollyWood Burn$ droppin soon DJ Joker The New Era out now!
#grandslam by a nobody who cares! I'll take it :)
The thought for the day: Because you are natural doesn't always mean you have healthy hair.
Why do i like guys idk?
my bad, wrong person lol sorry
I wish they would've played the songs I requested though. -.-
Challenge y'all to invite some thirst virgins ;) RT : WHOOT! just grabbed our tickets!
Best sentence of day! - (AP) -- Hostess has enough cash on hand to keep stores stocked with Ho Hos, Ding Dongs and other snacks for now.
Read to a Dog from 3:30 to 4:30! This will be the last RtoD before Cutter and Bella go on their summer vacation, so be sure to stop by!
thanks for the follow! Do you see the Gallup-BBG partnership contributing to the #futureofpd evaluation?
going to bed! goodnight ;)
You ain't got shit on me &
Hey! Happy 21st to ...hope tomorrow you don't remember too much of it!
Lots of interest today in our small business prospect/lead management software! Want to give it a try? DM us for info on a free trial.
We do try to be creative, but elephant has never made it onto our menus... We like eating WITH family.
The most interesting Ficelles in DC will be #Metro Center today! Get ready!!!
I was supposed to be coming up to copper harbor this weekend.. too bad. we could have been drinkin Labatts like mofo's
Somebody should play in the snow with me(:
Who uses Amazon to buy music? I know iTunes is more popular but I'm curious to know how many Amazon users there are!
With that, the most runs Smyly has given up in his career
is looking at college applications from other schools-the "competition" so to speak
yeah it's bad on my apartment's lawn and we don't even allow dogs.
Rule #1: Do only that which is right. Rule #2: If it feels right, do it.
“: I wish I had a nice pair of tits to play with when I get bored”
Gamel's knee may end up being more impactful than any 2011 #Brewers injury, Weeks included. Set panic level to fuscia.
It's still on there! Go checkout www.Maybach-Entertainment.com haha
As sad as it seems, it doesn't really matter to me
Sure... I think it fits nicely after reading the Twilight Saga.
I wouldn't actively shop him. RT : so you are saying move krejci in offseason?
How long have you been working in PR/Adv and with Tedx?
heads up in case you want to follow: - user group twitter
No matter if its in a bottle, or on tap. its
It's a beautiful Wednesday here in San Diego - Are you ready to make a move here? I'm your guide to SD Real Estate!
Hey Luke I love your movies and ur music and i would love it if you could follow me please??:)
No #baseball player since 1901 has gone 0-8 and been the winning pitcher in a game. Viva la #ChrisDavis!
yes now i am!
Yesterday was the great Kit-Kat massacre. I am wiping out the last survivor as I type.
JJ Watt TOTALLY told me, to tell you, to tell Heller to #letphilplay Honest.
so angry . not in the mood for school tomorrow -.-
still can't get Vanessa to get a Twitter.
Fuck. This is a problem o.o
“: That awkward moment when you fail at being mad at someone because they make you laugh .. (-_-)”
if #jeremylin didn't play in NYC, nobody would know who he is - FACT.
sounds like fun, I like that band but I already told my folks I was going to go see them today. =\
Had a breakthru in my singing lesson today. Thanks to Billy Joel and Jerry Herman and phil hall! I'm officially a mix belter!
#Goodmorning to you sis..I'm great how are you? :D
It's literally enraging. I can't watch five minutes without screaming at the tv. It's unbelievable that it's taken as reality.
lol I'll be back soon!!!
Bored...bout to start dis music flow..
Liking your own status on FB is like a self high-five. I can assume you like what you say without you literally "liking" what you say.
Perfectly fine now fuck yes
Very successful day <3
You too nephew!
Yes!!! The #celtics move on to the next round! #nbaplayoffs Those last minutes of the game were ridiculous.
Bo is spreading antivax propaganda while spreading viruses around the country (in people)
watt is dms
Startisan house party tonight! 10pm. YOU are invited!!
Download "Happy Hours" for iPhone, Android & Blackberry & use it when ur out and about looking for cheap food/drinks! www.gotime.com/mobile
Had a great commercial shoot & just got home from gym... I'm down 4 the nite...
nowhere til five. Went to the other side, which exhibit hall are you nearest? Still 1?
Thank you. (Laughing)
LET'S NOT FORGET to VOTE on APRIL 23rd
Only 1 week left to register online for #sdp2p! www.pathsreg.org
i wish i could text,/:
or I can totally give you the easy version. ;D ...but it still takes like 50 minutes.
Off to to hear and Joyce Maynard in conversation. Sure to be lively!
Sweet! Found you on page 7 though.
You guys i miss him like i miss summer lmao I do thoe i just wanna run up to him and hug him.
Why do graffiti artists rarely take over billboards? This seems like the ideal forum. Subvert marketing. A big public canvas. With lights.
I suppose I did "choose" childlessness, in that I chose not to engage in "unprotected" intercourse with men who wouldn't marry me. Stupid.
The Innovative-e metro UI for #MSPC12 is beautiful! More companies should build sites like this for conferences!
My car slid and decided to diced to give the wall a love tap while going up the on ramp for the west end bridge.
No snowflake ever falls in the wrong place. ~ Zen
Sports Illustrated doing a story on #Aztecs & Coach Fisher. Look for it soon. My title guess: "Who Are These Guys?" Yours? #SDSU FIGHT!
Justin Bieber's lips >>>>
Is #Tebow a sustainable endorser? Are companies signing him now looking for short term returns or do they think he has long range power?
and I have been guilty of it. You get caught up. Your cast is gonna nail it. Can't wait!! Xoxo
#MyPastRelationships we're shit! Cause my Boyf was always judging me!
talking about the importance of great educators right now.
I would be a loyal customer
Art must take reality by surprise.
Incidentally, also what I call my dog when he won't stop barking.
Colorful Knesset Member Einat Wilf will be on the LiAmi Lawrence Show Wednesday 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM Listen In!
Sheryl Crow tells #stagecoach crowd she's making a country album with the help of tonight's headliner Brad Paisley.
Today's Get Energized tip: Keep your freezer temperature set at 0°F.
Big thank you to for catching an .htaccess issue with a site I just transferred over. Appreciate it, man!
that's cool. Thanks again!
RT : #rockies game tonight. 5th row back from first base. could never afford these tickets at a #redsox game.
No not yet on tv!
I Wanna Go To A Grove St. Party!!.
Has been in bed, reading, all day. Terribly unproductive.
please don't ever again let me read the words, "pre-scheduled twitter e-blasts" in a professional context
#NeverShouldYouEver call a girl fat.....
awesome! hope to do it again...
Onward Search PPC Jobs Salary Guide Spotlights Top US Markets for Job Seekers - MarketWatch (press release)
thegirlmakesbanners shop is DOWN for over 16 hours now. Have contacted you twice about this with no word. Please help!
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it
ya dude
That doesn't make sense.
Just scored 98 tickets to the tulane baseball game when we are in NOLA.
I know DAMN WELL you wouldn't have :P don't play girl
Next time you are on #DaBus, look for the placards with the QR codes. I think there is a separate app for android.
#Memberprofilein140: acupuncturist & herbalist Mitch solves health issues from heartburn to back pain, migraines & allergies.
New in Reference Universe: The Encyclopedia of War, 2012 from
Finally got a Pinterest account!!! Be prepared for lots of links...any suggestions for a new "pinner?"
yeah right.. They're never on schedule. Trip should be free if the bus is 15 min or more late..
ok wat happened wit deion sanders???
After the Backus Open House on Sept.11th...Join Team Thomas @ Taft for our Annual Family Day!
#HBO #24-7 ... so good. The best. Excellent - all the way around. Hits the mark on every level.
usually im just having convos with myself saying random things lol.
Thanks to all who came to our Holiday Shopping Event! It was a BLAST! Have a great Holiday! Stay tuned for Grey Line Map events coming soon!
I LOVE NASHVILLE! Wish I could live there.
I'm going to meet someone there and then coming to carpool. UGH.
(also, Cleveland stories placed in nat'l pubs from local group I worked with? Two!)
#ifiruledtheworld no school. whatsoever. no more war. & food & shelter provided for all homeless people. yep.
How can people go thru life with no people skills!
profile photo changed. i no longer wear suits.
When are you going to notice me ? <3
you're so right. If I have to remind myself to buy vodka I probably need more bubble in my life!
Happy easter twitter friends! <3
meet me in the city den cuh! lol
ok. If not, its in the 2200 block of Cascade Rd.
A wife sends her programmer husband to the store, "get bread and if they have eggs get 10." He came home with 10 loaves of bread.
Very alarming fact about the # of BLACK MEN locked up exceeds the # of slaves.
Ok usher has made it a bit better
will you be selling and autographing it at Fresh?
David Gruber at Benelux. Keeping an eye on Twenty years of personal beef has been building.
Soo, I'm actually pretty good at shooting guns. Watch out, zombies.
Oh word? Lesean mccoy is similar to barry sanders?
But but but we have assets & options! Flexibility! Honestly I don't eem know what that means anymore.
What is your favorite part of doing #Pilates? Is it the actual moves? Does it relax you?
We were all wondering what it looks like, and now, here it is! More » Post from: TheGloss
Done. Next vacation is to NY with you! Boom.
Good Morning!!!!!♥
So happy you will be with us another season. CC you on OPENING DAY!
i wanna know lol
Just seen the hottest guy ever and I look disgusting :(
who are we to be emotional? who are we to play with hearts and throw it all away?
Check out www.buywithme.com for some great mattress savings! Or visit Mattrezzz Guys on burnet road for details!
Never got used to the vertical swipe. I feel it works much better on iPad.
Today is our official Beta Launch. Welcome New Members.
We have some great live footage from out set in Pittsburgh last night. Putting together a little video for you guys! Who wants to see this?
Swimmingly. Sent out for new FW port. IDE-compact flash chip ordered. 32GB CF card, FW400-800 cable have arrived
hm..im thinking...Next to you??
Did I really just tell Jerry O'Connell that I wanted to make out with is wife!?!? Yep...
Well said. ": #S4PM TY & all drs who give their all for patient care - how hard you work for us"
Watching supernatural, doing hw, and exfoliating :) i love unadulterated moments
Be classy, not trashy. Starting shit at the mall, HAHA.
Love that my job allows (and encourages!) me to meet interesting new people.
Alright I was always going to donate, but playing the extended version of Jungleland this a.m. sealed the deal.
;) can i have u? Lol thanks sexy
Clippers bench got the win for them today!
I love the visual note taking at #sxsw keynotes -- thanks,
Time is expensive. As a matter of fact, 80 percent of our day is spent on those things or those people that only bring us two percent of our
Have you looked at the 127 things that were considered? That prayer doesn't make the top 127 is very disturbing to me!
Listen 2 Avant My First Love.
There was supposed to be a Selena concert yesterday in Charlotte... What
Never buy a $7 replacement power cord for you laptop on eBay. Also, never own an Acer laptop.
driving is not helping my cause at all!!!
What do you do on these middle of no where trips?
$13 for 1 Scary Ghostly Tour Ticket with Toronto Tour Guys ($26 Value)
I understand winning is now to our detriment but I'd like something to be able to stomach and watch
Well said my friend, well said.
Bartolo Colon is a big boy too.
“: “I’m so glad I got sorted into Hufflepuff!” - Said Nobody Ever.” except
Vikings fans must be miserable, maybe they should watch the human centipede to cheer themselves up!
Had a dispute at home last night. Husband brings flowers today. Husband leaves for fishing trip tomorrow despite graduation deadlines. 3+1=2
can i help?
I've never seen that movie so im still bias...lol but BELLY'S soundtrack would probably beast that one!
It is estimated that a consumer sees 3k-5k brand messages a day
Cleaning in the "morning". I hate finding open beers that are almost full. What. A. Waste.
#ThingsMyMotherSays "how about you make me the sandwich?"
it was good to meet you! Had a blast! Save travels home!
Started a new twitter account. I we'll give it another shot.
Canes wit da brother
I would do nothing. I would relax, I would sit on my ass all day, I would do nothing.
Today would have been a great day for you to be your crazy bitch self ☺
haha I can't promise that lol
It's everywhere. I'm noticing many bogus followers with blank Twitter accounts and meaningless boards (with dubious links).
Enter me into the ATL bracelet comp. Thanks! :)
Thinking of getting it for my 89 year old friend. She loves listening to Books & watching YouTube videos. good choice?
Wish I had never been introduced to the luxury of Egyptian cotton. Now I'm out $100 on a new duvet cover. Damn you Marriott Renaissance Inn!
I need energy!
; road to Oklahoma in the morning. (:
good morning friends
Interview for a CNA job today after I get off work
They still think it's the US Flag
When are you leaving for Nashville?
Jesus Shuttlesworth is Trending. Bad acting should be too
have you seen the david blaine one where he discusses his strategies involved in holding his breath for 17 minutes?
thanks for sharing the content checklist! ^ag
Thank God for hot cinnamon spiced tea tonight.
your dick needs to thicken up
100 day challenge!
maybe if you listened to NPR you'd know how to pronounce behemoth
I do jokes about palm trees and coconuts. I'm a tropical comedian.
And when will u factor in Bron's overall playoff production? I agree Kobe/Wade/Pierce 1st, but not even a mention for bron?
he's never going to win WV anyway.
umm, Yes! is amaze- love her blog. Also kinda obsessed with several others too--
It time to get ready for something better
how was the show? Love the amphitheatre.
Reconnecting w all my #rhetoric nerds at #NCA11 and loving it!
You got the point! I hate Mondays too. Please, can't we just have Fridays and Saturdays? It'd be awesome.
I really think Wright goes in the first round, I just don't have a spot for him if Cleveland passes at 22...very deep WR class
Just woke up its so boring when your on twitter and dont hav friends so please follow me and ill follow u back
So effing tired
Game 2 tonight, Blues need to even the series back up
will you please #follow me!!
Happy National Coffee Day!
Congrats women Aztecs on the big mountain west championship win. Up next. The men! I believe that we will win...
AUTHOR'S NOTE: If you have a stevekingism let me know. All insane rantings will be posted. DM or @ reply
i just followed u
Can someone explain (or link to) why the 4 play-in games all don't lead into 16 seed spots?
#WhenIWasLittle, it was the 80's.
These look more realistic, though admittedly I didn't log in: gk2gk.com sweetongeeks.com nerdpassions.com
good lookin bro. Hope all is well on ur end
glad you enjoyed it! If you get the chance, you should go to Central Park today- its always really pretty during the 1st snowfall
is really really REALLY freaking hot!!!!!! Like omg he is stunning Love him so much <3
#nowplaying kaiser chiefs
"I'm breaking up with Heather Graham because I need my space."
shut up
Hold tight Hoosier Nation it's still anyone's game!
LMFAO, DNT KNOW WHY, iTUNES IS SO COMPLICATED.....SMDH!!!!
Girl Scout Cook orders were distributed to the office today. Yum!
Back at the gym full force this morning. I feel a lot better.
Philadelphia apartment for rent at 27th and South. 2 bed, 2 bath, garage space, laundry, and monthly maid service included. $2100 OBO
Dont take people for granted no matter how much they love u, people get tired eventually
we can offer brownies courtesy of
where you getting wings at fools...lol
call me.....do u want my telephone number ?? ahhahaahahahahahahahahahahhahaha :) i love u :)
thanks for following me - I'm living #aln2011 vicariously through your tweets :) I wish I could be there!
I love Monday morning at work. Getting the little things done to start the week and listening to !
At the ball game. love that my wife called it a full house rather than a full count.
just don't mind the 1st part were they are talking and stuff! i love this song!
thanks! will look at both soon. on my way to skl :-)
Proud to be following , Twitter account of the National Writers Union (UAW). I belong, & value the NWU's efforts for writers.
Thanks for serving at the #Easter Banquet ! You helped us serve 630 men, women and children!
YO COMING UP SEPT. 13TH 21+ THE SHAKEDOWN SUNDAY. FOR MORE INFO PLEASE VISIT MYSPACE.COM/MAGIKENTPROMOTIONS
RT We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. -Aristotle -Excellent advice for new lawyers
joey barton is gully
I sent a tweet to the wrong handle before...
tried including twitter length disclaimer. not saying screw the jace-owning minority, but there's certainly an argument there
Dirty Mike and The Boys. ~DEAD. <3
Me! RT : RT : I think astronauts should teach geography classes, who's with me? CC
Attendees are coming in, 's Flour Bakery has delivered breakfast, and we are ready to rock and roll at the #cleanweb hackathon.
Well hey there Mr Saturday! Didn't notice you there!
Can certainly Have to have Zinksalbe Gegen Pickel Gain Truly ...
Vegas Vacation Seeing as much as we can while hear heading home Friday morning.
sure i messaged it to you on fb.
Putin Sworn In Amid Crackdown - Wall Street Journal
Nice meeting you tonight! Welcome to KC, neighbor.
These days people worry about whos the badass instead of their future
#TheThingsIMiss playing high school football
HE DID, dumbass, hence the student loans!
Getting a suite with my babez and mom and mother in law I really don't care what I freakig wear
Spurs in 5.
My mother is a professional rhino herder.. Lol
A subject for a great poet would be God's boredom after the seventh day of creation.
Today has been awesome, but I really need some dinner and a nap
listening to live stream of
omg ! is that freak ! , nabeyy !
When you feel your body go numb and you just rather not think about anything
Finishing a book is always a little sad. It's odd all of a sudden not to have anymore time w/ the vivid world you just spent so much time in
Roasting about 100 lbs. of pumpkin in the oven (yes, I'm exaggerating!) - we'll be able to make pumpkin muffins and pie all year. :)
After Paul Pierce 3-pt, then in&out on another 3, then OFF REB by KGarnett w/nifty pass to Bass dunk #Celtics 46-27. Pierce with 15pts
#WordPress or #Joomla! -- Developers, which do you prefer to work with?
What must that dinner convo be like? RT: Kate Hudson is sitting next to Colin Powell and Mitch McConnell at
You look really beautiful today bb ;)
SlutWalk Milwaukee is now on Tumblr! Follow us and join in on the discussion: slutwalkmke.tumblr.com
With mother's day and a trip to Madison this weekend, I didn't get much time to read. But it was a great weekend, nonetheless.
BOOK COVER CONTEST! BOOK COVER CONTEST! I will be making an announcement soon!
Alright Mary Ann... Time to fuck your life up with the paper I'm about to write
and I will be there. Looking forward to it!
Nothin to do but knock this work week out, really. Let's go
Watching ancient aliens 3rd season episode 4 aliens and temples of gold. Awesome series, really makes u think about things.
If you could message people on instagram tho..
OH: this is the weirdest party I've ever been to. Me: I told you... Corp lawyers gone wild. Wild?
First casino experience: spent 10, won 13 on the slots, got arrogant, proceeded to lose 13.
What day is it?
o.O 69 followers? yes please
Hey, tried to email you at kw2ideas and got bounced back. You still there?
Last night's game was great. So glad to be back in boston and my home state...and win! Thanks BiGi for the 2 goals! And C.P. for the shutout
this made me happy RT “: My favorite part of Wheel of Fortune is when I discover the contestants faults and destroy them one by one.”
Yes ma'am you do! Let me know what your schedule is like!
How awesome was last night? Daily Mail gives me chills. Andrew Bird + Noel Gallagher also notable performers at
yayayayay :) we're gonna make a rap, cause you know we're the mini Drake's 👍
someone has seriously spiked the blogger juice ;)
If you tell the truth, i tbecomes a part of your past. If you tell a lie, it becomes a part of your future.”
Freezing cold. (Shivers!)
happy easter everyone !!! <3
Yo chill out talkin to my boy like that.
yes the print shop is just few minutes from your place
ahaha! Yup, bought it all! ( btw ate at Hemingway's tonight!)
Ward!! Word!
Overdue but sincere thanks for the RTs, everyone.
Good morning new followers!
i feel sick -_-
Hope to see a great turnout @ Playdate w/ the Bearcats from on Sunday 2/12 2-5pm to support
Love getting snapped at for something that isn't my fault
is it terrible that i never really got into #madmen? love the 60s aesthetic, though!
The worst thing about bad sun burns is that at random moments you just start getting the chills constantly :p
Going to sleep wit plenty of thought on the brain but these thoughts are worth keeping in mind
Follow me on gif boom marcyx3 :) I follow back!!
What restaurant does the amazing Benker work at? (Stalker questionD:) Cause although I'm nowhere near you I wanna know so...
lol i hate it when that happens
I wish people were like money... so you could hold them up to the light to see which ones are real and which ones are fake.
I love Julian and I'm not saying he's not good enough or special enough to dance with the boyz because he is, it just isn't right.
Have fun in Europe! Prayin for ya! :)
J stopped dreaming a long time ago. What I do is real. Always, Always, be confident in what GOD created you to be.
Hey boy,i think i wanna marry you 
Great cartoon of Law Library with computer lab on one side, books w/ "in case of emergency break glass" label on the other.
3,000 plus fans and GROWING! Thank you everyone for all of your love and support!!! ALWAYS BELIEVE!!!!!
well I'm glad you had as much fun as we did. It was good seeing you again.
RT : Happy Opening Day !!
Just called a female agent "Rachel." Her name isn't Rachel.
Meeting at #houseofblues for
People from school think I care if they unfollow me. HAHAH.
#Top10drupa No 7: Five beers a night begins to sound reasonable
you gonna pick me up in FLL on the 7th at 6:30 am??? Please
Nothing makes the return to raw composition sweeter than spending weeks having done nothing but line
: My mug is going to have vampire fangs!
you know out of curiosity i tuned in to the mariner broadcast and its way better than yes
Thanks for the RTs!
scratch that fog rolling in right now! Early...usually waits until 4
Millions of people are out of work because Republicans want one man's job.
Running on 9% battery & idk where the charger is.
Nothing that they've never played before, Identikit!
I could use a 24/7 Five Guys...
(c) And other presidential statues! (: I honestly think you and would love it! (c)
In Music Meeting- Tokyo Police Club “Wait Up (boots of danger)” a bit more early 90’s jangle-alternapop than I was expecting
road trip 😊
Hilarious Rt : I want my last words to be "Hold my beer and watch this shit."
Both of those sound like they can shape your day!
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak may soon announce he is stepping down.
Don Kazel here, hope your feeling better. Take care big guy.
Anytime buddy ..
I think i say golf wang too much. Oh well !
@ pre tailgate party 4 Texans. Let me know u here
step step step *bang*
I'm just trying to be yours .
Thanks for the RT !!
hold the fort me friend, I might be home soon! ;o) <- but I'm only 1 person, will have to recruit -> (cont…
and I can't seem to keep up with it and it's making me CRAZY!
Oh shit, I will take both. When would I need to pickup?
at least you have snacks!
