ahh, I'll be over soon! 
Hoping for a a Pot O' Gold at the end of this rainbow!! Busy Busy Busy!! :)
How old were you when you learned how to french kiss? Kim: 13, Beck: 13, Pat: 26
is that for me 2?
Holy balls, that thunder was loud! Lightning and then a huge boom that scared me and the dog out of bed. completely unexpected.
woohoo! window trim is up, doors are in, moving right along.. just wish others were working outside too
Hard to believe almost this time last week we were heading down to ! We miss our vendors & friends. Happy Fri everyone!
(Oh Stephen King, I love ya, man.)
Yo, Luck.. Welcome to the team!
what other turd? I have 3 twitter accounts. Watch yer self.
I think so too “ bye camilla u kno everything on elease is REAL! now im conviced that camilla is jealous of her”
Welcome to Twitter
pound the alarm!
I might actually succeed in finishing my work if not for you crazy kids.
Thats whats up! RT : wow, just got contacted by a major label who wants us to produce a project for one of their top artists
Can't wait 'til tomorrow. I love Mondays, when I can return to my cyber world with no interruption from mortals.
RULE 1: Mutherfuckers dont care about you and your well being. Always look out for #1. You are the only person who will make sure YOU are ok
Yeah. There's always a hint of condescension in his voice. Never been a fan.
You're so nice I bet your kids could convince you to grade their own on the honor system :)
u made my literary day! ya heard? the sum of the parts is g8r than the whole
Send Your Monster Truck To Flight! With this game you can do it!
#nw living single
Lolol, thought so.
Don't forget LiLLiES also provides full service offsite #catering, as well as a lovely private room for your #parties and get-togethers!
sorry, your tweet is confusing. are you insinuating the value lies in betting on the jazz or the spurs?
Thanks for following me back. I just love your band. <3<3<3<3.
Author C. Dempsey will read from/sign his newly-published sci fi novel The Exiles of The New World on 4/20 at 6:30
Why was rose in the game when the game was won lol, looks like Indiana and Miami are the two favorites now Pacers!!
More seriously not sure where to stand on #Wikileaks admire persistence & cause but concerned less altruistic will abuse its power in future
I don't even understand how you're related to her!
Bonjour TikiDolls, youre in control of your destiny. Put your hottest shoes on and your best foot foward! Today is yours for the taking! (:
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 30
Damn we got some jealous bitches in here lmao
WEMLB (What ever Major Loser Bleh!)
I wish I was still 9 years old. Mainly because that's when I was in a relationship with
so google translate is telling me he said "you're clever i love you" ????????? what
Harper goes first to third on soft single to left. 19 years old. Unreal.
Falling asleep to steady rain and rumbling thunder >>>>
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 22
Me watching melo play defense is like tipper gore watching ichi the killer
K. Dolby, 30, stabbed P. Molina, 17, in Veguita, with a knife. "It is a pointy one." he said. "I sharpen my knives a lot. I don't know why."
It's a BIG day for because she gets to meet her long time online buddy this evening in #Houston !!!
First game of the second round for the spurs. They had 8 days off nshit. Well that's what happens when we be sweeping niggas.
most people don't bc its a small town!
your Amazing,very Handsome and my favourite Actor I LOVE YOU
I knew today was significant-- it's my Dad's birthday! You'd think I'd remember since this is also the day I got baptized in 2000.
I dislike tweets that give play by play of a game. add some value, people! I can see what's happening!
text me?
That's awesome! I have to come check out your church sometime. My friend Dana Motte loves it!
#TBT today don't forget :) <3
YLA 16 is digitally enhanced! If you have a smart phone, please download a QR code reader app. It's free and will give you access to more.
going 2 go finish hw then play basketball. i pulled a muscle recently but that doesn't stop me. i've been playin 4 almost 7 years. i luv it
What details do you want to know about the exhibit?
“: “: ": Nutella is gross" what the hell is wrong with you”shut up" you first”I said shut up" and I didnt
noticed you were at Jade Monkey....follow
thanks for putting it in perspective. :)
Haha. I blame the lazy players. It's a 3 on 3 league and there were a lot of 2 in 0's and 3 in 1's.
Fixing American Education-CNN American Classrooms technology laden: Smartboards and Laptops.
I will, I'm gonna be up all night cramming
Re:Facebook changes-Facebook is becoming as bad as Netflix & George Lucas combined! It was fine the way it was, leave it alone!
How is my favorite Ben? Good day?
So yes, you too can dish out advice that you don't have to take.
give some to me, I use tons of onions.
It does seem like a cruel trick to name a Japanese man's granddaughter "Evelyn"; but then he did name me a name he couldn't pronounce.
Hi! Thanks for the follow! Are you both pursuing careers in the arts?
"I don't think there is a successful social service, except Facebook, that people early on said "this is a sure thing". Agree !
Troubleshooting Minecraft crashes with Google is a hellish nightmare of blurry youtube screencasts with bad music.
I turned my computer. Now it's updating. So slow.
time to face the devils! You ready?
This man Andre is cookin right now
Zonked after heavy bout of returns, shopping, and lunch. But there are worse ways to spend a Saturday afternoon. Thanks !
Happy birthday ! Hanging at McFad's. I have a Bud and some friends, gonna be a great day!
What a speech Pres Obama gave. He is an awesome orator.
If you want happiness for a year, inherit a fortune...
how are we doing this surprise now genius
Ah, akin to changing POV. Interesting take.
I'm not sure people understand why Suggs' ability to set the edge on runs AND rush the passer is so rare. Best in football at that combo.
Follw Back team
PSe Exclusive "The Last Of Us" Looks like uncharted meets left 4 dead
I guess there's always certain fears that never really leave us regardless of all we do to try to alleviate them.
Definitely getting my nails done tomorrow
Sneezing 20 times in a row<<<
“: Aw tell wifey I love her” I will
I am my own nap captain
Never trust a husband too far or a bachelor too near.
You are what you give yourself into
at least the infographic is cool looking.
Thank you for the #ff shout out!
house ima buy. Can't tell you where it is
Me and my man been on this Nintendo 64 though all day
it's a poster, man. A freaking poster. We aren't hanging a banner for it.
Seriously! You are a little slice of heaven for the eyes. :)
oh, always my fault.
I dont like them they like ME
if I was buying a Blackberry tablet I'd need luck. This, not so much.
watching movies with the kids and eating a box of Pretzel M&M's
Your movie was absloutly amazing! You are my role moddel.<3 i cried during your movie & i cant wait to go to your concerts<3
Sure thing. Best of luck!
Have a Super-Sensational Saturday!.....Spread Love
RT : Its so hot! I should he naked!! >> me too!
trying to find Austin's schedule ... (: haha ; planning my day to meet him. My mama finally said yes. <3 hbu?
aye cutie.(; follow us ♥
im falling for u i guess. think it started at the bowling alley yesterday
I swung by yesterday for women's cycling forum (great, btw) and asked this afterwards. Told it's kindof OK as long as I don't eat
Good Morning! I LOVE YOU!
Stop with the "fat talk".Poor self body-image lead to depression & pressure to be thin.
tomorrow I work in the morning, but in the afternoon I'm free.
Luxury portfolio in Santa Fe presenting at our office meeting
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
U act like these guys are the only superstars to join forces and it drives me crazy.
Excited about seeing Tune-Yards show in SB this evening. Will it be amazing? Will it show up in my Race & Performance lecture tomorrow?
Nice to see you on twitter!
I feel like a piece
No 😔 stupid fag lol
dear #madonna. english dick is no excuse for english diction. loves you,
That is a very good article Patti! Thanks for sharing.
I wanna be right where you are...
lent is over. Learn the ways of the 'fam' Mike.
But in hindsight it was so heavily influenced by Devon Townsend that I might as well just listen to fucking Devin Townsend.
shit friday and saturday I gotta be at work 2 early...damn!!!..that's alrite I'll be wit u2 in spirit...
Definitelyy , and it works for all of his songs haha !
Fox 9 in Minneapolis saying it might be another 30 minutes? FUUUUUUUUUUUCK
Great article and photos of our event!
This week's specials: Bangkok Noodles, Chap Chae, Spicy Orange
Thanks for coming out to see us!
I had the opportunity to go to Big Woods Brewery in Nashville, wow..great food and fabulous beer! Loved the Busted Knuckle Beer!
I wish they would put the ripcord Halley's Comet on the shelf.
CNN! 28 for us
We are stoked to have two of our organizers attending next week!!
Thanks for the warning!
;). Although I never claim cheating...just mass conspiracy.
WOW in that "modeling" pic, T-2 is the spitting image of
I believe everyone does 😉 don't you?
#nms30 Checked out #ukedchat for a Euro-perspective. Mostly social, but some digital recommendations.
I think so too - what companies are you expecting the biggest moves from?
Talk about finger snapping toe tapping music; listening to Willie Bobo's "Fried Neckbones and Some Home Fries" track. HOT!!
what a fattie. come over this weekend so i can see him.
no problem? I learned quite a bit from your talk that I hope to put in to use.
Having hard time figuring out who is bigger hater joel pett and cartoon or
Let me know if you have any questions along the way! :)
Contact me!! 7 weeks left to come into Mona Vie for free.Nothing to lose much to gain. Enroll. www.thegreatproduct.com/dougnsonib -douggieb
Tim Gunn and Nina Garcia #otrc And looking FABULOUS!
60 yr-old middle eastern dude beside me on flight listening to The Venga Boys on his iPod.
Well people, today is the day will kill that bill! #SOPA Keep up the pressure on your Congresspeople today.
. OK, keep it down guys. is shooting daggers our way. I don't need any more trouble right now.
Heading out to the bars tonight? Send us your bar tweets via twitter.
You can get a Jalapeno Tuna footlong for $5 OR you can get a 6" Tuna, drink and your choice of side for just $5. #SUBWAY for lunch!
Block the sun (even though it's a bit cloudy), not the fun! Visit the Santa Rosa Medical Center ‘Pit Crew’ after s show!
Follow my new page it got hacked!
I'm pretty sure #Acquia connector / search is brilliant, installed Apache Solr & Facets API today with very few issues.
Chillin with the bros
Beware the barrenness of a busy life. Socrates
keep up the + energy.It's contagious ;)
tell Dr Sha I said hello please.
<3'd the campfire songs on last nights episode!! Future little singers ;) Adorable
Offering free product to Octomom is a risky PR strategy. Very opportunistic & inappropriate. Wrong message for any brand.
There's no salsa tonight! So it's going to be Suzie Homemaker and gym rat for me!
I made cake batter popcorn last night, And my coworker made red velvet cupcakes. Such a balanced diet we have
laying here in a tent.... in my backyard <333 haha oh how I can't wait for summer!!!!!!!(:
Can't believe he just said that...
I have Brooke and Pics will be taken of me during my presentation.
A big THANK U to the beautiful Coo for being the first supporter of my documentary! Thank u Leti, you will be remembered ;-)
According to Utah State is on it's way to the Mountain West Conference.
Driving down Maryland Prkwy these days reminds me of being back home on the dirt roads
All I want is a simple relationship with non-fighting.
haha, that's what I get for talkin & textin
That whole episode was brutal. And they're already having issues!
Awesome. Great start to my summer. This better not be a preview of how it's gonna be...
It would be close. I think we would beat you if Tbone was pitching. He shut down everyone and only pitched against the best.
at school being bored during math in the computer lab.....
Good call!
I can't get my bacon to come out the way it does at the diner.
I've gotten so much done tonight... but I still have so much to do .
I know you're not talking to me! :P
The good news? Found those conference proceedings you were looking for. The bad news? They're on...laser disk.
or maybe it was the bird flu. I don't remember. All I know is that I got really sick, really fast.
- what's the issue at Thomas Dale? My son was a student there last year.
LAUREN:Why do they call it Homework? KAILYNN:Because you work on it. At home. LAUREN:Hey , I never thought of it that way!!!!! :)
what is the matter with h are u sick ??? Like yoyo ONE DIRECTION is the best nigga
The only #World Series played btwn St. Louis' two teams, the Browns (AL) and Cardinals (NL), began today in 1944.
Making me jealous is not cute.
I mean you can ignore me its totally cool.
Ditto! I got the same message from ur account.
Video chatting ! Can't wait to be home and see her :)
Don't make this easy, I want you to mean it.
37 schools are either cancelled or delayed today. Check out wisn.com (I don't remember delays due to cold when I was a kid :)
Yes!! Hey gurrll!!
wish i wasn't so damn far away! Tell Dave to take u to the keys! :)
A thing of beauty and strangeness: my copy of Anne Carson's NOX has arrived (thx to fearless ).
"The fundamental question of social business: "What are you trying to solve for?" -
The only person who knows how Caylee ended up rotting in a swamp is free to live her "Beautiful Life"
Time for a New Avi
There's nothing like being woken up out of a drunken slumber by a floor buffing machine right outside your door.
Hell yeah. Stupid bitch don't know how to leave my fuckin boyfriend alone. You know who I'm talkin bout! Lmao
Wise man.
Join us in Detroit,Mi on June 26th and 27th at Mt Moriah Christian at 6pm 26th & 12845 W Chicago on 27th at 1pm
pretty sure cuse studied some film...
Not a bad crowd, after all, at game. Although I will not guess, since I am summarily awful at such things.
We took our kidz!
Isn't that a great building? My whole family stayed there before my wedding last year and they loved it!
Chris McCray? On the odd timing...
evil teachers !!!
Minnesota Vikings: Drafted Rookies Receive Their New Numbers
Salmon and macaroni and cheese for our late lunch, since we had a late breakfast!
Digster on . Your banner ads are still promoting Mother's day.
He tends to avoid these questions even when she is curious, not accusatory
ah someone is stalking us lol no but mine sounds like someone is trying to brake through my fence
Disco remix of the smiths?
Going home to take Ziggy to animal control. Here's to hoping they're better at finding him a new home than I was!
#Mavs cannot stop Russ/KD #Lakers and #Thunder will be second rd matchup. Should be a good one
Hungry for some donuts dont you ever just crave something whats your sweet cravings? I'm talking food here...
Hiya Haley -- just got back from Old Main!
Kohl said Skiles is one of the best coaches in the league. Excited to come back because we didn't get to playoffs so we're not satisfied
People dont go on twitter alot...
These two finals papers<<<
so awake at 5 am :P
yah u r finally using twitter is this kair or linda
Damn straight Adele!!! You deserve every bit of your success!!!
At the pepsi center ready for some #avs saw manny corpus in the gift shop
When i'm in the pool and I try to do a hair flip like Ariel and i look like a penguin with a neck spasm. ♥
I saw that she follows you! Lucky haha she's awesome, she has a great voice :p
Wondering how many of my tax $$ will be paying for the 440,000 people in immigration custody this year. $95/day/person adds up...
How are navel piercings more socially acceptable than nose rings? It's like, that is a navel; you used to be attached to your mom with that.
Can you ask Will Wheaton to forgive me, he misunderstood Shut your cake hole.
ditto! PS I have a morkie and I'm taking the photo of ur dog you posted to my groomer. Literally need that exact cut on my dog!
RT : perhaps booking a ticket to Really thinking about it. ATL, should I come out? <- Yeah, you should. RT this, ATL!
i hope follows me she is very beautiful and talented :)
"Dream big and Dream Fierce!" great advice from Viola Davis as she accepted her SAG Actor Award for Best Actress.... words to live by!!
How about tomarrow? I think im done on my other one for tonight..(: I want to talk to her for the rest of the night
no, and oh how I wish I had.
These are a few of my favorite things.
Ah good choices! Kelly's or O'Niells
Hahaha wheres my friend bernie madoff when im in need for a get rich quick scheme
Thanks for the RT
#MyPastRelationships Forever Alone.
We are giving away cupcakes! Come to the family stage! 14th and Pennsylvania!
the. One on druid hills and clairmont
hey killer
omg, no haha i'm not like that. I appreciate everyone that tweets me :), thank you <3 you are too!
First tuck in roll with gabes new jeep
i told him 2 check out the yelp app
Can someone please explain to Me what a fucking carburetor is?
Now for Buffy Hamilton!
ur always stealing my lines!
Nothin is Ever as It seems ; like When im Far too tired To Fall asleep
Black toe/nail please go away so I can workout!
Great to hear, thanks Kalie! RT Oh how I love So easy!
I see all the Tebow haters are back on the 4 letter sports network, I guess the tebow honeymoon is over right?Wait 'till the next T"Victory"
What bands should play with on the west coast?
I've run 5Ks and been running at least 1-2 days a week for about 2 years, but never more than like 6 miles at a time
lol. I can see that.
Thanks for the follow.
Woohoo! RT Bald Faced Truth radio show broadcasts live today from Chiles Center 3-6 pm 95.5 FM, prior to Pilots-USF game
all i had to do was retweet a tweet :]
Got to see my family today!!!! I really miss them and if it wasn't for school I would be there
doodle with your toes...in the sand!
you need to Follow for 100 new followers
LOL! ": Me and the new Mike Lowery and Marcus Graham. Ladies, respect is, and respect us. Sleep w/ us if you must!"
Joe Paterno may not be the only reputation going down in flames tonight
can't say nothin back you unfollowed
you are so much better and drawing on that game than me! Tell me your secret! Your lobster was so cute haha!
#astd10 human beings have always been social learners. All that's new is the enabling, extending, enhancing technologies.
#Don'tcallmeif ur juss gonna get mad 4 nothing nd start bitching like seriously bro don't
I have the worst head cold today, but works gotta be done
nice wheels, saving the mini van for Andrew?
I'm such a pack rat when it comes to anything my Grandma and Grandpa have given me. :(
Sick of people giving me attitude for no reason.. fucking idiots.
"hey guys, JC Caylen here um i just wanted to make a quick video to tell you that to smile, cause um youre beautiful. " <3
I'm sitting in front of you.
In '08-'09 San Diego saw declines in juvenile arrests in every offense category EXCEPT status offenses - NOT crimes if committed by adults.
Hello Hello TikiDolls! The sun is shining in Miami! But where ever you are, don't let the weather determine your productivity! (:
despite what you may think, i am not in a dance crew
NO NO I'M SORRY :(
im addicted to tetris!
there was no Hashtag in that last one..
#Facebook is starting to get too much spam, especially with those pictures that you are supposed to like.
This is why I love Nadal... dude is the ultimate warrior
When does Bautista's contract expire with Toronto? He would be an awesome addition to this Twins team, if for the home games alone.
dude yeah! It really is
Hate being up so early. I just wanna sleep
“#thingsisaidinthe90s "bubblegum bubblegum in a dish, how many pieces do you wish!"” haha
I hope you had a nice day and hope you find something good for dinner. :)
just ordered a new guitar, an les paul traditional pro in wine red, cant wait to play it!
was thinking earlier that this was the kind of match that last year Fed would have lost.
Nothing is written, everything is re-written.
hey how much for a new haircut? lol me n need it
Good night all! Thank you and all you wonderful ladies! Have a great night
i wonder how would look in a bandana :D random thought
yea cool
#postseason #Brewers will have #BeastMode tonight, because #RallySquirrel is on their side!
Who would you guys like to see on a Super Rad Show?
It was already rejecting! But I was in my pilates class and laying down on the pillow & I had to turn and I felt it rip out :(
- please don't do anything more to make 's head any bigger #wishful :)
Friday off. So my weekend starts right about now.
had some great meetings yesterday about volume 2 excited to start recording soon...
Passions tonight? M sounds like a plan 😍
Its funny how I'm good at giving advice to others, but when it comes to myself, I dont know what to do.
Bwi to pdx 4 a weekend reunion with um si and wmu ladies. Stock up on the red wine portland.
las vegas
i just love :'D
and remarkably my PS3 is working within 7 minutes of my tweet. if this is you anonymous, i'm glad you're not an enemy of mine.
#barves has been around for awhile - couple seasons now. Why is it just getting noticed?
PSU situation reminds me of that old saying; "Absolute power corrupts absolutely." Especially as they play Ohio State today.
Relaxing after a great day of climbing. Motivated to get back in the game!
after a full but fun wkend of M-Day activities, it's back to the craziness that is our spring schedule. Plates are in the air & spinning
dc had a kickball team that won the title last year. That counts..right?
Sure! I was going to bring some back for my office stash. Do you have a particular brand you like? :)
What is more valuable - viewing games that leagues create or creating and managing these games as a captain?
you should be able to know who's flagging/trying to delete your posts/ads on CraigsList.
HAHA oh dude, I feel so sorry for you man. Hey it could be worse, you could be coding a static site in Portuguese...lmao
Jay-Z and 50 Cent both released addictive Facebook games earlier this week...Rapper Zynga has yet to comment on the upcoming beef.
Big difference between winning home games in February and pulling out scissors.
it's ,not hope. And it's ,not heel
NEW LOCATION: Lady Dolla Birthday/MTSU Homecoming TAILGATE PARTY on Middle Tennessee & Bell St behind the JUB! NOW! ***
hello, my screen shows that we are following you? Let me know if I need to delete and follow again. thanks for the message:-)
Birthday dinner tonight - Nitty Gritty with the Fam.
I didn't notice that until now. Fuck it
Fewer than I had hoped. I was unable to get away. Bill Lack will be there; only one I know for sure. I'll be at the next one.
Well it ain't that I'm crazy baby, I'm just outta my head.
Good Luck In your featherweight debut...im sure you'll be at the top of that division..
Very cool and creative! Must have taken some time, too. cc
Why didn't we let them secede again?
i just laughed out loud. lol
AGREE! RT : Tweet silence. No comment. Bleep. #oldschool and looking for remote control.
Any baseball fans out there? Opening Day is just around the corner...
I wanna see it... Hah what is it of?? Send me a picture!
Hopefully they got it running again, or at least could give a good report about what is wrong with it.
Woot! I was hoping you'd catch that!
Grant just asked me to turn up "Another One Bites the Dust".
i cant log in it forgot the password
Reading the autobiography of Robert M. Lafollette. How we need a man like him in these troubled times.
wow it is difficult promoting my guests day in and day out ... but they have such great info for others... still it takes a lot out of me
oh, I hear ya there. My first time against it was a gamebreaker for me. I grinded through the missions again and overpowered it!
... fixed it ... file needed the ".gdiagramstyle" extension .. not sure if it's on my end or something with the downloadable...
Great. I look forward to reading it. Signed up to get notified when the ebook is available.
Preventing Manufacturing Downtime: Survey Results and Best Practices - IndustryWeek
Wtf.. 42 cops are in the office
GREAT DAY FIRST PLACE in home dance FIRST PLACE in extreme routine SECOND PLACE in cheer ALL IN FRESHMAN DIVISION
u r moving? I didn't know that. Hav been swamped @ wrk.
Chairs are an awful awful invention. Can I get them banned?
What are the top three music cities in the US?
So true! Being from Illinois, we know sweet corn only tastes right on hot summer days when you know it came from a farm stand!
Not tryna be ignorant but how do girls in full hijabs that cover half their face, recognize each other?
I have to he best dad ever .
jus came from the golden corral.. dont do anything this weekend
": I think I need to hit the gym... #fitness" =My Life #iWorkOut :-P
no ma'am. I assume you mean Rhino Media out of Pennsylvania. #blogchat Is that right?
sunglasses, check! SPF, check! Yoga mat, check! Ugh maybe I should've bought a sombrero!
It's a #fishtacos kind of day, dontcha think?
An enhancer gives slate a deeper, richer, color.
If you want your life changed, unplug the internet!
im out but it was E5
Vista Comm Clinic rep says its important to take prevention message to social media sites - where kids are already talking to each other.
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :)6
I would love to know where "The Id" is also... did a very cursory Google search with no obvious results.
I don't think that came out right.
MI GURL JUST CALLED ME N TOLD ME SGE DEEP THROUTED FOR THIS FIRST TIME WTF HAHA
thank you - love the train - pretty in CT :) is that where you are ?
On a scale of fun, 1=worst, 10=best, the level of fun right now is totes 18. (At Least an 18). Make change indeed. :--D
Learning how to use my new Kindle - thanks for sharing your new book!
Yeah, that too. Classic case of two many toys and too little time. I still need to replace the winch cable that I snapped.
No matter how ugly, lousy or stupid you look, there�s always a person who wouldn�t care how you look because they want you to be you.
Any good tools out there for mapping Sprites? I am on a Mac
Sweet! I need some group energy to get me back in the saddle.
Patient: The problem is that obesity runs in our family. Doctor: No, the problem is that no one runs in your family.
I'm at Runway Boutique for another hour, come & say hi! 807 N. La Brea
The posers are running wild today
Crackheads fighting on tremont street. Its all fun and games until someone loses a rock.
I love listening to music i just wish I could hang out with the singer or singers :-)
I have a big ass knot in my neck muscle. It fucking hurt. Im pissed.
Headin to the liquor store wen we leave here.....we turnin up today
now THAT i want to see.
I really liked tonight. In my book, there aren't many things that a greater than staying up until 5 talking with friends.
Female Developers overview was overlooked...Due to time? Missing good stuff!
Another awesome workout with Kirsten this morning, ensuring a strong Thursday start. Love having a solid team & training partner!
the Chicago Bears are hurt by your lack of respect for them!!
lmao no I would've definitely replied to them! Which ones do you have?
Family ? Lmao right . What a Birthday weekend.
Catch me live as the Boomer/Old school humor invades the Tempe, AZ Improv May 12-15
RT : The Best Albuquerque Restaurant Now Serves the Best Albuquerque Beer: Get Green Marble IPA with your Green Chile at...
hit me up:)
Awesome app! RT : Hanging out with developing apps and mashups at
I'm already planning the curriculum for our Twittorial. We have a lot of material to cover. Marty will have to wait.
The Mets and Yankees are off tonight. I will watch Rangers hockey when I get home tonight. The Playoffs just go on and on.
you should just get up and turn up the volume on the TV then shoot a mean look at the karaoke singer
FOLLOWBACK =) YOUR TURN ♥
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME!
should be, but probably won't be. I'm always surprised they're not included in 100 greatest band lists. Underrated and overlooked.
Day of JD (Jury Duty).
ehh not so good. more like levitt than beckham.
Harry Potter fans visit magical world of Hogwarts as film studio opens: Thousands of Harry Potter fans queue to ..
Just in case you were wondering, spending the night in the Baltimore airport is NOT fun. Even if filming a tv show is in progress..
// after the feature, it's official that your house is equally as cute as you!
I love it when im right in math :) In your face Jackie :p
. Does anyone needed tickets for Saturday and Monday's olympic qualifiers?
Is there anything better than All You Can Eat Wings Night at The Lube? We think not.
What we call the secret of happiness is no more a secret than our willingness to choose life
RT : Having a blast with my brother, sister in law, and cousins watching the Mavericks!!!
Tax the Rich, Feed the Poor, Stop the War
lemme eat it!
The idea that the Nuggets match up better with OKC is silly. OKC would have swept them.
But it's alright because I love the way you lie... Love the way you lie...
Haha right? Poor guy lmao RT : loved that Tebow love bounty piece. all the NY/NJ girls are meeting up to form a plan of attack
Now in DH little magazines panel.
Deep and lasting love is unconditional, expansive and ever giving. Like the light of the Sun which always shines. Happy Loving-kindness day.
That man BAD!!
oh ok. & maybe he was 2 shy or something 2 ask u out
Lol, Camilla is a bad bitch!
Good game
please follow me Niall's beautiful mother! :))
You're not ur past. You're a limitless future.
Kelly Clarkson is a good singer sometimes I never even think about listening to her and then when I do I think she is
I'm just loving it. I love the lack of sarcasm and eye rolling and snarkiness... yet it's still very smart.
Done! Best Wishes,
that is a very reasonable question especially w/Guti coming back in June.
Happy International Women's Day!
And you could have it all, My empire of dirt
Being in Love is the best! When both parties feel the same.
No experience in your life is ever wasted or in vain if you give all your cares to the Lord. - via Joyce Meyers!
Tweet me your instagram name.
Sometimes I enjoy the cool sensation of an untouched pillowcase and sometimes I'm grossed out b/c I know it's drool that cooled the cloth.
watching "the ten commandments" on my cell phone. Pious or sacreligious?
and thanks back at ya for the #FF mention.
RT #FreeCupFriday! RT this message and be entered to win a set of "New Moon" collectors cups from Cinemaworld in Melbourne!
Well, maybe April showers bring May showers? Hmm...
Strategic, open-ended teams in museums resemble project mgmt structures, without the project to realize. Everyday collaboration.
move. now. #yourneverleaving .........
alright alright if its more or around 7 then you win. Yeah, I'm pretty good at catching people just being cocky. Mostly because
thats the plan.
had fun tonight! Nice seeing you !
Van 1 on the road to start our last rotation. Neil Young blaring on the radio.
nothing much
haha night boo! :-*
happy birthday!
that would be my guess, and if anything valet is a net benefit b/c suburbanites don't have to worry about finding parking
I really don't care for her anymore. She is a selfish whore.
- No worries! Topic is #Jewelry doll! #TrendsTues! xox
Wish Granted.
Tennessee/georgia border = breakfast
From now on I will only communicate on Facebook in "likes"
Loved you in consert in Fairfax,VA this past weekend!!!! Best night of my life!! But I wanted #Supernatrual ;)
dude everytime i think about spanish class freshmen year with holmquist i think about you...you were too funny
I like Frommer's because it focuses on more unique places. I check Trip Advisor to see what people say about hotels and restaurants.
I have a website if you still looking for beats!!
I don't make Japanese curry. But look at just bento (blog) maybe?
US manufacturing indicates economic growth of 4% whilst Euro ...
This is correct. Sorry for any confusion. RT : #builtheritage chat is next wednesday, i am told. just an fyi. :)
...and entering into #WHM has been a true adventure too. Im not sure I get exactly HOW #R is 'celebrating' women. crap
Mad it took till the 4th game to pick up a W but it's better then the 7th like last year.
#Bartab is having #FREE #drink sends tomorrow from 12pm-5pm! Go sending crazy!
Not me
oh bull that was one time!
if i'm going down you're all going down with me
yeah. I used Turbo for the first time this year - previously used Tax Act. But Turbo was 3x the cost of Tax Act.
hahaha. Yes you are!!
cause sg is lame haha :-p
a son wats good, i know you aint cut us off ova this lil blu shyt..... this shyt dnt got nothin to do wit me slim hit me asap
Who's watching hurricane season on BET??
really, cause when i click her account it keeps saying that :(
I hate that dehydrated feeling
the point in the semester where I go to class to distract myself from reading
Your dignity smells nice.
Love your Massiveness this year. And to think you started with just the #NUFC match...
WHY WOULD YOU THINK SINGING, LET ALONE SINGING LIKE A 1930S RECORDING, IS APPROPRIATE IN A COFFEE SHOP?
my friends asked me what i wanted for my birthday. i told them i wanted :p :p
I just noticed that my mom at work
This 2 shall pass
Do you think it could actually happen? The very idea just seems unthinkable.
May God Bless & take care of them all!
what was it? My money is on girl....
Loved that everyone brought their puppies to the EBA office today!
Stat of the day - Randy Wolf 5-0 in his last 6 starts.
Good cause i cant sleep lol! What are you up too?
Evening Ashley .. Are U Ready For the Game #3 Tonight? How was your day?
RT : will everything be on sale..... // well we can't give everything away now can we?
ALCOHOL: because no great story ever starts with "someone eating a salad...."
It's funny how much things can change in a few days
"Hey can I borrow a pencil?" "Yeah, but it doesn't have an eraser" "Life doesn't have an eraser" "That was deep.."
Healthcare providers with workflow that include 'taking checks to bank' or 'tallying credit card swipes'- we can automate it all
I used to pop in #AnimalTracks on , but I'm realizing can have cuter pics. :)
Scanner Monitor: I-70 and 6th medical call driver in seizure drove off the ramp. Watch for emergency vehicles.
Contemporary Staffing Solutions is now a happy to be part of SHRM National and SHRM Jacksonville. www.contemporarystaffing.com
If he makes it to the final, I figure the knee is OK. In that case, I pick Rafa to break the Djoker losing streak.
I am so tried and stressed out~BAMM.
Cinco De Mayo Special: Shot of Hacienda Chihuahua de Reposado $4.5 (while supplies last). Bottle of Dos Equis and a shot of tequila $5.50.
I'm actually frightened
Two people i miss the most and You guys are always there for me! I really love and miss you guys. #Loveyouguys
Normal person flirting: Hey sexy Me flirting: If you were a carrot.....you'd be a good carrot.
it was good seeing you :). Bonus points for the Madame X order!
RT : u kno it bro.. done dat now... only herbs now · proud of you my twigga
RT When I see a pile of sh*t.
just watched lucky one with and I am madly in love once again! thank you
It's doing really well. No bad seats for this show. We'd be happy to help!
So who's watchin
Waving at you, Joy K. passing Tri-cities...TN mid AM
My family is the Abdallah family from Beir Nabala, West Bank, #Palestine. I will make oil from the fruit of our olive trees one day.
Turn to Stone my fave song.
Get in. RT : Who's a genius, gritty, crazy film maker in NYC? We need to make some music videos
any update on the status of the concert tonight?
wth Are you talking about! I hate lady gaga! I dont care what you say or anybody else!!!!
but a cat lives 9 times.....
grow up
where are you and WTF are you doing now??
like... whatever
That was an odd ending to the game in Philly. But I love the outcome - win 5th straight!
A belated thanks for the #FF and thanks for including us!
Thanks! I'm so glad you like it! Finding the right products takes time. Believe me, I know. I'm sure you will figure it out! :)
thank you! Hope to see you soon!
This is the part of me, that you're never ever gonna take away from me
that is the truth! Either find happiness or move on!!
Concert today, very excited :)
Each man should frame life so that at some future hour fact and his dreaming meet. ~ Victor Hugo
TBL 5 stars of linked data: * Make your stuff available on web ** make it available as structured data (eg. excel instead of scan)
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTINN
Full of shit so early in the morning.
I've been thinkin the same thing lately, hook it up then! Lol!
I'm singing this Sunday at M Bar. 7pm. Reservations: 323-856-0036. Are you coming? :)
Nate sounds professional on the radio
Stop it.
The lines Buildin Up!! #TAKEOVER Is about to Begin!! NO COVER CHARGE all nite! THE Sunday Nite place to be! See you here!
I'm ready for a party!
#IfSheCant make the toppy sloppy - she's just another bogus head giver
#FacebookTimeline is officially rolling out to the general public! Have you received an invite yet?
Don't Like Her Hoe Ass .
When you tell someone something and they say "I'll pray for you"... I wonder how many people ACTUALLY do??
"Give me some" is all I hear. Only if I was petty I'll leave ya for dead but it's the God in me that holds me down.
Join me Baby J & for the Coors Light Tejano Spring Fest 2012 at St Jude Catholic Church - W Commerce & Gen McMullen! Elida & Stampede
You're gonna regret you left me.
WOW-----____-----Cassidy is in our TA Air BAnd Challenge!
definitely let us know about future events as well! Of course this would be the first time we aren't #anonymous! :)
Well said, Mr. Michael. ;-)
"Dumb it down and round up" -Kevin Doohan
I would've been especially disappointed if a flight to Bostonvia was canceled; it would be so hard to book in the first place.
Thanks for the follow!
I know come run some aloe Vera on my back :-I
Maybe cause he plays no matter what, nose splashed across his face, broken thumb, high ankle, RESPECT IT
Forest Park dictating how this game will b played early vs Potomac. Stalled to bring potomac out of man to man
Well cause I'm going to Saturday market with Dakota & her bb. Rollin joints & sittin at the waterfront?
I'm not a star somebody lied
Stop, where did you buy this?
I full on melted to pieces the other night....cried for like 3 hours. f the visa. ya know!?
FREE Killer Menu Tasting at midnight . Who else is in? :) RT : Anyone else going to at midnight?
We love Nancy Wilson !!
Happy birthday to yo ,happy birthday to you , happt birthday mother monster happy birthday to you i love you
RT : You know what I love? Buttons. What, does everything I write have to be so damn clever?
lucky! I want to go soo bad:(
So, why does turning convo to politics make everyone digress into the intellect and logic of a 5 year old?
At the vinyl frontier panel! Hope they talk about some #vinylmation!!
Cool! Thanks! RT : Red Tails ustream got moved to 5:30pm now. I don't want to miss it :-)
Congrats and welcome to the neighborhood!
“When you’re a kid, they tell you it’s all… Grow up, get a job, get married, get a house, have a kid, and that’s it. But the truth is, (1)
Sometime our blessings in life come early .. sometimes they come late.. but there always on time...
Patriots or Giants?
My mom litsens to the gayest music EVER! Ima call it suckfest on ice
Bears were regarded as ritual kin, kept in pens inside family homes for several years, culminating in a carnivalesque bear festival...
There is a lovely article in the Metro today. Thank you to Jaime Lutz
Anybody dating?
#NataliePortman rapping has more #StreetCred than anything will ever have.
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent
it's all on soundcloud, which I have been listening to all day. It's really great, no?
thank you!!! Do you have an #iPhone?
Wow... Missed one day an got so much make up work not gonna do it tho
The music don't feel so loud when the windows are down <3 (;
I just uploaded some new fantastic jewelry! www.dirtyslaundry.etsy.com FREE SHIPPING/DELIVERY IN RENO!
had my first blissage75 and triple oxy facial today! I'm. In. Heaven.
20% off celeb fragrances and 50% off select goodies at Perfumania. Good time to try something new!
Bottom 5 in almost every category having to do with HITTING. Just standing at plate & taking BBs doesnt win games.
Anyone know of a good scanner that works well with Mac OS? I am so tired of my current setup.
got a hamster to use in shows.
Beautiful Thursday night... Delight us with your company ... Have a great puccia everybody!!
I do not want you to get raped at this time of night!
Am I the only 1 that still feel drunk
I ain't even lying 😉
gonna go to sleep! tweet me ideas i can do for this page like imagines GTS anything like that! thanks guys :) -Melanie
you mean the grass.. um.. the nuts are always nuttier on the other side..?
Wheels up to Atlanta. Ft lauderdale bound
Hi Andrew! Anyway we could chat via email or phone? I have a great new idea I'd like your opinion/write-up on..LMK, thanks!
Man I wish #ArizonaWildcats was playing in the #NCAA tournament but they probably would of lost in the first round like last night ugh.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours 35
Don't be an outcast, get the new Agora Forte album! Available on iTunes, Amazon and more.
This Food Contains 100 TIMES More Probiotics than a Supplement: If you've never eaten fermented foods before, too large a portion may...
Is it ok for a man to have home girls if he is dating a new girl? Do you think he has had sex with his home girls? Is it disrespecful?
Shut up, the Bears actually have a player now who can catch the ball?
As I call it a day here, I'm praying that God uses , & the rest of the India team right now in a big way
Confession #6: I'm single, and I love it.(:
"I'm like a bird i wanna fly away!!!!" love this song Baha
Just walked through a spider web. Hello spring!
Hahaha it was close! I feared him entering the inning
: Of course, there's a good AND a bad kinda crazy. Go with the good...
Thank you for being bold and brave. You didn't have to do it. I'm sure the GOP wasn't counting on the gay vote. GOP take notes.
Thanks a million, Juan!
How is it that your back pockets touch? Smh
So excited for your Game App I learned about at #aam2012 to come out. I want to work with the lines & colors!!
I really don't feel good.
Im always Rollin at bill cosbys face when alvin messes up wit Sandra lmao
The weekend went by too fast, but it was fun. Spent it with thee boys. #funnyguys #scrubs # drunks
you have turbo a bath?
hey mike it is ChloefanAlways i have a new account my other i deleted follow me on this 1 ok follow me whrn you get this.
jack is looking money! Like always! You too Maria!!!
it's all about pittsburgh music if you disagree SHOOT YASELF
Good morning :-] back to writing essays :-(
Gotta be home by 8? What kind of bullshit is that dad? Am I 12?
Goodnight texts <33
Some people just arent nice at all!! They act like theyve never talked to someone they havent met before!
Merry Christmas
can I be Thomas's girlfriend? C:
good now you have to put at the end of all your tweets and tell all your friends to do the same
And here we go.
alvin & the chipmunks was so cute!!!I live theodore!!!!
stupid kids.
The Truth why Former Jewish Zionist Mayor Koch and the Orthodox Jews Won the Seat in District 9 is that They Hate Palestine and Muslims!
You're so perfect omg.(': <3
that would be a somewhat shortened version for those with ADD
Maria & Derek up after the break! woot!
whistler rocks. Also check out barrelhouse flat, in Lincoln Park, and Curio if Ryan is working.
It's not worth it to call someone names or call them out on their bad decisions. it wont make you any better at anything.
Tours are booking up fast for this wknd. 5 booked on Sat-some avail's left & pretty open on Sunday Funday, grab the Groupon & book a tour!
follow hashtag #DMSWOSU for the Digital Media in a Social World conference, forgot to include that.
ireland v USA "live-ish" on ABC....Ireland, Ireland together standing tall..
G.M.N.I.: *looks in the mirror*...Why are you afraid of me?
Scary good. That Astros team had Nolan Ryan and John Rodney. Health issues way too early.
Merry Christmas!
okay, how do I do "it?"
hey Lee thank u very much,i really appreciate it
We keep getting lucky, Denver...it's another fabulous patio day and we have $5 pitchers of red or white sangria!!
Banged out a new VO demo reel
I just entered my first A records in DNS. (Getting custom domain mapping set up for LibCal and LibAnswers.)
Hulk smash me in my mouth with your mouth. KISS ME. LOL I love her XD
I'm proud of you
Join HIP HOP STAR TONIGHT at for the COLORAZZI 3 year Anniversary Party w/ B-Day Boy !
Also joining us tonight at are and !! 11pm free show!
I did find out I weigh 138...not too happy about that.
LOL Isn't that a great quote? Thanks for the RT, Kat :-)
All you need is Love, Jk.. Oxygen helps too!"
Peep this!!!! WEAR RED TODAY IN SUPPORT OF WARNESS OF HEART DISEASE!!<3 HAPPY Friday by the wayy(:
um 14 but my birthday is in 2 weeks AND YES I KNOW I AM REALLY YOUNG but I don't look like it. How about you?
TX Home & Garden Market opens THIS Friday @ 2pm - Reliant Center. Attendees receive a "goodie bag" at entry full of Coupons, Prizes & more!
Big thanks to you too John! RT : Thank you for following!
Be safety conscious. 80% of people are caused by accidents.
#dsoc you can also search.twitter.com using #slaleads for tweets from the mtg
i don't say this often, but damn it feels good to clean the day away.
I must sound like a total n00b to European folks, but I'm losing my mind over here, over Spotify streamed to AppleTV over AirPlay. Cripes.
#ucrADPchat RT : Role plays/mock interviews are great - but prep yourself! Outline strengths , accomplishments, goals and WHY
that's wassup ": cool, I got two , I'm suppose to be getting my sleeve this summer"
When did Kirk Cameron become a bigot?
Make sure to get out and follow which is the new name for they had to change their name. Same gr8 food!
Yeah, but that doesn't matter much. Still getting on base as much as AmRam. BABIP will regress to mean.
he looks so happy with a yard
New south park tonight. I like it.
Bad headache = Angry mood.
I know I should feel bad but I just feel relieved.
Last day of CMA Fest for us...more shows at Wildhorse, Cadillac Ranch & Hard Rock Stage. Come by our booth at Hard Rock and say hi!
Working more on Hide and Seek.
Well played sir, well played. I take solace from Maya Angelou: While one may encounter many defeats, one must not be defeated
I think I'm already in summer mode, tbh.
she pulled them down, yes lol violated T_T
happy easter Austin :D
I just want to say I send all my friends messages in event invites. So they are not party invites. And trust.If I write you its worth it! TY
and are so cute :) and yes the Disneyland corndogs are so good!
yo are you gonna be at the gamejam this weekend? And if so, is everyone hanging in a centralized location?
Silly Sara, cupcakes go in your mouth! (Right, Shelley? That's where they go, right?)
Always make sure the bearing. The world does not lie on your shoulders, it lies at your feet.
Just won't conform to the Mariners' code!
MorningJoke: Son: Mom why is my cousin names Diamond? Mom: Cause your aunt loves diamonds. Son: What about me!? Mom: Enough questions Dicky!
What order would you put these in? a. Food quality b. protein c. Calories
": Im done fighting for you... if you cant realize by now... then its no point"
Please stop being loud and obnoxious....you're not being funny. Just annoying.
Wow. Thank you, Crystal. That's really nice of you to say. Hope you're doing great, Ma'am.
FACT OF LIGHT: We must always find a way to be kind to unkind people - - - because they need it the most...
See you in Tampa!
The original H. NWO 4 life
Fritz Lang anti-Nazi marathon ended partway through Hangmen Also Die with my falling asleep, in my clothes, on a pile of clothes.
text me!
been a fan of yours since Let Me Blow Ya Mind in '01, continue to hold strong and keep the faith. You're 1 of my favs!
A big shout out to University HS!
ruhroh mate;another broken viewer synergy here Mek? U just announce c facebook bout new psn store probs? not found? thx
thanks lady!! I'll check Zagat out.
where is Wendy on here?
Really! I was actually thinking about using that brand next! Thanks!
“: hahahah! YES! I'm an extra giant in this photo” I never know what to do in those situations
so are my tears
Or a fan favorite...BRAISED SHORT RIB, Goat cheese mash, baby carrots, natural jus
If you are still in Miami was seeing if anyone of his fans were out tonight.
Are you adept at chopsticks? Try it out. They help you to eat slower, which allows you to feel fuller, more quickly.
TRUTH RT “: I should know better than to fall for your type.” why did god make ass holes so. damn. attractive??
still fighting for you
“: Sometimes just listening to Tame Impala makes me feel high." They're amazing, can't wait for the new album!
oh I didn't know that. I am showing my love. For the Celtics.
so I missed you on Tennessee mornings yesterday. My niece was being born. But hey now I can teach her to be a fan of yours(:
Just heard the MVP chant from the crowd on the Cardinals broadcast. They are in Pheonix tonight.
please god tell me that's a joke
great job bro!
I'll be blasting Beastie's on the way home from #TheLighthouseJukebox. #RIPMCA. You'll be missed deeply by many.
Ha!! My grandma in Waycross, GA used to say, "I'm gonna cut yo liver, I'mo cut the blood!"
The football eye candy..good. gawwwwwd
“: Zach sound like he ate a bowl of nails for breakfast... with no milk. lmao” lmao!!!!!!
Thanks for RTs, follows, and the like
ditto! Rooting from san diego!
Please pray for my recovery from bronchitis and good health for my family. Need health insurance, work. Paying dr visit & meds=$$.
awesome seeing you! safe travels!
Amazing opening ceremonies & key note...now for the first round of breakout sessions. Yeah!!! # shrmnm2012
I know like geez! Hahahaha
boston i love u!!!!! ur my home! can't wait till the parade! im wicked stoked!!!!! proud bostonian! :D
Welcome to all of our new followers! Thanks and spread the word! It's a great day for coffee, everybody!
Harry Potter - if you haven't read the book it wont make much sense and if you have read the book stay home - it's disappointing VERY
i wanted to go to that - DAMN work no M83 for ME
:) I dunno, did I? xD kekeke
you never asked me...
To all radio djs maybe its time to stop playing party rock anthem on constant repeat
No Mercy still great though RT : The worst Ti albums are No Mercy then Ti Vs Tip cus something got to be the worst
Happy Black Friday Pittsburgh! Our deals today: Free Dermalogica gift with purchase & buy a Premier Salon $100 gift certificate for $85!
as the motto says: "Find your strong". Have a good run.
This scares me.....and I'm not afraid of anything.
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
"learn a shocking discovery"? FUCK YOU, HULU DESCRIPTION OF COUGAR TOWN.
If a girl has a wall up, it’s because it was built.. brick by brick, lie after lie and heartbreak after heartbreak.
What’s your favorite #restaurant in #DaytonaBeach?
Where the f has been all my life?!
Imma bouta go H.A.M hard as a mf let these niggas know who i am.
I just got pulled over by a LAPD motorcycle cop. They just hating.
Waking up in the morning is the hardest part of my day
and we hope you change your mind at some point in time!!!! We will start the morning off with Polynesian music as always!!!
All 3 U.S. indexes end week with gains on strong corporate results. #Dow adds 1.5%. #Nasdaq rises 2.3%, S&P up 1.8%
get fucked up on this beautiful Nebraska day. You swimming today?
The wife just sent me a text that she is going to Target to pick up A Single Man
midnight following spree?? :)
#6ShotsRadio w & COMING SOON!
Angel Erica and Angel mom Samantha did a great job educating the press
Sorry about that last tweet. Logged in to the wrong account!
Is something going on with Verizon in #Columbus ? Phone is acting up bad pissing me off
What a beatiful sunrise...I love spring
Yea, I believe it's called Mud Bug
nah I haven't checked! I just quickly glanced at the line up ._.
I need Brantly and Bryan time...Then some Donna time...but we will worry about that later;)
And they just offered 2 scholarships for 2013--I am impressed!
Now I think I figured out how to merge them together post on multi pages at the same time
2012 Golden Globe Awards Red Carpet Arrivals: Brad Pitt & Angelina Jolie, Madonna, Paula Patton, Morgan Freeman, Ricky Gervais -
Up thinking....like always
Don't you just hate seeing that
2nite it's ZUMBA w/Marie @ 6pm.Then off 2 Appletini's, 2 burn up the dance floor!!! So if ur looking 4 something 2 do, come out & JOIN US!!
yeah I even got a picture:D
If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.-- Peace Pilgrim
Worst news ever.
#ireallymiss the way it used to be when I had you there. </3
I can't wait. I've loved the incredible hulk since i was 5.
We can't wait for Monday... Anybody know why? #ChevyGirls #chevyfun (giggling)
Great app idea! An app that will delete all the screen captures my kids take on my iPhone and iPad. I never should have taught them how!
shout outs to rico love new artist cherlise groundzero went to her listening party last night had a blast ago with fat joe and the rest .
How do you stay ahead of the crowd in Research? Be Proactive and increase your niche. Brainstorm with others in the field.
You're here?
adorable! must have asap
why does michael jackson have a twitter..?
#WHSummit at great discussion on healthy food financing. Let's Move! - #Farm Bill - #SNAP -
Yeah, it's this place where political staffers go to...I mean...I've never heard of it.
I'm very proud of myself.
Excuse my #Swagg im tryna tone it down like jenny kreg
Just more spam.
“: Friends are like boobs. Some are big, some are small. Some are real and some are fake.” How true this is!!!
wonderful meeting with our Distributor -- loving the supply chain
Man, those Jews knew how to party.
I like how you get mad because I'm seeing MY DAD whatever i don't need this
The knicks look so tired right now mike woodson doesn't know what to do anymore
ugh. i forgot to get my shirt before i left when i got kicked out. and i was going to wear it to the show tonight.. UGH
RT : Golfplan holding steady at #6 iPhone sports apps..thanks tweeters!!! ..great app. swears by it!
so tired
FREE! Just have to get them before they run out.
Manny Pacquiao is somewhere laughing right now :D
HOMECOMING TONIGHT!
"Merchandising,Merchandising, Merchandising!"
Whatever happened to straight forward answers
i was real mad.
i sprayed windex in my sisters mouth.
haha not cool I'ma go settle for some barritas de piña lol
Just stop for a minute and smile :)
Tomorrow is Valentine's Day who the fuck care's i don't have a G.F thank god i don't have to stress anything
stoppin through twitter right quick.. lol
I want a donut, but a good one.
Happy "Mother's Day" to every mom on my "TL", y'all deserve the best! 💗💗💗💗
Foster-care reform to continue with settlement extension - Northwest Cable News
Breakfast Foods at Breakfast Times are not as much fun as Breakfast Foods at Other Times.
start my morning off listenin to
Thanks my brotha....hope you're dominating the dance floor my friend!
haha I don't remember when I tweeted that, but this commercial just isn't the same as the car one."Wee" was more funny & annoying?
Meeting & booking hosts for ADDYs. Script writing later. Feb's got me hustlin', hustlin'.
#Celtics defense is in fine form right now. It's hard to beat them when they dominate defensively.
My son pulled off a natural hat trick - last 3 outfits have been lost to poop, pee & vomit. Need a name for this (i.e Gordie Howe hat trick)
hi, you're perfect.
LOL, um.... That's one approach I guess!
am i really online at the same time as you or is this a dream
The Rangers' game is killing me...(but I love a good rivalry).
Who was your favorite performer tonight on the #GRAMMYs ??
Friends are truly a wonderful blessing - I am thankful for steadfast friends
man, we'll be on by midnight...maybe. Stay up with us!! promises to sing you a lullaby.
It's important to not only capture beautiful moments through the lens, but also experience them in real time.
So many breakups! Wells Fargo, State Farm, now Walgreens. I like their local peeps, but I won't continue supporting property over people.
I'm eating lunch off a table that says it used to be part of a bowling lane. By Counterevolution in Brooklyn. Very cool.
Candlelight vigil downtown Chicago was absolutely beautiful for those of us who have lost loved ones to gun violence!
Waiting for my boyfriend at the barbershop. Not fun -.-
Second star to tthe right straight on till morning -peter pan
Revel In focuses on 10 interviews+pictorials w local tastemakers+their top 8 picks of the city. different than +Finder
Great summer fun idea - take in an game ... inexpensive and a great way to spend a summer evening!
Congratulations to our graduates! What a nice commencement ceremony last night.
Alleviate congestion today at , come by bike!
i like how bathooms are labeled "Toilet"
Listen ...I know payout musik is going to make it hahaha just a matter if when
I've got rhythm / I've got music ... Who could ask for anything more?
Whew! #c4l12 is over so I can get some work done. Just in time for the weekend!
yes you need the first season once... Then never watch it again. :)
Thanks so much :-)
yep, I want you to win this!! You deserve it!
Lots of love for
thanks so so so much! i cant thank u enough!
Decided to install underground sprinkler system in yard today; trying to finalize the landscaping project.
Just realized that all my tweets about the conference won't count towards the drawing. Gotta catch up.
Sometimes if you want to see a change for the better, you have to take things into your own hands
how about neither! Have some fruit and veggies while watching the fights!
Laura just made the infamous double chocolate cake cookies we used to swear by... I wonder what Pablo, Ricky and Dmitri r up to
It's pretty funny for sure
how do you get a new one if my rubber part ripped off
Great write up in #bayareacraftbeer. Congrats!
I had a wonderful time speaking at FSU-Panama City Campus for the BSU Women's Empowerment Luncheon.
KFC med shop is back open? Since when?!
T.N.T kicks off 2nite inside with $2 u call it all nite!
Time for Labyrinth! Can't remember the last time I saw this.
Of course I will share them with all of you!
Working on a survey & I need model language or good examples of statements about how the data will be handled/shared. Know any?
re. post-9/11 art, ya gotta check out Spike Lee's "25th Hour"
Lmaooo...Now Found Out We Are Going To Manhaten For Christmas...(^0^)
good ole fashion weighted PULL UPS :D
The parallels between meditation, yoga and classical vocal technique are fascinating.
Just did a conga line through the mirror maze and fist pumped in the infinity room.
Got a call back for a second interview today. Fingers crossed.
Awwwwwwready #letswork RT : Me & need to shut down mojoes together one more time!!!
Why wasn't the Audio Dock Air in the review roundup?
hello Kansas city... I'm excited for party
During individual workouts sweat with your players! Show your commitment to them improving and you will be amazed by the results.
made us maximally crazy, leveled us out and then came in for the kill!
Words cant even describe how badass The Avengers was. Cant wait for the sequel
pshh. and I will be ATTRACTING visitors cuz we be so hawt.
RT Only 30 minutes until our lucky 2 o'clock winner is selected!! RT RT for a chance to win tickets to the one and only
How many seasons do u think it will take te Vikings to get 15 wins? Im thinking 5-6.
I would give a nigga my house to kill that bitch!
Planning some big stuff!
Jeez, getting it from both social media ends, aren't I?
to whomever hacked my real twitter.
Don't forget about me celebrating my B Day tomarrow (yeeaah! Gucci Mane voice)
Spent the day w/ my mom & then with taylor, maddie, kadie, and leslie. :)
just did
Talk to Vermont Joy Parade & Unbearable Light out, burlesque gypsy out of Burlington. Radio bean, a great venue.
A nice Godly Christian young man. Nock it off!RT : Those of you who Know Doug Oliver, rt with a word that describes him.
think it's now set up, look forward to it. Martin
in order to get $2.5-2.9 billion to fund current backlog and future needs would take approximately $66/$100k which is max allowed
Stay at Home Mom's: how/when did you decide not to go back to work? #toughdecisions Cc:
Life Is Like A Riding Bicycle. To Keep Your Balance, You Must Keep Moving On(:
The will to persevere is often the difference between failure and success. -David Sarnoff
Vaguely intrigued by these archivist job postings in Alaska. If I lived there, I think I'd have to marry a salmon fisherman, right?
*cue the slow jamz* RT : Visiting the grandparents while I'm home...grandparents house is the hot spot
I'm interested in shia lebouf. I think I'd like to meet him. ;-)
I don't get high... But I'm a fan of that green eyed love... Mayer Hawthorne... Saved my life.
Are you saving your files in a way future generations will have access to them. Berry Ewell is giving great ideas!
SATURDAY WAS CHOREOGRAPHER SCOTTS 1ST CLASS IN THE BROADWAY DANCE CENTER AND IT WAS A GREAT CLASS AND A FUN TIME
Michael McDonald keeps on running with a bacne powered KO on
don't you just love that show!
Just sat in on a great class on the Google IPO led by Eric Schmidt. Thank you Stanford and
lol nahh I went before you did so get it right
3:30 a.m. and still awake. My brain won't shut up! Ideas, ideas, ideas. Hush, brain! I need to sleep.
haha always, probz same colored shirt too!
I love doing that! Then you get to act like the "voice from above" on facebook. Teeheee!
And the outrage toward the NFL yesterday regarding Seau feels hollow when there was also so much outrage about the Saints suspensions.
": #WeCantBeTogetherIf your not like you must love Harry Potter! Lol" damn straight. Slytherin in this bitch!
HA! I'm sure OSU fans are a little sad as well. currently wondering how much recruiting class will suffer. best guess: much.
How Many People Did You Follow ?
Plant your dreams where water is free and sun is abundant.
Funny that graphic doesn't mention Victorino's GG's
dude your default is freakin sexy as hell. miss you so much <3
LMao ikr thTS y i thought of it ITS Global!! :D
thinking of you as I research for my paper on faith-based prison reform movements.Funny how "reform" can act as a code word
RT : Whoaahhh!!! Talking about really matters in life! Congrats!! Exciting times, grandpa! :-P time to celebrate! > +1
#AGirlDeserves a guy who will love her for who she is.
charlie sheen is tha original
Just searched "booing #Oosthuizen" on Twitter. Yup, some can't believe they boo'd him on 18.
music is the wind between my legs.
yay!! I will definitely get my skate on, this year. Ready for yummy cupcakes!!
Neither did I!
Embarrassed to say it took me 3 tweets to realize what Sept. 1 was. Vacation mode. ha
Is the NVIDIA GT 530 a good graphics card?
Working until 8am yahoo
yeah, I was gonna try to get out of it but I can't cause I'm not taking summer classes :(
“: ME: You're like a drug to me. FRIEND: You mean I'm addictive? ME: Please! I mean I can only take you in small doses.”
Portico building happy hour tonight. Come down and meet your neighbors with wine, bites, and Greg Shibley on guitar.
I bet over at Austin Muay Thai and Jiu Jitsu could tell you though.
Finally saw the first issue of Popeye - looks great! I love the newsprint-esque paper stock. Can't wait to see my issue!
thanks so much for tweeting about our Merk deal!
Where All The LOYAL Male Nd Females At In CLEVELAND Who Like To Kick It??? Real Talk RT!.
No but I'm a work-a-holic (a lazy one too)
Come home now. This is getting out of hand.
Thanks for the
you are my number one fan H8tr so kill ur self -lol
#Rotary speaker Gerard Randall Jr. says Milwaukee has 4th highest concentration of engineers in America.
Check out NEW acoustic pop tracks "Love Overdose" and "Delirious" !!!!!!
oh shush!! we LOVE JAmie!! wish i could laser myself to St. Louis to give you a big ole hug!!! xoxo
tonights dinner is from it. Stay tuned!
NOLA City Council @ Large Election-Deadline today for Willard-Lewis to request recount of approximately 55k votes cast (cc )
I used to hate that our AMS was called the "membership database" by the rest of staff. We used it for everything!
he has a bad heart, the main flushin valve isnt there & over the years has weakened all the heart muscles.he will need bi-pass
Come on Brewers lets do this
My birthdays in 22 days!!!!
Have a fun nye everyone and again thanks for all the support! 2012 will be a big year for us!
Cool! We will add that to our list. (And a color request does not mean you are required to purchase! : )
Everyone that signed up successfully should have received an auto-email confirmation w/ instructions on when tix wil be sent
he had cancer...battle it for 3yrs
Thanks, mister;) Saw you in the house, but didn't get to grab you after. Thanks so much for coming:)
Good morning(: I'm eating cereal(: it's yummy(:
yu no I got support from my family but no income so I'm worried
Working on article/book(?) about Butler student who fought for Confederacy. Research tmrw. This is a Prof. Spring Break!
Either that, or get someone who understands programming on the bench, or in the jury, who parse out what the patent is really covering
How do you want your nose to look like?
Waiting on a client. Was going to take the evening off.... now she's late. Oy.
Hi Bill!! Thanks for the follow!!
that's sounds great I'm making this for breakfast now
COMING SOON: New 5-Out Motion Offense (2 Parts) and Customized Man-to-Man Defense videos. Easy to teach/Easy to learn.
Happy Birthday to Isaac!
49 new text messages. go away people
he is a tennis player
HOW can someone go to school tomorrow #depressing #almostdoneeeee!!!
": A1: More people are beginning to use social channels - particularly from a mobile environment - in lieu of other methods
high five!
Never see him again what should I do
Generally meant to be used with one connection representing an entire app/service; user streams allows a small handful though
can i have a shoutout?! lovee you!!
hahahaha I love the inscription on the box!! 
Wake me up wen u r awake again #brainypeople would get this
im so immature that everytime i see fast blinking lights i look at the people around me and make sure no one is having a seizure....
Im getting shit done today c: yes
guess no video today its raining -__-
blessings to you as well;visited your blog--wonder what connection you have to it other than interest?+what sortof concerns arise
Sending out new free LICKER track tonight after getting proper amounts of drunk.
There are certain people in my life that I simply have no desire to ever see again.
If they're human only part of the time, what should they be the rest of the time? Beast? ;D
"Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work."
Makin money up in this Monopoly Junior
Pan tostado with mijo and before Finals Week kicks in. One more week and then off for two.
feel free to send story ideas and info to
The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby.
hahahahaha, that is what i was thinking!
Who's Hope? Player. : )
Happy 4th man! Hope u enjoying life as usual...Take care
Where is my entourage?
Welcome all new Facebook Fans and Twitter Followers!
RT Heads up! May be w/ Stanley Cup again in nxt 24hrs.. Retweet if have friends who may want to know where/when..
75 degrees in NY yesterday...please be summer already.
We're hanging out in Tacoma to scout locations for our new Ride Around the Sound. Looking forward to drinks w/ in Seattle tonight
Looking for new windows, vinyl siding, entry doors, or attic insulation? Call us today at 888-441-5085 for an in-home consultation!
HOW AM I ALIVE AFTER THAT EPISODE? OMFG. THAT IS THE BEST EPISODE. ITS JUST THE BEGINNING. RUSHERS HOW ARE WE GONNA SURVIVE THE SEASON?!
NYC = amazing. I literally saw a dead body, a flock of cross-dressers, and the most beautiful girl I've ever seen in 1 Block.
Yeah, don't understand outcry over "exclusive soccer." Seems like license to lose money based on past history here.
go to bed!
Me too Bru Im Tired Az Hell
Love today's Groupon deal for NYC !
Decadent hot chocolate This looks delicious!
Good afternoon! Thanks for the piece on our solution!
: I had a blast with you yesterday! Thank you for having me be part of your Awesome project!!!!
Okaayy so I was trying to act cool by walking all gansta like and I tripped on a plant -.-
APUSH exam in 4 days..shoot me.
Soo Happy your Back!!! =)
I'm fuckin weak right now. Like I can't move.
Had a god time with the freshman frenzy! Gotta do it again next yr def
I suck at basketball I need my friends to teach me ;(
Happy pitchers and catchers day!
RT Nice 2 see great players showing respect 4 each other by exchanging jerseys after game
Politeness and consideration for others is like investing pennies and getting dollars back. - Thomas Sowel
Hair not done , nails not done , feet not done , how the hell I'm suppose to going to a fashion show & the club looking semi fucked up !
Where can I become A compost assistant?
ah that sounds so appealing! now I just have to get through the workday and get out to a restaurant
If you're not going to put any effort in the relationship, why should I?
I was gonna go ahead and put some berries in my hair.
after U sync with the computer that u sync normally sync the ipad with it should show up no problem
Another S/O to new FOLLOWERS
"I need to study." *Opens book.* "I don`t feel like studying." *Closes book.*
#Ginseng does great things for your energy level as well.
One more stupid love song and i'll be sick
Oh, that's so good.
Study re. lib cats: libns most concerned re. dupe records. Users NOT concerned re. that. Want links, more info, etc.
omg if she dnt shutup with all that ''he my man'' n stuff clearly he`s not a man yet if he is still cheatin on so gtfosw with all that
Follow us here for updates from the road to the NAIA Baseball World Series. This is the place for the latest on
It's rally time, guys!
good morning sunshine;)
im still in high school
haha okay hopefully it will just start raining!
Ah. Gotcha. Thanks for the feedback.
I thought I was watching "Rise of the Planet of the Apes"... but it was the GOP debate.
Do you really want to learn how to market yourself on LinkedIn correctly? Ask me, and I'll give you our super discount code!...
Woa, questioner pressing for more personal history from Hirsch, how she's related to Holocaust
Oh Whitney, I want your impossible fairy godmother voice...
I will now. Thanks!
We'd like to wish a happy Mother's Day to all you moms this weekend!
WORLDWIDE PACKER NATION will NOT let you down! Posts on FB & TT, north, south, east, west, across the pond & down under!
Any of you switch to #Drupal 7 for its built-in #RDF support yet?
I got it! New show. battleoftheboybands. Unsigned boy bands compete for a deal. Judges are members of established Boybands.
Who you talkin to?? bet it ain't me
