lol no I was was just hungry at the moment
to check the DM.
DUMB ASS, I DROPPED THE SHIT YESTERDAY BUT YOU SCENE FAGGOTS WON'T GET OVER IT.
Dang! I meant Hi Yaaaaaaahhhhhzzzz cowgirl!
The #Rays and #RedSox matchup is something else. 7 runs across for Boston in the 8th...and still no outs. Not happy I took the
The Doors
Baby You Light Up My World Like Nobody Else! !!! RT if you kept singing this song in your head (;
I absolutely love #TheConversation ! And the fact that Listen Up! by The Gossip played during scenes for next week!
Pedro Rodriguez =]
We'd love to provide you w/ more information about the Fatboy® brand and designing a wonder-fuller life. Just let us know!
#chicoescuela is rolling over in his grave and needs to be resurrected
Giving Google Reader a go. Once I collapsed a few of those tabs on the side, I felt more at home! Thank you!!
guess so, I'm still childish tho haha
1 Carlos was with instagram now with toys n hallo now i wonder what he will do next :O
Mr n mrs smith n a bronx tale...what to watch...
Nice overview of European #trademark law by professor Gielsen from Amsterdam.
Getting my birthday present in the mail from my grandma makes me miss her so much. I wish I was a little girl again.
The Hills star Stephanie Pratt was arrested on suspicion of drunk driving in Hollywood early Sunday morning the Los Angeles Police confirmed
She know this a banga
Read the unused World War Z script. It's an absolute travesty that this will never be realized. Will happily pass it on if you want it.
"Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Graduation needs to hurry the fuck up!!!
when is it affecting radio?
Here's a guy who still listens to and collects vinyl records. And your blog is NOT pointless (nor stupid) at all!
THAT POUNCE
Last night show was wikked smaart! Who wants a copy of the Breaks madness?
I'm in a good mood and you will not break my joy. :-)
No! Sleep! 'Til Santa!
by eight and that's how tall your
what a milestone!!
just reading about pungle. Love. Love. Love.
thanks...I think! PS I didn't make that one up it was overheard :)
COPE: Create once, publish everywhere. NPR's approach to seamless publishing. RT
I also have over 30 yard solar lights that can be brought inside in the case of a power outage.We have a house generator too
I think Will Smith was well beyond his years when he said "Parents just don't understand". You are a genius Mr. Smith. So true...
I think there's a keystroke that gets around that. Try "Press Option + Empty Trash"
Registered #Track125 with SESAC for royalty collection. Let us represent YOU! Now Accepting Affiliations for PRODUCERS!! RT! RT!
Doing some IE testing, and cleaning up some JS before pusing the site live. Check it out soon.
Everyone got your chargers cell phones and condoms ?
Won't it be cool if you could just go to the beach today.
I was told I have everything I need to graduate with my Bachelor's in History, but... would mean withdrawing from my second degree program.
Got low-bridged hoopin last night. Landed right on my elbow and tailbone. Coulda been worse, but yo, this shit really hurts.
I'm about to fall asleep and dream that all of us #occupywriters collaborate with pens on an infinite roll of paper to write a new future
Nutritional supplementation that may help reverse some of the damages caused by insulin resistance. Book Resource for Diabetics...
lol hop on that les!
RT : The way they pronounced "Favre" when Brett was drafted by Atlanta.
So Mr. Owl, how many licks does it take till you get to the center of a tootsie pop?
No one has ever used the phrase "raving" when talking about our music. I must say, I approve :) -Chris
Check my post on ur Facebook page! Brad Pena
Well said "libraries, archives, museums as storytelling repositories..." HT &
Gracias Mi Amigo :D
People really really make me laugh.
your welcome(:
Chicago loves and misses you Ian! Make us proud!
Bad time to find out Portfolio is not compatible with Mac OS Lion.
I need that recipe when you have a minute.
I've noticed most musicians just have their names as their email. ALL drummers I know have the word DRUMMER in their email.
Doug Johnson regarding school lib's~No choice but to adapt to the challenge of what's going on. It requires true innovation.
sounds yummy though. Got Big plans for your Sunday?
Them ratchets up right now
#10FactsAboutMe I have the most amazing boyfriend in the whole wide world and I wouldn't trade him for anything 
I might need to put some of my fitness people on this workout. I have some folks that love to dance.
Ohh Thursday is #LanguedocDay...Wonder if will have any on the list we can taste?
And just what's really in the glaze?!
getting those nose grinds ;p
perfect response...
THERES NO SUCH THING AS PERFECT !!
Link me. I'm heading to bed, but I'll check it out tomorrow.
ouch! That sucks! Is there a way to take over the payments if you like the house?
Weird dream
damn right! RT : Work like a boss, play like a boss
Agreed. It was hard to get out of bed this morning.
where do u live I live in newyork
they're all evil aren't they?
y u mad
There is no way in hell Kobe Bryant is human.
digging eye rocks myself this a.m.
We’re glad to see you’re as excited about Trivia Tuesday as we are ! Good luck tomorrow. :)
Stop waiting on people who are not waiting for you
RT : Hats made a significant statement on many runways, from Marc Jacobs to Donna Karan to Giorgio Armani [SUB REQ.]:...
i knew it! Glad all this analytical grad work is paying off :)
#ifidiedtommorow id go to my cousin who abused me for 7 years and thank him for the experiences that taught me how strong i am
miss you!
im so bored
Thanks, Anna!
That was the strangest, most random dream I've had in a long time...
I went to to see
well thank ya
RT Jeebus. What's up with the suddenly unbeatable LA Kings? / Not sure, but I'm kind of loving it!!
glidden lodge is the place to be. About hour fifteen. Nice hotel, even better restaraunt I you like good steaks and seafood.
The RIG Region 7 AOS Panel has now begun. The panel is reviewing app# 130004 Writer's Center of Indiana.
Spent the night writing 2 brand new songs! I know all of you are ready for damn new music!!
my first Twitter Tutor! Cheers!
oh. i'm watchin obsessed. :) i love this movie. watch it! channel 14. :)
Thanks for the mention :)
Love your body -- nice light hair, pecs, six-pack, face. If only I were closer to Toronto, luv for u to do me...
the dome aint big enough for that mug!!!!
thank you!!
A grown adult man calling out of work due to #allergies is simply unacceptable with all solutions for this on the market.
on majestic-SEO.com the external backlink data is actually tracking "inbound links"?
and Eats of Eden in Charleston WV are now carrying Max & Ruffy's! Stop in and get some treats - your dog will love you for it!
Dairy Queen's name for their mall stores, called "Treat Centers," sounds like an agricultural feedlot.
when u come to perth ?
mircosoft asking some layed off workers to give back some of there severance pay
": They say you are what you eat... Well, I don't recall eating any sexy beasts today." totally you
"Extremely Loud"? What is that? I haven't worked on anything with that title...
you are already having WAY to much fun...pipe down ;)
A cafe that knows how to do it: American Analog Set on rainy days. Three albums in a row now!
Is today's ceremony only for undergraduates or also for graduate students?
Whenever someone says not to edit their photos I feel the compulsion to draw penises on their photos just to spite them.
We're setup at SactoMoFo 4 next to Curry Up Now and across from Seoul on Wheels!
hey man! I thought we were already connected on Twitta...
Going to ck out a great furniture place for a blog feature!
Anyone wanna grab lunch with me?
While the natural area is predominantly managed for vegetation, it should be noted that we also manage for(cont'd)
GEORGE ZIMMERMAN RELEASED FROM JAIL ON BOND - FOX News
Jack Edwards just said it: "It's winning time!".
Milwaukee is the greatest city in the world.
Young hearts keep chasing what you know is meant to be. They will call us crazy, though they're better off naive and in love again.
Soo ready to go shopping. It's well needed
Im gonna buy a drink :)
In early September, ebay will offer nearly 50% more space in your listing titles with 25 additional characters to include more keywords.
Happy weekend! Good luck BAA dancers at Nat'l High Schl. Dance Fest and BAA musicians High Schl. Jazz Fest!
camps in education: The quantifiers and those interested in a humanistic education. Guess who is winning the what should we learn battle?
Busting missions. -.-
Dude, its 420. Ha
#DesignYourFuture...You can achieve anything you put your mind to...
Came 2 IHD this AM 2 work in peace & is here! I was in the Student Writing Project every summer in middle & high school! SMALL WORLD!
go to www.icraigery.com or www.chacha.com for more info!
we tend to allow ideological lines to become too divisive and live by an "end justifies the means" mentality
Tony Dungy was in Digital Underground and he did the humpty dance.
It was for me to Tweet you??
This game is intense! Go LAKERS!
nice kicks
watching #chris_farley "youll live in a van down by the river"
the main course at potluck dinners is roadkill.
Hey all you potential baristas! Don't forget applications are due TODAY!
#ows #occupyoakland: "if a prisoner sits down he or she is not considered to be an imminent threat"
My last #GoingRed meal of the month, butternut squash with cinnamon and red potatoes!
HS PLUS IS TO FUNNY
you can be both
:( you'll be okay!
Get started helping kids build their self esteem,volunteer today! Contact Shaniqua at .
had a chance to try the short rib sandwich per your thumbs up. If it was a person, we'd hang out all of the time.
Awesome! Thanks for the tip
Boy1: "HAHA you failed." Boy2: "So, did your dad's condom." Boy1: "He didn't wear a condom." Boy2: "..."
Girls cheat if theres something wrong with the relationship; guys cheat if theres an opportunity...
HM SummerJam after Party ? Should we do that ? hmm what do you think ?
ugh., i'm really thirsty. ugh. kdjfhkjhfdks no.
You can use your dollars toward nutella?
lol. well said man. I share the exact same sentiments.
Been chillin lately
#pool-party x)
All I here in my school of people talking about how 1D cute or how Zayn or Harry so. Sexy like I luv how they say good things about 1D <3333
Aw <3 “: is following me. Day=made.”
I NEED SUM OR A BADD ASS KOOL FEMALE "FRIEND" I LOVE HANGIN AROUND BADD WOMEN
Lord, I thank you for never leaving my side; For being there, when no one else was!
Came into Art Metropole to bask in bookish goodness and found myself in the middle of an #arlis2012 workshop!
2 off days. :) all I have to say is yay.
I'm glad I've missed you
You want something to get you crunk while workin out?! My Favorite #WORKOUT songs is "Skoolie In Command" & "Coolin' " by
Not a happy fan right now! First, , now this?!?
Consider following professional marketing advisor
wat u doing after graduation
We are in Chicago! Try Halsted Bar and Grill...pork egg rolls,strawberry lemonade, and aldine chicken sandwhich =amazing!
he said u can't come
From now on we live in a world where man has walked on the Moon. It's not a miracle; we just decided to go. Tom Hanks
haha. Got nuked
be more specific lol
oh my gosh! which video was it??
you should mix it with Sakiri vodka, you will love it!
Just planted another patch of wildflower seeds! I can't wait to see what our yard looks like in a few months!
To answer your question we are building our health ministry and empowering all to transform from sickness to wellness
I miss seeing you on the Pacers games. You were the only positive after watching that team get killed half the season last year.
yea i kinda figured that out! K Ima try to work on it!
Teamwork makes the dream work.
Jealous of anyone who can take advantage! RT : Feeling like a mimosa today? $5 mimosas at The Cottage until 3 pm today!!
stop thinking it's stressful ;)
Graduate Session 3 begins today! Who is excited for their new class?
Happy mother's day! Thank her for going through grueling pain of ejecting you from her body and then raising you into people! :D
Great to hear. Best of luck to your team!
After a rough start, THE AVENGERS turned me into a ten-year-old boy through the sheer might of its awesomeness.
I just need sources. So close to being done...for now.
MPT is running Historic Barns of Maryland. I didn't realize it was Sweeps.
#Stocks finish lower on disappointing March jobs report. #Dow drops 124 points. #Nasdaq and S&P both lose more than 1%.
I MISS EVERYONE TOO!
Came by USL to say hello and some feel good music but already left.
3 and 13 for OSU, Canfield pass to James Rodgers (again), but two yards short of first down.
more good news. i tell ya, this is just making my day.
Haha :3 well thank you very much!
I brought Grace to bed with me after her morning bottle and we both slept until 11:30! We were both worn out from a weekend of partying!
Another week down. Great times and great tunes. Next stop, Ventura, CA for punk rock at the beach with jamstain! See you all saturday night!
Interesting statements on whether regulation helps/harms journalism. Copps & Furchtgott-Roth with varying opinions.
That looks awesome! Need a sick hang session next time we are both in town.
Oh right, me too. RT : Oh, and by the way? Done with grad school.
I didn't let my son play until he was 12. He is 27 now and still mad that I waited so long to let him play. I'm a Dad 1st and last.
great movie!!!
RT : Have a #smallbiz question you need advice on? Let us know! We can RT it to our followers. They have great insights!
Im in PortAransas right now & I pass SanAntonio on my way home so maybe I can swing by house & give him a hug!<3
Be the 1st person to ask their server at this week's Music Monday and win a pair of free tix to the Eric Jacobson concert Feb 9!
where r u guys in Cleveland?
Unfortunate sentence structure of the day: "...a survey of musicians and friends over pizza...."
The advantage of a classical education is that it enables you to despise the wealth which it prevents you from achieving.
same...I feel left out
it ends tomorrow...the weather should be nice!!
Yep. They won't complain about CBS either tho RT Were 10am starts for ESPN and for SportsWest to stay out of ESPN Plus window
I kinda want a woman to handle me. I'm a strong personality. I need a strong minded woman next to me!
Social Media is an excellent tool to affirm one's thoughts and aspirations. Use it positively...
Same here! I figure a few now and then won't hurt if we watch other areas RT : Potatoes are my weakness!!
Hold up your end today
You're not one of those annoying Dallas Cowboy fans are you? ;)
Didn't expect to like , but love it/the food so much I'm going again for my b-day! Enjoy - get the red velvet cake!
Arizona lawmakers OK tax cuts as session nears end
I'll give you consumer insights from the deepest corners of my brain in exchange for Starbucks gift cards. Just sayin.
I need to use WolframAlpha more!
Who's gonna be the 1st to write article about the one-and-done coach Coach K has become? Irving last year, now Rivers.
Just landed at JFK. Ready for my shoot for Next Magazine.
Post a tweet when clays coming up will ya? I don't care to sit through Bieber fever and GaGa and her aluminum foil outfits :)
No good workman without good tools.
Travolta believes in space aliens...and banging male masseuses.
30 Things I Will Miss About Milwaukee. A one-a-day countdown.
RT : Facebook buys instagram. Finally, some news that affects white people.
I don't have a meet and greet with them. I wish I did. I signed up on their website. I hope I win one.
I'm watching Get Him to the Greek. Fuckin' love it!
"Do as I say not as I do." RT : 800 IPs in Congressional bldg revealed to have illegally downloaded software, TV shows, films & porn
Arizona state sucks they got beat by the runt of the big ten. Go to Columbus and get on a real campus.
I saw and it's pretty true. I'm glad you think that way! :D
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
I wanna see my boyfriend >.< I miss his cute ass smile& when he makes me laugh.
I Love ur music. Can I get a RT and or follow please!
Granny told me last night she turned off the pens game to watch the lionel richie and friends special
we are excited to see the debut of the truck!
yes! Be careful, it might change your life lol - RT BABY MONKEY riding on a pig
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow I LOVE the show Monk!
Maybe I missed the ... U will Be the Boss, But Look Son that means that U will have 2 Put Up with Way more Insane BS then Everybody else!
I don't understand how some boys can sag so much... It's like their not even wearing pants sometimes........
This is why I prefer having guy friends over girls -___-
Friday signals the beginning of an uninterrupted two days of time with the little miss. I love her to the moon and back. Jules is my star.
is waiting in line for Miranda Lambert tickets #*.!?$ its cold!!
well have a good night and good luck
In Nice right now, just had a great seafood choucroute ! Here a few more days then off to Corsica . Love to talk when back
My husband got us tickets this morning! Hooray! Always a good show. Even the one time we sat in the rain. :)
your not normal, and i like that, keep up the good work!
Midday knock
RSVP to to get the discounted rate to tonight's program: "I Wanna Go Viral"
Congratulations on the #ONA2011 award. Well deserved win!
Pens Stayin Alive
Currently watching: goodfellas
What in god's name is that for?
Making new music - new mixtape will be posted next week!
There are things known and there are things unknown and in between are the doors
So I joined google+. I don't know why! haha
you should start working on your skills. #TopChef might need some fill in sous chefs
nice! I have a few aerospace friends who I'll definitely be sending your work on to. some, uh "people with munchies" too ;)
...and will keep that one in mind for next time!
Cookies with milk :}
I dont know what it means, but #TaylorIssues !!!!! :^)
Liberal bias. Not. Media just wants eyeballs/ad $$. Mods occupy too much stage and run off at mouth, as if they r candidates.
I'm following over 1000 people but only have 300 followers wish I had more
Almost to midfield Can LSU make it?
Just had an amazing fitting with and his Beautiful wife! Crazy talented
On air in Boston to from 3 to 6..then maybe room service and celeb apprentice tonight then on air tomorrow 2p to 7p
"Watching Recruiters recruit" is akin to making sausage or pulling back the Wizards curtain...
I hate seeing a woman who doesn't embrace her beauty. You're beautiful. Own that shit.
No classes today - Happy Presidents Day!
it's cause she practices for me. ♥
Today is the first day of summer.
You have to get instagram! My favorite photography app!
7:55 .... its to early for a saturday D:
Time to go workout for the next 3 to 4 hours so i hope everyone enjoys your day and be back on later tonight.
Not sure, I connected through Facebook lol
fix a heart
A drug dealer just asked me if I need trees while i hand him his food
do you need one more follower, just follow me than I will follow you
Developing curriculum while having on in the background. Something tells me that this will be the weirdest class ever...
It’s never too early to schedule your teen’s senior portrait session! Whether in-studio or on location, we’ll capture the moment perfectly.
whyy wait another minute for something we shouldve done yesturday?
Thanks again to Tom Stapleton and his great team at What great service!
Hey guys(:
are keeping me in stitches on the bus ride back to Napa... Waiting for the UFC matchup between the two of them
merry Easter.
I'm hoping to play in #LA again soon! I did a residency at last year so I'm hoping to play there again soon!
In in a good ass mood for some reason. I'm saying Goodmorning to everybody lol
I MISS YOU! Can't wait to sneak away to Vancouver! Keep my side of the bed warm and I'll be there asap! Xoxox
I think I'm finally over my sickness! Back to le gym, finally! :)))
Thanks for the follow!
awesome. Can't wait to make that breakfast drink with the bacon & waffles...m
What do we do after seeing a fashion show? Go shopping! lol Currently searching for printed pants w/ Tanuka.
These Justin Bieber Fan Pages Be Having Alot Of Followers Lol
Amazing first day at Thank you for the great experience. Thank you to all the support Seattle. We love you.
The greatest gift of all is friendship - the polar express
what time do you think a twisted dinner for #djangocon might take place?
Tigers win. Back to .500. Verlander gets the win and Valverde with the save.
I'm not sure yet love, but I'll be thinking about it 😄
Thanks for the RT Nikki! See you tonight??
So the Border Wars replay looks worse than the actual 720p ippv feed. Huh?
Is Zeke Pike still on the bowl roster?
now welcomes The Hachette Group as 's Publishing Innovator of the Year!
i look forward to yours as well :) hope you'll find our tweets useful!
Your mom is a big mistake like you,your dad, grandpa, grandma, great grandpa,great grandma,etc
Treat women kindly. Forever is a long time to live alone and it's even longer to live with somebody who hates your guts.
I hate feeling like my intelligence is being tried
“: whit no one cares about the brickyard lol” I second that NASCAR sucks!!
I done made the devil a deal- he made me pretty, he made me smart, and I'm gonna break me a million hearts <3
Rage stifled in a Mens Room sink "he sank his face in the basin and screamed, the sound bubbling up past his ears through the rush of water"
#its2012whyyoustill raise your hand in class
spending time w you >>
Clean your hands, wash your hair, stop doing drugs and bring back our tools
Be sure yall come out every wed - sun, tons of drink specials and mixin it up along with big mind tv
Me: Are there any pipe shops here? Him: Oh yea, there is a cigar shop that way. My Brain: oh a shop that just so happens to sell pipes.
Did you know? You can also pay your NY, KS and AL state taxes at www.payNYtax.com, www.payKStax.com, www.payALtax.com.
oh, and on a more serious, straight from the heart tweet: Thank you for making this happen. You and your team rock!
hi allie~ good morning~ love you so much my friend~ have a great day and take care <3
it totally sound cool though!(: Orr um... Fml= fix my leak :D
Figured. Giving you grief. Game's getting good:-)
Looking for a Lead #Programmer in #Texas or willing to relocate. Great studio, great cost of living.
The only thing to fear is fear itself ... and my ability to act like a complete idiot
They turn on a TV w Elmo to see which mouse watches the longest! :)
what country do u live in?
should never have been on twitter!!! BABE IM SORRY YOU EVEN OPENED THAT!!!</33333
Don't worry Assville, the #Badgers will avenge you.
Life is too short to have any beef or animosity towards anyone.
Beliebers Are Amazing is trending(: It doesnt even have to trend we all ready now how freaking amazing we are!
In case you've been wondering why Keen-17 TV has had such a tough time since signing on as a Christian TV station in Las Vegas, what follow…
I'm really craving some Taco Bell. But my dad won't get me any.
Enjoy paintballing discounts with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
You're frustrated because you keep waiting for the blooming of flowers of which you have yet to sow the seeds.
Holla at me let's do buisness Write me a message of what u do?
Give us a try next time. We can provide an oil change service for most vehicles in about 20 minutes.
My lovely wife is having cold broccoli for a midnight snack. Vile weed!
you a lie
The first stop on the tour will be birmingham. The team is very excited. All the details are on www.starmentors.com
Getting better at this Twitter twit. Plates, how are YOU doing?
hell yea it is.
Competition is one thing, poisoning the well is another. That way lies fascism.
Not sure who started the rumor that I'm dating , but it's not true guys.
Is that Eli or Michael Phelps?
What would you like to know about real estate investing? Ask your questions today!
Discovered ice cream in my freezer. Yes.
The preview makes it look like he's playing the same character. Which I suppose wouldn't be the worst thing ever.
NO, KATHERINE. YOU ARE JUST TOO WEAK!
Thanks for the follow! Gorgeous picture! Love your enthusiasm!
watching a video on youtube of these girls that one a date with Justin Bieber, i would absoloutley die if i were them. O.o
IMO, the silent treatment is the most ignorant approach to issues in relationships. It solves nothing.
So we KNOW u can win a SB with Bradford, Cassel, Campbell, Ponder, Jackson, Kolb, etc? All things considered, Tebow season a success
Absolutely true: Billy Ray Cyrus's real first name is Skeeball.
MY SISTER SAID SHE'LL TAKE ME THE 19TH OMG
Beautiful day in #Texas!
Much better
I. Love. Miami.
what about project stuff wtf y'all doing?
Headed no where fast.
hm we must go boy hunting and find the right Guy for me . ( :
Hooray! Technician is here to doctor our wifi! SO many patrons rely on us for wifi access.
Going deep with some obsolete Korean character encoding schemes.
#nashville tonight at we are in the round with Pete Sallis, Chas Sandford, Lisa Carver and Bethany Dick-Olds.630pm.
Can't believe how many leaves have fallen already! Baking up some pumpkin whoopie pies and sweet potato breads. www.baker-babes.com.
Fellow designer and I were so excited to see our picture on the Holiday party invite! Good times!
You obviously just straight up ignored me......
I'm kidding I'm a good girl though lol
Hahaha, what does that even mean?!
Family is important at Delmark, “As the family goes, so goes the nation and so goes the whole world in which we live.” - Pope John Paul II
haven't watched it yet
you are so welcome :)
you like kidzbop too! Who knew! Thanks for the link.
If you are quiet you can hear the sound of money vaporizing as stock market tanks. I don't make predictions only follow the tape
It's so amazing how when ur feeling down and u go on Tumblr and look at all the funny posts, u dont even remember why u were upset at all.
RT RT : Lotus flower bomb , firefly , When I'm low , she take me high , I can teach you all the sounds of love ♥
": New day! New chance to change!! Failure is an event, not a person. Yesterday ended last night! #renew #Letsgooo!!"
'There is an inverse relationship between reliance on the state and self-reliance.'—William F. Buckley Jr.
well it's both our fault.
the really never will. Miss you bubbba
#Insidious, from #hauntedhouse -> to ghost-busters/hunters/adventures -> to #poltergeist but on the side with Carol-Ann = good scary fun!
What is your favorite Bible verse?
I just can't wait for the weekend to officially get here! Five o'clock hurry up :) puhhhhleassee and thank you!
Florida is beautiful <3
Easter tip: 1. Bite off the top of a hollow chocolate Easter egg. 2. Pour Whiskey.
Dear Douche Bag wearing sunglasses in the grocery store, You are achieving the opposite effect of your goal.
Who the hell is number 19!
Drop it like its hot!
oh yeah
We'd all likely do the same!
Can't wait to celebrate a RECORD BREAKING 2012 Wine Opener tomorrow!
For everyone that is against gay marriage let me just leave you with this concept: gay divorce court tv shows. Right??
lol ima take that as a good complient but i get that alot
can I be your floor right.now
Yes, and I would love to go to O'Briens for the Packer game! Maybe should come too!?
TheMiz jobbing to Brotus Clay just was another sign his stock falling fast..ill have to get #mikewickett view,raw review at 645 a on
I've always wanted an award with this much honor . ☺
When writing the story of your life, don't let anyone else hold the pen.
yeah /: i just don't know when to queue from /: when would you suggest? x
I love Death cab for cutie!! And NSN. Two of my top favorite bands<3
Coffee is the elixir of life
looking forward to your tweets!
Peoplee who say bro after erything can start to be annoying.
It only took 3 years. Nice to see Obama finally support gay marriage. Way to boldly stick your finger in the wind.
Ugh that happens to me EVERY YEAR. :/ That or all my friends and I present in the same session. :(
That funny moment when Austin Mahone looks a lot like my boyfriend.
RT : Time Is Time, Money is MOney, Your ART is YOUR ART, It should take your time, and make money!
i know what ya talking about! :)
Ordering Wholesale Watches « Chinese Martial Arts
Hey Steven!!!
commercial CALLBACK on monday! gonna play mommy again :-)
Goin to gene and judes with and company
the buckeyes are winning the big ten, bring your green hat
got u bro
RT : Dexter Walker & ZIon Movement - Your Latter will be greater (2)
HEY EVERYBODY! WE'LL SEE YOU AT THE GUN SHOW. DECEMBER 12 & 13TH ALBUQUERQUE NM AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING ON THE STATE FAIR GROUNDS.
You gotta fight for your right to paaaarrtyy.
Had the best day at warped ever on Friday all thanks to ! :) Life will never be the same again!! <3
- Our favorite Band of Brother's brother.
RT : South park > family guy
lmao why are you so popular
I'm so hhappy he won !!!!
We create mascot costumes. I'm in Orlando 4/24-26, I'd like to connect w/ costume & character development peeps. Suggestions?
Watched Sugar Bowl @ dome but now home watching highlights...are we sure isn't the Mich kicker?
Bacon fat is the shit.
It's a new week! Soccer training tonight for the boys from 6-9PM in Boynton Beach.
Glad to hear it :-)
: no reason to get cranky. I'm an interested user who had some questions and some feedback. Looked all over site and struck out.
hate that the bulls are out. hope the celtics sweep the 76ers. lol
#Broncos fans, is this week more BITTER or SWEET?
Your best freind is by your side 24\7...no matter the source. Their iriplaceable, and never forgoton J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
What is the number 1 thing you'd like to know about how your furnace works?
ohh ok when do u find out who wins??
After a week, I am hoping tomorrow I start feeling better! 2 big days of meetings ahead!
Fml. Fml. Fml. I have a sub & no headphones T.T
Nothing like on the #sheenroast to get me ready for #greysanatomy!
Cmon Bulls don't fall apart. Refs suck
I wondered why my skin was green when I got out of the lake earlier
That's the spirit! really inspiring RT : Psalm 73:26 My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart...
~Wiggles~ Ohkay...but I'm losing balance!
Team trivia tonight at 8pm. 35 cent wings from 5pm to 12am.
Looking for a great massage? Mystic Journey Massage is offering 20% off the first session to all DPR card holders/ Palm Springs/ Cat City
my oldest daughter (27) knows all the words to every song on Uptown Girl...it puzzles her (tape was in the car for months) .
On this day in 1948 was the 1st televised game by WGN-TV where the Sox beat the Cubs. To whoever had this brilliant idea… thank you!
Sometimes you just want to play Magic cards.
8 days until graduation....
ma friends say I'm selfish, especially Gabriela Gil .. she tells me dat lot of times. :/
Choose 2 Follow Woofs
i hear that, but it sounds a lot like something Romney or the Tea Party would say about Wall Street regulations
I'm obsessed...one of those songs I have on repeat now lol Full on car dance...haha love the new usher!!
Thank You for the follow. Looking forward to reading your tweets! :)
I used many colors don't you worry
Uk can you please win this sh,, so I can here the KU fans hush once and for all!
Reviews on TENNSCO Single- and Double-Entry Tire Racks- tire racks for sale
So tell us, what is your favorite resource for info on juvenile justice on twitter?
Listening to 2 geog teachers discus how they sat beside a convenience store waiting on the tornado... He forgot to tweet about it tho
Attending "Making Sense of Medicare" presentation by #NCOA at West Senior Welness Center.
That takes the fun out! ;D
make it a special one!!
Just finish good workout with1 of my favorite girls #Abi she tried 2 show me out on tha tread. Bout to sit back sip wine & write this paper
Hot galleys for every reader at hachette's booth 945 #pla12! Stop by to say hello and fill a little, brown tote with books!
Good point. If you go for it again, if I'm home I'll join for it.
I'm thankful Josh McDaniels is no longer in charge of the #Broncos draft... Head-scratchers
I lasted only a year at Dyna-Plex.
Any ideas on what the most popular pet costume is?
We'll see how it turns out, Tom. When the butterflies flutter and the words flow, I'm always surprised when I read it later.
Almost have the entire incoming class on campus. Great 2 see several guys in the gym n prep 4 season. Could b a great 1. Work hard!
Great brunch @ Sidewalk Cafe with :-)
LoL RT : I have nothing personal against Reggie Miller, his voice is like listening to a 3 hour lecture from Fran Drescher
The tragedy of life is not death, but what we let die inside of us while we live. ~Norman Cousins
"i want to kill everybody in the world" *drop* -skrillex. Yupp,, drownin in my music. #prayforlondon <3
I saw who I wanted lol
good part is im not eating late being a lard!
Gram just told me baby Cal is coming tomorrow!
my phones like 100 degrees right now from all this twittertivity
Hard at work editing a video for
condescending Bryant I presume.
Yes, this really stinks!
The Seela hands-on cabin will be closed today for repairs and maintenance. We've still got the rest of the Village available, though!
so me a favor and slap yourself?
Um. You're a dumb ass. A mole? So Rush must be in on it. What a stupid comment.
Hello #Indianapolis! It is a pleasure to meet you. The Dream Team
Fuck. Really wish Holtby would've gotten that shutout. Even as a Rangers fan.
One Direction are like fucking magical unicorns!
nails!! :) will you go? Girl time! Love you :)
Christ that went far.
Bad day Mama Schmidt:/ advice is more than welcome please?
Playing Draw Something against my little sister cause I have nothing better to do with my life....
:D Sakinim.d Biz ne ? :D
Living now in the Quads, with my friends! Going to morning class then decorating and arranging our room. YEAH!!!
no. no idea who to pick this year. Like kentucky. Think they might erin it this year.
Only just started following it, but I think may be my new favorite joke Twitter account. Great live-tweeting Stoke-Wolves now
i know :o lmao
she can go fuck herself. that text literally pissed me off.
what up hilarious one.?
..told the Mail Online that reports of a reunion are 'just rumoursat this stage'. Has Anybody got any more accurate certain info or Update?
Feel better! I had a spinal tap yesterday, and I am practically chained to my bed. So much to do, and I'm a captive!
an article about women in #Jewish orgs that I respect. just because the ratio isn't even doesn't mean it's not happening....
Joining my friend in the # The movement so I can be awesome like him lol
so hard. Hate him
Spent the last five hours working on translating 13 pages of Spanish history about the Netherlands. Time to transition to quals reading...
Love is patient
Then u take em off and its a dissapointment lmao RT : When I wear pants that make me look like I have an ass&gt;&gt;&gt;
Grad from over seas pick her up at the terminal. Give riches split digits to them girls up in college.
is gorgeously adorable.. :3
Workin this 13-hour shift not getting off work until tomorrow morning @ 6:00am
#NewRulesofCivility 6. Don’t gossip. Talking about others in this way does nothing positive for your own image.
at least Euro 2012 starts in like three weeks.
nah on that twitpic you posted of your gf
early to rise! mia airport....off to work ..
As someone who has hated the Redskins since he was 10, and has liked Peyton since he was at Tennessee, I hope you are wrong!
Interesting experimentation making an exposure system, but pls. check out a ready-made one w/vacuum @ caps-screenprinting.com.
First report from Colorado GOP- Rick Santorum leads Mitt Romney by 77 votes in Colorado Caucus.
What's everyone doing for this fine Easter?!
value injector is simpler until you need complexity and then you end up in a pickle
Ha. IKR, thats y when some1 asks me 2 pray 4 em, I do it right then/there. funny 2 watch em tense up.
they have a deal for $25 you get a scoreboard pavilion ticket (I'm guessing CF) and 2 beers.
Wonder will I get a scam renewal letter from Domain Registry Of America for each domain I own. Lot of postage
A smile is worth a thousand words!!!!
what's the prob? Toothache,lost filling? Just curious I am a dental assistant
Officially done with my honors english II project.
Today is business day #10 since the test. I'm checking my email every 5-10 minutes waiting for it to come.
Can't wait to see my valentine later :)
Gonna Freeze the fat instead. I've seen the ads. Reckon I can just jam my love handles in the freezer for 30mins?
I hate MLS refs
NFL HOF busts list all teams and years played, but the induction is as a member of a team of the player's choosing.
Their new song "Free" is a revelation!
Just ate chicken Noodle soup. AH and on a cold day.
It AINT none of your friends business.
Andy Kauffman pulled-off the greatest performance art stunt in history 30 years ago this weekend. RIP, sir.
Everyone get ready - Ribbon is going to have a HUGE sale Thursday for Dolphin lovers everywhere.
I keep letting the tiger outta the cage at work. It's only verbal abuse, so those pussies should grow a pair
I just downloaded for OSX last night. So far I like it better than having my three emails open on Safari/Chrome.
I should
- thank you for your leadership on this issue. Truly appreciated; let me know how I can best help you.
I find it ridiculous that people have multiple masters and bachelors degrees.
Running twice today, because I'm dumb.
Guess I'll have to say Happy Tuesday!
Watching and can't get enough. I swear this is one of the best shows on TV.
I was really hoping for a Paul win just to add to the media chaos. Oh well.
Erm, how cool are you, you just tweeted from C4 Dispatches! The mind boggles!
is supess cool guise. follow her because harry would want you to. hehehe <3
that's really good too :)
IE for MAC was last released in 2003 and was no longer supported after 2005.
Sending our thoughts to Virginia Tech
I hope so!!
Amen! RT : No single FB post, Twitter, email, txt message or Skype can have as much impact as a handwritten letter
Some do not understand social media and claim they have a "girl" who handles it.
Bonding Gravity Forms with for a Transcription client, my goal is to do it with two lines of code.
Something good can work
OKAY PEOPLE THE REAL LOUIS DIPIPPA LIKED OUR PAGE!! AND YES IT'S THE REAL ONE! EVEN GEO SAID IT WAS!!! ~ASHLEY
Just saw avatar in 3D in downtown Disney... Good stuff
I get to see you tonight - how exciting is that?! :)
Boise State fans come join us tonight for the game and a cold beer
Happy i got my pic taken with senses fail AT LAST!
Haha had to blow the dust off
Thank you so much!
Follow girls hes single and he has amazing tweets!!! 200 followers!!!!:)
If ur at OP tomorrow morning, I highly recommend the track kitchen for breakfast. Biscuits and gravy is the best
Sitting at the dentist,bout to get drilled on..happy bday to my great grandma morie,she is 103 today, n no that isn't a miss type haha...
My stomach stays hurting ,
I want to recognize the great customer service provided me at Beverly Hills Bike Shop. Bike in at 2:45 pm, out the door at 5:15, same day!
how many hours do you work a weekend?!
Possible jury impasse looms in Oracle-Google trial | Technology ...
Really, Kelso? How could you go from Jackie to Laurie? Seriously dude.
RT : is excited for our Grand Opening event coming Saturday, August 13! Stay tuned here and on FB for details :)
:D my day just started! I rode the Bus to Hospital for physical therapy. My hand still doesn't work very good yet!
Then what are you doing leaving town!?
Guarantee to beat the Chargers now!
if your going to say "yeah" and "haha" the whole time you text me, dont even bother texting me at all.
any of the shows at Gillette?....that's how this whole thing got started last year....t-storms & rock concerts
Record-breaking heat in Denver - IN APRIL. Hey, we can still get a spring snow storm b/c it IS Colorado.
watching it too!!
Next Monday Tuesday free pizza from Boston Area Domino's from 10PM til Midnight, just say BarCast with your order then go pick it up
Hi Joyce, thanks for the DM. Your website seems to be down otherwise would've loved to take a look!
Watching the Whitney Houston Interview on Oprah.
Eminem has TWO of his albums on the top 5 highest selling albums of 2000s.
I can't stand when idiots push their religion down my throat. Stfu I don't care.
They def should of came out with a second sequel to "hustle and flow" #I'm just saying lol follow me because I will follow u
I hope everyone has an awesome day :)
GOOD LUCK!!! hope you do well my friend! :)
Thank you for what you did. It was sad and beautiful. I read each message of love and loss.
Will you ever do another show? I miss you.
Psst. Did u know Street Lee use to work at a police dept.? Yep, with a uniform & paycheck. Shame what the jobs become.
Do the hardest thing on earth for you. Act for yourself. Face the truth.
Great event at Poetry Foundation last night. William Blake's poems set to rockabilly music. Dig it.
Why is it so painful to be a sports fan in this city?? Always disappointed. I need a new weekend hobby.
But it's so easy.
no. Not github's fault. Just the errors were too erratic, and not linked to my commit schedule at all
Watch TONIGHT to see talk about #MyTwoMoms. Set your DVR too, you don't want to miss this one!
So did you?
Thank you Diamond! i love you:) RT : I hope makes the team (:
well ttrying to get his attention is hard enough, you only get a few characters, and he never follows you when you ask :'(
Working and another weekend without sex with a woman. :(
Holmen's 4K program reporting to Board on ipad & Smartboard use in Early Childhood next week! Changing the way instruction delivered!
Why is it salsa gets hotter as it sits? I mean, not homemade salsa, this is store bought stuff. FEEL THE BURN!
big ass ears. Must be Tyler.
do u still RT and tweet your fans? :)
lisa should jump on the bandwagon.... y not .. nd then alexa... :P
no one ever remembers who came in third!!
That's better...
I avoid soy as I have been diagnosed with a thyroid disease.
im bout 2 text u back now sweetie :)
Yep. I think we read out a few of the RTs on
#FollowMeIMS Between great weather, Pacers playoff basketball and the Greatest Spectacle in Racing, May is the best month in Indiana.
Sorry to hear that Curtis has been unwell, but glad you're here! . . . we've been waiting for you in the veterans' tent ;-)
Tuesday is a shithead.
that would rock. You should come to the drinkup!
Ik that was about me.
Last day in GME!
check your DM's
Cos maybe your loveable and maybe your my snowflake Ed Sheeran 'Wake me up' I love this song! <3
: yeah but nothing from them. Was hoping it'd be like Gmail and Voice were.
Screw rules. Screw parents and having no money and "being too young". I just want to live my life the way I want.
umm your on my page? :D
I totally feel like I'm sleep walking right now
I'm good with Jets green or Michigan Maize #goblue And I'm good with an office
Heavenly Kidzz looks like it has it all... what was YOUR favorite childhood toy or game?
Jcrew is a good example of a retailer combating the showrooming effect effectively.
work 6:30 am until 4:30 pm.. very excited for the Brad Paisley concert tomorrow
I'll study with you!
oh well ;/
its my birthday
Nightly ritual: death cab for cutie & ed sheeran on replay.
Those Bette Davis eyes! I see the resemblance:)
Mine for 2012 too!!! And also help me to prepare in the pursuit.
F when u r new to twitter and u keep following very girl with boobs showing! Lol that happens a lot. Seriously
Shopping on Facebook? Well now you can , click the SHOP tab above and start today! Free shipping as always!
“: Berz lead over Allen now 12 pts as more Madison wards reported #madvote”
its my way if flirting. Kinda like I'm a 11 y/o. Its what I do.
that was amazing!!
anything new with you?
i love you soo much i texted you and you didnt text me back:/
I'm hearing some really good things about 's class at #DigitalGovU today. Class act that guy from :)
One of my students is taking a Legos class this summer. Holy moly, I am jealous of him.
Hoping someone tweets from the session on interpreting slavery for public audiences
oh, so excited! you just wait, the twitterverse always delivers.
i'm all good bro, love the ass
You wish.
who doesn't love watching real time google analytics?
Grr.. Valve time strikes again
Lets go
The count down is on. Less than a week and I go to Finland !
went to Falling in Reverse venue it was GREATTTTTTNESSSS
Whataburger breakfast yum
Congrats man RT : The cover for my eBook is almost complete. Pretty excited to get this thing published next week.
Los Angeles Lakers losing series 0-2... what do you guys think will the lakers make a come back?
Having a 5 o'clock class blows. No gdi bus to take me back. It's UofLs fault
And this is why I'm glad I use Arch and not Gentoo...
Thank you, Krystie! Your site is great, too. :)
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
Follow RT Mitt Romney's robo-boner must be straining his prayer pajamas right now!
haha, waste time mostly.....sometimes me and my gf will cam over at Cam4.....check it out...you might like it? xx
I know, right? He's amazing!
is the fox theater show in boulder all ages or 18+???
Duquette once traded Delino DeShields for Pedro Martinez. Look for the #Orioles to sign both this year.
. Unhappy? No, I've told you, he acts like he's king of Madison Avenue. Lording over everyone. Not anymore though.
RT, I love this !
3 day weekend
TUES HAPPY HOUR @ THE SMILING MOOSE = 1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO & IMPORT BEERS, $2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, $1 OFF ALL OTHER DRINKS From 5-7pm!
I'm gone stunt till I can't no more
"But the way I write things, I just write them with a clash between reality and fantasy mostly....
true. I forgot hbo now has HD on demand. Although it's nice to be able to jump in say 10 min late which U cant't do w/ dvr.
Semi-related--do you know figures/wheretofind for single moms in Iceland and Netherlands? Much more common middle/upper there.
ROB WHO.
Just ordered the new CD from via Stoked!
looks like Chris brown :)
You a bad girl and your friends bad too ... U deserve to be dripping swaguu... --->
On my way to host committee meeting in Rosemont. Looking forward to talking about
is going to be unreal! Directed by my all time favorite director Ridley Scott. Can't.....wait!
Rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic!
#mydumbinjury Got into a Bike accident because a squirrel Got in front of me & I didn't wanna run it over,smashing my face and broke my jaw
Lebron always manages to get brought up smh nigga we play tomorrow #TuneIn bitches its #TeamHeat or suck Dick for coke *bob saget voice*
I didn't feel like uploading anything off the HD so I just dipped into the stash.
Jeez, they sure know how to market. I'd think a better bonus would be a $250 credit towards ANY flight.
new zzt album is SICK!
Breathe in and say to yourself, "I love", breath out, "I am loved." Repeat as necessary. It helps when you forget how good it is.
"The human brain is the most complex arrangement of matter in the known universe." What about a society, aka many brains?
on the mend after weekend staph infection! lunch at !
Why, twitter? Why?
“: Another Heat Loss #Pacers” Dont start lol Laker & Heat fans should b out buying each other drinks after 2nite lol
Sox bullpen is truly awful.
Wanna thank ya for reppin Hard for the Team bro!!! U picked a team to be proud of!!! JTP JO-WAYNE
nigga ripped my heart out i dont know
Natalie postman <3
Tired of people accusing me of stuff I didn't do! Leave me alone and fuck off get a life!
“There is only one valid definition of a business purpose: to create a customer.” Peter Drucker
sent the email for press, thanks for your help man!
YES PLEASE
Yes but only if frank does the voice : you guys have to let Dig Tussy do a segment on "News You Have To Figure Out"
"He who says he can, and he who says he can't are both usually right." - attributed to a couple of people.
Hope everyone had a wonderful Holiday weekend. Absolutely loving this time of year in the South. Very inspiring!
FINALLY tried the Barrie burger & it was delicious!
that was on the Asari home world, but you weren't indoctrinated yet
he better not
you can display this gratitude via a rib sampler of some kind. I just learned of you :-)
IMA DO MY BEST FA MY SON..
Google owns the algorithm via Adwords, Apple owns it 4 ITunes. Who will prevail of the 3 in books?
#oligingerbiggerthananyonewright what does this mean, ? Hahaha
It's extra loud in Boston in right now.
#TeamExperience .PRAISE THE LORD !
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 35
Glad I caught most of #CostasTonight on Very insightful discussion on NCAA athletics
Who's participating in Corporate Cup next month?
Want to kick it at the office afterwards? The roof has a view of Tajima LOL
We will be at the show coming from WI, can't wait!
So sick of being put last
back in the grand ol Maple Grove.
Oh, bugger. I wonder what they'll have made of the BRAAAIIINS tweet then.
I make sex with my 🎷.
hhahahahahahahahahahahahaha your funny
I will for sure! The first cover I saw of yours was "Love is not a fight" by Warren Barfield. That was pretty awesome as well.
Live life like a Pharaoh.
is selling 4X8 foot raised bed gardens for $125, completely installed on May 28th during the Victory Garden Blitz, at Urban Ecology Center.
Hey everyone tell your friends to follow us! We follow back! :)
pretty good (: u?
hi i love you! ♥
The #nitrate content in a glass of #beet juice can lower #blood pressure within hours. / Study in the Queen Mary University of London.
Stay safe everyone!!!!!
Sad day for Houston Fire Department. Senior Captain Dillion passed away after fighting an apartment fire this morning....
TRAFFIC: Crash - Wright St @ IB E. Washington Ave
#NowPlaying. Michael Jackson. You Rock My World.
Long lunch was long. Of course I would forget my keys in the apartment the ONE day Harry isn't around
Comunication cures so many things.
cheer up lol
I'll keep you a daydream away. Just watch from a safe place, so I never have to lose.
Guitar Hero all day.
Remember when I complained that my day at Coachella was the hottest day I've ever lived? Well right now is like that, plus I'm shooting.
your draft stuff is science!
One day away from the ! Craving street food already. Come stop by at the Zagat Lounge tomorrow for a fun experience!
lol u would be the one to kno, wit yo 30000 pairs of Jays
Wife out of town... Eating frozen pizza, drinking beer, and watching Cannibal Holocaust - fine cinema. Just like college all over again.
If you keep doing what everybody else is doing then you will never stand OUT you will just be one in the crowd.
zero problems with WiFi in Pepsi Center, why so impossible to post and text out of AAC?
and are sexy
hey! I hope all is well in NM.
Last Monday of Senior Year that we actually have a full day of classes(:
i think this kid is going to give me his beats.. #woah. lol
Thanks for the RT, Matt!
when's the last time you listened to some jem.
Whered I evr get the delusional dream of a TT job, and why is my self-worth attached to it? Was it the diss. process? Undergrad?
So is my roof gonna blow off now or what?
Congrats and good luck!
after the weigh ins yesterday...ortiz. Mayweather had his hands around ortiz's throat. Ortiz didn't budge and just flexed.
Ok, get one more out. It's within grasp.
#RAW #WWE I give the Miz a lot of Credit cause he actually got a Half Decent match out of Brodus Clay!
Tebow may not fit the mold of a traditional quarterback, but you can't deny his spirit. Unbelievable.
Same here, I think it would be interesting to see what we collectively abandon and if looking at those lists again inspires.
What the hell does a busker look like
That's great, thanks for the link!
Have we gone over how I like men with neck tattoos? Just scribbles all over like smacked spiders. Yes. Yes.
I'm bored :/ _Nany ♥
listening to Palace Music's song "New Partner" and loving it. some songs just stay good forever.
It was pretty awesome! Was also great to see you and catch up.
7 Critical Documents for Freelance Designers - Singapore web design
Cast your cares upon the Lord, for he cares about you~Bible
well keep me posted
RT IF YOU LOVE BEAUTIFUL WOMEN
I really want to quit smoking but it's so fucking hard
"Rosy-Fingered Dawn": better drag queen name or lesbian erotica?
Free parking @ Vinyl 2nite! Come check out the super cool rock group "Shirock" & me, DJ Hans Solo mixing between sets.$7
Booksigning and Gallery Walk with grafitti artist Cynic: Thursday, July23 at 2:30 in the Galleries. Free and open to the public.
Nah, I'm ok. Just whacked my shoulder.
Got Dam I just got pulled over and I'm riding dirty
#spurs fans who do we wanna play? Suns or jazz? I say suns right?
“: Oh, so you chew tobacco? I'm sure all the bitches wanna kiss you.”
...Same number. Just hit me up
hscked by ur best friend greg,!
Awh man, good times! I remember those days. We had a good neighborhood crew! But I'm having a grad party after grad, come! (:
What organizations would you like to us working with?
Sorry techPresident has been slow today, I've been busy texting my composite girlfriend.
how u feeln now?
hope you are having a super time in Las Vegas! keep us posted on all the gossip :) Your fans miss and love you!
John Lennon recorded & produced under 15 different aliases
yum. classic LA. I love their carne asada...
MERRY CHRISTMAS TO EVERYONE FROM OKC PARTY BUS!
I've been looping green day on my iPod and just got in the mood.
I don't know much about bike maintenance either, but watching someone unknowingly putt along on two flats will never not be funny
eating habits should be #1! Gotta have a plan.. !
RT : I think it would be extremely hilarious if Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson died in a freak paper related accident.
Triangular boobs exist. Receiving water is an insult. Deer eat dandelions.
If you're awake, tweet "i love tits"
Wake me up so I know that you're alive.
And now it pouring rain.... Well! That came out of no where
RT : You're more likely to die from a vending machine than win the $640 million Mega Millions jackpot tonight
oh ok ok it figured it had to be one or the other haha
heading to #brimfield in May! So excited!
Agreed. I'm badge-motivated! RT just finished my 100th exercise! Is there a 100 exercises badge? :)
the civil wars are on that!!
so my sister and brother-in-law met u in Mexico while on their honeymoon.. I'm pissed she didnt ask u for tickets to a show. haha
I still havent watched The Avengers -__-
lol, I just got it.
Never understood why people think its ok to block their number and call people. No one is going to answer ur call
Get out! I love that! Thanks for the info :)
ON FRIDAY BECUZ I WONT BE BUSYY!
Seeing THE AVENGERS again. So pumped - this movie rocks.
Don't allow thoughts of failure or even defeat anywhere near your mind
Don't worry, Sam. I will.
I was really waitin 2 see my nephew !!!! No call no show,
- way to go! You see, there is life after Phenomenon!
Apparently not! RT pessimism is not our friend Bo!!
It's Nicole from "Home Run Showdown." This is the twitter for my webseries!! Follow us and tell all your friends :-D
Happy Birthday!!
ha.. well maybe it's because they think your chasing them... try to be patient and let them make the first move eh?
To all who love Mermaids check out NaLee the beginning of a trilogy NaLee2010.com by Erin Sankey
CS his ass! He'll wish he'd have cooperated then.
Wanted to send you personal #FF wish - thanks for the engagement, it is appreciated!
Almost time to close up shop! Wishing everyone a fun & safe Holiday weekend!
#SometimesYouHaveTo do things you don't wanna do.
Ask to save Brenda from prison or death for being gay in #Uganda #AllOut4Equality #LGBT-- /www.allout.org/en/brenda/
She had trouble keeping track what time it was.
Jeffrey Dahmer's Killer -- Appetite for a Book Deal
Congrats to the WI Badgers on a great run in the tourney!! Thrilling game and so close.
white eskimo i love you
Good morning ladies and gentlemen :-)
If your baby is ten years old, you aren't allowed to complain about the weight you can't lose you gained during your pregnancy
Thanks God for this morning sisi of to school me ah wanting a cup of cofee enjoy whos drinking one now...washting fox11news cofeeplease
Deuces ...thanks for the four years!
Do you think Newt's wife just stands there smiling & wondering...when do I become the next ex?
Panel is busting out of the stage! Martha asking audience members questions. More on the relationship between #newplay choice and marketing.
Hardcore!! You were one of our session's most prolific tweeters, so I really appreciate that you did that.
we wanna see more tweets! follow these twitters!
Another internet kid caught 4bet folding. Felt like he was gonna do it too. Had it this time though :(. Oh well it was just QQ and I was OOP
Two new printers in ICC and more to come around campus. To follow UIS updates, check out
Isn't it just? RT UPS dropped off an ARC of 's ODDLY NORMAL, & it is beautiful. (Forthcoming from in Nov)
wow.. you have nothing better to do than to mock my status..? my respect for you just jumped off a cliff.
#hrd2011ur Please introduce yourself and what you wish to gain from tonight's chat.
It seems like you don't give a fuck about our friendship anymore or my general well being, so why should i try anymore?
Haha guess who?(;
I wish I wouldn't allow you to affect my mood. I just hate you so much.
keep it dry! lol
If you love someone put their name in a circle, not a heart, because hearts can be broken but circles go on forever!
Thanks so very much for the RT about our #seder!
Looking through our camera and laughing at everything we don't remember from last night.
I swear to god that big ang's twin from mob wives was on my flight she was just like her in every way! So entertaining!
I like Rondo, but that kind of crap is why he never reached his potential at UK. Little kids know you cant touch the refs.
Life is what u make it... And I'm painting in MY way
I agree. I opened the windows. Well, Yall enjoy. Smooches
Glad you were a good steward of that blue box. P.S. <My whistling at 2600Hz is out of practice.
One of my fav things... extremely talented people, who are also extremely philanthropic! Can't wait for our shoot with 2morrow!
I don't see that as a valid comparison.
Love the people that wear tank tops and flip flops in protest to this weather. It's Spring, dammit!
I'm tryin to make sure you know you're appreciated
We were just told that our site was used on your station on having a home inventory. Is there anyone we could contact to see it?
RT : Fear, uncertainty and doubt stand between us and those things that bring us joy. - Mark Kolke
I might be a little biased, but Knightsbridge Wine Shoppe
thank you dan!
Damn I ain't hardly tweeted all day!
GOD does not lie! -- 100Prayingwomen ()
Getting ready for our Halloween Birthday Bash at Mastrellas! Oct. 29th ~ Get your scare on! Classic Rock all night long! New songs added!
Y'all are picking some great jamz tonight, yo. THANKS from the bottom of my heart.
Based on popularity, I would say yes! There are many on the reserve list for The Help, and everyone I talk to raves.
Glad we know who milla jovovivh is rooting for. She knows talent.
Can n e body else watch porn without gettn horny?
the Portland Collects show at PAM is nicely installed with lots of surprises
How nice to come home to a card congratulating me on my election to ALA Council.
well....it is. But Morneau is pretty good. Both can be true.
Please help reach 200 followers. Every bit helps! Have a happy tweet week everyone! Thanks guys!
Countdown to #FreshmanFeast! See everybody at 6pm for some all you can eat Italian food!
I can't help but fall asleep when people play with my hair 💆
Backhanded complement? My wife said "I live so far outside the box that sometimes she needs to bring me back to it."
great decision dan..time to get better.
Killer gets unemployment while injail_4093962#.T1OYrMfyNYE.twitter Welcome to the USA 2012 in particular Cali He keeps it!
Sounders match, too!
Today, I lost my mood ring... I'm not sure how I feel about that.
I know this is a little late but whoever shoveled my sidewalks last night for me, you're awesome and I will buy ou a shot!
Live life to the fullest and don't take yourself too seriously.
Reduce corporate tax rate, alternative minimum tax and self employment tax could you imagine the employment stimulation???
yeah guess your right
an app
No problem, I saw the video when you originally uploaded it. It was cool. I dig your video.
jennifer:so what are you doin tmrw? Me:idk. wbu? Jennifer:idk.. Me:we have amazing lives! Jennifer:IKR!
I sure love him :)
Shop closed till Saturday January 2nd for remodeling. Coming soon a better shopping experience with us in 2010.
 (looks away) oh nothing...
thanks for the invite shit tooth
timeless Music
I think when the full horror of being fifty hits you, you should stay home and have a good cry
Welcome, Katie, to our page.
The divorce rate in the United States is the highest in the world. 50% of all marriages end in divorce.
But it's okay, God will be with me. :D
Schools Open! Announcing Daily Tweets reveiling the secrets of health ins Don't miss this information that may save your life and assets
I know that your the only one.
Every time I step in class I realize how much I can't wait to get out of this place..
OKAY GUISE IM LOGGING OFF NOW AND IM SO GONNAC RY SO MUCH I MIGHT DROWN
Hockey vs #SunPrairie this morning. They were our first game of the season (4-0 SP). Let's see how far the #PolarCaps have come!
You need to calm down
"#Budweiser with some jalapeno chips...Yum" Well done sir! What about #Corona and #fritos ?
About to get my heart scanned what are the odds they tell me to lose weight, Eat right, and exercise.
Whatever! Whatever! I do what I want! I sleep with the homeless!
That would hold ALL of my stuff! Love it!
WTF? Cook is back in? Amazing.
Gavin DeGraw is Eliminated from &#39;Dancing with the Stars&#39; - Who He Should Start Dating To Console Him?
yes she was there! 
Oy... I *finally* finished watching "Blackadder Goes Forth." The final episode, "Goodbye," especially the end, deeply affected me...
like an avatar
Going to take my little brother to get his permit on his birthday!
up all night and not like the blink song
There's barely a show without ! You gotta go for season 3 xoox
2 million a year, 2 years. Very reasonable considering his role, rookie salary scale, and options in free agency.
Friends of Howard Football loves us some HU Cheerleaders. Thank you ladies, for you support and hard work!
R u training right now?
A2 - , , Great examples of sites that give good product recommendations
Focus your business w/ Reflexology 1waytowellness.com!
nothing more awkward than when your sister's boyfriend sees you naked.......
tomorrows my last full day of high school.............ah
NGA is lower, 1.6% but growing each month. Also around 70% iOS but that's dropped slightly
Listening to phat beats!
Hey - Pudsey could host a better show than
Sometimes when there is a problem in a relationship the couple attacks each other instead of the problem
#drupalcon #ux Download and extend page is getting a drubbing in the UX studies. It' not clear that this is a filtered search.
that "form" was also pretty good in the 2010 winter olympics...
All good music is inspired by something, a thought, a conversation............men
Sometimes I feel like I am still learning fancy technology... like a fax machine or setting up conference calls.
“: The road back to the NBA Finals sure seems smoothly paved for the Heatles this year, doesn't it?” Sickening
Thank you and for reading :)
... m. fresh breakers!
Actions are louder than words
If you could go back 100 years, would you tell Leo not to board Titanic to save his life, or let him get on so he could still meet Rose?
Right on! What a relief huh?
Wednesday is *Kids Eat Free Day* (10y & under with adult combo purchase)! We'll be looking for you later today!
did that seriously just happen? I'm.so.bummed.out.
Silly debate going on in the newsroom...What sound/If any does a gator make?
Steve Jobs steps down!
Terrific talk today with about our respective site visits to DH centers . . . 1/2
#VolcanoGirl screens today at the Southern California Business Film Festival! Woohoo!!
what i wouldn't do for some armadillo grill from raleigh, nc right about now. sigh...
I hate you. Haha.
Since we started watching American Horror Story I am afraid to go into the basement. Yep. I'm a grownup.
We Will Never Leave Kidrauhl. <3
When someone tells me my cd is in their cd player, I get giddy like a little school girl <3
can i update my rivals profile ??
Why is it only Wednesday.....
Listening to Watermelon Slim at Red's Blues Club! This is epic.
Watching sing Miranda Lambert while driving is highly entertaining
#WhyDoIAlways find dog tags and jeans to be such a turn on?...
Yes! Nerd-sourcing, not crowd-sourcing. Makes way more sense.
I'm just really feeling a road trip full of early morning radio talk show hosts
CEO Space in Vegas all week. Staying at Loews Lake - total desert paradise.
I should take up planking
The cure for cancer, Gerson Therapy, is illegal in the United States. Educate yourselves. It pretty much will heal any ailment.
We on the same page! RT : All I can think about is food..
Time to get weird.
#Trivia What year did Citi Fieldopen?
": #Gemini #Virgo #Sagittarius and #Pisces tend to talk more than walk."
And mad props to and for allowing us to share, store and collaborate on countless files. You guys rock!
Now might be the time to invest in weather resistant apparel. Also, an umbrella. Then again, a walk home in the rain ain't always so bad :)
Gallery 924 is now open with new works by Nhat Tran. We are open until 5 tonight, so stop by and check it out!
when you coming to Columbus to work?
Booked a good win in the 4/800 mix earlier, now playing the 1.5k Chinese tournament hoping to ship the enormous 1st place trophy..
Spending Easter with >
that's pretty much why I keep my ironing board under the bed and never use it.
RT if you Judy like to click retweet.
also Green I doubt he will be back for more than $3 mil/yr
This Laker Heat game is out of control right now, let's see who's got it
overflow at palm park I what I heard
Man, my stomach was on knots last night. Fridays poisoned ya girl.
Nice! That's the Android phone to get dude :D
sounds like DNS, or routing. good times!
I believe it is the 8th, Thursday :)
I'll have another
caught up on all my episodes. Travelling for business this hotel better have BET!
B4 anybody else talk to me I need to know who their squad is.
Not sure but I think this day is in sloooowwww motion!
Thanks for the follow, !
Losin it during final tracking. Tomorrow is reserved for final mix. Almost there.
cozy night inside
Klout thinks I'm influential about the Detroit Lions.?!?!?! Can't remember the last thing I said about the Lions. lol
Strand Events Today: 6:00PM Freeman Family Funeral Homes Remembrance Service - Free and open to the public.
R & R time. Night Tweeters
It can just take a few minutes of stopping your busy life to turn and look into the eyes of your partner
new post dropping later! got a scoop on a possible PED scandal!
hi Coach, I'm guest tweeter for it would surprise you who I am. Wanna guess? Want some clues?
she really is.
It is the trouble that never comes that causes the loss of sleep. - Chas. Austin Bates
Eddie 'twitpic' Ortiz on a roll once again
Happy New Year from Operation: Sound Off! We are hoping 2011 brings great things! www.OperationSoundOff.com
life is only as serious as you take it - focus on the things that matter and don't doubt the things you know are true /end rant.
. excited to hear you and talk about Data Philanthropy!
Harden.just.don't .shoot.
#hungryearrecords: the home of manual automation!
Maulers - Asa, Rotties - Shockin', Asa takes lead and absolutely burnt up the track
When times are good I pray and give thanks as much as I do when times are hard.
#YouMightBeGhettoIf you still wearin them solid tee's..
#raw10 Police use 2 beat u n a dark alley. Now, they beat U @ AM-PM. Yes, 1 Coffee, dozen glazed donuts n a large can of Whup Ass!
oh man! Yes I did! Not sure What I think lol buy funny :)
Indiana roads are crap
:( why are my dreams always true
id kill someone for you ....
Still super sick. More medicine, more water and def more sleep...
Top10drupa No 8: Your US colleagues start saying "Brilliant" & your UK colleagues start saying "Awesome"
I was watching it earlier. They were auctioning off creepy dolls.
“: #Legalize Marijuana, or don't. I'll still smoke it.”
‎4 Simple Questions are leading to many making a 6 figures a month! Are you one of them? You can be at 9:00 PM EST 646-519-5860 Code:64630#
High school graduation rates in Las Vegas are 44% vs 71% for the national average.
I wish i was kendall jenner
The sun is TRYING to come out. 55 degrees. Cool breeze. I love living in Paradise! Pouring another cup of coffee and perusing life on earth.
One week of high school left. This is crazy. Can't believe we've made it this far. It's so bittersweet.
Spaz returning? I will not be purchasing BC football season tickets and will not be making a Flynn Fund donation.
enjoying daria right now.. i feel like im 10 again... except now i understand whats going on..
I am going to need an IV of caffeine today.....agh.
I'm sure there will be!
i think so.. unnie im a horrible cook
I need a new dealer
' An if yu dnt like it move the fuk around!!
"The difference between a job and a career is the difference between forty and sixty hours a week."
nice!!! RT S/O to #HNITH being the number 1 banger in Colorado & thus RAW freestyles were born
-.- yeah right kid
