Hey there, (philosophyjenn), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
so much to study. where do i even start
If you get on base 3 out of 10 times for whole seasons, you get paid VERY well. That means you were 'out' 7 of 10 times! Think about it...
what a loser.
get well man
nice. I'm going to be in your neck of the woods tonight for a party. What's crack-a-lackin on #MassAve tonight?
salt meet wound.
u changed ur name again? lol
Last chance, Mel! ' Buick Enclave leaves at 0900 due west!
I had a great time today at my sister's baby shower. :)
I might go swimming today with my best friends :) I hope the weather won't be crappy tho :/
isn't Chicago really like that when Obama is around?
I feel so invisible ..
Watching lion king first period.. I don't mind
please cheer me up I just lost my best friend this has to be the worst day ever:'((((((
“: Shout out to the supercool dude at the gym this morning wearing that skin tight "everyday I'm shuffling" tshirt” - stalker
Former Marty Standish just said in intvu "my wife's taken out her IUD so we're trying for another kid." :)
It feel good gettin checks every week
Pokemon Gold isn't original Togetic is in the 170's I think, not the original 150.. Close! But not close enough.. Plus it's ugly
Off to a great day of learning and fun with technology in Madtown, Wisconsin!
Goodnight. Taking it in early
- I still contend that Plainsong, Pictures Of You & Closedown is the best three-song opening to any album, ever.
City of Chicago is a motorcycle. S/O to the boss with the Bentley and the boot on it in front of the club
-_- “: I just need one good guy on my side... That's ready to ride .”
Sublime is awesome. Going to be listening to them for awhile now.
it is freezing in my house
I know why whales beach themselves. Spider-Man told me!
Its always the old man with gold teeth! Smdh
": I feel like I'm in a locker room before a game." Welcome to the MN Vikings Matt!
Me too ;) Have a good day!
What gets me the most is that now the #NTSB has placed a dis-incentive in front of car manufacturers for even offering hands free systems
so maybe there is one to filter out Coldplayish-ness (lame joke)
That would be fantastic, thanks.
It throws people off when you don't give them what they expect. Its a fun mind game.
i shaved it like 4 days ago lol.
That was such a piss poor analogy Newt used.
trying to get an pic for the auction as well!!
no problem
Wait why is Harry going to LA by himself?
Dr. Turner & Kari Stoever EML'07, speaking on social media strategy and mobilizing action. "who is #listening?"
diapers in the recycling bin. yikes. stinky, gross.
Trading n old whip 4 new whip 2day...the 300 has been good to me but time 2 upgrade
Wisdom: Just don't make that mistake IRL. In between wishes, prepare for them to come true.
Dairy queen is callin my name today cause its way to hot in this hotel
that text i just sent irie ahahaha im joked out!
Saying goodbye to the girl is never easy, but this time I know is coming home for good soon!!!
lol I agree
It have been so challenging to create a product feed for Google Merchant Center.
Charging for something makes you want to make it better. Jason Fried in Inc. mag.
#slpsnqs I began tweeting when I saw some of my fav bloggers tweeted. Amazed at how much I learn daily from the #slpeeps and #slp2b folks!
We'll be closed tomorrow for Independence Day! Happy 4th tweets!
Burberry is a young, old company that attracted millennials through the digital differentiator.
I'm so bored man.
Why can't I make her smile " ? Its a
: Buenos Dias! I had a dream of the perfect taco. I dream of #tacos just like "Jiro dreams of #sushi".
I honestly never knew who you were, I was like this kid is following me...awkk.
Cool report, great feature: Almanac Labs by
With what?
Better results: good design of surveys especially important to get faculty response
It is. And the clown in me always wants to pick the funniest ones.
your poor dukies went down! That had to ruin your night
Obama supports gay marriage, Romney counters by supporting the metric system.
Had a great day working on #Justified yesterday. Really fun, nice crew!
lol no doubt! that made me CTFU!
SMi does not guarantee past performances will be indicative of future results.
Oh nos! You did a heck of a job, lady. Thanks!!
Big applause to for organizing tomorrow #RIT thanks Mike!
Day 3 of walking 18 at the WGC Cadillac tourney.I'm a glutton for punishment!
“: : Congrats!!”thanks how are u
Fillin up on gas on my way to PA a stranger passes and says, "look at it out here. Man this is God's country!" Amen brother
At least is starting to do some digging...totally unfair BBQ'ing of Bo and WI. But, judgements have already been made.
Sorry, you guys don't wanna hear that. I'll quit tweeting.
The word pornography comes from the Greek meaning the writings of prostitutes
An when youre down on the ground nobody come around, but when it goes up everybody shows up.
Yesterday was Good Friday, today is Awesome Saturday and tomorrow is Easter Sunday! Remember the Savior and His Atonement! Happy Easter!
Should get N.B.A tattd on me since I ball hard
When leo told me he was very disappointed in me today :'( <
I can't get into the WNBA, not enough tats.
On my way to the airport. Can't wait to see my Momma! <3
The best thing we can do if we want the Russians to let us be Americans is to let the Russians be Russian.
No not yet. But I will say that it is a ground breaking step. Expect more companies to go this route.
Day and night
Just wanted to follow-up--it appears that you were not improperly charged at all. Remember there's a multi-day reporting window.
I took a break from horror movies & watched Zero Day. Ah, the disillusionment of youth, how I wish it went away with time.
Fran Toolan on publishing and metadata: There is no room in this business for technophobes. No room for luddites any more.
Should I get myself a "Get Well Soon" balloon before or after I see the doctor?
HAHAHAHAHA! YOUR CHEST IS SO RED YOU LOOK LIKE A LOBSTER!! (:
Wow Jen! sounds really interesting! Congrats! :-)
I've been corrected.. #CLIPPERS went to Round 2 in 06. Whatever.. it's a GREAT day for #CLIPPERS!! haha
Tell those fatties what's up! Yes!
WHAT are you doing?
We need a bntlouisville...
Good-night! Sweet-dreams!
where are you?
New song, "Fortress" is nearly complete, it's sounding amazing. Should be posted in a few days
Until I Fall Away by Gin Blossoms came across my Pandora station. Still holds up. Great song.
Out to Starbucks ;D
Today Show w Dominique Dawes... Talking about health/fitness. In green room w joey chestnut, irony?
not sophmore year remember all dem arguements we had i got da last word
I am loving LA right now!!!! WOW!! Chicago has crazy weather
Had an interesting visit with in their new digs at
Just about giving up on 45 minutes beyond the longest estimate, and only busy signals at the store.
That's kinda what you said though. lol
Yes, alas.
I called Florida State College for Women and offered a forfeit rather participation in a gross mismatch--they are again renamed.
Seriously did not see that clipper win coming.
Basically if anybody argues against Kyrie, send them my way.
Well you've changed for the worse..
Great Answer! Love it!
Most people go to the gym to play basketball and workout but me and Austin go to the gym to sing! Haha :)
Other theme today: Value of LEDs will be unlocked when we start integrating/designing into home; not replacing bulbs in existing sockets
ikr ppl just don't wanna be around me anymore apparently.
Huge Patio Party for Therapy Fridays at Devils Martini Old Town Scottsdale Tonight,241 Any Drink til 12am,No and DJ NYC gonna be jumpin!!!
I'm not you Hun, Son lls
YAY!!!:D only one!?:p but still YAY!!
Political statement? this week - Carl Rove & Kerry Kennedy! (Not at same time!)
JesusfuckinChrist! Why do people insist on bringing in their half-dead selves to work when they have the flu or a horrible cold?
Why am I getting this in my Twitter feed ... no Safeway stores for hundreds of miles!
what about Muppets? Old news already?
New exhibition open house slated for Sept 26: Fun and Games in Ballooning. Mark your calendars!
#sschat Thinking mixbooks for my next unit's assessment-big step but exciting.
Thank you ma'am :)
this not being able to leave the house crap is a joke. If you really have done nothing wrong than you say just that
I would buy it for $100 to pick up groceries and drive my dog to the dog park vs driving my car. :)
If I fall youre goin down with me!
I have a mosquito bite on the swollen ankle of my broken leg. ARE YOU KIDDING ME.
You're doing a fantastic job Drew ! Your voice and style are so unique, don't change who you are for anyone !
how you goin against your #CUSE alum and the
Went for a nice stroll in the sun & thought my Mexican genes would protect me but my shoulders & arms are now sunburn ha.
TSU is preparing next month's newsletter to be released. What type of articles would you like to see published or questions to be answered?
Good night Twitter peps' I love you all". Hasta manyana :)
I'm so tired so nightly night!!!😞
Sheepish wolves:-)
Whoever Director X is, he makes sick videoss between HYFR & Boyfriend idek iedkfjhfug
Introdouche; The way a douchebag would go about introducing themself. Bragging about meaningless accomplishments in attempt to impress you.
Thanks Colleen for the Snoopy on my cast...
Alien Ant Farm - Smooth Criminal
Word up! RT : "If you don't risk anything you risk even more." - Erica Jong
more power doesn't always mean more problems, if you have power and are responsible with it, you are at a great advantage
These people obtain the prescription stuffed, but in no way appear for the visit
Going to Starbucks to study b/c the strange man at library using his Exorcist voice to "narrate" all my actions kind of creeped me out.
Do you like it i think 4th round pick has a lot of upside for a guy like barber..new system new potential
Haha that me and Keith be thinking alike. I'm always retweeting his shit.
my eye was killing me when i woke up yesterday. the pain went away but everytime i bend down, the pressure hurts it.
the things i do for royce! knowing i have to wake up early at 5:30am & here i am staying up late..ay ya yai..lol
RT : You're right in that Eastern Market has soul, but looking at Gerogetown, how much of DC cares about that?
Education: Harvey suggests the need for knowledgebase that policymakers can access and learn from
he is the best and always will be. But I think he will try and play again but it won't be for long.
I'm takin brown skin swagg to a whole other level
good luck!
love is when you put someone on a pedestal, and they fall - but you are there to catch them.
get your ass to school girl
ha, we will be playing Outside Lands...:)
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions – Naguib Mahfouz
thanks g, i know i knew it xD
Follow me. (:
Nice to see you on FB. I've been meaning to stop by and visit each time I'd see your billboard. Hopefully next time!
hold up. he said okc is going to lose by 29.. he made a funny
Pictures of the Day: New York and Elsewhere
I don't have any kids. I was talking about someone lying on a friend. That's it.
our research is for ur family and all families that are affected by MS... U R our inspiration! TY!
Don't care, you play Infamous, lol.
I hate it when you can't stop thinking about that one person...and deep down inside, you doubt they are actually thinking about you.
to let me knoww tht u see this plz follow me (:
Bean-cat has re-learned the meow if you want anything tactic. In this case, "Please open the door to the closet. Okay, all clear."
Q6 I don't encounter RDA in my current position, so I haven't really followed the topic
Welcome!! RT : Thanks For Followin Me,Hope You Enjoy The Videos
watching a documentary about hair metal and they had my favorite bass player talking about playing with Motley!! made my day!
im gunna break her neck first.. and then take her so called "brains" out
Planning things in your head. Hoping one day, it'll happen.
TGIF!!! Make your plans for this weekend. If you are up for something sexy visit us!
Always remember......
Reach for my hand ;' becausee its held out for you'
- like your site. We are on the same page!
Verdict is in. Jury returning to deliver it.
Don't forget to place your orders for #SuperBowl! Shorty's Ribs and Wings will make the party!!
Sources: The have been informed that Peyton Manning will not sign with them
A diamond in the rough. In Bill we trust! RT So the Patriots signed ANOTHER undrafted guy to play in their secondary.
May i get a follow? Much love. Dr. Spanish
very true everyone needs to learn how to spell.
Supposably, we Latinos are very articulant when we conversate, irregardlessly of the language. And we are very honorabled of that.
Vegas is so much more than gambling. Pools, people-watching, and some seriously amazing eating.
the last 15 minutes of work go by so slow. all i can think about is
Sorry i was gone but i'm back now!
thanks for the tweeting marathon last night. i greatly enjoyed it. don't be a stranger, i look forward to your next tweet :)
o.o really?
limps his way to the end of another Radio Freedonia
Kicking off session on philanthropy and the digital public dialogue with 's & other great experts.
I'm a huge fan of your NYT game previews. Can u throw me your email? I edit , and would like to write a profile
Bitch nigga I Nutted On Your Girls Bread and you thought it was mayonnaise Wrong bitch thats Seamen
We had a good laugh about the fact that I forward him emails about TriMet stabbings but forgot to tell him Britney Spears X-Factor signed!
even still, I wouldn't call version 2.0 "trendy". Drink selection's better, bartenders less crotchety, vibe still laid-back.
Yes, she is!
Thinking about being ridiculous at the Sox home opener next week. Sox gear for sure, but might also wear the foam Prince crown.
Luvs Whitney she has done it again this homegoin televised is Epic & church is in a lot of homes right now
The city put a tree right in the middle of the road in front of our business. The dog is pleased.
no traffic problems, we're right off the highway at Ritchie Coliseum at Univ of Maryland
i've learned to live half-alive
is sick and HATES bein' sick!!! UUUGGGHHH!!!
Alright RT : still in the box my nigga
lol... How else would it b? Just sayin
which tournament are you at?
thanks for the tip..!
Kruger and Stalberg continue their goal scoring at the Worlds for Sweden today. The Swedes are up 5-2 on Germany.
I think mine was something about surrendering my life to the Internet.
the lonely but productive nighttime office hours
You're welcome! Did you get my letter? :)
Put the pump to your tongue (reebok back)!
I don't ever have time for breakfast, so I just grab 6 packs of fruit snacks. Lol
Living systems principles - living cycles, waste=food, feedback, nonlinearity
Milwaukee's Hardest Trivia hits at 8. Plenty of specials to soothe the pain.
RT “: Six tips for using celebrities in your "on site" Super Bowl marketing. W.celebrityacquisition.com
I wanna leave. I getting woked up intentionally. Dang I miss Blue I gotta get new car or keep flipping rentals for times like this. Smh
yes we are lucky
so excited for the concert tonight!
at least we have a half day
A Friend said that 30-sumthin & up (black) men & women think formal boyfriend, girlfriend relationships are "played out". Does anyone agree?
is there a password?
Agree! The multiple ultra marathon runner is raw vegan! Just one of many reminders how vegans DO eat plenty of protein & calcium!
Only curious, trying to prove that you still care... But this doesn't seem to respond to anything </3
Brandon Banks is fast
Dang. I was about to take a nap, but we have to go dress shopping instead. ):
good to see y'all last night!
I knew this that why I stuck up for you hahaha otherwise I would have agreed with them ;)
#MentionTo your classmate who always gets the highest score in Math.
Think you can text and drive? My story may make you think again. Watch NBC 6 today starting at 5pm
I hear its a good race. Too bad I'm not into drinking. Ha. :)
These #NBAFinals got to many damn commercials for me... i just wanna see #MFs Ball out lol
o got it
Peter Gabriel concert was OUTSTANDING!!! Now heading to bed!
Audience winner-Documentary-"Bill Cunningham New York" showing tonight at 9:15 at the Little.
Never explain yourself. Your friends don't need it, and your enemies won't believe it.
Lol <3 How did you sleep last night cutiee? (:
Not sure if I want to use it on my laptop though, since I'm happy with the GNOME 3 + Cinnamon set up I have there.
#HappyBirthdayMamaSanders Happy Birthday
Hiccuping neiman fetus too pleasantly weird!
I'm feeling quite overwhelmed today. Is there an app for that?
last year someone overheard me talking about graduation and she asked where I was going to go to college in the fall :/
Yesterday's Clean Your Files event was a great success with 40 participants and 8.5 tons of material recycled.
I suspect you chose better.
Nope. Only child. Lol
this is wonderful.
That's no good. See them in your Drafts at all? Email the name of the deck and we'll see what we can do.
everyone. Ive decided I am dead
Great goal for NY
Doc: "Mickael Pietrus is struggling. His shot just isn't falling."
VIDEO: Samsung Galaxy S I launch event | Eurodroid
Mosby Woods Elementary is having a science fair featuring exhibits prepared but kids. Tyler did one on Michael Faraday the British chemist.
ladies!! any advice on gear/must haves for someones first #ultra?? any ultra males to follow??
holy sh!t! A whole book's worth? I need it. Will it be available in N.America? Congrats!
oh yeah have fun at ur graduation ( watch u meet a really hot guy there)
We gave up on it. So buggy, and the beta only made things worse.
From a book I'm reading: 'Indeed, nothing seemed to shake it, even when Michael J. Fox left the series for health reasons' Um...
What's a bigger deal? #facebook ipo or launch tomorrow? Sound off!
:) Really, more like GEOGRAPHY is a bitch...on so many levels...
Good morning world! Make today great!
My mail merge skillz used to be the coolest thing about me. Maybe still is.
That awkward moment in the bank drive thru when the teller asks "Hi! How's the little one? Getting big?"
You taught me to never give up my dreams, so in his honor, I will take my entire class to buy #NSNDVD.. OMB,excited.. 3
know how many were in the box fatty. If you stole my milk chocolate truffle #idstartrunning. That ones for a special occasion
Does he make custom fit suits? I'm 6'3" 205 pounds, and athletic.
If we had to have the freeways, we should've built them up instead of down.
I dont want to talk about it.
Eventually I decided to sign up with them and it was far and away the best decision ever
If we were running from zombies, I would trip you!
Oh, you meant you're near the most fashionable. HA! Poor Portland.... (But we fared better than I expected.)
the Dberrie Remix goes hard in the paint
I had a blast! Have fun in Australia! See you this weekend for the game Dawn! :)
Saturdays ROCK at Progressions! Music, pampering, hair, nail, spa, breakfast, fabulousity services...
TIL my fifteen-year-old declawed-in-front cat is a mousing MACHINE. Proof: this dead mouse on my bed. Help pls
Stalking the keg fridge with $1 pints for Cha Cha Karaoke Night. Monday party time!!!
GO STATE! RT : Those veterans deserve to see #1 get upset. Do it for America.
have fun "tappin it" in the sand.
#boo so who of your followers/following's have posted the best Halloween costume pics? @ mention them so we can laugh at, I mean see them!
Pack a #FatDigga guy
OMG OMG OMG WHAT??? USTREAM IN 3 HOURS???
Great! Thanks again for using ShowClix. Have a wonderful time :)
member me?
Wait...what? Raelynn? Really, blake?
Missed free throws smh
ladies and gentleman, take note, this is what a runner with biceps should look like!
Who's gunna come if we have a pool party show in august?
Talking to you is so easy(:
let's play a game. ask me any question and i'll answer it in a tweet the 4 best question will get a shout out :D
Great question.
Stop hatin' on taylor! she's good. :P
Mitt says he'll look @ programs & decide if worth borrowing $ from China 2 pay for. Does this include program to give more breaks to top 1%?
It's so good that I totally forgot was on tonight
I vote not
School -__- Mehh At least the weekends almost here...
#Unemployment after graduation is worse. Paying back loans with no job reduces the ROI. Hard to predict in 2007.
So if Marcus Canty is Bobby Brown, who is Whitney?
#dtc435 interesting to think that art can create conversation or conversation can lead to the creation of art.
I'd bring in Herrera lol, he was throwing 101 last night lol
Favorite SPAM subject line today: "You may already be a wiener."
Shindler: Ebooks make more readers. #laskysymp (True for me, I've read more ebooks since my Kindle app than in 7 years before)
#NF ☞ Music Industry Executive, A&R Consultant to Atlantic Records, Interscope, Head of A&R, Artist Development, Publishing
NY succumbs. Secure Communities, at work in 2,792 jurisdictions in 49 states & territories, had not been activated in NYC, until today.
hi, i think youre cool. :D
*And I think that's supposed to be "schools' campuses."
Stoughton Police Department Achieves Certification - Stoughton, MA ...
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you
fiu Stanford and northwestern been getting at me
Time isn't going any where.
two days ago stupid poopid
FIRE Update - Brush fire, Acton, CA - 40+ acres burning 300 FireFighters on scene. No mandatory evacs ordered yet
This game won't be the only thing Nick Williams blows tonight.
Stay warm and out of this weather! Call Chicago Messenger to pick your errands up! 312-666-6800
but we'll see how big the bills will be
Invited to speak last night @ #AAPA2012 executive board meeting to talk about us junior folk...I think some exciting things are in the works
I know I'm really tired when I start reciting hobbit poetry about sleeping and eating in my head. "Away, away, ere break of day..." Night!
It's never too late to up your game! Book your own private basketball coach @ Idobasketball.com.
i followed =]
#IWantToHave a boyfriend
haha, and the scary thought is that could still be the finals.
School tomorrow! Only 13 days left, I'm kind of glad but also depressed about it. I won't see most of my friends for so long. Well, g'night!
THE FIRST ONE WHEN YOUR HAIRS CURLY =]
At the women's meeting? I'm in class unable to attend! :-/
haha its a cool neighborhood :)
New Covario Unit Focuses on Web Search
Makes me wanna drop kick a baby thru a closed window xD -PoKeMoN<3-
Yea I agree with everyone, it sucks not having to shovel snow and use snow chains during Christmas
House depriving himself of Vicodin for Wilson is just...ugh. So sweet.
Newt Gingrich looks like Chucky the doll grown up.
I don't like how Ivy sings popular songs. She should just stick to classical and musical theater. Def not enuf soul 4 I'm Goin Down.
Do you think the #Bucks will have more of their own fans in the stands when they play the #Bulls now that they have Monta Ellis? Avg tix $46
Bill Polian is on ESPN more than Didn't think it was possible.
Welcome back high school interns Rashida and Shakera! Glad your next semester started & that you'll be back in action this afternoon! #FUN!
I'll give you one of the beers if I can keep me shirt off.
Dnt get it twisted I blow dumb loud but wen I do blow reg dat shit hit harder den yal loud
My mom hates the music I listen to, but always nodding her head to it o_O ..
Valana Minerals is available @ Central Co-Op, Seattle, WA. Stop by n tell 'em u luv Valana Minerals!
feels like Smoak's days with M's are numbered. hope I'm wrong.
Love the Birthday Cake Oreos! Please make them permanent. They are the BEST!
who u like?
"Now you know the rest of the story" ;)
Go suns!
batgirl or batwoman? who ya like better and why?
im in Puerto Rico!! #PoloGang what up though!!
thank you!! :) im happy too! lol
We dream ourselves awake every minute of the day. -David Shields
#PeterMolyneux is out at #Lionhead. Who will Microsoft get to sell their products at E3 now? Seriously, I hope he makes another Black&White
RT : A4f: Don’t forget to incorporate QR codes into your print, and other (mobile) display, advertising
First night of hanukkah and not only am I decorating 's Christmas tree but and I forgot the prayer
i wish i can say i don,t miss someone also
Penalties killing OSU momentum
That is a really great article - best I've read today!
Haha i just finished writting my bio for my other account listening to the same song ive been listening to since last night:)
"But for what purpose was the earth formed?" asked Candide. "To drive us mad," replied Martin." --Voltaire
You have her, never wanted me! I finally see. I don't need you and I must get over this!! WORKING ON IT
Meet my MCS chum RT : i have a crush on captain america.
just wait
Weekend Photo Blowout winner announcement in less than an HOUR!!!
Currently watching super rad surf bands/eating tons of BBQ. In 10 mins, Dick Dale, the King Of the surf guitar will be playing. Stoked! OMG!
Everyone please follow>>>>>>
Drunk guys loitering and harassing peeps in Columbia Heights at Tivoli theater. - any advice? Already called cops 2xs.
Not much is more satisfying then getting that itch in the middle of your back
Let's not forget about Dashboard <333 Chris really outdid himself tonight.
Who is your #NCAAFinal pick? Any great plans to watch the game?
no i do not have more than one account
Yuck. :( so intrusive for no reason
Just added to the 2012 #wfx expo floor Evertz
now i have an excuse to come visit you in MI, no way am I gonna let such a dank/chill piece of apparel go unworn
Thanks for following man!
#np 'Set fire to the rain' Adele
FYI, & everyone else, I wasn't meaning that last photo to be sexual or pervy. Just letting y'all know I was jammin & relaxin.
But isn't that procedural? Always ask for the lawyer when you are being questioned?
Advocates Sr. Mary Daniel & Carol Harrison of LA are speaking & tabling about research at today's #Parkinson's symposium
I know, right? RT : RT : I miss the smell of my elementary school library
Hey Girl Friend Wen We Was 5 An 7 Years Old U Remember Me ?
Watching #TheVoice and sickened by the "feedback" Ms Xtina is giving.
Another Out-Of-Homer here. Thank you for your research.
This game is insane!
“: Better to be optimistic !! Yes Dali Lama very true !!” pix?
lol once my mom gets twitter I'm goin google+ or somethin..
AYE! shut cho mouth! it was my frist time at sixx flags!!! and riddlerss was scary! i cried -___-
#musicmonday "Velorum" Into the Light Carol Anne. This record finds its way onto our turntable almost every day
dont compare ah bitch to your ex , theres ah reason you left her ... dont bring her up in your next relationship tho .
freaking out rn because he's too adorable omg
lol it took me like 30 secs to get that.
When replies to everyone but you <<<
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld How High !
I wonder if political systems with only 1 party have to worry about keeping teachers views out of the classroom.
hey did you finally follow ? I did it.
Really need another lava lamp
Just wished Twitter Happy Birthday on it's Facebook page.
Awesome. On hitting Send, GMail says "You wrote 'I've attached' in your message, but there are no files attached." That is very helpful.
remember what happens when you assume ;~)?
Picks gone final: Nationals (L), Pacers-6 (W), NYY/Min Over 9.5 (W), Rangers (W), T'Wolves+5 (W). 4-1 starting off the night! 11-3 last 14!
Here is an outstanding two minute video on saving money with coupons
Top Movie Trailer http//www.youtube/watch?v=4T67UQybvgc
funniest words to ever come out of your mouth
I got them, I just was out of the room for a few minutes talking to Jamie. Thank you for the love and support you give me! <3
you off on Good Friday?
Yes, it is! If you have plans to see it, you will definitely enjoy it. I'm well, thank you. How are you?
Back home
Sorry we couldn't give much. Hope everything works out well!!!
#WaysToImpressMe you have to accept my makeup addiction lol
joking! Rat eradication. Needs to be done!
are you misbehaving??? I'm telling :)
what have you been up to? I miss talking to you.
so yeah I'm fucked at this party about to get arrested.
You can never be happy for anyone.
u are my biggest inspiration I can't thank you enough for #bornthisway this record saved my life !! #pawsup #littlemonster 4 life
Hipsters Hate Those Guys
Because I like shoes as much as the next person, but I gotta think libraries are more important.
My heart goes out to today
dude I can lol.
hows the bay area looking bro
I dreamt I was grocery shopping with Bob Barker...and he wanted no artificial flavoring on any item. FRIDAY
There's some things in life u should just remain curious about
Ross has now received the proper jersey and the bullpen is dying.
Try our handmade cookies and brownies. They are that good. We just thought you'd like to know.
Right? Could have gone with at least three different pull quotes there.
John horne on guitar.
I'm gonna mention your iPhone app. Is there an Android version?
Immediate need for a Chicago tech writer for engagement with downtown non-profit. Contact: Jay Swann @ 847.631.1299 or
my foot is fractured thanks to you
a date with me :D
me is it video or just chat?
I wish I brought head phones
Not finding G.Instant THAT different from the drop down boxes we had already. Much ado about nothing methinks.
I love , , and for promoting Foster Care support through flashmobs.
Come join us today at 12 p.m. for pizza and friendship at our first GlobalED Meeting We are an intercultural student group.
Collegiate Pick-Up Line: I would fuck you so hard, you'd learn from it!
Fired up the PS3 ... and it froze after five minutes. I guess I'll go sort my sock drawer autobiographically.
Exercise and swimming with has jostled me slightly out of existential crisis. Almost better than buying shoes!
Excellent advice. :) RT: sunbelt granola bars >>>>>>>>>>>>>>> chewy granola bars. (increase the quality of your life)
Shot outs to all my new followers!!! Follow me ~ ALL MY "PAKALITES" RETWEET #www.cdbaby.com/pakman1
Love bare minerals. It was the only make up I could wear while pregnant. Everything else broke me out horribly...
#IDontNeedAnyone trying to tell me how to live my life
Aw thanks babygiirrllllll!!! and I thank you (((:
Thursday night NFL games ALWAYS suck!
By signing , they are definitely sending that msg!
Finally an ice cream truck comes by my house! (:
Good Sunday Everyone! What Are You Doing For Fun Today?
Mom and Dad came and then they stayed in the trees watching the young one.
Yes! Love me some #fleetwodmac!
Can't believe I was at work and missed a perfect game
What about the red-headed fat guy with the beard that stands at an odd angle in his commercials? He looks legit.
shower video??
you were amazing last night; performing and karaoke!! :)
Getting things done: US Army now has presence on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Flickr, Google+, Vimeo, Pinterest and “Army Live Blog".
Awww I know me too! Sucks living so far... Missing my sissy! 😢
LPMR has gone International! See web site! Scroll to bottom for your language! Great Medical Professional sales NOW! Be HITECH READY!
Peanut butter, Avocados, Dark Chocolate, oh my!
President Obama makes public service announcement telling gays they have nothing to be ashamed about. Romney says, Atta Girl!
SUP GIRL
Love is in the air... along with a few flurries. Happy V-day everyone. Our next storm is in NV now and trackin our way for late Wed
In good times, people want to advertise... in bad times they have to. Where's your marketing effort?
Any of you guys happen to know crafting, decor type bloggers in NYC?
I Grew Up On That Other Side, Gettin It In!
I may have to come back and do a spotlight story on you and TRIO in the future.
Ugh tired of being lied to
Yes, it's safe, it's very safe, it's so safe you wouldn't believe it.
Good luck to vs. Loyola in biggest Lax game this weekend.
FBCD!!! Time to move on up!!!
TRAVIS PORTER BABY 2MORRO AWE WE IN THAT THANG
anything at all? you wouldnt feel to good if the tables were turned and someone said it to you
HAHAHAHHAHAHA. OHMYGOSH. Well I apologize but you are clearly with a superstar right now. You two are just the bee knees :D
Looking to hire new home care workers now
Hump Day Happy Hour is happening right now, until 7 PM. Come on over!
thanks, & others for helping announce Accessibility Camp DC on Oct. 9 in Washington D.C. Register - www.accessibilitycampdc.org
haha, right? It's such a strange thing
I find I feel slightly too creepy when I watch the cursor move around & text appear! Thank you for the *very* timely feedback!
yeah I rocks wit loyd I would say cb pop. He cold. But not trey tho he aint pop just more mainstream now
if you need me dont hesitate to call me,i'll be there
Charleston Animal Society participates in national study on pet selection - ABC NEWS 4
Just reading Whyte's *The Organization Man.* He calls Dewey a fascist, in so many words.
That's great, Prime! I look forward very much to hearing from you :)
I don't go by the rule book... I lead from the heart, not the head. Princess Diana
hurry and finish those!!
spam messages irritate me. significantly.
I do not like yelling 'WTF was that?' at my TV,
and by sloppy, i mean sloppy... i miss cha cha cha, taco del mar, waffle window, noahs, etc. haha
I was busy being social mommy while baby boy swam with his friends.
for real I knew how that went
Cool! I will have to talk to her sometime. I want to do creative work - im sick of sales, so I have to go & get the official training
My pin......just for girls 🌹 PIN: 2956E986 Plz I dont wanna boys just girls😍😘
like,caan this meeting end so I can stop being all secretary-ish and go get some cheese and crackers please
"Tell momma i'm sorry, this life is a party, we're never growin up."
sorry boo no ps needs u non pass holders to meet her at 7am. I'm sleeping in :-p
": wish me luck. #lockandload" LOTS of Luck Love ♥
dang their is so many good dance crews i cant pick a favorite..
MUHS Reunion Weekend, July17-18: all Alum Gathering @ the Public Market. Be there. Details = www.muhs.edu
This Alamo Bowl is insane...I should of bet on the "over"
For sure! txt me
Faith is the rebel that can not be contained, restrained, or refrained... Allow God to drop some jaws!
lol just stay in the shallow
"Put that hedgehog in her mouth and we will see how well it runs then."
You're the Ref Ref! So, you shoooshed him, right? Can you shoosh and blow a whistle at the same time? Maybe a kazoo?
thank YOU! Always happy to meet a fellow artist :)
Every time I am RT'd by or I promise I get at least a dozen new followers. Thanks pals!
Thank you RT : wow nice avi
Yes. Sub for third!
whatcha studying for?!
I'm great how about you ? :)
Katie Miles?
RT : #SadTruth dependable people... "everyone wants but cant give" ~
Ah. Cunning.
that seems very popular these days!
Ok I want to chock Justin & even Max is getting on my nerves ... Watching Wizards of Waverly Place
hope ur kiddin- BT, 1 of the most well established dj/producers in edm. A genius, literally. grammy noms. scored at least 30 movies
#TwSIG Digital media literacy is not considered yet part of professional education development.
Whoever is up get me!
Happy Birthday to gonna be a good year!
Thank you! Thank you for being a great restaurant :)
We feel the same way! RT : you had me at sweet potato fries. I could eat them all day long!
happy valentine's day everyone!
Contact me for help with a Facebook Fan Page...
I ANSWERED YOU LOL!
>- RT : Someone buy me some flowers :( I wanna feel special
Hell yeah! Gonna be a great time tonight.
haha I'm sure
Mob wives
I never have to complete, to feel accomplished.
thanks guys!!! Farmington in this bitch! Lol
cinco de mayo is tomorrow. The 5th of may? Today's the 4th haha
do you not understand racism?
g00d morning hope the sun rose upon a better day than it sat
Dear Friends, Please don't take the ass whooping that you are about to take personally!
come stop by during #freretfest! we're OPEN- as always!
finally catching up on rhnyc ... love these women!
yeay, im done with coursework. yeay, time for a celebration :)
and the inside is 0% done hah...
i fink you freeky and i like you a lot
Listening to "Cartel" always cheers me up.
Roses are red violets are blue he is all for me and not for you..so if by chance u try to take my place i'll turn around and smash ur face
Last day of school: is gonna BURN THE FUCK OUT with his truck and hes gonna blast his stereo so loud the school will shake
Guess it's official now. I'm a 2012 Emerging Leader: t.co/gQ6CBM5X . Congrats to the class!
Yep! Can't wait wait to hear what she thought. Wonder how many episodes she finished
USA Soccer is in the FIFA World Cup Finals! Their opponent will be determined tomorrow at 11:30am. Come cheer on Brazil or S. Africa.
Colorado's death penalty - an infrequent option to say the least -- is taken off the table in murder for hire plot in DougCo.
I could not agree more. Eating them right now!
CHROME! Chrome chrome chrome.
RT : En route to BREAKING NEWS: worker dead from industrial accident at ASI Technologies in Milwaukee's northwest side
Good morning tweeters! Happy Thursday!
Let me tell you about this girl I know, she likes hip hop and rock and roll
you guys are winners to me!! If that counts as anything
Operation: Fiscal Jack Hammer.
Raging AZ White Mtn wildfires, very sad situation - prayers are with the firefighters and evacuees and all those losing their homes
How about the R&R Vegas 1/2 on 12/5 for adventure 2010? Run the strip.
Yeah it is! Michigan fan?
Yea a lil
Swearing-in was beautiful! Congratulations to our newest volunteers! We know you'll be great advocates for Baltimore's abused and neglected!
Allergies. I'll get you someday.
Here we go....up with Adam Wexler and Rank 'Em
Lisa Lampanelli is all types of crazy.
I dnt kno a majority of my #follower nor my #followees neither my #followettes not even my #followeers but its ok. Ill live.
Good luck with the Twitter thing.
love my iPhone 4s!
Anyone else notice how Fred Astaire sounds like Jerry Seinfeld?!
Bakersfield is leading RGV 76-68 with 2:33 left in the third period. Koch and Butch leading the Jam with 13 each
T.O. Trained?! Wow! Stevie Johnson has dropped five passes today -- including that would-be game winner for the Bills.
I was out door to door yesterday in my hoodie, Cause it was raining. Only 2b told I can't wear one anymore
they won't let me do it in drag :(
and apparently Sherwood told me there people in the stands laughing at me on the ground
went to lunch with one of my friends I haven't had lunch with in a while:)
Our world is filled with unbelievable talent!
Vals will be on tonight at 10 and 11. thanks
Howzit Zac. I hope not the generic stuff. The tape better hold longer than a few hrs. I've got to get some paper work done.
“: If ur not at Viva Van Duzer... ur missing out. Poker, craps, blackjack, raffles, bands, djs... hot girls...” #ohctshirts :)
I don't understand how they come up with these things 😔
iknow so true!, and nothing listing to music :D You, x0
Thanks yall....Fun time. Glad you liked it. Of course...ask for the beard, get the beard.
you're right but these services will evolve & impact advertising trends & revenue in new way video explains theory
HAPPY NEW YEAR! *(*.
Modern Love.
I'd have to say Michelle Lorien because u described me, 3 yrs ago, in 2 tweets
So gross. Did you do anything?
what is best method to re engage ?
This is a great motto to live by: "Be in love with your life. Every detail of it." -Jack Kerouac
Congrats on 1 year - Sure went by fast!
YOU'RE 18!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! I LOVE YOU BIEBER!!<3
that made my day, thanks for that :)
S/O to for being a stranger lately
MVC3 is gonna PWN the gaming world
I can't find tabs for your songs anywhere. DA FUCK IS THIS
True love does forgive but, it does not hurt.
Thanks for the mention!
#RT if you got sum head for yo birthday this year
let's see
“: There is no back up plan. Plain and simple y'all.”
nothing wrong with that! :)
that ain't right
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you!
How much the Lakers winning by???
Congrats to enroll child in zone a wanting *my* supplies. I'm learning from he's 50lbs!
Mobile as platform for ebooks/exhibition catalogues.
Man south beach was lively today now I see why LeBron made the choice he did :-)
Thank for the follow Andre!
Swag is Bieber.
Got some + words on how I look due 2 changing up my eating habits and losing lbs. Those r the things that make u keep going.
Unlike any other presidential candidate, we have reels of footage and reams of print proving #Romney is a pretty unabashed flip-flopper.
Thanks for the #ff shout out!
please reply to my tweet. I love you so much. you are beautiful and just awesome
Panelists: The best way to reach us with the final report is to come out into our communities and talk to us.
YOU TAKE THAT BACK! Up All Night is fantastic!
Cant stop listening to
S/O for da follow!!!
working on Sunday......
Creativity is a characteristic given to all human beings at birth
Bro don't even get me started! I'm the oldest so I got whooped for EVERYTHING!! But hey I didn't turn out so bad!!
why are some so concerned about #Caps coverage from "general sports" shows or writers? I'm not looking for prime steak from a smorgasbord.
S/O to my new follower
Why can't people of LA drive in the rain?:(
Kids are asleep getting ready for the night.
Been Chewing The Same Peice Of Mentos Gum Since 2:30 And It Still Hasnt Lost Flavor! :)
Hey you aren't following me
finally! is recovering from this hideous bug and it will probably skip my father altogether
Glad there's something good for you today!
#ItGetsMeMadWhen people take advantage of us nice people...
If everyone was good looking what would be the point....
When that happens you debate wether to punch yourself in the dick or continue to watch.
but I really like the rest of it.
Feel like ive been running around all day-_-
Good that it's the company car then, hope Ella has a great diva party! I'd love to see you both soon!
Blue Box is excited to be a gold sponsor for ! See you there tomorrow and Saturday!
sorry.. but you know
W.O.W.... CHICAGO is OWNING MIAMI... with their BENCH, Coach Thibbs is owning it tonight... Strategic Motha Fucka and it's payin off!
Happy Friday 13 is this day #Lucky or #Un-lucky ?
Just signed up to help out at
I'm sitting on the couch
Eternity has nothing to do with the hereafter... This is it... If you don't get it here, you won't get it anywhere. The experien
How Are You?(:
what u cop? Still going on?
You rocked on Survivor!
i knew that was but i did and when we always say good-bye we luv u
My life ain't perfect, but I make it work.
Buzzed and heading to elecTRONica. Yes.
#first40songsonshuffle 13. bryan adams - summer of 69 (that song is perfect ok)
HOMEBOYS ALWAYS TRY TO BAG HER BUT SHE JUST TOTALLY
tell me more. I'll plug it on my radio show tomorrow night.
#Np 'this is the carter' by Lil Wayne.
I need a piano.
What's everyone up to today?
Should I attempt my first run on the trails of #milwaukee or bake a pie for Pi day?
I prefer Your Luminous Majesty, but I suppose Sire will work for the weekend :) Have a pleasant weekend yourself!
I need public domain footage of belly dancers. No luck in my own searches... help?
Fridays during Bock season should be national holidays.
which island do you mean by... 'island' food? :)
Congrats on the new book!
Teams are going to learn real quick it's unwise to sit starters two weeks in a row. Packers look sloppy.
we had a Febuary tease 2 and now it will snow 2nite so their it is!
#Evolve or Evaporate
This--->RT : did Cent think free speech meant being entitles to one's own cable show?
Tf is wrong with that train?
ooh lucky you!! Cupcake is awesome, or at least I think so.. discovered it in Vegas on the trip in the latest GTV episode I tweeted
Any #photography geeks stalking the #supermoon tonight? I'll be at Tidal Basin if it looks like clouds clearing in time. (#crossingfingers)
Thanks for the P Terry's Burger
good to know that you're over it
loving my life
RIP Steve McNair. Living in Nashville a Titans fan i've met him before. Very nice guy.
I've never seen campus so lifeless. #tooearly #chirpchirp 🐧🐦💤
Got weekend guests? Create memorable casual meals with Pasture Raised Grass Fed 85% Lean Ground Beef for $4.99/lb. You save $2/lb Fri-Sun
Not a big surprise seeing Dalglish go. Liverpool had a terrible season even counting the cup win.
Knowing my luck, I'll get lost or miss a connecting flight 👍
Now selling $1 bottled water at Coe Hall
Damnit, forgot to eat lunch again today.
See you Monday at Kroger in Meridian Park in Greenwood...come see us and get a great tasting hot dog...see you then
I like your tweets!
Good thought leaders enable Mini-me thought leaders who can independently turn their ideas into functional assets/content
I will tweet her
oh yeah
Of course, twenty minutes after moving all of the food in the fridge to the cooler, the power came back on.
watching people be so cute together>>>
Show me a miracle I'm hopeless I'm chokin off marijuana smoke with every toke it's like I'm losin focus
": -__- why must you bust my bubble? even lawn tickets?" Imma kick yo ass
#DancingWithDonald is the best!!
What bandwagon am I supposed to be jumping on for the shoutout? RT : #Shoutout to all the bandwagon fans.
We are very very proud to have one "Best in Black Beauty" from Essence Magazine as they are experts in skin care and beauty
Dexter gets better every week I want to be on this show.
They have a tight elbow?
Just picked up my conference poster. It is BEAUTIFUL. I am a SVG master. I will stop gloating once I find the first typo I promise.
Got my new toms asdfghjkl
Some people live their whole lives in one place and I feel like they lose out on the whole world were given to experience.
did you see that Ben tweeted yesterday for everyone to watch #WTA? Lay off the cocktails and get a calendar!
I *really* and *truly* did not know that my registration was expired, Mr. Policeman.
Win a pair of the latest Tommy Hilfiger Footwear by simply re-tweeting this message! (Conditions Apply; Geo: India)
Chuck Pfarrer, Author, “Seal Target Geronimo: The Inside Story of the Mission to Kill Osama Bin Laden
I'm prepared for any drinking game always. Garter flask next to garter gun. RT : One drink for Cary being snappy with Alicia!
Steve Blake looks like an angry bird
i unfollowed you. happy?(:
Here we go here we go again
thank u » ": S/O to for sayin "daughters mother" instead of 'baby mama'. propss.! && happy birthday .(:"
Came home to find my garbage shredded all over my room... this is why I don't care for dogs.
All your news and weather where we all live together...thanks for the earworm.
God I love that feeling when he leans over and whispers in my ear... 😏
dude! You just need to get a yea long gold membership!
my apartment is hot. my ac is off to save on my con ed bill. don't be a hero james. just turn it on.
Thank you for the Retweet!
So glad to see Will Owsley nominated for Song of the Year (for Vince Gill's "Threaten Me w/ Heaven") on the ACM's! RIP my friend - 1966-2010
Today is one of those days that I really wish I lived in the Pokemon universe.
Everybody seeing stars...his value may never be as high again in his career let alone this season.
<<<< Keeping it 1000 and staying humbled
PINK is for F A G S!
is totally covering my twitter feed with retweets.
Seriously? Your press release is centered? And in blue?
I don't think one needs a book to know not to kill, maim, or steal. Although, I really meant "when used to defend bigotry"
the king in the north!
Why do these niggas act like bitches?
A Day To Remember- If It Means A Lot To You is on
I would choose he knows Buck Owens.
both, actually :)
Smh RT : Zimmerman has FINALLY been charged. WTF took so long?
The theme song could be, "Stuck on the tarmac with you..."
So, thoughts on our beloved #Ravens drafts picks. Ready? Go! Am I the only 1 who wanted V Burfict?
What the Chicago Bears value most in the NFL Draft
let go tomorrow.
Not shocked Petrino got fired but didn't expect it and don't agree with it.
Buddy Story opens Buddy is a struggling NYC musician touring the northeast with his pet turtle. Buddy's neighbor Susan seeks an opportuni
Remember when I wanted as many followers as you....IM ON MY WAY
omg its sunny for once 😲☀
#FF for horse racing
"We make the assumption that everyone sees life the way we do. We assume that others think the way we think, feel the way we feel, judge...
Well said! RT : It’s not so much about finding opportunities as it is about creating them.
If there is not a full pitcher of sweet tea in the fridge every day this summer I'll sue
Looked up the 2 books you mentioned. Pat Conroy's My Reading Life looks like one I'd enjoy. May try to read it soon.
Great to hear you on What's Worth Watching today: loved the story of you and your daughter at Cheers: fantastic interview!
"The league has 15 days to find a 6th team." Can they find another team? I hope so.
Google: Investigating Invalid AdSense Traffic Is Extremely Difficult - Search Engine Roundtable
Last night was one of the best nights of 2012! The pretty ladys showed me SO much love! I didn't get home till 7 in the Mornin!
Omg I love #TheVoice this is so better then American idol!!!!!!!
We love our #gocrib! I'm sure you will too!
I'm having a blast. Still out at sea. Don't make too many sand castles without me! <3 Have a fantastic Memorial Day
RT : RT : Breaking: Massachusetts #unemployment drops to 6.5% in March. State added 8,700 jobs last month.
Tell those Boilermakers to be nice to the Chewster!
btch, i blow good evryday i bet i live the life you wish you could evryday ..
About to start 3 hours of baseball lessons! Time to make them real hitters.
Well good luck and loved the way UNC kicked dukes ass. Lol.
I love his spelling.
complaining about Food Network then watching 3 more episodes of #IronChef cuz no one wants to get up to change the channel
Duane Wilson of Dominican and Playground Elite went 13 of 18 from field and 5 of 8 from 3-point en route to scoring 43 in NIKE League.
G.M.N.I.: Now everytime I look up, one of my sibs' friends, guys, or associates is dead.
-hasn't even been a full 24hrs, and I've already changed my mind.. im about to get myself in trouble..
Don't be eager to run wit crowds, stay in yo lane.
yes had fever but gone and feel real good now watching fights
for those of you who attended Holy Groundz, give me some feedback...
Battle of the Bands, Hard Rock in Chitown!
Happiness belongs to the self-sufficient
that's why I didn't go to work today. Just avoid the whole damn mess.
#SomeWhereOutThere is a weirdo who thinks ketchup + hot sauce = mild sauce. NO NO NO NO NO NO!!!!!!
2mor I may have 1 4 u :)RT We're getting this water out of our basement, but it's gonna take a week! Anyone have a pump to lend?
Wow. These tilapia tacos and guacamole are giving me a mouth-gasm. No wonder the way to a guy's heart is through his stomach! Yowza.
Awesome. Thanks!
RT Disappointed to learn about the amount of media coverage "The Guardian" is giving to Rupert Sheldrake. It's not science
#wow UM retired Vasquez jersey before he graduated
outside of where the ice rink is in the winter, now summer - LSF bar much fun!
Just saw former researcher for the first time in a while, and noticed him from the back of his head! We miss you Micah!
hey heather, love your blog! i have been jamming out to the featured music all morning. keep posting!
Twitter is like Costco on a Saturday. The free sample that gets you addicted enough to buy the entire product.
$242, but I just try tomorrow in the morning and afternoon.
BETTER NOT BE HALF BITTEN
well it's a reminder that you don't talk to them ever. fair enough :)
As soon as the moving dust settles...sound good?
Ughh....when u lose control u let him go...
Early visit, did you hit the gym? RT : I'm at Anaheim Town Square () (2180 East Lincoln Avenue, State College...
So many tests if I was a teacher i don't think i would give a lot of quizzes that would be way to much to grade I think i would lecture
The new facebook app = P.O.S.
I got you, sending love your way <3
: go head 2 head Hall "Gotta work, this sucks!
what im saying is u r slighting the 3 2b players that finished ahead of Anderson > Keys Va Wesleyan Hayes Guilford Allman EMU
Well tomorrow if Friday! Hooray! :)
no! You just made me laugh! You know I love you Joe and you know you're beautiful.
#dancemoms, have you already started filming season 2 for the 2012 competition season?
I do not lol
That seems to be a popular opinion.
Yes I did! How about my friends at Sonsi? How have you been and was your Monday as productive as mine?
RE: your milk=revolting tweet: I've always felt the 2 bravest souls in history are who first drank milk & who first ate an egg.
Could you download the installer on another more internet-friendly computer and stick it on a flash drive? It's only 16 MB.
I never sleep anymore but I ain't worried 'bout it cause i'll make up for it in the summer.
Goodnight folks!!! Korver ended it!
Fixin to set sail
You need to follow people doing things you're interested in. For example, I keep up with copyright stuff here. ^_^
Flying into DC for the conference. Excited for this years speakers and the great time of learning together.
If spent their ad money on services instead they might be able to keep customers.
One apparatus for all your muscles
International day of Dance today! To all my fellow dancers, we are blessed!
Loved Gammons' comment on NESN after the #RedSox game- "People are allowed to exhale now."
Caput with the helper on the Brodeur goal
;) you only live once!
In seminar my favorites 🌟✨
Maybe test out adding the most popular searches or recent searches as links right below the search box to save typing.
Blowing Packs,Counting Stacks
Hey ICONiacz, how have you guys been !! i miss tweeting you guys :) !! ill always love you guys & ICONic Boyz<3
Come on Arod
my dreams came true :)
Yeah man. Hopefully we're back next week.
Create soft, healthy-looking color to wake up the skin in the prettiest way with Rosy Cheeks this Spring.
Bump Weekend at Burnies atleast every other day
Your right to use exclamation points has been revoked.
I love you Erika Thomas <33
I may be blocked already, haha.
Do you still review application 4 times a year for fellowships?
Just bought the hunger games.
good morning Lou! :) x
nah i mean exactly what i wrote
Yes, God can swim.
I like your work style!! :)
Goodmorning♥ hope you have a great day today!
new construction 2 bedroom available on Broadway and 33rd street in Astoria Queens New York City, price $2750.
Save some for campaign contributions MT : I bought 2 tix & if I win, that's a LOT of slummy houses I could knock down/redo
Brew day today, FINALLY! Trying out something new, a German Pale Ale. Maybe a new beer style? We'll see....
He is on to something. RT : You could never be ice cream. Because you're so hot. And a person. ツ
oh you working woman! Let me know if you do! 😘
coming up in a few mins on 91.3fm
"DROID is a trademark of Lucasfilm Ltd." WTF?!? Is George making money off this?
He's on Fire!!!
great! Been working a ton! I been working since last Thursday. Just taking a quick break.
Not allowed on the internet till tuesday. Oh noes!!!11!!
Yeah yeah I'm playing with your balls..
Fudge !! Is 2 :/ i need to be up in four hours for work !!!
Very excited about Google+ for #googleapps though. #w2s made it sound like less than a week! Yay!
Want do you guys think of the SoulMotor songs you've heard so far? We want to hear from you
I clutched my pearls just from the excerpts. That genre of lit is not really my thing, but I am intrigued by the books popularity.
Crazy fact: Ten percent of all photos taken by humankind were taken in the past 12 months.
I'm cool! Aww sorry 2 hear that (pun intended). Still wish I cud have come 2 support! Well I'll have 2 catch u nex time! (Hugs)
I wanna go to red lobster tonight!
I mean, I know it's unconventional, but I don't see the case against letting them score about thirty seconds ago....
I have requested Mister Hingle's friendship.
Headin over to sing some frkn songs Station
Also joining us today to talk about Bealefeld tenure: Baltimore Councilman Nick Mosby
nicely said :)
so who is at fault? What are you really saying?
My voice is chaning!!
I know, but everyone deserves to have beautiful healthy looking lips, right?
You are so right, those academy folks are a little off this year.
Drinking on an empty stomach <<<<
Allie Thanks for following us back! Come party with us soon
design and implement a 10-month survey of archival collections in the state of mato grosso, brazil.
paintballing is the best thing anyone has ever created
Its crazy how ppl look at life, enjoy it be blessed to be alive
I received a Kindle Fire for my Birthday. What is the first thing I loaded on it? God, No! Great stuff!
sorry to hear Darren, Is Scutter a cat? (Dogs don't usually live that long.) I feel your pain.
pickingg up the brothers later. might as well play basketball as long as no ones here to steal it from me.
Holy crap! this is horrible! stretcher out on the ice.
Birthday drunk is the best kind of drunk :P
Officially on the Jessica Sanchez band wagon. Voting for the rising Filipina star on American Idol!!!!
where's your Facebook? #amilosingit ?
I guess there's a reason why "touch screen operator" isn't listed among Telep's resume.
I would like to exchange follows/support. There is a free promotion site for more followers on my site. FREE!
...def won't get back in that game for a while! ;-) Loving my new game of " A PAIR AND A SPARE" ...with my own rules to bend!
Timeline is dead how are you guys doing?
Song in quirky waltz time accompanied by peach ginger tea.
Wow guys you rock it's not even 12am and already over 60 birthday massages. Thank you all:-)))))) #FB x
#ideas2action running out of power so may be last tweet! Mary Bondmass is spared (perhaps) my quoting her during her talk!
And for a bonus, we'll also issue Ralph Denney a turd for every day he has not removed the bogus GLT poll from his web site. That 60+ now.
when and where LaLaLa
Thanks for choosing to taxi with us! RT : All good. I called Flash Cab.
I try to surprise you and make everything right, #yournothappy and then of coarse you wanna believe rumours..
ITS 5 AM HERE..LOL.:D
the music i listen to in the morning is like a transition between my dreaming and waking lives
it's a double shot of espresso floating on top of a hidden layer of half and half and a shot of vanilla. It's delicious! You shoot it
ya.... They don't make her any more :(
I hate where I stay at
RT : Nothing makes me feel like I'm not a digital humanist like reading job descriptions for the digital humanities.
I'll praise u in this strom!!!
do they have a Facebook by any chance?!
#LetMeExplain What Easter is about . It's about Jesus . Not no Easter bunny and an egg hunt . Jesus before anyone because he died for us<3
Hume disagrees somewhat with report claim that faculty don't value electronic repositories. What about what we see in the humanities?
I think I'm gonna be sick. (in a good way)
I already called.
Cheetah + dive hood = pureawesomeness.
at least something exciting happened lol
Storytelling is important part of play.... three parts to a story: the story of me, we and the now.
My 3 Cockers: Daisy, Lily, and Violet. Cat is Blossom.
WELL PLAYED! #Burritilla #OrSomething RT : quesadilla opened up and made into a burrito
the daily routine u know
Can we borrow your awesome gong for a night? We want to use it to silence people whose pitches go over the allotted time.
Ugh what is that smell? Oh ya my dad's cooking again.
They abstained. Al Davis is a clown show
Sorry I'm gone.
were u talking 2 me of riley? lolz:)
What about Ruffles bits?
You are healed when you can say to yourself, I matter, I belong, I am worthy, I am safe, I can express myself, I am loved.
I just saw Glee's promo with WMYB....I dont like it.
see i never forget about the hommies. I am a real friend, I dont let what the industry thinks sway me away from my friends
Uh oh RT : #nasi2012 We're back. And this time my phone is fully charged.
Thanks! That was my rainy Saturday project last week.
Time to plan the corporate New Year's Party! We can help-but it's booking up fast!
Thanks to all that came to last night's , to for hosting, & to for drinks! Join us 2/15 @ Nattys!
I would love to help plan a in Milwaukee!
Uhmm, you are at a BAND BANQUET!! Why the hell do you look like a whore!? psh,
A place where the cost of living is less expensive,there are respectful country boys,people are laid back && country music rules.
You TOTALLY win! Frames beat pixelated images ANY DAY!! LMAO!!!
haha I mean sentimental memories, you're getting too deep with this
Lob city
dude are you that sad maybe you need a counciler no offense, but get over it bro, try to find another. there are others.
I hope Cam puts all those songs on a mixtape.
Manchester city!!! Old men can stop crying and having fits now
Either way, it would be a shame to see #IUBB #UK series end. Such a great rivalry and two teams that should be champ contenders for years
Your Twitter entry for the #ValentinesDayGiveaway is in! Good Luck!
not too bad lag today on espn feed... Only one away from the money on tv
Happy 2012 to you too Joie! I hope it's off to a great start for you! :-)
2) The Wrecking Crew - session musicians in LA who played in the 1960's
It might snow here in Chicago today!
OH SNAP YO GOT ON U!
RT : shoot if I had give you a tally card you woulda save money--> Does some1 need a #TallyCardz?
Soul Surfer was amazing♥
Hey I got 70% of my stuff back over a 33 hr process but file name/folders changed. I used stellar Phoenix. Time to go cloud!
This fucking show makes me cry every time I watch it!
spring contest coming up, looking for some helpers..stop by the website and check us out..
Last night, sleepily, I wrote a note for myself. It was just the letter L w/ a circle. Now I can't remember. Maybe it means I'm surrounded?
:-D Dont be a stranger
Is it better to have been a has been than a never was?
RIP Levon Helm ... Now all three of the band's amazing singers are dead :(
I know right... I wasnt addict no more lol now I need my twitter drug bck
Late night Hadoopin'
BOOK GIVEAWAY! RT for a chance to win a signed hardcover copy of new historical fiction novel Grosvenor Square!
Lin just went Dirk on Dirk!
Ok thats cool. So they are easy to work with?
heard Ricci playing through all 24 Paganini Capricci (u tube !) no one else gets the essence of these pieces like he does: natural musician
God I love that show. So mad it's over for another season.
Thanks for the bro!!!
actuallyl i's 2nd time; first time since moving to AZ.
90 minutes of sight-reading music tonight was much easier than I expected... Had played none of the pieces before.
Importance And numerous kinds of Court Surfaces found out in Tennis
you're welcome!
Eating Boston Baked Beans!!!!!! Are they not the best candy ever?
"Love is fragile and we're not always its best caretakers."
Looking forward to working with you on "Candor".
Thank you new followers:
#Babe yur so Cutee nd I cnt wrap myself around why I like yu so much. I wanna be with yu so much. I love you Pamela ♥♡
Poor rappers, lol
I don't think she's even at 100%.
Just finished the #P90X Chest, Shoulders and triceps workout. Topped it off with
Thanks for the love :)
Kidnapped by BRICHITT!! Mitch thanks for grabbing my truck
I hope I'm not coming down with a cold cause that would be inconvenient.
I'm gunna miss you Florida, with all your nice beautiful sunny weather!!:( but time to head back home to Chicago!
Who should I bother right now?? Cant think of anyone who would be awake.
really walking dead is loosing to Sons of Anarchy? Very interesting. What does S.O.A have that walking dead may not?
I just called you
RT Eat right, exercise regularly, die anyway. ~Author Unknown
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese. As if I don't have enough on my plate.
or on Perkins rd?
It's devastating to see Cambodia's land-mine legacy first hand. Number of casualties have fallen but still a big problem here.
Just found out the TV movie Undercover Bridesmaid airs tomorrow and Sunday on Hallmark channel. I have a featured part as Claire the maid :)
Boyfriend is asleep on couch and he talks in his sleep. Just now, he took a deep breath, rolled & pronounced "Wake me up, before you go-go"
Having a bad day so maybe will notice me & make it better? (;
do you have the spoilers for the may 24th impact?
Do u think racism is dead and gone in America let alone the world?
So glad that you enjoyed it so much.. Were you impressed with all the costumes at your showing? So many people went all out
Oh you did! It was a great start to the week… hope you had a great Monday too!
Palm oil and the dissonant chords of green groups
While watching 2 girls hump each other on the dancefloor, informs me that move is called the "Jersey Turnpike."
you started it. just sayin
My morning bus <
Met some great #RockStars in my Resume Building for Emerging Leaders session today at #Illinois #CommunityAction Agency conference in Spfld
Nice. Living the dream. Sitting on the right side of the car?
he gives eggs to his grandmother?
Start your day with something delicious! I recommend trying the Horchata French Toast at Asada Desert Grille!
Obama at The Jefferson Hotel closing 16th street in DC. Another reason to vote for Romney.
Damn, well I'm in the bay an I'll probably take a trip out there soon so we defintely have to link up :)
: ... and no with that RT I'm not mexican... but i love it! :)/ love me or my Mexican tweet!? :)
they do for 1/4 gallon
The 2010 MLK Holiday Celebrations-Houston Will Consist of Many Culturally Diverse Events..For More Info Visit Us @ www.mlkgrandeparade.org
((grumble))((grumble))((grumble))((grumble))((grumble))((grumble))((grumble))((grumble))((grumble))((grumble))((grumble))
The Chesapeake Bay area is full of wonderful crab house restaurants and great bed and breakfasts.
Maria would like to wear her little red sox cap that her Auntie Ali gave her while the game is on.
“One’s destination is never a place, but a new way of seeing things.” – Henry Miller
Someone take me to Canada.
Whew! Back in the office after 6 days of travel to LV and PIT - recovering from #upceamktg and #sidthekid's amazing show last night
It's been a long ass day. Time to go fuck with my best homie
Canada's circus king and first space tourist, Guy Laliberte,was born in 1959--a year after Paul Anka had a big international hit with Diana.
The best feeling in the world is holding a newborn! So precious!
Today was with SABRINA DEA and LORENA in the amusement park it whas CRAZY We were on many railways and we ate a BIG MAMA cotton candy
Feeling extremely #Salty right now
too much suspense as it is :P
Much strategy prevails over little strategy. - Sun Tzu
Enjoying a cafe au lait and killer peppermint chocolate chip cheesecake while getting some work done
Boy You Shaking Like Ah Stripper , Tighten Up ..
only god knows...
#FreeBoosie worked I guess
any idea of timeline for payback yet?
the seattle library has free digital streaming of recent movies. not sure how common it is elsewhere...
Getting excited to host Conference Finals this weekend!
To be successful you must first get the world around you to believe in you...otherwise the world will simply put you back in your place!
May be getting a TV series I've heard. Here's hoping.
lol omg this is my picture!:O
What are your contingency plans? Have you looked at your exit strategies? Look at those contracts in detail.
People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones. They should throw parties with strippers.
Picking up a thirty yard dumpster in The Woodlands!
Commit everything you do to the LORD. Trust him, and he will help you. Psalm 37:5
"You can take the girl out of Utah, but you can't take Utah out of the girl." is how the Brooks & Dunn song REALLY went.
right back at you<3
People at bellaire assume things way to easily and quickly.
Shawn won the conference tennis tournament tonight! #1 seed singles Champ and #1 doubles Champ!!
If your YESes are in alignment with expansion that supports your awakening and evolution .. GREAT!
Well played Toffees! Taking points away from Manure at Old Trafford.
Heard woman who yanked would-be carjacker out of her car in NE PDX,was about to tie him up w/jumper cables-when he got away. 11pm
Props 2 & 4 their SWEET TOOTH ish. It's 1 of the few books that's survived my bloody purge.
woo! new songs!
A song will outlive all sermons in the memory.
DJ's really do save lives.
we're gonna come sample it all in august. will try and bring joe with us.
worst movie since Act of Valor!
well sounds fun! If the sun keeps shining maybe I will put on my dancing shoes 2!
That's our poison! RT : Drinking Lemon Cello?
PR Pro tip make sure the time is accurate on the press release.
