OH MY I WANT TO JOIN YOUR
If you don't get everything you want, think of the things you don't get that you don't want. - Oscar Wilde
Nobody's perfect
Out of the strain of doing and into the peace of the done. Julia Woodruff
but I've experienced the most growth by being in & learning from a relationship so far in life.
Hey, thanks for the shout out.
This roll call is interesting. So far almost everyone loves their #Costco #kosher selection. What would you like to see added?
Going out for dinner hope my pups will be okay.
#fufb for changing the layout and adding the ticker
I concur!!! Big night tonight!! RT : 4 more hours folks -- GO #FLYERS!
Ask about IPO. That's coming up next!
“ “ Thinking about somebody but not wanting to text them 1st””
What's everyone up to?
Unbelievable!!! The Broncos upset the Steelers as carves up the Steelers D with the most passing yards they've allowed all year!
I turn off all the lights and barely one minute later my Roomate goes through the house, turns them all on, gets a cup of water then goe ...
RT : I'm great!! Congrats on Being in OKC's Best Chinese RT : how are you today?
Fried pickles are the isshhh.
Haha better off
Congratulations to all graduates! Have a great weekend.
don't buy gas Sunday April 15th its a protest day, be down for the cause and spread the word
Did you know if you visit the Mazda family at the Washington DC Auto Show you can get $300 bonus customer cash
Not ever having to worry about overages (ie unlimited data) is worth a lot to me. 4G would only encourage data use
Headed back to !! Hope to see you there
Nice shirt! Must be nice to have your own shirt and not Vinnie Mac's Nexus bullshit on it!
congrats on the pickup!
Some points: (1) Congrats on your weight loss! (2) We're confident stickK will help you exercise. (3) Thanks for the shout out!
Look at the fear!!
Homework all day long. Sundays are a great day to catch up.
Other people and things can stop you temporarily. You're the only one who can do it permanently.~Zig Ziglar
RT : With New Chicago, a Lagunitas brewery on 18th & the presumed 5Rabbit Pilsen brewery, the #southside is the place to be
have it your way, Burger King.
i can wake up to #englishlane every morning. #wake&bake
#breakingbad fans should tune into for background on the meth epidemic. Some neat computer-assisted reporting highlighted too
could TED-ED's purpose be expanded to teacher development?
I'm sorry but basketball wives.. who is these hoes married to??
this game might drive me nuts.....
Happy Mother's Day!!
Everything that use to matter, doesn't matter anywhere.
yeah, we're going to have some good rants tomorrow morning...
Isaac Carree CD Winners are Markeita W., Connie H, Don W. Congrats, please check your email! Next contest begins Monday!
RT : family friendly is all about Orlando City Soccer games! The bigger the team gets the better it impacts our local economy!
what u buy me?
Who out chea fuckin wit me.. huh tell me that?... Im bout 2 drop that shit... where my pamper at?!
do we have a test or quiz or w.e tmrw?
Academic friends: taking my iPad to Japan instead of laptop. What apps help you do your work? Which ones are must haves?
and we miss you, buddy.
you were great! Thanks for coming to !
Got my invite to the World Championships this morning! Soo tempting...
homemade chocolate cookies with peanut butter chips
Birfday next weekend.!
have fun?
Trying to get as much time as I can with my grandpa. Might go over and watch ABDC with him at the hospital tonight. He loves the show ((:
Procrastinated procrastination so now I literally have this one day to study for my first anatomy test of the summer.
I never said I wanted to go to the zoo with you! If you thought so, you were mistaken!
Did Doc not learn my lesson from last year and spend on Utley?
Tabu Lounge SA - tonight's gonna be hot!
Text Me
Looking for a HH spot for tonight? Come hang out with us on the patio! Beautiful weather, and even more beautiful drinks for $5 until 7!
One caveat coming from NJ, I am a sucker for Organ Trios and Chris Foreman can play that B3 Power to the Leslies!
Seems like they they are finding every excuse in the book to keep from working. The latest has been, "The grout needs to dry"
& every1 who has a day off in honor of those who serve & have served our country, spend the day Lunch, shopping, great exhibits.
Yesterday has gone. Today is New. Tomorrow is hopeful... Let's do this!
hell yea... I bust my ass to help everyone can't somebody show a LITTLE appreciation.. Remember that when ur hands out..
"Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle."
Yessir RT : raise it up this week?
Happy birthday !
Congrats to all the SRU seniors graduating!
thanks for adding me to your UX list...
Hope you're having a great week!
A 1 hour fire drill @ our building. Prepping Celebrity Trash and Bash in my car. SMH!!!
Its a Safety Suit kind of evening.
LOL maybe! Maybe he's got it down to a perfect science and is laughing at us with our too-hot food.
Learning blog is something we have discussed but for it is perceived to be a much more significant commitment.
It's amazing how one hand can completely turn your poker session into S**T. AI with QQ ( huge bet) after I got reraised. AK calls. Flop K.
Menards is donating metal, yard storage shed to Vikings for their new hall of fame.
i hate when im on the couch and i hear my phone ring in the other room.. fml
They probably all have Occupy Portlanders. #occupypdx arrest them all!
Good point.
thank you love!!
On the road to with Bagman! The meals have been insane!!
been there ass beatings then again I've came back when down by over hundred
will you be my super man? ;)
according to the AP, the choice "Other" is currently leading Jon Huntsman by 20 votes.
shoulda been another L... Love hate.... I'm just being silly
You know what today calls for. Beer battered bacon wrapped tater tots, smothered in chili served on a pizza. Your heart will go Supernova.
Wigan vs Blackburn starts in ten mins, home from work early so I'm gonna have a beer and watch the match. No surprises there.
shit is fucking good, that's why
are you still at school?
ERGO Baby Organic Carrier Petunia Pickle Bottom - Peaceful ...
I know i better be gettin a plate on my lunch break or ima be mad at somebody
thank you! I can't wait to meet the team, xoxo
so, what? Vote for Gingrich? Paul? I mean, you may not like the choice but hey...is not voting a solution?
whatup RIO!! Day 1 of 2 shows in RIO starts today. WE READY!
im still stuck on Miami! :( LOL we in sync with our non ny likes! ;)
So far: Church, long talk w/hubby, Twitter checkin. Now: Yard work. Later: BBQ w/good friends -- elkburgers on the grill :)
IM FCCKIN HILARIOUS :)
Perez close the fucking door already!
wanna have a beer with me?
Sinatra would be impressed
I really wanna go to ikea
oh nothing much tootsie
Agreed. We tried everything, and we will surely continue to investigate.
It is what it is
I was actually going for the 2 hendrick cars towards the end, (Kahne and Jr).. jus glad Ky busch or Kenseth didn't win
Hello all...
Sitting on the couch with the windows open counts as going outside, right?
"If you hear a voice in you saying 'you cannot paint', then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced." [Vincent Van Gogh]
we won our game! we broke our losing streak! yaaay! :)
Booboo is in it so that's how haha
Hey. Your name is like my name. Weird, huh?
Hahaha for sure :)
Ticket Mouse Droppings
Us too! RT : Who else is ExhibiTweeting at #MPSA2012? So far:
thanks for flirting with me via twitter. Made me smile. I am ready for bigger things in my life. So I am refocusing on art again
maybe we will include you in our next one!
Agree. There is such a thing as an overcrowded chat!
they didnt make you show your membership card?
going to sleep early tonight
Check out the Elwood prom photos in Monday's Herald Bulletin.
Thank you. I found your profile through a friend. Awesome profile.
Yes they should. Gay people have the right to be just as miserable as married couples ;)
still in bed, pretending I might hear about a snow delay if I wait here long enough.
Come celebrate the long holiday weekend with us! The museum is open until 5 p.m. Friday through Monday. (Opening Sunday at noon.)
I liked before you
lmao. Oh gee. Freak out bro.
thank you Cindy!! have a gr8t weekend!
follow back kinfolk act like you dont know nobody..
Meli American Bistro TONIGHT with guitarist & Baltimore Legend MICHAEL RAITZYK!! 8-11:30pm Don't miss it!
went to the best man hunt party lol
maxim is entertaining but you didn't learn anything useful about women. Trust.
I feel like their practicing street fighting lol
#Bands #Artists join Dagnomusic.com today! Sell your music and you keep 100% of the sales!
ha.haha.ha :D
Football all day baby!!!
Yes. I live in DC, so easy commute for me. :)
And for the record, I have an iron stomach. More than I can say for 10-15 people on this flight.
Just saw some guy shamelessly lick a handrail for cash. That's one way to start
praying for an easy practice
Congratulations, ! How are you going to celebrate?
Do it.
Breach suspected at Japan nuke site Two workers suffer burns after wading into water 10,000 times more radioactive than normal.
Thanks Chris! You shoulda been there--it was a lot of fun. /te RT Congrats S'food!
Thank you! Let's home this keeps taking on steam! :-)
I bet you guys don't show up to the funeral in Chardon tomorrow. =)
Good luck to you all!
shhh! I can finally get higher scores haha
Hi Mr. Aronson, Thank you for the follow. Feel free to tweet us if you have any questions regarding to our industry.
Yay! You will! RT : oh ok, I think you've convinced me to do it. Hopefully we get a spot. :-)
In 2004, Barry Bonds' OBP was .609, he walked 232 times, hit 45 HRs and struck out 41 times. Remains as ridiculous today as was then.
#supportlocalmusic Live in 5min with a few long songs.
idk if this tweet went first time or not, but come serve free food and play with lil kids goose hollow family shelter tmrw 7pm all welcome!
lol whats a park? Lmao never heared of a park. Lol i get bored of them.
#YouGetMayjorPointsIf You know where the kitchen is and know how to use it
what time is your appointment tomorrow?? I think we can start counting the hours until you get your train tracks off! Haha <3
you are welcome! btw I like your video on technology & education...I think the key is in empowerment, not in control.
I call plays like I'm the quarterback my team never take a loss never hit the sack
They say that love is forever Your forever is all that I need.
this y i hate being stuck bored for 2 long,because this is when i get to thinking about everything just a lil 2 hard...
I know what you mean. I have those nights a lot. Hope you get some shut eye though :)
STRIKE A POSE!!
Boy, are you in for a surprise. Hehe.
Chris and Jason are HILARIOUS!!!!
thats not very nice
This is the snake that is loose. I'm going to take you home if I find you!
Sweet. Is Paso Robles a client?
Thank you Sonny!! If I do I'll send a shout out :)
Babies? Haha. Kidding.
I would love to see what that presentation would look like!
Off to complete my third layer of revision. I really like the layering technique it's not as overwhelming.
NVM! Just a two-pointer.
"This Sunday, we will be watching the Super Bowl not only for the game, but for a world class lesson in marketing"
Having to be the only adult in your life.
Craving grits...
I hate those moments right before you go to sleep, when you are forced to think about all the things you tried so hard to forget.
Using the #(+topic) on Twitter can be a great way to create an ongoing discussion board in your class
Feeling okay for once
'Electric City' to join charge of animated shows onto Internet - PopMatters
Thanks for spreading the word!
Sounding good Bro!! Was that "Brown Sugar"?
because it just feels right. and we have high ceilings... so smells don't linger... it's the little things i like about the job
everyone is saying they are but it hasn't been announced :/ my mum doesn't realise I won't be talking to her until after June 9th!
TEASER ALERT! TEASER ALERT! BIG news coming from Indy Reads on Monday. Stay tuned for an EXCITING announcement!
one more day of finals then its vacation
RT“:I’ll b on 2morrow at 7AM, tune in to see how my plans keep backfiring,thought it would b way easier than this.”
well it was good till the alarm clock went off
Great meeting with today - Thanks for all the healthy snacks!
Don't jinx the Reds! It has been far too long since they have been good, let alone even had a winning season! Tired of Cards!
Enjoyed your presentation on Tuesday. ;-) And we love having you all as a community partner.
Town Hall meetings are so exciting!
Being an Aspie means I can SUPER FOCUS.
The bottom of my feet hurt .
Why would a "liberal" think????
I hate it when I do something amazing AND NO ONE SEES IT!!
I just completed one about my own doozy & it was more of a "what I hoped" "what happened" "what I learned" piece. That help? -
u can always try #AdvilPM's less sophisticated yet equally effective brother #whiskey. Will put u right out on flights.
Great weekend. Now time to read a good coupon book and head to bed:)
lol, show off
I'm just trying to get use to this thats all i didn't know u can tweet on other ppl page
Does that make you "a bit of a prat?" That's my title... And I may insert that phrase into my vernacular.
Will I see you at ?
Theres a guy walking outside my window singing love songs...
Walking to lunch downtown in a Pekka tshirt & heard "Go Preds!" from a passing school bus of field-tripping kids.
Very appropriate 4 his birthday RT : "Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world." Nelson Mandela
old school hip hop/rap from the 80's and 90's is thee best to me hands down its like my addiction...
I'm not a fan of bieber but I must admit I am well jel of him
did you receive any type of confirmation?
I've been travelling for work all week and my 10 year old son asked "Dad...are you going to be home in time for Not Top 10?"
sorry didn't see your tweet. until now.. The winner was my longshot play, just because I liked the name..lol
thanks for the welcome! Glad to be part of the online #caschools and #earlylearning convos!
Our bad on the Pirate game. Canceled, we've just been informed...
yes! more trees more trees more trees!
Whenever you r in a relationship and do some devious shit to your mate..just know it ain't fun when the rabbit got the gun!
Agree 1000% RT : I would much rather have Schiaparelli's insouciance than Prada's earned chic.
is kickin some major a$$, Im lovin it!!
Hi Victoria! I'm taking a writing break but gathering my thoughts to get back to the Might Oughta Keep Singin' book. seeUsoon!
We have more people in jail for violating a drug law than ALL of Western Europe locks up for everything.
I would love an #EngageorDie sticker! Excellent, succinct advice on so many levels!
i am so late with this but my morning was/is great. :)
well.. it's about that time to go to work. adios, bitches.
love all of you I just ordered a Alexander Wang fur for Xmas perfect gift!
Hey what server host do you recommend for Wordpress?
Thanks for the follow! Ciao to Milano :)
Romney is a tone deaf dope who makes Kerry look Clinton-esque in his ability to connect w/ people.
Tried cross country skiing. Only slightly more enjoyable than downhill. Emphasis on slightly.
...haven't been this hurt in a while....😔
Anyone looking for a roommate next year in hays? Lemme know
look its my other account! ^__^ its for you <33
My buddy is veggie, but I really want that wizzy goodness. Are there any other trucks with you today?
this preschool final <<<<<<<
In secret places, far from pomp and pride, / The kind affections of the soul abide. (1850)
Did you know that writing guru is now on Twitter? Here's to taking it Bird by Bird, and tweet by tweet!
#subwayfitchat Monica, thanks again !!! :)
IKR! He'd be like sure sweetie, anything for my fans (: XD
grayson may be better but people at archer are better looking
Tired, I can't wait for the trip.
My pleasure.
Feeling like I've got #life all figured out; I remembered to get a new roll of toilet paper BEFORE sitting down.
#20ThingsAboutMe 10) i will be a freshman in highschool in august! :D 11) i am always nice to people. 12) team single!
Getting ready to photodigitize whole vessels from the NPS collection of Chaco Canyon ceramics. Gulp.
The secret of a good life is to have the right loyalties and hold them in the right scale of values.
Jesus...is just a Prayer away.... WE are Never really Alone Jesus...waits for us to reach out and seek his Help and his Word... God Bless
😱 My bitch in twitter jail!!!! Ctfu cause we was JUST tweeting about being in jail 😂😂😂
Today has been a beautiful today, how was yours, and remember bitches be honest.
Hey, remember Britney in Fahrenheit 9/11 saying we should trust G. W. Bush? ;)
dont deny it. U want this lol
CONGRATS to Crystal Bell on being named ASun Defensive Player of the Year!! #fearthefin Time to do work in Macon!
It's time to raise up a generation who's saved not only in church but on the job, in Publix, at the pool, and on vacation.
that sounds great, hope ur having an awesome day!
I'm just a hopeless romantic
I almost just fainted! I'm so happy! I cannot believe they won!!
I'm following you! :D
Much love for Toomer though sainthood seems an unfortunate burden. The Byrd/Gates NCE was one of my all-time favorites to work on.
I HATE the TV show MASH...HATE IT!!!
Great to hear Indy getting such positive vibes. Even with all the people, not many arrests or probs.
For real? 6+ inches of snow possible for monday? Damn!
That looks awesome and well done. I'm flattered it made you think of me. Kickstarter to launch early next week!
Guild Wars 2 CE - $150. I wonder if the discs are made of gold. Maybe the figurine has a hidden stash of gold?
If my one-year-ago-self had known what I'd be like now, I would've died flat out. It's amazing how complacent to failure we become.
It will be tough, but really can't say this team is out before that game takes place.
yes! Ours is...You tryna do the water park too! Or instead?..bc ours is AWESOME, you should come!
{leans in and whispers} yes she is, my new twitter pet. SS she doesn't know I eat meat, thinks I'm Vegan. {Winks}
Henderson the Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain King.
Happy Birthday
The other night I had a really long dream where we were traveling all over Barcelona & you were trying to teach me Catalan. :)
word! Pdx is where all the magical things happen. Like Neverland, but with more pirates.
after hearing your report from last night I feel determined tonight ! I will be trying my best!
After 4 months with my blog #BarnScoop, today marks the day to reach 1,000 total views.
Great Halloween show last night! Thanks to everyone who came out. Time to rest.
Great class last night. Check oit MTB studios. Mary T Boyer is a great teacher and from Detroit! U can't lose!
CSI T-shirt – I Ate The Evidence Adult Royal Blue Tee
I know lots of people who hate their Android phone, but none that hate their iPhone.
Congratulations to the class of 2011! We admire your hard work & dedication and we wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors!
Augst: lecture hall system perceived as potentially more influential mass medium than print ca. 1870
Chapter 32 is up :D Go read.. Goodnight guys <3 ~Leanne<21
Do you see issues with minority shareholder oppression after a small biz goes big on
good day to all. enjoy your weekend. look forward to tweet-in later............... ciao.
good you can catch my father while hes up too hahahah
It's tomorrow. Tomorrow is the big day. Will they...I mean we...release the art work?
Sunday rainy day movie time #ET #fortheonehundredthtime with my little man PERFECT and PRICELESS
Bah hah! Don't drive angry! hey look it's at drupa
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Barbour & Russell Counties until 01:45 PM
Thx to for the free #FanFest ticket! Check them out at the boat show in the other half of the convention center this wkend.
Tonight at Steamers in fullerton-- BUCK'S VIBE! 8pm with Peter B, Willis, Dominic, Unique and Xavier.
ARIANA<3 u should give me a henna tattoo,haha <3i have 3 real tattoo's,but i want one from u !make me a walking masterpiece
Frosted mini wheats and vanilla silk soy milk is #onpoint this morning! :)
History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce. Karl Marx
Just caught your preso. Good stuff!
lol awh. Who knows what would happen if we got to meet her.
Why is HALO4 going to be native 720p? Why not 1080p? ..it's 2012 for f*ck sake!
Mentally, yes. But that was years ago.
#GirlsLoveWhen you tell them that they are BEAUTIFUL <3
unless I work. daddy has some big news to tell u!
My brother made me break my favorite nail polish! >:O #fuckyou #asshole #someonesgonnadie #SleepWithOneEyeOpen #imcomingforyou!
HUUURRRYYY!!! The NEGRA MODELO BEER LADIES are at D'Noche giving free appetizers away! they will be here for one more hour!
did you see that you and 7 were perfect?
Obvious to me and has to be to you has no control over the BelindaJackson situation why am I
Scrum - pen again. Pack dominating. I can feel a pen try coming
TBC or CBS?
Tonight at Vitello's in Studio City - Arnold McCuller - Long-time backing vocalist for James Taylor (Larry Goldings will not appear!)
I'm so scared of beaches it's not even funny I refuse to step on a beach let alone get by the water..
I need to wash my hair
Alas, I have gotten old. I tend to go to bed by 11 my time most nights. Just had something I had to get done. How are you?
TAking tips from for feng shui tips, she hasn't let me down yet
why didn't they shred this lettuce? seriously, there's a head of lettuce in my taco.
Let's be honest- probably wouldn't either. :)
Slowly. Going. Crazy. My subconscious insists plotting a Napoleonic spy novel, when real life demands I write about Nietzsche and WWII.
I'M MORE TIRED THAN A RACOON TRYING TO PAINT IN THE MIDDLE OF NOVEMBER.
I didn't even touch my Macbook for the past 24 hrs. Holy crap !
Winners concentrate on winning; losers concentrate on getting by. John C. Maxwell
RT : The key is to know when to drop out of a LI group thats not helping you.
i know! ahh!
It's depressing knowing that these tribe "fans" thrive off of Ubaldo making mistakes. it's (some of) your guys' favorite thing in the world.
Listen to my lor cuzzin on the mic down the strret lls he always make me laugh
Cool Ranch Doritos = the Cadillac of gas station snack foods.
Erwin, deferential, conciliatory, and courteous
A3a. Mental illness can make "normal" life challenging, for survivors with MI it's important to use your support system, resources
A Cleveland wedding which means we're doing wedding party pics at...u guessed it: Voinovich Park :-/
The fire is back.
in response to my last tweet, "they're called TYPEFACES, you savage"
More sophisticated procurement teams know they need to look at expertise, cots and quality.
It's not too bad right now, but the forecast does not look good
por whyy???you were getting good at ball???
RT : I have a further 20% off deals w/code ljmom. Go shop now for facial, lashes, car wash, etc-...
Movie/Video Casting for Extras!!! Get at me for info.. Shooting April 12th Miami Fl Or contact 18&UP M/F
Fucking pegs being a smartass. So true tho.RT : Everyone is a boxing expert only on fight night tho lol
lol. Yes. Autocorrect always makes my rants a little less poignant.
oh well we will be fashinable late (;
Happy follow Friday techies!
There better be a "let's win this one for Nick" mantra going on in the #Caps locker room tonight. His suspension is an outrage.
dude, that guy caught that ball with style.
Join the club! I have like ten books I need to read...
Woah - Survivor Man will be at the Seattle Columbia store tonight from 6 - 8pm. Love that show.
nothing ha
I will most def be in the building tomorrow night!
I never said I wasn't gonna kill him. I'm very fickle.
YOLO does not mean you fuck up your life to spend the rest of it in jail/ prison.
Sweet elbow to the head
What's your favorite dinosaur? :3
Great -Looking forward to meet the Vendasta team - Safe travels.
I just noticed all of a sudden they're canceling and that day is conveniently on April Fools Day.. #TellTribune?
Wee! New page, new handle... same me. I'm officially a member of the Twitter team!
Clever , very clever.
yah I saw that
Want to get lucky? Bring her Hibiscus: the most sexually suggestive flower. Cala Lilies come in a close second.
where's the refills?
WUT. who does that, i'll fuck a bitch up baby c;
Been me and 6+fish for over 12 hours, deep. Ask me how much I'm stuck...
The End of the Big Three As We Know it SMDH
Im seriously about to fall asleep.
Thanks. I have a sweet boyfriend.
i've applied to target in their store, i've applied to the department stores in cal-city that say do it online, i've applied
I can never get anything done because I get so distracted!
I was so giddy when they brought back Rock n' Roll part 2 though. #RememberTheIgloo man!
RT : From , when a woman is pregnant STDs can be more serious for her & her baby. Moms2b, ask your doctors about...
go www.motivescosmetics.com/elenasmith to purchase motives makeup. That's my cosmetics website. Questions send a msg 
Happy Valentine's Day!
theme from Darling Buds of May; Dire Straits Romeo & Juliet; Air on a G String (Hamlet cigars); anything from West Side Story!
it's honestly pathetic.. but I'm kinda jealous cos I love Madison!
I just want to play music.
congrast on going to districts !
RT : Fauquier Eyrie staff is finally selling eyrie pies and other goodies tomorrow! #getpumped! And bring lots of money!!!
I'm seriously cracking myself up right now in bed.
“: Don't be mad coz I speak the TRUTH ya bitter chickens.....Blurr The Lines 1.2.12 ;)” I like my chicken fried
Which Bond Movie?
It's always beautiful on Southport! :-) RT It's a beautiful day to take a stroll along Southport
we're based out of nj but we're in ny every other day. Why, what's up?
I got friends in low places. . .
I am a #badass and I know it! Word of the day ADAPTABILITY.
Listening to the game on the radio is far superior to watching it on TV, commentator-wise.
they keep the drinks cheap in Pittsburghs ballpark to make sure we don't notice the team.
#LTNY up next: international data concerns w/ experts from Cleary & B of A, led by the incomparable ^BM
We've got a LOOP T-shirt as a prize for our 200th follower! Is that going to be you? (Limited sizes, but they're snazzy.) RT it up!
Do any live tourneys have the 35k/70k level?
Moving BSE Productions fwd, talking to the pros and getting out of my own way :)
I know you"re online(; don't be scared to hit the follow button! (: go ahead! I don't bite :)
I'm a broke joke but I'll join!
the awkward moment when you pull up next to a poilce car on a red light!!!!
That is a really great
RT : A new series, Degrees of Debt, examines soaring college costs and the debt students take on in pursuit of education....
Your welcome how old r u I'm just askin be u look like 16 or 17
A guy at the bookstore says some people are born with psychic veils of skin covering their eyes and the clerk says, "Don't go there."
RT if you like tuna, did you know it pays to just catch one is a lot of $$$
we have to try to "luck out" and be in the right space at the right time. but teens don't want adults in these spaces.
Thank u
ok thanks bye
about the guy?
me please! I love you
I feel very strongly that a BA should analyze business, and a UXer should design the user experience
Thanks for that. Glad my 'Letters from Asia' are making it all the way to Wisconsin and that you're enjoying them.
great looking site.
Yesterday hit 94 degrees!!! says we were just a few degrees away from the record. Ouch
my twitter background is smexy xD
GO GREASE LIGHTNING!
#nowplaying Catherine Russell "We the People." Big shot of
Nick Gillespie is terrible...everytime he spoke I would hear "It rubs the lotion on it's skin or else it gets the hose again."
Ha! Me, too. RT : IF I HAD ANY MONEY I WOULD BUY STUFF LIKE NOW!
Hey Natalie!It was great to Meet You in Silverlake.Just wanted to tell YaI'm playing tonier if You're around.
And there was much rejoicing! RT : What has two thumbs and is moving to DC?!? THIS GIRL!! And the job hunting starts NOW! :D
Allnighter or no? That is the fuggin question.
I think people coming together = how change Starts.
longs ass busy day.... staying home...
- I think it's about unfairness. People don't get this worked up over $5. They get worked up over injustice. (even if perceived)
So very very tired of snow!!! Get me out of OHIO!!
I wanna big b*tch wit an invisible part & gold teeth in some biker shorts & a kobe bryant jersey....
: Thanks for mentioning BigOven -- I'm the founder. You mentioned a login problem? Can you elaborate? Thx if so.
Where did the #Colts get that two-tight end idea? Copycatting to help Andrew Luck with Coby Fleener and Dwayne Allen
Had a wonderful time with Abundant Life Church this morning and looking forward to being with the women at Indian Rocks Church tomorrow!
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Hanging out with today. The show tonight is gonna be crazy!
omg love it!!!
Man, found the video of me singing Celine Dion's My Heart Will Go on accompanied by the piano for my singing class...I want to sing again :)
what would u do if u had 12million dollars?
he is a phenomenal singer We love to listen to him in our house! He just needs a publicist & someone who can teach him 2 interview
Cheers to you!
Thinks of you and us .
as long as Indiana keeps running Hibbert at Bosh, Ru Paul will struggle
#1DTourUSA Chicago, June 2nd, Section 11 row H seat 26 I think harry should show us some hip hop moves... :)
M. RT : mussels with sausage and pesto.
The Wards, Stevie, Julie, Sammi, Carly, and I just spent about 20 minutes watching a slug. As we make jokes.
I can't believe that. I'd call the union in a heartbeat.
Saturday in da house!
I just need too leave..
something corporate are amazing. i agree 100%.
Gossip Girl's on now, Hart of Dixie's All New at 9PM! Then, get your local news/weather/sports with The CW20 News at 10!
You don't like salsa music?
I am darkness, I am sin. The Queen of lust invited in. Reborn at last to cast my fecund shadow on this world.
Did you know that it's actually only you're 9th anniversary? And that would be for BHY, and not AHY. Unbelievable.
Just found my star actress.
My instrumentals are getting extreamly better ")
thanks Kyle. U have been on it all week.
Pollution report: More Americans breathing easier
This tweet is for cool people only. Who saw the new asking Alexandria video?? :) was it not amazing?
everybody go follow and subscibe him on youtube:)thanks he goes hard:)
The same way the universe is expanding, the same way our mind should also unfold daily.The more the mind is 'enlarged' the Better!
I got a bitch who has a habit, spending stacks on nice fabrics
If you are an autism service provider, please provide a list of services you provide, location, costs and email me at .
- Great series of RT's on real stories of lifesaving help given by Planned Parenthood. Keep 'em coming.
Wait NO D. Wade! You didn't really say that seriously.
Helping Texans refinance and consolidate debt is our specialty! www.amcaphomeloan.com
#OnMyWishList for today: discounted #pizza -- totally going to use i-deal
That used to be my song lol
who is online?
England keeps enticing me with web standards guys and gals. I want to cross the pond to see it for myself.
I just saw your tweet about the stalker...that's very weird. *cocks pistol back* lol
Good morning sweets! Hey I saw a birdie I don't know and I can't find her in my book??
Thank you!
Kudos on ur bathroom rant, and it's even more awesome that it was a kid #screw kids!
Eating my life away, and bothering people! Lol hbu?
hey Peyton! I'm doing a blog tv tonight! Can you please check it out?! And can you get ppl to watch? I'll watch yours today
I never go down town because of that reason
A smile, please and thank you go a long way. And be on time! It's not just talent they're looking for. It's also someone nice to work with.
RT : Great lessons through storytelling. is a great speaker. Entertaining!! Nice land #smss Agree!
Bears in Phoenix for Christmas?
Single and looking for someone who respects me <3
It's beautiful outside. I know because that glare on the television is ruining my whole day!
If any of you will be in the Panama City Beach area on Thursday May 10th, stop by Pineapple Willy's around 6:30 to enjoy some music!
If Columbus was looking for India he should've called Dell technical support
I use quicktime to do my screen casting, but I will check that out. Thanks!
Twitter, I'm not going to follow Lady Gaga, stop asking.
Without money there is no motivation
Don't be sorry Hoe next time be careful lol
Happy Thanksgiving from the Balanced Energy for Texas Family! Wishing you and your loved ones a wonderful Turkey Day!
Well...that might be the wrong term haha!
Stacy K.
It is officially the weekend!Today's drink is the Spanish Mocha...vanilla and cinnamon, sounds good to us :)
Is this girl really proud that her university is unaccredited?
Thanks S. I hope you are well and taking care of yourself.
Are you a tower? Because Eiffel for you. ;)
By championship I mean succeeding in the areas of life that are important to you. You might want more to make more money.
Fifty Shades Darker
I need some new people to follow.
i just saw lenny from aventura in the bronx in a black cadila with a blonde women next to him heheheheh I'm hype
ugh this is why I can't wait to get direct deposit
DeAndre Jordan has to lead the league in goaltending calls.
Good Luck my baby :)♥
What you have within you is what you use when you're without.
Gonzaga has a dude from ivory coast... Go zags
Why are big bands different? Having trouble following your logic here.
#history #museum #historical … to Trieste in the Adriatic an iron curtain has descended across the Continent. Winston Churchill - 1946
Do it!vRT I am so tempted to go home and take a nap...
Father's Day lunch at the aquarium... Looking at the menu I thought I was back in NOLA!
Omg emilio remembered me?!
Father I exalt You! Because You are the Most High, I know that you can tear down walls and breech divides. Restore families Father!
Phillip Phillips.
they're our age!
plz follow me
great thanks again also do you think you can get Lamarr to send me one too
Some people be riddle'in lol
Good fight Canelo
thanks!! good to know! What's news with youse?? ♥ Aoede ♪♫
NJ & California tried to tax Botox & cosmetic proceedures but failed. Dallas will be redubbed "the beautiful state" if passes.
It's a long and complicated process that could take years to explain properly.
- It is interesting. Any theories?
Should be fun to watch. Are you in Australia?
Smdh...guess all things come 2 an end
Any predictions on what open WOD 12.2 has in store for us?
OFF THE AIR AND OUTTA THE BUILDING...I MUST WREAK HAVOC ON THE STREETS OF LAS VEGAS. BUT, WHAT?? WHERE??? HOW AND WITH WHOM???!!!
Trust me when I say.." you'll be back "
Money from strangers!
#FF and for talking about Girls and for writing it. "The first time I #FF you, I might scare you..."
haha yeah who went and won a bowl game this year?
you forgot the "go live in a cave" part.
I love when I pop a pimple and it squirts on the mirror. RT if you agree :p
We love our Frenchman! Goal!!!!!!!
My 6yo to me today: "Papi you smell sweaty b/c you are sweaty."
Total BS!!!
Is it possible to die of laziness?
thanks for the support whoo hoo! Win Win win!
Ever get on an elevator w/lingering stench of the last occupant? Then wonder if the next person getting on thinks it's you?
holy shit that was crazy.
Bad news first... Nashville is a No. :(
Why are there children in the Adult waiting room at Franklin Square Emergency room?
seems if you wait a day or so, twitter removes them...but blocking them straight away gives twitter the feedback to remove them
tonight at Tru we got a crazy house music set by top Dj Daniele Tavella. Ask for Chris&Dave or hit me up
don't get ahead of yourself JA remember when the brooms came out in Dallas last may?
Hi Grace - Thanks for the follow. Best
Not performing hard rock location got changed performing at the rage post info tonight April 14 still
48% funded on kickstarter for our fanfilm #gijoeinitiate. Thanks to and for all the support.
We had school today
We hope you get to come visit us next year in Fort Worth for #txla13 - our 100th conference!
RT : We're less than a month away from announcing all the details of this year's festival! Who's excited?
I see Buzzfeed's Web Site & the Politics Section online is getting lots of Hits by Political News Junkies, etc.
is coming from...maybe. But I think purple rocks...good second place pick.
Sometimes I wish you were in my life, but most of the time I'm glad your not.
As you approach the week, remember life's most persistent urgent question is "what you are doing for others?"
great talk today at Georgia Tech! We would love to interview you on the next time you are in Atlanta
I've never felt better.
I want a lot more than the boy next door, I want hell on wheels
looking forward to learning a lot at public safety and crimefighting in age of twitter wkshp at John Jay
#WiseWordsToLiveBy All She Want Is Money..
RT I really hope 2011 is going to be full of happiness, laughter, and exercise, and less drama and sadness. :-)
I'm talking V-squad. I retired the from the dream team
Awesome site with awesome recipes and a vital of history on Hebrew customs and faith.
I think I leveled up in Microsoft Excel. Learned how to combine INDEX and MATCH formulas! Now I get +10 to database management! :P
A new Google employee is called Noogler, and later transitions to be called a Googler.
does anyone else wish there was a "like" button on here like there is on FB ??
is my email working? people are slacking. now let me try to pull what they're doing right now and won't I get called out.
I need some NyQuil so I can OD
Staff are at the lovely Chrysler Museum in Norfolk today talking about museum professionals 'Wearing Many Hats' in their jobs.
RT Minimum number of edits to Wikipedia, from Summer '04 to Fall '07, that can be traced to the CIA: 310 (Dec '07)
i totally pigged out last night w/ the alcohol & junk food how the fuck i wake up this healthy! >:)
no broken strings?
Can't blame #Pedro for swinging at that pitch. He just wanted some more!
UES. The staff was super friendly! My sister lives in the Beach in TO and introduced me to the company.
how do you accidentally discover such a thing? Using /me ironically?
Damn today was slack af
you da man
can't say i do either, It's definitely a spectacle!
how would an inquiring ear inquire
I haven't been on twitter for a whole day :O
CastingDNA.com signs several Casting Directors
I'm with you. Where do we start?
good morning... all is well Detroit?
I did read your bio, but alas, I did not memorize it.
happy Momma's day:D you're a cool mother! Have a amazing day!
Know of a reliable source for research? Most of them seem like garbage, ignoring longevity looking forward and backward.
Hi sweetie! Im Samantha from a show called Samantha's Life! If you can find t please watch! Already 1,000,000 veiws! <3 ya!
NLP sometimes sucks and hurts...
Sweet Mac, sellout.
Just woke up. Uh-oh.
Yes!!! Monday morning, woke up with good progress now fingers and toes crossed for the meeting!!!
Enjoy, Champ.
many thanks for the kind message.
A2: Getting pictures and stories from past events is a great way to share experiences and get wider support.
were u from
#ThirstyThursday Try to get your hands on Chateau Lafite 1787, once owned by Jefferson--his initials are etched on it. $160K
We want the graphic!
Sometimes life deals you pocket aces, poker or not. I feel...lucky. As much as i wanted to hate 2009 i don't, anymore. 2010's my year, tho..
#SmackDown come on shamus bet him up
has tons of new settings to tweak your profile. So here goes test
If you need a lover & a friend, baby I'm in
Been sitting on the floor studying for the last 4 hours! Almost exam time. Here we go --
If money cant buy me happiness why is it one of the few things that make me happy?
Eat healthier for a balanced life & try Pu-er tea for the many benefits. Check the food pyramid for a balanced diet.
thanks! We missed you!
Evan, Evan, Evan
I don't believe in war it's wrong &the, #HardestThingToDo is to be a soldier in a filthy war, what they experience is horrific,
A nice woman came up to me just now at Starbucks and complimented me on my HRC stick on the front of my laptop. :)
RT : When you want something you've never had, you have to do something you've never done. <-so true
10 minutes till hosts another amazing
My tummy hurts
hoes these days.
I called my mom earlier, she is in a very good mood. Happy Mothers Day to every mother out there!
hey doll, how are you?
Enjoying your day off with your family? who tf is your family now? that amazon bitch? fuckkk you.
RT : Checkout the and booth #548 at the
Beaming from ear to ear... God is GREAT!!!
I didn't buy a Mega Millions ticket. And I still have about the same chance of winning as the guy who bought 100.
You and wanna pimp out my Hyundai for me?
Hey please follow me! It Heaven Thompson from facebook
haha(: OMG I STARTED TO LAUGH SO HARD WHEN YOU SAID THAT AND NOW MY PARENTS THINK I'M CRAZY! haha but dude yeah(;
Corey Crawford has no ability to be a hero this year. None. He will never have a shutout and he will never steal a game. #useless goalie
Where's her sombrero? :D
Woke up this morning sore as anything
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! #proudmahomie .(:
Sadness is not always a decision; it is a part of life.
Thanks for the follow, and your great parenting tips. Looking forward to sharing your content with my followers!
Yoo my girl is da best she understands me better den any1 n my Cuzzo Matt
im aware. Message me on fb.. I have to tell you something.
when fake justin accounts follow me <<<<<<<
It is hard to understand the specific issue you in the way that you have phrased it. What number are you referring to? Thanks.
Dave #fme Tippett is probably regretting another stupid penalty by the
How many of you #Badger hockey fans are thinking about coming down before our during the game tonight? Should be a good 1 against #Denver!
oh my GOD. I freaking LOVE you. I loved your rant. You're gorgeous. Ohman. I love you. I feel like we're losing our boy.
anyone want a ship? tweet me a number and a pic(:
Cool story bro. My favorite part of the story was when you stopped talking
¿Cómo estás? How did you find me?
« do something nice for yourself right now» I am, I'm at the dentist! HA! HA!
Holy snikes. We'll be turning 1 year old this June!
Recently discovered podcast and really enjoying the discussion.
I took a shower late last night but I took another one this morning just to wake my ass up
His assignment is to learn how to pitch at the big league level!
lol I'm no guy.
Michael Fassbender - MTV Movies Blog
Now debating in whether I should go to the beach or A's game... Aghhhh!!!!
Watching Supernatural with this booger head :3
The Yankee Candle - Man Candle line intrigues me. Curious as to how they smell.
you have my support. great hire by !! All i heard was praise about the hire but i live in a bubble
Hey! You! I shall call you--- Squishy (;
Thanks so much for the follow :)
relaxing,reading,swimming,bonn-fires,loud music,spending time with people you love,making memories - oh I so love summer time!Happy 4th!!
At lunch, a suggestion to start BabySteps, or, sub meetup groups born of #giantstepsMN. Anyone in?
#Socialanxiety is a problem only when it's so severe that it's excessive & causes major issues in overall functioning & quality of life.
I remember now why I only watched McGruber once
Just a damn good day That is all.
2 more days until Christmas Break!!!!! I love the benefits with this job!
Doing very well, waiting on the Sun. Still collecting $$$ for my project #BearsStillSuck bumper stickers :)
Welcomes Jennifer Gelber to the Advisory Board!
Click on our Coupon menu atlinkrefill.com to save even more that are normal up to 40% savings
"how does a girl not dance?!?!" -Kate
I consider it a kind of tyranny that a small, crabby minority of touchy people hold such sway over society....
Uh... I just assumed she reproduces like a Gremlin, which means... someone spilled water on her or fed her after midnight.
It's so damn hot outside!! ☀
Unfair access isn't a new phenomenon. Social media can open access, or be a new tool to hide influence.
more reason to talk with you because you have time
So many great tweets going around today! Yay guys!!
wind, please go away
eating half a bag of jawbreakers and then having a conversation about refined sugar is a great way to feel disgusting.
Its weird when people try to sound deep on twitter and end up making no sense at all
I cannot wait my dear! Good luck!
Is there a way to get on your radar for a review?
aw thanks daisy! I love the necklace, so glad my boyfriend picked up my hints sbout how pretty your jewelry is ;)
he said GRAND ;)
Where does time go?
#stm2012 citizen science: aka great sunflower project started highlighting on Scientific American
i wish he were home.
Love that u found at such a special place to be! Wishing you a happy 4th!
Getting some Dions. Still recovering from bday.
how do I download your first mixtape with the Whitney jump on it, we use to bump that shit on REPEAT at the VANE STORE on riv
us white dudes appreciate you too gabe
The sickness is in how greedy capitalism creates a plutocracy. Then we indict the victims, who never had a chance, for losing.
Would your grandparents like the music you listen to today?
People don't give time anyone. Because some have become selfish. And that's very sad. Just let Nobody Steal Your Joy.Smile
Yes I have a 100 in math. Suck it.
Same here boo... and enjoying every minute of it!
Im in the mood to randomly unfollow someone
Good luck to everyone doing Ironman St George this weekend!!!
.. awww .. def had a good time performing and partying at john's wedding reception :-)
Agreed. I think they need to get rid of Skiles, need a fresh voice on there
Get out of the drizzle. SECCA's open till 8pm. New exhibition -- Margarita Cabrera: The Space in Between. See a Hummer made of fabric. FREE
at this rate you'll need to be in the Cotswolds with all the other petrolheads! Where have you been lately btw? Not seen you much
And Believe in thy self... RT : Im glad to be here, is there a topic of the day?
Cris Paul going to LA Lakers!
Awesome free time management device. Good for freelance stuff. I just downloaded it, and I am already in love...www.chrometa.com
yes I do lol
never heard of him.
Love it!
I am siting at Christiphers salon getting a new birthday hair color
What's your dotability?
bear trap! Ouch!
omg lol i just went on youtube n saw this switch so i like click on it n nao i can close the light or turn it on in youtube :)
Guess we'll just have to start a new league out here in the desert... :)
We're #AmeezinglySwagalasticWeirdishBesties ;)
Can I get a what what
Why do you like to be called Daddy?
Fun Fact: St Louis Cardinals 2012 run differential is +70, Texas Rangers +65, next closest team is +24
i found out
smart person
You know what this game needs more of? Defection jokes!
Obe, sorry to hear about Lolo Tomas.
That's cute!
did you get my voicemail?
I don't know about you, but I've been #winning all week thanks to
Just watched lindy lose power from the train on my way home.
It's truly a sad day in Austin and for a lot of pups who loved him. Our hugs to the Mannix family. www.statesman.com/news/local
Nice to live in a world where retro photo simulations are worth a billion dollars.
Quick. Turn to page 42 of THE GREAT GATSBY. Did Nick and Mr. McKee just...ya know...have relations?
So I slit his throat with my pocket knife.
At Firestone puttin new tires on my car $2000 P Zero tires. Blessed 🙏
Congratulations Girl!!!!!!!!!!
Ahaha i only saw it oncee but im gonna have to watch that episodee Hahaa
we are still due Pinot dinner. Cc March madness perhaps?
I'm working on a tour that buys back textbooks from college kids. So I'll be at U of A all weekend!
Please pray for my back
RT ": People celebrate YOUR birthday by getting drunk without you and giving presents to each other and not you #WWJD"
That annoying moment when your headphones only work on one side
Hi Lara, thank you for that great segment on my dating video this morning!
oh man! I totally would have taken you up on that offer! Raincheck?
I txted u sunday and got no response
fmr NC Sen Queen (D) now up 18 votes (was 12) in NC House 119 Dem primary after canvass
You are very kind! Thanks for the
Fisher Price "Talk To Baby Digital Monitor" For the mom who wants to be able to talk to baby without entering thenursery...
bo. Totally missed tonight's game, hope it was a good one!
Honey cocaine c;
I'm sorry cat
I think women view OTHER women who seem to use their "attractiveness" to get ahead at work much harsher ...
Let me know.
So rainy today. What is up with the weather. C'mon!
Happy Holidays to our Alliance Friends and Family. Thank you for your service to communities and continued support.
You should remove mcafee and get avast instead... avast.com.
it would really nice if you would noticed me!
Trying to read Harry Potter but Ronnie has distracted me with Toy Story 3
wtfff I'm here till Friday:(
That's a good thing! Sustainable
Baking homemade donuts this morning!
Just talked to Jj & I've never been so shaky but yet so calm, it was like talking to an angel. & I didnt cry.
no; you made it real. the article just helps it spread to where it needs to go. don't get frustrated cuz you're at the vanguard!
All #Fireballs!! CVP reopened !!
yep...that's why I always finalize my mocks by 6pm night before so nothing said matters lol
RT : "If we had as much oil in the middle of the country as wind/solar, do you doubt for a moment ... We would go get...
come in to Brake Specialists Plus! Call (512) 795-4066
hopefully she makes it through her routine
Ahah, no I don't think I can keep up to be honest. I haven't even got time to keep up w/ my Gregory tumblr :D Maybe later though
DM me your number and I will text you.
Merry Xmas to everyone! Let's rock out the rest of the year!!
"Hello Donny" was a great event by Abby Wilson et. al. Glad that great cultural events like this are happening in Pittsburgh. #Hello Donny
we went out last night, like we swore we wouldnt do.
have fun @ H3K today!
Tomorrow it is going to be cold. Good reason to make the last chili con carne of the season. It makes me wish for Fall to come again fast
Great use of , dude.
scientists are sexy?
I was disappointed when I heard you weren't running anymore. What a shame.
I just made 's Chocolate Spice Bread from The Sweet Life in Paris. We couldn't wait the 24 hrs we were supposed to. Still yum!
So here I am with the rest of the world watching El Clasico! Another day gone due to futbol but who's complaining! El Madridistas!!
Yeah same. Seeing him on the show at his best was a big eye opener for me. He's really good!
Is true. PS gotta buy my noah gunderson/lemolo ticket. That show is gonna be so groovy.
anyone at the 2004 MLS Cup could tell you that!
#f4f on my new page i can't follow anybody yet on this this one ma
Merry Christmas and happy holidays to you & the
59 arrested during our State Fair prostitution tact plan. There would have been more arrests, but some of us really needed to get laid.
Taylor Gang or fall down 10 flights of stairs with roller blades on.
BiPolarMoment: Just entered into mutual suicide pact with my cereal bowl.
#Monologue tip: They will probably give you an adjustment in your audition. Adjust easier by learning your monologue by rote ﬁrst.
#OWS #occupywallstreet #takewallstreet As an unemployed professional architect I support you! Unemployed for 19 months! Where's my bailout!?
#ThatsATurnOff Men who drive cars with vanity plates.
Presenting #legalmarketing industry survey results to NYC CMOs today! Looking forward to a good discussion.
Doesn't have haters...he just has fans in denial..
Why am i so sore?
The Lord orders my footsteps, hopefully they're ordered towards makin music with people passionate about it like me lol
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday
Had a great holiday. Love your work!
Happy Tuesday! How is everyone today?
Take the dog for a walk.
National Chocolate Cake Day Being undead has eternity, sex appeal, and v necks. But a bloodlust cake can't satisfy.
We'll be doing anti-rain dances starting the Wednesday prior....
I don’t have specific details on Mishawaka, but we're very excited to bring 4G LTE to the community next month.
RT : RT : #CanIBeHonestWithYou? I still think about you all the time, and I miss you more than you know... But I
DONT NORMALLY GET 2 CATCH MYSELF ON RADIO BUT 2DAY HEARD MY INTRO FOR ANDREA WILLIAMS SHOW ON JAMMIN 983!
He can feel his legs! Anna and Bates, heartbreak hotel?
Baruch boasts 15,500 high caliber students who represent 160 countries!
Giving presentations on plagiarism and academic honesty to student athletes. Happy to feel like a teacher again!
except Niall Horan. I'll love him forever and ever.
why hate book is called #hatebook "marketing communications environment provides context for marketing communications to take place"
What? on ? Yes. Will we be getting drunk on scotch & smoke cigars? Yes.
People keep talking, but they can say what they likee...<3
we jizzed at the same time.
thx for the follow! Keep spinning
Fox and Twitter Join Forces for Republican Debate
Someone should do a documentary on George Lucas' works between the Star Wars trilogies.
I've been there and you are absolutely correct. Also i appreciate all the work you do regarding cancer. personal experiance
that's great, I will try to make it there- love smaller conferences :)
That is great. I teach at St. John's and hope you will find world-class faculty who will help you become a greater person!
I think Randy and Jen Lopez, suck big time Randy you need to lose weight whitey lover
what you doing after school
OF COURSE!!!<3
Thank you I will keep that in mind.
Add me to the morning shift.
Oye!!! That's all can say.
Bitch you dirty as hell going to work
Cant hate a team thats playing good basketball
thanks for having your back episodes online. i enjoy kicking back with them in the evening
iPod to the rescue
Good Morning!!
Can someone tell me which one direction boys are gay? Please? Im so confused.....
On accordion? Okay! Or I could try on my new mandolin... Or kazoo. RT : All Along the Watchtower?
I didn't IDK where she got it
It's a shame stupid people can't stop thinking once they reach the edge of their knowledge. Instead they keep going. Patching the holes up.
now he wanna act righh (:
What's up, man? Trying to follow your last couple tweets...
Thanks Sunna! I love the way it came out too!
It's like Obama came out of the closet about what he thinks of coming out of the closet
I literally lol'd at that.
Does faster, better or cheaper matter most to customers?
thanks for following!
About to whip up another batch of veggie chili.
It is so windy in Vegas, I just saw two showgirls and a golf cart fly past my window.
I need to care les
RT : Fear makes problems look and feel bigger, while actions cut them down to size until they are solved!
Embassy suites San Antonio is beautiful and new, but service is slow. Front desk needs to improve as lines grow long.
Shower time.
RT : Hungry? Fish Fry at Cedar Ridge, as always! Best in town!
Which is why I look up & smile while typing. It takes guts to get up and share your thoughts. That deserves attention.
Jackie is now Lead Vocals for The Bad Trigger Band. :)
Catching up on Downton with the family.
Merry Christmas Eve Everyone! :o)
Developments in Pain Research | Drysdale Osteopathy
must have hit on and got turned down, he's being such a dick to him.
you saw it?
the seventh circle, I believe, with the sixth dedicated to those who design restaurant websites
I'm trying not to cry, but it's not easy.
yes! They are identical! Haha!
i know;) best ride of my life
Thank you for the kind words, Miranda!
a blizzard outside :) gotta love snow
Just cruisin'. T-minus 3 hours til you can kiss your 20s goodbye
#SinceWeBeingHonest Your friend looks better than you
Thanks for keeping me up to date on the draft with your tweets. 90% of tweets in my stream is coming from you right now.
RT No better place to "clean up City Hall" than w/ disgraced Mayor Roger Hedgecock at a developer's house. t.co/VDEfmJqC
The new Tweetdeck desktop app solves handful of old interface problems - hooray! Oh, but it introduces bunch of new ones.
Just put it all on my porch & I'll take it down to Goodwill for you!
because they are the enemy!
where should we start when we take over the world
Faculty and staff recognition ceremony...great reminder of talented, committed individuals I'm privileged to work with at #Edgewood College!
#NBA should set a hard age cap. 20 yrs old. Wanna play pro? Go to D League and get knocked up for like 2 yrs. Otherwise, college or Europe
Best choice!!
it's about time! haha! thanks for the follow mister.
I'm free.
Off to bed. Happy Valentines Day! #wouldntrosesbenice?
Thx for letting me stream entire TV seasons minus ads! Dead Zone marathon on now. <3
did you read all of that? Sorry for all of the rambling /facepalm
nice Amanda! I don't have a pinterest. Well I think I do. What do u use it for?
#Forrst welcomes you!
Big product announcement this afternoon, can anyone guess what it is?
Waohh! those #shit really looks good but seems to be photoshoped #dame !!!
who organized?
well here's an even healthier alternative to your regular cup of Joe, only w/o the jitters or crash.
I always liked comics where the aliens came through a dimensional gate deep in the ocean. Frogmen with pop-eyes and fins.
Sorry im in Missouri
"The Atomic Bomb is Shit": isn't that a cut aria from Doctor Atomic?
thanks for a great event!
I'll buy an ad on your elbow. I'll need you to carry it in front of your face though.
...is this bad? That is awesome.
My guess is that more than half of those kids won't become scientists. Teach them something they want to master instead.
RT : It is amazing to me that 10 of the top 15 grossing iPad apps in education right now are SLP apps! Go us!
Alright I'll go back outside at 5 when its no longer 90 fking degrees.
Happy Mothers day to all the moms! 
sharks really scare my though i have got sting by a jellyfish to!!
The only thing we do is fight. And i cant do it
summer to come faster!
kewl! I'll check it out! Man I adore Rod Stewarts stuff!! Forever Young is my theme song!
No problem! We'll see you next time :)
Enjoy smudge free BEAUTIFUL eyeliner this summer. Doubles the volume of lashes on your lash line! Book ON line USE code SUMM12 $100 OFF
Does Boca Raton need a new mayor?
Good to see you out here in the Twitterverse! ~ rosie
on the contrary. More #baconbits equal
#BandsILove Panic at the Disco
“: Officially an Iowa hawkeye !!! Couldn't be anymore excited” welcome to the fam!
Heading to school...
I think the Marshal's Service would be a better fit, already a part of the Federal Courts. US focus is presidential succession.
Where is the line between a sports foul and battery? Interesting dilemma. Do games = diplomatic immunity?
Ooh, I need to hear that.
my computer just froze. It's probably because I didn't eat those fries.
#InOurGeneration Everyone complains about our generation.
Pier 70, located just a few blocks east of Homes on Esprit Park is soon to be the next vibrant and innovative development area in the city.
I wanna bike to work on friday! I have a huffy with yellow mag wheels. Is that cool?
I am here!
thats what you think;)
My Labrador Retriever ate my return envelope. Any hints on how to get another one, or what to do? She loves paper!
HOLY SMOKES!!!
Update coming soon to fix iOS5 issues. :)
RT“: happy that I was able to make it!!! You have some good stuff working there!!!! #showchoirlove"
what's funny and thank.you rude Ness !!!
Keepin it real with myself does the spirit good
wouldn't be hard at all(: <3
We found some typographic inspiration! Check it out on our blog, www.wearelux.com/blog.html share your inspirations too!
new Orleans next week
Lmao guess I should've said hi
I don't think gratuitous necessarily(!) = shown in the first place. Quantity matters less than power dynamics.
When you haven't had hookah all day and you finally get it at the end of the day!!!!
Haha RT : Take back ! We play Mckinley!
That awkward moment when you can't tell if your friend is being trolled or if he really came out...
Today was a big transition day for me saying thank you to the staff of UITS at UWM. Leaders often receive more than they give, true here.
RT : If it was up to me, my husband would father a child with each and every girl we have sex with.
the movie #Waiting makes me never want to way at restaurants lol.
can i please be your FOTM i'd literally die i love you so much! xoxo :)
Trials happen so we can turn them into a testimony on how God can uplift and even use the weak for his grand purpose. What's your testimony?
I've been #hacked!!!! Man, and I thought everyone wanted to find new ways to make money. I guess you all don't like money,
Finally exams week is over
I think should do a Justin Timberlake cover..hmm. (:
"If what you did yesterday seems big, you haven't done anything today" -Lou Holtz ....it's a new day! GO BIG <3
If you succeed too well in your mask, there is no drama.
Where will you be watching #Game7 in Arlington tonight?
Can't wait to hear the results of ! Thanks to everyone who voted us BEST #GREEK in #Sacramento !
follow me please tnx
Bring LIFE to my work. Thx I'm working on it :)
Remembering today all of those who have fought for our country & those still fighting for our freedom today. THANK YOU & Happy Veterans Day!
There making a new ghost rider movie, HOLY CRAP!!!!! I'm gonna go see that.
I know )': miss it so much
You Only Live Once<3
Just for you baby.
Let me tell you why. Young ppl still want quality, but they want convenience. Makeup counter brands, with the exception of a few, often...
Is pat lee hammered ?
me sorry been mad all day long.i will thou.
- Can't wait to catch a show!
hope you like Money more than you like winning.
Linn-Benton Community College: Benton Center is closing at 6 p.m. due to power outage. All evening classes canceled.
Haiku brilliance found on Twitter: RT When they want to know.... Why this is and why that is... I will say: "$*@# you"
Stand back and look at the display you'll take to conference. Is it clear why they need you? keep it simple! designsmithvisual.com
When the sashimi lunch price goes up I order the chirashi.
preciate it chief ...
Hi, I every day write to you "Please Follow Me" You can follow me? please it will mean so much to me<3
dumb byitchez come on the block to see who they mann talking to for what thats not your place to clown him where bidnezz at wtf
Today I solved a real life library problem. I love messing around with cataloging software...
": #Taurus is independent." *Clapping*
I'm not quite sure lol
All the better!
RT : Omg. Toys R Us is struggling to survive?! My inner child just cried a little.
glad to see you have such good taste in mobile systems.
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
": Oh also remember when you called at like 3 am on the train"omfg she texted me about that yesterday
What bullshit. RT : Prop. 8 Stay is held -- no marriages until at least September. More to come.
yummy ain't nothing like it!!!! I'm bout to go cop some.... U at Stella house
It's good stuff, you just have to think like an instruction pointer.
The world is full of happiness that I have never known.
Didn't feel like cooking & against my better judgement ended up at Wendy's. ..
Hi Rachel, blessings fr NYC
We had a great time tonight in Sandy Springs, GA. Headin' down south to Macon, GA tomorrow night for a show at
Gay parade sunday on south beach, great way to end prom weekend!
thx Rich...appreciate the love and support brother!
I be tweet challenged too at the moment. Thanx for the mention! Hope life is treating you well. :-)
Baseball FINAL: Point Park 7, Doane 5. Pioneers (51-9) punch a ticket to Lewiston, Idaho for their 11th NAIA World Series in school history!
Will be glad to when the Indycars get to the ovals, just not a fan of a Road race!!!!!!!!!
funny as hell
about time you follow me -.- haha its me Marilyn now,
Co-signing on your rant. The pathology is so old and tired and old.
Roll your weed on this ass, that's an asstray.
Back to Bertie Co. Semester long project: renovate collapsed bldg into farmer's market; design; problem solve; build .. measure?
SMokin on some very #loud and sippin a lil
it's been about 10 years ;) Buffalo will win a major championship before nex def is solved.
how bought cup cake boobs?
I like to see people happy!
Taylor concerns me. Haha
Girls Feelin Groovy Disco Costume
I been more than a few maybachs 62s come on son I'm Bmo to the world blow
Overhead on the bus "They haven't proved cigarettes kill you". Wow some people are in denial. He is probably a republican.
Matthew 21....#Jesus tells you about present-day #bankers & how to fix them. :) Whos #atheist now?!? :>
Just saw two fat cops riding segeats on Maxwell Hahaha
Believe it or not, I can actually draw. ::: Jean Michel Basquiat :::
Now would be a GREAT time for Ramirez to prove me wrong. He's not THAT far past his prime is he?
Hello Twitterverse. It's been awhile.
so where are you going?
Is that code for Cameron? RT King Curtis just proposed to me.
Jelenators: Aww Boyfriend Is about Selena. Beliebers: NO BITCH HE WROTE THAT FOR US. Justin: It's actually about the migration of birds. LOL
hey nuthin much:) you? :)
I get to meet Thursday.(: Oh lord. I need a new camera! :O
- Shaking in your bones is required to dream up large colossal empires
But yeah, seriously, thanks.
BH Trivia A: General Oliver O. Howard, Civil War hero, founder of Howard University, & commissioner of Freedman’s Bureau. bit.ly/owoEnU
Prosecutor says three teen suspects in "Craig's List" murder are gang members. Mother of one suspect disputes that allegation.
they are watching the #NCAATournament, as you should be. You can start caring about the again in April.
Strangely calming watching with no commentary
Faith makes things possible, not easy. ~ Author Unknown
That is the right answer! (Good grrrrrr.)
no...they do time
WE WANT YOU! Interested in working for ? Live Casting Calls Oct. 14&15. 1-6pm. Check our site/Message us 4 more information
Damn its still early AF
haha! lol! you make it sound bad! and I love you too kristen lol! as a friend(:
Jammin to with
First management meeting on Thursday! Can't believe winter break is over already!
Hey Thanks for following!
Convinced the world he doesn't exist
Wealth is a great thing. It's all about ownership. The more you own and save, the more wealth you will have.
<--- 2 year anniversary today!
Best of luck in the 1k - win lots of chips and play your best.
I just finished Mockingjay. Bawling my eyes out omg
[cont] It doesn't seem like that much of a stretch from the natural-language parsing Google Calendar already does.
I like chocolate
love you bae
Ouch... that is all I can say.
yea ur life plans first then other stuff
I'm Feeling Lucky button sends you to your first results. Part of being delightful and unexpected.
When you are down and out something always turns up - and it's usually the noses of your friends. -Orson Welles
Enjoyed my first day at my first LOEX. Great presos, awesome food! Looking forward to tomorrow; can't believe it's almost over.
Ha whatever
Have a safe trip!
Now that's a cool trick!
best friend forever and ever <3
Me and my friends are in Memphis, TN tonight! Any of you wanna hang out? We're free till the show tmrw. We can get you in for free >:]
I have two agents sweating me today. Perhaps I too need an agent...?
Q2) Performance support is not training. It's #design. User-centered experience design.
We clearly have different perspectives and opinions on causality. Thank you for the spirited exchange.
Unfortunately like you, Diamondback is my favorite (and my baby) :) So I'd get sick as well! Stupid Ohio Weather! -Chris
Follow me and I'll follow you back... I say people aren't following you because your tweets aren't worth while.
I love fantasy factory
$33.50 for a book I never opened? I can fucks with it
Haha I do not. It's just nice to know that people are looking past tweets and seeing the real her now.
he's beyond it, the last few day weve talked.
favorite song from that movie!!!! Or maybe it's "Let's Hear it For the Boys", especially when that weird/funny guy danced
Exlibris Mid-Atlantic (EMA) regional user group welcomes all neighboring states to join us this evening at 5:45 Omni Fort Worth 2
So excited that has already sold some #MLS necklaces right when they became available online. Women love soccer!! #wunitedfc :-)
