Congratulations, and welcome to the ROC! Look forward to seeing you all in the fall.
ha- you made it there! Awesome....hope ur having fun!!
they piss me off.
Coaches are masters at making half time adjustments. It's time for us to adjust how we introduce tackling to players.
Kind of a 'blank slate' yes?
education they need to make them good citizens.
GOODNIGHT!!!!!! Thank you for all the wonderful 200 new followers I got today ;)
Shout out to my best friend and roommate who graduates tomorrow and makes the trek to LA this weekend. Go make us a movie!
Wow. I didn't think I'd be THIS into this movie.
I am planning on it, as always. Thanks!
Fire w/ evacuation @ Pizza Hut. 1718 Seminole Trail. Traffic south northbound.
So the girl upstairs had her boyfriend pick her up and drop her off somewhere...
Girl: "I'm ugly.." Boy: "You spelt BEAUTIFUL wrong." ^____^
it's like I tell my students, we are raised with cultural inflections and our race and gender and sexuality are constructs.
damnn! Hopefully not /:
You know you loved her on "Ned & Stacey." I actually was always rather fond of Grace.
Thataboy - keep swinging!
lol... I don't think I'll close it. ... I do have google + but Idk how to use it.... Lol
“: agree. Ducks overrated and under talented” suffers from little brother syndrome
Praying this little deal work out
Feel like jay and silent bob out here. With
Jamming out to some , loverboy, old metallica and night ranger in the van. Getting pumped to rock STL!!
Okay, we'll answer this one (multiple requests for clarification) right here. Contractors' in RED fields are SUSPENDED.
omg! I'm at Benelux and need to pick a beer!! How does a Two-Hearted sound?!?
Follow back?:)
People hitting me up for weed like I'm a dealer lmfaoo!! #EXCUSEME?! Smfh feens Lol
HOWEVER, the latest album by Paul Weller has both of them on it.
Over 60% of the +1million annual US Bankruptcies & 1000's of Home Loses are primarily due to Medical Costs & +75% Had Health Insurance....
u guys are def ending up in North Reading.
However, D3 map will not be included as option #Detroit City Council will vote on tmrw 3pm due to legal opinion.
yea okay
Can't wait to see what you have lined up!
Ughhhajhskkjuisal; stupid tv production stresses me out!
I NEED MO FOLLOWERS
Run thru! Designer run tomorrow. Yikes help!!!
thanks Craig!
With a baby then my other baby then my best friends
Haha! The military does that to you. If you ever need to know anything, you can always ask me. Been doin' this for awhile now!
Eat a sandwich Courtney.
First day of spring football🏈🏈
isn't there a BPD station at the left of the Stop & Shop? Missed it by that much?
Relax chill out
My pick was really good in practice near top of the board in every one of them. But did not qualify that good because of where he went out.
Overhearing a session recap: "shrink & pink - adapt men's products for women by making them smaller & pink." hm, interesting.
you're welcome!! :)
True that Xx
lol. That seriously made my life.
This isn't easy to admit and no matter how hard I try, I am not perfect. I sometimes eat grapes without washing them first.
Ha u hurt me for the last time I'm done
Man it's WINDY in La Jolla! Almost lost my weave!
If you gonna try & argue with someone you should probably know facts so you dont end up looking like a DUMBASS !
Talk to RT“:is there an after party? So and I can party with band members again? Great times!”
I would do that, but that is how I stay in touch with the fam. I mostly use the mobile app and set it to status updates.
the world really does revolve around money..
thanks for the retweet
When people drag their feet! -.-t
True True I'm not even gonna lie I be thinkin the same thing
just found something i like at hot topic, ew. i haven't bought anything from there since i was 14.
I want all of him or none of him
House passes debt bill! Stock market what are you going to do?
Thankful for the reminder tonight that it's less about success and failure, and more about faithfulness.
Let us know if you still want this posted.
Dex: ~• <<----- Picture of me when I was younger, I was so cute! Me: 0_o
Hey Jeremy, how I pay on the Facebook? My momma try, but don't pay:( and I really want to watch!
with television, I always monitored Ava's tv wathing because we watch the same I prefer children's programming, I know everything I need to
You don't cook on dirty pans do you? Then why would you cook in a dirty oven???
the 'I'll go to bed early, then wake up at 5am to get extra work done' plan never goes the way you want it to.
Welcome new followers:
cleaned up the apartment and moved out. needed you there
What would life be without you?
send your size and other info to and we will put you on a pre order list! Tell your friends.
"I start to cry, you kiss my eye and say I'm not allowed to..." 💔
Happy holidays, tweeps!
ok, I'm in #TweetAndEat - lets meet up after!
koolin stayin out the heat how u been
Hi, i know your awake. Tweet me.
Sometimes God lets you hit rock bottom so that you will discover that He is the Rock at the bottom. -Dr. Tony Evans
It's a lovely day outside, which means that I should probably watch all of My So-Called Life in bed.
My dad, uncle, aunts still don't know about what really happened. Shhh, don't tell...
and Christian bale!
Thanks! I appreciate it.
thanx 4 follow back much love
really feeling the pressure of my first tweet. still very skeptical of this internet thing. happy Holi?
North Carolina votes to ban teh ghey marrieds. Marriage between close relatives still legal.
Life would be easier if I was 12 again. My biggest decision in life would be tampons or pads
#fridayreads Corduroy Mansions by Alexander McCall Smith
you are beautiful!
When McFadden comes back, this 1-2 punch of him and Bush could be devastating
“: Louisville postal carriers to deliver anthrax vaccine in case of attack". Only 10 years late
Watching on the dvr again!!! Love this show...
that is great!!!
Robert downy jr would be great. “: The rumour that Justin Bieber will be playing Finnick. #HungerGamesProblems”
Just started this twitter thing... interesting hmm
I was thinking orange cause that's what color they are but then that'd be wack! I was thinking pink -fave color <3 haha
Looking forward to it!
haha awkward moment
your welcome josh x)
I can't help but find the headline "Chris Brown Feuds With Miranda Lambert, WWE Star CM Punk" to be hilarious.
RT - You know how people who suffer great tragedy or disaster can laugh about it? Jacksonville still cannot come to ...
In my Galaxy preview, I didn't see a win in the cards. Everything's going to plan, unfortunately.
Must be a glitch. Thanks for letting me know. Will correct.
I had fish once & I'd never have fish again.
Hay I'm a huge fan!
That disturbing moment when your power walking and old guys stare at you. UGH such pigs. -_-
WE LOVE YOU MORE!!!!<3
I'd appreciate it if every word out of your mouth wasn't a lie.
I love it! You are such a talented and gifted young man!! Take care and lets talk soon! Much luv sweetie
Ace-Boom-Boom?
how do i always manage to aquire these clueless fucking stalkers?
holliday park has awesome ruins and back trails
I love my #villalax seniors, they are not just amazing lax players -they are inspirations and will always be like family & call me Nique (:
Love our #atpawty and #blogpaws family!
Do you still win?
Big Boobs. Stripper Booty.
thank you ! godbless u too !
Oh I thought that was Joan Rivers and Janice Dickinson-- makes sense.now rt": Why were Hall & Oates on here again? #TheVoice"
hey u need to tell mrwrong he needs to send me a signed cd.
Just got all new ski gear, now all I need is some
Jones, Iconix feel the impact of Penney change - MarketWatch
I agree. I laughed hard. Clever as always and smart humor. The crossing broad one was garbage
#OneThingIWant is to wear his sweatshirt<3
If Bucks leave this city, I leave this city?!?!??!!
ook, How does it feel to be a College Grad!? Welcome to the Team! lol
oh, my! Joshua Ledet is what this world needs #idol Epic.
i just got back from la and was sad too. i love austin though.
Omg !! I want to see lol ... Oh don't worry there's a couple of them out there of me ... Ask olga .. Me in my underwear ;)
So happy i could die
DL some chicago music #SUNDAYSCHOOL by
Follow me please, you are amazing, I love you
missed you too (:
but no, was not I
would be great if we posted all of Spirit of America's job offerings on www.PurplePlacement.com homepage.
guess what I have in my house?
I just threw up from the Ratchet Ness
follow the next big super star outta the south he from MississippiÂ
Amino Energy Chews Hot Buy $19.99
DON'T MENTION AN A-BALL NO-HITTER (because nobody cares) : "Brevard County's Hiram Burgos has no-hitter through eight innings."
Soakin' up the sun ☀😝
god bless those that can actually watch the #GOPdebates. thanks for the updates.
RT : That badass MCA bass line from Gratitude will always be floating out in space,ready to blow aliens' minds.
Humble Me Clothing is now on Twitter! Are you Humble?
I love my mom! :0)
Haha, yes they blend in too well...;)
Headed home today after an inspiring #AWP12. I have so much new info to process.
hahaha aw yay! And heck yeah I'm funny! :)
Are you a business, marketing, travel or niche #blogger interested in syndicating your fab content or guest blogging? If yes, let's talk!
Oh, wait. Does Android have Instagram now?
Wishing all y'all the best in this new year
My friends would be upset to know that I'm trying decide between going out with them Saturday , or staying in
One trip to & suddenly my yoga+training+spin sessions do not seem sufficient.
Whatchu talking about doing?
Yes I am back and I want to make a trip to Eugene! When should I come visit?
you are VERY .... CRAZY and GOOD !! Bye Alexa Teefey <3
this weekend is #occupyamazon... #readloca! shop ur favorite bookstore and publisher- cut out the evil empire! stay tuned 4 more...
Not all data is big data. Cliff Lynch
iknow and austin's gonna be away from ALL his friends & his grandparents too :(
I'm only on the bench for the second so it'll be okay.
lol. No you don't.
so I hear, but after no rain during my trip last March I am highly skeptical.
My friend and I are ur biggest fans!!!
My head says "who cares" but my heart whispers "you do"
Welcome to LA.
J Scalia asks if a state "has to accept w/i it's borders all people who do not have a right to be there if the Feds dont want to remove em.
Ben Vershbow - what if we were to start a new library from ground up? - / Peter Brantley #ndpl - a dramatic rethink
You too? Yeah! : Sunday Funday
What exactly are you looking for? Have tons of research from my dissertation.
Damn dog ate the entire tube of doggy toothpaste.......including the tube -_-
Omg it's already amazing !!!<333
Absolutely. Must be a combination of sophie shorts and really fitted james perse tank tops.
Currently watching infested about cockroaches
Playing the UFC drinking game. This could get interesting.
OOh, please pass along McCain person's contact info if you are able to use video!
City managers respond to both strategic data analysis and personal stories that show compelling/practical impact of libraries
“: what was the first record you ever bought?” hhmm I think it was either Hanson or Spice Girls haha!!!
Once you've claimed your business, how do you change the name of the business if it's not completely accurate?
Thanks for the follow! I certainly look forward to connecting with you! :-)
I'm too clever for the stations, they run me on filtration, it gets lost in translation and I'm not sure who they're saving.
What sirens ?
I'm so excited about GO! :)
well urban commuting is tricky then. I would say you could ave maybe 12 mph, so 30 mins? I would test it out b4 you depend on it
Get yo bitch disrespected.
I just love how it's on the water. I just love Newburyport :) I miss Boston
who are u? lol i cant DM back.... but uhm do i know u?
Shit the bed!
I Love You Too Monster Banana Mommy! :P =D
Girlyy boo ! ( aha throwback )
Why is Tiger Woods still news? Really? Is he that different from others How many that did what he did have to tell the world? Leave it alone
Today is National Chocolate Covered Anything Day.... hm...cover me! Yum.
YA READY?
Florida Swagg For Now
yeah would be the life wish i could come to brazil i always wanted to live there since i was little its so beautiful there
#dafuq. I'm scared to look at your face now.
Strange waking up with both the Neville Bros. "Don't Know Much" and the voice of the narrator of Forensics Files in your head.
ayee. follow back??
Affirmation: "I love and adore myself. All is well in my world." - Louise L. Hay
Just completed 3 hr drive to Lancaster.
Good day everyone , thank u god for letting me see another day.
Awe :) you keep it up!
I've watched your YouTube videos, ever since day 1. I think I deserve to get a #followback fothermucker. ♥
will present "Strategies to Reverse Insurance Denials" on 12/8 Email for details!
Members Card Clippers +10.5 (15 units) Picks are looking great tonight. Great way to bounce back
that's cuz it was a trick DM. Just like the bday candles. Could do this Fri, end of day (not morning).
#nowplaying superman by joe brooks. i remember it being my myspace song like 3 yrs ago, love it.
Saad or Sinovic will be picked
Did someone change my phone's keyboard to sound like a typewriter?
Brilliant, thx for the share!
If we change what we are in this moment, all our future moments change as well. #fb -- Guy Finley ()
Full speed ahead... Historian and author James McPherson has chosen Admiral David Farragut as his nominee
we did.we will have to go sometime.
I think I heard a 3rd team competing as well not sure who though .. Might be Colorado
not sure, but you did teach me about The Game. Which I just lost.
Death is only the beginning right?
I love you so much. <33
yeah its awesome ! I'm a fanatic I can't stop reading the books lol
awww thank you!
yay! I love new bff's!!!!
soon! I promise!
Love......... No one can live and die Without crying over you.
This humidity ain't nothing to play with..
Did you know that you can have Sidebar to yourself on the weekend for #MarchMadness? Email Kate: .
The #United States shares with South Africa a number of important historical & contemporary milestones in the long struggle for human...
My grandma just called from Fort Wayne saying she heard about us on the news!
real shit boo
The DTE/Pine Knob is celebrating 40 years this summer. Looking back, what concert was your favorite? ~ Jake
I have alot of twitter fans Happy you back. Follow aka ...
leslieR: All checked in at the airport - suitcase weighed in at 52 lbs- those praleens r heavy!
Why can't people just be happy for other people? Jealousy is stupid! And it will get you nowhere fast!
When I was 15, along with sending a script to the Mary Tyler Moore Show, I also queried the NYTimes travel section for a feature story. 1/2
a book of facts 'perhaps'
Can you stop tweeting this?
Getting on the computer to do homework...
Well I think highly of Where you just hang in out here?
There is little over a week to get your submissions in for 's 'Visuals Film Fest.' Anyone can submit. All genres. Under 15 min.
Also, did you check out the Xactly SWAG store?? Show off your love for Xactly...& do post the pix on X Facebook & Twitter!
Thank you for the RT!
i won't play with your head or mess with your heart, cause im a real girl and i finish what i start:D
i am sorry:( this week is finals i barely talk to anyone
yeah...pretty good!
Sorry bastard didn't have the courage for Vietnam and he STILL doesn't have the courage to face his mortality
why no? Everything will be just fine. :)
Jordan, I guess is human. He sure didn't seem that way in the court!
lol it was first made only for good looking people to show off their sexy.... then a whole bunch of fugly people signed up
We'll give you a shout out if you follow out personal accounts!:) just tell us of your following this account!:)-Kelly xoxo
Oh dear! Have you mastered the space-time continuum??
Demoing new songs!
Does that include ? RT : Boston's $78+M on the DL is more than the payroll of 20% of MLB teams
Just got my tickets for in NYC Feb 11 on ! Can't wait!! Miss these guys!!
I ♥ my daughter; I ♥ my boyfriend; I ♥ my family...okay so working @ Da resturant isnt so bad i made 15 in tips tonight...
Poop is not only brown for me, b
was going to sleep a bit ago but twitter
In order to get excited about life, first you have to appreciate life. Thank GOD for giving you the opportunity to see another day
what did i do to de-stress last night? fashion show dance party!
Today is April 13th, 2012 and we live to serve another day!
#nom! I want that!
#SomeWhereInTheHood a Jamaican is cook jerk chicken on a grill in the winter time
No follow back?
Yum Yum! Good thing I did some extra yoga this morning! Rasberry-brownie-cheesecake
austin mahone ♥ i love him
Got a great audition tomorrow for an A & E tv series would be a great opportunit!
I'm sorry to see this tweet. Hang in there. Hopefully tomorrow will be better!
Patterson Law Firm Attorney Christine Rosso named to Martindale's 2011 list of Top Women Lawyers!! Christine is one of the youngest 2b named
‎#2012WishList I wish all the dudes with shirtless profile pix to catch ringworms
sounds like a plan! Ill be back there on friday
Studio 24/7 actor Doug Sinclair's episode of JUSTIFIED airs on the 31st.
#WorstDJNames DJ Taint
I should probably deal with my horrendous email backlog with a bit more dignity.
I 💛 Saturn. Thank you for the photos, Ryan.
Hey Willow
how was the shoot?
Everyone has photographic memory; some just dont have the film.
right? Slept like a baby last night, and its only 9. Cleaning up and hittin the hay
In order to move on you gotta put the past behind you?
Thanks for the plug Nikki! Tonight is going to be fun!
| This just in...Susan B. Komen just reinstated funding to Planned Parenthood!
yah...im lost....im in kentucky somewhere
Haven't cleaned my gauges in weeks and they smell like death lol
Thanks for following back :)
Thanks, Boris!
"Lack of responsibility on your part, does not constitute an emergency on mine"
the bulls are killing me right now
Outside With Jenny & Wilmel
Thanks for the follow! :) Right back at cha!
Upload all the pix of Facebook soon, I need a new dp =)
“Differences of habit and language are nothing at all if our aims are identical and our hearts are open.” ~Albus Dumbledore
“The impossible missions are the only ones which succeed.” Happy Birthday Jacques Cousteau!
Feel like I've been staring at lacrosse photos this whole week and not able to play with my new Mark IV
Did you know that Springer offers one of the largest STM book collections on #iBookstore with more than 20,000 individual titles?
Learn Clickbank - How to Join Top Affiliate Networks
15, 20 minutes goes by too fast. Sorry about the overflow folks, but thanks! :)
didn't even bring my books home from school. :)
Our upcoming exhibition will be presented in a specially designed space within ’s new MacGorman Performing Arts Center & Chapel.
Waiting for my hotel room to be ready for occupation at the Fedex/Kinkos on Wellington in Chicago.
I know right
Channel 5 News. Suspects still at large. They're looking for public's help.
Hate getting your oil changed? We can ease the burden on your insurance through the internet.
NP: Anthony Hamilton- Pray For Me <3 GN lovelies!
RT Presents #StartingFiveShowcase Performing Live TV Taping Broadcast by 829 Upshur St
Hey! Happy to try--what's your timetable? Can you send it as email attachment?
RT If you can't wait for MTN video!!!!
I am on it, but have no idea how to use it! LOL
Hope it goes well!!
LMFAO OMG(': he would prob think your prettier than me!
#NP High school -
LOL. Yup... that will be all... otherwise I would not be ready for checkout.
Sveum managing the Cubs. Matheny managing the Cards. How are we supposed to hate our most hated rivals?
Yup. But count on me reply to your tweets whenever I can (:
“: Wait, Lil Boosie is free ?” yes my uncle is not guilty !!
Magic take lead with 1:04 to play. J.J. Reddick does some weird robot dance to bench out of timeout.
Why is Tyler The Creator rich and famous? He's an idiot
Dying my hair.
Must we gloat?
Is very sad that I won't be seeing Speaker Elect John Perez tomorrow because the Center's Breakfast has been cancelled due to the weather :(
You can tell me you "understand" and "care" a million times, but it's gonna take more than that for me to believe you.
Chip Brown seems to have changed his tone on FSU suddenly.
Wishing all the Mom's out there a wonderful day! Happy Mother's Day to you.
you should infuriate developers and greek food lovers everywhere with a cucumber fork called tzatziki
how u ben? been meaning to catch up with you :-)
is without power and will remain closed tomorrow. However, they will host summer day camp from 7:30 a.m.- 6 p.m.
why don't you take your social regulations and shove them up your ass!
Face down ass up..
Volunteer callout! Grad students needed for University Library advisory committee.
High 5 RT All my kids had stride rites before their first Js
well no more jacoby.
I just saw this now...thanks!!!
RT : To anyone complaining about "unfair" background attacks on Romney: Birthers. That is all.
Hello to our friends at School at Blair Grocery! - Youth Empowerment & Sustainable Community Development in New Orleans.
And Party #1 puts her shoes on and leaves... Party #2 and the hostess are now in play for another day.
awesome halloween! my dwarf apatosaurus costume achieved new heights!
That half-way mark in a paper when you just don't have the motivation to finish it. #Iwantto sleep
is the torch past now that ELI becomes "Manning"and older brother Manning becomes Payton. For a long time when Media talked...
Ugh ACT this saturday... -____-
The most anxiety I have ever felt is being away from home and realizing I forgot to TiVo something. Borderline breakdown.
i love you
: did the instructor participate? in what capacity?
I feel like a role player is gonna hit it..
Hi there, I'm a real kitty!
Panel and session chair duties are done--responsibilities are over. It's now time for a little "me time" before heading to Athens.
lil kids that tweet about other people without mentioning them in their tweets is hilarious to see. Grow up
Now I know I must be dreaming! I'm going to start an all Milky Way diet!
sorry to dump bro... Didn't know what else to do
So nauseous.
Girl on Girl
So happy its Friday
He reminds me of our Max! Breed?
Thank you #TimeWarnerCable for making my bill 50 bucks cheaper than expected...
i said you treat me lol
need an upset in there.. Agriz over Clips doesn't count. Nuggets over Lakers in 6!
Can the start up nation solve the Israeli - Palestinian conflict? High level of inequality in Israel bet. Jews, Arabs and in W.B. -Hausmann
Doors will be open momentarily. Get yourself in line.
lol I havent eaten all day
That's funny. I'm working in reverse -- just wrapped up a Sopranos mini-marathon, and started getting into Mad Men.
how much for a cuban?
Just did my civic duty of voting for a lot of judges I've never heard of.
Check out the hottest new thing in candles.Gotta see this, ehe Hottest New Thing In Candles. It's Electric!
Let's GO BIG BEN!
RT :Doughnuts didnt have a hole in their center until a sea captain from Maine began poking holes in his mother's doughnuts in 1847
Dude how is the crowd? Any good specials?
YAYY I AM IN THERE VIDEO TOO! xx
May we make some crucial suggestions?
I now expect a tweet about dandruff every other day of the week, thanks for the entertainment.
What is #HR9? Another failed #Republican retread that will help those at top rather than those struggling to get to top.
It's super hard explaining 2 these foreign Larry's what Run It Twice is. "But why would I want 2 run it twice I have best hand...No, No!!"
It was nice to finally meet you at #140cuse last week. I enjoy your hoops articles!
IMPD officers are still on scene of deadly shooting in the 3200 block of New Jersey Street. One woman is dead. No arrests yet.
snicks. twix. pixiestix. all of the above! RT : Tell me fans...what's your favorite Halloween Candy?
the raleigh location would be the closest, but I would need conference room access on weekends for tastings
Why why why
Huh. Apparently all I needed to make my computer stop running so damn slow was a flash update.
McMenamins' coffee is wonderful! As is everything else here.
Is it bad that my soul just smiled as I walked passed the apartment next door and heard somebody butt getting wore out
it's not my fault I know many names lol
Like 10 more days until summer uuggghhh
FWC makes you so happy wow Maggie that is so very inspiring.
If i had a choice of a million dollars or you.... Id choose You because your already my prized possesion!<3
hey there
havent been out of bed yet... thinking about going outside and laying out.
I put you on the list for tomorrow.
Am I the only one who reads Craigslist missed connections and secretly wishes they were written for me?
is that what they're saying? I haven't heard it.
Indeed. I (mistakenly) jumped into 506 without having taken the first two; still did pretty well. Excellent prof tho (Hargett)
My #instagram feed makes me proud to be #PREBOK. Thanks a lot for the reminder.
awee thanks love!! And yeah he did. Bit It took a while for him to do so.
My birthday is in four days and you still dont know how old I am. haha.(:
I always love Monday mornings. The only day I get to lay in bed until I want to get up!
Deleting Numbers !
I by far work with the most amazing people in the entire world! Thank you for the birthday wishes!!!
Weird. I guess I'm a Twitter ghost or something.
me gusta your picture. Too bad half of my face is chopped.
RT : If you don't love at the end of this there might be something wrong with you.
Way to go brock
Tip: When you quit a job, strategize remaining vacation days 'not' to work anymore Mondays until you leave.
Neighbors house was T-peed by teenyboppers didn't see it till late. Weirdest eye contact moment ever..fried eggs all over the driveway
The Loveable Rogues ♥.♥
So what about us guys that use glasses to hide our eyes because we don't wnat everyone knowing we are watching everything
Great advice Jean
not this time, maybe winner won't show and their will be a new winner
I think someone on the cta bus just took a pic of me with their cell.....
Nother good session idea: exploring public/private partnerships
On my way to NYC Church :)
Ok brother dear, I finally gave up and found you because I need you to help me find a Baltimore Bandits jersey.
If I were a bird my call would be "AWP, AWP!"
oh..whatcha doing in Logan Square..wait 20 minutes..umm I may not make it..but tell me anyway
haha she loves gift cards by the way. And yes she's loca.
Session today with ! Finishing the bridge for "Do You Know" and hitting the melody for "blackmail"! oh
My car finally bit the big one - time to rent and regroup!
that would be great they hardly do that with AD
So my friend Tori just told me I was the best friend a girl could ever have. I love that chick!
came to las vegas.NV and i couldn,t go see thm worse and kinda good day ever DX
This is it...today begins the long journey home. 24 hours of airports and airplanes. Who is bringing me a pizza at ORD tomorrow?
William, thank you for following back.
I forgot how to type. No really.
You gunna be the allstar again today???
Cool! Will be presenting at AWP next yr with Jane L. Carman, Anna Joy Springer, Debra Di Blasi, & Steve Tomasula. See you in Chicago!
Acting like you don't care because you do too much
Literally the bag lady for my group
my bad mane, I thought you had it after the long bomb to fitz.
Ha HA I 've been saying that all day!!!!!
Enjoying the beauty of the Soutern most tip of the Rockies......inspirational.....passionate...peaceful.......playful...nature!
2/2 - if you have to entertain the learners because they have no real motivation to learn, then it's a waste of time.
eyyyyyyyyy baybay! I miss you too , how you been
Katy Perry- The One The Got BOHH
Brieber is going to have a CRAZY story to tell in homeroom on Monday.
i keep learning things are true about 30 Rock...so does NBC or comcast also own a couch factory?
its funny to me how you can ask almost any other fan account who the biggest bitch "fan" is on twitter and everyone says her.
so glad you could join us!! Mom's forget to take R & R for themselves!!
Listening is a gift to both people.
thank you!! You guys made me feel right at home. But next time I'd like a trailer
Um....YES PLEASE! <3
can you manage FB pages you admin from the phone app?
other big issue - going over time or not using the time wisely.
hey can I get a follow back
RE: Moving to LA--specifically, does anyone have experience with apartment locating services they'd like to recommend?
Yay! Gwen Stefani is the cover of Elle's April issue, and she looks hot! I miss her.
Why not test with a dead load? Camera sounds too expensive to trust someone else's ratings, no?
Every man alone is sincere. At the entrance of a second person, hypocrisy begins -Ralph Waldo Emerson
no you didn't
NO! Ugh by who??
Woke up at 4:30am and have been watching Cabin Boy=I'm brain dead
Sip sip sippiiinnnn on that Haterade
You might be able to use something like Whatsapp for non-iPhone people while you're over there.
she always use to tell me she loved me now she don't tell me shit so what that mean?
Highland tour is one of the most thorough I've ever been on!
"make time to waste time." listening to a great talk by Jonah Lehrer
I want something else, to get me through this semi charmed kinda life
To everyone I follow (and my followers too): My Twitter account was hacked. I sent you no DMs. I've changed my password. Hope it works.
Remember yesterday but let it go, think about tomorrow and set your goals.. but live in the now, don't wish it away.Today counts.
It's been a busy day at the Ronald McDonald House. And a fun crew is cooking a fabulous dinner for our families now.
If you're tired, you should go to bed hun xD
why did u do nothing? :)
This is the worst I've ever felt as a #Brewers fan
I walk into a room. Forget what i need, I walk out. And then remember.
#righttoremix As long as it doesn't come out of *my* cut of all that sweet twitter profit money
GE Enhances Workflow in Echo Lab, OR and Cath Lab with Vivid E9 Cardiovascular ... - The FINANCIAL
"Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish." - Steve Jobs
Every time I think my life is depressing I just watch a movie about North Korea.
We're waiting on confirmation that a body found may be that of Michael #Philbin, son of Packer's coach #Joe #Philbin. The story at 7:30am.
Hey Lance , have you performed at all since you left the Monte Carlo? if so where .
Most Popular Food , iWould Have To Say McDonald's Becuss Everyone Has Ate It Before..
these basic bitches don't realize the need for jeffreys. They're jeffreys not just heels
Canes LB Darryl Sharpton (Coral Gables) with a 73 yard INT return for TD. Thaddeus Lewis' only mistake leads to pick 6. UM 34, Duke 16.
When the F are we going to do a show with ??
I want some fries.
I finish traveling on Sunday. (I had tickets for tonight but I can't see straight and have a flight in 10 hours.) So...the 14th?
Love all you guys it 3:30 am here got to go to bed and dream about yall nite all sweet dreams
I need to find my watermelon sundae
do you have to take them?
you are so talented <3 I'm proud
do you know when we're getting our yerbooks? if so, when?
Anyone have Cardona for spanish 3????
Can we save the day in this current economic model session starting
what the heck paaaaaj you dont know nobody lol
there is growing evidence that putting fresh fruits/vegetables in food deserts doesn't significantly alter patterns
Tell the world! #icheckedyes for
I want to give up, but it's worth it if I stay and play.
#INCS David Pike gave a thought-provoking conceptualization of Victorian streets as representing "paradox and contradiction," and ...
decanter still safe and sound!
I can not wait now that the film comes out of Justin Bieber!
Things progressing nicely at
Cincy xavier rematch would be awesome
I thought that was going to be a picture of some person with short shorts and a Panama City tanktop.
S/O to my new followers!!! Still at it!!!
Hm .... I think I have been away from identi.ca for far too long. Lack of OSX app is no excuse.
Mine: "commitment" RT : Word I cannot spell without assistance: "discrepancies."
that's really weird and really cool. I would feel like I was about to murdered all the time in there.
It's important to anticipate success --when we increase aspiration, should also increase resources to support.
Prepping for a shoot in Columbia tonight. We will post pics!
got some guys running North Central tonight, and tomorrow and the U of Chicago Saturday.
I <3 Advertising Media! (incl. Excel spreadsheets, RFPs, new biz pitches, POP decks, photo sheets & crazy deadlines). Retweet if you do too!
one of my all time favorites! Whenever I catch it on tv i feel obligated to watch to the end.
I still can't believe my brother who is in 6th grade is bigger than me..
Geh bye. Enjoy your day.
Still workin' on it.
I can't believe it either babe and it's been the most amazing 7 months with you I love you too! <33 😘😘❤😃
Going to sleep. Good night
I cannot believe myself right now...
Hey y'all just wanted to thank you for your tweets and participation during CES 2011. We all looked through it and I'm going through it ...
The epic failure is discussing a topic that is negative on a day of positivity for mothers. Today's a celebratory day!
haha, it will all make sense once you come visit us this summer.
gimme sum to quench it
Thanks Don. :)
#hardtoreadhashtags RT Watching the live Queen documentary with
I bought the #UnderratedEP by PSanders!!!! & I love it!!!:)
3/She was a Great Singer and Sweet Person.. Praying for her Family.
My mom called someone a poodle slut.
Yes, seal lactation just came up at #DCDrinkUp. Go figure!
#AwkwardMoment when someone does something you didn't think they would do in the first place and I like it lol ;D
yeah, I did..and that stuff happened in formatting, kept trying to fix it but then you got to re-upload it and it did it aga
Plug-In Profit Site - "NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY. We *want* newbies. Don't know how to build a website? NO PROBLEM! Don't know how to...
Thanks, glad you enjoyed it!
ohmannnnn :D I cannot wait to see you!<3
Oh my. Haha.
signs SB 397 ONLINE VOTER REGISTRATION! Go Gov Brown, , & the many many others who supported!
You really hate his lyrics?
defeat only makes you stronger. and it shows that nothing is set in stone. sorry guys. :(
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Sat, May 12 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
I am the newest skinny jean convert.
Clint Eastwood proves once again...words can inspire. WHEN, they are spoken by one with conviction and credibility.
woke up at 3 and beat them! Almost in fort loud on.
Hi friend!
I miss the middle school question game. You get get straight to the point with a broad
made an 88 on my Biology test...and a 96 on my Sociology test! Yes.
“: life is too short to be anything but happy, even if it means being happy alone.” <<<
Knicks-Heat..Mets-Phillies..Kickball..Sun. Very interested in today.
Great event to announce: Dec 10th at Lynnwood Convention Center with Isagenix leaders. buzz me about this business and their background! :)
I planned to go to sleep 45 minutes ago. Then I got on twitter.
I need my headphones......... Dangit forgot it at home
Sarah Palin's Going Rogue is #3 on the Amazon Best Seller's list. I forget, how high did Pelosi's book get? #2 is Glenn Beck.
right!! It was good though who won by the way??
2NITE! Vampire Weekend After Party @ Ghostbar! w/ Baio(of Vampire Weekend) DJ set! Wanna get in for FREE? Ask how!
The awesome moment when you're telling a lie and your best friend notices and joins you
“: Doubt it. He will invite someone else.” :( lol better be his mom or cuzn!!! Lol
hahaha yea :D
wow! You deserve it! My definition of an awesome week would be to co-star on your show...emt perhaps?
my texting buddies are wack AF. Smh ready 2 be back college_bound!! i need a change.. New PPl
If someone comes back to you asking for another chance it may not be because they love you. It could also mean they're not done hurting you.
thanks for the LinkedIn message - will definitely check it out.
Good Afternoon :)
how are we...
they're good... But I like some other guy ! I'm such a slore
No Monday Shows tomorrow due to Patriots Day!
headed to bullpen
Did you miss our Upholstery Sale? Well you're in luck! Today starts our Dining Seating Sale. 15% off - just in time for Thanksgiving!
Seeing yourself as you want to be is the key to personal growth. -Unknown Author
CNI: David S.H. Rosenthal, plenary titled How Are We Ensuring the Longevity of Digital Documents?
Oh that nap felt good
you shut your mouth when you're talking to me! ;)
i am still coughing! i dont understand how i can still feel this way 2 weeks later!
YES! Layers! I'm thinking chocolate w/ raspberry filling.
Revamp, I guess?
That a good thing RT
.HEY!! NC Back to 1879!! Way to look to the FUTURE!!
Cant Wait!!
Why do students keep addressing me in email as Mrs.? Whatever happened to using Ms.?
My most successful business ideas have come to me while walking along a beach enjoying life. Put life first. Success will naturally follow.
So far only the #Seahawks, #Cowbows, and #49ers new uniforms are dope
Time for a walk. Possibly with a stop at
We assume that Smith missed practices to spend time w his panda, "Brad Garrett" in honor of his favorite actor on "Everybody Loves Raymond."
Anyone equally annoyed with the wrinkled sheets behind Osama in his pictures? Fucking lazy terrorist.
RT: "The best argument against Christianity is a five-minute conversation with the average Christian." Right, ?
Thank you Rosie! I'll be back soon. Have a lovely summer. Feel free to follow me on my personal Twitter:
thats going to give me nightmares for a week O.o
“: you are probably right, just really hard for me to want to give credit to the Vikings for doing something good!” - amen
Great chat tonight- got you guys marked on my calendar. Good to see everyone!
ooh, that looks like a great conference (and a cool topic for you). i think I'll submit something too!
would be awesome if you followed me!!!
home home home
Our South Side location won't be open until January. The fine print notes you can use deal Downtown til new stores open.
I like it how my mom bitches at me for not being ready on time, but I got up a half hour late and I was ready before her.
you never like flash forwards!!! STOP LOOKING AHEAD!!! and yes I loved the ending
Join us at Zion tomorrow for Word and Sacrament at 8 and 10. We begin a new series entitled, "We've Come this Far." Super Sunday is coming!
:) sorry, just got this! hello, all! great to meet you.
we got a liar up in hurr
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/24/2011 and was under her calorie goal
#Motivated to get it done. Much accomplished in life but still so much more to do.
I’m a strong girl, I keep my shit in line. Even with tears falling down my wet cheek, I can still say those 2 words, I’m fine.””
shes great she inspired me by always reminding me that she will always care about me (and others too) in her tweets
About to get off work soon... I think I took 50 X-rays on patients today.
Why do people use photos of their kids for profile pics on Facebook, but not so much on twitter? #Random Also, please don't start. Thanks
70-80% #BI projects failed in recent survey #premier100conf [wow. Throws cold water on the buzz on it]
The power of my eyes and mind over ruled my wake up calls this morning and now I lost money.. Thanks You were right.
chasing another bonus on full-tilt for the next week I hope it doesn't distract me from chasing WSOP entry.
Just heard bobbybrown is dead too.. he sniffed whitney..
If He Can't Keep A Conversation Going , Ðon't Expect Him To Be Able To Keep A Relationship Going .
too nice out to come inside and work.... picnic anyone!!!!!!
2 hours later, I have completed bout 1/20 of my homework.
what's shakin?
That sounds amazing.
so good to see you! Next week for Oscar party at Titas!
Awesome. Man, nice having a very 'aware' sportswriter covering your team. Thanks a ton.
Circumstances do not make men, they discover them.
It takes time, living in a world when you don't know who to trust.
. There's lit that says discrimination/racism affects physical/mental health indicators... why's no one researching stop&frisk?
Tomorrow is Friday and i need to see my dentist.
Which Season 2 episode is your favorite so far?
Yeah, we traded an 11 for two 1st round picks.. but then took two 2nd round guys.
I spent the most educational morning in class with acting coach Jeffrey Brooks. I learned seven gold acting nuggets. Booyah!
Yea it does haha, I tried like the strawberry one a while back, it was pretty good but I like plain better
My thoughts are going to eat me alive today. I can already tell.
Wassup, Que? Where ya off to?
Bonus the rest of the way. Butler needs to attack, keep using the shot fake
4 more 'likes' until we reach 700... There may just be a giveaway here on the facebook page in the horizon ;)
Thank you for your time
I am such a lucky guy to have Jana in my life. She's the best.
Stop doing things the way they're "supposed to be done". There IS no way things are SUPPOSED to be done.
chatting with quicken now. again. how much more time am I going to waste on this software?
Came to see my niece :).
(AP) -- Christian Dior has named Belgian designer Raf Simons as its new artistic director. Will present his first show in Paris in July.
I need a snickers.
At least they don't have Johnsonville brats.
#megabus adventures: 8 yr old girl to mom "I know how to play blackjack. I learned on the internet from dad."
(St Francis) Sounds like a mattress fire in a bedroom
Unfortunately those are the
didn't know u were leaving. Best of luck! Where headed?
How do you know if a singer is at the front door? He can't find his key.
need a new talent? “: Need a new agent?”
yep! the one in the film.
bummed we didnt get the #webbyaward this year after winning last year but happy for #downtownseattle, a great site!!!!
Sometimes I do things that are so colossally stupid that I can't help but SMH. Othertimes, I think I do but I am actually a genius.
RT : “: All proceeds from $3 savings passes support our work in the Amazon. See how you can help!...
Sittin in the bath tub with a green facial mask listening to the white stripes after an amazing weekend... Life is good
#Top10Lies Funny...It tastes just like chicken
Not enough nonconf flexibility with Navy, Army and FCS for parents weekend RT so may schedule BYU, Utah, and still play USU SJSU?
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tomarow's show? ;)
yeah of course i will!and ok yay! im really excited now!
mentioned subversion. Now I'm remembering engineering research groups from college!
Wait...you mean officials can do that?
I might!! what does it look like??
I'll just throw snails at both of you and you'll surrender :D
hahahaha!!! Yes directionators get shipped to a island that the boys will never visit and is full of deadly monkeys
wanna follow me back? Please!
Yeah, it just lacks the excitement of actually getting them when you are in the park. Something fun about that. It's a bummer
I wanna wish luck to everyone today :) for the retakes.
I thought women are independant and don't need a man to do anything for them, because ladies can do things themselves : )
Here at the San Diego Concourse preparing for tomorrow's Women's Resource Fair. Thanks to JD, Joe and Sarah!
cuz janie's got a gun. RT : And call the cops. RT : katie, bar the door...
With my old friends. Nice.
That's one person I'm not following because they can't keep from spoiling a movie for everyone else.
cant wait for the roadtrip to.indiana weds for the bulls game !
I'm one of yhur followerz...anywayz,i like princeton so??!!:)
Black Belt's Twitter focus is changing to provide men intel on need-to-attend events for smart, savvy and sexy women around Washington, D.C.
Wit my boobooo ☺❤
ah BRING IT
also. 40 feels a lot like 39.
It's coming soon my dude. Thank you for blessing it my man...
In Starbucks while they playing Angels by Sarah Mclaughlin. I feel uncomfortable.
Where will you be celebrating July 4th? We know the how will be wearing one of our shirts.
How did your gig go last nite @ the Holiday Inn?
Im getting good at basketball I think I should tryout this year
hows things? Just got off work. Today was my friday, yay!
Andrew I noticed u always r giving to wi people. Just curious why? I love it!
Who are some good Artists in Denver that need #beats?
You should follow this awesome design company ! do it now
alright, I might try to swing by real quick to watch, but no promises.
#FF Folks did amazing work this week
looking forward to the 1st #plpnetwork synchronous chat
u guys made the city of ny and jets fans around the globe proud, GO JETS!!!
Working on it, shooting for an early spring release.
Glad everyone's alright. Sorry about the oak, though. :-(
Textbook example of why wins and losses shouldn't be counted as any sort of relevant stat for pitchers.
U were saying?
Oops, meant to say they DON'T help. The editing makes the piece seem a little silly.
Glad you're enjoying my music Jordan.
RT : Chris Christie still quite popular in Jersey: 51 approve to 35 disapprove, per Monmouth U
Follow who is one of the greatest young artists that I have ever met :) I love his odd sense of humor lol
I swear all the iPhones I had were all built to be indestructible. The shit I put these things through... #whatachamp 👍👏
nice bike:) lol I love PBR
and face... He needs to learn to take a hit and still finish. Turn on his inner Bruce Lee
thanks for followin
Moksa restaurant in Cambridge, Central Square - delicious asian tapas and creative drinks - pretty cheap too
Making a final sweep of my Mother's charred apt today for salvageable items. Weather Gods seem to be on our side. Humor God needed as well.
Thanks for the #SO !
I can be tough, I can be strong but with you It’s not like that at all.
Just back from Property Mgt Class..... Anyone looking for webinar equipment?
TWEET TWEET TWEET!!!! hehe
the Blue Dogs are teenage royalty. If #CapHillHigh were US Weekly they'd always be on the cover.
John Travolta says "Hollywood is run by a bunch of gay jewish men looking to f--k people". Who's his speechwriter, Mel Gibson?
Maryland bans employers asking for your Facebook password
2011 was a year of good eulogies. Mona on Steve. Bruce on Clarence. I may go looking for more.
A Facebook page is not a strategy.
Sexta-feira, no classes, team yoga, relaxing!
Re Mormon underclothing--the second #postsecret starts censoring itself to avoid offending readers, it's lost something precious
Good Morning! How are you planning to be an influence today? Everyday presents an opportunity to leave a legacy.
Finally caught up with the pilot of 2 Broke Girls. Hm. I like MPK, so I'm planning on catching another episode--see how it's progressed.
We want to thank everyone who has been supporting us and sticking with us during the development stages. We are now moving into live testing
Samuel Beckett was pretty good at cricket. Claimed to be the only person to have won the Nobel AND appeared in Wisden.
lamo I know I'm sexy
lol. Missed the Toto tweet before...D'oh!
your company may have problems when pretty much anyone who isn't a partner doesn't give a shit about leaving your company.
315k on dinner. one of the chipleaders. like 90 left 36 pay. having fun battles with
The Real Debt Ceiling @ daryldorsey.com. (Read blog) God has called us to become great managers!
Happy Hour 4-6pm 1/2 price sushi, beer & wine ~ Stop in and see us!
RT : I retweet therefore you are.
Going on a date tonight with xoxo
Don't get me started on light skinned men.....it's too early for my bullshit
Photo Detective - Maureen Taylor - shares how photos & genealogy intersect at Images of the War of 1812: Photo Evidence Revealed
#OHIO RT : #MarchMadness -- For the first time in NCAA men's tournament history, four teams from Ohio are in the Sweet 16.
Funny but true: "The reason pages are fixed width and centered is because that's the static image the client signed of on"
Hey guys, tonight is the night! The EXTENDED You Are Your Own: An Artistic Gallery Experience. Last week was awesome, so don't miss out!
I love you <3(: I wanna skype you again! It's been to long
Now my heart doesn't stop racing -.- ugh
I love talking to a real nigga.he ain't on that bullshit.think I chose the wrong one to fuck with.ugh
chill out son
drizzy drake killed it on fuse tv
On the ladder to success.
Other than a traditional LMS, I am looking for an app that tracks when someone reads a document. Must be private/secure.
We Love you!!! Welcome back.
Harvest of the Month for May: Strawberries
#MattCavanuaghSays Drew Brees is too tall
hey the release date of your album is my mom's b-day I hope she can get me it for her birthday since we both love your music
Is it cuz school starts in 2 wks? RT : I have no idea why im so tired :/
Major girl crush on Blake Lively.
It was an absolute amazing reboot, although when compared to Batman Forever, twilight becomes a good film
One of the many luxuries of the top 1% is they can pay others to occupy Wall St & DC for them... they call them LOBBYISTS!
hahahaha Shut ur face when ur talking to me.. ;)
All right! I want to see some spunk!!!!! If all else fails she can flip the table on them!! Go Teresa!!
Listening to Eddie Harris play "born to be blue" ALWAYS gives me goosebumps.
I ignore you because I no your strong body and mind.
to continue what we started in a comment thread-That's interesting you read over a long time. I lose all sense of continuity
When I was a kid we shot shotguns and everything else without ear protection.
Thanks to all of my new followers to many to list 34 new people have a great weekend work tomorrow
RT : I'm working box office Endgame on Friday, March 2. Come hassle me and make elaborate nonsensical demands.
HAPPY, HAPPY, JOY, JOY!! It's Friday!! It's FRIDAY, FRIDAY, FRIDAY!! Enjoy and have an AWESOME day!! :)
Love to ride the F: you get to see the city with the tourists.
#following you right back pa
If you're gonna at least attempt to rap, step your bars up hahah
That's Junior's food and purina cat chow. I want the good stuff, MOL!
Coffee and cigarettes for breakfast.
#Hialeah Park #Bike Night cookies for today: potato, cho chip, s'more, hot cake, PB, red V, 2x cho chip, vegan carrot cake & cho nanna...
I just got the first shipment of the new Crazy Mary CD Dreaming In Brilliant Color. Hit Me up for a free one.
Absolutely! "Divide and conquer" wasn't invented by Scott Walker. Time honored principle of minority rule, from ancient times
Downstairs at second to final dress rehearsal. We're here to make a dent in the universe.
but I like #banannas :D
Do not believe that possibly you can escape the reward of your action.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
You need to re-release Beer League in 3D, like Titanic. You'll make millions like James Cameron.
oh, damn beat me to it.
hot that i was like gonna faint if he touched me. goal tomorrow: talk to him. hes a senior so i have to hunt but he agreed to marry me. OMG.
So he is going to start again tomorrow, right?
If you entered Papa John's Superbowl free pizza contest, then be sure to check your email for instructions on how to claim your prize.
I just had to take a cry break in the work bathroom... Sad day... But I'm going to make it
haha it's alot harder than you think! I have Algebra 2 and I like...go blank on it!
Your Roy Lichtenstein makeup is the best Ive seen! And Ive seen some others attempt this! Awesome job!!!!
They say I am pretty but I don't see it! If I am so pretty like everyone says why I'm I forever alone?..
hey!!, how's evrything in S.C. So far? Nobody left in the office to tweet my lunch!!
I dont think anyone expect Randi the Ringer Raslack to be so dominant
hi hey! Off topic, but Can you tell a friend? MS SQL analyst, perm in Addison. Thx! / 214-691-9494x12
I know but it needs to come sooner :)
Our next session is on Blackboard and will begin shortly when tables shift...
haha, I love how we are making believe he actually did cheat on me lmao 😂. only 7 more weeks to make it come true!!!
“: Shhhh… BE QUIET I HEAR SOMETHING! I think that’s the sound of nobody giving a fuck about what you think.”😉
After you've already hit it via other channels you don't get to see SM-shared links. So, yes.
\(^_^) ": RT if you have an istagram I need followers :)"
Hey Columbus! If you or anyone you know is looking to pick up some extra cash while helping a good cause - one of my non-profit clients is …
Stepped out of the air conditioned theater into 87 degree weather. And here I am, dressed in my SHIELD outfit which is all black.
Good going. RT : crossword. Done. Couldn't even stump me on fifty down.
can u follow me plz!!!!!
googling "is my mouth supposed to hurt like this" yields far more results than I'm comfortable with
OMG!!! Why do migraines have to exist??? They hurt so bad!!! :(
Thanks for the RT!
Need moe followers
Wi-fi is out. This sucks.
RT : "The customers have spoken. But are we listening? I would argue not nearly hard enough." John Paton
in the media center at lunch. They're gonna be there again tomorrow too.
I hate when you are hungry and tired and you aren't sure what to choose
THAT SAID: Hi5, Rev! Look who's talking about a black woman's failure to be defended by the justice system! #KRAY!
cool homie! Hope to see you next time you come around!
what is that ? Lol
I think my dad has it. We had a friend who was a highway patrolman. His son helped a murder an Ojibwe under an I-95 overpass.
anyone in a while so it's annoying me
Leadership isn't communicating what you need, leadership is communicating what you can contribute. ~
Holy crap!!! We did it!!! We blew the world record away!!! More than 4000 zombies this year!
Dan Aykroyd sitting w Paul Allen at the Blazer game. Go Blazers!
Having a morning that lends itself to listening to Bon Iver sing Bonnie Raitt.
shut up but i am pumped you will be up this weekend
sorry guys I meant lol sorry Constantine, was great seeing you last night.
Happy drink with your family day! We started with mimosas, how about you?
LOL is that a bite mark!?!?
''A relationship doesn't need any promises, terms or conditions, it just needs two people "one who can trust and one who can understand."
Nicole is in her room now recovering. She did so good I am so proud of her. She is doing fine.
Take it from an old timer. Prevention costs much less than dental work. Plus you get to keep your own teeth!
Happy mothers day to the mothers with big dreams!
More Subjects: Advocacy, Chiros, Nutrition, Diet, Oxidative Stress, Mercury, Challenging Behaviors, Verbal Beh, Video Modeling, Gastro...
#In The Studio
I want to be dox'ed lol, how much info on me could I have out there?
We want to thank everyone for a wonderful Summer Market and look forward for the opportunity to continue with the new Winter Market!
Bored at home, nobody came to see me today.
Nice luncheon w/ the Heritage Society members today, including a special performance by the Trinity Chamber Choir. Great Friday !
: Keep the music coming! Heard you play at Longhorns in Manhattan, KS last year...you tore it up!
It's the #weekend!!!!! Party party party! Don't forget to take your Closing Time ;)
WTF did you do?
This cloudy day is a nice change
Wow. Wow. Wow.
i will send yhu a request and ma name on fb is prince olakanmi
Yes a simple code to live by. A ll the best Margaret.
ever since we met, i only shoot up with your perfume.
You’re a real musician when; you get to the gig to find out that nothing is comped, and you're charged $10 to park.
that's a cool picture!
he asked me did I want to go to the movies Fri. I said yeh so when we were textin he stopped textin & we never went
“: What we need now is some artists on prime time! How beautiful would that be! #ACMs” Very!
Yes! For journalists or people working in media in general.
Five beta customers already on-board for the new product. Intrigued?
Thanks for what you do for stray animals , more celebs follow your lead.
Buzz Williams went 2 straight weeks without yanking a scholarship? Guy is losing his edge.
is all about convening a diverse group of people and charting a path
should be on this stage right now
Fire wheel is about to drop an acoustic love bomb. Get to Lovin Cup now
when you leave love? il be home 19th may =)
what city is that?
"Sometimes I just sit and wonder what she has that I don't… besides you."
me neither. In fact I have paw prints on my rear window.
Slick Willy going to make an apearance today?
To tired to go to school I want to stow away and sleep for tired days straight!
First Aid for the Basic Sciences, General Principles, Second Edition (First Aid Series)
These chicks must think that dudes will get at them just bc they stuff their boobs in their headshot...try again lol
If you are an exhibitor at the Denver show, reply with your booth number so our fans will know where to find you!
There is still food in there :) which looks good!
UT just replaced west coast dude from Boise with a former NFL coach, x2 NCAA champion, with SOUTHERN recruiting ties.
yes!!! I really want to go!!!
I'm intrigued! Let me know what teaches you.
Guten Morgen Thanks for being our latest follower and welcome to our twinning tweets. Watch out for our competition later!
I was super impressed by your intensity on the game. Thanks for inviting me! Let's definitely get together for drinks SOON!
Sometimes I find myself wonderin' where you aree, <3
Someone else from NARTH giving testimony says it is National Assoc 4 Research on Therapy 4 Homosexuality, or some BS like that. Boo. Hiss.
we love trees!
Cee-Lo and his cat >
thanks for the RT!
So much for not handing out a practice final exam! Take that Physics!
A3) When we need to get classy, we visit our neighbors
Krick answers the ? "Why Jackson over Lee?" saying that Lee's popularity waxed later than Jackson & in part because of Jackson's success.
How do I apply to get into the fashion police academy? Whats training like?
I look forward to the day I can call it home too.
"Life at the Resort" WON BEST COMEDY FEATURE at the New York International Independent Film & Video Festival 2011 !
Peter Piper or Chuck E Cheese?
Where would you recommend to go for good mac and cheese? My mac and cheese blog needs new blood.
People get on my ever lovin last nerves sometimes
Anything on the healthier side we can recommend to our members?
How to Freak People out: 1) Empty out a Windex bottle and clean it. 2) Fill it with Blue Gatorade. 3) Spray it in your mouth in public."
ILL & Document Delivery will be down Sun 3/18 6pm until noon Mon 3/19. ILL and article requests will be unavailable during this time.
Live lunchtime music under the tent in Schenley Plaza today from noon-2. We love free programing in Schenley Plaza!
#MyThoughtsDuringSchool DAMN, my professor is fine!
It's the red. Red t-shirts look good on everyone. ;)
Thanks we are happy to met you too.
#youthviolence wm bell of Casey family Prog asks what good is it to save kids from foster care only to have them become victims of viol?
Cook like Jerry: Waterfront Kitchen&#39;s new Monday cooking classes
“: So excited to see in NYC! Drinks with pls. ((I will be sure to recognize you right away!!))”//YES!
#Imagine Austin: how i cant love you while you're the most beautiful & nice girl I never met. You: *blush*
YES! That was amazing last night, and SO much fun :)
Thanks so much! Sparkle plenty! xoxo
dam u treating me like gio bt ok i want
what a great goal. Its all about knowing yourself and living your dreams
dv server...am I affected?
You are going to love Hawaii. Which island are you visiting?
Mr Delirium's "Survey Pro" won 2nd place in Fells Point Corner Theatre 10x10 short play competition! I'd like to thank the little woman!
Accepting oneself does not preclude an attempt to become better
That's why I wear glasses. It also burned a hole into my cerebral cortex. That's why I have to wear a helmet and a leash.
I kid you not before my very eyes is an "Obama '08" tattoo. 
How does #oomf know that.. :\
i hope it'll be there by then. pub date is 3/15. thanks!
love it.
its the night owl what s up you $200 a bottle smell good, sexy boy shorts & tight tee wearin woman
Happy birthday miss Cheyenne. Have a good day baby
Anxious to try #GoogleDrive . If it's good, I might just move everything there.
whahahaha @ Bristol palin
I'm on my way
Rad! Nothing wrong with tattoos that only exist is our minds eye!! Some tattoos I've seen IRL should probably have stayed there!
good point - they were probably too little too late - he had other things to be reading I'm sure...
Maybe if I just keep drinking tea and listening to Bill Evans, I can write 2 papers today.
A Strong Drink..A Nice Sex Session & a Good Nights Sleep Sounds Amazing.
Every leg-spinner is better than Warne (pls don't tell the aussies - i have yet to see a kangaroo)
Much appreciated, Helen. TY!
Good Morning fans! Today is going to be an amazing day. I feel great.
Since Mark is not on Twitter or Facebook, I'm going to give a shout out to and ask her to wish him a happy 30-sexth birthday!
Why, thank you!
where is tonight?
John Love invented the pencil sharpener in 1897- InSpotter mobile app
Signed a lease for my first official one-bedroom just 4 days into the new year. What's next? Hopefully a driving license in February.
Positano Hotel Booked! BOOM!
Let's go
YOUNG PHAT FOR PRESIDENT MIXTAPE COMIN SOON!!!! MIGHTY MPIYA BUSINESS!!!! LETS GET IT!!!!
Seriously I'm trying to get up from this couch but SPONGEBOB is making it hard 😁
party was nice. I look forward to experiencing the great shops and dining.
8Flavahz is shit compared to the other crews. Just saying.
I like my coffee black. Just like my men.
Beautiful day...just too darn hot!!
because you don't tweet lol.
great performance by Nellie McKay she was really spell binding.. We so appreciated her support of civil disobedience.
These people are silly cuz
I'm gonna name my daughter Norma Jeane just so she can get picked on. :}
Met him at sabres game RT : where did you meet him at?
Oh hey he pulled one. Nice.
Get ready for Royal Caribbean's WOW sale Tues & Weds! Get up to $250 onboard credit & reduced deposit - sailings start in Jan! 800-803-7245
Geeking out over all of these free prospective courses. Why don't you just read a book, you say? Creating my own tests would be cheating.
Tonight estilo is where to be!!!
yeah, obama! great news, right?
Thanks :) RT Happy Mothers Day (:
If only was a subject at school, we'd all get A+. And if fangirling was a job, we'd all be billionaires.(:
Nah. RT: If u wanna get your car chromed holla at me I'll hook u up
Hitting the gym hard so I can have them big arms the girls like
My own paintings of a cityscape.
I feel your pain! #isitfridayyet?
Justice system ain't shit, full of Devil Worshippers
congrats on the win!
Ok gonna try to do it tomorow.thanks kim
Planned, or just time?
Hey I love your content, if you ever want to be guest blogger on my site I would love to have you.
I like the idea of a wrist tattoo. :) My mom would be so proud lol. She has one, so I guess if she shot it down, she would be a hypocrite.
I'll be seein yall boys on that song SOON!!! I heard ol #Bredren verse already! Yeaahh mayne!
"the only end to adolescence is death or employment"
agree completely
“: Oh you have Adi-Zero cleats? You must fly around the bases.” hahahaha
honestly there is no way i can thank you enough for the past year
OMG why did that man jump up & down?.
"A good idea is about ten percent implementation and hard work, and luck is 90 percent"- But we're still working hard!
Good weather now a days .
visit www.tncnews.com for more breaking news
Hey #Lebrick, your mom is licking her lips lookin at
The Cats are all hard at work tonight designing, coding, testing, and deploying… what are you all up to?
no problem girlie :)
instead of buying a $6000 camera today, I settled for a $30 card reader.
Good luck with the event, will there be notes taken?
#UPS guy delivers package. Rings doorbell & drops it at the front door, not waiting to see if someone is home.Good customer service or not?
Portions of the new Death Grips record sound like Cody Chesnutt expanded "Bitch, I'm Broke" into a concept album.
thanks for the mention!
again not America's fault.
wink if you're reading this(;
i was actually there it was me!
Ready for tonight to end so I can be closer to getting out of the hell I call mothers day brunch tomorrow and have a day off with my babe
who got an A on their midterm? Katy Ricardo, that's who!
Good to see you too Pranav! I wanted to catch you again after the last session of panels but couldn't find you.
This is the final week of #MFA #thesis exhibit, Nine Degrees. Exhibit closes May 13, at 4 pm.
Newport in hand now all I need is a drank and not beer I need some #Henny!!!
Cleanse the negative energy and open the field for imaginative possibilities. The clear path to discovery!
I literally wrote "Watching Downton Abbey's 2nd season" on my To-Do list for the weekend.
PURE by Baggott is pub'd as adult but I'm sure it will have crossover interest with teens.
hm....I see....haha!!!take your time, I'll See you around...hopefully...
You say sorry like an angel heaven let me think was you.
I wonder how many humanities post-docs are out there in the twitterverse. If you know any, please help me connect! Thx!
I can't move my right arm...
oh I will. Say the time and place and I'll beat your ass ;)
you'll have to post a picture on the one you decide on!!
The only player in mlb who I believe is worse then Corey hart..is Carlos gomez how did the brewers get lucky enough to get both
thanks girl! Time flies! We must be having fun :)
das me dude.
oh well
5 more minutes, FOOD 4 MA BELLY.
What about when he was a nihilist in the Big Lebowski? More laughable than terrible.
ok hmu when u get out
Thank you!
there nuts!
Ha! Thanks, Dennis.
Great working with you last night. You smelled so good!! lol Makeup Artist LaT
Christofer drew front row and I got to meet him. I can't
yes it is
wow. #git branching, that just blew my mind.
please note that I am in fact replying!! Yeah, that woman needed a Lucozade with extra strength Excedrin this morning
My mental relationship with
Jayz coming to town tomorrow! Woo...lemme find out!
there are 22 players on the pitch for 90+ minutes vs 10 on the court for 48 minutes. Its pretty close in the game today...
I guess today is when us cavemen watch championship #NFL and the more refined intellectuals just snipe on twitter.
BAE = That's My Love . Main = You Ain't The Only One But You My #1 . Boo = We Ain't Together But You Mine . KNOW Where You Stand !
Hello París, thanks for following us!
Truth doth the drunken mind tweet.
There's still time to head down to Music Hall & grab some of the few remaining tickets to see live with the CSO!
Make sure to get to the tonight and see the !
OMFG 1 MINUTE AH #BoyzAreBack OMG I CAN'T MY EMOTIONS!!!
and here I thought you'd be getting -ism tattoos.
Getting ready for ministries cabinet this weekend. Going to be a great time.
Any fun plans for Cinco De Mayo?
Life sorts out itself in such Mysterious ways.. Only God
Excellent. Use "graphic designer" in a tweet, get new followers. They'll be sorely disappointed very, very soon.
33 but it's about to go off I think
you have rollerblades, right?
if i audition for the x factor, will you put me through to the next round?
lots of Asians?
“: that's awesome!! Congrats!” Cheers, Jamie!
After getting my Paul Silas on 0-4 for the day time to kick back n enjoy the. High life miller that is.
Never mind! Just try.
im running outta time. where is my runaway love?
Consistent investment in building the relationships first really pays off ~
Trying tracks for the first time
No Rick, BO will prob not use say "govt-run top-down health care" THAT'S NOT WHAT IT FUCKING IS. (Tell him Mitt, then deny it)
I think Nicolette is a whore, tbh. I'm just saying, do you see what she wears doe?
Twitter > Facebook
“: Totally awesome that John Boehner just tweeted me.” Beware...he's a politician. He probably wants something.
Just yesterday they said it would be 76 and sunny today. Now they say cloudy and high of 55. There are some angry car washers I am sure.
Love da photo!
honestly I had about 20 windows open in chrome and my goal was to read and close them - i know have 40 new windows open :(
We're really good at the craft of printing and we can help you to grow your business through marketing strategies that go well beyond print.
Wow.. Twitter integrated right into Zimbra. I wonder if there is a Socialcast Zimblet
Long week. Spinning a private event tonight. Back in Hollywood next week.
Bio lab exam 😁
Hey there! We put together an infographic on South Sudan that we thought you might like: bit.ly/sudaninfo
Our newest team member starts today. A big FOCUS welcome to Latrell!
Gods gonna be with me. Hopefully everything will go well today:)
After a one year hiatus, the prodigal son returns. Ha. You doing PGA-West again? We're in Palm Springs (again).
Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely ~ P. J. O'Rourke
nah it's straight. Just love to help. All I ask is u keep me in the loop so I can promote da fuck outa ya
Good night twitterbugs! Another day done here at Celebotastic!
*laughs* that is the last thing I need
It's so cold in my office that I'm wearing my winter jacket. Brr!
"Only true believers remain."
