NEVER HEARD OF #TW RT : RT : I like #TeamWestside songs better than
braden don't tell us what to do
thank you, skylar should still Be in it
@ so cool. Actually a great time to bring it out...60's today and tomorrow.
LOL my nana is fucking beast! My grandpa is talking shit about her to everyone and she says 'Well I guess I'm famous! Everyone loves me!' 
Took time, but last night when I created FB event, went through all FB friends. Invited about 1/3. None will say wtf
Saw PAUL tonight. Having lived in England and being married to a Brit, the USA vs. UK humor really made the film for me. Marmite. LOL!
We continue to grow our library of green screen backgrounds for the mobile flipbook studio. What themes/scenes do you think we should add?
...and for some reason his real name is a massively funny joke. Okay, I'll take my music news back now please.
Live your life today and forget the unpleasant things that had happened in the past.
What's on your mind?(: haha
Seriously, that's actually every woman to every husband/boyfriend.
Teachers, Children's Advocates Chant Schooling Demands On DOE's Doorstep
Skiles shows a little passion. Gets ejected.
Define "awake." I too am out of bed, but awake isn't the right word.
Thanks for the #follow Let's rock a gig sometime soon!
when in sin city, do as sinners do
that was my 1st thought when I read about the new badges!!
could u please help us to trend #switzerlandwantsbiebsback ??
A Thank You to our newest followers Have a wonderful day!
do you have any scheduled performances coming up?(:
Thank you for saying this. One of my former coworkers was having a meltdown about this.
Haha I AM going. xD and sure, you guys will be right next to the rest of the team. :D
COM Theory and Visual COM. Just lots and lots of info...
Bout to go to da 100 black men program yea!!!!!!!
you understood me? Yayy I speak Greek! Hahah
Be careful what you allow to enter your mind, you just might cause psychological genocide.
Dam yall r steady on Kim's dick,posing as haterz but r secret fans,since u like dick so much throw them lips this way,hater!!
dear lord, the answers so far are borderline terrifying
Looks like there will be a full field of sprints at Andy McKisson, Davey Jones, Gale Ruth Jr all first time out this season
Ur in Miami!!! I think omgg I really hope I get 2 c u I'm so happy!!!!!!!! How was ur flight???
“: You look like a crack head.” Thanks girl (;
Playoff hockey begins tomorrow night. Do yourself a favor & watch #Pens vs #Flyers series. Intensity of that series is gonna be insane
it was AMAZING <3
come up here I can get you in free. I have a buddy pass !(:
thank u!
Courage is knowing what not to fear. -Plato
Nice! Will do! Excited to be at Conlins Weds (5/9) from 5-7p! RT be sure to get the home made chips they are fn awesome
yes, and against a shorthanded nets...
How old is your mattress? Sleeping well at night? #sleep #mattress king
haha yes I'm from Chicago REPRESENT (;
OM-Fing-G. They're selling penis pumps on television. Pos-T-Vac. And you thought yhere was nothing useful in the backpages of Hustler...
you know its a slow day on twitter when "AP Gov" is trending.
Have a client expanding his local footprint in Florida. #DavinciVirtual such great #virtualoffice pricing there! $30/mo? Yes please!
Wth was Justin Bieber doing with Mayweather .
Missed yesterday's #50People to Watch ticket giveaway? is hosting another Facebook contest today! via
Im loving love and hiphop right about now.
I love you ; p
The season for "NO" excuses? Too many excuses by a bunch of bitches... Too bad they took the opportunities from someone else!
definitely, we're very excited to have Shauna join the team. Thanks for the mention.
Yeah, most popular subreddits are a mob mentality circlejerk.
why yall so depressed on sleeping alone?? lmao
Note to self - no Torchweed after midnight or while eating supper.
I don't see you following yet...what gives?!!
lol so do I(: he is SO CUTE(:
If someone's driving in more than one lane, I will totally yell into question the level of inbreeding that spewed them into this world.
sounds like you need to join Nyquil Anonymous. The first step is admitting your life has become unmanageable.
Very excited about the Silent Music Revival tonight at Firehouse Theatre Project w/ Photosynthesizers!
THANK YOU! To everybody for voted for our hero and a big huge THANK YOU to you Max, for all you do for
U should listen to Twitter on this one
": You have to let life and resources flow out of you to others in order to have room for life to be poured into you."
yeah his concerts are always fun!
Overheard - two teen girls talking about how much they love old movies...like The Lion King.
If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?
Ohio blew the roof off its shooting efficiency numbers against Michigan.
Did I meet you for a reason or for a season?
Great day of shooting , lots of great footage, this mini doc is coming along great!
Attempting to get in the car "Ouch, I banged my head on the door and on the inside of the car! So I basically got double banged"
Operation: Education Uptown, Week Four. Tonight @ 7:30 pm. Where will you stand? Moment < Movement
What's up you proud American!!! FYI I care about what you tweet about...
Three day weekends are *awesome* :D
Where is this?
Yep. Not liking the way this is playing out. Rough half with those foul calls.
Tip #197: Just when you think you have "MASTERED" selflessness, ask God for a little perspective & He will gladly give it!
yeah. we'll ask them
Awesome :D I like your new picture by the way! :o
Nice, a Multics (LOTR) joke. Haven't heard one of those in 25 years.
Check our our Ministry!!!! www.barefootdrumsofhouston.com
thanks... You too!
I think I have a serious case of tissue paper poisoning...Merry Christmas Everyone!
RT : Tune in to 's to hear 's talk all things cocktails Friday 1:30pm!
yeah we did! Lol! I love DD too! He lived in my neighborhood when I lived back in GB! Great guy, great family man!
Sister Christian, Night Ranger
In 23 days, I will be a senior.
Republican on the Alaskan Tundra and I like men.
RT : breakfast would be lovely. « i know !!! Make it lol
Team STH headed to weigh-in, thinking light thoughts, spit cup in hand!
Every preview of next week's episode of Mad Men is the same: Don, Peggy, Roger, Megan… they're all going to answer ringing telephones!
RT The best response to stupidity is silence
Made a new video! Check it out in a bit!
Everybody likes a compliment. - Abraham Lincoln
Abublubliblu were such losers
also got pamphlets and explanations of complicated rules governing food scrap pickup for apartment buildings of over 8 units
IFC options in Revit let's you pick what exports.Need IFCarea. Open the text file to see it exported.
As much as I'd like to listen to #chrisbrown.... I can't.. He fucked up!!! #imstillwithit!!
Anybody know what the big mystery is all about over at Little, Brown & Company? Sounds interesting.
Love...? Once it starts to go away don't expect it to ever be the same your losing me slowly.. Can't say I didn't warn ya...;)
RIP Checkers Penguins and Blackhawks
Learning to do one thing at a time...
follow a wolff pack alum :)
Those that follow us on Twitter...thanks from the bottom of our heart! Lol
O will be cracking skulls for tonight
Agree completely.
#CharityTuesday Shoutout 2 a few #nonprofits working on #jobcreation from a justice perspective
RT Listening to with 's & #JamesRoday talking about theatre in L.a. & new show #AFT”
Gorgui with a little hand down, man down
Oh no, heat lamps are off.
Hated the dunk contest! Bo!!!!
yes I agree
Good luck babybabybooboo!!!
Be true to who you are.(:
Happy birthday to my bff corimia everyone wish her a happy birthday! :D!
1 day down, 1 to go.
it may be that my roommate is gay or it may be I am super super FUNKY! You decide...
According to press reports, they warned people in advance that this might happen. Not enough?
Don't know when or where, but once again I made it home!! BIG!!
working on my bucket list
More important than names are retirements. Big, fat ones at prestigious institutions. And at the pretenders.
ok good i was nervous there for a second lol jk..
British speedway rider Lee Richardson was killed after a crash in a race in Poland - Sad Mother's day.
you like a lot of things
The more I watch any online education videos, the more I realize this is the wrong way to learn. Videos are just far too passive.
is there some special event coming up that you need a haircut?
#illinois foul on paul his 3rd. double bonus for Gasser and #badgers with 1:27 left. officials reviewing call
boo!! Lol see ya tomorrow xoxo :) :*
Bardacke's hero: UFW fought righteous battle against capital and lost. Not first and won't be the last. Happy May Day!
my gf dropper her iPhone in the toilet today too. Must be something in the air. ( or water, I guess)
Exactly how tragic is it to apply for an internship after I get my MFA?
“: dude, Vegas! I'm going to wrestle one of the MGM Lions.” oh yea likewise and some wet republic, gotta love it!
Lots of interesting conversations and ideas at
oh yes!!! And don't forget about six flags, because this year i'm going with you guys..
Thanks for braving the cold to give us the yummy goodness! I loved the blintz-style. You guys are the best!
like! Oh wait this isn't Facebook
hahaha I told you!
Yay called sprint and they fixed my #iPhone 4s issues
Can homeless people get homesick?
yeah right in Nevada, with many of boosters from UNLV making "private donations" it's being investigated by the NCAA.
Just had a "good" cry. I forgot how great those feel.
Sam, connor, and willie playing just dance= funniest thing ever!!
1 yr membership FREE @ www.TheGymPro.com, use promo code "fit" in the field after the Account Info page during the sign up process. FREE!!!
Good for you, 80% and all...
all those shows like that are that's why I don't watch stick with football,racing,and hockey and you can't go wrong
Stand up comedy >
I dnt even know if im still goin to be able to go to HILLSBORO next year?? my mama took that situation to the board
egads. for me that's the worst part of working in the children's room: inattentive parents.
Australian axe-wielding robot defeated. 5-year-old happily humming "Spacelab" to himself. You know, the Kraftwerk track after "The Robots".
Swat Options Big $$$ Plays Recent profits: SPY 2833% DLB 1633% NKE 1022% HUN 922%... The list goes on, check out the board and website.
I am checking on the status of this. I know it was logged as a bug earlier this morning. I will follow up with you shortly.
Good morning #TGIF . What are your plans for this weekend
I got the same e-mail today as well : ))
Don't Kanye West me or I'll Chris Brown you then Tiger Woods your girl.
RT I know I’m not the only one who still uses my fingers to count… Fingers, the original calculator : lol
Spring has sprung.
Now i realize why i stopped eating mcdonalds
You're both so sweet. What about ? Indeed. I love learning from both you & on this...
worst team in the league if we're going strictly off of name power.
I feel so neglected. Let's chitchat.
oh, you know we're just running down the road for fun.. not because we're late or anything. psssht. 
R.I.P Whitney Houston. Sad such a huge inspiration is gone<3
I know, we should have selected a rarer beast like the dulcimer.
Way to bring it Wolf, good effort.
Aye don't get to cocky -_- & someone told me his first name & it was the same thing you told me !
Sad that I am missing #ASTD2012 in Denver but I will be at the other events this year!
this place is incredible, I love it! tasty food, beautiful people, cool architecture. I'll post some info on the upcoming shows soon...
Ate at The Elephant Bar,had The philly, took home desert.Found my Habenero tabasco at Albertsons.
Norweigan explorer, H.R. Pufnstuf, on a quest to find the most perfect onion, discovered the island of Aruba in 1948.
I bet he still has it.
I hope he sues Dale Jr for $234,456,285.
Cold, bright sun, crackling-dry day. Soon to water my Oakland garden; roses blooming! Starting to hear the silence under all the cyber-hum.
I did! Thanks for the tweet :D Hope your exams are going well. Are you done?
I'm going to go ahead and say it. I miss so effing much it hurts! Hurry up and move here, boy!
its miller time.
I love watching Kobe footwork shot fake jab scoring ability and also love hearing him booed in Denver. Questionable personal life.
I can't drink at work anymore, I hit on my boss and get repeatedly shunned for trying to smoke in the office.
Michigan is giving it away. Now I can only hope for a Duke loss as a consolation prize.
13th #SDCChiHack is CloutBout, an app for a fantasy football-style league for social media personalities
John was being a meanie pants until he said goodbye :( #lastday #upset #
who is super essited about #BASHH this Thursday!?!?
Just placed my order. Looking forward to reading it.
ty hope ur party was live also
Are you painting today as well?
We're still giving away lots of free stuff with any online order you make! And by any order, I mean ANY order.. Buy 1 pack or 50!
Oh Okay Then.Still i'll be watching...Every inch,every minute, every hour.Even in lunch.Oh what the heck u know i wouldn't.
Got it-it was blocked after read more. I'm writing a post about your social media strategy
Life seems harder when you have a good heart. You help too much. You give too much. You trust too much. And most of all, you love too much.
I wanna see when its done. pics!!!
#SharkWeek is the shit. Coolest animals on the planet (besides Manatees).
that is awesome
Funny language illustrates gaining height til= flight. So carefully anticipate raising expectations drop-off= scared. So simple, yet...
Have you been a good boy/girl this year? Give yourself an early Christmas present and get your tickets to Abq Sci Fi Expo!
Marlee you should write that yourself
I just registered for the Walt Disney World Marathon. Anyone else an early sign-up?!
psyched for dinner to honor deborah conrad and
I just realized that I'm a Maker's Mark Ambassador, but for some crazy reason I wasn't following !
:) good lookin' out ! ha
Over 8 hours and no sales... the rain can fuck itself. I wish I brought my workout clothes. I need to work out this agression.
Going to GPC this morning
I couldn't do it if I stood where you stood.
that's a good idea. If flights are cheap I could be interested. If that doesn't work we could always hang at the Chi amenity deck
Welcome to Baltimore and the Ravens! You've got a bunch of fans who welcome you with open arms!
WE ARE HIRING! We are looking for servers and a friendly greeter/host. Stop in to fill out an application! 277 W Nationwide BLVD! please RT!
aren't options
shit. i have to practice my ass off.
what's wrong with you mama?
Game 3 in Denver #Lakers vs
is fucking awesome. That is all.
WHO TRYNA SMOKE DIS LOUD WIT ME
Come to fireside bowl tonight! bad bad meow plays 30 but get there early so you can score a lane!
"good times!! :-) : Just ate a pb&j sandwich and mac&cheese for lunch. I'm officially a 5yo again. #didnteatthecrust"
Just yawned a sneeze away
Michael Jackson's Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough was #1 on this day in 1979. I always sing along but know none of the words.
Can't help it
Lethal Lips is so fucking NASTY
Another line out - Leicester steal
"However, the deeper spiritual core of the ancient culture... reverence for gods and the heavens, cannot be destroyed" #ShenYun revives it.
We review all submissions in real time to be sure they are on brief. If not we go back to the creator and discuss how to change
I'm training right now: Modelos on no sleep & I cracked a tooth today eating sweet tarts. I'm taking Philly serious.
Keep on Rockin'!!!
Alright its Fri 13th! I get a kick out of all those superstisious people out there scared of this day.
I'm rocking the salt and pepper thing on the sides of my head too. Totally distinguished!
and there's something else.
but seriously when i say broke i mean exploded And when i say exploded i mean plastic shrapnel....
I dont think there will be a better comedy this year then Avengers and Cabin in the Woods. Joss Whedon: master of the call waiting gag.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Dances With Titties (Dances With Wolves)
Missing like crazy. The anticipation is driving me nuts!
Congrats on registering for the GMAT! Which MBA programs are you considering?
Just discovered this fantastic music site www.inbflat.net (via ) Very cool idea!
#AskRicardo how annoying our ur stupid finals?
Yay new phone!!
Don't let the pressure stop you from rising... ~
and then they think you're trying to flirt like tf? lol
I don't know why, but I can watch The Social Network over and over
you a shizzle no i mean a shiest bitches scared of my dick they called it the poltergeist
I do what I want too, I play by my own rules, let's just dance the night away!
We're glad they quieted down for the concert! RT : Got ... great views of the Blue Angels as I drove to concert
Tweets from the streets
that shits broken kick and see if it works
People from all over are arriving for our 2nd annual Swimming With Autism Conference then Symposium!
Forgive past transgressions and become something wonderful, hold grudges and become something detestable.
it will be! I wish I was going too
you played a hell of a game. We'll get them on sunday
": Fuck it! I'm bout to go to ATL or CHI."<=RICH NIGGA SHIT!!!
Without her ~ Nothing exists ~
yes. rip it off and get some big-ass band-aids.
hey, fantastic news!
Softball: Canby blanks Lake Oswego, 8-0, to move into tie for first place with Clackamas at 4-1 in league. Both teams meet Friday in Canby.
7 page paper in record time. Ugh. Ready for a good run and doing something FUN tonight!
I agree RE the boring drama. That's one of many reasons I'm not on reality tv.
You have no idea how much better my toes feel now
wrong. Total COIT is a complicated formula. $18mil Carmel $12 Noblesville Fishers $6. Not based on prop value
Oh, hi 2012. I'm going to kick your ass.
Let us know how the Mondrian clutch turns out! RT I am so making this.
I hate that shit.
as sure as the sun will rise so too will the badgers come away with a victory tonight
#aboutme i play the sims
Damn, it's #FollowFriday again already. What the hell do I do all week?
"Herman Cain Admits He Quoted Pokemon"
Wait, is it too late to vote for Gargamel in this thing?
Arm will NOT stop hurting. Does the #universe never want me to learn to ski?
For the next six months I'm Michael Fassbender in Shame
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 27
Last AP exam! #finishingstrong 👍
What do u think? If they lose do you trade Wade? No sense in having 2 of the same player to me. Need a bench stat!!!
I'm with Fine Vines. How have you been?
Hi Diane, I'd like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how your clients are perceived. DM?
And saying if NFL counts, sucks for Scott Thomas that he decided to go and serve his country instead? That doesn't seem fair.
I taught Flower everything he knows
+1 : RT Would be cool if some #PinCamp -ers could join Wed's #wjchat about going from digital to IRL engagement
Thank you! Cheers to a great contest!
Charles Barkley talking sh*t to Mitt Romney on air. Lol's & Roflcopter's abound.
Im not really appreciating art at the moment.
I meant apply the good wishes. Excuse the late night incoherence. :)
Janis Joplin, Jon Hamm and - celeb trio in 4th quarter Mercedes commercial
Story of the single girls life
Good luck for what?
These nigga be on bull shit and play 2 many game!
At Tonjas Cupofjava we keep it Local! Anodyne Coffee Roasting Company, Wild Flour Bakery, Soup and Sandwich, Tea are from Rishi Tea Company!
Sittin her plotin how ima get my boy out of jail
Rolling up blunts for whenever...
are tour tough enough for it?
hahaha.. zayn its mine so shut up:)
Sometimes you have to let life turn you upside down so you can learn how to live right side u
RT : it was great seeing you #G2B12 <--- You too, Helen! You made me laugh - a lot! LOVE!
Do anybody not have kids anymore? laaaawwwwdddd!
Lol im here RT : yeah cuz I need yu to make it to skool n tell mama sge need to watch da road
agreed. Learned the hard way.
We certainly are! -- RT : It's Friday where we are. Are you ready for the weekend?
it's exciting (and a little scary) to see this kind of shift.
hi jeff i love the show & really would love to know more about your friend joe that looks like criss angel & how to contact him
Ugh, didn't want to spend Mother's day on a house fire.
I got 4 different text messages about the Golden Gate Bridge closing. Apparently it's not.
How has the #SAG #AFTRA merge effected you?
Uber excited to see in concert at #WolfTrap in late June.
One more vote to go, not that it will be much different.
finally Friday. Yes!
": 2012 is a scary year"
Matthew Pengilly has a gorgeous smile
guy sitting next to me at the poker table ordered 3 double cheeseburgers, fries & diet coke. i said good thing you got diet & he asked why?
Listening to the backstreet boys cos
very exciting that students are now enrolled in ENGL197r Online Research Lab class. Hope all goes well when class starts on Monday!
High 5! RT : :D sounds good!
Them tacos were good >.<
what are you doing girl??
School is probably worse than eating a turd.
Looking for a #Records #Specialist for a long-term temporary assignment in #Pittsburgh. Our client is looking to hire immediately so contac…
twitter has a better chance of increasing my knowledge than this class right now
Every time i dont take notes that shit ends up on the test
!belated happy so .vacation on was i because it missed i but day #grammar national was yesterday
on right now hooking you up with a 4 pack of tickets to the tonight!!!
we bowling tonight
He's good looking(:
omg. umm next time. no heels to parties! haha.
“Chicago DJ Network” is playing my music. www.chicagodjnetwork.com
well at least you think you do
they're absolute idiots!
Mom. West coast.
everyone should watch "betty white's off their rockers" #HILARIOUS!
Off the Oscars to-watch list: "We Need to Talk About Kevin." Wow. Don't read anything about this movie, just go watch it!
mite go holla at my guys n da trees wat yall got up
May you be abundantly blessed in 2012 & beyond, may you achieve all of your goals & may 2012 be the best year of your until replaced by 2013
Back at work after taking the week off to take care of wife post-surgery. She's doing a lot better and wants me to get back to work! :-)
My dear #nonprofits has a $10million fund to support #charities that develop new #business models. Innovate now!
I want some Cajun food today.
Totaly agree pal. Was cut by the #Chargers prior to signing with the #Cowboys. There is a tremendous amount of risk involved.
Why do niggaz standing on the busstop try to give you that Please give me a ride stare! Muhfugga I don't know you lol!
GUN SHOW!! MAY 1ST & 2ND AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING ON THE NEW MEXICO STATE FAIRGROUNDS. N EW MEXICO GUNS WILL BE THERE.
If you're talking behind my back, you're in a good position to kiss my ass!
Headed east? Follow or for up-to-date info on all the fun things to do.
Please, someone shoot up Berman instead of Ben's ankle. He is hooorrrriiibbbllle! #mnf. Just shut up already!
OMG I LOVE THAT SHOW!!!!
Boy- "What time is it?" Mom-::Looks @ her watch:: Boy- "You don't have 2 tell me if U buy me a Star Wars watch." SO SLICK!!!
Sounds even better the second time oh my god<3
Not really up for the b.s anymore I'm so fed up .
oh it was - trust me!
ok shit, I'll change my icon
Thanks to a certain someone, I have now updated folks I follow.
Painting, drywall repairs, mouldings and much more. Call Mr.D's for all your home renovation needs. 619-562-5848 or www.mrdspainting.com
man that was not funny
Later Twitter :D
I'm at a payphone trying to call home, all of my change I spent on you..
#Apple has Lost A visionary Today
We now have openings for Brunch!! Come on in!
Just now wondering....why the heck don't I get International Women's Day off? Or at least a discount at the liquor store or something.
Welcome from a SoCal to Cleveland transplant brother...Go Dodgers!!!
Just landed at the Social Summit. Venues got a good vibe, and the weather couldn't be more right! (#bsocial12 ...
Looking for interesting panels during #EC? Come to our Race in the 'Verse panel on Sat, 5-6p w/ Michelle Hu, & !
Adams: To find veterans I usually go through the local VBA or VFW. Different groups to get older, younger veterans
Craziest Friday Night ever
ahh no wonder I couldn't find anything haha. O loving the title, The Killers. Film noir a la The Big Sleep?
lol I tired of all these threats...lol
Beautiful day in #indy today!
I would love to see Greinke win this game
And Tina's work here is done. <drops mic and exits stage> #Brilliant!
"Making only one thing keeps you incredibly focused, so if you are a perfectionist (as I am), you are bound to come up with a great product"
Not only do I hate Gargamel but I really hate Mondays!!!
Bart, a woman is like a beer. They look good, they smell good, and you'd step over your own mother just to get one! -Homer Simpson
Watchin' da last episode BLUE MOUNTAIN STATE, though sucks that it's cancelled, least it had one hell of ending. Fit enough 2 please us fans
is Phillip in the final 2?!?!!! :D
You guys have no idea how much we appreciate you. Thank you so much for the support over the past years! Will you marry us?
I'm a mess, that's the best way to describe it
just bought b.o.b's new album!!! its awsume!!!
I'm still wating on that Special someone <3
On the same night Jered Weaver tosses a no-hitter, brother Jeff Weaver answers with a no-employer.
Tweet this.
Good morning Sara. Welcome to Milwaukee!
I have been your fan seen a long time could you please follow me I hope saw the picture I tweet you.
happy birthday ash <33
Key Committee is still a very young band. Any suggestions as to how we can be a better band or who to talk to to get the word out? Thanks!
: random pers. follows me b/c of LWB. She said she was looking for librarians. I hope she isn't disappointed to find a student!
After my morning java, it's time for the Saturday run around. Why can't weekends be relaxing? Can't wait for the teen to start driving. :)
Hah, not a problem. Glad we could help. :)
#PeopleIWouldRawDawg if there were no consequences......
Victory Grill 8pm show 3/16/12 featuring & more hosted by & sponsored by &
Please stop referring to Plumlee brothers as MP1 MP2 and MP3 it's annoying and not funny ESPN #dooksucks!!
Last time I hit up This RW we've got & on the agenda!
incredibly happy you guys got most of your gear back. the lolla set in the rain is an all time favorite, see you in october
I take risks on a daily basis ! And honestly, I love it! Life is going great!
So much flavor packed into locally grown food that just a little olive oil and sprinkle of sea salt is all you need :)
about to perform on ABC!
Since ive been lovin you im about to lose my worried mind
I think it has the same vampire but looks like they redid it how they did the Brady Bunch movie or somethin
Id rather talk on here lol and sure! I can do that :) when does it have to be in by?
“: #MentionTo someone who knows how to make you feel better.” YOU ALWAYS DO!
See uus Live February 11th at the Red Line Tap In Chicago Illinois !!!
ha yea i bet
Boo. It's already taken. I'll have to think up a clever variation.
When will the dissertations page at the EGS website be updated? The latest are from 2008.
If you're catching, I'm pitching (insider)
Just now laying down. -_-
thank YOU for the followback!
Just curious if you like psychological thrillers, The Shining and the like. I like them.
RT“: Filed to ESPN: Matt Flynn has agreed to terms witj Seattle on a 3-yr contract worth up to $26M w/$10M guaranteed.”
haha more than ever! We're gonna play a version of sweet home alabama just for you haha
Thanks for the retweets :)
#notagoodidea. I did it twice.
Ooh, Heard of it before but never checked it out. Just signed up, thanks!
(LIVE) "If you post a problem, you're expressing vulnerability. I need help." Great example re: WOWC gaming space
Follow Sadly, the face that launched above a thousand follows just doesn't have the same ring to it...
"Quit undressing us virtually"
True Dat(: thts an ugly word
being lazy is good for the soul
LOL. Sounds like a #1 seller to me. Glad I could be of assistance to you. ;)
Happy New Year rockstars! Make it count!
On wednesdays we wear pink.
you know anyone who needs this? RT : WORD OF ADVICE: Unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything.
Thanks for the thoughts. She hasn't done much with pastels...will challenge her with that!
READY TO GET CRUNKADUNK AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!! ON MY WAY!!!!
You might think that you aren't being told anything but we think you'll be surprised if you only stop and listen
duh!!! Attractive like always <3 (;
np, be well..when 's your new album coming out btw?? looking forward to it.. ;)
I want a milk shake.
RT : RT : BE SURE TO BE AT FOUNTAIN SQUARE EVERY SAT THIS SUMMER DUE TO ! WOW!
Don't act like you didn't see this coming.(: Hahah.
thinking about become #justiceteaching volunteer, would love to hear if u r doing it already and how it's going
Hey guys! Who's getting their Italian on at #Subway for lunch? I am! Also, we've got #trivia this afternoon. Hollaaa! Watch for it.
is my diamond doll (:
"We're not just doing it- we are doing it."- Us. #notastagedirection #behindthescenesoneill You heard it here first, ladies and gents.
That was the most amazing email card I've received all year. Hope your holidays will be merry & not too sticky!
maybe Food not Bombs donated the sandwich to her! #freecharlie!
- I think an edcampGR would be awesome. I might even make the trip out west for it. :-)
soon my friend soon
Pistorius getting some attention on the mothership's website.
I'M PASSING ALGEBRA YOU GUYS I'M SO HAPPY
Tobacco or Found Footage Festival ?
"I'm doing leg lifts!!!!"
What? 44 degrees out here? Why did I not see that one coming?
For more info about Panther Shadow Day view Swansons facebook page or call 412-383-HIRE (4473). This is a great opportunity for networking!
He has the benefit of having been up before though.
We may not have the most followers or likes on facebook, but we have enough to make me happy and people that truly support/enjoy us!
DO YOU THINK THE TOMB RAIDER GAME CHARACTER IS HOT ?!?!
Had a dream I was dressed in a gold and feathered costume and head dress. I sat upon the steps of a crack bar, while drinking a brew.
Happy Birthday to Billie Holiday, the female jazz singer worked with Basie & Ellington. Died, 17th July 1959 from liver failure, aged 44.
#BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl tell her that her vagina is looser than your last girl's, but she's prettier than that bitch. So that's good.
Hooker's a complicated man: officers hated him, his men loved him. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan #CivilWar $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
dessert sushi in Nashville tonight??
Ahh yeahh! RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at RIO... & at KLUSOZ... at PEPPER.
Thanks for the follow!! Have a great night!!
once gave birth to a 42 oz tbone steak. The afterbirth was sauteed mushrooms
$1.99 for all #domain names .. offers for all services .. #webhosting , #email and
my tax guru just advised me to record expenses towards the prize. Hadn't thought of that.
it is too crazy expensive but I am already here and Noah got accepted to do an MFA in game design at NYU!
I wanna take my daughter to see Disney On Ice.
I know how u feel! I can't sleep at night either for some reason! I'm about to go to bed too! Goodnight!
I need a AT&T ANDROID. ...WHO GOT ONE ?
never been ever!
(While filling a stapler): "This is dangerous."
everytime I see the "MOTHER" promo code, I can't help but think of Arrested Development...
#TeamHeat is LIFE. lol RT : The passion or love y'all have for these teams are crazy !!
Idk what to get my dad for his bday! :|
This that lay back n watch movies weather rite here
Whoa I wish I was as cool as you!
News Tiger Woods hit the ball great Friday en route to a bogey-free 67, but the putts still aren't falling DORAL, Fla. &mdas
Is it in the android market also?
It looks like Funyuns have lots of enthusiastic partisans! Funyuns defeat Munchos! Funyuns: the Ron Paul of snacks.
Java Posse Roundup. Little Java conference I went to a few weeks back.
Life is like a taxi. The meter just keeps a-ticking whether you are getting somewhere or just standing still. ~ Lou Erickson
damn. We got Bieber Fever alright. We stay talking about him. Lol its kinda sad, but hes worth it :D
“: Can't wait to find out where the Tops are going! #MarchMadness” Greensboro?
Haha well I'm glad it didn't hurt you at least. It sounds terrifying!
alright I'll text you when I get home
not to mention all that highly erotic star trek fan faction you subscribe to.
All safeguards have to be taken to safeguard your self
yer i watched you on da deal hit me up i got crazy beats and rap www.myspace.com/mebruklin ....old shit hit me up for new shit!
Heavy metal drummer
Tune in tomorrow morning for #FengShui Friday on at 9:40am! discusses #fengshui for the #garden!
Confession call-ins seemed like a great idea, especially the dirty ones, til we recognized our mother's voices
haha. yes i was serious. you never know what the network will provide :)
but the Rangers, Reds, and Rockies are where they should be too
#Colts veterans needing ideas for hazing Andrew #Luck: Have him wear a dress for a week and play on loop Sinatra's "Luck be a lady tonight".
You didn't do anything. It's a machine, i.e., about as intelligent as a head of cabbage. No, wait, probably less so.
been in Washington for three days i'm back now
Men congrats happy birthday !!!
Its like that, Bulls out, Lakers Next--->Overhyped
All SU graduated today. Packed Julia up and are now at a Mothers Day brunch. Happy day but hard to believe we are here.
hey Alec - dev of CC here! CC is different; it's for building & sharing lessons/resources. edmdo & schlgy are LMS systems
": If Rangers lose, Josh Hamilton plans to reverse rotation of earth and play game again.". Some days he probably could...
Let's not forget that the Packers are Super Bowl Champions.
Sit yo fat ass down some where dang.
hoped you guys liked my letter :)
man check ur inbox lame
I love how ppl have super personal convos in public places for hrs...like on the amtrak. I'm getting some life coaching!
Yeh, these are my spanking guns and I ain't afraid to use them bitches!!!
Loved your motivating presentation today!
i love my best friend just after all the stuff I here about her dad, I don't wans be around him when he is in one of , his moods.
Oh no no please don't touch me lol
:'-C my face when klaus 'died'
At Christ Church Neighborhood House enjoying dance works choreographed by Silvana Cardell.
Watching American Idol with Viggle Thu | 8PM | FOX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Dear Ex Lover, I remember your smile, the way disappointment looked after check out time....
FTD originally stood for Florist Telegraph Delivery.
Go Noles!! Let's get the sweep!!
When people think they're right about EVERYTHING <<<<< Um , get out!
#Music is a must:-) ! Where would we be without it! LISTen!
Thank you! RT : have you met yet? You both need to talk!
slowing down in some ways dealing with PTSD so the psyche needs some time and the body is learning new normal
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Chicago Thursday night at LaSalle Power Co.!
please for my 2 lovely daughters pick me :-)
my dog ran away and I can't find him! 💔 🐶
Is it wrong u forget girls n when they hit u up u be like who dis again I need stop dat I know they be mad I feel bad bout it
We would love to come to Canada some day soon!
To the ppl who are hating on #marriageequality, I think your religion wants you to practice LOVE not hate.
Let's do it again at the Hudson River Café tonight. Call (917) 567-3803 for comps.
I'm with Michael Jackson singing 'You Can't Win!!!' “: What was your favorite character in #TheWiz?”
I'm at Cathedral Square and then have a 2:00...can we touch base at 3:30?
#Celtics winning G2 without #RajonRondo was key to series, according to Doc Rivers
I am on G + Stan -since the first week or so. Cool stuff there - more prof paced than FB - time will tell - give it a shot!
Now that college football is banned, maybe you all will pay attention to early college basketball.
i've been considering giving most of my estate to Oxfam but i am now leaning toward finding a less elitist charity.any sugestions
sorry to break it to you but I am all out!
Should I tweet a picture when it arrives?
two questions: is gigi blowing flower petals? and are we the only peeps who can see these tweets?
"I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite."
Sitting on the beach its gorgeous here!!
Right or wrong, we will pay more for car loans, mortgages, tuition aid because of the downgrade.
Car wash ✔ Car detail ✔ Grocery shopping ✔ Afternoon run ✔ Now what?...
Presented my mentalism lecture tonight at 7pm for the Magic in the Rockies Convention. Well attended. Wonderful group.
Stephen A. Smith should not have been there ganging up on u. It's between u and Skip.
Watching jersey shore!
USA! USA! Congrats US Women on making it to the World Cup Finals!
COS tweeps: will be lecturing at the Pioneer's Museum this Sat., 2-3 p.m., on the Rockefeller Plan at CF&I, 1914-1942.
I guess. I really just dont want to be wined and dined before getting a procto exam.
Recently visited by a celebrity or an important figure? Show it to the world - visitors love to check out places famous people visit.
L#KfMadness: Let the games begin!
Today, packing the office; applying for a job; blogging; sending some emails. That's it! Nothing more!
Yeah, it's scary because I'm not 100% on what I want to do yet really. ;/
you go to dq?
No more cracked screen! :D
follow back?
Upset alert - Auburn leads Kentucky by 2, 11 min to play
get in line!
I definitely like Weeden as a QB, he's third on my list, but I don't know if Browns will go for him.
MYC Education commitee members are attending the public hearing on the budget.
you tell that fucking judgmental asshole lol she is the reason gay marriage is still illegal
hey what are u doing?
Who how and why JLo?..Where is her Fiat?
Couple cute bitches and some bad ones to go.
You earned it, tough guy.
I saw you will be attending the Edelman Aca Summit. Looking forward to meeting you!
No kidding!
lol YES!!! I can
Oh, wow this is awesome!!!!! Should I send the lyrics to the same email? Can you leave your cell in the DM? Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!
When something's hard to say you know it need to be said... Let's just say this is hard to say!!
Greener is always good
did I say coke nadda.... did I say tab
Married someone who comes home early to watch champions league but falls asleep during Celtics OT. Problematic?
#HipHopAwards Meek Mill
I just saw the Rockfest KC lineup, is this an actual reflection of popular "rock" music, or does KC have worse taste than I thought?
New modules has been published on GIS Extensions Market.
Hope to see you back! RT Got to check out last night. The Airline Chicken with smoked corn gravy and fried...
that was a low blow
Could you please restock the Down But Not Out Hoodie's because my wardrobe is not complete without one! :)
Without even clicking on the pic, I'm going to say yes. Coleman always shines on VHS.
RT It's So hard for me to sleep without a fan
I will DM Justin and ask him to follow you:)
Sustain the vision and assignment you have been given....
The first gay president, Newsweek?! Ugh
wtf...If I find you a good ticket would you hop on it ??? Cause we all gotta be there for Indy 500!
Breakfast burrito day at work 😍
If you are struggling with something in your life, email your questions to . Get your answers from a therapist.
Man these bitches
The best person= :)
Ben: "My heart is captivated and captured." If that's the kind of dialogue 4 tonight I'm going to need a lot more wine.
Kick off a happy wkend w/ happy hour! User our filters 2 find HH's with food specials, free wifi, outdoor seating, and more! www.gotime.com
oh we ain't 4get bout all u dinero dynasty fans n followers its finna go down drecam!
and Alex who don't have a twitter ....just hopped on these white kids
But there's no room in the trailer for ad-libs about chili dogs.
We have a crossbreeze here....thank goodness...
No wonder APG doesn't have a New Media specialty on that long list of theirs!
yeah for like 5 minutes
lol those were sum gd times
Thank you for the follow! Have a wonderful Saturday :D
<---- Can't handle a long-distance relationship... that's why the fridge is in his room!
Work that out....
studio day!
Guess its better to feel shame than to feel sad bc you cant afford your house or your medical bills or to send your kids to good schools.
recovering from a nasty fall this morning. ouch! everything hurts.
I heard you're talking shit again, I'm gonna sleep with all your friends.
LOL, YES, PLEASE. TELL US THE INFO<3
It makes me happy to read the "pitchers and catchers report to spring training" tweets today. I can't wait for Opening Day!
think your blog is great!
you are preaching now, good word.
if she doesn't learn one that bitch is gonna get cancelled.
"Sparrow? More like Spar-slow" -
Pizza and a sundae tonight from 11 to 12am. Every Friday and Saturday night!
As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this .. is no democracy.
In the kitchen working on the Valentine's Day menu. I'm thinking Chocolate Fondue and Strawberries & Cream for new body wash. Suggestions?
Only 1O% of men go to HEAVEN, cause if they all went then it would be hell!
RT : Is changing the air filter the biggest ripoff when you take your car in to get the oil changed? Happens EVERY TIME! LOL
Can't wait till I finally get my hair done ugh it's been too long.
$Discount$ K2 Rant Pro Audio Helmet 2012 | K2 Snowboard Helmets
#Stocks end higher on hopes that the Fed will provide more stimulus. #Dow adds 114 points. #Nasdaq and S&P gain 0.7%
Agreed! RT : NEUROSIS "Souls At Zero" is one of the greatest albums of all time.
; ) Welcome Yall Look Alike
that would be sadie. haha cause were having a bday party for her that night! better see you guys there!!
Hi! What's Up? What r u doing?
WOW!! That looks amazing Mr. Lee!! Did you start the initial sketch with pencil? If so what kind did you use?
Thanks SO MUCH. recving many such notices. trying damage control. This is so annoying but not surprising. have a great day.
That's how we roll.
Best Hitchens obit ive read currently being tweeted by
Yep. RT : ESPN, ESPNEWS and ESPN2 should never all be showing the same thing at the same time
don't worry man. UT will pull this off
The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking.
U can find a friend in me know dat
This Saturday, we're back at the Greenroom in Covington with Waiting for Brantley. Show starts at 10.
You should really watch the gay history channel..you know bravo.
Lol! Me too!
you didn't know that?
I'm done with the games. Gunna off from here,, gnite tweeps! :) -khara
I haven't read this yet, but there is something that strikes me deep and memorably in Artaud. Like my Hedonistic asceticism.
not yet! Haha! Looks like a game-time decision.
I always swore to you I'd never fall apart. You always thought that I was stronger, I may have failed but I have loved you from the start.
So the bet has been made. I will have a full grown beard by the end of round one. Who agrees?
It is gorgeous out there!
Quit your shit.
The Sam Riggs Band has opened for many great Texas legends including Pat Green! SamRiggsBand.com
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one.
Ballgame over
: "I feel like if Drake wouldn't have came out with The Motto, I wouldn't have done a lot of things in the past few months."
Something about Metallica is excellent for coding concentration...
more power to them guys going to get paid.. but this is why college hoops has lost its luster...
yes, I'm at work
agreed but ive got a good feeling about the next three years
CHRIS! When are you coming back to America to tour with your lads?! ...wait, did I really just say "lads"...
Reason 3: I'm committed to Alpha! My 19 yrs of active service, sharing of it with my oldest son Roderick Jr, etc are proof.
Can I watch with you hmm
My son is in a good Mood today
'Cause I'm half way gone and I'm on my way. And I'm feeling, feeling, feeling this way. Cause I'm half way in, but don't take too long.' <3
Thanks for the great season, looking forward to seeing you play next year!
Im in your hood hommies
Former NYU employee wins racial harassment lawsuit and is awarded $210,000. Now he can afford one year's tuition at NYU.
Yeah That Might Be True But Dont Ever Change For NOBODY :) .
I don't want to be your whole world.. Just your favorite part in it.
How are you today?
“: Good Morning ” goodmornin boo
Week-1 (April 7th) of the 8 Weeks to a Better You program was a big success! Dr. Casbon discussed sabotage & over-eating issues. Great job!
awww! it was litterally the BEST show-night of my life.
#sdmayornp DeMaio going to nonprofits for help. Use channel 24 when council is not in session.
Hi there!
Revolution can not only clean all types of rugs and carpeting, we also clean and service upholstery, air ducts, tile and more.
he's perfect. literally perfect.
Will I get my nerd card revoked if I admit to not really caring about The Avengers?
RT Make the most of the best and the least of the worst.- Robert Louis Stevenson.
hahaha! no groupies for dj nasty... lol at home chillin. and u?
Just pushed at car.
Hey there Girl, JUST WANTED TO SAY YOUR SUPER FABULOUS!=)
Start loving and stop hating. ♥
cute I made rose water cupcakes the other day with butter cream frosting and pearl sprinkles they were delish :)
Americas Food show Miami Beach: tonight cocktail party for Brazilians and US and other buyers on Miami beach, 7-9 p.m. for details
There's a good chance I will be moving out of my parent's house. Finally. After 19 years of bondage, freedom!
I have no fear in my heart for things that I hate.
Thanks for all the birthday wishes lol keep em comin
wuzzup mike. all well?
I won't be going to school tomorrow, but I'll call you sometime tonight for a quicky update. :3
I did start today! It's the one for May on BodyRock. I'm starting over on beginner stuff. Blerg.
I don't want you to go.. but I know you have to.. so I gotta learn to let go..
good one! Lol
Interested in supporting #Autism without having to write a check. Then check out the great suggestions from . All of these...
Soo much for being optimistic
See! You get it!
Thanks , there's nothing we love more than sharing our love of garbage.
Sometimes I hate the radio... Right now isn't one of those times.
that's cool he got alot of followers now! WhY's cal like?
ok bye
We've got a huge announcement headed your way in just about 10 minutes. Stay tuned!
bet that goalie feels kinda dumb now.
Who has a press list we can borrow to send out a GAPF press release?
Always enjoy those Baron Davis flashbacks. At one point the guy was a beast.
Another good run. Working my way up to 5 miles this weekend! I just finished a 2.50 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I hate twitter thugs like GTFO !!!
That what I'm fucking talking about!!!
Spring cleaning against my will
RT DJ tonight No Cover. Drink specials & [spin] tracks 10-2. You have no good excuse not 2 be there
All I had seen was the Star Wars side. i feel a little foolish for missing it. I read Serenity first. Couldn't resist. :)
Good stuff!
Setting up new webpage and had 4 phat shows this weekend. 2 nightclubs and 2 private events
lolz secert vaction to San Antonio, Texas wit me (:
Tons of aggressive Chicagoans out jogging bright & early this AM but, you sir, why are you also juggling?? So weird.
Sat 2/25 Mark Towns Essence (Solo #Flamenco #Jazz #Guitar) at Cork Soakers #Wine Bar 7-10pm
facing new realities everyday, not being able to depend on anything is tough way to live
count sheep...lol
I swear if I fart one more time my underpants are going to melt...
I will be pondering it all, Amy. I think it might be a story in poems. I'm taking lots of notes as well as photos.
I'll be looking around for the hottie in the jock strap.
HES NOT ALLOWED INTO THE FAB 4. THAT'D MAKE IT THE FAB 5 AND THATS SO NOT FETCH
totally welcome
Thanx for playing "Dont leave" on Sunday! Can't wait to get in the studio next Wednesday!
": & good seeing everyone tonight." Good to see you too ...
#ItGetsMeMadWhen I see Meijer cashiers bag bird seed with our groceries.
connect with Nathan Ashton, our producer at
Happy Monday! "Attitude of Excellence" your corporate culture draws or deters success. Stay in the game :-)
Thank you for your posts this week! Youve been awesome!
For you, we'll play it twice
Studio TIME!!! New Freestyle mixtapes coming shortly!!!
Good Night World
Congrats to : You are our random winner for Winefest 2012 on 3/31! Please email us at to claim your prize!
Stay tuned for a Facebook challenge later today...
Man Much Luv! That's Wats Up
my friend bday's May 15th she's biggest fan. Plz rt this and help me get him 2 tweet her.
I have been a coder for about 13 years now. In my opinion time well spent. but I think I am really going to get into video editing!
I keep leaning toward Philly. I think they may have enough toughness and athleticism to pull it off.
I see I've reached 300 followers now. :)
Thanks for the mention!
Edward Munch's The Scream sold for $120 mil at Sotheby's. It will now go on display in the dorm of the world's richest college freshman.
RAY PLease follow back :o)
Thanks for the shoutouts! Our fans are the BEST! :)
Thanks for helping spread the word!
Really, Hickey? Dick in a Box? You're going to hell. Also, I love you....
Need HOT NEW Leads every single day, use *EBAY*!
i'm so akhalkdjfahdhfakjshdfajk SO EXCITED!
Here's to hoping tonight makes up for a not so great day.
Now you like Austin Mahone lol sorry didn't make since
Looking for the perfect place to grab a bite before your night on the town? Check out B for one of our delicious burgers!
People talk living within means but if you spend your $ on the right things, you wouldn't have to live so tight.
I been saving this $$ to be prepared for sum bullshit like this
You beat around the bush, like your scared to lick pussy so you eat around the tush!!!
Are you really going to tanger outlet in long island plzzz answer back so i can tell my dad plzzzzzz
I JUST GOT MY VERY OWN BASS BAHSNEHMSWESDJK FINALLY
We think and EggDrop play nice together. Happy selling
We get it, you did a great f'n job fixing the printer at HQ. No reason why 25 people in 15 markets need to know about it. Chrissakes.
Taco pizza! Yummy scrumptious! :D
RIP to Lyn Lusi of Heal Africa. We had the pleasure of spending time with her family in Goma in September.
Relax mode is on right now
you look a canadian business man wanna be rapper. actually, and its actually called FL Studio.
337K with 22 left. Just faded 12 outs on the river with broadway against 2 pair and a flush draw.
I'm a fan I must say. Speaking as a guy who appreciates women of course
Ironic that Colon is on the #Athletics. His physique appears as if he hasn't done anything athletic in 20 years.
So sleepy I wanna stay up during this movie though,,
We hope we can help. Check out our website. We can pair you with the scholarship that you're most likely to win. It's easy.
way to go bama! gilbert did a good job of giving it a shot.
Yeah ....Mavs getting going
thanks Joe!
waiting to hear back. All his fans need to let him know he needs to be there with us. :) see you there!
3 field goals and not one touchdown on the board! Unreal! I knew this game was going to be good! I love college football! #LSU vs
This Saturday's for kids: Explore an exhibition w/ an educator & learn how to make sailors' valentines! $15. RSVP:
I here from many poloticians that we, the U.S., is the greatest country... Is this a brith right, or even still true?
My baby throwing real combo's picture purfect...idk...i might have the next mike tyson out here he go crazy
THE PEOPLE CLOSET TO YOU WILL F*** UP YOUR LIFE...
shall I bring you some coffee? ;)
Feel cool/popular sitting next to from
Hope everyone had a great 4th! Now, back to the grind.
SJ Line Dancers: WHY DON&#39;T YOU CALL lesley clark
hey #fairtrade & #handmade lovers get a pair of guie flats,perfect for this spring! 8 last pairs of this collection help us get rid of them!
Man its funny what this world has turned out to be!! Wow!! If people would just mind their own business
never had a vodka attack...But I have patented the gin attack!
at least its not telemundo
Thanks for the RT!
You're joking, right?
Eating and walking is a talent most people haven't perfected.
We'll be there friday! RT : The official launch of Bar Basque's Terrace is Thursday with Hampton's & Gotham Magazine.
CANT WAIT FOR TOMORROW ;) YAAYYY!!! :)
who you talking about ?? LMFAO
Everything in life is actually really simple. Make up your mind and put forth an effort and everything will work out.
Eatin good no ribs showing - E-40
My first commit was accepted to #Saltstack by #opensource rocks. It feels good to contribute!
what if you take your name out of it, so you're paying it forward to the others in the tweet, do I still lose karma?
dosent matter whoever :)
#whydopeoplethink that that #Disney thing is a G or a squiggly line or something like that? Ohh yeah... Because it is.
thanks for the include
In one month: RT : 2.1 million US workers voluntarily left their job in Feb 2012. What are you doing to retain talent?
Only 27 more days of school
In the studio, making magic.
Video shoot going great S/O
Thanks for mention. You would have been the ideal student for that class!
do you see this tweet?
thanks for following, always happy to connect with Richmond writers!
Just booked a role for BET Lens on Talent Film! I shoot next week!!!
if you like bald headed bitches go right ahead... RT : ............. RT ChicagoMadeSean: Raven's girlfriend is ugly as fuck
hahah I was like uh what?! I know I had like 2 hrs of sleep last night, I'm ready now. Way to call me out!
Love taking about Wheel of Time, G.R.R.M, and novels with my library patrons!
is officially done with the third antibiotic in two months. Yay. Now please be enough to not let me get sick again in three weeks please! :)
Vinny Chulk's mom is steaming in the stands right now. "rules say everyone get to play coach!"
wrapping presents.
Who's interested in an urban bike race/scavenger hunt through Montrose & midtown on Sat 4/3? DM me...
Played with a guy tonight who's head was in the book all night, and didn't know tunes. Needless to say he didn't listen & wasn't very good.
that awkward moment when you see a taxi and immediately think your in NYC again.
lmao!! Where you been fool
#nevertrustagirl unless she is going to give you $1 #drinks from #bartab! :) Then you should #love her!
Thanks Alli! It was all ! RT : As usual great event #smcsac crew!
hurry up pls
Signal Hill Continues Its Expansion, Hires Boston-Based Internet and Digital Media Team
thanks for the retweet
i like cream tea and i like reading ghost stories
Friday nights are always the same in this town
Been studying for my music exam for hours and now I can't get the song "tonight" from west side story out of my head
He never once called me out. He just kept showing me systems with higher and higher wattage. It was beautiful.
Great! Congrats for you, and that makes me very happy about the #nlproc future of my alma mater!
": Tired of crying i just wanna smile."
I'll send your comments to Many agree with you.
I CAN'T FIND YOU :(
Doing me
NFL Draft in 31 days! >check inbox for info on main hall stand-up opportunity. Hope you guys can make it!
And merry now, to all.
Seriously over this traffic jam.
Interesting experience at traffic school tonight. It's amazing how much you can grow in just a few hours with an open mind and heart.
RT : If you are lifeworthy, you can take it. Joseph Campbell
This big blog post sounds quite intriguing...
I'm going to be there tomorrow night too. Can't wait!
lol not anymore.
Studying for Latin :/
Happy birthday Jack Kerouac
Small Businesses Progress Daily.....Customer service is the focus. No reason to talk in #tech terms..Break it Down
Democracy: as great as people can be, as fallible as people are. ,talking about his father's reaction to internment, at
I went to ZUMBA! It really was exercise like a party! First workout in a while, first group class and I'm ALIVE!!! Lol
Driving around with the windows down singing at the top of our lungs. Did someone say summer?
hmmhm well I am a fan of cold pizza.. I usually reheat ribs
looking forward to seeing Maki Mori tonight. What a wonderful Kickoff to the #overtures series!
Michelle gives up her Swiss citizenship? Now how in the heck will she get her name in the news?
ok so is orton going to prove tonight he deserves to be starter? 1st half I know, but so far he looks awful. Its not preseason kyle
I'm going to give it a guess and say no good?....lol.
for breakfast, lunch, dinner, desert, snack, whatever whenever. #myfavcarbstoday but now we are off to vinyasa to sweat and get high.
Rodman made the night
Sitting here looking at an infinitive that I absolutely must split.But Econ style book, even though we know the rule is bogus, won't let me
I'm sick of reading/hearing about the #NFL draft
Having a last hurrah brunch at cocotte. Oh so good mary and rabbit hash. [drools]
Off that Amsterdam vodka.......this shit is legit
that makes 2 of us..my family is at a resturant & i passed out on the table!
JIOJGROGERJGOERGG I MISS WATCHING THE BOYZ ON ABDC SO MUCH OMG AKLSJOIJGEORIGJERGG
When did Marv Albert and Steve Kerr start calling college bball games?
ou got no bitches no wonder you feelin yourself
Thanks! And if you are interested in #scifi #cyberpunk you will see links of my stories in the coming days!
If you play Eminem's "My Name Is" backwards, it sounds like an incoherent muddled mess. Whats it all mean?
thank u
to bad I can't be there. But I'm working on coming out after the babys born in feb. or march
exfoliating body wash and rubbing alcohol
If you enjoyed the piece, please comment on it via the comments section on the article site! XO
my head is spinning with the possibilities. Trying to get to the bookstore today. Agile is really interesting. Need to learn more.
Have you ever wished there were two of you-that you could be more productive and profitable without being busier? It's possible.
I guess it's a different beast. LA burritos usually have less rice, for one thing. I'm down. Welcome back!
It's the freakin weekend
Sitting in a high backed chair, stroking a fluffy white cat while I ponder the fate of applicants.
"A great teacher can offer an escape from poverty..." "Teachers matter"
Be Enlightened. A 'stinger' in football is a neuropraxia of a cervical nerve root(s) injury. American Journal of Sports Medicine Aug 2006
Bubba was really talking shit to Tasha & her friend just cuz he couldnt get any play...they wasnt havin that..got in his face he was scared
Callux get a life.
Makes sense. But I think it's also age-restricted. I mean, I think that on no solid evidence.
Lol, let's hope somebody will step into our picture, lol
That moment when you notice that you spent more time in the test than you studied for it.
Maybe if I bang my head on the desk hard enough I'll pass out and have to leave school.
The week is almost a wrap! Hope everyone is having a good one! :)
Pepe being an idiot!
"The less I play, the more it sounds like me! I don't even need to play on my own record!?"
Sjoerd Siebinga speaks about the session he chairs: "Explore and Discover" most promising/interesting session for me
Yall dis mad about a app?
Awww.. miss you all so much! Coming back to visit NYC soon! Will keep ya posted
Thanks for posting the pictures Steve!
I can't wait to see you again :D
Firefighter on tv "I would just completely avoid Plymouth"
Similar to UL's BCS resume : If WVU wins out and LSU wins next week, LSU would be 13-0 with five wins against teams 9-3 or better.
Checkout Total Deathcore they keep the extreme scene going!
you hate me huh?
Planning my #aam2012 experience; the theme seems to be community, technology, and diversity. Very, very excited.
Any heat arguments come tweet me I'll shall win this
On my way to talk to this promotor trying to line up a show at the rocket room in the city
Telling people you're tired when you're really upset or sad.
how you said haha. Good response
Pool day followed by an unknown adventure! Loving the summer already!
Think... I'll Go.... Christmas Shopping Today
price you pay for healthy eating
im a fan of him too///:) it isnt obvious in my username.eh?
Follow my Boobs :DD
PRO TIP: Neurotically checking ur email every 2 minutes makes good news arrive faster, making u more successful!
I'm about to check it out.
hm, I don't know that one. I'll have to check for it. :)
Yvonne Openshaw (Mariludil) Thanks for the follow. May the shirt be with you!
The brain is like an iceberg-most of us only use the most obvious tip.
DANIEL IS SO RUDE k bye xD lololol
Downtown baby!
Yup, I'm a member and I'm looking forward to being more involved this year. And hopefully meet everyone sometime.
Thanks so much for the good wishes! You're giving me much-needed confidence for the week ahead.
And then, there's...Game Six today at 12:08 (WPXI) when the Pens and Flyers meet again in Philly.
RT 99% of all leadership occurs not from the top but from the middle of an organization...
i guess should just non-wrinkle herself to the shed.
respect for the anthem is long gone. Very sad.
Yeah I miss that kitty :)
The three great essentials to achieving anything worthwhile are; hard work, stick-to-it-iveness, andcommon sense.--Thomas Edison
you guys rock! See you tomorrow!
And Carroll seems to have gotten in based on two games against Chelsea cause he had a bad season too.
Epoxy Coatings Can Bring Life Back to Your Floors. We're like Dr. Frankenstein... but for floors.
Anybody know what happened at Chic Filet #hvl n #hendersonville? Lots of police.
Caroline Levander from Rice University is talking to us today about "Digital Archives, Digital Americas"
Yes. I've posted mixed reviews on Yelp. Yelp contacts businesses and tells them they can pay to remove negative reviews.
no :) I meant I was going to lock you out if it was storming if you don't give me chicken:)
world geo you will not be reciveing the paper you want from me
Read it. Loved it. Still own every issue including multiple #1s. Often think of unloading them for cash.
What's you're number 1 best advice to writers coming to pitchfest?
I know, it's rough stuff. Thanks for putting up with it.
Obsessed with abc family movies<3
these little ass boys playing football woke me up ..
heh, never bet on any defending champs, they never do well...
When someones insult to you is "you might be smart but that won't get you anywhere in life" ..an theyre completely serious > lmao dumb broad
#civilwar quote of day. Chesnut. 'got my carte de vista .. mine like a washer woman'
“: I'd like to see younger pictures of Holly Rowe. It's hard to see her ever being cute.” she looked like a
Woke up to Starships again on vh1.
Like Mark Twain said, "Never let school get in the way of a good education.". :)
"He himself is the sacrifice that atones for our sins—and not only our sins but the sins of all the world." - 1John 2:2 (NLT)
thats what i hear. i'm happy for you and tyler!!! i'll be coming back on april 21!! yay!!
love this one.
Hahaha to bad I dont work there ...RT : “: I bet you want tht mangosteen” lol I really do!!!
It's 12:36 here in LA. I still haven't went to sleep. I'm going to go to sleep now. Have rehersals and practice tomorrow. Love you xxoo AxL
Ha, I know how that is. You've gotten into a good habit.
Everyone needs to tweet #bieber4potter and help a three year old with cancer meet
I know right? I love it! !
#winning RT : Talk Derby to me.....and I'll have another!
Ready for a day of learning at #nlld with and lots of librarians from all over the US
regardless, there is nothing wrong with letting our sales reps know we appreciate them and they do a great job.
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new page now
Everyone's kicking it in this morning! Personal training, pumping iron, kettle bells, body Rock Bootcamp.-we rock!
Prana is Dead Or Famous. Dead Or Famous is Prana.
you got the wrong number
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay There are five lights
You realize that posting it online is still running it, right?
Everyday is a new beginning, if you need one.
i hope you had a great day too
and are shaking every ass in this place
Holy Mother, it's a gorgeous night tonight.
If the Matrix taught me anything, its that guns can solve all problems, even a bad internet connection.
What do your random bursts of creativity lead to.?
This game proved Chris Bosh is a huge part of our offense
Ghouls= Gross Hermits Out Unearthing Leftover Spareparts
figure he felt he couldn't let Toots play because he needed scorers on ice. second guessing I would have played toots 12ish mi
Haha, I misread the hashtag for a hot second. ;)
yep, that's me.
I'm Back!
very excited for you two! Are you going on a honeymoon immediately after the wedding?
#3 if u could only met one boy who would it be?
Can anyone suggest some good reading on PTSD? I'm looking to sharpen my knowledge for our
Thanks Scott! Ill put it on my calendar!
sounds great. I will drop you an email right now.
I think I'm having a heart attack.
give me head , till i'm dead !😲
We think a team from Kentucky will win this first #finalfour game. Call us a genius. Call us Dionne Warwick. Call us awesome.
Hey if you tweeps if you get a chance youtube a video called "what should i do" it is a spoof about Brett Favre
Absolutly not! I'm glad we've connected!
I randomly sit and play with my titties.. idk why ?? 0_o
Idfk how their parents do it. Thats probably why their always at my damn house lol
really? :( : R.I.P to 16 year old who died in a car crash last night after prom on her way to an after party
Thank you Cathy, Cesare and staff on a wonderful meal/service. Wish you all the best for years to come!
I'll save it for ya
Thanks! What did you have?
Drove to FIU for nothing.. oh well.
Good morning #Uppers Sorry, I'm late.
We shall never forget. We shall keep this day, we shall keep the events and the tears in our minds, our memory and our hearts and take the..
Resist! Doughnuts, cake, and cookies are/were my faves. I believe Conspire coffee shop (in PHX) has #vegan doughnuts
oh nothing. just gettin my tweet on.
Religious May-hem « The Lady Expounds
Rubio was showcased more nationally. I heard his name more on ESPN/TNT
Great to have you listening! Thank you for your support!
Baaaaah to u
Come-on Pacers, we got this game. Come out swinging and knock these Walt Disney World Warriors back into the swamp they came out of.
I know it's a culture that is old and steeped in history, and that shone out tonight.
Very true. Was thinking about Mark Prior earlier. Great rookie season...but they're just never the same after a labrum tear.
hey miranda you can follow me please !!!
What a day, what a day. Ups. Downs Summer 12. Is here. Let's get it.
aww you're no fun :)
Thanks! I'm happy to answer any Q's you may have. Even discuss getting the City of Columbus set up w/ Daily Challenge (free).
I know!! Any time I notice someone unfollowed me. I look at Ricky. Wellington..Troy and Dave Days first. Lol.
There are people in this world who will purposely try to prey on your weakness. Don't engage in their games. Let them out-talk themselves.
"How can you not be romantic about baseball?" Moneyball was a good movie! Now, goodnight moon
can someone tell me what RT means?
need help. can someone please recommend a good online project management tool? thnx!
Yeah JJ. Let's do this !! Bring the bats:)
lol we can't win. Apparently I look like everybody with Dreads.
he loves you calm down
Without faith a man can do nothing; with it all things are possible.
: How much of the key code to I need to verify for a beetle manufactured 3/1970? Would K040 be enough info to order a key?
Today, we are thankful for our country's brave veterans. Thank you for your service!
Family dinner
the BBTF Xmas tree arrives today! We can't wait to decorate it :)
hey sexy! I'm fine. Just acting. Whats new?
I went to State when Jeff Malone battled Phi Slama Jamma
Loving you is like Food to my soul.
and are worse than girls.
is super nice!! It would be cute if her and austin dated, but sadly they dont.. Yet;). Your so pretty and nice!! Follow me?!:))
Bare Bowls will be at the Menil Bookstore parking lot tomorrow( noon-2PM) for lunch introducing their new Byzantine bowl till they run out.
RT : Real riches are creativity, passion, friendship and communication; artists are the richest people around.
Love it! So glad we never faced any real interference from the AU admin back in the day.
that's awesome! Thanks for sharing.... Now get back to exercising! ;-) lol
actually the vast majority voted for Hamas. Many also danced in the streets on 9-11. I believe that they are brainwashed & ill
I wanna see bin laden's notarized death certificate
don't have enough characters, even with Twitlonger, to tell u how messed up that is! 2 yrs I've tried to get u there!
Thank you Lord for another year alive and free with my family what more can I ask for
Content is King.
if I was out there I would maybe be your friend
You were too good to be true :L sigh
Gotta get some rest - I have to sing early in the morning... it's my final song on the album... u can follow my album updates
So Phil says six more weeks of winter. If the weather stays like this, how will we tell the difference when Spring hits?
After playing on your site, we agree that you've got a good team over there. Looks delicious! (the sushi, not the people)
Austin ; DA FUQ IS A PINK DOLPHIN BRO!?
Hope you have a great birthday,
any news on Kevin Smith for the Lions ankle? his status for this weekend?
Any of you out there who can help me with advice and get my son to stop chasing girls and my daughter off party mode..will b apprecaited
It's Wednesday night. What am I going to do? I should probably start with eating dinner...
R.I.P Adam Yauch, fight for the right to party upstairs for us man
Can't wait to have a day to ourselves tomorrow
not good. Not happy.
OPENLY gay staffers.
Register for The Premier Vocal Coaches free vocal seminar Sat Feb 18 register by emailing and get more info
Munoz....of course!
If the cab driver said that about any one else I would be worried. But knowing it was Jim fucking lahey himself doesn't surprise me.
Wonderful news & now you have a friend here to welcome you=)
