Patiently awaiting the mr removed video of this trainwreck of a performance.
#Mobbies peeps: Our friends party nearly as hard as us. If you don't have plans, you have our permission to #bBad tonight.
Childhood Obesity: Will kids in poverty be left behind?
Getting ready to move next week, performing this weekend, and bf's bday is coming up soon. Busy busy busy
Made a new discovery last night... Terry Gibbs is a Jew!
My boys can swim!!!
I see my fated stars in your eyes. They melt me like the sun does snow
“ I'm starving but I'm not even in the mood to do anything I'm so..... Stressed,”
Haven't a clue!
#Pittsburgh #running: Anyone know what happened to the Athlete's Foot in Shadyside?
Working on launching the website this week!
#waypoint i just got mine its pretty cool so far
"CJ Sapong MLS Rookie of the Year"!!! Love hearing it said everytime just like does. #stillsoproud :-)
Guys! Guys! 's Please Stay Calm for iOS is FREE today! You can thank 's FGOTD for this awesomeness
I thought you did AWESOME!!! On Latin night!!!!!
I love you.
hahah don't let her get you...
Clough: Why are we holding this symposium? Important as we seek to chart a new course for this institution.
It's Sunday.
im gonna wear my Abercrombie tee. and possibly that Hollister thing i showed you.
#Top100Lies "you're the only one I want" HAHAHAHAHAHA. Jokes.
Saphla: Real focus shifting to value
Happy Easter ;)
Mom: we just finished eating, let's take the stairs! Aunt: ooh yeah Me: ..but were going down.....???
Awesome! RT : Football Friday at work.. Who's rockin their shirt?
Got paid early this week >>>>>
We're on the right track baby.
Wishing you a very Happy New Year. You are one special guy! See you on the 15th, or sooner.
Wow. I'm watching #UFC on #FOX. I suppose it's only because it's in Chicago tonight.
I love that because I'm a "computer person" other people think I'm also a magician. Well, presto!
I have seen Georgia O'Keeffe paintings in Santa Fe museum really colorful beautiful paintings. I will watch the movie tonight.
woohoo welcome to the world of having a cartilage piercing! Told you it didn't hurt :p see you in a little!
seriously though. #rawpower RT:“: When are they going to make Shark Week its own channel?”
Up early on my shit ! Tay outlaw party finna crack . double take in there ! Photo shoots today all that . Yessiree
We are approaching a record today for #instrumentRentals from across the country. More happy musicians & parents!
i am seeing in youtube the episodes Of Shake It Up ! are the maxiimumm!
D my first #Earthquake, and I can't think of a single decent witty remark.
North Putnam schools to issue statement regarding charges against three of their employees this afternoon. Updates on First @ 4.
is listening to a lot of 80's music today.
Had to educate the bartender on "anejo" vs. "gold".
#AustinR Please.....please let the teacher teach. Please. That's the only time I am ever asking to let my english teacher teach.
shut up.
Ah I like Dr. Phil ^_^
it is all about developing a tutor's self confidence & knowledge base so that in the moment they can do the right thing
Allergy problems Dr. Stern doesn't like - fragrant detergents, animals in the bedroom, Afrin nasal spray for more than 3 days
k actually im over it i guess i just need to wait till i get back in town, buy a new phone, and once again get all my numbers. that is all!
Saw the Orlando Magic beat LEbron's Cavs tonight. Go Florida!
Hey (: I cant direct unless your following me sorry.
How fun! New Zealand sounds amazing!
Sup late nighters? We are playing with hawthorne heights Friday at gallery13! Hope to see you there! :)
The Britney glee episode was soo awesome
and we are off to the lake. Stay tuned for pics from the Corley News Service
Its that slow time of year where I'm not going on auditions and moving to NY is just weeks away. I needs to earn some mulah pronto!
So very true!
Been sick as hell for 3 days, feeling better. Wassup tweeps? I hope all is well in your lives. Thx for following me.
You are welcome. I added you for photography interest
Bamboozle is like warped on acid. I'm in love.
Nowak: Schalke game is a good chance to gain experience
No one to hang with again,. Fuck it, i can sleep :)
hoppin on the Vespa to cruise Chi Town look for me I'm wearing my Like A Virgin Mandonna wig. Ya Heard??
We completely agree! RT : I enjoy practicing Bach above everything else! I smile when I practice.
I'm so hungry I could eat a horse.
Good point--I got a little carried away with the zeros.
Omg!!!! I will never touch a mojito again!!!!ouch !!
I think a panel in which we respond to all questions with songs is where it's at.
Let's start making games for all kinds of people and not assume women only want Cooking Mama & Bejeweled and men only want porn & Scarface.
Productive day continues. Gym time
thanks! I'll get on these this week!
3 more hours at work.
Finally you're on the twitter wagon! Prepare yourself for insane fangirl tweets...especially from me.
Look at your phone now!.
Thanks for spreading the word that #ItGetsBetter!
its a Shoutout
Why is Dell so shitty?
What's the difference between a "theatre" and a "theater?"...
Bye I QUIT
done. I'll be finished exams on the 18th. I'll cook u up a beat then. You have a BPM preference?
you were too busy insulting me
thanks for the love homie. I appreciate that
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 33
Well we've both done it before so no reason we can't again! I blame World Cup for this! Gained 47lbs since 2010 :-(
Boneheaded #blackjack play of the night: Saw a guy double down a 6 (four-deuce) vs dealer's 5, then get all upset when he gets a 2.
Thanks Andre; likewise!
Can anyone else see a little bit of the joker in miguel montero?
Have a great weekend Thanks for the follows.
I hope so too! How can I find you?
everyone follow the Homie! !! part of the new generation thats soon to be taking over in this industry!!! ^^^
Follow me Please i Love you My LastName is Garcia #ily #FollowPleaseTony Thanks <3! MUCHLOVE
a sample, or two...or 8. Who's counting?
I'm steaming right now!!! this is stupid
the truth has been spoken
First things first, let's have the Flyers lose tonight :)
So twitter followers what your new years resolution???
wish she did mama maybe u didnt look at my profile!!
is there anyone in your billing dept. answering tickets? I need assistance please from yesterday.
Gotta catch up on episodes of Southland. Nice to see Lucy Liu on there. Such a great show.
Thanks for following Eccles #Boxing Have Tweet Will Follow
"I hope life isn�t a big joke, because I don�t get it"
We can design and produce full-color posters of practically any size. For single posters or large runs, In full-color. Call for a quote
Didn't perform the required rituals properly before installation? Blood must be applied right to left, not left to right.
I need some #superk right now ... But then again it's not mines to up and take
getaway day is no excuse.
RT : snatched up 2 free hours of studio time <>this is how you win!!
Rode my bike down to catch the last 3 songs from Mumford and Sons tonight. That last encore song was the bomb with all members onstage.
Hi from Ohio
You & I both.. #Lovesummer ! And Quit being a stranger 😝 !! K thanks! Miss ur tweets!
Sure, lets do it. No matter what if you need an RV and cool group to go with, I have one.
50% Off All Photo Calendars + Free Shipping! 3 Day Available. Choose from wall, desk, poster, wallet or magnet calendars....
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation! We thought your were looking sexier!!
Some Say an Entry Door is the Portal to the Soul of Your House. We agree!
I'm going to freak out #anyminute now
So #beezle has a show in April coming up. Our first gig in nearly three years!! So stoked!!
I want to sleep alone , my sister farts too much!
haha awe make the best of it c: love you too<3;D
please follow me? ♥
To a Master Auditioner, listening becomes an activity because it allows you to understand the unspoken intent of the person speaking to you
thanks for your kindness (sorry for late response)
just type it like that and type it like this
Kind, daring, creative, funny
I believe it! Well earned, congrats
Thanks sweetheart! I love you too!!
hahaha you talked to Amanda??
4 more hours and im free!!
Have you seen, or know of, any outstanding plays or photos from youth sports? Share them on www.thePlayoftheGame.com. Help us find the best
If you need samples 4 ur open house be sure to send in a request. We would love to help you out with your grand opening 2
only in Virginia can you be behind a car going 48 on I-95 one min and tailgated by a pickup with confederate tags trying to go 90 the next.
I choose…to live by choice, not by chance
Ryan Braun deal is great move for the Brewers and The City of Milwaukee! Let's try to sign Prince now!
Felt gloomy=so I got curtains=must iron curtains=move furniture 2 install curtains=must move junk off furniture=2 busy 2 write=feel gloomy
Ive got little paw prints all over me :)
I inferred "worship" here to mean "songs." It does seem obligatory rather than celebratory in some churches...
Got the perfect song for a mv(:
I wish my shin pain would go away 😠
people are starring..... Hahaha
Where did you find silence today?
Thanks for following and reTweeting.
a thermal? Hilarious! What about house shoes/flip flops?
UIO to NYC - in route from the middle of the world to the center of the universe
can't you find a way?
#Amtrak I want a free travel voucher for my time stuck!
Just leaving the Rosa Parks museum in Montgomery--very powerful--very emotional
Are you kidding? I was ecstatic when that ball went out.
i'm just gon crack U at random. Help yo tweets out a bit...
Today I am going to learn if there is an upper limit to the number of times one can use the word "context" in a paper
That's so cool! Even more reason for me to go see it! Congrats!
And, of course, I haven't even explored what's on stage in #Indy tonight. So many intriguing #indystage options! Back to work for now...
Its not bad. Did you write it.
I hate the Luna commercial where the parents want to get carpet for their tap-dancing little girl's bedroom. LET THAT GIRL DANCE!
RT : Tell us why do you love libraries?
#thatjusthappend dropped Chase off at youth conference, he kept telling me bye... I think that was a hint...
4) List Manager – Another tool that allows marketers to establish a more personal relationship with prospects is the List Manager tool
Thanks for the shout out ! We are excited for the new Great Steak Challenge to go live!
Light rain, #Maroon5, a rainbow, fall leaves, guys carrying six packs of beer, the smell of cut grass and a wood burning fire.
Hi Lisa I hope you have a great day!
will you have a ride on Saturday???
Happy birthday, ! Beliebers love you! Thanks for sticking by Justin. You are an amazing friend to him! <3 have a great day!
here i found a drinking game for yall
Monday's the last day to register for NBC "30 Rock" w/ Head Casting Director Katja Blichfeld. Sign up online or call 212.594.9616 now!
We still have some left. I don't think it will last much longer.
I miss going out with and Matt Lucas, it wont let me tag you!!!!!!!
You gotta look past the negativity and start enjoying your own journey
agree with you
Since I'm mostly looking at academics, they probably don't feel the same way. :(
Tell I said hi :p
"Signing this free agent running back is more my forte." ~ the Chicago Bears Owner (if she has any sense)
Thanks for the signed t-shirt yesterday I'll wear it w/pride. Go #butler!
Projekt.com has the new Makaras Pen cd! If your a shoegaze fan, check it out on iTunes..
RT : I love boobs.
If you still haven't seen it. Then go to Grandson gets brain freeze. It's so funny. It's really my grandson
BB hasn't made a phone to compete with the iPhone, what makes you think they will for the iPad?
Just one touch, now baby I believe.
Dang it you got a picture of james XD I'm going to get Ken Doll then :)
So much to celebrate today: Don Pollock won a Guggenheim, and Matt Bell and Mike Czyzniejewski got tenure-track gigs (at NMU and Miz St.)
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. Also, tornados and the dark and everything.
I will be leaving for Alaska in three months!!! Vacation AND giving readings, clearings and messages.. So excited!! I wanna see a moose.
Heart U Back:)
Pier 60 or Chili Blaze....?
Amen. Not many sisters in Des Moines. Maybe she can meet in Clyde, MO starting next month.
« I want to visit Australia!»
Ah, yes. Good choice.
Last page update of 2010! Thanks for reading, and stay tuned in 2011!
wish you would've came!
A good time was had at harpoon Oktober beerfest. I cannot move my legs from serving beer non stop.there will be a lot of sore heads
Appreciate that.
we haven't been on because of school , and some problem , moved & stuff . Now we live in new York . Per mentally
Me too. Watching "The Birds" now, next up is "Rear Window". I have to pay extra attention to find him. Thx for the bonus info : )
awww austy yesterday you was 15 and now you have 16 I'm so pround :')
but boy if you think cena sux thats your opion everybody has there own opion likes and dis likes but anyways hows it goin with ya
HEY. What time we going today?
Trey Songz can get it
Not on site, or I'd greet you myself! Hope you were able to put that chicken & waffles order in by now. Keep me posted!
my mouth started itching. But she told me her mouth had been itchy for along time. Now wondering if environmental allergies.
Titanoboa, #MonsterSnake was a real show stopper on ! Airs tonight at 6:00 p.m. as well if you missed it!
lol at you quoting the song that was playing at the PLL dance LOOLLL
Christopher needs to wake up
sound like a good day for Narvey to spin a little No-No himself!
who gets revenge by having sex with ur best friend.... i hope you get #STD's b*tch........ -__-
they once were
I got a cheat sheet still Finna
Goodmorning twitter family and friends!! Been mia on social media world for a while to enjoy the ORIGINAL world a little more. ;)
Your Welcome. Thanks for following me back!
ewhh my sisters throwing up & i can hear it ! ;o
Thank you Thank you Thank you!
No there is nothing cool at all about Joakim Noah doing the #fingerguns after every made shot
RT : hey now. Dont be showing off my sexy farmers tan to everyone! Haha // Lol :)
My eyelids weigh a ton...but I can't close them yet >_-
Maybe we should all go to Maker Faire together! Or Seattle! Or Laurel's porch!
Do you drink "good coffee" on weekends only or everyday?
Finta Drop A Quick Song!!
Speaking of shoes, my new #inov8's just arrived. YAY!!!
dont spam me. literally, so yeah, i dont enjoy viruses but thanks anyways
of other boring things. I'm also auditioning for a movie role pro.d by sony...maybe idk i should have never signed up 4 the 1 sec scene lol
give me yours and ill text it to you.
: Actually i didn't !
too many cute things
John your less than 1 feet away from me, don't do me!
Racket ball is the best sport ever! I seriously have my racket and goggles in my trunk just in case I find some place to play
yup. BUT WAIT I CANT LEAVE AMERICA REMEMBER UGH FUDGE
Just hit on design strategy for my Engl 1101/New Media Literacy courses: pairing existing objectives with digital methods and tools.
omg no.
It's so true! We must fight for equality and hope for understanding.
hahah i remember target was so strict about clocks. but its on to the next one 🔥house aint ready for adizzle
It was cool interviewing Brent Barry. Cool guy.
follow back please:) #muchlove:)
it is! We talked about smaller sections last week. Hopefully it helps!
Cheryl, thnk you! You made my morning! I haven't been twittering much these days, but I enjoy your tweets, too! #FF You rock!
Where did I go wrong #?
#am #i #annoying #with #my #hashtags #yet #? #mwahah #evil #child :D
You can't even hold a conversation. How you supposed to hold the title of a bad bitch?
Awesome Nick. Thanks so much for letting me a part of your career.
Lunch: Diet Coke, doritos and a handful of cashews. Clearly, I'm in training.
I think that any effort that promotes literacy should be supported.
It's spelled like Darrel but it's pronounced Duh-rell.
cant. stop. pinning.
my nose burn >_<
I enjoyed it! Time for the Rangers to win now.
Lol! But let me not complain. The food is good and I'm not paying. Plus I get out of teaching 4 classes tomorrow haha
You can help by following www.twitter.com/californiaford
We will be at water and buffalo around 11:15 am. Come on down
It is too late in the year for booty shorts. Even if it is in the mid-70s. Not even if you're wearing tall boots. Seriously.
Change of plans for the June 24th Brewtopia! We have re-scheduled it to July 29th; same beers, different date!
tonight you are, I'm in 2nd though, is last
Feel so good in this bed I don't wanna get out ! I got things to do :/
Chopping their lead down, like an axe to a tree...
If we havent said thank you, THANK YOU for supporting the last Day Party on April 3. The next one is June 5 and it is going to be bananas.
Yeah but he didn't three-peat so I'm not impressed.
So is that why Putin was taking off his shirt in all of those media pictures?
What time is private practice tonight?!
Repitalo por favor: double-opt-in, double-opt-in, double-opt-in.... :)
Duncan thinks he's a lap dog.
Why Phillip keep trying to touch Joshua when he don't wanna be touched
#yobitv Ben Green Is hilarious! Great Talent
You know you want my lovin' baby.
#lowcarb dieters, do you find yourself needing less sleep?
That's Great (: I'm Good To Just Been Working On My Modeling
I think they would. That is very nice of you.
sounds good, hows the food?
You were awesome today. Thanks for your continued trust and support. God Bless positive humor!
Of those five, "Fungky Van Den Elzen" is the most puzzling...
We were belting it out on the way home last nt -- also "We Are Young." grt for those who are musically challenged!
And all of a sudden Tim Thomas is trending on About 90% of it is linked to Pitt fans, political references and Peggy jokes.
Thanks for all the good music, folks!
invest in the artifact. smal runs. more art. social games to encourage sharing thru the shop
you are very welcome!
actually, the tap water here is non-potable. not kidding.
no way, you'll know cause my hands will be orange lol.
Thanks for sharing. Have you been on a tour with us? RT have you heard about ? You would like, I suspect...
I know! They know they'll never be better... They're just ew. :s
HECK YEAH AMURRICAH
Text me c:
Who is looking at doing #p90x or going up a level to #P90X2 ??? Contact me today! Don't wait tomorrow is never promised...
I'm ready for #MrsGalvan class
Oprahs audience looks like a sear catalog
Crush a can and recycle it... for it is National Beer Can Day. Use this information wisely. Great Beer, Great Responsibility
Hashing out the syllabus for Sound Art this next semester. Sound walks, installations, invented instruments, sensor mapping, turntables...
are you still touring with rise against oh my god its been 6 months
aww... miinah!! I bet u look so cute!!
I tried to hide from the kiddies becausse of my sickness but they found me anyways
You're welcome : Thank you RT .That #Caymus will go good with a filet. Enjoy gentlemen!
Ha! If u've noticed, but I've gotten a lot of backlash on my tweets about Aubrey! What is with that chick?! I hope she doesn't win!
Tht boy will alwayz have a part of my heart.....my 1 n only true love
No matter which CVS I go into late at night, theres always a guy with his pants down.
I'm guessing you've been pretty busy?
Bored of the color or design of your iPhone,iPad,or iPod?Call for a color or design change! Call 561-487-5550 today!
80% of medical expenses are stress related. Are you addressing this? Let us help!
I'm working on my master plan to make my wife.
"One of the functions of government is to allow and facilitate the unfettered pursuit of happiness." Doug Blackmon
UK recruits on the roster: Daniel Orton, Jon Hood, GJ Vilarino. Tickets at www.kdf.org
Watching harry potter and the deathly hollows part 1 with
If we truly love people the way we are called to, we won't be able to stop loving them even when it's hard because love never fails.
On my count, Derek Watt had four tackles for loss during Wisconsin's scrimmage this afternoon. Also, an INT during "Skelly."
I will now ! What a catch !
It may be that those who do most, dream most
heheh yes, think I'll play a bit of original Zelda to celebrate
I refer to him as "Cardinal Biden."
Oh look at me, I'm and causing all the drama, but not being a part of it, is so awesome.
The Okay Even-Tempered Fella
BD team should go:
When we recognize authentic people, we want to stuff them in a box, away from cruel influences of real world? Box must open at some point!
Dont you hate it when your Dentist yaps his mouth instead of cleaning your teeth!? #HURRY up already! OneAndOnly<3
it's the situation im in so...
#JBSOMEDAY I love the perfume.
Justin better b the next fam wizard or else it will b a cold boring spring break!
Luke 8:15But that on the good ground are they,which in an honest & good heart,having heard the word,keep it, & bring forth fruit w/patience.
Seriously, how in the heck did PDX beat us? They can't even put three passes together tonight.
Congrats to all the bay area bands playing BFD. check out ,
After last nights its apparent #Baltimore needs better mass transit. At the very least the Circulator needs to run to canton.
RT I don't know why anyone would buy a memory foam mattress. I want my bed to forget stuff.
Cutest. Thing. Ever
Let's go Heat!!
10 scale how gross it is that I ate bowls of ground meat all day for my meals.
Some guy on campus is wearing an Ole Miss Hockey shirt. I didn't know that existed
The company is revamped and ready for actions
i have a new phone
aw thankyou :) how are you?
Our next gig is at Plush on Thurs. March 22. Should be a blast: A "Girlfight Presents" with all female-led bands. Joy!Joy!
Officially announced to my work so it's official. I will be joining the VCU Brandcenter Class of 2014 Copywriting program.
I could have started an annual award thing for "could have done". Really, I could have...I just didn't.
lol what text me fool!!!!!
Just Cause Niggas Are Gay Doesn't Mean They Have To Talk Like Bitches I Don't Get It...
last thing before I go ..I don't know if this #alicebucketlist is for real, but I guess I'll jump on that too.
Responding to you! :)
Buy a Medalert or Kid Safe Child ID card today for your loved ones. It can save their life by preventing medical treatment errors.
"Keep the people who love you and leave those who Hurt you"
Well, do you want to borrow one of my 543535345 scarves? :)
where u at
YES, kind of
if you come through nashville, check out "beer-thirty" at grimeys...Free imports and great music
I wanna play draw something with lmao. :) :)
New Gretsch Catalina drumkit now available for use in the studio! Pictures coming soon...
Let's combine running man, Truman show, Battle Royal, 1984, and Gilmore girls and make a movie.
superb Mr. Man! ! ! Absolutely HILARIOUS :-D
business is always fun :) how are you?
sigh..so tired, but 1 more round to go ;-) Merry Christmas Twitter-World
well I want to know why she's your idol!!
David Guetta+gym=insane workout!!
Watching disney channel and some fag is catwheeling across america
wow! I supposed you'd have to LOVE golf to play it on your day off in the pouring rain... #idontunderstandtheseguys!
i definitely disagree.
maybe I should have talked about $1.5M of incremental rev generated around Black Friday & delivered customers to stores?
Your kids are gonna ask you, "Did you watch #Fringe live when it was on?" & you're gonna say "No" & your kids are not gonna be impressed.
did you score at al? Please tell me you did
-!!!*WENT TO MALL WITH VALERIE AND AMY TODAY, BEZT TIME EVER <333*!!!-
Fresh Strawberry Milkshakes or Smoothies always hit the spot!
The moment after a concert where your ears are ringing, practically deaf and back is sore. Worth it all...
Sadly not, but Johnny is saying he'll "fire" him if he doesn't apologize.
and should send in what foundation i should support spread the love retweet and make a difference
Off to a work meeting in clinic
the better question is, how hot is sister?
guys who have a myspace ??
I don't even know what that is ? Cool?
I'm having trouble visualizing, so you should send me a picture.
Did something a couple months ago I kinda wanna do again....to show how much I changed...I'm not afraid anymore I wanna fix things
How funny! Also: not sure those LED lights are original stock. (Note: Jay gave flowers to Drew's wife, so he's aces in my book.)
YOLO doesn't make sense. If YOLO, don't screw it up by doing something stupid. What a lame excuse.
My mom keeps calling me by my brothers name -.-
Yes!RT : Made a casting director laugh at , got first rehearsal date for Comedy of Errors,and met a mensch.Great day
Perfect date? I'd have to say April 25. It's not too hot and not too cold, all you need is a light jacket. #MissCongeniality via
Inspiring opening session keynote #re: prepping librarians for success rather than failure.
I really should do homework today... But I'm really not feeling it.
how many tats do you have?
I just realized I play Temple Run way better while I'm on the Toilet.. Is it just me?
Looking for a new Happy Hour brew? Summer Wheat is now on shelves...
I can play 'I Want' by the one and only, on piano,
The Chicken Apple Sausage is very much my favorite! M...
There is expectation that digital technology is inc into our classrooms, but we can't even get wifi at some plcs in campus
All praises to the spirit of the Egyptian people!!!
When the lights go down, are you afraid of the dark? :3
#LAMHarvard DFerriero: study user behavior -- where do kids get their information? Stop with the "shoulds" already!
God bless textbook reps—when they bring bags of candy with them, that is.
Good luck Austin!
just did :)
Thank you Girl Wonder! I'm planning to camp out under my mail box waiting for the ARC arrival.
I'm against #SOPA from a free speech perspective (constitutionality issues). I'm also against theft.
Hey, Hikari! May I post this video on my website? I will give you full credit for your video. It's so cool they were on TV!
THE NEXT BIG THING IN MMA STR8 FROM THE BACKYARD TO THE OCTAGON & TO THE BIG SCREEN FOLLOW THE STAR OF DAWG FIGHT
About to make it a Tasteful Evening at Bell Harbor
RT : Team Stella is using and to do some research for our Sweet 16 business plan! #uwbpc12 |Cool!
oh, yea, I've hit that one up a few times. Lol
#ANightinHollywoodLive is blowing my mind right now lol
Here with for the CMYE event. Thanks so much for the sweet services and awesome atmosphere.
I really want a boyfriend that...
Excited to take part in DC's 5x5 photography event. Just starting so I have a lot of locations to scout
Today's the 72nd anniversary of the first Batman comic..
but why?
this is gonna b the LONGEST #6DAYS OF MY LIFE!! #excited #boyfriend follow?4
Somebody bring me some coffee!
Monitoring, listening, measuring, analyzing. Which describes u & your biz? Analyzing is where we need to go.
Lovin' me some Lecrea today! My sons would be so embarrassed! Haha!
I've got a quote from the 8 bus: "Wear that linen, brother, don't be ashamed!"
Oh, That's Your girl?! Damn nicca, You aint learned shit! She naked in my studio, I'm on that
Wishing everyone a great day!!
which "show?" the concert or me hitting myself in the dick with a hammer? (both, i bet! :~()
Answering work emails on basic mobile issues....I'm convinced there is no actual help desk. I really need to stop checking email.....
thanks for the RT Jay!
I mean, he's been far from perfect, but how many times does he bring someone in, late or not, and they just suck.
Ha! That deserves an eek.
It's my Birthday!! :D
Some old hag caught a hippie tripping on acid
It's been a chill day😚☺
#2badtwins song n video wack as hell i know niggas bout to think this shit cold
It's always something
only weird people watch big bang theory.
I LIKE THE BLOND DUDE!!
Past due library books... GREAT!
I'm seeing Interactive Keynote Live Stream - Ambient Location and the Future of the Interface at SXSW 2012.
After revisiting some of your past work, I realize that it would be a big honor to work with you in some capacity one day.
me!!! I just got off work. Having a mojito and some food al alone.
Give Us This Day Our Daily Bread
An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have
I am so confused.
“: A successful (wo)man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him/her. ~ David Brinkley. Love
Getting ready 2 show our first rough cut in class! #508epic wish us luck - THANKS -
Hopes everybody had a great Labor Day and here's to an artistically fruitful Fall Season to all.
why can't i update MP3 ID3 tags using OS X Finder? ... had to find a utility to do this--iTunes isn't quick/agile enough.
lmao! #itwasniceatfirst but nigga asks more questions than Judge Judy!!!
#SouthParkQuotes "Man-bear-pig: Half man, half bear.......half pig"
What are your favorite all-time music songs?
As you watch the world go by, roll a jay, and go get high.
Flashback to 99' bounce!!!
I follow reporters. Will have some international breaking news hopefully in less than a month.
Win two more games for us, fellas! Then 4 more after that.
#FollowFriday The two best bronco training camp reporters
watching The Voice on Sky+... is it me or is looking HOT! Hi Five from the Philosophy Girls xx
Oh, Captivate. How I can spend two hours tweaking the timing on a 3 minute capture, I will never figure out.
Science flies you to the moon...Religion flies you into buildings
Good music. Keep working at it.
-Dark Star track. Great choice! Cool, quirky.
"...so while in my storm I'll BOLDLY PROCLAIM; IT IS WELL W/ ME...
My BG is beautiful,can't stop staring at it
Have you seen the new Flickr "justified" layout? Have you seen the Microsoft SkyDrive layout? Hm...
SISTERS BROTHERS was indeed a very enjoyable read. Had a quirky, somewhat offbeat tone that really worked.
aw spanks
absolutely - if we don't support each other, then who will?
The Tofurky is in the freezer.
hm maybe a sun dress over jeans with a fleece pullover and sandals with socks :D then you strip on the plane & turn normal
Dealer busted... $5k win for area kids!! Thanks to for supporting area children
New 4th of July Sound Design, and more, is up now on #productionvault!
Yes you can call it that..."Queen of Spain"...the irony :) rt wait.. is there a game on? #esp ???
I'm at your website now. Would you prefer hard copy or email? If email where do I send? If hard 6500 Santa Monica? Thanks!
Just gOt home bout to chill and shit I need to go see wats up wit my car and shit its not running good at all not wats up at all
On my way to Skyline Comedy Cafe to see Auggie Smith
Writers needed for film festival!
It's still kinda awesome though
The distance is nothing; it's only the 1st step that is difficult. ~ Marquise du Deffand
In #Drupal theming today, discovered a module that included a CSS file with hard-coded link colors. I submitted a patch to fix it. :)
Over used phrase of the AM "Paradigm change" enough already! Life is a constant "Paradigm change". Its about adjustments.
Bc I do. That pipe line will create 100000 jobs but when it is finished it will take away over 450 k jobs. Not just the US but for north Ame
Already May 14th... Nice Start to the Monday Morning Drive...
"I used to love Doggy Chow, too!" [Touch chips together] #WhereYouDanceAtDarlin?
i think so !
Congrats! You win the $10 Tab today! The tab is only good for tonight and let the host know you are the $10 tab winner of the day!
Ya'll should know not to put money towards someone who fight's Mayweather cause you'll be losing your money no doubt!
R.I.P. Nate Dogg
If only I could turn back time and tell myself not to do that.
hahahaha nice! Nice!
This is a sweatpants day <3
it's . Thanks!
sounds like an eventful weekend :)
Wake and live!! Dance the day away
This was before the goal. --> RT : Hey ! Have you booked #USWNT for the show yet? Better get on that.
awesome! So glad you will be coming out! :)
help support #TeensAgainstTeenSuicide .
This should be fixed now. We view category as a pain for users, we're letting machines doing the work.
My #AERA2012 proposal was accepted! I'll be presenting on hip-hop epistemology and culturally responsive science teaching.
Great chat today, everyone. Thanks for the great discussions.
thx, ! Have a great weekend.
Damn it Eli, don't let Tom Brady walk into your brothers house and steal your ring..
Waking up in the morning to dance crazy to a song the rest of the week. Why are me and my best friend so cool?
Adults WILL STOP saying stuff like "just chillaxin."
I think I lost my movie voucher. Why do I suck at life?
aw trouble! Ha ha he's awesome
This is officially the dumbest group of people to ever play the game of
Check out some of earlier work as well. I especially recommend their thematic work "The Hazards of Love".
Nepalese cabby recommends Chicago Curry House (900 S Plymouth) and Himalaya (Milwaukee at Golf). Anybody been?
umm..so my date is a princeton lame? But yet yo date was so yung yu can be his legal guardian..
Starting to look and feel like rain today. Can really use the wet stuff. Been nice getting work done outside in the meantime
That's just the teaser. Wait until you see the spot and then let me know what you think.
thanks for listing guys! would love to meet sometime!
oh hell no
Spent 20 minutes talking about unicorns in class today. win.
We're wearing our indigos tomorrow?! Sweet!
Aww, its no problem at all! I love to support my Phavorite Phoole! I'll be tuning in!
"I am not an artist. I am an image maker." Thomas Hoepker,
Thanks for the favorite!
Never thought finding heels that actually fit me would take so long. 👠
It pleases me to hear that Brandon Jacobs is a beast on and off the field. Bonus that he has good taste in automobiles
Then i remember its #YOLO so its fuckem & keep livin
ha RT : Brutal. Tried to pick up a muffin today but they wanted a dollar in return. I thought this was 2012?
South Milwaukee -- full assignment at Appleton electric foundry for explosion w/ injuries 5th & milwaukee.
Thanks man! Looking forward to seeing you next week!
you too! So sorry. I quickly looked for you but had to run back to the office for a crisis. Go figure! Great session today!
Does anyone have an iPhone charger I could use?
Three discs of Psychocandy?! Oh, hell yeah! Sign me up, daddy-o!
some of us worry about the darndest things...we already own 2 hondas and won't be needing more in the near future
Im skinny on the inside
What is wrong with Engo? I've been MIA this week...
": #WhatMeansTheWorldTo #Capricorn Being able to let our guards down for special people we feel we are able to trust."
I knew it, cool well I left it in the jar on my porch, ignore the lipgloss, g-string & rubber mouse in there.
Last Monday of my 31st year. I'm okay with that...
Hello, I am an author/researcher. I have important information 2 get out 2 the public. What would U recommend? Thanks.
LOL OMG I DONT KNOW WHAT I WOULD DO. what if we saw him at the beach and he said we were cute and asked us to hangout?! OMG.
:) get a drink and join in
Selena Gomez is my dream girl.
I didn't get a chance before now. Welcome to twitter. It's not all full of hate.
you gotta stop all of that
don't forget to bring that stack for my therminator app friday! oh, and my phone takes an 1/8th inch jack.
RT if you believe life had an "Undo" button.
I eat really healthy, and if I'm tired, I take a nap
I saw you again in 's blog! You are really getting around. Congrats!
sounds so fun wish I was in vegas. Did however get to chill in the booth when I went out, coolest view ever
Ready to jumpstart your #workouts and save? Learn about our special offer on the F7 Fold Away Gym Today!
give me hahaha
you should humph loudly at him. It helped me with the woman in the post office parking lot who took up two spaces.
Our office is located in gorgeous #Madison, WI. For #TuesdayTwitterTips, we’re giving 10 reasons to live in a college town…post college.
We will. Any pub is good pub I guess but jeez is this really the best they have?
That is very cool!
thanks for the retweet. That article was so fresh in naming writers' tics and odd needs for revision!
"Friday Funny: What do you get if you cross poison ivy with a four-leaf clover? A rash of good luck!"
Hey Jeff! Doing good! how are you?
Suck it los Angeles
Full from my big dinner & about to enjoy my evening with while haterz cry themselves to sleep
Thx for hanging with me! Have a gr8 week!
Done with class and its starting to rain.. Perfect day to lounge at the appt. At least until i start drinking! where are u?
Albino Rhino in the game for Cincinnati Bearcats on defense. Go Adam Dempsey!
Today I missed high school...?
*Sigh* A million things to do today. This audiobook has the same CD on #7 and #8. Better tell the library.
S/O to for the Charlie horse last night. I can't walk
and thank you very much! I've not been so happy in many years.
Stop checking your phone, he's not going to text you.
Bells at Brick & Mortar featuring Geneva from on drums.
#SDblackout #sdoutage Staying @ the SD Marriott by the harbor, need food! What's open in downtown SD?
I just got #punked by ! Surprises...surprises...surprises! Wow!
how'd you do?!? Sorry I couldn't make it:(
Thanks for the mention.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay would you like fries with that?
ok. basically, a much more awesomer reference. got it.
Gwyd, not sure I cd tch u anytng u dnt alredy no! MT : 1 day, i'll take yr class. & it will B gd. That is all.
don't be nervous. Directioners are going to keep voting till the very last second :) xx
Happy Opening Day! May the Nachos be ever in your favor.
RT : 1:30AM making pie dough and rubbing meats for tomorrow. Lots of hard work, but you guys make it all worth it.
Thinking about an stop this week...
To some of you, Happy Stage Mother’s Day!
In every P.E class there is always that one person who thinks they are in the Olympics. -_-
Who drinks #Kombucha?
RT - miami dolphins left tackle jake long who been injured since last season is expected to be ready against new england
Need a break from Black Friday shopping? Stop in to for some wine flights and a bite to eat!
I hate getting rejected from jobs, but I also hate rejecting job offers. It's a lose/lose situation.
mufuckas r dumb....
Followed! We'll chat soon. Happy weekend!
Someone's talking shit bout me and im on punishment and cant go find
Let's help #FindLauren... www.findlauren.com
Today is the only day that I like commercials....
may have read "breaking bread," to which I would sass you.
ikr!Literally for the past week straight when i get home from school i go on Cody's Website&play his songs over and over again
Smoke rings.
Good Morning Miss Tee will you DM me please I have a important question I think you can help me with :)
A1) top women in Social Media that I know are
Happy Mother's Day to all you wonderful peeps! Thank you for all you do
If u got a honda or toyota take it to chinatown or by bellaire where asían people live, technicians there have been fixing same models
LIKE this post if you had a Great Time at Calle Ocho 2012 and enjoyed the food and music !!
Visiting #Atlanta w/ my 17 yr old, looking for good #paleo friendly restaurants.
awesome. Monday is good for me.
thanks for sharing guys!
he want that mitch keep an eye
Call us asap if you want to go to see we are augustines on monday!
1/22 App Special :Three Cheese Phyllo Wrap with Sautéed Pesto tossed Julienne Vegetables & a Roasted Bell Pepper Tomato Coulis
Glad you're having fun!
Gotta check out Doug Briney's new single, "More than Just a Farm." GREAT song!
Of course he does. RT Carlos Beltran hits 2 HR and drives in 6 runs for 2nd time in last 7 days.
Y'all 4 real! “: 20-0! UK is off to the best start in school history series win over No. 2 S Carolina, 4-3.”
How loud can it get
“: Big news for 4 St. Louis Chefs & James Beard Foundation!! CONGRATS!!
i followed them the first time you talked about s/os come on please pay attention to me!
"Sometimes there's a fine line between love and hate"
Beautiful stranger, say hey to me.
so have you ever been 1 of the first 50? lol =)
over her place still, she already sleep. over here snorin and talkin and shit lol she needed me. so i came thru
have fun
Lmao i can be your #holidaytreat !!
Don't you fret, my dear, it'll all be over soon. I'll be waiting here for you.
Hot Hot Hot. Did I say it is hot here in phoenix?
Long ago, Mr. Potato Head had other vegetable and fruit friends, like a pepper, a carrot, and an orange. (I had these.)
dude you shoulda heard the voicemail I got.
Merry Christmas and Peace to all
Enjoying thoughts on #TEDxUChicago and education. Thanks, Molly!
#UN Security Council has agreed to send 300 mil observers to #Syria for 3 month period. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to decide when.
don't worry boy. I got the package in the bag
hello twitter
Just loved dancing to Bulgarian music in brooklyn.
Happy New Year!
took me a while to place that. Library roof screaming for greening.
Reviewed two short films yesterday and still have 3 features to go…. ack!!
Just finished writing a new blog that will be out next week. The power of the sun is amazing and untapped!
I've seen my BFF cry twice in my life. This time it counts!
If we were doing all we can then BW wouldn't look like British theater. Regional theater wouldn't look like BW
RT : OR tribe working to grow native plants on Hanford land that's been scoured of contamination. The story at 4:45.
I had the crawfish! Loved it!
My beautiful twin boys turned 25 yesterday:)
If you never did you should. These things are fun and fun is good. Dr. Seuss
CD Release Show TMW NIGHT! Don't miss out on picking up an advance copy of our newest release!
Idk but is a cutie.
We are throwing a charity event next Friday at Joes Grotto with for the Christmas Wish. Let's help a family!
Sweet dreams everyone !! ♥
Thx, I'll try to keep motivated & hope to improve PR too! :)
8a: We will hit a density point where city expansion will continue, I don't see cycling cities getting bike highways anytime soon.
Call me "Thunder Power Pussy"
a ok
Love it!
Finally, again taking working out seriously. Need to focus on racing next season.
“: my arms !!!! #focused ”. A little tender? Gotta get you ready for the big video.
Ok Yanks. Hopefully Kansas City will be a bottom tier team you CAN beat.
your gorgeous,perfect,flawless and you look like a angel from above. please do not say you are not good enough because u are.
Slacks in Town Brookhaven has closed!! I guess it was only a matter of time.
we don't have it listed separately but if you send me an email at I can send them to you
listening to Aretha Franklin - the Queen of Soul. listening to Tina Turner - Proud Mary is HOT!
Already I can tell this day is going to test my patience. It's starting to feel like a total waste of makeup.
A2. Well, he's not playing #bass yet, but that's cause we haven't signed him up for lessons yet.
What do you look for when shopping for a light fixture? Style or function? Or both?? Send us an !
Q4: If a project ends or stops growing, how do we make "invisible" past contributions visible?
Send Word Now Communications of the Year Finalist! #dri2012 Come by booth #101 May 20-23 and join us!!!!
Hey - still interested in a Skype interview?
You'll have to drop by for a visit next time you're in town. During Comic Con, perhaps?
Tomorrow 9am Group Class!!!! Come for your first time or bring a friend and get a FREE recovery drink!
Exhausted! It's been a fun day!!
One of the many things I admire about Fed: he's a "grown-ass" man
So I totally met and last night!! Then I woke up);
lose grad on the floor vo de jennifer lopez
after the seed is planted it is her job your right but thn she must take responsibility is she miscarriages.
Take it as you like it, but she told me today as of now she's not locked into attending any conventions. Sorry and relax.
please tell Mama Irigoyen Happy Mother's Day for me!! :)
RT for a virtual Christmas card!!!!!
LOL, there's no losing when recommending cool apps.
Hey Buzz, in my home, I'm the butler!
finds that an unexpected day home with a sick kiddo is actually very good for her psyche and stress level.
Happy Pi Day!
you will!!
"I'm like Samthe Butcher bringing Alice the meat"--still a great line.
lol how wass your night? & jumping air highfive on your pic, even though itss way overdue
I will not worry about tomorrow, but in prayer, thankfulness, and donuts - seek the Lord
RT : Bummed I can't get Hubspot's webinar on my ipad. I mean, this is a webinar on going MOBILE
please let me know if you have any concerns -Kavi
Glad to hear you've got in the #ROC! Its a great place full of fun adventures to be had.
Not sure why I torture myself with romantic movies. Watching the vow as I work.
wow, the animated .gif in glorious form. also, profound: "it's not lost ~ it's just wet"
. "Are you German, or..??" "YOU'RE JUST A BUNCH OF ENGLISH HOOLIGANS" - changed my life
was that today?
thanks so much for the RT. did you download our album, it's free until 10am tomorrow.
RT : T3: Boom. Add a wireless keyboard and a stand and you have whats better than a laptop. Yes, they will replace PCs.
I love this season
this organization is a mess from top to bottom
chachi girl i see you
Waking up to 10 missed calls dozens of texts and pictures of a furry ... Just the average
“: The 45 minutes in one sentence: Labor is sad to be here in opposition.” ha. Indeed.
Amount of time in the GYM = Amount of time eating non stop after :-) RT : 2 Hours in the gym nonstop!!
There are like, twenty people at GABP.
good luck fam!
I vote that he is now 's. If you drop him, you drop him, impatience will not be rewarded by our league.
Dennison scores again.
I've too many open games now but will play WWF with you ASAP I'm retosto.
didn't see this until now. you know that's right!!
hi follow me plzs
we launch tomorrow! months and months and months of hard work have finally come down to a mere 15 hours till we launch in NYC!!! u ready!?
I don't follow basketball much but can you tell me what that thing hanging down from Jeremy Lin's chin is? Skin tag?
Why don't we hear , , on Sirius XM except maybe late Sat nite? Workdays need to rock, 2! Armor Up!
It's a new year! It's a new you! Make the best of everyday!
yes! Just stop in and fill out an application! Volunteers are always needed to help out.
Hi Thank you for the fun follow! Happy writing!
I want the frizzies to disappear! I live in the deep south with 100% relative humidity!
hoping this week will go by fast
Yes I am that woman that celebrates her dogs birthday!
Showing & Telling is critical in sharing info since different areas of the brain are activated.
Thank you for your updates. I have a BFF in Suwanee.
Go follow he's trying to hit a mill.
damn I didn't win the lottery...
Thanks Ashley!
Follow !! LIKE us on #facebook!
Had fun with my sis kelly today. Got new gagues and decided to go up a size i am now at 7/15. No more after this.
While in the airport I've realized: 1) There are more ppl than you think w/ missing limbs 2)AA's delay to "fix" a seat is extremely long
Clearly. Babies and Tequila.
last I checked, refs can red card players in soccer
All my girls from the 504 need to drop it right now
#DontBeScared to tell he's bringing sexy back ;)
I love you
Spanish rice is so yummy
i love those son! <3
What worse timing could it possibly be for me to completely pop my tire? I'm in a city where I just moved to, am broke, and know no one.
#REMIX Deemed America ’s top DJ, Kaskade put on a show for the ages during this years Coachella Festival in the Indio desert. Lucky for u
The only thing about tweets and text is that people take offense bc u can't tell how people are saying it
if only I had a car I would drive like a maniac to see you ( ps I am a terrible speller if I spelt maniac wrong my bad)
#AWP12 what the hell is Polyphony HS? It is the premier lit mag for #teen writers. We publish the next gen award winning writers. Full stop
Two fun Vegas events in the pipeline, stay tuned! We'll be emailing all eligible talent as soon as the deets are final!
You and reported #Bogut asked for trade. Is that speculative? If not, it's been underreported. Any reason why?
Go to Showtime On Demand and watch Californication Season 5 Episode 1. Watch Quin & Reed in action!
Red-eared Slider :)
Marty Sklar wrote and took out the first Guided Tour at #Disneyland. Jack Lindquist and Dick Nunis took out the following two.
Congrats! What a great feeling!
Absolutely RT Worst thing about Weinergate is that Breitbart & his dishonest minions will use this to excuse past dishonesty.
My mom loves recounting the story about how one of her cats snuck under my father's arm and stole a whole hot dog.
I did the package. No interviews or mag features, no feature from a known artist. Nothing.
I love you, without conditions, beyond measure and forever
We all have much 2 learn. Im sure its only a step in direction He's taking u. No way He was letting u slip through the cracks.
Awesome tour of Chicago's pedway thanks to , Now to finish #Neverwhere!
average office worker goes through 10,000 sheets a year. print on both sides,use the back side of old documents for faxes or scrap paper,
First day as a Small Group Leader was exciting. 6th grade boys at 7 a.m.? Who wouldn't have fun? Looking forward to a great year.
cute photo--so glad he likes it! Peter still loves his blue, indestructible squeaky bone.
little did I know that buying a $3,000 camera required $1,500 lenses and a couple more grand in accessories.
Why would u dump someone by the way they text you??..... childish generation we in..
Does it involve the butter sock?
Some older people heard our music called us freaks and said they were surprised we don't have a hundred kids
RT : Insufficient levels of iodine in the body can cause you to gain weight..... FIX: eggs & yogurt
Hope the fish are biting for you tomorrow. Enjoy it!
Thought I'd have trouble brainstorming ideas but now they're popping up all over the place : )
tell me wassup
burned 568 calories doing 40 minutes of "Aerobics, step, with 6-8 inch step"
disregard that last tweet I sent you,your tag got mixed up but homie's
Go Truely!!!": Truely beat Gwendlyn in an arcade game where you push buttons and use the controller to beat your opponent...
At Universal Citywalk with my boyfriend. Going to have some food and then see Casablanca on the big screen!
that's doable.
talk about without trigger your baggage, or that of your peers... (admittedly most don't admit that to themselves).
I do love it actually! ;)
good stuff bro, congrats and keep up the good work!
Maybe we should start a #workforbooks for our Laptop Giveaway..hm...not a bad idea, thanks
BIG congrats!!
plase :) i beg you
NIECE: I like hip hop ME: since when? NIECE: since Thursday... and then she proceeded to sing "all I do is win" and "omg"
Pheww its working now.
Dis Summer Its Gone Be Live.,! Short,Backouts,Dress,Sandals,And Smoking On Loud
Considering they did in the neighborhood of a $18 billion media buy, I'd say thats a decent ROI.
Let Door to Door Organics Shop for You
Demographics, psychographic and socialgraphics = competitive advantage in a noisy online world of advertising and marketing.
Me and 's relationship is like a tornado. Doesn't always get to the point of touching the ground, but shit still flys everywhere.
2nd day of 2010 and all is well; love, love, love my new computer!
I think I transfer to spotify if they send me Justin Bieber's If I was your Boyfriend.
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song? you're never gonna see this so derp
well, the eq I have been using is, how did africas geography impact the first civilizations that arose there?
You've pinpointed the moment I became aware of Michael Keaton.
Damn! My husband's a pretty good guitar player!
Wishes we had a tweeter box with at least up to 400 characters instead of 160. B.S.
YouTube channel is up greenbaypackers73 Some SB party vids, some Packers bar vids...
This will be the red, white, and blue-iest Super Bowl.
RT "The best way to break a habit is to drop it."
“: thanks girl, your stunning as well! :)”-- Ahh thanks. But your prettier:)
thanks for sharing...I know some of Horace Mann but no that quote.
#President talks today about his #college #loans being paid off 8 yrs. ago.
eating oreo ice cream yummy
Just Saw #Super8 For The 3rd Time !
GAH! I fucking hate the #McDonalds by my house! They are so fucking incompetent! How hard is it to get a burger order right!
First one up today and already dressed sippin coffee!! Yay me!
Thank you Paul!
thanks guys for showing me love. Peace.
screw what up?
Im going to concert in New York(:<3
For , launch of 's integrated blogger & influencer program has helped engage viewers online & off.
grilled fish and gourmet food in the caff. They should do this everyday. They r only gonna be here for this lunch period
Thanks girl. <3 I'll tell ya al about it tomorrow.
Good day tweeples.
The only Turkish I can speak is "Doener Kebab" and "Lamacun," however we're both in music. We don't need words to communicate!:)
give him our best!
Come into Diversity and DT2 today! See what we put out while we were closed! Last Weds and Thurs that DT2 will be open so catch it now!
One of our investors wants to acquire a bulk tape of REOs in Los angeles, CA. Email us at if you can help.
HEY FAMILY AND FRIENDS, GET DOWN 4 ACES AND CHECK OUT OUR NEW MENU!
#1 Carpet Cleaner in Metro #Atlanta, Carpet Repair, #Upholstery Home & Auto, Mattress Cleaning Call 678-653-5425 KICK OUT THE STAINS!!!
Thanks! We are happy to be connected. Have a wonder-fuller weekend!
If the person doesnt follow you back would it be #SOIF (someone I follow) instead of #oomf?
RT - IS CURRENTLY A BASEBALL ANALYST AND PLAYED FOR THE CLEVELAND INDIANS AND RETIRED IN 1970
Hillary looks great.
Nice to meet you! Ya I saw that did an interview & wanted to make sure I supported him!
It just happened 3 hours ago, so no. I can't afford buying a new tire let alone a new bike but thanks
Casey Anthony walks free 4 killing her daughter due 2"lack" of evidence & Troy Davis is executed due 2 "lack" of evidence. Disgraceful!!!!
Livestream of Hacking Society event on network economics and politics livestreaming at hackingsociety.us
Gonna be kickin at Blitz tonight for the Duck game. 40-31 Ducks is the final score. Come out to Blitz for a kick ass 1st Thurs Party tonight
nah nah nah boo boo!!!
Ha! LOL TJ! Funny, I can actually see that from that scumbag!
Obama releases disclosure forms. Has between $500k-$1M in JP Morgan (although maybe not anymore).
definitely, thanks for the shout out. DM me if you ever have something you wanna work on together
Not again!
damn. you made me google lewinsky scandal. because all I knew about it when it happened, I learned from Leno monologues
gotta be top 5 ugliest dudes in baseball. Gotta be.
oh thanks! And thanks for reading :) hope you are doing well!
After 20 minutes of playing around I regret not switching to Traktor a long time ago.
I wonder what the Keebler elves are doing right now.
Tattoos.tattoos. More tattoos. Getting my chest and throat started Friday. So stoked!
- Please divorce your husband and marry me. Make it quick
how does that feel? Burnt and crispy? But moist inside?
Wow that must have been a totall rush. sweet hangovers are no fun
Employers: have you hired a job seeker using twitter or facebook? I'd like to hear from you for a story I'm working on. DM for details!
#wastinglight is awesome! Fav songs are Rope, Alandria, and I Should've Known.
actually things are back underway here--break was v. quick....
Avengers was awesome! Remember to stay till the end of the credits :)
Fantastic! We will be there & look forward to meeting you. Cake will be served too!
SAGAFTRA. Great idea, terrible name. What do you think the new union should be called?
HEY,Cali peeps!! Get to NOLA, come film, save $$. Prod gettin lil slow in Cali?We on fiiaaahhh w/ films here. Come to da dirty dirty,save $$
Yes, "but every little thing is gonna be alright"....
#talentdividend El Paso Collaborative for Educational Excellence provided "respectful" venue in which to share data, problem-solve
Maybe he isn't feeling good.
Hahaha get tried
Any suggestions on an informative IT application - iPhone Free preferred. Looking for news, etc
What's the weirdest thing that you've ever gotten for Christmas?
Construction worker dies in Fairmount accident - Philadelphia Inquirer
I'd say he's probably proud of it. Either it's a cool shot or he thinks it makes him look good. Either way it shows big ego
I'll bring Bridesmaids to school tomorrow & see what teacher is cool enough to play it. 👍
thanks for your excellent story advice
way to say absolutely nothing about wiki leaks. Stick to great profiles of Facebook executives. Shelby squad, where are you?
Hope you have the best time ever!!
The MN Secretary of State estimates that 215,000 MN's do not have current photo ID. That means 215,000 votes would be restricted.
ART GARAGE TONIGHT!!!
GO DIE BITCH
: Great idea! Our team may have interest.
just saw him last week and I have to totally agree.
you should keep your eyes on the road. You're about to hit the house! Lol
two gorgeous ladies!
Enjoy it while we still have it and good luck slaying dragons.
This should be a very interesting twitter morning
saw my godfather for the first time in a very long time, tonight was pretty good :) and it just got better
#DWTS Next season, since each is already a star, have each Pro choose someone across the country whose been out of work at least a year
Thanks, one of our professors recommended it.
catchphrase? couldn't you guys have done some joga bonito in the airport. that would be a cooler commercial than the one with
Dude I totally forgot about Charlie. And Olivias BF, Keen Eddie.
RT : Story re Mitt's unpunished private schl gay-bashing synthesizes almost everything off-putting abt his privileged upbringing
lol agreed! ;) A living is usually nice
The leadership team of an organization must be passionate in order for the rest of the organization to be passionate as well. #CommonSense?
Too late, she probably just got 100,000 tweets, lol
what are u doin???
So the NCAA is now formally investigating the recruitment of Nerlens Noel.
Home is where the heart is, and my heart is on the road
Categories for tonights Geek Trivia: Sci-Fi Movie Haiku's. Cosmo's. Things you should be ashamed to know. 8pm
danielle has no twitter...
strawberries en route
Job searching sucks. For real.
i had a successful nap
I enjoy these. Good thing I don't have an ego.
yes, absolutely. Waiting, waiting, waiting for it to become available.
I did not...what site is that? I did adopt a gray wolf this winter for only $15
Backpacks in the ceiling.
Where are you? RT : Hating life.
The SJFC students have the camera's rolling. We are capturing the whole day on video!
i think you just saw the TT fredo.LOL
Just got home from school :)
The is more than a hint better when Ben Gordon is on a relevant playoff contender.
What are your thoughts on the city of London?
RT : #Shoutout to he playin some jams at Vamp. He got me dancing to songs i wont dance to haha "coolness"
Parents of murder suspect #Jessica Lopez say they "pray for the family of #Brittany Killgore" and call it a "tragic situation"
Full weekend! Think Like a Man movie Fri, track mete & go-cart racing Sat, church & brunch Sunday. Now I need Monday just to recover!
aw look at the great great grandma puppy lol ;)
Yea I was quicly reminded of that fact. So I'm still leaving town everyday lol
Jus saw a guy wearing a forever the sickest kids shirt im guna get one idk wen
Absolutely no resemblance. You would never put "synergize" and "empowerment" together.
Show at The Rock this Friday! Better see all of you out there. Hit me up at 520-256-0167 if you want a ticket delivered. -JChuck
dark chocolate walnut brownie + black coffee = delicious start to my morning
Your welcome sistaa(:
NRC is Nuclear Regulatory Commission
That is a meeting I would do anything to witness. Can so much awesome be contained in one place?
Maria and Derek nailed it!
You should come to the Chicago area. It's really nice today. 77 degrees with a nice breeze. =)
Religion comes up and you have to fucking handle everyone w/ kid gloves. What I think about your faith shouldn't matter. Who the hell am I?
#BluePeter Should Be
aw, thank you! Om do crazy about him that it's a little ridiculous. The universe has a weird sense of timing!
Don't let anyone or anything step between you and your dreams.
Babylon 5. They were carrion-eaters.
Better. But you thought Misfits was hard to understand-Shameless is worse.
Bo. I'm sorry. What's the offense? Is Traffic School in your future?
#HappyBDAYJAZZY you are the luckiest girl in the world. your big brother is an INSPIRATION to everyonee(:
You can win the lottery and buy all the things in the world, and you STILL won't be satisfied if you never discover the
Class tournament date again today? ♡ Loll.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ELLEN!!!! LET'S GO SAINTS!!
#AlexandriaVA new Police HQ awarded Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Gold certification.
Thank you for for RTs and kind mentions (bit delayed as i took a twitter holiday :)
Ha! Have you experienced that awk moment, too? Oof, and Just TRY not to self-analyze when it happens.
yeah you do !!!
eu guys watching the patriots game?
Our outside patio will be installed in one week!!! Who is excited?
RT - NFL Jacksonville Jaguars RB/KR Deji Karim suffered a concussion in last Thursday's preseason game against Atlan...
Steve blake was not the problem ....
If you a top notch bitch let me here u holla .. Ay ladies!! Tyga ft Travis Porter
You're welcome :)
my body gets a break frm sports in the fall. Thts my off season
We need to get some scores and details. Call me at 577-2529. Thanks.
stop cap lockin
Trying to tell you I'm the one, come and holla at me
Sunday at da park not in Houston but it's going down today in Dallas
Doing the usual Food Truck Friday today. Hope to see you there!
Happy Birthday to you :)
I wish people weren't painfully shy.
Just learned MN State Bar is having FAIR speak. Shame to see hate groups allowed to masquerade as legitimate immigration policy experts.
bantuwatch is ok & we have plans to take it to another level ..otherwise am well & started the Zambian Bloggers Network
you know it's only certain things that can help with
Thank you! I'm excited to see your new shoot! What Magazine is it being published in?
Sunburn sucks monkey balls.
Keep at it!
You really do find out who your friends are .. Hahaha
tells me SF house rabbits have important unmet needs
#OUAT ... Happy New Year and thanks !
So ... Who wants to see The Avengers while I watch it again?
that is, um, quite a lot of tobacco. I'm a little short this week.
We're serving at #NoLongerEmpty in the Bronx. Adrian Brody's here - his mother is one of the artists.
the stupid barbie and kim still winning ever one over nicki by now
bra my coach non played me #sadface #salty nd I was hooping when I got in
yo! how are ya? just finished up a movie in Dec, we should meet up sometime soon!
thanks so much for the follow! We sell a complete line of furniture and mattresses so let us know if we can help!
Come out and support the soccer griffs take on the Canadian national team
Check out this awesome new festival geared at getting great new artists seen!!
Rainy days in L.A. bring out the crazies.
RT : The cross of Jesus pardoned--and purchased--me. If He's cleansed you, He's claimed you.
Lessons are inherent in each experience if we will only listen
Big thanks & love! RT : Checking out THE PITMEN PAINTERS - love this theatre #seattle #theatre (@ ACT Theatre w/ )
Thank you, Tim! Your support of STREET FIGHTING MAN is invaluable!
What would you say are "must have" features for a social website made for the design community?
**Senior Environment Artists** Wanted – A Studio-Europe
lmao "Prove you're #BGC " hahahahaha I don't think us three ever need to prove someone might get hurt
One of our guys will be in the Firefighter Challenge tomorrow. Will you be there?
“: I need more #stuffcraigsays tweets. Make it happen.” I agree
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho turned out to be a bum
I'm learning not to put 100% faith into what someone tells you. That way when they let you down you don't feel as hurt and dissapointed!
Milan Kundera, Book of Laughter & Forgetting, for archivists' favorite axiom: struggle against power = memory vs forgetting
Feeling fat. Lawd.
sometimes I talk to my food and encourage it to do good things like fight diseases and such :)
It's the first of the month, time for.some #changes!
I play guitar and keys. It keeps me pretty busy. You should talk to all of us. We are pretty ok for the most part :)
i actually do that...today i learned i'm a fat hoe (this is kind of depressing)
Thanks Bro we just followed back
Please read this entry in my blog for an explanation of how has changed to
Apparently Chickenfoot fans are known as Foot Soldiers
CONGRATS :D <3
I was appointed to 2 ALA #NMRT committees today during my commencement. I happily accepted!
that is so tempting. I'm making it happen this fall. Can't wait any longer.
American Reunion!!!!
At the first media TO Denver enjoys an early 12-6 lead over
lol it IS gay! and i dont blame ya!
Ice bath time💦⛄
Nevermind! Myspace FAIL
Im listening to the daily countdown on and " Boyfriend " was #3. Guess who is #1? 1 Direction -_- WTF!
Going to prophet studios tomorrow thumbs all the way up
Fact I didn't know: Calder influenced by 1930 visit to Mondrian's studio, struck by Piet's use of abstract shapes & limited color palette
Huge thanks to a Wordpress genius who allowed our site to regain functionality. We look forward to posting regularly again at egginabox.com!
What's the meaning of life, the universe, and everything? 42.
We are looking for new fresh alternative programming....
Thanks for the follow. :)
So I was driving home from work and boyfriend came on. made me think of you.
Thank u Duke Energy for providing us with crap electric. 3 meters in a row on r broke. So we have no power. There goes $300 in groceries!
Theres gonna be a time in life when someone tells you that your going to spend the rest of your lifes together and then breaks up with you):
Shitttt im so nervous o.O
We could have had it all...
Looking for a better way to conduct coupon transactions and cost efficient advertising? We'd like to show you how.
Good point. We were both too cheap to get a "Razr" too. Damn those cool kids. RT Correction: I was every day of 28.
Off to get my free Earth Day coffee at Starbucks. Assuming I remember to bring my own mug.
Jim apologizing for curing in front of children.
always welcome :)
shout out! Have a great week! Be well and do good!
Taking the train up on Thurs... Unfortunately no more media availability until postgame Thurs. night..
Tonight's is a lot of fun.
nice, but what's this fat kid stuff about?
: message me and tell me how ur trip is going nd make sure you call me this weekend.
Sounds good. Will have to make it sometime this summer.
I got the last #kcsupperclub spot, FYI
Hi GV All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
- It's more to come, thank you fam <<<< #Salute!
Thanks for the follow Laura. I am sure you get this all the time but what are you doing next year?
what kind of tattoo you getting?
Spring break is a tease to summer's freedom.
so pissed right now
texting and tweeting night
All those going out tonight have fun and be safe.
Loved ” Being Flynn” going to read the book now.... Hope I like it . Anyone read.this and seen the film?
Be patient....The Heat are going to win trust me.
"I'm known for taking what I think I deserve and your overdue!" I gotta get it in lmaol jk
Got our new banner this morning, recording studio for our new originals now, MOMI gig later. One awesome unlucky day if you ask me.
im guest list so see ya there.
Please do not let the #ChickFilA guy near that boy!
Small plates=portion control & lots of food options-I love it! Down w monster size portions. Not all food is good in a doggy bag.
Much Props to the JETS!
Excited to read "Devil's Highway" after hearing Luis Alberto Urrea speak at the ICAP event. Incredible, inspiring storyteller.Tx
“: I could name a thousand reasons why I hate you, but I could name a million reasons why I love you.”
Gym, some reading and writing today. Tomorrow have an audition with an agent....;-)
Thank you for an amazing show the other night Dixon. You're so amazing!!! Who says you're not perfect?!!!
Great show guys!!! Thanks for the stick !!!!
Thanks! And congrats on the Dick Dowling exhibit. Nicely done!
RT Drinks are everywhere. Money is nowhere.
I used to like #Adele until she was played on the radio what seems EVERY other song
where is the burger from ?
She had one drink“ had a lil drink”
is anointed, appointed and so real!
my heart rate is through the roof! come on #Sixers!
Jeepers Creepers Where'd you get those Peepers!
hey...HEY! What happened to the basketball championship speculation talk? I really LOVE that shit!!!
"Looking up at the moon asking can I be in the sky and become a star"
Ah. The Fantasy People are Gathering. Enjoy!
You scared me to death! My stomach dropped, lol, Thank God you are still GF! Yikes:)
RT Being an athlete is a state of mind which is not bound by age, performance or place in the running pack. Jeff Galloway.
should be doing something I love.
RT Sean P and Rock.....doesn't get much better...I learned how to rap by listening to these dudes
It's getting hot over here on the east coast. What are some of your suggestions to stay cool?
we'll prolly be there all day
Delight yourself in the Original Tomato Pie!!! Nothing Compares - we have over 20 Exciting Pizzas for you to choose from!! Check out our me
The path to choose, Yoda would.
you should seriously get to be in one of your videos he is an AMAZING dancer .
wow impressive change of course.
Walking into classrooms shaking because you know you'll have to tell people why you're so upset <<<<
hard to believe...pun intended
Delia is so beautiful ....
