Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
Hey remember when my 'quick nap after work' turned into sleeping until MIDNIGHT and completely disregarding all of my evening plans?
haha that's sick! I think the suns training camp is actually here in sd.
What's a "stickit"?
Just threw away 6 years worth of maxims and playboys. Guess I won't be making that tits and pussy collage anymore.
Again 's Scanabego! John Palfrey helps fill the #DPLAwest bingo card
Agreed. Happy New Year, etc. etc.
Did you just start tweeting today? Nice work.
needs to do a song with the #smashbrothers & needs to produce the beat!
Hey! Our phones are down! We can't call out or accept calls. HELP!
It is so nice outside today. So much to do and see in #KC. What's not to love?
Last minute gig for one of our favorites the group. The Federal Bar 91601 tonight featuring another favorite on guitar
Perspective changes everything
Sending thoughts and prayers to the koenig family.
hey, hope all is well...does BJB sell any selage/raw denim for men?
trying to get to for book club but the frakking train is all messed up. stupid police investigation. :(
Tacos or movies? Hm
Looking for C# Developers with strong UI and Ajax experience
you don't have to sail the ocean oh oh oh oh *-*
Heading to Wingfield or Hawkins for #Artown? Be sure to bring a blanket or sweater for cooler evening temps.
can i get a hallelujah ...truth
hahahahhahahahahhahahah HAVE FUN
Today is our #wedding & it never would have happened without ! Thank you so much for helping bring us together!
I tried that. Turns out owls don't work so well for picture mail. :-)
Good Morning All!
Starting after spring break, we'll have news about specials, events and great insight on all bars in Bloomington, IN.
We are reviewing applications for school-based community garden projects. We have some great candidates!
I'm following u and ur not following me! :(
Hey! Definitely! Thanks a lot! Hang in there, we're answering emails in order. You'll hear from us this afternoon!
A is for authors Julia Alvarez, V.C. Andrews, Laurie Halse Anderson, Amelia Atwater-Rhodes, Maya Angelou, and more! Check them out!
LOL, true, dang it! Just like every Republican Candidate (or even most) is not a Conservative.
Maybe someone should invent sardine flavored gum. Then we could finally tell sharing goodbye.
MY BAD B... SUNDAY RT don't call me b! & when you coming back?
Legs kicked up in my recliner eating nachoes at cineopolis.
RT : To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong. - Joseph Chilton Pearce
Starting p90x today.
looking forward to hosting, meeting & learning with you! it's going to be fun.
lmfao no gosh shuler! No one is supposed to know
Gotta love it.
No amount of ability is of the slightest avail without honor. - Andrew Carnegie
Just got 20 bucks from my dad's friend that i've never met.
This speedways cray
next time you are in NYC make it to Brooklyn for Smorgasburg on Saturday afternoon. Great way to sample local eats.
Homemade shortcake with stone fruit coulis topping and maple sausage links :D
I'll let you be my Juliet. I'll be your Romeo.
What do you do when a topic is tugging at your heart to write about it, but it doesn't fit into your current line of information?
-&- Thank God For Wakingg Me Up This Morningg.
New urban farming rules were passed by the Boise City Council tonight with a unanimous 6-0 vote.
Hahaha, it's still funny.
But you didn't have to cut me off, make it like it never happened & we were nothing. #<3
I need fit single UK boys :)
I don't admire many, but she & Juliette Binoche are among my favorites. Love watching them.
i love that the window is clearly visible behind her.
with those 3 words (rewrite lesson plans) you just earned Best Teacher Award b/c you are tailoring your lesson to your students!
Chicago we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Lol feel free to talk smack & don't hold back. That's what I do :)
This hot ass bus bihh
Walking down the street eating a pistachio macaroon, giving not one fuck. STILL STREET.
Is it too early to think about a cocktail? Old Fashioned Cocktail Hour starts in just 6 1/2 short hours!
Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!!
That's perfectly fine by me.
It's #nationalkissday, celebrate it 😚
I KNOW!! hes like 'oh hey.. im getting back the friend-facebook soon'
★New Account...FOLLOWERS Greatly Appreciated!★
Michael Jordan & Kevin Durant could have been Portland Trailblazers but they passed over both of them in the #NBA draft.
Cant wait for next yr.
I have a reason to be happy because this evening is quite brilliant.
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success. ~Anonymous
Well, the two independent sample sizes added up to 30, but, still, the students should have known better.
I hope y'all REALLY didn't think Denver was gonna win!
if your local newscaster refers to highs in the upper 80s at the end of september as "a cold front" you have life choices to maybe evaluate
What the flying F is up with twitter being over capacity!!?? If you're over capacity then get something that is BIGGER!!! Dah!
A North Carolina law school is hiring an Associate Director to manage their law library. The individual will oversee all of the library’s s…
samee . oh and feeding my puppy .
"Try It" class on September 15 at 5pm! $10 drop in fee. Try it before you sign up for a session!! www.TenacityCircusArts.com
aww! feel better<33 i sent you a text earlier you should read it when you get a chance.
My head is PUMPED
can you tell him my name
quadrillion comes after trillion. Sounds like a made up word doesn't it.
Field trip tonight with some great leaders from ! Going to be a blast!
imm so fuckinn pissed rite noww i wanna mak her happy as she can be
What are folks up to tonight in Nashville? Haven't bn out in a while... Let's make moves!
what up big bro whats poppin follow
Does Ryan Dempster have a tear? Unconfirmed but could miss significant time #Cubs - BB
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had no clue what was going on, now I'm a pro;)
Not pay. Trying to put himself politically beyond the reach of IRS.": $ to pay his taxes exploiting
Doing more work on the comedy script rewrite. Distracted by agent emails & meetings... Not that I'm complaining.
At the end of the day you just gotta do what feels right.
puerta rican or Mexican there's a difference ;)
I KNOW I'M SLACKING XCORE ON THE NEW STUFF!!! PINKY PROMISE TONIGHT ALL NEW STUFF UP ON MOJO'S WORLD!
Im about that!! Til then.. MERGE TONIGHT @ ROXY | “: “: I need a new Dj! A young fly nigga!””
When anger turns into gun violence... talking to Dr. Wendy Walsh right now.
new BROADCAST album. quite strange, quite tasty. kinda like, some strange gum you can't describe. thats my review.
shout out 2 got 2 get ur follows up!!!!!!!!!
*sits up, rubbing head*Ow... *gets up, kicks bed* owowow
that will make a concrete difference. The problem is that if we do not unite and grow, only little will be achieved.Unity is...
Finishing up my first short as writer/director/editor. Talk about a learning experience!
can't wait to see photos from the conference!
so how old r u
damn i just shed a tear. Kerry Wood's last game
website... on and moving
This is a manager who time and again gets tossed into the worst situations, lands on their hind legs and rapidly creates success.
sHIT MY GRADES ARE HORRIBLE
my llama loves yo mama(:
Awesome...you'll be great. Have fun!
anal telepathy 💩👌👈
now shantz singles to left. Panthers have 2 on for Aramis Garcia
LOL. NP. I saw Sean followed you too! How cool!
: Thank you for those kind words!
thanks lady! miss you & your family!
Watching for my first time
I would call up my connections lol jk....really!!!!????
Music is to the soul what love is to the heart and joy is to the spirit ~~ Lori Brewer
If tomatoes are a fruit wouldnt ketchup technically be a smoothie??#SmartAssQuestions”
This week took forever. 11 days til schools out. Hallelujah. Hahaha
#HACR2012 #nhli25 Dr. Antonia Novello "I speak with an accent but I don't think w/ an accent"
welcome back to rye NBA
Hm. Off the top of my head, I just read Very LeFreak by Rachel Cohen. There needs to be more YA bi-focused lit!
shopping related: "neat solution" = spanks pants. "item analysis" = which of the 6 purchases blew the budget....
No Foxtel or Bigpond Internet here in Melbourne suburbs. Two days now.
In case you needed another reason to enjoy a juicy, delicious slice of watermelon, now you have one: today is National Watermelon Day :)
Ughh . This concrete poem is annoying .
Sounds about right.
2-0 Yotes with 6 minutes left the chick next to me with the cowbell is on fire lol #morecowbell!
I'm not convinced it's worth distinguishing among personalization, differentiation, individualization (& customization) ...
I'm craving for a Classico champions final. Don't ruin it, Barcelona.
It's a Monday. Come on in and relax in one of our awesome beds.
Getting my road trip on with 
Christmas music... Oh how you put me in the holiday spirit
i love u
I'm sending hologram Me into all meetings from now on.
do any of you in the chicago area have a truck or SUV?
He loose my chains that kept me bound then set me free!!!!
Sounds awesome, I'm headed to Bangalore India beginning of March. Ever been around those parts?
ha! I actually bought my domain a few months ago. Been lagging! is a-waitin'!
Class cancelled? I like it 😝
Though that Cruz play, was just dumb football on his part. Just stay down. Similar to Kolb not falling on his fumble.
Remember: Today is the deadline to do your taxes!
"I'M IN MY KITCHEN, COOKING NOODLES. YA'LL NIGGAZ SOME LIL'DAWGS, I CALL EM' POODLES"
I appreciate telling Skip the same things I want to say but do not have the floor to do it. All while staying under control.
missing #Team5k and
I wanted to end that last post w/ #WhoRemembersThe60s but didn't have enough room. Darn this 140-character limit. Grr.
Yess!! Woke Just On Time For "The Price Is Right" <3
I'm sorry baby!
Third week of Operation: Educate Uptown. Tonight @ 6 pm. Inbox me for details. Do Not Enter the (Epi)Center.
New video just into our newsroom of severe weather in France/UK...coming up in 5 minutes on
thank you buddy
Time for the arts questions
ew. But probably true.
So happy for you, babe.
I hope you are having a great weekend!
2 Live Crew - Me So Horny (Uncensored): via
Happy Friday from
oh I assumed we have a standing invite to all class & events. Forever. Right?
Let he who is without sin cast the first stone.
yep yep!
I am so not in the mood to get out of bed an go to work
I swear my parents are on the "no eating" diet when they're home alone cause the kitchen and fridge are empty every time I come home
I hav help from the rabbit thanks~
True, but hate is hate, whether it's passing laws or "shoving a bible up" someone's backside. A true Christian loves all...
Apparently, the little things don't only kill. Neat, easily replicable study!
it's cause I'm so fucking cute
The T and melo is hurt
Bike paths would be gr8t emergency routes & bikes don't run out of gas.
how the fuck did I cut my eyelid ?!😭
Got a chance to get a PA job for a media company. Should I go for it?
Dear Honda, you and I are gonna have some problems. Love, Anthony
Feelin bad that Portland State University has the same letters as Penn State. #shame Let's rename ourselves with different letters, yes?
I'm gonna go on tweet limit soon. >_<
I guess ill be the weird one and smile in my pictures while you guy makes faces at the camera
Workout mode
Everywhere in Italy, whether in a small village or big city, you can eat great food.
Have you ever pushed away from the one you love, to see if they loved you enough to come running?
I know it suckxD; so what else is new? :D I'm so bored now!
&#39;Pokémon&#39; at 15: Success is still in the cards, films and TV shows
long time no talk
i wanted a "student athletes" opinion as well.
Morning world
Or #Mufasa RT : "Being brave doesn't mean you go looking for trouble."
Nah southland for me.
ADA: 10.9 million, or 26.9% of all Americans 65 years or older have diabetes can help! Text HEALTH to 300400. It's FREE!
I never made fun of abortion, neither one of these issues r applicable to b making fun of and cracking jokes about.
jazzy rapist
Wow that's crazy! I wonder if they'll be able to change all eye colors soon.
grounded knees to the head sounds insane.. Gl sir, may you emerge victorious.
Love is the immortal flow of energy that nourishes, extends and preserves. Its eternal goal is life.
We want to reach 675 followers by the end of 2011! Please spread the word like wild fire, then send us your email so we can thank you!
Hm. Earthquake. Great. I'm dying hair right now. How does one look prepared with due in hair?
Can't really say the #GOP #primaries are bleeding the candidates white. They're already the whitest people I know.
it's that kind of day. However, I really hope I don't go into a food coma!
And Trader Joe's is owned by Aldi, which is as multinational as it gets.
I'm sure we will (once she is over the scary wolves part). BTW, I was kidding you didn't spoil it.
thanks guys!!!!
Where my brother at? He is probably nominated a 2012 yams award lol!
I'm good...can't wait to start school next month..: )
yep they're in the last inning one more batter if he doesn't score they're gonna go into extra innings
High funding costs threaten Spain's robust exports
U play basketball, son? Yep. You want a full scholarship? Sure. - Billy Clyde Gillispie recruiting.
took some meds and they starting to kick in..GN!
Saying "Au revoir Nice" and "Hola Espana!" - heading to Barcelona. Its going to be a long drive
Dare I say you're too funny ? bizzy bozzy indeed - at your service!
you to mama. Please go to the gym tomorrow with me! :)
In holiday 2010, Starbucks sold 42 gift cards PER SECOND.
Tune into 's NewsWorks Tonight now to hear me talking about how the city fails be transparent about its property-tax value data.
Join and for #NotYourStandardBingo at this Sunday night. Reserve your table now!
Checking up on my status since it has been awhile since logging on...
Great day for the ! Got to finally meet and get her aboard the team!
well that's no fun. You'll just have to go twice next year...
Just came back from the range. I love the faint smell of used gunpowder, world best cologne.
The UP is selling like hot cakes! Just called Apple Store, Best Buy and Target and they're all out?!
I was -7 years old.
Just saw 2 great commercials: salesman speaks Mandarin & Clark & Kensington 'find ur soul paint.'
lol well aye well when you feel like fighting well you can come on
Toni is watching #mystrangeaddiction with a dude obsessed with collecting mannequins. some are kind of hot.
and also learn to be less driven by instant gratification #planning for long term is so important!
RT : Chattanooga: reliable power and affordable high performance broadband are two of the top five relocation factors
Painless flight. I love you New York.
That is seriously the worst thing ever. It's as if Hitler and AIDS had a baby.
this is all shocking and sad:( about the colts rebuilding
Just tapped, Afterburner IPA (replaces New Belgium Lips of Faith Fresh Hop IPA)
that sounds a lot like paper samples... If you contact a local paper rep as a print designer, you can get them for free.
What's up bro! I just found your Twitter. Had a blast in Miami during WMC. Keep in touch
my coworker said our peppermint bark was the best he's ever had :D
Nice lazy day today. :)
South Side
I miss and <3 u
I just Garfunkled your Simon!
Okay just kidding...I'm not tired. I decided to make a burrito thing instead of going to bed. loool.
#WW Wedding Wednesdays!
To be #honest i save some peoples numbers in my phone just so i know not to answer when they call
never get old
ething great it freaking suckss, like why do guys wait until you have something good...and then the love of your life come back and tries to
He keeps forgetting to say no homo after all those I love yous lol
It was scary as hell! Unexpected too! He appreciates the well wishes I know- thank you! Puts life in proper perspective.
Ours usually involve "amazing search results" for our website or merchant services. Intrigued by the 6 figures though. ;-)
When you are as skilled as Tim Duncan it doesn't matter how old you are
Brianna tried to call you yesterday from her cell!
It's too nice outside for my feelings.
If it's sci-fi themed you might be rolling in the electronic credit transfers.
too bad u didnt come out bro.... str8 pooped on dudes!! nasty snip
Jake just said sooooweeee to a cow 🐮🐷
are you coming for #CIL2012 ? We should all meet up.
I would visit a certain cable news website just to gawk but I think in google analytics, so no, no click for you.
Can't pop my collar.
Let's get it!
Amen to that...they will be victorious!
haha hopefully this summer!
Honestly it's too fucking hot in my room
soon my friend soon
Good morning everyone coming from the Big Island of Hawaii. Have an awesome Tuesday
hey what's up?
Nahh I'm ok! Most of the time people can't even tell
book was way better but the movie was fun too.
Lol thanks. and don't we all wish that ;)
Your Back :D lol Buenos Dias <3 Much Love!
luv u too cheer up.
has done an excellent job on executive producing his new album 'Trespassing'. It's an amazing album and he should be very proud
drivin w no shoes on >>
our crew went there las year for bboy battle in January and it was from 30-60's in the F degrees so idk
Ms.mitcham looking cute with that dress ;)
Super excited to try and get some cool b reel for the video! Stay tuned as we feature a a few local artists!
I think so too. Next week?!?!?!
hope you have a good day! Its cold and rainy here in beantown
I agree! We need to get some people out this way
Fuck Roger Godell he is a bastard
your #zuccapizze is phenomenal!!! i wish i could have it every day. love your restaurant.
That's how it's done Flyers!!!
Happy Grandparents' Day! I started two # to celebrate: #ThingsThatRemindMeOfGrandma & #ThingsThatRemindMeOfGrandpa Hug a grandparent!
how's tomorrow look for you around lunchtime?
Good morning everybody! Gettin this mixtape done then I start workin' my full length cd!
Going to bed...watching the old black and white Batman movie serials from the 1940s. classic stuff. night everyone!!!
Within Temptation - The Best Of - Album - 2012 » عصر دانلود
BREWERS WIN!!!!
Even though I promised myself I wouldn't risk the chance of getting hurt again, for some reason, when Im with you, its seems worth it.
is a genius!
Good morning :3
me you can talk to me :)
I WAS ON FIRE TONIGHT!!!!
Follow me on Instagram:
But at the same time I get you're busy and you have your own life, so I can't even be mad, do ya thing bro
anyone looking to sell blazer tickets tomorrow?
Thanks Karen. We miss you here in the Captain's chair!
Ah, Jenn, you've got this! To share success: I did that last year and it stuck until this Christmas lol. It's a "treat" now.
Going shopping for St. Patty's day wear. Have to try and impress cause she's already got me beat with the red hair!
I need a stress and anxiety reliever. This week is already terrible
there's one Spanish microbrewery but the name is escaping me. Italian Bierras are really taking off. Sorry I can't help.
PPSS closes for the season on Saturday. Come get one last snowcone :)
Listened to Honor Bright in the car on the way to work today! get your butts here and visit me damn it!
Lots of#Brewers fans on this flight to Pittsburgh! Gonna be a fun couple of games. Go Crew!
GOD DARNET!! when is my phone coming??>:( getting very impatient.
" Talking to the moon like I'm talking to your eyes, baby.."
A Prius add?
Harlo & Portland Fashion Week will be teaming to provide special event promotions online. Stay tuned in for details and ticket discounts!
History of natural history museums is a particular interest.
wish I could've gone to the roxy to see u perform but sadly I live in NYC hope You do a show here someday ?
Getting sum fresh ink:-)
Getting reacquainted with my man,
Doc Rivers: "[KG] clearly was not the only one [moving on the picks]. ... We put ourselves in that position."
tiiiiiiiiiiiirrrrreeed watchin the spongebob movie gonna read breaking dawn now...peace!!!
My numbers in the Super Bowl squares pool...Giants 8 Patriots 4 or Giants 8 Patriots 0...anyone else?
Anyone have a bass head lying around that can be used for a rehearsal tonight? Promise it will be in good hands.
If you have to compete with someone to feel superior your not.
Site will be up in a few months, its looking off the hook right now.
america over france!
thanks for the juicing pulp RT
What you do in your off time is no business of mine :)
Income, reinvest, breed. But their webpage needs work. How about.... "invest in a real growth STOCK" (as in cow) How about showing a map?
omg! Yes! Ugh I started THE PARIS WIFE last night & kind of hate myself for it.
Damn I wanted to watch the fight
Back to The Can...game 6 Baby!
thanks to our new friends that helped us around the city! Goodbye Amsterdam, hello berln!
What studio u kno got a staff barber?? come to and get cut up tues-sat 8pm-4am only $20
I feel like a crazy person. Goin pretty insane. Rehearsal tonight with Tallymoore will help :)
enjoy high school while it lasts #goesfasterthanyouthink little cousin
RT : Oh man these pocket pies are so damn good
we have to talk about the beer in your profile photo...
I'm jealous roll in some birdies
Hi Will, I'm I'm guest tweeter for I like your tweet. I can associate w/ it
Personal power, which is derived from our ability to act in the interest of ourselves and others, is developed from our ability to first...
Lexington Legends are back in town. Head out to the ball park tonight and show your support. UW donors - don't forget to use your vouchers!
Oh em geezicles. Weather is boring... Friggen local news.
The Wanted If you could collaborate with anyone who would it be?? #t4starslive PS: I love you!
I've seen it 4 times already!...
I'll probably be 20lbs heavier tomorrow night lol
damn i hate a shy bitch.
please dm or call. Do not post any business to me in the future
I'm joining w to block 's #debtceiling plan; it'll shred social safety net & doesn't offer long-term solution
Evidently so!
I just spelled "bamboo" as "bambew"
Spirit airlines is the worst. 3 hr delay for us canceled the next flight. And u have to pay for a carry on.
Missing tebow already
lol it's been so long since we were both single I like it.
Sad news from the hip hop world today... Favourite album?
#FF #AwesomeFans You guys are so cool.
Filming, in the role of Psychopathic Girlfriend, again. What are they trying to tell me? ... And the fake blood is officially out. Yum!
lmao! u shoulda been asleep by now!
Please text me I just need a good conversation to make my stupid fucking horrible day better
what does it do for the student?
this class is making me think about my ex..ughh.
Oh, you got me. I'm totally wrong, you're totally right. You've changed my mind. I have no interest in debating you. Ever.
Good catch! Yes, progressive women who work to preserve and promote our rights as women.
could U find time & take Brock Osweiler under your wing? "coach him up a bit" ya did such a gr8 job with Tebow. PM lost cause
Correction: 1500 EST!
Its all ok im getting new guitar strings....hahaha:) i crack myself up!!!
What am I gone wear tonight tho
We're intrigued... RT Most fun part of writing The New Old Bar is choosing cocktail names #Satan'sSister
hey douche bag lol FOLLOW
I'm fine
Miley Cyrus Slammed for Gluten-Free Diet - Us Magazine
Nothing but love for you Tejas or Texas ... S/O to my Mexicans
Confirming information science is librarianship for boys, only 1 female listed as important historical figure in the field on Wikipedia
- Because It's The Cup RT : "The Role of a Mascot" -
Hey Sarah, I think you're an absolutely amazing actress. Happy to be following you. You're awesome! Brooklyn, NY <3's You!
Parents went to vegas all pumped up foshooo!!!! Hannah stop hating and stop eating my oreos fat f*ck! Jk hmu fool
Wanna be my next follower ?! ;D
Thanks again to for organizing & moderating "Large Ent. Social Media pros Untie!" Very informative & fun to talk shop.
Had such an amazing time at Christ Community Chapel in Hudson, OH and Tyrone Presbyterian in Fenton, MI this weekend - loved being with you!
Waz u mean? ;) RT : someone sent me and offer to join a new venture, the note had spelling mistakes. even if I was in the market...
When ur sore from throwing a frisbie around, that's wen u know
Little sis pooped out a fist I don't see how all that came out a infant
MT When no one on Twitter wanted a RE referral, I found an agent on Signs listing today! cc
Author Robert Yagelski ("The Informed Argument") will speak @ 11AM session on performance and voice in the acts of rhetoric & writing
7 Blue Skies this Sunday @ The Haven in Orlando for "Rock for Gina". Set time is 4 pm. Come put and support a good cause.
For STEALING MY HEART!
I haven't watched #idol since last season
I know would have been fun though
rooting for #kubball at redline with jen + chris. beak 'em!
Hey Ma'am. Happy New Year! Hope all is well with you and the fam. Need to chat with you. Hit me back!
I should say I stopped checking on them before that point. I was with my wonderfully slacking Devils all through that mess.
Christian values shouldn't be sacrificed for a speech by anyone.
so I only saw the beginning part of the twitcam where says he's naked
Re-watching last night's #TheOffice. Who would've ever thought they'd see Steff from Pretty in Pink puke in a garbage can.
trying to drown the pre-game jitters with some 🍻
of course beto! <3 you doll
When one is hot, be perfectly hot. When one is cold, be perfectly cold.
well thanks for the help anyway.
ok, but we did record a pitch video at the event?
#onlyfatpeople have never seen their vaginas.
Lol yea hope cause no-one comes here. And Im mad cause the Mac Miller tickets sold out !! :(( - Zaona
Nice graduation gifts!
if you love him so much, why don't you marry him???
We shut down Luxe last night
r u serious rose hurt again NO!!!!!!!!
that's what 4/20 is for....
“ 80 Hour work week, no child labor laws, 2.00 an hour, no health insurance or right to complain #GOPAmerica”
who's in for RhymeCal 9? Slots are starting to fill up - alot of new cats signing up. Go to rhymecal.com to register or get at us directly!
I live in California and I just heard "what makes you beautiful" on the radio :D
come back to us!! The #ironbound is where everything happens yoo!
DMX is off the chain
listening to iconic boyz master mixes
Are you working on any lodging options?
watching Wizard of Oz on tv. Love this movie. Best of the classics, actually, of all time, just sayin
Dust my hands off and keep it TF movin lol
"Where's the super bowl commercial that convinced you to use Twitter? There wasn't one."
let me know next time you air so I can tune in
Fact. Did you know?Buffalo NY experienced one of the first "natural disasters" in history, declared by President Carter. What might that be?
Oh, yes. Those who cannot remember ...
From a lesson I saw recently....sort the following into nouns or verbs: run, walk, bat, hammer, hop, dance. (& yes, had to be one or other)
Ah what to do? 1 bedroom or 2?
Busy researching sexual violence against women for a paper on UNSCR 1325. Hoping for a day when rape is not a tool to enforce patriarchy.
*sign of the cross* *throws water on you*
were following you!
I do love. Where you been?
try counting to eleven then.... ;-)
it's cool down there. seriously. it's kinda chilly.
Disagree about #athiesm. A cult requires a belief - not the absence of one.
Don't feel good at all ! :( I'm ready for this night to end.
so rude and ungrateful. sick of trying
wooooaaahhh! I miss you too!
I'm so excited-getting a behind the scenes look tonight at what it takes to become a broncos cheerleader. Interviews, tests, routines oh my
love that scene in Rocky.. one of my favorite motivational speeches!!
Please follow for updates of our first full length film been shot later in the year.
What's wrong with her
hah! I am in a benadryl fog this morning as well..
confession....haven't done it :(
Yeah but Corgan had it comin' that day. Gerken told me Billy was pissed at him for giving bad directions...
That zombie had it comin'! Probably
I do? bhaahh you could be a model!!!!
Let Em play refs!
thursday works for me!
GOD takes away one thing when He has something better to replace it with.
Slowly getting better #Ihatebeingsick :/
“I have not failed, I’ve just found 10,000 ways that don’t work.” Thomas Edison
oh just at work...nothing to exciting you lnow how exciting shakopee minnesota can be
Wonderful! Thanks for the hospitality. :-)
Thank you!!!! <3 much love
This smile I put on is totally fake, knowing that what you did to me still haunts me everyday.</3
Wish the lovely could've made it to the show though... </3 :/
I think the neatly divided content ghettos of subject matter should be abandoned for multidiscipline. #teaching 2030
Stuck in my house doing nothin
and will you tweet everybody and make it clear winners aren't eligible for the all star season!
of course...Harold's?
A Cross to Bear, check it out.
Cheated on myself & sought out the results on before west coast result show finished--I'm happy with outcome! :)
it's like the old one, but different. We rearranged it. I'll send pics
Blood splattered Zac Efron strips down to his underwear on set of The Paperboy - Daily Mail
I really like this weather. It's always great to do doors and see my neighbors and friends again, but the mild weather makes it even better.
Guess O and D aren't around together. says he hasn't talked with Manning yet either.
I saw it homie. I check it out in the am
lol! I know! It sounded like a good idea at 8 o'clock.
Makin moves...Nelly show and party next week, performance at La Margarita on the 23rd!
Had a blast 4 my birthday. Thanks 2 all my friends and family!! Love u guys!! :) #s/o 2 everybody 4 all the birthday wishes...thanks!!!! :)
Without sports we would have to talk about politics and other ways we hope to improve our society.
Mondays dressed up as Tuesdays are sneaky
Some brands of toothpaste contain glycerin or glycerol, which is also an ingredient in antifreeze
Sometimes I think Portland's leaders wished downtown was Bridgeport Village.
Everyone always talks about the early bird. How about the early worm? How'd that work out for him?
Mark, you're not so bad yourself...
its so nice to have austin home :-)
Anyone else bored besides me?
College football is nigh upon us. GO FROGS!
Beer RT “: Q7 #FoodieChat You are attending a seasoning party & need to bring one spice, What will you bring?”
Hey ! We CAN'T WAIT for May 5th at with
Ran into of the this am on my bike ride to church. Wonder if I'll see her again.
RIP Mike Wallace. I really enjoyed his work over the years. They don't make 'em like Myron anymore!
You're welcome. Have a great weekend of shows - gluggle, uggle, uggle!
Giving our customers what they want Hot, Fast Delivery of food that they crave, that typically does not deliver.
Hey. You, Blondie. I miss you. When we catching up?
This one's for the #Oregonians: Did you know #Oregon grows 99% of commercial Filberts in the US?
Tomorrow's the first day of Spring! Tell us how you are going to be spending your day, especially with this great weather we are getting!!
proud of you...stay clear of presuppositions...
Street Money by Paul now on Spotify
Thanks for following! now book me! : D
thanks for the tip! Any other good stories?
With both shrinking #defense & #intlaffairs budgets, how do we achieve our #foreignpolicy goals? Soft power w/ no money?
So Strasburg's contract is worth twice what Dibble earned in his entire career. OK.
It's on a Friday! :)
I hate bitches who act like being in a relationship sucks stfu you obviously aren't with the right person stop generalizing shit.
Bagel Day AND s birthday! #gogetabagel #happybirthdayfrand!
Going to the Golden Globes Red Carpet Event tomorrow!!! Thanks NBC :)
- it would be great if you could get back to me regarding order #1071 that I placed 45 days ago and have never received.
So, this Google zipper is the most action i've gotten in a while.
Did you see the new sculpture on the waterfront??
Yeah that's good to give him time to talk. But the best thing for you is for him to reply to you. Then your good from there.
I'm wearing the scarf too. Need to make it up to the scarf for having witnessed last weeks game...
Listening to the boys of fall gets me ready for football season! :)
Totally true.
thank you!
I Got My Money With Them Boys In OKC Take Over The West Put Ur $$$ Up If U Want To Bet
thanks, can't wait.
Check out tomorrow's issue for info on the #SantaFe Reporter AHA Festival: Progressive Arts & Music @ the Railyard. Sept.18!
I am going to see you guys!
I'd agree w/u if it wasn't so greedy.Or we weren't being controlled by corp. interests filtering info that might hurt their sales
you should never still be up when I'm starting a new day. It's not good for either of us.
I'm a need those tix! Lol
BRO DO YOU WANT A PONY OR UNICORN? NO WAIT THE PURPLE UNICORN IS MINE.
I will say it again, Red Zone channel is greatest thing to happen to NFL since the forward pass.
ok , forgiven. if I could deliver to DC, first cookies would go to, trapped in a snowdrift with no chocolate.
Football player giving a Presentation that is actually making sense
It sure does take him a long ass time to text me back.....smh.
Thoroughly enjoyed #thehungergames - Judianna Makovsky's costuming was brilliant.
finally got a stream up & running again
Not all have been responsible. Reforms are good. Oversight is good. Requiring RDAs to follow SB375 would be good.
You are the hands and feet of Divine Love. Keep on giving. Your love makes a difference in the world. XX
Panthers last shot, airball rebounded by Hopkins...but they call a loose ball foul with 1.8 to play
is going ice skating at the Indiana State Fairgrounds.
Thats what I told him lol;-)
Did not realize halt in foreclosures is in fault due to faulty docs. No ones home should unfairly be taken. Which percent is due to fault?
do you ever write to fans?
Filming must have been tough - Keeping quiet for an extended period of time could NOT have been easy.....;)
i WAS in a bad mood cuz of all the hate im getting for being a directioner.but then i watched the vid of dancing.
I like messing with people. I can't help it
are you SERIOUS? Holy crap... AMAZING movie.
Both LA teams are gonna get swept. Such a basketball hometown
Filet on a fresh roll covered in cheese? I love America. Fuck yeah!
ha ha they need to get right
Highly recommend these folks for lunch. RT We're about to serve lunch for #tcamp12!
My pleasure! Appreciate your business :)
People who can't afford insurance aren't worth getting angry about, Mitt? wow.
WHOA #1500SHOWS! DANCE IT OUT! OH YEAH!
Our Fruitful Congregations Journey team is meeting tonight at 7. Pray for God's wisdom and leadership in each them.
Back in the studio(:
Love having a whole row to myself on airplanes
Top two battle through Victoria Azarenka and Maria Sharapova both had to go three sets to reach the semi-finals of the WTA Porsche Grand
Bout to watch " Think like a man" I didn't buy the bootleg.... .. he did shhhh!
My mom said Keith Urban is pretty. I told her all Australian men are pretty. (Pretty damn sexy!)
#fall10 or be on drake staples ticket
WHAT THE FU....she's terrible so far. And what the hell happened to her face?!?
"the point is, I can help you with your debts if that will make us friends>" this movie is full of
We are currently planning a keyboard. This is a cool idea, thanks for the feedback!
I wish someone would bring me some breakfast tacos, I'm starving 😔
Thanks for the follow! Have a fantastic weekend!
Hi are there any more spots available for tonight. I know a couple people who want to attend.
Only pretty girls onstage. Off limits to the guys. Lol :)RT : lol 3 levels, huh! i miss the vip section onstage
TreSean wuzz her . And he's much better than Colton.
I wanted to be a laker girl at one point in my life lmao
thats goes both way women with small hands it makes everything bigger on the women end lol
House of Blues!!!!
Need more followers....
Just tapped Flyer's IPA.
oops. Typo.
looking for good music tonight?? Lagond Music Students and and more tonight 630-9. $7
why don't you admit you are pegged for a political operative that hates normal people. Regardless of the demographic?,)
thank you, love!
I've got a tiny chainsaw in my pocket ...
I might be in vero sometime this month also. Down to record?
Lol im happpyy ! tweet him he might reply ! trend what he tells you to trend !
And if you ladies play your cards right, you just might get to meet the whole gang.....lol
Oh how I have missed you...two very long hours left until we reunite!
CAN'T I MAKE THIS TWITTER TO MY DIARY Ask me
I get 5 hours of sleep. Yay 😣💤
Imma f some ppl up today haha
Such a lovely day in
watching hangover haha funny
Tested and verified! RT If you Google "zerg rush", Google will eat the search page.
looks tasty! What is that?
I love when life is good*
u gone share
LADIES!! SAT 8 TO 2 IN WALDORF/HOTTEST & TRENDIEST JEWELRY OF THE SEASON/AS WELL AS $50 SEW-IN WEAVES..MAKE APPT NOW 202-704-3221
Have a good trip !
It is such an exciting honor! Good luck! Have fun at the event tonight!
Forever 21, take all my money!
I am going to work at a Labor Ready branch today. I have to be there at 6. Ugh!
Isn't that a great feeling?? RT I just got my butt kicked at the gym.
What a show of heart from Jeff Hougland.
You know what's scary? Hairpin turns on steep grades driving on the left side of the road at night. Phew!
Extremely? Thats a strech huh? Lets go with moderately! CHEERS
Preston Dynasty Realty... Live the Good Life!! Powerful and Definitely Rich!!
until later. Then hell in a bowl. Porcelain bowl.
It wasn't pretty Broncos, but a win is a win! #BRONCOS WIN
"Which 'Incredibly Boring White Guy' Will Romney Choose As VP?" #huffpost How bout the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man?
Warning: Dates in Calendar Are Closer Than They Appear - Lale Welsh (via )
john d. is back form asia! don't let the rain get u down! come in and say hi and get yourself a beautiful new piercing to brighten your day!
Fun like watching a train wreck!
RT : “Until every single person on the planet knows and loves a contemporary composer, our job will not be finished.”...
she's discovered how good the interface is 4 tunein radio, calm is restored now we can access the extended News Quiz
AYE ABOUT THEM LAKERS?! They lost 😔
#RT ": I'm saving myself for marriage ;)” Can't find many dudes like this
$5 pitchers of Miller High Life & Berghoff tonight! #DoitMadison!
Super contractor is already insulating!
The Acai Berry has been said to contribute to massive weight loss. Try Acai Berry juice.
ANY BUSINESS OWNERS LOOKING FOR ADVERTISING ON THE HOT RADIO SHOW #FORTHELOVEOFMUSIC W/ CONTACT
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter it was just to follow and I had no clue what #hashtags were
NO PAYTON KISSED ME
I will never understand why people insist upon being dishonest about the most benign things. I can tell, and It never fails to disappoint.
me too. its a great list.
good luck!!!! I know you got this!! :)
child were are you moving too
bitch I don't like you, fuck off.
Good post. Well said.
extra cheese .50, bacon .50, lettuce wrap, beer float :D RT: There's a secret menu??!!!!!!!!
Our friends from Though She Wrote have just put up some free downloads on their Purevolume page! Go check them out!
Number two SEO mistake NO effort on off page optimization... Just two biggies.
oh that sounds fun! I like designer brand stores. :P
Saw #hungergames last night. 1- Jennifer Lawrence is amazing 2- I had dreams about mutated animals
Don't you want me baby?
edui 2011 had 13 female speakers out of 42 & we'd like more gender parity at the podium.
lol what was yall talking about ?
You're welcome! Hope your week is going great.
“: thanks for following and nice meeting you” same here!!
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool im gonna get Tom Hanks back. wont know what hit her
if you through us a few quarters every now and then, it won't be cheating.
Obviously not a 5 star prospect by any means but he can be developed.
Thanks for a great 300th Episode of The Shakedown tonight! Now, on to 600!
we buy used and pre-owned vehicles. Pick up and towing on the someday. we come to buy your #car. free quote
#30-Maurice Jones-Drew-RB-Jacksonville Jaguars
The more positive you are when you think and work toward your goals, the faster you achieve them. ~Brian Tracy
awful decision!!! : I mean did Jessie really get eliminated?? For real??? Was it a forced decision???
You stupid piece of shit! Die a thousand deaths you worthless homeless begging ass wipe.
That may be the cutest thing I've ever seen. Send Misha my birthday wishes! Xx
#SomeTimesIWonder "Why is that Frisbee Getting Bigger?"...and then it hits me."
1 from each person! :)
Cause she does !!!!!! silly lol problem : P ebonayo !!!!
Imagining a Downtown Buffalo Bills Stadium » The Rochesterian
Just can't understand Harris .103 instead of Cozart .288 Is Cozart tired ?
Cats are like boys. Both can't tell the difference between when you're just playing and when you actually want them to go away.
I want josh to win American idol :)
I'm way to blazed!!!
Accio Charlie McDonnell.
thanks for the shout out! :) hope you're having an awesome day
I've been waiting on this announcement!
Waiting on my littlest brother to get home already
#chicultural2012 Participants will be asked to vote for Portage Park and surrounding area
Thanks, Alison! A very productive chat indeed.
this guy lol.. I'm busy today
Good luck.
Hook it up with one more ;)
ha. This happens in my real life all the time. I'm too good at dry humor I guess.
You can marry her today! She still mine!
#ItsHardTo Want sometimes just because we always can't get what we want.
don't you hate it when you go to the supermarket and lady gaga steals your pants?! :p
Recycling 9 cases of Santome prosecco bottles from Fig & Pigs at Baconfest Chicago to fill with my hubby's home brew! Score!
...& now for a GPR and archaeology project proposal
lol u''l kill hm bbe:)
Pirate attack victims back home..Blue Jackets prep for the playoffs in Detroit..and honoring our good friend Heather Pick..join us at five!
Instagram had 35 million users and didn't work that well on Facebook. Smart move. Withhold functionality, get purchased, retire.
Just chatted with a barista over patent trolls! I love NPR thanks.
making the most of my one hour of unscheduled time this morning.
Stumbled across something super amazing!!! :D
I have an A in AP chem!
Soul Train Awards.
Find some oversized pillows to use in front of your fireplace for those nights you want to snuggle.
R.I.P. Steve Jobs
Don't let guilt over having indulged discourage you from making wise choices today! :)
Driving through Brookfield there seems to be a pro Waller sign in yard of every giant ranch house. Makes sense, I guess.
QoS is osm too, love it!
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak… Sometimes it just means your strong enough to let go… #Truth RT
Want to be able to do something at wp-admin/media.php?action=something&attachment_id=# instead of upload.php?page=something
We handed these out at our Holiday party last weekend. Our kids LOVED them! Thank you so much...we'll sends some pics soon!
is the best girlfriend ever!!
Just registered for my classes next year
I could run home faster than in this traffic
Turnip green, goat cheese, potato and preserved Meyer Lemon galettes at tomorrow's Pilsen farmers market.
Hey agents, sizzling fiction, innovations, inventions, high rolling tech world of elite south asians, respond to
Aw, I'm very touched. You're dear~~
Welcome to the weekend RT : It's been a long, GRUELING week and I need to get Happy Hour started before 6pm!
Very welcome!
Currently listening to: Paul Masson - The Name Rings Bells
wow! Your stove top is so clean.
C.I.G.man, fun stuff. I could do this for the army or something!
No, not bigots, just wrong, heads in sand, in the closet, don't trust each other, and just plain "ignut."
I make mistakes and im not the nicest person. But at least im woman enough to ask for help and point out my wrongs.
wow, you need a snickers.
ya you and me bros homie!
u like her, she like u to
Can't #Brewers trade him for more draft cash? RT : Brian Anderson announcing Bradley vs. Wisconsin game.
I understand Finance and it's role in the region and I will work for a complete repeal of #Dodd-Frank. Let's return NC to greatness!
Ready for this semester to be over!!
okay good lol
And that makes this different from the other 14 games how, Lance?
Leaving Mall of America, with little financial damage :)
I have a 5 cadaver dogs hit 2009 Lindsay Wells case Simi Ca PD was there no dig done HELP
Get your daily dose off all things #rock and #metal by following ! Piranah approved!
The Question... Sometimes I wonder who the eff I am. My voice sounds mad raspy right now. Hahaa
The Guto's beard brings all the girls to the yard.
far too many. i use my check-ins to remind me of where I've already been. a digital bread crumb trail!
damn.....i'm in love but the way you got me feelin sometimes make me wanna yell fuk bitches get money :/
brings you Miami's finest food trucks, live music performances, great drink specials like our $2 drinks and more! Stop by!!
thanks, kevin! i will grab that and call chuck tomorrow. thank you thank you thank you!
<3 my BGF! Glad i finally saw her, its been way to long!!
whats wrong with me?
Shameless (on Showtime) looks great, but is really dumb in a way. Anyone seen the original English series?
Wait, write one for Riker and then one for Curt?
Listened to a lot of A Fine Frenzy & Au Revoir Simone today... love love love geeking out to my happy girly music on a perfect beach day :)
Another Happy Realtor.... Docs at Tile 10 days prior to closing!
#WOTD: what is up with these?! Anyone? RT : kendra bought me CD Wilco, I think it's insulted.
what's really good with AJ comin up for a blackout visit
Best wishes for the holidays in your new home here in Denver.
[correction!] "take the contradictions of your life to wrap around you like a shawl...to keep you warm" ~Alice Walker
I love technology, but long live the notebook, in all its forms. Always have one with me!
Happy Birthday to the most wonderful niece in the entire world!!! I love you Serina!
I GOT IT... Didnt listen to it yet tho...
Let me guess...
Cooking channel has wonderful events for fun and easy dishes. TWEET ME THEIR RECIPES Bobby Flay
I don't trust Also: food truck tacos, bat boys, juries, microwave popcorn directions, and homeless men in Hawaiian shirts.
Picking my scab in church
your dancing to "should I stay or should I go" made my night
It's hard to be big, when little got you! AJ
A even better question is why are you surprised? So what's the deal
I could be your perfect disaster, you could be my ever after.
ANY WORD ON WHERE THE OTHER SPORTS WILL GO?
gotta have
Anyone who thinks you can absorb Vitamain C through sunlight is literally stupid.
You shoulda been to the Goose joint up here the other night it was GOOD!!!!!!!
rt oh now i'm even more amp.. i gotta make sure to be there for this now and sign up << Cnt wait to c/u D
- It's snowing over in Catonsville! Luckily, it's bringing people into the library and right to our volunteer table!
The problem with the #Bevpart2 tactic? It doesn't explicitly refer to who the GOP is talking about. And Bev ain't on the ticket.
What a great night last night celebrating a great friend/client's success. Very happy for her & her future.
I get lost in open spaces:)
Would you rather have Jim Kelly with 4 SB appearances HOF but no rings or Trent Dilfer with one ring????????? Thanks for listening!!!
Ha ha ha all while I was in Arby's drive thru !
shot out to everyone on twitter. have a wonderful day!!!`
Yeah Sourcical.com is a great spot for single color Tyvek wristbands but we also have biohazard labels. Sourcical.com/biohazard-labels
#throwagrenade at a pile of paper coupon books. put in your pocket with a FREE smartphone app! W.Qponomics.com
Preppin for session new artist comin in
I dont understand how I got a 69?
Entering a new chapter in ur #life comes naturally. #discovering what it means is the obstacle.
Thanks for all the emails! We have a WINNER!
The most difficult times are the ones that teach us the best lessons. I'm learning a lot lately...
Instant FACE formula just add Brodus Clay
Why can't #glee be on every day??
To all my natural hair salon owners in Las Vegas Nevada, I am looking for you. Hit me back on twitter. Looking to come to Vegas in Sept.
Hm what to have for dinner.....
sup Funky u good?
A Britney Spears Femme Fatale Concert After Party on Thursday, July 28th or Friday, July 29th. Let's Make It Happen!
You are about to give birth to what God has put in your heart. That's why it's such a struggle. You're in that final push.
now to unpack and deal with this mountain of laundry...
Good Luck to THE House! We believe in you!
Help fight #recidivism and #teenviolence in #Chicago!
kita had her baby yet ?
Why do you let people walk all over you?
Hey everybody! My hair looks like a shampoo commercial today!
Thank you for being my rock.
that sounds amazing!
Follow me c;
I see this all the time. Grab whole stack of chips, cross line, gauge players reaction,determine sizing, pull back chips.
u mean 54?
Who wouldnt like Tacos, i mean the real mexican tacos not the ones with crunchy shells, ground beef,&shreaded cheese my mom makes the best:)
Is ready for a female President??
12hrs ago saw Ron Keel deliver an amazing acoustic set. 12hrs from now Sin City Sinners. Its not LA, but thankful for the Vegas music scene
The WFA nominees and schedule are officially up on our website! Tickets are also on sale now!! Check 'em out! winterfilmawards.com
Just woke up from a dream about dinosaurs where I kill a T-Rex in self defense and all I bring home is one of its teeth
Judy is bringing group together. Action Learning is NOT problem solving. It is framing & reframing.
Gonna go see if I can watch YouNow :)
Had a great weekend
u get to hang with Cool j lol
Shared the message re #ItGetsBetter Project today...now heading to friend's birthday party. Great weekend ahead... Enjoy all :-)
Overcoming adversity and difficult set back is part of the natural process of claiming ones championship in the game of life.
What they are doing is exactly the kind of stuff I like to hear about! Creative and different!
you kno I will , you still Jang wit angie and gabby
Check out my bro joining the Twitterverse!! Welcome :-)
Idk who are these "higher level" type people that think they got the right to say what real and whats fake
*every customer* deserves "special treatment" - not just us fools who post up on TweetBook all day
I'm been saving lives since 1978 : )
#IAdmit Sometimes. I mean always think you are annoying. But I can't tell you.
We are constantly amazed at how much great music is out there.
RT : Youth and Digital Media: From Credibility to Information Quality - New Report from the Berkman Center -...
Home sweet home.. :)
Lost in shuffle, Turner on KG: "He's a tough cat. He's hard to move. Every time you bump into him, it feels like your body gets a headache."
As author #Byron Katie would say, "how do you feel when you think this thought?". What is the result when you think this thought?
Come on Rams...You can do it!
cuz this is the last week of skool then next week i hav spring break
Falling in love with men I have never met
Massage and facial, check. Ava's midday bottle, now. Coffee on patio next. Wait, today let's call it veranda. Anniversary dinner tonight! <3
Oreos and milk before bed.
I use it for presentations. The limit isn't a problem. Wifitti is good as a parking lot for questions.
awesome! we'll be there tomorrow night. on an unrelated note: thanks for all you do. cincinnati is a better place b/c you're here.
#LMSunSIG accessibility: brown has an accessibility office (same as disability office)?
Stress has been building for quite some time now, I need to spend a day alone but I dont have time before I leave for Nashville! :/
Im so un-happy with life.
Dont try in play me because i play the game way better
>_< im ready to bounce off the freakin walls!!!!
AHAHHAHA. Poor baby. You're so slow. ;)
JG, you're the sixth brotha from another motha! :-))
You always make me feel like dummy !
While the cat's away, the mice do play.... :)
Stand 2 stave off lbs.! Research has shown u burn more calories standing vs sitting. Have a desk job?Try 2 stand while talking on the phone.
Lovely Friday
love the photos!
I'm so stress free I got nothing to rant about that's why I haven't been tweeting lately on top of being busy smh
lol ... dont sugar coat it man ,tell em the real
You smiley a smiley by : justin biber :-)
what u mean
Drinking in Chinatown
just earned $35 from a lottery my parents won for me! : D
25 days till Vegas! Can't wait. Gonna be the best valentines day EVER!
west Hollywood
the things I would do to do something in order to do something else
You have no idea how much I do for you, and you don't even care.
Tonite is paranormal night. Ghost Hunters International, Ghost Adventures, Psychic Kids, etc. A little citron/diet 7 and some ghosties. Wee!
Never hate people who are jealous of u but respect their jealousy becuz theyr Da 1s who think ur better then them
I Got it on the way for u
If you wake up tired when you think about work -- why are you wasting your life?
We justed posted "Never Let You Go Part 1"!!!! Check it out you will love it!
y'all are so funny.
Learning about hashtags vs mentions
Happy Mothers Day ! <3 : ) To al the mommys .
Boggle is exciting BECAUSE of its constraints.
so, if you're smart, #MarkLogic is hiring. DM me. I can hook you up with other smart folks who will #blowyourmind and possibly hire u :)
At the 2012 Lincoln Douglass Dinner-Craig Engle as MC. Self described as the billy Crystal of DC pols.
event Lees- "Industry Night" -they have talent up n here & they r rockn the stage & goin n on d 1s&2s
My Uncle Sam let me have 20 of them that took off vertically.
i passed my certiport test with a 775 (: #HELLYEAH!
The new drink machine thingy at moe's >>>>>>>>>>
met a nice lady and her two dogs, one had a "mohawk" haircut..we exchanged business cards and she gave me great business tips
I have to give props to Del Park's poker room....
This jet lag is making me SUPER productive! Im now up+at it by 5AM!
My son finally likes history because he got some really good teachers.
Wild Wings watching The Fight !! Whoop Whoop !
up in the sky why'd u piss in my eye? I'm missing 1700 digital books either give them back or pay me
Of course! DM me when you're ready & we'll make a plan.
When you get that spark of inspiration go for it and follow it through to the end. Imagine and feel it becoming a success!
I accept ALL invitations to connect on LinkedIn (Open Networker, Lion) No IDK Please send invitations to
If ghosts can walk through walls and glide down stairs, why don't they fall through the floor?"
speak for yourself. I can't wait until I never have to hear about Aric Anderson again!
I think I'm going to start with the SF Marathon and work my way up from there. :)
Job description uploaded for Industrial Designer job at Samsung
I already followed your twitter and blogger.I can't follow your blogger yesterday,there sth wrong with it. Now I can follow
dude remember when we was at johns funeral and yuu.hugged me when I was crien? Idk what made me think about that but I miss you!!!
S/O to my lovely NFS
Who's going to Holiday Pops tonight?
that was a bullshit call by the refs... don't even worry about it. great game.
RT : we're any of those SL roadsters the one Granny May had? She had the 280... prettiest of all of them
Love summer. Can chill in the backyard, listening to the rain, stupid, mellow. Just me & 17 mill mosquitos
be safe! <3 miss you so much
Already made kids to do all sorts of sacrifice (no arts no play)for stdrdzd tests. this is how we train docile workers
yes!!! I remember that day! Good times!!
Let's Go
It's not till tomorrow, but everyone would like to wish a #HappyBirthday !
my instapaper account has become a giant closet, packed full and about to burst at the hinges. I am afraid to open it.
Gotta love yoga
yes sir!! Caroline Rich! Boom! :)
Nice win to start it off! Squids everyone pulling for you guys, keep the updates coming...and give Kevy bear a hug for me
Dammit! "The New Ideal Retirement Age: 67" - via
Afar is looking for photographers in Beirut, Lima and Tokyo! Email me at .
sup dude
are you going to Austin's concert
yes patients will have access to their data on PHR
RT Guy in FIN310 got offered job as broker firm to trade/help manage portfolios. In our game, his gain = -70%, classic.
We love Referrals! Do you know of a business in #ABQ #RioRancho #NM that could benefit from a promotion that costs nothing up-front? DM us!
You sir, made the right call today! RT : The days of summer are coming to an end. Off to while I still can.
They didn't matter then either ": I also miss the days when the Orange, Cotton, Sugar and Rose Bowls were only ones that mattered."
That's nice. Kidney stones are worse than birth or so I hear.
At #Georgetown to kick off #GEW 2011 with , , and colleague
what hair product do you tweet of? Hope it gives Kardashian hair, not Lavigne.
#HasToBe, The Best Monday I Have EVER Had :) .
CAN U PICK UP UR PHONE MAAM?
"Marvin Matters" "Test scores up 59 points" "Don't Punish Excellence" etc
I fucking hate babysitting>.<
*** New Opportunity *** Lead Tools Programmer - Germany Award winning studio requires and experienced lead tools programmer. Get in touch…
Are those cameras a bit or are they filming a new episode of Intervention?
Coolin' out uptown with the big homie , and DJ Precision.
#60Minutes I hope they will soon hold those at SEC and Lehman Brothers accountable for their wrong doings.
Netflix is down eek. I guess it means I'll get some work done.
#wewontwork if you don't like the music I listen too.
Bc's birthday surprise: dinner at !
Appt rite now wit my bby momma..ugh
& Movin' on to something better! 😊
G+ for iOS got all dressed up. Looks amazing.
and your fifteen minutes of fame, Mr. Anderson, is up... right about now.
Brewgrrs with the babe (:
Headed to Rodgers,Arkansas ..speaking steak house 6:30 pm
Betty White reminds us that we should get #publicity for things other than ourselves. What cause is important to you? Shine your spotlight.
Dude i kinda wish I had a certain girlfriend
Why does he have to be SO HOT every day of his life.
While you want link quality over sheer number of links, plenty of sites have found that getting many links can add up.
Wishing good luck to our son today attending, Ky #JrBeta Convention and competing in public speaking.
Thanks! Can't wait for you to be my office neighbor!
Dear Easter Bunny, while I don't believe in you, I was disappointed that you briefly allowed my bottomless mimosa to hit bottom.
Thanks for the RT, sweets! Happy Friday :) How are your new digs?
when are you coming to Houston. </3
“: no nigga meaning the two of you. not as in you as well! lol” No I'm not smart it's Too
looks like you have a tiny gold peepee
. hell yeah I would! Put me on the next #Soyuz scheduled. Or at least the next one after I'd have had sufficient training :)
Fine dining? No problem, we have your 4 course meal right here - $5 wine, salads, Skillet Cookies & grape bombs.
Later tonight, a special Valentine's Day episode of SAXAppeal!
The part that cleans your pet works just like I planned. It is very effective and the dogs think they are getting a massage. Stay tuned...
such scandal on the interwebz last night... who doesn't love a
we'd love to come out there! Seriously
#Android market comment for the new game CandySwipe FREE: "Fun fun fun... LG opt t" by Melissa
This makes me think of MacGruber Day and our own lil Miss Cleo. Remember? lol
high5s back @ you.
ha! exactly.
Some believe that's a spirit passing through you. ": I hate getting the chills”
Snark? It's perfect!
FML i haven't watched yet. that scares me :/
Two kids safely out of oral surgery--praise God and thank you for prayers. Milkshakes and painkillers party right now.
I believe in God's plan of Salvation through Christ Jesus!
now that shchool is over, i can FULLY focus on baseball (y)
My neighbor, who is wonderful, just made the mistake of asking me about the Premier League finale. He damn near got the whole league history
Sleep: How important is it, how much do you need, and can you sleep too much?
Love that the storm woke me up ;/
i woke up five minutes ago and ive sneezed ten times...
#SuperBowl Seems Brady may be in a little more pain after that one than Gronkowski.
Happy Birthday Jesus. Greatest Guy Ever... All the best to you and yours!
#BOYFRIEND video is gonna be crazy good, I need it now!
I'm happy about it too!
RT : ok, that's it. I'm totally getting that tomorrow - I'll do my best to save you one. thanks.
Their loss for sure! Interested to see where you'll land. Best of luck!
Waiting for my daughter who's rehearsing role of 'Patrice' in "13 The Musical" in #sandiego while it is
:( I've come to like it in spite of myself, but only for the theatricality of Eartha Kitt...
Thanks for rockin' the house tonight at our #CS6 Launch! Lots of great info and happy clients. Cheers!
looks awesome!!
awww happy anniversary!! Love you guys!
It's time for this country to rebuild itself.
When a man talks dirty to a woman, it's sexual harassment. When a woman talks dirty to a man, it's $3.95 a minute.
whenever I see Andy Garcia in a movie, I always think you should have played his part instead.
Is it just me or was The Fray created to provide the backing tracks to the montage scenes on the finest shows the CW has to offer?
Looks like the first big spring thunderstorm is on its way #mdweather. No need to rush out of ; stay awhile!
So as I was saying about Hamilton after his second homer...
it's there!
Country Musicians including Brad Paisley, The Band Perry, Scotty McCreery performing live in MI on Jan 12th. Call for tickets: 888-493-0004
My left knee is still in pain
amazing vid my dudeness but I'm really having trouble looking u in the eyes as you sing lol just to dang sexy and to much
lmao........ there's always facebook
Good win for the Thunder. Now on to the next one. Get home court advantage and win Game 2!
Off to usher for Christmas Carol at the Alley Theater. Always gets me in the mood for the holidays.
Wow! I have over 100 Likes! What a great way to start my day! Thanks and welcome to my universe! :-)
No huge roadblocks from the city means, we are keeping up with our crazy tight timeline. Next we hear if the building's structurally sound.
...LOOK for the UNEXPECTED & AMAZING!!! As ALWAYS..." LIVE LIFE" so well, that even DEATH loves to see you "EXIST"!!!
We will be open all weekend in case you need an errand done or need something picked up or delivered.
All black leather chucks #taylor'd
I am like ranting right now. Lol
If dogs could talk it would just be awkward.
Peer-review in the Digital Humanities is necessarily not a post-mortem
cavity? Remember when we didn't have a cavity dad would take us all to the movies and we could get popcorn? cc
Free treat for mom on Mother's Day! visit Pinkberry NOLA or Mandeville w/ur family, get a free small w/purchase of equal or greater value!
: OMG, I'm a Sconnie from way back & you nailed it, except where's the Friday Fish Fry w/buttered rye bread?
and there making another one cuz of what happen at the end of the movie YouTube it
If eel ashamed about how long it's been since I've tweeted.
Happy birthday (:
it probably hadn't converted to HTML5 yet :)
movie, The Town, forces u 2 watch 15 min preview. Super annoying.
Next season Addison is pregnant by jake mark my words
But it is so worth it!
#AskSiva When will you come to Arizona ??
The head engineer is being paid $12 an hr to this day! Fuck #Paramount they charge clients $1200 a day and pay engineers $12 an hr
RT us to spread the word about AFFORDABLE therapy in #Denver!!! www.denverfamilyinstitute.org
Well, hello cold and rain. We've been expecting you.
Gah, #Florenceandthemachine's track for #SnowWhiteandTheHuntsman is more than bomb
I need 8 x
I have 3 and a 1/2 friends....how do you confuse them all?
if you're into sports, you should spend this #ff following the hottest chick in sports since -
Hostess is filing for bankruptcy?? Somewhere Little Debbie is holding her basket with a smile
10 minutes left and I never have to listen to environmental science lectures again. Might call for some #whacking off to celebrate!
Stacheford !!!! RT : oh man that was awesome
Action always generates inspiration. Inspiration seldom generates action.
SON OF A BITCH. I was ready to go to bed.
awesome. looking forward to it!
Dubix Records is looking for a Lyrical marketable artist who has STRONG content. send submissions to
uh austin said whatever and then he said bye
How is a judge like an English teacher?They both hand out long sentences.
Luv democrats but politicians talk too much
follow me pleasee im ur biggest fan and ive been with you since day 1
Still. In the office SURPRISE! But just heard our new enterprise Mac architect will be working with me....
OK. Problem *seems* solved. Repaired permissions, ran sumo, rebooted, cleared all caches, and finally narrowed prob to ONE document. Sigh.
They certainly do. But their game and style of play at least makes the unis an afterthought.
#wmnldrs audience votes 70% say women leaders require an additonal quality to be considered successful
Here is today's clue for our Santorini Sweepstakes: The winner lives near water! Like this status if you still have a chance!
Children don't need your presents, They need your presence
It's one of those days where no amount of caffeine will help bring me back to life. I need a sleep vacation.
Capt Tom Carpenter from SLDN here at rehaersal sharing info on the struggles of gays in the military.
If you love baseball in its purest form; how can you not love seeing Chipper Jones hit game winner in extra innings.
Zac Efron Gets Dirty Filming 'Paperboy' With Matthew McConaughey
I know, I saw some LRG tank tops in Macy's and started dyin' laughin' Mrs. Polk gave me the o_O...
I'm back! Better than ever
Made it through McCarran security without getting felt up. I feel jipped somehow.
its #free samples so you cant beat it...lol
We will offer a one day only special in honor of of the Dr. Martin Luther King Holiday! Check back for details!
Frisco, Colorado is seeing light snow and drizzle, but its been snowing much harder up high!
I wasn't here to read Taylors first tweet, but I'll be here to read her last tweet.
Hi, this is Jessica w/ regarding the manufacturing facility. Please contact me at Thanks:)
1,700 people came thru today and heard the gospel, went hard 4 Christ and did it big in Orlando! JESUS!!!!!
Somehow, someway, they forgot about me
20 minute warning! RT : Can't wait for Sherlock tonight on !
Thanks again! You were wonderful!
I got to get me some goddess braids but in a way that I haven't seen
Thanks for the follow guys! Be down there soon.
If some1 sends U a link that claims 2 say anything about U... DON'T click on the link or put in your password. It will hack U.
It smells like #fullsail. Good #oldtimes with
yessir .. your avi just killed me though
Remember every situation has a bright side .. It just depends on your attitude and how you look at a situation
LOVE English muffins!! :) yumyum
Enjoying the still of the night...
Still great to be watching and caring about NY basketball.
for the bomb!!!! Overtime
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection. Buddha
omg I know! That face is just PERFFFFFF.<3
Needed a Python dxf parser earlier in the week. Surprised there wasn't more out there. Rolled my own - easier than I thought for polygons.
Good morning twittheads!
Fashoo, love you too!
hanging with Red :)
My sister wants to go to Wal-Mart.. Today of all days. Ha! It's not last minute for us though since we aren't having Christmas until my
Some day love will find you, break the chains that bind you.
havent been on twitter in awhile and this new layout is confusing me lol!
Things that distract me while packing: guitar tabs and seeing if I remember the few chords I learned (I do!). Need to restring my guitar...
Sign me up for Spring Break!
were working on our dream job. It will come.
yes you are ;)
whoa...I am too hype.. found my outfit for the album photo shoot... now some ill shoes..
James Harrison back at practice today, who didn't see that coming
New Sexual Harassment courses being released today by
Laundry is so much more fun and interesting when you're drinking rum :) Prepping for a long, fun week
i enjoyed this evening with you:) good times forsure!
Have you been keeping up with our updates on the cool vendors we'll have at #CraftinCarnival?
damn some cheese cake sounds really good right about now
watching girls softball on mute
foodsmart has great stuff for your barbeques, daily walks, trip to the office and for nice dinners. Enjoy all the new stuff we are bringing!
This tea is amazing.
The consciousness behind skynet? RT : I think 's twitter feed has become self-aware
