That's disappointing. You should put it out somewhere else; I'd like to read it. Do you have a blog or equivalent?
I hope Elton John is preparing an appropriate memorial song in tribute to Starburns.
Family's home, dinner's in the oven, and the sun is going down. Shabbat shalom, hey!
Thanks JO!
Only 3 more days to go......I hope to see every one at the Magic Bag on Thursday night to celebrate during the holiday season.
we'll see
Art urges voyages - and it is easier to stay at home
“Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more” Anthony Robbins
I just learned that and was blown away. And it wasn't just the Nazis but Hitler himself that came up with the idea.
A virus going around through DM. If you receive something from me that sends you to a blog about you, delete it. Don't even open the note.
Watch this space. ;)
Charm City, here I come!
Well I'm back home at my hotel!!
aw thanks sweetie
I want to know how many tweets it will take to get you to follow :) On 20 somethin right now.
Lou's ass.
yea thats probably why! :\
Yeah. I sent him one a while ago. But its whatever
La premiere de ma piece de theatre. On a encore 3 representations. Et cool pour la carte :-)
I feel you .
Urban Meyer to Ohio State? Urban is an Ohio native...
": Some people are just full of excuses & broken promises *shrugs*"
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought it was lame and boring! I was wrong !!
morning to you. I still waiting for my sleeping pill to kick in cuz its 315 here. might not get to sleep till a little after 4
Must trudge through my assigned readings, type e-mails, prepare for a major project and just hope my chiropractor can see me tomorrow.
Hey, if your name is Geoff, man up and pronounce it jee-off.
Typical Savas... came to the wrong cinema :-( I meant to watch Hugo 3D but am now watching the bad Starwars Ep1 3D again. Geeking out :)
I'm bored by their date....
Gideon Toolbox for Public Defenders, wiki like system for adding PD resources.
How many hats can one wear at one time?
Why do we bust our ass to get to a doctor's appointment on time when we have to wait anyway?
Can I sense the "I am" my essential beingness.My essential identity as consciousness itself.In the background of my life?Yes I CAN, can you?
I know I know, its me, you don't have to tell the world.. XD
All mahomies!!!!! Please tweet me questions and I'll make a video and post it on a certain page or maybe on my YouTube and I'll answer them
torn pectorals (Hortford), severely sprained ankles (Allen), etc. 's getting a pass. More concerned w/K than the team.
But guys, we all have good reasons to dislike slutlena, even jasmine.
We are at Sunset and Valley View today And Closed on Friday July 3rd! Elvis dog-Banana, peanut butter and bacon. Its a favorite!
What's your favorite song/s by fall out boy
Doesn't it seem like NASA could be brought in on the Gulf disaster? Their engineers MUST be better than BP's.
RT Smashing Niketown windows? Come on guys, the new Seahawk uniforms are kind of cool. Complete over-reaction.
You're welcome. Great article!
You don't look as good as your FB pics! ;/
Really 11:09pm, why can't day start here.
Will you ask Bobby to tell Aiyegbusi thanks for getting my hat out of the trash after it mysteriously made it onto the field Sat
No doubt, every time I do hear it no matter how few and far between it always puts me in a better mood.
#Success only happens after failed attempts !
Its okay for my to complain about my life but when you do it its so annoying.
I am incredibly tired.
I'm at a SuperBowl party full of Saints fans and no 1 wants my $14 action for the Colts to win straightup.I guess the fans are 1/2 assed too
#PeytonManning to become a #Titan? Whaddaya think?
Anyone catch the quarter finals of sony erickson? Rafa was a force and took out tsonga, who didn't play his best. Bye bye Jo.
Sometimes you gotta turn your anthropology off! lol
New Sherlock is it Season 2 or 3? I saw 1n I'm dying 2 see Season 2. Finish Season 3 of Dr Who Biggest shock: The Fave of Boe
although I enjoyed losing my virginity, not my iPhone!
Hahaha ill let you know how it goes for me LOL! so far its ok! :) just trying to figure out when ppl tweet me !
doing this computer assignment.
Wynnicism#4: If u lack the creativity so much that instead of using plethora of expletives ur saying "Jesus Christ" ur PATHETIC
Sorry to my followers who I have blankly tweeted. I'm really not sure how it happened haha
When did u change ur Twitter name??
Wear the #cream&crimson with pride. Can you name the winners of ’s 49 Olympic gold medals?
I agree with this Melia! Booty if you don't put yourself first they'll walk all over you. New year = foot down :)
You've been this active on Twitter until now without a smartphone? Few make it that far, I feel like.
Why do you want to be a writer?
i guess that im playing hide and seek with and my little brother lol
prob will do something for mothers day
i been good dass wassup which mall u aT
Good Morning
Oh, wow, lol. Even 27 followers is a lot for me. ^▼^
Break my heart once, Shame on YOU, Break my heart twice, Shame on ME, Break my heart 749 times, please bring me lots of #Beer!
Galatians 6:9, "Let us not grow weary in well-doing, for in due season we shall reap if we do not lose heart."
"If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade." -
"Only love is all maroon - Gluey feathers on a flume. Sky is womb and she's the moon." ::bon iver::flume::
Cool Citrus Basil is as popular fragrance. Cool and refreshing with just a hint of sweetness.
Oops! Forgot to add the hashtag
I can't listen to dubstep when I drive. I keep having to pause the song because I think my engine is exploding.
I'm like.... reeeeeeeeeeelly hungry.
It's the start of NATOgeddon week!
for at whatever point you judge the other, you are condemning yourself, because you who pass judgment do the same things. -Romans 2:1
You know you were flattered.
No worries. Are you in the land down under? How I would love to make it down there some day.
You'd think that the money Trustwave is extracting from their little racket that they'd at least hire some competent UX people.
*reads headline* "Limp Bizkit signs to Young Money" *face is frozen in confused disbelief* Misery loves company? Idk what to tweet.
most of the time I'm shocked at how loaded the questions are. I read it: ARE YOU F%&*KING SERIOUS?!
Couldn't have asked for nicer weather today. Love celebrating with family.
It's official. The "Committee to Elect Ross L. Pike" does now exist! It feels nice to actually have an official campaign committee. :)
To live dis life i need a heartbeat
I'm going to Times Square today! Yeeeee!
:) Hope you and Mick are celebrating Valentine's Day, sweetie. Much love!
I think today is the day I learn how to ride a scooter...
Thanks! 435 happens to be my favorite number.
thx! ": For all my girls #WomenWineWednesday "
also, as a quick aside, customs in Nassau has got to be staffed by the most miserable, rude low-lifes I've ever seen. it's like they (cont)
What a fun afternoon at the Inner Harbor with Mom & Steph. Getting cultured at the Walters then a fun lunch & walk around Baltimore.
thank you ima need that luck lol
believes that sharing is caring...
In my 3rd week of chemo & radiation. All is going well so far. :-)
like the beer!
Change your routine this weekend. Get outside. Remember, things that matter most must never be at the the mercy of things that matter least.
Gotta get out of bed smh
GASP are you cheating on Tarra? lol
Jinsu needs to run far away and never return.
oh neat!
Not that I like One Direction. But their vocies are actually good. If you watch videos of them singing they are good.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout. - Play Alganon
Are you tweeting from upstairs? I miss you Pedetra!
get me some pita chips. and a large beer.
Yes it was a hell of a series & hey, losing 3 of the 4 games in OT means it was close
joshua singing "mans world" the performance was iconic!!!
SHE TELLS HIM SHE'S IN CHURCH, BUT SHE DOESNT GO, STILL SHE'S ON HER KNEES, AND SCOTTY DOESN'T KNOW!
Really need to get out of this funk. It's really annoying me now.
If you open a few miles south, I'm there.
dude everyday maybe throw in a thank you
Get inspired and don't miss Healthful Indian Flavors with Alamelu today! At 12:30PM on MPTV 10.
definitely interested but still haven't left work. What time are you thinking?
Can't stress how much that means.
jus got some hard ass beats in....dro we in there its time to eat
Buff, I have you pegged as a fairweather fan.
Tonight we are young
#IfIDontGetBelieveTickets i will be depressed cuz this would be the second time i wouldnt get to see him :/ but i'll be in Boston all day!!
I am in a responsible conduct of research session. For grad students only! (?)
It's always a process when deciding which location we should go to...
i hear about a perfect game.. good job buddy
Discovered I marked my calendar wrong and have to work part of Good Friday and Easter Monday. LOVE my jobs but wish I had time for rest.
4 hours of fun can change lives tinyurl.com/3gu5742
you can do it mama.
what are u tlkin bout?
thank you for coming!!
Sounds fishy. Don't tell your employer. :)
A BIG Happy Thanksgiving to all of you and a happy packers WIN day.
I'm convinced the Repubs are on suicide watch, they really want to lose bad in Nov. if they pick Santorum
I think I'm gonna go visit London in November. I've never been overseas...I'm told tall people are more common over there.
Video Editing Made Easy For The Complete Novice by lancecarr
air conditioning seems to be out on car 01858 - currently alewife bound out of park st.
This has to be the busiest week of my life! Gahh, So stressed and SUPER tired!
Im nobodys maid...i have enough to do already
I caught that too. Very strange.
Thank you! is the real genius, I just happened to make some bacon caramel and banana stuff. :)
Why tell me to come at a specific time for an appointment when I'm sitting here for 45 minutes...kk
Thanks for the RT!
And finally the Michelangelo Baconioni: a sweet potato and bacon pancake with honey butter and maple syrup.
I know right! Lol
I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day
Im broke... Like mc hammer broke
Cannot wait for punkd with,my boy
I am following. Looking forward to updates. " thanks Renee. Follow us for live updates until we start our investigation."
Nice call...what has he won again....nothing!
just got the first order of #Giants Superbowl champs apparel! Sweet!
you don't have to !
#TacoTuesday fish tacos!! Yummy!!!
haha we wouldn't have any clue!
I Love It<3
I hear Ariel's fishy in between the legs.
Stubborn ass
thatll happen in a couple of minutes I'm sure!!(;
iu so much! ~mahomie4life~
Thank you for responding!
#FotoWeekDC learning about social impact through photography from
It's pretty out :) might get cam early and take him to the beach or park
Disseminate info about our resources to dispersed communities, connect to communities within social media one use case
Wow! That's close - hooray for
#replacebandnameswithpancakes "Panic! at the Pancakes"
This white lady on the car next to us thinks she thuggin bumpin sum lil wayne dancin up on her prius..lol
Whoa, just joined Twitter.
sorry for the delay, meetings all day!! (still sitting in one but a but ADD) great to meet, Heidi! Thx Sara :)
Bouta go get my girl from work and go have dinner!
what that suppose to mean?
“ Take yo tittys out when u smoke wit me bitch.... With all due respect.”
Check out this SlideShare presentation : Ologie Social Media Presentation://bit.ly/9ktotp
To most Christians, the Bible is like a License Agreement. Nobody really reads it. They just scroll to the bottom and click "I Agree"
I think your father in law is heading down too. Hoping to meet up with them amidst the thousands! :)
Can't wait for Des Moines. Had tix in Den AND Omaha got sick & missed both shows! See you front row center in Des Moines!!
every time you tweet about a 'tall Fiji' I want to punch you in the face
An idiot who lives down the hall. Its the same guy who becomes "Jew Claw" when he is drunk lol
With you,shawty with you. With you,shawty with you. Under the mistle toe <3
MTV'S Jam Of The Week: Aww Yeah "
Yay for CFPB. Disappointed they're telling us they have no jurisdiction over federal tenant protection law.
for all my followers that interested to know that as of right now #SpiritLance is about 78 pages long this is short but it is a E Book.
I think the single shittiest thing you can do is fire up a leave blower outside someone's window at 8 am.
ikr-really in brooklyn but...
Giving up voting for Tech in the game day poll. Now voting for Nebraska.
Let the side chick meet the family! Who does that! Crazy
#sometimesyouhaveto laugh at yourself even when you feel like crying. better than looking like a baby..
Blasting Above The Broken.
Sitting in the gym parking lot this morning & noting how few cars there were made me realize that gyms really do count on you not showing up
Look, sir! Droids!
RSVP: Smuggler Films
Time for next project - updating to the latest creative suite.
"Just because you have imperfections doesn't mean your imperfect. It's something unique about yourself" - that was so cute.
LOL i have no idea how to react to this,
remeber that quote from for may 18th :)
It's still raining outside
Awesome night at the WPA with
#littlemonsters Let's help get the 200th follower. Paws up! ("") ("")
Retweet if u love Justin Bieber!!!!!
#ForeverFly RT : Follow Clothing line in the CHI. They're creating a fly movement in our community
Actually, 30K USD/yr suffices if you manage to keep your burn rate under 2K a month, even in NYC as I do.
So done with school.
Durbin warming in the bullpen for the Indians -- A's lead 3-2 in the 6th #MLB #A's
the thing is in order to even be considered in legit auditions you need to have a resume with past experience (like classes n
Father's Day- the wife runs a triathlon starting at dawn, Fantasy Poker League at Bikinis in Austin.
GET THE FUCK TOGETHER ALREADY #KNICKS CMON! THE GAME IS NOT OVER!
drinking American coffee in a London mug while waiting to watch Germany play for third place in the world cup.
I dont think austin notices me:/
I am not sure if that's good or not. Ha
OMG! is appearing at the Birchmere on 2/10! That Is All... that I need to be happy right now. :)
That's why Melo shoots so damn much he is alone STAT ain't shit!
I have a major academic deadline every week from now until Thanksgiving. It's go time.
Just woke from a Lil nap...
#FF He's awesome and my bracelet buddy! :)
in 2012, ports do not need to be numbers nor to be limited.
is there alcohol involved? Greetings from crap ref baseball ;)
your welcome... keep me in mind!!
Nice Idea! RT : I try and wake up early to have a few moments to myself! Usually helps me throughout the day!
“: "People are just as happy as they make up their minds to be." Abraham Lincoln - Happy Birthday Abe!”
Justin BIEBER and Selena GOMEZ both got fire on stage- how sweet!
“: great lunch!”---next month to be even better!
off to NYC for the weekend, with a brief stop in Brunswick, NJ to see one paper at
Responded to VACATE @ 141 East 95th St, Brooklyn, NY 11212. Red Cross auto update.
Jennifer's little girl is extra cute
youre twitter handle and you're practice...as a structure guy, primarily plaintiff, checked your website...well done!
Hey Baby Girl, hope u r feeling better. Take care of yourself. U gotta b there for the little one..your legacy. God bless
This dude is a mess.
lol. has a certified Twitter account... (Minnesota's Governor) does NOT.
Can't wait to see the new digs, neighbor. :)
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer. -George S. Patton
yeah I know
love the Bayshore, need to call them about next Sat. Missing their balconies!
💓💙💜💓beat Sunday morning in a while
jus kids these days the decisions they make and things they do...
#civilwar quote of day. CSA diary. 8/61. 'this revolution was only begun-we should soon have washington & the northern states!'
This dude on the bus with a lazy eye is staring at me. Or is he?
not a problem:D
Dreams aren't easily obtainable, that's why we call them dreams.
The crank 2 drinking game, yay!
If I do asia well be the 1st one to cry
yes, in that a-holes like that dude can only be found in the first world
Now have 2 wait till Monday after next 4 "grand new plan" frm obama?Is he kidding-waited 4+ weeks-& more waiting?We needed jobs yesterday!!
Thanks! These are fun!
Okay, on to better thoughts, did someone say Chowdah?? Chowdah Fest 2night 6:30 & more!
The mountains of Idaho (Sun Valley) for a few months doing some social media consulting while I apply for jobs in SF, DC, Denver!
RT : congrats to for winning 1 million from Chase Bank!!! thanks to everyone for voting.
I could use a foot rub, but I suppose that's out of the question.
The only thing wrong with that jet is that it's heading to Chicago. :p
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Arnold Palmer tea, and are making this sick day a whole lot better.
Rubicon, for as long as it was alive.
« « Ayee , You’re not ready for your next if you’re still trying to impress your ex.»»
Felt like having ice cream for dinner but heard in my head yelling "don't do it!!"
And I'm out...before I'm bored to death
i already saw it :P
i started off as a battle rapper i will ruin yo local buzz u fuckn dirt feet... niqqa from yo hood telling u let it lone take the advise
: #NowWithAlex.Is just like the GOP/misquoting LIAR! Defending a group who could care less for his rights!
thanks Dakota ☺
ur happy face is facing 2 the right not 2 the left.Unless u ARE Greyson&u switched ur happy faces so we wont know its u :O
Bed! Very long day
Happy 4th of July every one! Looks like rain here today, but there's always hope that the sun will come out and it will be a nice day!
S/O to go follower since u ain't doing nothing with yall lifes
Vixen's Mixins creates a line of cupcake mixes with as few as 60 calories! Check them out for yourself at www.treatdujour.com
can I just mention its not May...
please follow ! its JADENS OFFICIAL ARMY! Tell your followers to do the same <3 thanks! OH! and they follow back!!!
#buffs! Let's do this! Sweet 16 sounds incredible!
ur just a little excited about this huh
& of course Damian is late
add #M83 to your list!
Playing some games. :)
I can't front its not looking good for #HeatNation 5pts for Wade -_-, 1 rb for Joel Anthony compared to Hibbert's 18 smh
have some time, but also encore so most people default to that
Well I don't have an angelic rocker voice like some lucky people... ;)
Arthur Conan Doyle You do not lead by hitting people over the head - that's assault, not leadership.
Good luck to #bradpickett tonight on his #UFC bout. Bring it home for
Tons of food and tons of #basketball! Ahh
Tonight was the best.
let me help you find a costume! i can compile a list of options and even pick up for you. dm me and we can discuss
Ah it is you Zhuge, I kind of thought :) Good to see you out supporting Destiny of an Emperor as always HUO HU lol...
It's Free for All Friday with Jeffrey Magee and Cheryl White. Touching on the untouchable topics! Join us!
If you got a DM from me saying that someone was saying stuff about you... delete it... It's a spam don't click the link... Thanks
i hope nothing like that ever happens to anybody i care about... life is crazy
Darnell topping out at mid 80s. Chris Davis nearly hit 90. Interesting...
Well, I didn't win the lottery. Guess I'm going to work tomorrow
YES I do!! I meant like a second job. Lol. Don't worry.
Is it just me, or does it look like Jonah Hill is choking with that bow tie?
If I had my headphones I would listen to
Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answers. ~William S. Burroughs
Finally escaped the #Pentagon for a #lunchdate & had my first Salad today. Chesapeake Bay Cobb was fantastique!
haha so old school
Seeing The Raven instead of The Avengers. Lol
Its beginning to look a lot like Christmas... jk its Halloween
Your not the only one...
We're supposed to be impressed? Every other coach, good or bad, will be doing the same thing
I is good. taking pain pill today, like randomee But good.
#FF to one of the coolest cats on the Twitters!
The crew is not going to be the same without !
Tomorrow night: i'll be performing at Luther's Table in Renton, WA (419 S. 2nd St). Shows starts at 7:30pm. Blessings.
It seems like its so hard for people to be original these days.
as in that's what's up on the tweet
You got a single called "Whippin' Tha Lac" and you had to call baby momma to take you to the radio station...
did I say he was Mexican?
Sometimes I Rhyme Slow Sometimes I Rhyme Quick
so happy for u 2 congrats
I was wavering, but he looked a little too much like Tom Cruise RT : and you didn't stop to offer him coffee?
But it's hard out here for a pimp so I understand..
. no worries but let's figure out the wiki setup and getting more work done there - so we can help each other better!
whoa there. It hasnt been THAT long, but phones work 2 ways, shawty.
yea if i go to twitter web it's fine. Weird.
Free Prescription Discounts - Savings up to 28% - Target - VICODIN -
Got the Jackie Brown OST for the ride.
69% of people will find something sexual in a Tweet
It seems like Monday evening works for everyone. Location TBD. 7:00pm?
Negative emotions such as anxiety and depression can weaken your immune system.
feel the <3
hm I really have to think about this!
I dislike today. Make it better, universe!
have any cookies?!
when you sleep someone else is working #(KD)MindSet
I'm about to be real #haitian and throw my slipper at the television
Sure! Could you tell me more about what you're looking for? Is this for an occasion? Theme? $ point! Etc
I'm super active and in shape it takes hard work to sit on the couch and eat chips...I can't reach the remote, man I need 2 get outside more
I was surprised more people didn't fall asleep lol. And you should have tried harder!!
Swinging on a swing set
Woohoo! Am I a party animal on Friday nights, or what?
Great tweets coming out of #ASTD2012 Wish we were there! Thanks to all the tweeple sharing.
I prefer the seething jealousy I feel while watching International, too.
Bi-Weekly meeting tonight 7:30pm. Come help unload a literal car load of tools and new toys from his car.
#quotes #history Let thy step be slow and steady, that thou stumble not. Ieyasu Tokugawa - samurai (first shogun of Japan)
My bf gon miss the heat game smh I don't feel like hearin about this
Our offense is in fire!! Run production....great at bats....pop ups....glad we have JV on the hill!
Good weed. Red slurpies. We drive in the night time.
Don't think so…they're gradually switching us all over. I am taking the plunge first :(
shoulda song a diff song he was good until a bitch became a problem 2night.
you'll love it. Positively beautiful there.
Student Quote: "I love chess. I would sure want chess to be born." - Christian, 7
I just stopped watching. Can't do it anymore.
She's happy to make a pair of pants for you, or at least sew its seams.
Love the Eagles!
What that is?
yes!!!! We most def should!
I am so not in the mood for anything today..... Including this seminar
BREAKING: Potential presser tomorrow for all 5 UK underclassmen.
The age long question...Mac or PC?
Dance Classes are Back at Stage 7: February 12th, 19th, 26th - I am back on my regular teaching schedule - let's get our groove back
Love the new website very fun & colourful! See you in Agoura Hills sometime soon. If not The Grove.
Love the fact from now on i wake up everyday after 10
twitter's #bootstrap 2.0 is annihilating my world and then methodically reconstructing it in front of my eyes.
In Tom Brady We Trust!
Ten #art pieces are up and for sale now at Flying Fish #Coffee in Mt. Pleasant! Check it out and let me know what you think!
Take my belt off bitch I'm pootie tang tippie tow tippie tay you gon get a tip today ...Fuck tht you gon get some dick today ..
#ThoughtsWhileRunning I have to pass that guy that's ahead of me
thanks for you! This year I streamed you while doing taxes & tax world doesn't seem so tedious now. I finally have a solution....
Happy birthday Callan Carter! Welcome to the world!
join us at the ritz in warren on march third!!!!!!
yea bro
Cool! Steelers get Gay!
OMG!! Just got like the best surprise ever! I have 6 A's and 1 B so far in my classes GOD ANSWERED MY PRAYER!!!!!!!!! Praise God!! =)
I heart you Rangers!
Flip cup FTW! I think that I'll pass on the Simpler Times this time though. ; )
Nice to see CEO and CFO of Manpower take the Hiawatha train to Chicago as well
Oh, ouch and um, yay?
good luck tonight!!!
Who doesn't love Dr. Seuss?? Storytime reading of THE LORAX! Sat, 2/25 from 9 -11am at all Target stores. Goody bags, book specials & more.
B Roy is my homeboy
With pineapple salsa RT : Fish tacos by far!
I am a personal assistant looking for work based in LA - moving from NYC after 15 years to CA. Have exp.
look at Jeter's stats this year and over last 160 games. One of best in game at SS. Fact
Hedwig and the Angry Inch tonight at the Cha Cha Lounge. Happy Hour All Night!!!
And the more booze for me (when I crash the festivities)! ;)
lol what's Lala's world? I don't have TV.
MCR is also amazing live :) lol! I'm so jealous!!! :P But i'm gonna try to go see Incubus at the end of September! :)
ok I got u
almost 200 followers!
That's a lot of kid movies! Also, just wanted to say thanks for the Bandcamp recommendation! Really appreciate it. :)
I guess you still don't get so lets take it from the top, you asked me what my sign is and I told you it was stop.
The left is taking way too much pleasure in reporting this.
You injured yourself in a rock climbing accident so now you're taking up gardening? Great idea!
Peeling an orange
The way One Direction says ' hair ' >>>> (:
As of know is the #1 guy in my Life <3 "*
IBB Cutch if you are the Stros? I would
This Saturday is going to be a party at Numbers! Ask us for tickets! Can't wait or turkey day next week! M...pumpkin pie!
Dave Dahl's skin cancer scare. What Dave ignored that you shouldn't. Plus Dave's recovery tonight on KSTP-TV at 10.
I still have no idea where it's all going. What is the right thing what is the wrong think.
lol we already know RT : hm. Sounds like something we want in on lol.
|#quotes We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.
I'm excited to see my girl #NataliePortman tonight. #Oscars She's still my #1 celebrity crush.
5 tweets later...[END RANT]
I just finished cutting the grass. I feel Mexican. X)
“: April 17 and my farmers tan is looking nice already.” Same brotha...
see see, u done got yo ass in some shit now! just go wit niggas. damn smh....lol
Quintilian~ Nothing can be pleasing which is not also becoming.
Hey ! Your Local on the 8's said it's sunny (it's not) and your radar shows it's raining (it's not.) What gives?
Thx for a great party last night - you & Michael are great! Have a good weekend. Let's get together soon.
what up
"She tweets like dumb things I say..." - coworker
Ryan Braun MVP speech page 5-career has been done with that respect and appreciation in mind. And that is why I'm so grateful and humbled
After watching the pageant again with national directors , it came out that phillipines was the one whose answer was the best!
RT ": You are pretty. yes, YOU." Seriously, Brandon is one of the sweetest guys ever. (:
shoutout to my new follower! mahalo, one love!
Chilling on this front porch while arianna sleeps <3
Anyone know where I can pick up an intravenous time released coffee monitor? Then I be good
#SO to #nf...Tight Work Bro!!!
thought yous were from Jersey? I need the new record!
National Movement strategy says we kindle small groups, communication networks, capable leaders, mobilizing leaders
In the office fine tuning tomorrows upper body strength training workout for the Mens Basketball team. I LOVE putting my knowledge to use!!!
I'm sorry.. agreed about what?
Try our new classes today in South Miami! Power Yoga w/ Ashley - 4:30pm & Budokon Yoga - 2pm!
#FF back at you, SDH! Was so good to see you today. :)
Drive from WV to Florida<<<<
Cool kids can't die.
Many people play sports bt i love to dance.
On my way back from fishing :) and miss her like crazy<3
two Weeks frm tomorrow! Still waiting for the social media pin to come in!
lol I miss u too Tallahassee SUCKS right now
hm I think that'll blow me up. Prolly gonna need something lighter lol
I can be so girly! #uh RT : ...and with the girliest excuse to get out of a meeting. I'm actually a little proud.
There was nothing that even came close to seeing him kick that dirt on the umps.....oh the memories!
Remembering I have walked along the top of an aqueduct where the water used to run...
I felt all left out, not tweeting about anything so heres my black friday tweet! with and
how's your final4
Fast action by Clay County Hospital Emergency team helps save a life
Send your funniest pet photo. Make your furry friend a star. Win a free grooming from Paw Wash Plus. www.itsyourhometrinity.com
Oh my drunk people i forgot today was tequila sunrise until i walked downtown!
I think the word casual just doesn't sit well with me. On the whole, I believe in all kinds of potentialities.
So many sad Bills stats crawling across the screen. *sad trombone*
Essay: Supporting A Daughter's Love for Superheroines (While Wishing There ... - The Mary Sue
Where do broken hearts go?💔💔💔😢
Breathe in . Breathe out.
I really could have let Saturday come to a close without discovering my corgi "investigating" an injured bird.
Set your goals high.. then exceed them!
Outstanding ~ are very Legendary Victorians give amazing tweets to everyone daily. They're truly beautiful ♥ :)
Couldn't agree more about heel striking when running....heels are for walking!!
You, too. And get some sleep.
I live on the edge, I don't get ready for work until I have 8 minutes left to get ready for work! BLAMMO! Take that, work!
Presenting the colossus: Norma Jean, For Today, Sleeping Giant, The Chariot, War of Ages, Close Your Eyes, Texas In July and more July 20!
Whoa der sexy momma
Could the former DTP femcee be announced into Rozay's MMG fold today? Rumored reports are saying just that...
I love my chicken, cluck cluck cluck! You eat my chicken, I mess you up!!
Stay strong brother. Those Boston fans are intense!
Bout to got to bed
Beat dat beat up ;D
At stenys having dinner and beer going out with my dad tonight.
I said. Scuse me yur a hellova guy, I'm mean my my my like pelican fly <3
Just let it go...
ask :P haha sorry, I'm just too lazy to answer
looking forward to having you in the office this week and getting going on #Spokaneweek and
and I will come out for a few days 100%.
my first double header is tomorrow. I hope I make it to the 2nd game
Not that I doubt Bauerlein's estimate!
When you have more fouls than points, you know it's been a tough night.
shot being Lauri
Well 4 mothers day tomorrow suggest the restaurant where richard works just saying
Over $15000 raised last night for the hunger task force. Thank you to everyone that came out. Merry christmas!
delete this account and start following me on this account. alik_rainey Thank you
Beautiful day for a frapp from our #starbucks in the Lobby- corner of Tijeras and 3rd
I'm on Google+ now. If you are, let's connect.
Oh my god, when the hell did I say that?! That must've been so long ago!
I want to punch 'that guy' who yells, "Get in the hole!" the second after a putt gets struck.
thanks for the shoutouts..you guys rock!
this is your iphone, so I command you to tickle me again by tweeting #mahomies:D it was funn!
RT : Grateful to see The Island President tonight @ SF Green Film Fest. Go See It!!
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe rude people
last season=sad thoughts. Way too good of a show.
yeah...everyone was staring at us with pity. In Red Robin...which is pretty sad.
I bet I hate it more...there needs to be a law
You know bitch ass pokemon's attack will be gettin' lower when I bust out growl!
omg it should be a holiday right! Lol j/k you cut your hair?
A girl doesn't need to tell you straight up how she feels. It's written all over the way she acts when you're around.
what is Peter Chernin up to?
Is Always Right ! :D
Out for a run...catch me if you can (actually I'm a pretty slow runner, so you probably could)!
Wow! Good job. Ohm Shanti!
": Yes I’m smiling, but you’re not the reason anymore."
Tasting my way through the Bourbon Trail in KY today.
That's Devils hockey. Own the boards, win the game. Two more periods. Keep the energy up!
Ba da ba ba ba
I am getting wired up at Wired Magazine for my reaction to the #Superbowl commercials. What I did for love! #superbowl ads
In the spotlight, prepare for those who want to: block it, steal it, stunt it, share it, redirect it, or shine it brighter. Learn who's who.
THAT IS LUCAS VERCETTI AND HE IS A BEAUTIFUL CREATURE.
Tuesday, love your style! Making it happen. Leading the team to victory. Ah...just continually adding to the reasons I adore you! :-)
I feel bad for not liking Hesher because I love Natalie portman and JGL so much. Their acting was great but I just didn't like the story.
Excited for summer? ME TOO!!!!
Happy Syttende Mai to all back in mother country Norway. INDEPENDENCE!! Miss you all and see you in August for new record and tour.
The #Marlins have lost a few games. They're also having managerial problems. Get it together fins!
Sidecut again soon. \m/
I like horror and dram and mysteries what about u
thanks for those RT's!
where IS everyone today? are we the only ones working?
Downhill Xtreme - Universal - HD Gameplay Trailer - progress lighting arts
Irony-the religion teacher telling students to download her son's explicit lyric songs
Things we do...
I sure could use your magical hangover-destroying burger right now.
well thank you sweets! (: YOU'RE cute!!
F the Lakers, y'all the Heat.
At California Women Lawyers dinner in Monterey. Women rock. :)
Well, this is a portmanteau to end them all. RT Abysscotheque.
Thanks, Allan. My week has ended with me in high spirits. Looking forward to a wonderful weekend. Enjoy yours too!
Where's jessica she's the only one I care about
thas a lucky ass bitch.
I'm ProudOfAl .....who the hell is Al???
wow nice choice of words there lol xD
Where was my high five? I feel cheated.
Made it back home to the heat box. Thanks again Canada for your warm hospitality and cool temps.
hey hope your doing well, are you still in the burgh?
Just got the #NewNewTwitter. Going to take some getting used to but I like it so far.
Your my other half my soul mate I love u so much and u mean everything to me Tu eres el amor de mi vida Te Amo<3
that bone is rather.....impressive!
yayyy.uhmmm.sunday? at church..but.i dont know if im going sunday! so maybe in a week! LOL!
I love you too.
RT I wonder if John Roberts & other SCOTUS justices have headaches from everyone reading their minds so much lately.
RT : Instagram is now in a relationship and it's complicated.
Happy V Day!!!
Sent Over a Couple of Posts to , Closing In On #NewBiz and Making Strides w/Some Member of the Press
Tune in today at 9 to see Rania cooking a recipe inspired from a 1928 KDKA Radio cookbook!
Newsletter hit a few bumps as well, but still remaining hopeful, blog will (hopefully) get better now that I have more time...
Has anyone read STARTERS? I keep hearing about it.
now playing " the last song " by on #ulr www.urbanlatinoradio.com
The drop bid system for Sharp Equity is up and running! This will position them to dominate the wholesale market. Congrats Team!!!
Jail is not the answer for drug addicted children.
#EDSHOW NEWT has no sense of reality when it comes to poor people. What a loser!!
i seriously need out of this place. its more than i can bare. i wonder if my mother would let me live with her i really hope so im miserable
I'm just holding on because my faith in God is just that strong.
You're very welcome. : )
#nyy #yankees Have EVERY player on the team learn how to BUNT, and then execute at the appropriate time... LIKE WHEN YOUR DOWN 3 BOTTOM 8
Adding all sorts of fall merchandise from #Carhartt, #Key, #Dickies etc. So excited to wear long sleeves & layers again!
As I look back now, I laugh because there was never any real reason to be threatened by you. I will always be better than you.
A successful life doesn't require that we've done the best, but that we've done our best. -H. Jackson Brown
Have been taking advantage of all this great weather? What is your favorite thing to do outside? Hike? Bike? ???
Why do #cops drive like #assholes?! Even when they aren't chasing anyone.
Even though we didn't reach 3,000 followers on Facebook, we are still going to select one FB follower tomorrow and send them a KoreFit!
My mind goes so many directions in a matter of seconds
Thanks so much for coming! Contact us directly if you have questions, .
I love it I love it I love it, when you eat it
do I need to come regulate on some people ?
I hate how Subway only give you 1 napkin
You go through guys crazy fast. You just use them. That's a maneater. What's your definition of the word?
i replied to your text from 5:59 n never got texted back smh
#TweetandEat panel is about to begin SIS room 233
What the Haps on the Craps Otown,Is there anything good to listen to in the evening.. Cant Find Shit To Chill and Listen Too
plz don't quit the Austin Mahone story on YouTube
Thanks for the birthday lovin everybody! I appreciate ya ;)
I look forward to debating Tammy Baldwin on the very moral principles of our philosophies - Eric Hovde
I'm not living if you're not by my side.
Forbes tried 2 claim Sac is 1 of most miserable cities - We BEG TO DIFFER Tweet/post why they're wrong, our reason: KICKBALL
Does anybody remember the funny twitpics I used to tweet?
'Mahogany tide' of algae turning harbor murky - Baltimore Sun
p. 5 WashPo Sunday Style has light, interesting article on the Libyan-URL shortening connection--left URL long...
Where are you?
With Michael.(:
can't believe hasn't tweeted at yet
Finished 18th for just above min cash...but hey atleast it's another strong run! Keep it going!
I think you are so pretty! Can you follow me? (: and did you and Austin really date?
wow...did chris mathews ever miss the mark in his interview with michelle rhee
Wow, you're the rebound for a piece of produce.
alright. thanks. its 11pm and I'm just starting to make this formula sheet.
“: Writing about happiness while sipping on chai tea outside of school..I feel sophisticated. #content” 
Are you in Vancouver at ? Stop by and visit the IEM booth! We are located in the Exposition Hall at Booth
/// Niggas wait on a new invented dance nowadays....
I wanted to introduce you to an incredible metal guitarist
Because we obviously arent anymore..
Ill work hard and be ready! Just keep pushing me =] I know Ill be happy in the end no matter what the outcome maybe <3
correct greed kills
Greece Needs Believe tour :), Tweeted it for ya :p
why? what they do?
Once u lose your happiness ... U lose everything
ANYONE who has a skill that could be applied to getting in on the ground floor of a music based comic book... send it to us!! WORD
Jordan Hill earned these mins
RUN FOR THE HILLS!!!! RT : Mean Justine is hella back.
that's cause #colorblind politics legitimize not recognizing the beauty of all races and acknowledging racism still exists
- a BIG TY 2 u 4 ur mention of 2010 Celebration of Hope Gala on 10/22. We'll send u final totals after the event ;)
I might be over reacting but I don't care!
what did you have ;)... Thanks for coming by!!!
Birthday girl, hope you're enjoying a few umbrella drinks south of the border!
glad to see you join the ranks of the faithful followers. drink a spotted cow or two for me.
If you ask me where my own home is the only answer I can give is that its not a place but words I live in words and words are where I belong
yes can't complain! Hope everything is going well with you. New film idea looks great!!
Right! Different drama at the Staple Center.
Haha some people think that is true though :)
The 'A' is DEFINITELY necessary. RT : STEM education plus Arts = STEAM
Category 4-a Winner is Brad Hicks
Get his chips
When my woman doesn't answer her phone.
Qdoba get in my belly!!
has Olivia Newton John songs looping through her head. WHY??? Make it stop. Please.
Games to 5. Make them short and highly competitive. Loser gets off, next team on. Also play with the lineups.
I'm learning so much about Reds baseball listening to Bill Cunningham.
hahaha yeah we were all just like, really tho?
no worries, just curious and probably jealous. Best of luck!
This woman on House Hunters walks into a bedroom (fully furnished with a bed and all) and asks what the room is for.
just like everybody else :)
Glad you liked it, Brian! Thought it was pretty powerful stuff
On this day, March 7, of 1861, Abraham Lincoln visited the Soldiers' Home for the first time. What was your first impression of the Cottage?
Getting ready to head over to mocca today..
#TodayImWearing COMBAT BOOTS! ;D
no bullshit that was fun next time I'll bring more drinks hahaha
maybe adding a bacon puree to batter?
If a tweet humanizes a rep. and help him/her win reelection, it should be considered work. Politics=personal=politics.
monday night, you know what that means! #HIMYM with
oh.that makes a whole lot more sense now. hhah
We will make sure you get the business deductions the IRS allows http;//www.taxproblem.org
RT Just reported a hazard on State Rte 161 W, using Waze - Drive Social
I heard that some unknown kids playing in an unknown area came in contact with an unknown plant and developed an itchy rash
I agree w parenting issue. Kids live separate lives online. So-called good kids flip a switch. This is a cultural shift.
Hard to believe #Brewers did not have a base runner until the 5th inning.
If you are coming to ALFA stop in and say hi for a special gift! Exhibit booth 1332. At our new interactive booth you can test drive the in…
Wow that only took 2 YEARS! RT Bethesda escalator update: An up and down escalator is now operational at the station.
I get it, I hate the wave and other dumb ass up in your face "cowboy" fans. But fans should be allowed to have SOME fun!
Generalization is what it eventually boils down to on a social-political base. The rest is a product-service generator.
Bob Ament who lost a primary in Irondequoit says the school has a heroin problem. He says "don't toy with me on this issue." Hm...222-6000
Right on, man – thanks! And if you're so inclined we can always use help spreading the word.
The gift, of times of external darkness, shows us how brightly our inner light, the sun of our core, can shine! Cling to your core Tweetahs!
Trying to figure out the chords I want to go with my songs. So difficult!
haven't updated in a minute, been nonstop going........it's a good thang ;))
ICC appoints Luis de la Calle as Vice-Chair of the ICC Commission on Trade and Investment: See ICC website.
Congrats and for Vitrue making no.3 on the best places to work in Atlanta list!!!
I am mad at my chicken stock. Thinking about leaving it outside like a bad dog or semi-sentient garden gnome.
Today on we are making over the Durst Quads from Buffalo! So excited to see their new looks! Watch at three!
do you ever speak with actors from the movie?
My malpractice insurance does cover it. I believe most will as long as you are performing duties within ...
I wish there were an Instagram filter that can make you look less like a jerk.
don't message me hey beautiful because if you only do that to certain girls that's wrong because every girl is beautiful . ♥
Modern Giants in the studio this week @ Radix
Went to see at work, and Gabriel randomly appeared :3!
what steps to take to pitch a show without having my idea stolen?
Ill regret it in the morning
just got done eatting bout to go my ass to sleep!
Saw my first Christmas commercial today. Too early? I think so.
Please god I pass the Core 40 tomorrow
HA, same here! I need Ted to teach me how to properly pronounce "Aaron Sanchez". Can't roll my r's, lol.
Because of smartphones, I now spend twice as long in the bathroom. Going to the restroom has never been so awesome!
I don't wanna be anything other than what I've been trying to be lately.
Up at 6:30 am. I should be sleeping. Audition in the morning.
Hi! Thank you! Happy Race night! xxox's :)
Which medium has ad's noticed most? Print 3 of top 5 - Magazine (2), Direct Mail (4), and Outdoor Ad's (5)
I LOVE: cute girls who can skate
i love you big homie
Oops, that was supposed to be Apologies!
By y they mad
Thanks for the follow. One love. Purp.
I refuse to experience the #hungergames zeitgeist without popcorn. Down to the wire.
Did everyone have a good holiday weekend? What was the most exciting thing you did?
sorry gotta root for the florida ladies :)
Airplane toilets still scare the shit out of me. Which is appropriate, I guess.
The Brothers of the Mighty Midwest, and their dynamic leader Bro. have been so hospitable and welcoming! Thanks!
Disneyland is great today! Not crowded at all! :D
God has no phone but I talk to him,he has no Facebook but he's still my friend,he has no twitter but I follow him.
then we can be banned from MLB, too! fine, we'll go start our own league, with blackjack and hookers.
MT : It's “Make A Difference Day” make a min. $2 contribution to for a free sub << Free Food!
This day can't possibly go by any slower :-\
I think I'm a master cheater!! Lmao gonna nail that exam tomorrow ;)
would rather be reading in bed right now, or on a boat floating in the carribbean.
The best comment I read in C# code today: "This code was generated by a tool." Yes it was, Visual Studio, yes it was.
Viva Fiesta!! Battle of the Flowers San Antonio.
Perfect weather to be snuggling with :)
Well finally its Thursday night one more day.
Those give me the weirdest dreams
That's what's up bro! ": I think it obvious dat our winners are KAREN and Luclay!..no need to even wonder?"
u like creativity we definitely like the same thing. I would love to meet anybody mor creative than me. There aren't any.
entrance to the real world
that song comes on the radio alot
OMG. THOMAS LIKED MY FACEBOOK STATUS FOR THE SECOND TIME. OMG.
The #Canary islands were not named for the #bird; they were named after a breed of large #dogs. The Latin name means “Islands of Dogs”
Its not all about physical man!
Rumor has it that Kerouac is about to reorb.it - his approach visible to the naked-eye on May first.
Oh, and my Harmony one worked on Snow Leopard, but not my Harmony 900. Not sure what the difference is between the models.
Thanks, Bill!
Read the book Room by emma donoghue in only a few hours. Good, not as hard to read as I thought.
Group-sing is a little too cultish for me. I much prefer group-think.
sorry! For some reason you don't show up?!? Direct message me
#ReplacePotterQuoteWithBoobs "Not my boobs, you bitch!"
it was me lol
you're hair looks nice
": Don't make me mad then tell me to calm down. That's like stabbing someone then wondering why they're bleeding.
Deals On Posters All Weekend! Check us out at Musical Stop.com !!! The one Stop Shop for ALL Indie Artists!! Offer Ends Sunday 11:59pm ea!
so, #Lumension's idea to fix my tech problem & my hour+ long call wait prob? Call in again!
I need pick up my tweeting game
RT : Thrilled to announce that I'll be joining as Head of Outreach & Consulting. Can't wait! Starting July 5.
I think I'm the only queen who goes to a winery and doesn't drink.
Congrats to on #MrBball ! Well deserved. He will no doubt represent #Indiana as well as he has the town of #Fishers #HSEHS & HSES
Makerspaces don't change a librarian's role -- you are an access provider!
Feeling awesome 👑 >>>>> Not feeling awesome 🚽
She picked Moses - saw that coming after her comments
Dear : thank you so much for Joe in client services. He is beyond extraordinary. My rating of him is A+!
WOW this kid can sleep!
I have another commitment. Thanks though!
Yeah same here, I'm even considering driving w/ other chapter members and staying at my grandma's to make it super cheap.
phew! Happy Easter :)
Please make me better. We will not destroy you.
Has any one seen any face book ads of ours
And that's what happens when takes my cell phone -__- lol
Are the lights on the Market St bridge ever gonna be fixed? Notice it every night when I walk home from work at Drexel.
SEAL / EXPUNGE YOUR CRIMINAL RECORD. CALL US NOW. (727) 474 9988. DON'T WAIT ANY LONGER. START OVER. TAMPA / CLEARWATER
it seems impossible that i've spent this much money in one year, but yet here I am...but i let myself spend money for fun too
The things i would do to him... Yum
Magic never dies.
Thx! RT : #GPsOSL Another ex. of OER is Knowledge: college textbook publisher. Students freely access books online.
For only 2 people we sure have a ton of laundry.
no idea "Hula Hoops" were potato chip/rings. I need some of that please. :)
Happy Mother's Day!!!!
Choices, choices. Upscale cocktail bar mayhaps.
The reports about #CNN buying are not kosher. I like b/c they aren't mainstream. $200 million is a strong incentive.
It wasn't directed towards you a lot of people were making a deal out if it.
Having a great time at THREAD in phx. If you're in phx you should come check it out!
Seriously??? Holy crap, good luck with your stalker issues- what a wierdo!
Apparently NRA members from rural NY encouraged city youth to arm themselves by hyping neon colored weapons.
young moneg, cash money
Ricky and Greg, how are you both? :)
A Fine Balance, Rohinton Mistry, for History of India. actually a pretty solid novel but the end was just downright depressing
Just got goosebumps when the guy came out. Haha making everyone go back to their seats :P
what is with me discovering things far AFTER everyone else... I was late to the myspace, facebook, twitter, tumblr and now foursquare lol
No lie. No lie. No lieieie.
Promise I will. Medyo pilyo but super bait minsan moody. I'll tell him sa monday.
haha nah Ive never done it
Carolina Liar just popped up on Pandora. I haven't heard them in years!
hold on, hello beautiful, Australia, WYLMITE, inseparable, & Just friends.
You're Awesome too! RT : Yep and BTW your show with is awesome. Keep it up :)
Following me is a pleasure to me. Love knowing a fine ass lady like u is following me. Let the fun begin.
What the heck is a sapiosexual?
I haven't been invited?
Like ah dollar bill
how was the movie bruh?!
Senior Records Manager Position for a top law firm in the Denver, CO area! Email me at !
Your Tweets: The Walls of Jeri-'Glow'?
Help Me - twitter.com/expert
Go D-Backs!
we are 2ways and people will notice us. Eventually
We are at and excited to hear and Dr. Jafari present!
I can't help I hold myself to a higher standard!! So don't be mad if I don't speak, be grateful I didn't waste no ones time.
Any #newplay s to recommend that speak to #occupy?
I'm going to write a letter. With an actual pen. On actual paper. I feel practically.... steampunk.
Go follow ??i will list you 20x if u do!
Stop hating on her and look at yourself for a change. She's believing in herself and following her dream. What have u done anyway?
Lmfaoo. that was me wasn't it ? ;D
Don't spend your day fighting traffic to UVA. Come to Scottsville! Find us at 125 Fleet Street with truly local produce and master crafts.
As has pointed out, Florida hasn't played a regular season game west of Fayetteville, Ark., since 1983, and UF was WISE to act thusly
haha yes! i thought it was still funny though!!
why you hate ariana and victoria?
is working on a resolution on transparency and openness in the federal government...if passed this will be sent to the White House.
i love you
Images of all the new products coming up on the website soon for those of you who aren't near Milwaukee.
So are you REALLY upset that UK is off the schedule because of a love for the rivalry? Or just because we likely beat them next year?
wide wake is legendary tbh….she's singing my life
Let's go I'm more than ready! Can we hit a beach/ tennis resort?;)
While My Guitar Gently Weeps...
I LOL at the fact that the Las Vegas Hilton still has the interior of Quark's Bar even though Star Trek the experience has been gone years
The one TV show I miss is __________.
Great to see at #PCampSTL today
dude's a great player... he can pretty much do it all. he's a beast at chicken pickin, too.
. 's public sector #servicedesign SWOT: want to do good, "no" is safer, own the market, have limited control
so where are you sitting for game 3? Me and my bestfriend are sitting in section 338 row 23 way up there!!!
oh lol so now that u read it wat do u think about it
Thank you Steven :) xx
where u from ?
RT : Now is the time for #INtransit. Sign the petition at www.cirta.us.
Just thinking of the Anonymous Secret Santa...wonderful people must wear Kangols...hint hint :-)
for sure!
Pretty sure that would have been US Forest Service.
get over yourself Michael your lucky she's let you in her life again you loser
#PlansForTheSummer sleep and eat
no one ever thought we were a couple in Louisiana. We look like lumberjacks
better follow me back lol
Yor AVI looks like Jon Daly ! Lol Go Cards!
thanks for following :) tell your friends about
The haters aren't emotional at all cuz they'll get @ any1 just 2 assassinate their characters cuz its part of their promotional plan.
The man in that photo is Anatol Josepho, who is credited with inventing the photo booth and patented it in 1925.
ed's are very sad to me in general, that's why I made this account so people could live the healthy way ya know?
Thanks, I will check it out on my nook.
... fried chicken? lmao
Is any one even awake right now?
Did you know of Queens historian Vincent Seyfriend's death? He's worthy of a good write-up somewhere.
RT Goin' Crazy - Natalie. I Wanna Dedicate This Song To [ ]<3.
What's worse the pain of hard work or the pain of regret?
What is wrong w people?
G'morning tweet peeps today is a day of chance. U know, if I do this will I chance that. Not going to think about it, just relaxing in bed.
i agree...totally. He hasn't been the answer. At all
i see ya bruh
Proud of my friend and fellow board member, Karen Anne, gave up her car in November and has had fun biking, bussing, or hitching a ride.
Boozer trash
Keane are really good, why don't I listen to them more?
Good morning [;
One if the best times is when you can just chill. You don't have things to worry about
aww cheekees :( I forgot to set my alarm this morning but I will keep you lots of company in op. mgmt!
Why they gotta be Amish yo? RT I just drove through a huge pile a horse shit. Goddamnit, Amish people are annoying.
im trying to find out from people but no one has tweeted me back about it
Run Hibbert at Bosh all series long. BUT, David West has to make a better help effort
Cool! Any Android app yet?
please follow the lead to raising #autismawareness all around the world
I see you! Yay!! Congrats!!!
ha yeah they're worth a ton too.
Thanks for the RT!
Went to sleep fine, woke up w/ a headache, str8 BS
Would anyone be talking about Americas Got Talent today if it weren't for Howard ?
If happy ever after did exist, I would be holding you like this
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I Dedicated It To And Here I Am Year Later And It's Still Dedicated To My Love.
You can't make this stuff up!
"(Ron Paul) alone has the moderate and independent appeal to win."
How do I know someone is a charismatic speaker? When they start speaking, I stop what I am doing, take off my glasses, look up and...
Pure Romance is the hot new trend right now. Be part of something fun & exciting. You provide the guests/house, I provide the entertainment!
Free my big brother
I hate how after an argument I think of more clever things I should have said.
Tweeting from white eagle using Kirsten's new iPad. Will play Gilby's Angry Birds Space next.
Shout out to just got his #clippers ticket for tonight's game. when and where do you all take the group picture
Just when you feel cramped or choked in the office, you can say "I was neither living nor dead." #ENGL 3830
All 3 Kansas teams going to the Sweet 16. Count on it.
Oh and BTW really wish I was at tonight in Madison! Please come back to Wisconsin for !
Such a beautiful day in the neighborhood... hope tommorow is like this..cant believe it snowed earlier this week
Girl go to bed
Wow, wasn't Florida considered the leader by a lot of folks at one point?
That's it ...done 4 2day ....good night everyone ....
Trust is like an eraser. It gets smaller and smaller after every mistake. . .
Welcome to the studio!
-+~~-- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
i want to put on pretty dresses
good luck tonite
I wanna go to Disney World even though I have been 2 times <3
. as do we, but w/ a character limit somehow "blahblahblah" ends up being super-descriptive
come this weekend so we can celebrate Joannies bday. I'm thinking about surprising her :p
I'm pretty good! How are you?(:
bruhhhhhhh omg i forgot to tell you something when we were texting
I'm going to do it! I need a change in my life, so I'm going to do it! I'll let y'all know what "it" is before my b day June 10th. :)
RT : Anything the mind of a man can conceive and believe, it can achieve ~ Napoleon Hill
& she keeps on talking about this AWESOME & FREE concert @ Festival Park 2day. b sure u & ur crew are there 2 down some brew & enjoy tunes!
Can't decide who I like more- McSteamy or Owen Hunt. Love Dr Hunt's dimples but not really into redheads.
I am learning lots of things from Robert Reich..like, why I can't find a job. Yippee.
follow me back
Cher you are my idol ! It would be a dream come true if i could meet you one day!! xx
Ever since wrecked that scooter he's been driving like that
answer at 3
Time well spent!
What do you use Twitter for? Have you managed to achieve your goals?
On the train to nyc for ny chapter of grammys!! Acoustic set ahoy!
o ok I got it Thanxs 4 the Tip and sorry!!?😞😄
I have a bigger following than most of the artist in my city, I been going fed for years!
Got to love the DVR!
Oh yeah so excited
Because you repeat watching it!
Keep it classy, San Diego. :)
thankfully no. Not sure we can compete w/$2 waffle makers. We're big fans of your writing on Wired, by the way!
well deserved, indeed!!
I hope so too.
lol - actually he'll lose 'em all - MA/NH/CA/MI RT : But Romney has so many home states. He's bound to win one of them.
I love ya to just ur dad
Follow me is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating ;P
I LOVED #HIMYM tonight! I was speechless. Speaking of which, how excited are you for the #Muppet movie?!
": I'm gonna lead a march down Cascade tomorrow. #MLK!" really? what time?
When I ride in the backseat of a car I get car sick 😁😷😳
was just ahem-ed by her daughter for giving a silly answer when a serious one was called for.
#NP The Weekend Love Through Her
imagine all the bosses you've ever had as babies but with their adult heads hanging out at a daycare center and being friends/muppet babies
I need food but don't wanna get up
It's like someone unlocked the doors at a psych ward and gave everyone a car... #Driving in LA
I love your app, but you're missing some key neighborhoods. How about Nob/Russian Hill, Pac Heights, North Beach?
nikki, i love you sister! lol
Just added to the #wfx 2012 expo floor Global Truss America
I'm not a thug, my pants don't sag, I don't call women bitches and hoes, and I work hard. My father taught me well.
RT : “Learn a lot from other people’s mistakes. It’s a much more pleasant way to live.” ~ Charlie Munger
That one pic of her makes her look like a tranny
I really wish my house had a moat.....I would smile every time I crossed it.
Glad to blessed thanking God for another day'
Aww, its almost 's birthday <3
I had to close my eyes every time she strolled down the halls. I like short skirts, but some people need to look in mirrors
what i've really missed most about not having my twitter for 4 months is definitely i feel so outta touch with my fav girl <3
I know I should be feeling a sense of loss at a divorce proceeding, but all I feel is a huge sense of relief.
You're right. But, I can still be tired and be that
Thanks for the follow.
hey whats up
Listening now - it's beautiful!
The USA has the best public libraries in the world. Now a U.S. digital public library coming, in 2013.
Love your character on #SOA - and love to get a follow too --"gotcha" is the word I hear... :) All the best to you!
It should be! I've seen it on ebay at times, pretty cheap too. I just hope it's not a bootleg...
Today we have a strawberry margarita cupcake come over & try 17 east flagler street, miami, fl. 33131
Social interaction + personal passion & relevance motivates crowdsourced, quality news
#WHATAFEELING whenever the guy you have a huge crush on likes someone else.
Thanks for the RT! I love that poem. My mom always has a few gems like that just waiting to roll out.
Interested in #BJJ and/or #Yoga?! We have a few days this month to keep in mind! BJJ info is on our facebook, and Yoga info is coming soon!
Rugga by the thigh for you
Are you looking for a Christmas gift both fun and meaningful, an easy way to create lasting memories for home or church? www.holystable.com
TONIGHT - Thursday Night Trend with DJ's A.I. & J-Roc along with The Lotus Dance Team at Albuquerque's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!!!!!
Charlotte is starting to cool down / looking forward to the fall!
keep watch at www.learningwcf.com...schedule hasn't allowed so far...it will be a different book likely
Thanks, Allison! Loved having you here.
trying to get out of the city....
I feel like I should be in a paper towel commercial considering all the messes I clean up on a daily basis
Thanks for the RT - when you coming out for some #WAWine tasting?
sunny day late start I just finished a 2.38 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
just took my temp, and iam running a fever terrific
I'm developing a love for plain vanilla ice cream. It's the simple things, I suppose.
couldn't have said it better
Your BWAB is driving traffic (15 people!) to my undead blog. Thanks, plp.
Thanks for the shout out on the reading list, Will!
Getting ready for the big next thrill...stay tuned.
Marlins 1st round pick from last year Jose Fernandez's line tonight (Single A) 6 IP, 0 H, 0 R, 2 BB, 8 K
so ur jus not gonna appreciate the AFC championship games?
Joy feels icky. Joy takes shower... but Joy's bed is so comfy.
every time i look in the mirror, i feel disgusted with myself. so thank you to those 3 assholes who bullied me for 5 years and ruined me.
RT : Who was ur favorate tonight and what did u think of the judges? How did J Lo do?. Get the trend going.
And you succeeded.
how so Team?
POTUS has to do something about this heat
We kind of really want some more INTERESTING followers. RT for us and ask your friends to show us some love? <3
I'm trying to get used to it as well. I find it a little tougher to look at now, despite a less crowded design.
happy monday! been super buisy cant even think straight right now lol!
#nightofthehunter on wow!!!! This is so disturbing !!!!
Where is this cricket on the ESPN audio?
awesome show so inspiring! I can't wait to see everything work out for you guys! I don't touch soda either& fear trans fats!
Just cause something is trendy doesn't mean you should do it!
austin and alley (: x
I'll lift you up, I'll never stop. You know I'll take you to another world.
's mission is to sustain/enrich life in the SA River Watershed, we have no jurisdiction over BexarMet
Hey all. When the tweet is signed "B Side," it's not me, it's my team who posted it. I apologize on their behalf. NO malice intended. -BF
Very pretty makeovers!!! All the ladies look great!
Just got in another meaningless fight with my ex-girlfriend. Times like this help me understand why some men are sexist.
jameson irish whiskers
YOU MUST BE GETTING OLD lol! -> RT : I'm really exhausted from playing so much today and now my back hurts -_-
Nothing like the smell of beer reductions in the morning. :-)
SO how is everyone I MISSED YOU GUYS!!!! <3
Three little words that can change the world... I love you.
nothing you stopped texting me
“Thanksgiving is the holiday of peace, the celebration of work and the simple life...
Like Justin says "and all the haterz, i swear they look small from up here" . So Haterz, Kiss Our Belieber Ass ;*
Can an Airbus A380 be sold out between Paris and DC in June? Or do they just severely limit the seats you can choose? Why?
Early bird
It is not good to have everything one wants
Elektrolytes performance didn't catch my attention till them shirts came off, tbh.
hi dan:) x
sharing how Twitter is bringing people together
I miss yo ghetty booty more!
I'm higher den a bidge! sitting on yo roof!
Boxing-Singapore flexes muscles at Vegas
I can spot saggy titty a mile away
I'm on the bus. Lol
Your creepy lol but love u though
keep Cassel as my #2QB or try to get Cam as my #2?
Thank-YOU!! Love Women Power!!!
All I want for Christmas is....a permission number. For that one Spring class that's been avoiding me. College has effed up my priorities.
I guess I'll keep talking to myself.
I know, right?
Yes, exactly! Nice to "meet" you, too.
Took the weekend off from the internet (except for a brief mobile twitter battle w/ in line at the #MET). Good morning!
Back from #ArlingtonHouse Was an intimate tour. How do the Lees of VA not have an HBO show? Wish the furniture was still in the house :-(
what up Big G.
I've really loved seeing your continued success on Heroes. Best wishes and continued success to you and your family!
yes Greyson! You tell her!
your dream coming true?!?
Been in prayer most of the day and feel amazing and at peace! Will you join me for National Day of Prayer?
Metta world peace need to elbow westbrook or Kevin durrant
Anytime you're ready to write that parenting book I'm your first customer.
thx for the link. Hadn't seen this clip before. She even speaks German w a slight Bavarian inflection. I was thinking about
Depends where they were.
As marketers we must constantly strive to exceed our customer expectations. Create the "WOW" moment.
do you own a bird or?????
ate once today. someone bring me food please
My wife and I have a "give and take" relationship...I give, she takes
= ) you're sweet
me and my 40 friends are voting for you and the boys :) you are going to win! follow me? <3
Good morning (:
RCI Inc. Creating a Stronger Community One Individual at a Time..add us on Twitter
Rep. Cherilyn Peniston says "I wasn't planning to speak" but then does on
kill it tonight ;)
At the LIGALY Equality Awards on lawn guyland with
The Ron Paul one. But of course, all good, now.
"I promise to make sure they never work here again" says NYC schools chancellor Dennis Walcott of 8 perverts pulled from city schools
S/O to for being an apple that fell off a tree! Not to mention being a stranger ! Miss you & hope you've being doing good !
Im going losers i need outta the house anyways ive had a bad week
Allen-Bradley clock tower temperature sign is flashing "GB". Very cool!
got a 100% on my English presentation today :)
At times peer pressure or family pressure cause a person to get an abortion also social pressure its not white or black or cut & dry
Yves Bergquist, Chief Strategy Officer, will be making presenting at the Digital Hollywood conference on Oct 17, 2011. VZILLION
nope, sorry, but I think you would. Stop by room 233 tomorrow and ask.
"Free will is love..."
no NUTS, no GLORY
happy birthday, Kurt Cobain, you sweet and gifted man. you have always been an inspiration, and will always remain an inspiration. (:
And with their limited number of scholarships, #Badgers could probably bring in about 3 to 5 more prospects. Depends on attrition.
He is not funny, end of conversation.
Just drove through Downtown #Oakland and yes it's true, the police have build a fence around the park where #OccupyOakland camped.
come home ma dude
Just got to Vegas. Can't wait to go rage.
Maybe it's time for a revolt! The Weekend Warriors Uprising!
*cocks my head to the side and smiles* You're funny.
I need some chocolate
Anybody have information about the Downtown Jacksonville honey bee swarm? WJXT just called me, might be on their morning show tomm.
Dodgers finally have new owners
RT When they ask what pushed me over the edge, know it was Adobe Reader updating more than once a day.
Inside, sitting on the couch.
RT : that means you are having an awesome party. Spammers only come to the best ones I guess...he he
She's a big TVD fan and she also bows a lot of the cast since she's been to the set in Atlanta multiple times.
"It is the ability to take a joke, not make one, that proves you have a sense of humor." Wow! I totally disagree with this
Yes, you *do* sound sexy, Dan. And who are you kidding... oven mitts aren't gonna stop you.
"Get a bagel. They make life better." -- Sage words of the day from
Some people are full of themselves, all the while judging others.
Thanks for stopping in! RT Just visited our new neighbors Adorable shop & beautiful products. Check it out.
Would be happy to help you with your decision. What features are you looking for? #Schoology vs.
lmao so do u so I wouldnt be talking
Mack: We support Quebec and CA's efforts on #captrade. We won't implement on same timeline, largely bc BC already has a price on
Doing what your hearts not in is purposeless and wasteful. Do that which God intends to bless in you, and not what pleases man!
congrats. Hard work pays off.
That baby dinosaur noise you make when you stretch.
Edward Is so white he blends in with paper wtf? Uh... And Jacob with his long hair?!? And their voices in Spanish
This brings back so many sweet concert memories.
Getting ready to street race... AYE! <3 Josh Vs. Christian. I shall win! Ahah
Jasmine Wahi Contemporary has a new office space in SOHO!!
Going to a Berklee show at 7 ohh yeah ! :)
Why do people feel the need to wear capes to school.
I cant do this anymore. It's time let you go.
