#NowPlaying Love U Betta - Neon Hitch
Surprise! the MacGruber movie is hilarious for real. Kristen Wiig is still the hot business too
lol she got my ass.
where yall at
nice! What Cirque show?
oh. mercy. lol
You just learn to forget about the people, who forgot about you.
#1ofmyflaws I trust people to much
Bout to drop our new E.P "Timbuktu"!!
Make something cool. Know that you will!
got it
The world is a better place cause, I'm in it. Real tlk
oh you just made a deal son! :-)
Wishing I'd bid more than $119 million for The Scream.
Bet... RT": what it do fam come c ya boy at the spot tomorrow #velvetroom"
Is your "balance" tweet a metaphor for the situation our national budget is in? ;) Sorry, listenin' gets me poetic-ish
Can you country square dance for us? May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14 #1Dtourusa We love you! Love, Alexi and Tabi!
"No, sir. We don't carry salt, because all of our products are already pre-salted for optimal flavor and health."
haha! That's not the first time you've seen unintended words in my #hashtags You must be killer at scrabble :)
hahaha I wouldn't doubt it
Gov. Kaine VA signed leg for "choose Life" license plates. How about "a woman's right" or "choice?" Let's do it.
$6 million Watertown Schools Ref passes 3,195 to 3,067 to repair roofs at high school and middle school and do upgrades at middle school
Terrific free preparedness fair in Scripps Ranch this Sat, Oct 16. Wildfire survivors share valuable tips. Learn more: www.scrippsranch.org
Music is the key to his/her heart. Put a playlist together of romantic instrumentals - set the mood w/o distracting.
41 degrees in nyc feels like the back of a meat truck. FMAO.
Big weekend!
how rude
Tom brady is hott. Loll
oh definitely. ;D
Harsh calvin, harsh
If your focused on yesterday your gonna miss tomorrow.
Ignore the response in the calendar I will be at the gardens thursday see ya then
“: Expensive gear is like a painter putting gold leaf in his yellow palette” nice analogy, I'll think about this b4 my next purchase
I WISH I WAS FUCKING THERE.
I just want it to be next Friday -.-
Clean save for Axford
Let's Go Jeter!!!!
But I don't wanna get out of bed yet.
This wk only my novel "Winter is Past" is free on Smashwords. Book club questions included.
Contemplating whether killing you now or letting u live the rest of ur life in denial/disappointment is more enjoyable me.
they do :) they've worked so hard for it
I need a good DJ for July 7th, for a wedding. DM prices. It's urgent.
Living on a golf course with dogs can be highly entertaining
Cant wait until summer.
aight ha Sonias phone just needs to hurry TF up and charge cause it died:p
getting off twitter, hitup my hotline.
Yeah I think it was the Movie The Change UP during #BB13 and didnt even tell you who starring it , Cmon if you dont we wont see it
there will be dozens of unhappy new students. DOZENS
Enjoying a tofu and vegan sausage scrambler with coffee and fresh squeezed apple, carrot, celery, and cantaloupe juice. Working out in a few
is that chocolate cup cakes ? ?
I hope everyone is taking part is Campus Sustainability Day today! It's happening all over campus in an epic way!
I hate dumb dudes man they never get what I'm saying and lord knows I hate reiterating myself .
Sounds like they are just beginning to sort it out. Here's hoping they prioritize student experience, not just a courses portal.
He removes the greatest ornament of friendship, who takes away from it respect.
she probably thought it would make for a good movie
I hate going to the doctors but it's that time
dark knight rises!! Cant wait
#HappyBirthdayEdge and #ThankYou , we love and we miss you! no one will be like you! there's only one Rated R Superstar, and that's you!
How's everyone doing today?
Good morning all! Wonderfully cloudy & cool this morning! I'm sure it won't last, but I'll enjoy it for now.
": I love everybody in case ull neva see me again" don't talk like that!!
- So glad you liked it. I am excited about the album. I will also be seeing your show at the #HotelCafe on the 1st! :-)
Those days you really want to look your best but feel like you've never been uglier
Just dug a driveway now will rest and then off to Paley library tomorrow
where is smash?
RT Now I've lost all respect for 2012 catalog actually refers to the Civil War as "The War Between the States."
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
love u too
Ready to mail your #TallyCardz.... Who needs to order one?
agree re:code problem solving often necessitates a deeper understanding of the problem, not more time writing the solution
Ha! That's awesome!
Free coffee and lemonade at the library today through Thursday (8:30am-6pm) to get your energy up at the end of the semester!
Hilarious RT : "Unattended Children will be given a sugary cupcake & espresso". Best retail store sign EVER.
I know! Can't believe this semester is almost over! RT : Last day of class at Time zooms.
HOW DOES MY DAD NOT LIKE SLEEPING WITH SIRENS. MY GOD
Yep! McGehee homered to tie it in 8th. Yuni homered to tie it in the 13th. Prince walked off in the 14th.
Accidentally unfollowed a lot of people, bands, & companies we didn't mean to! Tried to loose all the spam we've been getting! :/
I love the way you smile ! <3 :)
Nah, that's what life jackets are for.
Heading to Indy for Bob and Tom tomorrow Z
Just got the best message from a friend about a stolen birthday present. :)
EXCELLENT. I'm heading to the Creative Music Guild show at Revival Drum Shop. Maybe you can join or we could hang after?
My morning alert is trading +73%! Congrats to my members that got in
Just taught my Dad how to text. lol
love that hash tag! #AustinIsOurNoah <3
Hoping I can hold in my laughter tomorrow if Mr. Gamble once again gets mad at certain people....ya feel me ?? Lol
Lawana Blackwell~ Outings are so much more fun when we can savor them through the childrens eyes.
I just saw ur dead flowers and new new new video. U got a new fan bro. Shits too sick.
Has anyone gotten their tickets for the upcoming tour? If not, go get it!
next time you come into roanoke we need to make sure we can see emily cause all this bull shit is keeping us from seeing her
string quartet: a good violinist, a bad violinist, an ex-violinist, & one who hates violinists, coming together to complain about composers
Pull the tapeworm out of your ass...
It's because of criminal minds & SVU that I'm petrified when I'm alone 😨
this time tomorrow, it will be this time today.
Yum. I wish it were grilling season. Broiled fish is great, too, though.
well that was weird
thanks for following me (:
it's not twitter appropriate 😉
Does whataburger think were are that asgressiive?
Speaking of Fairness: North Carolinans, please don't forget to vote NO on #Amendment1 today!
Are you trying to fatten him up and then stuff him in an oven?
Who are these Chargers you speak of?
Quit being annoying as shit please.
oh lol well does she follow u yet?
RT : that tweet was for you & <3 #pride #whitepower hell yeah !
I'm inlove with a girl who is out of this world:)
#Nick Carr discussed how today, we take the electric utility systems for granted. But, this was a radical shift years ago for corporations.
Favorite "get you pumped up" song - ready? Go!
Starting to put together a new show for our big summer tour...what songs do you guys want to hear (no obscure unrecorded stuff)?
If u take a look @ NFL teams heading into the playoffs this year, what team do u NOT want to c? I'm saying the Eagles!
I'm with you, sister. You are strong. You are beautiful. You have my prayers.
They're wonderful readings! Thanks for sharing them with us, Chad.
But really really i dont give a F U C K.
Have you been denied access to a public place with your service animal? Email us your story and what the outcome was.
Paralegal Knowledge Institute online seeks instructors for courses. Team teach. Pays teaching stipend.
tonight for ! Saw them back in '06 and tonight should prove to be nothing short of EPIC!
If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to. Parker, Dorothy
it's official. I'm retarded! haha
Totally agree with that -- your first time at anything is awkward... second time = epic! ;-)
Thanks, Anthony! xo
Happy Mothers Day!!! Love you<3
B. Riley &amp; Co. Acts as Sole Book-Runner in $11 Million Underwritten Public Offering for Cinedigm Digital Cinema Corp.
Maybe, thanks. I'm not big with twitter. I'll look for it. You can email me too
Planning on visiting the Zoo? FONZ members park free! That’s $22 in your pocket for every day you spend here!
Bring lunch and flowers to the maternity ward. Really impress him with flowers for everyone on her floor.
it always counts ;-)
Drum Call w/ Whit Whitten will set off the event. UVa African Music and Dance Ensemble will perform Haitian-related Ewe music.
heyy Riley I'm in school andl I'm so bored you should tweet me;)
RT Churro sale in Bolton hallway, Monday at 11 am - until supplies run out
Headed over to 's house ti load up the gear and take it to the studio. Pumped about what we're laying down tonight. -dg
thanks for the shout out!
i saw we lower the hoop for derrick rose
Lol what else is this episode about XD
Hey thanks a lot!!
RSVP: Pantheon Agency
fuck is on ya biscuit ?
Missed you Sunday Bishop. " I have the power for Success!"
yes please!!
is this related to Big Flats, or just a general statement?
Still moving though. Those downtown lofts are dope.
No. Didn't know about the place. Maybe next time.
This is such a fucked up world.
Moved up to 22? Who's there that we need? Please no more Tebow talk. Don't get me wrong. He's a heck of a kid, but what do we need with him?
signs of spring at the Rouge: 45 degrees, sunny and our bees are active and taking "cleansing" flights all around the hives today.
is one of my favorite comedians. No doubt.
Dolphins out of Peyton Manning race. Manning will pick Broncos and Titans via Bill Polian ESPN. Dolphins expected to sign Matt Flynn.
I mean, we just coolin on a Sunday Can’t wait to ball out on Monday
Dance In The Dark
I'm going to miss some people and I'm upset I'm not getting rid of some of the people I dot like but hey it's life .
QoTD: "The difference between where you are and where you want to be is your commitment to getting there." (Michael Clapier)
Tough times don't last... Tough bitches do!!!
Why is my bestfriend so sexy doe. ;D LOL. Hi dork.
We have this special every Tuesday so maybe you can make next week!
Distinct muscarinic acetylcholine receptor subtypes mediate pre- and ... - 7thSpace Interactive (press release)
Mel Torme, baby.
School's almost out, and LDCM is open until 5 p.m. every day! See you soon ...
People who unfollow are such bitch's.
No TxT back smh....
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. R.W. Emerson ... how many experiments have you made today?
Is that what "rogue capitalism" means? Seriously - Im asking. :>
nakama has a decent valet services well
If you love your pet we're working on an investigation you'll want to see tonight at 5.
Tweet Me the link
lets do it
you won't start the night off w some skyy...
Its a beautiful Fri morning & I'm in love with a wonderful man
Does Micheal Vick want to be put in a plastic bubble? Really!?!
Thanks for the follow! Jason is awesome!
I'll be at pure working
Swimming boss denies D&#39;Arcy deal
#AskRicardo are you ever going to come to austin? [:
Thanks for checking it out...hope to see you soon!
tomorrow , & idontknow , my sister told me about it .
#21CRadio A1 I get most of my music news from online sources, especially from social media.
Got to see part of the Brasil vs. North Korea match at lunch today. North Korea looks a whole lot better than I thought they'd be.
work prep, eh?
Miserable nd headed to the doctor! Great, fml
Happy Birthday to one of my hero's..Brother Malik EL-Haj Shabazz. Brother Malcolm X. Salaam
It's a grandpa sweater cozy, rain boot wearing, pumpkin carvin', fire stoking, red wine swilling, meat & potatoes kind of day. I love fall!
srry but they only speak Spanish
Oh, the places you'll go
- I haven't been there yet but it's added to my list!
Good Morning!!! Thanks to all the new followers over the weekend. If anyone has questions please let us know, were here to help
being that pretty should make u smile
have you guys chosen the next winner of the sunglasses yet??
Congrats to all of the graduates. Proud to say that our three seniors earned degrees today. Go !
Do you know how much I wish my theme song for the year played each time I walked into a room? Dreams...
This movie is INAPPROPRIATE ! I can't believe my dad let me watch this ...
i always text you back, y our the one that always ignores me --_______--
Alright, , post your finalists already.... I've been waiting all week!
"Parents are like God because you wanna know they're out there, and you want them to think well of you, but you really only call when yo ...
A #Heat vs. #Celtics Eastern Conference Finals would be epic. Hopefully it happens.
How about some news , is that too much to ask?
hey :) ...eh too much thinking...I'm good while I'm busy but when i let my mind wander the tears flow :(
thanks for the love xo@ jerseygirlsbook
Gripping my desk with anticipation!
she did well!
Looking for coupons to Schlit Galv??? tim at topsintexas.com
jbieberboy94 ISNT justin bieber just to let you no! the real justin bieber is justinbieber
not sure. But sadly I dont have my apartment in the summer :(
Pleasure of takin her pics in real life!
and maybe the VB folks should just quit all together? Nice share!
Tony Romo is the Anna Kournikova of football.
I'd rather be doing anything other then cardio right now...here goes nothing....(Eyes rolling)
Love That Should Be Me 
Nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy - Cynthia Nelms
That was for you, Good luck!
My Dad should teach a class on 'How to Steer a Non-Political Conversation into a Political One.'
18 Jan: need network solutions for your business? contact
one final down, three finals and a paper to go.
Cause that's not awkward or anything.
ha I hadnt heard that yet. The whole situation just seems crazy, first the questions about the org and then this....
Dave! So like dude you're straight up cool :) lol like I mean Idk there's just something about you that's makes you awesome!
Theres never a right time to say goodbye ..--
That IS quite a beautiful piece! WOW
yes but its possible I just don't know where to find them. they're out camping in the woods with other attentive 25+ women
Yes like Green Wilcox O'Neal & Some What Allen now! & were not cryin! we goin out there & winning We got Heart
Hey is There a chance You would follow me? AnyTime Soon?
tonight.. I'm playing with Naytronix at Great American Music Hall.. play first.. going to be very cool
RT: omg i took the best shit ever in leo today!
NO. we're gonna meet a lot sooner than that, but just after I graduate were getting yogurt.
Really dude... kevin hart voice.
He's in Madison. STudent. Was scheduled to take Megabus. Messed up rsrvtn. Needs to get to Mpls b4 Friday.
i'm watching avatar the last air bender…oh yah, i,m a grown up.
Eat these words digest these thoughts and spit out your feelings
It's great to hear real solutions to the illegal immigration problem.
RT : The ratio of We's to I's is the best indicator of the development of a team. ~Lewis B. Ergen
It's never good to start your morning off with being on the phone with IRS about getting your tax refund wrong!
I haven't changed my twitter name ever since I got a twitter...hmm. Just noticed lol
Horrible hold...Laces out!!!!! #Fiesta Bowl
yeah I like that song to! My fav is stole my heart
Had me at "two Beagles" RT : Cosigned RT : You should be following who is awesome.
South Carlina has not addressed whether epidemiological studies require a RR > 2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
Ugh, spoiler alert! There goes tomorrow's breakfast DVR session. Based on first half though, can't say I'm surprised.
all about the win...
Pretty sure I'm the only one in #ROC with a sore neck after last nights show at the Montage. The metal community just doesn't move.
Ying & Yang are 2 separate and opposite but indivisible forces that maintain the equilibrium of the emotional & the intellectual in a person
RT : Apparently in SADPC there is more activity on #Socialtext than email
wrote lots of counterpoint to already full cello suite... at outer limit of the possible... can I pull this one off? i hope so!
you're too fucking cute!
Its not even exciting anymore... you sucked al the fun out of it.
YES IT IS WAT U DOIN TODAY
what about just 600 :D
we are game!
wow. they banned grinding from all my dances at school. like wtf? ahaha
WOW! The Girls Generation "Twinkle" Album is #5 on iTUNES USA right now... this is amazing... I heard it was #4 earlier! :)
I'm HYPE!!! Who's it gonna be... Heat or Mavs??
Consciousness.Fame.God.Money.Power album cover reveal coming soon.
They should remake "One Crazy Summer" with an entire new cast, except for Bobcat. He stays.
Lawrrrrddddd , its so darn boring in HAMMOND!
Poor Colt McCoy...
Thanks! Are you guys running any specials in honor of the occasion?
Proud of her was talent/choreography coach RT : WV Better than state. Modern flair. Routine better than state
what table U at chic? We going hard over here. Bottles poppin
#MyMomWouldBeatMyassIf i ever cursed at her .. Tried that shit once .. Got punched right in the mouth."
Sorry if I bombard you with tweets as I participate in a breast cancer forum for the next hour.
Have to check ensemble members' contracts, but don't think it specifies their fees has 2 b in $.
damn, whats a guy to choose? Carrie, hands down.
is earning back her girl card tonight by watching "First Wives Club" and "Pretty Woman" she's never seen either! Shame!
Relationships crazy and i ain't got time
say crack again ☺😳😁
I #need a #ciggaret #asap CieraMariexoxo
All the texts that are coming to my phone i cant even see them cause i crakced my phone-_-
RT : If you're drinking good wine, there shouldn't be any left over, but if there is, it makes a great rinse for fruit:...
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool im cursing out my gym teachers
#Saggitarius MB guy of the day: Ray Ray
Thx to everyone who joined us at the #LibraryLounge tonight & welcome to the new library card holders!
Nature Is Our Teacher: A Social Experiment Disguised as a Business: Receiving the Growing Green Award from the Natural Resources Defe...
Called 4 times to get through to Specter's DC office to lodge support for EFCA and Dawn Johnsen. Hope harried staff really noted it.
do you think there is a possibility of global revolution?
that look on your face after the story of the over baked mother and child ,was classic!
im her martin,she's my gina (:
not known why but found it to be so in 10 year follow up study of IDA participants pursuing education
But the US doesn't have an official language to enforce...
Oh gosh... Looks like the keynote will be convicting
Checking you out right now
Today's Inspirational Quote: "Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day." -- Author Unknown
Attorney General Gary King is petitioning for New Mexico Gas Company not to cut service to 43 homes and 28 businesses in San Juan County.
Everybody is on the avengers so bad I wanted that movie to come out like 4 years ago 4 years later I could care less about it
If you fail to DO what you plan...then you're planning to fail.
my favorite is stone cold
Good morning!
twitcaaaaaaaam :) love you
Last night was so amazing! Yamn and Freekbot tore it up! Big thanks to Dewey for lights and Big Audio Mike for the supreme sound!
Thanks Jayce! The website's cool! Have a fab Thanksgiving holiday. Best! Bev
Looking for a Great Place to book your next event? You can contact us right here on Twitter!
If you missed the article in the about us & our 95th Anniversary here's the link, Thanks for all the support!...
Never talk defeat. Use words like hope, belief, faith, victory. ~ Norman Vincent Peale
I believe that a good positive attitude will take you a long way.. ~If they only knew~
new SOA makes me happy boy! “: ComiXology on the new iPad makes Theo a very happy boy.”
We could do that. Should we have it on the TL next door? Or up here on 5? We could put on some TV and order pizza?
Just watched your Q&A session. Great stuff! Would love to see it become a regular thing.
dude, the more beer pints, the less brain cells : p
#AGirlDeserves A man who will be there when she needs it the most, not just when he looking for something.
would love to talk about the email we sent last week about new approaches to attract customers. We have a thought for you.
RT : If lose tonight, there will have been 11 losing streaks of 12+ games in MLB since '05. The royals will have 5 of them
these seats are pretty rad so we might just move closer to the field. Are you up in 416?
For me, a very useful tweet. RT : Due to snow, St. Paul Schools have postponed tonight's community mtg at Central HS.
swing by! tomorrow from 2-5pm?
GREAT idea via "Partner with area VoTech or Univ? #libmade"
PUTTING $1000 ON THE CLIPPERS TONIGHT
SF is amazing as always. A bit cold and rainy, but still a beaut. is in a similar disposition interestingly enough
totally great time at for coffee & conversation
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy♥ please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp ♥ 16
Congratulations on your engagement!
especially with fatso playing so well! RT Don't you think this would be tons more fun with Sean Avery in da house?
I want some new memory's , not these pain full reminders of how I used to be
productive moves
re: causation of Engagement: Our research clearly shows Sr. leader support + mgrs focused on alignment & development are key.
If I accomplish ONE thing on my list of shit-to-do today, then I will have done five more things than I'm actually CAPABLE of doing today.
I have no idea what you're talking about. I am the epitome of professionalism. See you in FIVE DAYS!!
all that reminds me of are those awful Nintendo Simpsons' games.
oh wow. haha well u are about to get married. gotta use it before u lose it!
ew I have the most disgusting bruise on my leg
aww :( I love it every season! Did u watch it when the ICONic Boyz were on it?
smacks is my favorite cereal
Townsend Bell confirms Indianapolis 500 entry
New York Pizza >> Vero's Shit
Evolver is brilliant!
Oh what a beautiful morning... :-D
Happy Birthdayy Danielle & Ashley!! :) ❤ Delano Miami all night... 🎉🔥🍸
holy...yeah, just started watching and that is definitely going on the office projector w/the speakers loud!
Without the capacity to provide its own information, the mind drifts into randomness. -Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi
I lost 3 followers today :( is it cause I'm ugly??
Highly recommend you check out ”The Merchant of Venice” at in Burbank. Great show!
Snow Sunday...we just planted our salad garden.
I'd prefer to focus on how we can improve prof learning; lamenting on poor practice drains me
They tell me that I have Internet! Something about a jumper.
Anyone want to peep some lyrics I'm working on? - Tyler
haha maybe we can get up the guts to actually say a few words this time or at least ask for another picture. Ive got your back
hell, Harvard has now even made the tourney! start a collection to get me to move back and get u back on winning track!
no one deserves to take shit from
Damn me and my love of books.
God bless you, Sister!!!
PROUD OF AUSTIN<3
SomeoneIWantToMeet everybody that supports me & the ones who help me!
That rain..
what is w/ ? there has been a steady stream of people waiting in line for water. I should talk, i just filled up 30 gal lol!
Momentum Marketing & Event Planning ★ ★ Marketing Memories here in #Cleveland ★★
thank you. I have nothing but love for you baby. I was going to attach the Heavy D video, but the advertisement messed it up.
Monday is carbo-load day! Croissant, and a pretzel at the Columbia City Bakery. And I bought a baguette to take home for later.
you do this a few times a year right? It is a great goal!
follow me? (; make my dream come true.
Don't Miss Out On This Upcoming Events! Sing Up Today!
DOUBLE D
what daaa fudge smh at people in the library!
Come on Indy!
Happy birthday to my beautiful baby!!! #toomuchlove <3
Agh! Take me with you!!
could it include some sort of pledge to be nonviolent?
Absolutely terrible.
so what did they say when you showed up at there house???>...did they piss and or shit themselves?
My pockets so fat i had to go to la fitness .
did you do the NYC Marathon? how was it?
According to NBC 2/3rd's of all adult Americans are overweight. Some how I am sure we can fix this problem!
Sure can do ;) Much <3
Todays workout: nothing
yo ass can tweet & fb but answering ur phone ugh naaaa that's to much for u lol
ok g2g go and to the other #JASMINATORS out there Jadios!
I'm feeling extremely cynical today. Work, Brewers, politics are all major contributors. Anybody got a link to restore my faith in humanity?
Keep your fingers crossed!! 👍
Congrats to Whitney Houston on 2 months of sobriety!
Why do YOU eat? Nourish your body but don't eat for the wrong reasons....boredom, emotions, and fear. Think before you Eat!
Ryan O'Neal recalls love story with Farrah in 'Both of Us' - USA TODAY
Come in to feast on the Finest Local, Organic Freshly Made Soups, Live Food, Chef Wes Specials, Gluten Free Dishes, Fresh Juices & Smoothies
It was so freakin cold this morning in Florida
Just putting the finishing touches on a binder of financial reports for one of my favorite clients.
Laura Palmer's diary, Feb 23, 1989: "Tonight is the night that I die. I know I have to because it's the only way to keep BOB away from me...
Perfect time for a evil laugh
true. If the square box is Portland and the round circle is pudgy Raymond
American Media makes black people look so bad. If were on the news, its gang related, drug related, or plain old fuckery
I have the thought of running away. Hope she won't care, I'd be glade to be away from her. Taking it into consideration .
Love your icon by the way lol Austin so silly!:)
I just finished a 3.13 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
#NowPlaying. Big Sean. Dance A$$.
How I love #KetelOne for #happyhour,let me count the ways..1,2,3...oops-floor!;)
glad you came by!
it does make sense .. those are two totally different ppl .. whose only comparison is skin color .. lmao tell him i said so
Weird that I can't get my own side dishes at Ras Dashen. Strange rules.
New tonight: Braised pork shoulder and pancetta with black mission ﬁgs and soft polenta.
Tom Retweet if you still loves "Pieces of Machinery"
Hi Chloe. Please direct message us; we have some good news for you (you're a winner in our contest).
yes!! Did you see the game? Or at least my updates?
#dl10 at anchor steam in SFO. Happy to buy a beverage of choice for the first devlearner that pops by!
talking about NYPL Labs projects at, you guessed it,
well like we said #MAHOMIES are the bestt<3
Hey Marz! Send an email to with the details and we can send an estimate over
I don't have aids!
"i had terrible tweets today"
That's why i block people who follow me from school :) LOL
what you mean what
I got my picks for tonights games on #TNT video blog up soon #Knicks #Bulls #Thunder and #Blazer fans #NBA Fan check me out #RT 9
Not looking forward to tomorrow morning. Gonna be so sore!
Most people tweet a lot and often forget to act on the good advice n opinions they offer to others!
De: "Where are you now" a "Down To Earth" De "Down To Earth" a "Turn To You". De: "Baby" a "Boyfriend"
rain check on breakfast...news got in the way...
And its a L for the heat!!!!!
While u otha niggas sleep im up grind!
Five and places, everyone! Good show!
lets go Dodgers
Why do they no get it. Are they fucking idiots in DC?
that was an AMAZING concert!!!!! By far the best!! You are gorgeous!<3333
A Keurig brewer. Up for grabs. All you gotta do is snap a pic of yourself at the Eastern/St. Rose location and you're entered to win!
Go GREEN
Is it wrong to call my ex girlfriend, my XBox? Not to be confused with the video game!
Wonton soup + system software deployment + office party in the background.
Put a face to the Twitter handle at the #RECon12 Tweet up, 4:00pm Sun May 20 at the #REConSocial Media & Tech Pavilion.
2 DO LIST: 1) Make to do list 2) Cross off #1 on list 3) Realize you've already accomplished 2 things today. 4) reward yourself with a nap."
thanks! But I gotta tell you something ill dm you
My basic boring little breakfast didnt do. :( im hungry!
well, I guess we know what we will all use Google+ for. re: 's share to finish an article
I just finished a 1.99 mi run with a pace of 10'09"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
hell yea
Bored need something to do were htown girls at?
I was so proud of my Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Governor Pat, Quinn and Superintendent Garry McCarthy for standing in leadership against violence.
A wise man will listen to a fool, but a fool won't listen to a wise man. ~ Anon
I'm so glad that Josie's is airing the wwe wrestling match instead of the national championship
I have the Ultimate Shopping Experience event tickets for December 17th! With the purchase of a $15 ticket, you will get the following:
Nothing-to-do Saturdays should last forever!
Well my bad...gosh...
When the power goes off, you try to flip on lights anyway.
the week aint even start yt but i no is gone be A1!
I love it when my gut is right about a person.
its so true..
"What all of you do represents a tremendous ROI for our federal budget." via
The Kingston Trio will be in concert at the Cascade Theatre in Redding California Jan. 13 @ 7:30pm. If you're in the area go to the show!
Straight studyin tomorrow , final on Monday...
The family you come from isn't as important as the family you're going to have.
cant wait!!!!
If the going is real easy, beware, you may be headed down hill. Keep smiling.
RT : 1pm & 7pm! RT : Tons o'free arts events happening today for #MacysSampler, including Porgy & Bess...
Surround yourself with progress!
RT "Effective schools do not do test prep" quote form NYCDOE partnership meeting
Thanks, bud. Happy New Year to you.
Big Ups to on the 18th anniversary of the release of the #hiphop classic, Illmatic.
Going for a walk to clear my head
Obama called Bush "unpatriotic" for adding $4 trillion to the national debt. Now Obama has added $5 trillion in only 3 years.
I had 100 followers last week and now it says I have 0 - how unfortunate for the 100 - Twitter is useless.
So great to hear from you again! Missed you.
I'm like a cat, I always land on my feet.
Because my stupid self left my keys at home, 6 hours away, I am locked out of my apt until my roomies are done having lives.
#ThingsThatDontMakeSense When someone calls you their best friend and stabs you in the back within an hour.
let me know !!! I'm so down !!!! & I've never met her so I wouldn't know 
vision is the biggest word in the leadership wordle
Waste money on a book that has no value or buy a book to gain control over you healthcare forever. www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php
#WhenLifeGivesYouLemons kick life in the face with your ENERGY LEGS!!!
Our tax dollars paid for the Secret Service agents to do what?!?! Tax Day is bad timing for the air waves to be discussing that! So sad...
i thought that was u. n i see an old english d, and i think i remember that lady surfing, and tommy has sweet shirt on
Was offered Brandon Phillips for either Berkman or Morse; Would like to do trade but cannot decide which one to give. Thoughts?
Sitting in a coffee shop in Reno
RT : RT : "A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer"
Do our country a favor tonight and follow in support of public broadcasting. RT and ask your followers to do the same.
oh yes. Farmers market is on my list.
B-B-B-Berlin #knowwhaimean?
I've eye sexed so many women in cosplay today.. That I think i'm sick of white women lol
This just in, Trump asking for #OsamaBinLaden long form death certificate.
It should also provide some net benefits in just letting your computer run faster because background operations benefit too from more RAM
Have you customized your Facebook Timeline? Add apps that include your blog, newsletter, products and services. DM me for more information.
Brent Hunsberger - reminds crowd that CU members can use free network of ATMS. OnPoint members can also use 7-11 & US Bank ATMS.
Much love to star maker studios!
Keep it flyer then most. Need a down bitch that can blow trees like a champ and cook good.
lol . yeah its november. im to thirsty for it.
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON.. SO PRESS IT MAYBE?<3
that's good luck w move, not mom :)
I wish I had more time in a day
wanna help the under and just give a quick thought on tausch?
it was the PA guy that energized them for the comeback!
Love the pic! Thanks so much for visiting us while you were in Baltimore!
thanks for the mention! Hope you and yours enjoy the program.
your braver than I'll ever be :) haha. I miss talking to you</3
Thx for taking an interest! Always looking for people to get involved.
Average American life expectancy is about 72 years for men, 79 for women. Lots of time despite what most people believe. MANAGE IT WELL!!!
Um yeah, so are you...cannot wait. Glad Larry is here to entertain us in the meantime.
Hoping to come home to electric power tonight.
the man said scraps' didn't need the tumor anymore. pretty sure that's not his call. he's still acting like he's the boss of scraps. grrrr.
A commerical really just started with, "Even bad things happen to good people in Wisconsin too." Really?
Late night rehearsal!!! Oh what up monster energy drink.
NICE! jealous.
compliments on benefits of membership! I was welcomed to a vacant office so I could work between appts today. I'm so impressed!
Thanks! Looking them up now!
I'm calling Steve Kerr to fill the shooting guard spot! There is 5!
Been a great weekend so far.. I don't want it to be over!!
At the haunted forest with and wish us luck!!!
and at Symphony Space digging into some Louisville Swing!
My dear followers, please follow my personal thanks!:)
it's weird, I feel accomplished for finishing the book, but sad its over. Guess I should just be happy I read it. :)
haven't had the chance to check it out yet is this you?
Pickin my sis up from the airport
#0404 haha nice ava! :P your tweets are awesome! Just saw a few! Cool!
congrats to CL South for beating CG. I went to PR but live in Cary ;) -Adam
Wow! I am totally impressed with the top 6! Skylar Laine is awesome too!!!!
what's up home skillet??
ok cool .
Save it for her
Wordpress.com is down!
#BeforeIkickthebucket I want to do something of importance. I want a positive act of mine to be valueable enough to be remembered.
great news! I'll buy lunch!
Just when I was about to go on a rant about my cable they call. Cool now I can have Internet and cable.
Actually just downtown proper (west of 16th) and part of Broadway. There's a midtown list too, though, from February.
you have beautiful teeth (:
Wow, I don't remember the Powerpuff Girls being this punny.
Once you go jesus you will be loose !
Cool! When will you be making the move?
Playing naughty bear on the ps3
Best fish fry I've had in a long time, served on a pizza! yummy
The next tattoo I get is gong to be a great white shark. We're gonna need a bigger arm.
I should work out but a map sounds WAY better so.....I'm out...ttyl....MUAH!
@ Strategic Coach in Chicago. What did Mark Zuckerburg do in 2007 to hone his business and leadership skills? He hired an executive coach.
Hah I still haven't made out with Dave Stone for $5
where are you???
. don't ever stop making music, listening to you ladies and gents always cheers me up :)
please do tell about getting paid to shop!...super interested
Great to see you again, too! Hope you've been doing well!
so true RT: #europeana : "Bring an open mind to the #opendata opportunity in cultural heritage"
let me know what we should be aiming for Mon/Tues nights
It sucks being in bed alone when it rains :/. that's the best time to cuddle.
who would be the one person you would love to Help living or dead? ie Washington @ valley forge, Helen Keller 2 talk...
Please follow my gorgeous friend and upcoming 2012 Playboy Playmate
I can't wait till tomorrow because it's the day "A Beggar's Plea" comes out
I endorsed Cecil Kemp on , "your professional profile on Facebook"
How about your a RACHETT BITCH !
I love the smell of Abercrombie & Fitch!!
Huntsman: "we in this country are only as good you're gonna make us"
Alot of people in my life have been letting me down lately 😔
Bored af and I don't want to go to work today:/....I never thought I say this but I can't wait till January to start college
Just thinking about how lucky me & Jesus got . Idk anybody else who the cops let go last night.
looking forward to the fellowship of other CPLPs and L&D professionals from all over the world in Denver at #ASTD2012 ~Its going to be awzum
Getting my mom on skype or facetime is like executing brain surgery!
Love watching the Rebs run like this!
": I went to the Derby when it as 50 deg and rainy. Not fun. Well, not as much fun." I remember snow in 1989
I know i'm alittle late but watching what Man City did today was amazing. Doesn't get any better than that in any sport
An open mind will take you much further than your opinions will.
You are whole in Christ, therefore you don't need the words of others to make you whole. cool <3
Yes indeed! RT : Pets make a house a home and a family, complete.
#LateNightConfessions : I Fuck good opportunities up by accident and not going with my gut....
had one of he best meals of this year at divino. about to weep tears of joy. seriously.
agreed, we don't only need a kickstarter, we need the #scifund way with public engagement at the heart of it
Forgot how much I liked this song
Might I add, the breeze felt pretty good
My 1st taste of Franklin DIPA frm ...me like!
Thx for the mention!!
Sometimes I wish Hyde from That 70's Show was a real dude so I could date him.
Shout out for the team behind -- Omaha is my hometown and amazing work by
Happy Friday everyone, have a good weekend!
Nothing like a good flag overlay during the national anthem
hey I tried lol
ahahhaahahaahhaha did not want to know that! But seriously, i feel like imma throw up or something
Never try the cripple face Sun Drop on a girl unless you've been dating her for more than a week.
Great, I didn't know she had anything in the works.
Can't argue this RT : Prospective employers: Don't want your terrible benefits. Pay me appropriately and I'll buy good ones.
#ShoutOutToTheGirlsThat - RUN their own business! Global Elements, locally own and ran by some LADIES!!! Like our FB and follow please :)
Is it OK if we dedidicate this "Whiney Wednesday?" I'm just not feeling it today.......I've got the pre-vacation blues ;).
How does this sound? Liquor gets the word out quicker!! Haha!
Elvis week. Maybe that's why it's also "Admit You're Happy" day and "Happiness Happens" day. Not happy? then "think happy" . Starts inside.
I will have to pick it up!
Yes he did! RT : Sultan is throwing it down HARDCORE tonight :)
I got random 409 numbers txtin me about booty calls and weed
Thought you'll enjoy: All of life is art, only artists have the courage to delve into the truth around them.
wireframe = hypothesis >> this changes everything. thanks
Do you like giving BJs?
Pregame show is finally edited, now it's time to talk once again with and on
Do you party, EVERY night??!!
I had to tell them. Some had already bought the print book, returned it. That's how off their radar it was.
The team has arrived in San Francisco at the CETW show for the big product launch tomorrow morning!
Thanks, so glad you enjoyed it!
Tonight, Saturday &amp; Monday&#39;s Honor Flights « Honor Flight DCA ...
I just thought died while we were on the phone. I don't wanna laugh but it's funny cos the phone only cut off!
So #oil is down $10/barrel in the last week. Gas, yeah we MIGHT see it going down a few pennies in the next few weeks.
I know all HABY! ALL
I'm sorry hun 😞
If we truly follow the Light, why are we living in darkness?
sounds like our daily chili :)
Thx Brian. How you been?
Hi Stranger
Got hmy coffee so im happy!:) peace! HE>i John 3:30
Would you be interested in librarians/archivists in the United States?
Oops, obviously that last tweet was by , proudest of the over-educated hillbilly cohort in the SLab. But enter the contest anyway!
Good one! RT : top networking tip at #dsum12: in sessions sit with people you don't know and make an intro.
hell no. California sunshine forever.
#asmp members. contact your National Board members meeting in Vegas this weekend. Don't be a complainer, let them know your ideas.
"And then it strike-splodes!"
don't worry that thing in the basement is not hiding behind your shower curtain!
You heard me: I miss my Blazer.
Is spending the morning googling "Rick Santorum"
Watching #Victorious! :D
Yammer or Jive? Discuss.
Ha! You, dearest, are clearly not Buddhist.
So.much.work.
": Jalalabad airport in eastern Afghanistan under attack from suicide bombers, police say - via " :(
Tiny but wonderful bmesh discovery: You can now delete edge loops with more than one edge loop selected!
Thinking of traveling in the Southwest USA this summer?Be sure to bring Edward Abbey's Desert Solitaire to read,
Sea of Love #lovesongfriday ”
I Beez In the Trap!
This coffee is orgasmic.
idk? they r handsome?
Started with 30 (!) iPad 2s. Didn't want to develop own app.
Special program on Kelly Thomas police beating on PBS SoCal at 1pm Thursday/7:30pm Friday. Interviews w/ OC district atty and Kelly's father
as does him "coo-cooing" in the chicken coop, while slapping himself, lol.
Austin libs should be giving money to Moody & build Dem Party rather than buying HD-75 seat.
Thanks for the retweet! Have a great afternoon. :)
I ask myself the same question.
This is Saturday May 21st, 2011; a new day which God has given to all mankind the world over. Let us honor God by truly living this day!
Every decision you make is based on judgment. Judge til your hearts content. My problem comes in with being jury and executioner
Finally in Florida...beach time?
que pasa mayne....how's it going?
well, unless you count the 2 years Michael Jordan spent there with his walker, at the end of his career.
Let Us Now Praise Famous Amos
The "build a bonfire" chant may not have been the best for ESPN to broadcast nationwide. Not the cleanest chant.
amen to that.
No, fine him and sit him down for rest of season and suspend for 10-15 games next year.Anymore fighting or elbows he's done
and countless alcoholics w/ falls w/ cervical fractures. the cases are endless!
Did you attend our 1pm SSO iSeminar & have more questions? Contact to get the details!
I HAVE NO IDEA YET! I want to do crazy shit though!
Trying not to look too harshly on the grammatical errors on the tip sheet.
Hunger games
Homework or Mass Effect 3? Hmm...
CHOKE THAT HOE!
thank you for the RT :)
Thank You!! You guys are the best!! We love you!!
Doing homework for the day at
Keep breathing, keep living, keep searching, keep pushing on. Keep bleeding, keep healing, keep fading, keep shining on.
Why is it every time I turn on my , I get that N33 error? I have unplugged the Tivo four times already today! Just work properly!
great win for and Eisaman Equine.
TREE INFO-If you have tree damage from storms, make sure you get a certifed arborist. They can tell you what can and can't be salvaged.
Hard to keep secret when I work for one of the most amazing and well known companies ever! hehe
that is potentially the coolest thing ive ever seen
Surprisingly says entrepreneur's pitch shouldn't be more than 50% about a "great product"
Congrats!! : Made the varsity soccer at my high school!!!!:)
On my way to Philly today.
"Whatever you're thinking about is literally like planning a future event. When you're worrying, you are planning. When you're...
stop crying
sounds good! Count me in!
Just got an email from an old friend that made me giggle like a little schoolgirl. It felt good!
I'm sorry! Omg... Can I send you the pic today...... I was at the hospital with my grandma
its that time again summerf inna b over shortly damn i missed half my summer wit a broken toe
refined sugar and fried are the hardest for me. I don't drink much to begin with.
You're lucky Coke's ad people are inept, b/c you screwed the pooch RT and Blue, red. Coincidence? We think not.
HAHAHAHA, no. just stop.
do it. it's so worth it
Why did you honk and yell at me asshole? I'm allowed to make that u-turn. Who the hell do to think u r? Why I oughtta
Everybody is in need of that something that can spark up your day
Good Morning
I dont wanna play him but we might get caught #CantRiskIt... got my hopes up!
h. is lauding #ArtPlace for its support for to engage ppl in solutions for their cities. Thanks much, Alissa.
I Keep It Hood, I Keep It Good, I Keep It Gangsta in The Streetz - I Keep It Tight, I Keep It Wet, I Keep It Gushy in The Sheetz ..
At what point does really bad head cold morph into brain cancer?
Headinq to work to make that money ❤
Nice job and ! Way to come thru with the win.
My pleasure, Roz.
Just got your app for Android. Incredibly useful. Love the Radar View feature. Very fresh way of using polar area/coxcomb charts.
Jenn has to work #Michaelsstores the whole thankgiving holiday Thurs-Sun. No thanksgiving for us.
hope you and your family enjoyed the cake :-)
Up early n ready too...thank u jesus for this day may u bring healing n favor n joy peace that only u can give n protect my love ones amen..
Asians talking about Jeremy Lin in the library
I wish I had a penis so I could just whip it out & urinate anywhere I pleased.
thanks for the fake connect warning!
Thanks for recommending Camtasia! We really appreciate it! :)
I tried looking in the help but had trouble finding info on merging Numbers and Pages data, sorry.
Up early to prepare for my Knitting crash course . See you there...
Booking a mini tour in june! It's looking like Burnsville, and Iowa are locked in. Anyone in Rochester or around there wanna book us?!
90% of consumers trust peer recommendations & only 14% of consumers trust ads. Use of #SocialMedia by brands generates peer recommendations!
What the shit I broke my iPod. How did this happen
Oscar ceremony. Not so much. Why then did I stay up until the bitter end?
i got it
It's that time a year MY BDAY PARTY is FRI. NOV. 25TH @ DRAGONFLY! 832 W. Randolph. All Black party Come Party w/ Me
unveils yet-to-be released See Also project (dynamic reference resource)
Q & A time or voice your opinion about a health issue!!
Thanks for the RT
funny how all my friends are talking about they going to the gym and me and the girls are here just eating pringles.
Free labor and services at my work, computers plus, on Dixie hwy for computers checked in today... Stop by or send me a message
follow back
Come over & get a Cuban coffee or hot chocolate! RT 54 now #Austin... cold front arrives in few hours... wind chills 30s-20s
While staring at a priceless ancient fountain at Hearst Castle... "why are the cherubs always peeing?"
congrats, Jess!!
getting back in the pool today -__-
Hi Jason, Thanks for the follow :-)
Who would like to come get drunk with kelsey and i?
Oh no! Sorry about that :( Working to improve address location ASAP.
#SinceWeBeingHonest i fall too hard, love too quick, trust too easily, and forgive too fast.
seductive moves
NEW SHIPMENT MKORS WATCHES JUST IN ! FREE LAYAWAY! FREE VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SAT/SUN MENTION TWITTER!WSL
Some of the beats are cool. Seeing if my influence on followers could help you out at all.
I tweeted one. Took a few more, but ruined them since I was in them;)
Thanks Rah!! Happy Resurrection Day to you & the fam with lots of love from us!!
Ugh exhausted, want my bed -__-
“My music will go on forever. Maybe it's a fool say that, but when me know facts me can say facts. My music will go on forever.” Bob Marley
RT if u like the pic i just tweeted !!
Morning radio DJs are just reading the Internet to old people.
Yes, of course. We are merely raising the possibility for discussion, for tweetback if you will.Still many days before #mla12. Suggestions?
Hey ! The Women's Studies program is tweeting now... follow to keep up to date on the latest issues, events, and activities!
#askryan how old are you?
If the Blackhawks beat the Lightning the #Caps will clinch the Southeast Division
Happy Halloween!
All i ask from da game of basketball is four more years
#Santorum twisted that JFK speech to portray himself as the anti-liberal. He's a feckless demagogue who gives conservatives a bad name.
Stacey K is hot enough to pull off that bronze number, not to mention major arm candy G. Clooney ;)
Hey check out Jeppa Joe's the new lunchtime hotspot - flavors from around the globe. Follow to find us!
no its the director. but if you watch like the first season and then watch this season... its a huge difference.
we love it.
Yes, make sure to be rested for our brunchtime funtimes tomorrow
we love you Jessica. When can we see u in concert again? Chicago misses u.
you guys Fucking killed it tonight! Thank you.
Sad. participants of this program are the opposite of lazy. And feed into righty myth of "work hard and anything is possible"
damn why do you have to be so far from me !!!!!
Oh #airtran gate guy. Your terrible jokes are great. Especially the one about leaving Detroit on time.
cuz they are some real slut some stupid ass bitches that got no life but just trying to be cool on live tv
Lots of anger at Hollywood these days. Not enough pub for Pariah, guilt-tripping/pandering for Red Tails and now Spike is ranting. Sheesh.
#ChildSexualAbuse takes center stage in the short film LIFE OF RILEY, abt a victim's life spiraling out of control.
Talk stupid, OFF WITH UR HEAD
that bitch with his blistered up testies >>:D
Thanks! I don't thin it's badly marred because of the high goal difference. Let's see if #GER can hold up against #ARG. Go #CHI!
Being so full u cant eat all day the next day
Time to go play some basketball. I might have my own presser this evening to declare for the Draft. All media are welcome to cover it.
Some quality hitting there, Ian. Your one job is to not hit into a double play. You had ONE JOB to do.
only you would Tyler haha
than you <33
She's wonderful
Having difficulty locating an #Austin hairstylist who will give me a decent cut without my needing to cut off an arm/leg as payment. Help?
love is soo powerful it blinds u to things directly in ur face take yaself out the box n look from a view tht has no feeling
In Math class again with so bored!
It's unlike anything when you're lovin' me.
Hahaha! Nice work on the sparkly graphics! I don't know about saving the BEST for last, but saving the CRAZY for last? Yeah.
!!! NO BOSTON DATE? WTFFF? I WANNA SEE U SOLO! OW AM I SUPPOSED TO ME YOU AND HAVE MY #MOMENTFORLIFE ?
we have a tool for you to screen your properties without having to wait for your lender to find out if there is an env. risk!
WHY!? Wish it weren't so true...
I only regret having this much square footage when I have to do the "duck walk" for tp.
precisely the point! Weed out the squeaky wheels from the real peeps with real issues.
Looking for a SAE – Nintendo Media, GolinHarris. Email me at
Yes! RT : First hardcover copies of Queen of America are arriving today! Can you believe it? It's gonna be pretty.
Those're some awesome internet sluthing skills you got there! :)
Wish I was at NN, but I'm still in Austin!! We need to cach up soon - Give out lots of hugs for me!
whoo! congrats! you'll be a smash.
How does Tebow do it?
Don't hang around people who have have given up on their dreams because they are coming after yours next.
give into your temptations.
- Right on...and "nuera" is daughter-in-law, yerno, son-in-law...and concuña/o for spouse of your spouse's sibling's spouse.
#sleep time gn :))
Deal. Still crossing my fingers for the 'Angry Birds' theme song I recorded... If that hits we will own that Wendy's
not sure how I missed this one. I just may take you up on it. But I must say - I do love my fancy collared shirt!
Need More #Followers So #F4F Please, :) x
Yeah the best part was this little "i read left to right" routine the kids had. Fully cute
When my attention is on one person, everyone else is irrelevant.
thafukeva with shags and whoop whoop.
thanks for hosting such a great series
Get ready boys!
yo, does it look like anyone cares? didnt think so.
ugh that really sucks. I'm sorry.
READY FOR THE PREVIEW SCREENING GUYS? Cuz we are! And by "are," I mean "will be!" (I hope!) WOO
Experimenting with listening to two streams of identical yet staggered streams simultaneously. Loving the "delayed' result.
what on earh are you talkin about?
I set up an account but that's as far as I've been so far. I don't believe I've been missing anything on G+. True statement?
word. opinions to each. i think DNA copped that easy
Come meet Andrew today for happy hour. He's funny, he's smart and he has HUGE BEARD!
This guy I've been talking too is so Q! I wish he would ask me to the homecoming tho!D; blaaaahhh
His books are amazing, though. Yes, Peter Gade is my PhD chair/mentor. I guess you know him!
Actually, there's nothing to say. I was just touring.
Then it couldn't have been *that* awkward.
Headed to set… 2 hour live show tonight.
I hope #SOMEDAY will notice me , I have been trying for 2 years.. #NeverSayNever #makemylife 5
portland oregon fans want you to come so bad!! please!!<3
Happy Friday!! :)
- have you checked out ? Worth visiting, not a restaurant but prob. the most beautiful spot in #santacruz mtns.
Holy guacamole it's a beautiful day!
did you forget the part where Rolf becomes a Nazi? ;-)
We're looking for a content Editor! Send us a shout out ASAP! ^NE
I'm pretty sure ur entire high school class is here
Nothing too watch!!!
+1 “: I love 's debriefs after each speaker at #SocialIRL. Smart dude recapping smart peeps.”
aww really? im honored :)
Bummer. If you watch ep 3 and don't like it, you should probably just stop there. I mean, it's only aired 4 episodes but still.
As a MBA student, you will often have access to the experts in the field and many individuals who can advance your learning experience.
Morning , signing into my fingerprint enabled Dell laptop to start my day
Good job!
Bc you're Michael.? & i really do want you to hook a sista up. But.... Not like embarrass me infront of him. :)
Thank God its friday, golf at Primm with boyz, 12 of us, should be a great time
Time 4 bed
It's cool when a team building session includes great wine and good conversation with the crew!
hahaha I would too if I lived that close !Haha. Dooood 3more days till school &four more till my bday oh god!
Love all my followers :)
Game 6, Let's Go
I don't know? Eating tacos?
Still feeling bad! More medicine. #longday :/
i ment great
“: started off my day w a double shot pumpkin spice latte & a kick in the ass from Who needs 5hr energy?” Damn straight.
Hi Cousin! we need to catch up!
It's so hard for me to tweet cause I have nothing to say LOL
Well I've always liked to shake things up. Pun intended. I hope you jumped in and saved the day
Be clear about what you want, Louisa!
I have Names like that 2 RT glad to have phone again,I will never know who HankthePirate/GirlfromtheBar/DONOTPICKUPEVER were
never let your past dictate what your future might hold
Happy Birthday to 🎉🎉!!! I've been around to see him grow from a boy to a man! Proud of u☺
ahah I know. And only like 3 pictures. Want me to post the pic?
From the bottom to the top I got it!!!!
there ya go ;)
Fricken allergies, man!
None of this Grey's twittering tonight!
thanks for following me
Anyways, in conclusion: Dungeon master is a bizarre and horrible movie playing on all your cliche fantasy 80's ideals
call 911, i'm already dead but someone should be caught and held responsible for this bloody mess.
Luck looks stunned. Oregon looked flawless.
at Medieval Times (:
why is it that Bob is a nickname for Robert?... idk who comes up w/ these things
Happy mothers day to my favorite friend mothers :) love you guys!
We didn't evolve FROM apes, you chimp! Apes & us have common ancestor; prolly met fan
girl yes yu know that boy crazy Lolz
My FB wall isn't working again. Wonder if they are doing updates
Hi Brittany, I'm the editor for #HighGlitzLounge. Would like to interview you about your reign and platform.
I love how is accepting donations for an untether they didn't make. ( )
its good cuz now he could break up with stupid selena gomez :-)
Looking fwd to joining on 's LawLibConvo this Fri.
I been getting a little to fond of sushi lately, all started spring break
where's your profile pic taken? Italy?
Thanks to our new followers this week (Part 1):
Late start at 9:30.. What the hell am i doing up right now?
Praise be to God from whom all blessings flow.
word word. that's whats good. check out some music from #MakeMoves He produces too. Let me know what you think
“Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life.” ― Ludwig van Beethoven
Another great suburban museum is now on Twitter! Welcome
I cant find out how to work the new twitter. HELP!!!
On the L heading down to the national conference at the Chicago Hilton
The Naked and Famous dominate Denver Apr. 18 at Ogden Theatre! Now that should be a fun show.
Starting to think that leaving is indeed the best option!
Parents brought pizza. Day is now 2.7x better.
Movie w/captions... Great
How are you tonight?
Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass…it’s about learning to dance in the rain.
needs your help! I was just recruted to get your attention :)
The sun is out! Idk how you Brits live like this. I've been missing the sun so much
Q: What should we do to teach students about negotiation and reconciliation?
here you go
love family nights with my favorite ppl :)
it dont take that long to get a cup of milk ;p lol
hello! :D
Oh!! I never knew that?!?!:D
Hello how have u been
"salutes to everybody that's finding cures for DISEASES!!!"
Ixnay to Rockmelt. To use Beta, must go thru FB, give access to personal info, accept emails, allow wall posts. Talk about Friction! NO WAY!
grass is pretty lame, you're like..a couple planes away :D
So nice to meet you tonight, and Congratulations again!
damn like legit everyone ik is busy
That's what I said, minus the Jeep and the tent but both good thoughts!
yes he is
Teacher : Now I want you to fold you paper lengthwise. Me : Bitch, Hamburger Or Hotdog?
Not even. I admit you will need to contact for the update right after.
Like tell me something cute nd shitt
Looks like the blazers will be adding a possible 2nd lottery pick this next season!
free soft ware Audacity, works great so much you can do. even fix and repair tracks and noises. Great for background beats for my poetry!
Iam in that juicy Lambo Kenya west mercy
Barely left work and got hit on twice already
What I want in life. Be noticed by (:
Excited to welcome all our new followers: , , , , and !
what did the customer say to the fish fry that ran out of ingredients?
Lucic with a beautiful stickhandling move to set up Krejci for an easy goal. Lucic beat 3 #Isles defenders on that play. #Bruins lead 6-3
thanks for the RT of my HuggPost article on What Tin Tin taught me about travel.
C- A- T- S CATS CATS CATS Lets go UK Hoops!
Ijus call her boo... idon kno her whole name keep it on de low mane all we eat is Lo Mein!!!!!!!!
Hating ass people don't mean u no good always try to bring u down when things are going good
I'm so into you!!
mite as well get out the brooms, ugh.
I'm Pro-Jesus. Any questions?
sneaking some time to design #mothersday cards
Every time they have an animal on the today show I pray it attacks Kathy Lee Gifford. Come on baby otter! You could be the one
It's done
maybe he needs to move out. Prison life is fucked up. Stop dropping the soap.
gift giving is my fav pastime
Pooch Hall is so fine ^.^
At the airport. Chicago boundd
“: Thanks for the great presentation! I knew I should have taken more math classes in college... #prsms” - me too!
Full signal AT&T on Platinum level for me. Only place in the metroplex!
I wish i coulda recorded Nicole being chased around the park LMFAO.
I've heard rotting fruit in the car is a sign of genius.
I hope this rash isn't contagious...
you and I are going to have some fun. Are you ready?
Sorry #mountaineernation but I can't watch anymore.....to painful!
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. ~Winston Churchill
Thanks! MT : Best topic summary: How the learned to stop worrying and love social media. - Rosenberg
hmm...traffic overload from your tweet? It's not loading at the moment.
Is it true you will be on today ? Can't wait.
liking the ukulele!!!
today I renewed ala and joined acrl for the first time... and mla. i'm feeling associated.
#emailsci Early morning emails have higher success rates. My clients rock and have right already!
I need a nap.
#SometimesIGetSickOf Going Out Every Weekend
Looks like it's for lunch today...and don't forget the green chili sauce. Yummy!!!
visit us on facebook: KEFPRODUCTIONS
sounds like here ;-)
How long are you going to be in SA?
Me crazy? Never.
ur a beast bro
ESPN had better have this feed issue worked out by the time UK and Vandy starts.
Talking about the plagues in Exodus. "Wasn't there fire coming down with the hail?" "No, that's The Mummy. Hahaha
I'm not responding to that question 😪
what'd the malibu state parks do to you?
You as well. Any good things I can spread to help you right now?
It's just sad
Stewart Little :-( LMFAO
Just beat Little Big Planet 2! Well actually adding the online levels u can never actually beat it So #DANGIT!:(
I can't seem to fall asleep...
Thx for being the MAN 4 my camera @ Access SoBe House, bro. GR8 shots of u & friends. Should hit some hot publications.
go Jamie! No one better.
two bottles of water then gymm
Luv it when the Wings lose!
hello :D
Blue eyed boys. My heart melts every time :/
Haha. No, Mon-Friday. Im Cristian. Friday Night - Sunday Night Im Diamond Star. ;D
It was very productive!
Oh! Some campers just wandered by. Consider it cleaned.
the Fall
my love :)
I was singing to Alicia Keys NYC song and drunk blonde Texas chic turned to me and said, "We don't give a fuck about New York!"
or perhaps you need get yourself back down to DC on the weekends.
Oh, I will!!! It's becoming an Big Blue epidemic and should be crazy down there!
WOW...HOW IS SURF IN THERE? WHO HE BEAT?
I Love being me :)
Reservations for Seaview Terrace are not taken. We recommend coming early to secure a table & to enjoy live entertainment.
Brunch from 11 to 3 today, with 2-4-1 bloodies and mimosa, full espresso bar and two menus to choose from!
Ugh what to watch, new episode of #DeadliestCatch or #LayerCake FML
nothing right now, I have an anonymous pen-pal that publishes stories. So, I'm trying to write a small story about...
At least do it when I'm not in the room.
Just DM'd you with a suggestion.
Those moments when ur soo nervous that your heart is about to jump out of you chest. OwnsMyHeart:)
Busy, busy. busy. Now time for sleep.
Finding a medical uniforms store close to my house may be the single most productive thing I do all week.
Ground coriander is the dried seed of the cilantro plant crushed up
Not participating in National Margarita Day due to a sore throat. I haven't practiced the 5-sec rule for nothing: come on, immune system! :(
whats up everybody!
I'm #AGirlThat loves you (: ♥
Sorry for those of u in denial: John Lennon was the patron saint of posers.
BTW....DID U WISH JILL ZARIN a HAPPY B-DAY??
I'm obsessed lol I reorganize my bathroom closet everyday
that is just wrong. No shoes in a yoga studio is like an unwritten rule!
Whew -- shark week is just about over. I can't take much more of watching people's calves being ripped off.
we won't he announced during a big news story.
Using forecast -- go to gym on bet; follow through
RT : and only the birth of could make me go to hemmingways, so you should too.
was born in the tar pits in CALI
DM me when you get back?
Darrelle Revis may hold out AGAIN? He hasn't made a decision yet apparently. As the Jets turn...
I'm going to soon
Sis: what are u going to wear today? Me: I'm going to wear my black-- Sis: are u wearing a white dress or red dress? :P Me: -_-
I wish I got naptime at school
I love Apple Vacations new booking engine, Apple Online 4.0, very user friendly.
Dear , what flaws? Either way your personality IS amazing. Never change <3
4/16/1756->J. Robinson:I have made bold, Sir, to offer my opinion freely...
YES!! Words of a genius(: okay that's it, I'm going spy mode and sneaking onto that bus NO MATTER WHAT!
Oh my goodness! If you are not watching President Obama speak LIVE on or turn in NOW! So much SIMPLE GOOD SENSE! WOW!
Someone please kill my allergies for me. :c
Google chat has auto-correct....More proof that robots are on the rise.
seal pro. I would not use anything else.
Romp n roll tonight!
watching Triple H DVD and WS
don't end up with an ankle injury! Seems to be the trend of the summer with me and my friends
Ay laid bak female will 4eva be loved by men...especially meh ya heard meh
Saw & really enjoyed both EDDIE & JACKPOT. I loved DEADFALL & almost didn't go since I heard some bad things about it.
I'm at the science museum with the family. Had to beat out the wife and kid for loudest of us 3.
#srietenorsays Learned the best way to use groups and lists on Twitter, Facebook & Linked In.
That one will be the consensus favorite. They need to do it now.
I do
Join our partners in a twitter chat on #edwaivers today from 11:30-12:30 EST!
Before I say anything, I just wanna start off by sayin, God is good all the time...oh don't nobody know what to say back to jesus?1
Imma go out to eat today by myself
Just landed in tahoe... And the party begins! Credit card roulette anyone?
Ugh Rosie annoys me so much..
Confucius say, writer with hand on keyboard lead to invented characters. Conversely, hand up ass lead to lonely life.
what if we had the fire truck outside and got a pic of it on the fire truck?
It's at brits.
Austin's hat size is 7 1/2 and his favorite color is RED...Not stalking at all ;)
not me, no way. get real
Virginia's for lovers, but trust...there's hate here.
*he kisses you very passionately* You're the prettiest girl in the world.
Do u think #AnneFrank went to heaven?
This heat is making me feel burned out. Think I need to figure out what gets me excited again.
For those interested... This chick is definitely #TeamMayweather! Cotto is going down!!!!
Looking forward to the In-n-out truck at lunch time today.
: Metal in Murfreesboro, 2/10, Boro Bar and Grill Featuring : and For Lack of Lythium http: ...
So disgusted that high schoolers & even middle schoolers are having multiple sex partners 😱 😷 stop it, & quit getting knocked up!
Happy Mothers Day to my future baby momma(s) <3
i'm finishing some lyrics, writing music and recording! Maybe one day you'll be using my music in your vids. :)))
Follow #gagafacts and learn a bunch of cool things about !
fuck that "Tommorow is a new day" bullshit . . The Reality is: when we wake up . .our decisions and our consequences are still there.
Thx!Following back! #charity for homeless veterans
Car Finance Website Car Loan 4U Comments On the Rise in Illegal car... The UK’s leading car finance website Car Loan 4U comments on the
Text "lucky5" to 68683 NOW to vote for Danielle from Compose the Octave in the KOLD Lucky Break Contest.
you should grow some waves. Oooohhhhh you'd be so fly! You'd need to wear a veloure track suit
marc gasol aint never been called soft, his whole life.
Avid readers want to take part, remix, and play with the story, and we want to deliver that in aesthetic form.”
i'm in like the most random good mood right now...
She's my lucky charm
just the 10am to 2pm 7 days a week...we'll expand soon as weather is prime! also via media we amend hrs if we got an event
Then be happy and enjoy your time with richard tomorrow
": I really think it is! like, like, idk you're all pretty :)" He needs a Mexican gf #ASAP, anyone? :)
I texted him & apologized.. but, I don't think he really cared. why'd he ignore you?
Dude, I hope you realize will beat seven shades of crap outta you
wait i left the party and im home by myself so why am i still drinking?
Diet strategy: take the fridge light out! <grin>
Bless you
gud luck cuzzo.hope u get tht job i feel tht all coons need jobs out dere
A toddler just handed me a wet piece of paper from out of her mouth.
Chapter 2012 Page 75 of 366 (in Jay Z's voice) "I look in the mirror, my only opponent"
Police looking for white man with grey sweatshirt, black backpack. Stopped man at Lahey Clinic in Burlington, let him go.
