Hosea Ballou~ Weary the path that does not challenge. Doubt is an incentive to truth and patient inquiry leadeth the way.
Best words in the English language: "Kitten shopping!"
Just seeing your tweet now - see I TOLD you I suck at tweeting. Trying to get back into it! ;)
We had 5 out of our 22
congrats to #ArtModell of the #Ravens who made the HOF cut to semifinalist, I don't think they'll put him in but you never know
What is the difference between being painfully shy or being aloof? Not sure I understand the subtleties.
will not be out this weekend; too busy between movin' & Easter with the fam, and yeah. lol
can't wait to have you co-host the telethon today!
That's what they always say... RT : I don't hate you visha there's no reason to.
it's about to be a #BTFparty in this bitch!
You, sir, are a lucky man. Although you may feel unlucky after shooting a 106 today.
Shut them down NY, Shut them Down!#RiseNYK! Let's do this NY.. You know we can.
#childhoodmemories falling off a slide after climbing up backwards onto the CONCRETE playground
RT “: Pokemon used to be tht shit back in the day. still Is!!
we used to live in Louisville Susie...wait 'til you see their "International" airport!
Wonderful day of rehearsal.. Movement and text work at canal site... Had some community participation from kids playing in the park.
adele interview on 60 minutes, preview of the #grammys unscientific opinion: she's going to win a TON.
Dang it - 2 run homer from the Cards. Come on Brew Crew!
He's still a lil sick but getting better. Thx!! RT : How's your baby doing?
$60! hello rich people? troy's joining you. yes i'll hold.
Why are these 3 young girls getting on the bus at 9 at night by themselves???
John Skelton bring those passes down.
The problem with the acceptance of fuzzy logic is that it feels natural for us to round things off.
Well, well, well. Our business cards always show up before we do.
Seven hours of studying done... and it was only 13 problems....
Bronson asked, "Why am I here? What did I do? What's going on?" ... "It was like a bad dream."
Playing with the Lab Band and Gretsch Guitar Ensemble tonight at Fitz's Spare Keys in Elmhurst. It's FREE!
Do you know somebody who makes tutus?
Same. “: I love job my”
wow! Thanks to y'all. :)
By this time tomorrow my IUE will be nothing but a distant memory.
Thanks Jay!!
Thanks for the RT!
I know.... Come on Henry Take Over My Updates Please!
Geminis r bad bitches ;)
Time for bed though, I'm exhausted ad have a busy weekend still ahead...
We are loving all the opportunities we are getting here at
I freaking love twizzlers!
ya think .
The Monday after a conference: the most I'll use LinkedIn for a year.
AW & Omg!! you having a 15?
to wake up early for breakfast? Probably a miracle.
My mom, mother of 4 children: "you can't bring children to a restaurant. They're animals. Animals"
get it together!
Phone on 20%
Looking forward to seeing old friends and making new ones at the #4C12 convention in St. Louis! Drop by our booth and say hi!
Money & success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there. -Will Smith
Big shout out to our #ppanf2 sponsors. Thanks much!
Growing out my facial hair to see how it looks...so far...very blonde and unnoticeable :/
I Am So IN Love With Falala feat Boyz ll Men!!!! I bought the album as soon as it came out... plz plz plz follow me... <3 ILY
I checked mtv website, I think there is only behind the scenes of the episodes I'm not sure lol thank you! :)
You named your kid heaven backwards? You must be super cool parents.
Back to the city. Would rather be here, though.
Time to drink coffee and write queries.
: as long as I am in the payroll in any capacity whatsoever I must request a hearing. Beware, technically u broke law too!
#ThanksNicoleFreedman you sent me a bike map, which I still use and installed a bike rack in a spot I suggested.
I'm great. I'm just finishing up a photo internship at Seventeen Magazine. Getting ready for a summer with a lot of shooting
The sun is so hot, The drinks are so cold, Your clothes just fall of, as the day goes ~
mia is the only1 who liks the sam guy as me tht dosnt irritate me if someone likes a celeb i lik i'm lik no stop it's not lik tht wit her :P
whys that?
Metro Station has never gotten old to me. As a matter of fact, they've made me quite happy these past few years.
Oh noes. What now?
"Beardsoup is the only reason I'm getting laid" --Ralph. Loving those happy customer testimonials!!
oh right, but um..shyeah! You're telliin me!
Trey Burke returning to Michigan per UM Athletics
my girl and i will be in vegas tomorrow. so excited for some good pool time stayin at luxor then monte carlo and then mgm
of course! Too easy .... welcome to the tweeps
Tell em its a homicide
We all start somewhere. But you get back up and try again.
Haven't touched the clubs in 2 years, should be interesting!
Thanks for sharing our most popular March promotional items blog. Glad you liked it :-)
We hope all of our fellow fashion lovers and followers are having a wonderful day today :)
You do! How about #SanAntonio? We'd love to help you relax.
All those fairytales are full of shit, one more fucking love song, I'll be sick.
Two nights in a row of compliments from people who appreciate my proper use of the English language. That's a good feeling.
follow so I can DM you. . .
oh hell no! thats my hunny! :))
Things are beautiful if you love them
Commute? :-) Let's compare.
implying he's being fake. Soo.
It's way too early
lol aight respect. I tap out
Glogster.com and Go Animate rock
yeah it is
well happy to have you on board now!
I'm both #teamtravis & #teamwas, but choosing just one it would be
Where are my fellow SPLers? I want to share the beery goodness!
Leather and Latex night!!! It's going to be a great party!
That was brilliant!
MY BODY IS BROKEN FROM THAT SLEEPER SUPLEX
hey babe <3
Think about a legendary manager in your company � you may be one, O revered one, or you may know one.
Fiend without a face
Random text from my dad: Do you have Brazilian friends? I wonder what that's all about
now i guess it's the cutthroat trout. thought it was the rainbow trout when i was young.
$HHII is interesting at the moment because it seems, to some extent, they are engaging penny stock advertisers to promote their stock.
"You might think I'm crazy. This chance to rendezvous. You might think I'm crazy. All I want is you."
I have to work until 9. Jer is working but might get off
aha!! Great win. Hopefully #Caps can do it too 2 nite! Thanks for listening
What's up Arianators?
true but azjiah's doing act 2 and 3😌😝😜
Long break in between quarters.
lol thank you mister :P
I'm prod of my page on the new story telling website. Even though I haven't written any stories yet
chorus from Norway swings w dukes tonight on riverboat Natchez. its a party!!
agreed :D sick regardless.
Rainy today but high 60s. I remember those arctic winters! BRRR!
My phone just autocorrected "wine" to "Enes". I guess I love sports more than alcohol. #sad?
i love twitter you choose to follower someone just because of the picture or something they say
arizona is scaring the shit out of me these days
You did get that I was joking right? How are you doing anyway?
I know, love. I've got a couple more followers though that I hope will follow your example. ;) Feeling better? Drama over?
Wow, Gruden is in love with Norv and AJ Smith. Is he interviewing for the job? The ass-kissing is impressive. (Would love him as coach)
Get down to for All-Night Happy Hour with ! Thurs Happy Hour 4p-2a. Send names to 916-295-0720 for free guest list.
Finally, I have company! I was hoping for an early out! Haha!
FREE TOP SHELF GRAM for All New Patients! 4 G 8ths for $50 ALL & EVERY DAY! FREE Additional Premium Pre-Roll TODAY ONLY! HAPPY FATHER'S DAY!
Hungover from wild show at Mohawk. Thanks to Gashcat, Globster and Persian Wars.
Betty White's Off Their Rockers 7.21 million viewers... who's watching this show???
Happy valentine's day everyone! Just a reminder that we are open today! Come have a drink at the bar or join us for dinner tonight!
I guess I'm just so scared of getting hurt again that I won't let things happen.
Lee Westwood
Go State - please continue crushing the hopes of the ND cult.
That call was awesome. B's fans are sour, saying Knuble interfered w/Thomas in the crease. Whaaaaaa....
makes complete sense! Again, thanks for the help, I appreciate it.
Vidal Sassoon: hair today, gone tomorrow.
:o how'd you know!!! lmao
great post on 's blog, thanks for sharing. I see you're an UT alum as well, glad to connect.
155 yard shot off pine straw, through the trees with a 50 yard hook and pitch it with draw spin. Yeah, I got that shot
Can you PLEASE wish good luck at her cheer competition on sunday?! IT WOULD MEAN THE WORRLDDDD <3 PLEASE Z
gettin' ready for Revival ; text me :)
I vote for for the Award in category #NatlIntlB2BServicesCo because of their unfailing commitment to SB success.
Chocolate is something that suits every occasion and can be gifted to anybody
That show is cool. Tell others to follow!!!!
The Fights, Disagreements, Struggle, Aside all that all I want is you <3
oh i dont know it
So glad you enjoyed it! Until lately I've only shared with staff I was training. I wasn't sure how it would go over.
How exactly do they attract more users?
I really did think Earl Scruggs would be the last of that generation standing...
Ahh I love Mayday Parade.
walk it off!
tell me about it. I googled it.
how come... Yu did me in last-night
Good luck! I'll be doing that in the next year or two.
Twitter is to tweets as Lithium Networks is to expert network solutions
Can't wait to see the Bollywood version of The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo.
going to play basketball with friends and then going to see the lucky one
I meant tweeps
actually no one will be in the office next week. oops.
I will miss Lala.com so much... back to using pandora and buying albums from amazon I guess...
💙FOLLOW HER PlEASE💙
umpiring baseball games.
i'm fresher than a mofocker.
Health product of the day: Multiple vitamin & mineral T/R (time released throughout the day!) $29 *A MUST have* mynsp.com/CleanStart
no worries. I'll bounce back. I just need some people to hang out with. Dolphin face and I are possibly hanging out sometime.
Is currently walking up Charles. Smokey says only you can prevent forest fires :-X
no not at all it just isnt cheer at all!
Do it. Save some stamina ford drums tonight, though.
Breakfast is General Tso's tofu. Visited my uncle this morning who said he "intervened" when my mom wanted to marry in college. Not my dad.
#WhatMeansTheWorldToYou? These 18 letters & these 3 words which are 'Austin Carter Mahone' ♥ this boy has such a great impact in my life :)
Lovin tonight, Bucks are winning, just shook Donald Drivers hand & Kato Kaelin's here haha!
eeep omg ok i just died but yeah i'll get a perf score for you mad dgakldhxiowpdhsklshf
This ref is having a hard time explaining overtime. I'll bet he's nervous talking to Andrew Luck. He's gonna be the No. 1 pick you know.
haha I might:) x
I'm gonna regret drinkin all tht soda 4 the rest of the nite...
Energy? Nope, I have none.
Cooking us up a new song, or five...
I still haven't finished my homework,
thx!! Did you call about that doggie?
Such an awesome idea, the plenary. Really sorry that I am missing it!
I Hope I brightened their day. all mothers should be appreciated 😄😃😊☺😉😌
ugh, not in a good mood..
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan has said that the violence in the country that followed his re-election "was not a spontaneous reaction
It's especially hard in emails. I wish it was appropriate to use smiley faces with everyone too :P
Dear parents, i dont want to get a job, leave me alone.
About to #Swag up with
Today's attendance at Keeneland on a cold, rainy Saturday: 23,823.
Thank you. You're making us blush. Wait until you try the Bromigo, which launches 9/8
but of course. email is
BEST PROFILE PIC EVER!!!
RT thanks for the follows. Here to help!
are you in 8th grade?? And my birthday is sept 3rd im 2 days over then you. ;)
Cannot sleep. Wth a
Massage Therapy is a discipline in Alternative and Complementary Medicine and can be prescribed by a dr. & covered by health insurance.
Feel like I could use a drink but I'm sticking to my plan
dm'd you on the wake up call.
I'll listen to Common before I need to go to bed. A lot like I do to any song you put out ever.
An intimate friend knows the secrets of your heart. ~ Maria Carter
There may be pain in the night, but joy comes in the morning.
"is it just as important to address the poverty, stress and hopelessness that some children bring into the classroom" =Blow
Please stop by The Clarion story meeting today at 3:30 in room 131 right next to The Clarion office
Of course! Best of luck to you guys with the #eatwelldowell program!
I like twitter profile: "Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to inspire them."
this whole time! Fuck!
Sweet shoutout to
Happy Mother's Day! :D
Waking up before dawn is a lot better knowing there are new features.
true that
Why does have to have a sore loser speech after the fight? Carlos stuck and moved. Constantly.
Yeah, probably. It's BS.
---> your voice gets me through the night #i'mcarolinablue
oh i don't know (;
Guurrll shake that Booty meat!
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one. -Dolly Parton
you shut up
RT : WHOLE BOWLING GREEN METRO KY TAKE COVER!
Amare punching glass and messing up his hand post game? What is this... in Acapulco?
Seeking businesses who would like to become more visible to potential customers on the internet...
I need a jelly belly intervention (If they could make them all taste like the yellow window-cleaner flavor, that might help).
It's the same thing every weekend night.....*sigh*
i can relate
Ah. I knew that assessment class was a tough one for you. What kind of employment are you looking for?
yea my email is
I wanted to talk to you after church tonight
An apology from Management and a "You were right, Gabe." would be nice.
- I hope you will do the right thing and move bill to the floor
Which are slowest? RT : One of these days I'll figure out why certain precincts take so long to come in.
You can't be scared honey! Lol
WRITING A BANGER!! (ECHO) tweety birds....HaHa..Be on the look out for my New Single "GO" you will not be disappointed. Something different.
absolutley amazing at worlds! hopefully i will see you and your team next year? (:
Eddie Johnson is crazy... in the right situation, Monta is top 15, easy... even in the wrong one (GSW 09-10) he's like no. 22
Me too! That part & then the part when the grandfather said the little girl didn't make it.
inspiring women and moms to dream we can do anything. And I for one know we can. Thank you Leslie!
all my diamonds imported and a 8 ball is what tha bitch jus snorted
Enjoy and congrats to your brother
You have a right to your opinions. I just don't want to hear them. -Anonymous
Congrats, "Mr. Mayor"! Can't wait to see what's in store for everyone this next season.
Landlord has not yet put up screens; random outdoor thumps highly likely to be squirrels running into a propped-open storm window. :)
A woman's mink coat represents the sacrifice of a lot of little animals, including her husband
“: Aaron touched both my hands. And hugged me in my seat. Life completed! 👍❤” Thank you!
Stupid: adj. unreasoned thinking or act. ex: Setting a laptop & backpack down next to a Crime Alert sign, then not returning for five hours.
Thank you.
-Next time you feel like sushi, come see us at Mizu Sushi in San Jose!
I don’t trust people very easily. So when I tell you that I trust you, please don’t make me regret it.
Twitter is way better on my new kindlefire than on my stupid phone! Many sorrys for all the typos to come
Made it from SxSW to Seattle for the Museum Ed NAEA preconference. Happy 30th anniversary NAEA Museum Ed Div
sounds like a great idea!!
Oh I still wear Fitteds All Day but nothing surprises me in fashion. Went from to ......I was like WTF
Great discussion abt. the key states and strategies for the 2012 Presidential Election at #politico1yc. What do you think will move voters?
thank u!!
Good Gang Music Factory presents... ANIMAL FRIENDS - our first album! BUY IT NOW at www.goodgangmusicfactory.com (CDs, iTunes, AmazonMP3)
Bob Dylan - Beyond Here Lies Nothin' - 10:46 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Indonesia is on TLC tv now! Hahahahha
What do you thinks is most likely? He had more than anyone else or that the test was bad? Chance this is overturned?
Majestic Mondays at One Up Elevated Lounge: Join us for lunch where chef inspired menu items await. Soup Du Jour; Manhattan clam chowder.
All candidates won.
Past and Present We live by the Golden Rule
I can do that
just got the galleys for Bryan Charles' latest, forthcoming from Open City in Nov. Can't wait to dive in.
The difference between a woman on her period and a terrorist is that you can negotiate with a terrorist.
I <3 your music selena !!! also can't wait until the premiere of your movie !!!! luv alots !!
"I'm not sure that out gays anal"
Badgers played hard, but couldn't pull off the upset at Carolina. Time to take care of business at home against Marquette and UNLV.
Enjoy him! He will grow fast. :)
Your back-to-back TV shows had me a my son rollin! Can't wait for the movie. Thanks for the laughs.
Well, that depends on more specifics and my receiving more info and details.
REALLY? So can you explain to me how they give the tomatoes chlamydia? It always seemed so cruel to me...
My cat didn't skip a beat. As soon as I came home she hopped up next to me and she has been my constant companion since then.
#LiesWeTell I did not have #SexualRelations with your #Sister.I did have #SexualRelations with your #Mother though..
Knock it off lmao! RT : Damn can u say str8 up sexy??? ;)
AHH. I'm Excited. :D Will you tell us when we can rsvp?
just cause yu think yu pretty dnt mean act like a bitch
lol! I am sure Sosa still has bats floating around Wrigley. Lol
NHL season starts tonight. Good thing there's no Brewers game!
thanks so much for tweeting about our Merk deal! followed!
Dial-in info for #PdPlus call w/ & Davis Segal: 712-432-0075, code 336319. See you there!
I think that Sterling will end up dead.
Am back home to cali for the next week.. glad to get out of Austin right now, it was 96 and humid when I left, thought I was gonna melt
excited for your presentation on creating powerful personal branding using social mediums #UCLeads , will you see this now?
cool! demo time!! awesome!
"As soon as I raise my hand, I warn you, it'll be too late to run."
My reading has narrowed down to one update at a time. I miss my books.
Thanks. I just did.!
“: Thanks for the great cup of coffee and great talk #” pleasure was all mine Fang will do again soon
I hope one of your kids is gay. If you don't like gay people, blame straight people. They are the ones having gay kids.
I always have long lasting freindships.
college basketballs over, now it's time for college football !
SHUT THE FUCK UP.
Will we allow multiple? U St/African Am Civil War Memorial/Cardozo/Bens Chili Bowl/CVS/Rite Aid/Busboys&Poets
please follow this belieber now>>>
Tinsley, you absolutely suck.
Judith Lederman: the importance of bringing together as many art teachers together to talk about proceses of inquiry.
I know, right? The waiting until keys in hand is going to be horrible.
Morbidly obese couples have a tv show, and this is ok??? Hm
I want it to snow! #can'twaittosled
Last night was NOT the night to have insomnia… need energy for a important client call today
Thanks so much Joel. Congrats on everything and looking forward to April 5th! Let's Go Bucs!!
it' s never the right time to say goodbye.
HER OUTFIT IS SO CUTE.
Maybe can get to book him on July 2nd. He plays in OH on the 3rd. :)
Democrat Jose Javier Rodriguez with a second straight impressive fundraising quarter, $20,970 for Q1, total of $47,365!
so emotional I've seen it so many times and my heart still can't take it
Plan for tomorrow will be to run 16 on the Ozaukee interurban trail. Should be nice in the am
But it's whatever! lol We are going shopping in Manhattan then heading to Queens to see friends! I love NY! :) xoxo
RT I hope you're wearing your bike helmet while using the Internet... because... meow.
I never imagined myself as just an ordinary player
#shoutout my new followers thank you!!!! #yngsquad #teamfollowback get down wit us!!!
you need to tell your brother to stop trying lol
9 out of 10 employees agree. RT The quickest way to demotivate me: make it all about metrics.
Hey washington you're going down. Bear down arizona
So much this. RT : I expect you all to share your stories of self today when convincing voters
“: Happy Birthday and Congratulations!” thanks Yvette.
Wish I was at Coachella to see the Tupac hologram.
Wish we could've seen this sooner! We hope to see you soon Joanna! Have a BLAST @ the White Party!!!
Live dangerously.
Just got done finishing up a couple instrumentals for #PopHour at !.. Absolutly insane!! Big S/O to
I could not be any happier about this weather report.
Can I be off work now
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow????
Shout out to all our new followers. Much love to all of you and Good bless.
Baseball Tonight <3
Frickin yeah! All that stuff is dope!
What an incredible and inspiring Foundation!
we are almost a wrap. It will be a great one.
no collizion crew had to stay :( ugh really dont like fanny pak..
Welp, Monday's almost over. Now to just figure out what to do for dinner.....any suggestions?
So I read Scarlett Johansson's article for the Huffington Post. I didn't think I could love her more than I do. But I can. She's stunning
No charges in Grant HS alleged hazing case. Victims don't want to testify
THNX 4 FOLLOWING CUB. FOLLOWING IN RETURN
JUST VOTED FOR YOU GUYS :) Hope I get a shout out... *AHEM* Mimi Cunningham *Cough*
Enjoyed "Can't Find My Way Home (Live From Madison Square Garden)" by Eric Clapton & Steve Winwood on Pandora
Omg , chatt called me a dick , haha ! :p
Just signed up to volunteer for , looking forward to helping out for this awesome cause!
way to go ! let's keep going boys.
The final score was 63-69 Kentucky. We played a great game.
Thanks for the follow, , , Have a good one!
.: Why don't we write about peace innovation?
Its freezing at the park:(
OH please that is just becasue youtube hates the cock
you looked overwhelmed tonight, in a good way. A lot of us were, too. I think my little heart exploded at one point. :)
Bye bye boobies
The library will be closing in 30 minutes. Everyone have a great Derby weekend!
Feels like a 70s lite rock day.
Enhance Your Skills in Social Media, Presentations & Media Outreach. PD workshop Sunday at
Your beautiful <3
I say it all about money
Got the nicest card in the mail! Made me smile :) Love you! And yes we need to get together SOON! #reunion xoxo
Making my mommy breakfast ☺😘❤
you're the best dude podcasting about movies out there. You should know that.
That was my Impression haha
Finding a ton of job listings on Washington Post website...why didn't I think to look there before?
LOLOL that was a wig!
We can't wait! It's going to be such a fun event! : )
90 degrees + in Indian wells this weekend?..... Can't wait, it's gonna be hard not to
word up lmao
thanks for having me at GE.
Trying 2 get real loose 2nite after work...T.G.I.F....
Flora Edwards~ In helping others we shall help ourselves for whatever good we give out completes the circle and comes back to us.
I agree sir! They looked good last night!
Happy #stpatricksday! Come celebrate Italian-style with $3 Peronis all day long!
Cooking channel : great tips for quick and easy dishes. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Bobby Flay
+You+gona+be+at+fresno+C.A.+Bat+im+from:+Bulgaria--+City:Pazardjik+if+you+came+on+Bulgaria++you+gona+be+may+guest+on+my+house
i just want to fuck you! lmao
Bout to run to WalMart right quick
Can you please follow For me She follows back!(:
Can't wait to see yinz tonight : We're in Pittsburgh, PA tonight (4/18) at the Thunderbird Cafe with ! 8pm.
Good Morning (: Have a great Monday.
The discovery that today is National Pretzel Day is making me thirsty.
Come enjoy Nutty Noodles on the patio tonight. It's a beautiful evening.
: the Internet community is becoming one that can stop almost anything but start almost nothing
Hey Fayven, have you ever been so in love that you just CAN'T stop thinking about them and it gets in your way?
In memoriam: "travelling is insane, need to take it easy" "going out was super, drinking water" "univercity was amazing, need to see a doc".
Foot Injections Are on the Rise; Real Men Use Moisturizer
Just... like... in the street with James Garfield (the boar’s head, not the prez)? Because I bet she’d do that.
Based on how tired I am and how much is left to do, my arrival at DLF will be late... but sang a great Water Night this evening
A Romantic Story... Part 1 [EXPERT]
Just waking up, and I have a 8am class in 2 weeks
Put in a good driving lesson and worked out today was a good day.
I love
Crystal made her instagram name cool7787
If I vote for Donald Driver tonight on #dwts can I also vote tomorrow in the Wisconsin primary?
Hey Hipsters! There is a level of cowardice lower than that of the conformist: the fashionable non-conformist. -
I feel another day of shopping coming on...
I enjoyed reading, thank you for sharing.
Let's do this! All Red #Sixers <3
Joyce, you have a great commercial look. It looks like I will offer my Atlanta workshop either the 3 or 4th of December
no one will ever burp and get a burst of energy like this chick
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 307
What an inspirational night it has been.
Austin has a heart. Unlike most guys in the world who don't care about girls feelings, Austin does. He really truly does. And I know it.
Clouds and light rain this holiday morning. Nice time for some quilting. :-)
See you Friday!
“: Will stop by at Golf Show. See you in a few weeks. Bet you can't wait to escape the cold!” Amen!...Cheers, Flash!
patent pending patent pending patent pending RT : Keep your friends close & your IT guy closer cc: &
long time since the home w the Studio deal I learned u new Run DMC when ur ready to return to NYC luv
Guestlists are filling up fast! DM us now to avoid disappointment.
Will check out your list (thanks!). And agreed it is a great idea - we're onto it!
Please note: Categories are listed alphabetically, and within each category individual quotes are in no particular order
The significant problems we have cannot be solved at the same level of thinking with which we created them. Albert Einstein 1879 - 1955
3Bet took the under and thinks Turkey Day is off to a great start!
Up and at 'em on #NHprimary day!
Arrived in Milwaukee, lunch at Soup Brothers, headed to meeting at Marquette
LA native Dorell Wright's out at Dodger Stadium tonight
Trying to find tickets for the #Thunder #Heat game Sunday night
Two Reasons Why It's So Hard To Solve A Redneck Murder: The DNA all matches & There are no dental records
I can't stay mad at Jonas for ever!
You're so hot Zach
Fortunately Billy Joe would be the first one to admit that - Though I am sure that does nothing to help fill those band's wallets
I don't flirt, I'm just... nice to everybody.
Making Money on digital downloads? ... ha ha, better start touring!
Justin Bieber & Jaden Smith Release New Track for New Year (LISTEN) Justin Bieber is still going hard in 2012, already releasing a new so
you and me both
“: Check out op-ed on #CISPA Think of this bill as TSA for the internet. Now how you gonna vote?
Yes! Let's help raise $10K to beat ALS! Takes just 2 seconds.
That's cause you're not seeing Beirut. ):
You think so??
TMZ time :) (the real one)...I do my best.
oh sleep, as the end of the school year draws near, you become increasingly more difficult to obtain.
#DesignBizChat overtaken by spammers - ending it here today - too bad - such great info shared.
alittle better how u feeling was how I felt yesterday
thanks!!! YOU are amazing!!!
Who wants to follow me
Sometimes happiness comes from where you least expect it :)
It is important to focus on your own feelings, honor those feelings, and know that you do not have to justify what you feel.
Change of direction and focus with my duties and responsibilities at BME. This could be fun.
Libya,hah, who's next? the PEOPLE didn't win this war, the PROPAGANDA did. there's nothing to celebrate
no problem :) its only a follow ;) lol
u need to think about ur loss and killurself 3 times lls
The Loudoun Landscapes photography blog has been overhauled. Photos can now be searched by topic. Pastoral.LoudounLandscapes.com
happy birthday!!! [:
A drink a day keeps the shrink away.
Antibiotics means no Friday afternoon bar cart.
Looking for Skilled musicians in the Valley (AZ)
Happy 146th birthday
lmao o.o
#CandleSwag. i still remember :) ♥
why don't you tell me, where your heart was broken
#echelon3000 tonight everyone free all night ladies drink free
also, check out queenofthering.tv to stay up to day with all the events and battles!
The Turin Horse (2011)
Back at work after 2-day 24-hour/day nursing duty for my hubby's shoulder surgery. OUCH. For both of us!
great pictures thanks for sharing.
Hey, by any chance do you know a girl called Sarah Rooney? She's a girl on youtube who talks bs, she says she knows you...jw...
#YouTooDamnOldToBe workin' in the mail room! How come you haven't been promoted up out of here yet?
spam cures allergies.
RT “: Kevin Harlan, Cheryl Miller and myself have the call tonight, Portland vs Lakers...”
WORK FLOW
I assume Garcon signing with the Redskins left them no choice. Definitely huge to have his experience to help Luck.
Atlas gets a shout out! Why no mention of soon-to-be-defunct H Street Playhouse? Just sayin'...
make me proud !
"Manic Monday Follows "
hey chris reply there buddy ha cool man
I hope you save one for me :)
My little sister kills me with her annoyence.
Ben Breedlove. Wow.
You were in my dreams last night. And even there I was head over heels for you. Still breathless every time our eyes met.
"hold on eva longoria is texting me" lmaoo wow :)
neighbors are playing shitty music, time to put mine on full blast.
anyone else feel a crazy shift of change lately?! im kind of into it...change is good...
- thanks Sara! Keep me posted on your endeavors - love to support!
< aint nobody worse than fat when he in his zone lol
#sla2011 the wise panelists in 104 A careers discussion (Rink,Arnold,Jones,Salonen,Edwards) are why I love this profession
We got two pieces that were NOT created to GO together...
m I wanna watch that!!
This whole not being able to workout thing likely will be the death of me.
When we love someone we'd do anything for them, but sometimes we go to the ends of the world just to realize that they aren't there.
Can't Wait For DOAWK Your Such A Great Actress And Sweet And I Don't Think U Could Forget So! Beautiful!
tough luck :) I mean -___-
Stepping back in time - Honolulu Intl Airport looks much as it did when we left Oahu in 1975! Still has laid back, retro vibe, so not 2012!
I want to start my own Super PAC
Thank you!! We're so excited!
Tweeting should be looking over my notes for my exam n a min #dontcare tweeting continue
thanks for the follow! :]
@ For what?
that good, huh?
Signing NY contract is Holy Grail to many writers. Believe it gives validation as a professional writer.
I'm making waffles
Met some great students at Marquette University's career fair yesterday!
Have y'all moved to 5.09/6.0 yet? How have the Mail Manager improvements gone for you?
Then you should listen to "Changed The Way You Kiss Me ;) RT : Dead mau5 and dubb step.
It's supparrr cold!! Never again am I going outside...
I think so too!
Pgh area musicians: have a friend seeking pro kybd and gtr player for working band. Email me for contact info/details.
Three days without a phone was enjoyable. Bars tonight anyone?
C/O '12 gonna b miss so dearly =,( ima miss yall
Finally finally have my car back.
Thanks dudes! UDABES RT Check out our buddies in Destruction Of A Rose right now!
WHAT WHAT WHAT HOW I MET YOUR MOTHER WHAT
what about texas!!
I... SOMEONE JUST KILL ME NOW..... NOT A GIRL!!! WHY MUST IT BE A GIRL!!!!
Lawd have mercy, why is there a customer at my store rockin a mullet??? Sekurity!!!!
It's Cinco De Mayo! Go out and support your local mexican restaurant!
I'm not Marvin... You're not just gonna hit on me like I'm some little bitch... You can... and will... get hit the fuck back.
nicki minaj i am your leader.mov: via FREESTYLE
RT:Everyone go follow
Gluten free means I am not chasing down the suv that advertises "girl scout cookies on board" in this parking lot right now
Brad Richards gets the goal.
or what if they just came to you so you don't have to get up
We're meeting with a restaurant owener later this week for some guidance! So exciting!
Is the hubby at work? If so- will he be able to make it home?
STOKED 2 work w/ Team Jane McGonigal (, ) for #SxSW. I srsly love saying her name: McGonigalMcGonigalMcGonigal
Hi Jennifer, how are you? Happy with the Luck pick I imagine. I will email you about a car show on the Speed Channel.
Just an hour away from LIVE tweets.
smokes up! Cheers.
Thanks for coming out to see us after working the phone banks hard!
Just had our 1st official planning mtg re: ICTC orientation in June! :)
Where is ?
Happy birthday and !
": Some girls are like a phone call from a private caller... you can pick it up, but chances are they just want money."
Hand ball by Serbia in the box costs Serbia a point. Ghana wins by a great penalty kick.
Feeling especially creative today...must be this amazing weather.
Keep your eyes pn - he's sharp and going far.
iJever needs a time out, you guys. In a corner. The irrelevant corner.
The Hero and the Crown by Robin McKinley
my bag while I was at a coffee shop, discussing how to fix the education system.
got a you a rommm
i swear hmwrk
OMFG i hate twitter
Reporting for Spec, sitting a few feet from Arianna Huffington.
Okay it's really late over here and I've gpt school early tomorrow so I'm gonna call it =) Goodnight =)
We just received three beautiful scarves with notes from Julie Petersen in Colorado. Thank you Julie!
Tryna stay positive !
horrible year in movies
said it best in #welldone! Just wanna make it to heaven. Just wanna make it in! That's being and icon in the kingdom!
FINALLY my apartments have #GAC!!
"How do you dance to this?" RT “: Ba Ba Ba Benny and the jets...song playing at the #flockinshindig”
Like our Facebook page.... Keep up witt our updates and when the site will be ready for testing....
BMW Joins VW, Daimler Beating Estimates as Porsche Gains - BusinessWeek
Go ! Great win vs Ohio state!
thanks Big Kev. I appreciate that. I've had an awesome day thus far. Just finished a Great Back workout!!👍
I just looked at the clock, and I honestly thought it was like nine am.
Oh, word, Drexel library? Y'all don't enjoy my impassioned grooving to this neo-soul? That's what those stares mean? Okay.
RT RT : Hurricane Irene strengthens, heads for U.S. mainland
#BOYFRIENDvideo in 3 days. I'm beyond excited.
Unfortunatly, there's truth in ur last tweet.
I'm followin u already, follow me
Happy Valentines Day Everyone! Be sure to spend time with that special someone.
New pro pic to show support 2 the flawless inspiring graceful showed me 2 hold strong to my beliefs no matter what they say
Hoping to propose SEA Anglophone Lit panel for #MLA13 w/ C. Naruse. In the process of getting others on board!
both. What is proper attire for a phone interview? #sleeveless ? #tuxedoteeshirt ? .
is awake, more or less
USA still leads medal count with 8 total medals!
Heaven is where the cops are British,the cooks are Italian,the mechanics are German,the Lovers r French,and it's all organized by the Swiss.
where is it?
after party after the show, I wanna stay but I gotta go... RedEye
Ha I blend in with the elementary school kids lol
Also gonna see the comedy/horror movie Detention (w/Josh Hucherson & Will Wallace) at AMC 8 Burbank.
I like it. There's a ramp up to the door and everything.
Thank the Lord I am still graduating May 5!! God is a good God that never fails!!! Ready to walk across that stage! GOODBYE SCF!!!
Called that crash. Danica totally dropped an F bomb while she wrecked. She is not happy
Can portfolio theory save lives? - Reuters
oh :) well.... HAPPY LATE BIRTHDAY! :D
But never forget that his Kingdom is a tangible kingdom built not with hands but with His gracious love
June 4th its supposed to happen... keep your fingers crossed!
I'm on my way to work. Let's make today better than yesterday.
ED ROBINSON'S SONG "OUR HEROES" NO. 10 ON NEW YORK CHARTS
Happy Valentine's Day!
I still need all your numbers! My phone got wet and lost 500 of my 750 numbers!!!
it's funny how you're really going behind her back and going to other girls.
Starting #50shadesofgrey tonight. I'm nervous!
Check out the event we are hosting to cure those curious minds! All details are posted on our Outward Bound Denver FB Page! Check it out!
RT : B&N & Microsoft team up.... Barnes & Noble, which analysts believe needs deeper financial pockets and a global......
So hungry can't wait for this summer have a feeling it's gonna be pretty awesome oh and thanks for the follows all of you amazing ppl
There sure is A LOT of spam here in Twitter huh? Oh well time to go clean out my spam followers.
I hate rushing and being late more than anything. It stresses me out.
Now that looked like a $78 million toss.
Trying to convince friends to hit up Nature Research Center grand opening in Raleigh 2night. Because I am 9. And an undercover scientist.
My body is like breakfast, lunch, and dinner
tell to stop picking fights .. She is an instigator.
Doing all my hw today. Fun......... I lov distractions :) #
Anyone in need of a background vocalist for a tour. Im ready now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#stm2012 In biological sciences, it is harder to get at truth in part because peer-review cannot eliminate the errors
why thank you so much! Congrats, you're the first to wish me one!!!!! :)) <3
and don't u see it being incredibly cumbersome for poker sites and players alike, not to mention some segregation of player pools
Children who's bio-mom abandoned you, remember, you can't change who your parent is, but, you can break the cycle when you have children
I will help support your English-first plan!
no you do not need to interview before.
Absolutely perfect day for a picnic! Swing by for your rations!
I have to put cocoa butter on my bite wounds & I can't put it on without thinking of ' impression of Aaron Neville
is it possible that the Milwaukee Bucks can trade for Amare Stoudamire?
go to sleep; good night ;)
"Say hello to my little friend!"
No matter how you try to protect your children. They will eventually get hurt and you will hurt in the process!
amazing at worlds!
Downey & Cumberbatch are the ying and yang (or is that yang & ying?) of Sherlock. I, being an integrated personality, love them both. :P
But if that's your only chance to kick a lil' white girl with a pink helmet, who am I to stand in the way?
With family seeing kyle before he leaves tomorrow :(
I like Shark Tank and Dragon's Den. Yesterday, I watched a little bit of 'The Pitch' on AMC, seems pretty interesting! And u?
So far the best season finale this past week goes to Vampire Diaries and Supernatural... Let's see what Glee has to offer tomorrow!! :D
i try to imagine your laying right next to me buts its not the same cuz i cant feel you there holding me.
Driving around LA running errands listening to French Lessons on CD. :) Parlais vou Francaise?
#NowWatching What Happens In Vegas
ISO: Nice librarian lady for the sharing of the living space for Annual.
Thanks you! Enjoy your trip and hopefully you can catch the video of online later.
“: Just saw a woman with her boob out breastfeeding in a smiths parking lot. #smh at least use a blanket...”
Pinterest is the new "Lawyers' Delight" - you're absolutely right!
Ace Parking is a company but ultimately we are a family. Without the support of each other we can't be great.
CAN-SPAM Tip 3: maintain 1 master database throughout your company. If someone unsubscribes from one list, they must not get another email.
I wanna go to the cornyval ! ^.<
HOME SWEET HOME!😊
dont get why the jump and all but ill wait to see where it goes.
Yes!! This is when I think I need an agent.
It's going to be a long night.
Quick show of hands: How many people are a little sad there was no snow this morning?
Well said! RT : Shout out to my #hawkeyes for a good season. Next year we dance too.
Who do you have to fuck to be the coach on MTV Made "I want to be a ladies man"
Oy, it's been a rollercoaster, but it looks like DS is GWU-bound. He wants DC no matter what, and Georgetown said no (sob).
I think I have perfected the art of cooking Pizza Rolls in the microwave.
Rt if you'd help me tomorrow to convince my mom to get tickets for 's concert in NYC by tweeting #MomLetEmilyGoSeeAustin?!!(:
RT I need to find a photographer in ATL
That would be correct RT : Are guys that retweet Trey Songz gay? =\
I'm not totally sure, I'll be able to answer that by the end of summer. I'm good with numbers and computers.
A FUCK nigga that's that shit I don't like.
As mentioned in my presentation at #PaymentsSummit, expect behavioral changes. Things will be much different 18-24 months from now!
Playin in 2k he one the first game by 19 but im win dis game
Good day, bad day: April 30, 2012
come on, we all knew you'd run for it eventually anyway!
Watching #FantasyFactory and the songs creates are brilliant!
OMGG we should go to Milkshake city & get like our own milkshakes named after uss. ok. my life's plan xD
that's our motto. we've been at Mimosa Sunday Brunch since Friday
Ol' mine.
How did lightning not strike him dead? RT : Giuliani: "I think using 9/11 as a source of negative campaigning was a mistake."
“: This boy just RTd something I tweeted 3 days ago” thirsty
Third Way Latest: Third Way Salutes President Obama's announcement of support for marriage for gay & lesbian cou... /fyis/2077
I am a Bat at the Flea. Why? What's up?
Burning both ends of the candle (and everything in between LOL). No, I wouldn't have it any other way! EN FUEGO.
Respect is the ultimate currency
Good shit bro👏👏 RT : NU next year ! Let's go
It's really expensive :p But I was talking to my parents this morning and they said that I might be going :) SCORE. hehe
thats what I like to hear! Burgatory is reason enough to visit pgh.
indeed! I kinda had a feeling it would come to this, so I registered for a poly-sci course next quarter! lets see how that goes
“: Mustn't post to before coffee kicks in...” -- This made my morning. +1
Truffle Parmesan Popcorn on the HH menu
Questioning tip: If they say, "I'll be back in touch", ask when a good time will be to call them if you have not heard from them yet.
The young lady seems like a perfectly nice person. She's getting her award. What's he doing up there? He's a jackass. RT
Without Facebook, how would I know that my aunt likes Target? *facepalm*
I'z forgot my tumblr... :'c
Its the REGULAR SEASON. Playoff intensity picks up. Indy deep too
Lots of show coming up!!! Take a gander at the schedule!!!! I have pre-sale tickets for Peace Though Music Fest, Miami Valley Music...
Getting some cocktail shrimp in the 1933 lounge; love this place :)
Hope you have had the chance to check us out man!
lol yeahh! :D all like walk up to them and go "marry me! I love you!" XD
so girl come on you've got it wrong
THANK YOU! You are a kind person and the world needs more like you!
Who did that to you????? xoxoxoxo
Care to submit a project to us for cutom making your own porn using #crowdfunding? We are the hottest thing in the porn industry.
An AMAZING performance by and !
Made a Costco trip today. Is this what being a grown-up feels like? If, so, I don't like it one bit.
6 pounds dropped!!!! 10 more to go :-)
RT “: I think that it's symbolic that it's a problematic hashtag. #alt #altac #mla12 #s595” Agreed!
Now I must find out what went down in Onslow County as I slept last night. Let's see who was behaving badly...
Are you kidding? Does he have any more info? Neighbors were telling me they thought city inspectors were around today. I doubt that.
I had big plans to get things done today on my day off and right now Its a slow start.
Lovely bday dinner last night!!
I love Roy Hibbert's body language and court demeanor.
I was planning to come to your place. Can I bring beer? RT : MNF twits,where's everyone watching it?
RT T4: Is there a point where new technology implementation will level off, allowing us to reap the rewards of the modern system?
Scientists have yet to explain how 300 people can be working at a Wal-Mart but only 4 registers will be open.
I:go on then A: well, a few months ago, i met this wounderful girl, she's a fan, and wow we've got to know each other so well (c)
tis true. Oh how I do love mlb.tv
Poised Creation is now building our network of non-profit charity organizations to work alongside.
YAY (yea isn't good enough)
between a rock & a hard place...
do not ignore me. I would like you to tell me you love me as much as I love you
's redneck word of the day is snot. Used in a sentence- Snot that bad, it could be worse!
If happy ever after did exist, I wish to be holding you like this.
RT I predict that in ten years, all companies will have or want an ontologist on staff.
The Korean Rice Bowl special is scheduled next for Nov. 17-23
Endtroducing DJ Shadow blowing my mind again like it did 15 years ago. It's easy to forget.
Who is your favorite President ?
I kiddingly asked my little brother if he wanted to be my Valentine....he looked at me and said "thats sad" so seriously haha little bastard
I swear i thought dis girl on da train was jabriah but she dnt look like a nigga
Learn who your prospects are and cater your content to them.
-Doc Rivers: "With our ball pressure, we know we're going to get beat off the dribble at times. The only guy that can't get beat is the help
so, sportsworld has 2 of the most heralded icons garnering headlines past few days
I guess, but this just bothers me for some reason lol RT : i'll give em a pass. Thats that queensbridge love.
lmao I'm Bored
Did you just send me a text? Because I didn't get it.
John Laurinaitis: "I am going to give you what I want!"
You're welcome! It's been okay here, just a little busy. I hope the launch party is a big success! :)
See gents, all it takes is a nice little run and the Garden will awaken
“: It's been so long since someone picked me up and spun ME around without worrying that's how I go the job... #MadMen” / Oh, Ida
Looking for "Greenminded" followers. We will have updates on new, products and other "Green" info
Love that Kimi is trending!
The hardest part about starting our business was finding venues who liked good music!
He's no Kevin Correia.
sorry, Diamond Club, I'm really slumming it today.
Okay okay ... Cool story dude.
Bolton you wankers! Play well and stay up! They're one of the teams that have been in the premiership since i started following football!
Stop exposing me... -____-
Go to Albuquerque and play at Sandia casino.
#Earthquake hit peru buildings shake 350 miles (600 km) away in capital
There were so many black people!!
Its time for and The Girl is first on my schedule...
♡ Happy Mother's Day to you too :-) hope it's a good day for you. Tell your mom I said it too! ♡
Finally it happened
definitely. I assume this is just a temporary productivity hack. must get many customers from Twitter.
how soon is soon?
I'm rootimg for whichever U.S. Open women's player isn't faking an orgasm on every shot.
We are headed to the Chicago Half Marathon Expo this weekend. Will you be there?! Please stop by our booth and say hello!
Finally getting around to watching "Outbreak." Baby steps, people. Baby steps.
Social Network wins Best Editing. They did a great job keeping all those hoodies in the shot.
This doesn't give you the right to act a fool at times. You know better so do better. Simple as that.
That was an amazing 1st OT!!
Alotta peoples eyes are wide shut
Wheels when you want them? That's our game plan. DM us for a membership deal- we can help!
"Are the Europeans so deluded they truly think there is a way out of this? Do they really think that printing Euros will bring growth"
S/O to my new follower
Boy stop!!!
Newman recommends the Youngstown Center for Working Class Studies
dam c chek me out got much love for you
Or illiquidity, as it were.
I really don't feel like being here. 2 ready to make a quick 180 to the door
#theraid look like it's going to be decent..
Sorry. Wasnt referring to name of prop, but value passed. Not a big deal. No worries.
RIP Whitney Houston.
I can't fall asleep either
thanks for following! You have such an interesting platform. Looking forward to connecting!
Im Rollin Im Rollin Im Rollin .. I love your Mix tape and I Freakin love You <3 ; )
Ahh! I wanted to go to that!!
- Someone was trying to break into a home in Detroit, resident had a gun & was fed up...popped the intruder 3 times.
The end of this blues sharks game is insane.
At hospital with Tina for gluecose test for 3 hours!
I WAS PLAYIN WITH U.......LOL
You a real bitch come fuck with a real nigga.
i have never missed my dad this much in my life
he is a cutie. And max seems to fit. Looks like im goin to NC to see if I can work on Iron Man 3. Wish me luck I miss set work
... Haha :) Totally loved it... ha! You can throw me those set ups anytime ;-)
I cant tell if the guy next to me is trying to fart, or holding one in.
On sportscenter highlights of LSU @ Alabama hoops, huge cheer from Bama crowd when LSU walks ball across half court. Hahaha I love sports
Why is it that on beautiful days, I’m always working and on days I don’t work, it’s cold and rainy?
beautiful day in the city! Is it Queen's Day?
The helicopter has landed
I'm going to be lucky to stay vertical today. Better schedule a nap for this afternoon, or I'll be in trouble later tonight.
Happy Cyber Monday! Groupons make great gifts (wink wink)
Try again vallia
This Saturday 1145 Seymour Swan and company New York's top comics rock nyc 9172746774 or 2126965233
I'd like to run over the word with my bike.
you damn right
Great win Ohio Bobcats!!!
...who actually cares about what phone you have on instagram? Hint: not me
Brain/lunch break: The View is on - watching hot topics - back to work @ 11:30
Shout me out. Mention me. Ill doo the same if you do it for me. (;
Learning much more about why a Carmel Valley woman was arrested for her 4-year-old son's death. The troubling court appearance on News8
You too! =D
"corporate accounts payable, this is Mina speaking... just a moment...."
What kind/amazing/wonderful soul wants 2 hook me up w/ tix to Nick Offerman aka at tonight? ??
way too many dirty tricks played by GOP ovr the years to tweet, dating back to McGovern campaign
with all due respect, how could Juan St. not be higher priority than Sept. 2013? Horrible street.
Yesterday I was holding my sister at dinner and this boy walked by and said happy mothers day O_o. People always assuming.
now that's a tuxedo!!! Bravo!
hahahahahah I love it! That song reminds me of Rebecca Black
Why didn't someone sell me on the iPhone sooner???
Laughable RT : Its A female in my.mentions Talkin bout she can think like A man
So... happy b-day 2 former Wizard Calvin Booth, along w Breckin Meyer, who is "Franklin" of "Franklin & Bash" (& 2 yrs older than Booth)
Wish I could come up with something funny to say about an unwed single teenage mother being against gay marriage cos kids need mom AND dad.
Thanks for the follow! Following you back! HA!
Everyone else will be going to Hedo Saturday. I will be at SlutWalk DC Sat. Hedo on Sunday... when r u going?
Next year will be better cause #MileyIsComingBackBitches ;)
sure did! When is,black sesame coming back?
I wish I could skype with one day ♥
I got a habit of calling everyone 'Honey' because I usually can't remember their names.
Without a doubt, you're all I dream about.
Well concluding my early school leave, the officer basically just wanted our ID# and name, and didn't want us to get hurt or in trouble..LOL
The only people you need in life are the ones that need you in theirs.
Let go Lakers, championship bound w/the fearless leader Kobe Bryant.
Just opened a bulk mail from that begins "As a veteran, you have unique needs." Mailing list mix up, I guess.
uh oh
thanks to everyone that helped make this show possible! #watts #coinops #yucky we had the best time!
Guys Who Know What They Want.
Thank you!
Developing a healthy relationship with God requires a healthy meal plan...meditation, consecration, application...watch the results!
specifically is was the light & panel over the door of the car. Not sure exactly the problem was.
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is on!
lust left lame open mic...at the pub now...music sounds well enough but they just finished set...anyone @ s. sun? if u r dm me.
Elizabeth Taylor was a stone cold fox. That is all.
YES! I love that story!
My phone just autocorrected KU to kU.....even my iPhone knows Kansas sucks
Pulling out gum at school is like pulling out crack at a rehab center.
At #attdevelopersummit hackathon? Remember to sign up for an account and email to get your I <3 APIs t-shirt. :)
So sleepy ^_^
Thank you!
Gum be gone, so it was said, so I made it happen, and the customers smiled as they happily entered a safe, clean, inviting store.
Just visited in NYC. Very very cool space. Love what those guys are doing !
58° and sunny for ! Perfect weather for a Currach row - especially when it's on a float!
#ThirstyThursday May 17th $1 Beers & Dogs - Great Music with DaveMay & SouthernFried right after the game!
": 1975.......that is all" How do u explain Crosby spooning Malkin? With Bylsma filming it?
in excited now :)) yayyyy
Definitely taking advantage of my companion flight benefits this summer. get ready for
Lol probably ;) Too busy thinking of me downloading his new song ;) haha :')
so excited to get the sneak peak and help out with the collection!!!! #wine or #champagne lol!.xo
Listening to The White Stripes & cleaning my apartment.
I accidentally got original life cereal instead of cinnamon life. Ill never forgive myself.
#edu11 emerging tech up at night - how should IT org change in response to emerging technologies?
Thibs looks like he wants to get on the court
You guys are twins!?!
It's Global Domination Baby! www.coldwarclambake.com
I only made it about 20 pages, so I'm impressed. Life's too short for books you aren't enjoying.
yah,I can do that. :)
kk y'all pic time over but i just love those four boys so much :D not even playing bout it
Good morning!!! Have a marvelous Monday. Every morning brings new mercies!!! Be grateful and don't let any stupids get to you :-)
dummmbbbbb! ;) have fun though!!!
Is Jesse Ventura on twitter? I'd love to follow him! Pitching tents in a park being more important than first amendment. LOL
Stay out of trouble !!!
Best wishes on this holiday!
anything for you Ryan!
"I wasn't there to built a government. I was there to kill the Taliban"
i hate jada
Did you know Louie also won a DGA? ..Had a chance to (finally) meet Louie Psihoyos yesterday & thank him for making the film.
lukelibrarian: can u xplain? one's "disrespectfl/unprof behavior" may b another's "prof responsibility/free spe ...
My mother is not on twitter. Not is my step mother. They might not even understand what twitter is. I'm not sure I do. Happy Mother's day.
Hi hi tm here follow me mwa
Quote of the day from a Gay Republican: "Clusterf*ck could also be defined as a relationship between one man and one woman" LOL
you should have on transplants one week soon. He keeps bringing it.
hm... in some ways this article paints a pic only partially accurate, not taking into account the cuts happening.
I can't win. Steam from my lunch burned the index finger of my left hand - the one that clicks the mouse!
Guess what. I'M JUNIOR PROM PRINCE!
Yay! Tyler and Teen Wolf just wrapped. Congratulations to my beautiful son and the entire cast and crew! So proud of !
Yes ... yes ... excellent ... *sits back in chair; pets fluffy white cat*
Peeking at my followers I see our dear friend is now checking us out. I best watch how I say what I say... ;-)
RT : we're looking for blind iPhone users for a short, remote, paid study ($10 for ~30 mins)--reply (or DM) if interested
touché, my friend.
On set with the cast and crew of My feet are sore.
How did you not know that? Haha. They announced it months ago!
I'm talking about the article about Paleo diets. He is clueless. I don't have enough characters to craft a full response here.
enhance your life and your business by befriending fear and having it work for you
I am a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down. -Abraham Lincoln
yea i understood it! i was like whoa xD i guess my spanish classes are working! haha (but my gramatics are iffy lol)
Sweet merciful awesome. Just don't get cocky boys.
I'll say it again. The Sox need to trade Youk for bullpen help and a prospect and give Middlebrooks a call. Can't hurt.
75% of Americans research symptoms online before going to doctor
Can I just say how honored I am, that people find me worthy of following, and I'll try not to disappoint you
My school is under lockdown(: rock on \m/
prepare for cardinal nation domination
CNG at it again on Wed 11/16/11 at Buffalo Cantina in Fort Worth just south of the airport! Hope to see you out! 7-10P
Coming to the ATL soon? Hope so. Have a Wonderful Holiday Season ~ <3frGA !
Now in Louisiana! Yay! Home of Zatarans, Jazz music, Cafe du Monde, Marks birthplace and extended family we love so much!
Mad Men is super pervy, just like Matt Weiner looks.
Celebrating our First Easter Service come out and join is @ 10:00 am! See you soon! He Has Risen!
agreed to free agency contract with the Vikings
Tell Hilly that Edward plays the amplifiers as much as the guitar; harmonics @ those volumes are like wrestling w/ tigers.
#40days i'm very exited :D are you exitted?
"Puts phone down byside" THIS NIGGA GOT A FLIP PHONE Y'ALL!!
I get to listen to it all. Feel it. It's beautiful. Rest assured your deeds don't go unnoticed. I notice.
I must be a bad tweeter: I just lost 2 followers. I wonder if they were the people with the nude profile pics I didn't follow...
Also, ranked lists. MT I hate star ratings, grades & aggregate scores. Turns art into sci w/o room for nuanced responses.
I dare Les Miles to punt it here.
Is it kickin' in?
I'm sure they will be b/c instapix isn't cheap, but so worth it :)
stupidity is a choice no one has to be without knowledge.
Jut announced Heavy Sole playing stpp fest in Washington dc oct 8!!
she should watch the movie 127 hours. Just saw it last nt. Reminds me of her.
I am reading The Serpents Shadow by I am loving it so far! So suspenseful!
record is great also the new is awesome
Thanks! Good seeing you too! :)
We appreciate our volunteers every day, but today: we're feeding them lunch! Join us in saying "thanks!"
#ChristmasIsAboutJESUSnotSANTA but I'm sure Jesus and Santa chill with with each other and play rugby
Right now It's happy hour at the bowling alley & the bartender said I couldn't pre-pay for my drinks for the night #ThingsThatMakeMeSad :(
It's so hot today !
Thanks for the heads up :-)
Can't wait till the VMA's
Is it just me or did this weekend fly by?
i wonder if would RT this?
#traffic. This is one of the reasons I hate the frigging mornings. Seriously a drive that takes 15 min at night now take 45...WTF?
Christina Aguilera, we know you can sing, but are all the runs really necessary? Just sing the damn song!
“: Alright Cihasky. Game face on. You got this. Now kick some Cancer ass tonight!”---thx hon!!!
Special thanks to NYU for letting us host a panel discussion during welcome week!
Best part of mcas: no homework 
RT : Great list! RT : 7 reasons why the new Articulate Storyline is a Game-Changer for #eLearning and
Happy pub day, ! I'm so excited to pick up my copy of INSURGENT after work!
Due to recent budget cuts, the light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off.
Miss Guyana World in NY awaiting visa as pageant begins in London!
fabulous. Tell him to look me up!
Did you all see on Idol last night? SO cute... I loved them! Such talented little men. -Britney
Alright, that's enough of me clogging up your timelines 😊
Baking bread and chocolate chip cookies. Rocking out as well :) Damn Im cool ;D
"Okay, calm down. Breathe." *quick exhale* "No, don't just EXHALE, BREATHE. IN, OUT." Lol anxiety.
LoL! That's funnier than the joke!!!! HAHAHAHAHA
Mumford and sons banjoing with bob Dylan- dolly parton "tribute"- gwyneth and muppets c-lodressed like elton john- kind of insane Grammys!
I just recently backed up as well, it was scary losing all the data, pictures, memories, notes you've collected over the years.
Much needed bike ride to the beach. Next time I will take a swim, how I miss the cool breeze in the a.m.
IF I could upload gifs, I'd have one available for this...
what's up?
More good advice from Don't get too attached to people who aren't working out. Don't let them poison the atmosphere
The ugly mug was a great time. Great stage, sound and lights. Looking forward to tons of great shows up there. (via )
Congrats Justin <3 we love you so much.
we all know just ask!
Last title in the alcohol, civilization and yeast, "The Unsolved Mysteries of the People of the Yeast"
No I'm gonna queer activist all over your mentions
YUM!!!RT : RT : We are now scooping Luna and Larry's vegan ice-cream in our store! With vegan cones too!!! Please RT
chris can u please follow me! im thank u love u
I have no clue Mr. Hockley, but just know, Rose is 17... I am her age... -_-
I swear my life is bipolar
Ah, indeed. Thnx for clarifying! Sorry for misattribution, !
Saw Rocky II last night... that movie is epic.
hate when parents try to get over... and you can't say shit cause of all the other shit they did for you, which they will always bring up
Great to have you there! Did you have a good time?
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear D-Lew on the prowl
": Paid homage to my mom and dad today Great commencement at a great institution."
you already know. Night
that's a really movie classic
No apologies. Tank was on E. Great fun season, especially for any Cooke fan. Let's pray he gets re-signed.
I'm at TNA LOCKDOWN PAY PER VIEW and I'm BORED to death. Rather be at a @ WWE event then this crap
Hate the "Butthole" kick my 2 year old is on!!! She says it after everything!
Glad you enjoyed! “: First time and had a great time with an old friend. Awesome spot....”
okay let's meet up somewhere on Wednesday :)
free tickets to some museum. should i go?
drinking i dont know further more i will let you know when i know
" Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want, and deserve to get it good and hard." ~~H. L. Mencken
When you're mad at someone you love, be careful what you say because your mind gets angry but your heart still cares.
I am so in love with you!!!!
Hey photographer for all of your print needs check out our sponsors AdoramaPix
Just polished my shoes and they're already scuffed
What Month?!!!
great! So glad we get to see & again on tv. Plus Trinity? Cool!
My Mom beat Cancer and has to take harsh drugs to cope with not be intrested in eating the Doc says no Med pot in FL. WTF
RIP Dick Clark!! Thanks for so many years!
STEELERS! :D
I see your weekend was about as productive as mine...
Its crazy but true. <3
Planning the business trip to Portland OR...Anyone have suggestions of places to eat/see on my first time to the Beaver State?
#shoutout to my newest follower !!!
I'm officially done with people! I'm tired of being the nice guy when all anyone does is put me down.. #done!
I'm getting jerk chicken tomorrow man.!!
thank u :)
STARTING NEW CINEMA MOVEMENT FEATURING PEOPLE WHO DON'T WALK GOOD WILL BE CALLED *STUMBLECORE*
Thanks for the #FF to and !!
Oh, that sounds like fun! Did you all have a good time?
thanx bby nd call me when u have time
Thanks for the RT :-)
RT WTF is up with #trump 's receptionist on #celebrityapprentice. .... All she does is #doodle lol.
did you watch the last Mad Men? What did you think of Dawn? And Peggy's interaction with her?
1 in the morning & I woke up everyone in my house due to violent shouting/screaming/sobbing. Just another TVD finale guys, don't mind me.
Damn, I logged in to late this morning!
Thanks for the #FF love!
At the poetry comp. #PYPM ! :D
What the hell do I spend so much money on -________- so mad right now.
I wish didn't have a vagina so hed come drink
I can make calls right and left handed.
Most definitely!
yes. working on all specifics so there is NO confusion. stand by.
Yes, I almost flushed my cell phone down the toilet at the Phoenix airport
I am loving #JPH but typical me forgot my phone... tweet me when your on your way back to campus por favor!
off for a full on wills shower now brb babes x
“ Y'all acting like the Heat ain't gone win the championship nigga we gone beat all y'all bull shitty teams”
Ephesians 5:19 Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord; (KJV)
It's only human to express how you really feel. But that same humanity is my Achilles heel.
you were so mad about that cake lol
Thanks so much for the follow :)
This little piggy went to the market, this little piggy stayed home & I just murdered the piggy that goes "wee" on the Geico ads
The road to truth is long, and lined the entire way with annoying bastards
definitely! i'll write you.
?? RT : You should be good to go within the hour. ;-) ^SM
Ha! I know the feeling! ; )
If I die today remember me like Perfect Cell...
Looking forward to pouring over the All Access Duke Basketball Practice with Mike Krzyzewski. Five hours of wisdom.
We just had a litter of Marrema pups, sired by the greatest LGD that ever lived. We have 2 that aren't spoken for.
This attitude is cause of you , thas why idgaf . You wit someone else
yawn* bored
that's probably not good for your hair.
Thanks for the follow as well! Check it out on facebook or tumblr when you get the chance! somewhereanywhereelse.tumblr.com
Can this week get any worse for the
My first response: crocodile man! (not really the answer you were looking for ;)
I'm going to have a bad hair day tomorrow...
Happy may ! Darl`n try the navy pier, think you would like it !
I am reading "The Mysterious Benedict Society" on this #fridayreads. Happy Friday everyone!
I WILL UNTIL.....I WILL UNTIL...... I WILL ________________UNTIL I acheive________________
tx and looking forward! RT You are invited to "Moms Who Rock" happy hour in NYC...
Pushing it with
Thank you very much! It's gorgeous this morning! :-)
“: Dear grades, get well soon”
WE ARE GOING TO MISS THEM BRACES!!! :) <333
would love to meet you guys, fellow denverite. Let me know if you'd like to grab a cold one.
The good thing about Santorum continuing to win delegates is that now I have a fancy map of all of the places I'm never going to visit.
I think we should :D
or sorry you form your own opinion on music? ahah so dumb
i want us to play another show together just so that we can get pickles. and whiskey. though maybe not together.
Don't you just LOVE ?! What did you order?
Was it crispy? Franks's chocolate covered bacon is often floppy, Big Top's (on South congress) is crispy goodness.
In "class", we gripe that we didn't have time to check site #webcred. But his design arg. is that ppl decide in first 3 secs.
Good Morning My Ninja!
Lord, Thank you for a sound mind. Help us to think good thoughts, speak positive words, and do what's right.
what grade is he in?
Than you for your website & recipes! RT : thanks for the lovely post!
I trusted you.... Stupid me.
its you...
there is a painting of Priaire Chickens on her wall... this has to be a good sign.
RT : How do you prepare before a game to help set the pace during the first quarter?
same shit on this side ..!
: I'm so excited to be seeing the #BeachBoys on Friday, but I'm dying to know if you'll be joining them!
Last Wed. it was 84, today high of MAYBE 44. #BRRRR! Wind chill even colder says
Hollywood could do with a touch of class.
We just passed a store called "Butt Boosting Jeans." I think they use that instead of a "Welcome to the Bronx" sign.
1 in every 3 US families owns 1 or more
Had a great time hearing about yesterday and their vision for a greener and more sustainable Charlottesville. Fun project.
Good morning sexy...how yo day going?
Coffe shop knows me by name
Sometimes you gotta just let life inspire your art... doing some living today, and it feels darn good!
"CANDY ONIONS, GRAPES FROM OUR OWN VINE, PEARS FROM OUR OWN TREE, RADISHES, AND CARROTS, HANDSEWN APRONS FOR CHILDREN, JAMS AND JELLIES."
Its goin down
Stay tuned for new items from Twist Out Cancer coming out in May!
Switch up!
Words will be just words till you bring them to life
Bloodbath - The Wacken Carnage DVD
At the Giants game with my brothers!
RT Anyone looking for a GA ticket to tonight's show In San Francisco? I have one available. Please RT!!
Oh, Jon. I think that you'll live a very long time. At least for 11 more years.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! Have a safe and wonderful day !
Who wants to grab a drink? I need about 20....
Hey HB! Have a great weekend!
Hope you have a happy holidays Tay
