damn i hate the bears
Austin! You should follow me back. Please? Pretty please?! :b
"without principles", indeed!
You know we love you back!!!
#LifeWouldBeBetter If I were a billionaire BUT SINCE wishing is for armatures I choose to make it happen SEIZE YOUR DAY
LOL..she looks great doesn't she?
Keep the mustache, - it looks great! My wife won't let me cut mine off. Not sure why.
Touch my cookies again itll be the end of you. I've killed for less.
yeahh! like when i put the link to my blog, it wont let me go to the next step
Thanks for following us !
I wish I had someone to go out to eat with me.
Fair enough!
maybe they are a cat?
doing final-final edits on my book. This will be a quick and easy process since I've already edited, right? Right?
#FF my wonderful boyfriend <3 He's simply the best <3
I would just like to say that is not forever alone, he is forever mine. #bestfriends #yes #lovers #hellyeah #partybuddy ? haha(:
let"s see How about Giante, we charge him a fee for keeping your photo so long on his Facebook page. He is Boss status
idk I guess but gonna try dis way yall c
RT When you think about it, Mariah Carey and Drew Carey don't even look like sister and brother.
Favorite tweet of the day RT : Eagerly anticipating the historical references in Bachmann's first speech in Waterloo, IA.
If you could have two (2) roller coasters in your backyard for you to ride whenever you felt like, which coasters would they be?
Follow me @ sexyshanti21 I follow back. :-)
Not suddenly... It's been a long time coming.
sounds like a rave (; I genuinely think I will break all my bones..
Suitcase broke in the parking lot, spewing lacy unmentionables & senior project everywhere. In the words of , vomit on my life.
That awkward moment when your scuba diving and you see Adele rolling in the deep.
any Florence & the Machine for your Song of the Day? I love Shake it Out - good for all moods.
me either, she said tell my nephew I want my cut though, straightcashshit 💰💰💰...Lol!!!
7 year old just said "TV is good for learning how to give attitude, be a rebel and what conditioner to buy"
i thought the pic were real i really cried omg i canot see u get hurt honey i love u somuch please be careful i would die
New recipes every day! #cooking #baking #foodblog #gluten free ideas #dessert #health #dinner ideas
did you guys see Cabin in the Woods?
Ahh I see you are on here! I am here a lot more now!
I just hate every DB episode it's like a nightmare to watch them !
even if it's during sex?
i found out about this last night! I TOTS FREAKED OUT! #GYCDoublePlatinum excited for #thewantedeptommorw !
oh have fun with that. I think she's tanning right now.
Omg omg omg omg omg I in Kansas city omg omg omg omg too bad I can't drive to go hunt him down >.<
as publishers, opening up our books - not just for a chapter - creating dynamic digital models - could be great.
im done wit Milwaukee
Apparently she hangs out at hipster bars in Cobble Hill, if you're game.
How to Double Your Productivity In One Week error
#placesiwoulddoharrystyles any where. Any time. Any place.
ABSOLUTELY can't stop listening to "Payphone". AMAZING!
I never thought id say it.. But Pauly D you gotta stop tanning. Lol
RT ": corny movies make me reminisce, they break me down easy on this generic love shit"
99.999999% of philosophers are cognitvo-neuro-logico minded case study thought experiment types. Interesting people?
Thanks for the RT re: Smithsonian "Ramp it Up" exhibit Chance to expose the importance of the sport!
You kind of remind me of Aubrey Plaza. :)
Am I the only one that finds the thought of "An Evening With David Sedaris" a little frightening?
I'm always down for some Bosh Bashing...
THanks for the Follow Andrew, what you working on these days?
go make a book of it...
Glad I have no kids. No baby mama drama or baby daddy mess
Dear Math, I liked you a whole lot more before you and the alphabet started hooking up Sincerely, All Students.
Hey Trendsetters: if you're not following #oncopyright--you should probably fix that STAT. So much good stuff!
round bout this time i'll be watchin sports nation or mike and mike or first take if i was at home
sabotaz.. I love that fuckn smell. When we gonna hit that bitch up.
To all my DJs in the area, please let me know if you've got ACAPELLAS on deck! Putting a special project together and I need YOUR help!!
You're welcome! :) RT : Awesome! saves the day with an emergency silver Sharpie delivery. Thanks!
i know, i guess i thought the (some) people of austin were different :/
Okay got permission! Am joining "Old Dogs NewTricks" starring Leon Acord....a really FUN opportunity playing a biatch!!!
Nothing better than this!
- Thanks for writing about Pyrotopia! Our new date is Saturday, April 28th at the Pump House (in the Waterfront).
It's OK to enjoy your success, but you should never quite believe it.
very very hot!
Lincecum gives up three in the first...Panda DL'd..
you guys killed it at the Larimer Lounge in Denver. loved it. the second to last song (one of your new songs) was the shit!
Tarzan-no one believes he can make it to the end. But w/ all the men on the jury, if he makes it to the end, he has a chance.
If u don't believe there's such a thing as 2 smart, u've never been in the position of completely understanding what everyone hates about u.
The most beautiful day in weeks. And weeks. Makes one believe in a higher power in the universe ... the void is smiling at us I think.
Haha, yes! Well, tweeps, stay tuned 4 Ann Hirsch's upcoming projects by following her here. And see u at Microscope!
"Some men see things as they are and say why. I dream of things that never were and say why not" -George Bernard Shaw
Ohoho no poor Rep. Weiner. And how easy is it to name a dick pic scandal of someone whose name is weiner?
aww thanks :D
Dear homeless crackheads of NYC, please find another comparison for me besides Pee Wee Herman or Clark Kent. Thank you kindly.
It's ok N. Korea. Happens to even the best, maybe take a quick walk around the house and get a glass of water then try again.
love you :P
WHAT! I'm jealous I wish he would follow me!
Because nobody's listening, right? Everyone's just enjoying the rouse, wearing the amber mask, pretending to be elsewhere in their minds.
Did you know we can make custom MirrorSleeves to promote your company or business? Contact us at for more info...
if you're buying, we are headed that way :).
I'm on mobile twitter and it just gave me the fail whale. What!
ha! you'd have a better chance of getting Dubaya convicted of #WarCrimes... #Bankster Elite is 1 step above Political Elite.
My life is as only good as the beliefs as I have in my life.
mix and mastering packages for a reasonable price get at me
thank u thank u, appreciation
I've been looking through the pictures I took of your food! -.-
Sex and the City is the best
I meant to say "Congratulations!!" when I saw this news last week. Glad to know you'll be keeping natural history museum ties too
The sun needs to go away and the rain needs to start.
alright...let's go Flyers!
you're forgiven... This time. Hmmpf. Haha ;P
Scary Stories are enormously popular at my school too. Kids love to be scared! Not me-I have a hard time reading horror/ghost.
People are so mean.
Approaching 18 minutes into the race. Leaders should be closing in on Camp Randall Stadium very soon.
Awh yeah the new episode of the Closer !!
Hate days like this where I woke up early.. And it feels like I'm awake but my brain isn't.. I need to go back to sleep and REwake up. Ugh!
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. ~Columbus
nice to meet you:) hows your week going ? hope things look bttr since the unhappy realization (re. GEO320)
much love 2 , & 4 enjoying the show last night. Trust me, 1 1/2 hours on stage by myself was not planned!
If u pay to open up a show or Pay to Perform ANYWHERE.....That Dont mean you got "Booked" That Means You Got Taxed!! lol
oh hell, there's no way I'd remember them!
Be good or be good at it.
I'm not really feeling this performance.
Free Video Training: Learn How to Get Guaranteed Distribution on Amazon, Hulu, Netflix, Cable & in Theaters | FilmFundingClub
yeah, he can return kicks too. We just need some fast RBs everyone for the colts last year on offense was slow except Garcon
Every photo bears your logo or brand image. Through socially networked iSnap, that photo will reach hundreds of friends and family members.
Confuses talking with tackling. RT I'll be tackling fiscal reform + job creation at this morning's forum for Mayoral candidates.
and by Senior Editor you mean oldest person who does nothing on the masthead
Nice evening for baseball at Turner Field. The Braves are leading 6-0 over Cincinnati in the bottom of the 5th.
We will be co-headlining, playing alongside EYES SET TO KILL, May 28th at Tucson Electric Park. More Details to come. RT RT
Time for a nice lunch and some relaxation out in the sun. Back for a short afternoon stint and then home 2 my doggies!
I got an ugly bruise on my thigh 😁 Ewwe.
I think I like getting ready to go out more than actually going out.
Hi there! I'm doing well. Thanks for asking. How are you?!
90's knicks had the best chemists (chestbumps all day). anthony mason, oakley, chris childs
": absolutely not, have some for me!" You got it!
Pittsburgh has some amazing talent! We were really impressed with some of the people who came out for auditions last night!
Not sure where to even start on this one! Oy.
Wolf atones with a SF that gives #Brewers a 2-1 lead. Would have been 3-1 if Weeks could have delivered w/ Ishikawa on 3rd & 1 out.
Excellent work fielding questions Mary Salas, and Congrats on the endorsement of SDSU College Dems!
Varsity Show was great!
Oh how I love y'all.
It's humid af.
Trying to understand the rage/frustration around Huff Po covering Drake. It's a commercial news outlet covering a commercial artist.
Was forced into making a facebook ugh -.-
An advertising agency is 85 percent confusion and 15 percent commission. Fred Allen
Me too!!
Cant find my astronomy homework :(( i probably wont be in first period tomorrow
99% of my battery goes to twitter & instagram.😔
Lisa, thank you! What great advice. So much to learn about #fatherhood! Open to advice!
Dr. Sketchy’s Presents: Drawing America where people will bring sketch pads & supplies to draw live models. Sunday 6-9pm. Enjoy!
Bring me food, so I know that it's real. *stomach growls*
I kept shooting, defending the library against the onslaught of Kindles.
Stan Marsh: "You don't even know anything about Christianity." Eric Cartman: "I know enough to exploit it."
I would love to meet up with you! Where is the Women faith conference? I would like to attend that too, if possible.
Liam has really good taste in music.
OMG! MAKAYLA AND I ARE THE ONLY ONES RIGHT NOW ON VINNY'S FACEBOOK. PAGE. THAT IS SO WEEIIRDD
its okay:)xx
So listening to bluegrass music, I think of Deliverance and I feel that some male may rape me tonight
#job #Denver I need a desktop / network admin go getter who's deployed #blackberry ent server aka BES. Quick project could turn in to more!
definitely mushed myself. guess you cant tweet good sessions just like you cant post graphs
Fuck why am I up do early it's my day off dammit let me sleep
guess the endorsement didn't do much for #Romney in the end
When I see those old people falling in the kitchen commercials....I can't stop laughing...
still catchin' up on things, or do you have a minute?
Having breakfast at Pike's Place Market in Seattle. Lovely
#Happybirthdaytravisclark Will you ever consider going on tour with ?
what about consistent cheaters??? Haha......
hey there
Homer visits a therapist who somehow reverses his role with Bart! Paul Rudd guest stars as the therapist watch with us at 5!
Twitter on my ipod please load -.-
ps3 owns xbox. Waaayy better. People need to know the truth! Lol
if you're listening to stupid hoe, im judging you.
Tomorrow we're committing random acts of kindness with on
Thomas Robinson vs. Terrence Jones is a helluva matchup
Have you thought about trying an #ec2 instance? We've got a few flavors of pre-rolled #omeka + #wordpress images here
I'm really excited for #pizzanight tonight: buffalo chicken pizza with a spicy hot pizza sauce, chicken, and blue chz crumbles!
Today is a red lipstick kind of day.
what a lovely day. (:
Just de-bra'd in the middle of the sidewalk because I couldn't take it anymore. New level of shamelessness.
I am fighting off something cold-like....need to save the voice for a Voice Over job (Industrial for a client in China) and Sams Club manana
I will not cave by putting the air conditioner on... The house we want doesn't have AC nor the capability to get it.
With the 22nd Overall Pick, the #Browns take #OklahomaState QB Brandon Weeden.
its crazy how i come home to take a nap and i end up sleeping till 10:45. -_-
Ok. The adrenaline has worn off. I am going to sleep the sleep of the extremely sleepy.
"If u r sincerely sorry, u shouldn't expect an apology in return." But we all know isn't sincere.
Tell me about you, what do you do?
Howdy! Thanks for all of the social media shout-outs! Y'all rock!
Sure thing!
my wife's last name is Hanrahan and I'm from da 'Burgh, had to follow!
hahahaha me either. Your tv 😏
You sure do!
"Woman, here is your son." (John 19:26) Jesus never stops caring for his mother – nor us.
yeah i also got an Abbey road messanger bag and Beatles monopoly
We have a photographer on the way to the 9-car accident that has closed I-40 E at Wyoming.
I LOVE my Mahomies(:
lol yes that is right
Documentary on Charles Manson, fuck yes.<3
#goal - history: B
Just peed n straight in the mouth LOL“: Like with pee pee on the tip? LMAO”
I love seeing my mom & aunt getting along, even if it did take a fight for them to get together and enjoy each others presence
boring ass french class
Hate waking up so late
great call by said it would be a 3rd quter blow out on tonight before the game
Lets go! How about Thursday?
Why not close the freeway when I have a 3 hour drive?
“: which one? LOL! All good. Yes to next week! :-)”I will see u there :)
“: Ready for day 2 of hope it is as inspiring as yesterday.” :-)
some party on 19th
Just win the lottery, right?
i appreciate it (:
Happy Friday.
Happy Chinese new year year of the dragon
Stay cool, my friend...rt: in here too...
revolutionary. I must have one. Check it out all iPad owners.
“: It's show time!! will be here shortly!”
Is Tom Jones is to singers as Mickey Rourke is to actors? Tom Jones singing in a hotel room by
I guess they hope you will think it's to much hassle to use someone else product/service
Come get your tools sharpened at SE Tool Library and support the library until 2 today. Corner of SE 28 Pl. & Harrison.
NOSOA - Some follow and implement rules and others design them. We need to work with both but one can hardly do the job of the other.
Classifying back pain by duration: acute (less than 4 weeks), subacute (4 – 12 weeks), chronic (greater than 12 weeks)
Just got Mindless Behavior stuff my birthday today
for interviews , press & more information on Dangerous Vintage please email us at
He's nice to everyone. The problem is, when he was nice to her, she thought it was because she was special.
Right...but publicity. BBTN gave U guys a lil love last nite but did mention the same phrase that pisses me off year after year
No. RT Do you let your #kids drink soda?
If you choose to hold pain, that's the vibration you will teach the body. If you choose happiness, that's what the body will learn to hold.
We remember the thousands of Jews from Dvinsk, Latvia, who were transported to the Pogulanka Forest and murdered 70 years ago today
had the most fabulous evening despite have the side effect attack from hell pt. 2.
": Patriots take Hightower? Steeler Nation is pissed!!!! Ha ha ha #PittsburghSucks"<those asses can cry in their iron shitty beer
thank you! Let's catch up at the next break.
Thor movie sucks.
It's been a long day. Time for me to call it a night.
So in my Jesus-Burger commercial, will sit on the toilet, eating a Jesus Burger, looking at the Christ Face on the patty...
- lazy bones!
fire me an email
Thank you to the more than 15 volunteers who came out and helped us block walk and phone bank this weekend. Just 44 days to go!
RT - 2011 Jacksonville Jaguars Season Preview | Best Cactus
i would like more followers because i like all of my followers they are very nice kind and thoughtful people and you are the best please
Why do I even give you the benefit of the doubt smh
i dont know
Tech difficulties
“Hu Honua” means to “come from the land”—We want to create sustainable energy, reduce imported fuel dependence, and stimulate our economy.
I love when it rains
4 seasons hotels have hundreds of individual twitter & facebook accounts.
Lmfao let's hope I pass this spelling test today
man I appreciate it. Let me know when you drop the finished copy or if you need a pen
can we bring a camera to the venue for the performances?
If you've recently ordered from Ashlei Shannon, your order HAS SHIPPED!!! Thank you for shopping AS & enjoy =))
Happy Friday the 13th! 😱
Awesome. Thanks for sharing. hope all is well with you. Let's connect soon. interested to hear how things are going.
I think everybody should get wealthy and prominent and do all that they ever imagined so they can notice that it's not the reply.
so sorry to hear that! Hopefully you can find a good PT near by that does manual therapy can you help?
oh ok cool.
I know everyone goes out on Saturday nights, but those are my nights to stay in and chill.
thanks 4 following me, right back at you ! (:>))
It felt kind of odd, actually. Had one appt in the tasting room then made a run for it.
Bitch :o.
doing homework...someone grab me and take me away please
I've never seen traffic like this in downtown Baltimore. Is everyone fleeing because Commissioner #Bealefeld is retiring?
Sara Jayne Blackmore is playing 'the girl'. Mystery revealed at Theatre at St Clements. Follow Sara
Thanks for the RT!
No prob! I love your blog! Rockin it out in Orlando:)
FYI, is awesome! Sad that I can't take until spring
#1 but it was a tough choice.
In w'press, when uploading pic, you can type keywords in the bar for "description".
should probably start my homework..
According to my prop-diploma, my name is Kyle Caruso and I am graduating from U of Phoenix with a Master of Business Administration degree
I never go there lol
what's that noise? oh, right, it's friday night, and I live in brooklyn.
Never eating chilli again unless its homemade again lol
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer17
Bloody Mary!!
Play free Bingo on Sunday's Super shopper event and win up to $25 in gift cards, like gas at Aloha Petroleum and Maui Mall prize packs.
Cheating ass ump!
Lemme find out you cleanin up murder scenes in your spare time Dawn. Lol
Not to sound like your stereotypical stoner...but bro...i swear EVERYTHING taste super delicious when you're high.
gave blood today for the 18th time!
If you live in the LA area contact us to attend the performance tomorrow at the Gibson Show Room Beverly Hills 6:00PM
it was a wonderful letter. didn't realize the connection, but totally makes sense and the world is much better off thanks to you
Coffee&bagel kind of morning.
I'll do it!
I love swisher, love his enthusiasm and how much fun he really seems to be having
congrats to Bettina - Well deserved!
Many, many people have recovered and lived productive, law-abiding lives after having been convicted of a crime...
Good morning! What's on everyone's iPod today?
Happy Thanksgiving Sweetie
As If I'm going to sleep anytime soon.. I have way too much energy right now..
#GoTribe The Duke welcomes back Johnny Damon and Derek Lowe to Fenway, World Series Champions of the greatest comeback i...
Good morning tweeps!
Tnx for follows RTs and mentions!
You're officially 13 in the East Coast! HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :) x
My IPhone has a boyfriend his name is Android lol
Limits of Free Speech: you can't yell "Friere" in the middle of a crowded faculty meeting.
Why's my Netflix being so slow....
RT : Just don't ask me to change.
I can't decide what my favorite #film of the year is... Maybe Hugo.
If you like to find good music in a legal song of the day free download format, check out
Can't believe A will 4 in one week!!
FREE #ExperienceJoeRogan app for Droid! All the Joe Rogan you need! Enjoy!
Interesting night with and and his gf
I like hiphop cuz it makes me feel tough hahhahahhahah ah shit
I hear you sis
Plus he's a JET and that's a fact. Wait until he doesn't deliver before throwing rocks. We #Jets fans never see value anywhere.
Mothers Day is ending. Most of us honored our mothers in some way today. Let's carry that love over to tomorrow and all days.
im tired. in both ways.
a. that story is hilarous/genius all at the same time and b. segways are scary and i hate being on them!!
Aplusk Its nice to know both of you are looking out for the children. I feel the same way men don't touch children.
Easy is no fun.
Livin' the Orlando dream…for three weeks!
this isn't over baby don't believe a word they said!
Ask for that as a fealty.
I need to work on #4, sales is prob the most underrated skill set
I'm 2 cool for u
I'm walking too!!
Thanks for the #FF ;)
Safe travels !
similar to twitter :)
if one more person tells me it rains a lot in Seattle...
35 cats from local hoarding case placed into rescue. 7 more young adult males, multi colored, polydactyl. Rescues reply 4 more details!
But she deserved it for her graduation, i'm proud of her(:
rainy mondays.. easiest way to loose all of your work ethic.
thanks for hanging out w/us , OnBroadway, E-Street & Stars! xo. Everyone, please check out "AM/FM"!
“: On Mommas u ain't a town nigga if u don't hit the hogie shop at least twice a month” < u gotta be talkin about Seminary!
didn't want me to stay with her :(
yep in town for a quick tripfor a wedding, but it was great to stop by the founders den for a quick min.
A cold, 8 mosquito bites & delirium, but I am back home from my trip.
WISHING AND HOPING MY DREAMS COME TRUE TODAY PLZ FOLLOW ME SELENA I LUV YUR MY IDOL 4 LIFE (: <3 8
Do you ever just wanna grab someone by the shoulders, look them deep in the eyes and whisper to them "no one gives a fuck"
#20ThingsAboutMe i have one of the biggest hearts, even tho people take advantage of it.
hahahahahahahahahahahah I'm babysitting and I told them about you and they started asking me of I was gonna marry you!!! Lmao!
This!!! RT I admire my willpower for not killing anyone yet. And I don't just mean tonight, in general.
my slootometer is off the charts
so I'm not the only one who noticed that? I didn't recognize her at first.
Great showcase at SoulFood Books tonight - thanks to all who came out to support! Hope to see you there again next month (every 3rd Sat.)!
Feel so good right now
Yes Ma'am
Callin this a nite to catch up on needed sleep
I lost the ability to move things with my mind... Comeon water! Comeoooon
What a fine day!! recharged well and getting ready for a new productive week!
Sunday night blues
Just heard some good news! :)
I'll introduce you to a better side of life.
Can't get exquisite taste of dashi of shaved yellowfin tuna out of my mind ' dashi workshop at new Soba-ya in Torrance.
Amy Vanderbilt~ Parents must get across the idea that I love you always but sometimes I do not love your behavior.
have fun with 'so-called laws of nature'! good luck!
Working on my letter to self!! I've got a lot to do and it's due Monday!!
can you follow me back please?(:
One consequence of putting schematics online: unsolicited manufacturing bids.
Going out for coffee this morning, then dropping off posters and fliers at a venue for a gig.
Lakeshore State Park friends are planning an April Fools Day tweetup restaurant - near the park. That April 1 on your calendar.
Good day tweets! Off work early. Sitting at home waiting for the air condition men to get here and fix the leak!
T and G are very close to each other on a keyboard. This recently became apparent to me and I won't end an email with “Regards” again.
Thanks , and for the follow!
I lost it when she did that thing with her fingers.
Playing with my new Eris. This phone is sick!
Great articles on Bain & Romney. It was driving me nuts that no free-enterprise defenders want to clarify the role of VC & PE
Just saw "The Hangover" - literally split my sides. I expect they thought the audience was young men - but no. Two words - Bradley Cooper!
today is gonna be a good day!!!
Thank you chip kelly!!
. today, refuse the cat its urge to chase its tail. Have a productive and great day, my friend.
not even close to the same
Constance: "Now you'll be here *forever*."
man u did the damn thing @ DAR constit hall last night...I was litterally cryin & the open acts were hilarious
Jump, Bitch, Jump
I knew he got killed.... but I never knew how till jus now ...fucked up...
Just got back from Alaska last night duude, off to Miami tomorrow at noon. Down for dinner tonight brodie?
i wanna follow OF people
Watching Marc Jacobs dress up makes me happy.
thank you!
oh sweet talker! ALA Council. I was nominated and very pleased to be! And acrl lpss vp.
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself. ~Wayne Dyer
well then I'd make you sweat double ;) and I've missed your gorgeous self as well!
ohh it sounds like a whole lot of hassle lol:/.. what u goin to school for again? I don't think I have asked before? Lol😳
isn't past your bed time?
Which local mascots would you like to see at my Birthday Party on April 14th?
3rd Winning Pick - #NFL Week 13...Lions/Bengals (42)...#Take_The_Over...Bengals O is finding some balance, which will help point production
Guess what I love?
Bitch we the bomb like tic tic
I feel really sick. :(
Interested in carrying Rain Cosmetics in your spa or salon? Many options are available! Email to learn more
I heard you had the privilege of seeing Thor. How was it?
Czerniewicz: 200 million more mobile phones in Africa than in USA
I kind of hope you choke on your words and I kind of hope you get what you deserve.
testing #blood cannon for film #Rising ~KW
Great visit (read: several servings of cheese) with Sure is nice being in a short distance relationship again!
what type of deals are you doing?
Crap. After putting my stuff on the conveyor belt, I realized why peeps are glaring. Its 15 items or less. I easily have 30.
I hope you feel better tomorrow.
accept criticism ..
GB = worst D ever.
MAN DM me random shit..someone entertain me.... Im bored af and im tired...
The #NYR really want to go to game 7
But it wont let me open it:/
um Middle Finger!!!!!!!
no i didnt im fine
Unless you mfg kosher food, then it is pretty fucking important.
Thanks for the banana bread compliment! So happy you loved it!
Being short has it's advantages. I fit quite comfortably on this love seat :3
My mom is out of surgery. She hasn't woke up yet but the doctor said she's fine :-)
I think Lionel took your advice!
New Cabinet Post ~ Court Jester ~ for Rick Perry who has passed all the exams and the jingly hat is stretchy so it'll fit his fathead.
Lots of work finished, but more to get done. I'm off to the audit mines!
I saw him...our eyes locked...and I knew...that cop was about to give me a ticket.
happy Tuesday
I'm pretty sure golf or NASCAR started off reality tv. YOU'RE WATCHING NOTHING
I judge my work performance by how dirty I am at the end of the day
oh man I hope so
Forget this idea of some sort of faith moving a mountain. I'm just going to build my own.
Hey bro, I got your message. I friended you on facebook. I'm the guitarist and vocals for Confession Of A Sinner. Mark Kelly
help me find someone to be tomorrow for character day! it could be anyone.
damn :( ahahah maybe after all these rides i give you, you'll just owe it to me!
Watching Bush perform live on VH1 <3
don't feel bad, you're not the only one who's lost. absorbing it's going to do some good and eventually things will click
And for those in the corner, and those in the spotlight, we pray.
Proverbs 31: Tawny
idiocracy?! “: it has electrolytes!”
all the cider. all the donuts. m… caramel apple.
and on weekdays her and i would watch baby loony tunes
Kweli Journal accepting submissions until September 16th! www.kwelijournal.com
"Im in love wit the brown, but I been cheating the clear all year" - becuz of and the
applying for jobs
HEY BE ON THE LOOKOUT FOR MY UPCOMMING MOVIES''TOUCHBACK,MYCRACKHEAD UNCLE, BUY MY CRACKHEAD UNCLE ONLINE OCT1WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM
“: Collar shit, polo fuck a bitch without a rubber thats a no no”
thank you <3
"Being single is getting over the illusion that there is somebody out there to complete you and taking charge of your own life."
hahah stop it!!!
OMG looks so freaking gorgeous tonight ! No surprise there, she always looks great !
Word is Thiery Herny is going to be out 3-4 weeks, RBNY is in big trouble!!!!!!!
YEA . IM SAYING
John are you going to the show?? It should be awesome! Will be looking to get tickets! Love ya Steve-O!!
Is your site set up for Firefox only? None of your links work on Google Chrome or Internet Explorer anymore.. at least not for me?
BRAZILIAN STATE GOVERNMENTS GO GLOBAL: Subnational Dimension of Brazil's International Relations w/Ironildes Bueno-Catholic U:Brasilia
No more turtle ! lololol
"And when will that be ready?" - this client's follow-up to every question.
The days seem so long. I can't do this anymore
In the shower I go! Dentist appointment today should be a quickie. Have a fab Thursday y'all.
Getting the endorsement of Jeb Bush is like getting the janitor brother's endorsement when running for class president
In a sweet style I bet we'd sell tons, but price point vs. cost of production...
They need flatbottom boats in Sumner County.
3 companies and 4 people just paid me
o will check there. Thanks!
hey there..u good?
Lena Olin is an international treasure of epic proportions.
They were really basic questions, so I think they understood. I think they just wanted to ask a question, and had no ideas.
Why are there so many hot guys in the music industry?
I LVE YOU FOREVER
thanks dani
Good night to start out with our LOBSTER BISQUE with butter poached Maine lobster tail & chives. . . .
Money is a terrible master but an excellent servant. ~ P.T. Barnum
what a beauty call in #Bickel he is special
thought you went home?
Parking Lot Pimping Hahahaha
Had a great day with Unrehearsed Shakespeare and their "Shrew". Come tomorrow at 5pm to catch them performing "Othello"!
Today 1903: Auto racing debuts at the Milwaukee Mile, originally a privately owned horsetrack in existence since 1876. William Jones won.
oh hai thanks for the shout out
But who would spend our money for us?
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves
ima hit your phone,bout to fly u out DC May26th for block party.
Just because something is new doesn't mean it's wrong, but when it comes to knowing God, the old is the only way.
hey thanks Chris!
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ? 2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ? 4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing? :))))
No news is good news.
LOL. You'll be alright. I know this for sure. It's your charming personality. :)
Oh Tevez you get a 6.8 on that dive.
“The story of each stone leads back to a mountain.” ― W.S. Merwin
nice to see you give credit where it's due for the big game in the Garden :)
Im glad today is Friday!
That is if I were to meet James Franco.If you took me&he wasn't there anymore I'd just be pissed&not love you.
follow -> . he follows back.
RFT ": almost got killed by a truck today, I was scared "
You'll not be disappointed, if you can get in. Sra. Martinez, Fratelli Lyon, Maitardi... You really cannot go wrong. Enjoy!
ima snap today lol like i told you i was yesterday
Why isn't there a ham in hamburger? And, for that matter, why isn't there a pine or an apple in pineapple?
Going to go skate and listen Robyn DANCING ON MY OWN
realbrother....he is an embarrassment.
LMAO it's not cheek implants! It's juvaderm. Oh lord. Never going to Tiki again.
Looking good! #FUTANGCLAN #ATLANTA is Ravenstown!!
no worries, it's tough to discern on the
Smfh im like i know im not following fucking brian pumper only to see its this nigga fred lmfaooo
Mr. Cigar in a league of his own " Who gonna run this town tonight"
I am going to need a copy of your book if I'm going to unseat Lee Hoffman for 3rd place on the leaderboard. Please, Please Ple :)
Good Morning
Friends, I'm working on it but it looks like my YT channel will be up within 2 weeks and working on starting up an online radio show soon...
wayy too cool for you. Might dig your tips though
liked the venue and food better last year, but the beer this year is #bigtit s
RPT-Wall St Wk Ahead: Stocks face choppy seas of bank woes, uncertainty
so gross ugh
go all out or go home :) :) lol
Well tweeter I made it back up north. Yesterday's flight back was truly one for the books.
Jurafsky at #did11: we really need an easy-to-use forced alignment tool.
Grew up way 2 fast, wish I could turn back time. Blah blah!!
Larry the Pug says "I could have told you that!"
Not feeling good.
I need you pulling for the good guys tonight fella
We can relabel T-shirt Tank Top Muscle-T
Independent voters want their voices to be heard!
The Mets are the baseball version of the Buffalo Bills. Another long losing season!
Peek behind the scenes of Katy Perry's video for her single “The One That Got Away” = Perez Hilton: All Access is on Tonight at 8/7c.
Nate, are you sporting a Windows phone? The Carbon Twitter app is incrediballsac!
No problem!
All this talk about Tebow and its the middle of Basketball season. Is it necessary to say the NFL dominates?
I saw adele at the burger king
was looking for some tweets from KTRU Concert or the Rice Basketball Game
Chase away June gloom with this sunny mix from DJ Claire via Perfect listening for today!
i come in Calvin Klein and dolce.. they come in....tull.
let's go to the beach one day.
ask watts about me?
Yes, I dance in my car. Yes, I see you staring at me. No, I do not care.
sweet thanks for the recommendations sir!
shit. My fake baseball team is in jeopardy .
you already booked a room for tonight lol
What are your weekend plans? It's Happy Hour ALL day at Shorty's in Doral!
#OpeningDay within reach. Going to put it out there early. Will this be my year for a v. world series?
I'm amazed at pastors/elders who "love" their congregations while regarding with contempt other persons of faith. Dangerous disconnect.
good job today. you played great
Mais oui!!! Looking forward to meeting you all and chowing down on some poutine! :-)
Just made it. I'm slipping into a coma as we spea...
Free my favorite word!!!!
Best car ride.. EVER <33333
We'll be back on the air next semester at a new timeslot. Check our Facebook often or follow on Twitter to stay informed!
Tip #186: Do not AROUSE or AWAKEN love until it's proper time. Song of Solomon 2:7, 3:5, 8:4
Love seeing all the bus stops with people in green waiting for
no one even tried to stop me! I was reversing this big truck multiple times! Mild freak out!
"When I get depressed with all the problems of the world I remember that I can only change me and I can make all the difference"
ugh. the freshman next year are gonna be SO ANNOYING.
whispering eye
Use a child theme so your theme doesn't look like 4 badgillion other themes.
Despite the successes I blogged about earlier, this has been a pretty crappy day.
If you like antiques, sure
What tactics are you using Todd?(ps mutual friend alert!): trying to distract me during dodgeball. :)
except that, of course, for that to make sense, I'd have to spell correctly.
i could dumb my bio down, but where's the fun in that? a copywriter's job is to show, not tell.
Thanks for the follow Hope to see you over at shortly. Cheers
LIVE from #camasocialmedia special thx to panelists for presenting new rules of social media. Now for some q & a
3 days till I'm with my little man Skyler James:)♥. Picture comments&i'll return the favor. Text??
Oh, hey snow. Time to get the 'board ready for the slopes.
tap will greatly appreciate
working on new instructional design business idea - should be ready in January if all goes well - just can't depend on contracting anymore!
Monday Blah has taken hold.
NYPL Monster Film Fest presents The Phantom Of The Opera, a screening of the classic 1929 film Saturday March 3rd at 2pm...
First practice tonight when great!!! It's going to be a great season :-)
zap zap zap zap zap zap zap zap zap
isnt she home schooled??
glycolic acid=speed up cell turnover
Hey , Did you forget again? xD
A wise woman told me it's okay to kno u good
Our Transitional Living Apartments is in need of a new/gently used gas grill if anyone has one? Thank you for all you do!
when are you coming to visit the QC.....i think it's time we meet face to face dont you ????
July sounds great! where are you located?
coming home!
True. Funny how you can get spoiled by MIDI, though... I pulled it out and thought, "How the hell can I sync this up?"
we are excited to be on twitter! we have lots learn from our sister market offices and others!
Leaving the garden state today. Fa la la.
whatever y'all say. I'm still confused.
hay feaver? bromelain supplements & allergy tests & shots OR move to Hawaii like I did.
nope not yet lol
I would argue that Kreayshawn and the rest of "the new underground" of rappers represent the new face of hipsterism
if you need any jokes, let me know. It's my specialty.
Love watching #dwts and seeing all the past contestants in the audience. Can't wait to fall in love with the new cast!
why does pussy smell?
Downtown Cleveland? Come see us at our table, at The Galleria Mall market show until 2pm!
#IdiotOverheardAtABar "I hate Chicago. I used to drive from Ohio through Chicago to Milwaukee." (same as previous idiot.)
I got everyone there by 8:30. It felt like a minor victory. How did yours turn out?
Lots of great session ideas. I want to talk about everything suggested. This will be perfect.
Naw i had to get a new phone i still got the same number tho
The most amazing thing about Portlandia is how many hairstyles Fred Armisen can pull off with so little hair.
Well #Packers… the #Bears got stronger with Marshall. Neal flunks drug test & Wells screws team. We need a DE & OLB or we are out of hunt
Such a great day but I'm so tired.
Come and get it girl!!!
Just read a transcript of the interview I did for the Business of Journalism class at
Everything this nigga says lately... Even back to him talkin shit abt Randy Moss when that was like his mentor.
The wind is terrible I'm about to head home and spend an hr driving with all the people who will get stupid cause it's storming
is it weird that I just realized you are in fact right? Wow.
*wings crossed* ;)
Hahaha! You should have!! :D
Got my room redone! :)
We're hoping to add our "Jammin' in the Summertime" jingle back in for the season... as soon as we get some summer-like weather!
We spent part of our honeymoon in Cappadocia and loved the beautiful cave hotel. The mornings are glorious.
Criminal jury never finds anyone"innocent"of anything,but decide if prosecutor proved each element of offense charged beyond reasonabledoubt
How about Texas Invaders or Parsec? I used to play that on a TI 94B.
Some of the acts on #bgt seem to be a hell of a good way to keep fit. Bloomin difficult though
Health Care Forecast Conference Video courtesy of UC Irvine- Paul Merage School of Business<---Thank you!
Read funny dispatches from the front lines of author field research. Giveaways!
i think it's the same price. $250 and $350
I jumped the turnstile on the metro today because I forgot my pass.
lol make it $20 and we got a deal 😝
of course! :)
thanks for understanding glad it worked out ok :)
and just stole the show at SNS with ... And it was the opening match!
yes mam. 130 each on stubhub. Went up to 2bills two years ago in same section.304 row dd avail in front of us
"Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around every once in while, you could miss it"
Let's go Kings!
yes, same here - keep us posted on yours!
i learned that a couple years ago it was called duct tape! i was so confused!
#SometimesIGetsickof people apologizing for the things they continue to do.
LOL. And the tongue stays still.
WHOOPS. I'll have to update her contact info in my phone.
Big announcement coming soon from Donald Driver.
Just programmed my first key card for 24/7 access!! This will be available for everyone early next week!
I wanna stop cussing..
Just want to say ive been watching you on t.v since I was a kid! Your amazing and beautiful! You ooze awesomeness!
It's about 3200 feet, give or take - a good workout!
Well, obviously i didnt know it was expired til after i drank it and looked at the date
ethnopolitical tensions, colonial legacies, use of state violence instead of building stable political institutions
fuuuck you . hahaha (: you sing and dance for me.
why u lie for zaa it's not nice she pushed me Quentin.lol
Are there enough people in the Sunshine State willing to FIGHT AGAINST these voter suppression tactics? Or are they already gone?
Republican Sen. Dale Schultz tells The Associated Press he won't vote for mining bill, leaving its future in doubt.
soo many chinchillas....
Got my permit today (:
#truthis I'm sleepy.. So why am I still up!?! Been up since 8 am with not a lot of sleep.. Blah
what happened?
It's so trendy and cool to talk about the illuminati now. Fuck yeah!
yeah, I know how that is. My computer bench is a wreck right now.
Thanks for the mention!
well the game was terrible, but i got some people that helped relieve stress :)
WTF?! A Tea Party meeting at the UAW?
The phrase that drives me crazy: "Any ethnicity except caucasian." Sigh...
Okay i add you tonight because I in classe math now ... :)
Hey man! Looks like things are going great since FBS. Do you have any boot camps near Santa Monica? Have a client if so...
Your words can say so much but your actions scream louder
we won't let it go, for nothing
It makes perfect sense to me that God would speak to more than one group of people. why would he only speak to the Jews?
U can't be absolutely sure. Reality is stranger than fiction. Indeed.
ACTUALLY CAN'T BELIEVE YOU JUST TOOK A PHOTO OF A RANDOM GUY I LOVE U X
Who doesn't love ? Watch his new movie ft & more Oct 4 #DanceFu Get ur laugh on!
This weather is crazy.
My morning work out was great getting ready lunch with dads lady friend and then my week end officially begins
dnt forget to charge up ur phone n cameras!
I have never heard of someone winning MVP in April but Holy Fuck Matt Kemp is a mother fucking beast 12 homeruns so far and he's in Colorado
I do. I like the Blue one ;) you?
Screwing in moderation, screwing is such a bore.
Yay! New commercial and Video auditions! I love it!
Indeed. RT : Kudos to the non-violent marchers who are staying calm.
If you sign up to our referral program, you can earn $100 by simply sending a tweet or posting a simple message on your Facebook Wall.
1st reaction using #NewTwitter = fewer tweets per screen, less fluid scrolling, awkward w/core experience shoved to one side
Happy 4th Everyone!
How on earth do you blow a 19 point lead like this?
Innovations require you...to increase variability. Business model innovation is scary because it is the toughest to take on." -Reed Hastings
Happy Halloween!
Really wanted to see 'Friends with Kids' tomorrow night...then I found out Megan Fox was in it...
B -'cut off their power'- WONG is a piece of shit! We are talking about ppl for fuck's sake! Eeeewwww, I'm burning up! ExMyFr
eh, just tired of being at home. Crazy family. I move tomorrow though! :)
that's what's up
Now you can respond to reviews for your business on your Google Places page
Getting excited for #padcampli on Friday! Shaping up to be an awesome unconference!
Totally hooked on Diigo, too. 4400 bookmarks and counting.
Dear little gut, go away ... And P.S. butt, toughen up
I definitely believe he did more damage to himself than not...which is fine. Miscalculate away #Obummer!
what's a fun hangout in the Philippine's?
Whose the DUMB one? YOU or ME
Acoustic show tonight...new york school of music....700....be there or be square and its an open mic so bring ur talents!!
can't wait for a coffee date with on Wednesday! :-)
she's one of my favs to follow!
Each item on the list is a thesis. Together they constitute a list of theses.
Man, I totally thought my old iPhone 3G was dead. Then it RESSURECTED! Jesus phoenix! Can someone draw me Jesus Phoenix?
Tomorrow is the big day! Moving to Arizona!!! I am excited, nervous, really happy, and sad all at the same time.
Speak for yourself. It's quite simple. I just count up to to 6 trillion, 3k times. I might need to clear my calendar.
Drinking Baking Soda for Health | Improving Your Health
Boxwire #BizTip: Your customers are human just like you. Give them a reason to come back and have an out of this world experience!
don't move to florida way over rated.
just worked out how to reply to messages on here. Bahahaha. How is the volcano?????
ha ha he's a gay..
I love you! No ganging up here!
so grateful to the amazing & inspirational crew<3 #TheFinest xo
THANK YOU for your retweets & support!
A good tweet is entertaining and enlightening. That one was enlightening, but I should dance to make it entertaining.
Look for sweet spot on the cost/quality scale: cheap advertising is usually not the best advertising.
Between two evils, choose neither between two goods, choose both.
Ah im so in love <3
Winston Churchill: "If you're not a liberal at 20, you have no heart, and if you're not a conservative at 40, you have no head."
Shout Out to the Chicks that aint "Fresh" right now.. Shoulda brought those Summers Eve Wipes! :)
Why do we not have a two hour delay, and all these other schools do :(
Good luck to and Women's Hoops this evening as they take on Texas Tech at the Big 12 Tournament!
so, yeah, I'd vote for MS
Watching season finally of #OnceUponATime and then the two hour season series finally of #DesperateHousewives and i think i gonna cry
I'm boredaf right now
I feel like I drank a bottle of Felix Felicis this morning.
I just patented oxygen. Pay up, earth.
I'm sensing your asshat neighbors are up to some fuckery again?
thanks so much! And thanks for the welcome! Looking forward to moving in two weeks!
I need to nerf herd some more.
Hello snow!
In nearly 22 years of working at a desk with a computer, I've only spilled a beverage twice, including just now.
haahahahaha omg what are those??
Cinco de Mayo (or as we like to call it "O'Drinko de Mayo") specials: $2 tacos, $2 tap specials, $3 Coronas, $4 tequilas, $5 margaritas.
Any #slpeeps have a preference for formally assessing written language for teenagers between OWLS or TOWL?
Hm... spoke too soon. Square has very serious issues. Now signing up with PayPal while I try to actually speak with someone at Square...
has a picture of James Storm with the Heavyweight Championship & Gail's return
there's no shame in recycling
People come up with the wildest excuses they take you as a threat
I am currently looking at you and meowing.
Under age box sitting!
Let's go Broxton!
Congrats to Ivonne Muro - Road Runner Sports Facebook Shoe Raffle Winner...Ivonne contact
I'm already in St. Paul if you need someone to taste test in this climate...
I want to throw a dinner party where I get to introduce/describe my dishes like they do in the food network
"A life of reaction is a life of slavery, intellectually and spiritually. One must fight for a life of action,not reaction."~Rita Mae Brown~
was the test audience a bunch of German tourists or something? You guys are amazing together! It's hard to believe..
Aww I didn't see ur tweet, I don't have twitter on my phone,looked at friends but u was gone:( y'all were AWESOME! GREAT NITE
what's today's topic?
Yay! You're on the list +1 Brent. Enjoy!
Dollop on Clarendon in Buena Park - such a cool place. Great super chill atmosphere, nice staff. Love it there!
Posting cool #pics this week of trips & places visited in MA. Loving it there...
The guy in front of me at the dry cleaners just paid $160+ for his laundry. I would just rather go shopping & replace it all for that cost!
Well said! RT : A3 Corps adopt new ideas (personal brand) from new talent all the time. Fine blending of the the two
u wanna organize cooperate show for me to perform? Ha ha
Conversation Re: ’s voice not matching our expectations: I’m still on the fence between miracle of internets or just plain creepy.
he fine tho!
LETS GO SPURS!!! <3
Hoping for another productive day. Got zotero working on both computers using the new sync feature from the 1.5 beta version. Dig it!
It's in all seriousness. Thanks for great season. Also...DM'ed you. I can also be reached at -- Ted Curtis
The Job & Internship Fair is underway. Make your way over to Bender Arena.
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair
I never forgot. I'm still having fun.
Our followers in #IN, #OH, #KY & #TN can #text HOOTERS to 90210 for great #specials & #mobile club #discounts from Hooters Restaurants.
Justes tells the worst jokes. Hahah.
RT : On #GreenIT : Sustained Green results are the outcome of an organizational transformation, not products & processes< AMEN
i got Thursday and Friday off work, only work 4 hours on Saturday and i got Sunday off.
#FF one of our fave loves!
Check out with tonight! Doors 7pm, show 8pm. Get here early for Trivia Night in the restaurant too!
fuck her on the LEAN.. THEN I FUCKIN DOZE OFF!!
well I am off to dinner with the parents. Ill be back on later.
UAC/Firewall are OFF. Demos for UG talk used self-hosting WCF, port issues, the usual...no time to figure out the workaround last minute!
Awesome lecture! Stay classy Bobby Bowden!
yes it would! Where and when? I'm at the postal museum
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT BULLYING IS FOR LOSERS
Morning although its 15:31 in UK!:L xx
Chilling at the Caleb Roedel Benefit Show at The Arbor. You should be here. Just bought 's new CD. You should too.
spoken like a true marquette guy
i tried it wont let me something is wrong with my phone
Morning everyone!
i added you :)
haha so what lvl r u on?
Can't wait to get my week started :)
not when you have a baby! 7am is practically is civilized.
Hey , thanks for the Instapaper update. I recognize you as a singularly hardworking developer and family man. Kudos.
Special thanks to for saying "Dreams...besides being the mind's subconscious porthole, is a new East Bay indie supergroup."
it's big old glass of red wine time.
Thank you for following me on tweeter and for add me as your friend! 😊
aha...where'd you get those bars
Is that the winner of Survivor or what, Guyz?
too many profiles to manage :) ,
just saw this. I need to give my twitter some TLC. just learned how to mention people. lol. Anyhow- must agree with you.
awh shit. Alright, when you start wearing inside shirts, I'll start wearing baggy pants. hahaha
NOTHIN'S FINE IM TORN sorry directioner moment.
I bought some marshmallows for Jameel today. I miss him so badly! Wish this was all only a dream. R.I.P my friend.
My first ride flew by (no pun intended, it's just the truth). 45min felt like 5min. I was that into it.
Sometimes I feel sad and then I remember that I'm a really good singer. I hope people remember that about me when I'm dead
haha well yeah...maybe. I'll have to get back yo you on that. :-} Thanks man.
That is so cute! Your boys are awesome!
Its all about Reckless! We gonna drop three more albums this year. The Black Swan 2 coming soon
Virginia Is For Lovers (Of Beer): The Old Dominion State Is Oktoberfest Central
Is this why you won't respond to my calls, facebooks and IMs??
Watching The Gods Must Be Crazy. Such a good movie.
Thank you for all the #FF! I am so grateful <3 m(_ _)m
GOOD MORNING MY TWEET FAM
Working on new plans. Following a quote from Alan Kay "The best way to predict the future is to invent it."
It is increasingly difficult to process some black folks' opposition to same sex marriage.
Washington DC, Dec 5, 2011 - Delight Me, Inc. will showcase its unique mobile collaborative care app platform at the 2011 mHealth Summit!
I enjoyed your talk at #INTADC on #trademark enforcement online/social media - Good info on UDRP & gTLDs
I'm reading other YA books today. You've got to know your market & what's out there (good & bad). It's all an opp to be better!
'Finding Your Dream Job: The Easy Guide to Your Dream Career' by Marcy Morrison is on sale TODAY! Go to Amazon to purchase!
Trying to get a winter coat for AK into carry on luggage. Tomorrow it's 70's here & 40 there. Makes for interesting packing!
All settled in with my amazing fiancé in our beautiful new apartment. Feels so good to have a home all to ourselves :)
#nowplaying Not Over You by ♫ while #amediting. "Damn, damn girl, you do it well..."
Time Be Flyinnn' .
Chicago: tonight spins don't miss it! In my imagination he brings a guitar shreds 6FS style over the beats.
Awe you know what I'd even pick up the tab for the pleasure.....xo
Arg P90x I loathe you and yet...somehow...love you.
I'm so happy that you're doing #Apt23! So perfect for you! #HILARIOUS! Hoping for longevity and gold statues for you guys. : )
Wish my hubby was here to kiss all over him :-)
Wit and humor have already kicked my ass today and I am left with nothing but a blank page, a bruised ego and a headache.
Extremely positive feeling here at Perriello HQ and lots of good feedback from the district-pls make sure everyone u know votes!!
now that I live in WI I feel like its ok to be a packer fan. Tough game tonight for the Vikings huh?
Wow, 's body is UN-FREAKING-REAL. All of the sudden I want some KFC biscuits and honey........(scraped off his abs)
Perfect timing for Scutaros first home run!!!
"RT : Video: Little girl stares down lion - Check out this video of a brave New Zealand girl who stares into the face of a......
Derby party!
forest whitaker being cast as a stroke victim seems really insensitive.
SO CALL ME MAYBEE ~
iDont even know what Imma be doing ..
thats how we roll! :(
Auburn Tigers... Dirty on D or just a tad aggressive? I'd say both. Was indifferent going into this game. Now I hope Ducks kick their asses.
I can only hear Brent Brown singing it at baseball. Haha I'm so glad you remembered that.
Wow, that Marines commercial could've been written by Heinlein.
It's not bragging so much as it's Foursquare for couch potatoes.
Mr.T's class ☺
Nothing like a tux to make a man feel like a Man.
get 10% off anything! just enter code:lesher100, in the rep code box.
About to get my beauty rest me and got lots to do 2mrrw
It's very simple boys. Makeout with me to a simple plan song and I'm all yours.
RT : A3...sign up for free webinars on how to be better networked in the job searching community <<YES>>
My boyfriend can piss me off SO BAD sometimes... But I still love him 
Happy surprise to see Peter Bedard at the Cypress Park Comm. Center while waiting for the parade to start. Thanks for cheering us on Peter!
worst doctor ever. I told her I'm clumsy/drunk all the time. What a quack...
Suspect was AWESOME!!!!!!!!
Ya like that eh?
Best day ever!!! Iced tea is only 99 cents at Dunkin Donuts!!! Any size!!
The Chinese invented paper, the compass, gunpowder, and printing.
hahaha that was funny! I think he was singing something from Victorious!
Go to bed early i guess.
Where All My #Lifers At?
#FF and thank you for the follow!
I'm crying and just woke up.... Somebody gone get hurt... Real talk
PUNKERS!!! Happy happy joy joy!!
Brother just sent me a text... Jamie Carroll close to a multi-year deal... with an unknown team... Hm.. Tigers?
Thanks Adrienne! We love you too. Thanks for flying with us here at MKE and for enjoying our sense of humor and fun!
Crazy how this year flew!! RT : Guess what - almost time for your Santa hat! <3
God I hate the bars
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 42
Did you know that before settling on Tiny Tim, Dickens' considered calling the character Small Sam, Little Larry, and Puny Pete?
why is that lol that kitten pic threw me off lol
MT “:"In hockey, you must be able to convince your players to buy into your system..the communication aspect is similar"-Cooper”
Happy Fathers Day! keep your dance shoes on... :)
hot dogs & Georgia Engel.
Those Special K protein bars ain't half bad...
I keep hearing loud thumps down stairs. I think Zombies are trying to Get in. 😱
Everything should be working now. Let us know if you get any errors.
Is it just me, or do the mirrors look extra sexy today?
how are you supposed to react when someone calls you cool? laugh at them?
Soon to be
Big shot durant!
Yes this is the real Dave Baez, thanks for (+) feedback. So when you day you want my body do u mean u want my work out routine?
um get over yourself, I NEVER said it was their fault, i actually think I said j/j would be sick if they knew about it
In Question #2, Do you think the Urban Centers alternative was selected because most of our population are transplants?
For those of you attending the #ASIL meeting, 3 of our publishers will be in the book hall: Hart Publishing, Intersentia & Eleven Intl.
You're still early in season one? It's really not about the blond guy and the blond girl trying to get together.
Rivers Monroe will be doing a contest soon to win some VERY COOL STUFF. Stay tuned. -RM
back in the office sorting through all of the unread email
(: Your the best !
Who let Johnny Depp have a guitar??
next year we're gettin tshirts made
NO. Chuck Norris is an ass. Let's NOT be like Chuck Norris... We are way better than Chuck Norris
so, baxter and botox! How bout Ana(lig) and Digi (tal)? Court and Spark?
I am on the brink of something great.or so I've heard
ba bump chuh
This year our faith will be tested like never before"
Every cough is a sign that im not gettin better
On point today
Currently making editorial changes to a publication in a language I don't know. Plus the new words were hand-written… in a hurry. Not easy.
A cold, rainy Sunday. Perfect for reading and football. Go PATS!!
S/O to all my CSU Vikings...now headed bck 2 da East
lol that's my sisters birthday too
#welp RT": Raven-Symone came out as a lesbian? Cool. Maybe she'll come out as irrelevant next."
happy to call attention to an important issue and hopefully offer some historical perspective in a nutshell! Thx for tweeting.
Looking out the window of the "Radio Ranch" office, a nice fluffly snow comin down..Proud of the TEAM 4 a great start to a new year.
I thought so, too! :)
Welcome aboard! RT : officially sent in my BU deposit!
is having trouble finding her smile today...
I'll take Gemologist, Bode, Alpha, Take Charge Indy
“: I put it already a while ago”
we went all out for you dudes for tonight. Old Crow and a case of Boxer. You're welcome!
I generally don't like to go where I've never been, but all of that changes today.
It hurts so much to breathe and all that, like the pain you have to shut your eyes for cause it hurts so much
The chamber paid the charge card bill; not Davis directly.
Are we looking for 70° this weekend.. what!!!!! :D
One Direction - The Brooke, Your still shit tho.
Dine around the Market today from 11-1pm with Klay Oven Kitchen's Chef Hiran Patel! Cooking demos and samplings you don’t want to miss.
Everything always makes sense until someone has a point.
Mom 1: "My son was addicted to alcohol and sex" Mom 2: "My daughter was addicted to drugs" My mom: "My daughter? She loves Bieber too much!
BUT FOR NOW, goodnight (:
okay pues haven't gotten anything yet? :P
I. Have. Issues. O.o
So im hearing that Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber broke up?! Oh my goodness! My baby might be single! Lol.
All this beautiful weather is making me crave some peanuts and Cracker Jack. Hurry up April 6th!
Shout out to for GIVING this game to the Knicks
What a beautiful day can't wait for
I've been neglecting social media lately...oops
After a few days of site building, got down to some good 'ole #Drupal theming today, CSS3, Responsive Design, PIE, oh my!
WHATS UP TWITCHES?!
I'll be going to to get something to eat on dinner break. How many Coney Dogs should I get?
We have a gluten-free menu. Choose from a variety of delicious items today!
2 many signs that parents and children don't recognize. join me at #teend8tingchat this Sat at 10 am topic: pink flags
Any of our great bars in the area have Hopslam on tap or bottle? I'm giving up on these distributors
We had a great day at our grand opening! Thanks to all who came by we enjoyed meeting you!
In Time was a really good movie
How simple is this: two letters, two numbers and you have yourself a free Carne Adovada sandwich. Just mention promo code: CA10
Got a sneak peek at my Mother's Day gift..... I hope it works out!!!!!!
For sure. Where are you guys right now? Last time we talked you were in NY.
- thanks for the props!
Tweeting live from internet week in NYC. Tech at it's finest. So happy to be here. Just talked to a guy that helped developed twitter.
Money won't buy champs heart and team work dose congrats to all mavs players and fans now mark Jackson get to work and let's try to make it
Join me Baby J & Live from Cattleman's Square Tejano Explosion 2012! Tonight it's Michael Salgado & Marcos Orozco! W Houston & N Frio!
could the niners be in the market for Braylon if the Nhamdi deal fell through
That guy knows what he's talking about. Come on out.
RT : Thanks for the love, ! happy to be part of it!
What doesn't kill you makes you a fighter.
watching tv u?
are you sure it's 100% safe to update? Ended up downgrading it to 2.3 -.-
Just went to the water cooler and got all hot water instead of a mix of hot and cold.
At the dshow - this swanky place is full of chic creatives. is nominated!
At social media seminar talk
#ChuckNorris IQ can be expressed simply as a sideways eight.
Walking to the corner store while dressed as Don Draper. Does this qualify as larping?
The Twins have a lead?! Might as well mark this one down as a win right now...
sure ;p
Ok bye ..lunch,,xx c u later:)
DWIGHT IS MY FAVVVE. I always thought DS was everybody's fave. If not Dwight, then who?
Cheers to you, window creeper.
I think I Hurt her feelings today.......
Hi Ms. Woods!!
Each year in America there are about 300,000 deaths that can be attributed to obesity
RT : Think of a positive number. Double it. Add 6. Half it. Take away the number you started with. Your answer is 3.
Blake needs to be able to score one on one there
I don't mean as replacement for grading, but some students don't like the wait for feedback of any kind
Go I finally have a reason to watch nascar!
- damn you.
Grilling out! Fruity drink in hand! Babe of the grill right here;)
I just remembered how I never want to leave this place.
Dont be fake. Cause that shit catches up with you. Be real and 100% at all times only coward's have to be fake
Maybe this is a sign..
CONT when you're injured it's fun to get on with them and just have fun
Just overheard: " I tried to take you to a nice place and you fart on the comforter"
Diversity is not just for portfolios any more…Our Virtual Cycling DVDs are designed for groups, but work great for individuals as well.
follow me?! :D
Why do people make random statements of affection on Twitter W/O using someones name? Isn't that like talking to urself?
Please see my answer on to: My girlfriend has been separated from her husband almost 7 yrs. He doesn't love her...
I'm making it a point to get to the theater more this year. Will probably make the most trips since before my 1st was born.
anything on the sked for ATL?
I'm on twitter! Woo hoo!
both but i can be in cliftown whenever since we still have our place until july, after this weekend when are you thinkin?
I leave town and you turn into a Sioux Falls bar hopper?
how did things go with your geotrellis trial?
Let's go Dukes!!!
got asked on fb if my wedding dress was to be made of burlap. It was a joke but made me think of #pr2011 lol
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
The waiting is almost over!
Waking up after Little 5 an realizing I have my keys, wallet, AND phone!
I'm just sorry you had to try and find questions amongst the spam. And that I missed the question deadline, obviously. ;)
Come on Minnesota!! It is not that difficult to merge and go the speed limit
I see "Holes" on there, so I already know I'll love it. Buying now. :-) Thanks for the recommendation (and the reply!)
enjoying wine is like making love...the more senses you get involved the better it is.
Winning today. In such a good mood!
College YES is giving students up to 5 yrs of training, support thanks to i3 grant per
Good tip RT Uh-oh ... RT : Only 1 out of every 5 social media items should be about yourself.
I hate bitches that where make up I like mine natural That make up fuccing talks face up that's y you gotta put more and more on every time
"We must use time as a tool, not as a couch," - John F. Kennedy.
you divorced me a long time ago. Remember!?
Missed my biff thank you for helping me out tonight!! Really missed our times together!! I lovee youu!
One less lonely girl is Austins favorite song to sing. RT if you want him to sing it to you.
at Keys with
this movie called The Quiet on Lifetime is really good lol
nodding my head like i actually give a fuck about what you're saying.
Dude volunteers to go back to war for 1 more year instead of staying w/ his smoking hot wife (Christina Hendricks) & baby? Dumbass!
while its 2pm where you live, here in Florida, its 12:37!! :D lol!
Congratulations to for winning our #giveawayaday contest! Thanks to everyone who RT'd!
is this a joke? #southwest security line is disgraceful.
At least im staying home today <3
Merritt Island you were great! Thank you for the support over the past few years.
They missed out big this time!
Not sure why I'm not wearing pants.
DID YOU KNOW!? "The average human falls asleep in about 12 to 14 minutes." falls asleep in about 2. YOU'RE WELCOME!!
I love your icon
no it means IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!!
cool Kevin, congrats. next?
#Google+ piques my interest.
Now undrstand the chop't vs. sweetgreen debate. I choose sweetgreen.
Go RT : Yeah Pacers... YEAH! Put it on these bammas!
You all are fucking beautiful! We can't wait to play some crazy shows for you all soon!
Correction: unpitted fruit - fruit w. pits! Peaches, nectarines, apricots...
Got the NEW timeline ! What do you think about my cover photo ?
and Anna Maria Perez de Tagle spoke to ClevverTV at the grand opening of Pink's Hot Dogs at Knott's Berry Farm this
: The awkward moment when you walk into a class and everybody looks at you like the never seen you before.
difference is important
Playing sony making money a
gonna bring my mom some flowers and #thengotellmydadhappymothersday lol.
same here long as I'm breathing am good
I wish LeBron was the commissioner so we could have "The Cancellation" broadcast on ESPN.
If you're participating in any May Day activities today, remember that the #publiclibrary is free and open to everyone. #Occupy it.
Wow I just drooled on my hand....
yes he did!
Just finished meeting with potential new web designer! So excited to see what she has in store for us!
At Times I Do Worry About Being Hurt, But Im Willing To Take Risks. If It Doesn't Go Well, That's Just Another Lesson Learned.
There for sure! ha
My toms didn't come yet 😡
it's ok Colin. The rest of Arizona isnt very cool so maybe that's what u were thinking! Haha
i have to see my baby :( i misssssh him.
Yay! Brought out the '69 at Quaker Steak.
I'm planning a couple of jazz night in the spring and summer month in Santa Monica CA and would like to speak to a booking agent
TY for reply! Well, I figured 1 of u could fwd feedback, as u prob have more influence than me. ;-)
aghhh when is jersey going on auction!?!?!?!?
Workin a double again today.. Wah! 😭
Ok, thanks Presley. I wasn't sure the correct "protocol" Thank you!! #Frustrated lol
can I have some
this is the perfect time
If an active fb user is seeing someone who refuses to participate in social media, is the relationship still part of the social graph?
Thank you! Hopefully it will be enough for potential PhD programs; do not want to take it again
RT : British Intelligence tried to feed Hitler doses of estrogen in order to make his moustache fall off.
was flipping through Netflix earlier and saw the movie Antz... Thought of u immediately
Oh okay, I haven't seen u around all weekend. That makes me sad :(
u bet!
and Johnny suck at pool. -__- Longest game ever.
"Exogenesis: Symphony Part 3 (Redemption)" - Muse. Can't get much cooler than that.
if you're a normal girl who doesn't need makeup to look pretty then #ohjustlikeme i'm normal. idc i roll like that (;
You shouldn't #bully anyone because you NEVER know what goes on at home.
hey i havent tlked toyou for a long time
Hey, man...glad we got a chance to chill today. Hope you enjoyed the food. Hit me up sometime and we can talk MMA.
in need of some food right now
CHERYL, FOLLOW THE BEAUTIFUL BARBI'S & STELLAR KEN WAHL....THEY R AMAZING & R TIRELESS ANIMAL ACTIVISTS
Prepping for tomorrow's #HIST479 class. Blogging, Tweeting, and What's so new about New Media? discussion!
I want cereal but got no milk
Glad to be of service Kyle ;)
um excuse me, im not a whore? and dont put a winky face...
#BREAKINGNEWS: Portland Fire say another white powder envelope has been found at the Marquam Plaza Medical Building. 6th total scare.
Getting ready for The Impact of Social Media in Healthcare w/ ! Follow #smwhc + blog recap to come.
Try sticking your hand 6" in front of your face, stare at every detail prob' for 5min while forgetting you had
Rio mambo was delish but the staff was rude and our server didn't give us the correct change back. 
I just realize that I miss chiquis and raq show!!!!! No way but oh well I just wait and see the reruns ...=)
I feel like I put in way too many hours at work today, time to eat and get lazy
I called to request a song and then they asked me a question haha
You can lead a jackass to water but you cant make it drink..... That old saying is beyond real.
Great to meet you too!!! I hope we cross paths again! Hope you're feeling better today...
": The difference between rich people and poor people is rich people make rich decisions and poor people make poor decisions"
lot of hot air in politics, so why add to it for such an important thing, ya know? People will pay attention when you fail.
Want to write for us? Send writing samples and a little about yourself to submissions [at] twentysomthingindy [dot] com.
I tear up during every single undercover boss episode.
