Important update on Minerva tomorrow. Coming up: Breathe Carolina / Chiodos / I See Stars on Saturday - Animals As Leaders next Sunday!
At 's reading of A VERY MINOR PROPHET at Too. It's a hot reading.
Thank you Susan, Malcolm should be free after 4:00 Cst today.
hail storm?!
Listening in on #shadowgoals all FREE! :-)
thank you. <3
There is two kinds of music, the good and bad. I play the good kind. Louis Armstrong
yeah I'm down. Haven't done anything in a while man. I could use a lil break...
Yay! So glad to hear this. MT I enjoyed #casesmc so much. It worth my 1 day travel from Egypt.
at rebounderz where im bein teased for being stood up..oh how i luv havin a brother who works here so all his coworkers are in my bisness..
you and me both sista
Can someone explain to me Why Grown ass Men get all Butt Hurt when u can't make their request?.... IM NOT PLAYING A CHINGY SONG FOR U!!!!
Just dont give up yet, you still have plenty of time left.
": let me "tink" nahh no.jealously this way ima tell,.......on u" somebody who the call p** w** woulda been nice .
Back of the bentley niggas tried to get me we out gucci gang for life
awesome! “: Cooking up some exciting things for !”
Alright you better hurry up I expect a pretty sick suvenoir from Colorado
Hey there! U may not remember me, but u graciously performed 4 Ruther.CO.Sheriff 9/11 event. I'm a coordinator. THANK U AGAIN!
haha yes so am i ! we needa make it again :)
must be those bottomless mimosas? Lol
Kids plate at restaurant next to Mayo is crazy crazy big.
are you kidding me? You cut ? Are you kidding? Seriously? Beyond disgusted right now.
Saw the lucky one with last night , such an awesome movie and a great performance by Zac, you've really become a talented actor!
RT They're closing down our schools, our food pantries, our clinics. If we can pay our taxes, why can't they"-BoAshareho...
I just screamed so loudly at Daisy/my tv I'm sure the neighbors heard.
This picture was taken 5 months ago :-)
My Team Winning That A Fact Boii We Got Fat Pocketzz Like a Fat Boii $$$$
the more than this music video. That's what people on twitter are saying. :)
YOU CAN?!?
Hologram Biggie would cost twice as much as 2pac's. Twice the size, widescreen & have Diddy dancin' next to him. "And we don't stop"
Hey dude! It's Holly the a-ha fan from Cleveland! You are a huge hit on the fan forums!
What a boring day.
CONGRATS, ! You're gonna be the best dad ever!
Are the Yellow, Red and Black Seas actually yellow, red and black?
Is it true that Bill Murray shredded the GB3 script? Will this movie ever happen? Mike
I'm starting to hate this school more and more each day...
To think that I wasnt gone come back
... Will you miss me a little when I'm gone
Where is the SNL after-party? That's so cool!
why u no get me my doughnuts :-)
is looking forward to next week's #NGS conference in #SaltLakeCity. Will I see you there?
im great ;D
but u can get to kno me
Help keep trending!!!!!
Follow great tweets and he follows back! RT
#rulesoftwitter dont post any sweet stuff unless you mean it
Speaking of #blackkeys playing Soundgarden...Superunknown is an amazing album. Haven't listened in years.
I thought it was just me! Allergies are taking over my life!
If your truly inlove with a person noone can change.....#randomthought -ImaPrettyThuq)
Thx. Just "Liked" your page....Really good stuff!
Yes, C. Wat shot is needed. MT It's time for Christian Watford to announce his presence.
Having trouble getting android email to show in HTML? Answer: Menu/more/settings/send and receive & set mail size limit to NO limit
do you miss bethenny or are you over it?
I just finished a 4.86 km run with a time of 29:00 with Nike+ GPS.
I believe i was a rapper in my other life.
oh haha gotcha !
#TEDxABQ Cathy McGill - be willing to see with our hearts, not just our eues
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you hear some old lady say yay Victoria's secret!
Smells like cigarettes and old lady perfume in this b*&*&
#DetroitLions is da bosses no stopping them they unstoppable
Drinking a venti iced in vintage jil sander black blazer...found myself at May Day. Whoops.
- what are you feeling so nostalgic for? Geez, you'd think ole Boortz is becoming a softy!
I bought a pistachio baklava for dessert. I ate it--there's the wrapper, but I can't remember a thing about it.
I have a good day ahead of me because I said so
Just thought aboot Canadian bacon..then realized how dumb that was..and bought real bacon
I only unfollow ppl when they unfollow me first
Chocolate Chip. So delicious.
Me too! But even if she doesn't get first place she's gonna be successful no matter what. She's all set.
I love ya avi too that's cuter
pretty girl u kan't go wrong wit that one
#TwitterTwoThousandYearsAgo "istone" is trending....so is "walk on water"
i know, i finally sold out.
Tangled was such a good movie!!! Loved it <3
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
Watching my NEW 37" tv that I bought... upgraded from a 20" inch box handed down from my parents. Movin' on up, and it feels so good!
“: Thank You ": So y'all want a man who murders to be out of prison? GTFOH"”
I could seriously quote that show all night !!
I just had to answer a questionair that had like 365 questions on it for CPD 150... that was aweful
Dominic Hathaway is the most annoying person ever
is ruth gonna take us!?
SAY MY NAME AGAIN
I've had an account with since July 2007 back when they were iminlikewithyou, glad to see them killing it with Draw Something
Watching Scott Pilgrim VS. The World and the Arabian guy reminds me of Yasir.
I'm putting on my Springsteen shirt, getting an iced tea, and going to the park. Forever, farewell.
Obesity in pregnancy may be link to autism
Go Nathan!! “: Broadway Bound TUCK EVERLASTING to Play Boston June 2013; Shear, Miller, Tysen & Nicholaw on Creative Team
dollar general here I come!
I know right lol
Finally saw Christian Slater's Pump Up the Volume movie, I don't know what all the uproar is about
Just looked in the window of a 'Bier' Hall in Williamsburg and saw the Upper East Side. Twilight Zone shit.
A mom's hug lasts long after she lets go. ~Unknown #HappyMothersDay via <nice!
As long as you persist, you will be successful
“ “ my gut feelings are usually right...””
I was just about to say that. YOU NEED TO LEAVE!
i love you and please can you follow me or RT this<3333333
Jason Zell is Producers, Incorported's newest agent, representing symphony orchestras.
Chaos would ensue without them. I thought of another one: "Can I get a RT?" is a major no-no. It sounds desperate.
Where are you sitting tonight?
i want more purple whatevers :/
Teachers can be anybody at anytime. Dad, thanks for being my life long teacher. #ThanksTeach I only hope to be as good as you.
oh yeah. Lmfao! What happened to al? Wasn't she gonna meet you half ways?
Listening to the ? bailout? bankruptcy? OK something will happen? to the American auto makers. WOW where are we headed?
We need a reality show that pits all reality shows against each other in a gladiator ring. Winner gets bragging rights and is canceled.
Enter Coupon Code: NFLDraft for $4.00 off on your order.
True story. I live in Tucson, Arizona and have a cousin who is an excellent swimmer so she often competes in Phoenix. One weekend I was f...
YOU ARE MINE.
We're opening at 10am today! Have an awesome time at the South Side Irish St. Patrick's Day Parade!
Golfers get out & walk! Good for u & ur game! Strength & endurance!
it was ight i dont really fuck with clubs like that
There r holes in mah pants. dont play with my holes unless i say so
Thanks Cap! Nope, no vid, but good times, nonetheless.
loved it. Read bottom line pubs. Bottom line secrets.com
WOW! Congrats to you and Bonnie!!
Get guys it diamond. I'm writing a Bieber love story and if you wanna be in it tweet me
My card was charged TWICE but no order #, so your cust service ctr told me someone has to call me back!
You're welcome! & thank you once again for all your great work!
Guy: Who hurt you? I'll kill him! Girl: Suicide is a horrible thing.
That's cool. What should the new static clings be then? I guess I'm confused.
I agree!
Bruker Announces New High-Performance Scientific Instruments and Analytical ... - MarketWatch (press release)
alright well Thank you <# and hopefully it'll be soon(:
I'm following them with you today buddy. GO NOLES!!!!!
happy day for Mr.Keith
He was the 2nd one to perform, it already happened.
Oh, you lucky lady! Wallingford is one of my fav neighborhoods. Guessing your house is older (my old house was from the 40's).
Seek info, not affirmation , quoting M. Pollan
Were you Surprised that NBC's "Awake" got Cancelled? Are you going to watch that Special on Johnny Carson for PBS?
saw there last week. Hilarious!
All of our football sections at the Oklahoman are deadlining next week - let me know if you're interested in advertising!
Give and take good advice. Sell everything else.
Open today at 8:30 AM. Can't wait to get back into the swing of things!
you just have bg's of mustache of Austin.
people like you actually MOTIVATE me to try harder to become famous. so then when i am, you'll feel like a dumbass. :)
Blah, Why Did I Have To Wake Up -.-
oh I see
I see you LBJ
Lake County IL fans! Stop in in Lincolnshire to pick up Union Jack Porter and RedNectar with the best panini!
Dirty azz goat
perfect homeslice...I steady poured up
i shouldn't be upset about this but i have a reason to be
Chelsea's defense has been poor from the box. But quality goals like what we saw deserves a quality win.
Didn't expect to be asleep that long
RT : If you're 21+ and still with your parents LUCKY YOU, stack that bread
I'm pretty certain that the MSI (laptop manufacturer) web-site is designed to make it impossible to get your free Windows 7 upgrade.
aint it like 3pm out there? ...pull it together
I don't understand why hates my different accents & my dancing. I think he's hinting he needs back :)
We all use excuses. Some of them are just better than others.
wow, that was fast...
Plz keep the 4 students and 2 professors from Lynn in your thoughts for a safe return soon.
excellent! Thanks for the recommendations!
It's bad when I actually think... Keep Batista in ... Instead of the bullpen
That awkward moment when your kindness is mistaken with flirting.
Deal! I haven't played it in 20 years :)
Happy Cinco De Mayo to our Twitter friends =-)
It's okay, I'm definitely feeling that way today. x
That was a pretty amazing drive.
I wish I could write like my grandmother did. I don't mean subject matter. I mean actual handwriting.
Don't forget to think key words to be found in LinkedIn search...another key difference from a resume.
Damn feather n fin be packed everytime i ride by that joint
watching your video now. Just subscribed to ya. Keep it real man
thanks for the mention, love freer/ sackler, Peacock Room 1 of best places to "OMG" at on Mall!
good times man!!!
RT : “It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.” ~ Lena Horne RIP Lena!
Just finished relay for life i didnt sleep all night
Atlantic City or Long Island?? Yes!
No you don't. In fact, if you try to do that, it gets you in trouble.
At the core of the It Works! incentives and rewards program is desire to inspire and motivate distributors to dream again....
Misery loves company, but company has a boyfriend
I was wrong and I figured out? Seriously , we want people that are right!
Forgot my belt today - already having "issues." Sagging dress pants...definitely not a good look for me!
Watching A Dangerous Method. It seems appropriate to listen to Kiera Knightley's accent on April Fools Day.
Albivis for dinner
RIP Wanda the goldfish. Hope you have fun joining your soul mate Cosmo in fish heaven.
Mimi has no idea what she's getting into! Black pugs have so much attitude! LOL :-)
I've said this before, but if you're interesting in urban planning and progressive politics you really need to be following
Thank you for that #awesome #speech ! Bring our #troops #home !!!
falling in love at mifflin
goin to see #30minutesorless I hope it doesn't completely blow cause it looks like it's gunna be awesome or it's gunna suck
lmao ur fucked up but I still love you
Always Wondered If Would Rock Our Superior Swag
: Correct and that data would be of use to everyone. That's why we don't sell via amazon not now, not ever.
"Reconciliation = Pathway to #Poverty" Bill certainly doesn't help #children living in
quit tweeting and get to work! :)
Unfinished at the Cathedral For decades, New York City has considered designating the Cathedral of St. John the Divine as a landmark. But
thanks! I'm pretty proud. I assume someone else has used it before, but since I can't remember that I'm taking credit
Morning light! Hooray for Spring.
Just won 2 free tickets to thanks to ! SO EXCITED! 4DAYS!
R.I.P. Bob Brookmeyer
I'm hurt. I though totally dug my avatar. Well, at least digs it. :(
Movies downtown this weekend with the crew to see "the dictator"
How can you win authentic, autographed, Carlos Giullien goodies? Answer: Which Social Good Detroit Sponsor does everything REAL BIG?
ya she did :( oh well were just gonna have to beat some peachtree station butt this year!
I hate when girls r so protective over there boyfriends, where u can't even be friends with the guy anymore without being bitched out -.-
The Word of #God is #Truth. It transform you. Show fruit.
Making this vlog even though I'm in a foul mood.
FREE (TONY G) -- HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRO BRO
Its not to late to sign up for Fox Sports Grills first annual gulf tournament on July 20th. There is only two foursome left. Hurry up!!!
I've been working all day on the final details for the Heartland Worship Institute. Things are really coming together. It's exciting.
Wade is 2-11 for the gm with 5 TOs. Id ask that question of him first.
The have the best in game music mix of all the Milwaukee teams. Thankfully, they threw away their Jock Jams CD.
omg, here i am looking for healing properties of certain stones/rocks, because I have been having some crazy allergy issues
RIP Ali
Someone here in Michael's is singing along to Debbie Gibson and it's so not me.
Sunday at the Village Vanguard seems like an appropriate listen today
Looking fwd to see everyone at the "Liberating Student Data Using Next Gen ePortfolios" session today! #SXSWedu Thu, 9AM, Room 412
I don't think he will. Plus it's not a dome. They would go far though!!
Dear Haters, hi
Right, ignore previous tweet that makes no sense whatsoever. Thank you!
thanks for the RT!!:)
Thoroughly exhausted after my first day in Haiti...and I hear is here this week too? Safe travels lady!
Yeah My baby Has A GF.!! She Better Not Be A Snotty Bitch To Him
yeah, he's a cool dude. Good power and hits for respectable average too, which we could use haha.
Which did he start? I've been seeing random things here and there
I love comedy shows
Be part of the solution. Support the great work of &
naa my season is done today . . I aint going to the game tomorrow . .
Piggy Bank Members get a FREE chicken or rib dinner if you accumulate 103 points in May!
Cam. The bears defense has let up 300+ yds in passing every game so far. I'm still anxious to see Flacco tho.
Your one of my fave players but I hope the mavs get the best of you! #mffl but if y'all beat us, I'm Pullin for okc.
this made me laugh really hard.
thanks lady!
ain't that the truth
I'm good just wanted to say hi. Have seen ur tweets lately
Seriously! Damn show. It has my heart being twisted and pulled in every direction. I need a drink after watching it.
You're very welcome!!
''I AM a freestyle leprechaun, muthafuggah!'' Emilio Estevez replying to my last tweet
pretty crappy
some of the girls at my school are so annoying
Completely agree.
with all that you really expect to work on a relationship lol
Bud Light "Platinum?" Seriously?
Nice pairing today of tourney champions: Rory McIlroy, David Toms, and Jim Furyk. Fun to watch.
God I wish I was a cat.
lol alright, i'll take ur word and i might get it haha
Never give up on something you really want. It's difficult to wait, but more difficult to regret.
gonna spend #springbreak with my best friend & listening to . yeah. ok.
damn...some vitriolic people here. Its called twitter not bitter.
thats good. and I was going to go but i didn't feel like spending 40 on a ticket, i only like a few songs of his
let that nigga make his own choices and bump his head. And as for her we all know she aint try to
Sleet, snow, and..The Magic of Monk. Tonight at Twins!
you guys inspire me! Don't know if I'll ever be on ur level But if I can at least do mile a day, has to get me somewhere..
Aw Thanos, you're a hoot. Come by the cabin anytime bud. I'll leave the light off for you.
My life revolves around penis
I have no idea what went down from 1 am to 6. But im ok with it
Somewhere we went wrong. We were once so strong. Our love is like a song, you can't forget it..
is already one of my favorite Actors, but he just did my Favorite super hero all kinds of justice.
Melo is the player and Melo can play defense if he wants to but since Woodson arrived his defense has been great. He just
Disney's new series Doc McStuffins premiers today at 10AM. Awesome show for the preschool crowd!
nytnyt and sweet dreams buddy sierra~ love you so much my dear buddy~ hope you had a great day <3
Will this be coupled with slowly removing (or increasing the price of) the least sustainable options?
yeah, but this time I'm going to thin it out towards the bottom so it looks better.
; you coming ?
Ahh that's gross
I NEED A JOB
The title is "Suicide is Painless" and it would make an AWESOME #Crew96 or #millwall terrace song.
why would my teacher think it's okay to assign making a website for a project..
Hot showers >
Defending today's gray rainy weather with full-on color: orange top, multicolored scarf, green raincoat, blue shoes. Imma bring my own sun.
Where did I go wrong. I lost a friend. Somewhere along in the bitterness end, but I stayed up with you all night.
We are looking for a few food trucks to be in Station North on Saturday night to feed 1k attendees at the Station North Block Party 6-10pm.
So glad I got to see my BFF this weekend.
I've never checked my score lol!!
That moment when you dont know why you cant fall asleep, then remember you had 3 cups of coffee and a latte today...
Is spoiler-fear an official psychosis yet?
When I first got a coll. of hers _SJ is Indignant_ as a gift back in '01, she was an acquired taste for me, but I have become a fan.
you's a nocturnal bowler!!!
lol just made me the best avi!!
I can't stand you sometimes lol ugh
You're welcome! Thanks for the hat tip on such an articulate (and eye-opening) article. Lots of work to do be done...
everything he said was factually correct, on personal media, w/ no policy in force that he violated. He'll win $5M on appeal
lmfaoo, I always do!
Hot and humid inside this school. Ugh.
About to leave CPC and march toward #occupydenver and
Dr. Shah says dealing w/health care is like learning to fly a 747 with parts flying off and hoping for a safe landing.
are you gonna kiss and tell .?
it would be called forever fangirl ©
RT : Working with my sexy sidekick tonight come by for a drink! #cantstopwontstop ❤
hell yeah my niggah, too damn long. tell yo homies tht it ain't a party til DR32AMS in there. ya feel me lol
Protip: Don't listen to him. Tweet ALL THE PROTIPS!!!!
My Quote of the Day - "Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.", Mark Twain
Does Obama's 'I did it but he won't' TV add seem disrespectful after O said he wouldn't spike the ball, and SEAL Team 6's subsequent losses?
The devil knows you... So watch your step!
Surprised at UCLA... but... oh well. ;)
I saw a Bill O'Reilly video and thought of you.
Oh, the divine joy of sunshine beaming through open windows.
contact me I have low prices
lacrosse? In lawrence or CoMo?
Thank you Russell!
Working & listening to Leonard Cohen's "Democracy" - so apropos of the current election season
if you liked the first five minutes I think you'll be pretty stoked with the rest of it. :-)
I can't text because in too shaky...and I just don't wanna talk bout it right now...:'( thanks for being there for me:)
American Dad sure likes dream sequence episodes.
I'm going to celebrate Supermoon by listening to the expanded Scream score by Marco Beltrami.
absolutely! will stop by the school soon to say hello, and we're excited to see these future superstars at the fanfest in a few weeks!
My big brother is THE ORIGINAL LAND MAN. Follow for interesting/useful info about NYC & Long Island
Or like comparing an IBM typewriter to a Blackberry?
#harrystylesdoafollowspree YES TREND (:
Damn.ol girl wanted to fuck da chick i was fuckin then da dude who want m3 and not da straight buss downs.smh.try again boo
my recommended videos on Youtube are all for tennis, crossfit, and kittens.
LADDER at DirteeD's place, all genres invited.
been there, done that,
Atlanta BroadwayWorld com. Now in 1st by 1.2%. Still please vote. Make sure you go all the way through the voting process. Thanks!!!!
Studs Terkel was one of a kind & a great guy! Thanks for the reminder.
James Tate barred from prom for asking a girl to the dance by posting a message in cardboard letters on school wall. Page on Facebook.
Great article--I love Sherman Alexie.
#UVA rise up!
yeh I mostly agree - need to focus on creating value (traction + revenue) & let everything else take its course.
awesome. “: rare event - entire family gathered around the tv watching season finale of #goldrush alaska.”
Is getting a patio, or an addition?
Can't wait for skydiving tomorrow with
S/o to my new followerv
Mastering sitting still has brought the focus factor of my life to a new level. Now I hear Jim Rohn on simple disciplines vs errors
Hmm... And that's all I have to say..
you get your finger and do like a "come here" motion, lol
With admiration and fondness, we remember Gerry Beck. Restorer, husband, father, pilot. His shadow is a long one, and is missed.
Maybe. Depending on how tired I am.
It's even news in Japan.
hey girl long time no here how u been?
good morning party kid!
ok i sent a request to I think who is u
You mean hair lucky, right? Not lucky, lucky...
Listening to my music until I fall asleep
The guys have one week left of preseason activity before they go on fall break. Then we start practice
The good news: soon I'll know how my computer compares to my colleagues' re: age. Bad news: no one will ever get a new computer.
#itshardwhen your trying to let go of something but there's always that one things that pulls u right back where u started
am on mkting research list. They call me once/mo & ask me lots of questions to see if I qualify for their latest focus group
Obama is in straight up idgaf mode and the funniest part of it is that he'll be reelected.
My fellow fans and followers...anyone still awake?
Linksys is good if you need something to run over in your new monster truck. Good luck on your tech adventure
RT : A Debate on University Tenure: What would happen if tenure were eliminated from public research universities?...
The shop n save in stl ran out of lettuce........im actually shocked😱😱😱
Can't forget about Ronnie price tho!!🏀
Works for me!
So many of my #unrbrand students gave themselves permission to be excellent this semester. Some amazing people in this group
Missed wine Wednesday so I'm making it wine Thursday just for this week ;) x
wow that is amazing. Thanks for the press! Here comes a retweet!
i can't remember the last time I had to write a paper this ridiculously long. oh wait senior year.... Extended Essay. ick!
oh you are looking for beats?
Every time I slog through Aquinas, I find something relevant to the diss, but I always feel like I've wasted my time.
Welcome to Indy ! Colts get lucky again...
that's bc you're from Miami and the clouds follow you.
i'm better off w/o u
Who knew! awesome illustration on the cover was done by
yes please stop!
Nice work!
Are you guys all packed into that tiny wedge?
the hardest thing about knowing that you don't love me, is that you spent so much time pretending that you did.
follow us thxs boo
I hate refs
i just got off i while ago actually. The next time i work downtown is thursday night.
66-yr-old transgender woman: "We live in fear every day for our being and our basic needs"
your pup is awesome... especially the pics where he just has that IDGAF look.
yes. he took $1450 and i have no way of finding him and getting my money back
This game is irking me!
m...bacon
Hey Bob, thanks for the follow!
Phantom planet havent listened to them in years, pretty good
As long as it doesn't mix up Beckett's T-Time.
RT : "Varied & fascinating" says today's El Nuevo Herald of NINE NATION ANIMATION. Starts 2nite Friday
speed big big diff
So why don't art museums use ideas like LA/Boston bets to lure visitors? Sigh.
"history of now" is such a great concept.
I can't explain why but I think that I just had one of the most unforgettable experiences being on stage and connecting with the audience...
I need to hear from George. Forward your contact info to my email . Thxs. JC
it will be a short day for me today. Have to leave around 2pm to pick daughter up from school. Not sure if we will come back
no! That's gay, we need you Jenna!
The myrtle plant is the source of the green color by the same name, a very dark shade, darker than spinach.
Thanks for listening to my Timbers and Tucson babble last night at the Bitter End. Good times. :)
awesome, buddy. Congrats.
Crazy job app = done. Next up... going to the dentist :-/
I vote slightly confusing yet adorable on her. Props to Dakota for taking a fashion risk!
Roundys has organic milk, prob cheaper than Organic Valley.
wtf. dead guy in a tree
other teams (world series champs) interviewing him. cubs not? theres something going on here. something deeper...
thank you. I used a herbal detox. Drinking water and unsweetened green tea only.
I simply do not have enough middle fingers to show you how I truly feel.
Osama bin Laden killed. Wow!
I feel like its the end of the world
Ugh Monday already! But I'm alive, thank you God!
Happy Birthday Mommy & Dolly!!
so tired. no bueno.
you are AWESOME!! I'm pulling for YOU!!!
Uncovered another static function call in my PHP project. Time to brainstorm mocking strategies. A Factory? Might get ridiculed.
maybe a livechat when you reach 10k?? :)
is planning a food cart festival the same day as my wedding! WHHHHYYYY. maybe my guests won't notice if I slip out for awhile...
That #mavs game was epic, what a complete collapse by okc
Culs-de-sac not cul-de-sacs.
hm you have a point...
well I've never personally been in the market for a pair but the important thing is that you are happy to rock them
Your looking for me, Zeke! (AKA )
people extract cash for all kinds of reasons. they did it to pay down debt.
Back to #Bluetooth interoperability testing (yeah, I know, but I did get out for MTB ride today)!
RT : Dick Cheney got a heart. Now if W. gets a brain and Colin Powell gets some courage, Condi can click her heels & go home.
The Electoral College?
Chronicle of Higher Education tells Naomi Schaefer Riley to take a hike and issues a pretty classy apology for the whole fiasco.
I haven't been on Twitter in forever! This must change! #TweetMe #SmallFrySoldiers ! Xoxo
Python, with "True=False" legal in 2.x, is "grown up" but Ruby is worth leaving over shell scripting shortcuts? o rly.
the Chargers are gonna run thru that division
You, Elyse, r a STAR! Great voice, and the music is FANTASTIC! The Ones Who Never Speak is a hit record. MORE! MORE! MORE1
You don't love a woman because she's beautiful, She is beautiful because you love her.
Trust God sounds so easy but it truly is the hardest thing to let go and let God
I'm not gonna sweat today.
Jus Had My Baskin Ribbons #NW Friday Free Next Had Ta Buy It
congrats on finishing up the semester and graduating!
If you see the BIG Cat tell him you heard me tweet of all the exhausting work we are doing while he is away! :)
I love being surrounded by beauty.
great read. thanks for the article Mike.
A piece of my childhood is gone, I just found out that Soul Train host Don Cornelius committed suicide. Prayers go out to his family. RIP!
thanks for sharing that -- Hope your week is going great so far man!
I haven't heard this. If I do, I'll make it priority to ban them from life.
#Disgruntled with #Apple!!! GRRRR...I can't talk on my phone because of this stupid update!!! AGGGHHHHHH :-p
I want that.
Ok, I will get EVERYTHING done on my to do list! Hmf!
Maybe you're reason why all the doors are closed So you could open one that leads you to the perfect road- Firework Katy Perry
Fantastic play down the left by Sinovic and Convey for Sporting lead to goal
And if #Hillary had beat up classmates, she'd get tagged the lesbian feminist ball-busting shrew, not just the feminist ball-busting shrew.
Sometimes a fly is just too awesome for the wall.
Haitian pep rally today at my school... Hm can't wait to see how that turns out... Good morning world ;)
Im still hungry! D:
Jesus Montero, making that ridiculous S.S.S. stat on how he hits as when playing catcher even more hilarious.
Wow great I think I'm getting sick 😭😨
We have a winner! Congrats ! Thanks for answers. #Colts have won 7 of 10 road games against Jaguars.
ok...whose that on that picha...
what kind of wood is the table made of ?
me too but now I don't know what to eat!
We're one week out from Milwaukee Irish Fest! We can't wait for all the Slainte madness!
New Youtube video up in 20 min. Be sure to check it out
#MarkBurnett is doing an amazing job of producing The Story of the Bible for -we got a sneak peek - so moved by his vision!
aw yeah i fucking hate that shit. but luckily david doesnt do that lol
#seapunk is ruining my life, none of my friends will talk to me anymore, I'm in my own personal shell. -lostatsea 19F/ca
chatted with someone at about signing up! these clothes will be so fun to send to Boikokobetso, my sponsored girl in So. Africa!
no the funeral kid
Dear , please don't cancel Parks & Rec. WE NEED MORE KNOPE!!! Best cast on TV, gotta bring it back for a million more seasons!
no, YOU rock!!! of course :)
Insufficient to fix the tragedy of US healthcare, but a critical 1st step on a long, incremental process
One of those 8 RT 8 out of 10 people think a first kiss indicates how the rest of the relationship will be.
That was close... Good move
WITH THE 1ST PICK FOR YOUR THURSDAY NIGHT HOTSPOT--THE FANS SELECT.....KLUSOZ!!! THANK YOU THANK YOU (BLOWIN KISSES) lol
What. Was. That? That was like a Master class in awesomeness. - #bigomaha (Excellent session frm of !)
Need to charge my phone
"Digital Journalism"
#moreclutchthanlebron Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
Don't forget to catch on Building Games in HTML 5 TODAY 3:30- 4:30 Room 2016, West Hall, 2nd Fl #gdc. Knock 'em dead Marc!
Did somebody EMP my apartment? Video card, sound/headphones and router all screwing up in the last 2 days.
What said--thank you so much for reading and sharing today's guest post!
Is it ok 2 b racist abt white ppl if yr white 2?
I wanna go on a photoshoooooott
hey! I'm good, how are you? :)
What about Babe Ruth and his jersey ay???
LETS WORK: 30 Flutter-Kicks topped with 30 Crunches; happy 9Round Minute!!
Although not my thing, thanks for the invite.
when would she be starting? when would you be transferring? I'm assuming you'd coordinate...
thank you. I am on the mend.
I applaud this and hope to see you in an arena soon!
YES, I told you I can sing! But noo,you don't listen!
Should I get a Verizon iPhone?
Holy mother of all things bad.... #Lakers WTFuck?!?
WOW! RT Malone? RT : most overused word on twitter: wow. most times i see wow, i think why?
Watching a Jack Johnson film in Geography. <3
you'll absolutely get there! & glad you're into the crits, we're so excited to see those come together. Thx for that feedback
thought you would like that
duly noted :)
i remember that moment,you had a baby voice,hehe jk
Strange song on...?
“ on a scale of Voldemort to Pinocchio ...how nosy are you?”
I should be receiving P90X in the mail today....not to sure if I am happy or scared.
DJ Pauly D is whack as fuck
Ever been on board a haunted ship? Tell us which one.
idek how I get straight A's thinking about him all the time!
Bulldozer pulled out at Jackson and lasalle
I'm seeking speaking engagements to educate re: OFCCP, ADAAA, Affirmative Action, Inclusive Inclusion. Will be keynote speaker at 2 events.
While you work through Cisco's customer service, I can give you access to GlobalMeet and get you up and running. Give it a shot?
And who decided to make Knoxville into Antarctica?
Portland Fire confirms one man dead after falling into a tank. They will empty the tank of Haz Mat before getting the man's body out.
I need a good color scheme for #IntelliJ when writing #groovy. Using #solarized now but not happy with it. Any suggestions?
BYE I'm really not gonna argue wit no english person ur not even american GOODBYE!!!!
Thanks! I'll have to check that out next time re: lavender lemonade.
no worries. Was all over the place. Great event!
Its PERFECT!! One Stop Shopping!!
Happy Holidays to all of our supporters and may you have a Happy New Year!
Cool. getting into color grading. Mac Guru Brad Stoddard gave me some tips. He's editing a Redcam Spy Thriller. cut cut cut!
Keep positive energy and hella smoke for em......
O yea Ma bad I thought u was talk N bout another pic Slow Shit Slow Shit. LLS!! ND Thank u I Love it ND I Love You to Kayla.
just got back from a great day on the lake!
Had fun at #WWE #RAW last night :-)
#iloveaboy from Stratford, Ontario, Canada named JUSTIN DREW BIEBER <3 LOVE U <3 <3
Doing homework and cleaning on this beautiful Saturday. Surprisingly hungary despite the amount of food I ate Thursday
Dear Twitter, Will you please allow us to have centered backgrounds?
Have you ever tried a stapleless stapler? Very cool stuff!
back to work today. at the office listening to Pigface. volume at 11.
Looking forward to seeing you in a couple weeks in South Bend Indiana on May 11th. : )
how about a SO to the Kings for making it to the conference finals. I think the last time was '93 with Bubba Melrose
I can't believe I still remember the lyrics to Ziplock Bag.
The Afternoon FiX is live right now! Tune in and get your hard rock fix with me! -MC Nutt
movie in health class :P #fatallove #anyone know this?
I hate how uncomfortable day old tattoos are
e.g., Using scene change detection/2 approaches to structuring grade/Stereoscopic workflows/Loading & conform mat
Not particularly impressed with Prototype 2 yet. Other than graphics nothing really seems that significantly improved. Hope I'm wrong.
We specialize in residential and commercial locations in Miami-Dade, Broward, Palm Beach, and Monroe counties. call now : 866-970-2532
Best thing I ever did... Lie to keep my sanity...
kill him for that.
Time to bounce back and climb that mountain.
great series. I want it to happen
Keep reading! The important thing is to enjoy!
Is Mike Maddux getting close to Peterson status?
said hello to Mr Soul. He was indifferent.
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
Thanks for following us! Stay tuned for news and special offers just for our Twitter followers.
Thanks to every1 who came out to our brunch party yesterday! Special thanks to the awesome girls who put on a show for us on top of the bar!
Get a free screening of the Christian movie Without a Father in your church. Just go to www.freechurchfilmpremieres.com
ah I wish I was there!!!!
I'm a fan of breakfast.
Paul, the link did not come out well, cut at the second bracket, please re-post with a better link
Helped Frank with his computer, he couldn't connect to the Internet.
Nope. Not that she wasn't worried it's just we've seen alot worse. You were just taking a "siesta".
I can't help it. I love paper books.
In an age of new media, there's no reason not to work hard to disseminate our research
except we are missing a part of our family right now... Dad :(
Its not RT Y is it so hard 4 a man 2 be with some1?
Thanks to all MCTS rides are free from 6pm until the end of regular service on St. Pat's Day 3-17-12
The new special is so good I'm now watching it again. This will be repeat 3.
:( sorry you feel poopy.
hey u found me on vside. When u getting on?
working on the dance right now
Ha! RT ...choose between signing and Rachel signing on the 29th? What kind of Sophie's choice BS is this?
That's what I'm talking about. Looks like fun. One-off? Series?
Hair takes 72 hours to completely dry.
You're right. Is it work ethic, maturity? Maybe he should take a page out of Gerald Green's book. GG, a good story.
Welcome to Columbus/Dublin, Ohio. Hope your event is a great success.
celeb apprentice tonight.
Sat in front of tonight at Titanic:) haha sorry if we scared you by randomly talking to you! hahaha
Mani/Pedi monthly ...you know ladies
Friday game, Saturday with Sounds like its going to be a good weekend
Classes open for September registration... Aerial Basics, Pole Fitness, Contortion 10% off for registering for September.
After a rehearsal last night I dreamed that I was living my character's life. Love it when that happens.
i'm pretty sure i get a little more attractive every year. that probably sounded stuck up, actually. fuck it.
because vidal sassoon died?
Grading to the soulful stylings of the industrial woodchipper across the street.
Ghost protocol ain't half bad so far
Today's gift card winner is Frances Labor. Congratulations!
do you go to the store everyday?
RT Head to the for lunch today, drinks and hoops tonight and full on st pattys day celebration tomorrow
I make u scream, make cream. Weigh it out on the triple beam. (FREE RHYMES) Tweek & Follow
RT talks zombies, vampires, and the future of gaming with Highlandtown-based
I of course, like the Liberal Arts School, may have had needed a framework and theory closer designed for competency
Gator Bowl result makes the NCAA's sanction stalling even more salty in the Buckeye's wounds.
Don't be Busy. Be Productive, America!
Not so glamorous when pounding pavements trying to get an audition. Still love it, though!
All done with #lisa10 and waiting at SJC for flight back to Seattle. Sorry to see it done, but more than happy to be going home.
Hahaha when my brother sets the phone down while this girl is talking his ear off and watches tv
was leaning toward no but this was the second article on the topic in as many days. Not leaning quite so much now
Pauly d makes me wanna jizz my pants every i see him.
So touched by Whitney Houston's funeral, her "home coming"! We will always love you Whitney! RIP
Yes yes I was turned but I called it a (lesson learned)
I'm a sucker for good covers. Has anyone read THE INNOCENTS by Francesca Segal?
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world. Buddha
Compliments on the haircut make up for the 5 mins of panic I had while cutting. I thought I saw more cranial lumps/lesions.
's lead singer looks like a coke-head. These guys are lame.
Okay, Cori.. Keep that door closed and locked. For good.
Having a baby sleep in your arms is one of the best feelings ever<3
as long as we order the drinks up. :) And stirred not shaken.
Are you a Happy Birthday song traditionalist or innovator?
That Romulan stuff should be illegal. Know what I'm saying ?
After you left?? hahahah
Come on Rosetta Stone!! We got this!!! lol :)
Jerremy Lin and the other guys w/ the Knicks play that team in Miami tonite under All Of THE Lights ! Thats what Im doing tonite !!
You have to put the past behind you before you can move on.
t-10 hours till song drops
RT "It's about putting your hand in water;when you remove it and the surface stills,what’s to show that you were ever there?"
Fucking bitch, you get mad at me for something you did wrong
International Women's Day! "I am woman hear me roar!"
you are very welcome.
I'd rather get 0 likes for a picture of my face than 50 likes for a picture of half my tits
heavy saturation on 75th between Metcalf and Roe. Spotted four fuzz and one had someone pulled over.
For a kid w/extreme olfactory sensory issues, he sure can douse himself in Hollister's Jake cologne.
and how many time did you eat?!
I'll sleep when I'm dead.
- you know joe Chang or his brother at hp?
People are interesting sometimes.
I'm tired of people using twitter and facebook to bag on people.
Cold cookies and warm milk. What's good?
it's awesome:)
<---- I just thought I'd say she's awesome 😊.
W. C. Fields~ Some weasel took the cork out of my lunch.
I ran a 5K charity run yesterday. Yea, I feel it this morning.
I agree
Party at Trashwater! Next 10 people to mention Baby Robot get free admission! Free beer, free food, and a pool! 635 Dekalb!
YEP. RFP is on the street for developer to replace the whole thing w some bright and shiny
. Me either just saw the the commercial.
People that wasn't "farm to table" when it WASNT "cool" 25 years ago and suddenly shop at farmers markets now
I see London. I see China. I see one happy vagina.
What do you guys think is the best Monday party? AV, Writers Room, Cathouse, Playhouse, Colony?? Not sure what to recommend to a client.
So true!! RT : Shopping my Values is NEVER over!! :)
do u want aurora or mila or thibault or diane to see those
Hello Burbon Street!
is getting mad at me tho :(
Thanks for hyping guys! :)
I probably jizzed 20 times during the Avengers. Incredible movie.
Congrats! So exciting!
Watching a twenty-something boy enjoy tomato soup from a Thermos was the most heartwarming thing I've seen in ages.
They change right before your eyes.. Women are amazing creatures to watch observe and study.. Women's psych.. Need that class
Who on earth is Bon Iver??
I'm always awesome. Thought you knew this by now. We are NO longer friends
you never know though! Which song are you going to sing ?
Did you hear? Mitt Romney doesn't like store-bought cookies. So much for his stance on the free market system.
Oh shit! Just saw that George Watsky coming to South Milwaukee PAC next Monday! Mos Def meets Woody Allen.
"When a thing is Funny, search it for a hidden Truth" --George Bernard Shaw ... Remember; The Truth is the Truth wherever it comes from*
Wasting my life, waiting for the bus.
Launchwrite users: if you experience the black screen bug: drag your custom BG image files into this folder: "HD/Library/Desktop Pictures/".
do i need scrip for that? just sneezed 7x in a row which is supposed to feel like an orgasm but let me tell you--it doesn't.
It's all in the wording. When Obamites have nothing left,... just reword to their favor
She is doing tysabri but was telling me of her copaxone and beta seron I believe it's called reactions as well
I try to hide what's bothering me. I hope I don't have to worry anymore. I am careful and carefree. :)
have you started packing yet. It is going to be pretty warm and humid. Get pumped for foods on sticks at the
Taking my fam they Mothers Day gifts trying to surprise them.
I have a feeling you won't see this, but can I get a "hi" or a "be iconic"?
What are you wearing today?
Looks great! (hope that answers your question :)
Rumor has it Top Model is moving to Friday. Bad idea! Why would you put a crap show like top model with a hit like Supernatural?
Glad to have you here!
Yankees loaded on base and can't break the tie:(
there is access to internet access at any local library and cafes everywhere. All citizens have access from what I have seen.
#StayAwayFromMeIf I'm not talking to anyone else
I TRUSTED YOU HAIRCUT LADY.
P90X definitely works if you're willing to stick with it..
Chicken pot pies!
~Want to golf with Oprah's Stedman in Chicago? hit up Tesseler Dillon
Auditions for Take Ten tomorrow. Director's meeting Sunday B4 Superbowl!!!
My twitter alerts aren't coming through on my phone so I didn't receive your mention much love to
Nice. Good luck! Do you have a race plan or goal distance? Or just "see what happens"?
I've just finished catching my wind from shooting last week with super fine Claudia Jordan in my film STALKER...!
Wishin i had him here tonight to sleep next to... 😍❤ ...
sweet. Haha, I'm also good at pouring cola.
I like TNA wrestling a bit more :x :X
Summer work sucks
I can't stop eating ^^
call me, maybe or the Biebs? Or neither?
I will. I guess you don't keep your word
RT : #FF to everyone that's shown #ZN love on twitter this week! thank you,
If you can't change the things around you, then change the way you think about them. ~Wayne Dyer
Let writing be part of your life #USC #Writers conference
nice pic guys
Oh my God the amount of fish and spinach I just ate in such little time
ok thanks
Thanks, Tony. Refresh my memory but I thought they stopped collecting assessments awhile back?
how is it?
Thanks, Rob. Better late than never! We appreciate the support.
Can't get the party rock anthem out my head. Lol
Just bought plane tickets for Seattle!!!
Wow i have a weird boyfriend!! I love him though I LOVE JOSH haha
Oh but now He look like a fool
Fuck You Good, Love You Better
—hikers raising political awareness by walking from San Diego to NYC—just walked through Gallup, on the way down to Albuquerque.
UGH! IS IT MAY 21st YET!?
I'm woeking in DC from late June through July. Any chance you'll pass through?
Just seen these dope ass adidas. Gotta cop em soon
i wish i could listen to some trojan football
Knock knock, where we at? In The Jungle, livin life
more #FF for : ; Good nite all
Learning Final Cut Pro and using flash for my site. degradation will not be fun on this one..
Let's be more intrigued and fascinated with people's unique genius not there weakness!
Really shouldn't wave my arms around while I'm holding knives
Good morning lol
#IfItWasUpToMe I would put a weight limit on leggings.
Why am I always so miserable when I'm not with you? 😞
You're absolutely stunning! Happy bday grrrrll!!!!
1 down 13 more to go! K Studio weerrkk!!!
Had a great day with we are the true Thelma and Louis
I'm blaming the thermostat issue on ghosts or modular synths.
Great workout tonight! Next session Tuesday!
TRAFFIC: Accident with injuries 12/18 at Deerfield in the Cottage Grove area. Use caution.
Morning all! I loaned my office keys out so now I'm loitering outside the dept waiting for someone else with keys...
see if you run into my old friend howard han from gigmaven
Hopefully my agent can do work. I'm not all that picky, but the Pack would suit me best. Plus their "stock" would go up
2 FUCKING DAYS I AM SO STOKED!
Someday we shall dine together, my dear. Someday. (I Hope)
Are you asking that seriously or ironically?
#GoodOne Some men succeed cause they r destined 2, but most succeed cause they are determined 2 #quoteoftheday JenoLo Re-Release 4 days
Attn: Phoenix Picassos—Have you made any #UChicago-themed Draw Something doodles? Willing to share? Tweet us your best, + we'll share. Thx!
Work, doctor, work, gym, pharmacy, breakfast for dinner w/ Mom, good book, sleeping pill. Don't want to see any more Arcade Fire updates.
Stoked to announce that we will be working with Mr Cameron Mizell(Chango studios) on a single set to be released sometime mid summer!
could be Hardings, too!
And sheesh, what an epic trip.
follow please!!! I really need it!!!! Come on!!!! Just one click.
Today is our anniversary(:
crap. >:( but get her u just wait
‎#menage Mondays #two girls are better than one #atl #live #tonite #atlanta #good #food #alcohol + $5 wings & fries
Wrapping up the song for the Anne/American Gods split.
ill meet u somewhere
shut it
Watching love don't cost a thing
Let me start the 1st rumor: MJ had a full face transplant and is living secret life in Abu Dhabi, out of view of creditors and police.
We will say a prayer for her Laurn.
Show tonight at the FIne Line. Downbeat is 7:30. See you there!
Live butterflies, up close and personal Hall B, Booth 1427
PickUpLine: You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way
look out for She will be probably dead by tonight, from listening to you. Make her dream come true.
Same reason girls do... loneliness.
We are launching this week - promise :-)
Jesus Christ what the hell I got picked for the home run derby in softball. I can't even
I'm gonna make this a daily tweet and tweet you a picture of Dorito until we meet him 😊
fuck. losing sucks
My self-esteem is at an all time low.
I'm really going to miss middle school,:/
Thanks man! You made our day. The album will be out on iTunes in the next month. Will keep you posted for sure. Glad you dig it!
Yea haha I'm from Mexico City ;)
At 2pm, we will draw a name at random from those who retweet for the free Miranda Lambert tickets. Show is tonight at "BC."
I wish they made the potty more comfortable, so I could nap....!
i promise i'm not ratchett ya'll!
Thanks for following! New changes coming to the menu soon! Grade our performance, and give feedback!
So excited to spend the Somme back in green bayy :)
gov. walker was booed out of a wisconsin restaurant tonight......um, get out of the state while your 'a gettin'.....
thank you! Puttin god first!
So....the wife and I are having a kid tomorrow. 11/11/11
WHO TURNED OFF THE HEAT
What's omnivore Michael Pollan eats is good enough for me: "I couldn't do without olive oil (Katz) & salt (Maldon, Diamond Kosher)"
sweet dreams vinny(: ❤
I dont live in utah anymore so now it takes 20 minutes to drive to church instead of 2.
- The question is, did ACORN form another organization to acquire the ACORN assets and continue the radical left agenda?
no but John Cusack will
Time to kind of say it the way I see it. The Cardinals stink this year.
No Time Warner Cable, I don't want to print my paperless billing enrollment receipt.
TWO FREE WEEKS Rent to Own, ONE DAY ONLY. Black Friday , sale starts @ 10am. Hurry in while supplies last.
You're awesome, Thanks!! :0)
When I see ur face, there's not a thing that I would change, cuz ur amazin' just tha way u r:)
Happy Thanksgiving Day everybody.
we miss you
Okay all, having an argument with people. Where do you rank Jay Cutler amongst the 32 starting QBs?
How to get this song out of my head? >.<
we do not connect on the ground with contemporary emerging leadership. Nobody marches in streets for effective programs
this app rocks
Attempting baked penne with sausage topped with Armenian string cheese :)
I think within 15 years, nobody can imagine that you're not doing [inbound marketing]
oh oh oh xD ;P
The NBA Thunder trusts our photo booths for their events-Who will you trust for yours?
Headed to lost creek for some solo r & r
RT tweakerrsamm: i wonder what life would be like without . ohmygeesshh, horridd and no humorr :|
Any idea how to hide retweet's in the latest version of
Angeline tells me the real "Beowulf" does not have a golden Angelina Jolie with stiletto-heeled feet, however.
FCAT=sweats,no makeup and hair up Translation....idgaf.
maybe Obama should take his own words and think about our income tax rates
Your Dodgers at my Brewers. Kemp vs Braun. Gonna be a great series. #MLB all day, everyday.
in the end, Jen was actually really good though! But still want my 3 through.
Thanks, lol if I keep rewarding myself, I'm sure I'll be able to stick it out this time.
American airlines is in air mailage debt that is equivalent to $8 billion USD and will never be cleared
Thanks you all for the #ff ;)
notices everyone but me!!! i tweet this boy all the time and nothin=( very fustrated right now!!
"Brains'll only get you so far and luck always runs out." - Hal Slocumb in "Thelma & Louise"
.. Kinda like your teen pussy
yea I am did yea just firgure that out!?
aw my cute cute boyfriend <3
Happy Birthday Javier!! I'm listening to Time After Time at work right now and people asking me"wow who's that?" lol u tore it up!
RT : I think im gonna do contemporary dance at Joy Of Motion! I need to start practicing!
We did done with natasha khan...in spirit. She got the meatball sub right?
Perhaps we are the only two fools running it?
didn't realize you created that visualization! Great work, its fascinating. I'd love to see a 1600-1750 version.
It's hilarious how many of my friends are checked into pho restaurants right now.. I personally had my first sober NYE in a long time! Haha
Oh my God, seeing David Boreanaz is like running into an ex-boyfriend. You know, in my parallel television universe life.
they just shouldn't put you threw that : /
our Governor Jan Brewer
Did I get an extra hour of sleep this morning
Are you following the actors you admire on twitter? Who do you like?
one of these days ima kick your ass and I'll be the one laughing ha ! >:)
i just singed in from a computer and it feels weord lol
Yea Bro Mine Started In this Shoe Line
Just asked a coworker if the flowers were from her lover. They were from the office because her father died. Apparently I signed the card.
We've been cooped up in our rehearsal space, so we can't wait 2 go into the studio tomorrow to lay down a few tracks. Watch for vids & pics!
Bike rider was in the bike lane.. his family lives in the neighborhood. Probably just heading home. How can you not stop? Details at 5pm.
So thankful to have Ari as my idol. She's so sweet,caring and does so much for us. She's an amazing role model…couldn't ask for any1 better♥
I wish I could major in non-academic reading
At noon today someone out there will be winning the Coen Brothers' TRUE GRIT. Will it be you? Probably not. But it'll definitely be YOU!
I haven't been to Eunice's house since the day you left.. And if I go to karaoke night I am only going with you! Lmaooo
Ice creams in Reeth :)
I love my university but ... why is it this NEH Institute is a big deal for folks from big Us but my U doesn't care in the slightest?
"Would you be the jelly in my peanut butter sandwich"
I want a motorcycle and a matching leather jacket
where are you going in CA? :)
yup! Get down while they're hot! Lol
Smoking hookah, pass by if you want
I think they mean you smell like tulips!
Favorite Friday Faggoooot
god is love and grace but he's also the purest form of justice-the flesh resists righteousness, but the heart & the actions do need 2 change
Martian, no. Robot, yes.
I don't want people to be my friend because I'm gay. I want them to be my friend because they like me for who I am.
Today I sat up in the vocalist #convo gypsy camp.
Its 3 already!!!!
: I think I remember us talking about that. Once upon a time
You never get tired of Twitter, right? cause monsters' eyes are on you, dear Mother Monster. ,<3
I can't wait to see to see how much Pinterest is worth ....
If the flowers start licking your face, be worried. :)
I really really really want a ukulele.
How many roads musta man walk down before he admit he lost
I spent 30 minutes Bicycling. 277 calories burned.
#Somewhereinthehood My nigga chamie car jackin' so we can get the new parts when we crash tha rover
#Great #Smoothie today! so fresh! #Raw #Spinach, #Brusselssprouts, #Carrots, #Tomato, #Banana, 1/2 c #Yogurt, 1/2 c water: #BLEND & #ENJOY!
The day breezeways goes outta business >>>>>>> that place should not be in existence
let's hope they see transit as an area of needed improvement as well…
No one should ever have to go through the trails gay men and women are going through.
Happy New Year! Let's make 2012 even better! Be safe tonight and enjoy the new year!
I'm at the New York Electroacoustic Music Festival. Let me know if you're around, too!
Who's planning family & school reunions? Plan it together with Facebook friends & family on our website. Yep, we've got your back!
They let me leave from time to time. I'll be back next week!
Why does the Tweetdeck iPhone app keep crashing. R they going to fix this?
Tomorrow! Bring Me The Horizon, Parkway Drive, Architects, Deez Nuts, and On Broken Wings at the New Daisy - RT!
Enjoying the last days of summer... are you??
The high-pitched squeal of some poor dying animal had me jumping out of bed at 2:53am to shut the door so the cat couldn't drag it in.
One of my great wonders is how people find Jay Leno funny. I think other people write his standup & he doesn't practice before going live.
Keep it simple this week. Grill out tonight & use leftover steak as salad toppers, a quick snack, or in a panini with some cheese.
Poised Creation will continue to supply artists with tangible and intangible resources for their success!
Seriously... RT Aside from being tall, Sean Marks looks more like an accountant than a basketball player.
I was just on this nigga Joe Budden twitter, this nigga got all the hoes and is living life...or so it seems, a nigga is inspired
Great company to be in; thank you, Carl.
nobody cares nugget-scrub
I've found that growing to an extreme height was the #1 way to appear older. Try it!
haha! Wait. I thought we gave it a B? Did we downgrade a letter due to burning susceptibility? ;-) great meeting you 2!
she got us matching btr thermoses and she got herself a btr blanket! we found an fye! :D
This is a big week, more news coming on the Summa buidling, stay tuned! And be sure to catch the radio show on Thurs @ 1pm, topic = Tweens
Do you guys have a favorite song?
oh stop I'm sure you did great! Don't be so hard on yourself!!!! Okay :)
Wow, the scam artists are out in force today...whew! They are just blowing up my mailbox!
"I'm making love to the Angel of Death. Catching feelings, never stumble, retracing my steps."
We're at the Greenroom tonight playin our acoustics, come on out!
Church with
LOL! Thank you!...so true!
“: I get out of work tonight at 12.... So me in Club Hush... Maybe” let's go ;)
For some reason I think Call Me Maybe is the next A Thousand Miles. A one hit wonder. Sadly.
Sorry we have been away for so long, trying to get everything setup.
thanks for the follow! i like befriending fellow photogs here in LA!
is my wifey made my morning
hahahahahahaha .... our daughter just told : "I need to comb your butt."
Kurt kobain, Janis Joplin, jimmi Hendrix, and now a winehouse, all expired at 27. is this when they lose the creative edge
like me ;) haha
man im back in mississippi my dady was fuckin ova me so i left...but i should have stayed,, i cant find a job or nothin
Goodnight ;) it's my bed time... ;( Talk to you girls tomorrow ;)
Love the colors!
RT : Almost all attendees on in-person side of #MWRC12 Virtual Worlds CG mtg weren't very familiar with Second LIfe. < Whoa!
Link to piece on Simone Dinnerstein from Diane Rehm
Whitehead--Obama is no socialist. a Socialist wouldn't give all the $$ to Wall St
if you love
so tricky, the line btwn modeling & letting them apply independently. I just remember I learned by flying solo..
“: Did I do something wrong? The video won't load..” We are fixing this tech issue now! Thanks for letting is know.
taught myself photoshop and moviemaker over the weekend...retouched MY headshots now almost done with editing MY reel!!!!
All topics trending on Twitter right now are related to Whitney. She held the soundtrack to my youth.
Thanks for mentioning us!
Who wants a free paraffin treatment? Call us at 251-9182 to book a manicure today and receive a complimentary hydrating paraffin dip.
haha exactly. can't wait for our bloody mary date :)
Made it to Montesano, WA in a cute cafe with WiFi. My feet hurt. I'm a bit sun burned. My butt itches when I sit down (need wicking pants!)
Ignorance is the best remedy for ignorance, People be critizising because it makes them feel better about own miserable lives.
"I wish to thank Rob Davis for his patience, kindness, knowledge and understanding. Rob, you will never know how much we appreciate your...
I have to work :(. Have fun!!
they to like to live in a fantasy world rather than the real one
++ Carton is awesome-sauce pored all over my #perl package
We are experimenting with Tweetdeck. Let's see if this HELLO from Infuze Marketing hits the Internets.
Ah. No longer *as* jealous. ;)
Rocking to Mumford & Sons through #AppleTV while doing homework.
man I fucks with you! I miss you yo!
Had a dream that actually got back to me re: JCP but realized it was a misdirected response to complaining about
APPLY! omg its GRAND, donuts and coffee and ice cream and cakes everywhere & the stores are so cute whoo whoo, LUFF IT
thank you:) we appreciate you taking the time to listen:)
Tell wade stop that flopping
did you get my email? Not sure if I sent it to the right address.
yes i would love a pair yes
Justin Roper will get his first AFL start for the Predators tonight at quarterback.
Back 2 back rehearsals 2nite, ready 2 get it in......
Greenwood, Indiana...watchout, Happy Jack's Hot Dogs mobile food cart will be on the move this week...daily tweets for locations
I know how much we all love infographics, so i updated my resume
Clippers say they will match any offer given to DeAndre Jordan! I can't say I blame them. The guy averaged almost 2 blocks per game.
gorgeous!! I need new ones too!
What a crazy storm today my poor doggie is hiding in the bath tub doggie valium for chewy
Hey everyone! Sorry I'm late... Nate here, your friendly Health IT geek!
that's always a good idea. I can't wait till I'm done with school though
Twitter Bootstrap is great. Really great. But is better.
Two walk off grand slams today...Votto with the Reds and Stanton with the Marlins.
Editing pics... Oh Liz La Point, how I love gazing at your beauty...
Beautiful Hotel and very friendly helpful staff.
The immune system has 3 functions: 3) Defend against foreign bodies. #bloodfacts via
tfff am I doing awake??? bed(:
Awesome! You should tell her to teach mi madre a thing or two! Haha.
I submit! Resistance was futile! :-)
Have a baby by me baby be a millionaire.
Good luck to the 70+ T2ers running the Bank of American Shamrock Shuffle 8k today! The first wave is off and running
It was so interesting. You saw me? Come say hi next time. I'm sure there will be similar events in the future. Did you enjoy?
I hate when people tell you to text them then you do and they don't text back. Whats the point?
"Your geography and biography do not determine your destiny" Simon Bailey
#BuildDayMemories 90% girls and 10% dudes. In Sean's voice ( And that's fine) lol
Obama: Americans owe more in educational than credit card debt.
And a great day got even better. \m/ \m/ RT New Stone Sour album... is slated to be released October 2012.
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. - Earl of Beaconsfield
hey...are you going to get back to me?
Twitter poll: How long before starts denouncing everyone who tweets about Adam Yauch?
Going to another party tonight 😉 damn bro im on a fcknn roll lol
The Lion, the Witch and the Warsteiner
Did u see my last RT? thinks she's the VPs grandaughter
I swear 4 day weeks take FOREVER to complete
im so tired
If my Austin-to-JFK flight goes down, half the bands in Williamsburg are gonna be needing new bass players.
love this! it's going to be my new pitch, new advertising & marketing strategy :-)
haven't heard anyone condone threats. $ on trophy, etc. from IU grad in Lex. paper and you defend this ?
i'm literally such an idiot. WHY AM I SO DUMB WHY WHY WHY not gonna be able to sleep at all tonight.
Really hurt. But it was my fault.
these tweets about Cancer's make us look clingy and always depressed. wtf
Chamblin's is so amazing.
All I can say is wow.
Lol will do RT twitpic it
Not sure, but I say you try the agave nectar. Unless the agave experiment is a complete failure, it beats no mojito at all.
I have no idea..
Are those your lucky numbers on the fortune cookie?
that's really awesome its nice to know there r some really nice people out there :)
well that wasnt an easy one but ill take it. hang the L flag losers... won the series on the road..
I gave my 3 year old boy his very first peep today for Easter. He did not like the peep. I do not like peeps. Do you like peeps?
Now Following
It's only 5PM and we're already getting excited for #SMASH tonight. UMA!
you so welcome (: and what does that face mean?
It is truly magnificent how many affordances exist in the human form for cuddling babies.
SO DOWN!
yeah...especially when I could be having fun outside in the rain...instead of sitting in lecture all day -_-
Super excited for this! Gunna be an awesome day!
Indeed. And with a laptop you only have 1 thing that might run out of power.
yeah I will soon
“: Get off of Twitter and go stretch. #cheerstruggles” me right now
Dentist's drill sounds like a slide whistle. Should be funny. Hard to laugh when you leave his office with a tooth made of pie cream.
~wish you hosted CMT Insider all the time. not fond of you always bring that extra something to the show.
Share a of your delivery and we will give you $5.00 tonight.
Can't believe that the season finale of #WalkingDead is only 4 days away. It's going to be epic!
Don't forget motivation based on individual drivers, not assumed shared values.
Took you long enough :-)
it takes more than hitting an egg on target to be a father. happy day to those who have stepped up to the challenges of fatherhood
Yay I was to happy
Haha you make me melt! #SoHappy :)
Heading to grab a bite with shelley and kids before RPC rehearsal.
Sitting on my couch watching a little TV relaxing... I know... sounds exciting but I am loving it.
Hm what should I watch tonight?
Just wrapped up my meeting to launch my show on a new station #Clear Channel's #WLAC. Promo has been cut! Sundays, 10-11AM CST!
Travel Tip: DO NOT google how often a plane crashes before boarding.
Awww but then Katelyn would be alone while he's on tour AHG I CAN'T HANDLE THIS RIGHT NOW
Wheen your in her, you know I'm ON your heaad ;)
Aw i remember 's video for last year that i was in :) ahh memories<3
Good Morning
WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT ALL ABOUT
That's where Ellen is!
#RelationshipAre a commitment you have to make.
Happy weekend, everyone!
Thanks , I love you too!
i am going camping for a week and will not be on twitter....how sad....LOL...follow me and i will follow back.....!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I've seen you mention it several times that's why I questioned. Hope it holds. Been fun following you last few weeks.
B.A. might literally kill me. Seriously, I'll be propped up, dead, in class tomorrow like the law school version of "Weekend at Bernie's"
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Free 16 lb Bag of Charcoal with $25 purchase. The weather is cooperating so get grilling! (Riverwest)
Dc Assault workouts ....kids really worked hard !
EVERYONE, IF YOU LOVE SUBSCRIBE TO HIM ON KEEK! DO IT, YOU KNOW YOU WANNA...
#3WordsForYou Take many risks.
embrace it
Just created an animated logo. It had its challenges to make , and twitter does not support it anymore. Don't be surprised if it changes.
Thank you! :)
in balmy Barbados!
Do you have plans to celebrate #EarthDay this Sunday? We'd love to hear about them!
Such a classic!
#BAYMAM - I KNOW I'm in the right place. Marley has made such a difference in my business already and can't wait for more.
My campbells soup select harvest spot is up and running on network and cable. Very happy. Cheers to the new year!!!
morning , are you coming to #BabyBashBling on 5/19?
S.S. WEB catches wind tomorrow for our show this Fri with Everymen, Rickett Pass, and Mud Town as well as the rest of our March tour! Ya dig
#What foods are imprtant to our daily diets.
thanks for inviting me to talk about health w your youth! Loved interacting with them.
March 6th & a blistering pace for D3 candidates throughout Los Angeles. D3 good luck wishes to: I.G., E.M., R.L., C.R., J.R., J.V. & I.H.
Imperial Scotch Ale is going on tap at the brewpub today! Come on down and try some of the Scotch Ale's unruly older brother...
I love Jordan Benker because he wrote on my wall and told me happy birthday yesterday.
thanks so much!
It's a number. You're as young as your mind and heart.
How do you feel about hearing this right now?
A chess genius is a human being who focuses vast, little-understood mental gifts and labors on an ultimately trivial human enterprise.
Won another Step on UB, going to make a run for the WSOP this weekend before UB stops me from playing. 4 Steps to go!!
Fancy restraunt= Fancy napkins ❤💙💜
Hey looking forward to following what is happening at #ASTD2012 looks like several of our members are attending this year cool!
looking forward to doing business as well :)
Reasons I love DC: I am making paper flowers and watching japanese college students play Gershwin for free.
oh shit, you weren't kidding about 7 days / week.
you know the place kid what time you comin in?
How Deep Is Your Love!>>>>>>
Damn dog nearly took my arm off trying to get at some creature in the park. It was probably a squirrel.
We used to be like the exact same person. We knew the same people, the same jokes, and now it feels like it'll never be the same.
You pay then money and still have to watch ads, so I argue that it is bullshit.
if u ask, yes!
morning jane, happy thursday to you
EVERY ONE on my tl asked about Shut up & love me, & yet THEY DIDNT ANSWER D:
Yahoo welcome to the Twitterverse! :D You will be a Sysomos Influencer in no time!
Watch #Magiccity a new series on Starz with my student, Garrett Kruithof as ADA Stout. Shooting in #Miami. I am so proud!
Your purple shoes don't match your outfit.
Leland Exton Modesitt Jr.~ Rule three hundred of obscure leadership if its your idea you get to implement it.
I already have 488 entries into the 1D contest on kissclub, hoping I win, come on luck!
"i'm probably the nicest girl you'll ever meet............until you realize what a shitty fucking friend i am"
I'm the rule breaker!
Glad you enjoyed our tweets. Thanks for joining us in the adventure.
If Marcum isn't on tomorrow, he may do a Jerry Augustine circa 1982...
MUA Cosmetics: Party makeup bag essentials you&#39;ll need when ...
Enjoyable Adcraft Club radio day lunch. Clear Channel's Bob Pittman highly engaging presentation on radio as "companion."
“: i hope you were all happy with the series finale of #MIOBI. we loved creating it for you!”<---very happy with the ending!
Playing the T2 theme at the #Padres Opener!! Saaweet!
im gonna play #TurnToYou for my mom today<3
aww thanks goose! Believe me, I'm dying to be there! Unfortunately it looks like I'm gonna have to miss tomorrow too :/
Incredible!!! As would say, that is #beastESSmode ! :)
For the last three years, Warren Buffett has been more concerned with politics than his business. That is why he has underperformed the mkt.
