Really enjoying Some rad stuff.
Still have a couple of Lokos in the fridge chez les parents. Unless they drank 'em down, that is.
they should sell Kleenex next to it
"They've done studies, you know. 60% of the time it works, every time." -Anchorman
“: TEN DAYS” that's the countdown to Alabama Shakes/Jack White
aww thanks:) so are you!!!
Spending today in the digital darkroom getting all of my recent sessions wrapped up so I can prepare for this week. :)
If my body doesn't feel good with what they say, then always my body comes first
Old barn turned into B&B
By the base of this excellent the dragonfly of fiberglass of wild decorative birds pond for the birds adds touch to by your fanta :-)
Ditto! RT : Don't we all! "I need more Tiggers and less Eeyores." Moroney.
I'm a stockholder, & have lost over $40 p/s. RS article was accurate, despite your lame attempt @ pathetic GOP spin. @
Rude RT : Rude or Okay?: Should you be allowed to text while in a movie theater? My vote is: Rude.
new microphone setup all under control. Looking forward to the next step (new camera) in an equipment change up soon.
Most likely.
Great charge taken by rob Wilson. I hate charge calls, buy that was legit.
What is going on in the NBA when Marc Gasol makes you think if he's the 2nd/3rd best Center in the game?
theres one among us whose not what he claims to be
Okay you're perfect lets talk more <3
Girl in class today was wearing Finding Nemo scrubs.
if he can't be with Lou then Cher is the only other person he can date! :D
Challenge yourself, after getting home from school instead of sitting down at the TV go for a walk or bike ride.
Someone can text me
Following us? Incase you didn't know, we have a new twitter account. To continue getting updates from us follow
Congrats on your retirement and a very successful 11-year career in the WNBA. Will you be remaining in SA?
Isn't that what the Pledge of Allegiance is for?
We will look into this right away and get you an answer!
lol no we're going to museums and stuff
Watching our three-year-old dance along wirh Mary Poppins. Who needs cable?
I tweeted the link for the commercial. Check it.
thanks Melodee- you too. Hope you are doing great, lovely lady!
It's spring all around the world. I hope spring comes to America soon. Austerity is built on backs of poor, here also.
Little league base running
Thanks Ted! That was very kind of you!
Unfollowed yesterday, he ruins the watching experience RT : It is, follow
Meeting with my friend Will Allen on Friday. Growing Power in Colombia? Hm
I wonder what Jesse Camp is doing right this second
You make money just to spend it. 😠
thanks terri!
Volunteers needed to help tsunami survivors in Japan. Apply now at crashjapan.com
Your momma, she's a bitter bride. She'll never be satisfied.
Watching Half & Half , and CSI:Miami !
Let's get ready to rumble! Meeting the lovely at City Walk tonight. Huya!
LIVE NOW: w special guests & Join us at www.thisweekin.com/live
little bro went to the Children's hospital this morning :( Hope he gets better.
RT : #JustForToday messages/affirmations are daily reminders of what we can become even better at
Now that's science! “: The second White House science fair is today. I'm hoping for at least one poster board on Romney's AI.”
For some reason my fingers smell like Cookie Crisps... :C
i'm seriously so annoyed with like 50% of the people in my life.... tonight needs to be super good.
omg i feel like the whole of Miami is gonna be there
why u look like u got a mohawk in ur picture? lol
You have to start before you can succeed at anything.
In here beating azz in dominoes who want some Im giving them out all week
your hyperness was fine, it actually made me laugh! I got grossed out by the nuggets part tho, lol. Follow me? :)
Let me blow your mind.
Shout out to my 232nd follow # followmondays
Your life should be focused on achieving your goals. We spend too much time fooling around when we should be living.
": Here's to never giving up! ~ "I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." Thomas A. Edison"
Thanks for mentions & RTs! Appreciated!
"She sat at the window watching the evening invade the avenue." All those lovely vees. And her name has one too: Eveline.
Just watched great documentary on photographer Bill Cunningham. His passion for what he does is infectious!
If there ever was a franchise I WANTED it would be a Shane's.
goodnight darling, hope you had a great day!! love you <3
Its time to get serious folks. Summertime means live the life. Fun weekend planned
yes we do! fill me in on new discoveries!
hello ladies how are you both
Many thanks! That was fun to unravel.
This flick "The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" looks charming. I love flicks like that. My fave in that genre? Miss Petigrew Lives For Today.
Clear Brook's T.J. Johnson, Jason Campbell and Seth Etienne recently signed to play football at Mississippi College.
(Jean de la Bruyere) Those who make the worst use of their time are the first to complain of its brevity.
HAHA. I think I should be out already ugh
Ha!!! My source's source was off a bit!
Lee Grace Dougherty cries and apologizes in a Colorado court before sentenced to 24 years for her part in a shootout with her police.
So bored
srry I went shopping and i left me fone home
no sir. That was brown sugar butter
inspire while trying to create € seek words of wisdom in a world of hate !! Live for the future through the past in the present.
Confidence is the greatest key to beauty.
Great!!! so how is the preparation for baby shower going on ?
I teach Women's Studies, checking professional journals - what study are you citing?
Where will you be ten years from today? I will be at a red light on Main St. and 2nd.
"No one built this country on their own." ~ Barack!!!!
Would load #BeastieBoys on my iPod for my daily exercise run, but let's be real; #BeastieBoys were ALWAYS on my iPod.
Glad to hear! All is great- doing more & more with GTV, dance, fitness & image consulting =) LOVING Cupcake Chardonnay & Pinot Noir
please follow she is you biggest fan!41
- it "seems" not seem. Also, it's "millions" with a lower-case "m". This is why we need education reform.
Thanks for the link to Library Grits Daily.
they keep showing that F#$&ing Laettner shot as part of their commercial. Pisses UK fans off!
Heat and Pacers game tomorrow night with the boyfriend #soexcited 🏀❤
how r u? miss u haven't talked to u in a while
Nope. Didn't just watch a Snake, Rattle n' Roll speed-run on Youtube. Nope.
That fruit was delicious. And you know what? I'm full. I miss having readily available fruit that isn't a rotting home for flies. Lol
#SignsAPersonCantCook they have more frozen food in the freezer than FEMA has in their trucks
S.w.a.t at central
I had no idea you guys did sushi!! your poki is the bomb!
awehh thank u!(: If I do I'm gonna put all of u in my suite case and bring u with me<3
Cool so ill see you there! im helping back stage.
Two of my clients companies recently were acquired by larger (public) companies... Hope my design and incite had something to do with it!
Got a painless filling today -- thanks Delaware Dental.
2006 crown vic p71 for sale no mechanical problems what so ever, 160,000 miles, 3500 no low balls....firm price, not budgin
Life is pain, highness. Anyone who tells you differently is selling something.
Take her to the car bloop bloop, look like i'm speed racing..
Sorry to have missed what sounds like a great #PLA12, but super grateful takes good notes :-)
Wearing two hats #travel and #realestate tweeting about both from here
Very true... I'll be there next April. Plenty of time to train. Ha!
That spider I killed today bit me while I was sleeping last night. #fml They are my biggest fear.
Soldiers coming home from war in Iraq & Afganistan should stay in uniform 4 as long as they want to serve (cont)
#DanHeath #GrowCo 'The emotional system is the fuel for change'
This nigga at my house..
So guys I have a boyfriend now👫
De Longhi Pump Espresso
JUST INN>>> I WILL BE SINGING THE NATIONAL ANTHEM AT A ORIOLE'S GAME THIS SUMMER WILL HAVE THE DATE NEXT WEEK.. WOO HOO
Early wake up in London; going threw the city so in the afternoon I can fly till Times Square :) Xoxo 💗
Privatization means your tax dollars overpay a (mega corp) contractor, than the contractor overcharges you for shoddy service.
Magnum ice cream though?-.-
Wtf? Now I jump every time my ohone buzzes, hoping that it's you, and get dissapointed when it's not.
Dwan Bent-Twyford @ www.getrichradio.com will be signing On in just a minute! Listen now to have a chance in winning the $1000 CASH prize!
Im gettin A little Closer to gettin my Ipad HD
Welcome and Thanks for Following!
At the end of the day, it's about the people who are doing the work, not the work itself, that is of highest value.
And she gotta do her hair in under 2 hours at a salon??....good luck
yo im at your crib with penz where you at im bout to leave
:p my parents swear I need a job.
Baseball ... almost passed out
Sometimes the littlest things in life are the hardest to take. You can sit on a mountain more comfortably than on a tack.
But I talk mostly to guys. Only acouple of girl friends.
Wow, super chipper bus driver this morning!
chances are he DID roll his eyes
"I want to kiss you on the mouth and tell you...I'm your biggest fan"
OMFG please bring him out!
Two conferences in two days -- ready to rock this.
": You dude! You're what's up ;)" ha! Thanks bro
My U.S. History teacher just contrasted the actions of MLK and 'what happens in the school cafeteria sometimes'. lol heck,"#IaintEvenMad"
Visiting family for the holidays? Make your reservations with us now and SAVE on GREAT RATES!!
Project Overcoat begins January 7. Drop off new and used (good condition) coats and blankets to local Krogers stores.
nice to see you on here. :) How goes osci?
Oh oh oh! Happy Mothers Day to Gina & Dan Dan
BEAUTIFUL LOS ANGELES!!!!!
If I were a lion and yu were tuna, I would swim out into the mddle of the ocean and friggin eat yu! And then, I’d bang yur tuna girlfriend.
when are you going to get that twitter check mark?
Yahoo! Graduation tomorrow!
Got a new bike today! Just in time for next week.
no problem - than you for the eaves :)
We are closed for the weekend & will be open on Presidents Day Monday.
was it really you walking around the hard rock after the kiss concert last night?? I hope so!!
lmao it happened last week
: good stuff indeed. also done #amwriting for the night
what happened?
and be a dick to everyone
Going to the Amish country for mothers day. That's right! It's another meg episode. Am I Ohioan or what? Lol! Haven't gone in over 10 years~
TMZ News Alerts Junior Seau Dead -- Cops Suspect Suicide
Thanks man!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAD!
We are! Please look out for who will be representing! RT : Hey sending anyone to #PdF11 in NYC?
Whoever keeps stealing mine and everyone else's money and clothes in gym is going down. Hahaha jk but seriously stop. Thank you.
Congrats to Brandon Petro of Baden winner of this afternoon's "Hillbilly Jeopardy" contest #Pittsburgh for tix
Humor is reason gone mad. Groucho Marx
...not my day. I hope you are having a good day. :)
Linebrink is a guy I usually shit on after his brutal finish to last year but he got out of a jam (well, Casilla is a joke but...)
Is now watching The Hills Have Thighs!
Starting our weekly Twitter giveaways today!!! Stay tuned for how to win a FREE TAN in any level at 123 W Madison
TWEET TWEET TWEET BIRD CALL BAYBEE!!! GOOD MORNING TO YA FOLKS HAVE A GREAT DAY AND STAY BLESSED!!!
The TCU Head Coaching Job: The 2012 Offseason's Circle of "WHAT?"
come up to Philly for it
Damn I miss Greg in GB! : I just have a lot of faith in you but yes RT : that's why you are a reporter not a GM Bedard
yaaay! Im such a loner right now everyone else = on the other side of the room, me = in a corner reading 
om talk about kenny day lol fuck you guys
Recorder will be performing live at the Opolis - Friday August 20th...Also on the bill Chrome Pony, Crystal Vision & Dj Rkylie
It does. I have some meds, not working v well. Thinking about trying 2 see a neuro as well. We have 2 take care of ourselves 2.
I believe that how you feel is very important to how you look - that healthy equals beautiful
HERE WE COME.......LETS DANCE IN NEW ORLEANS!!!!
unknown isn't on my couch either. Crap.
You know the guy's the real deal when he gives you butterflies when he says "hi"<3
Farewell, Mr. Pistol <---dead link
that's a very funny movie :) always makes me laugh :)
Pay attention to the word lol
AHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAH U FUCKIN MAD BRO? CAPSLOCK CAUSE IM AWESOME
Ambition is the last refuge of the failure. -Oscar Wilde
no that's why I asked you lol
RT Ya'll Ever noticed its the broke muthafuckas who always profess to be About their money
i miss george carlin. we should bring him back to life, he'd probably get a kick outta galvanization
Is there a girl that exists that doesn't claim to be "the clumsiest girl alive"?
All I am sayin is the TV CREW and specifically ABC BLOWS for these Finals. You'd think Miami was winning in blowouts by listening! A Joke!
#weirdfactsaboutme im fluent in 3 languages:)
why is it taking so long
Good day, matt!
Congrats on the great news, enjoy your work!
hahaha, how we looking now ?
It's a tricky balance between too little and too much....
Customers must book a Tickets & Room as a package for the Janet Jackson concert @ Caesar's we service many hotels on the Vegas strip
you are really awesome!:]
kissing booth.
so sad #desperateHousewives is over :((
Tip #101: The best betting line is usually bet, check, bet...especially in position.
well, semester is almost over. Might have to wait til fall.
yess that was me ! You shoulda stopped ! We beat prep !
Roses are red. Violets are blue. I hate people~
Currently at Healthy Coffee corporate office in Yorba Linda CA for vending machine training by Rick Aguiluz.
shampoo/conditioner/body wash/foggle/slide..oh and lotion!!
Happy Mother's Day!!
it's the perfect opportunity to wear the #Sabres jersey. Tell them you wanted to wear blue b/c you don't have a uniform yet ;)
Oh my gosh, thanks for the reminder! I'd totally forgotten.
We do?
Too early in the morning for bs. Like really ???
I'll try anything once, and I've already tried that and I don't like it.
thank you,I remember you dear :)*
not gonna make it today :(
totes. You should be on that show about memorizing lyrics!!
#metgala is tonight!!!!! prepared to drool over everyone's AMAZING dresses.
Still having some issues with the machine that runs our web server. Actively working on it.
I know I asked for the full Pac NW experience, but it's been raining for 24 hours. I checked the box, Im good. Let's move on Mother Nature.
...to go with 20-3 NFL ATS playoff record, 57%+ NFL regular season, 10-2 MLB Playoffs and 61% all-time college basketball postseason...
- most will give feedback no matter the approach. Your right ..a pleasant experience for both sides will always be remembered
All these trades have made me come outta the fridge, hows #packernation hanging?
Reading a very funny script. I love it when work is funny!!!
Good luck to everyone in the #teenhootcontest #maytheoutcomebeinyourhands;) goodluck
well going to do the dishes AGAIN!! TTYL twitter :-(
Beautiful sunset tonight after a day of bonkers crazy weather. You're nothing if not entertaining, #Seattle!
I know that's the truth. A friend of mine just kept bitching and was surprised when it started a flame war. :D
... to make sustainability a part of their lives and their experience in the city." -- Mayor Emanuel
so true!!
46 more days until I'm flying to Phoenix. :) avszgxdhfjuefbchjdk 49 until #BoyzHitPhoenix again.
I heard you sleep with a night light... Lmfao
is that where the 50 shades readership is? I know that's not "traditional" rom, but rom is many things
Ready for a long day of hockey!
Right?! RT : The Lakers vs. the Team That Took the Sonics out of Seattle. I can't think of a more repulsive matchup.
Day 3 of Level 3 I am actually feeling great...had a bug and think you kicked my ass and the bug out of me. Thanks!
This convo is classic
Thanks , we appreciate the shout-out!
Happy birthday 2 u happy birthday to u happy birthday 2happy birthday dear justin have a awesome birthday u deserve luv u
I showed up an hour late with dilated pupils & blood shoot red eyes, smelled like a rotten apple! Had a crazy midnight rally!
i feel god.
#2011RemindedMe all that I forgot
hrm yeah, what's up? and hello to you both xoxo
Great job though by Bo Ryan & staff, #badgers to continue the 4th or better streak. Role players (Gasser, Wilson) stepping up at right time.
wasn't me. But don't waste your time with that awful movie.
just left the detroit area! now working on out in the sf bay area. will b back and i will drop in! new web store will be up soon!
Who's going to the paradise fears show june 2nd? THIS GIRL
Perfect Sat! Listening to Frank, grilling and spending the night with the best people!
So just closing my eyes and jabbing with my finger is not suggested?
Eating some delicious pupusas!
Righteous. RT : My brother is going to grow up to be Sheldon from Big Bang. Guaranteed.
too many memories!!!!(:
Bosco Verticale is fantastic.I hope it works. The green space growing on top of San Fran's Nat Hist Museum is doing fine.
TMZ is a pretty cool show, to get update on the stars....
RT : Just followed advice. Sketched 100 things to come up with one thing. Great plan!
Haha, funny because I have never gone 0-2. Let's #gotoschool to #learnmath before we play videogames, shall we? Also, 1v1?
And now that your rose is in bloom, a light hits the gloom on the gray. Now that your rose is in bloom, a light hits the gloom on the gray.
I Love You<3
You want what yu cant have . Oh girl thatz too damnn bad ;)
Thanks, Joy!
Hello. RT : Well good evening, Mr. Wickett."
lol does that smiley face have a twitch ? (;, &CARmel
the reason why he is being attacked is because he had the pieces there and traded them away to be cheap and save money
Some good movies are coming out like men in black, G.I joe and batman rises and it all starts this Friday with the avengers!
what up
thts so cute they make a great couple, do u think liam or louis are gonna propose anytime soon?
How is it possible for men to sleep so much?
Have you ever seen someone on a walker boogie? Well, tonight's your lucky night! 👵💃
So let's go ahead and open pandora's box: what do you want out of next year's twitter feed?
#FridayReads reading the galley of Have You Seen Marie? by the amazing Sandra Cisneros! Published by the equally amazing
just saw last nights episode-WOW, can't wait til next week. My FAV show by far!
If you don't fight for what you want don't cry for what you lose .
Holiday Fair Coast Restaurant 12/4, 12 - 3. Benefits Jefferson County Food Pantry! Bring friends/family. Holiday shopping in style!
I'm a published poet today! Actually, my alter-ego who is named "Justin Guittard". The editors caught the mistake after printing. Oh well.
Lakers won so that meens 1 hell of a goodnight for me!
#LOVE creates #Leaders. #FEAR creates #Followers. -LM
You were so much my favorite on TC. Have let us know we're in Chicago do we can come down for some good WI girl cooking. GO PACK!!!
I'ma txt somebody.... 0.0
The #TeaParty wants women back in the kitchen, gays back in the closet and blacks back in the field.
Thnksgiving was a time 2 __?Thnksgving was a time to c family that we only see once a year n then remember way we only see them once a year!
It's gorgeous out
Starting tomorrow, our 2 new flavors? WILD STRAWBERRY (no sugar added) and PEANUT BUTTER. There are delicious possibilities here, people.
I think I need a new challenge...
I am drunk and I love your tweets. sober too
for following!
I won't be tomorrow!
It actually makes me angry to see the Blazers watch Dallas get offensive rebounds over and over again.
I just love you so much
Funny. RT Dear Internet: if you publish a story about effective uses of Twitter, please add a button to share on Twitter.
With my sunglasses on I'm Jack Nicholson. Without them I'm fat and 60. ~ Jack Nicholson
follow back? C;
- I don't know any well informed women who vote GOP, do you? They're misinformed (to put it kindly).
&uarr; Protect Your Kids
Congratulations jerrod Calhoun!! Great guy, great move! Im sure is proud!!
Thank God for DNA testing.
Tim Curry is the greatest!!!!!!
I think Oprah should be the President of America. She obviously knows how to make money n she gives out gifts.
Ugh, that's the worst. Sorry. RT : I'm getting trolled.
. There's no need to eradicate an imaginary god, but we do try to limit the damage done by believers to our societies.
U can't make people understand where I'm coming from and where I'm going..so I'm stop trying #F@#k you
On the hunt for a tiny toy apricot female poodle puppy! Oh, and with a pink nose!!! Can my daughter get any more detail specific?!
smoke like a junkie and fuck like a nympho
John Waters to host screening of Wizard of Oz here in Chicago at the Music Box! Should be a splendid event - tickets go on sale tom @ 12
You are the architect of your own destiny.
"The Force" is weird. How can a Jedi detect a planet being destroyed light years away but can’t tell he is kissing his own sister?
that's not the reason at all. Banks like #WellsFargo are sitting on piles of cash, they could hire if they want to
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy (2011), on film
Cheers to the freakin weekend!
But thinking is overrated. I recommend not thinking. There are many things that can help you in the pursuit of not thinking.
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!56
A newborn's body found in a #Salem home's backyard - hard to imagine that story. #BrentWeisberg with the latest next
follow back please? :) you're pretty.
The kid in front of me in study hall must hate me, I end up kicking him/his chair at least once pretty much every day.
40year old virgin. That's gonna be me bcuz every time I get close with anyone I get too scared
Hey! We're playing a show at on Tuesday, 9/20. Swing by, won't you?
The name of the game is quantifiable and measurable, people.
I mean I'm down like a hooker on a Friday night ;)
Im so happy im independed
will you be in DC or LA soon? Would be great to interview you! Best wishes!
UW defense dominated the 1st half of the Spring Game. Clearly, the injuries on the O-line are taking their toll.
The only abnormality is the incapacity to love. Anais Nin
So do I tell a co-worker that he needs to shower because he smells up the entire office or not? The polls are open.
lmfaoo, that's so true. xD
Just went to Ritas!
first time i got out of bed at all today xD
Learn from struggles instead of letting them cripple you.
About to break bread with new partners! That's the business.
Nuff respect for heavy d his was great and he represented for us big people and overweight lovers
Monthly Organizational meeting is off the chain! 12 folks, 3new faces... Big summer plans :-)
Life is a highway! I wanna ride it all night long!
yes packers thank god Clay Matthews you were making me all nervous!
Mothers are always right! Ppl change..
what career field do you want to choose? How many children do you have? You can take classes on line now from home.
I really want to see the dictator.
Finna sleep for a lil bit
No longer getting Twitter jacked
watch the company you keep not everyone wants whats best for you
Spurs are gunna take a championship home this year ! <3 i can feel it ! #SPURS!
Tia Mowry & Pooch Hall leave The Game, do they have a strong enough fan base to still be successful without their two main characters?
I always get what I want, but sometimes I have to be very patient for it...
There is no writing. Only re-writing.
Rip Brittany Murphy
Oh hm.
Do any of my 8 loving roommates want to give me a massage tonight? :)
will do(:
hahaha I know its
your right!
damn straight. Come up to the track & get some new ones!
lol well enjoy it
christmas gift??
That is great!! Good to see you online! I hope you are having a great weekend!
Gettin it in!!!
“: Where do you want to see Sconnie Beer on tap?” #barHagemeier is a good place to start!
It is times like this that I bet my neighbors wish I didn't have blinds!
Audrey is so dumb. Forreal.
Im finna call these people and tell on
Celebrity Winner: Ciara Sotto and The Far East Acrobat.Congrats.
#Golf #Joke 80 year old Scotsman Claims Golf is the Secret to a Long-Long #Life! Read the full #Story now @ www.ICUGolfStories.com
Is it because they're older? Or are you trying to teach about correlation vs. causation?
A couple music meetings today and the filming for my music video is almost DONE!!!!
Your divide & conquer statement referred to standing up 4 taxpayers? How does dividing a state help anyone?
oh there are so many! Probably and tweepi
Last time around the toffee fan message boards were crushing and US soccer. Now they are celebrating
Captain Serious? Seriously Clutch.
cursed. I want to gut Lebron that half a fag. Hope his mom has hpv from delonte west. That shit is there to stay.
ya I'm pretty sure it is - glad to see her back in the socialite scene!
i ain't gonna be out my crib yet till the last day of school
City of God is not a black film, perhaps a film about violence in Rio's favelas that features blacks as those who live in the favelas.
has taught me to #believe in my dreams. one of my dreams is for him to follow me! #neversaynever :)
Time is relative but it isn't relevant. If time were an animal, it wouldn't be an elephant.
Q15 Crunch while watching The Biggest Loser. Take the stairs rather than the elevator!!
RT : RT : "100 small rewards better than 1 big reward". Give learners lots of cookies
Haha well played... I am seriously considering trying this out
Phone line dead. Phone line died.
youtube: rob colwill. Most acoustic based music
LIVE LOUD.
Happy dance! 
Nothing really!
work is gonna be insane today -_-
Scramble the jets!
Much needed run with a good friend. Work looms but life demands balance.
We "Initially believed" our trading was sound. But lost 2 BILLION because of "riskier, more volatile and less effective" decisions
Ended up going to the for the press conference and stayed for WESTSIDE STORY
S/o to all of my peers making progress
Chocolate covered strawberries.. Yumm. Thanks roomie!
Breaking Dawn by Stephenie Meyer: Girl Becomes Vampire...☠
I'm getting back in the swing of things after an amazing weekend up in Boone celebrating 40 years of ...it was so much fun
lol damn you two are on a roll tonite! Keep it up! ;)
If you're attending #CSM2012, visit us at USC booth 544, our Alumni & Friends Reception, and faculty presentations & posters: pt.usc.edu/csm
Well ribs aren't the best idea to eat in a professional office lol
RT : Who's ready for the next music film after #crashcourse!? Directed by , Starring again!? http:// ...
Hey Wynn hotel, with your fancy marble tiles and like mirrors everywhere, how 'bout some free WIFI you cheap douche!
I bet bumping into your bestfriend would be better... Lol RT : Bumping into an old friend made my day
Trying to read an ebook in Firefox and it's maddening. Why can't I read this on my Kindle? Please disappear web-only "ebooks," soon.
thanks mom. :)
WOah i haven't been on in forever!! I miss you twitter! ;)
This all sounds fair to me. Really though, no pressure. There's always next year, right?
The sexy blonde chick says "hi"
And by the way, you should read my book Part Wild. Then you'll see just how crazy I am.
Guitar Hero
come to chicago!
thank you! Going to post office is my LEAST favorite errand. Hands down. Hate it.
tell me!
I so love it when I walk right in my apt building and all of the sudden I'm dying to pee and I'm not even in my apt.
Your sessions were great. Travel safe!
reveals it's first iPhone app! Track your fav players, scores, news, tourn schedules, YouTube videos and MORE! Free at the app store!
Don't get me wrong. I love loud music in the car but now I have a massive headache. Oh well. It feels good out so I'll gladly suffer.
For you have need of endurance, so that when you have done the will of God, you may receive what was promised. [Hebrews 10:36
yeah like always. They know that most of us will change the channel after he performs so they put him last.
this is the story of a girl who cried a river and drown the whole world🎶
it is too damn hot to be at this soccer game ! D:
Texas Battle League Freestyle Battle/Show in Austin on June 24, 2011 featuring Mr. Smith, Big Ke, and Dat Nigga Trigg!!!
Got beats for days for you! Hev talk to you yet?
No prob. Let's plan to get together soon as well! Maybe meet at Sweetgreen on purpose this time : )
Uggggghhhhhhh. Breaks my heart.
Also...just created a class twitter account during last week's awesomeness w/ the nobel summit & our all frosh model UN.
Yeah. We do regular sunglasses and prescription glasses. I run a store for an Optometrist in palos verdes
Sax, With Kyle ... Live right now ... Http://sax.sprnetwork.com ... 8 minutes of great sax
When I find a song I like I'll play it a thousand times on repeat till it gets old.
Improv Assylum in Bostin! Wish i was also going to
Our #SOT community project to raise awareness of the effects of combat #PTSD on families and children is nearly ready to go.
We help you send a #text message to hundreds or thousands of customers at one time with a specific offer, promotion, discount or message.
Have a few minutes before the first session of the day so I'm browsing looking at CW photos of Richmond
we create custom twitter backgrounds 4 some of the Yankees. Would love to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM us if U want one
ABDC RE RUNS ARE ON, IM WATCHING YOU GUYS AGAIN WE NEED TO TREND #ICONICABDCMEMORIES :)
Thx! The way I look at it, we're moving with sweet memories to this city's name. So it's only going to bring us back some day :).
Football is back! Come watch preseason football in the bar!
“: The average American drinks over 25 gallons of beer every year!" hah, lightweights
Once again the Heat F'n things up! 😁
thanks for the follow!:)
5 && why don't you follow me :/
i fancy Adam Levine. m
French Exam this PM ! But denstist before --'
oh I'm sorry I am in oregon
yes very tired
I know, great right! Seriously though, nobody knows how to spell "Yuengling", it's just a complicated name.
Goin 90 on highway 66 because we woke up late
Happy one year of being girlfriends to me and !(:<3 freaking love that girl but she's lame for not being in town right now.
Veuve Clicquot & seafood done..I'm nice & tired bout to beauty rest for tomm nite @ ibeza.
I survived speaking in public today.....That's relieved some stress! Now this weather makes me want to do absolutely nothing....
I Need 10 More Followers To Reach 500!(:
The real stock market crash is coming, are you ready?
Tweeting from 23,000 feet on my way to Indianapolis via Atlanta. These are amazing times we live in!
I don’t believe in luck, but… things could be going a lot better for me...
The Lakers are getting shat on
If you believe in yourself you don't care what other people think about you.
Yo Gang, this is what we're up against: said by a guest on a Des Moines conservative radio show, "I would vote 4 Charles Manson B4 Obama."
Everyone loves a game 7.
holy shit. That sucks :-(
wow, bloody twitter. I had clicked follow already and it didn't work. but forsure I'm following you now c:
He always got sumn to say
I'm actually listening to Le Tombeau de Couperin, Fugue and sipping on Bud Light, but 's multiplying significations are cooler.
How was it?! RT : I'm at #swmiami wish you were here too!
God I miss Dick. Dick was just so good. I don't know if I can live without Dick. I mean, I grew up on Dick. R.I.P buddy.
remember when UTSA all-girl won NCA?
Rehearsal w/ Crack!!! Playing Thursday at King Plow!
The Brazilian butt lift= most amazing workouts 😁
In due time a person will show their inner self.
I'm always able to say the right things at the right times... :D
i miss you too! i was just reading francesca lia block the other day and thought of you, lol
Back at ya <3
Up by 4!!! That is what I am talking about UCONN!!! Go Huskies!!!
To follow the Las Vegas Race for the Cure on Saturday, use #Race4Cure and also be sure to send pix to
I always hear sirens after 10 tho.
Which location did you go to?
wahh today already sucks :\
interviewing a prospective student worker today. fun fun.
Come on bucks, let's get it together. We don't need more blooper reel highlights
Love this & love perfume ": "A woman's perfume tells more about her than her handwriting. " ― Christian Dior"
anytime Jade!!! I know you got a great head on your shoulders!!! God gives you as much as you handle!!! One step at a time :))))
belly JUST fell asleep for her nap...looks like its gonna be a long night lol
It's hard to believe the past sometimes. Trying to convince yourself that didn't happen.
Lots of pre-ACL activity in ! Lots of ppl &equipment moving around. Also folks walk-/running along roadway
Great job B-Dawgs!!!!
I'm always open for collabs whenever u ready let me know
c; ooh yes I member RT : all the time we make each other days with our randomness c'=
#SEM10 George Lipsitz speaks tomorrow for Seeger lecture. Very excited. You probably don't remember me, but ... your ideas are cool.
the only team with the best record that will win the title is the packers
Finally finished my project for the International Committee of the Red Cross!
Beach Party next month Details coming soon!!
I'm loving Jemele Hill with the wolverines tee on Jim Rome...the laid back look, and she's still hot.
Thanks a lot on data science, still an emerging field. Glad that 2012 is named as the year of Semantic Web by
My goal is to meet before she leaves Boca. I'm gonna make it happen!
Happy Birthday!!! My twins' was Thursday so I always remember ur right after. Can u believe they're 12 now?! Time flies...:)
Doctors have a duty to say no when saying yes does more harm than good.
have brooklyn call me!!!!
you guys ready?! GTS #4 I say that I hate a song, then you go request it the whole night long
Just registered and booked the hotel for the wife and I for Netroots 2012!
Go get laid & stfu
Time for #Truckeroo!! Who else is going?
done! Free hemming. Used gift card.
great last name ;) Go Rockies!!!
Walking along the Las Vegas Strip like a tourist is still fun :-)
So happy to be followed by ! Cheers!
That is too funny Kelly!
that goal was nuts. penalty kicks. lets get it.
SOUTH FLORIDA SOUTH FLORIDA. GO BULLS!
#RVA #easypass $1 fee? Let's give it up and innundate VDOT with coins. Don't care that other states do it, use your vote & coins to say NO
I hope the City of Chicago gets its ass sued off for the new ward map. Assholes.
The first cases of AIDS were reported June 5, 1981. As we mark #30years, we think back 2 those lost & the amazing wk done in HIV nutrition.
hey boo
dont talk trash about people just cause your not happy with yourslef doesnt mean you have to make fun of everyone you see including me
I feel like shit...
You know the world's in trouble when 'Kenny Cooper' is trending worldwide.
Got something new? That'll be 2 years and $2mil. Improving something? That'll be a couple hundred K and 6 months.
Hey Sam, next time you are in Florida come play in Orlando!
A much needed date night with the hubs. Aught sweet adult time.
#BeliebersDeserveRespect respect isn't deserved, it's earned.
I just dm u my #
Bingo. Exactly why an informed populace is severely dangerous to incumbents in a place like this.
ok ill say this and say it one time, i think the #NFL should help pay medical costs to past players, but they shouldnt have to pay all!
Anglo girl moves to Southwest after father is murdered, makes friends w/Latino boy. He's a bit exoticized but it's well done +
Hope Kelly Clarkson performs with James Lipton, Andrew Zimmern and Chris Berman.
Thanks guys! Heading out now for a SLOW run.
Well, not ALL the way. You do root for the Yankees. ;)
I think so. We might have met once or twice
Routine is one my worst fears ... I feed of a new challenge, a new city, a new point of view - I'm so ready to make the big move #L.A2012!
well there we go :)) sounds good!!!
dont 4get to nominate any heroes u met on the road! air tix 4 u and a 10K trip for your hero
That girl is my heart like foreal <3
So bummed I have to work today -- the #ATOC is going to be riding 2 blocks away from my apartment in just a few minutes.
text me! U got my #
Final prep for Rose Bowl Social Media presentation at today's #UWSocial meeting. Looking forward to some good feedback on our efforts.
Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event.
Listening to BandBaajaBaraat, feel like dancing in subway :d
If you like XiaoLongBao (soup dumplings) you MUST go eat at DinTaiFang over in XinTianDi area. They are world famous.
Darn. And here I thought you were coming to town. :) It's OK.
Leadership is action, not position. - D.H. McGannon
Watching Soul Surfer. Not liking it yet......
We hit 400 followers today! It's a good start! Be sure to tell your friends to follow us for all the best shows!
Wait, what?
Very true! :D
Where are our #oscars ninjas at?! Has your favorite won?
Most of the people my age in wayne county are going nowhere
Flew solo for the first time today with the kiddos. And it went well! They did their work and listened to me! I. Am. Awesome.
answer your phone! =P
Pretty proud of myself. Climbed a tree with no branches, that was slanted over a small cliff.
we're making all the same mistakes
Lol thanks boo! Im going to pray on it! RT : u should do radio! Ur hilarious :))
Love early morning Saturdays. The day seems to last forever. What's better than that???
Omg! That #ArmyWives preview!!!
Well at least there's that, I guess. Jeez, they really make you work to find it, too. Utterly stoopid and pointless.
In the laboratory, cooking up something fresh...
RT Total count for #Huguely jury selection Day1: 21people have been cut - 19 retained from the 40 questioned today.
If today doesn't work, when will you be downtown next? I'll DM my phone number if that's easier, feel free to call or text.
OH!!?? Where in OR??? I climbed Mt. Hood and stayed w/family in Hood River. Loved every waking min. while there!
what would I do without your witty tweets??
I heart american horror story
What truly makes you happy? I can't seem to answer it myself...
did you read the update details?
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools.Can we skype? Mail one of the seven fantastic tools
who wants to buy like 50 pies and have a pie fight somewhere?
is parked about 5 blocks (Pratt & Commerce) from the Convention Center. Head over for lunch,
New Show Casting 'Sing If You Can'. Auditions happening in Los Angeles. Limited time. email
Thx for the re-tweet. How are things down under?
hey man good luck to u and the fallen angel. I love it when you both are in the ring together. It's always a great match.
I have two different, unrelated ones that are looking powder-keggy, and I'm hoping people's keyboard batteries die or something.
Petal, it hpns every 10-15 yrs. It's a pain, but it's better than not having the right to strike? I think. Maybe not. Hm.
would you like to play in the NFL?
Yeah. The Online Search connections for PubMed and CrossRef will let you do that.
hey 🚺! Um let's hang Friday, k?
Toronto Star and The Globe and Mail Form Joint Distribution Partnership in Ontario
SAVE THE PLANET, DRINK ORGANIC! Taste (and tweet about) organic craft beers with us and ! Tuesday 4/10 8-9p EST
Goin' For A Run !
are you picking a fight? haha
We're coming out with a "Lite" version in the next couple weeks. Stay tuned!
This humorous line of t-shirts takes the every day annoyances of life and gives
I went to church now wat else is there to do on a Sunday
I didn't know he lived in Oregon
Just watched The Orphan...that was one chilling performance by Isabelle Fuhrman... Now its nap time :)
Always important to tell your therapist how you are feeling and if there are areas of pain
Finally, the public beta version of SlateBox is up with a full API. The grand opening will be on 7/10.
"We're asian friendly in here!" courtesy of
One of my kids always got in the laundry basket after my wife emptied the dryer. Picture still makes me smile 25 years later.
I'm glad you liked the post, and thanks for adding the tip!
Yeah, obviously a very small sample, but he's not exactly a wizard at keeping the ball down.
Ugh, tempting. Maybe I'll go later 😊
Saying my goodbyes on the train. Weird that you can be so sad after knowing people for only a week.
Don't forget we are available for takeout, so your family will love you more: 705-5030
If I could only predict elections like I do March Madness.
George Zimmerman charged with second degree murder of Trayvon Martin.
please follow me. <3
Hoping you would have time to join us on tomorrow or Wed. DM me plz.
Appreciate it, guys...can never be easy following Tyson, so just tried to be more animated than Leif.
let me guess raise the price of tickets but let the illegal immigrants slide Right
I support everyone, I speak to everyone, Im not stuck up, Im very friendly, but somehow thats a bad thing smh
thank you man
Nashville soul choir performs tomorrow Nov 19th Centennial park 10 am!!
you guys are pissing me off and Bailey wont follow me, so im going to bed. AT NINE. i hope y'all are happy.
Shouldn't be a problem. Submit the support form and we'll check out what's happening.
you're my life. i think and dream about u everyday, even if ur fictional, lol
#GameChangeBaltimore: What a movie! #GameChange was great! Did anyone notice the few #Baltimore scenes?
yeahh that'd be good. That way you know how much you would need to save to get it(:
I know what you mean. I would not be here but I found a gift card.
Consumer preference has spoken: e-readers that can be read comfortably in all kinds of lighting conditions!
"Interesting" is the new sentence filler, replacing "Um..." and "Like..." Class discussions can be so painful sometimes.
What do you know about "Digital Empowerment"? bit.ly/9pVIUK
I swear to Dewey if this guy doesn't show up I will cut a bitch. Waiting for 2 hours sucks! If I lived in a real town...
Any good diet plan ?
idk feel like I got a stomach virus or something
Shower time !!!!!! Nevermind bump dat I want a bubble bath in the jacuzzi tub tonight...them termites got me feeling yuckie yuckie
dug it! Pat knows his stuff and can articulate it like hardcore. Question: you guys use a two camera setup?
I've read a lot lately about how it's not necessary to stretch before working out.. what are your thoughts on the matter?
I need to charge my phone again im glad i charged it bfor i left yesturday
i wish i was a cartoon...
looks like I'll be doing some dancing soon....
Ha. Great shot.
have a awesome day!:)
Having translated 3 of several hundred pages from .cfm to .php, I am about ready to call it a day of glorious accomplishment.
keep in mind I was lovingly called the sign nazi by my colleagues...
The most American thing I've ever seen is Wipeout playing in a McDonalds lobby #merica,fuckyeah
Well I missed my 3000th by 3 but oh we'll this one goes out to the class of 2012 love you all #goodlucknextyear 😁
OMVG!!! Greyson thats sad..but ur right they will be okay ;) haha i love you so much...u just made my day Thanks :) <3
You are most welcome! Hope you enjoy Theo as much as we do! :)
Thank you, Amanda E Baker, Daniel Cononico and everyone at theSalon @ Creekside for hosting The Art Plant jewelry and photography show!
I like it when your dentist is hot and her tit is brushing against your head as she does the dentist stuff
Many thanks Groove Thief!
where the fuck are my friends, like seriously, ugh, July 18th is too far away !
hit up Nashville...
Don't be unequally yolked. If you are dating someone who doesn't have a personal relationship with #Christ, you are playing with fire.
Where would be a good place to put a supermarket or farmers market in Broadway area?
Best part of my day.. Seeing and pop in at my work :) I love seeing my samboo 🌸💚
Evans and that shit is getting funny these people running around scared and idgaf
should I refer you back to your tweet 2 days ago about not getting your hopes up??
RT We have updated our race date to May 19th, 2012! Excited about our new partnership with Zulu Racing for chip timing.
I'd hate to be at your house right now, I can't stop coughing.
Waiting for my food
Shit is extra real from here on out
Zuckerberg saying that he's going to announce something "Life Changing" is dumb. Talk about building hype that you can't match.
Tuned into
Day by day, moment by moment...my motto this week. Through Christ, all things. Through friends, encouragement. Through love, hope.
TRANSLATION: We hope nobody points out that #iagov has been "touring" Iowa non-stop since his election.
the answer is always yes... gotta love steely dan!
Final 189-135. Naptowm wins. Great effort by our girls in gold!
well i was theree. p.s. what happened to
:) love that she is looking out for you!
Pinterest has experienced explosive growth.
no problem, i'm adrianna (better ada). ;) yea, what do u think?
you kickin knowledge this morning. Ya'll follow my dude Veezy of ... #sessionsMagazine He's doing big things!
OH! Can you send me your spreadsheet? I'm interested in your metrics :-)
I want Christian Louboutin ballet slippers
Thank you very much! :-) RT : hope the new job is going great for you! And nice avi very handsome
It's funny how people can talk abt you bhind your back but not to your face 
let's try Sunday
in your article about the womens soccer team its Abby Wambach....
maybe. If I get close again. And if my phone doesn't doe
I HATE AUTOCORRECT SOMETIMES!!! But then again it could be useful when I don't know how to spell something.
First night of indoor Boot Camp was a success! The floor was AWESOME! Things are going to grow out of control!
Trade Igoudala, amnesty Brand, Let Lou and Hawes walk would be a start. Sell your first born for a star!
Never could stand 'Send In The Clowns' but Catherine Zeta-Jones of all people just changed that via #ALittleNightMusic '10 revival
Thats cool did ya'll win?
Guns don't kill people--hoodies kill people.
at last years major in wisconsin, lefty signed autographs for an hour and a half. Rory ignored all fans. Not likable, just a punk.
Have a tasty Tuesday tea lovers :)
just another ny elite: living in my highrise and riding the subway
43 degrees in #nwi this afternoon.
just heard on that a human head was found in the Hollywood Hills - hopin' it's not Danny Trejo on a tortoise
i really need to chill wit the laker insults ..lmaoo.
& any other time RT : Shame on so-called Muslims who've murdered 100s in terror attacks in Pakistan in the midst of Ramadan
Watch me tonight at 8pm on #lifetime's world premier of Playdate.
What happened to her? Weird..
if i make $200 a day it will total $73,000 for the year. I need that kind of dough! I;ve got to figure out a way to be Successful and Rich!!
#packers defense is way too undisciplined. The presnap movement is hurting them more than confusing the off. Guys out of position at snap.
Our phones fall, we panic. Our friends fall, we laugh.
Same here its better if we leave in the new year na what i mean :)
Teresa magnum discussed Iowa's new push for digital public humanities.
Done setting up TEMA's twitter pages.
Congrats to Denver and Tim Tebow! Not since OJ Simpson have people been so captivated by a white Bronco. (from )
Don't fall in love. She's a beauty. She is one in a million girls. Love the Tubes. An oldie but a goodie
Breakfast!!! I need breakfast before I snap!!!
Agree. Esp when packaging is such huge cost/barrier to branding, development, new product rollout, etc.
BK email still down! Use to reach me. We especially want you to reach me if you are a litigation paralegal looking fo…
"Swim for the music that saves you, when you're not so sure you'll survive." Jack's Mannequin
Keep your heads up to the skies
Thanks to the Giants and Patriots for a great game! Now I don't even hate Brady and Belichick anymore!
We are crowdsourcing a microfinance round to connect people trying to increase the biodiversity of their social network.
Followup tweets of victory: printing 300 menus for House of Blues, jamming a complimentary "Yo, Mami" mixtape from Ms. Gracie Chavez!
New website up and running at: www.amandafugatemoss.com
Tell me you have a show while you're in town. Please.
The flow of illegal entrants across southern border actually has been declining in recent years/ two reasons check out alsarizona.com blog
sounds so good right now!
On Computers: Giving advice on tablets a risky business
I agree
Good morning thanks for the followback. Make today your day!!
I wonder how many guys got hit with the question: So what are your short term goals?
": That works out great...for you."SO NO CONTEST HUH.?
guess i better watch my subtitles (I don't often change them when repinning)
LOVED your write up and photos, Lauren. Thanks again for coming out! Feel free to come back for the ribs anytime ;)
Everything happens for a reason
If you're still at #4c12 on Saturday, be sure to catch , , & 's talk on computational rhetorics and DH at
People, if you go to a dinner party in Africa, don't drink the genocider.
New favorite workout: zumba! Don't know why it's taken me so long to take it up! Don't forget, new single in the making, stay tuned!
what is your problem no woulder no one follows you what ever ok i love and deal with it so stop hateing gayass
Good Night gotta get up for work in 4 hours lol Sweet Dreams or Beautiful Nightmares
OMG, is prego??
If you binge on 37 heads cabbage is that bad?
Listen here twitterdees and twitterdumbs.. Were awesome so fuckin follow
Where is in all this frenzy?
you're my new hero!
I think I'm qonna feel like a qirl scout today lol.
The #gradschoolproblems hashtag reminds me that
my email is
Been there, done that...not fun - especially the first few days. Remember, if they say 'take these for the pain'...trust them.
The electronic music vibe and great lyrics (+singing)! Listening to it all the time right now.
RT": People change, memories don't."
RT : Can't wait for the ColumBEST Awards Party tomorrow at !! First 300 people get FREE Patron cocktails on us!
2 dudes sitting next to me at coffee shop are med students study for an exam, talking v. srsly re the shape and structure of... testicles
hey how about triple,h becomes champ on sunday
#thingsIcantStand living far a way from ;)
might get an iphone. Woot woot.
most of the time i'm 100% okay with my body. but right now i wish i was 40 pounds lighter....i don't fit in half my clothes
oh very cool! Can't wait to hear it. For sure we'll b back to Cali soon, This last year away felt like 100!
Philly311 Testimonials: Every time we call the agents are very professional and always gives us accurate information. -Apr 5, 2012
so wat u been up to
How am I still getting Farmville requests?! I thought that became uncool like years ago.
More interesting is pretty much everything around it. Long Beach, South Bay (the Beaches), LA proper. IMHO, of course. :)
8-0 run for Milwaukee as Butler struggles to get going again. Milwaukee now leads 33-26.
We get it it's raining...shut up now
You know, if I lived in NY I would now bring my iPad in all the time ... although I don't know why.
Fuck it. I don't wanna go to court!
Interesting! Do you follow any of those brand fabulous ladies?
Sometimes ... definitely. Often? Ehhh. I'm pretty sure Battleship is exactly what it looks like. CRAP.
First semester of grad school is DONE! Thank God!
Seriously #GreysAnatomy? A plane crash?!
omg don't scare me wat happened??
it is a small world! where are you located? I'm in Indianapolis.
I really liked harry potter as an audiobook. In defense of food was pretty good, too
Oh gosh , you have a twitter too ?? Lol
hey mama! u didnt give me ur number that one night i saw u! :( so sad lol
Oh my God! I am really enjoying #FinalFantasy13 !!!
Oh I enjoyed them very much thanks for sharing them I should them to Bree she thought that they were hilarious especially
You teaching in the morning? Haven't seen you in a while.
Also, if you guys have pixs from April event, email 'em and we'll post em
(: miss you too!
: HAVE a FAB day lady!!!!
I want twitter friends all over the world, you're my first friend in South Africa! :D
perfect! good! great! awesome! and yours?
thanks for the follow! I hope you're having a wonderful Saturday.
Let the other 2 have Ryder! They are haters! I'M ON YOUR SIDE You're taking down the Sirius XM "Celebs"!
Congrats to the winner of the Hong Kong trip
Do you watch vampire diaries??? I saw TVD in your twitter profile.
sounds like he's actually talking about PEOPLE!!!
Bill Edwards performing with special guest Channel 7's Stephen Clark @ the 4th Avenue Gallery this Friday night...admission is free...
good album west coast
They say your freedom isnt worth any amount of money -___-
true fact!
May you know and experience your loving-kind nature. You are part of the One Loving Heart. Happy Valentines Day. XX
You are much smarter than I am and can probably spell better :)
As always it's a fro yo kind of day! How 'bout some cake batter?
what is that app called that people used on instagram and it's like $1 and you can make a mini collage of pictures?
THICK BITCH, got mo ass then a motherfucka
me too :( it's out of our hands right now. We hope to be back Sunday. Bo
Yes RT : just explain it as the bible Olympics
The cruise line's lawyers will be working hard spinning that strand of narrative; the coast guard transmission was a killer.
OMG ! Congrats girl, I know you'll be a GREAT mother to your baby... what are you havin?
im hating this pregnancy
Chocolate &amp;amp; Almonds:Chocolate with almonds always tastes good
When my dad is out of town I still sleep with my mom Lmao
The kids are still alright!
I'm nice to the weird kid, so he'll spare my life when he snaps..
persistent. You fool!
can't wait for the beach on saturday!
yay!!!! Wish I could be there!! Have an awesome time:)
Wow, your Friday morning tops mine! I have coffee, but no hammock. :( Anyways, have a great Friday!
“There are two rules for success. 1) Never tell everything you know.” Roger H. Lincoln
#m sounds heavenly
I think it's time to change your twitter pic ;)
Headed up to SECs with to watch and other VOLs kick some ass!
S/O to my new follower she bad,sexy, and beautiful
What does #SGP mean?
The shit is crazy!
Less then a hour till Being Human!
Thank you so much! That is greatly appreciated! That means a lot to me!
Coaches can strengthen your mind. Your teammates can strengthen your heart. Can we count on you to strengthen your body?
YES. exactly.
Sorry again about the hitches in the website update. I've been told the changes will be made Monday.
Cant wait to go shopping!<3
Right - I forgot about that connection.
lol sure does added with a back hand and uppercut button too.
RIP Bob Brookmeyer: Another Jazz Legend Gone!
reminds me of so many of us!
Whoa with a rare tweet
Let's devolve the race for the Presidency into trivia. It's what makes America great.
Racine, WI (Senate District 21): John Lehman is the "Real Dem"! Vote Tuesday, May 8! Photo ID not needed.
I've been in this ghetto as place ! I miss you to fucking much !!!!!
Crazy TV Lenny is back on the radio doing American commercials. Sounds kinda cool.
so do I even have to ask you if you downloaded this new #krit that dropped today??
I can respect that.
Today. It's a good day.
I hope so!! And if there is I hope it is better than what was done for Mario's 25th!
my bday this Friday cant wat
I'd like to think this is neverending...
Happy National Kiss Day ;-)
GM all. Jus bought the hair 4 my kinky twist...so excited, finally gettin my hair done 2morrow!! :)
yea he will he just wont have the money to travel and i really wanna be a singer for big machine records i hav a question
plus I would have no idea who your friends are so idk what that has to do with anything
we have been..... duh
Hey Ed, Jay Roach also directed Game Change, so political docudramas are his thing. You'll be great!
Graduated yes, official a college grad, and my kids were there to see me walk the stage of honor, something to keep them motivated
Not bad, #Oscars. A few complaints: Viola Davis deserved Best Actress and Emmanuel Lubezki was robbed. But Billy Crystal was in fine form.
call them. They'll walk you through it.
We will not leave the cafeteria until we have finished the entire confection!
trashy yet highbrow! Marie Antoinette: The Portrait of an Average Woman by Stefan Zweig
Whoever invented Twitter hates going outside.
Hey i so wanted to hate WE THE PIZZA, but to be honest with you, thats the BEST IN DC, Thanks
he only notices when people fan girl and spam...
Well that fucked up my day good and proper.
bad beat jackpots both hands need to use both hole cards.
Lucky man? You kiddin? Dan Radakovich was and still is one of the best ADs in the entire country. Tech is lucky to have him.
Listening to organizers of the Texas Library Association conference share their war stories. Someone actually shushed us.
lunch this week? (:
Free the people
they have three wagamamas in Boston. asdfghjkl. I'll be searching all day! haha
the waiting game is much more difficult when you really want something!
If we get it, would also take a larger team out next spring.... how's school treating you?
big homie, where do I get these highline ballroom tix for show? At the door or online?? I wanna see duu in action
I got emotional reading RT : Former ND off linemen (now Bronco) Eric Olsen with series of tweets on J. Seau right now.
i tried to call you!! will you be around later tonight?
you could just come to Seattle and go to the show with me.
must be awkward to cast an actor who plays a character that dies of old age. It's like "you look like you're gonna kick the bucket soon"
That's cool! We always have cardboard ones with our names written in a sharpie....waugh waugh.
RT : Ready for the show tomorrow?...we'll find out....HELL YES! \m/
just got back form lifting... getting buff and taking names, ya'll know how i do
I love that we both became running fools. :)
Drunken writing mode with The 6kness Click. Deadly combination.
i love getting graduation money!! $$$$$$
so u not following me anymore?
Whenever you place your Job openings, once listed, it will be available to All our Security Professional job seekers on the Bodyguardnation
The limit on users obviously isn't a problem with Google Docs.
Everyone wants a magical solution to their problem. And no one wants to do the magic.
so glad I am not there
yea I did tht imma do it again though
HE DOES NOT WANT TO FOLLOW YOU, SHUT UP.
Great day with the stepfam, but freaking exhausted!
3/5/1789-> S Meredith:Tho public Suffrage that places a Man in Office should prevent being swayed he may indulge continuance of attachments
I love you to the moon & back<3
“: I hope the makers of Coors Lite Iced Tea decide the name is too long and abbreviate it ;)” I agree, No comment! #c*!t
I have no respect for people who eat pizza with a fork. -__-
Hi. May I ask, do you paint or do any other art (besides acting, of course)?
I have more!! Lmao whats up bro?
People follow you because they want to connect with you. Don't spend all day PUSHING product.
Encouraging: With #PTSD and #TBI employers want to know more. Is not a deterrent for employment.
My sister makes so many noises in her sleep idk what to do lol
There's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn what it is I'll get married again.
Ehmagawd, thanks! I j'adore your's!
..left NY but i hope ur havin a great time in OZ i love u guys uber much xx (2/2)
indianapolis stucco repair, indianapolis dryvit companies indianapolis dryvit companies indianapolis eifs companies, indianapolis stucco
My DRIVE Blu-Ray came in the mail. Things will get pretty groovy and badass after the kids go to bed.
Farmer's market!
It will be what we make of it, very good. Longboarding chat room.
Good morning Fashion 5.0 fans! Random question: What's your favorite breakfast cereal?
#Nowplaying at the outdated and behind the times Union Station: Hot Blooded by Foreigner. Seriously???
Happy weekend everyone! :)
oh ya I've been to Mexico too haha
I just started my essay and got writers block. WTF!
check out
I still don't understand this stuff. What it is and how it works
it means a lot, u might have been my first, always a special place in my heart
Standing in this line hoping to meet vince carter! So anxious
Watching the #DSAwards!
DRAGON BOAT RACES ARE COMING SOON! celebrate with a dragon boat sticky rice (with meat or soy) yum
agree....again: The stupid, it burns.
sofa king we Todd did? Say it! You know you wanna..,
I wish that RIP meant ''Return If Possible.''/:
hate the constant commercial deluge as I do, I would enjoy a curated, vinyl Xmas show!
That will do it. #UMass' magical run has finally come to an end. #Stanford moves on to #NIT Champ Game with 74-64 win.
Oh dear, my Omer counting has gotten mixed up. Help me out? Today is still Tiferet w/in Tiferet? Tonight we move to Netzach in Tiferet?
How do u get 1 old lady to say the "F" word? Get another 1 to say BINGO.
as soon as my dad gives me my laptop back
The shortest war in history lasted 38 minutes. It was in 1896 between England & Zanzibar. Zanzibar surrendered.
I go to hockey games in drag. And knit. ;)
Americans spend 53.5 billion minutes a year on Facebook, wow
Do you have a special St. Pat's Day coffee? The parade is Saturday,Good coffee and parades are a great match!
Also Pacers size & D effect? RT : Bosh effect: Heat shooting 37.7% in the halfcourt vs Ind. Shot 43.8% vs Knicks in round one
Come real
Please welcome AsianSwingers to the Max life
lmao you know you like that shit daddy
the outpost store that sits right below the PUP office in fountain sq. weren't a lot, so I would go soon if you can
Why should society feel responsible only for the education of children, and not for the education of all adults of every age?
Sending my love to the east coast. <3
thank you for the help and info my friends.
#marc12 ready for talk by randy bass!
They have free coffee and soda here? Seems counter productive.
Shaping up to be a great day. Now to enjoy the one week break then back on my scholastic grind.
Observation: plumbers do not chew on their finger nails.
Strong coffee brewing, hip-hop playing, stuff-getting-done-sort-of-ing: welcome to Wimpole Street Writers monday mornings.
NBC Miami just reported that you won the NBA finals! #congrats Is that 2 in a row now??
best. day. ever
Work desk lunch is the WORST lunch. Flavoring everything with tears.
BnF offering a week in Paris for a web archiving workshop
you are seriously going to be the most precious teacher EVER <33
YOUR WELCOME
Oh hey thunder.
Man, this guy is screaming at his girlfriend on the train. I worry for her. She needs to leave him. Stat.
That feeling's back.
I'm gonna die ogmgngf jesus lord help me
keep on dancing till the world ends!(:
I just assume they are wearing it to hide their communication with the schizophrenic voices inside their heads.
The fact that I dwell on wordly things (grades, relationships, image, etc) is a reflection of me not comprehending God's love
Still interested in carrying a banner? We would love your (plus friends) help! Please e-mail at .
Heard on univision this morning that 2% of the nations organ donors are undocumented, but for the most part are not allowed to receive
Bad start to 2nd Q by the #Nuggets taking fade away Js. Can't be passive. Must be aggressive vs
MT : Obama injected Race, INFLAMING the tragedy! DISGUSTING!!bG // Jeez buddy. It's called EMPATHY.
what are the odds of pre-orders for the opening day scarves to then be picked up on game day?
aha of course.
Kim is delusional and should do something productive with her life.
#wordsthatwillgetyousome are you from tennessee? cuz your the only ten i see
awesome!! :D
Packinlg for the district of columbia! :)
No, but he will very soon I'm sure!!
I have to balance Tim LaHaye with Taylor Swift. Isn't that right, ?
thanks and same for u
THE BEST COMPLIMENT IN GAY WORLD " YOU LOOK FABULOUS!!" LMFAO
yep and i cant hate on that. but were talking about NOW and last year. yall will be back but its gonna take some yrs
for a minute I thought you were referring to Waldo!
Congratulations to our very own Lauren RS Birkel and on their Ironman finishes!
He will probably spend the next three months talking about how late it was and maybe some kind of of bullshit like how it's too late.
you wanna come work with me? I'd make you my tool girl. :)
wanna go on a date?
haha. I also need it to communicate with people outside. I just called my mom in the casita to ask her a question. :)
When I first begin this class with this state, I didn't thin that Louisiana had that much crime...until now! I'm truly shocked!
To all the students who failed in high school; just remember 2 things... 1. You tried your best 2. I don't like onions on my Big Mac
never understood why some teachers gets so pissed when you have your hood on..
People use FAQ pages as crutch, to put content that doesn't go anywhere else - see also 'about us' page.
Hey how is tomorrow looking for coming back?!? <3
yea I love makin money... Got a shopping habit to support
Hot temper, with the shortest fuse you . .
They say: you don't know what you've got until it's gone. Truth: You knew exactly what you had, you just never thought you'd lose it.
Mulberry did it to us this year.
shouldn't you be clinging to your child?
Take it too the Head!
enjoy and let us talk soon
"What You Get When You Hook Up With The Power Company: High voltage towers and cabling cris- crossing the landscape."
YUM. The kimchi fried rice at the end is AWESOME.
SANTA BARBARA ! Tonic Glow party this Thursday . Gonna be crazy fun
The Sun made an appearance put a smile on my face! and the best part got to talk to some nice folks it touched my heart.
Feeling good and happy. Wishing you the same. xo <3 xo
I'm sorry :( ill vote for chile if you want me too!
Science CST today...😭
BHAHAHA! Love it! You always find the funniest stuff, I swear.
Special good luck wishes to in the NFL draft!
Allergies have invaded my body!
If you know more, please share. Just moved here from SD a few months ago
Yoshis 3 days GO NOW Puerto Rican All-Stars w/Alfredo De La Fe+Ritchie Flores. LP recorded Alfredo in 80s...Get the CD at www.lpmusic.com
thank you Evelyn!!
sometime you just got to do u
Check out my interview with ! He comes up with a killer show idea! //t.co/9SVLSYFy
DREADFUL start for the #Yotes. Did they think they were playing in the Eastern Conference Finals?
Busy day and night
HAPPY MEXICAN MOTHERS DAY
Yes!This is why I love you, short man. “:Just broke the exit sign in the plane with my head, only a few times it sucks to be big”
Apparently Bryce Harper slammed his bat against the dugout wall after striking out. Bat recoiled and hit him in face, needed 10 stitches.
Uh oh, that sounds like trouble! ;)
It's important to address your users accurately in each market you plan to enter. Create internationally friendly forms.
Heading to NYC tomorrow. starts this weekend and I'm hoping to check it out. Any film suggestions?
Talking babies rule.
30 Probation sucks, but I'll do it for the Heat! RT : remember, you're on double secret probation.
After five years they give him a brush!
Headed back to the ville!
Second student this quarter who has told me that they've found the stuff I've taught them useful for other classes.
I guess they allow anyone to be a donor. Hope these kids don't inadvertently procreate!
Brand new everything coming our way for Fresh Kics. NEW website & business cards coming end of May. New designs & factory location in June!
It's Simp Shady
You ain't never told no lie, you ain't never told no lie.
Ditto MT : Fucking fuck. East Village veg-standby, Kate's Joint, has closed. Genuinely sad. So much history with that place.
the hang over is strong with this one!
Stay tuned for information on the upcoming 2012 Spring lecture series in the February newsletter!
Sorry we are missing the #brewerwedding. Congrats to & his bride
“: #MentionTo your friend who treats you like a child.”
dm me ... Ima get into detail . Since we being real doll
RT : Who wants to win Bruce Springsteen tickets? Come to Knighthawks Legends Night at Thurs Night!
Seriously, NHL, I don't care about the Flyers or what they have to say right now. Or ever, even. So quit retweeting them.
If you don't "mean" it, then don't fucking say it. You may have the freedom of speech, but you also have the right to remain silent.
Dear Twitter, is there a way to pay for tickets to specific shows at Tom Tom Fest? Or must I pay $55 for Here We Go Magic, etc?
Do I really need all these hearts?
WHAT IS HAPPENING
Follow back me,Is Hot related to Watch One Tree Hill
": here's to the kids who have dirty minds." I saw this as I heard someone say, "Just go ahead and put your meat on there."
existentialism doesn't scare me.
Francisco! That's fun to say!
Hey actives don't forget business meeting at 615! See you at FCC!!
Mountain lion sighting on Sweetwater River trail. About 2.5 miles from steel bridge. About a 50 lb cat.
sorry. At conference. Back soon.
that was original?
Single dumbest sports marketing move? The now Brooklyn Nets not going with "Brooklyn Ballers" as their new team name.
Luv u more! RT : Happy Anniversary to my favorite couple !!!! I luv u guys:))))
Whoa! Saw some of her Twitter Followers. Not supporting X escort services! Block. Block. Block.
I'm a good value in 2nd rd. Retired in '06 to focus on bball bench & lawn mowing, but scored 2 td's in 8th grade
☼As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what men do. -Andrew Carnegie
Trying to write music while your eardrum twitches is like trying to paint while your eye twitches. Or drive with foot spasms.
Opening my heart and loving deeply.
if by ruin you mean incredibly amazing then you would be correct.
Ok I'm late to tweet about Michelle Obama coming to Spelman, but I'm still excited. Congrats class of 2011!
humbled for the follow back
done... Dm yours
Tibbo: Digital Curators as a profession bridge many different functions in an institution, particularly content and technology
got our new agents access and even a discount, thank you Zopim (let us know when the next update is coming!)
Home at a decent hour (considering) and not reeking of smoke makes me happy.
RT : the cost of improving your internal engagement will be measured in how collaborative your organization actually becomes
A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes. ~Hugh Downs
haha I love that.
;; sigh .. This guy I really like was acting so freakn sweet when him and I was alone , but now that we're with his bro(cont)
I mean I guess they need an education to make us money so they can put us in a luxurious retirement home--
Love that!
Todays interviews have prooved to be a waste of time. Maybe tomorrow we will have better luck.
We love Austin! Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return! Thanks Austin!
commack idol was awesome
Pretty busy schedule for this evening and then a party tonight!
": it really is!" Save me some
