Fake ass people<
We love it! RT : We had a great time hosting the BumpClub ladies. Check out pics from the event here...
Thats my life right now --->RT : This song is death... this is the longest song ever. but he is so into it. Lol
I'm on my way to work sadly. Am picking up a coffee though.
Good Choice - gettin' all Gainsville-y on us!
Lmao “: I guess Kobe wasn't shootin at the gym either. RT : Kobe can't buy a bucket.”
She fuckin hates me
Touchdown Packers!!!
Strauch displays photos of circular cracks in Mercedes window. Asks Bronson how got there. Bronson: "It's from Ava hitting the windshield."
hey do you want to do a story of heath slater
This mattress Guy is such a salesman
Typing single spaced with Ariel font is like the Devil's punishment.
idk how :( I'm slower than a tattooed pineapple colada
how would you define it so #cloudcomputing is not #redundant?
Hello! Thanks for the follow!! :)
they say forgive and forget..but I never forget the reason I had to forgive.
yeah, according to Megan we're the Monica twins now.
#decyourcartorecallwalker! Just got my 3rd #solidaribeep. Get involved in the movement. This is the most important electn in the nation!
that's deep
Colbert Report mystery. PR gimmick or personal crisis? Poorly handled of the latter. Brilliant if the former. Jumped the shark?
What happens to the six zanesville animals brought to columbus zoo? Our interview with jack hanna at 11.
would like to sulk into a game of Diablo 3 but its still installing...
Peter Dinklage wins best supporting actor in a drama series. I love that show
Blue skies tranquilize / Open the front door or window / Sunshine awakens the heart / No retreat / The vastness grows slowly
Just wrapped on my 69th issue, 5 days shy of 12 years… whew! Come along way from 36 pages & quarterly - What's next?
Go kick rocks Zoe 💃👟
Those are neat!
- Looking forward to your visit, let us know when you arrive! :)
Yes, I love the hair... "OMG" was all that I could get out the first time... I dehydrated a little. Lmao
ATTN: #CalGang RT Cal folks, you can tout their RPI all you want, but THEY COULDN'T WIN THE PAC-12
Who's listening to on ???
Lmao RT : "u want a baby cause you don't take the subway" --words of wisdom from with
Encountering a lot of connection problems with lately?? What's up ?? Keeps telling me to standby....20 minutes??
That moment when you're done unpacking for the day and realize you don't know how to change your new shower from tub to shower...
"Flowers had to develop some clever systems for reproducing, they're rooted in the ground & cannot easily obtain liquor."...
Common Pesticide “Disturbs” the Brains of Children
ops sorry
really cutie???
just keeping myself in check :)
You win some you loose some. It's called life.
See No More~
#TodayShow has become ET This Morning. How about some news? Not sensationalism.
mutton nachos or even caribou nachos.
Omg this is boring. Goodnight whores.
The greater the gift the greater the responsibility to tell another about the goodness of the Lord....
/ˌrek'oh'vend/ is the preferred nomenclature, dude #Lebowski'd
internet traffic. More ppl on a site more they Make n advertrising random sht
Waiting in chi to follow the camera truck back to MKE. Nice job. Thanks jim and ryan.
Thanks for Hosting a Great Event! RT : Thanks for joining us at The Bellevue Mingle!
Be safe if you're in Saint Louis. Not sure if the weather is as bad as is saying, but if so, be safe.
Woop! Who's comin to the G+ hangout tonight with ?! So excited!
i know where to put your bits
welcome to Twitter man
Tell Nao your favorite song!
nine hundred thousand mansion olright
Have you been using my name again? ☺
Good morning! Start your day with something FREE. Right now, your local McDonald's has FREE Small Premium Roast Coffee ^PDX/Eugene area only
Laundry in dryer, baby fed and napping, Parmesan chicken almost done for me and the Daddy. I need another shower!
Join us for the after party at the parastyle!
thanks for the consistent updates. Not getting the NBC sports channel in the District
Comporium Media Services Offers Mobile, Web, Print and Cable TV Advertising
Beverly Hilton International Ballroom. If you don't know you better ask somebody.
just spread 50 sq yards of manure on the garden this morning(I'm pooped) hope to get lots of produce for my needy families again this year!
That fills his quota through 2013...": AJ triple,
Thanks Web, and BTW - huge Props on the article. We dig it!!
Yes indeed!
4 hours of sleep, not cool
"If you can not explain what you want, do not do this work" -Rod Holcomb on director's who can't/won't communicate.
sorry about your email bankruptcy. good luck financing a Twitter account after that.
I love your #Perezisms!! ": That which is destined to be yours, NO ONE can take away! What is meant to be truly will be!...
Thanks for the RT :):)
I threw it on the groundd!!
what the fuck is vegan beef?
R.I.P to Lil Waynes testicles in dem tight ass leopard print pants.
Yay! Congrats on the new gig!
Could it be?....yes...Its HUMP DAY! Not much longer now till the weekend!! :)
RT : what you doin boy// In St. Lucia frat, you?
Richmond SHRM has invited Jeanne Meister, internationally recognized speaker and co-author of “The 2020 Workplace" to speak 3/17/11...
Yo! About to eat LUNCH
True facts about me: I will apply almost anywhere for any conservation job I am remotely qualified for.
good day to u too homie bless
yea right...
Wow. Cannot believe that I have never seen Intervention.
Jay Cutler is the worst QB in the NFL
hey can i please have a shoutout???
Heading to Wine & Dine WI. Hope this is worth skipping a nap.
Aw cube
There is no reason to not follow your heart. ~Steve Jobs
70 #AV this past weekend was way to much =/ damn you CtA
#np Beautiful Things -
Happy Fourth of July!!!
Just saw a state senator at Dicks. xoxo gossipcraig
fantastic! You??
long day 2morrow!!!!!!
#wordoftheday The city woke up this morning stumbling to grok both a Pirates victory and a Penguins loss. -Thanks Ashley!
you should write an academic essay highlighting the similarities and present it at a con.
probably not, just taking a straw poll. I never know which looks better. You rock the glasses like no other. :)
Omg please follow me the day you do i will faint thanks and much love vin and bianca fan#<3
holy Moses. Who made that?! It's beautiful. Don't eat it--too pretty.
Why is ratio not pronounced like patio? Or patio like ratio?
There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count and those who can't.
I only want to rummage thru 's apt. as if I was his hoarding therapist. He refused again today. Open your heart, man!
If u put bitches before money u gne end up looking stupid
google date on sunday??
wants a nap with my boyfriend..
RT "Don't be afraid to try something new. The Ark was built by amateurs, but the Titanic was built by experts." ~ Ron Davies
little boy crazy
Then think about all of the ways you could be improving your life with that time
Ok(: aww i do too haha
that sounds good
Yes finally learning to tweet! :)
If your singing sounds pinched, you might be trying too hard. Keep your face relaxed, use breath support and sing w/relaxed tone. Better?
So pissed, I'm speechless.
Wow - the Nuggets really won. Never would have guessed that would happen. Glad to see they have some fight in them.
Which is more hilarious? That some seek to associate OWS w estab Ds. Or that people are stupid enough that it might work.
she was pretty much the only reason I watched the show b
good! Will you be here June 4th
I wish they all could be CA girls! LOL
Guys, I still hate QuarkXPress!
please tell me that the #superbowlnorv hashtag is satirical.
This guy is going to shower and go back to doing nothing. 👍
$7 sale in shop. Out with the old, im with the new. Old items must go as shop gets a makeover for the new year. Freshblissboutique.etsy.com
no. did you happen to notice if they had sorbet on the menu?
Conversely, always order your drinks from a guy with a mustache.
"Sometimes in life you have to suck." #wordsofwisdom from 😂☺😁👌
Menopause Solutions: Revitalize Your Appearance With The Help ...
Still not understanding why I am so upset about something so stupid!?
but I'm already watching it!
next up- on January 25 with Pageant and Into Weather
i love that game!! :D
Yes!!! Stellar Performance of #CleoLaine !!! #Jazz Truely enjoying Your #Vocals !!! : )BP
Defense wins championships, offense sells tickets.
are ju home
was very moving thanx blessings :)
Cookie dough >>
SUPER JELLY!!!! y'all have an auntie anne's?? maybe I should transfer to akron lol
#ConfessionToEbon I would totally marry you<3
5am Dunkin Donuts run... Gotta love it =P
they best play some Tyga at prom!
Friday, Feb 17th is The 20th Annual Great Guinness Toast! Join the Guinness girls from 9:30pm-11:30pm & be a part of history! For more...
I have a picture of us from Saturday night :) So good meeting you! ... even if I was kind of sloppy haha
Just watched you on #QuickPitch and you say 'RBI' instead of 'RBIs'! Finally someone with some sense!! Thank you!
Thanks for the follow, you guys look awesome!!
I remember the moment when waking from the nightmare of critical thinking, then began to seek the Divine in others. I am happier now loving.
Gale would never go for those unflattering diaper bottoms.
Stacy's mom has got it goin' on
CELEB SPREE o ya
there is if you let it! ;)
you still owe me elites?
work something twerk something! the hottest underground club banger! check it out and see for yourself!
LA LA LALALA
they are having a fist pumping contest w jersey shore cast around town, unless the pumping is towards snookis face i will not participate
when is his hearing?
#CinqueTerreFlood Made it to Florence, but luggage is still in Vernazza with 2 friends who r stuck in hotel. 6 ft of water. Crazy!!!
Watching #Burlesque with my siblings..family mode ha
“: Who is takin a vinegar bubble bath this morning!!” What is wrong w/ you, u r 2 funny man... Vinegar bubble bath? Really
I fuhken love my new shoes!!!!!
Are you a CPA in the Southlake, Trophy Club, Colleyville, Grapevine, Mid-Cities area and looking for a networking group? PM me.
Can you feel the sunshine, does it brighten up your day
you are on a hero's journey!! Thank you for the inspiration!
already did lol it's getting cold up in here, up in here :)
Coffee isn't really all that bad for you. Sugar and cream add the unnecessary calories. Have your coffee, just don't become dependent of it.
That-a-girl. Raising her well. She ate just the crust around the PB&J sandwich.
Great job at the building trades conference yesterday Ms. Solis. Always inspiring to hear you speak.
WIN 2 tickets to Rascal Flatts! Just one week left to follow us for your chance to win. Winner announced Oct. 1
Headed to Charlotte this week to do an intro at the Levine for their distinguished speakers lecture. Very amped to do so.
Thank you!!
Who are the bears picking? Guesses?
Happy Birthday! It's the 1 day when cake is an #EatWhileYaTweet food!!!
Have you time-zoned recently? Nothing messes my Goog-Cal up more than when I go on 3G in different time zones.
Oh please.
These kids drink caprisuns like they're going out of style.
Sleeting out. On couch with tea watching Alien. Perfect way to celebrate a nasty day!
Spent the past 90 minutes reviewing an online application for a state program. They printed copies for everyone.
now I'm really excited to watch next weeks episode :)
Was it the taciturn, matter-of-fact country folk who can look death in the face without blinking?
got my email hit me with it
In Vegas for the next two days at a great conference! Inbox me if you're around and we can catch up! #NABSHOW,
indiana stucco contractors, stucco contractors indiana, indiana stucco repair, indianapolis stucco contractors, stucco repair indianapolis
Thanks for the RT, Cathy:)
Panko-crusted crab cakes topped with lemon aioli atop Caesar salad on now at Lottie's Lounge!
- forgot to add - yes, after SES Berlin this week.
Diva! Are you and coming out next Sat, the 14th for my bday at ?
#Denied sad :(
they did say one thing that u need to discuss on ur show. #Heat need an enforcer to keep the #Pacers playing clean!
#GooDDLuck my worn out old gym shoes
Dear everyone in this line is angry. This is the definition of bad planning and execution. How did you troubleshoot this issue?
Also check local liquor stores and book stores for boxes. They're always willing to help out + those boxes are sturdy!
all of it! Had the meat a cheese plate. Dozen oysters. The sausage stuffed peppers were amazing! Kinda want to back today.
me too. I wish there were more people actually blogging on the blog when they have author accounts
Beginning with the diet eating plan
Who do you think will win today at ?
I like people who're straight up with me and will be honest from the start, you got a better chance in me trusting you if you're like that.
So saddened to hear the passing of Donna Summer. :( Queen of disco RIP. Thoughts and prayers to her family.
Orthodontist appointments are fun.
true. Did you do try to access your gmail account while it was down?
I spend so much time in Bb I'll take a look into google apps! Bb definitely has it's issues.
me and my dog play tag around the house c:
I hope the video shoof goes well evrybody follow
We easily diminish the power of the great #IAM when we listen to the voice of darkness.
At the end of Return of the Jedi, I'd liked to have seen all the youngling ghosts show up and seek revenge on the young Anakin ghost.
Owner of "Cartlandia" food cart pod on SE 82nd says he wants to open cart that just serves booze. Suggests it will be like beer garden.
I would absolutely watch "Queen Of Jordan" were it brought to series.
happy birthday niggah (:
So KY`s kicking Vandy`s ass in baseball too?
Every day is Precious , Valuable, and Time Sensitive, as long as you have awareness of that every minute.
Just in case anyone wanted to know, lemme tell ya, you CANNOT make a White Russian with almond milk. Don't work. Ish is nasty.
: On my way to DC for #SHRMTalent! (@ Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport (DTW)) ~ look fwd to seeing you!
Awesome! Sending you a ticket now. Looking forward to it! :)
hope it got better or at least more inebriated. We are on our way to Nola
ha not very well lol
RT "Do not discourage participation from people that are NOT in your target market! Nurture it!"
Why can't I have a life like one in a tv show??!!
Google + tip... Make friends with google employees!!
grindin doin music preparing to release this next project hbu?
You probably can't sleep because you know that tomorrow all the Easter candy goes on sale
typically, yes. Just had some personal expectation issues...like surprised I had to give directions to SFO.
Hello Masterminds! Hotel advertising platform here. =)
I'm going out. Where? I'll find out when I get there.
Thx for tweeting the quote. Your post inspired an expansion of the thought. Check it out in my feed.
what's up with that emoji, homes?
lol it ain't gotta be dat eazy juss tell me. I ain't gone tell nobody aha
#erl12 Thank you very much all attendees to our #Mendeley event.
TOMORROW NIGHT!! Come celebrate DC's favorite sax player's birthday only !!! w/ and
Braun's 2nd HR went so far, it crashed through the window of a FedEx Kinko's, which BTW, was open 24 hrs.
I hate violence but don't ever threaten someone that's not threatening you. You just might be their breaking point.
#DASER Ellen Levy talks about comparisions between cultural and biological evolution.
Dad is n from Fla so goin out watching a movie.sore as hell from tha surgery...
Thanks for the follow. You sure sound busy. Makes me tired think about it.
Bulgaria i told u :D
play me
: hahaa yeaah. & good cause i dont want excuses.! =P
The awkward moment when you realize that you missed your knees when you shaved your legs...soo you're walking around with hairy knees....
tumblr the blog platform for writers?
A common mistake I see made in web site development? Complex site architectures! A flat hierarchy, will have better traffic retention.
Thanks Greg. Hope you had a great weekend.
Thanks for mentioning Substrata Fest!
KIDNAP YO BEITCH! GET THAT "HOW MUCH YOU LOVE LADY?" MONEY $$$$ 😜😝
hit me up dude check some of these out www.reverbnation.com/studio724 i got plenty, ur bound to like at least one dude
Can someone please tell me why I still watch "Glee"? This is getting embarrassing....
Hey #Zipsters - check your Zipcar for a special offer from
Watching Dennis Miller's latest pro-Republican rant. Why is he politically aligned with people who mostly wouldn't get his comedy?
Things do not change, we change. Henry Thoreau
"stress" should be my middle name.
that's fun ni
Bay Area treasure, John Santos, allowed me to reprint his article titled, What is Latin Jazz?, at www.misterlatinjazz.com
Thank you, David. Just read your blog posts. Terrific writing! Also, loved the pix of book giveaway!
wow you won 2?! Good for you :)
If your presence doesn't make an impact, your absence won't make a difference.
Hey , that was great! Can you fly more awesome stuff over NYC?
Woot! RT Come see me, & Peter from w/Dave Olson for vs Dilla at Feb 15th
Is anybody going somewhere other than Siesta or Destin?
// maybe because #traditions are catalyst to the " #culture " which defines our #religion. (cont.)
wow, I'm so excited about the huge network of #basketball players in the Twitter world! Wishing you all a blessed night!
Once again: family devotions at the Blann home would make a great video! Maybe AFV! Gotta love our family!
Starting this week, look out for our RtG Caffeinated Quiz! Be first to answer trivia questions to win free ! Stay tuned...
hey can u give me a surprise fan phone call? <3 id love that lol . Just in case .. 330.524.8771 ..<3
good thanks, how about you?
Is the #Nationals Game still on today or are there delays due to rain?
yes and no. Only 5 of them. Mostly in TX. Think there's one in ny?
considered but not recommended: baha men, sporty thievz, tag team
Lessons from Branding Iron: how Detroit automakers squandered brand capital, veered to bankruptcy. (next tweet)
The Power of Your Subconscious Mind show is about to begin www.focussociety.com come join in on the discussion
Great work on #uwsmphic yesterday and today, tweeters, participants, faculty and all!
I've been done for hours...
...I can't help, falling in love with you...
Live for love. Without love, you don't live.
Lol iSpeak whatever comes to my mind .
RT : Also, gen. FYI, I checked with & registrar goofed on Online Community class - it is 3 course hrs. Fixed[...]
Yes, people, believe it. I am wearing a dress.
no problem! Keep supporting the metal!!!!
Up early another Saturday for FFA. All I wanna do is crawl back in bed! 😞
Jeanne Phillips: Offensive body art is best ignored
Miami Florida or Heat size large! You always hook me up. autograph my tshirt mane!
Id sure like to but i dont think i can RT : you gonna be at the spring game?
A company can never have enough #cash. # B2B CFO® - We help you get it, contact Royal Johnson 630-212-0061
Need to add some stamps to my passport
What a weekend - big thank yous to and !
Unless Willis Reed comes jogging through that door on Sunday, #Knicks are heading to 14th straight playoff loss.
"candy bar no good. make you sick. stick to snake! you want?"..."you not used to air. very high."
lol i'm not sure.. I got reeaaally high that day so it's a possibility
always, i promise <3 and I've been more excited :)
The follow-up to the Chi-town MC's debut album is in the works...
Happy #mothersday to all of the amazing moms out there :)
describing a larger museum "they are broke on a totally different scale than we are" Troy Livingston @ #imls nlg convening
"Loose nut" is the official cause of the 45 min flight delay, discovered after we boarded the plane. Hope it isn't the co-pilot.
What the public expects and what is healthy for an individual are two very different things
glad you do, and I look forward to some fun convos
what's rock of ages ?
Yay! So glad to have you!
well beauty from the north I'm off to sleep! Up in like 5 hours :( ttyl!
Read Jane Hu's Girls piece w interest. Srsly though, "the show's monolithic middle-class whiteness"?
in #France but my iPhone isn't working! how to remedy this? think i need to get at&t to help me out.
rough night already? Nuts and booze?
Denver looks a little shook
just got home from leading worship at a Women's Conference in NC. Pretty blown away by our times of worship. Cant wait for RC3 tomorrow!
Time to make Pie!
thanks everyone who's following & supporting me! it means alot<3
Emma can you text Trevor Meyer on text plus and tell him ASD952 will text him soon
I appreciate the offer but I do kickboxing and jiu jitsu and I'm on a diet already. :)
enjoyed my 1980 fiesta back in the day. Great to see it back
HA! RT : Woah. should come with a warning label:max 2 eps per day.After just 1.5, I have no noodle left to bake!
ew. Totally ew. School...on a weekend...in the summer...poor u I would help bu I cnt :(
thanks for the RT - we appreciate the help getting the word out!
Just got to NY!
“Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart, as working for the Lord, not for men.” - Colossians 3:23
IT IS... he even has Amber Rose on there. lmao
4706 goes out to anyone who smokes more when asked if they are high enough. You can always go higher
How's it going my brotha? What's your email? I can email some MP3's
#IReallyWant a damn blizzard right now...
have you been taking breaks ? Or just a slow typer? Lol
Hah, didn't you see Windows 8 yet! :D
Come to event this Thursday Feb.9 to meet one of our favorite Minders ~ Tranica!!
I'm not from MA, so I don't even know how awesome the station is :-/
Today's work mix is "daydreaming" by Maricha. The title is a perfect description of the content. Relaxing and out there at the same time.
last nights show was fuckin sick! we flooded the stage with fans!! love you guys!! we all had fun!
What are your favs? I've been enamored by New Girl, appalled by Don't Trust the B— in Apt 23, confused by GIRLS...
Thanksgiving family visitor delivered to airport this am. Guest room again ready. Round 2 set to arrive tomorrow and depart BUF Thursday am.
A lot coming here shortly. Keep your eyes open
you got my mind in the gutter, when were touching each other!!
Why is so fucking sexy? Even when he acts as nervous M&G Britney he's gorgeous.
RT Side DoorsFlickr - Photo Sharing - side doors
nope -.- I have no way out of fl lol fawkk
I started working for this company today 38 years ago, where did the time go? I want some back.
nope your wrong! Lol
Thanks for the event mention! It will be a great event for your group to come out to tonight!
Please 'like' us on facebook! W.Facebook.com/attackatdawnpa. Guitarist will be announced at 200 likes. Please RT!
You guys are the best!
Thanks for samples, branded apparel for #BumptheRunway #BabyBashBling on 5/19. Fab apparel at model fitting today!
I got and on my fantasy squad.
...and now up, USD Economics Professor Alan Gin.
It's the man-show on KUSI today. Poor Alexis broke her hand so it's David Davis and I kickin' it.
it's the same thing just in different words! Dummy!!😏
What are you doing tonight? All decks are open. Or maybe cocktails in our outside lounge?
These New hits i got finna Hit look out for my new joints #Pressure !
Great Q about the technical skills. Hopefully we will have time at teh end to answer it!
#sexualcultures Patten: 70s feminist arguments against porn (Dworkin et al) have been assimilated into Christian right politics in Aus
appreciate the positive kick in the posterior!!!
....for starters Barrett has an actual 4 year college degree. Walker's a dropout, washout.
haha , oh yeah
/ there's a lot of information fans miss from attending, we've relied heavily on tv commentators for info but neglected stadiums.
I hate getting these "$10 off" or whatever things from VS only to find that I can't use it online. -_-
I feel ya dawg
Tasha has like five different boyfriends every season
RT My Brother bout to make his way to the Oscars Grand stage thats wassup Cheering for you bro :-)<-Thank u bro
Glad you like it! Been a favorite of mine for almost 40 years!
No need to apologize. I wish I had it in me to tweet so often.
im.starving
oh, that guy is trouble
Nights like this are almost unreal to me. They remind me of how much I actually love life.
lmao (x you don't have to:b its just a liddo gift to remember me by when you move :c *tear*
go DODGERS!
nice question!
30,000 feet up sipping champagne with my feet up and the sky is blue
It's Thursday...where daaaa fuq is my drink?
Holiday parties are right around the corner let plan ur companies next corporate party w/ us & impress the staff! DM for info
took a quick look at the draft - player ahead of Weber, Egener never played in NHL and second Smaby has played 14 gms
Kinsey Sadler - Sometimes I Forget - getting some great airplay - breaking through the charts!
Basil can refresh the mind/restore mental alertness & sharpen sense of smell. For fatigued/aching muscles, rub a few drops of essential oil.
MCZ perfect long stock..Way under-valued. Watch and see!
they should put the Jamie Foxx show back on!!
You smiled, and then the spell was cast.
After a male bee mates with the queen, his member breaks off and he dies
#Johnson: Heurist eliminates separate relationship table; relationships between records stored as another record, treated as primary source.
I don't even understand that, Sounds as if you would have to beat an animal while you were grooming it to make it that sore.
I think would have been a great Daddy Warbucks. :) Annie was the first movie I ever saw in theater!
OMG #DEAD. FUCKING DANNY.
So I just found out that I missed Stickaid by 4 days. Man am I intelligent '___'
Thanks :) See you soon please!
yes it is
i love him.<3
Love it! Amen to that!
he left the 25th. Not that much difference lol.
Who is ready for the big things coming from soon?!?!
Good Afternoon - On a Positive Note
"I'm not even mad, that's amazing"
: "apps for new content. Quick ebooks for backlist." Just had a meeting about this, still hoping 4 something in between!
we ain't for no strings attached cuz your ma boo thang!(;
Meet Me In The
I still dont know what I am doing.
Lololol I think this really is destiny!!
then we played soccer with a basketball, volleyball with the basketball, and I think i have a concussion. xP EPIC DAY.
its always on vacation, you need to fire that one and get another one lol
Fan-effing-tastic.... 2hours of sleep.... now I'm up. I haven't stopped in three weeks!
Just checking
It really is an awesome wedding video! Made my GF cry. I love Austin. Got lots of friends & family over there. Again, congrats!
oh my god cant wait for the US arena tour!!!!!
Best Quote! Here is an important message from ur Uncle Bill. Don't buy drugs...Become a pop star, & they give u them 4 free!
I just got some Hemp shell-toes for 5 bucks at the Goodwill! That's my shoe game
Enjoyed some pizza.. Now off to the game!
Save all that you feel for me.
today i am going to change my profile picture
Great to welcome back with a standing ovation today. She's a distinguished colleague - and an inspiration to all Americans!
Creativity and intelligence can flourish under all conditions.
Girls Rock Camp Houston Registration is NOW OPEN! Ages 8 - 18 yrs old. Email for an application.
good advice...
I want to believe we all really want to make a difference. That's a good start. Maybe action by a few could have a domino effect?
i live in la vernia right now, but yah, i talked to him last year
Have you figured out where you're living next year? We can help! 612-703-RENT
I got the guy in the Pink Socks!!
Ppl hate me on mothers day, im not applauding no unfit mothers. Thats just what it is. If u taking care of urs
At this rate, if I get anything done today it will be a miracle.
gotta add thick works too tho “: Slim... Fine... And On Her Grind... #ShesAKeeper”
Presidential Trio gig tomorrow evening! Get to break out my new Marc Anthony dress shoes :-)
I could watch saved by the bell forever. 💘🎉🎉
its late and I would LOVE if you can tell me goodnight . It would make my year (:
you have no idea how awkward i am on the phone.
he's gonna make some major moves in Miami.. Can't wait to see what his album has in store!
We need Granderson back.
Now, when the actually thing takes place...if I am disappointed...bruh! I'm gonna be PISSED!.
-- LOL! Great tweet for a Friday- hope you are well:)
#jeter is owns the game, screw all you haters
Moment of silence*...
thanks for including!
I understand, but we need change. Alignment is much more than name change, but name is symbolic. Unfortunate acronym was distraction.
Learn about solar energy for residental & commerical- Solar in Action presented by HH Solar Energy tonight at Madison No Fear Dentistry!
I know DC's pretty much always been wack. But you old comic book heads remember Crisis of the Infinite Earths, right? That shit was dope!
this why your werent getting your swell on this morning?
oh my gosh /: im up. i HATE storms. someone come cuddle...
i am seriously a procrastinator at her fin...
America's wealthiest families are now losing their homes to foreclosure at a faster rate than the rest of the country......
Bout to chillax wit my WIFEY gudnite folks
4 reminders / day to pick up your camera. Find a stool or something to sit on and take some shots. Use it as a prop; sit, stand, pose, etc.
Shoutout to your Chicago Fans!!!!! (: <3
Strong people stand up for themselves...stronger people stand up for others.,.,
Happy Super Bowl Sunday everyone! We just picked up a gig at The Mad Frog in Clifton on Thursday, February 23rd. Hope to see you there!
I'll concede to all women that men think with their dicks if they'll promise me to vote with their uteruses.
Going to txt him till I fall asleep..
Blake Griffin just had dunk of the year.
I was hoping for Monday- I have a 4:30 appt.today that I gotta make....
Something tells me your not talking about brown bananas. RT no, the bad one... no, no the fucking BAD one...
I got no #nationalbestfriendday tweet-a-leers from ÿõù !
RT : Acupuncture is gaining new and respect among hospitals & docs. Learn why this Chinese medicine really works:...
truly blessed me with this inspirational link to sermon by
Dis dude gay as hell
absent from discussions today, all about state of the art, tools for specific needs,
Starting yesterday, silver came in at below $30 an ounce for the first time since...well, we can't even remember!
Yo,watch for my new album "Self Made" comin this summer!!
The site is such a tease but the fall will be here before I know it and I'll be best friends w/ the UPS guy! cc
What are you doing tomorrow night? Come out and drink a beer or two if you're not working.
Is it bad that its 5 in the morning and im hungry af ?
ok was hoping it wasnt injury news
This is starting to get old
Ha! I knew it was gonna be about Austin!!! ;)
Man is born to dream, to be enlightened, to connect and to be fulfilled. Managers are too.
I've never understood that no matter where you live on Earth we all see the same sky. Nevermind the #vernalequinox which is happening now.
I remember when MB gave out the release date of #1Girl.....#goodtimes :')
Now Kaveh Jorabchi (chemistry prof) & Melanie Kehoss (artist) talking about their collaborations.
I'm about to go H.A.M.
Looking for something special for Mom for Mother's Day this year? We will be announcing our Make Mom "pretty" Happy contest details soon.
gr8 stats on social usage by CIO relative 2 gen pop
...lol...nuh uh! My mom was the one who told me about it! -
i am still alive ;)
I NEED TO SEE THIS SEASON FINALE OF GREY'S ANATOMY!
your going to be like mommy drop the brisket and none gets hurt
Going for a run
Help us out my recommending our page and twitter to your friends!
My back hurts....
nice catch! You are looking sharp #goodluck with
YES, YES, YES Joshua!
on like donkeykong!
What's your favorite map on Black Ops? Mines Nuketown :)
Hey everybody it's me Mason guest tweeting for I am now officially busy for APRIL! All of April. Haha
Museums have a much bigger responsibility to serve in society than just being a destination.
whoa! That's so cool!! You performing!?
sounds like stansbury suffers from constipation of the head and diarrhea of the mouth!!
Im Guessing It's Cold Outside ^___^
Gatekeeper. Wasn't that the rogue spyware that allowed the bad guys to take over in the movie The Net? And now Apple has it...
very straight. I saw someone that has million followers but only follows 3 peoples
i took that last year… i had troubles using a calculator and i got an eight on my essay even though i didnt understand the topic.
Omg This Old Man Walked By Me Singing "I Beez In The Trap" Lmao
are you excited!!??
@ Same here. I can only handle one addiction at a time.
great to meet you too! Have a good trip.
come on now kari u really have to ask? It's
Going to the bodys exhibit ..... At least I left school early :)
It was great seeing all of the family's today! Thank you all for celebrating with us!
THE NEW ONE! It's film noir, set in the 40's!!!
finally have a change to mess with backing up #pubarch tweets and Storify later today
It's official, Core Media Concepts has it's own dedicated and fully managed hosting solution. Now accepting applicants! DM for details
good thanks for letting us know!
Uh oh. Australian night at Jelly Rolls at Lotusphere. G'day mate.
can't wait to hook up the new led's under my dash tomorrow, they are bright as fuck lol
The kind looking grandma that sat by me on the plane turned out to be a twilight fan. I'm telling ya we're everywhere.
tomorrow is mothers day though?
lol wow you thinkin about me much :)
I love my paintbrushes. But I miss my camera. 25 paintings down. 25 to go. 5 weeks left. I live in paint covered clothes.
Last day of class
: "something smells good.." -sniffs me- "it's you."
I was just at Jim's house too!
he's staying at my place. We'll be up and at it this afternoon on so hit me up
the whole purpose of what we're doing is to help rebuild and reshape the area and ultimately bring positive attn!
Author John Elder Robison Talks About #Asperger’s and His New Book "
I never been drunk , but I being all fuck up.....
still dizzy~~~~but need to get up early tomorrow
why are you threatening to double fist your #OWS fam? One is more than enough.
you love the hat don't lie It's actually my little girls she have it to me for the trip
Done! July, let's make it happen, folks.
You owe it to yourself to find out as much as you can about the top paying nursing careers.
Today will attempt to run 4 miles. There's a first time for everything. Wish me luck!
HEY I WAS THERE, TOO :D
R.I.P. Don Cornelius. An innovator, visionary and legend. Thank you to the creator of Soul Train!!! Love, peace and Soul!
New year New money
did your twitter acct blow up like mine?
So #oomf followes me and only me? And he favorites my tweets!? Creep-___- that some Jerry Springer shit
I love it when an obese TV personality has to interview someone who is on their show to promote a healthy lifestyle.
I'm just not a morning person, maybe I'm just not eating the right meal in the morning, I'll have to get on that!
Dinner with hailey, mummy, and mummy's mummy. (:
Can I get a break? Seriously....
Thanks for the feedback. Sounds like we have a gremlin to ferret out.
Thank you so much to the for inviting us to be a part of Urban Scrawl 2011! We love Franklinton!
No question. Lots of people are jumping on the bandwagon.
Like a Lamp, shine your Talents! Someone is in need of your Light!
From the road......and espn radio....that goal didn't sound good.
GO GO GO
Idk if i could. ha
So excited...
where we at wit it I'm in chi mingling now no longer 45 away .....
Please follow me I am having a contest with my friend
Kay well, I'm done complaining about her for good. All I'm saying is she sucks. She has no soul in her music, or maybe even at all lol
Ha! Glad you had a good time.
thanks -Of course it all worked out :-) wait was closer to 2 hours but once on train - i was soothed by pace & scenery
Tweeting on poetry with your students? Have you seen the documentary "Louder than a Bomb?" Amazing...
everyone go follow he's really good!(:
u understand that it was Bush-GOP fiscal policy that caused recession, and GOP austerity that slows growth, right? |
I hate prom!
": i want sum dre beats !!!" They sound good! I dont think u will need anyother head phones after you buy those.
Making money could be easier than you ever thought... Continue to follow us & ask your friends to do the same! Will unveil the secret soon!
M goat cheese and asparagus quesadillas...
I spent over $350 on the books I'm turning in today. Think I'll get more than $50 back?
There is quite alot of cute guys on twitter and I like their names but..Wale, im sorry but wale wins hands down ~TheWalien~
I have no idea where you're going with that.
I LOVE how my body is losing weight. Must keep at it as a healthier body awaits.
Come grab some lunch and check out some Women's World Cup action starting at noon!
John Lucas on the flight back from Mississippi. Has the best line I've heard from a coach: "you think this is hard? Try gettin off drugs!"
My mom may be shorter than me but she is damn scary..
80 degrees today in Seattle. It's gonna be a lovely day.
Doesn't matter. Any given Saturday.
lol. espanol is kinda easy for me.
hey there, not sure yet, but doubtful, coming off 6 month detail at GSA OCSIT, how u?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🌺
I'm not okay and I wish you knew.
you working on Friday?
Who had a chance to see 's screening at The Regent Showcase Theater today?
Back2back meetings in the office, working incoffee shops, long flights, etc. You'd think power is readily avail.
I wish tiny elves would come finish the packing for me while I sleep
she just said she's not ghetto, she's unique >.< bol'n
I'm at The Breslin with cfm hair and a vodka cocktail, surrounded by hotties. How much things change in a few hours.
Man it so freaking boring Now Im out of school for a week! I cant stay still gotta stay doing something Productive
“: Still not close enough. :(” Hopefully some day soon, I'll get close!
Watching this episode of criminal minds right now and this episode being based out of Spokane & Seattle hits a little too close to home.
WERE OPEN ON MONDAYS SALON/FULL BARBER SERVICE ComeOut #Oakland #Uptown 1738 Telegraph 5108321100 #Weave #HairCuts #MakeUp Too! --
To whoever decided to reblog that video of "Call Me, Maybe" on Tumblr: I hate you.
oh yeah...unblock me...it's information that I post that pertain to you as well...in the group page
Another day to be great.
RT Who's coming to the this wknd? <We'll be there! Filming & live updates from the "Bloggers Lounge"
Probably!! :-D
holla! Vegas lounge lata, we are going to see a show too. Hopefully we can make this happen!
I'll be the drunk guy throw up the T for the second batter bottom 1 & screamin MVP for the next guy
I absolutely love ' PETUNIA GOES WILD for its connections ("ladders") to WALDEN and TUESDAYS WITH MORRIE. Fantastic PB!
Is Noel EVER gonna announce.. Geez lol
“: #ILikeObamacare because healthcare is a right, not a privilege. People shouldn't have to chose between food or medicine.
Stop talking about what you are going to do and just do it. Ready, FIRE, aim.
Just saw Michael Smerconish in Collingswood
You may have already won...RT : one day a real cruise ship will call me
Ya it's a good pic!
I love being unemployed. It's like being a kept woman. This works for me. Is that so wrong?
"Empowering business *TO* improve social..." missed the "to"
Was Bert with you?
aw cute!!
that is outrageous false advertisement I demand a letter be written to the better business bureau...
Where is ? He's been awfully quiet this #NAFSA11. Did he wander off 2 a Star Wars film festival & 4get about the conference?
Working on some fun stuff for Cave Creek Museum. Stay tuned!
very proud!!
If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward MLK
The true entrepreneur is a doer, not a dreamer. -Nolan Bushnell
Missing my bestfriends :'( I really need to move to where they live like asap!
Ticket raffle, proceeds to help pay off Bobby Bonilla's contract.
I'm love me some McGinn, glad to have him and Downie!
May 7th-11th is Teacher Appreciation Week! Arlington educators, what local establishment would you love to receive a gift certificate to?
I'm in Claremont!
These look so good! We're definitely making these for Valentine's Day! Thank you!
#Feed your mind #positive #thoughts & #THRIVE on success-driven ideas as a result!
Exit polls show win for in #ohprimary... Get ready for a great #SuperTuesday!
hi pls follow me back :)x
'He who angers me, conquesr me'.
if Peyton goes to another team will Denver find better receivers for Tebow?
RT : Dancing In Dark ....
Is a record of this talk available online?
Awesome!! RT : Come to North Park Farmers Market today 94.9FM will be giving away FREE Festival of Arts Craft Beer Block Tix!
Have you ever really danced on the edge?
I'm still looking for an talent agent ! if you can help me I'll be happy! Check me out at www.myspace.com/rj1986
Why did the cowboy die with his boots on? Because he didn’t want to stub his tow when he kicked the bucket
finally done reading tweets from 3 minutes ago and tthen at the top of the page 78 new tweets..... FML.... :O
OMG I just found out they won. I'm so happy!
omg you better send me a free coupon or two !
I know what you're looking at and so does Jesus. Lol
RT : A (Jewish) Star is Born: 1898 Mac Baker 1908 Syd Cohen
Wisconsin goes 4-0 this weekend! Brewers up 2-0, Packers scoring at a record pace and also 4-0 and look who's ranked #4...yup BADGERS.
The 24/7 traffic noise on Rosecrans is similar to a freeway
Hey man check us out :)
Nice to tweet - meet you, Justin! I'm a huge fan of
Alive. The world is wide open. Every moment is an opportunity. Are you taking care of yourself? Please do so and then you can help others.
.....is wonderng why do people open their mouth without thinkng???
I would like to say I'm shocked by what happened at OSU but unfortunately, my fave game is full of corruption.
": Lol, don't go there! You know what I mean!! " === Yea I know what you mean but what can I say I'm a Wild Boy
Witnessing your best friend unable to breathe from the pain in the immediate aftermath of her year long relationship is...blood curdling.
Taking a weakness and turning it into an area of improvement - empl are looking for a candidate that is self aware of themselves
they are great... Baby is kicking during the day now and jr is crazier than ever... Lol
aww :( are they a close friend? But no, it's not haha Are you sure you're not getting the flu or anything? :/
RT: “ When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.””
Holy moly, we museum wonks are SO right brained.
I just hope that this isn't how Mariano Rivera's career ends. That would just be so unfair.
You take away the pain and I thank you for that..
Stop asking why? To every little thing, take a second.
I want someone to keep an obscure number
RT fuckin lit hearing some beats shipped me
I want stickers.
Any chance holmgren comes back to gb to coach? Need him back
2 more months to go xD
also,,,listening to the lyrics i realized that it's describing everything that i had just gone through in the past week..
He looked like he was crying. Or maybe he was pissed he was in the wrong room. RT Nick Nolte doesnt look happy.
Ughh sometimes i feel lileslapping the shit out of my mom n tellin her hey did u forget me u don't only have one damb kid:/!!
hell naw bro. i been gone for a min. ima be back next month
I’ve got a theory that if you give 100 percent all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end.— LARRY BIRD
Today's #vinyl buys: Madness: Tomorrow's Just Another Day 12" (Stiff), Bo Diddley: His Greatest Sides, Vol.1 (Chess)...
It's been so long since I heard your voice live<3 Love you Austin! #SaySomethin is AMAZING! Just like you ;)
Haha RT : I swear I get more jailhouse letters than attorneys.
but his wife is so hot! #ijs RT : Duhon is trash 😒😒😒
Hope you're having a FANTASTIC Tuesday! Thanks for the RT
#OETC12 If you are not in the MASH lab, You are not using Technology! Come upstairs!
Today's going to be a great day!!!
What does dad want for Fathers Day? The house windows, screens, driveway and garage floor cleaned. Fathers Day deal vegaspressurewashing.com
watching you on Rachel vs Guy and you look 1000x better with no makeup
NO! I play my music loud and you cant do anything about it! >:P
FIRST USTREAM broadcast is tonight. this is gonna be a great show. DON'T MISS IT
"YOUR NOT #WINNING UNLESS U CAN WIN WHEN NO 1's LOOKING"
Woke up this morning and all I can think about was you!
I need to start packing. I hate packing. Urg
have a safe trip back. really good meeting you. send me ur contact info when u get a chance: strick @ djstrickbiz.com.
Obama 2012! Let the man finish what he started! Fuck the ignorant haters!
History is written by the victors. Winston Churchill
no we had a problem so I m not in my town
Sitting at Anthony's in Paia sipping on a iced cold chai and eating their delicious seasonal pumpkin chocolate chip muffin.
Woohoo! RT : Playing in Seattle tonight at the , all ages!
Anyone know if #archiviststoolkit allows you to do an OAI-PMH harvest?
I don't think ideas are very valuable in themselves. It's only in doing an idea that you learn anything - Mark Allen
He's a beast
Santorum endorses #Romney. Leaves Ron Paul as last holdout against #RINO Mitt. Why am I not surprised? Because men of principle stand alone!
Oh, bummer. We'll make sure we have some next time you swing down our way... In the meantime hope you enjoy this sunshine!
" good, it had a nice orange tint to it when we got here"
goo point TeensDistrict and thats why i follow u. u have great information and points
I just remembered today's May Day at WAC. Oh man.
I'm all about trying new things in the bedroom, but eye contact is where I draw the line
JULIE WE COULD START A TEAM (;
If it is Filner in November, suspect he'll have Krvaric to thank.
I bet that the football game between the Eagles and Washington will actually be a good game. Eagles will prevail 21-10
i have measured out my coffee with qdoba spoons
I agree!
A dream is a wish your heart makes..
Guess not so much of a rookie as you thought :-)
And we're back! Our provider contacted us and has indicated that there should be no further issues. Thanks for your patience!
I've been here now about 6 months. I love it and I can get East or West Coast easily. Getting my accent.
If Rondo's master plan was to show his worth to the Celtics, missing tonight's game has done that.
Twitter friends, a good friend of my wife and I lost their son who was a Marine serving in Afghanistan prayers needed please. God bless.
It's it wrong to hope Facebook shares are trading at $3.80/ share by 3PM?
congrats on setting the NFL Primetan league record last weekend. Next time, don't listen to
Could go either way. P needs work on defense RT : did you see mayweather call out pacman?! who ya got in that fight?
I Know Where Im Not Welcome .... So Dint Worry About Me ... :-)
2 worksheets but they were really hard
just started playing and the night of epicness has begun!
“Music is harmony, harmony is perfection, perfection is our dream, and our dream is heaven” (Henri Frederic Amiel)
a guy im friends with decides to hold my hand during class im soo confused right now
When I text someone and they dont text me back, I automatically assume that they fainted of excitement. ;)
hope you had a magnificent birthday pretty lady!
The Lombardi cast enjoyed the kind words of all the media 2nite at the stadium, gr8t meeting and all others too...
Oh ok Metta!! We see you!
Hey, Last MNH for a while, McFetridge is closing for repairs for a while...it starts at 9 though, you in? Sent you the FB invite.
A good friend can shield you from the storm.
lol you hit a car
Perfect day for the air-conditioner to crap out! #notcool!
There's more to the Chicago tech scene than Groupon / Lefkofsky. Happy to point you to people to talk to.
You heard 'em Forkflyers, get on it. :)
what did David say?
Heading to the TWC cruise in the Bahamas.
Chicks with pigtails >>>> every dude has a school girl fetish. Its whether or not they should share it with the world.
“: Treat me as a joke and I'll leave you like it's fucking funny.”
Had a dream last night about fighting over a cab. I won though 😝
Kodak is preparing to file bankruptcy. Story developing...
The Son of Man will send forth his angels, and they will collect out of his Kingdom all the things that cause people to sin
I don't lust for sugar, sloth... ;)
how are you using Intelligence Squared? As a model for debate?
I'm totally checking my bags. Can't deal with my body/skin libations being snatched up by the man.
we are terrible at averaging. Really incompetent at it.
funny how the little things can completely ruin your day
Thanks (David) for the sweet Brazilian mate tea on Wednesday night. Good way to kick start a Friday !
All the #dwts semi- finals are amazing Can they all win?
Big time.
The dimensions at North Campus Field in LaCrosse are ridiculously short. 355 to left center. #lolwhat?
THX for following me !
Of course, we love all things wedding related :-) Glad to connect with you.
thank you for the great feedback last night!
Giving thanks for seasoned innocence. #ForReal :)
Chirping #Blackhawks make my day
Global youth service day huge success! Ready for your grads party? Call us!
Webcast from Educause: Reaching and Engaging Today's Learners starting. Part of the Educause Top Teaching and Learning Challenges 2009 prjt
Parent-hating blanket statements = unfollow. Mom knows labor best.
2chainz is where its at
how was your day? and anyone else who reads this
so right!
be there at 8.
I will probably nap after running around. Now that Danny is back to work, I got me time...ha
#ICantDateSomeoneThat judge other people
Second Kastles Giveaway: Retweet for chance to play in VIP clinic Thurs 10 am w/ & at ! Winner drawn 5 pm today
Daylight Saving Time this weekend, guys! Don't forget. No one wants to be late to work on Monday morning...
I can feel all the spirits here.
Mention do317 at fantasy bowl ten for free admission with grandmaster flash tonight after ten
hey, ur sitting next to me
Also made pumpkin chocolate chip cookies. Don't worry work friends, I will bring some in tonight to share.
ikr ... like what the heck ?! hangout soon .
needs to not waste time when he shorts but all in all good game lucas was still mad about lebron jumping over him
"By Love and Art Scarred" just won the award for First Film North America at The Heart of England International Film Festival!
Guess ill eat more of my delicious spaghetti I cooked today.
Lol He will! RT : Hey me and REALLY REALLY REALLY need you to win!!!!
My motivation to get out of bed right now is nonexistent.
thanks so much for reading!
safe travels back to the
of course not! :)
PETE is the #1 plastic. Never date him again! at
Wow ! Tell it like it is!
More and more good ideas from the PCI team this weekend! Looking forward to sharing them with you all soon
I didn't realize I was following Mike Murphy, but I do know through Facebook, that he owns and operates Mike & Molly's bar in Cham.
cause I like to say that word OH OH OH OH HI
Just give it a rest please just move on with ur life this is so immature and annoying its over with we are over with not even friends let's
I normally get my werk out when I forget my car 60 blocks downtown and then have to walk to find it... hungover!
August Wilson Center & The Shyne Awards Talent Showcase is today! Doors 6:30P. Watch while teens compete for $500! Special Guests:"SCR"
Alas, no. Sounds fun, though!
So much for bloodys. Been waiting on the runway for an hour. Man people get restless quick.
On Thursday we are so going to get 2,800 followers! LOVE U GUYS #GOODNIGHT <3
thx for the follow Chris
“: I'm down to 477 friends on Facebook and it feels great. I've shed about 65 people in the past week.” + 1
board of supervisors meeting tonight.
Getting Famous Singers Without Make-up | makeup vanity stool tip
could you hire refs who know at least a little about the game? Just talk it over in the offseason yeah?
#Naptown on da brink RT : Bitch its hcp! Rip dj screw!!! #TATTED n BLOOD !!!
honestly that shouldn't be true. And if it was somebodies cut from the team, come back I'll buy you a beer
I love also, his videos are always awesome and he's pretty damn attractive :D
I just got One Request Baby....Stop Breathin.
Wanna find someone to blame look in the mirror
my harsh, yet realistic assessment of the Cubs establishment, I am willing to go to Wrigley for a "game". You in?
#SFFD should be on Twitter.
Hey thanks for the follow! Viva QR codes!
RT : Coachella is starting to sound like such a nightmare. Or maybe I'm just old. I'm okay w just being old.
Commonwealth Academy enjoyed hosting the Independent Small Schools Athletic Conference finals @ the Charles Houston Rec Center in Alexandria
Highland with some sexys in a bit
editing pictures for #candybuyback. bet kids are excited to see them but will show them later.
I work w/ a diverse cmnty in Baltimore, so very helpful info at your Fri pm presentation on New Americans Program. Gracias!
would love a shirt to do my part to spread the word!
i keep reading this email like its not real.
thanks man!!
Mind = blown.
Glad to do it, baller. Don't make and me take you & the Wednesday boys on in a little baseball comp.
Thank you so much, Elizabeth!! Sounds like that should be a conference!! :) xoxo
* going to sleep now.!.
Butterflies are beautiful. Therefore, Jimmy called beautiful. Hahaha #Idol ;)
My favorite ice cream ; mint cookies & cream 💚
I'll be live-blogging the Blazer game tonight for the Follow along for a steady stream of Raymond Felton fat jokes.
CCTV meeting at a rendering facility. Smells delicious...
Thanks for the props! I'm here if you have any questions or feedback... we LOVE feedback :-)
Happy New Year's Eve! Celebrate safely and we'll see you at Acme Hotdogs on Tuesday, January 10th!!!
tweetgrid never works right for me, i think bc i use a netbook, doesnt show up right on the screen :(
it worked for me? Lol
I think we should put together the goodknews mixtape. I got a hot 16 bars son.
Ridiculous overturn of the TD.
SF TIP: Thursday after Quijerema catch Gary Flores Steady gig for tight Flores group and parade of guests. Great hang!
Moms sent me home with some Halloween-edition Oreos yesterday. Yes. Halloween. They still go hard though...lol
Pink Floyd vs. The Beatles: Who do YOU think was better? Or is old “classic rock” music dead and should stay buried?
No team has cut down the nets at the end of the season with the winning streak the Cats were taking into the tourney since IU's undefeated
hi... those are some of my favorites too :)
Shouldnt Of Had That Garbage Plate Ma Dude
No, don,t
#NFL Draft!
Managed to avoid the pouring rain. Was feeling smug until I accidentally dumped an entire mug of hot tea in my lap
Please...please #MLB don't have the All-star game at Citi-Field next year...place doesnt deserve it!!
Why do we want Anchorman 2? Look what Anchorman did to Will Ferrell's movies since...
See I have to disagree. Do you follow national politics…? Its ALL nonsense.
#wordswithfriends says "Jesus" is not an acceptable word. That's funny cause I use it all the time.
I am so glad there is only one more 21st b'day this year...and it's not until October. This hangover should be gone by then. Oi
THat should be 330 N Howard Street at 2 pm. Come help spread the LOVE
thanks! Glad you liked it.
Guy in a bathroom stall just answered his phone with "Now what?" Still on the can, he's yelling a string of four-letter words.
As we all face stresses & difficulties I find this quote most relevant, "The challenges do not build character, they reveal character".
You know what really grinds my gears... when you buy a large soft drink and they fill it up halfway with ice. Real cool Tim Hortons.
Hopefully all this #tacobell will improve my performance in the match today.
whats the video!?
Yea watever we a see
Are you looking forward to a very special Valentine's Day?
Naps on rainy days are the best
what up SG? What's good my dude? My email is
Good luck - not that you need it. But does not cost anything to wish you the very Best
Thank YOU! Also one of my faves is The Good Sisters and that has a special screening on line this Friday night with us!
#archives The Benefits of Motivational Scholarships FUEL is excited to announce a new blog series that will feature frequent updates from
Blaring Sandwitches in my room with the door closed -Damien Wolfe
Lazing around knitting and watching the redwings game.
Yo its judgment day.....ima pass this eoc with atleast a C
I guess i'm a nobody .
um I don't even know who this is...that profile pic doesn't look familiar! Lol
Don't say you love me if you're not gonna stay.
tough time staying focused today: archiving stuff, ILS, Room Reserves, ILS, squirrel!
THE NEXT 4 PEOPLE TO FOLLOW GET THEIR NAME SENT TO JUSTIN AUSTIN ALEX ROBERT AND CODY! RT WHEN U DID
"Siri, ask this girl out. Take her on a date. Bring her back to the house and get her clothes off. Call me when she's ready.
Cool thanks for the link!
No problem
ha yep. Happy to have both. Guess I kinda hope I book the 20 yr old one tho...
Envision You – Rediscover the Original Identity the Creator had in mind for you.
Dont be sad so many people love and care about you
Good morning everybody ♥
That's horrible!
#shoutout to my friends in Philippines, Colombia, South Africa, Netherlands, UAE, India, Indonesia, and Iceland.
no idea dude.. this immigration system sucks :(
Heard Knight at ISTE in Denver. Good stuff!
I think I need a Thereapy Session of I need the print out to help my disk go back in cause' this sucks ass :-(
Type A personality?
dude what the F u talking about?
glad I could help.
dong think its crazy
Don't think I can handle any more of the Manning/Smith/Tebow soap opera. , wake me when it's over.
Bouta throw down w/ my baby mama & make snow crab legs & skrimppp ☺👍
Thanks for the RT !: MarketingBtoB: RT : #socialmedia tweeps read this! Seeking the Next Start-Up Hit ...
do you have the link to it?
Man. C'mon Blackhawks! Get it together. Need a win now
Just did my first sake bomb...I set it up myself...and I rocked it!
Biology is boring.
Funny Insult: Do you want people to accept you as you are or do you want them to like you?
HUGE night tonight for & on #DWTS. #PackerNation, we need to come up BIG for DD.
Filming in the middle of the woods, pretty spooky here.
No huddle
idk but I'm just happy I woke up. Otherwise I woulda missed the end of the Caps/Bruins game.
Anyone awake on twitter!?
"well, I keep trying to die but they won't let me" "well, you can't have everything"
You know it's a bad day when you jump out of bed and miss the floor!
That way i can save space and money
Radelet: "People tend to look at the rates of Real Income that have not changed much since the 1960. But these is very clear changes."
RT : Tangerine Porter | It's here | Taste test results: approved. | Tapping Thursday @ the brewery. | 4 pm
on chill mode in a (sexy voice)
congrats on the 50k likes on Fb!!! Love you guys! Keep up the excellent work!! =D
why would you laugh?! That dick is near perfection.
shut up lol
Eating during tonight's #FearFactor was not smart....
I've found it easy to add folks to a circle who I did not know personally but who seem to have similar interests, e.g. eduMOOC
We are currently putting together themed collections of our best-selling EDU films with PPR and/or DSL. Anything you want to see included?
okay now byr
Not upset at all. Happy Friday. :)
5/14-For the 10:30 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Lenny Marcus
When reading becomes a necessity, reality sets in to unlearn and investigate how to become great again. When color is not a issue!
LTFU.!!!! The role model to all of us ghetto boyz with hollywood dreams WE ARE THE FUTURE!!!! #We are problemgang
Thx for the folla' back bro! Lookin' forward to Sunday.
Love you 🐧🐧🐧! Thank you for another thrilling ride this season. But right about now it's all about the #KNICKS!!! NYK ALL DAY EVERYDAY!!!
Hang in there.
If I fall asleep texting you, its because I didnt want to say goodbye
2012 is gunna be 's year ! He is such an inspiration and he is very talented :) I love you Cody ! <3
will you be accepting friend requests on TOR? If so, I would really like to add you.
OK so then I guess I'm nuttin 2 u?
Stop That i will
just checked the scores for the game. I guess MWP didn't bring his game to OKC. Must've left it in QueensBridge!
DVD: Beginners (2010)
Bon Iver is a product of Wisconsin, people. Get on board. Eau Claire FTW!
never realized how rude could be! Worst brother award
Welcome new followers hope to see you all soon
Fan of soccer aye? Which stages/leagues do you follow?
"Almost always, the creative dedicated minority has made the world better." - Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr.
In about 5 years, Mitt Romney will say any president would have supported gay marriage.
Unexpected trip to the mechanic. Thankful for friends who are mechanically inclined!
We are having another Madison showing & a MKE showing inMay and possibly Chippewa Fls.. Details very soon! No DVD yet.
same here thanks to #livegive and always nice making friends!
If your on instagram follow me I follow back ASAP
Time to get retwisted :)
AH! thats so cool! haha can you dm me your number? i got that text ting for my ipod!
I get mixed up with
I'm going to be in London for a month. What should I go see and do?
The average American eats 150lbs of SUGAR a year!!!! Try substituting w/ fresh fruit (raisin, dates, honey, maple, xylitol, stevia).
are you serious...
Crazy I seen today after a long ass time
Managing Twitter wall at #techatstate Serious Games - tons of interaction and lots of energy today!
No can do. Will be out of town. Have fun!
Packing up my photo gear for the Harvest Day today. Free portraits by staff today- be sure to stop by!
So says Ted and I bet they chatted about avoiding the appearance of threatening PBO in future.
getting all slippy yet its right in the morning.can i pull thru the day,i wonder
Happiness is, when it's Friday and you get to leave 1.5 hour early than usual time. Happy weekend!
#ff : dynamic web designer; : innovative librarian; : talented community organizer
God is awesome
Raw Silks also a favorite of mine, but some clients don't like the way they look printed
Taking a nap! I'm stupid tired right now.
Seeing Bob Dylan live would be such a people watching spectacle... love it!
Not all men are annoying. Some are dead.
Hide yo wife, hide yo keedz...RT“: Uh oh just showed up...”
work now. Work tomorrow at 4. Meet tonight around 1?
Prepping for Pittsburgh business trip mid-week to instruct continuing education for insurance agents.
Mac people: is it time for me to upgrade from Leopard? Haven't felt the need, but most new software requires at least Snow Leopard...
“: Let's all get drunk tonight” yaap
the "baddest bitch" is trina. who's the "illest bitch alive"?
He Better Leave Me Alone Lbs
Don't see you, can you message me por favor
yay for working heat!!! i froze my rear off today
Battle for my saturday couch goes to freddy garcia. Beat out derrick rose. I see you Freddy.
Just standing in one period room and explaining the furnishings. A lot like a regular tour - must be a pricey wedding extra!
As some of you may know, I have a contract position at company in Norcross as a QA Analyst. The contract ends next Friday, job hunting I am.
don't be mad when I email you saying that.
Unfortunately, we do not.
Technically, no, as long as you're on a public property.
Nats win it in the bottom of the 11th over the Phillies!
What about when you use it as your spell check?
hey what's good with u
moving back to NM in May. Do you know if they are still casting for 'The Avengers'? Who is casting it? Glad I found you on here.
you already know.
No class=hittin the gym early
Nice work boys. Still love you.
ok then im not coming over gay boy
Today get a free medeium drink with any order of a Bacon Guac Burger
i feel great today !!!
You're so cool if you can't wait to get drunk after PROM.
ugh. I hope you feel better soon!
Watching scream 4 is really leading me to believe there's someone in my house right now
It's only Wednesday and I'm exhausted. I think I'm spending my birthday doing nothing since it's been so crazy last few days.
I guess my talk isn't going to write itself. That's what I'll be doing today!
Canoe Boy Terence is in Gables - in by 6PM
Why did the Patriots not pounce on Lloyd right away? It's a perfect fit and he is offering a discount to them.
now that funny
Done. I'll bring a gift to make it less awkward. : It's a bday party for a friend but we'd like it to be hoppin'.
Gullable and systematic are beings i walk among
I completely agree.
You're 29.. Please stop poking me on Facebook.
Great form, man. I can tell that shot went in.
Great weather here when you land!!!
hey guys just wanna say thx 4 following #teamfollowback :D
I love There's never any beating around the bush or sugar coating a situation. She's just honest <3
'twas you who informed me that it's dang near impossible to get kids to pose for ya :-)
Thinking about getting a Blendini from Rita's.
#dragrace Sharon Needles, obviously.
THANKYOU to for voting YES "We are stronger together than we are apart."
Thanks for the mention! ^NE
Time to straighten mah hair.
Life is god.
Looking for contact infomation for my Doctor!!!! - Elizabeth Russo-Stringer - Best Dr. I've had of any specialty. Please private message me!
Don't forget - drinks + food at the country club this evening in the tavern. it's the #weekend cc:
Just watched #TheVow for the first time absolutely loved it although I felt so bad for Leo, not to worry I love you Channing!❤❤❤
it Is pretty rad, right?!
Interested in the Aurora Chamber? Join me for a FREE lunch to find out March 14th from 11:30-1pm at Doogan's of Aurora. Let me know:)
Every argument needs a base in which to start. If you do not find the (by 'the' I mean every) dictionary to b such a basis ...
I want to move back to the WC just for the celebratory In-N-Out visits...Yay for the last paper of the quarter!
cant wait til Jan issue RT : you should put Austin in your magazine ;)
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!6
with Ced! Lol I didn't see you. Next weekend!
Use Twitter to collect fans and new friends.
The rudeness seems ironic... RT Trying not to get aggro as people cut the line to see the Dalai Lama. Deep breaths.
I don't mind spending everyday out on your corner in the pouring rain
I love when people prank call you and pretend to be carter and say things about lilly, really funny. #not!
followed her
no I'm not what baby?
And the Best Supporting Actress award goes to Mo' Nique for Precious...
Any and all social graces go out the window when a bug flies into my hair....
I will b n like 2 weeks...lol
“: Happy Easter from my cats to yours. 🐱🐰 #singlegirlproblems #easter” HAHAHA
“: thanks for following :)!” Sure thing!:)
I still am missy !!!!
so terrifying that I don't have any idea what it actually is....
Local digest: US crew includes Cal graduate Zach Vlahos, Stanford's Jake Cornelius - San Jose Mercury News
how are the same people who *created* a record budget deficit suddenly the *heroes* who will save us from big government spending?!
Birthday dinner with my loves tonight!! 🎉🎈🎂
Im so jealous of u right now lol
Mayor Cory Booker is a true HERO!
The writers of Family Guy are clearly always drunk or high
Team finishing custom client/engineer login & relationship mgmnt tool integrated w/ custom secure file & blog mgmnt tool w/ logging!
is he a CSI fan, too?
back at the for 2012 planning with productions and
“: I make food... Im too lazy to eat it now :c” give it to me! :D
It's basketball season.....so where are you????????
Add her twitter name so she know it's real
Time for some Mad Men!
Danny, think a good idea. Done in Asia. Someone on bike/scooter comes to ur car & drives car/u home. Very popular.
Talking about the power of crowdsourcing on Twitter. (That's how this conference got pulled together, btw)
Thank you for following.
who play first?
Camos Brothers Pizza is NO longer associated with Fuhgeddaboudit Pizza in Cary or Fuhgeddaboudit Pizza LLC
so you wish you were a girl...? (;
you wish you were baller.
< bring me a blondie I gotcha..
Crushed under a deluge of document boxes/ The relics of time surround me/ When I am found in 50 years time, will they catalogue my remains?
And we're back. That's right - networks don't rest on the weekend, and neither do we! More updates from #annconf to follow!
No I hadn't seen that - thanks so much for sharing! Wonderful way to start the year :) Happy new year to you!
I know I didn't pass.
So I am trying to figure out what song to have play for my star wars video. Really don't want to use copyrighted stuff anyone got any ideas?
Believe in something big. Your life is worth a noble motive. -Walter Anderson
I Just Saw 'Olivia' Youll Love It (Grey Whit & Navy). Ask For It When You Walk In At 56 St & 5th Ave.
i love afternoon naps mm
Man... I thought getting away from twitter would save me from dying of laughter. Stephen Colbert didn't help at all. lol
One of my goals today was to make you laugh. I hope I did, but in case I didn't, here's this: Two guys walk into a bar. The third guy ducks.
I am!
How fickle my heart and how woozy my eyes, I struggle to find any truth in your lies.
lol I know right.
