Met Nancy Wilson (jazz Nancy W.) this weekend and watched her show . What a beautiful talented lady.
Hey Mike, whats up?I'm gonna come see you next time your in Miami playing the the Panthers. Been a long time,hope your doing well.
#maddow says she thinks Romney will pick Paul Ryan as his VP running mate
Love it! Thats the best episode!
Do any of you use twitter? If so we would love to follow you! Tell us your twitter name. We are "InfinitiDenver".
"Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think." - Dale Carnegie
Hotel Foster, Bryant's and Palm Tavern.
One Direction Stole Our Hearts & they'll do it again with the #MORETHANTHIS music video (;
Candidates used to stay in the primary race just long enough to win their home state-now they dropout before to not be embarrassed. Ron Paul
last night's episode was great. Loved the soviet bar w/ bad service and communist speeches.
I've been through a lot, but I'm proud to say I still keep my head held high.(:
#sorry there can only be one me :p
. i would think the far right would want them to get married. No married dude ever gets head or anal.
even though I can bullshit 4 pages like no one's business, it doesn't mean I WANT to do it right now.
Would the Charlotte Bobcats be a top 25 team in the NCAA??
Im here and it f**king cold
hey babe
Good morning, Kevin ! :)
Watching The Hangover never gets old.
I want some soul food.
come over next week and cut my hair!
Watching the first episode of Ken Burn's National Parks with my son Sam.
and Google blows up with
Oh hey, I was referring a private/closed group - we have been meeting wkly for 2 yrs. - maybe you should start your own?
Apparently I'm 85-roasted beets for dinner and 10:30 pm Friday night bed time. Thank god I enjoyed my youth.
:D MT : New plan. Finish downloading 's section of kickstarter vid, edit it , upload it @ church.
just tel him. They really are miserable
Nice! I cant skate tranny at all haha.
Today has just not been a good day between us! :/ : I know!
guess I'll play some mass effect 3. Night, fellas.
Break a leg, !
I can't change my name thing that says neversaymichelle though (x
Its a rock n roll show. There was rock there was roll and that's all you need.
Hi! I enjoy your service, but I've heard reports from my contacts that you're spamming them. Is this standard practice?
I'm upset, I need someone to talk too.
Oh, I know. The story I wrote at the time gets into all of that...
Tonight the only place to bring in 2012 is at the club voted #1 Best Dance Club & #1 Best New Club!! The party is on tonight !
not saved
Dude, patent litigation. RT i've made three Black Swan references today and it's only 12:33.
we feel your pain....but "Games" are going to be so good!
I live like 20 mins away from the place where he was! aekughwoifhwoeHFKJSNHHSOGHohwr PISSED. BEYOND PISSED.
follow back ! s w a g
Bad behavior is calling my name...should I answer?
cant believe we knoww who nicks gf is !
Holiday Coverage - yes please! More companies are using contractors/temps to cover holidays instead of perm staff. Lower costs and higher r…
nothing is going on with me I'm just being me
He's sexy and he follows back! So follow him now!! (:
13 hours of sleep later
have a blessed day, filled with rational decisions and productivity ;)
": An average teenager spends more time on Facebook in 1 week than they'll spend with a doctor in the next 18 yrs."
Glad to host! RT : #thinkndrink is walkable for some of you tonight -- and I know who you are. See ya at
Jessica just be honest it was about us everyone knows it. just tell me and I won't be mad about it
Oh gosh, overwhelmed #whiskyfestchi. Have to say it....so many great whiskies.. such little time. & local spirits too!!'
Unlike gold which is just an appreciate play, real estate is the only hard asset that cash flows
Of course! Along with Hanno Mottola (sp.?), he was the essential element in those great Ute teams of the late '90s.
I wish school went by as fast as this vacation did
a deep breath in through the nose and let it out through the nose. It's a work in progress. Thanks for a great night. Xo
We should never discourage young people from dreaming dreams
got it
I have to work today so I'm missing church. Listened 2 podcast and was almost moved to tears on the bus! Thank you 4 ur heart
Booked a long weekend of camping in Yosemite for our 7th wedding anniversary. Couldn't be more excited.
Isn't that funny how we see poker players everywhere, even in our dreams. hehe
Psst...want a Riopelle? Feds selling off priciest works of art to save cash
I can't think of anything better.
You can be anyone you want to be, which is basically yourself. Just sayin...
m thinking identical lol sorry Hahaha
might take the whole "get your ass out of bed" a little too seriously tomorrow morning. =) maybe it'll motivate me!
I didn't think anyone would notice lol
“: I'm excited to announce i will remain a Pittsburgh Steeler next yr! Signed my contract this morning!” let's go!! LEGURSKY!!!!
I care, Bacca
May the Fourth Be with You!
nope. next week. he's in the audience
It's Friday! What adventures do you have planned this weekend?
This is just the attitude that won the middle name "fun killer."
Our Mobile Adoption Unit will be at Triangle Grocery from 10-2 today! 12165 N Hwy 14, Cedar Crest, NM 87008
Morning Freaks!!
ok...if you figured it out, you have to share...
I hate it when theres not enough dinner left to take with you but too much to eat now. Damn you
it sure was...isn't that great! and it's an affordable camera, too. #ohthepossiblities!
Feeling better for getting it out of me; now I need to sleep as soon as my brain lets me.
Retweet my tweet: #beatcancer and #paypal donates 5 cents to cancer research.
I wish he knew how hard I was trying.
“: I had mixed vegetable curry last night via So good” thank you!
FUN FACT: St. Drunken invented the pick up line: "Ye shalt refraine fromme discourse with a younge maiden if thou have not a goode opener."
“: DUDE She Just called you blind! OH HELL NO! Where is she?!” um..that's me?(;
IF YOU NEVER HEARD THE SONG HERE IT IS NEW POP SINGLE VIDEO SHOOT TONIGHT AT CLUB NIGHT MOVES !!!!!!!!!!!
Thanksgiving Break Is So Close!!!
Well if lived in Calif I would take ya lol cam u wait like 5 days so I can make it up there lol
I love cinnamon flavored things.
text me i miss you!
can't do it no more lol
A2: That people in recovery become even better people than ever been before!
The most creative act you will ever undertake is the act of creating yourself.
atleast now I am officially an organ donor! That makes me feel good!
Electric Avenue
It's never too early to go to bed!
RT "the fray at the palace. #pumped" Have fun tonight, Sarah! Should be a great show!
FC: I consider myself an every down guy. I can play the run and rush the passer in the Wide 9.
Driving down to #Clemson to see graduate today! So proud, so excited :)
Wow! Volume licensing vouchers arrived in less than one day! WooHoo!
Just read through some of the past conversations with and its safe to say I'm dying on the floor!!
You know your old when you bitch about missing 60 minutes
“Shh.. Do you hear that?” “What? I heard nothing.” “Exactly, it’s the sound of no one caring.”
Celtics dominated tonight
The best teacher is one who suggests rather than dogmatizes and inspires his listener with the wish to teach himself. - Edward Bulwer-Lytton
They told me never fall in love, It never works out in your favor. You way too young and right now that's just human nature.
Nola: Instead of putting out a fire, just pray for rain! We'll wait for weather to be on our side. Cause that worked out well in the past...
#Galtung thinks #OWS should form agricultural cooperatives all over the US to grow organic food.
Might do some tweet action covering the speakers...but then again I think I am only one in the room that doesn't remember the cold war...
Thankyou Lord for this another day :)
On the flip side, it won't matter much. If he's good, he's good. If Pats thought Brady was that good, wouldn't have gone 199.
Anything on adult swim after family guy or american dad zones me out to the point where i dont even change the channel ¯\(ツ)/¯
was in a temporary location and moving to a live/work space same location tho
the kardashians can get black guys cause they got some booty ;) lol
As a coach I'm finding more and more women who are struggling with this issue
Steve Blake looks just like Alex Smith
I hear a lot of G rap in your flow, as well. Thought I'd throw that in there.
You r gonna have to use your superhero powers to create this super-culture. That is a graphic novel I would like to see.
Put ma heart n soul in this game im feelin drained...
We want to welcome all of our new fans tonight from Funny Pics. You guys are the best!!! Love your page..
I really appreciate being CCed on all these tweets!
What'd u think of the Xmas episode? I feel it was lame & unnecessary & wrapped things up so they don't even need a 3rd season.
Why isn't computer-based learning taking advantage of student learning paths and preferences? Too hard, too time consuming? Why?
haha true that!
RT : 3 lucky winners for tickets to All Stars: #FieldRecordings: , and
Just saw a woman really going to town on the free cheese at grocery store. It's a sample people not a subsidy.
Haha. I see him often. You're just around the corner from me. How long are you in NYC?
Azure best of the best
Same here! Love meeting social media peeps IRL. See you at Wordcamp next weekend!
will be working on marketing ecolodge to be built there and creating tours. Also on my own Boomer marketing biz.
I sure don't miss my blackberry at all. go iphone.
Does anyone know if we have to have a ticketmaster account to buy tickets?
Shwayze performing at the Independent tomorrow at 8pm
kk so will i but if they say yes they r probaly going to take their girlfriends too
is in the finale!! I love this guy!!
how did you do that? did you break it during sex? like wtf happened? your man needs to cater to your ass now lol
Great! Let me know if you have any questions
Everything is swell my beloved, thanks for asking!
I was not a Video Vixen, Julie. I was 10. LOL
andre miller is a bum...
good one!!
": has anybody been hinting around the office about me" I think you need a couple wins at 265 or less first.
Camp update: DL Ben Garland is back with the Broncos after being granted an early release from his Air Force tour of duty!
OMG, me and my friend saw this couple making out, then she record it. Hahah.
It's good to hear JC, I am hearing about lots to career moves that happened on Talkbiznow.com, it's makes us all happy - recession huh?
Wish I knew a radio station that would play Radio Song
Yeah, but there's always something. We have to have it leveled before we can even buy it. 15k or so jut for that.
lol! It looks like it started two weeks ago.. How I missed it I don't know!
let's hope not(;
Xmas Tweets: Sister-in-law upset she didn't make it on the Xmas Tweets yet. I got news for her. I never will mention Betsy on one of these!
u havnt seen that episode of family guy when Michael Jackson starts shooting himself in the balls on stage?
Why vanilla ice cream white when vanilla extract is is brown?
“ I keep in touch wit all my real niggas so if you ain't heard from me ....Its been trill nigga”
Dexter is for homos and housewives pussy!
Hey , and we appreciate the RTs/MTs!
Does anyone know what to do when your crush is dating the weirdest girl in school and your much more prettier than her?
Mazol Tov Garret Jones on hitting your first HR of the season today. You are the #Jonez of the day.
will do. Twitter makes me so much more efficient.
Ranganathan Rule 4 in #Library Science. "Save the time of the reader." We need you now!
Whoa, the dean from Community just won an Oscar.
Congratulations to each and every one of the over 1,300 students who have had or will have degrees conferred, today, at #ETSU!
- sounds good.
mine or yours?
Deady Middle School Marching Band-Houston Directed by Galan Malone Selected to The 4Th Annual MLK Day Youth Parade-Houston Call 713-953-1633
after that rosenburg body.... O-red is a problem.... Verb needs this though so we shall see.
The wind just had sex with my room and I loved every bit of it ;)
Right back at ya! Have a great Friday!
Happy Mothers Day!! 🌹❤
I emailed you some info get at me when you get a chance
We are gearing up for a group-wide tent sale...starting May 14! Stay tuned for more details!
Chet Millard: I never imagined when I came home from Afghanistan I would find myself on front lines of a fight for freedom in WI.
This white woman smells like a box of Crayons
is on the way to a casting for a video which will hopefully go viral
I am fully on board w/that plan!! I met the 50 Shades author at a book signing last week. Good times!
Boston Celtics had a Ryan Hollins, Keyon Dooling, Avery Bradley & Marquis Daniels + K. Garnett lineup in a playoff game
I voted! I like them all though...good names and great idea to do a survey to help with the naming process.
ME PLEASE I FOLLOWED
To glad my moma buying me groceries today
TckTckTck showing website preview- very visual, nice graphics and links climate change issues together +solutions
Why did the monster come out of the closet?
Really wanna just go home and be by myself
Happy Hour is around the corner! $5 tapas, cocktails & picadas are minutes from embodying your mouth with flavor! Join us from 5pm to 8pm.
hearts and thoughts they fade, fade away...
there's my girl!!!
its only dope if u pull off the 1st time u fuck a random bad bitch..u feel certified
Told myself I was going to study for Thursday's test after CCWA. Got home and went through interwebs
Reminds me of kazanjian's point about how social movement genealogies of our archives and methodologies-are effaced.
This love is a sure thing....
Better regret for what you didn't do than for what you did....
If #lbj misses that ft he's not clutch right getthefckoutofhere
I'm going to meet my next victim at sports club...
We have the answer for your dinner dillemma! Burgers+ Shakes, dine in, take out, or order online w/
Happy Hour starts in 10 min! $5 glasses of wine, $5 cheese platters and $5 charcuterie platters from 5-8 pm!
haha! There are already plans!? If so, I insist we add blackjacks to the itinerary!
Happy #LaborDay weekend! Before you take one more trip, don’t forget about the hard working members of the courtesy patrol keeping you safe!
Building website for the next collection
hahaha love you too Becky :D hey what have we been doing in hales?:o
Great win
Lacrosse is really big out here, proving once again why Midwesterners are smarter than everyone else.
Can't cough, need to Fart, and can only lay on my back as if on my sides the machine alarm sounds off, my eye are so scratchy, GOD Bless
With gasoline draws. I have her handbasket all ready. RT : Man Suzie can go straight to hell.
you're welcome! i mayy see you there!
Happy Mother's Day to my blood older sister Brittany Conn too today : )
Can't beat #Maui but a crystal clear #Seattle day puts up a good fight!
Make way for interactive books - improved reading & learning experience? Or unnecessary side product with pricier extras outside education?
Mic check 1 2 1 2... Press Record and lay it down! At the Tip Jar Studio!
RT : Fun day today wit my broski :D
Horrible to hear about Muamba...
Just landed in NOLA!! A quck lunch date with the daddy and its back home to BR! Feels good!!
Reed Johnson it's been a tough night huhh, Triple A is prob better suited for you let's be serious
Ruiz: acknowledges multiplicity of funding options. Usac has a doc online which offers recommendations and guidance.
I'm fresher than a newborn. And um:I can work you out like a futon. And um:you can leave your birthday suit on
in Calc. Haha. It comes in handy a bit :P
People need to stop telling other people things that aren't true.
RT : Remember: The storm will pass..but the lesson will last.
wonderful blessing to make it another week have a safe weekend people....
good luck with the first day
I'm back in the weather center for Good Day Oregon this morning with the details on our record March rain. See you from 6:00-9:00 AM!
Jam packed meeting; a lot of changes facing higher ed and libraries; possibly some gnashing of teeth (on my own part)
I love to keep score at home have been doing this since I was a kid my dad taught me
AWESOME - HAVE A GREAT EVENT!!!
IS FOLLOWING ME¡¡¡ I CAN'T BELIEVE IT THANK YOU SO MUCH (:
Got my phone sorted out. It was letting me see her profile like it was mine but not letting me tweet from it. #itsallgood :) I fixed it.
RT : To be African American means having the power to forgive.
Don't miss the DJ BATTLE tonight @ Venue of Scottsdale its gonna be huge! Support DeeJay DJR. Headliner DJ JASSY JEFF. 10pm it kicks off ...
Can't wait for some #TribecaFilmFestival!
But there was a funny chat here ystrdy abt Thanksgiving turkey vs steak vs ham. All I'm sayin is, eat what you want.
It's so awkard seeing people from school at stores..
I'm actually thinking of organizing a TEDx for Chautauqua, NY. Any suggestions on how to get started?
check out he knows everything about wordpress
Buying my training shoes in kids sizes because of :)
RT : Shorter Left: Why does Bristol Palin have her own show? I think I'll tweet a frillion times about it!
Women think before you open your mouths
Damn Spurs!! Lost to the bulls
Hmm. A lot on my mind.
DTN Financial: All Whites alright as Italy held to draw: Tournament minnows New Zealand hold champions Italy 1-1 i
Try the Chevy Volt - Presidents don't control gas prices.
If you want to see a future star in golf make sure you check out Patrick Cantlay this week. Sophomore at UCLA.
ill be there in 5. That buffalo is going HAM.
Vanity is my downfall. Oh well at least I look cute A'F! (;
Hamsters can have sex up to 75 times a day. I wanna be a Hamster!!
#ThingsiWantTheMost is for everyone to go follow my boy :)
Eddie did a good job on megaman when it ended i sayed sequel megaman 2 wily escapes prison and creates 2s 8 robot masters
I took some scary doll out of my room last night because it was creeping me out and then woke up with it in my arms. What the...
IN the BUILDING?! #drool RT #Packers WR Jordy Nelson joins in 3 minutes - he'll also be here later today
Look good and feel healthier by including high fiber foods such as bananas into your diet. Learn more at www.touchofwellnessblog.com.
Feelin 50 right now...girls gone wild!
Non thuggery day
Welcome to the chat! #edwaivers is the correct tag.
Did you get my question.
Got an email from saying they miss me since I haven't posted lately. That's customer appreation! Now must think of pithy comments.
lol ohmygod. You're moms cool legit. Idk whenever I meet someone I'm just like ... Silentawe(:
I'm close to the door. Let's meet there at the break for pic for
how is Tom Crean not BT COY?
Hangin' with the Brat-happy for this time.
You prairie folk and your cute nicknames for hoodies. ;-)
RT : She in the basement eating gruel and popping out kids just because the nigga is the son of her favorite artist smh
Up again bout to clean this chicken then clean the bathroom & toss in a mini workout.
America; I've missed you. <3
"I know the sun still shines when you're not around, I'm taking it easy in the worst part of town, and now I find it wasn't mean to last" <3
Somebody should DM mee! About to die of boredomm. :/
Wrong Mary. My bad. You mean the one botox Mary.
Thanks, Sheri! Yes, your Granite Bay group is the best!
Had a great time at #InfoCamp. Kudos to all the organizers!
Hollywood Hills roads are crazy !! Gesh ! ... Varsity Lounge here I come !
Only one by is such a jam
Since you're on twitter right now maybe you'll see this and respond...follow me? I'll make you a cupcake ^-^
": all my brain cells died"lmfao
Fast Company rocks!
Sunday the 10th sounds marvelous.
I will! Soon as I have a chance...
Love this game
You just always make everything my fault. Sometimes it is but you take it too far,everytime. You act like my parent..
Almost feels nice enough to open the patio today! M I can't wait for patio season! Until then....ALL DAY HAPPY HOUR MONDAY IS FANTABULOUS!
Just confirmed with that Ignite founder will visit tomorrow 2 get his ShapeShot 3D face portrait taken, cool!
#BlackParentsQuotes "try me"
kk thanxx girly and don't make that sound weird in ur brain.
Come on man, let a brotha believe!
pump it up Matt!
U know I luv u all back RT: We love you 2nd lady! RT : Give ur input & tweet #PUVRadio Topic: DMV Music Scene RT
oh god me too. It's ruining my plan of going to bed early.
Dubs and trips on a Saturday. Holla atch your boieeee
AT THE MOVIES WITH THE FAM CHIMPANZEE THEN THINK LIKE A MAN UNTIL LATER XOXO
Just got home feelin sick af ! 
#Celtics Putting on a show. Always.
hahaha! Guilty! But I look so cute in it....so at least I've got that going for me :)
be a active tweetlovers
Nahh just have a 4100 that (SOMEHOW) is still chugging away. Was curious was HP said as its replacement. pry 2055 or 3015
Nice! I bought that at City Lights in SF last year during SAA--seemed like the most appropriate Beat book for the Mad Men fan.
My mom said is an idiot because he didn't know who Gabrielle Reece was. I think she was actually offended.
The room is ready...we hope YOU are ready for some fun tonight
You welcome BH !
If I follow you you follow me thats how this is going to work I mean Com'on people 20 follows is shallow DONT U HAVEA HEART =(
B1 Bicycles 6 tips for cyclist in rain and snow: 2. Ride with tires with tread
Hell, my sexyy.
Gone make tany eat his words fasho !
article reads like a joke.. Ur path reaps Huge rewards for all of us... Please keep forging ahead as ur compass dictates...:-)
thats good.... you still go to Deltona?
Too early to be freezing outside the mall right now, come on free gift cards!
#DearOomf IM THE BEST DAMN THING THAT YOUR EYES HAVE EVER SEEN! !
is it my lack of selfesteem?
When a person is ENGAGED to be married is he/she off-limits to be PURSUED by someone else? Why/ Why Not?
oh wow lol!
No Boehner applause for salvaging auto industry; did jump up & flash man-tits when Prez announced repeal of tanning tax.
My goal is to pay everything off and save up some money so I'll have the choice as to whether or not I want to work.
BioNJ to Host First-Ever Life Sciences Industry HR Conference on May 14
Biggest media companies today do not produce their own content (Facebook, Twitter, Google)
Looks like it's official. Oregon's GOP debate has been cancelled. Both Romney and Santorum bailed.
i feel like a looser staying home on a friday night.
I am legit in tears.
I don't really like this movie. But I think the guy who plays Brandon is cute. He's also the guy who plays Justin in The lying games. <3
I can't get over how cute Austin is in that video when he was three!! OMG.
i am a tomboy i hang out with my bro more than my sis i hate highheels and i love Hightops and dude shoes←cool:)
If your avi is not a pic of u, either your ugly or fat! I'm the latter! It should be in ur profile info!
SMASH IT UP
Its game day! Come out tonight at 7:30 to watch your CCDs perform to "Tricky" & "Pause"... Oh & watch the Toros play too :-)
My sister doesn't seem to understand that the new clothes I buy are for ME.
me & Tupac got our Secret place <3
"Don't be scurred, show another part of your life."
Yea it's like 30 minutes from Tampa I went out there a few weeks ago
Congratulations to you both! I know you're both glowing with pride. The sky's the limit :)
that's hilarious! It didn't look like it though!
Sad news about Junior Seau - If brain trauma is determined to be a factor, this could change the game of football as we know it
No, same.
If you were given the chance to come back to Denver would you come?
#upearlytotrain gonna dig deeper than I did yesterday! Insanity pure cardio and cardio abs, let's get it
#TurnToYou is such a cute song I love it it :) <3 it just shows how much Justin loves his mom & how much she means 2 him :D <3 <3
Those are fresh!
Like us on Facebook-Maxi's Little Italy's Finest Bistro
on wordpress and trying to get my novice tech head around it.
The second part makes you look bad ;) but yes, I can't. It's frustrating!
hey! you're welcome! Just trying to get through this friday. feeling pretty sick so hoping to get better. how about you?
OhMyGrande I hate when people brag . It brings me down :/
AM I THE ONLY #Tipsy ONE ON Y'ALL TL???
This weather just makes me wanna drive until I fall into a beach.
Awesome! Glad you like it...thanks!!!
Don't kid yourself. Brevity is not equal to wit here. You'll catch on.
Can anyone produce a training video? Sure -but pros help w/effectiveness, editing, shots & make sure you have a msg w/value added.
I get tired of using the same phone after a while.
aha hey(:
maybe all the people with toughbooks realized you didn't have one so you weren't good enough for them to follow.
I wanna dance like Chris Brown
hahah I lovee you<3 can't wait to go out this weekend & havee funn ;)
MT : I pray for spirit-rooted communities and individuals willing to sacrifice for justice.
good luck tonight! Will b voting no matter what <3
When it comes to tech support, there's nothing more important than customer experience!
Amen! RT : Live your life and forget your age.
Take WordPress to the Next Level
scheduled to work the first weekend in March.
Just had our flat tire changed, and now, we continue our drive to Cincy. Still so thankful for the many blessings in my life.
any of you want a bright little canadian for your #trivianight team?!
Macworld Feature: Avoid Twitter overload
Fat is not bad for you. Low fat is not good for you because they replace all the fat w/sugar.
How do you phrase an "OH" tweet about something that was typed to you?
Nerd Alert: I get a little giddy when I discover a family in what few pages (and blocks) remain of the 1890 DC census.
like sarah Michelle love Hewitt Jessica Parker or whatevertf.
I'm not sure yet :O
Who's already at the ? We will be there in the afternoon spreading disaster info, hosting a jeapordy game, handing out chocolate!
FINALLY found a 4 camera wireless system that "hoops" and is double dispersion, testing now it is working great. We will guarantee operation
If you meant Republican! Welcome to the team!
not as much as I love ur son I wish I could marry him!!! <3
Happy Christmas dear Friends!! :-)
washer and dryer ur cute lol
When we say things like "I can't" , "I don't have the money", ect. We cut off the possibilities of anything great happening to us.
Is there someplace to watch online?
tanks to you too!
We're a game of skill, yet our presentation looks like The Price is Right. To be taken seriously, we must take ourselves seriously.
night guys and happy ICONiversary <3
WW2 vet throws out 1st pitch. Outstanding!!!
Pension protests block Guinea CBG bauxite factory
is still checking out twitter - twitter/facebook/twitter/facebook??? What's a girl to do....
Think I got the trainee cta el driver. Going so slow.
I am Blessed and Thankful for all my 26K followers on Instagram! :D
It’s time for the last event of the weekend, the #TAFP Board of Directors mtg. Leaders will hear reports from all committees & commissions.
I'm tired of this place.
thanks for the #FF love!
MT #Jewish #Disability Awareness Month introduces #JDAM Reads w/ NYT Bestseller "Story of Beautiful Girl"
The Catholic Church has just finished re-translating its missal to more accurately reflect words spoken in the Latin Mass for 1700 years.
thats because I use a online translator..lol..
Congrats to for winning the Johnson City Public Library Poetry Competition!
#Romniacs!! RT Man, for 9:45 on a Wednesday (with no free coffee -- I checked) this crowd is PUMPED for Romney.
": Dear girls, When a boy pauses his video game to text you, marry him. #ihatevideogames #butitmeansalot"
just sent files back
the meats of your labor
hope you will come to Hong Kong soon~~~Hong Kong Enchancers will wait for you!!!<3
Know ur in a better place even know I can't see ya face
My worst nightmare! I'd kick your ass! :)
Gotta get my tweets up smh they lookin kinda slim
One more run and Kentucky fans will blow the roof of this place! Er... Maybe not the best metaphor
Watching enough.. Love this movie
RT Underwhelmed by the Gilt City deal for Upright Citizens Brigade this evening. Sorta funny. But only sorta. // agreed.
what gov interference are you speaking of? Regulations and taxes?
me too, but our students needed financial funding...
Happy Friday! Rock out this weekend!
i'm not sure value per user makes sense with FB's network effect (see: value per advertiser etc)
Okay. I have to study for the GMAT now.
Has anyone you know had their license suspended for non payment of toll bills?
that said us women ARE totally over the man FOOLISHNESS don't they teach little boys how to zip their pants in pre-k?
What plants did you pick up for mom this weekend at the Mother's Day Plant Sale?
There has been no significant increase in global average surface temperature since 1998...we still must steward the EARTH better...agree?
I LOVE THIS SONG-tonight only we run the night
ha definitely meant next year... Clearly I'm excited.
"Doc Rivers is 3-9 in his “first chance” to close out a series as Celtics coach, 6-3 after that" via DM from
#FamousPeopleIWantToMeet THE BEST QURTER BACK EVER. MR. TOM BRADY. MICHIGAN MAN FOR LIFE
hahahahaha oh my gosh..
He has a more like New York style
That I don't know. But it was all the talk during the long delay.
I hate when things don't go exactly how I imagined them.
I'm gonna regret this in the morning. Insomnia, you are a bitch!!
going to have some neat cosplay here soon!!!
just doin what you always do
There was an Angels no-hitter thrown the day I was born. Mike Witt on September 30, 1984
Thanks & thanks for asking :-)
hm yeah I think he's told me but I don't see the resemblance :)
happy birthday! Follow? Please?!?!?!???!?
have you read Back to December? It's so good
Working in the loop today and Monday. I'm not afraid of a bunch of hippies!
*marshmallows sorry was thinking about Alex Marshall hahah
“Always do right - this will gratify some and astonish the rest.” -Mark Twain
I love and for all you people that don't like her, need to open your eyes and see she is a sweetheart and is amazing(':
Still. No rain. :(
#JohnnyRockets is so fun :) They have the best fries!
I wish you were a stranger I could disengage.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :D:D
bahahaha im so excited we're all going!!!!
Play basketball all day!
Tell to follow me
Powers out??
Since the lost and found cycle works anonymously we don't know when something is returned. Has it worked for you? If so, please let us know!
Good leaders must first become good servants. ~Robert Greenleaf
If I took you home, it'd be a home run.
Looking forward to ballet classes, double puppies, and my own little green grassy yard.
Going to sleep at 8am, waking up at 12pm. Not poppin'.
rape thing?
#NWARK #sharktank fans, we have to tune in to Tulsa station for all the fun tonight!!
But really, more guys should wear kilts
it wnt take long u bild head n e ways n aw look at my sis her so cute n her avi ;-)
And? My first name is Veloci......last name Raptor
lmao thanks. That was my first and last attempt with dubstep. It came out too bassy
I say it WAS a catch. Ball hit ground, but was trapped to leg. No wobble, didn't use ground to catch it.
Thanks for the Inspiration!
I have a feeling i worry about my parents and there problems more than they worry about me -___•
Reeeaaally?? :) I HOPE U AIN'T LYING TO ME.
LDSFollowReTwitter: @ kellybranan: Hey, just showed up! It's a lunch for three: kellybranan"
When your so bored you cant think of anything to do besides tweet.
RT : Happy Earth Day! By choosing Aveda Salons and Aveda products you play a HUGE role in caring for our Earth. Thank You!
i just want to be be your firecracker.
RT : thank you for the RT and comment #gratitude -- You're welcome!
We just finished the Legislative Breakfast Reception at Pre-K Day on the Hill and headed to meetings with our Shelby County Legislators.
The Winter Market is indoors at Carmel City Center every Saturday through March 17.
yes, but please call the studio/store to make sure about the payment 504-267-0380. and congrats!
sounds amazing tonight at
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE meeting cody, alli and tom was the BEST DAY OF MY LIFE just wannted you to know!!!
IM GONNA BEG MY MOM TO TAKE MEE!!!!<333
with their rookie being on IR already if Beanie & Step-Howl don't play who's the RB for AZ?
i hate when a hood song gets popular as fuck with all the black people & they use lines from the song after everything they say.
Amy and I LOVE that place - and you get to go to the original. We have only been in NYC...Enjoy!
hes signed and has 9 albums, You should prolly come out with 1 song that's atleast been on the radio b4 you come at his neck
Everyday I am thankful for where I am. I could have been anyone in any circumstance. But I am here in school entertaining the idea of
Tonight, WE ARE YOUNG. <3
strongly believes that responsibilities of middle age are punishments for what I did in my youth.
I'm afraid to ask what that even means:)
A girl's laughter is much more cheerful than a boy's. But a boy's cry is much more meaningful than a girl's.
Can't wait to see this episode! Had a great time talking with you guys.
subwoofers. time to get more subwoofers.
Hope the dudes ok!
Tell me I can't, then watch me do
Sounds especially painful. Hope you don't get a middle seat. That will make Tuesday even worse!
Cool! Hope to see you at BOW! Have fun at BEA!!
Oh and I watch Feigns update video and I must say I'm very very fucking stoked! Shout out to Devin! Shit goes hard!
best disco nap ever
thank God. I can put my shades back in the car.
thank you Cindi!
so sorry, lost my brother & law to the same thing at 32 yrs old too.
Jus Kawz You Say SWAG Don't Mean You Have SWAG…
best program ever, so proud of u guys!
We are too poor to afford HBO now. No more Game of Thrones either. :(
This girl said that i applied for a loan.. No mam
thx for the heads up on FB
Definitely just did the Borat ringing phone mime gag
#STAR is over & I'm back in Austin from its bucolic setting. Last thing we considered were charts with malefic rulers of the 1st/Ascendant.
Yes Sir...
Hope everyone has a little someone in mind for international #ChildrensBookDay! I will be reading a tale via #FaceTime to my niece in FL!
What did reporter say #Tiger had in his neck? WWW.ussportspages.com
Great Jazz Night Out event tonight at Zona Rosa, Mark Lowrey Trio with Shay Estes!
Hmm.. I am like craving sea food.. Hahaha.
Piiff, you're throwing your life away. Big data is something you might be playing with really soon here....
Anyone at #FMLF12 interested in should join & at ESPN Zone tonight from 7-11. Catch the free WOMM Com drawing.
You've got lots of friends, they don't get you paid. I learned to stay away..
Amazing mentalist who was on Leno last night will b on my show 2NIGHT 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM Its time u listened
Ichiro out of the lineup after 255 games!
Lmao! Why haven't they thought of that yet???
such a wonderful recap!
if I have the money I sure will! I'll be 21 in July!
Thanks to our new followers
Its so funny when you can tell that things are going well for someone because you never hear from them.
This is my third reading. Gets better every time.
I'm gonna miss seeing Justin perform "Runaway Love" and "One Time", but I can't wait to see him perform his new songs from
Yeah! And florida is amazing! You would love it!!!
Hm. #quote RT : "Discipline is just choosing between what you want now and what you want most." - Unknown
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Red Velvet Cake w/Cream Cheese Frosting on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
Advertising and Graphic Design for about 10 years in Cincinnati
NO MI GUSTA FRIJOLES. I don't know why ._.
What's news withy ou brother? How is the site coming along?
whats wrong wit you
I put it in my bookbag and everything, but after that little remark. You can forget the nail polish remover.
don't forget to wear your shirt tomorrow. I will kill you if you forget.
Chill'n @ Logan.
"Where are we going?" "I don't know, but we better get there."
There is a lingering prejudice against electronic-only publications. Even plos still prints some of their journals.
If you miss me & there's a problem . Handle that . [ ambition ] instead of arguin with me over it . ( Make A Way )
I will daaaaaaaawg
I wish I was falling asleep in his arms tonight. His arms feel so right, I miss them. :(
Today we made progress! The triangle takes time, we just need to get the whole "moving without the ball" thing
I just made a scene in the key bank lobby
Dear #Bosh, I miss you, and if u come back soon, I promise I'll never take u for granted again! Sincerely, Andres
it's hard work pleasing so many women..;)
Help get the spammers off #mdsnow. Block and Report . You can readily see who they are. Help.
Right. He points out that the "P" and the "S" lose data that shifts their appearance. It was a quick adjustment.
i wanna join u n if i live there mom :)
“: Cold & snowy this week. Dammit. I was getting excited for Spring :(
Not your children's bake sale ...tonight as they host a bake sale of their own from 7-8PM with 3 items for only $10!
- i Can Go Overseas & My Name Still Gone Find Its Way in Some Bullshit . . Smh .
thanks for following! Hilarious!
Thats crazy! , what's the deal? Juke, Juke, Juke!!! It's only the coolest car on the road!
Mason also reminded us to find things to be memorable, learn from the conversations you're having.
Great piece! Thanks for posting!
Brewer's game this Summer?
you are seriously killing me here. I better get it as soon as it turns 8:05
Story of my life! : Song: We are aiming to overachieve today!
RT : RT : #BeyoncesBabyName: "Jay-Z's 100th Problem" <<Lmao...why, why was this posted? ha
resisting a terrible "that's what she said" joke...
indeed we have! Mostly in learning mode lately. Circling back to all the CS fundamentals I skipped. :)
which dealership, not north hollywood toyota is it?
#Network #Programmer needed for #MMO company on the west coast Salary up to 130k.
right inside door
Multiple standing ovations for Lt. Gov John Sanchez. Fantastic.
My arms and legs feel sore.. I don't know why the fuck they do.
Going to see Incubus. you jealous? <3
Practising pitches with multiple teams as the count down begins...
Chilly night in #Dallas. Took a little break to get some dinner and shoulda grabbed my winter coat!!!
Starting radio show now! www.wvox.com
In other news, I really don't mind the light rain we are getting right now. Windows open and airing out the house.
Thanks for the retweet!
I'm sorry I didn't have my phone :( I just got it back
thanks for the info!
Links are up at www.watchnhllive.com go register and watch all your favorite hockey teams play live online enjoy the games!!!
don't forget to fill in your "nics" with
RT what you gone work on..upper body
WHAT HAPPENED?! How did he hold your phone! Spill girl #SPILL (;
superstar potential. Probaly still top 5, but stock prolly dropping.
I like how I haven't ate yet.
Bored so I'm gonna watch all 3 Friday movies lol
Bitch I'm RICH i was just Tryna help out in make you look like the shit!
Oh hey, there's your sex warning!
I certainly hope not. In fact, I'm counting on it.
I saw the #ThreeStooges yesterday an it was really, really good, although the sexual element was not needed and detracted from the movie.
Boxwire BizBlip: Make friends with the butcher.
Hope you enjoyed your lunch! Did you claim your special offer??
I love everybody - even those who hate or hate on me
{covers mouth while giggling} yea I know ..tee hee..
#erl12 Great content portfolio diagram from Sowell when this program is posted, check it out!
Nuts I starting to think she is love u hun
Doing well this weekend - Hope you are too! I have relatives in the D.C. area so enjoying hearing tales of the snowpocalypse :-)
I do too u idiot , I mean temporarily hate everyone at the moment
Glad you liked our tour. We look forward to meeting with you next week.
i'm giving you a hug through my computer.
Why must people be such A@@ Holes. I totally agree.
Follow me is a Sexy account related to Porn :*
Get rid of Plouffe. I mean it.
WHAT IS THIS BLASPHEMY?!
right there with you!
live-griping the natural history programming.
Sunday scene... Slept in -> Breakfast treats -> back room blitz -> evening wind-down...
even I, the conservative Sox fan knows "Don't taunt Rahm"
I know!!! But I'm getting a rental car Thursday until they fixed the damage to my car. So that's good lol
what are you doing out in buttermilk area?
Love is perhaps the only glimpse we are permitted of eternity. -Helen Hayes
:( rude child lol
After last night, I kinda knew this headache would be here in the morning. FML
And Steve Blake was firing from behind the arc
i miss yu2 ..wat'd u end up doin fa the break ?
I CANT WAIT UNTIL EVERYONE CAN SEE ME ON TNT
damn I miss stars :(
dude yeah april fools'!
Was it a donut?
: Thanks for the RT!
Yes I think you're a bad parent if your on a motorcycle on the expressway swerving in lanes with your three year old son
Time to decide what to do for the night! :)
thanks for mother's day RT!
hahah Steve is gone
Have you heard they're making new eps of the "original" series now? They're online but well-written and made.
If you ever want to go to flatiron let me know- I am so wanting to try it!
#OneThingYouDONTDo Lie to me...
I cant understand why Tebow thinks his prayers should be stronger than the other teams prayers.
Watching MU-KU because Vols not on tv here. MU to SEC has somehow created an instant hatred in my heart. Screw you Tigers.
People will always give you 101 reasons why they can't. While not understanding why they truly can. #EnlightenThem -Chetney
WHAT WERE THEY RECORDING?!?!?
The headline of today's Columbus Dispatch: "God's Block Parties"
DIRECTIONERS! follow & they'll follow back :) x
I texted u fool
Kamara should have saved his public apology for tonight.
Back to work!!
Trying to find good sites for students to compare conservatism in Nixon to Reagan era and today. Any good links?
whatever you need I'll help
I'm about to eat a candy bar before I go to bed because I'm a grown man and I can do that.
Note to self: Never shake a baby
Someone was hurt before u wronged before u, humiliated before u, raped before u yet, someone survived You can do anything you choose to do.
Yep...thank God I've been putting money in my savings for back up.
Yes party people..we will have bags and beer pong tonite!! Happy bday Hilary Rasmussen
Does anybody give a @#$! about ? Opinions wanted before I dump them from my email.
yeah i miss twev :(
why are all your dogs so adorable? we are so tempted to get milo a sibling!
Fuck that double standard shit!!! Im ducking
mobile challenges tech expertise, costs to develop/device/plans, priorities, perceptions of non-users, licensed vs. owned content
almost as cool as "acqua di gio" and cigarettes.
I think I need to go to sleep and wake up again cause this looks like piss off brad day
Happy Birthday to lovely
K-State takes the delay to punt it. UT has a chance here.
I can't deny it she can get it
I need your advice with something, please help me?.. K thanks Alex<3
Warriors offer Tyson Chandler 4-year deal
Mighty Smashed? Super Smashed Bros.? Smashed Mouth?
Finally! A decent day in the capital city! Stop on by and get your bike tuned up for the Market to Market race this Saturday!
Hey Samson Peeps, do you manufacture your bicycle parts locally to Denver?
Yes, it's great! I need to put it into practice!!
Seeing signs all over Scripps Ranch tonight.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 70
back in the shop !
got that 2:30 feeling already, damn it ain't even noon
#GradBash was unbelievable. Absolute blast.
Sky zone today!
I dunno what you're into, but The Roots - Don't Feel Right is another good track
Me and my Tinky just laughing !
Thank you and deffinatly i wanna chill with all yall sometime soon but im taking sometime to myself for now
Actually. Just me and garbear are going. We're in love.
And bringing some AMAZING homemade menudo from my aunt's house
I spin at (Down ultra Lounge) most Saturday nights. Hit me up when u get into town ill hook u up
Lucy!! Where's my white collarless shirt from FRED SEGAL!!!!!!!!!
I feel stronger then I ever have bad times can only weaken you for so long.
“: Or Pettis. Cerrone vs. Pettis sounds fantastic, too.” would win!!
I'm not a hater
thanks man
morning from ney york :)
Actually they did better last season. At this point and overall.
No problem. Have fun!
In the public interest to facilitate both protection for (c) owners & to help libraries. Will revisit library exceptions
OMG hell my Love i'm so happy you're back!!! I am fine thx.. And you ??
testing out the Gale apps for our school. I like it.
Help this guy get his guitar back! I hate thieves!
he'll be back...he's been very busy lately that he doesn't have that much time in between acting and singing to tweet as much.
Love that song! Down on Me is a good one too! (Talk about randy!)
Had an awesome time tonight, stay in touch
OK but we'll have to change again, then again.
#FollowNotYetFriday and as they live tweet the #OWS march through Manhattan--going to be staring at my Twitter feed all night.
twitter has got to be the dumbest thing ever. facebook > twitter
Beer bong.
Great idea Dr. Michaels! RT : "Cash for Candy" collection goes to the troops
#9moredays of my junior year.. and I really don't think I can do it. finals this week. kill me now.
Guess I Can Go Wit It, But Im Not No Lame...And No Bitch Not Finna Fuck My Go Up. Doinn It All For Him.
If this keeps up, we will build in igloo outside and move in. It would save some money. ;)
Son In Law
RT : #fact i love soca music
WTH HELL UNDERTAKER NEEDS TO GET BACK OLD SCHOOL AND MOLLY WOP DAT BITCH
Maybe I shouldn't read books on serial killers before going to bed
from last night's #dareproject discussions: "Yo, Watson. Shit is afoot."
Well one thing is for sure. The Avengers is certainly deserving of all the plaudits it's getting. Wow, what a GREAT movie!
i can't decide if Iam just old or if you were a child protege
I swap ya if u have a boy and we have a girl. Okay.? Only joking btw Congrats to you
np:D ♥ what is ur name?
we're testing out times because of availability of top pros. later time creates more opps. we'll have taped show up faster too
“There is only one valid definition of a business purpose: to create a customer.” Peter Drucker
Wake up and read that Obama wins the #Nobel Peace Prize. To paraphrase the Black Eyed Peas, "'today' is going to be a good day..."
Coalition of Suburban Communities for Fair Representation is presenting district maps.
Ah, thought there was some significance e.g. bookworms. Night owls read books through the night maybe :)
People reject us when we exceed their expectations.Rejection should not harm u.It's meant 2 arm u 2 push u into your destiny
As it turns out, it was the strep fairy that visited last night. Fun day..bicillin shot in the hip. Ouch!
DESPITE LATE GOAL BY RANGERS, CAPS HOLD OFF TO HEAD TO GAME 7!
Ok cool :)
I love your handlebar mustache!
It's official. I'm signed up for the Eagle Creek Sprint.
Fuck you red line. Fuck you.
digital design ha lost its sense of experimentation in the past 15 yrs or so says Neville Brody.
CA ranks 46th in degrees per headcount and degrees per full time enrolled students.
Hope you sleep well, and see lots of balloons tomorrow morning.
Thank you! : "#FF #FollowFriday consider following: "
RT Gon need a new alternator n serpentine belt soon for the ga smh
I wanna be held! ! But I don't have a boo ... smh story of my life
talking about that last tweet? Haha truth bro. It's annoying to me
What is happening in buffalo?!
Great suggestion
it means "awesome" right?
Great catch bullpen catcher protector guy!
It is shocking, the amount of work I get done when Gmail is down. Is there a lesson to learn here?
Dinner/pre-drinks before #smcsea tomorrow?
Was this season or series finale of #CriminalMinds??
Are you from New York or Boston? RT : THIS TEAM IS THE FUCKING POSTER TEAM FOR HARD WORK AND TEAM MENTALITY
Learn how RTOREWARDS can help you reduce customer skips and customer turnover. Visit us today! www.clientrocket.com/rto
- mhmmnn Today Is The Day ! Can't Wait To Wild The Fucc Out With My Bestfriends... &+ I can't Wait For MY Suprise!
My @ replies aren't updating. How annoying.
Seeing all the footballers tweet about fitness makes me miss soccer so much more
root beer floats monopoly sannyfranny volvito missions!!
Lots of cookie cakes walking out of this Giant Eagle so far this morning. I missing something? Cinco de Mayo #CakeInTheBreakroom?
hell yea
finally a scandal that does not involve sex. its ok to defraud the country with bad loans but don't fake a degree,scott can be my ceo anyday
Yay! Just went on my 300 tweet! Wring my way up there I'm at 300 tweets and 42 followers:)(I'm a newb) beliebers follow me
I hope I get out this house tonight....its boring despite my reminds on my tv for all the movies till 1 am lol.yep I need a companion!
Hard work DO pay off. Gym Time 💪💪
Mrs. Hellendar again, for having us learn that 2 scoops is better in DESSERT, than one in the DESERT.
What am I doing you ask? I'm trying to figure out how to use twitter! This looks like it's going to be exciting. So many people 2 follow =)
Happy birthday to me happy birthday To me happy birthday dear Kiki happy birthday to me! (and others)
NEWSIE: Stay tuned for our #Sake Set O' the Day Series - eye popping designs coming your way!
I love when nonintimidating people bitch me out...
haha wasn't me luckily, that was
And congratulations to the :with so many people writing good stuff, why did they accept to publish Riley's junk? to get audience?
It was GREAT!!
knock knock knock Momma Scott Knock knock knock momma Scott Knock knock knock momma Scott
Don't fear the enemy that attacks you, but the fake friend that hugs you and daps you off
it's impossible
We Gotta Get Livee.!
After the opera tomorrow night (~9:30pm) there will be free apps and opera talk at Jacob Wirth's. Let's chew the fat over a brew!!!!
Thanks, we can't wait!
You KNOW you're my bestfriend. Like honestly. But I'll do it anyway c;
I cant deal with people that are bums.
Today a judge will sentence Christopher Hanney who was convicted of setting his estranged wife on fire. He faces a possible life sentence.
Well done Bubba!
It's seriously "Break Taylor's Heart" day isn't it?!
do you know how much that means to us?!?!
I dont like how them little kids dance its lame !!!!
Need help in the kitchen. A few hours each weekend of dishes and clean up. Anyone available?
RT Eric Frank Knowledge talking about "leveraging" knowledge in new and expansive, barrier-free ways
Hahah it's so difficult
Me too. Whenever I watch it I get so emotional.
Not just about product performance, it's about the experience -Healey
Just saw on shaqtin a fool throwing it down.
Norma, that is what I call intelligent criticism
Yes it's that time super impact is ready for the big opening come out and be apart of it we would love to have you!
Is there an 'amazing person' convention in town? Because our customers so far tonight have been OUTSTANDING.
Want to receive gift cards? DM us your birthday and/or anniversary!
They say, every kiss begins with Kay, bullshit! Kisses begin with a couple shots of patron, and some ass grabbing !!
You make me happy.You make me laugh.You make me smile. You make me forget.You make me strong. You make me forgive.You make me be myself.♥
Hello! Thanks for following me...
Quoting those songs. ♥
Hey girL... I tried hittin u up... shoot me a text when ya get this :)
listenin to The Kid Daytona. His mixtapes Go Hard!
There is honestly nothing that I love quite as much as helping other people get their shit together. Probably because it distracts me.
Haha no way! Lucky girl :)
I'm who I am
Yo...Made in Jersey. Lookin' good.
Looking for a dog for a Veteran on the Montgomery Co Humane Society website and can't believe how many beauties there. So sad :(
what is the best way to send an inquiry to noisetrend?
obviously. Gotta do a Sunday roast before I leave UK
Congrats to all our ninjas for earning another stripe on their belts! This one was for #leadership! Thanks for another great wk of classes!
I'm really emotional right now. It sucks having feelings ... usually I don't have those things =\
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :)
Furry Xmas& HpyNew Yr! RT THANK YOU!! Pkg. just arrived. THE DOGS' BOOK OF ROMANCE is darling. Will share with my dog posse friends.
iPod, check. Work clothes, check. Motivation = whoops left that at home!.
It's interesting how every company puts in their own hashtag along with every advertisement
While there's #nosuchthingasafreelunch we sure are getting close! Check out our new #deals every week!
i hate complicated girls.. more than anything
Last night I had a dream that The Eleventh Doctor and I were stealing the last two launch vehicles to escape nuclear war. Separately.
MAKE Suree To Checkout! MY Twin Bo's MUSIC VIDEO! On YOUTUBE!..TALENTED RAPPER..supra-My Dreams Are Our Dreams..NO WASTE of Time For SURE!
Hm Facebook is down. I can't decide if I think this is a marketing ploy for "The Social Network" or if its just the end of the world...
wow! ISTE Outstanding Young Educator 2011. Really??!! Awesome!
Stay in bed. I will bring you tacos.
need to talk to you about this show on the 12th in Covington that is on with krit
thanks for the invite -.-t
Send us your Friday Reads! We're reading Undecorate by Christiane Lemieux and The Dark Enquiry by Deanna Raybourn this snowy weekend!
This is the first day of the rest of your life. Make it count
you guys are freaking adorable, ok
#18k Congratulations you are the best girl<3 I love you!! Follow me?
HAPPY MONDAY!!!
Haven't had the veggie cheesesteak at Monks Cafe, but can verify that everything I ate/drank there was awesome.
#SoTrue u not alone on dat RT : I don't even care to have a ringtone on my phone anymore, that shit is lame to me. Lol.
Cesar GOmez's status: "Either you will work to build your dreams or someone will hire you to build theirs."
Happy 100th, Arizona! I miss Tucson, the mountains, the smell of creosote bush after the monsoon rains. Sure don't miss AZ Republicans.
do you like MOGL? what else have you used it for? just wondering, have seen it around
Me and my auxillary office........
Rest in peace Dick Clark. You will be missed! : (
#insomnia I don't sleep well and can't use Ny-Quil or what not because if we get attacked or have major equip' casualties, it's GO time!
I think we can change the world!
Hey,did you want to do something with the tracks?
anythG with naked bodies simulatG sex will get viewers...#HBO #Girls is NOT a hit. Internet porn, X DVDs are hits!
oh baha yeah then i guess it is me
Surprised at how quickly the defense rested its case in the Edwards trial
mos wanted could've done better, but ian's face can't get any better
Just bicycled through a cloud of bees without a mark....although, what's that buzzi -- YEOUCH!
"Scientific data must be libre from the point of creation"
Lol, im at the store and a baby boy got yelled at for singing to , she obvs. needs JESUS. ._.
RT : Lotta Bama bros have sunglasses on their necks Fellas- it's a night game...indoors.
Congrats to for not turning off her ringer. 3 spanks for her, get out in the hallway and bend over
good luck! Lol
What is there to do today?
2011 #HDSA Celebration of Hope Gala is underway! Gonna raise a lot of $$$ 4 HD research!
Anyone else have a crack O flight tomorrow and want to share a cab? My flight is at 7:15a
We ain't got time for the internet grind at the moment.... We grind the streets
thanks for the follow, cousin. Have a great week.
yeah I am putting like 20 videos into one so it's going to take awhile lol
Abortion: A baby can live without it!
who is ur suggestion? I don't think Myers is the answer/ready either, for the record.
I'm at RBA talking w cool HR folks abt twitter. Whoa!
KNEW IT.
amazing game... Nervous about 1st couple mins of 4th
too bad we missed each other. I'm at the MC office quite often now if you'd like to meetup sometime
Sublime Text 2 > TextMate 2. Insanely fast, and minimalist UI. TM2 is absolutely horrible, in my opinion.
Not too busy. Maybe break up left text. Fit to three columns? Will look weird if bend hits wrong spots. Text/bkgrd issue
but you got buckets
Magic Johnson with his patented tardy tweets
Can't wait for 's #FindingNemo3D !
Barring any injuries, Wolves make playoffs. Thanks a lot, dick!
so many exotic peruvian adventures already!! including petting stray cats?
What do you need help with?
*blink* *blink*
if ur an eagles fan theres no reason u should be cheerin for the rival team
Woah! Pushing through those big sellers at .695 $SNPK!
I'm out of court and oh man it feels good to say I'm free
proud of u baby cousin
There's a beautiful red quarter moon put tonight.
Happy searching! RT The #1940Census is now live! AOTUS is performing the inaugural search of his grandparents in Beverly, MA
Attention! Latest press release by Scott Lund drops a bombshell - the Mona Lisa wasn't painted in Florence, it was painted in Rome !!!!!
Do you think Ben plays this week? Steelers can probably beat Rams without him...
Finally boarded. One hour delay not too bad.
AMAZING job this weekend! you and your team deserved that win! hope to meet you next year at worlds?(:
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.
They got married, he was gay, he sued HER?? And she was like ..I don't think so?
OMG a there's groupon for IHOP today! What a great reason for me to eat there! jk no it's not; there is no good reason to go to IHOP.
Anyone want some ihop ?
Can't wait 4 my Lakers to leave the Denver mile high area, so the can close this deal
Man what lol RT : I need to learn to under-analyze
Indestructible wallet with a writable surface ? Yes please! Check out gift shop fun in Museum Magazine
I've been feeling like writing lately.
-_- I'LL BE WITH ERICA AND RIKKI SO IDKKK YET RT : THAT MEANS NO
What we do next is what matters most. Jim Woods
": Knowing Giroux is watching this makes it better". Knowing Crosby is spooning Malkin instead of playing now is kool too!
The weather isn't helping either.
Although...some very insightful and well articulated comments by writer at
Hopefully the next photo I post will be me with a big oversized check.
But that's a good thing, right?
In following one's breath, notice t/ perfection: accept t/ life force flowing in, let go of all that no longer serves U on t/ exhale.
Great point!
Tyler the creator <.
FUCK TOO'DOPE, CHOKE YOUR DAMN SELF, FUCKIN WITH YALLSELF YOU CAN USE A HAND-HELP!
donated to locks of love.
Awww, RIP Dick Clark. End of an era.
Hanukkah starts this evening! Inviting all to light their menorahs and follow it up with a nice Holiday Gonesh scent.. I've got Snowy...
Hey Scott, sorry for the late response but there are no plans for an equipment sale this year.
If it's on the internet its gotta be true.
Door Handles LTD Mix Security With Elegance
I hate after effects once you do I nice lookin thing people expect you to make everything great....... Grrrrrrrrrrrrr
Heading to Charlotte for partner summit.
secret circle got cancelled Faack you television people. Cant you cut of actually stupid shows?
Awesome. RT : Aoki on fitting in with #Brewers: "My father is a big fan of beer."
A little bit mad at myself. :(
right back at ya! RT : Had my first call with from Octagon. A great new partner and a #Yankees fan...BONUS
Planning a TAMPA DJ & PROMOTERS ONLY MIXTAPE What yall think?
Congratulations to Welcome to SF. Party Tonight!
Josephus Daniels~ Defeat never comes to any man until he admits it.
I am what I am. I can't help myself and if you don't like it get with somebody else. I'll never change my ways.
Drink plenty of water. It fills you up and keeps your body lubricated.
I want an ice cold brew
Taking shots on a Wednesday night
Of course it counts! Why haven't we done a story at Pipers Pub yet? I love you guys.
how's it going?
sick!! thanks!
Life is full of risks. Take them, because you'll never know what could have happened if you don't.
Yea he cares about nobody only himself
What's YOUR approach to #youth?
WWW REALLY?
RT : Thanks to for believing in me when I didn't believe in myself. #thankateacher | We all need those...
We are!
Hey there, (mosonday), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
One of our shippers was wearing those just yesterday! Sign up for restock email, &we'll let you know as soon as they're back in. :)
If you come out of the gym dry and happy, you ain't doing it right.
Baby Bash followed me (:
my man! Thats the ultimate jam!
hahaha ferssuree have you seen him live :D
we might do a movie night potluck. Plan accordingly.
My timeline is awesome :p
gonna go run fartleks like a champion.
you watching from the office or want to join us in Brooklyn?
i saw you last night! sexy <3
": Larry Flynt just said "Having sex with a condom on is like jerking off with a glove. Who does that?" No me
Morning run to clear my head. Caught some of the first
extremely jelly
Chat Leftovers: Pie problems - Washington Post (blog)
i did 8 times
Don Shelby visits Common Good Books to sign his book, The Season Never Ends, at 11:00 this morning.
Just give me your MyAlganon display name.
Zombie Granny Origins Ready to Take a Bite Out of Your Android
Good reminder. I just backed up my entire computer; will do WP next!
The week is more important than the weekend ~ What are you going to do with what you were taught on Sunday?
I think I would hyperventilate out of excitement XD
I agree that could have been on that list, along with and
what's wrong?
wish I was going to be at the show
Enjoy the twists and turns in the journey, it'll make the destination that much better.
yessir, luckily I dont hv 2 go by the curriculum bc I'm sure as u know, the info is really good but it isn't culturally relevant
Great fights this weekend! Gotta say it...I think it is time for Yves Lavigne to go! He is just too dangerous. Chris Leben could have died!
condoms prevent stds. Women don't have 100% control of condom use. Birth control pills give them 100% control.
"I really need some benadryl"
I know we're like the same person that's why I love you so much :-* lmaoo
Finally got my card. Forgot how much I love borrowing books.
Followed :) Check out my videos and share with your friends and "like" my FB page: MarissaM_Fans
Spy's are all around us... Be careful what u posts..
We're going to be selling tickets, actually. We'll announce it here and thru Cat when we have that set up.
You're welcome. :)
Omg Justin Bieber & 50 walking out with Mayweather? Oh I hated you guys before. NOW I REALLY HATE EM I hope Cotto punched Beebs in the face
#thepitch cool office
Aren't blind dates the worst . )
and will be poppin tonight! You ready people???
Hey. We should all put our hearts up and plant love grow peace. Cuz if we give a lil love maybe we can change the world♥
are u sure u don't want to go to JCS?! Lol
My drum solo is trending on twitter
The Dentist is the Shit
Meh. Maybe. But I hate the fact that I get yelled at the most when it's break. It's so annoying.
Just got word that April Schafer is on her way to set up...let's do this thing! Excited to open a new exhibit!
It's pretty much the only one of his other than Jesus' Son that I really like.
I wish to marry princeton,and be with him 4eva hes the best and the whole crew RT if u agree and by the way,mb i luv u 143 stay mindless
Opening day always reminds me of one thing - I wish I still collected baseball cards. Nothing will top the '87 Topps set - great look.
I will call that one #thesit Best touchdown ever
like in front of fine silver ranch :) walking towards silverbrook
Hopefully i get off punishment !!
Hmm i wonder why so many ppl have beaf with
Holiday cheers! :)
The kids performed SO WELL yesterday. Better than I've ever heard the ensemble in fact. I'm REALLY proud of the #choir! Unjust results.
Burbank, I think :-) is that right, Amy?
I'm sorry you have a hard time convincing some clients that you're better than some other rails shop, but don't fuck everyone in the process
Lol I remember when I used to say " YOLO ! " instead of saying " Hello " hahah .
No tears in the #writer, no tears in the reader.
how are you feeling my friend ??
yeah but now you're back in MKE. Cactus League Nachos!
who u been on a roll my nigg
Assistant Tito Vilanova will take over next season. Guardiola's last game will be the Copa del Rey final against Athletic Bilbao on May 25.
Just saw a white-winged dove doing a courtship dance for a mourning dove. Dude, pretty sure she's not interested.
In neighboring district, no teams stalled & teams thrived. Their teams became stronger & kids were recruited.
I thought it was going to be a body! lol
See, I would have written that as "If I just eat like 4 avocados for dinner it will be awesome."
you might be interested in our ipad typing trainer's intermediate and advanced courses. I'm up to 65 wpm!
bwah? did your old one stop working or something?
tell yo cuzzin to call me back when ypu get in contact widd her
and the work of homeownership begins....haha
a dude at the daily ordered "four egg whites and four shots of espresso." how does that work, exactly?
Discover the Sierra Vintners Wine Trail Memorial Day Weekend! Tour 15 wineries in Sierra Foothills. Info & tickets @ www.sierravintners.com!
Driver of #wmata 36 bus improvising route because of #evictdc road closures. Doing a pretty good job too.
you know you have my votes for #obama2012, can I get a follow for the business chapter at your former school in the new year?
Nice to finally meet you!! If you still need phone help let me know. She is a real #coolkid :)
Sad truth... call for change RT : Fewer than 3% of #foster #youth will ever earn a #college degree.
Nice to see my tomalom today:)
I could be like the others and congratulate you on Facebook. But no Congrats can't believe you're a 3rd degree black belt now! :D
I'll fight him to the death in the mosh pit because that's a great ice breaker ;D
things that make you go Humm!
Support us :(
Currently destroying my PIAT!
Wow so it's my fault okay dhmu
I really don't have the patience for annoying bullshit today so fuck off.
Tim Bakdash gets 40 years in prison for hitting and killing U student last year
Come on baylor!
Fake Vomit Recipe, FYI: oatmeal, green and yellow food coloring. Simpler than anticipated.
I'm burning up!
WordPress both at SXSW is pretty cool ##
omg! I always wanted to g their, is it fun? :)
yeah!!! Boss
they kind of resembles him to
Hey Bro im Okay How about you ? xx
you mind playing a little later. We got a poetry showcase on at 9pm. Pm me.
Best companies to print ladies' tshirts and tanks? And go!
Wow! What a game. Hats off to KU. Stay strong Buckeye nation!!
Your BF's about to get F'd in the B!
How are you just waking up? Bitch I've been at school fr the past 1hr
Tonight -- MISSING by , starring
Quit playin games wit my heart!
": Eastwood & the people who go there are just all stupid." I ain't stupid so stfu. :)
NP RT : Both the book and DVD actually helped me back when I could still play, thank you!
Googled it! Thanks. I will check it out.
May 5 is my b-day. Is this good news about the moon or should i hide?
I'm definitely going to try!
It may be a hit, but Ronda looks miserable in that picture!
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL and NEVER let anyone tell you otherwise. I get called that all the time, just ignore it. :D $Mi£€!
I'm still looking for The Texas Renegade! Where are YOU?
We LOVE our fans! Especially when we see them at Wal-Mart in Tyler, TX!
Finishing up school work and then playing around with Ableton Live for the first time since I got my Alesis io2.
im watching the jersey shore and cutting myself
Going into the studio soon. New photos courtesy of David Nguyen coming soon. With your help #TeamOtenki 2012 will be amazing.
Now if he was blk, would anyone have "rescued" him? if he was in a well tailored suit and obviously looked lost, would a cop have helped?
Have you been slapped by the online rumor mill? HAHA!
Making Dr check-up apt on my phone w/ was 100 times easier than using health care provider's website.
just spent too much money at Costco...as usual
you deserve that and more!
#WhatILoveAboutTwitter Celebrity Parody Accounts
AWESOME!!!!story can't wait till chapter 1!!:)
holy crap....thats a lot of toppings on that bad boy lol
The source of this scientific survey??? MT : most minority moms back me because they want their sons to live long and prosper
am i feel the obligation for him now too? nope, of course not, i marrying him one day....my obligation is a #mahomie thing only(;
eu adoro o austin de mais
We're working on updating the website, and all sorts of other stuff - in preparation for #RMAF 2012!!!!
Beautiful Earth Day :Plant a tree today!
you can tell her, she's mine too (; lol
Still dont know how I woke up this morning and my dog buddy has a corn pop stuck on his ear. ??
Lord willing!! Why? Want me to comment? You know I'm not allowed to Tweet/text until the commercials. ;P
Did I missed something or did the Clippers not wear their Blue-away uniform all season ?
