At the del mar fairgrounds for the cab concert. when do you guys play?
its ok mami! It will pass just keep your head up
My shit just tweaked hard!
I'm your #1 fan in Chicago, although I missed your show this time I've never been prouder to be a fan! You Rock!
No, but i use the same one. i have a mean spin
#TEAMFOLLOW BACK Been a while. This is fun! Following UR Hollywood!
totally jealous!
even if u dont break him...cuddling is just as good :)
are you working tonight?
ended up busting #vds in last level, ran pretty bad after dinner and lost the last 20bb 22 v AK aipf. 1k tomorrow?
Go DJ - that's our DJ - you rock everytime!! #thesocial official DJ
ok... I'll check them out. Do you have a personal website. Any music for sale (iTunes, etc)?
Thanks for the kind words. I thought 3RD WHEEL sounded like it could be a great movie that needs to be made
Have you stuck to your New Year's resolutions? Reward yourself with a purchase of any of Special Library Wines thru Jan!
64 degrees??? Can't wait to play outside today!
Greenberg, ROI considerations for metadata generation: time, money, quality, & use/functionality
perfect spring day soundtrack: & 's "life," 's "sunlandic twins" & 's "lungs"
Happy Anniversary President and First Lady! 19 years strong! Whoo Hoo!
We're curious: what's your favorite New York-themed movie or play??
Snapping right now. About to start drinking.
I'm partial to the, "More Brett Gardners" answer--greater emphasis on D leads to more hits taken away, AND worse hitters
I wish I was with my boyfriend right now :(
The severity of ADD / ADHD symptoms varies from person to person. About 1/3 of people with ADHD do not express hyperactive behavior.
At the dentist ):
dying skunk hair back because
What is the difference between oral sex and anal sex? Oral sex makes your day, but anal sex makes your hole weak!
Beware of the #landshark!
Thinkin i wanna go to kwood for my bday!
brown-forman.com/careers On Premise Manager - Wisconsin
Seats are really filling up! #NickCarr is an incredible speaker! Hope to see you at #Phorum12 today.
word to big bird.
Yes, I will def. make it to one of those! need to finally meet you.
started too, we used natures cure :)
Almost done with cleaning! Threw out four bags of crap and am donating four bags of clothes. It feels great...
Quite some hair splitting you're doing there. As if I don't believe in funding constitutional functions of govt.
almond yogurt is very puddingesque. Yum.
Our "interesting" wine show and program is about to get kicked off and launched...stay tuned - new site will be announced shortly!!
#FirstRead: Michelle Obama Jealous of Oprah? New Book’s Claim Deemed ‘Nonsense’ – Christian Post
Someone take a walk to the bay with me*
Shouts go to another dope battle rapper.Respect
How has cancer touched your life?
Bishop Paul Morton is straight old school
666 Park Avenue is my early pick for dumbest new TV show.
do you think Polk could be good back for packers with the departure of grant?
": like the song "Soon and very soon!"hey hey now
what a goddess
yes! What a break through. I hope this leads to bigger things for him.
My theme song is Outstanding by Charlie Wilson singing it live on the UWF cd. Love it when he say Smack a cutie on da booty Begin work lol
Music is the art which is most nigh to tears and memory. --Oscar Wilde
same shit im saying when we could go to one of there free events and try to get a pic instead of being like omg omg lmao
Hollins has position everytime yet only has 2 rebounds
welcome! So what's up?
So I thought I'd spotlight a news story... There are over 100 new Destination ImagiNation team news stories today alone!
.....Whats good with ya L boogie?
Options expired worthless. Another great trade. New option trade released today. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Project: Interaction ( & ) will be attending A Better World By Design conference!
Who want to be on a t.v show tomorrow at 11 and get paid for it were looking for ppl that look like skators must be at least 18
haha be back wed to bug you again
#HURTS but I will have some ponies going to ease the pain
your song O or o or however you spell it is so amazing! An entire song using almost no lyrics.
Loving work - lots of insight . lots to learn. great model .
Had a great time talking to studio class today about our experience making podcasts and what we've learned from it. Thanks!
but there's no profile attached to report
Don't mind the last few tweets, twitter was somehow hacked...
I feel like I'm forgetting something?
Good week to U!
Thankful I'm done with my cocoa cuz it would have shot out of my nose at the mental image of trash with a red bow on top!
Did you know that the Smithsonian museum has a research station in Ft. Pierce, Florida?
Slept good..ready for this day full of relaxation..no exams until next week..
Well, I'm not gonna tweet until next year (;
youve got to be kidding me...
i LOVE your interview with !!! Thank you for letting the world have a glimpse into that side of you!!
Timothy Olyphant tearing up...I mean, this show has become amazing in the last three minutes, basically.
#justbecause, ok #elvis fans, time for a contest reply to this tweet to be a contestant, we're looking for 3
morning chica..how are u today????
Ha! In the mens room? No!!
Why did they make a big chocolate ice cream thing on a stick and name is MAGNUM..... Hm anyone else find that ironic?
Thank you guys so much for 603 followers !! im a die hard bella fan and im happy people appreciate this account (:
Looking for a few good bars to visit when I go to Denver any Ideas?
Or maybe I'll stay up!(: why not! take a nice jog!
You SO deserve it. Good luck!!
You learn so many life lessons on a Fung Wa
Awesome! I'm going to try to skate a little with a friend tomorrow :)
shol is tell a friend, mama,sister,brother even yo grandmother passing #FreeBands out
#Casting - Anne McCarthy casting three Arabic roles for "Thunder Run." NABIL 20s, SAHAF 50s, and SALAH 52. More info on Facebook or in app.
you mean Jessica LOL
I don't understand y our neighbors have to b so damn loud.
Just got Greinke'd in RttS, except Addison Reed gave up 6 in the 9th.
“: did you play it loud and proud?!:)” its the only way to play it, windows down & speakers bumpin'
i dont want to have a job... FML
The subtleties of human decency - - Character & Decency -- still matters. It always has and always will.
#1omf Don't get caught up..
lovin francis and the lights, thx to
Apparently the #foofighters played Lyons (yes, Colorado) today. Woah!
Don't aim towards pleasing everyone because no matter what you do, not everyone will like you.
sounds amazing!fabulous idea~ one of the items recovered was a Truefitt shave bowl, we carry Truefitt shave products
Firefox 6.0 has been released today.
Its amazing, after a few drinks my depressed mood went away. I now feel great!
I love my six-pack so much, I protect it with a layer of fat.
Blah. Is this what I want?
Here's a #regex to match an #integer or #float: /^[+-]?\d+(\.\d+)?$/ Gotta love the cross platform nature of regular expressions!
No shame! That was back when there was still an annual Street Spectacular. You were probably a pre-schooler.
Nooks for our birthdays. First observation: Nook start up time = a couple minutes; Book = instant.
Change it up
you wasnt with me shooting in the gym?!
at least it's on Boylston, makes it a little better.
Salsaludos starting my day by reading the lords book and jumping into my work, have a blesses day all.
In honor of the DADT repeal, I'm in the military and I love getting fucked in the ass by guys, a lot of guys. Seriously, a lot of guys.
I just saw the picture! Hahaha
one funnel hit the ground in the city before me then the one after so thankfully it passed over only
Tonight is both Spanish & French Conversation (7-9pm)
turnovers tend to drop off in the second half if the first was bad. Usually. So I expect that to happen.
With smaller staffs can't copy edit more than once. (Surprised it's taken this long to make the shift.)
THE VOICE FINALS!!!!! YEAH BABY!!!! Bieber is gonna be on there tonight :pp
Im still confused to why u would want to fuck everybody then brag about it..thats really nasty and dirty and then u record everything. Smh
what's that?
True love requires two hearts
thank u so much!&do you live in GA? Cause if you dont ill tell him to follow you when i go see him in ATL(:
Spent my whole day at Delta and to be honest I actually liked it
No one!!
TOMORROW: Meeting the Mifflin Senior Center (330 W. Mifflin) at 7pm, come hear all about MIfflin
#movie #PaperHeart looks really cute...too bad its not playing nearby yet
Yummy Hispanic dinner for #CincoDeMayo ! Happy Saturday :-)
A one-off scrolling timeline thingy… Not public yet. Will send link when it is.
Thank you for the FF last week, Julian!
I was thinking that earlier today debbie cake!!
PSA: Please do NOT drink and drive tonight. Have a designated driver, call a Taxi, or A. We want you alive & well tomorrow. ;-} Please RT
Maybe it's the Diane Swayer "I'm too old for HD" soft focus.
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow, I'd want you to lay here beside me and play with my hair until I fell asleep. ❤
: is a new follower
On The Nightstand: The Synergetic Follower by Kurt Madden and 7 Habits (again) by Covey. What are you reading?
To put on an evening gown and take private copter ride to the top of the alps to get dumped on national tv...that would suck.
Got off work a little early whoop whoop! gonna relax and watch THOR!! then headin out for the grad ceremony.
Trying to find the story in the loads of data I have from several observational studies.
"There comes a time when you have to stop remembering your mistakes and move on. No regrets in life, just lessons"
To Twitter Newpeople out there:Heck, I dont know what I'm doing either. I'm trying to follow folks whose blogs I like, learning as I go. GL!
RT Some great sessions put together by & team at #loac2012 this week. Great group to meet & discuss local!
Its not a party until someones pants are off.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Johnson & Johnson Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
Fact: Blueberries, tomatoes, carrots, olive oil, and sweet potatoes are GREAT for your skin.
Interior lighting, new doors, crown moulding and more. Mr.D's is your one stop contractor for home improvements. Call us today 619-562-5848
thanks, girl!
amare needs to cut those braids
Enjoy Spring! The ceramic Eggling is an egg that you crack with a spoon, add seeds, water and wait for your mini garden to bloom.
International Hotel Group Signs Up For New 4 Star Hotel At Royal Randwick: Branded Adina Apartment Hotel Royal Randwick Racecourse, t...
Happy International Beer day! this calls for a celebration ;)
lol I love you too mese!
great topic for #jedchat tonight.
So i got yelled at by a substitute and i was acting weird at lunch with my besties pretty god daay(:
A good friend of mine told me recently that "the sun shines even when it rains." Good advice. Let's keep our heads up!
aye imma be at the meet but I'm not runnin' . So FWM while I'm there !
You can't be a boss if u ain't eatin'!!
: RT : Would love to hear from any English speaking family in Mexico City/Oaxaca re: quake. AP Radio 202-641-9820
We're all going Loco in Va. Beach. Is Vegas going Loco too?
MissDeRossi is bein' a little screechy this morning ... may have been drivin' her too hard of late
yay I got an a on my English essay
"If you're a #nonprofit & care about #Facebook, go to 's blog.He's an animal!" #WSNPC #NPConference via - I agree!
Unexpectedly pleasant TSA experience at #PHX. They let baby stay in carrier & keep her shoes on! Happy parents are we.
Wow what a relay! Matty got hammered though
I hope you are having a wonderful day!<3
My hand just fell asleep and I'm not even entertaining myself. Obviously, the magic is gone.
you're about 12 hours early for that
Boom. Surpassed 1000 followers. Apparently we should switch handles more often. (Don't worry, we won't really do that.)
Apparently, it set the record for the hottest temp recorded that day ever. We're for it!
There comes a time when you have to choose between turning the page or closing the book...
Looking for a qualified Technical Game Designer. Position located in Los Angeles, CA. Email me @
Cant wait to hear that!!:)
I love the music. I'm just stuck on Gunmetal Black Dress.
Not sure who Tweeted it but awesome! "Did Madonna just sing, "I'm sixty and I know it."
Sorry. I'm referring to the whole film.
#cil2010 iso 11620 is an iso standard for performance indicators for libraries-how did I never know this?
Thanks for the west coast love... wouldn't mind being in SD this time of year
a million bucks? i'll pay for half!
Nah, I don't want to live so far north anyway. No telescope for me.
When I was an R.A. at CCU, one of my residents was from Austin and said that Chuy's is delicious!!!
sounds good!
Outside Chilln wit my nephew
follow me back?
Hey Man .. we all screw up ... just continue forward
Wait, maybe not. I dunno, I'm being pestered to play fetch with a cat.
Why do people want to grow up so fast?
M...blackened salmon & steamed veggies!!
Male cheerleaders= the most heterosexual athletes in the world.
everybody follow my boy -sorry ladies hes married but bros he's hilarious-wolfy let me know if you get any followers
Hey Taro, sorry I missed you. Monday's are rough to get out w/ the Baby, are you only at the Roseville location Monday nights?
Up extra early to take parents down to doctors west hospital.
It's getting to that point in the semester where I really need to get my butt in gear. 24 Days.
New word (to me): "screenager".
yeah that sucks... being in top 50 just makes it show on the web page right? this week is probably the hardest bc its the last
Thanks for the kind words today
I just got done playing that! It pisses me off too much!
Thanks Jenna! Hope you have a great Thanksgiving :)
I think it's summer weather so I think it's summer time so I'm wearing summer clothes 😁😁😁
im not a snitch but uh ..
sammy adams! Are you having a signing?
I'd probably have Marisa Miller's babies lol
Man, the more I hear My Morning Jacket, the more I dig 'em. Could Dondante be one of the greatest songs ever? Gives me chills everytime...
You Can't Take It With You is 2nd show at next season
Hahah! But I have something that would make you feel better<3 Check out the new #bandoftheday ;)
I wonder why do ppl always looks for stuff that's not ment for them, then what's for them!
What happens in the shoe at pelican bay?
Be Valentine's Day Ready Event! February 3rd
We're following her! Get your head out the gutter. Haha
im not been cheeky, i was just saying too haha. ohh well, i dont know the people x
Ha my friend predicted I will have my big break 3yrs away! I better get crackin.. & what's new? I'm nauseous & prego!
Good nutrition for healthy eating | Bodybuilding, Supplements, Diets ...
My mind is so programmed on the wrong Sh*t...need a break..ATL...jacksonville...Memphis...Which One?
great meeting you at the mobile ux. I have an upcoming event I'd love for you to speak at re: design/app design. Interested? DM me.
gonna miss everything. :/
same gmail address you sent the beats to yesterday fam lol I'll DM you
Good news in FL for hist preservation grants - final recommendation from #FLGov was 1.2 mill. $ for good/worthy grant projects this year.
Welcome back Hossa.
Congrats on the baby!
did those actually come on the boxes?! If so that's awesome! Always trying to get my friends to quit
oh yeah I'll be there most definitely
werq it out!
The Creation Museum is terrifying.
Hell ya only 2 classes today
Watched Blue Valentine. I heard there was a cunning linguist in the movie, but there wasn't ANY discussion of linguistics. Disappointed.
Discontent is the first necessity of progress. - Thomas Edison
“: Sending a girl a text that says "I love you Beautiful" can change her attitude for the whole day.” YES. This. <3
Your welcome.
A Duke Ellington jazz classic, "In a Sentimental Mood" performed by John Coltrane. bit.ly/vScneL fb.me/1ijW90prT
My bed > My couch.
#WhyWeTrain RT : That's 13 full miles and then a bit more just in case you're not yet having a coronary.
Mouth is still numb from the dentist 3 hours ago! Grrr
I thought u were cuz u said thanks love but I say that to so idk y I asked u if u were British lol where are u from?:)
We have it in our power to begin the world over again. -Thomas Paine
Downloading it now and preordered my tix a few minutes ago! Man I can't wait for 6/8.
Debating whether or not to get VIP tickets for #AmericanIdolTour or not.... is the main decider...
-time to get some new friends. Leesh has pretty much withdrawn her membership, Kris is so preoccupied with soccer and school, Dyl is having-
"You ain't the only one that's tryin' to be the only one." #np #Drake We'll Be Fine
im really thinking about it. But I'd be stuck in Detroit for hours.
That's deep bro
Turn on da lights, I'm lookin fa her too!
The Premier is my fan because i pay big tax :D
Weep with those who weep and REJOICE with those who are celebrating a win! kleenex and baloons
Thanks for sharing!
Thanks For MCR
Happy 5 de Mayo:)
Any nigga cant make me cry . But he did so I guess he was the only one I cared about .
your welcome ps. Ur really cute :)
#Sleepy goodnight my lovely followers :)
I have a fear that paris hilton will be back on tv soon
Major playing, song singing, dancing and laughing was had today. Thank goodness for friends with toddlers.
Someone once said that things never get any easier, you just get stronger.
I'M ON IT
Listening to Richard kurin talk at cajms closing session in philly.
you gotta be a dyke calling me a fag but you gotta be inbred quoting a redneck. Ignorant bitch!
Playing some #AngryBirds Gravy
According to Univ. of Chicago research, birds dream about their songs, have dream rehearsals, and sing improved songs the next day.
thank god it's monday
looking forward to tonight... finalizing the message, “Thriving in a Hostile Environment!"
no its nigga we need to buy some hoes RT Five words every guy says: We should buy a bar.
if you could collab with any artist right now, who would it be? (:
wow. Craig huh? I'll never forgot that one. We're even though. Remember when I got jumped on the bus because of you? 
Why are there a whole bunch of crayola markers laid across the organ?!
hey! what up?
Whoop! I'm going to be a Jr. Next year Finally!:)
While there are people that I annoying, I will live and continue their great mission))
Can't sleep. I would like someone to occupy my time right meow
yeaa 2012 has been having amazing tracks so far haha
This is one hella margarita!
I can't tell if this person with extraordinarily large eyeballs and a swirled face uses hoards of drugs or just has a MacBook and an ego.
A stranger just told me I'm "kinda scary." So I poked him in his alone zone. Hard.
Sweet! I made it on the Morning Animals show this morning. Definitely a sports fan's #riteofpassage!
That's a great commercial!! Hilarious...
Enjoyed your article. Gave a good perspective of the company in relation to their 1Q earning.
where you wanna go?
Take your place. Make your mark. Live your life. <3
depressing. your day is coming. Happens around 32
#School year's almost over, but your kids don't have to fall behind. Summer #tutoring now available with LearningRx.
i cant that's not one of her fan bases! D:& well, like with all the things thats been going around with him & he told...
We've got our farmers mkt blend - mainly centrals & brazil for $10 a full pound. Not on the site tho... Gotta come out to the mkt...
I gave up all of it for you son that's why I'm in this position
SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING in the Orlando attraction areas.....
You don't need anybody that does not need you. Focus on those who truly appreciate you & get rid of those who don't.
you order we make. When do you want it?
take me off your list
#Honored MT : Changed my pic in honor of your skills and our wedding day. We're still married! YAY!
Here we go
Adolfo Henriques, Chairman of the #MiamiDade Cultural Affairs Council addresses the Commission!
#nowlistening "Rafters". performing at 's showcase
Valentines Day Winner, you have 1 hour to respond to the email we sent. If we do not hear from you by 8:15am, we are picking a new winner.
This match isn't going to happen..
... perish the thought Shannon!
RT : First up in the competition is Perry, the Pretentious Pumpkin by Krystle Henniger
My SSN and Steve Jobs' are less that 3000 apart! I had no idea we were related.
Amazing! : HTML 5 allows manipulation of 3D graphics in real time, allowing med students to dissect a biodigital human
Am interested in any reporductive health stories linked to Text to change
OKC had a week off and everything they throw up goes in! It's just their night at home that's all!
Hope ya dont mind if i added you on Goggle+.I really want to get to communicate with you more often. :)
Finished the radio show and watching DaddyO do an interview. Dropping knowledge like rain on the dry plains.
Even tho I grew up in the hood, I never was in the dope game, I just played sports, & talked 2 beautiful women!
monday // driving through the desert grasslands that grew me / thinking in tongues / like me / the sun is younger than it looks // summer
another night of double digit of runners LOB is the bigger issue happening way too much
At my cousins house 
RT RT : “I've never been a millionaire but I just know I'd be darling at it.”
You honestly mean the world to me, <3
Social Distortion! !! Tonight! I can't wait!!!
Happy Valentine's Day to all the girls and half the guys, everywhere!
Tomorrows #knitting crash course is all full . Check the website for my next one
#caps win! Seventh game in overtime. Coming up I'm going to re-tweet something I said before the series started..
Is there an iTunes 10.5 Beta 4 for 64-bit Windows?
Smith: Foreground labor!
I will! Merry Christmas to you! Miss you!
Aye everybody got the biggest booty on twitter !
We are at the shop until 6pm today! Come in and ask about our NEW laptops!
Hi Mary, all is well on this side of the states, Hit asmall snag in my writng, but it should get unraveled soon--I hope
Hey Carlos where you will spend Christmas? aa and another thing... MERRY CHRITSMAS!
ha! *only* 8 hrs? sounds great to me!
Please follow us back
A froggy good morning to all!
Forgot about Twitter! Too much going on in the new year. VERY HAPPY M M X!
hey whats up;)
Sidebar: I love the evolving standard of beauty. On Tues.,a group of blk. teens 2 me "lookin like the 1st Lady out here"
Tell me why I'm wide awake nd I woke up at 8am for wrk. Hardly getting a gud five hours of sleep... Crazii.
great, can't wait, ur an inspiration to moms everywhere.
Thank you for being the worst so that I could be the best
Wished you were mine. ❤
awe hell I though u went 2day
Those are known as "skeuomorphs," BTW: design features that mimic past materials. // What phone icon shows you have voicemail?
love it !
Whoa what?! Siwon is my husband! Lol
It'll be at Destiny's Lounge on 8 Mile & Livernois
Twisting at The Hilltop Thanksgiving Day from Noon-3pm!
What is UI & UX? User Experience /Interface is the design of programs & websites to be easier to navigate for a targeted determined user(s)
Commission is in closed session for approximately an hour.
ITS 11:11 (; make a wish and say i hope you tweet me <3
bring the kid with you. they should see Avengers too :)
Could you be any more Canadian? You spend your life in a hockey rink! ;-)
Its true pain that make people change.
Fine...now we're even on the TOOTBLANs
Teach kids how to write their signature. No keyboarding.
What section?
I swear I'm not trying to overreact
Nice few days in #Chateauneuf, now off to #CoteRotie and #Hermitage for a little
Enter stage left, the 2011 Lincoln MKZ Hybrid, which is making its big debut in the Big Apple.
Thanks for the memorable comm. speech Brandon! I enjoyed the space references. Students will def listen to it again.
thinks there's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning
I'm pretty >50% of Apple's business is overseas though. That has to come into play for taxes.
How about Madagascar? It's safe there!
I admitt, you are my celebrity crush... Can I get a #RT to see that you care lol
The fact that I saw so many girls wearing Uggs this morning <<<
Oh, not intentionally! :) RT : you left me off the #dctheatre #rollcall list...
good to see your tweets, too!
Oh...well, same here, of course! But it will be the retro-futuristic Disneyland Monorail gliding over the "Hyperion Bridge."
QUOTE - "The greatest despair for a society is the fear that living honestly is futile." C. Alvaro. Never give up. Never, Ever!
hey beautiful . Please check out my TV special w . It's amazing !
I think Central Michel Richard has a pvt dining room.
haha! Fire hazard!!
Makin a happy hour run at sonics....out of the "kindness" of my heart
I think just through out a faboulosity comment.
Congrats to Heather Bowe on her commitment to play and attend Vanderbilt!
LMAOOOOO “: My mother comes home with a turtle. What am I supposed to do with a turtle?”
I say 50 goes to Cowboys stadium as its sports best venue. Then we follow rotation of West Coast, East Coast, Dome, Cold city.
yes that would probably be allowed!
"What are you doing??"...."Oh my family is over...we're playing....sex"
Slacker Radio rules !!!!!! C: #nothingtodo :/
well look at the bright side, i get to have fun at six flags all day lol
Well said. rt : Sen. Jauch: "The only thing this bill compromises is our natural resources."
“: We text like we're a couple and when we're in school. We act like we dont even know each other”
holy beaded taco! Loves it!
Facebook IPO price = Too High
Wear an abortion skirt and eat raw fish.
So my laptop has gone nuts! I cant get on facebook on my computer because it thinks its 2001.
who's megan Beckers???
I couldn't get through it...have a LIMITED attention span.
thanks for choosing It was delish! Connect your and get ;)
It's annoying when twitter reposts your tweet like 6 times in a row. To me and you too, I'm sure.
I can't go my bands playing/:
Hello World!
wait why do you have to redo it
Wonder how they feel about Walker saying its Madison and the rest RT (in part), Rock, Douglas, Eau Claire, LaCrosse...
are you the real john cusack
In a relationship <3
Yankees lost to the royal's wtf!
ily so much cant wait to here the song follow me please
It's Friday AND Star Wars day.
I wish ... only if the kid inherits its athletic abilities from its uncles.
Good organic rule of thumb I just learned. If you eat the skin eat
Those are some lucky gals ;) Much <3
Awwe, you're beautiful. NO LIE. <3 Are you going to see Austin in NY?! :)
But if u want us to do all the promoting we have three levels that give u extra promotions, let us know what ur needs are.
TY for your cheers! & : RT Getting ready to pitch MSNBC producer!
Women with deep voices throw me off
I hope it lives up to the hype. 'Phantom' by Jo Nesbo
": Twins don't wait in line " haha now that I think about it thats so true! Lines dont exist when he hit the streets
the best way is just to check their twitter. They dont have the text update
just gonna ride it out and see how it goes. =)
Help empower foster children be successful #success #foster care
Iron on?
Those who know their purpose for existence & develop their talents never have any doubt; read about Steve Jobs, Muhammad Ali
hey scheana :) please follow my personal account!? () :)
I really like watching Kenneth Faried play, he works so hard
UCONN IS COMING BACK.
you look amazing(:
Listening to Rude Boy , makes me wanna have sex , which makes me think of having sex , which makes me horny.
I know it's a serious issue, but can the media stop using the term "tar balls" when talking of the BP oil spill?
"Living isn't so hard. It's living right that is...Right? "—DJohnson (Talented&BrokeNov26) ReTweet
Today I had a science test and it took like all period. We had 15 minutes left and I didnt do 5 problems. I was like im tired nap time! lol
thats what the refs are giving us!
The more I talk to you the more I want you but obviously I cannot have you and will never have you.
I honestly have no idea what to do about this mud right now
get better Biddy.
Romo being up in the 'pen now should say all you need to know about who the closer will be without Wilson (Casilla).
Took my class to the Mütter Museum to discuss alienation and monstrosities. Afterwards, a pleasant brunch.
perhaps he could work it off seeing bowties?
Well. I messed that one up, huh?
When someone is pretty and they have an amazing personality it makes them that much more beautiful.
truth hurts Bitch!!!!! Bwhahah. How's work going slut?
I feel u on snow, and winter period!
miss my little bro see you soon kid
Well, crap on a cracker all of this snooping around happened before Brees. Well, it looks like it didn't help Aaron Brooks at all.
evernote + penultimate make me wonder if I want an iPad for mother's day.
Okay...So. Here is the earth. But really now...It shaping up to be a gorgeous day and I'm gonna be able to go out & enjoy it!
happy birthday baby! I hope you're enjoying tonight! #WeOutchea - I love you! :) Many many more to come!
My dog's new favorite chew toy: the green recycling bin... Why?
Home sweet home wheels been down pics n da am
So excited for the #ChemLine holiday preview tonight!!!
Did he talk to you? & Lolol, i dont really like him.
Big thanks to and Steve Shipman for organizing the Cinco de Mayhem tailgate. Great food & friends.
I love my brother :*
Following right now is pretty intense.
If sex is a pain in the butt, then you're doing it wrong ...
Packing the box truck now, heading for Louiseville for the KMEA convention. Little nasty weather here now, but should be clear S. of Ohio.
'Sons of Anarchy' maker explores real outlaws - Bend Bulletin
Gives new meaning to you shoveling through email. Ha!
Great Fun In Oconomowoc
I wish I was a little bit taller...
Our Fall semester is coming to an end, don't forget to sign up for our Winter Holiday Program (2/21-2/23). Call us at 212-439-9996 today!
Thanks for the mentions of Chameleonbeer... HAve fun @ Wolskis... Tell Dennis or Rainy that Jill say's "hi"!
You're right, it's cute no matter what! I'll post one in just a bit.
#2011RemindedMe that even your closest friend can turn into a snake .
whoops, make that 14 12. smang plays slow at 830 tomorrow in the backdoor bracket
Here's an interesting question for you, about how many hours of sleep do you get at night? WE want to know!
Iluv Bubblegum Boy ur such a great singer :)
I'm glad I get absolutely no respect in this class.
If baby pigeons tasted worse, I would feel bad for eating one earlier today.
Stoll has impeccable acting skills. "Oh god, a soccer game has broken out." - Stepdad
Thanks lovely lady :)
Escape The Fate <3 c:
I Must Be Sticky, Cuz All Dese Niggas Eyes Glued
Some random runza lady just hugged me , she saw me on the news . hhah don't i feel cool . (;
Happy Birthday!! Glad you're part of the family of The Big Blue Nation.... Go Cats!!
probably can sleep due to a system revolt. Better go find some Brew Dog this morning.
Need a vacation to get away. Maybe California for Anaheim 1?? Hm
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese. As if I don t have enough on my plate.
shows cows running round ghost town in #Japan nuclear exclusion zone. What happens when those radioactive cows break free?
Thanks for coming to see Shamarr today!
This girl a church serving breakfast had four visible piercings and 3 visible tatoos. No telling wat the Lord was hiding under that apron
hey. A lot of my friends do hip hop I'll ask them where they record!
Round #2 topics include; International Perspectives in journalism history, relationship between history & memory in media studies, studies..
now chickens!
cause spotlight: Love146: the abolition of child sex slavery... define your cause, define your world... love146.org definingapparel.com
I love you
Hey just saw your twin walking down Broadway carrying a mirror from family dollar
playboy, we LIVE in the South too....wait, does S. FL count? lol It's more like Latin Amer here
Awwh omg you remember my birthday, that's so sweet! :) xo ♥
!!!! look feed! it could be over!
Selecting a new beneficiary is difficult! So many great #cancer organizations. Want to be considered? Contact us.
#ImAddicted to #tattoos. I can't wait to get my chest portrait all the way done. Sleeves are almost finished though.
WAIT IT'S TRUE?! ASDFGHJKLJSDUSBSVAHAVSBSBSODJSBHSGEVABANVSGSHSJGSGAHSBJFILNDNDNDJDNNIFLYMDJSJ
If life is to be sustained hope must stay, even where confidence is wounded, trust impaired.
Better stop. Imma start thinking im really special... ;-)
Oh and I have Rob gronkowski on my bench, atleast Jimmy Graham got me 14
By the way, we LOVE ! It's amazing. Almost twice the protein of regular yogurt! Do urself a favor and pick some up!
thats so true. COS I LOVE YOU<3333 CANT WAIT FOR SATURDAY(:
Woofs 2 Amazing Friends, You are so Woofy Wonderful. Good Day :)
Condescension is a quality. Nothing else need to be said,
yo, you think you can help me get more followers?
Remember it takes time to build up your blog audience and your social media followers - as well as earning their trust
Someone make sure to tell #Hodgson that Christian Poulsen isn't available for selection for the English national team.
"Once the lie has been recorded, it's hard — but not impossible — to fix by speaking up." *ahem... RESUMES are dead
this is true. Oops. Too many shots of kool aid
yep got it, #Benz bet today good luck on your wagering I know mine will do well :-)
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
i TOTALLY WANT IT!!!!!!1
Ordering some pizza, and watching movies on le laptop. It's a slow night.
You was probably thinking. oh yeah... thats whats going down(;
Hey Lisa :-) I am great thanks for asking!!! How are u??
Bout to play some cod.
Rod stewart sitting across from us at david burke kitchen, so good.
Tell ppl, if they have Flat Stanley, check w/the cashiers.They keep track where he's from.Flat Stanley had fun @ Bronners!!!
RT : Congrats to the book-loving Oscar winner for animated short! Watch THE FANTASTIC FLYING BOOKS OF MR. MORRIS LESSMORE:...
Yeaaahhhhh. The Top 51 Dance songs of the year are on BPM right now.
you comin in??? we agree!
That song from the new microsoft commercial>>>>>>
I know didn't u see what I wrote, it was JohnDoe he came to my house to pick up something and he wrote it on my phone
YOU DON'T LIKE DOGS??!?!
If I have to keep troubleshooting this theatre's com issues, I will start invoicing them.
Off early finna get some sleep finally
So glad you were able to join us live and you "found" us! Totally God! Love when that happens.
aww, thanks. I do love ice cream
Hey u guys r the best in the business ... just wanted u to know that ...
thanks love<3
yes it does ;)
Morton Downey Jr. documentary called "Évocateur" coming in 2012.
What's funny about this fitness ball video is that he still has his timbs on..
Rise Against has a song called Architects and Architects is going to have a song called Rise Against lol
Couldn't use the "my account was hacked" excuse, it's overdone.
Merry Christmas Tario :)!
You got your hands up, You're rocking in my truck. You got the radio on, You're singing every song. I'm set on cruise control.
what are you doing worrying about the Yankees! Did you see that 3 run home run?! Hell yes
Watching #PLL. Ah!
gosh is the nicest man alive.
Yep!! Right Now! Now Im literally LOLing in the middle of this video :)
just went crazy at sephora- made me think of u!! :)
RT : RT : Just posted some of 's current open positions on 's job board. Great resource.
What pals! RT
Not surprising. The volume went WAY up for that song. All quiet now.
Watching my Hawaii Warriors making it a game vs Fresno St. now 14-17 in the 3rd
skrillex and draw something, waiting for this storm. It's a decent night... just wish i wasnt so....not with corey, lol
smfh go to sleep jazz
sure thing. what do you do?
Q7: Great CRM & telephony systems, key #custserv performance indicators , skilled custserv agents, g8t training, inspired leadership
G's allergies and skin issues : (
Alotta people I used to fuck wit are gone damn
cab driver thinks I'm crazy for giving myself 3 hours to get to the airport & on my flight ha
i hope everything is okay!! <3 i cant wait to see you friday!<3<3 #excited #iloveyouwithallmyheart! pleasee follow me i would die
Last night was a GREAT end to a crappy week! Now on curatorial staff at the NMMC and discovered amazing new volunteer oppty w/ReSET!
" The best moment in life is when you start believing in yourself."Written in 2010 by Ranjit Singh Chadha
sounds delicious. were you cooking by yourself?
Curt needs nap...badly. #TwitterGauntlet #TweetsDoNotHurtOtherTweeters(Yet)
FOLLOW EVERYONE BACK IF YOU FOLLOW ME!!
Killer by Dave Zeltserman based on life of James Whitney Bulger. Great crime novel, check it out (Serpent's Tail)
I forgot the edge dressing!!
...just to be clear, I did not come up with that on my own, but dude did have a compelling argument
Holy! I love how my power went out & then came back on. This thunder is making me jump! I can feel it in the floor!
Google satellite view gets way close than I remember it getting...
Yes, the Oscar's closing number made me cry.
William loudon Physicians will not lead the move into Genomic Medicine - there are no Genome Docs
I actually don't care anymore :L
I love twitter... such ruiners!
To say the lakers came into this one ready would be like saying shaq is an averaged sized man.
Feeling well enough to get back to work tomorrow.
Who played "Bob" on tonight's episode?
busy but now I'm taking it easy
at least it is a cute bitch.
Watching new special with
I hate when girl take pictures and blur there whole face dayum are you that ugly
this guy is such a dipshit. Still talking to him.
I don't work shit out on the fone , do it in person we grown as hell
she's sleeping :p
Expect big things from Legendary Entertainment. Edward Zwick #directing #producing "The Great Wall". Glory meets Last Samurai?! I think so!!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter i was like.. wtf do i do here?
It's been a while since you've had a beer if you feel tipsy from the third bottle.
Why does austin even need a coreographer. Lol
Great job on tonight ! So proud my friend!
i got an email to say you favourited my tweet! i'm new to twitter and idk what that means but thank you! hehee x
: Love is like the wind. You can't see it, but you can feel it. Trust that feeling.
running 5 miles
Forceful US leadership gets UK, French, Russian & Chinese backing to send UN's Kofi Annan mission to calm the horrible Syrian mess. - JDG
np! Had to get creative cuz you're a locked acct (can't RT u on my phone). So I c/p instead. ;)
Thanks for the shout out! Hope to see a lot of RYP members at the party
If it wasnt for my teammates, I would have quit playing a Long time ago. I love you guys!:)
So while i was trying to tune my guitar, my string popped. Scared the crap out of me!
I remember telling you about him in la fitness parking lot for the first time hahaha
It was sad to seesuch sordid and bloody slaughter
how old will u be?
RT : Playing one of my favorite songs off Paul's Boutique in 10 minutes
ard have fun be safe ... u know the rest lol ily .
nice!!! Milwaukee needs this service!
Chase is being cancelled? F you NBC, F you hard in the face! I guess I'll just watch you for 1 hour a week instead of 2 then.
passed my drive test! drinks on me!! lmao jk that's illegal.
Are you gonna sing???? That may be worth the trek out there!
they play next week.
that's what they stamped my hand with at the concert... still trying to get that off!
Just saw a chick on a crotch rocket. Could of sworn it was . Hot
Wow, very small world. I work there (obviously) but live in Belltown :)
hair is not a helmet
Is it just me or has the Cavs draft left us with more questions than answers?
And it kinda pissing me off .
Yea..somebody else must be tweetin dat stuff from her page..smfh
Healthbill signed with different pen for each letter of Presidents name. Pen shortage explains why William Jefferson Clinton didn't pass it!
I would like to thank all of the Village Mayors for attending the presentation of the new state-of-the-art Police Department Radio System
Omarion got talent with writing. STOP the hate. I don't agree with his name but fuck it. JUST LIKE COOL BREEZE SAID. WATCH FOR THE HOOK
Noles win 64 to 62 over Georgia Tech! Now back to saving lives with Rescue-101.
can't wait for 4/27 #consignment-So raspy!!!!!
Excited to audition for the lead in an indie feature! And got another audition for a short film... buzzing and moving!
The Carter IV<3
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is to know she matters in ya life.
I'd love to fire Comcast. Someday, I will.
just found your what fucking phish show should i listen to site... THANK YOU!!!
Congrats to Ashley Marlow & Jessica Pride, who won FREE tickts to the VA State Fair in our FB contest! See our FB wall for details!
omg. Let's hope Monica doesn't see your tweet. Lol.
CM Martinez asks MPT to w/draw item. Cole does. moving on to solar advisory committee
just buried my Grandfather today, a WWII vet, salute them for me.
So I'm not feeling #geometry today so I'm not Going
"Happy #TuesdayNightHoopla to my good friend and to all a good night!"
So, confess... How close to "done" are you with your shopping?
Get Haslem out... he is just so bad this season.
Time to start senior portfolio.
I have a solution that needs a problem.
#whosgonnalose - Pittsburgh at Miami - Miami will lose
we WANT romo but we NEED #wewantromo to trend!!!!! get it? yea you do.
Can i get a small " Hi " It would make my life :{) i just wanted 2 say that I love you and you're a huge inspiration to me <'3
Of course,what that really means is we need to give you more stuff and generate some income.
yep. them are really sumpthin.
My paralyzing fear of revolving doors is alive and well. I would like to scale a building rather than go through one of those suckers!
Per capita - Per head
Practice #ala11 #love today: be super super super kind to your patrons.
Good! Let me know how it goes and if you need any help in the Cloud
woot RT Wow! Big NYC hello to Chicagoland journohacker friends. Major inspirations, every one of them.
"Maybe you don't want it as bad as you thought; if you haven't done it as yet!—Delano Johnson
Hold on, people.
“: aren't all Asians supposed to be like, good at school? #NoOffense” lololol Choo is a sucky Asian...😳
Getting ready to do another #hairstyle #how to video. Tell me what #salon techniques you want to learn and i will send them your way!
Having the BEST time with the fam at #JRjrkickoff - SO excited about this great new kids store in NYC!
Andre should have gone straight to the rim
I ask my self, how did forever & always turn into forever apart
Oh, goodness. Stay safe--thinking of you!!!
Didn't know about the accident! So sorry to hear that terrible tragedy! Glad your son and girlfriend are okay. xo
Shit don't have anymore varnish. How am I supposed to put another coat on plus another painting?
o i just wanna get outta my house
Investment properties in South Florida make an annual profit of 15%
Already got my weekend all nicely planned out ^_^
I know right RT : Can the Spurs Just play already?
I love the sound of vacuuming in the morning. RT : it sounds like the person in the room across the hall is vacuuming.
I look forward to moving in my boys at timescare... in the window shopping phase right now. 4bedroom nyc
Sounds like a plan, Deborah.
Why the hell do I have dreams like that ?
“You know what I hate? Being ignored, put down, judged, feeling insecure, being hurt and losing friends.” true shit
home business idea
what the hell happened to Sosh? He used to such a great manager.
Mr. Right is out there. He loves long walks on the beach, curling up with a good book, and hates the word "muskrat".
Question: What is the 1 social network that is essential to your online marketing survival?
#SoundCloud has some terrific tools, and a really inspired community. We're looking forward to some terrific recordings.
Enjoy the weekend with Bottomless Mimosas until 3pm, wine tasting all day, and next week we roll out more new food items. Enjoy.
Oh wow. Interesting stuff. How do you feel sari.g this way?
why not now?
A hard thing about business is minding your own.
what time?
Big productive day at work, but my biggest achievement today was modeling enjoyment of the Beastie Boys to my toddler.
Upset Alert: #UMass leads 75-71 with two fts coming, 14 seconds to play over #21 #Temple. Huge win for Minutemen
shit i just been chillin on it, tryna make this money one C-note at a time. yu?
Exactly right MT : … every single exchange you have is an exercise in telling your story, you start seeing your #PracticalGenius”
Uhh, okay, suddenly I'm super stressing over tmw.
hi i am student
We're open tomorrow Easter Sunday! Shorty's will do the cooking so you can enjoy the holiday weekend.
I hate the dentist
break writing down to process or "formula" & it will make more sense. ELA teachers formulaic writing,but it's a start
Thanks I am in NY and will stop by at 6:30 for theclosing party #photography #Burma exhibition
Hello little helper owls! I have asked my question twice over the past 24 hours. Can I please get an answer?
if its on the way sure what train are we taking
Duplication day: lots of CD / DVD short-runs. Also working on some great animated video Christmas cards for Facebook; will post a link asap.
Gamophobia is the fear of marriage, relationships or commitment."
#WiseWordsToLiveBy The Golden Rule... Treat others how you want to be treated.. Corny but the truth!
So do red heads w/ bewbs
Thanks for hanging out at The Weeknd last night. We'll have to do it again sometime.
do yall make jerseys
I'm going to take you out next weekend.
dayuuum #may the force be w/u
You have to go through the whole grieving process, Sean.
Drinking game: Take a shot every time Aaron Craft is mentioned on the CBS broadcast.
Back at Sunset Towers tonight, duo, 7-11. Tower Bar.
Good luck with the first pitch tonight. Almost time. I will be watching!
My #writingsprint was cut to 45min by my son, but I got in 3 good pgs. How'd you do?
a few minutes ago i was like, in my head, i want pizza. THEN I GOT IT WHAT IN THE WORLD
People can be divided into three groups: Those who make things happen, those who watch things happen, and those who wonder what happened
One time I swear I saw an alien. Oh shit you just had a fkd up face?? Sorry. Lmfao
coach high school football... Better in Florida or Texas?
SO EXCITED~ I was invited back to Chicago this weekend to sing the National Anthem at the first home game of the CHICAGO BULLS PLAYOFFS!!!
apologies! Hope there's a next time you visit our city.
There's nothing wrong with being that person who stands out. Everyone is not meant to "fit in" ...
Pooo i wanted to win
text me
I just call them the Badd Boys.
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
do you have the brie & fig special today?
: Never base your Happiness on your circumstance. Know that your happiness is based on your belief in who U are.
Tiny one. Lasted for less than a second - just a slight off-balance sensation.
lol! XD its just a cute face I guess, haha sorry to confuse you! Well at least you learned a new smiley! :3
Interesting. MT : Pinterest started based on the notion of collecting - no place on the web to centrally collect items
Selena Gomez conjured five wins at the Teen Choice Awards - one more than boyfriend Justin Bieber.
Happy Tuesday!
I think I was meant to live on the beach. How does one go from growing up on the beach to living in a cold city?
- Wish I heard about this sooner! Any room on the waitlist for a history/space/natural science educator from a USS musuem?
or you could be both.
Not ranting. Sharing. But definitely high-octane!
I can't wait to finish backing up all this data... I'm way too excited about this SSD
Man it's March & we got #summer weather!
He is a Star! No doubt about it.
yup, that's frustration at its finest. Be done with the day.
#SAGawards Outstanding Male Actor in a Leading Role: Boom! Jean Djardin! Take that George Clooney! ha!
i HAVE to change! I'm just soo mad at myself right now :((
Attn guys I never wanna talk to: there's a Big Buck Hunter World Championship coming this fall.
There is a guy dougie-ing in his car next to mine on the Grand Central Parkway.
Awesome! I FEEL LIKE IM THERE
We have a new blog on our wall to update you on a new service we offer. Check it out and start improving your band's marketing through Adva!
PickUpLine: Hello. I have sex on the first date. Do you?
"you gotta spit cup in that escalade greg knead?"
relaxYou're in a safe placeWhere we dont allow drama or bad jujuSo sip your wine get off twitter and enjoy the fuckin movieXO
Don't forget what? :o
I love living in a place where I can't keep track of half the events and activities I'd like to take part in.
funny you mention it, i had a field day today on juli's site. so many nomnoms
Matt Barnes this is basketball not foot ball sir. LOL
Hey! I havent talked to ya in forever!
have a safe flight
Fox news regrets “any distress the false Tweets may have created.”
I'm not forgiving you this time. Ever. You've gotten away with this one too many times and you should of been locked up longer then 3 days
I didn't google it.. Common knowledge when ur obsessed with the men and food
Today I'm #grateful for my bookclub girls, for sticking to it, for reading some good books and sharing some quality time. Thnx SM and CR!
I got ass cheeks on my white tee, all these ho's is grindin on me.
OHMYGOSH! I love when that happens! (: you made my day! <3 thank you SO much girl!! That means a lot to me!
This seriously is like a new record. I've been up since 2:45am and somehow I'm in school. Kill me now.
3 more days til the weekend
great chatting with you as well - if you ever want to talk more on admins/moderators - just get in touch
Who df calls their boyfriend "Bubba" ???
Um, sista from anotha mista. I'm heartbroken and in trouble. Help me before my soul dies.
ON MY WAY TO Jacksonville !!!!! ergh
Lars instead? If York can't bat here they need to DL him..
I know
Danny we must hang. Gods can only be far apart for so long before humans begin to die!
Some people live painfully simple lives
How can they justify negating our RIGHTS like this? It is the SAME as a pimp taking away our personal sovereignty! We refuse the SHAMING!
Hope everyone is having a great holiday weekend!
Called infant too
Who? Haha RT : I kinda wanna go tell this dude from Far From Abandoned that I know who he is,but only because he dated my friend
Playing tomorrow night w/ Dan Friel, Jonas Reinhardt, and Musuki Aruvavo Lee. Come to it.
In a mood for Bourbon? Free Basil Hayden's & Knob Creek tasting tonight 5-7pm at France 44 Wines & Spirits
I thought I ate reasonably healthy, but this is a wake-up call. Great ideas.
Sorry to my haters sorry that you couldn't phase me
We are #teamfashion and will be keeping everyone updated on our latest products and styles here and on our blog.
jealous... Enjoy MIA!
(I keep feeling like he should be at #c21nonhuman.)
Been free boobin' and free ballin' all day.
I'm saying bro Yo u should check out my song lake city I made a remix to rack city on sum laker Shit YouTube Barak lake city
dude. He's anchoring!
family nws: People love to personalize- and anthropomorphize- their network connections + devices with visual tools.
Technology Leaders Council begins at 1pm today - yes we know the UC game is on (we're watching!).
might need a little 5 hour energy or I hear the MIO energy is a better tasting alternative :) Don't tweet and drive, Be safe!
Thank you for the support!!!
We keep producing talent for big league clubs to sign, or trade for. Glass is in the market to make $, not win IMO
the #smashbrothers shoot their 1st video for their single "Swag on a Billion tomorrow! Any #models interested holla at us!
I freaking love Steve-O xD
Love working with amazing clients like the ! Are you following them? They are doing amazing things! Get involved!
Wow, you guys are really nice to your interns. Don't recall getting help like that from my internships 8 years ago.
im great.youu?
#ThatAwkwardMoment when your bus driver talks to himself and makes weird noises....
Right along with "real talk", "really" and "like"... Like, so many ppl are gonna like hate me cause like IDGAF...
Nope - no one has ever noticed. Good eye!
Would you bed down on wool?
Two Virginia colleges made the list, I was glad to see.
#Bromance ": happy Bday twin"
//I use that app frequently!
Sounds like a solid idea!
Some day we will be doing intellectual, cultural and literary history at the level of the sentence. That is the big idea.
Justice for Trayvon. An arrest now followed by complete investigation.
If you can't accept me at my worst... you don't desrve me at my best ~ unknown
I miss the my world tour
On the WESTest I'm gonna put F-A-G for all the answers.
Of course. and I will always love you. You Tweet cool.
What type of setup do you have for that pair workstation? Thinking about setting one up and curious what you've got. thx
Has the promotion of www.Boise.429.com started?
thank you.
thanks :] you're awesome!
Isn't it a big world? Don't you worry about the little things, don't let the daylight rob your wings.
Work in the medical field? Learn the basics on exposure prevention and incident response of blood born pathogens
I've had pictures that drive a lot of traffic, but is that the kind of traffic you want? For me, the answer is no.
First 'starstruck' moment as an NYC resident. Dominique Strauss-Kahn's nephew was the previous tenant in my room. Should I DNA test the bed?
What's the #1 place you discover new music these days?
Is Mike Mulligan steampunk?
Banged out lots of fliers, but 2 Hennies too many
Just bought it.
congrats my friend
I have a whole bottle of apple Schmirnoff 0_0
you wanna switch? I have a blackberry. '_' haha ! :-p how about the iPhone5? :D
Would you like to support a career development & networking group: #PWG: Provides employment retention programs!
Aahh, some people are just so weird and creepy.
I'm not dumb nor stupid. You can't even TRY to play with my intelligence. I know too much!
Will that phrase be replacing "Fucking Logic." or will we now see both in quantity? :)
I didn't even think to ask! Yes, I will be at SCMS. Looking forward to it. Whoa, that Theberge piece looks interesting...
I wonder if belive volume 2 wuld come out with volume 1 or follow behind it & I had a feeling thy wuld find away 2 fit all those songs on2..
Well its official; my phone charger is broke!! Smh.
F000d > a boyfriend
WE DEFINITELY DEFINITELY ARE, IM JUST SUFFERING THROUGH THE WHITEST MUSIC EVER
looking for java + ror developer based in austin and ror lead in southern florida!
Just munched a 'Cupcake' road goodie worth 2 points!
The studio art grad students are busy installing their work! Opening April 27th at 6 pm!!!
When I hear tapping outside my window. I don't think it's my prince to come kiss me. I think its a serial killer about to kill me.
"Nurture your mind with great thoughts."
Getting surgery tomorrow. I'm so nervous :(
No snow for Christmas :(
yeah, alright.... (VanGundy) voice... I'll tune in later to hear give proper kudos (respect).
The gym can really wear u out....damn I'm tired
-sigh- Shultz. You were standing right there
skype is trying to force me to upgrade by repeatedly bringing up a popup. Irritating as hell!
no!! She mite get all mean
At WOF with Lindsey!!! :) I'm loving the haunt!
It's like space shuttle software, only retro.
the whole ep was weiner version of we found love.
I just woke up at 5am to what seemed like 15 minutes of a horrible acid trip. So much for sleeping. Damn brain, you scary.
Shake dat ass! U don't kno how that make a nigga feel
Chillin at Spiral Helix's place.
Fantasy Baseball Waiver Wire Pickups – Week 3 Batters
-that's pretty cool of you.
Playing cover of payphone to everyone I know!
Twitter Friends!! ---> Please follow & download the app for FREE TEXTING!! You will #LOVE :)
Watching spongebob and thinking how you're never to old for Spongebob. is a perfect example. :]
I'm going to name your first born child Sodacan (; ehhehehheheh I watched the outsiders but the name is better than soda pop
Heard a theory today that weezy mouth kissing baby was strategically planned to get the gay audience ready for nicki, aubrey and leggings
what do you predict he does next year? Best case?
I'm paraphrasing, but I'm pretty sure it was "feel free to throw stones at Ron Artest. That dude's fucking crazy."
we will comeback and win
Finished my physical science project.
phone is charging so get off my back
it's not an "era" until you win a ring CRAIG! - Karl Malone
been out of the loop a few days. just curious, what was Doug's take on the Feelin So Fly Like a Cheesehead song?
Lmao not that game again too much confusion. But def.ly we gone get it in
yes. I do. I found him on facebook and he turned down my friend request. I was not happy lol!
great idea & would love 2 participate. can't seem to get in with old account or create new one. any1 that can help me with this? thx
Do you ever wonder what it feels like to be pregnant?
#DetroitPartyMarchingBand showed up at my friend's apartment for his birthday party last night. So much noise & crowded groovin'
You have a lot of room to talk, lard ass, and a lot less talent...
Bruins win!!!! Leave it to Seguin! Ow ow! :D
happy birthday!
Getting a lot of spam with Twitter. How do I prevent that?
is too bomb A'F< 3
Enjoy the spring day ... shortest season on earth.
just wait till we get taco bueno in Houston
RT : #MM Thank you for your service... >>>>Thanks so much! John
Very true. I'm surprisingly excited about this pick. I very much respect RAC's opinion.
No ambition RT : Look around , we just some young dudes trying to upgrade our clothes and automobiles
I no longer except; liars, controllers nor ego driven people in my life. If you bring love, enlighten conversation and empathy_ welcome!
"What is a weekend?" Great lines of dialogue encompass plot, theme and character. Short too.
Everybody's gotta learn sometime.
I actually don't think they did anything wrong. Probably a longer conversation than 140 characters ... :)
720 n Dick's!
Looking forward to a night at home with (love of my life)
unconditional love is the best thing in the world :)
Why must we add a greeting line in #email messages? It seems that a lot of time can be saved if we just got to the point!
has been a huge success! Thanks 2 Hotel #Albuquerque, , myself & the people who come out 2 have fun!
I'm impressed with the amount of hurt being broadcast out there. Speak up Healed people!
Holy shit! #WalkingDead How am I gonna cope til freaking FALL?!? ugh.
Business meeting today with a Limo service, looking to add a fleet to our company for events, and sponsored athlete transportation.
Playin hide n seek at balboa park! Julian's back! Like the ol' days!
I rec'd my Bedroom Kiss & Happiness & Joy - life will be more pleasurable - and I won't need a boy ;)
We made love by the ocean as the waves crashed around you.
I think way too deep sometimes
To become a member of the world's largest veterans service organization, send us a message. The American Legion~Still Serving America.
MAN!!! Dave Weckl is a MONSTER!!! #Random but true!
#RochMNAngela Budensiek from Shorewood Senior Campus on air now!
: I'd like to say it's not personal, I just don't feel like being on a r wing watch list, but if we met, I'm sure it would be so
If love won't fly on it's own free will,it's gonna catch that outbound plane
What? You have another account in case you don't remember....
yes... how do u know? ugh kill me now.
I'd like a speed reading grace
oh yeah dude, saw you sittin right back there. Ball hit the bat, people cheered...not you though! lol
Send me over the winner names in a personal message!
Seton Hall University IT Services reports multiple servers down. SHU IT is investigating. Pls RT to SHU Community.
Tried to sign up and your site gave me an error?
you get my message bruh?
now theres only love in the dark .
they were knowledgeable, friendly and went the extra mile. The guy even customized my moms phone. Good job
'Local press needs level playing field on subsidies' - Press Gazette
Thanks for announcing that for us.
but then we are all brought together by hbo first look!
Sometimes I wonder why u converse with this this big bitch.. she is the worse!!
Thanks to everyone who came to hear us at in Allentown this past weekend! We'll play that promised encore next time ;0
When I read The Lover I remember being angry. People gave me Kerouac like a sacred key. Look! Male alienation! He was a peddler to Duras.
Make more margsRT : My mason jar is filled with margarita I'm with my bests and the tv is on the thunder game
"The Mad Elf Ale" from #Troegs Brewery is now in my top five beers.
Such a natural beauty..like this one!!
Fitter is the facebook and twitter app for dieters.
Tomorrow night Dr. Marbut kicks, hey, hey hey, no he's talking about homeless in #Clearwater. Details coming on the board after dinner.
Where do I start:)
it is already number 2!
#TrueStory: On MLK day a guy said your not off work. Dr.King fought so you could be @ the parade.... No he fought so I could w…
Montana (the bar, not the state), 7ish.
Not even that long! I was thinking of drawing again and making a video of it
Let's make it a great day !
I love design but... I can't help you w/ that one. I might have to disagree w/ that statement. lol :)
For everyone that don't know, ill be playing in a celebrity basketball game this Saturday hosted by v103. I'm going in right now to show out
appreciate it my dude.
Are any nannies out there planning on taking the kids #TrickOrTreating? Are you dressing up, too?
Hahahaha junior she just hates her life
My heart plays Death Metal constantly...so no.
Can't afford a web design but want a mobile site? Check out mobify.me.
yes! Let's get that funded too.
I'll the whole damn world know I'm mad at them, unless I'm dating you. Then you will never know.
listening to old song
call me innocent. Or not because I first stared at the model and then jumped to the jumbled up xourself.
(2/2) ...paper's called "Naturalism, authorship, and the picture as world in Simone Martini’s Icon of Louis of Toulouse."
Hey - I'm DJing at the Seward Alehouse tonight and was going to try and say hi. Are you around?
Dude came n got MY key around midnight cuz he was locked out da house, but aint tryna open da door for me when i got home?
straight off the "matty glockerz" playlist on my iPod.
"Where the spirit does not work with the hand there is no art." Leonardo Da Vinci
We got a Wii yesterday for free from a friend! And today we are buying remotes....movin on up in the world! ;)
"A statue of someone who was probably really important once, but now he's just dead."
"In Liquid Days / Land Travel(s) Hard / Fly Home Daughter / Cover Your Ears"
Princess Peach has left the Bay and returns to the Castle...
what if somebody lives in a van, inside a garage...and they sell the whole van....that certainly is an estate sale,
THANKS FOR THE WEB ADDY
Girl if i took you Home i Wonder..
wow, congrats!
Hand soap twinsies with !!!
damn son! Better re add that bbm list!
you should invite Stephanie Gerding, trainer extraordinaire! (This is SarahW, tweeting about #PLA12. I have clapping skills!)
NF DIZ YOUNG NICCA NEW SINGLE YES YOU ARE IZ A CLASSIC N DON-G SAID DAT!!! #RealR&B
"People here say 'flippin' a lot." - DB on the Midwest
Your Account has been Hacked, Rivkah. They waited until Shabbat. Change your password!
Hon. Gina Abercrombie-Winsty Stanley, is the Malta's newest U.S. Ambassador,
I think I might have Histrionic Personality Disorder. Yay.
You are welcome. You always have good info.
curious, did they say why they cared if you publish?
DreamFace Interactive planning early April release of DreamFace Cloud App Dev Platform #cloud #cloudcomputing #bigdata 4 widget-based apps
Make the conscious choice to create it or not
Go and purchase the book!!!!!!! Amazon.com BarnesandNoble.com LuLu.com GET YOURS TODAY!!!!!!!!
i hate it wen poeple adds u on facebook and then ask you out like come on poeple that is no OK!!!! (>_<)
Best wishes!RT Thanks for putting up with a replay today folks. s dad is in ICU after collapsing this morning.
today in gym a girl was like "5 fingers to da face" and I literally screamed and I was so excited that she knew that song!! :)
Eden Fridays Happy Hour 5-11p, Open Bar 5-7p, Free buffet 6-8p, DJ Creme, Rooftop action, Grown & Sexy and Ques will take over. Be there!
Thanks blizzard for delaying game play just long enough that I can finish this project. Awfully sweet you care that much.
omg <3 it sounds amazing,
I have a wonderful little yellow digital one, $10 from costco business center the brand is taylor
I can't believe what I just saw at the BHM airport - segway trikes. Doesn't that kinda defeat the whole novelty? Ill try to get a pic
Aint no mistaking playing or faking u got me open and waiting!
wear protection<3
#FF our national appointees: , , ,
": When I meet soulmates, it never takes "time" for me to recognize them. I'm thankful for vision."
out was chilly when I got in the car.
No one can build his security upon the nobleness of another person. – Willa Cather
Greatest remark ever! Ahahahah':D
S.P.C.A. is used in animal welfare circles as an acronym for Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
if you are a lilwayne fan tweet and say lilwayne
I'm on a mission with FLP and need you on my team! msg me for info!
The first Sunday of the year after the end of the 2011 NFL season! :( SUCKS!!! Cannot wait till 2012 kicks off!!!
Another movie my husband worked on, called Eden, won Audience Favorite Our good friend, Megan, the director, won Best Female Director
something is off in your iffft settings!
I think you're great! Follow me?
The Internet is being so slow right now and I'm actually trying to use it for work and not Facebook
Almost got hit by a casket delivery truck today.
“: Sitting in the #MCDM row at #smcsea-- wooooot! #represent” yes we are!
thanks for being a part of YOTT
Stooges are doing some nice non-traditional
water boy
Two years ago at this time I thought the worst thing that could happen to Sid Crosby's head was him hitting the Stanley Cup off it
RT : October 30th 2009...mark your calendars... performing live at The Hidden House...mor ...
I did actually but it was like over a month ago.
I realize now that when your heart breaks, you got to fight like hell to make sure you're still alive. And that pain you feel? That's life.
July 4th safety tips on theentertainmentbucket.com. enjoy :)
stay safe, warm & enjoy!
Everything just kind of blends together now.
Craving a shake ! Since I saw 's photo on
it was no fun without you. It was terrible! Awful! Raincheck?
Big Shout outs to thanks for the love wrking on new work and improving every show. Thankful I have u!
I'm pretty.
Thx for the follow, thumbs up on ur tweets, we are preparing an awesome cloud app pltform, tweet me if u want to know+
how much money do you spend on making videos? I'll gladly donate to help keep them coming.
is yours working?
Hey Liz, nope! You're in good company!
my dick>> lakers
Check out our latest tweet to see how we used their donation...coming in handy!
oh ok
#delusionaltweets RT : Like me!!! RT Warm as the sun dipped in black...
I am listening to it. 8-3 :D
50% off hair services with me at until the end of March!!! Happy St. Pattys Day!!! (excludes keratin services)
What if my play is boring?
are you full for your event?
I feel like this is the second time you've referenced John Mayer today.
Our patio is open! Are you here?
Building partnerships shouldn't feel like door-to-door solicitation, i.e., "Can I put you down for 2 boxes of chocolate thin mints & 1 MoU?"
good luck on your panel. Wave me down. I'll save you some strawberries
Me, I never said I didn't, if I didn't care I would have never said anything durr. And how is it stalking if it's on my TL?
With 40 bucks I can buy a share of Facebook and a cheeseburger. Nice.
Great service from Richard Food was delish! Had the watermelon gazpacho, spinach pizza & chocolate mousse. M.
Eating some COOKIE CRISP cereal 4 breakfast, ugh I don't wanna go 2 work 2day....
Gm sexy
showering with a child? WTF?
now do me please
#BlogHer11 early this week my social media/networking prof said no one reads blogs anymore. Is blogging passé ?
of all the novel ideas buzzing around in my head I'm currently most dedicated to an epic fantasy.
you dreamt to me today! It was amazing! All the time, I regret that I woke up .. I hope to meet you, but this time in real life;)
. He missed the point. WAR is allegorical. It's about a Star Trek fan (Reese) choosing btw TOS (Kirk/Pine) and TNG (Picard/Hardy).
Lawd have mercy!!! All these groupon customers are gonna make me ring they neck!! Lmao
I think it might be fun to dress up like prom tonight. ;)
FUCK LIFE my old crush is going out with hoar. W.e do3 i got tons more. lol jk who am I talking about
Back on the grind.
Everybody's pissing me off 
Crashed opening night of DON'T DRESS FOR DINNER. Saw Rachel York again. Thrills and chills, y'all.
Lester- quick move off the back of the mound will pick Abreu right now.
NOW IM ON MY KNEEESS PRAYINNNN
They are all not impressed by mere conversations. Action speaks louder than words.
when people tell me I look really tan
In school lol...
I'm excited to have a mass brainstorm session in which we throw all kinds of word pairings on the screen
Just happily remembered is new tonight! Score!
Here! she said breathlessly after climbing a flight of stairs--pathetic!
Happy New Year!!!!
But u know mi affi out and about
Shit, I definitely can't come in the am. I'm gonna come after work.
....So late but TY
Cant wait for this job to call me back!!! #$11.75/Hour
did you audition for the new #Orioles PA guy???
Word is out only to the exclusive nigs though.
#Siri, you are not Omnipotent.
follow it's just one button to press!
hey there are usa boys. #lameexcuse ;)
Like this RT "Dad stands for Demanding Awesomeness Daily" - Gerald McCoy
