thanks for the tweet
Thanks for your enthusiasm! will decide what to order, but they may be open to suggestions ;)
Starting back at work today. I'm definitely not going to like getting up at 7 everyday. :(
Abby's going on a trip to Great Britain next year!
Experience comprises illusions lost, rather than wisdom gained
Of all u guys that threw out the first pitch who had the best stuff
how do you know it's Monday? Me and my wife just cut promos talking to our kids about how they have to eat dinner
Vancouver police look for person who threw acid in a woman's face by Esther Short park. They hope to talk to victim today. Was this random?
lol hes a jet now i have to. But hes still a dolphin for life
3) If you are suspected of committing either of these crimes you can be held until your immigration/citizenship status is verified
so proud of u bb♥ can u make my wish come true and tweet me HI or follow me or something?!!!!♥
just had the best Paella with chicken and shrimp at work cafe OMG gonna get fat!
BIC Draft Party! "Here We Go Brownies Here We Go"!
I wish you nothing but the best
They're absolutely beautiful - I'll see if I can get some pictures to post.
ok what do i do after that
Come find me round town, windows down, blasting 90s music. Still tryna get a beach group goin, if anything, its a suburban BBQ kinda day.
i enjoyed yhur company saturday && dnt let it be a whole nother year before i see yhu again !
your behind the music documentary was poppin Salute
lmaooo he is he not wearing a pinky ring today he's smooth with everything he got all the arab teachers going crazy over him
Mike Scifres (chargers) and Michael Irvin are officiating this #Pac12Tourney game. Haa.
"Crushed ice hockey"
it would be nice but even we need our beauty sleep :)
Lovin' Vegas baby! AVN is great - full of sexy ladies! Can't wait to party at Piranha tonight! Swingfest give-aways tonight at the party!
so are u going to take the job or what?
Rise & Shine & kick out the Glory-Glory .... So many ways to be grateful!
dear channeling my inner
nt nasty to me
The boxing world lost one of the greats... Rest in Peace Smoking Joe!!
set not disappointing at all
- Very cool! =) Thanks a lot! We're trying to do weekly giveaways on there so definitely check it out. Enjoy the game!
i wanna know gabby . Why you think im askin ? This is gonna ruin my weeknd if you really dont tell me
- I am following you. How weird is that? Send some good tweets!
You are so kind. Thank you. RT : #FF A #MustFollow An Absolute favorite. Have a Fantastic weekend :)
Thanks Cara! We're so grateful for your support. Keep up the good work in NYC.
That is sad :( I've been updated on your life though... I'm sure that doesn't sound creepy at all to you.
you really don't care about me.
I miss when I was little, and I didn't care about my weight, clothes, or hair; I just did what made me happy.
Second tweet RT of 's second tweet: "Just had a medium lunch. Please RT."
I love colleges that send you
Or maybe he does.. *sighs* wht to do what to do
You try way too hard.
Yeeee S/O To The Best Taco Shop In Town
The fiancee has appleTv; trying to sync it with iTunes - I am convinced (again) those of you Apple users have no clue what computers do
i guess you won't be snowboarding this weekend.
It's laundry day.....
Go follow beliebers
She a playa
check our locator, free for download on iPhone and android, or on our website
Dirk AWESOME
Hahaha, I have the running ability of a sloth with four broken legs. Well..hopefully a little better than that, hah.
Not watching the fight tonight - but got some money on it. Going out with a VERY good friend tonight.
Also need a good deal on a sax mic clip if anyone has/knows hit me up
AMEN!!!!!!! BUT you should do the religion. Cuz we might not switch 2morrow
Developers who think they can live in a dark cave and only come out for food are fooling themselves.
meant point guard not every guard
well..he will need protection
Happy #Monday everyone! In honor of the quickly approaching #summer, what are your #travel plans for your break?
I just did like minutes ago. Maybe I typed your email wrong hold on
Shout out to my family...
la bodegita , google it
A special s/o 2 the people who talk behind someone's back. Bitch
A woman asks little of love: only that she be able to feel like a heroine. ~Mignon McLaughlin
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination- Oscar Wilde
haha yea! :D
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something. – Thomas Henry Huxley
does anyone else think it's super awkward to have someone serenade you?
Let's get this #tweet machine cranked up!
Chew with your mouth closed
for the new books shelf?
My two favorite guys are going to be at my game tonight #oneluckygirl :)
Uploading The 6kness
Amazing! Hot product that I will most certainly be using!
#WTF? [Tickling was outlawed in some ancient middle eastern countries because it was thought to be an aphrodisiac.]
One gas-powered lawn mower running for an hour puts out as much pollution as 11 cars, says EPA. Wow....there's no standard 4 mowers?
The moment when you get and text and it isnt him:(
Was shopping at World Market when they started playing some Eddie Vedder/ukulele song. Exactly what I get for shopping at World Market.
What is the reason way Andy Rooney is still on 60 minutes? What purpose does he serve? I can't figure...
#remeberwhen nba live was the shit
I hear vitamix makes a mean peanut butter
Surely we'll see the 'slirt' before this debacle ends. 'Slirt' = sleeves - shirt
Im feeling much better n im at school wif :)
They are.
#sincewerebeinghonest i trend to get follows so Ill become a half-assed celebrity
hope I win!
RT : what flavor? beef or chicken?
Did you see that FLES teacher Yanira Umana from Arcola received her National Board Certification? What an honor for LCPS!!
in Canada
ha. well, I guess not that literally.
no problem, you can go back to unfollowing me now
I know Zimmerman wasn't a cop, but these kids already know that they wont be treated fairly by 5-0. They already think the gig is up.
Happy Monday! For all of our gardeners, here are some growing tips for broccoli. We hope your gardens are looking good!...
A big win for US Soldiers coming home from war. Fucking VA should be ashamed it took so long to recognize these kids need a support system
Counting down the days
O i see so u gone b up 4 awhile 😃
Yer that is true
your new single 11:11 is amazing I love it
Really wanna go eat sushi:/
and I are having a Knoxville trip today...watch out!
 RT : here's to the kids who have their own concerts in their room.
I'm totally THANKFUL for ALL of my teachers for teaching me all that I know now.
Plan your work and work your plan. . .
no words is an Understatement smh
It's always a treat to see someone care about something other than themselves. I admire her very much
Donald & Peta...yum
take a look at what you did,
Tune in to our conversation about the foiled bridge bombing plan on 90.3 right now.
Sorry folks... the reason for my announcement fell through for the moment. It's postponed until at least the last week of March.
great night with the ladies at #Mavs NBA Basketball 101. shouts to the ladies i escorted to each station... good night tweets.
Spa pedis with mommy for Mother's Day!! #m #feelingood 😌
OK the holidays are over and we are done with charity work. We are looking to book our talent for a job, looking for casting notices
yep! THE best #chessmover of all time!
do y'all have tickets yet?
in the back... U here?
are u getting a 1-on-1?
thanks for making me laugh.
Any Game of Thrones addicts here?! ...last night's episode, ...how could they!?!
- great quote!
I hate; very early wake up
So True! RT : I don't understand fruit snacks, because fruits already were snacks.
thanks for the follow! :)
Robert Downey Jr. is attending George Clooney's fundraiser for Obama? I thought he was a Republican.
Ok its 4-4 and they have Burnett coming in
If you're in D.C. today, stop by Planet Pet in Adams Morgan. They're having a silent Auction to benefit our cause!
Thanks to Croft and Associates Architecture for donating Open Arms meals to children w/ cancer who are spending day after day
Extremely bright future especially if it stays Garcia/Baffert RT #7 "contested" much the best in the eight belles race 7 cd
: Thank you for posting the video of James Franco singing "love you like a love song." I listen to it and I'm
neither #rangers nor #giants is even the biggest brand of its nickname in sports
I miss my ex im looking at his face in my class but ion want him to know
thats so sad :(
all done!! relaxing and food then #PhiladelphiaFlyers time!
Never tell them u saw it on tv they will still have no clue what u r talking about
Aint nun with bein coo , everything aint always about sex you knoo
LAST DAY to ORDER Appalachian Granny's fresh, yummy desserts before Christmas! Order by 6 pm today! 614-732-2803
RT : The Derby on Mexican day is America. Let's roll.
Order Now Pearl iZUMi Women's Peak II Trail Race Train Shoe,Cool
What would your touchdown celebration be? Get the #ChevyGameTime app and answer trivia for a chance to win Chevys.
2 problems... 1) #Marine discharged for FB post about Obama...WTF!! 2) THIS is a top news story. Most of us think our boss is a JACKASS!
The price of greatness is responsibility. ~ W. Churchill
The best shows of TV AND
Mental Warfare
i miss you :(
Our S.O.W.: Groppi's Hot Italian sausage/fresh mozz/fresh oregano! We now have Sprecher Cherry cola. Word!!!!
Tattoos are no longer symbols of rebellion, they are products of insecurity.
wow that just ridiculous -_-
I hope you always happy. you deserve it. to do this, I'll be always by...
BH Trivia Q: What year did Guy Buford became the first African-American to travel in space? Ck www.AmericanLegacyMag.com for the answer
Aww...Thank you Michael!
what were you expecting ? Lyrics as deep as Thom Yorke? ;-)
she thinks they're cute, but is very allergic so no piggy cuddle time for her! :)
Night followers
great minds think alike!!
we found dove in a soapless place
good point but he just annoys me.
: BREAKING: Big fire in downtown Johnson City on East Main Street at Capones.
Hello! Glad to be connected. Kupoz offers your business FREE mobile media marketing Happy Holidays from 2U
It is a beautiful March day in Illinois! How are you enjoying you're Sunday?
use a service like Instapaper and make that your homepage at the office?
#ThisisEpic- all of the survivors in Chile! Headlines Chile Celebrates Miner's Miracle!
Realizing how lucky is for having an hour and a half before class..
voting is from sunday to thursday so vote as many times as you can and show support!!
Not viewing video on savebluth.com on itouch-can ELI post actual YouTube URL?
Need to go to sleep NOW. Off to FL in a few hours. :)
hm. MAYBE i'll start using twitter again more regularly. i don't really have anything else to do...
20 piece Chicken Ring from White Castle at 1am. Enough said
I've been following my instincts for years. The cops finally arrested me for stalking. I have to stay 200 feet away from my initial reaction
heyy you wanna help me out? :)
Just took a bite of heaven. Cheesy gordita crunch with Doritos shell = pure and utter bliss. All credit goes to
Excited about the weekend!
Hey Charles why dont u have a twitter account?
thanks for pointing to this. Just finished it. Making copies for 'the decision makers'.
Have a great evening folks! And a fine gig, if ya got one!
follow me Desmond1598
lets go Syracuse ..I am bleeding orange all day! Go #Cuse!
Whole City Gettn Shot Up 2nite
Stay focus Rude Boy n Rated R Roulette n the mirror Let U Or Inside Edition showed ur tattoo Howard Fast Book Deal
lol cameras. People. Skimpy dress.haha
#WeLiveInAWorldWhere sweatshirts alone are okay to wear outside of the bedroom. Aka, in public.
Awesome! Wishing you continued success!
seriously. King of all deuchebags!
then sometimes I walk into Walmart just to get lost.
I enjoy inventing small tasks for my son to do. Such as: put the yogurt in the fridge, hang your coat on the hook, bring Mama a Magic Hat
you need a cool name now like ;)
So hungry.... Too bad I'm sitting, waiting on batting
#wordoftheday Maffick (v) to celebrate w boisterous rejoicing and hilarious behavior. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3
Don't forget your $200 raybans. Oh thanks babe. Good call. #fuck #sitting on the table.
RT : Adopted/Foster kids need the intensity, frequency and duration of what they missed in their infancy.
Haha she knew my tweet last night was about her haahaha
progress stalled today. I might have to move at a slower pace than I used to, but this could be good for me. Slowin down & lookin around.
Yoga session in 20, right? I found Jordan doll yesterday. Not so flexible in 1990.
All the shit goin down in the world and I'm thinking about my golf swing. That either makes me very zen, or a douche
MORE #TATTOOMUSIC COMING YOUR WAY
Ugh I have a bump like rite up under my eye.
When you love someone and then they rip your chest out <
nothing much punk this dude kept my Xbox hostage 🔫
Im cold
Aint nobody checking for your garbage a lot of intuition I aint never finished college.
Hopefully everyone is ready for the party! We're getting some great raffle prizes! Everything we raise gets donated to Hunger Task Force!
$50 treatments for "Spa Week" beginning Sept. 13th! Call (425) 643-5772 to make your appointment!
GOP middle class: Your party wants you to have freedom to own guns & wants banks to have freedom to foreclose on your house. #ButNoSex K?
it's a good thing you were there. It could have gotten ugly.
#AmITheOnlyOneThat gets those moods of sadness & you don't know why ?
“: >>>>> #bestsongsever” well thank you!
We will be tonight in Frederick, Maryland (MD) at Olives restaurant on Market Street. Our Djang'olives show starts at 9pm. No Cover.
Shorter #SOTU: I killed Osama...(some other stuff)...In conclusion, remember I killed bin Laden.
Okay! RT : Come hear me read from my new book, PITCH, at the Loft in Mpls Wed 7pm. Launch party!!
another class at 6...till then im chillin like a villan
Woooot! Have a great shoot!
|#quotes The future of our country is not found in our boardrooms, but in our classrooms.
did you do a podcast this month yet?
Again takes me to and fro, 7am-7pm
Us artists are bright eyed & bushy-tailed today in the Convention Center, here from 11-6 through Saturday. Bring your pals!
I'm sure Moseley hasn't forgotten it either!
Should you see an entire thing it looks that it is always lovely.
I love that movie!
happy birthday mommy planet ^.^
When someone says #imFromJERSEY I usually respond with oh I thought I smelled something.
Can already tell its gonna be a bad day.
Stay off Woodward after a Tigers game
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow 
of course!! I suggest that froyo be involved in this date.
im back
Get outta my life
Nice run, Bill & thx for sharing the college financial aid video.
Hillis saw light work today and is questionable to start, given how that's played out, I'm leaning more out than in
hmm trying to decide if I want to check off chicken or beef on the invitation to my wedding. I probably won't even have time to eat it!
the photo is not coming up
i'm jealous of everyone who is drinking a CBTL tea latte right now. mostly because they're probably in california.
So excited for my first spring training game tomorrow! Wahoo!
email me your addie and I'LL come pick u up and I think we can handle the little mister as well!!!
RT : ... , a vehicle for PR? DH will inevitably reach beyond the acad; that's a good thing. Just monitor judiciously.
ah, the crazy things I kind of almost miss about Vermont.
In ATL. Let's get it poppin.
Are you getting a bag?
Great show this Friday the 13th with lots of fun guests.....Two very special HOMAGE TO VETERANS! Stay tuned.........
what u doin
Ferdinand A Porsche dies today at 76. He designed the Porsche 911.
The number of men and women age 65 and older cohabiting outside of marriage nearly doubled between 1990 and 2000.
you werent an old lady that time ;)
Happy Mother's Day!
IVY: Creative Commons is a way to restrict use or access of your work while still remaining open.
Lmao just saw an interview about lady complaining how expensive Jordan's are that's whats causing the riots in the black community
Check us out on Facebook!!!!
Generations inform our frame of reference" "technology (as a word) has no meaning"
just remind yourself that in less than two months we'll be on vacation together 😊
When you wake up naked next to the prettiest girl ever.. Her sleepy sighs remind me of the ecstatic highs I made her scream last night.. ;D
Im calling at 10! Cody is my idol! Hes so amazing!
happy wednesday, everyone! (: how are you all today?<3
Seussical is coming up! Come see it March 2 or 3 at 7:00 in the evening! Tickets are $1.00.
Like I said many times, the markets are a leading indicator. Trade the tape and the facts, not the rumor or news
Relax?! We'll try... Om. RT : Daily #SHOUTOUTS Hope you have a Relaxed day! Make it happen, take care
turning my phone of so nobody can bother me!
So had a good tyme now tonite im hittin up rio crown club come join vegas popz
Morning Farmers, swing by for Thankful Thursdays & pick up any two top shelf grams for $30 donation. Our strain of the day is Island Dawg!
#GhettoCountryLoveSongs Take Another Little Piece of My Heart (and i'll pop a cap in your ass)
Lane Kiffin is a cool dude. He hung out with my buddy Kevin and I and answered all of our questions. Really down to earth.
Going to gay school!
Thanks Hillary!
lol! Since our chat the "fanny parking" has taken place in other potentially fruitful areas. Thurs/Fri is #Hutton day.
: I've traveled moderately. Can't say I'm a big fan of Baltimore, but I live here so I make best of it. Snot the best place.
Bourne: IRs are too institutional. Need to focus on sharing between institutions and act collectively.
Question for our baseball fans: What would be a fun baseball themed Flashmob? We want your awesome ideas!
So, I'm up 4 no reason. Da whole house is asleep & I've been up since 4:30 w/ nothing to do. I'm catching up on my dvr'd shows. Mawn'n yall
is sad. a real gentleman. always had a kind word for the kid reporters. which you are now, right?
It's official DEAD ISLAND coop with the whores been waiting 2 play this game let's see what this game all about #xboxlive 
Want to send a special s/o congrats and good luck to all my friends at new voice who are nominated and will be at the grammys 2m! Also Jason
Voice of an Argentine angel... Modern meds / surgeries have kept my heart beating for 22 years. Thumbs-Up, I passed all physicals!
hey for the winter packet do we do all the problems?
can't wait for the day to be over with.. so tired :/
When u first opened u offered limited entrees prix fixe to introduce community to ur quality--maybe repeat for new diners?
125 more followers till I get to 1000!!!! RT!!!!!!!!
Your fucking annoying . Shut the hell up .
Who wants some facts? :P
Ugh, I hate those days when no one wants to answer my fucking texts
This is weird.
Is there a game out there to re-tweet vacuous tweets by athletes? I'd hate to not be in on the joke.
Can you #showyourheart to me?
Set the tone for your day claiming yourself love. We're created from the highest source, YOU ARE, WE ARE ONE WITH THAT SOURCE. PERFECTION
Wear your learning like your watch, in a private pocket; and do not pull it out, and strike it, merely to show that you have one. ~Lord Che
You know it's bad when I can ID a fire truck or ambulance just by the sound of its engine from years of living here with Kenny.
As soon as you feel it start, do a double dose of zinc lozenges for 2 days. The cold will go away or be no big deal. Fact.
For the fifth night in a row. It's time to move Rickie off that leadoff spot.
RT : Getting to the side of the stage where your favorite member is going to be ♥
Ain't nothing like a good Sunday dinner!
there are USPS boxes throughout terminal 1. Check a directory for exact locations.
Been waiting for a text
Saddened "big nut bars" no longer a billboard at Citi Field
thanks, i really do try. lol jk, it comes naturally. (;
can you somehow make it possible for me to transfer to mcarthy?
I think the fail were the visuals in regard to the martians ": Disney just didn't know how to market it. Huge fail"
I always see you around school but we haven't been able to talk much. #MissingYou :/
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
The concert is June 28. Let me know the week before the concert if you can come. I told my friend you may be coming.
RT "Nothing will keep you awake at night like a client who trusts you." --Tug McTighe
Congrats for winning Best Legal Solution & Best Political Information Resource in the 2012 CODiE Awards!
Right now, me and my 8 other teammates have classes. The classes are always different. This weekend class is over chassis tuning.
Ima make her work tonight
we need to lol
I love creating website & graphic stuff. Anything creative keeps me happy. Just need 55 hours in day it seems lately lol
Sign my yearbook? Hold my ball sack?
be thankful tomorrow that i don't own a gun.
Same last name! We hired her this morning...we look forward her starting. We hope you come by for a bite some time!
Come on Rams...let's go!
thank you! A week off makes me smile :))))
cant find the H&M return policy on this shoppin music
Exciting New website we created for United Capital being unveiled December 8th on MSNBC’s #dylanratigan show. Check it out!
Ready for a bubble bath and a glass of wine. :)
Happy Mother's Day!
Sunday Night call in show from 6-8pm tomorrow will have The BIG 3 in studio - Rakes, Troutman, Willis. Be sure to tune in!
Ladies Thanksgiving is approaching, make sure you book your hair appointments now before I'm all booked! (813) 910-2770
Had trouble with Cubase LE all week, but finally got some recording done today.
Who's in Miami for Spring Break this weekend ?
Good mornin pplz...its tuesday, u kno wat that means?! Neither do I, get inspired to do somethin wild n spontaneous today....legally tho lol
Blowjobs are like family, your always mad when they cum...
thank you sir !
I'm definitely a huge supporter of stealing towels from Hotels and Motels, but God Damnit, you'll never see me steal from a Holiday Inn.
i don't have time to slow down and deal with your personal issues. too much goin on, sorry.
Very excited for the Super Bowl because the Packers aren't in it
RT : And that #Wazzu-UNLV game will be broadcast on ESPN.
Great meeting you last weekend. You may like following where I post things re: looting and museums.
San Onofre nuclear plant in California leaked radioactive substance yesterday. Amount undetermined. Reactor is shut down.
thanks again, those are really nice words! And any help you can give with LA will be much appreciated. Logistics are daunting!
I dont need a fucked up relationship to ruin me been living life wit my bros alec brandon dj josh and all my friends.! Fuck love
I'm down!!
THESE PLANS MAKE ME JEALOUS! PLEASE LIVE TWEET EVERYTHING.
It be kinda cold if you could reply to a text in the lock screen on the iPhone
Students: Want a summer internship? Email with subject line "Summer 2012" & attach your resume. We'll review all!
Like, did you even have ur smartphone w/ 3 different twitter apps? Don't hide that in a bush it belongs in your hand. Always.
You're in the mode now... it's pretty much fait accompli now.
It takes two to get one in trouble.
I thought you went to deady, lol well idk but when are you having your ceremony?
Girls claim hate when dudes are assholes, however when we tell a girl what we really think, and say theyre beautiful they find it creepy..
Don't speak when you're angry. Don't promise when you're happy. Good night world.
Welcome to Twitter little sis :) Follow
I love how #deadmau5 is not underlined with a red squiggly on Word.
Sad to read tweets of people that get more pleasure out of #Ducks losing than their own team winning. They wonder why they are little bro?
DAMN DAMN DAMN
i've been gone awhile twitter,but shes back. let's all kick back and listen to some ? I'm thinking awkward breakfast time.(:
So glad I work at so I can get some from - It's been a sad winter without pops!
ATX !! Playing Dirty Dog tonight on 6th with some really great bands! Doors are at 5 so come pregame with us!!
TravelTip #6: Write yourself a note about photos you take. It's hard to remember the details of all the places you saw when you get home.
see Cameron, KARMA... the Giants won... they heard you say you hated them... mmmmhmmm... :-P lol
Up and running, www.josephgehart.com
Kentucky Derby, Cinco de Mayo, Fight night.. So much going on!
I am thinking this is going to be a long, chippy series. I love skilled, bloody hockey!
FREE SHIPPING UNTIL MIDNIGHT TONIGHT!!! but as my lovely followers, get 10% off any order all year round!! use coupon code "FOLLOWTHESMOKE"
Escapism #black keys #arctic monkeys #madison square gardens
Are you following these Art Institutions on Tumblr?
hell yea! I got a couple spots too let's do it!
“: Dinner? Save the calories, let's drink. #CTL”
So proud of my Aunt who was the 911 dispatcher this morning when all the calls came in.
ok, I just noticed that my tweet basically copied Chris' tweet. It was unintentional, I swear!
Do you live downtown? Any recommendations for apts near the circle?
we'd love that data in GeoCommons. Let us know when you've uploaded/registered it /cc
oh u not going to follow me anymore...lol...dont let that show fool ya...i knew you before ur head got all swole nucca.
#pizza for #dinner. :) m
That awkward moment where all the water splashes out the toilet when you shit a rock...LMAO! That reminded me of Rasputia.
HA. Think i know math? no!
You look like your like 5 :p I just realized that. But you do!! :)
Heavy rain blasts metro, shuts MSP - Minneapolis Star Tribune
come to the Bing lot 4-6 and party. Open bar. Lots of free food.
thanks Tiff! hope you can make it out!!!
That's correct
Welcome to our latest follower, writing coach Susan Rich. Follow her at !
You're screaming and cursing and angry and hurting me. I'm smiling and crying, apologizing.
Just applied to This was a big one. REALLY hoping to screen this thing in Austin.
#oomf is such a beautiful individual ..
As a note, because of the sold out crowd, we are opening check-in early at 7:30 a.m. at 's Wealer Auditorium. Come down early!
Omg Im back on Twitter for the 8484738 time :)!
Wishing all of you a healthy, happy and successful Tuesday.
morning boyfriend <3
One more hour to follow and RT for a chance to win a copy of Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close by Jonathan Safran Foer!
...and right now this top shelf is taking full advantage of me smh
Getting ready for day two of the ISS show in Fort Worth.
We hope you enjoyed our event! Anything in particular surprise you?
THE SKYS THE LIMIT, SO WHY SHOULDNT I LIVE MY LIFE IN IT....
everybody follow my band
About to board the huskies plane back to pdx on Alaska. Boo!
If you're thinking about it you're doing it wrong. At least, that sounds like something or whoever would say.
Never! Let's Go Celtics!!!
Yes. We need to get together Friday night or I'll miss you completely. Can't have that!!
Thank you for the FF! :) If I have not said it enough thanks for the support & friendship, I appreciate it and am blessed. 💋
About to start breakout session three: "In the Web: How Moving Towards a Linked Data Model Can Revolutionize Libraries"
Oh. hell no. Guaranteed way to end up on the "People of Walmart" web site. ;-)
Home from the World Vision conference and now... back to the grind. At least I like this particular grind most of the time. :)
Joe Wieland MRI: No structural damage to the elbow, but going to the DL.
#AtlantaBound !! Feels so good to be home =)
"I chose, and my world was shaken--so what? The choice may have been mistaken but choosing was not. You have to move on."
New class! "Introduction to Joint Mobility" -- perfect for helping aging issues! Sat 2/18 10am. Call Sierra Fitness 520-577-9000 to sign up.
The #Oakland A's owner looks like he cut his own hair. With the crowd on hand in Oakland it wouldn't surprise me if he did
It's too pretty to be inside. I'll buy lunch for anyone who will come kidnap me from work. I'll reimburse for gas too.
Congratulations and Welcome to Penn State Comm student LIBBY GRAHAM! We look forward to following your adventures this summer!!
<---------- Let's talk about the children of zion excuse me if I start crying- Canibus
I’m chilled to the bone / not from a blast of winter / but from apathy
Pat Williams, who brought Magic to Orlando, wins NBA Legend Hometown Hero Award. "If good enough for Walt, good enough 4 the NBA"
How long does a flash mob practice before they perform?
This Moscow traffic jam is so bad, people are getting out of their cars singing "Everybody Hurts" in Russian.
It's like both but slightly more fire. You should make the trip to their show 2night!
Family party (y)
pbbbt. a lawyer who doesn't "read" the fine print... ;)
RT : I'll up my donation to LIVESTRONG to $100k if I get 100k followers by Nov 9th. I have just over 13k followers now.
Remember where you are and where you came from, You up there doing it those haters will always subside
Tuesday, May 8: Liverpool v Chelsea, 2pm, FOX Soccer
$1200.00 for a upstairs two bed one bath. This week only.... 858.776.1312
Do a "face check" [expression] as you deliver the assignment, and then tweak accordingly
": #StuckInThePast" I hate when that happens to me, I always think about sad things :(
The #lawschool class I was scheduled to teach today on procrastination is postponed to tomorrow
Made it :P lol
is trending.....more bitches for him to fuck now
finally getting caught up on the vampire diaries!
:) RT I bet U Thant thought Happy Birthday was always about him.
There are no north south routes available between Seattle and Portland at this time (via ) I guess it's not just raining here!
Also, "People have seen me in threesomes on TV. I have nothing to hide" (a Jersey Shore cast member re: possibly running for office).
Love this quote: "Hollywood’s a place where they’ll pay you a thousand dollars for a kiss, and fifty cents for your soul." -Marilyn Monroe
Dnt say one thing then do the other
too many relevant lyrics in these songs. should I switch to a dubstep station? =_=
We'll be open w/a GREAT new exhibit! RT : First Friday Happenings in the village of #zionsville Oct 7 5- 8pm. Art, music, food...
"Living dangerously" according to mom means driving on a 1/4 tank of gas
do u love us new York fans? Come on go crazy lol
I want oomf to come thru.... never got that text back tho.... *shrugs*
Someone text me.
I wosh I could make it!!! When im back in LA its on!
Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros. Fine, fine artists threw down at the Tower Theater tonight. Whew.
Going to warped tour this year. #excited :D
Anything can happen in this perfect weather. That's what scares me.
The Angry Birds are preparing to land! Head to the Space Needle for free giveaways and lots of fun planned!
little girl at the park:"if a bee stings you, you die... & the bee dies too." lmao
O MAN! I can't wait for our illustrated message this Sunday - THE FAN! It's going to be off the charts! ALWC Fam- invite someone!
Just had a veggie burger and milk shake at Teds Bulletin, and hit up an open house, can't wait to buy some of DC
If anyone sees a white Nissan lic #L55 7111 please call CPD 911. It was involved in an assault on one of my colleagues
IT WAS SO AMAZING. <3
What the economy needs is job creation enabled by gov investment in crumbling infrastructure and green tech. NOT job killing spending cuts!!
thanks for the congrats!
What a time to embrace your Punk -there R good people screaming in the streets ,none more peaceful punk than that
Shoot me an email to and we'll connect.
My friends are insane haha. Love that school. So much... And pretty much all the kids in it..
I fucken swear I just wanna punch the fuck out of you!
No. But I'm intrigued....
Absolute!!! :D RT New Year's Resolution countdown! #1 – Never settle for “it’ll do.” In fact, never settle, period.
Thanks, ladies! You rock!
Dancers if you are have any photos from this competition season, please email them to me! I am putting together our banquet slideshow :-)
Something very strange came in the mail today. A package from a laboratory I've never heard of in San Diego.
I love Widline too yall!! :D
I'm so proud of Austin. He works so hard<3 & he loves his mahomies so much.
Sorry for anyone experiencing troubles on #SportingExplore. Our gaming engine is creating errors. Trying to fix before end of match.
compared to what? #wiredwaffles are all natural and have the caffeine content of a large cup of coffee.
@ Midway waiting 4 a twice-delayed Southwest flight to #Indy I could have driven home by now-or at least been to Chi-town burbs 2 c friends.
They took my rings, they took my rolex I looked at the brotha said "Damn, what's next?"
No relationship in life can be any more successful than what we are willing to learn about ourselves through it
RT if you think should put more in their magazine!!!!!!
Prize-winning film&#39;s Cuban actors to seek asylum in Miami
You hurt me once, it's okay. You hurt me twice, fuck you!
Things have really gone south with the Bobcats…Coach Silas, Tyrus Thomas have more than words…altercation!
So. Bored. Maybe I'll go sexually harass an intern.
okay babe ❤
going to bed happy i got 1000 followers!(: and I love youu <3
Brilliant! I'm sending that fact out immediately on Facebook, as soon as I finish up on Twitter. Great meeting, by the way.
Sending love up above to our announcer Dave who passed two days ago. We will miss you!
How bout a beah? Cwertinley. Gulp gulp gulp. Ah.
Do not let things that happened in the past stop you from getting what you want out of life. Have the courage to go after your dreams.
National Princess Week is almost over and nobody has given me presents
Hey your live feed of US Open on Time Warner in NYC is unwatchable. Looks like a reel to reel home movie. What up?!
I know all of you are all so interested in American politics. If you had any questions I found those unbiased links about the reform bill.
Good luck in the #mobbies and thanks for following!!!
got the gmail xobni invite but firefox plugin not working. help!
Good Morning and a happy Wednesday to everyone.
My phone was stuck most of the day, so texts were sent & twitter notifications came in only after I rebooted. #oops #phonefail :b
ah ! I can't wait .. now work won't be so boring !😊
Huge void now in the long white tshirt sales industry RT : Rumor is Bubbles won the lottery.
Tomorrow going back in the studio, let's get the creativity back out:-)
I am thinking about getting a Ford Focus 2.0 CNG for a new car!
TODAY: 's 1st Annual College Radio Awards, 5:00pm. Student Center Basement at the UClub
I think that Powell's is where God lives. It's too wonderful to be anything but. And no sales tax!
aww serious? thanks so much! our EP will be out soon we'll have more videos! check our website for updates: www.icicledust.com
yeah I know! You could thank me to lol
how was Nero? Il be in town til like Wednesday def would be up to go out one of those nights
This is a good game...
My interest has been piqued! Which exhibition?
hey the fact I stay in Scotland! :( <3
10.0.1 trying to connect to d/l apps, but getting 403 forbidden error. Are you offline?
Would ms. of Woman in White count as awesome? Going to look at this afternoon.
Some people dream of success while others wake up and work hard at it.
great website thanks for the follow!
swear aint that lame
wht school you go to lol ?
On an flight still on ground in Boston. Captain says they replacing control panel. Not sure how safe I feel. At least next to exit!
On an unrelated note, that's some nice penmanship! Haha
I Notice A Lot But I Choose Not To Say Shit !
Our phone support can get very busy at times. We apologize for the wait.
Slow things down, speed them up. Not enough or way too much.
so I tell you leave when I mean stay
we got some runnin 2 do for the party tonight then mani & pedi's..
Commercial food waste to be banned
I married my husband at 11:30 on the morning of May 16, 2010 in front of the Georgia skyline. And it was wonderful. It has been a dream.
Woahhhh why are you hatin on Brady Quinn? #stud Plus, you can't hate AJ Hawk's bro-in-law.
Been away a few days guys but I am BACK!! Prepping for #MissUsa getting my team of artists ready!
totally! How've you guys been? Ready for the weekend?
u talking about picking the shortest drive thru line?
how u been ?
I was a dreamer before you went & let me down.
Beautiful girls! I have 2 myself...they have Dad in their back pocket I'm sure!
#Greek Festival of the Birth of #Apollo, who yrs later, went on to beat
oh yes. i was outside because i came back from running! I wasnt waiting for you lmao (:
#ThingsIwantTheMost BAND MERCH! lots of it.
passing Bristol Motor Speedway
Man I was looking forward to tht cup of fruit...
More coffee. Then to the grading races
can it be tmrow already .
Make it a triple threat with a girl and that'll get some serious viewers ;)
fantastic concept and user experience!
#orphans8 Jeff Capp talking about an amazing collection of nitrate films that Gartenberg Media acquired.
Thanks Grant for the RT!
ok we all ne to #stopbullying because what if that was ur brother or sister or even ur friends was getting bullied u would want to stop ...
On OS X, Screenshots are saved to the Desktop by default.. Instead i think they should be under /Users/<username>/Pictures/Screenshots
#braves are still ahead 2 nothing at the top of the 6th.
Please offer "lite" (low cal) pizzas. When this catches on, it will spark a lite-pizza war. Remember,lite beer was a joke at 1st.
Psyched for #Bamboozle. It's gonna be unreal. Can't wait to see
ahahaha aw. Lend me em after pleasepleaseplease so I Can be healed and not have sex with non good guys! 😁
#YoMommaSoFat when she fell over, she rocked herself to sleep trying to get back up again
So I need to give you this money...
I'll take y'all's word that 5mins was not accountable for. But that's precisely y twitter and blogs call it 'Fergie time'...
"It's amazing how I can pity you and hate you at the same time. I bet there's a German word for it."-Lisa
shit I been good just trying to lay low and shit maybe me you and can chill one day man hmu
if you ever watch "make it or break it" you'll see me ;)
i thought you loooOOOoooOveeed me girl
That is awesome! I'll be there to buy one for sure.
Buckeyes moving up in the rankings
Perry remembered the billions he'd cut from the Federal government. YAYYY!
“: Good training session followed by a chipotle with and and .......kind of #LeftUs”--> NOT
Good new for #Pens fans is that Crosby and Malkin did not play their best games by any stretch of the imagination.
Today makes me feel really good about working so many years at my store.
Yahoo! layin off 2,000 ppl. I hope the one's who come up w the homepage article titles go 1st. But sad for those gonna b out of a job
lol. I'll be on the lookout. what web host are you using? Thinking about getting something for my portfolio website.
Thnx for the follow. Um, I'm a hot guy.lol.If you would like to bring that attitude on a radio show,will email credentials
I will give it a try again. No bad here, my mouth just hates me and attacks me sometimes :(
Check out Preds GameDay Updates to follow tonight's game on Facebook!
AMAZING story can't wait for the next chapter!!:)
I saw your post cuz and responded :) thanks!
Five tweets to that elusive 1k number 👀 4 it!!
Deep throat time if the hour
What do the following co's have in common? P&G, GE, IBM, MTV, Fed Ex, Microsoft, CNN...they were born during recessions..
Great reception last night at the beautiful Hotel del Coronado. Thanks to all for attending.
Vinny c: what do you like in a girl?
After listening to 98.5 & WEEI, people want Adrian out of here. They want a light hearted guy with power. I think we had a guy like that...
So pumped RT:: man, this is gonna be awesome #headingoverafter and #beatsonrepeat"
really!? Who are they with?
You guys ate 70 sandwiches today. Hungry crew!
see this is why I just stick to band guys and skip all the bull shit xD
War! what is it good for? Absolutely nothing huh..... singing happily away on my way to work
#ThingsThatILike people who find something nice to say about someone rather than finding something mean to say
Wishing I was taller ):
Thanks for the RT! Will you be at #sxsw?
Laid something down real quick on tumblr foxy. Don't really know what I'm doing with this audio software, but it's somethin'.
S/O to my nf gud afternoon
Follow Us at the original Account !!!3
if Indonesia wants to ban let them .. they dont deserve a great artist like that anyway !
2012 ESBC Girls Rosters will be posted Tuesday Morning......
Look at shit through each other's eyes but don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh they can all get fucked. -Eminem
$35 ALL YOU CAN EAT AND DRINK!! Watch the Super Bowl at The Tavern Downtown and Cowboy Lounge and enjoy all you can eat of wings, pizza,...
Next school year better be > this school year
o my god my cat's ear just shocked me O.O
UCLA in week 10 (study time). NCHS has free coffee and donuts all week 10am-2pm. 6339 Bunche (behind the elevators). Come by!
ANOTHER DAY ON THE GRIND FROM SUN UP 2 SUN DOWN MY BROTHA DA EARLY BIRD GETS DA WORM BITCH IM FEEDIN U BREAKFAST
...I will change the world. Even if it means one person at a time. Chicago play exposing truths about bullying & teen suicides.
We don't use words like rad or stoked nearly enough.
(conspiracy or incompetence) it usually depends if I am the one who developed it.
LPU Breakthrough VII Puerto Rico: powering through limiting beliefs one at a time! Then we give back to the community!
Way to go #Houston #dynamo!!! First win for the first game in the new stadium!
Anytime tell me "oh hush up!" That mean she know I'm right lol
just laughed out loud. "Hi Ed! How are you??"
Glad you kept it! I've had to re-write a post w/ Wordpress before. Automatic logout victim. Back button can be helpful, too.
Everything lost isn't meant to be found
"South Carolina is where the primaries go racial." ~ Joy-Ann Reid
leadership is about igniting passion in others - are you trying to align people with your values instead of getting on board with theirs?
that is the saddest blackout story I have ever heard.
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." ~Henry David Thoreau
- i don't think he looks like him, lol. no.. not really. #yourecrazy. 
Thanks for the prompt response. Not exactly the answer we wanted, but good to know.
BlackBerry is guaranteeing $10K revenue 2 any app that reaches $1K. If you r below $10K end of year 1, they pay u the difference.
I should give up on people outside twitter.
Take me on a trip, Id like to go some day Take to NY, Id love to see LA
I'm always amused when ppl describe people living their lives as pushing a gay agenda. I guess I push a married woman agenda
Jalen did not need to say much...Skip could not take what he dishes out
We're manifesting a kick butt DAY!
"Dissolve our broken systems with the collective cry of our lives!"
is the bestfriend ever to ..... What he did last night was just showing he had Austin's back.
haha! thanks! most of the time they don't even phase me because I'm so used to it.
I love apple
who were you workin with?
- bra you want that song you made on a MIXTAPE ?
Just signed the consent form for my index finger surgery next week. Downtime: 4-6 weeks. Thankfully my middle finger is unaffected.
Good morning #dsum12, lookin dapper. Ready for the epic finale to this event ?
re: international blogs - 1/4 of the blogs I read are international, most of them from Brazil though.
So glad you liked them. Next time I'll try and make extras for you to take home. :)
lol not you! Haha love you cambrea text me!
listening to that still. can't wait for the cd! by the way, can we still donate?
I'm soo ready! I'll definitely be there! I submitted my Q's n I'm pumped! I'll be wearing my CA hat.Omg it's gonna be like X-mas
Past Champs of the ... Notably missing is two-time "just missed" - OUCH. is just mean.
so is this King Sexicano twitter account is real?
Now following The
Congrats on the top-secret TAM webseries, can't wait to see the trailer tomorrow...
Will do...nice to talk to you as well. Hope to catch up again sometime!
might get something published LMAO
Your Best Guess: Percentage of #ToddlersandTiaras kids who will go on to be famous actresses like their moms want them to be?
jerbear is a sad bear :(
The measure of success isn’t if you have a tough problem, but whether it’s the same one you had last year. - John Foster Dulles
Yes! 37,000 words. Now I am going to play Assassin's Creed.
JaniceLachance: Lovely stay at Nottoway plantation last night. Great way to decompress from
gross there are "directioners" at school. oh god, the only songs they know are One Thing & WMYB. just leave
RT : President Obama: "National sovereignty is never a license to slaughter your people"
*sigh* Siri's the best.
yea ppl my age and younger don't know nor seem to understand how important it is
Dale Hunter out as Capitals coach.Capitals are going to let Alex Semin walk and plan to cut ties with Dennis Wideman. Changes
RT - The Miami dolphins should get some inspiration from this dolphin tale movie
Insane that there were flurries at Snoqualmie today too! it's a temperature roller coaster
NO I MISSED IT IM GOING TO DIE!!!! One Direction on SNL ... oh wait I have DVR never-mind then :)
Beat will be up within 10 minutes!!
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 9
Drake & Nikki Minaj, that's right.
I do what I can.
but we have MM here:(( is that not refreshing enough for you?
Biggest fan in Arizona will be watching! Lets Go Devils : Who else is on west coast watching G5?
My heart goes out to you. Teachin' ain't easy.
Either of the ones that are still open you'd recommend more than the other? I can't even find a working phone number for Banadir.
Heading up to the mountains ..ski day for Corey ... so exited.
and this is the first time I can tweet in class without looking totally unprofessional. Thanks #ds106radio for keeping us real.
RT Perkins is gonna look hella scary with a Hannibal Lecter nose mask.
they were 8.5 but they sold yesterday! :( We have a ton of shoes though, come check em out! You'll find something you like.
Yeah you probably have an important meeting tomorrow...but just blow it off and go out tonight...
careful, fangirling-while-driving sounds dangerous!
great idea for an opt-in to be notified in advance of maintenance events. We're on it!
Question mark
Dominion Virginia crews say they are investigating cause of outage which began at approx 5am this morning. 2500 without power now.
getting subway :) want some
How is your evening at Kittichai? Are the cocktails flowing?
#ff these amazing people
follow me and ill give youu a shout put help me get to 400
Anyone looking to unload some tickets tonight? Looking for anything on the lower level
i have a headache..\:
Waiting for that call from then I'll know it's real.......Friday that is😜
Welcome to my world ! Btw. I Followed Back!
Happy National Cleavage Day!!
Today's school assembly sucked...
was so ready tuhh k.... bout h..gott on dahh bus dame
i feel so singled out on this UK and US Directioners thing drama, im glad that other Directions dont have this problem
THE AVENGERS made $640 Million this weekend. I picture James Cameron telling Joss Whedon "You got the juice now."
3 important days in life: the day I was born, the day you were born, the day when "I" and "You" become "We"
#nw time travelers wife with 😊
yeah ill lets you have te red one (:
Just taught TEI workshop at #yrlrc. It was lots of fun!
having a love affair with gray literature
i wont give up on us, even if the skies get rough
waited over a season for Avery to come back and now she's gone after two episodes. I'm really sad.
yes! why'd we go to Ripken stadium again???
that's the first example of a good girl gone bad
Just back from DC to find oil all over the garage & my car bone dry. Just 1.5 weeks after my #valvoline instant oil change! #Frustrated!
Easy, healthy breakfast for dogs- scramble an organic egg w/ cottage cheese.Serve room temp.Total nutrition & delicious www.wholepetdiet.com
#JPMORGAN where did the 2billion go we know its not in #Madoff's pockets #losses is code for embezzlement
Great! Can't wait to see them!
Well, at least I know now that my day can't possibly get any worse than 's
follow back? :) please
Aww, I was a TG for and I know the feeling.
i'm really really proud of you for putting that video together. thank you =) <3
We Are! The New Year, Inside The Target Car, F, A Jasey Project ATTEND!
Its not even fucking May in Colorado & I already need the A/C on & there are fucking flies and bees out
Boa i do not want kids. They annoyin n always. Invading my space boaa.
David Murphy making it a one run game!!
Is she retiring for one days to stand in line to buy some Air Jordons?
From you're friends in ,IL USA
conspicuous consumerism, looking younger than what u are, storing up dollars and other valuables ; in other words, pure show, superficiality
I never like the new Victoria Secret models.
I really don't wanna hear about how much you love baseball and how you were so good. You quite. Obviously you didn't and weren't very good.
Question: What will you do this week to bring you one step closer to realizing your dreams, creating your legacy, and finding #freedom?
If u ain't a real nigga - then I expect yo ass to hate!
It's crazy how life can be... At the end of the day no matter what you did or who you where we all end up the same... 😞
Am I supposed to be taking stuff seriously right now? If so, thats not gonna happen :D
With my mom working at home and having her office next to my bedroom I'm gonna wake up most mornings hearing about bodily fluids..
what of it?
POOF Again. have a great day everyone <3
sorry for the jersey honey
Lmao!!!!!!!!!! RT Kobe's teammates shouldn't worry about getting the flu.. he probably won't pass that to them either.
Do LS's have a better schedule than US/MS?
Totally not listening to Jonas Brothers right now.
I don't even retweet! I'm a sorry excuse for a twitter user!
"The only thing that will redeem mankind is cooperation!! In Shaun of the dead, some survive."
i do follow you.
Hmm, I'm unsure if this the right link? I'd be interested in reading the article if you can find it!
Standing ovation for mr and mrs seau
Truly. We must celebrate AND commiserate when we're both back in town. There's a time/season for everything.
I Learned To Play 'One Thing' On The Guitar! ! :D
on my way to Chicago!
Retweet if you think JC transfers get it done at the next level!
makes sense in a must move time
have mercy. We can't hang out I'm gaining weight.
Checking in: Are you on track with your 2012 goals?
The post-movie Warning appears in 34 different languages. Man's got to know his limitations.
I need something with Buffalo sauce on it now. I don't care what it is. SOMETHING.
Thanks for the RT!
RT : I love seeing all the cool #art at my school. It's so cool that people my age made this @ Las Vegas Academy...
nice to see you here! Look forward to more of your amazing photos!
I am the first person to say jump into the pool to get used to the water. However I always go in one toe at a time. 5AM the pool calls.
Hi A! how are you? miss you tons, where you at next ?
Officially resigned from UCSD MCL yesterday - last day will be 8/20, unless I can find a way to continue doing virtual reference from Oregon
first tweet and watching harry potter will you buy my tuition to hogwarts?
send me the track!
Can you tell me what I did wrong for you to be acting like this?
RT Get Your Very Own Money Making Review Site and Start Earning Cash TODAY! - #FREE Set Up! - tinyurl.com/6zt74br
you bet we will! We're opening with C'mon DJ!
Sure hope so! RT : tex is back book it
The signature latte & mocha mexicana are 2 of the best coffee drinks in this city. You should make a point to stop in soon!
Kolb deal done time to lock up to a long term deal
doing my hw & watching a walk to remember.
"You look like you want to raise awareness for lupus today. Am I right?" -- Oh yes! I am ready!
u first pls?
no problem, there's quite a few bonavita on Twitter including cribs, vegan food, grocery store, and a high school.
thank you for that pic. We were in the front and sobbing thx for sharing
You Left The Best You Had ,
Happy December !
Hard not to raise the question of race when FL woman gets 20yr in jail for protecting herself from abusive husband.
do it sir. And congrats on the degree big guy!! Persistance truly pays off. We proud of you bro
Jameson, tears and a sin wash.
Wired Waffles wiring the campus! For when real life needs a real wake up!
2012 Resolution #6: When the heat is on, slow down in order to speed up.
I have yet to get my voxbox ):
its a Kawasaki, for dirt riding
Welcome to the twitter world, Pauly V!
I believe in fairy tales and serendipitous encounters...
I changed my number so I can have a fresh start
Any instructor interested in screen-capturing their lectures (w/audio) using Powerpoint (like a whiteboard) + a Wacom tablet, pls contact us
Thanks for leadership on #LRA. Please follow through and stop Kony’s crimes this year
Arizona Business Leaders Need To Condemn Extremism After Latest Shooting
Any #reprohealth questions for the new year about how to stay safe?
Seriously?! Snowing again in Denver. Enuf already, God.
Never noticed that. It is my favorite white.
Josh 2 more hits!
Nope, sorry
#chucknorris dosent cut grass he just dares it to grow ! (: 2
I love you <3
thank you very much!(:
people always do
Wow, I didn't mean for my costume to be that slutty
please follow me! It'd mean the world<3
baby sis I miss and u can follow my love of life
why Frank keep putting you on front street. i think u & Wanda need to rost his ass...lol
Dan - what's the best email to reach you at?
I have 1 tweet...
this isnt good
Yes! didn't expect the feeling of emptiness w/ her so far away. Glad she's there, can't wait for her to be home.
#thumbs up
At #ARLD12 having breakfast and about to start!
uhh YES. Miss you so much!!
That's fixed in Fringe. :-) It's still in production though, and rumored to get canceled fairly often.
I'm truly blessed to have the friends I have.
The world ends in 2012. False, my cheetos expire in 2013.
I went ghostin'.
working:www.myspace.com/sethnathan
It's National Teacher Appreciation Week - any #Arlington establishments offering specials/discounts for Teachers?
The picture, unless it just would have made sense if I weren't already stuck on the idea that it was a collar!
i have to get ready for school.yay.
Brainstorming for our video shoot tomorrow with ! Keep an eye out for our awesome videos...coming soon!
time to amp up my swaqq XP
I am Motorcity Cartoonist Rawfunkateer/Electric Otto! I am Detroitexploitation Cinema! I am Detroitexploitation Funk!
Okay, will do!
haha it just keeps getting better!
I did! :DD Could you please follow for me then?? He's a super great singer
lol exactly, not really mad, but gotta be upset with a hometeam loses
Hey bitch that cut me off. Your kid may be an honors student, but you're a whore.
wait , foreal ? And ooh . . the difference in time zone -_-
Who's a TRUE BELIEBER ?!?!
So many bands following me... O-O Listen to ALL the music!
D'oh! I was hoping to chat with you today at #neasist09. One of these days... Glad you enjoyed it!
finding stuff out about yourself from other people cause everyone talks behind your back.
The previews for "Sparkle" look like they show Whitney Houston at her best. I am exciting!
$3k, two pizzas, and some garlic bread
to cart but never check out
you have nothing on the line. This is what I'll deliver if your bullpen continues to be Collective Koufax.
LOL #ukropsfail MT : tell Martins employees not all 30+ women are moms & don't need to be chased thru store & wished a happy day
And yeah, Dems aren't going to switch their vote over this.
FEELS GOOD TO BE UP PRAYING WHILE MOST OF THE COUNTRY IS ASLEEP! THAT'S THE WAY TO A PRODUCTIVE AND VICTORIOUS DAY! GOD BLESS
Still Waiting .
noo i think the world want to know how we do it
It's because...I'm Dracula Bitch!
bueno, let me see if I get this bullshyt by tomorrow
I guess weather guurl --> was right about ehht being windy today lmao :b
do I get to pick the winner on Dress Like Dan Boniface Day?
Thanks Pavel, look forward to meeting you soon!
#UNM 's Washburn: 1 in 3 #Native #American women will be raped in their lifetime. Staggering number.
so happy that was finally named to the NBA All-Star Team. It's about time. #RipCity,
i think the code was select start ab LOL damn thats been 20 years ago. makes me want to go get.
when is that again? I have a wedding the 7th
Oh. maybe I have been involved, I shared the link to support SOPA on google's page
Thanks for the #FF mention! Have a great weekend :)
RT : Great catching up with today. She amazes me! See you in Dallas
Excited 4 , but I'm sad that it's the season finale. Can't believe it's over, but we're having a party 2 commemorate! :)
Just bc you're a dirty player that plays for the Celtics, doesn't mean you get the last laugh! Oh wait, yes you do. I rigged it for Boston.
it's all the same. family/friend/son/daughter/... many seek wisdom with no love for it, just the power it grants
Happy easter to the whole world
champagne cocktails, "Breakfast at Tiffany's", and "Some Like it Hot" a fun night in with my girl Julia!
Thanks for the props! Be sure to tell your friends!
since he was to chicken to be in the room with me when i had my c-section
Good luck tonite fella ! Please please please BEAT THE cHEAT !!!
That's a wrap! Thanks !
How can we promote the incentives for data management?
A girl is complicated
it was actually.. thanks to my Creaclip purchase :D
I'll reserve judgement until the MSG renovations are complete. They're building a glass walkway over the court...
Going to be on VoiceBox KALW 91.7 w/ playing some of my favorite female vocalists of the Bay Area Friday night
420 is okay, but I'm more like 24-7. Wake and Bake fools!
At the APG Round Table
Dude it's the display. It's all about the display.
Got an invite from a fellow writer to join his posse on the lead boat for the lighted boat parade tomorrow night. Can't wait!
🍻to a speedy recovery my dude.
Nope Cutch was out. Wow, crazy these umps make these calls in real-time when it looks so close in slow-motion
When does Roger Federer play in Italy? Do you know the time in States?
Mayor Taking New Step on Smoking Mayor Michael Bloomberg plans to propose legislation that would require residential buildings to adopt w
because we didnt hang out before I left and you haven't texted me!
I don't get it what is with all the extra stuff in peoples tweets?
things are going great! Thanks for asking! How are things with you?
#nccetl process for policy doesn't keep up with how fast world is changing
well, i'm certainly getting my fill of thunderstorms during my visit to oklahoma. however, the golf ball sized hail? do not want.
BTW, have you given more thought on your 30th adventure?
A professional locksmith will be able to pick the lock on your door without causing any damage to the lock itself,
lots of talent in those tiny little hands!
Hey there Lulu! Great photos btw
What's better Blow, Casino, Goodfellas, or Scarface
dang i still cant believe this gossip they put out about u keep doin u my nigga
Yes! RT : Just got some awesome stuff from Nate Robinson and Isaiah Thomas for our Portage Bay Cafe Fundraiser! Yay!
Secretary of State. I am a bit disappointed that he came out for Romney at the git-go.
smh, I give up on this one, too tired
Webster University Albuquerque is closed today due to weather conditions. Safety first.
I reiterate my need for a masseuse or someone with a bottomless well of painkillers. Until then I have 1 spot in bed I ain't moving from.
I got chu
come to our cafe for Italian paninis and coffee. We are near 101 Stewart (at 1st Ave) We're here til 4p
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.Anonymous
I just want to go home and sleep.
#IfOnlyICould call you mine.
Thanks Al, do you know if or if not, Obamacare was funded?
Thanks for the follow guys! You do rock!
Spent 30 min trouble shooting a template inheritance problem only to realize I created the page with the wrong template
My life has been full of terrible misfortunes most of which never happened. - Michel de Montaigne
we have the best guests ever! :)
A life making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing at all.
it's ok. And good idea
I'm not big on drinks or cigars. A large dinner is more my speed! Newspaper articles about me confirm--I'm a foodie.
Why Females think just because they broke up wit they dude over something then turn Lesbian gone change how her relationships once was?
When in Rome...
More keywords....
-- Buddhist service / the butterfly too / voiceless #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
as much as you'd like. I'd love to get your input!
Deadly debris, like ghostly death shrouds killing unseen in the dark depths.
OMG like you see it? Be safe!!!
:O MATT, HOW DARE YOU SAY THAT!! I KNOW I'M COOLER THAN THAT MATT!!!
are you taking Travis County Commissioner questions? thanks
loving the weather!!! going to be a good day!
Pain is temporary but a P.R. on race day is forever... Until you break it again! La Jolla Half Mar. Victory!
I totally agree. I'm bummed that our session (104) competes w/ 's -- really wanted to attend it.
I think the coolest feature is the when you drag the windows to the side. It's so nifty
These ain't jokes! Just watch, when we win, I'ma tweet you everyday rubbing it in 🆗🆒😭😭
Hey...Baby that's life!!!!
and have fun on !! Don't die but please
sorry I couldn't make the Data Science meetup - was busy with FIRST Robotics judging duties. Are slides available?
Happy birthday Twitter- u started at #SXSW in 2007 and have grown up so fast!
I should probably get some sleep. Have to be at the airport at 5:30am! #newyork here we come!
I can't wait til Saturday tho (':
#whatif we spent as much energy defending our "enemies" from unfair attacks as we do our allies?
Do you know anyone who actually does Whoonga? Is there a street trade in retrovirals, or is it just smoking whatever you can find?
We are human beings beyond our professions. We need to reach out versus just responding. Cavender
Have a question about your landscape? I can't possibly charge for Q & A! Spread the word, free answers, always!
I need to know where to send the book so message me your address, bozo! ;)
Max Lieberman, I started as Technology Coordinator in February. Hope to tweet some of our own upcoming summer workshops too!
when you get to austin get tacos at torchys it will erase the the awful thoughts of I-35.
So, no pants, but the whole nine yards from the neck up? Cane or no?
That awkward moment when you're talking to yourself and start to smile like an idiot, because you're so hilarious.
sun burns on your a$$ are no fun ! i can't walk or sit like a normal person right now ...
Texting and driving are two attention grabbing tasks, don't text n drive; the life you safe could be yours or that of another.
#quitterconf friends: I am so excited where my life is heading. Thankful for the 1st conference. Never dreamed, dream would begin so soon!
Great bounce back win by the #CUSE tonight. Still hard to believe we dropped all the way to numbr 4 though. Nice W either way
Rant about stemcells.
Like it!
Someone DM'd & made my day by saying that my positive attitude is infectious & they found themselves smiling as they were reading my blog :)
I think I'm officially burnt out on school!
Brainstorming bars for a NYC literary pub crawl... any suggestions?
little bit tougher... but he WAS going up against bosh and haslem... but he had to get tougher
Today marks Satori World Medical’s 3rd anniversary! Thank you from all of us at Satori for your continued support!
Chocolate ice cream looks like poop
Rejoice not at thine enemy's fall - but don't rush to pick him up either.-Proverb
Canon t2i... I must have you
Roses are red, violets are blue, believe Gaga will follow, cause dreams do come true.
um where r u??? I'm headed to meet gabe now!
I don't think you actually like coffee if your order can't be contained in a tweet.
I HATE the Yankees, but if you don't feel for Mariano Rivera, you have no soul.
Great to have your follows. Appreciate it:
I have put everything in Tupperware to protect from the ants....time for bed..if anyone needs me I'll be curled up in a plastic storage tub!
been celebrating my Birthday and working. :-) What's new with you?
thanks for letting your followers know about it.. pic came from www.pdxhistory.com definitely worth a look!
RT : Digital formatting can play havoc on poetry, where formatting is everything. #tocchicago”
No problem. Good to meet you!
Booty shorts Dx
Join us May 1st for an event benefiting #LLS!
Lol ive had discussions about this topic on a bronx tale: ur only allowed three great women in ur lifetime- i thinks its ur mother, wife, &
Watch the "spokesman for the great wholesome majority of American teenagers" in this clip about Dick Clark. Was he the antithesis of...
UPS just delivered my beautiful Native American flute. Time to compose that melody for my Potawatomi song!
Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Michael Vick was named the NFL Comeback Player of the Year by the Associated Press. BOW WOW?
oh the flowers lol
I was he'd make up his mind please don't lead me along
We have a great group for the Movement Workshop this morning!
will be downtown 2nite for a lil' bit. :-)
same colors. Both great parks. Both close to water.
#GoTribe Hopefully D Lowe can pitch like he did last week
Witness Protection Program? Is that why I'm in Carrollton?
Just looked in fridge and realized I could have made my own egg and cheese this AM. But that's not the NYC way, kid.
Avila a little lazy there these little things add up to loses
Trot is a great baseball name. Sounds a baseball name out of the 20s.
As a member of the 1998 #Padres after a W.S. sweep by the #Yankees. Ron Ron : "I thought we did OK."
stay strong <3
I'm having trouble viewing images on your site. Never had this issue before. (I'm running Chrome on a PC, if that matters.)
Dip, Murray isn't fat.
actually I'm at home...almost got me though... Speaking of that. Do your best Jagger :]
Electrifying tidbit in legacy fa: Many poor women do not want their children but luckily they were able to purchase one of the babies for $2
Rwanda coffee is out in full force. Anyone have a favorite thus far?
I'm glad he did a deeper cut too, not Crash or a radio hit. He is a DM clone, but ridic talented!
MSFT "zuned" themselves by being years late to the party. WP will do it again. Ok products, way late.
I really gotta start packing cuz Friday gonna b here fast
I might not be perfect, but I'm focusing on living my values every day.
is there a signing here or something what the hell are you guys doing here
There is only one success, to be able to spend your life in your own way. ~ Christopher Morley
The Five is discussing Jonah Goldberg calling people idiots, so I can only assume I am dead and am now in hell.
Oh no! Were you able to get in touch with someone to help you at the store?
yeah and well whenever I got bored, i'd go 10 secs! I love fighting. what can I say :p
I prefer Carson Daly's New Years Eve show to Ryan Seacrest's.
Got home super late from soccer...
on the computer right now
My goal in life is to eventually role over and die. I aim to perfect that.
Anytime man. Go get 'em tonight! Will be listening in of course. Rock on bud!
Soul meets soul on lovers' lips. ~Percy Bysshe Shelley ~
God is good!
Seager deserves "Night Moves" or "Turn the Page" for his Safeco ABs. AND HE BETTER. (yes, I know Bob's is spelled different)
painfully sleepy, but it's moving-cleaning-packing-working day
8283: You're really pretty(: And you seem really nice!
Thanks for the follow Ann. Look forward to reading more about your traveling experiences!
Ooh, this train conductor's got an attitude. She might even be more bitchy than me.
listening to Italian music while packing.
I've gotta check this thing out.
where are you? I'm dying a slow death in 138
Come to tonite @ 7pm for Karaoke and Spoken Word.. Amateurs encouraged! 1287-D Glenwood Ave. #ATLANTA!
:) Glad I could brighten your day.
oh really
what boyz follow you doe
back to class in the morning...
“: Anything interesting?” it's raining...does that count?
Isn't it good that married people's marital goals are not about convincing anyone other than their spouse.
when I heard thy weren't starting Tebow the gate I was like that's stupid dude gots skills.
shit chillin making money same as always
CONGRATULATIONS to on winning the #Lisagor :)!
Everyone is getting sick with this weather! Feel better CLE & bring back the sunshine!!
Thanks! Stay tuned, it's coming on Friday!
RT A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way. ~ Mark Twain
they're all close, but I was very surprised how good franceour was. I believe he lead the league in assist
Time Warner Cable is looking to add local stations to its iPad app that would enable customers to watch broadcast shows on their tablet dev…
Feeling inspired. I need my keyboard in front of me.
if landlords allow padlocks. Fire hazard/safety liability because someone can lock you in
I'm plotting, PLOTTING, I tell you!! Fingers crossed that I can see it 12/01...
Today in 1999, 'Looking Forward', by Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, is released. A major CSNY tour follows in 2000.
We don't need a #CIA. We need honorable conduct and accountability. Secrecy is dragging our economy and diplomacy down.
I'm putting out a new mixtape tomorrow, called The Sepulveda Chronicles, I'd appreciate everyone's support!!!
Good times and a great show last night!! Thanks for comin out metalheads!!!
whats a good online store for bathing suits
I saw her there yesterday! really working for her money!
my entire timeline is people talking about A Year in the Making. hahaha.
Happy Hour 3-7.. Get $1 Domestic Mugs.. $3 Well Drinks.. And $1 off all Drafts..
Right? I don't find the idea of digital scrapbooking at all alluring.
Z goodnight y'all!!!
When my mom calls the house phone & asks if I'm home. No mom, I'm at a strip club. -.-
DJ Harsh has signed on to be our featured DJ at our upcoming EPA Chicago Event event featuring Shadoan Productions!
I wish I was off right now bc this pollen is killing me
Well a week in Cabo San Lucas was just what I needed! Now back to reality ;)
Wondering where the next Cube session will be EMC World, CloudExpo or Info360 perhaps?
I had a good time with my beautiful niece at the father daughter dance.
#FF n #TheSecretCircle as we hope they bring it back for season 2!
yeah and then when some make need picks, they pick guys that aren't even close to being best available at their position
Libguides and surveys and exhibits, oh my!
individuality>all
Look for all the amazing vendors working show on March 27th!!! Check out the tunnel of love!
in Tosa a bit disastrous today. Out of food, store a mess, waited too long for food that wasn't well-made. What happened?
Would love to see a Giants/49ers NFC Championship game.
is almost an hour late picking me up for the airport. And so begins #sundance 2012.
do you know of any dragons that have written autobiographies? Specifically komodo dragons?
Thank you! And hey: I haven't had anything coherent to say publicly in months. So, you know. Trade-offs. :)
How Madison can play the piano.
what's a gaff?..
“: night-night twitter!” "Right behind ya, though should've been in front"!
HOLY SWEET MOTHER OF GOODNESS! LESS THAN 2 HOURS TILL MY WORLD 2.0! :D
RT : Phil in the last group Thursday (1:53 pm). Paired with Hunter Mahan and Peter Hanson. Solid group.
According to the Journal of Immunology, caring for a loved one with Alzheimer’s can cut a #caregivers life short by as much as 8 years
Looking to a big day today Valentines days luck !!!
Amazing! Glad you enjoyed, sorry about Thursday :)
Thank you!! How was your show? Sorry I couldn't make it! ^E
FUCK EVERYBODY is how i feel right now. 3 more weeks and I'm out of here ✌
Get your jam on tonight as comes stops by to do what they do….make you feel good all over!
Pet peeve: people who say "Santa Clause" when not referring to the 1994 Tim Allen movie.
