Thinking of wearing my "owner" shirt in my new license picture. I mean, it is my identity, who I am...
Wishing I was attending #cil2010 this year.
The guy we met at whataburger after the show added me on Facebook! I am cracking up! :)
Ice ice baby! Lots of slickness causing accidents all over the Portland Metro area, as well as Washington and Clackamas Counties.
EVERYONE!!!!!!! GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!! GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
my playing cod4 on the MIAclan servers come join me
haha! Miss ya honey :)
just woke up ...good morning
WHAT ABOUT SIX PACK? :O
JUST RIPPED A CHUNK OUT OF MY FACE.The calf while shaving,now under my lip.While washing my face, I jabbed it w my nail & took a chunk out.
Ready to go
for some reason i thought home was near H st. Yes, right now & next week.
im already home, but it's only 2PM. i dunno what to do with all this time ...
finally broke down and bought a coat for fall. excited for practice tonight. starting to come together nicely.
In such a happy place with beer geek friends.
Everything I got, I got from saling shit.
Ah, we're downtown...in D.C., northwest.
ahead of time.
the exorcist. XD if that counts.
Another good weekend gone in the blink of a eye, smh -,-
First Thanksgiving dinner tonight!!! :)
I will be in philly, meet in the middle ?
Yo vibe with Jp and my other homie Chitty Bang.. They both from Fort Laudii.. Play that "Party Like Its New Year"/"Bottles
I was half-asleep, so first I was like "oh, someone is here, breathing. That seems normal." Then horror after that.
#SciVerse #Scopus: Limiting viewing to only 2000 retrieved not helpful in research. Resorting is ineffective solution.
one of the best session I attended! great way to end the event!
stop by for a cold drink when your done. They look to have it under control!????
Give her a big hug for me! Xoxoxo
not to be ubercynical, but if the tech conferences I attend depict even a "secretary" style lady with glasses, that's unusual
Happy Monday!
We are just a little over 24 hours away from Millie's Miracle Spirit Night! Please plan coming out and supporting this little angel.
My story "Seven Stories About Kenel of Koulev-Ville" won the the Iowa Review Short Fiction Prize. $1000! & pub. in the Dec. 2011 issue!
Let's stay up all night...
Trippin', I come to the library to eat my lunch...not study.
Have a great day!
We are about 99.8% done with our album! It's going to blow your minds.
It's world Aids day today and everyone at #Actionred has come together to celebrate and memorialize! Come down to Emergency Arts to see!
will be joining today serving up breakfast & lunch for our Spring Opening & Plant Sale. Yum! Look for them by the Garden Shop.
I'M STARTING TO HATE MEANINGFUL BEAUTY SERVICES. THE CREAMS ARE OK, BUT DON'T LIKE THE WAY THEY SEND MY PRODUCTS.
I in fact #love my team
Today is national IPA Day. $2.75 IPA's for the rest of today and tomorrow!
RT : The best part of NYE is that three of my favorite things are main components: sparkly pretty clothes, fireworks and cha ...
Should I get eclipse @ the Walmart midnight release or be patient & get the collector's edition @ target early tomorrow? decisions decisions
On my way back from NY
Diet pop is disgusting
I NEED A GRAPHIC DESIGN FOOL GOT ME???
unday is a great day to curl up with a good book and completely ignore it because, ya know, the Internet.
"And the whole industry wanna fuck your old g. Only n*gga I got respect for is wiz. And I'll admit I fell in love with Kim 'round the same
Ask yourself "is what I'm doing right now getting me closer to my goal?
I wonder if they play sports over there.
first day at work was long!!!!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 12
": Out of the top 10 most unliked videos on YouTube, 5 of them are from Justin Bieber."
Tim and Tiago: Twin towers are back?
oh I know right!
What impression do people get when they call your business? Are you ready to sound professional. How about for FREE? www.discountedt1s.com
your welcome! &cant wait(:
Newt-a-mania?
Leff: "Sustainability became the watchword to re-adjust personal and economic behavior"
I'm in such a good mood today . 👌😁
#FF Favorites- Thnx to for always mentioning me!
Good length, a bit of stretch, maintains shape, washes well, bold/fun colors. tees fit that bill well!
Oops. Sorry about that, haha. Glad they're in your house and not mine. I just finished my stupid DumDum sucker and...it ain't enuf
Feeding our new addiction.
I'm getting a lot of 4-5's... Don't know what that means
You can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your friend's nose.
Just want to clarify that I do NOT have bed bugs. Just a very cute baby :)
Our prayers and support for Brian Urlacher and his family in this time of trial.
where do I go where you will not see me
Website will b up real soon!!!!!
quoted in article "How #GSA Could Have Saved Taxpayers 75%"
Feliz Navidad Naya! Hope you have a wonderful day!!
im so excited and i just cant hide it !!!
Great panel on buying & selling media assets this morning compliments of
In some parts of GA, 1/3 of population didn't grad HS. To help - Complete College GA, readiness programs... More info avail
Aye Dyl Pickle get on skype for me and (:
Raze app rec'd for 3211 Wisc. Torn, b/c clearly denser housing is appropr. for that space, but demo by neglect or intent=thin edge of wedge.
Win an Apple Macbook Air! Retweet this and follow to #win! skimp.org/twitterprize/3…
#SanFran to see Maan tonight! #CroatiaReunion-I wish and were here with the rest of #PineappleNation!!
To All who donate a tweet & those who voted 4 won $1k to help #StopChildAbuse & help the kids! Thank you!
That's a rumbletown thunderstorm in Hell according to your stomach. Good luck, sir, good luck. God speed with Tums.
Oh no...feeling a bit under the weather.
me too...Quinn is a legend.
Done early. Will pay for it tomorrow as class starts at 730. Also, that's when I find out if I lived or died in the plane crash.
Its only fools who see life as a competition n try to take advantage of people around them.
GO BEARS
"Ahead of the curve" means reaching the end of the work day and having more than 4 hours left for sleeping.
.:"A number of members...are engaged politically but kind of engaged on the down low...Openly gay, but...not openly [GOP]"
Congrats on your recent accomplishments, Dr. !
p.o.'d = "pissed off", young man
Hoping for a couple of hours of sleep but I doubt it.
Good question for #sbchat tomorrow night.
Somewhere between the end and the point where we begin.
any new items on the menu? I can't wait to get down there and try out some of the new cocktails. Best in the city!!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who thinks they're funny, but they aren't.
My Twitter and Facebook feeds are now eaten alive with guys yelling about the GOP debates? I'll log off and watch something funnier....
Really? Why wont they just call I've made it clear they can. RT : call
Levi Leipheimer joins Maria Carrillo student ride
shout back to for shouting out at me
Thanks for the RT!
We are announcing the PSAid video and print ad winners this morning at 9 AM! Get excited and tune in!
The aim of marketing is to know and understand the customer so well the product or service fits him and sells itself." Peter Drucker
All of a sudden its lighting & thundering....
Thx will check it out.
life is like riding a bicycle to keep balance you've got to keep moving
Nice! See you soon!
Wish you were here...
#angelinajolie looks stunning!!
idk what it is about but i just have this love for her..
My favorite #Amy Winehouse song, by the way, is "Valerie". I remember DJ played it at my wedding. Very talented singer gone too soon.
Thank you love  But I'm okay, I'm watchin "Dennis The Menace" now lol 
oh, then my pimping task broadens! xox
Only 2 more weekends and ill be in Missouri with !!!! #cantwait (:
we love you! <3
They go from rick ross to kirk franklin.
I do not have a camera face, but whatever... :)
W O W
": yeah. Sadly many in US believe math is about executing the correct procedure."Math teachers for change
Ending Wed, buy any full-priced espresso beverage before 11am, bring back your receipt after 2pm same day & get 1/2 off any espresso!
were in here! From probation to domination all over again
Archivists: Have discount room at Hyatt that I will not need for Sat and Sun. DM if you are stranded & need place to stay.
Great idea for everyone. RT : Marnie Webb of : take an hour a day to publish what you know
How is Sonar doing?
shit I have school today, gotta sleep!
Im an honest guy.. i only want fuck you...But if it turns into real feelings so be it
I'll be fine. I have a lot of impact from the truck in the back of my head.
It's kind of making me sick that we are sitting on a completed album that no one has heard yet.
OpenEdition would also provide use stats to libraries who pay the premium. Want to promote visibility in libraries.
I'm really not sure what dubstep is.
Attentn, New Followers: U R on my "ADD LIST" as soon as my "Follow Limit" allows: THANK U 4 follow
well I'm going to BoTS in Nashville. I won better tickets for Tampa but I can't make it! :(
ill rob for my nigga daaaawggg!!!!!
Listening to music like I have been all day cnt stop!!!!!!
Daily Insight: "When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
it was great to meet you at #SMIATL. Please stay in touch!
Agreed. Especially in the ninth inning of a one-run game.
still in the closet
I hope you're all going to HEMPFEST.
Happy Birthday to of !
i love dance, but i dont need anyone to tell me how to do it kay
wow so pretty!
But good thing its my girl LSuttons B-day and we get to go out tonight!!
Nursing Students & Nursing Assistant follow for the latest news...
I am giving away FREE, a copy of “The Best Of Bill Sargent Bands – Volume 1” to the 1st 56 people who “LIKE” my band page on Facebook.
Our most common feeder bird is the sparrow (millions of them - HA). What is your most common feeder bird?
Thanks my dude!
The Interrupters.
And you're makin' the shirt look good Jillian.
Thank you! Was good to see your face across crowded room. :)
All this laughter has made me hungry lol
phillip phillips is sexy and i saw colton dixon in the audience my sexy piece of as djchnbfdue
MY DJTEAM IS WINNING WHAT ARE YOUR DJ TEAM DOING???????S/O TOO SOUTH TOP DAWG DJS/HOT BLOCK DJS/STREET HUSTLE DJS
Special case of the Westmoreland Effect? -- any metric linked to rewards will eventually cease to have informational content.
The vow on Friday.
Leadership is action not position. D. Mcgannon
Yogas and a sweatshirt
Tune in -- Cummings will be on today at 11:10 AM on the latest with the Secret Service allegations & his Wal-Mart investigation.
Of course something major happens before we leave, it wouldn't be right if nothing happened!
Last Heat Game till the Playoffs!!.. Eff you Wizards...we'll... keep you warm? You'll..catch on fire with our blaze?..Um, Eff you Wizards!
Warm welcome to Lauren Blystone, the new Pathways/OI Partners Administrative Assistant!
Tebow started today.
ERIC BLEDSOE came to play!!! #CLIPPERS dow 4
Vermes won't appeal. Cooler heads will prevail. Not worth risk...
Aloha honeymoon!
thanks girl! I'm loving it! See you tonight (:
maa hair is always brushed
Some great music comes out of San Francisco. Give a listen to Picture Me Broken www.mynoisyplanet.com/PICTUREMEBROKEN
Today's magic relationship word is APPRECIATE
Ill down a few drinks just to take the pain away.
walmart got rid of all fabric and yet they still find it necessary to sell john cena shirts. seriously?
#inthesummer you should make a lot of memories.
How was the panel? Wish I could have been there to hear the community's thoughts /cc
just got out the movies. Fucken tired
I can certainly understand why U have a cephalopod obsession. I like 'um 2. I'm busy helping educate & inform people 2 psychopaths.
do you work with Wordpress?
all 70 of those marketers should learn how to code, both for themselves and for our ecosystem :) KhanAcademy CodeAYear etc.
The look on my moms face when I said I was avoiding getting to the point in our conversation >>> hahaha 😳
Me and are celebrities at Davis.... #it's frightening
Jenkins should move up. Proven fact. The more kids and baby mamas an athlete has, the better he is. Cromartie, Henry, Kemp.
hahaha!!! yeah man he was messing up my groove! Smh Talking bout $5000 for a Ecommerce website. smh
yes sir
Stoked for the Mumford and Sons show tonight. Starting out with some Belgian brew at Cheek Monk.
We don't believe in Magic! Go !!
what cha watching?? Any movie suggestions?
I will e-mail u the pic promise not to have a heart attack
Luke 10:6 If someone who promotes peace is there, your peace will rest on them; if not, it will return to you.
For me, mustache sunglasses would be redundent. But they are still hilarious.
dont mess with us kids from the 90's we could take you down, your silly bandz are no match for our SLAP BRACELETS
Hannafords thanks to this Clown
Perfect. :) E-mail is nicholas at nicholaswyoung.com . AIFF, FLAC, WAV is best since we'll re-compress to MP3/M4A for release.
hey if you ever need someone to take over your job let me know. Maybe we can trade? What's your apprenticeship like?
#really bad habit eating 1/2 done cookies from oven fresh
Watching youtube video of ourselves is quite embarrassing
Omg.. i just absolutely love finding money in my pockets that i forgot i had. Im 20 dollars richer!! w00. :p
Remember that video you shared with me the other day? Where the guy fell from the roof?
Haha I don't know. but now you have to tell me, Melvy because Bryce is asleep, and he'll be mad at me if I wake him up. lol
with the stars!
And Cesar almost fucks that up. Has Bartlett been acquired yet?
I wish I could run in it!
looking good! I just carved my first pumpkin last week :-)
Karin, talkative, selfish, superstitious, and inquisitive
Today's Mantra: I'm All In!
by distracting you mean multis coming in at 200+ right
keynote on Sleeping Beauty at
My nephew just fell off the couch. Ahaha xD
I'm in CT at my parent's house but I'm moving back to Indy on the 27th :D I'm going to stay w/ family friends until I find a job
no, it's for PC, but looks like a great game
I entered to win an Edible Arrangement in the
I'm not a Mahomie... I'm a MAWHORE ;)
I can't shake this feeling something is not right o_o
I am genuinely uncomfortable right now.
Homework time -__- blahh, don't feel like doing any at all!!xP
Ah Why ihave my cards at home >.< aw !startingnow ima carry them now everywhere i go ah ! D':
#HardRockRising Global voting starts today. Go to facebook and vote for Pgh's band #3DudesChillin - send them to London
No doubt, Kim. But I know a dog who spins because she's excited, happily anticipating something.
That's a great idea!
When you can look at a person and see thier soul,and realise thier pain,thier lack of love,and love them anyways,that is enlightenment!
RT for the campaign for summer sandal weather -- brr....what to wear in this spring cold!?
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 26
The rules and regulations have changed
I signed up for it yesterday. I only got one credit... :-/
Listening to mindless behavior or watching there video love u MB
Thought it would be amusing to read some ManU threads from yesterday. What a bunch of bad losers. "City bought the title!" "We always lose!"
I'm sorry, there has been a Train Wreck. ;)
Hey Ian! you can DM or me regarding
Who am I talking to?
I don't drink coffee often, but when I do, I get fabulously analytical.
..baby you can ask me to take a break Ill give it all away, dont care what the ppl say
Only somewhat related - I hate The New Yorker's use of the umlaut in words like preexisting.
#FF to national #travel pubs we love:
I'm definitely for IR in MLB
Bonnie Prince Billy is playing at the Apollo on May 21. Hurry, tickets are selling out.
Listening to old school Madonna....could not be happier.
seriously an honor
“He who rejects change is the architect of decay
ssame lucky k. (;
Oh really? hmm do you know the reasoning behind that?
Keith Fritz Furniture is now on Twitter! Please follow!
Keyword Optimization: The Cure for Search Overload Syndrome
anybody who doesn't listen to Coheed and Cambria should really question the music they listen to.
I hate that Jeremy Rosado was sent home, but i'm sure he will go places.
I love hanging out with my guys(:
Getting an uneven tan<<<
oh jeez...dont give them any ideas.
Another beautiful spring day in Pittsburgh! I biked in along the river front trail and saw 3 baby bunnies.
Happy Winter Solstice! xoxo
my baby boy was 1lb 4oz at my ultrasound yesterday :D
RT : Enjoy the science of spirits and experiment with the molecular mixology tonight for
Take it easy on the tweets. U don't want to go to twitter jail. Your on point w/ #Bulls games.
bro u and I Saturday. Buy me icecream tho.
Had an amazing massage at today - everyone should go check it out!
No 1 elearning softwre package can do vrything u want it 2. That's y our courses look very unique as we blend different packages tgthr
ya it does...everyone says its a great game
If you love me with all that you are,I'll make you a star in my universe.
Dear Stoli Raz & Sprite, We have to break up, you cause me more pain than pleasure. Sincerely, Hungover Melissa
Waiting in car for Hubby to finish practice. I have 6 books to read with me. Reading Tweets instead
love the way you lie :)
I followed
#WBWednesday All day long,Whether rain or shine,She’s part of the assembly line,She’s making history,Working for victory,Rosie the Riveter
Yeah, plus companies try to make sure only gays see their gay-friendly ads to not offend other customers. Ugh.
Excellent! Now...how do I take the bus...?
Chicago is now trying to put a 15-30 cent tax on sugary drinks. Under the guise to combat obesity. Already tax on bottled water. WTF!!!
what is the hashtag
RT : Blair Levin at #bbcsum12: Do we need better broadband? Maybe not everywhere, but in some places. <- What??
woo hoo!! nice job girl!! #happyforyou :-)
ISN'T HE PERFECT?
Phone is back yay
Apparently, there aren't any pictures of a baby turtle next to a croissant ON THE ENTIRE INTERNETS!!!
thats cool whtcha been up to?
sounds good, how're you?!
#preswk12 groups working together trying to document meetings and preserve info with OWS Think Tank group.
moved to dc
Death is hereditary.
So how long are you in TX for? Or can you not say?
Thought #H50 was done filming before the holiday hiatus but their camera copter has been buzzing my office on the pier for the last hour.
I don't know. ? RT What's in the box? WHAT IS IN THE BOX?
When don't we encounter problems?
'Orchids' was, in fact, the answer from yesterday!
Q: What does a good bar and a good woman have in common? A: Liquor in the front and poker in the back!
haha I can hear you jamming out
Tiger Woods in 3d...hes got this ill put a grand on it his new game comes out tuesday
Thanks express for giving me a lil MN history in DC. Today in 1978, Muriel Humphrey filled the Senate seat of her late husband H.
We've endorsed Tim Burgess with 63% of ballots cast, for Seattle City Council pos. 7, and Sally Clark for pos 9 with 74%.
The #Hootsuite ow.ly bar makes me not want to bother sharing. Even when you share it's a link. Better to X it out.
always Chelsea are going down XD
Our bodies often tell us what we need 2 know - we just need to learn how 2 listen!
Happy weekend to you. Paige is currently having her surgery with chemo, then off to day hospital for chemo.
Hopefully Mb Is #1 On The Countdown Today !
Don't worry, we'll be preforming all weekend. RT:“: watching & busting out the NSync moves >>>>>”
Solon When I give a minister an order, I leave it to him to find the means to carry it out
#FF Follow Friday follow of the day sportsmedia101.com
Loving 's new aviator, What a "Doll" :)
morning wake-up song: "In A Green Space"- Koushik
": and the man wasnt white, HE WAS HISPANIC ." Exactly they tryna make the minoritys kill each other off.....
i know omg kfnjdks
My television is muted right now, but it looks like Billy Crystal is about to be eaten...
I think they washed the shuttle down with bleach. On the outside.
lol. Its not easy at all, bro.
i may have peed on your bed once. and I'm kinda sorry. thats payback for leaving me outside.
If you don't like how I live,step away from the fence,stop craning your neck to see what's on the other side,and focus on livin ur own life
awwe long as it ain't yours...#DontWorry you still to
Big 3rd down conversion!
I could never go on a no-carb diet. I love sandwiches far too much.
Life loves the liver of it.
I fell out of interest for Twitter because I'm not satisfied with the Droid applications
You can just tell me and I will relay it to the forum!
Really #abc? Were all the girls w jobs taken? watching the
Why stop at just a cup?
Wine Release Weekend: Taste our newest vintage of Traminette for FREE, $3 glasses of this wine, and 20% off this wine. See you soon!
A Scanner's dilemma: which creative thing to do now? Work on a pendant? Write? Take photos of my work for my Etsy site? Sew?
My son has the stomach flu and I'm starting to feel queasy
yeah haha good times though.
#FNL reference at #ACES2012 #faultlines. Eps deal with disabilities, race that can get convo going w students about diversity and coverage.
Missed service tonight? Just want to hear it again? Contact to get a copy of the audio from tonight's service.
Given the past few days, every time someone famous starts to trend, I fear for their life.
Chicago dog
yep, are you?
I wish my sister was going to prom so I could help her pick out a dress and everything but no, shes not going to her prom. .
The optimist sees the rose and not its thorns; the pessimist stares at the thorns, oblivious of the rose. -Kahlil Gibran RT
Sitting next to who is unable to tweet and might have a heart attack.
& i look up 2 u gys & u r my inspiration & i would LOVE for you 2 follow me!(:
I think YES! It would look super cute! :)
Rooting for Toronto. Always had a good fanbase but not always a great team. That and watching LA falter is always fun!
Beautiful day today in Houston :)
ONLY 1 DAY LEFT till pre-sales for TA & T2 begin. 1st 100 bundles signed by Neal Morse AND Mike Portnoy!!! W.radiantrecords.com
Sweet victory...Kobe (a.k.a. - Fetus head) shamed on his home court.
Whateva girl! The last time we were supposed to hang out u stood me up. You ow up *yelling*
finally! won a huge pot!
Perfect evening. Wine, patio & the husband.
- whew. Especially today. Happy with AP...
I wish but I am looking for new producers for the team.
Up & early! Eating breakfast, then going around Quantico!
Watching the fight ....
Way to go #NHLPA... Thanks for screwing up a GREAT thing with realignment.
I watch the #Junoawards :)
That awkward moment when your friend is friends with the person you HATE.
- OMG.... he making me feel so fuckin unappreciated like he dont even fuckin care
I placed a bet on Denver when they were down 16.
Watching The Vampire Diaries<3 OMG my allergies are driving me crazy!
#Bucs got Carl Nicks to boost run blocking. Just got versatile, 3-down back in Doug Martin who can take full advantage.
Hey get out of bed and answer that burner cell so we can arrange to meet on some shady street corner!
Havent tweeted in like 3 days... Thank goodness Im back.. LOL..
Megan Fox Is Pregnant! « Houston&#39;s MIX 96-5
😭💦 Tom and Lynette be makin me sad
GOD DAMN everyone is having a baby -______________________________-
Friends hung himself from an adjacent tree. Then Zachary Barnes hung himself from a clothesline in his neighbor's yard. Natasha Randall
Christmas decorations are up!
Giancarlo Stanton is good at baseball.
Thank you! We love you, too. Can't say that often enough.
Watching come dine with me (:
Not feeling too good right now:(
Good Morning! What a Fantastic day! Walking a mile each day with puppies, and David, on South Beach Diet & losing! Getting ready for SNOW!
Need advice. Handyman is capping off our windows. Do we tip him, or just pay the bill? Don't use handymen much, we r DIYers.
"I'll never forget 7th grade, dancing with this girl, nobody knew her name we all just knew her as "hips" and I danced with her all night"
Joke of the Day..Yo mama's so nasty, I talked to her over the computer and she gave me a virus
Green century is hosting Samsung 50 state ecycle event tomorrow Utah capital.. W.e-cycleUtah.com
anyone know if Cinebarre offers gift certificates?
Aw, rats. Am I going to have to scroll back?
Good Luck , , , , this week at #SECsoftball Tourney!!
Will you be coming to Wednesday to see perform? See you there!
only until i graduate haha
CJ2K, ArianFoster, JamalCharles and Skreech have what in common? They got place in your #fantasyfootball line ups!
Took a nap earlier and had a nightmare, who does that
Don't worry that children never listen to you; worry that they are always watching you. ~ Robert Fulghum
Which old character would you like to return on Weeds and why?
well guess that works too but it's my last day at work tomorrow - starting a new gig on Monday
i don't claim no riches, or any miracles but im doing better
But I guess IDAHAT wasn't as snappy an abbreviation.
Know I'll sleep well tonight after a successful day of rigging & making paper!
urg why cant i sleep in???
A little RB talk but mostly about #NYCosmos '70s glory days and his #Playgirl shoot/Studio54. Interview great but too short.
HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND TO ALL MY TWEETS!!!!!!!
Oh, the dreaded third eye.
Learn from the bad days, don't dwell on them - concentrate on the good in your life instead
Yup. Guys got some nasty jingle balls
we need to chop it up!
Felly is one of the funniest dudes around on me
What's up with the station? Been off air all weekend. You guys toast?
Help Save Subsidized Childcare for Low-Income Parents. 9:00-1:00, Tomorrow - Capitol Building, 900 Court St NW, Salem Hearing Room 350
to that sounds so good right now!
That is so cute.
basketball will most likely be on Sunday nite if its warm enough..
EVERYONE!!!!!!! PLEASE REFOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!! REFOLLOW ME!! AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
on creating a #webprofile: "Most people don't have it... You can display your life in ways that reflect you."
Adios #pla12 & Philly, hello #cil12 & DC! The Spring 2012 tour continues. April stops incl FL Lib Assoc keynote. See u soon!
How do you define the term 'multigenre project' to students?
Got lots of love from random programmers today telling me not to let 's post discourage me from learning to code
Limit the number of participants, put like-sizes in together, keep an eye on tie downs and shut down if bad weather arrives
Why do your favorite songs sound even beter when you jam out to them while driving? I wish I was a truck driver I think...
NICE!!!! congrats!
I hear you, rain! The smell of rain in New Mexico is unparalleled.
One phone call can really change my mod
no problem!
I never seen anybody shred on a violin harder than Tory from
STANDARD FOLDER- expires 01/17/2012. Hurry, and take advantage!
Both of Us, or Arena! (: x
lol. I give you some credit in making me a better person
Some people think 1D aren't the hottest guys, so I'm ok w/ them sayin' they're ugly...but they can't say their music is ugly.
awesome man appreciate the support...
Just had my face rocked off by Girl Talk
I can't wait to see Grammy makeup! I think Nicki will have the best! Who's with me!
#GOP "VULTURE CAPITALISM" began w 'Darth "Vader" Cheney'=INVADED Iraq: ,NEW "VULTURE" Vader(INVADE Amer Companies & devour them)
Tomorrow is FRIDAY again...how did that happen?
Vanessa Lunnon is performing in "Getting Out" Friday and Saturday Sept. 11th and 12th at 8:00p.m. For tickets visit www.lyrichyperion.com.
Another great show by #HereComeTheMummies at the Madison Theatre in Covington last night...see you guys in July!
Chelsea. But it doesn't really matter much, does it?
beat ya!
Congrats man. Sad to watch your final show tomorrow but looking forward to seeing what's next.
Tweeps! Does anybody know what MKG has been charging for autographs? I need to be prepared for Weds. Pretty please. :)
indeed! Btw, your handle goes along pretty well with #iste11 theme for this year ;)
final presentation tomorrow night, then a 12-day break before my next session of classes.
Great post!
is gonna carve up the D probably, and then I'm gonna bring us back to win!
If she's a keeper, keep her!
check out my new novel Vanilla's Ladies read the free preview on my blog follow me x
I am honored and slightly confused considering I am a "Hump Comic."
the way in which you are burned is extremely funny though
$299 on contract for a phone with those specs? Lol
I’m afraid extraterrestrials have always exhibited an undeveloped aesthetic sense.
I had seen some going for ~180
Looks like the California Supreme Court wants to give the Prop 8 backers standing.
Never forget those who've been in your corner the WHOLE time..
Ok, so I'll have my MFA this November...tell me why I'm considering returning to complete an MA in English too!?
Chris Davis with insurance!
The Midwest Showcase will most likely be in August this year. Will the Lou be represented at camp?
I love the #twitterdata proposal! $vote +1
that made me laugh so hard. Love yous
is a dick, theoretically.
thanks for coming and the gift man. it means alot to me.
hey hun.. I didnt gt it.. Its been a min u been m.i.a lol
haha if you drew pictures you're definitely in the club. Sponge bob characters was my main thing
careful if u put it on the windowsill
aww maybe I'll see ya down there :)
If you were starting a #MLB #Fantasy #Keeper league tomorrow and you could pick between #Strasburg and #Aroldis #Chapman - who ya got?
Someone write Pretty in Pink fan fiction about the day Annie Potts asks for her prom dress back.
Who doesn't want free beauty products?! Last day to enter my giveaway... Woot woot!!!
Thanks, will be in touch. That's what happens when you haven't had enough coffee, was staring right at it :-)
-Knock, knock. -Who's there? -Daisy. -Daisy who? -Daisy me rollin', they hatin'.
follow mee :D
hi to chris carter for me! true buckeye fan. we really miss his son @ osu!
but not all the right people eat the crow!
do it. I hope they still have sunday matinees
"Do you know where to buy paint pens? I need to personalize my chug jug for spring break." -
I guess you were lucky enough to never have to fight, for your right, to party.
Why Does Everyone Love Hello Kitty Soo Much ,You Ask?Because She's A Silent Thug...
"That's what wins games. A lot of people see the alley-oops and all that stuff,
In M Cupcakes is giving $5 off a dozen reg size cupcake by just saying "mmmmcupcakes2012" 17 E. Flagler St., Downtown Miami 305.890.9868
Students, our quiet study floors are 3, 4 & 5.
good morning peoples ... esp. Staten - NYC - planet earth aliens ... no sleep till ...
damn how did you open it I tried to open it myself and couldn't figure it out lol
#shoutout to #follow this fool
Bout to get dressed hit the streets
I wanna Train in Thailand for Muay Thai and Brazil for Jiu Jitsu!
you're the reason why.. <3
Adam Lambert Making His 'Dream Album'
#mobilityshifts John Palfrey suggests the DPLA as a supplement to other endeavors. (Indeed libraries are vitally important in info culture)
SUNDAY CAN'T COME FAST ENOUGH :D
“: If I see you make a diving catch in the OF, you automatically become 10x sexier. #truetweet #justsayin' #grassstainsaresexy”
Hey With a song titled 11:11 I gotta get you some #ElevenElevenWatches to rock. Match up perfect to ur kicks, hat, clothes
on my to the movies
In response, we immediately scheduled additional courses
RT Let's come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
Go mobile w/ #prettyprogressive & download the "Live 365" app & search "UCTC Radio". R&B Songstress will be on tomorrow @ 11AM CST
Yeah I will, one day soon!
she was his manager
thanks to ur story change my life
So what the world doing?
nothing much how about you...:-)
it is a problem; much easier to shoot than read. You're right, time on the road = pricey, & I'd rather grab items than not.
Wish I could go back in time and undo the decision I made, but its too late...or is it?
In #SanDiego this week, scouting locations for the next Know a great conference venue? What do you think of #OGW November '12?
Just touched down in #Detroit... smells like baseball and Easter bunnies!!!
if u ever meet breezy any time in ur life remember to ask him who am i
It wasnt pretty.
Lindstrom in for #Orioles as Arrietra finished with 97 pitches/60 strikes and four strikeouts. LIndstrom has already given up a hit in 8th.
JR you called it
yes, it was a joke. I know my regular followers know I am not serious 99% of the time. Sorry for the confusion.
i want somethin good to eat... but im fuckin hungry so im making ramen. fuuuuuuck
Mapping out #Caps sked, a killer double-header on Sun 11/7 w/ Flyers at 5p and Land of Talk at Rock & Roll Hotel at 7:30p. Who's with me?
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion. —Camus
call me
People will try to hurt u n bring u down in every possible way they can, I will not allow it any longer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Pick up today's and read our latest issue: South Florida's 50 Most Powerful and Influential Black Business Leaders of 2012.
Thank you Boss I really needed this #Yuengling!
I'm interested to see how long before a company finds a loop hole or attempts fraudulent activity.
I was supposed to meet you tonight&hear ur angelic voice in person :( hope I get the chance to meet you one day.love you, night x
Congrats on your new venue !
Tomorrow is going to be the most stressful day of my life.
Thanks Kate! I love your face! I hope to see you at the tweetup tonight, mayhaps?? ;)
I've seen nothing so far this year or playoffs that indicates Westbrook will not shoot (or TO) OKC out of a game or two.
Isn't that a great feeling?!
Charles Jenkins and Fellowship of Faith just added to I Hear Music Concert 5.18.12.
BIRTHDAY SHOW tonight at Ella Lounge. 10 PM, $5. 9 Avenue A. Lots of fun.
So on my way to work this afternoon and eating my cereal in the car, I suddenly hear "is that peanut butter crunch!??" very enthusiastically
Smoothies seem to help pick up the day. Any good recipes? We've been using the same fruits as of late.
miss the GGirlz! have fun on the TM with your mum!
txting Him is the best feeling!"
We're giving away a $100 GC daily until Mother's Day, May 13! Just RT with #eBayMom for your chance to win! Rules
would so much rather be outside playing in the sun & blue sky
RT : Pls contact the House Ways & Means Commitee & ask them to vote "yes" on HB1073 "Public mass transportation"
I love being rejected by the IRS and finding out it's due to them owing us money instead of the other way around.
Winding up a great visit to University of British Columbia and their fantastic staff.
bout to rehearse w/ Kids These Days!
thnx for following me back :)
beautiful photo & congrats.
It's so funny watching march madness and seeing sitting at the replay table. Where is the orange tie cheese?
Listening to 's music..m She is so talented and amazing. Why isn't she famous yet?!
Medieval fantasy setting and works well. Great adaptation from book to small screen.
If I don't get coffee I'm a grouch. Not good. RT : I identify with this tweet way more than I should.
Facebook is fab but old school is (still) cool! Street outreach in the Castro tonite!
lmao says who. ?
yea #tru that was ARTEST out there!
RT Love the reminder! Getting into gear myself :)
Where are you going?
Guess we should have been more specific about wanting a government shake up..
anyone know where to buy Newcastle seasonal beer in the US?
Hey everyone I really enjoy ghost hunting and found some good software to pass on....keep on keeping on...
haha. it's how melville uses first-person free indirect discourse to show the limits to ishmael's beliefs via interactions w/ queequeg
Retweet this if you know how to retweet.
Picked up a Microcell from AT&T... hope it works. I'll finally be able to use my phone at home where we have no coverage.
You may not love me today, tomorrow, or ever, but I will love you until it kills me, and, even then, you'll be in my heart.
That it is.
Carson McCullers and Flannery O'Conner. Maybe if we read them more often, we'd be a better people. Think?
So excited for #MARDIGRAS only 4 weeks from today until my London loves come to town!
well I can tell you one thing that they might break up and you will have a chance :)
Almost ready to start filming... I just need to wait a few more days for this mic to come in the mail.
Thank you kind sir. I too look forward when we have the opportunity to meet.
you belong on csi with that body you look like a bad boy jason mccann right thurrr
Don't miss next Friday's in downtown San Jose, during the South First Friday event. (June 3) Cool stuff!
Lance Ball, you do not fumble Tim Tebow's football.
shit I guess we on the bus
Considering the circumstances, this was a semi happy birthday. I certainly am blessed with great friends and family!
Onward. And upward!
At least I'm not ugly. RT : Lmao I'm done with you lol I can't deal with a emotional niggas
Flicker for Good has a nonprofit program that's very affordable. Sign up for it!
Thanks Tracy, nice to meet you!
Just ate a Tuna Melt for the first time ever. How come no one informed me of their deliciousness before?
Thanks for reminding me. As an #Astros fan, it hurt even worse that it was him. Terrible loss, after we battled back.
#ff shout out to Break a leg on your opening of MISS SAIGON tomorrow night!
Just a big thank you to and for doing all this for us! You guys are awesome!
not when you're not really hungry... I had a huge sub before I got home from soccer
5 days wo graffiti makes one weak
I believe it's a coolpx somthing like that from Nikon I'm not sure but I'll check when I get home:) it wasnt that much $
Maybe I like to tweet instead of text.
This cold spell is not agreeing with us over here at the Just Walk office. Keep your pups warm.
Read more Apple jokes
o yea for got bout dat to so
Hey! Do you have a link to the prom tanning study?
Taking a little nap before heading to the Sharks v Red Wings playoff game. Being sick sucks. Go Sharks!
Another Monday?! Gross! Watch "Terrible People" and laugh your way through the day. www.terriblepeopleshow.com
THANK YOU SO MUCH SANDY! :-) Means a lot to me. Big hug!
I'm SO happy to include you, Amy! I love learning from others!!!
Is that agency-priced?
Boehner to Biden: "OK, fine. You wear stripes, I'll wear polka dots!"
No that's the problem. I act right too much and get fuk'd in the ass! NEVER AGAIN! SO DONE!
F*ck Yeah is following me on both of his accounts
Happy Birthday to my Gorgeous Girlfriend, I love you!
1st rd: make from the following: Cicero, Thomas Kuhn, post-humanism, and Teach Me How To Dougie.
thanks for the #FOLLOW Also
lol I'm good bro. I'm just mad hungry missing my bodegas
Happy Birthday !!!!! From Coastal Advisors,LLC. Big Daddy
just put together that capricorns ARE goats - 'genia pura'
Thanks Mr. Bunnow!
Business Development in the Med Center this morning. We love our Doctors and Attorney clients.
Ken is in the DollHouse bored as ever.! AIM me.! iKenDoll 8-)
quality, not quantity, right?
don't know if I want any. :/
Totally. Or kitty in bow tie, please!
haha if its nice out, get ready to catch ur first fish.
Summer plans with the fam. Job at Delta! Moving in apartment maybe soon. Worrying about my financial situation.
Tell me something you LOVE about yourself. Go!
Espresso, biscotti regina, beautiful and curious objects and Carnival of Souls today.
HI! I would love to know how to get those Buzz Growl pop ups that I see from you when I am on my avon site?
#1 reason I don't own a scale- I refuse to weight myself !
Thank you Becki - I love it that you guys check Twitter!! Estimated fix time?
Sounds like a book I need to be reading. Thanks for sharing the link.
“: I wouldn't have noticed im on my 4k + tweet if it wasnt for my lovely cousin ” 😘
U joes should have came n got some.
I never wanna celebrate a holiday again...they all suck especially today
I wouldn't be surprised if he donated his brain to concussion research like Dave Duerson.
Is convinced you don't need The Weather Channel to tell you it's gonna be HOT today when the temperature is already 91 degrees at 10am!
For those keeping track of my shoe status: today is a dirty Chucks day.
Surprisingly (or unsurprisingly) it's lacking on this side of south loop. :^(
The book I took on the plane was Art as Far as the Eye Can See (2007). Wonder if he's always been so adamant.
El Salvador :)
What could happen, right?
Hangin to see ! Great bar!
Now,He looks Healthy,and Happy!He should be my drummer I've been asking him since1995
Well done Chels, well done.
I just adore you and Jason! You are a perfect example of why single women should wait for the right guy!
Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves.
- jus so you KNW they coming off ASAP
damn no big chocolate poles tonight
The best inheritance a parent can give to his children is a few minutes of their time each day. -- M. Grundler
id rather die
If I never see the inside of a hospital again, it'll still be too soon.
wednesday :P
I got a mention for ya, didn't get my paper 2 days in a row! Called this morn no call back. Can u say #FormerSubscriber!
The interference isn't even subtle anymore.
you're welcome..!
Baltimore all day baby!!!
Welcome. Exciting to see the progression from last year's promotion. Looking forward to more.
because in the military he didn't show up for 3 times
I can't help seeing links between what Geena Davis is saying and the current political brouhaha hating on women.
In a session to understand the process to obtain projects with the federal government.
I love that the director of the Jay-Z SXSW show is British. "Hea we ah with Jay-Z. He's walking! He's Walking!"
The left testicle usually hangs lower than the right for right-handed men. The opposite is true for lefties.
Well he Is deffinitely coming soon :) He wants to.
Wow: 2,500+ #gave2kpbs during our one-day drive yesterday. Overwhelming public support for public radio in San Diego! We are humbled.
I wish I was Kate Middleton
Thats what we like to hear! RT : Refusing to let a little snow get in the way of sushi at with tonight!
i love y'all. <3
Had to clean and unclog the kiddy potty at work today. Work: 5038, Rachel: 0.072.
Lmfao, this is gonna be good. I'm gonna just tell one of them because I know it'll spread like wildfire.
; wow so what i said was fuckery, 😏 bett.
Loving it dude! Let me know if you ever want to throw some country tunes out there!! \m/
Good am
I guess i am in need of a serious bowl of milk and nutter butters ; )
Glad you like it Mr. Inspector. Can you snap a picture of the stamped image and share it with the world?
Bring on the New year. Got some big things happening.
It was a few weeks ago. How doesn't it look like me?
Hang on, this isn't the official City of Milwaukee account?
Oh lord AP, quit talking and show me some GLAMOUR!!!
You`re great! Thank u!
Sometimes you need a little in your life to get back into the groove of things. Who's your favorite female Country singer?
Yes, I meant exactly that time for the deadline. No, I won't extend it by "just a few hours." Of course I'm mean. I'm a teacher.
have great to cailforina
thank you for the info
Shout out to the new followers. :) love you all
You need to respect someone basically in order to trust them , it may sound confusing but think about it . !
Fuck a Hype Beast im on my own shit
Gig 'Em!! I'm an Aggie and I do a food show in Humble, TX! Excited to follow u!
SAVE THE HUMANS.
Currently listening to: stalled traffic on the NJ Turnpike. Sux!
Do you have a costume picked out?
I'm hoping the rain doesn't mess up any plans for the weekend. :|
I started back working out again!
Jeff Conine of the Marlins announcing team just said "nice load" re: Giancarlo Stanton's stance.
yep. poor kid.
If this conversation leads to something bad, I'm going to be pretty shitty... #justsaying 😁
Whats up with facebook!!:/ ugh my account is temporarily unavailable!:/
I hate traffic court 🔨 😒
just ejaculated in the marshmallow topping container at Menchies
that was unreal
Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders LOL
someone want to drive me into work on friday? i dont feel like buying gas
Balancing audience participation in an interactive exhibit with appropriate aufio levels is a challenge
THROW THE BALL DOWN THE FIELD.
Best sisig with my honey at Moda
Mine and E's too, not that he's tried anything else. Did you see the new location at 29/Barracks when in town? Crazy!
There's very few certainties in life, but if there is one, it's that the #Celtics will always have a goofy, white "hustler" on the roster
yes! free follow up eye appointment! 3:40pm on friday (self reminder)
merry Christmas baby!!!:)
Gotta prepare for the zombie apocalypse! Need to mod the Suburban...
Can't wait for west test with this week! 😃👍🎉👏
no you aren't.
book time now... We got great rates cmon son
Gettin killed by the bugs on the soccer field..
If I had to choose...I know. Girl don't u know you're so beautiful
Really want Followers. If Anyone could Help I would Be so Pleased.
OH HAS ALREADY FOUND TONS OF GHOSTS. THEY EVEN HAVE "SCIENTIFIC" PROOF! (WITH REAL "SCIENCE.")
MILEY IS THE QUEEN OF THE WORLD ! yep MileyWorld ♥
Who wants to hear some of the new material from the up comming full length?
working out and then getting drinks with yayy my love <3
You want to act like an adult, well fine I'll treat you like an adult.
My Birthday going good soo far!! going to the movies in a bit, gonna watch Silent House!! :)
Studies by the Touch Research Institute of the University of Miami report reduced anxiety and feelings of depression with regular...
hey text me!!!!
I believe the person they interviewed w/ the extra effort of the napkin sketches & social media + dev comm will get hired ASAP
I'm guessing, but not quite sure how that's going to work with PaPa. I'm thinking on it.
Floppers RT : The miami heats are some drama queens!!!! Everytime someone touch them they fall
Let's go Thunder. Speed up the pace.
Times available this week! Rates as low as $50/h. Our average cost for moving with packing supplies : $280 - $350!!! Unbeatable!!!
U and Sicki r just dick riders,Like Kim said"Bitchz suck cock,just 2 get 2 the top" I thought u were hot till u came @ Kim
Lookin at the constellation, me and god have a conversation.
hahaha! i did dip for a lil bit. but now im back! im good - what's goin on with you??
Nothing says America like a mullet and pizza.
If I was in 8th grade, and on acid, you would have totally blown my mind.
Following is the closest thing you'll get to attending every blue ribbon panel/conference on race & social justice.
Thanks for stopping in!
I'm really excited to graduate and move on, but part of me will miss high school. Nah, who am I kidding? Fuck high school!!! 😌✌
Why & how do I get in these moods?!?
Fat Gary is even better on
Better PB to chocolate ratio. Reese's is actually better with LESS chocolate. Crazy, I know.
you're in our thoughts in Rochester, NY- so sorry for your loss:(
Monday is apparently not my best day of the week. Maybe some chocolate would help?
Thanks for the RT, much appreciated
Left work a little early. Sitting in the February sun outside Caribou, feet propped, sucking on an iced latte, reading a book.
All packed for Louisville. Looking forward to the Jazz Educators Network conference.
I miss Adrian/:
Welcome home!
Yes. John Jaddou's baby.
good luck! It's a great field this year
keep making #mubb proud. good luck today big fella
Welcome!! I'll B there 4 2weeks in April!
hi people....
I missed the bye bye bye moment. I wish I had caught it on video though so we could laugh about it once the project's done
omg i finally figuresd out what u meant about "be jelly." oh man, i need to get it together
"True Blood"is now casting5major roles are being cast for Episode #504 respond to with true in subject
Thank you for the RT! Hope you have a great day!
No Zoofari for me. Are you going?
RT : Reach out to #Julia! RT : Okay is just 18 followers away from 40K.....
I'm on a boat.
Lls me to! Hi my name is nay nay & I luv food😊😊😊
Calling Miller Park "the keg" is quickly climbing my list of pet peeves.
Sitting in my room drinking cider, watching spongebob on a chilly day in the mountains.
vibe vibe vibing vibes
Agreed. Nashville is a friendly and fantastic city.
Today's tea: Strawberry Lemonade from A lil' weak, but not bad! Next time: More tea, less water. Then again, I don't add sugar.
I got 99 problems & a spider's one
Payphone by Maroon5 officially my favorite song!
M, sounds SO good! Love GT. Great meal. I'm on the air all night! Wish I could attend! Rain check.
Why thank you gentlemen!! Very sweet of you ;)
Damn is a damn scrub! I punked on him nasty! Pussy(:
#CTAC Opening Night Party ! Already had the chance to meet in person. Wonder who else I'll meet!
I just deleted over 2 thousand emails from my inbox.
RT if you're online ! (:
Our #MothersDayGiftsForOurBeautifulMothers won't be as good as writing a song for our moms <3 Turn To You
Because, as a nation, we've got far more faith in money these days than we do in God
glad to meet ya! :)
yeah! :) we can just chill and stuff! :)
more than anything mothers want/need 2relax and kno thy r loved... flowers is nice gesture but its over used ndi not a relaxing activity
trying to figure out how many, if any, quarterbacks the eagles have for the season. most likely some kind of fraction.
Gotta love Dr.Dre's 'The Chronic' album
Zombie video promise: remembered. You will be held accountable, Ms. Chiou.
Quinziato looks very wee at the front of the peloton.
RT : joining us for the Partnership to Eliminate Disparities in Infant Mortality meeting in Detroit!...
is it more intense then the new jersey reunion?
Plan your meals in advance. Saves time, money and calories.
That awkward moment when you say your just taking a fifteen minute nap and then you wake up at 1am.....damnit
She's cute like a dear everyone wants to shoot!
I am so sick of being SICK!
mad dog... Sitting with Dave Hovis reading your tweets. Trying to get him on twitter! We agree re: importance of espys!
I miss the babys!!
Is he a magician, then? I DUNNO WHO HE IS
"The Square" is taken to absurd levels. Audible laughs in the theater because of how far it went.
I have to be careful of my thoughts, they may become words at any moment, and that could cause all kinds of problems
What amazes me is how many people follow me even though I tweet adolescently about a British actor I've never met.
omg yes We The Animals Justin Torres.
Dear ppl who love FB but complain about the horrors of wedding &/or baby pictures:You don't understand the "social" in social media, do you?
so excited to added yall to banner day!!! Thanks for getting your banners today!
The greatest moments in our history have been when we've invested in our underdogs.
!!!! RT : If OKC want to have a chance against the Spurs they should start Harden at PG. They won't but it's their only hope
The best part of this hockey game.. Or any is always coaches corner.
Holy tebow time
Vinyl Grooves Show is on the air now with host Gregory Hatanaka and guest/writer T.L. Young. Featuring an eclectic selection of music.
Q2. Training begins with a need, fous on fulfilling that need and the training will always be relevant and necessary
@ The Greenroom tonight show starts at 10
Skipping this year, I've got so much work to do and the scene is too tempting. I hope God is proud of me.
I wish I did
If someone got in my car right now they would think I'm ratchet as fuck lololol
What's the difference between #deification and #substitution?
Sounds great ! We're looking forward to it. Have a wonderful weekend!
a million
Limited Edition copies of The Mynah Birds' 7" "It's My Time" and "Go On And Cry" will be available this Saturday.
when will we ever be together again? I don't foresee #classreunion3 happening and/or him coming to WI with you.
Omg yeah
IS IN THE SAME COUNTRY AS ME, OOOOOOOMB!
1st Prediction for 2010 Regular Season Wins -- Packers Over 9.5 wins -- Pack will win 7 at home & at least 4 road games
Mona is A ! What did u guys think of #PrettyLittleLiars spring finale ?? any fav parts ?? New episodes of PLL and Jane by Design June 5 8/7c
Haha arent you supposed to try to do better than your last?
It's pretty good, actually. Nice weather today, maybe not as nice as San Jose, but nice! How are you?
It's not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.
[provocative] “: RT Brands that market heavily do so because they have an inherently weak value proposition #HBRchat”
#4 Never saw FIR step out to talk to their fans before or after a show and I traveled farther than my hometown to see them
well at least I'm getting used to this on-and-off bullshit
Earning an MBA is a good idea for anyone interested in a successful business career.
Real Housewives of New Jersey Jewish Edition: family reunion very shortly...who doesn't love barbeques & Jewish moms?
fuck yeah they are
please contact me after the holidays.
The rumors are true. Corporate is shutting down all MLM sites. Stick with us as locally we are looking at options. Stay tuned.
Made another Great Cornocopia Balloon!
Recovery. Just as important as working out.
LOL I actually wrote that on my facebook page.
Here we go again.
Oh hai, thanks!
yup I'm from MI, america's mitten! lol
where you come from
no because you no come to NYC. Miss you Andrew... RT Because you're annoying? ; )
some backup receiver Tiquan Underwood. Still sucks though
Loving the show on HBO.. True Champions...
Come on, Wake. Don't blow it.
Ad hoc participatory archives dealing in analog material seems like interesting idea, but there is more to do to with our digital assets.
Great Game Kentucky
hey Justin can you follow me ? please you'll make me the girl more happier in the world if you follow me <3 i love ya
About to see the #HungerGames with ....I'm so glad it's not in 3D! Lol. May the odds forever be in ur favor.
after slow chanting i feel like i've had a warm bath. all i feel like doing is putting jim-jams on/ having warm cup of cocoa.
When pride comes, then comes disgrace, but with the humble is wisdom..
• Hate to tell you, the older you get the worse it will get.
If you're gonna give the president flack for talking about killing Bin Laden, then Dubya's entire reelect is null in void.
Occupy Cinema was in Cahiers du Cinema!!
Iron Chef Marquette in TONIGHT at 7pm in Marquette Place! Come watch this show inspired battle in the kitchen.
RT : If you dare to struggle then you dare to win, yet if you dare not to struggle then you don't deserve to win...
im sorry boo, i have class early today so i tucked in early last night. hope you sluts had fun. are u doing tbox next weekd?
I totally respect Kimbella for gettin so deep
Kids say the darndest things! RT : Overheard in my house "Look what I made mommy, it's a squid and a turkey"
-12 today in Denver....
Great Blog! Great post! I'll try it!!
Another day to please your customers
She'll be back at the end of this month! Thanks for watching!
yes, change is good!! I LOVE Ozzy's Boneyard!!!! Loving all the
Crazy thing is, I once mentioned to someone years ago that Scott's TV & radio commercials should feature a Scottish guy. They laughed at me.
yo be speaking the
Whoooooohoooooooo! RT : Half way to a super bowl
Holy Lord. ...that was sick. Tears in eyes, & I'm a Mary J fam, so major kudos!! said it best. Dude, you r blowing away JLO
You too! I got mine from my dad.
I am having a nice day and I love the new Ipod video camera it's really quite impressive for such a small device.
No i haven't but I want to! I also want to sit in with u next week when is good?
they've been replaced by DIY Soda machines
Just bought an 8 dollar salad and it turns out I'm not even hungry. Fack
I imagine a lot of girls will be pretending to drown this summer. Haha. ;)
Up since 5am this is going tobe one long day. -_____-
I ❤ MUSIC
Virginia man receives decades-old postcard from mother depicting Chicago's ... - Washington Post
well said!
You're fat. #yolo You Obviously Love Oreos
Thanks! It was a very beautiful thing to watch in a cemetary in the middle of the night. I'm glad the photo caught some of that.
Thanks so much for the support!
Good Morning! Rise & Grind!
my semester flew by and now I just don't know what to do with myself lol
So cold...... all i can do is hope someone finds me before im swolloed completely by the darkness...
I hate Manchester United
ikk it sucks :P
ooh frfr just goin whip it out huh??? Lmao *looks for it* lmao j/p or am i ummO:-)
Now that's an upset!
Since I'm at the HS level, don't know much about picture books and lower levels but they seem entertaining.
Lunch with hubs is not nearly as much fun.
I am going to opening day, for the #2016WorldChampion #Astros, going to be in Houston for B-Witt's wedding
welcome to the Old Dominion! Virginia is for Lovers...
Wish I was in SC with my fam today to celebrate my little nephew!
I'd forgotten how much the Metra pedestrian tunnel by my office reeks of urine.
heart attack - trey songz >>>
"You gotta know when you gotta good thing <3"
loved hearing all the fantastic stuff is up to from your eye on them..they're going to blow mobile up.
We're on our way to rehearse Debussy and Wagenseil with harpist Ursula Holliger!
Damn, I slept all day. Now if only I could have slept the rest of the year away.
wow the lies coming out of scott walker campaign to save butt from recall are incredible and volumnous.. what a horrible politician.
Shoutout to go follow her, her tweets r pretty sweet
The BET Awards Wasn't planned right this year And many artist are disappointed . What do you think ?
use hot water and epsom salt!
From the same book: "Follow-ups, we call them. We'd revisit the birth of Christ if we could squeeze a new angle out of it."
I shot this awesome watch yesterday and every second it ticks. I just want to throw it at the wall right now
Who has done a WordCamp presentation? I'm curious about time length, slides needed, etc. Thinking of applying.
Spacecraft, electric cars, green tech... anyone know when China will produce a website that doesn't open every link in a new tab?
ShawnMikael(s) moves on to the next round cc:
when u hitting austin again?
lmaoo u rite
So sad to see Apple stocks declining in value. :-(
oh wait got one of them... Lol
don't make fun of him brooke
Xubuntu definitely boots up faster than Fedora 15 XFCE...
s up
What's with Pinterest? Something to do with Harold Pinter?
If I'm Spitting on a track ..its most likely made by ME or my BRO !!! And we got some FIRE for yall coming soon !!!
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!56
I swear Tony Allen never has a fresh cut. He love to be a lil bit ruff.
It's love when you hear their voice in your head while your reading their texts.
Had a great conversation with Thomas (chickenpickin )Richardson about learning and doing pubic folklore. Great to have good colleagues.
The #Badgers win! Bring on Ohio State!
pair of jeans that fit just right....o:
LOL! She was nervous bro!!! You could see her legs shaking as she was attempting to dive from the top
"hard parts are the cultural practices and structural change"
it's definitely not a conspiracy lol
Holyfuck a car drove down my street and I thought the holy spearit had entered my room from the headlight reflecting on my walls omfg nsjasm
happy saint pattys day. I just started following you on twitter.
My story is I was bullied and rejected and wanted to end my life but I fought so hard to overcome and survive .Sad day but I am sure CONT
hey sweetie! I hope work is getting better for you!! You need to come over when you're free & we can talk and watch a movie!!
In very related news...I'm officially on the market & dating, I feel so sorry for you fellas.
Thanks for the RT!
Holla! STOKED. You know I love me some food trucks!
Look at my phone see name ...put my phone down without replying -__- lmao
#BOOTSTOASSES TRENDING WORLDWIDE!!!
Beautiful SF, please stay nice out long enough for me to take my clothes off and get some great photos!
Drop it like its hot
Can't wait to see
I saw PageOne back in March. I liked it and thought of rebooting the news throughout the movie. I hope you check it out.
is a stalker.
you be Saying I Love Black Thunder!!!
yeah I grew up in big spring - about 40 minutes away.
Ross stop, new decor stuff!
Omfg I love you so fucking much!!!! I'm determined to get a reply from you on here!!!! 
Follow me <3
Ctfu , I'm Not Doing That, He Is , I'm Just Tweeting Man
Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry!!!!!!!!!
I changed the way I looked at things, and the things I looked at changed.
Not again..
Will do. Very much looking forward to it.
that makes two of us rofl
He dies RT : About to peep this Mission Impossible Ghost Protocol movie. *turns phone off so no one spoils it*
LSU Tigers fall short in bid for sweep of Georgia Bulldogs
Thanks for following & the great mention!!
#osamabinladenisdead yay!!!!!!!!!!!!! Now my brother can come home
ha will do.
The Godfather, Jaws, Sleeping Beauty, Metropolis, Sunset Blvd., Saturday Night Fever, Easy Rider, The Bridge on the River Kwai.
I hate when my eyebrows dry all crooked
Oh gahhhhhd. Yes yes yes! I can't get over how sweet they were. *Swoon!
ikr it shall be fun
Dem so Called Bad HOES. So weak had to jump her... 6 against n she still came out scratchless... They clearly cnt find.. Team New Girl
Looks like love has finally found me hmmp*
That Flyer fan behind the Pens penalty box appears to have ordered the same ladies frames that George Costanza did
Awkward moment when you see a person from the team you hate the most out in public..
were very nice looking, but they allowed depression and hopelessness get the best of them, and they took their own lives!
Real eyes realize real lies
TWiTTER iS BULLSHiTTiN, CATCH Y'AL LATER!
:{ He went ta sleep on me
Hitachi FXTRIO-77 Whiteboard | refurbished Office ... - Tech for Less
I HATE WHEN they skip nicki's verse in ass
Cars & Coffee Nashville yesterday had a great turnout of Enzo's masterpieces & an original Cobra. RIP Caroll Shelby
sean berry just gave me a frown face. Says he would love to see you.
and of you boys want to teach about DM? ;)
So cute!
I won't stunt when I win the mega millions, I promise
Carmageddon baby boom. Seriously. This is hilarious.
#IfOnlyYouCould see how much I love you, how much I miss you, and how much I want to be with you.
Serving as a judge today for Emory Goizueta Business School's MBA Marketing Presentation Day
It looks like they're using Adobe Connect Pro
Happy New Year!!!!!
ladies, if you want to maintain control of your uterus, you CANNOT vote republican in 2012.
yep....so it goes with the #furkids!
Ah : ) That's the age I'd love to work with (that's what I think right now, anyway!).
Of course there are people who don't believe Obama's views on gay marriage were evolving. They dont believe in evolution anyway.
it's the biggest one I've ever seen.
reason what is your reason for hating....its a reason for everything
I actually wasn't really looking for him...
Love the song "Home". Listening to it at the end of the performance gives me chills. So meaningful to me.
hope you come and surf again soon!
. Not yet. Curating it tomorrow night and will post.
Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas .. STOP .. Now Make Them Muthafuckin Prices Drop!
and i have tues./thurs. classes
Hard to top corn on the cob + watermelon with the windows open on a beautiful Sunday night while gearing up to watch
didn't like the performance bro, but been a fan of yours from the start and its NOT time for you to go. Still got a vote here
i get the sense that's the case. i understand his point though. after all, he made git the way he wanted it and github removed it! why?
Best eye-trip ever!
I just want to let someone know, that even in the midst of your situation u can have the victory!!!!
Fate is what we make of life's twists & turns. We were never meant to be silent.
today I find out if I am a finalist in the speach contest. Prayers please.
Just watched speaking out with awesome show. Can't wait for Floyd to repeat history on cinco de mayo and be victorious
seriously? I like you man, but you sound jaded. Learn the sport dude.
Don't follow shit. Make shit.
No fuckin' way, kid.
Cause it's actually kinda far. Like two hours away and I never have a reason to go
Great day for it! RT : Farmers Market - ice coffee on board!! Come join the fun
Standing room only at Queen Street Commons yesterday with ! Suzanne certainly knows how to share knowledge. #Lunch&Learn
oops! I mean Legolas.
Back atcha! Have a
I chose the first no matter how ugly I am they all look better
Back from 6 days in #Haiti. Most public squares in Port-au-Prince remain tent cities; thousands w/o homes. Rebuilding too slow.
There is a car riding around shooting fireworks in my hood. I have an unopened beer waiting to fuck his back window up.
What can I say? The whole "rust bucket" sequence is perfect. & unlike some, I have no problem with Tony Stark killing people.
Kiss the sauce!
Penn Virginia Misses Overall
. Yo kid. The is calling your name.
I won already. I am Commissioner of Publicity :-)
Get it. Well, as long as you're talking in metaphor here. #SaveMeOne RT "First order of business: destroy In and Out."
"Quiet I got sum shit cumn"
Fact: Lots of midwestern kids still grow up thinking "colored" is the proper way to refer to African American people.
what is the story with a google invite?
Find your freedom in your music find your Jesus Find your cupid♥
I would hate to be Swansea, United is going to rain down goals on them.
We rely on extrinsic incentives in education...A's and F's.
Deep. RT And thats why I stay single. Females get so caught up in their appearance that they forget to develop character.
Especially if you have a peanut allergy.
get well soon and return to my beloved PACKERS Mr. Blackmon!
no, but playing in Las Vegas with Joey DeFrancesco this weekend (4/20-21). Cheap flight?
the case? comes in many colors!!!!1!!
Client meeting! At #victory brewery nonetheless
Watching #RG3 #Redskins press conference. He is an impressive young man.
OMG tweets from the womb! (via )
any free picks for tonight?
Pics of new wee sister?
Those are two huge responsibilities. What song are you singing and what is on the menu?
shhh it was suppose to be a secret :(
- hey Kare, it's been a wild day - haven't even had a chance to read your comment...looking forward to connecting -
Why does he have to leave </3 :(
seriously, is that too much to ask for? :/
in the vein of Do you see that as feasible?
Join in helping to provide 40 meals for every RT
Ten World Champions limited edition prints of Nelson Mandela signed original artwork released in USA-details at MandelaArt.com.
I want Daric Barton off my team and off the planet
Enjoy ! Sounds like fun.
This is Mary McElhattan from Las Vegas. Just found you on twitter. Been thinking of you, would like to connect soon!
No one wasted more potential. RT : Antoine Walker has retired from basketball.
how have you been doing sexy momma
"Kobe should have been more aggressive to get the ball...yadda yadda yadda" oh, wrong person.
I thought Frank implied the GF is no longer?
Trying to wake up???? Hit our neighbors for a cup of almost famous Irish coffee!!! I could definitely use one and so can you!!!
met today. girl's got it together.
Oh that's right... Nothing 😳😒
The problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind
Pfft I wish.
Awesome, thanks for the answer. I figured it was something like that but wasn't sure.
or drug her coffee in the morning she always comes into
no problem!(:
#littlerandomsierrafact my favorite tv show is Law & Order SVU!
hey we should hook up while you are here, I'm sure you and have lots of fun things to talk about ;-)
haha, thanks though!
As does Scout. Although, more often, I'm the jerk...
The current recommendation from the American Academy of Pediatrics is to wait until at least 4-6 months before introducing solid foods.
Hahah We would..... but it would end up being fair... in a sweepstakes sorta thing.
actually found out it is believe it or not :-)
