Big Krit- Insomnia
This is ridiculous. I need to start going to bed at a decent hour..
Hey bella, I just wanted to know if u could tell how to dress like Cece on shake it up and what r your favorite stores
man I just got flicked by the police while I was hitting a blunt..I forgot to turn my headlights on..LMAO I guess I was asking for it!!!
is there no Tuesday soccer/rugby ninja equivalent in Brooklyn?
I NEED HELP WITH CORPORATION TAX RETURN FORM 1120 OR 1120 S! http;//www.taxproblem.org
Thank you gorgeous!
I always used to think the numbers on a toaster were heat settings not minutes
I can't believe my little brother graduates from High School, today! Congrats Jake the Snake!!
Getting ready for graduation this morning. I hope all the students can make it to the
indulging in an chocolate protein shake this morning. um YUM!
Hrmph. I want that for dinner, too
What do you want Lexington Market to become? How do we get it there?
Grinding is the key to succes!
Shit is about to get crazy here
LETS GO #DEVILS!!! SO PUMPED
“ Next week gonna be crazy! #Revenge”
And so begins the wave
Just got back from Spring Green... all the laundry done, room cleaned, mail checked, hair cut, I got SO much done
Hey you pulled our email abilities 36 hours ago and we still haven't heard a reply to our inquire! Help! Please!
i don't know which excited me more seeing on twitter or seeing an account called Either way...im Following BOTH
thanks for the convos this week. looking forward to more goodness next week :)
What's the best place to stop for coffee in Louisville, KY?
If I were to get Lasik, then I'd get the best treatment possible, but Im not really into lasering my eyes.
To make it a truly "common intellectual experience" all first semester #bighistory FYS courses share same readings, syllabus
This rain better hold off till I get my snowcone!
my phone is dead dude just dm me
Intense game, but we won
patriots all the way!
did you sing Don't Cry For Me Argentina as you poured it out?
Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers who take care of us :-)
Falling in love is so fun, I hope it last forever.
This Day in Blues History: Nov 13, 1942, blues singer and guitarist John P. Hammond Jr. born in New York City
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work. Rita Mae Brown
RT Also upset Newsweek didn't consider whether Obama might also be the first Sith, Hobbit or Kryptonian president
Wow, I remember following you, when you had like 7k, back in november 2011 (:
Rat tail Mexicans haha
#ThingsIHate when people leave me voicemails
We GRIND for our city.
still awake. workin on the homepage...
#HeyCrispy If I had a choice, I would spend my 100 coins on you instead of an extra life.
I did not. When/where?
another one of our very talented ladies #booked herself a re-curing role on a #Pilot! we put you in front of people who matter!
Digital Dead End TODAY at 4:30. See you there!
"You can't archive something that hasn't happened yet!" "YOU can't."
its about someone and thats not cool to say over twitter.
Making music make money. Making music with your ipad. Lol we don't need to record using amp at da studio anymore
Hey you know what? Fuck you.
I love serving my clients, but sadly the service isn't free!
The wind in SoCal is making it so hard to concentrate. It's all the positive ions... or is it the negative ones.
hell yeah ! thats my shit right there!
You don't have any. #awkward jk.
haha wow. twitter is soo messed up! :p how many did you gave before?
Today is a step closer to your dream, No matter how many times people say no to you never give up!
I'm never gunna watch Captain America! Try base the movie on him killing Hitler. Fuck that!! Captain America kiss my ass and go choke. Hmph!
people have just been pissing me off this week
So perfect.RT : Me: "Gracie, do you know what your shirt says?" Her: "Yep, soccer ball." Me: "Great, let's take a picture."...
Starting to get excited for my performance today at Ribfest in Vinoy Park! I will be opening on the main stage.
If you're looking for a Shapefile, try the "Original" link, which just serves up the original source file.
considering a 2-line family plan, unlimited talk, text & web.....but without an outrageous $$ is that possible?? :) lol!
go to teh center 4 kidz who cant read good n want to learn to do other things good 2! i.e. private skool
Loving life is a beautiful thang! Enjoy ur day peeps ;))
If my mom sends me to school, I'm going off. Does she not see how sick I am or does she need a better prescription for her glasses?
Check out Design Essentials Diamonds Oil Sheen Spray, it is an aerosol oil sheen that adds a lustrous shine to completed styles.
Good Morning !
You're welcome and happy weekend to you as well!
Girl I usually love u but you really acting childish on this episode stealing purses and crap lol .Your 40 girl act likeit
His tank top and beanie oh damn
Just dropped my daughters off at camp - I know they'll have a great time, but it always just feels wrong! I'm going to miss them.
Happy Friday! Got any plans? I am going to a wedding in LA and also excited to meet new baby boy!
it's crazy how people i'm not even following retweet me.
hey dude
aw have a safe trip the rest of the way!
da weekend here what we looking like broski
I think you're right about that. This book is giving me chills. This is some powerful writing. ooy
can't wait to see you March 27th @ the Riverside in Milwaukee!!!!
At house to work on our social studies project
I'll be , 7 PM tonight for their first open mic night, "Random Thoughts"!
Step away from the Vicodan!! Thatisall
you know it! I didn't get to the labels session but am now at audience engagement
: that's what I do for a living....haha! Ponte a estudiar!
How's the little one doing?
#Team2Tone join our countdown for our single!!! Day 8 yea buddy :)
Happy Monday Friends! Anticipating todays photo shoot w/ Fashion model Tsolo from MM! Pics 2 come soon! Come Follow Our Blog 4 More Updates!
Chris Brown is doing a great Qbert impression
I did everything for u now when I'm gone u still Gunna fuck up ur life smhhhh
Good luck fighting through all the scientists...
I am hosting a challenge for 5 people who are willing to commit to getting in amazing shape!! Want to join? Read details on my blog:...
OMG UR FROM IRELAND???? i have roots from there i cant wait to go there sometime it looks so pretty and magical.... *dream* (-<)
Quote of the day "You can't even call them (Charlotte Bobcats) shitty because it's an insult to shit."
You have no idea how much I like you, how much you make me smile, how much I love talking to you, or how much I wish you were mine.
In less than 32 hours I will be in the air! Woo!
I haven't either.
What Samuel L Jackson doesn't know is that Siri actually LOVES Hotzpacho
Redskins Nation!!!
It's cold today, but it's good to know spring is right around the corner.
Our Klout Score should be "AWESOME" // MT : , your Klout Score is 39 (I'm a 55). Check out your profile today!
We ain't never gonna get that Kush & OJ music quality no more..
Happy mothers day to my mom, she's been through a lot and the fact she puts up with me is mind blowing! Haha love ya ma :) ❤🎀💐
Way to be an ignorant fuckass. Mark Bingham on Flight 93 was gay and helped defend the plane against terrorists.
Send an email to with all your questions and we will be more than glad to help you! :)
this is my first rewatch since meeting a bunch of cast members last year.
Today we get our hspa scores.. oh boy. Lord help me.
Obama's biggest gaffe! Omitting square dancing. Say no to Congress! Yes to fiddle!
you're welcome!!!
A big cheers to the Tuscaloosa News staff for utilizing both traditional and new media to cover the deadly tornadoes of last spring. Bravo.
You're so lucky! I love starbucks! But I rarely get to go there! :/ But I got Dunkin' so that's alright haha. ;D
Last night was amazing... But of course this happens
We wish you a Merry Christmas, a prosperous New Year and of course above all the best of luck at the poker tables!!!
Haha its been an HR wait for me finally home. I drink a lot of water at work lol not a good deal
Are you saying you like high school girls with poofs?
Retweet this if you dig our music. If you haven't heard it yet, why don't you take a peek? www.facebook.com/coventrysquare
same too ya
Asking #StAnthony for a special favor this month.
My memories for #ChuckBrown go back since I was 6 or younger...way before I knew who a Michael or a Whitney was.
I'm trying to sleep! I can't fucken sleep tho /:
it's just him ducking the fight everybody wants if no one wanted to see them fight Floyd would be calling him out left & right
Happy Birthday to one of the cutest junior executives around!
haha aw thanks! (:
Totenberg: this is going to be extremely difficult for reporters to cover due to legalese.
It's been 7 months since she died bt it still hits home every time I think about it
Hard to be bad ass and tough when your wearing argyle. Just sayin #UNC uniforms
All these girls are hmu today BUT YOU!</3
time to play survivor: systems analysis - last person voted out of 109 wins.
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
Starting my 5 hour layover in Denver on the way back home. Can't wait to see the family.
If U R looking 4 a bank 4 yr business, I HIGHLY recommend US Bank. Service is unsurpassed & plus I had wine at lunch so I luv everyone
don'tcha love how dubbed that guy's voice is? Also, if you're abt 30, just buy a tuxedo, it'll pay for itself in four weddings.
Go 'head... Run your mouth... Fake ass people, I'm on to you.
I'll be the next to unfollow U!! lol
Changing a bed skirt has never been so quick and easy! The EasyFit Bed Skirt 's versatile style coordinates with any bedding and its inno
Houston Astros, Brett Myers close to multiyear contract extension
Thanks for the follow! We're hoping to help volunteers make a more visible impact in the next year.
Hello world im lit!!!!!!
All good dude. If they played a little better 1H, would have been a totally different game.
Beliefs is sounding heavy as fuck.
The U.S. now has an approved Anti-Bot Code of Conduct for ISPs. Great work by all involved!
True! wan hear tuesday!
This week's #phillyhunt question: In today's Inquirer on the Inquirer Express page, what is the first headline in the Entertainment section?
Got call for voter survey on Eanes School District, told her live in Lakeway School District, she said no problem still can do. Great!
He should have known.
Thank you Thank you very much/ For within your behaviors/ Lies a lesson for me/ Ha2ku by ha2tim
kiss kiss hug hug hooray xxoo!!
Welcome Megan! Let's dig in..Q1. What is driving your interest in mobile marketing and apps?
love at first sight? i dont know i zoom
congrats to and the #NJDevils posse. big W! keep it rollin'
Good luck! “: We're in Albuquerque today meeting with the University of New Mexico to discuss service for 2,100 on-campus beds.”
DeMaio runs out of time before he can respond to Fletcher.
all of the above. And decided I needed to load up the locksmith w tequila as a thank you
I enjoy TV commercials in Latin America. They are just so... wrong!
Is it fair that Sakai gets to make a pitch to higher Ed CIOs without giving equal time to Moodle?
Why can't you message me first?
Let's hit this workout
The 77-bed replacement facility for Walton Regional Medical Center has became operational as Clearview Regional Medical Center.
I gotta sell for at least 300.00
State should use TANF funds to fund support low income children and families...not cut these services.
On top of being tired, my face broke out over night and I didn't put on makeup and my hair looks bad. Today'sjust gonna be AWESOME.
I'm good. You?
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 4
Lol ikr!! I need to be down there kicking it!!
the ole wrath of shelly and mike. Got charged out the ass at my last place. Good luck.
In church saying there's still hope
Heading to to celebrate the 1st sitting US President endorsing marriage for all. Thanks
I have an emotional attachment to Florida. I had my first taco there. You can't forget your first taco.
Fucking Hell. I thought 'When Mitt Romney Came to Town' was going to be a badass Western; instead it's a Michael Moore doucheflick.
Life has been treating me well recently.
i love u and im horrible :/ but ill be better in a month they said
follow me It's Tiffany ^.^
You're going out in style and I'm getting tired Of all your lying, stop pretending, stop.
apartment searching is hard!
#ImSickOf school. Summer is comin' baby!!
#MyTop10GucciSongs Candy Lady ....my other fave :-) :-) :-)
enjoyin early sunday morning with my buddies JLo and JaRule, singing and bumpin with I'm Real!.
politics is for poofs.
It is the platform of the Green Party that, “every human being deserves a say in the decisions that affect their lives.
Had so much fun today with the team at the "Big Dreams" book signing & Read&Romp event in Birmingham. Al.
haha I was craving popeyes...Rally's cheeseburgers are dominant tho and the fries are one of a kind
. Is it a still a surprise if I see it on twitter first?
S/o to I'm going to have to pay closer attention to ur tweets
Make that eight homers allowed in 20.2 IP for Tommy Hunter in his career at Rogers Centre.
oh mos def. I can't help myself. I compulsively catalogue & rank too damn much... 2011 will be up on either the 30th or 31st
Early on, the two MIT classmates realized that people were shifting their shopping and research habits to the web
Thought 4 The Day: Are you just living or are you living life and fulfilling your purpose? Make things happen, don't let them happen to you!
Riding behind tint wit a bitch you neva seen before..
Lovin the bulbstorm massage chair before home. No idea why this isn't the best seat in the house? Maybe cuz it's hard to tweet.
New #uxSEARS blog preparing for launch.
thank you, can't wait to be back!
can you cone through around 10:30 am on Friday ?
& are busy in the office today with Cleopatra, CEO....do you have your tickets yet?!
that AzMarie woman looks creepy and LOL at them. "Shacked up" lmao.
it was nice meeting you yesterday at the citadel! Haven't seen you since Cody's birthday last year lol (:
okay, thanks!:)
Getting close! “: I wish it was Football Sunday today! #GoPackGo”
depends on what kind of guy she was looking for jesus use to love to clean feet
My last full week of high school!!!
Now following..
If u can't be a blessing in Ur life then I'd rather be nothing
i got an awesome check today. I'm gonna spend it all getting my tattoo Tuesday ^.^ it keeps getting better.
Occupy Seattle is happening right outside my window. I hear sounds of helicopters, police, and loud 60s music.
Cooking pasta. Hhhhnmmmm
Colbertnation I went to website looking for "setting square" hoping to get for charity auction, autographed would be best- let me know.
I did it, motherfuckers. I bought a purse AND jeans. You don't know how hard I've worked to get here.
and apparently grab her ass too ;) lmao
Received my 1st gift bag....headed to Everready
cool RT : is now communicating with customers and business partners on Twitter.
I didn't pick up from the profile this was about #RevolutionaryWar Vets Marksmen. I'm glad I looked at your cool website!
Hope you have a beautiful morning and a fantastic day.
A musical experience you don't want to miss. This event is filled with workshops and concerts www.mariachispectacular.com
DJ Quik - "Killer Dope"
I really LOVE my Ranger Con Shirt! Cant wait to see you in Lexington KY on March 24th!
While watching NY v MIA I told Siri to play Nipsey Hussle
That awkward moment when most of the #NewDirections tweets is about 1D and not actually about
And how did I do that??
I see why people charge $500+++ for fusions ... Them shits burn the hell out of your fingers
I have a special pillow
Nicely done! RT landed deal to run all ticket sales for the #rollingstone #superbowl2012 party w/ #gymclassheroes &
Where the hell everybody @
love that movie!!!
If you're a graduate of please tweet them 140 characters of how you've benefited from your education.
so good! Kind of wishing I was a Megadeth fan ;)
One more day of school! Then the weekend~
lol yeh he does..im sorry if i ever did something to you (:
available at the shop for appointments through November 12th!
Mississippi and New Orleans.
That MOON! whoa!
this is a good thing?
"Nat Fans" I think is the favored term
Welp RT “: No #philmeon RT Open up her legs & philmeon THAT pussy, I'm gon get in & own that pussy.”
RT ": The shell must break before the bird can fly."
how soon, after a domain expires, can it be acquired?
And my daughter exploded.
Gordon said that she stopped time when she walked into a room. Other women were like clocks compared to her.
Tell you what. I'll maded you a cookie. (And if you're lucky, I won't eated it.)
this man really is th ebest praise and worshipper of our time.whn w were recording our single in hollywood we wer inspired by u
Today's BTU inspiration: "Is the one I love everywhere?" ~Rumi
i have ac prom but lets be fun saturday !
I just found She is the deeloper of these THAT conventions. Very ORGANI conventions that I believe are WIRED for CHANGES!
Another great #smckc breakfast this morning
Happy Father's Day to the best daddy in the world, even though he wrestles too rough with me sometimes! Ruv Roo, !!!!!!!!!
Biz owner? Always dream of hosting a mustache bash, old-timey party, adult tricycle races or any other ridiculous awesomeness? Get at me!
"Get him to the Greek" movie - worth watching?
I've never used motherless; everybody has a biological mom & dad, whether they r deceased, deadbeats, crackheads or n prison
We on some hype shit, got ya girl on that white shit
DCS: A10 Warthog is pretty damn difficult... Been at it for a few hours now and I've barely earned the title of "noob". Any tips?
trying to tweet more, but dont know what to say!
for her he gave her hope until the lungs got damaged. Their is not cure two of her symptoms read up on them. Any one who can or knows
Who got clips this weekend??
thanks bruh spread some of my music around to your people
8:45 am, if lucky. MT Pet peeve: "How come u never tell me when u have shows? "It's not like u tell me when ur going to work.
Develop understanding.
There's two things you can do when you trip. 1. Act like your starting to jog, or 2. Act like you just pulled your hamstring and stretch
That random moment when you walk ina bathroom an some one is knocking the boots in there
L O FUCKING L my ex is married to Grace Gore on facebook BAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
#FeelsSoGood to be doing healthy things :)
Having dinner mexican food...
i was born ready fool
dirty dancing (:
64% of Marylanders support a bag fee, according to a 2011 public opinion poll.
Very true, no stand outs in the rookie class this year. But hurt or healthy, Rubio would have been runner-up to Kyrie
BREWERS WIN!!!! FINALLY!!!!
Super excited to see my love tomorrow morning!!! 😍😘☺
God is good! Been in and out of the hospital the last week. Today I'm working just call me lil Oprah!
looking for the Cards game but found in da case of Shameka more lips than gloss, 4 yr old Devon, Eugene father of 13, you are not the father
ordered coop btwn the Health Depmnt + the MTA to ensure that city's more than 800 dialysis patients can reach services.
A lunatic in a sweater is still a lunatic. I do believe St. Rick's ship has sailed, tho. The GOP will have to deal with Mittens.
Looking for a Voice/Acting Teacher for Two Rapidly Up coming Auditions Please contact me with your rates ASAP Denver/Aurora Area Only Thanks
Yes, it is all well in Colo Springs, and your trucks and SUVs make the live in the winter here a lot easier... a lot easier
Things are looking up
you were hilarious! Yes, I would. What time does it start?
More great people to follow
thanks and iam going to sleep gnight babe
why is Ms Piggy making eyes at me?
thanks alot brotha man. you killed it. :) lets do it again soon
the time2 spent w/la model has become light work &much social ,fine its la art of entertaining so fine a woman, model &a person & painting B
Thank you waitress for confirming with a lemon is not a good combo. Lime is good, and they are very similar so I understand.
SO true.
I REALLY LOVE YOU I CANT BELIEVE THAT YOU FOLLOW ME I KNOW IT WAS A LONG TIME BUT WOW IT REALLY MAKES ME :) I LOVE YOU CODY! <3
I like your movie tastes! Ride the High Country, Sullivan's Travels, Foreign Correspondent....
Nice feel in here tonight! Lots of laughter mixed with the sound of Nat King Cole right now!
Gunning’s Seafood Restaurant 7304 Parkway Drive Hanover,Maryland 21076 Just off 295 and 100 you can find Hot Steamed Crabs. Come Enjoy!
The Meaning of Wearing AnkletsYou can buy jewelry stands For- anklets for sale
Ready for this moving thing to be done....
First rehearsal for the big Beatles bash tonight -- looking forward to digging into some fun new Lennon & McCartney charts!
#DoubleCup “: dRANk SiNATRA..”
I love movie nights. Need sleep now, so much to do tomorrow
$ECYT be careful longs...
OBL should be literally buried with a boot up his ass!
Shout out to John Lang Fine books & Skyblue the beatmaker. Yep, I'm the only fiction writer with a DJ!
Ugh, ugh, ugh.
This is a tweet... that feels better
1924 when he reached 124 miles per hour on the "Pendine Sands" of
Brb, dying because is at The Middle East and I'm not.
Milwood was in the bigs with the #Rockies. He is a fly ball pitcher which generally doesn't work well
they are very funny. Love me some Aoki. ;)
Hope everyone had a great weekend! Is anyone doing anything special for Valentine's Day tomorrow?!
We are proud of you. You put in the hard work so you deserve the praises
is excited to meet up with many of my 944 fam in LA tomorrow and check out our new corporate headquarters there!
RT : I guess I'm thinking of kids books, say Captain Underpants...yeah, lots would just smell like air freshener
More gifs please,
My office is fancy. OH: "Hey, what do you mean by 'clear your cache?' (pronounced "ca-shay")"
I need a belt, gun and book of spoilers for my riversong costume. That belt is so hard to match!
tell them you write a sports blog
We can solve this over some beer. And an NES. Or an Atari?
Tonight's menu: curried tilapia, peas & rice w/ a vegetable medley.
just had me some DRAGON FRUIT :)
So I was making a case that Pinterest is for women and sure enough on the front page: pictures of sandwiches and kitchens.
Happy mothers day to all the mothers.
ok. that's enough. Those of us on campaign budgets occasionally are forced to get mcdonalds and don't need this.
It's an A-1 music day.
Happy Birthday Dad. I miss you!
Slept in today. Didn't have to wash this morning. Took part in the meteor shower last night.
Oh lord...interview Saturday in Morristown, NJ.
im good!! little tired< i cant wait till june 18:D
makin coin?
Due to injuries Mikey Jones & Rashaun Richardson will not be playing in the Run N Slam in Ft. Wayne. Believing for quick recoveries.
"I like to think that the rapture did come, but Macho Man Randy Savage was the only one who proved worthy"
no you pervert
I’m not gonna waste time chasing people. You wanna leave? Fine then, go. I’m done chasing & caring for people who never had interest in me.
What a night for season finales! #Scandal #greysanatomy and #missing...all left me on the edge of my seat! Lol
All learning should be based around the individual.
You can't judge people from what you see.
I really need to stop eating taco bell so late at night.. every night...
Damn, got some kind of headache. Must of been something I ate last night
Cranking Baba O 'Riley the the Gomers as loud as it will go. Thanks
Happy #TTOT to you too.
You think dogs will not be in heaven? I tell you, they will be there long before any of us. ~Robert Louis Stevenson
You're so funny, bridge! ;)
The ref was blind. The kids were robbed. You were defending all that is just and pure. Case closed. ;)
you aren't going to Vegas
Severely underestimated the great vibes of listening to Aer in the car during the summer.
I know where im gonna be this summer lol. Hmu when u move so I can help with the move
any good music happening tonight?
RT : Happy Birthday God bless and enjoy the day!!~Thanks
Hey thanks! Why not be clever? Makes twitter more fun, I think!
JAY-Z - IM NOT A BITER IM A WRITER IM A BITER.....
Road trippin' to Jax with and #WhatACrew Hope one of us ships this thing, esp me!
Bad night indeed. We're just sitting here waiting now. Supposedly be here within another hour.
conceptually the case for them is really strong IMO but practically it may not work best w every client dep. on their engagement
Who was the homestead memes?
follow me!!
- Thanks for the RT!
hi I miss tweeting you !:)
headed to NYC for the armory show. you know how to find me.
Movies and chocolate tonight with the girls.... Have to study first though
Well it was made by John Hammond, so the answer is obvious. No.
Imperfection is simply not a good enough excuse to have someone keep hurtinq you just because they feel like it.
tell your producer that the story on China that is playing now their microphone has been left ON as it plays. Can hear convo!!!
I really wish there was a in south Austin.
this is gone be a year like non other
Best way to learn ;)
Bento's a moron, plain and simple for me. Bringing Martins over Viana is ridiculous. Quaresma is plain old.
Double Door tomorrow night! 8pm doors 8:30 show, get there early, great bands. We go on at 10:45. 5 bands $7 so come on out!
Scary thunder & rain in SF!
Just four days ago I was rooting for Mike Rupp in the Winter Classic. Now he sucks!! HE SUCKS.
haha you should be! you are going to prom with an awesome guy!!
damn u cute wanna be in a music video!
LUCKeSHOPPER, Nice way to shop! Get rewarded for your purchases!!!
Maybe you should delete this too if that's what you think. It's not drama, just being straight up Bro.
RT : Happy birthday shoutout to» !!!!! happy birthday !!!!!
Brilliant. : "The smartest person in the room is no longer a person but the room itself"
Going to Maine :3
SPRING BREAK SPIRAL JETTY 2012
#KHHS #2013 Good luck on your midyear exams! Don't forget to study, study study!
At this point, the only way that characters in The Walking Dead could act any dumber is if they continued to watch The Walking Dead.
Our Executive Director, Dr Douglas Thaman, now testifying in support of SB 576.
anyone have videos from the show on Tuesday ?
Great stuff!
Thank you for the RT and Happy Birthday!
I suggest bringing a magazine or two. I bought Justins US magazine issue, so I was happy :D
I miss Webb's too! But they still have some restaurants, right???
I love Wish she was on all the time!
RT~Happy Birthday, enjoy!!! It's my birthday, it's my birthday, happy birthday to me!
May you enjoy the ‘spirit’ of this ‘sweet’ day! Happy Halloween!
#AMovieToDescribeMyEx .l.<-- THIS!!
Bad Bitch!!!!RT : Bad Boy ;) hahahahahahahah
hey! :) well been pretty busy! Mainly just school finals & such! hbu??
Sophie and Annabelle rule.
yea you might be a bad bitch but no female should put that label of being a bitch on theirselves
I swear drama seem to follow me
Weaving together footage of Gimbutas, as well as interviews with her supporters and critics, the video reveals a visionary scholar whose...
yes my pr person uploaded it for me..i want to add my signature to ur campaign and maybe we can meet up thursday or friday
Happy hump day lovelies and thanks new followers
that's is a strange but VERY funny tweet
Lubbock, Texas be ready! On January 21st we will have an awesome action packed card!
would be glad to look guide. Would need more info to answer 'linked' question. Perhaps can you send me an email?
where can I get an outlaw bandanna
back home from #boston. goodtimes but my feet stink like clam chowder.
May is asian pacific american heritage month.
RT : Royal Northern College of Music buying bass clarinet solo and bass cl + piano music from me for their library. That's nice!
"The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it." – Henry David Thoreau.
Men win WARS, not MAGIC tricks!
I have been stuck in traffic so long, the news cycle has repeated
: You look to be doing great things.
lol I know! I will never forget that day, it was too funny.
wrapping up sound check. Tonight is going to get pretty heady Doors in an hour and 12
Freaky how an insurance agent from one company accessed my auto coverage details from another company while she quotes.
P. Dan Wiwchar~ Your brain can only absorb what your ass can endure.
Tracking on record is officially done, mixing next... We need to play a SHOW so bad, who can help us book shows? We are challenged.
I am very proud to be a founding member of EarDish, the entity that will change the music world as we know it !!
I got em creating healthy meals for me on the grill at work. Everyone is in line looking at me crazy. I don't care tho. Lol!
So I found out who reported us! She put up an angry rant on facebook! lmao
that's bad
Let's go !
Bruno is so SHORT !!
NYC based actor SAG/AEA/AFTRA new to twitter
I have multiple needs for Microsoft BIDS experience - ETL w SSIS and SSAS contractors in the Los Angeles area!
serious...text me
I am home now sitting on twitter, RELAXED.
If I aint got nobody I got ha !!!!
Windy day in ABQ. Felt like someone was throwing handfuls of sand at my face.
nobody of importance... A really bad opera singer from New Orleans... It was
I play Thriller for the first time in a while, MJ dies that day. I watch Pitchmen for first time on Discovery, Billy dies too. What's up?
#ThingsBetterThanTheMiamiHeat Danica Patrick's NASCAR career.
Thought for today: "Be light about it", what does this mean for you? If you're willing to take this on, how might that affect your TODAY?
#OccupyNashville it seems the THP is backing down.
is so amazing! She is the best aunt,role model, and the best mentor i could ever ask for! <3 yah Aunt Kim
Okay - You're awesome.
Croque Madame- Open-faced ham & cheese with mornay topped with an over-easy egg. $9.00
Have a great day!
S/o to thanks for the follow ;-)
I wish I was one of those people who could repeat song lyrics better so that I didn't have to look like a dork trying to sing/mumble along
Phone be fuckin up an shiiiet.
Thanks Shane
#RiseUp here we go #clippers!
Philly trip with
get it, tiger!
Would love to see the math behind pricing that call option model...
I don't quite understand what getting thousands of likes on a fb post of an irrelevant picture is so important. Chill out, bro.
yeah it was horrible. But lebron and dwade are stars and they know how to bounce back
you don't know nothing about that. Lol. SWV-weak.
And where are we stopping ourselves from achieving our own goals? (love questions like this!)
Aggressively unfollowing annoying Twitter people today. Why do so many twitter accounts prominently feature the N-word latley?
I Have No Circle I Hold My Own Don't Need No Backup
Seems like a while but on the road again. Dallas tonight, AC tomorrow, vegas next week!
Wish I was home watchin bball like every1 else on my TL
i work next door to you
Barca: Leg Council lawyers and LRB director say Act 10 can't take effect due to LRB action today; only Sec. of State can order pub
100% Rest day ~ First one in weeks...and by rest day I mean working a 12 hour track meet
is it me or is the media not really seeing the bigger issue here? Also, only focusing on what they want to in Bo's interview..
Let's do it! #Starving ": let's go get some #biscuitngravy"
Congrats to on her 10th anniversary at ! Great role model for young people like myself working in the biz :)
He spoke your name.
Thanks for the follow! :)
Love what I do most of all I'm enjoying it! !!!
Hushpuppies accompany seafood,what did they ever do to deserve that??
Tell suitors u don't date. Go out with them as friends with other ppl a few X's. U will learn more truths about them w/o dating. I Promise.
Requesting additional funds to attend an electronic records conference.
Kiss me like you mean it.
We're going to ride the Expo line today! Anybody tried it yet? How was your experience?
Happy Hour till 6pm ~ 1/2 price sushi, beer and wine!
wahhhhhhhhh i won't be home by then.
Princeton, WV area....Sanctus Real or Tenth Avenue North?
You love simply because you cannot help it. by Kim Anderson
i just was just in this awkward fake super happy mood...
Daniel Lamarre: "If you haven't seen a permanent show, you don't know us." OK! Who wants to go to Vegas!?
me too man, howd your thing go?
Note: when testing pagination on a dev site, make sure you have more items than the max amount per page... or you might go crazy
Hmm... hey Katelynne Margross... you gave me, the fabulous Katelyn DeLuzzia a great idea... HOOTZIGREUTER *hoot goot* im an owl ftw
wise move my friend.
I painfully agree. I just think it's alot. it was a little different for the Falcons. they had to move up like 16 spots.
Absolutely, we are always happy to help with breastfeeding questions!
I hate you, but I miss you...
I thought only assholes only used the word FAG
Still need my #DesperateHoueswives #GossipGirl and #GreysAnatomy finales ..... And start... Now
I just got back last night! Let's hang ASAP, I miss you's :)
Why do teachers assign homework during #midterms. I understand your midterm was on Monday, but it's not the only class I have to study for.
Good morning! I hope everyone is having a great Monday.
Hope New Orleans has plenty of bourbon in stock because the entire state of Kentucky is on it's way
I don't use drugs, my dreams are frightening enough
why do you keep doing the winky faces??? Lol. Are you horny?
Morning Wisdom: Condoms prevent Minivans #FoodforThought Goodmorning y'all
RT : I love girls that play softball.
haha, seems right somehow.. seems right
Just thought I would spread the word to a fellow metal head.
Maintaining a complicated life is a great way to avoid changing it. ~ Elaine St. James
I don't even think I loved him like I thought I did.
we are standing upfront.
#IBetUwon't CHANGE YO T.V. STATION OFF 106&PARK .!
I do not regret buying this grocery bag full of Victoria magazines. This is like Tumblr from the 90s.
the dusky light is stippled with a million black spots when he removes his eye wear.
Morning game of pool with David Mehrle? Could be weird without the triangle thing.
Rain finally coming down!!
TUNE INTO THE PULSE TONIGHT! ON POWER98.3 Where HIP-HOP LIVES!!!!
that is awesome, thank you for breakfast beers and wings!
Was giving my cousin some fair relationship advice. How he goes about it is his choice. He is a young adult now.
my membership'll be short-lived. :)
It is great! And, we're very grateful. Thank you PNM Fund!
ResearchMoz: Services Oriented Architecture (SOA) Middleware Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 ...
Thanks for sharing a follow, Sara. And I must admit that your Naughty Librarian glasses are hot!
Eek, really? I'm not sure there's any subliminalinception hoodoo that could make *want* to listen to him...
Happy Birthday Martha Quinn!!!
you are the bitch!:P
For those who forget, when Mitch Daniels was head of the OMB he estimated that the Iraq War would cost $60b max. $800b+ and counting.
You're quiply keeping me on my toeslies.
LOVED new movie! SEE IT. Just got me some Mane n' Tail ( )!!! Thanks Morgan - keep up the good work! :)
If you see Sylvester Stallone running between the cars...get out..!!!
My puppy is 5yrs old today!!!! Happy birthday Zoe!!
another day offshore, another kind of weather no 2 days are alike out here. Sunny, calm but still a little chilly today.
U didn't tell me u were going to #HEAT game! I coulda hooked u up there big time! SMH
crossing off my to-do list feels awesome!
Just saw on State Street! You guys think he should come to Bombers after his speech for the Galaxies best burgers?
I will continue ABRA Budget Oversight hearing April 17 @ 5PM at the Wilson Bldg to discuss Mayor's proposed extension of bar hours.
Jealous.... That's like a classic shot!
m... sounds yummy!
Hey Colleen! If you're looking for a personal trainer in Hollywood, I'm your man! I train Playboy models.
Exaclty! It's like a sign of glory! LOL
that was an awesome game, especially the post game hand slap! are the niners your team?
Mary Doria Russell's A Thread of Grace - had to check out her others since Doc was so good.
Why doesn't anyone say spectacles anymore?
Lifes coming attraction gets me overexcited if I dont cut down on my imagination n shoemaking
< "SUPPOSE" to be making WENDY'S Chicken sandwiches...... HM let's SEE this.
what you shopping for? Clothes? lol
I've been there; so awkward! After ten minutes, I just started walking around saying the person's name. "Anna?" "Anna!?"
oh my god it's amazing, i love it hahah!
Yo you get those tracks.
lol you crack me up CONSTANTLY
Its Dylan's first time going to Disney. So I've planned everything out perfectly. :) <3
follow simply because 94000+ twitter addicts cant be wrong
That is cool, now we need an artificial general intelligence system that can produce intellectual products for the system owners
Every time I'm in NYC I secretly hope to catch the #cashcab. I'd probably be kicked out in a matter of minutes, but it would be worth it
Check out the newest edition to OKC Party Bus @ okcpartybus.com
Good stuff. Wish I could have made it.
that picture is so sick. it almost looks like a ufo over a forrest, with a nemo-fish swimming past it haha. very nice!
"Pursue your Gift & Not your Passion" (I don't expect many to catch on to that)
Spinach mushroom garlic tomato cheese omelette scramble, with strong, dark coffee. Nom.
chink is havin a
Nothing controversial. Just trying to make sure all children have the same access to tutorial services!
Im gonna try my best to start buying products made in America
Lunch after a long day at the beach!
ok, CALL ME
I'm going to be an emotional mess on Tuesday.
yall are so gay. Love it.
Good morning!
I would love to cook scrambled eggs in a cast iron pan coated w/ Teflon® nonstick!
Mine too! ": The fact that Hillary Clinton used 'LOLZ' just makes my day"
I'm listening to rise against and they're pretty good.
Partying All Night... Yeah Buddy(:
whole thing just really pisses me off...speeding recovery my friend
My head is absolutely throbbing.
“: Already went to Church this morning. Now on to Pete Miller's brunch for Mothers Day. #HappyMothersDay”
Did anyone participate in the "Join us on the Bridge" International Women's Day 100th Year celebration on Tuesday, March 8?
LOL RT I don't think wants to support the drift the #Celtics are doing in ATL.
Feeling SO blessed today! Let's all try and do something for someone today....be it friend, family, or total stranger, you might be...
Is anyone else seeing "unsyncable" files when trying to sync through #googledrive ? I'm on OS X 10.6
Wuz up twitter world? Make sho y'all stay tuned & follow for new music, video, concert dates, parties & everything else...
Someone just asked me what "DIY" means! Time to get out of the city for a while.
burning the living fuck out of your whole mouth <
Oh don't think I won't be keeping up with the 18 crew lol
The towel boy is outplaying Chris Bosh tonight.
Dan Marino was actually the best when he played and owns most of the NFL record book. Bron owns nothing.
Heaven help the fool who did her wrongg ♥
Today I wrote 3 interview TY notes, sent in 6 resumes, went 2 the gym, picked up house & watch my 2 yr old nephw. I call this day a success.
RED TAG SALE ENDS SUNDAY GET HERE ASAP... YOU DON'T TO MISS OUT!!!!
I feel like all the new shows and movies the little girl's name is Charlie..awkward moment when they still spell it like a boy -Charlee
do you work in the west coast?
was trying to persuade Mike P to follow me to take me to 100 followers, but you beat him to it :-)
Would love to chat. DM me?
im proud to be part of the #MahomieFamilyForever and everr ♥
"THIS is what I do!"
lmao nope I'm ready this time buddy! No suitcase just a backpack my good sir.
WAY TO GO! RT Great win by the Lady Pumas last night! Woot woot!!!
I bought some bacon from the Dupont market recently, and it was the BEST bacon ever.
Not one but both of us
wow! Gas is $4.49 a gallon! Is it possible to manage a sales route on a bicycle?
Got ticket to 2012 Black & White Diamond & Jeans party with the #TXMPA in Dallas. Come meet cast & crew and other celebrities.
Good morning, #SPARC2012!
Just crossed into Georgia and back into Eastern Standard Time. My watch is no longer fast and I no longer have to do the math. Yay!
yes! here's hoping :)
I need to hurry up and put it out there though before one of them steal it.
game was awesome yesterday
no problem :)
Great #emailmarketing and #socbiz #crosschannel segmentation starts with clearly defined data requirements and respecting your IT team.
Listening to next to you lovin it
Here's hoping you avoid the hypnotic orange glow of Jersey Shore wannabes and kiss someone with substance or that special someone tonight!
Mine. Mine mine.
God speed, Steve Jobs. You changed the world. What a ripoff to lose you so soon.
Sports Illustrated did a longitudinal study. 85% of football players are divorced or bankrupt within 5 years of leaving their Sport.
#follow the realist niggas in yo city.
USB vs. analog Turntable controversy? None for me. I use 'em both. I like to DJ w/rare sounds, but don't like my records getting stolen.
S/O to #supportindie!
Yes, definitely! Perhaps that's one reason why some (tchrs and sts) resist - fearful of that
But its a nice ass day in a NYC so I can't complain.
I don't use this twitter any more, but if you actually want to know what i'm doing, follow me thanks y'all
ill be there
"Quite Naturally You Belong To Me, Don't You Agree." Cee Lo Green, The Voice
dunno? Doggie biscuits i guess...
Polyphony is..an eclectic collection of prose and poetry. It's a Paris Review for the young. Daring. Provocative. Exhilarating. A.Kotlowitz
This cereal is hurting my jaw...😒
I MISS MY BOYFRIEND. even though ima see him after this class. I MISS HIM. (11/1/11.<3)
We would love to! Just sent you an email with details xo
How can you be insightful when you don't use your mind?
Exclusions to daytime #curfews do not prevent #CVPD from detaining and questioning innocent juveniles.
Indians up 4-1 after two!
havin a great day with my kid at d happiest place on earth! Disney world!!!
Thanks for the jazzy RT! How's your week goin'?
I know me too and if he asks what were doing we can be like "you know, vacation...in your room...with you.." casual vacay!
You can incorporate GeoRSS data into both WordPress and Drupal using plugins.
Come on, come on, don't leave me like this. I thought I had you figured out.
Keep the smile, leave the tear, think of joy, forget the fear… hold the laugh, leave the pain, be joyous, coz it’s New Years! HAPPY NEW YEAR
I know it was an exclusive pic:)
when is the next nuggets game foreal.???? i been out of the loop with work and all
I don't like to talk ish...but where the bummaclot they get these line-readers?
You Rock!! GIRLSTIMEOUTBLOG LOVES YOU!!! Awesome Interview on BET..
come down real quick
Mini me, you complete me.
just never forget me *hugs*
"Artisan" has lost its meaning now that it has been used by a national chain to describe pizza.
brb. fangirling hardcore. messaged me back and followed me on tumblr..
For some reason when im driving and i see someone walking i feel the need to rub it in their faces that they dont have a car
Do I have any fans of college basketball following me? Who is your favorite team?
Loving my Metropolitans for beating Yanks, Rutgers Football coming soon. Lets win the Big East before this Big 10 nonsense talk.
Only if we do Doris and Midge.
go on skype please
Had some aweosme #SmokeyBBQ and fun with friends!!
Love it when people come to the desk and they were already using MeSH, and I can tell them something to help them use MeSH even better!
yeah but I come with more barz check out our page on youtube DOEentTV
i wish i had my old life back . 11.11.11 </3
Would like to welcome Art Attacks' own to Twitter.
Can't wait to see #BlueLikeJazz this weekend! Who else is seeing it/has already seen it?
we called and it was no wait. We got here and it was 45. Put our names in and it's been 90. What gives?
Tonight will be a fitful, nightmarish sleep filled with visions of a torrent of three-pointers raining from the hand of
Strange, I just had a dream inside another dream
u better hurry up and get in the pool it's almost speedo season
Back in my college days we humanity majors would get together at the College Inn to discuss The Big Issues.
No space limits for your business - Google Places gives you exactly what you need.
I have stand alone Phillips that I "unlocked." On my computer, I either copy in DVDFab or Handbrake to play in VLC.
thanks man that means alot!
Someone from my office came to my gym this morning and he puked only 15 minutes in. And I thought I was taking easy on him!
<3 the Twittersphere! Awesome worlds. Multiple ways to connect. Art for all!
w00t, of course as soon as you update your profile, the spammers are gonna attack!! Hey, pdx barcamp, talk soon?
thanks again for helping to make the #BartDavenport episode of Parlour to Parlour happen!
It seriously kills me inside to know that will never notice me. I'll always just be another fan to him.
thanks bro I really appreciate that!
Following the Badger press corps, sounds like the WRs are killing Stave w/drops, like one every series.
yeah it prob is! I would've felt awkward, like the guy doing the piercing would be staring & everything haha.
Sip our special, the Luchador and enjoy our food specials!! Come on down! We're celebrating reality and fun!
To the test day from hell consisting of micro bio and physics finals, #cheers so long junior year
you've got my vote
Just thinking about how I'm terrified about turning into George Costanza. RT I relate so many moments in my day to Seinfeld.
RT Don't get it twisted a #Sagittarius woman is independent,but she still needs a strong man to anchor onto.
We have message boards? No wonder I don't know what's going on with TA most of the time, should do something about it.
haha! yeah, can't see a face behind that camera in avatar. but now, it's like duh?!
Wish I could, but I am to old to move to Mexico or Canada (unless you are talking about Play Money!) Your club page is ready.
Indeed. However, since i'd like to reproduce in the next 10 years, i think my window for that procedure has passed!
still waiting over here, Reggie "breakin" Wegs.
I no you wont see this! But me and my friend have been up all night its 00.30am waiting for u!Follow me and 5
Send us your wind & final day of classes alerts!
Not everybody looks good with long hair, Get over that craze.
#caps will have to dig deeper now than franchise history indicates they can
Visit WAMO100 site beginning Thursday for Drake "Club Paradise Tour" Pre-Sale Tickets! Get 'em before tixs go on sale to the public on Fri!
Seriously . Makes me wanna knock that nigga out .
... Lol!!! His trophy is prolly as big as his head :)
ESPN FRIDAY NIGHT FIGHTS BETTING ODDS with preview! www.boxingbettingnews.com
I can't wait!!!
give me $150 then yeah ill ask for the other. but i think its too late now but he will be mine or shit will go down
Im about to do it ;)
"Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much."--Helen Keller (ΦBK, Radcliffe College, 1904)
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting. -Napoleon Hill
Bored #AF in this class...
Wow, lots of anger at RI for not sending out tax forms. I've heard several anti-government diatribes today & I'm only halfway into my shift.
Glenn Beck Sucks!
Ooohhhhhhhhhh. I thought you just *really* didn't want tires for some reason. I have a convertible. Roof's busted. $1000 to fix.
jan Im going to miss you SO much..
Still aint came up with a baby name
I'm in DC about once a year. Will look you up when I'm out your way. Hope all is well!
Wish me luck, twitterverse. I'm off to teach poetry at a senior center, a cadre of frail elderly (official term). I usually work w/ kids!
No, I haven't heard anything. Sounds interesting, though...
iight. good look. I think he gon be up there coaching the 14s tomorrow tho
Always feels like a punch in the gut. God Bless them all!
How was your day?? :) Follow me! :)
Teaching to learn. What social media looks like in the classroom.Your thoughts in a direct message, please?
the new music sounds good my dude. We might have too do that collab in the near future. Get at me!! 100!!
I have now eaten Fiddleheads thanks to They were quite tasty!!
That's what Gomez Addams is, right?
Tune in to #Spin with Cyn tomorrow 10- noon, #Kfai! New Jack White and Diamond Rugs, Snow Patrol, , the Goondas, much more!
its better you keep your mouth closed && let ppl think your a fool instead of opening you mouth && proving them right
Wow, the Colorado Real Estate Journal www.crej.com has been hacked twice in two days. Time to change your passwords guys.
*points at you*
#ICantStandPeople who lie.
My dad just pissed me off.. he just made the craziest offer ever
wish i was off tomorrow too, i'd have an eight day vacation....but ill take today and then five straight off
Wait wait wait. People are roasting LeBron for setting up Wade for a LAYUP instead of shooting? Get the fuck out of here.
3 hours late but I would have been a winner
It's every day for us! RT : #expchat I'm still awestruck by the beaches I saw in Maui- black sand beach in Hana!
Okay #OneDirection I just heard you on the radio for the first time .. im feelin you. Next #NSync & #Backstreetboys craze?
Can't wait!
"When I go to a bar, I don't go looking for a girl who knows the capital of Maine."
Great news, Misty!
Nothing annoys me more than when I'm talking to someone about music and for some reason they think their opinion is as valid as mine
No sane person would disagree. RT politics as a whole just suck. Its time for something new...this way isn't working.
The was our 750th follower! Thank you!
FREE Friday Night Salsa at The Marquee Lounge inside AMC Main Street-1400 Main Beautiful Venue, Great Food and Drinks FREE, FREE, FREE, FREE
Baby monkey! Baby monkey! Ridin on a pig baby monkey!
I know...I just like to fuck with u when Ur goin off on bitch asses .. I wish I would have seen the you a bitch tweet first
Aw, man, you'll be further along than I am soon. Audiobook keeps me at a slow, steady pace.
Your connection is wonky
what's good, fam!
Not to impressed with first show hosts but it might get better
Celebrate what you want to see more of. - Thomas J. Peters
Thank you for the opportunity! It was a pleasure!
I think I turned her lesbo. #Winning. Lmaoo.
Cutting edge...web 2.0...mobile web...all myths and hype. Show me something that really matters to the brain
my body needs a massage. now.
That would be awesome!
What is the last time you received an ? How are they still around? What do they do that keeps them truckin' along?
I know man!! Got tied up with work, and I was outta the city!
More like Land O'Lakes! RT: : It amazing how inexpensive it is to eat yourself to death in America.
me too! Least there's someone else out there
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
My vehicle registration expired yesterday. I paid the fee, but no sticker without a smog check. Uh, I'm not in CA. Hope I don't get stopped.
Whats up new followers! go listen to our demos! We are taking pre-orders for our EP Now!!! :D.
i miss you cheeky face.
absolutely. Not sure how I could function without Dropbox. Please share a folder and then we can place assets there for you.
RULES! Thanks Chris & everyone at for the chance to win cool stuff
I understand the beauty of how ended The Magician King, but I want more for the hero's ending. Looking forward to book 3.
Did I really just get called an "angsty punk rock girl"
Barcelona got the best of me #takemebackplease best time in Europe so far!
Earphones in... volume up - world out.
I think escalade trucks are soo Damn ugly and tacky
i'm with you on LSU, but i don't have any compelling reason just a gut feeling.
Money may looking comfortable and scoring pts at will,,
i had no clue born this way was a year old, it honestly felt like 4-6 months
and yeah I had the og's. Love that kick.
Holler at from the #minneapolis & #midwest #edm #dance music scene!
I can't stand to watch those ASPCA commercials on tv. I start to cry and change the channel.
We got The Gold Trigon. We are so awesome.
RT : All gonzo fans: get your limited free Gonzo tee by adidas. Go to tennis plaza, 6112 south dixie highway
I live for
even better: they're in suits.
just read blog post, loving this!
Watching Dexter my favorite show of all time
Half of the world is compose of people who have something to say & can't, & the other half have nothing to say,but keep on talking.
Do you know how to get more clients for your business?
Meeting tonight...join us for the Blu Friend-Raiser @ 6pm then meeting at Pfister Hotel @ 7pm.
The Next Song Is As Hot As The Last!!
dude are you blogging tel aviv or taking pics for your site?
He'd prob get laid more if he was a secret service agent.
How long will Kemba Walker be able to carry his team?
I will definitely have to look into the usage rights to that image. I would love to have some to use as well.
me! It was awesome!
Passion trigger – You attract through emotion.
double down
Seester: "I have a confession, I'm addicted to tacos de carne asada."
have fun, alex!
Big congrats to for a stellar debut #F1 broadcast in Melbourne today. The 2011 Year in Review was outstanding as well.
good luck to you and Annie at the ping pong tournament tonight! Embrace your inner Limey.
I like to listen to Bob Marley when that happens.
I'm totally hitting an Meagan cause I'm a sex addict.... kyle hugan
you're welcome, yes that's me.haven't seen you since the last time at 106
when is your episode of punk'd going to be on t.v.?
I know but I live 3rd story apt and I'm by myself
#supertuesday this is cracking me up! I love election day!!
Thanks David!!!
Oh no! Just got out of the doctors office...dont think I can beat the traffic in time :( such a good idea too.
Following on twitter for 24 hours but it's like being polluted by the most irritating sponsored tweet. Ever. Unfollowed.
Whats up??” not much horny and u??
Its a pisces party. This friday at 8pm at The Proud One!!!!! Live entertainment!!
Thank you! It was app I mistakenly approved. I am now free of the X people have looked at your profile crap.
In case you were wondering where the 2011 Orioles were, I found them.
OMG I've just seen my first live three-nippled person! wow...
Orphan Elephants - Photo Gallery - Pictures, More From National Geographic Magazine: via
I must smoke to much, I thought it was still 420 !!! Oh shit wait a minute ,, That's everyday for me!! lmao
Rock on, you guys. You got any launches or events in the near future? Hope the site is coming along well. Top w/end to you!
The beeby bobby bird won't stop singing outside. He began at 4 am. It's now 5 am. He needs to know the time. Can't sleep. Oy.
Hey Drones: Sorry about all that spam if you got any from us, I hate that shit - Anyway password changed again and ready to rock AGAIN!
I'll make the money... you spend it, deal?
Nice tits! Did you buy them or did you're mama give em to ya?
No school, instead ill be in bed with a raging headache.
Grout should be cleaned regularly with warm, soapy water. Proper sealing is important, too, especially in high usage areas.
There is is not one place I go near Portland with out some one mentioning the #seadogs to me. I dig it.
I need a roommate for RIC
oh man I miss yous guys too. Unemployment is terrifyingly fun. Anything new at the Mudd?
Will not stand for "I told you so's" after a win tonight. Blazers are a wreck & in a much worse spot than the Knicks.
i have no regrets about decisions i made through high school,.all of them made m em better.
We need another TweetUp to come see that!
gonna be the best party EVER
Will you let me know if there's a way me and my cousin can score seats during previews? Break a leg tomorrow!
wanted you to be here for #MAY27th #PARTY BUT D TOLD ME Y'ALL FIXIN BE IN MIAMI
I've played over 100 hours in Skyrim so far, no sign of slowing down. Not so good? MW3 is what 8 hours max? Puuuuleeze! :)
Busted by the ranger for walking in the creek! Our tax dollars at work.
Working on guest lineup for my first show! More info to come!!
Congrats to Yuri and Toni!!!
Daily love advice*The toughest thing about being in a relationship is being in a relationship*
well, so much for that...maybe the second time around they'll crack him lol
Oh I guess when I see "vs." i think of an actual competition. They do delcare a winner, which I don't think is fair.
Currently following 555 Twitter accounts. Tempted to never follow anyone else ever to keep it that way.
McNeil: states waiver applications were very weak in how to increase rigor for ELL and SPED students
If the ship is rocking... RT : RT : 15% of newly married couples chose a #cruise as their primary honeymoon.
I love her!
todays tweets without verbs
no cleavage (although god knows there's plenty of that), just yellows, greys, whites.
Keeping it Reckless!
Kevin Gregg just said "even I couldn't do that"
what are you looking forward to as the weather gets warmer in #Texas?
Rebecca Black has been trending for like, 2 weeks. This has to be a Twitter world record or something...
Enjoying a day down in Chicago at #KBIS show getting inspired with new products for our projects
Let's keep the movement going for #trayvonmartin and everyone like him, love is greater than hate
I do! But I won't be upset if we lose
15 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
Let alone who was the Heat legends of the '90's when the Heat were 1 of the new expansion teams up & coming but not contenders.
I can't believe Ryan Hollins is playing right now
It bears explanation, too. RT : It bears repeating: social media is more tactical while social business is strategic
Everyone have a wonderful Labor Day weekend!
how bout those #Sixers?
Freddie Mac purchased $39.6 billion of mortgages from its seller/servicers in October
Effective Sunday evening: The Triskelion Society will be shut down.
Do ride out side only or do ya train in doors
Pre-Production Tracks with They sound fucking awesome. Look online tomorrow myspace.com/lightsofaberdeen
already gone. Sorry, you missed out by about two minutes.
Mcdonalds with my sister :D shesss buying.
On my way to Bible study!
Oh I'm so mad figured out my ex Cole was cheating on me wit a girl wit tha same first name
like forreal, betta get off my status for i go crazed
New membership program at Diversity and DT2 - $35 for 1 year membership - 10% off every visit to both stores!! Proceeds go to our programs!
"Never have more children than you have car windows"
Need a new case for my phone 😳
: its stopping
Sounds like you guys are really enjoying living in Vegas... Going to be visiting FL anytime soon?
Haven't pulled his full record yet.
Finding songs that show death is a positive thing and then relating them to a book sure is a hard thing!
Congrats Alex!
Oh, I know - I just figure w/all the injuries, you never know who is next. I'd be wary of the on-field instructionals.
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 73
THUNDER UP!
why is a complete viewing required to report a watch instant problem? seems this deters people from reporting problems.
as opposed to saving your best arm to face 6-7-8, or, worse, never get in because your not best arm blew it against 345 in 8th?
did they not inform you that sitting on the tar mat for an hour (+) is part of the new security procedures?
We're at the mid week checkpoint, how's your week going so far?
Trust me, love, the world can only handle one of you, even if you do need 12 more hours in the day and an extra set of eyes
White people call us Hispanics, we r not from Spain (Hispania), most of us are Native & African descendants. RT We?
Sister back in town, up to Jersey, drive home 2am, coffee, Tomahawk, Peeping Tom, FTM, thanks Mike Patton for keeping me up!
Thank you for following us! We are following you back so it is not blocked now. Thanks for making us an exception :)
I can't believe you went to dabs and didn't visit me
Fuck Kenny G.
Thx for the RT! Hope to see you at the event :)
with the all caps subject line to their release email this morning
Are you tired yet? We're kicking off our second week here at Drupa! Stop by Hall 15 Booth A03-5.
Sitting at West Baden Springs about to start the 2012 Sales Retreat!
I went my workout today.... it felt great - making a difference
Iced green tea with coconut is just the best thing ever! Why is no one tweeting about this?!?
His plan is almost irrelevant. Q is, how'd he enact Prop B if (when) it passes? That's the plan he'd be overseeing
is gonna get so famous like BAM!! All those haters can just sit back and cry(;
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Are your YouTube videos just commercials for your services, or do they really help people?
RPC ain't my first choice, but for cross-service chatter there's something to be said for the efficiencies.
You don't even understand how I feel!!
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Don't Be A Tittie!!!
go big, gl today!
Lot of unusual holidays for the 20th: National Nap Day, National Chess Day, Ice Cream Soda Day and Moon day (Lunar landing July 20, 1069).
Someone called 1 Direction pipped Someone Like You for single of the year Never heard tune but it MUST be f@#*in' AWESOME!
.. let me know if you have anymore questions!
Parents not allowing your teen to tan for prom? we want to talk to you.
Just had a long coversation with a friend who does realize 4/20 is Hitle's birthday and national weed day haha
bwahaha to the hip roll song?
What are those wonderful bells tolling in Minneapolis?
Congrats , you've won a copy of "The Quiet Voice of the Outer Banks" by Christaphora Robeers! Email me your address & I'll ship
I can't tell if that's sarcasm or not. I think that many people will have different opinions on that. :P
followed you on x factor. My best friend loves you. Please say hi to her. Her name is Laura
your not all there sometimes (x
Our research indicates that social support networks will play a significant positive role in the outcome of S:S&S EP.
where you traveling from? I'm with TMJ4..looking for unique brewer fan stories :)
Good call. Maybe I should do Rose and save whites for the summer edition. Hm....
coo....any large hotels within walking distance? or are there dorms on campus?
I don't really have many of those. I usually start over each year :l hah. Oh well
": I used to be a part of the NKOTB Fan Club #funfact" LMAO! First punky Brewster than NKONTB.
Good word! Thank you for your wisdom...and AW's :)
Tebowmania lasts for 6 more days. Gotta love
Bus internet sucks.....
I want to start the University of Louisville Big Brother program. Putting together current players w/ mentors!
You as well! #Cheers!
wow I didn't know he WAIS from Belgium !
careful man, she might unfollow you.
Hahaha RT : And then you'll start back at 1? RT : Must. Get. Brian. McKnight. Out of head!
I wanted to complain about stealing 's pic but realized it's the most adorable avi on Twitter so it's a win. Right?
Making love to my music...
Wouldn't that be a Hockey Rhetorical?
#AmericanHorrorStory - Wow! What a mind fuck!
Hey Longhorn Foundation donors! The 2012 priority deadline is TOMORROW! Get your donation in today!
ya and I was right every time lmao.
Crystal Palace's League Cup semifinal at Cardiff is this afternoon. We may still need extra subs if you're a recently retired international.
that sucks...u the cutie of strongisland
Thanks so much, Mike!!!
no problem, hope you enjoy!
"They deem me mad because I will not sell my days for gold; and I deem them mad because they think my days have a price." (c) Kahlil Gibran
what city are you in? low pressure warning could result in a blowout fairly soon
Oh let's see what fireworks go off tonight
You have candidates make issue of salary & benefits for mailers, but never reform it. Lets be serious & reform it now.
Being raised by a 'loving mom'
I can't wait to wake up for 3 straight mornings and head to for all day bluegrass jammin'.
just heard about ITIL from a Library IT guy last week! Haven't looked into it yet
I know its not popular but maybe Ned deserves credit for holding team together after 12 game streak with horrible start pitching
San Diego was awesome! Now spending a day in Laguna beach :)
A sign that summer is nearing its' end: All the business event invites for events starting in Sept. seemed to hit all this week.
arn't u kind to follow us. thx coming, but for now thx for helping us serve 900+. u fed most of them yourself & LIT up the room
UPS me a plate or two full of dirty rice & pasta
Took me 2 minutes in Bkyln 2meet eyes with someone who makes me wanna look up craiglisit's missed connections... Time for a location change?
you think having the 1/10th of 1% sales tax back is better for Milwaukee than having Miller Park and the Brewers?
#ogw City of Portland released iPhone app; had 4k downloads. Suddenly, city received 228 graffiti reports in 2 wks, up from 10. More work..
hmm...different things. methodology of "personal archivist" vs. archivist of ppapers...self-archiving...living archives. Many angles
If you had 3 wishes what would they be? :) #1DTOURUSA July 8, 2013 Section:103 Row: T Seat: 5
Morning ablutions, then breakfast goes in and a few thousand words come out.
I know it would be the only thing I would watch too... Right now I'm on a Misfits kick.
Turnt at level two....
Thank you for the RT...Have a great day! -Kevin
I'm sure someone's autocorrect just changed it to "Santorum Dripping Out Of Race"
I hate it when I can't stop thinking about that one person, and deep down inside I know they probably haven't thought about me once
Great time this weekend! Love VT. We'll be back.
Anyone out there have a paid LinkedIn subscription? What are your thoughts? Worth it?
so whats the deal with that "I need more mentions" video of you going around? Am I playing into your plan by sending this tweet?
Where theres people like u & me wanting to conserve our freedoms from gov intrusion theres a way to do it
Roll em up!!
Landmark Society tells of plans to launch grant, low-interest loan programs to assist w local preservation.
FOLLOW ME? BACK (:/?
anyone using mindomo and google apps integration?
hey i have been great hope u have been too>>>its been ages
Lovely. See you tonight!
Not a Morning Person.
You find the most interesting stuff!
Listening - Duane Tatro- Jazz for Moderns
Can't wait to see it! #wisn12 “: Our quickstep is so cute! You guys are gonna love it ;)) xox”
Hey guys... GUESS WHO? MWHAYAHAHAHAHFHFIWPDNCJDHFEJSIIW.
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo Jump out of good planes... wtf is wrong with you people?
shit about to head to fox and hound
Wtf, my phone doesn't charge!!!!!!
my dad was the first person i always went to with questions on anything from peanuts to piaget. my empathies go out to ya
Early morning at La Guardia, headed out to #chitown for the first time. Staying downtown, and need pizza recommendations. Suggestions?
I been good just got off work
This tyrannosaurus rex in Jurassic Park is not a happy camper right now!!!
I've been listening to the Black Keys when I'm hitting it. Who do you guys like to listen to when you work out?
Week 4 in the studio and we couldn't be more pleased with the album progress. It's close now...
Hoping everyone has a Fantastic Friday!
sadly yes, it's come down to extreme poverty again. But who will play the part of FDR?
Niggaz got nuthin else to do with their lives if they on twitter arguin with utha niggaz
Just got around to watching your mail vlog! Thanks so much for the distraction during finals week!
There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart. - Charles Dickens
RT : (1848) In Boston, Massachusetts, the first medical school for women, The Boston Female Medical School, opens.
Loving her performance of Sinkin' Soon at Abbey Road. This is one of my favorites from Norah!
No I think I'm gettin sick! Throat itchy, ear hurts, and body aches! I need Nyquil in my life!
Your welcome! Great article. Enjoy your evening!
Yeah and then Greyson and cody will show up (: ♥ And we can buy our cats on ebay and make them chunky
Ah!! So honored!!! “: I'm so in love with this song!! "You Get Me" #NowPlaying”
Remember: If used correctly, the Internet builds deeper, trust-based relationships.
shit. That totally blows! Twitter has problems sometimes too with uploading. How long ya been here?
wow. thanks. i have to put all the other stuff on there. yay.
spacious like whoa!
The bar just exploded.
I Will Jen
Come check out our trash art gallery in booth 36
Man I'm tripping........Well not tripping daydreaming ........
Wow! We're blushing. Thank you! RT : Thank u for all u do , u guy's are so Awesome, u Rock !!!!!!!!!!
Turkey run, Tesselations, Take a nap. Totally.
And just that quickly, we're resolved. Thanks again for everything. Will submit feedback (another one)-so grateful to the techs!
Have you RSVP'd yet? Hosted drinks, food, fashion show, DJ Jalil spinning ..... amazing! www.944.com/azzaria
#iPhone #4S Slowing iPhone Demand Hits Profit at AT T
LOL at the fact that was freaking out at the fact that i call my dad "old man"
In less than 36 hours, we're over 50% registration. You all are incredible.
Good work.
She wants you to just tell her how you feel because the way you act is confusing her.
john rodenburg made it to a couple final fours.. Cept when his team 'Cuse won it with Melo
Very true, yet I had to 'lose' at least the stiff sense of 'I' to know that to be so.
Pulling one of my three credit reports.
my son was very disapproving. But what do kids know?
we did it at OC, very successful and amazing to see how the relationships blossomed between many of the students.
my driver has been drinkin CaboWabo!!! no trips to Chi tonite!!!!
Come see me this Sunday. Let's talk about Internships# Gap Year Fair# Nobles and Greenough# Dedham MA, 1/23, 1-4pm.
Being a Mahomie just doesn't mean you stay with Austin, it means you support him through everything.
Happy Birthday wish you the bestt!
after 2:30 and it's dead quiet in here. i think there must be an ABC After School Special on
Nice! RT We don't know, what we don't know...but others might
There was a militia training camp during the #Warof1812 @ Malvern Hill. Famous before battle there in 1862.
Can't wait for tomorrow, lots of good thing are going to happen money, money, money
there would be a rebellion.
Thinking 2nd infusion is the sweet spot on this tea. Origin character comes along with wonderful honeyed spice notes
more scared of SF. Great defense, lots of pressure with 3man fronts. And an efficient, time managing offense. =Packer nightmare
tennis needs more personality..it is definitely boring to watch guys..and gals, with no emotion.
Glad you enjoyed yourself last night - we enjoyed having you! We'll have to double B&&C with again soon!
I keep catching myself saying, "This time last year..." But in three weeks, I'll be making another dream come true
RT : Ideas and resources are flying. So much energy.
no I'm mad at you
Stat boy lives in my building cc
i do NOT feel good.
Mark your calendars: February 12th, ReEntry Conference ; February 25th, last day for fall semester advising & ICA health forms
Im so fucking heartbroken right now
Maybe I'll do it with u.
"Is it true that cats always land on there feet?" "NO! That's just a rumor spread by dogs!" -puss in boots best movie ever
at least it'll be a good paycheck.
“Israel’s particularly attractive as a center of tech innovation, with world-class universities ...positive climate for econ. growth.’’ EMC
thanks for tweeting!
Its going to be another HOT week in Houston-- stop by our Bumper Boat pond to COOL off :)
Spongebob over everything. Really though.
Just bought wine and chocolate
makes sense...
Happy Friday everyone!
Checking email and messages from poolside cabana. LOVIN' the 21st century!
so. i think im getting another tatt next weekend. stay tuned.
no I didn't.it is.
Well Im off for the night.I'll talk to you later
#NowPlaying Faith by George Michael
every girl loves the sexy bodyguard
My mother decides to jump on me and we rolled off the bed. Nice.
Went straight from the airport to a huge breakfast at the Italian market in Philly then to Delaware for hard liquor. My family = awesome.
