I'll be working the ALA booth at TLA this morning!
-___- Ben does that too. I hate you both. lol.
She has no past She has the possibility to live her life over again
Haha basically what that translates to is "I like girls who are easy".
Finding notes all over my room from >>>😍😘
Have parade photos you would like to share? We love to see them here, and we are on Facebook too!
hey so you follow my sister. Would love if you could follow me too :)
"Destined, to see the illuminated, not the light." -Goethe, from Pandora
Watching Mr and Mrs smith.
#Question Who is your favorite Clipper?
Explore the riches within and you will never be without.
I hate missing school during SOL week. omfg
Pussy nigga, pussy nigga , why you cry so much?
Is Larry the Cable Guy still an actual cable guy?
Excited to catch jeffrey zeldman at 5.
YESS I agree. Lets go to bars where we can meet them :)
RT : Things are easier when your brand/product/idea play well in music scenes. Stay close to culture!
Yes!!! RT : Congratulations on the Grammy nomination! ("Best Pop Vocal Album" My World)
Childish Gambino and Death Cab tickets both go on sale Friday. Which of you are coming down to Tupelo on Saturday for Minerva?
Team may weather ####
you might've been raped.
I'll know the universe is on my side if mapquest sends them to London, KY instead.
Good morning! How is everyone? I'm getting as many free subs as I can before #SUBWAY's BOGO breakfast deal is over. How about you?
headin downtown with emily, alex, and jordan (:
PARTY TIP: save water, pee outside
RAP ALL NIGHT. ITS XMAS EVE. <3
love the tan lines nathalie... looking so good and yummy girl
Jagr forgets that this baseball season has a long way to go. Get another comment from him about Pujols in Septemner.
RT : Testing is good, but gut and decisions get the next iteration out.
he looks just like daddy ;)
Of course! I just DMd you, hoping we can meet up sometime. :)
I know you would, then her mom would yell at me
When a girl thinks of her future with her boyfriend, it's normal. But when a boy thinks of his future with his girlfriend, he's serious.
iknew abou tone direction &followed them the day iwas trying to find one republic on twitter ! LOL ,BUT ILOVED THEM SINCE THENN♥
Psalms 97:10 God loves all who hate evil, And those who love him he keeps safe, Snatches them from the grip of the wicked.
This might take a while.
I am going to check this out. I have been all about but the UI has changed a lot since I first started using it.
and never again and never again they gave us two shots to the back of the head
Massive Hangover today! I hate when I do that
#ItsCuteWhen you tell me you secretly kiss me goodnight
Country music always puts me in a better mood!
morning all hope you all had a good time last night
Bus comes late so I leave to go get some McDonald's 😒😁
Looking for cash to manage your company? Look no further than factoring your accounts receivables!
I call everyone kid...#getoverit :)
I met alot of Scandolous Bitches.....IM PROUD TO SAY YOU DIFFERENT
she's jealous shes banned from our BBQ
#CalebHanie completes another pass to the #Raiders. His girlfriend is at the game. She's the beautiful woman w/ the Gucci bag over her head.
you ain't gotta tell me!
well Congrats!! You deserve it!!
Woodson bad coaching decision leaving Novak on the bench. Fuck are you thinking?
Best one in forever, 
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson via RT
RT : 5th Annual "Great Chili Cook-off" is this Friday! Open to the public from noon to 1:30pm. $2 fills your bowl!
Just in case you forgot you're a mom and carried a baby nine never ending months. Happy Mother's Day!
FTC Files a Notice of Appeal against a Recent Ruling in Favour of Garden of Life
thinking of my many friends in Tokyo....
Oh same! Are you presenting?
It's not about being armed, it's about lethal threat they pose. Chuck Norris doesn't need a weapon.
If the bat used is like those big plastic toy bat I'm thinking of... won't hurt a thing and prolly creates more noise.
I love you <3
I might be busy...getting sick... calling in on July 3rd.
Today in 1986, Al Green's first album for A&M Records, 'Going Away,' marks his reunion with longtime producer Willie Mitchell.
done with my work for today.... about to start on my work for monday..
lmfaoooooo we were dying for like 5 minutes and omg the raps ...
Ironically I've been scared to bring my iPod. boarding I think my poor little brain might overload.
_: The bad thing about life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it.
It's better to have love and lost, then to have to live with a psycho for the rest of your life.....
Celeb facts USA: Most popular models this month are Brooklyn Decker, Kate Moss & Rebecca Romijn.
no. Got 'em at the j.o.b. cause we overslept.
cool stickers!!
I get to sit right near the Orchestra :3
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree
i changed my username i am not any more i am
que paso?
At this point in my day I'm not sure which I need more. Some of this homemade Prozac or a shot of whiskey.
No one will tweet, I go!
long story imma tell you
HAPPY HOUR! $3 rails, $3 house wines, $3 draught beers. Cozy on up next to our firebrick oven before the snow starts!
a beautiful quote!
that's why god make scrolling so easy!
Go Bears, go Blackhawks... make this s good Sunday...
When Ian Lee wears a dress and dances the tango with Chris in class.
A perfect morning will be a day when no children need a place like That would mean the End of #ChildSexualAbuse! Tweet On!
best of luck to all the former members of VIVERA! sucks to see you doods part ways. thanks for all the rad times! :) see you soon!
Two new tracks to be released after this Fridays show. It's our last one for a very very long time.
Momma surprised me with a ton of paint stuff, yayaya love ya.
A nice piece, congratulations!
Stopped focusing for a measly second and stopped strait into a puddle the size of landen lake
I'm damn near offended in how much of a diehard fan I've been of , promoting his music & ish, but still no follow back :(
Great to hear such positive feedback.We look forward to your return.
lucky!!! My bucket list is full of meeting rockstars. Lol
As a packer fan, I hope more Republicans like can talk some sense into other legislators who are opposed to the Vikes stadium
I couldn't get in his apartments. You could've told me something. You could've texted me.
s/o for the features
Home! I sure will miss
Too fucking raw. Face down ass up.
omg Anna. Hahahahahahahaha. That's nasty!
I get to see u in 80 days ! I'm super excited :) can't wait to see u in Indy ;)
was that to me? lol.
dont make me...
thats serious... i need that in my life
Based loaded for #Orioles with Betemit down 1-2 in the count. One out.
-Lazy Kids?? Kids do not get everything they want in the world. Why don't parents see the importance of this? Too bad, read it.
Assumptions: people want access, people have tech to access, patrons will abide by lending policy
#cards up 12-1 in the 8th if they are going to go to the bullpen they better score all they can
please follow me♡♡ I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :'( 92
most people can't speak on the subject like last night, but on thing that fa sure. Convo was Real!
In the shadow of your wings I will take refuge, until the destroying storms pass by. Ps. 57
please email w/3 topics and I will pick 1. 650-1200 words.
MAD UNHAPPY. Why the hell does America need to remake 'Death at a Funeral'? Respect for Chris Rock has just gone down.
Great event tonight with ! Thanks so much to the panelists and the amazing e-board for putting it together!
really. Interesting
man o man i love #CommercialFreeHOT let me get a song on for ya!! 877-999-1015 -
“: At home Exercising say wat ikno RIGHT!!!!! me exercising!!!! Ohhhhyeahhhbabby ”
omg i forgot Gotye is on ! lol Reminder :)
FEEL IT
Always great singing in grand ballroom at the Palmer House in Chicago...Tuesday at the Allerton for another private event. Life is good!
yeeehaw! Let's kill some zombies. Leggo!
I love when people take my phone ;)
Sorry to hear that and hope you are feeling better! Mark Jan 15 on calendar for Twineup !
I sure hope so. I will b ready whenever I'm called upon
Turned out to be a modem issue. I'm glad I had a spare on the shelf.
Happy bday Mikey and me and my mom make this the best day ever
The sky is crazy
We have a goal to sell at least 24 Kringle before 6pm today - proceeds benefit at Southridge Mall!
Embiggen is a perfectly cromulent word
I did not.
My grandfather passed away this morning. He will be missed. He was the kindest man & best story teller I ever knew.
Hi Barry, I'd like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you provide the best customer service possible. Follow 2 DM?
are a proud assertion that a ray of beauty outvalues all the utilities of the world
Mangled presidential slogans: Speak softly and carry a chicken in every pot
Let's make HUMP DAY a lil' sweeter ;) 15% off reg. priced items. Today only. Open 2-9pm. Happy shopping!
I am a leader not a follower! How about that
[Insert new complaint here]
I hear now my dude this was nice!! Keep 'em coming!!
Speak for yourself. I always keep a clean room...
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot.
Seriously. Scale it back, Fox. We're all hooked. RT : Finished stitching all the Prometheus trailers together. Film was great!
Buffy AND Logan? I'm in.
So upset they're closing the Abercrombie in the village and I missed the get rid of everything sale
Strangers can become bestfriends just as easy as bestfriends can become strangers.
Just heard former SRC member Johnny Irizarry speak openly about his 2.5 year experience on the SRC. Amazing discussion.
You've never had French food?!
You make all the confusion go away...
LOL at least your not writing about nutrition :)
#AskBrody would you rather be a pro golfer or famous singer? :))
Posted details about guest bloggers. successfulblogging.com Looks like a great day!
Who remembers Chris Bosh in Jurassic Park? He messed Newman up pretty bad in that jeep.
water brewery in grafton
So cute! we are #designnerds too :)
they need to be like you and
Became an Anonymous Source Handler in the Journalism career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
Loop walk anyone?
Being forced to watch Rocky. I will get my revenge someday.
Jake is almost at 1.000.000 followers. I'm proud of my baby.
School. That is the LAST place I want to be.
I asked amber and dad they said no
Happy birthday to my perfect girlfriend. :)
Ah you missed those, ill keep u posted soon
Sow your wild oats on Saturday night; then on Sunday, pray for crop failure.
Pretty sure my work computer has less RAM than my iPhone.
what r u talking about.. it came out like a month ago!!! sass!!!!
dude i'm in LOVE with a bulldog on there... we're gonna get one in the spring... sigh...
Thanks, man. Happy Friday!
Thanks, Del Marie! We'll keep you posted for sure
Sweet. I hope we get to play together some time!
2/23/1773-> G Simpson:These Negros had better be valued by the same Appraisers; the Cost of them is nothing to the purpose as I bought them
Don't go into battle today without your sword!
Happy Easter twitter people, enjoy have a great day with family and friends.
Way further,,,, but uh...HOW BOUT THEM DAMN LAKERS!!!!!
55 degrees again tomorrow; break out 'Kings of the Weekend' by Bad Sports. The record doesn't play cold temps...I've tried.
Hee hee. ": Those celebrating Earth Day should know the earth is celebrating People Era. That celebration is almost over."
Smh the fact that people can talk about someone's religion is beneath me, this world is a crazy place.
Guys need a bullet proof vest to hit on you. -Sean Thompson
Interested in the virgin remy, whats the ticket?
Damn I wished Snoop Dogg would have kept rapping like he did when he first came out instead of going commercial! Doggystyle was Vicious!!!
Never on this. Maybe ill start doing this more, idk. Goodnight.
Sometimes you've gotta put it on ice...
Q: " McRib; BK Sliders #whichismore #greasy #fancy" A: I don't understand the question. What are these?
Let's get our engines in gear for Webcasting from Boneshakers for Indie River Radio's Official Launch Party on Fri and Sat from Studio 13!!!
You're welcome.
”The body says what words cannot.” -Martha Graham
where in the world are you?? Haha
If you want an answer start by asking a question. It doesn't even have to be a good question.
When I run for too long my face turns green; my hands, feet, knees, ears, and nose turn blue; and the rest of me turns red.
Crying my eyes out with my spaghetti and scalloped potatoes in the dark. Here's to hoping New Girl makes me feel better.
#shedidntcallbecause When you text her you say boring things like "Hey" or "Whatsup"
TV On the Radio @ Radio City Music Hall. Classy joint for a rock show!
I figured it out first! lol : Breaking news Kerry Wood will retire today !
How sweet it is to be loved by you.
Knew you would. :D
looking forward to having you join us on Saturday at the
follow me i follow you love ya <333333333
west mid in the am?
Major league 2
damn good question
Thank You GOD 4 Lettin Me See Anotha Light Of Day..
Road closures in Fells Point begin at 5pm Sunday. No thru traffic from Caroline to Wolfe Streets & Aliceanna St to waterfront.
Confirmation practice☀
you're welcome!
& always been dem niggaz. Shout out to my big brothers man.
"someone said they saw you pick your boogers on the bus!" oh the things I hear little kids say...
hey Ryan, let's go workout and then go to eat together like the champs we are?! 💪💪💪💪
contact my A&R AT THE FOLLOWING kind lady 713-855-4431
throwing up outside of kenwood mall on black friday didn't just happen.
where's the love? Lol
whats good my dude?
Haven't said anything stupid again, thankfully. Just inspired by conversation with coworkers.
It was great to see and on #DWTS!
Seriously, thinking about deleting my FB account. I don't even get on as much...
Am I a bad person for thinking it's too bad Davy Jones didn't die at sea so then people could say he's in his locker
haha thanks AJ! See u in a bit! :P
lol I was just wondering if I should post a few of u LMAO
so many leftover cookies!!! lol! I need a treadmill - that's gonna be my next purchase! :)
FML.. Like seriously!.
We are still here!!
you blocked me bro?? ):
glad to hear it! Keep your eyes peeled for our next twitter contest!
I was born in new York and I'm 12
12 "Marketing Super Powers" #12 The Power of Priority - your Highest Priority should equal the Greatest Achievement...period.
I'm gonna try that.....
Just finished reading #Delirium by ! Why didn't I finding this earlier?!?!
yes the class has been great. 9 and 11? Sounds like a white flag may be in order
man...lol...long story saddly it ended
- enjoyed your presentation this am - wish districts were more open to it!
Kill Em With Kindness.
Starship doesn't even smell like hiphop. I don't know who she is...Kim? Gaga? Satan? Just go away!
Met Diane VanDerbeek from Yacht Olympus and was very inspired by her story because all Women ARE Powerful. http:www.WomenArePowerful.com
Beyondthescoreboard.net so when u think about micheal Jordan Larry bird migic Johnson Tim Tebow Tom Brady Aaron Rodgers it's will
The Descendants >>>
momm & best friend day 💗
Dear Billy Belichick, I know you love trading down, buy please consider moving up this year and snagging Justin Blackmon at 4. Please
your Kate is brilliant mohr please
bored in lunch hby ?
LET'S HOPE FOR A REPEAT OF 1999! Get out your #nike sports bras!
Tacobell i think yes!!
Ok, MTV is officially a disgrace. The man who BUILT THEIR NETWORK has died unexpectedly... and they're showing Futurama reruns. Sickening
had fun at the critics choice awards red carpet was very nice
wth ashley want ?
Attention nerds : stop what you're doing and see Cabin In The Woods. It is our mind's duty.
sorry didnt get word we.are starting.trivia at 630pm now....to make up 4 it tell me nxt time in and i got $20.gift for.u
I'm so excited my AT&T magazine just got delivered!
#TeamFred RT : Have a safe & fun #Little500. Tweet us your favorite party animal for a chance to win 2 tickets to the race!
Pattie is our queen... She raised put idol... All by herself... She's strong. We love u pattie. <3
in New Jersey
awesome! I can't wait for the ball cap to be back on the stage to shut up the haters!
Good luck this wknd! Can't wait for the first race RT : SCCA PDX at Summit Point this weekend! First time in the car in 2012
I just feel like I can't do it
Sing something from Camp Rock PLEASE !! #NickJChat 0
The Beatles on iTunes? I've been pirating/ripping them for years. Come on Apple, give me something new here.
#glee has inspired me to rewatch #westsidestory for the bajillionth time
Front of stage , left, for will hoge, black hoodie, back pack and dumb gold shades..I gots more tix
God cares about us more than you'll ever know. He knows each of our needs & desires before we can even tell Him about them.
We love you guys!
So is bookending this trip with another great flight experience: 3 hours on plane at gate so far. Worried dog can't hold it till SEA
You know it’s going to be a great story when it starts off with, “So this B!TCH”
Thank you, ! You ROCK!!
Figured out the Intro to our EP last night. Let's just say, it's something none of us have -ever- heard done before...
HELP SUPPORT OUR MUSIC PLEASE LIKE OUR PAGE PLEASE FOLLOW US ON TWITTER THANK YOU ALL ND WE LOVE YALL!
learning abt google refine on a coffee break webinar
CAMS... If you like money.... SLAP THAT ASK!!!
ssh -o UserKnownHostsFile=/dev/null -o StrictHostKeyChecking=no user@*.local
5000 Tweets! Dang I talk a lot lol!
I hope so! Seems like forever since I've done that.
Split lanes...
I am getting off going to work on some music while I'm in Lunch but I am going to be on when I get home so hmu with the #'s :)
Can we get a picture of Gronk jersey turnpiking on the cover of #Madden13 ?
I just *heart* little nuggets of info like the sex and the city tweet this morning #glam Thanks for that!!
When in Abq make sure to go to Twisters. It's where they film the Pollos Hermanos restaurant stuff and they have awesome burritos.
School tomorrow :( the worst end to the perfect weekend
Yes! Go pack!
im sorry :/ you deserve to meet them SO much. more than a lot of people..
Ever been booked on a gig and happy for work, but sad you were missing a really fun life memory??
Anyone else having trouble accessing #gmail and #googlecalendar? Not a great way to start a busy Monday morning!!!!
Lol my phone is in my car. Im at school 20 minutes away smh
nah... just makes me realize how pretty and popular I am.
I feel bad for all of these singers and performers who make it because soon all that will be left to do are reality talent shows.
The disconnect between geeks & non-geeks leads to a cycle of dysfunction.
i just told my sister i got a tattoo.
I'm thinking about movin to San Diego. Is that a good area?
Well done!
"The art graphics are nice."
thanks for a-followin'
Thanks Hugh!
I think they are such a great couple..
Would you take midnight classes? Could they be right for UNLV?
wait, the pianos are an internet thing too? i had no idea!
I'm on a private tour of the #HDmuseum with and many others.
To all christians all over the world. We must embrace of salvation with enthusiasm and excitement everyday to win to lost souls.
im quite excited now i just don't know how to have my hair :/
I ate some of it by mistake. It is made of rubber. And. It tastes like it!
Take me a quick nap then ill be refreshed
Aw man i'm dragging today.. A long weekend didn't hit me till today.
Awk moment when i forget how to.swallow my.spit
thanks... will let you know if any new follows result!
hey you were in my dream the other night. you lived in this big house, very nicely furnished and i was there looking for money
My favorite, my favorite girl<33
Head to Barneys this wk-Bring in a gently used pair of jeans to donate to charity, score 20% off a pair of full-priced jeans.
the hippo never been tapped. U could change that? Lol
Wish I was still on the payroll too..
im going to cuddle you so hard
lol! I thought they had lost their minds for a second! Where are you playing and when?
Happy new year my lovely friends!! :) xx
Hope everyone is enjoying their rainy Saturday in
. Best #DCsports week ever.
It's Trivia Tuesday! Where was the world's first paper money used (what country) & in what century??
Nice. Maybe Dale can buy another suit now?
u are too easy for a behaviorist ;)
in both timelines she dies by Walter's hand! Coincidence?
my favorite romantic movie is the vow
why do i live in the one place in america where you can't find any cookies!
You know you eat at Jimmy Johns too much when the staff knows exactly what you want.
save me a dance at prom? lol :)
No difference in a Golden Calf & and a Golden Apple. Steve Jobs has done a job on America. We have uploaded individuality, downloaded zilch.
Did anyone expect anything less for a congressman named Weiner to send young girls anything but his wiener
im finna come mess wit u at work
Hee hee. Bc you haven't advertised on the HOCO board. Why isn't following you?
If you are impatient, sit down quietly and commune with Job..
I'm glad u didn't. People are so judgemental these days. Responses would be crazy
Came home this morning & found out leaves dog movies on for Lionel when she leaves for work. Hysterical.
Downloading the app and getting ready for the show. Just two weeks out.
been like that me since I was little went to the ER twice for a shot lol bad thing apples isn't the only fruit:(
I'm sad about Petrino. I'm disappointed because he was a class act at Auburn. I know his whole family & I coached one of his daughters.
Thanks!! I checked out your blog yesterday...awesome! The recipes look great...I'll def have to try the granola bars.
CLASSIC lol ": Lmao @ the BITTER #Knicks fans taking their frustrations out on JR....remember when you called us bitter
I'll be trying to blog 2 - 3 x a week, check back often for updates! www.losangelesvoicetherapy
Really? How could you not love that?
Looks good on my radio :)
Working sun ra and terry riley references into this generative-music / interactive-surface / wireless-game-cube thing we're working on.
so meta? This must have something to do with
Clementine will be selling food before the Hopkins Stoop on Fri, so you don't have to hear stories on a empty belly!
The Show Girl Gourmet All Beef Hot Dog w/Strawberry & Black Pepper Relish. $3 YUM
how often do you practice speaking English?
Studies have indicated that the consumption of coffee lowers the risk of certain diseases but might have negative effects as well.
Q2 #ITChat What technology do you need to succeed globally? Define success how you see fit. | via
I know you dont want to talk about this but that gurl is a mental liar looking for $. Us beliebers belive you no matter what.
A Good one!
C R E A M _ S T E R E O _ L O U N G E ... TONIGHT 9pm-2am ... Come have a drink with me 602.348.1722 Ryan OWNER of AZ PartyLife Productions
I'm at Le Cirque in NYC for a special dinner. This is probably like a normal Tuesday night for
yeah right
Um we broke a thousand !!!!
Am I Matt Walsh? NO. I have never hosted Americas Most Wanted or played with the Eagles!
D-List supports Pasch!
im playing this game in my mind where i pretend certain people don't exist. it's brilliant. and makes me hate them less :)
Congratulations to Julia for winning the VIP entry at Performance Outfitters last weekend!
#sundayfunday with and blakey who should get a twitter!!
unfortunately no. how's the fest overall?
text me back! :) please!
“: lmao and we both know how that ended lmao dudes boots in the sky!!!”he was really vertical upside down
...Your brother?
OH SHIT WOAH RT Welp, people who wanted to see Nymphadora Tonks naked are getting their wish tonight.
Imma be busy this whole weekend -___-
omg Shannon it's a Tuesday night....
Be lookin fly
deadMau5 n00bs have swarmed the twitter.
i do
At least we made it. What about the Leafs fans and Montreal, Buffalo and all the west teams. What if that was us?
first week is the hardest. Get in a routine you will be fine
no problem lil momma
Let me know what you find out Miss Florida!
Andy Shehata was here.
At the risk of being redundant, Lindsay Lohan is nearly unrecognizable and that makes me sad.
wow talk about publicity! You made 's website!
guess they are paying attention... watching... my life is a film...
Lmfao i was WEAK! -_- where tf are his parents at?
what are your measurement? DM me.
Research Project..
Brent is cool. But Kozel? Yeah i guess
I'm so happy lol i don't even know why after I just felt the AP test xD #Don'tEvenMatter >:D!
and that's why he's the man
Welcome to SF! We're also in Mint Plaza! I'm OOF next week, but you should go say hello to other Zaarly folk like
y'all should head over to Second Fiddle tonight, by far best band on broadway I think you'll love them!!
Yes, every subway ride feels like a poorly written prologue. Love it.
Theatre office, not dependable at all -_-
So you can whip out in front of me but then you go 5 under the speed limit.
Been a week now in vegas with some the the finest restaurants in the world and all I crave are Dragon Wings. Y'all so lucky in Roch.
Omg seriously screw my teachers where is #summer ?
yikes!! I'll keep my 70 degrees :)
Hey there!! Glad to see you here! RT : Evening Gents!!
What does Just Desserts mean to you?
Yup, I'm Kaylin, but I think you would know my name by now lol
Virtue is persecuted more by the wicked than it is loved by the good. - Buddha
FOLLOW me justin! my idol forever!! i wonna be like u..yes im boy
I woke up in Sleepy Hollow
Thanks Jason! Great seeing you today!
Jim Neal: we need to massively redeploy library spaces for acad collaboration
Directed them to 2nd place and kept Teo from going absolutely insane.
Sometimes it's nobody's fault... people just grow apart.
Alrighty! Hold on one sec! :) x
Without #LPC24 I wouldn't have met my wonderful linesister and many other amazing women!
absolutely. Keep me posted?
"What's your favorite sport?" "Surfing.....the internet"
I think the cat is in love with the dog. She's been kissing him for the last 15 minutes while he is passed out
Haters will talk shit but wanna be where I sit, so lames can envy because I am the top bitch.
#fitness kickstart your metabolism in the AM with a cold glass of water, juice or milk and some fresh fruit.
Get a FREE medium drink if U mention Twitter w/any breakfast or lunch purchase!
Wil Wheaton. RT : The LA Kings are going to win the Stanley Cup. And no one will care.
LOVE that song.
kickin it wit after work
Christmas, children, is not a date. It is a state of mind. ~ Mary Ellen Chase
So glad the boys have found a pet substitute...their baby brother. Both proclaimed proudly "James can fetch!"
The mash-up photo freaks me out. At first glance, looks like the girl from The Ring. <shudder>
wouldn't it be to big to fit on your tv screen??! Lol #messedup only you'd know Tori
: Sorry, we don't have wireless. Why not just call it an early day from work? ;-)
Gorgeous sunset in KC
Headed to Dallas forsure
And of course there's a lot of stammering going on. If this were a movie, I'd imagine that Ana would have gnawed her lower lip off by now.
Are there any Reality TV Producers out there? If so, we'd like to hear from you - please visit Talkbiznow.com, and look me up.
James McAvoy is sexy even when posing with a pig's head.
If they slip let em ain't no point in catching, what can't stay up.
On my way to Resistencia Book Store.
tea-flavored jolly ranchers
Hi ! Thank you for following.
There's always time to go fishing !
I DO NOT like timeline on FB... Ugh, I also DIDN'T ask for them to change it without my permission!
Session 2b: Old New Orleans
we two shall never share another breath. my world has faded. this longing it's an unrelenting torture. oh mercy, take me now to my beloved.
Awee thank u love!!:)
didnt dawn and charles have two crystals? the first one they drained, then the one from fayes granddad???
Hey there, (KayleneWRyken), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
I just signed a petition urging to stop violence against women and repeal Article 475
They have wrong data on there salary those numbers are totally wrong
Ahh foot cramps
#tostitos - I think I am in love - Artisan recipes : Roasted Garlic and Black Bean
Right.. So I have 30 assignments do in 2 days...
never give up on ya dreams!
haha, What's up?(:
OH a pregnant friend say, "Rainbow and glitter are our baby shower colors."
“Meditate. Live purely. Be quiet. Do your work with mastery. Like the moon, come out from behind the clouds! Shine” ~Buddha
Photoshop vs. Lightroom, which would you pick?
I haven't gotten any word back yet, but hopefully streit perham. You?
hahahaa. I hope don't forget that. :P yeaa, obviously I will do :)
RT : GTac's pullout confirms that it was never interested in responsible mining....
see you at the window..kiss your lead goodbye sta boi..
Am on JFK-SLC. Paid 4 gogo inflight. Enough bandwidth to get on Twitter,not enough bandwidth for anything else :-( Not what I wanted
im seriouse!! i look REALLY bad today :(
My name is Ricky Minaj, I'm a professional fishermen and I only catch Super Bass.
Sun + pool + toddler birthday party > me
Never mentioned hard work & Blood sweat, needed for Re-Imagining 21st century K12 education, MBA,PHD s not listening!
There's the author talking here now. And of course you should come and eat some chocolate. :)
woah. That's awesome!!!
liking the avatar
your kneecaps
EVERYONE I GOT HACKED SO FOLLOW ME!!! ITS MY NEW ACCOUNT
Cummings bill also expands range of penalties for Hatch Act violations & treats DC employees as state & local employees rather than fed
Sounds like me a few years ago lol. We will discuss this week.
"Almost always, the creative dedicated minority has made the world better."
#FF Thanks for all your support of us and our inspiring challenged athletes
Did you hear about my Prez? He will be running through Folsom today during his #24HourRun for
I love
you set a goal and try and be active to reach that goal. It's a great watch if nothing else.
we can work it out email
Gallup poll: 60% of voters say Pres. Obama’s support for same-sex marriage will make no difference to their vote
and they're posh. fancypants.
Why yes I would. Email me.
This class eats but(:
I have my moments :)
are you watching these GD nuggets?!?! WTF is going on! Westbrook and durrant are very very cocky!
Andy will be fine in 7, but so will that other guy on the Rangers. If pitch count is crazy we need CC esp against Hamilton
it looks amazing. Hope your enjoying the bday celebrations!
Thanks Ellen!! Great to meet you!
i want waffles....with maple flavored bacon
she ain't messin with you though!
RT : I'm just saying Precinct 19 located at Dunbar Senior High has an awesome set of election judges!!
yeah the smart tall one lol
Author of Sleeping With Your Smartphone says "unplugging" takes a team, not a village. Story coming soon!
Dear Everyone: For really, no, but, for honestly, if I don't get to Comic-Con next year, I will fire mutant powers all over everyone's face.
": lol, sorry I don't speak nigger. #dumbbitch" see racism still alive
Fresh Beat Band makes me want to gouge me eyeballs out, but listening to my little girl sing "We Had A Great Day" is joyous
Visit Booth 1017 for a chance to win Amazon's best-selling tablet, the Kindle Fire!
“: 86 bands will compete around the world, one band will win. Will it be us? ”
Having a drink with a good friend at Plaza Garcia. Incredible restaurant in Woodinville. Stop by sometime!
if you're seriously getting pissed because voices his opinions, then you are legitimately an idiot. Athletes have rights too
Things You Shouldn't Say on #Facebook #46: "My son Terry made parole!!!"
The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people
Hey girl. Why don't we turn that golden arch into a ring that I slip onto your finger.
It should be LIVE
What's your favorite Halloween treat?
Great to know that!
This chick is sexy... Like DAMN
The rest of the week and the three days of school next week better go by a little faster.
Adding a lens flare. Nobody panic—I'm a professional!
"Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life."
Ill bet EVERY DOLLAR to my name a nigga wouldn't give 3 fucks bout my stretch marks when I show up Butt Booty Meat nekkid wit a Yoga Ball
You bet! stop by and we will show you the EZ play method
ever get back to Madison?
Well the Christmas season is here and it's time to start planning for Easter. ;^)
To get to the top actually you must first get to the top mentally.
There are very few things in a household that can't be reasonably mended via a roll of duct tape, a bouquet of tulips, or bottle of whiskey.
I understand I do think it would be fun as first timers w/ park-a-day! Hope you consider joining me =)
way past Milbury's bedtime
O shit I didn't know it was so late
Yeah baby!!! Let's do this!!!
Oh I've been bewitched by RA for a while, it just intensified lately since Spooks ;-D
Speaking at EPPS b'fast this AM. Anyone planning on attending? Might hit Griddle for pancakes immediately prior.
/ or we good freaky b?
This rain demands daydreams of a summer day not too far away that will be spent drinking gin gimlets on a sun-soaked porch.
People are super annoying when you're about to poop your pants.
it was ALL
Follow me on Twitter
Linda Ketchum raises the CCAP discrimination issue.
You dont give head .....wait.... ▌▌PAUSE
I know we've all been out protesting for days and sleeping on the floors, but seriously guys, time to hit the showers!!!
George Karl Looks Sick
great point!!!
Run like the wind! Best wishes for a successful marathon and a happy knees!!! :D
sunday fundayyyy bring on the bink
Good Morrow To You Mizz Lady Blue & No Problem Good Day To You.. And Cheer On Our Glorious
Just arrived at the #gwgala. Come visit the table
Yay! Are you going to visit Lambeau? How long are you staying? I'm sure your sister is excited!
Would have been there sooner if not for SONY's uncanny ability to bake BlueScreens into their laptops.
stay tuned to our newsletters for our expansion news. we're constantly growing and crossing our fingers with you. =D
keylessmusic.com is up and running
well, right now im in a combination dust/snow storm in the desert between albuquerque and phoenix. So yeah
i thought i heard on stephen colbert's show that it's actually 4 parts. whatevzz i'll go look it up
If I seen #oomf, I'd be in a much better mood..
you is smart. you is kind. you is important.
has a paid internship avail for business, marketing, social media & event planning.
Hope you know how much of a bitch you are.
I'm using LexisNexis Academic > US Legal > Tax Law. Though I've seen this behavior in other sections of the database. Cont....
Anyone looking for a great rate at a fabulous hotel that overlooks the Space Needle in Seattle, hit up he'll give you VIP trtmt
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at PEPPER SOCIAL GRILL & LOUNGE
I don't think I've ever been so excited for UCLA vs. Rice or UMASS vs. UCONN...
1/2 off bottles of wine today!!
Just did my laundry..Out of clean underwear...Thats not good...
young kid kudi :) I see u
From now on, I'm going to call tree operations like that "Sophie's Choice" methods and ruin everyone's day.
try to get a job there !
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL MY LITTLE MOBSTERS
He has tips hat RT : Big Sean been goin lately
Ride your bike to avoid the gas prices!
Just saw an email address that was "".
$5 Greek Cheeseburgers...SERIOUSLY, how good does that sound right now??
Blood Red Wine from Slayer (Wine Spectator) Plus, a Eurythmics-Mollydooker collaboration, House Band eco-packaged wine for festivals and
what are your needs?
The color is pretty intense even w/o the glowing. (And it's not like I'm going to move partial bottles of liquor across the country.)
Cosmic cowling this weekend!! :) cant wait!!
I hope that's a legal drinking age comment... 9months can mean a lot off things...
RT : If you want to succeed, double your failure rate. - Thomas Watson, IBM pioneer
Bulls playing tonight,,,
is that a tornado forming out there, I can see it
wash your face twice a day, but do not let sweat linger. If you sweat mid-day, wash it off!
that pic should be Chasers billboard lol
buy an island
doing a great job giving a fun presentation about Twitter.
Whatch my videos @ www.youtube.com/jessikahrawr1 Remember to comment, like of dislike my vids! And subscribe!! :D
Thx for the support! RT looks fabulous and reinvigorated. Love it! Hope to contribute some features one day soon!
I just know that it's a scene I distance myself from as well. I'm more of a "don't hate the players, change the game" person. :)
Racing to the end to get my buyers closed by tomorrows tax credit deadline!
Thomas Porter Blog » Cisco Aironet Patch Antenna
So What Are You Up To?
First team to 47 wins gets to represent the east for the cup
Yeah, I just never get sick of fetishizing prepubescent girls...Also the show is now named after a character who will never appear?
That class looks great! I've always wanted to build those skills. I wish there was something like that in NYC.
During the next few days I will be donating my services to develop a donation website for a 10 year old who got diagnosed with leukemia.
Thank you for 18 years.
Higher Caliber Klique is bigger and better than ever!!
send us an email w/acct info and issue. we'll see what went wrong.
The foyer in your home says welcome to you and your guests. Choose an elegant chandelier and wall sconces to light this important space.
cd comes out a week before my birthday, is out a week before that, it's gonna be a metal week
Guess the weather will be iffy but have a great time. Basking in Penguin win. PSU in the middle of Philly-Pgh battle...LOL.
In 1492 Columbus left in search of a new world. Show your taste buds something new at Winghart's...just a trek downtown and no seasickness!
I can't wait until March 15 for The Secret Circle
Thanks for the #FF dear!
Score!! RT : You have to have the mac and cheese pizza. It's delicious.
I like sad bastard music more than most, but I just can't get down with Elliot Smith. Sorry bout the knife, bro, but yo melancholy stagnant.
Clearly this is the start of your mid-life crisis. Happy Birthday.
We are a Real Estate Investment Company
Big data systems allow us to computationally understand our planet - Jack Dangermond
Where did i go wrong....?
haha. What's that song called, I couldn't find it on sound hound.
Besides poster board and stick retailers, who rakes in the cash when protest time comes?
IM A FLORIDIAN. IM A GATORS FAN. FUCKKKK BAMAAAA. GO GATORS.
Keep away from people who belittle your ambitions. Small people do that, but the great make you feel you too can become great. Mark Twain
This weather is making me wish I hadn't gotten out of bed
well i was, dads home :(
Dinner conversation on lucid dreaming inspired me to try to fly tonight.
The count down to Wine Wednesdays at UE begins...Coming this February 24...stay tuned.
For those of you who didn't know--I have a pinched nerve in my back and I've spent most of today in varying amounts of pain. :|
Shout out to K attys!
video cam shuffle! www.aaron.tv
Looking for cash buyers interested in some great cash flowing and equity rich deals in Grove City or Hilliard, OH!!
You know what I love? Singing with my boys at bedtime. Tonight we did three rounds of 'aby 'aluga.
that was good!
A key tip for small businesses be4 approaching a news outlet: Think through your communications strategy first and develop a plan.
Ill give kobe and world peace credit but the rest of this game has been bullshit.. Hope la makes the finals now... Wade forever!
#newspaces4learningI think #8 is in development with roll up ipads in the near future and all our textbooks having access through it
I have encouraged friends and customers to Go Natural! It's a beautiful thing!
it is officially SlideShare :D thx for the help!
I love my life, and it is my dream to help you love yours...
Hoping for a better workout tomorrow :)
Did You Get One Of The Bad Girls To Come Do A Photo Shoot ?
Lying in bed counting the hours of sleep you have left...only to realize you don't have class, traffic, 6 am the next day >
Hm...Don't you mean, "hey great and wonderful lady that I'm so happy to have as a friend of mine"?
Come in and enjoy 1/2 Price Sushi, Beer & Wine - Every Mon-Fri from 4-6pm! Also, don't miss the FREE wine tasting every Thurs 4-6pm!
Ensure content is finger-friendly. Just b/c content is big enough to read doesn't mean its big enough to touch.
I think he's sad he doesn't have utensils to eat his food with
#supportlocalmusic Live till 5p. And all day live on Tune it, follow us, share.
Ppl stay talking bout haters. Why u hating on them so much?
Wow, #Entourage is getting good this season.
well they started cheering Wade when he held up a Yankees hat, so it looks like it was about Tebow.
Girls be proud of bob your sexy the way you are and don't have anyone tell you different !
...is that a web link? O.o
Would you be more likely to buy a print of "baby Clay Matthews" Donald Driver and Rodgers together, or separately?
Lmao. You don't think it'd be a good fight?? I think he'd give Mayweather all he could handle and would possibly beat him
Thanks Nick! Glad someone else saw that too
We've reached the useful end of the Internet when people start checking in at their gynecologist.
Wow, so jealous! Hope you're thoroughly enjoying the conference!
No! I got some bread from a rest stop though!
...hope you make it in soon :)
What's everyone doing?
possibly - where r they?
Thanks for telling your followers about our David Leapman exhibition. Its opening this weekend.
RT : Junior was a true competitor and a special player. My heartfelt condolences go out to the #Seau family.
How many time is Nate gonna poop in the tub? Ugh!!!!!
Check my work...musical overtime!!! Work hard or dont clock in!!
Whats up wit dis new twitter app I downloaded? It keeps unfollowin ppl
Indispensable and Well-Presented Grammar Guide Released
is at The Spot TONIGHT @ 8PM. $15 covers all drinks until 9 and movie scene karaoke until 11. BE THERE! Proceeds benefit Jinx!
But sure, haters, O's statement is meaningless. </snark> RT : RNC statement: vigorously defends DOMA, calls for constit. amendment
Ah, unfortunately it's a Borders-only product that isn't listed on their e-store yet; working with them to get the nb's listed.
Thanks! i signed up for the next meetup!
Did you get the earlier note? Send your interest/ideas to . Thanks!
Go Kaptur! beat the troll!
No one's ever come up with Juju before! I like it!
Totally new website. Totally new book on #Kindle. Check it out. www.traceyperger.com
M. Froyo with Gavin.
Undergraduate Focus: University college wins best thesis award
Introducing THE LADY KILLER....(red velvet) accepting orders for special delivery June 1st (2dozen min.) Sneak Peak!! twitpic.com/4wh7r2
Big plans this Friday night? Keep it safe, St. Louis.
Congrats Boston! You will always be the other Black and Gold though... Go Pens!! #SidForPres #NHL 2011-12 is ours!!!!!
Don't write words to add content to a page...Write to engage, entice and persuade. It lasts longer.
Sorry to have missed your tour with the other Gadlingers today! Hope it was a blast.
Facing #foreclosure or struggling to make your payments? Let us educate you on a #shortsale & how it can help. www.chicagoshortsalegroup.com
One of the hardest things about plucking your eyesbrows is making sure they both look the same when you're done. Eek!
MIT Sloan CIO Symposium Selects Leading Chief Information Officers as Finalists for the 2012 Award for Innovation Leadership...
Once you have homemade jam you'll never go back to the store bought stuff.. thank you farmers market.
Fun Fact: Sometimes I wish I could just run away from everything.
RT : I get on Facebook and get right back off
well...I'm partial to the brown stuff...40 Creek is my current beverage of choice...Zima for u???
Need more income? Need retirement? Need a plan B? Looking 4 happy net-workers not happy with $$$ now. Phone interview. 360-217-7967
DailyHookahTip#113: NHT means Non Hookah Tobacco, or drugs. When discussing hookah with the pros, consider NHT a taboo.
Save time to go resort hopping around WDW! They go all out w/ decorations. Definitely hit all MK resorts incl Wilderness lodge!
got to love Ohio!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet because he inspires me to continue singing and work on my voice, he also seems really cool and stuff :D
Got parking reduced from $7 to $3 all day
sorry. I was busy doing hw. and stuff so i got off. Lol
Ski ski water gun O My God........ Look At Her butt..... tunechi
#I Want U Back lower gas prices.
Opps I meant Felicia not Felicity
Are you going to ? Please drop me a note!
So bored
Apparently there is a shark sighting in the Ohio river
hopefully I'll see you there hyun
This bar is treacherous, and my friends are trying to marry me off to wealthy men.
I love you ♥28
“: All blue-eyed people are mutants. The first blue-eyed human only appeared about 5,000 years ago.” ima mutant- that explains it
It's such a bitch resetting. With the Xbox 360 controller, I just remove the battery pack.
FaceBook don't have Teams so shut the fuck up ...
It feels wierd seeing someone with the same name as i
Jerry just had me rolling. "Damn bruh.. there's a bug in my drink... Where'd it go? Fuck it, I'm bout to drink his ass." xDDD
anytime ;D
I miss everything about you </3
I just wish I could get some of my outstanding invoices paid!
My mom was reading the book that I have my test on last night. I cant go get it from her because 4am. Guess I'm failing that test.
get him to come to Missouri!!
EXOTIC COLLISION CENTER (339-224-3771) REVERE MASS # 1 IN AUTO BODY REPAIRS .
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 16
thanks for supporting the spot!
giving away 100 free songs in honor of releasing their 3000th song.
Oh, well that's just what the world needs rights now...
RT : If you haven't skied this winter, has bus trips this weekend to Hunter, Stratton, & Windham...
Travel safe, Laura!
Impressive, is a bit overdramatic. They played well against bad competition. Cmon. Lets not act like its the Packers
thanks! We will take even the insane part as a compliment.
Dont listen to em' haterz! Their your motivators in disguise! Why do they hate you?! No reason too.
Twins Matthew & Gunnar Nelson turn 44 today. Their dad is Ricky Nelson.
M, Pub Quiz.
I hope you guys can make our 20th Anniversary Fiesta tonight-5-7pm
thankya much. Hope your doin good. Its been a minute
Just gave a unit of blood $10 coming your way ! Will you give?
what do you have going on this weekend?
don't you ever get tired of giving a shit when the other party is a douche?
i think its cute when your cuddling with someone and your both naked
nope the one couple of years ago in the snowstorm awesome
¿hello how are all?
The 2012 election will be a bitter fight til the end. Gotta be prepared.
I hate physicals...
Check your inbox! If you were an backer, you should have some mp3's waiting for you.
Thansk to everyone that is listening to "Waisted" on We at 100 views in less than a hour!!!
Thanks for the FF
live every week like its shark week
I'm getting my belly button pierced , bring kelsey up here
You're so lucky congrats sweetie!:)
Oh yeah, I know and am planning on being hunted. :)
If you search, you will find...if you are open, it will come...if you love, you will be loved...if you live fully
Your version of "I will always love you" literally brought me to tears. Can you DM me your booking info?
Wow... I had a really amazing birthday showing ... Thank you so much everyone
": You: Describe me in one word. Me: Mine..." OMG aww. That's so cute<3
ah nice. Back in TX?
It's weird seeing just Kelly on the show and not both Regis and Kelly...
all is Well! Im always excited to see you Jason! ALWAYS!
oh, it's niall & the potatuhss!
Why am I still at work???
Brought my friend Natalie to to see Scrooge 2day & she answered the call to salvation! Luke 15;7
Blake Griffin raped him :/
how many ppl have told u u resemble e. badu in ur avi?
lucky u. plz tell jack that he needs to make more wimpy boy band videos. :)
i didnt go,,, i cane home and my mom when off for no reason
Thank you for Sacred Economics. I'm reading it now. It's beautiful and very, very inspiring.
So ready for school to be over!
today i encountered a very very very creepy thing! #fml creepiest ever! aw….
Sports night in Pgh and I just want food ugh.
2pac hologram concert
Ayoade's feature "Submarine": strong recommend.
best actor goes to.. Jean Dujardin's eyebrows!
4:20 FUNNY | What do you call a cow eating grass in a paddock? A lawn mooer.
Which culture? Maybe I really do need to move. ;)
its only 10am, Can't wait to get home and just chill with my friends....
Sorry guys I've been working hard on my hard rock cafe performance ill try be on more
where do you buy all of your wonderful ukeleles? <3
Great afternoon spent with friends Terrace and the #studystrong puppies !
you want to be able to celebrate the championship. Could be part of why he wants to come back
oh coo ill be waiting for dinner when I get off lol
Phamaldehyde&heroin on cigarrette,with monster drink ,I'M ROIDED
You can't ever EVER judge a person by their APPEARANCE.
All girls want assholes right now until they get older and realize how pathetic they really are .
gps says eta 1hr 39min and there's a butt load of traffic
I love the game of Baseball, #MLB has no reason to treat u this way. They should thank u for bringing attention to Steroids!
Sorry for the late response. We're on the west coast right now. Will be back in Chi very shortly! Thanks for following!
come in to city gear and get that fit....4443 canerun road
Just picked up my copy of Dyson's book. Looking forward to it.
You're Welcome! Also Essentious real good with hairfinitys
your welcome!
Ok that's it- I have to write a book. Or a sitcom. My life. Starring me. Resolution.
Mia is havn its days but yea jus out here scopen the next move . . . Yo you got the same cell??
your welcome
you ain't bout that life
I'm a big fan of telecommuting, but that's a decision way above my pay grade
Singular corn not plural corns ummkay
Seems more than a little ironic that far-right religion manages, at the same time, to crush both reason and imagination.
dm me your number !!
Haha omg! : Actually, my teeth are fine. I just go to the dentist's office to hear my songs.”
Writing my first legit song. Ah It needs to be perfect.
Sometimes your actions may send off messages that may be conflicting with how you really feel. So always make your mind & body are in tune.
Quote of the day so far - "Hey... you followed me." -
I got ya ticket Sisc
Went too hard on arms and had to take an extra day off, but excited to get back to full #GTP today! Sunday Funday xo
HERE WE GO!!! Watch OUT Miami South Beach, WE ARE HERE!!! EXXXOTICA DUNGEON EXPERIENCE called SUBMISSION.. BAMMMM.. Ha! See you soon.
Wings by Aprilynne Pike: Girls Turns Into Flower ❦
Christmas flow out there? Send in your pics! Merry Christmas followers
Time to go to sleep, fever is kicking in again :(
w00t w00t! Good luck apt. hunting! I recommend the neighborhood of Palms. ;)
#nowplaying angel bc codys a angel :)
My dream day is laying on the beach all day, coming home, getting cleaned up and being taken out to a nice dinner. I'm getting a dream week!
Pulled an all-nighter to finish grading papers. Student: You're returning papers? I was having a good day until now.
: Is there really anything better than the beginning of summer, your friends, country music, and an ice cold bev Nope.
how bout 2012?
omg it's so cute!!
good morning on this coast!
I get to speak at a press conference today! 4pm in the State Capitol rotunda.
Glad to hear you are safe! Take care everyone - and be wary of aftershocks!
We have busy updating! Check us out!
If I can't use my reusable cup at your store because it's a health hazard, why take my money? That stuff is filthy.
I am awake now, and I don't have anything important to do today. I just dont know what to do with myself (fiddle).
Great question. Give me a call in my office to discuss. I'm always available for my team. Thank for your input.
Gonna go see this week  woot woot!
RT : Are YOU getting the #VIP treatment at #volvooceanrace The deal is ON:
game over...Yanks are bats have been silenced by Lee.....losing game 1 is bad for the team that does
Piggy to da trough
yeah I have had the idea to ignore ie for a while, but never thought it could be practical til I read that article
bmore guy to bmore guy what do you think about the ravens taking Phillip Henry c baylor at pick 98?
where's at ? that nigga still owes me a date to bamboo lol
Not happy about this losing streak caps are having on the road.
"i do what i do and you do what you can about it"
no blog post this week, but new design sometime within a week. working on a design distracted me from writing a new post. Sorry everyone!
www.pledge4patriots.com is now connected to Facebook!!
ask away, anything I can do to help
Thanks ! Sounds like a great event!
Yul Kwon: On Survivor, the highest height I saw was the top of a coconut tree. America Revealed is shot almost entirely from the sky.
here goes my mom annoying me smfh i need my own laptop shit is getting annoying
I am really looking forward to that session Aden. Great topic.
Good idea. Thank you!
Tame Impala sounds like the Beatles
give something or offer something in return within a year
Going to the white water center for a trail run with the dogs on this beautiful day!!
I just finished watching an episode. I do love all the gay innuendo. LURV IT!
Wow! #Ebay to acquire #Magento, excited to see what happens.
Stop in for Coa's Breaded Pork Milanesa Torta today! Breaded pork topped with lettuce, tomato, and Coa mayo!
Ok y'all, I'll stop with the baseball tweets now. Off to sleep...perchance to dream about Matt Kemp. Good night!
If it were the end of the day now...what would you be so proud to have accomplished?
on the menu here at least through the summer, possible all year if there is demand.
no sarcasm! it's a really cute memory. :)
I miss you
Ah I hate when USC wireless Internet goes down!!!
Beautiful Day!
Morning all!
.... much respect dude.! thank u
Very cool & good to know ... trying to finish first one and see the movie today, then read your post!
yayayayay. I'll see what we're doing that saturday. We're there the 17th-20th
Dude, Pipo should have his own Twitter account. Funny stuff. Is he the only recurring character on your show?
Great treadmill songs??
screwed up and can't deliver till the 15. Supposed to be delivered on the 10th.
You Made it Weird with Pete Holmes
Good morning Brian! RT : Good morning to some of my radio east coast tweeps. & miss the morning crew.
um I wanna visit but that a 26 hour drive :(...NODEAL
impulse brownies smh
New Jersey Autistic Boy Records Teachers' Alleged Abuse - ABC News
please watch kony 2012 join invisible children this war must end he must be stoped hes ben comiting crimes for 20 years
Next time I go to the barber I'm getting "The Brock"
If you're not at the bar right now, get with it and tune in to & Sounds like he ate his Wheaties! #LEGGO!!!
Oh....haha, fail on my part.
What's the best thing about being a therapist for you? What makes this profession most worthwhile or meaningful for you?
“: this new jason mraz album >” Definitely.
Bynum not always interested in playing hard
Well, hello LA ... Traffic as far as the eye can see.
no way they'll get a second for him.
Bounce on Saturday = Crazy! & what do you think?
I ate every calorie I encountered today, and a few I had to go out of my way to find. Only two more days left ...
Jesus has risen and we on earth have been granted a new beginning. Happy Easter everyone.:)
Lol. What was he doing?
IU Skype Class: Q: Who are your mentors Frances? A: My grandmother, my father, John W. Gardner, General Lloyd Austin I and Jim Collins!
Today will be a good day, today will be a good day... =)
RT : I think what's fun is that they could include/embed, Vokis, Voicethread, youtube videos, glogs, etc, etc!
I have never found anybody who could stand to accept the daily demonstrative love I feel inside of me and give back as good as I give ~Plath
"thank you and good night"
would love to talk to you about being part of a pop-up American-made menswear event this April - .
Going to a meeting and afterward working on my book ttyl ( talk to ya'll later)
SEE YOU TONIGHT GIRL VEGAS!!
Good morning beautiful people
In the final hours of door to door for
thanks for following RareRO! :)
This newspaper needs a viagra.
Likewise, cheers! RT : hey chef Thanks for the follow.
No worries, Dave - thanks for checking.
I just followed
Gen Next values: good parent, successful marriage, help others, own home, religion impt, high-paying career, free time, fame (Pew)
Pretty sure ESPN was reporting this at 1PM yesterday afternoon. Still not confirmed?
News in the Morning is on in less than 5 minutes. We have breaking news! Tune in
Hey Austin Fans! Check out our new Austin Twitter Account. Watch for our great Austin offers being tweeted out to our Austin followers!
ok. bye
Grabbed speakers for 's talk. Risk of dance party rising.
send us a book and we'll see about that!
No ticket on the dash I'm good.
It was nice meeting you at the Fly Wade event. Take care and happy holidays.
Just got to Gypsy Bar in Greenpoint and found out it is their last night. All booze has to go. 159 Greenpoint Ave. Pass it on.
This kicks ass man!!!
Unfortunately yes. It's not cool but it is normal.
Class --> RT : Kudos to Spanos & the for retiring the double nickel.
why is Samardzija out?
I'm using it in Intet for that very reason. Still lets me set up, but not as "win more" as in Animar
if you have a Blog Lovin' account.. FOLLOW US!
As your attorney i advise you to take a hit out of the small brown bottle in my shaving kit.
Need auto #repair? We can ease the burden on your insurance through social media.
Thanks 4 mention!
I usually disappear cause I'm addicted to G+ but he's legend her. Last tweet Mar01. Hmm.
With me of course.
Of course, it's difficult to talk about Prop B b/c of all the misinformation floated by its proponents
BTW :) you're an awesome person Sharon :) soo glad U are my twitter friend :)! #justsaying :)
Drunk on a Tuesday! Why
You show him what's up! haha
lmaoo my unnecessary hand motions
I hate debates...already.
Nashville Connection tomorrow and then School choir concert Sunday! Can't wait to sing our choir songs in different languages... Lol
- Broadcast standards and journos with a spine and integrity. Now they're just heads and faces, but for a few.
Checkin out at ! Playin w/ my boys And - come on people!!!
Dumb blasted
Just listened to four of the podcasts, as well as the TAL segment. I think Interruptible is my favorite so far.
Happy birthday to my best friend since pre-school !!!!!!!!!
Old enough...remember the great Sam Cooke...Joshua style and voice!
Check out these fellow promo girls
It's gonna be fun!
Shine On, Smile On!
If all else fails, sleep with your sources. Worked for one of my former journalism professors.
Is your child running in to trouble? Would like to track is every move? Then check us out at www.meitrack.net.
You need to show up more often Brian :) Tonight was fun to take in.
let's do it.
I am loving LBJs face right now.
Not just any forest, but a forest where they get paneling
is on the map! Get in on the ground floor of a unique #summercamp staffing partner. Coming soon to a #camp near you!
VLJ's Divorce Seminar is tomorrow at 10:30am! Call VLJ to confirm your attendance!
Whining, not hardly, encouraging enfranchisement of all voters to be included, absolutely. There is a difference between the two.
Happy New Year everyone....
The only guys I respected on Red Suxs R gone. Francona, Drew (Nole!), Wakefield & Varitek. Now I can hate them with ALL my heart! Go Yanks!
#BoiseSOC Bieter: Cities must stress livability because livability equals economic development,and economic development gives us prosperity.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 323
Good morning♪ It is very fine today!!!!!!!!!
I can see you:)
Today is my first day rehearsing with Harmonious Funk.
It's good to recognize code and understand how it works and what it does. But I think outsourcing is a good way to go.
Gm Tweoples!! Beyond being a creative genius, Steve Jobs revolutionized & evolved life as we know it
“: you a big Hoe if you got that jungle fever” you can be so ignorant sometimes.
true! I guess ill just get up for some cookies! Haha
Thanks to everyone who attended our first meeting!! Special thanks to Dr. Jared Harris for speaking to the group tonight!!
evidently you aren't a fan of me being bigger and stronger than Gronk?
Now tweeting for work from Follow! :)
don't be surprised, you knew Ben was going to take Courtney for a test drive on the overnight date before getting rid of her
Steph Curry and the Warriors will play the Nuggets tonight in the first of three meetings this season between the two teams
Thanks to and for the great responsive web presentation.
We fail to see the problem...plus, it's not even noon...so technically it's still morning.
Love 's #beHeard campaign! Good job!
U ALREADY KNW NIGGA. IF SHE AINT CASHIN OUT.. TELL DAT BITCH GOOD BYE IN SPANISH. THEN FUCK HER FRIENDS..
I need to shower about 3 more times to actually get the paint off
matter of fact you just dropped the new ass controller I just bought talking bout oops my bad so stfu
What a good idea! What do you think, ? RT Sarah should be an chapter leader!
My face is so dirty ...
Being whorish,using everyone u meet!Will come bk nite rip yur ass apart.
Critics and Comics have one thing in common HUMOR!
Can you order me a shirt...!?
keep doing the thing cat.
your his queen but he has a wife.😨
We have to quickly reindex all our deals. The API will have limited results for about an hour. Sit tight!
what about Sacramento? The date isn't even showing on the events page :/
you're still talking to him so it obviously hasn't happened yet...
Time to hit the gym!
Trailers packed up !! Ready to hit the road!
Alera Radius Corner Bookcase, Wood Veneer, 7-Shelf, 36w x 12d x ...
I really don't care for too many people but I did care about her. I know she is in a better place. R.I.P. Ms Audrey Gail Johnson.
I'm just hoping I didn't inadvertently put naughty things in the shapes. I rushed out the door and didn't have time to check that.
New Bourbon Heritage Menu starting soon. There is "Makers Mark" everywhere!! Yum
A hunnid mathafuckas can't tell me nothing
Most of Street Fighter training consists of punching Dan in the nuts.
DAMN...Ashley S, even I knew Bentley(??) wasn't right... another Emily incident
Reminder: Members of South Jordan Professional Firefighters there is a meeting tonight or tomorrow night at 6:30pm.
"Wanna tell you about the girl I love, my she looks so fine..."
"No one making more than $1 million should have to pay a smaller share of their income taxes" -VP Biden at Gen44 reception
thank you for the follow.
you knew your dude was playing u and you still went with him
AskKyle; it's definitely talking about me.
I do. I'm going to start using that. Haha
I want a personalized tag for my car. ISQRTREMY...THAT'S HOT HUH?
Naps. No matter how short or long, I always wake up not knowing what the hell is going on.
Sheboygan has a lab for food? I went to the wrong school RT: howards grove high - student passed out in food lab
Women with mustaches know they have mustaches, right? They're not just oblivious to that fact?
rockin out to "Baby" in store..."now i'm all gone.." :)
Good lord, an entire family walked in wearing Ed Hardy. Not sure how to respond.
Lady I sho would be re-tweet if I could. But you are so ministering to me right now!
That's a great question - working on a blog post. Thanks for the inspiration!
great caddyshack reference. happy valentines
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
someone take me there NOW!
Compendium's Chris Baggott "Blogging is a spectacular acquisition tool."
When we lose someone that has affected so many in our industry, we need to pause to celebrate the life of #DickClark. RIP now, old friend.
so does it sound like Gill-is?
Shout Out To The Newest Follower ! U Playin Puck On The 3rd? Tryin To Play On My Team This Time? Lol
Getting spooked at the Monsters, Myths, and Legends session
Leaving Iowa...Step 1 on our journey to Haiti
Bullying Prevention Tip #3 - Have students get CREATIVE, #schools skits, design hall posters, Stop Bullying T-shirts.
thinking about RFID
love me <3
Screen shot it and repost then!!!
Focus Group this Wednesday. Looking for Males and Females 18-30 who own a cellphone. Group lasts 1 1/2 hours and pays $85.
Recommended FOLLOW: GIRL CLOWN the film's composer - talented, awesome and super-nice!
In a pretty good mood to have just worked for 7 hours. Lol.
Love is pure, love is kind, love is unconditional, love is patient, love is everlasting, love is forgiveness, love is eternal. - S.
left bout 2:45 went to my guy Tonitos bar then went home bout 4:00.
why didn't you let me know before we wrapped? 2 tributes to you in the film though.
I think I am meant to travel. Just saying.
yeah I'm using a 4G aircard. No wifi for me either.
That's book 6, and it's still no good? I'm only up to 4 but keep hearing they get better. I guess not.
No good, no good
FOUR days until I have official occupancy status in my new digs, and 16 days until the full move. I can't wait.
Reading The Moonstone by Wilkie Colins - like it as a mystery, but love the humor! Miss Clack & her precious tracts...
Are there any bonefires happening graduation weekend?
UK signees Scout rankings added together come up to 70 (1,7,14,48), just one spot behind UofL's signee Terry Rozier who comes in at
When the Lakers lose everybody comes together & starts dickriding eachother!
Who is trying to hoop today?
I know you're not supposed to fan girl over superheroes but seriously. If Thor had short dark hair...him and Iron Man 👍❤😉
The number one way the Colorado State Government is going green is by reducing ENERGY by 20%! What are you doing to reduce energy?
It's going to be really sad when the owner goes off to his/her secluded music room in the woods and the piano's gone
Who went to the UTSA Spring Game!?!?
I see your drugs/alcohol and raise a great scene study class/the reminder that you can do something right now and then.
The people in this class are so uneducated. They think waisting class talking about drugs is going to get them somewhere in life ha idiots
Just discovered and AMAZING Pinterest app for Facebook. You can make your Pinterest page one of your custom tabs easily!
I figured out that I've been playing some of rhthyms wrong and some of the notes wrong and I just about cried...
2012 is turning out to be OVER THE TOP for ME!
YOU GUYS ARE BEING PUSSIES! BE REALLY MEAN TO US!
giving blood today :)
im scared my partner is gonna kill me !
“Leaders are made, they are not born. They are made by hard effort. ~Vince Lombardi
We have moved from murder ballads tp rockabilly and back again
Happy Holidays and much abundance in 2012 to ~
Good first day at work.yay! Gotta get ready for day two tomorrow.
Music makes every mood better!
r.kelly...the dream...the weeknd.
finally off 😁
I would love to meet you goofy goober!!!
Selling homes.
hey! How u be lately?! It's been a minute!!
OOC: Just came back from the dance showcase!
Do not talk about me like that when you're obese in every crease. I'm dying
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)17
I don't know if Lexington, KY has a Rocky Rococo's but if so, I'm sure & his Carroll Pioneers are eating there tonight!
Exploring the French Quarter. There is honesty no place else like it.
RT EcommerceJobs: MULTICHANNEL ATTRIBUTION: "To guarantee success, spend 95% of your time defining the problem and 5% solving it." ...
51st CD DNC Delegate Elections: 2pm, Machinist Union Hall, 590 Park Way, Chula Vista, 91910
Merry Christmas! we are getting ready for a big meal for the homeless and anyone in need- it will be great!
oh yeah "baby, baby, baby, oh. Like baby, baby, baby no!". (really I'm going to a Bieber fan club meeting!)
I would trade 1000 groupies for 1 true love, ANYDAY!!
