If I were to chose between a 1D concert, Austin Mahone concert, or Justin bieber .. I would go with JB.. Always have, always will
Just one person I wanted to talk to today that I can't. 😔
Just watched the reply of Marshall/Southern Miss on CSS. GR8 win 4 THE HERD! HERD so talented but must play with the same passion in CUSAT..
Family today, naked tomorrow<3 I'll post pics Sunday of my cute outfit<3<3
reasons not to wear a bra ;)
Who feel like texting. Dm your. Digits
Good morning!
Another former athlete takes their life. Sad man. One to many shots to the head? Only thing that makes sense, makes these Guys unstable
when you get a Step Ahead your ride is never late. Safe Travels!
RT : Does a business card count? [i have some duct tape. diy stickers, ftw]
damnit Briggon! I was hoping that msg was for realsies. Jk I didn't get 1. And I hacked u.
Dude In My Mentions Is So Thirsty -_-
Strength in numbers. Honor in creed. Stay Drivn.
Thanks RT So glad to receive an e-mail about lecturing at My alma mater knows how to pick great lecturers
Happy Pride!
Running at 6:30am seems silly. Perhaps you should come enjoy a latte at instead of working so hard. The jazz is on me.
Thanks for the article! I find it interesting that it's geared at "young people" :)
For the wages of sin in our lives is death, but Jesus said paid it all. The ultimate sacrifice for us. Remember that this weekend.
lol, I know what you mean.
thank you!
#AAPOR: We are the 99% (+/-1) = the conference t-shirt
Are you really tryna threaten me with I won't I see you???
I'm a Hufflepuff we're true to the end, united we stand, so I stand with my friends
you are good ;)
wanna renew our friendship tomorrow?
Riverside Coffee House in Missoula has really awesome internet... I am happy to say I am tweeting on it.
The funny thing is, he thinks he's the lucky one.
Honestly i just want my Friend Back
launching my twitter!
i can see it in your eyes, your angry. regret got shit on what your feelin now.
Ray Finkle, former nick name, "The Mule"
or maybe you are here..
my drumset's a guy so that means you're gay, you fucker!
How is the food quality there? I have been wanting to try it but I did not know it was already open.
Sitting sideways like we did in high school on the bus to work. Everyone (well 20% still here) seems mentally in vacation mode.
#lovegettingtold happy birthday even when it is not my birthday....
RT Start your weekend off with SOUL DIVINE in 505 Fusion or catch SON COMO SON in Lucha tonight!
Well I'm not work although I do work from home but insomnia gotsta 2GO!
Things will never change..
Must sign off Twitter to work on sample of our newest release, Frank J. Edwards's debut medical thriller FINAL MERCY, for Later...
Follow me? Please =)
the guy i like Zack Rodman??
Grenada Chocolate Company chocolates have arrived! Come in for a taste! 111 St. Marks Place, NY
well can u bring me bathing suit please and behave well u make decision u grow ass man so night I'm just gonna keep dancing
Mother, you know I'm sorry, But sorry's pregnant with remorse And when remorse is born, remorse won't see An ounce of child support.
kayla im about to freaking bawll im scared as heck !
Just iMessaged my mom in China and iMessage reported instant delivery! Technology rocks!
on my #BestDayEver flow right now
HA. me too , lucky people all famous and stuff :p
Look at Lefty, all everybody talked about all last week was Le Tigere, he is on!
holding back mindless behavior
Disturbing.....so have some soup?! Haha wow
me neither
bored as hell..seriously need new ppl to tlk to -.-
I'm reading these FSU/ACC tweets and think that this is about to turn into a gigantic clusterf***.
Congratulations to Drew Gordon and Caroline Durban on bring named first-team All-Mountain West players!
Good to see you both last night! -- cried myself to sleep because I missed seeing you....
Happy Mother's Day including the men who are doing it all & being both parents. Enjoy your day ladies & gentlemen.
to hangout
ha. he was sending me rude "doping" Braun links when i already told him i didn't want to discuss it
way to go dude! You deserve it!
Congrats all!
Just discovered that a book I illustrated lives in the collection of Yale's amazing
he's not going to his daughter's graduation at all bc she gave her mom more tickets. How petty can you be? It's HER day
sowwy I'm being a stingy baby with this one.!
I'm so close too 600 followers. I know that sounds lame cuz almost everyone has 1,000 or more followers but its exciting for me :)
I hate when I take long naps.
Finding myself adding "-stackoverflow" to my searches lately--esp. when i need a broad overview of a topic rather than granular bickering.
On the Lighter Side: Brown steps into kangaroo shoe-do
pulling out my inner 8th grader with
Call me
Doing some international alpaca investing?
Hey can we bring the kids fitness test into the 21st century? Remove the sit ups! They cause #diastasis & other spine problems!
it's because he's so perfect #SoTrue and I'll see when i get my mac for my bday
glad to hear you like the MSKCC library! You should follow us if you don't already...
Shout out to my girl she is a MUST
it was u!! Really cool meeting you, hope u make a deep run in 2012
Holy economics budget project. First three months officially DONE. My eyes are burning from looking at the computer screen to do this shit.
Breaking news theres nfl season
P.S. Tweeps, I'll be back from vacation next week! ¡ Besos y mimos !
Soccer with the cousins ;D
So good right? Lol
Hollywood blvd at 11 pm on a tuesday... Is just sad
Watching on Common Law. Dope.
It's time to vote! Exercising my rights:)
I'm gonna pow wow like crazy tonight.
Always happy to spread the news gospel! See y'all tonight TX reunion dinner!
Props to the new Quiznos here in Chatsworth! Great people working behind the counter and they said they would hand out my business cards! :)
We are allowing interns to work out of SD! Are you still interested? Email for details. Thanks!
Hey , #UWMPantherVision won itself an Emmy last night!!
lol good u need to be!
2 words your never here (hey boo)
woohoo!! Go girl!!
The shitty humor this generation makes some times makes me want to be born in a different era.
AP todays my 24th bday can the biggest Viking fan get a RT?
it was an own goal by Brazil, but we will take it. Come on ladies!
Crash + burn
Howdy ! I blog young adult books beyond bestsellers, Tweet abt #learning, fun info, brain, cats
In London w , but also thinking re Boston Pops: What's your favorite contemporary patriotic song?
The thing to remember is that Black genealogy isn't just Black. Be prepared and open to discovering diverse ancestors.
With at wondering "Has the US lost Latin America?"
wow that long
Shouldn't be that way, but there are some user objects that it is just so cathartic to delete--like lighting a sacrificial bonfire.
be a sick matchup. I say KY.
If you holla loud enuff somebody will hear ya
if you got sing videos can you please tweet me the link thank you :) <3
so fuckin bored im so tired and horny
staind, James Blunt. Man you listen to some shitty music.
#incollege i met a lot of lames
I ain't go walk a 1000 miles just to see you, but I'd ride my bike
"Made the mistake of saying "oh yeah, we can do that" to every DL idea and request." Nice insight.
Ah I see what you did there!
negotiations on new CBA to start in a couple of months and rejection of realignment is early indicator of NHLPA's position.
i miss how We used to talk every minute of every day & how I was able to tell you everything that waZ on my mind. I mss our conversation
We'll be open until 8pm through Dec 23rd! Don't miss all the twinkling lights and trains!
Special thanks and congrats to , and Columbia for putting on such a wonderful program today on fair use.
Anybody watch #Dexter tonight?
hurl? Wtf bro?
Nice our basketball team is in the state championships! Let's go Desert Warriors!
I got my picks for tonights games on #TNT video blog up soon #Knicks #Bulls #Thunder and #Blazer fans #NBA Fan check me out #RT 6
Haha! RT : Trying out the Farragut Crossing for the first time. Nerdily excited.
Sun....come back....warm my soul.
I want to make a Facebook account and the name will be "Nobody" so when I see stupid crap people post, I can "Like" it
Prayers for Charlie Maude Thompson of Ohio. Who needs a special prayer today?
I answered all of them b4 midnite, but I just wanted to add that all of the songs were by Van Halen in case that was needed
omg!!😱 haha I was shitting bricks that night! I really thought we were all going to jail😥 Cesar like a champ took the blame
Who's watching ??? Who's it gonna be Karen or Ivy???
A key ring is a handy little gadget that allows you to lose all your keys at once.
Watching transformers 2 - its better the second time after the initial disappointment of seeing it in the movies...
What do you expect?.. You kno ima C ;)..
that show was incredible! And you played for 2+ hours straight!
Ricketts can't even run a baseball organization let alone comment on the POTUS! Baby steps, Ricketts. Worry about Championships!
Obviously I can't have my own opionion without people freaking the fuck out.
dropped my eyeliner in the toilet. fished it out, patted it dry with toilet paper and drew up the most spot-fucking-on amy winehouse eye.
#NP Ft. & "Counterfeit" Morning Show
happy mothers day grandma :) R.I.P. Joy Williams, i love you :*
- Dude, you need to come up with some fun, crazy, and Silly stunts to involve your Penis with- then u can take over the world!!
My Outfit Todaay <<
NaLee a vividly rich mermaid fantasy book, the beginning of a trilogy NaLee2010.com ebook only $1
"First sunny day of the year, time to dust off the fratty sunglasses and my disc." -Some pale bro in a lax pinnie
Obama supports GAYNESS? #fag ..
"people are talking bad about me?!" haha, sorry you got hacked
Oh geez.. Sometimes I can't believe my brain!! I feel like my life is a comedy reel.. At least I make life interesting for those around me
whoo's still up. no one? okay cool.
not much here either same old same old.
thy rod and thy staff they comfort me. {more sheep imagery}
Richard Fish: "She told her that you told her about what she told you. I'm in the middle and clueless. I feel like Elaine."
Me an Daniela running up an down the street yelling GIANTS!!!
well Jamie Moyer is like 82959288492949274636 years old....
#Follow our manager
We will be posting an entire video of #CSuite feat. Peter Bernard on our FB page. Stay tuned.
iWanna play w/ a girl head, like niggas play w/ mine ! iono why doe -_____- but shiddd, ima just keep it real AINT no other way
I want too
#HowToAnnoyFolkAtWork Ask your coworkers if that tattoo/piercing hurt and stare at it
... Seems kinda quite over there in Tenn .. No more tweets we landed manning ...
'Knicks' Play Winless Washington Wizards Tonight. If We Lose I'm Gonna Throw A Garbage Can Thru Sal's Famous AGAIN.YA-DIG SHO NUFF
Trader Joe's
I'm keeping count. Any more questions, message me on my personal. Goodnight :)
First yell of BS at Michelle Martinez. Things getting testy.
State of GTD: 's Things has no cloud sync and has no iPad app. Still looking for the perfect solution.
Your bacon addition makes me feel (almost) virtuous abt ordering the "plain" choc PB shake!
Don't chu be holding back .
Past 2 weeks I'm 5-4. One of those losses was a +175 dog.. send me your pick(s) for tomorrow
Any Fans > Arknasas Razorback Fans > Shit In A Can > Laker Fans.
“: Gilbert says they want to build with superstars not around them this time around” TAKE THAT !
Wow didn't think hearing that would really piss me off.
thx!! but my gift to myself is to relax today :)
Don't wanna go in this damn job!
I'm waking up at 7:20 to iron my hair ^.^ but idk, estimate how long you take to get ready i guess :x
Can't wait 2 c uRT:Have bn thinking abt all day since tweets.Heading thr 4 an early dinner in
It's a sad day in Miami!! Chris Quinn was traded to the New Jersey Nets!! No justice!!
say dat ... u gotta fuck wit me ... thas where im at too
My dad makes studying impossible
Bro , I'm ok. Injures kill our season!!!
100% of the shots you don't take, don't go in. -Wayne Gretzky
An entrepreneur at a 9 to 5, with limited flexibility & creativity is a Caged Tiger.
Wow, Penthouse Pet...of the YEAR?! Good lord man, that's awesome!
Hopefully one day, we'll move past that by teaching our own children to love.
i'm gonna go eat mac n' cheese , then i'm going to start this weekend over again.
ikr! but theres other websites with it on there. i played it yesterday ockermans retarded
Hey everyone follow #letgo is fantastic!!!
stood me up last night & I had to WALK HOME!
Poor Mr. Spider. BTW, congrats on the raise!
I serve a God who is greater than this world. Praying for my city today.
why is everyone obsessed with one direction?
I hate feeling like crap.
CHECK OUT THE WORLDWIDE TRENDS!!!!! #600KMAHOMIES <3 SO PROUD OF YOU, :)
I'm really excited to see your goodies! :)
Finished Brooks' "People of the Book". Since I'm a librarian w exp. w rare books & conservators, I loved this story of a medieval haggadah.
Niall, I can't wait to see you next year in concert! <3
Relief is your bodys way of saying "i told you so"
Today in 1812, no war happenings occurred. Check back in tomorrow for historical events!
shortly @ #EWGreece... stay tuned for some cool Entrepreneurial news from Athens !
If I leave the office now, I'll miss the end of UNCA-Syracuse. As an Asheville native, I'm staying put.
Some have stopped selling but not all... Not yet.
Best gift of all, spending time with someone you love, even its for a little while. <3. FJM.
Not really :) I should... but I just love airplane wifi and there's only one way to get it.
RT : top of the morning to you too sir :) I'm on clock now at the #WorkHouse ttyl :) Be Safe. I get off around 5:30
#SOTU #Obama Ending statement: "The State Of Our Union will always be strong."
I know I'm a bucks fan so I'm happy. Id be pissed if I were you too. Was hoping for Curry, I assumed Monta was untouchable
Did Alvin teach you that?
In Silent Spring, R. Carson quotes Jean Rostrand, French #biologist & #philosopher, "the obligation to endure gives us the right to know."
I'm worried about the #Rox season...
We'll love you just the way you are if you're perfect.
Class act for sure!
RT : HUGE night ahead with !! It doesn't get any bigger or better than Jennifer Lopez
RT : How to build a leadership brand as a telecommuter? Prioritize 1-1s, phone over email, proactively reach out to team
We want to hear YOUR #HCG P3 tips! What advice can you share about any tips or tricks you have for #HCG Maintenance?
okkie goodnight c:
might be worth a roadtrip to Cleveland
I LOVE YOU MOMMY
well im having surgery 2morrow nd im scared ..... if jb were online nd we lkd i might feel better...
Anytime, B!
The LCC Faculty Jazz Quartet MICA Gallery, 1210 N. Turner Street, Lansing, Michigan 48906 4 p.m. Sunday, March 27, 2011
Spent the last hour watching old videos saved on my phone & took a trip down memory lane
RT "Get ripped without diet or exercise" I like the sound of that. Surely its not a scam
Two generations that were unable to go to bed without their stuffed animals or blankies now feel the same way about their phones.
Great message to wake up to. Thanks so much JT! Can't wait to see you guys soon.
How may days im go wait/How long im go wait/before u say we go date/when u go take the bait/but if u dnt take it i bet another girl will/RNS
Ah Fcking Hiccups !
HAHAHAH. "tequila makes her clothes fall off"
(Lord Byron) The great object of life is sensation – to feel that we exist, even in pain.
Good men are bad men that are good at not getting caught-download free- InSpotter app
And bed time. What a might.
Another decent TEOTWAWKI / Survival / Alien Invasion flick: The Darkest Hour.
watching it online lol....couldn't go to the movies so I brought the movies to me haha
good work!!! Love Gus and Sam and Jess
One 50lb bag!?! Well that's just my winter coat, makeup, and shoes. Oh gosh!
You should come see me in Chicago!!!
Probably more important than that. :)
Nothing like a Sunday morning workout to start the day!
i loved it! cute movie with great life lesson. I was sad to find out the zoo is all the way in Europe! Lets go in April!
Kowba: Our ability to borrow $ will b based on credit rating. Wall St. doesn't care about quality education
lol not no more
oh sorry, that's for me, gotta go. Took the Batphone off the hook, Commish is going to be pissed!
Building my new website...Byron- HELL!!! :)) Bella Fitness Group coming soon!! Changing lives, fighting obesity!!
If the GodDa*&ed I-Tablet can get me a Permanent Frakken job, that would be flippin awesome, otherwise: Jobs, Steven; suck-it!
it's about dang time you followed me! :o) You need to update your profile soon, huh?
Sleep>School
Even if you are afraid do it anyway!!
PCI rules say you should store the CC data securely. But it still lives in a database somewhere... Return/issue/exchange
Family time this weekend
Yes! Because the owner constantly fed him hot dogs. Poor guy.
In turbo mode...
“: Nothing really changes until you do.”
@ the Library: dearest co-worker, I am about to go home sick from the foul odors emanating from your person. please stop.
#ohdear! RT : To my fam on twitter: Not receiving any texts/calls as my phone is currently in rice in a ziplock bag.
What have you been cooking to use up yourThanksgiving leftovers?
Day 2 of dumb ass sighting. I had a guy 1st give me thumbs down because of my PBO sticker and then give me the finger
that's more than I did. When u r in the actual run, your adrenaline will carry you far too. Wait and see. Love your AVI btw. :)
Addicted bro? lol
Its delicious! But at 10:30 at night its not too smart :( Bought it at the bakery at the new H Mart in Hartsdale. (Korean)
I didn't think about that ugh
Should have went to the studio.... I feel like singing
Did your iphone demonstrate any warning signs before it died? I wonder when mine will blow up...
That's how I feel about the hyphen in my domain name, but now I have both! Bwahaha!
I hear the nba "MVP" ran away from taking a clutch shot like forrest gump ran from that red truck! To be the man you have to take the shots!
This is a all smoke screen by the politicians to get us all to vote yes on May 31
Don't miss Blitz tonight. Gonna be & awesome party for First Thursday. Food and Drink specials, Exit Demo, awesome Local artists and Lunatik
Take everything you like seriously except yourself. ~Rudyard Kipling
William = Yum
We like it! RT : I swear I will! Castle mega store. RT : you wont go. Lol.
How dare you fucking kick Ashley in the head.
then i like to have one hog at DT and one athletic type to drop into coverage etc
The guy who plays Tom is oddly attractive. and Mike. but he's dead.
Anyone know who are the best printers (from digital) and framers in NYC?
I'm freeeeeeeeezingggggggg
Not me. I'm a #BMOC. Haven't you heard?
Took an hour to get from 4th/Santa Monica to the 405 today at 5:30.
How do you tell your roommate "Dude, you always make the house smell like corn chips. Close your bedroom door"? Come on, April. Wanna move.
Just picked up taco bell and Ghost protocal...gonna try not to SLAM within 24hrs
"Engage everyone. Show & celebrate success. " I'm so glad #pep does this everyday!
Good to see you #CentralWaters #taptakeover last night. Sorry I couldn't have a drink with you. Another time?
Audience participation for ZeroTime Operations: bring vinyl feat. clarinet, synth, drums or bass guitar. To be incorporated in performance.
Celebrate #MLK Day with #HappyHour at Moe's! We have 1/2 OFF APPETIZERS & TAP BEERS until 6!
We comply with the HONcode standard fortrustworthy health information: verify here
Really? A hologram?
Working hard, so I can play hard, and feel good about the weekend! (test message)
Four qualities that make you an achiever: awareness, self-control, courage, and determination. How do you size up?
Today is National Dress Up Your Pet Day! What’s your dog’s style?
Who's going to be at #AWP12 ?
Am I the only one who tries to figure out how tall people are when i watch tv?
awww thank you dear! You're really nice and amazing as well!
It's really hard to do this project with every website blocked..
"Believe it or not, Americans eat 75 acres of pizza a day." -Boyd Matson, TV journalist
Cool! Have fun!!! :D
so I Wonder Wat The Annocment is
$FEEL.PK on high alert, trading +164% and big volume
;-) Sorry about that. BTW LOVED your presentation. Great ROI on your contest I'd say
Did something happen at port authority?
- I would say that, in general, the World is not having such a good day. My day, however, has started out pretty good! :->
": Handing in your final and giving the professor the "Aaron Rodgers Belt." TFM."
Coming up on Sunrise a preview of the President's visit to Albany & local residents head to Albany to push for GENDA legislation
In need of a manicure is an understatement.
See you at the ball park
Two: its said that men go through four stages in life, make sure you understand each stage and know where your man stage
Taking down the picture wall! It's been real.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness. :p
pimp what up big bro
RT : Sometimes I feel like 50 Shades of Grey is just one big joke that I wasn't let in on.
nice! I wonder if I know them . . .
“: Nothing like last minute "this is what we really wanted" changes! ” Wurd! next it'll be "Make the logo bigger" Blaahshshsshahshd
Happy New Year to all my Twitter Fam!
Hey everyone .! I haven't been on here in a min. But I'm finshing up the song stuck probably tomorrow .! Y'all gone like it <3 - Zaona :)
“: Heading to Home Depot to buy a cat trap” trying to catch some pussy? ZING!
I'm going to erase you from my life as much as I possibly can.
my dad's teaching me how to change my oil.
I hate clothes the color of highlighters and V-necks down to ur belt buckle.
Let me know time and place.
how about on your next off day
I have a tendency to pay more attention to the things that I need.
my pick for GOTY is red dead redemption hands down such a good story and crazy ending this game is amazing in so many levels
#RejectedFuneralHomeNames Dwight Fry's Discount Disco
what - is there an Avengers movie out with Emma Peel!?
#Kings looking so strong these days. Great to see. They looked so "off" for the first 3/4 of the season.
Watch your back !
RT : “A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.” -Charles Darwin
nothin much how you been....
"You just wanna take a faster ride..."
Stop the traffic. LET 'EM THROUGH. So who wants to take me to a One Direction concert...? ;) =)
With & friends <3 Exactly ONE WEEK until the concert!!!!
Wow that's dope. How'd you like it? They've got some great philosophy of race work coming out of there.
i am never ever ever going to be a chemist
That's the best thing I've heard all season! Thanks!
All DC Public Schools will be closed today, August 24, 2011 to complete damage assessment of school buildings.
Hi, I am looking for a short story editor to do the critique on first drafts so I can rewrite them. Do you offer services?
I loved having in Org. Behavior... He was such a trip! #ThatBoyCray!
Being a shallow bitch will be the death of you. Just saying.
I have to read over 300 pages by tomorrow. I was supposed to read in the summer but never did. Oh well
Smh im about to get real emotional
I do too. It's fun to hear ppl I know.
After months of bitching about the heat, I am now, in my winter jacket, about to embark on a hate campaign against the cold.
Perhaps, but I sometimes have problems with the racial identity literature. Have to emphasize structure too.
Must have been sweet! RT morning I attend the Mission Impossible Ghost Protocol scoring session.
": "People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." — Dale Carnegie"
I bought some Sun. night b/c I don't want the season to feel like it's over.
Sure, 8pm? You in Venice?
They certainly did. All kudos richly deserved…with bonus of celebrity cameos by !
The irony of that is that health insurance companies get to decide if they will allow someone to be treated.
thank you so much! I really appreciate the support!
I'll listen in, looking for one for myself to complete the iOS family!
Support your local Search and Rescue unit. Get lost.
Be on the look out for info about an awesome event that will happen next Saturday between 1-4, sponsored by the Greenleaf Review!
hey guess what, i don't care what chemical reactions occur in cheese making. i hate organic chem.
Screw not being 18. Could be out @ the club...
I feel like watching Easy A again..
are you gonna Skype tonight?(:
Hangin out in the park with alex. Watchin people fish in the hudson
Good Mornin' Today...Goodbye Yesterday :-)
I love huskies! Mine is named phoebe. 8 months old! I will definitely follow
Good Mornin DARLIN HOW R U are things shaping up for U
if Rondo gets a game does that mean stumbling and brushing a ref is = 1/7 of a crushing elbow to the head?
Someone just said: Believing in #Obama is like believing in Santa Clause."
The theory that Eastwoods character "Preacher" was a ghost in Pale Rider was also shown by his bullet wounds on his back.
my mom is judging me hardcore right now.
Pics of pet parade coming soon #dogs 🐶🎉
Good morning you guys. Up early to work on the cover of "Call Me Maybe". Going to sound so different from the original.
Hang in there man! Can't wait to see you in the NFL
You poor thing... :P
Think the Groundhog will see it's shadow tomorrow???
Amanda, your last name was in yesterday's NY Times crossword!
An OT, dear Lord, an OT.
you wit out me, is like corn flakes witout da milk!
Going to see with ! Catching the train soon! Woo!
#SAYSOMETHING IS NOW MY OBSESSION AND FAVORITE SONG!! <3 <3 *.*
RT: Anti-Meth Measure Clears Oklahoma Senate Panel. - In other news, 7-11 stocks plummet.
just back from Chicago. The Wii game is looking amazing! Get ready!
OKC, Spurs, Boston who ever they see 1st lol
I know. My eyes and throat are burning! Oh, the misery -- only about 8 more weeks of this...
It would seem that to certain people, "publicist" implies "someone whose work-life boundaries I do not have to respect"
Officially filed as a candidate for City Council!
Use two-sided arguments to make points. Approaches that admit multiple views R more convincing than a one-sided litany.
Just heard on #NPR: PD James's new book is Death Comes to Pemberley. Fave mystery writer in Jane Austen's world. Must read this! Soon!
Happy st pattys day. Have a good night everyone.
Not even close...
"Meg,daddy loves ya but daddy also loves star trek,and in all fairness,Star Trek was here first"
Canfield silences the crowd with completion to James Rodgers
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Brandon Roy is one of the great 'coulda-woulda' players, right up there with TMac, Jamal Mashburn, and Grant Hill
I see the love in disguise .
Hello, fall. Welcome to New York! Have a great Friday everyone!
IT'S THAT TIME ALREADY?
Be there as the puck drops on the 2011-2012 Rochester Amerks season tonight at 7:05 @ the Blue Cross Arena. Back with the parent Buffalo...
I spend most of my free time mapping out connections between exam readings. I'm teetering between "A Beautiful Mind" & drooling insanity.
Come out and catch our Friday fish fry and make sure you order lobster bisque and home made potato pancakes with it.
Haha okay! :D
of course I will :)
We had a great experience with Hawkeye Painters -- very thorough prep, very reasonable estimate.
Nope, I was at Leahs. But I made it to work on time :)
sweet! Hope you have an excellent time
Time to Chill with a Big Fat Bloody- on special today. JC
I'm going with shedding.
My deodorant melted in my gym bag. Welcome to Tucson in the summertime!
GRANNY GOT SWAG
Just Wrapped Up My Hair, Time To Lay It Down.
BREAKING NEWS - Trivia Question for chance to WIN band will be posted at 8pm EST - RT this tweet & follow
Going out without my parents knowing. #Swag. Or not ?
Great show tonight by Love this band.
On my way home to blaze been a long day
Eric Wedge only believes in runs saved by second basemen. RT : Not to pile on, but I think Saunders grabs that.
the "list" is that it is always presented by DeMaio in a manner that makes the ave Joe think "union" ripoff.
Im getting phone calls...heck Im on the phone now lol
Forecast for Monday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog. Lows 53 to 58. Light winds.
An #INSANE BLACK man is one who DREAMS of success without effort and with LOTS of material things, women and DRUGS...honey SMH how
I have the Timbuk2 H.A.L, and am very fond of it. Feel free to come see. (Also: TB2 discount via work. Nice.)
Nights in Paris used to feel so bright. Rather stay in my hotel, talk to you all night. Evenings in London never felt so sad..
go browns!
Jason McCann :""""""> can you victimize me?
Spent most of today reading history. Late Antiquity is important in the development of Mysticism in both Islam and the West.
Lakers won too lastnight feel extra good today
check out my new blog at: zinministries.org
I love Wikipedia pages for fictional characters.
You won't end up with a design like using landing pages and wireframes
Would love an opportunity to collaborate, and support your future threadshows!!
To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others. Albert Camus
Why is it hard for guys to tell us the truth from the beginning?
heck yeah
Are you serious!? Congrats boo! Tell Brian I have a bone to pick I wasn't asked permission!!! But I'm happy! Sad I can't see you
To do list: 1) Change Facebook name to 'No One' 2) 'Like' peoples statuses.
who's down for Saratoga springs back to back dates in June??
trust me haha
My perfect boyfriend is'; Clark kent.
.___. well this is incredibly late, but it was a very nice pleasure meeting on friday. c:
It is okay to feed your cats cheese right?..
good luck homie
This is the absolute worst timing to get sick :(
Oh he was. He also had mommy issues :(
was it your birthday? Happy birthday!
Watching WH Correspondents dinner. Do women in DC exercise? Have they heard of Spanx? Many ill fitting dresses.
your gone for good.
What is your favorite twitter app for the iPad? And why is there no tweetdeck?
Happy Halloween! :)
thinking about making another music video... wonder if anyone might be up for drinking in a bar sometime....
Idk Maybe You Should Try Folling Someone Tomorrow And See What It Say
Welcome back Trekkies and Jedi's alike for #ComicCon 2011. We don't pick sides.
aww *-* okay, just say me where do you live and give me your address and i will hug you while you are watching the movie
great movie have fun
Wish y'all good see what I see
Just heard a girl say "but I have three ipods, so... " and felt like my ears would bleed. Somehow they weren't.
Would play my music louder, but my little sis is spending the night!
Many a rain cloud has a #Silva lining. : Could be end of the line for him. RT : Red Sox release Carlos Silva.
Well I discovered why I cant get laid.... Im a butter face to a female's eye
Please resign and let someone else help the middle class!
Anyone else notice looked like he was on verge of tears for winning? LOVE IT
it says I reached my follow limit lol. When I get some more followers I will. Promise!!!
What a gorgeous day!
thank you!
Comedy show this Sunday @ Starlight Ballroom hmu for tix
hey you...will the single with you and cassie be on your new album?
Two weeks and counting till the move! So excited about our new place :)
Why was six scared of seven? Because seven ate nine.
Damn u Verizon stop teasing me with the could've been LA PHILLY final!!!!'
RT : Hosted #Gates Foundation staff at Rotary headquarters yesterday. Good discussions on continuing our work to end polio.
Feel so immature... But finished the scarf and am getting ready to start the next pair of socks.
so glad I finally went!
j'adore!
Seriously. Who DIDN'T see this coming?
"If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich" ~ John F. Kennedy
About to start the mini-Cage-athon of National Treasure 1 and National Treasure 2.
Again I hate to fly but in this business I'am required to travel a lot. And yesterday's scare was a bit much for me.
"Option 2. Pure awesome but a bit of work (which I'm happy to do)." From our programmer. <3
“: Over his past 11 games, Josh Hamilton has 9 homers, 21 RBIs and 18 hits in 41 at-bats.” ridiculous.
ask your mom if we can borrow her van, so we can be cool kids....*sarcasm* lolololol
pro-banking? really? I like that it emphasizes being mindful about money. break it down, figure out its value to you ( )
$100 to anyone that can get me either power smoothie, here comes the sun , or juice bar right NOW!!!!
Yes it is!! Don't skip the shopping! RT Yes! Shopping at is a must :)
ISML looking to run. L2 looks amazingly thin. Could easily see 100% or more.
Headed back to wichita.
but I finished a couple pages I making my Sis do the rest and she's actually goin to do it!!! Lol
thanks for the RT!!
On an train stopped for over an hour on the tracks in Upstate NY. Switch problem up ahead.
#valentinesday will yet again be with and for myself!!! Which is just fine, think I might send love bombs to friends tho!!!!
Lunch buffet 8.95 and dinner buffet 11.95 at New Delhi!
is it safe to say that susan b. anthony was a big lesbo
Got it & replied! Pretty exciting stuff!!
omg he is soo lucky cuz his father is gosh !!!!
I saw a Verizon commercial featuring... You! Unfortunately when i yelled, "KLITZNER!" Everyone thought i was a freak
Help: Need Valentine drivers now($8/bqt) to all NW towns. dispatch: 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
Pretty much living the day with a phone attached to my ear. I've spent most of the last 7 days talking and listening.
"It's a David and Goliath story."
Tell me who you got in the Celtics-Hawks series.
Damn near everything I bought today was PINK! I love it !!!
Hahahaha RT : Red State can get even more weird depending on who you watch it with.
snow plow just cleaned of parking lot..think it'll help? :)
I swore I would never smoke
Yes...what ae the next steps?
Well at least I can complain about this lack of stream with all of my dear WoSo twitter friends :)
I like Cincinnati .. but then I just want to get out of it. Its a love hate relationship. Hahaa.
haha. I wish.
That 3 by Pietrus was the best #Celtics possession of the night.
you just became my new favorite person :)
New ABC Family original series "Bun Heads" about ballerinas. Weird. Cutting room floor??
I'm on the road to riches but its just a lil traffic
It's Welcome Wednesday! Jan-Pro Sac Welcomes our newest cleaning client Summit Eating Disorders. It's an honor to keep their facility...
Thor, can U handle a possible penis fracture?
Sheriff Andrea Cabral: If people don't engage in the political process, they get the government they deserve.
Tulsa police helicopter circling TU, apparently looking for a white SUV.
So, yeah...you know ? They'll be at Craftin' Carnival! No big deal. Just AWESOME globally inspired & locally created cuisine!
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
I missed my appointment for a boob job.
Thank you Dave Grohl for keeping it real. Rock and roll for life!
check out those glorious east coast dates on our myspace page! <3
Ohmygawd the SciArc supply store is my happy place
At church with
so excited to see your most recent wedding shots!
I Like the Way You French Inhale ♥
just followed u:))
Lets go Huskies!! Destroy the Gophers!!
it was great seeing you last night at the U of R reception. Congrats on the Edd program. You can do it!!!! :-)
The brilliant Dutch composer Tristan Keuris had just begun the work I commissioned him to write, when he passed away.
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else. Will Rogers
No problem whay ed reed said about flacco
Any McCurdians wanna chat I'm bored as ever and it's not good to be bored on a Friday LOL
always thought Broncos LWright > Lester Hayes, too, but Wright never up for HOF like Hayes has been. Wright was the better cb.
i decided startin next month ima release a small mixtape every month while im workin on my full EP.then everybody gona kno i grind hard
watching the very thorough Mark Wallace on Creative Live
That might work, though I'm hoping to have a maritime flavor.
your soo lucky i've never been there!!
Check us out! www.blockstarsonline.com
Well I know that you are a loser so it's not a big deal
Yo... Those orange Os jerseys are blazin... Gotta get one!
I just so happend to look outside & there are these kids playing, one of them tripped over the curd and fell. I'm laughing so hard right now
Awesome is the Lord Most High! #Worship rehearsal today totally blew my mind! Talk about a #HolyMoment ! We Give You Glory Lord!
I am salty chris henry died
Playing it safe with my #MarchMadness bracket and predicting UNC to win it all. Anything but Duke please.
Stop bothering me. Thanks for your prompt attention to this request
I'll bet what motivated the British to colonize so much of the world is that they were just looking for a decent meal. Bloody right!
What u know about Young West on a tech track good looking Nate Free .... Stay Tuned!!!!!
Common now Bubba
I don't have an id. I'm still working on it. Lol
let's hope :)
Drinking game of the night: I'm doing a shot for every phone call I get regarding BLVD #ChocolateAle. It's going to get weird
It's So good!!!! You've Definitely improved :)
left!!! It makes you more athletic
I got to explain to a parishioner this morning why our Issuu-based e-Magazine wasn't showing up on her iPad.
no need for crashing... I'll need someone to get wild with me on the dance floor :)
I would like some new colors and prints as well.
credit is nice too!
Tomorrow= Burger night #Baltimore Get 5 SuperSonic Burgers for $5.95 after 5>Only@ 8212 Liberty Rd location>cant use w/ ot promo
SLEEPAWAY CAMP is so full of bizarre weirdness and freaky, memorable characters. No wonder it's a blast to watch the 35mm film with a crowd.
Former Spurs guard George Hill gets the start tonight for the Indiana Pacers in their playoff opener against the Orlando Magic
Taxes filed. As usual Federal is giving me nothing but I am getting big money from State.
I know the feeling. ;D looool
Katie totally should have let you know about the little gathering on Friday. I didn't have contact info for all. :-(
yes u got to install it. Its safe to install tho. Sorry I had forgot to tell u that.
Super happy I got to hear #saySomethin at the beach the other day! with haha
Hey! Happy
Spoke to crowd of 2000 plus last night and gave out close to 30 care packages! Philsfriends.org
wow convenient that i'd lose my ipod as soon as i get a new phone
Watching one of my favourite episodes, Lucy gets her pass(a)port
grossest thing youll see dude. Gonna look mutated
At Groves there are regularly scheduled social events and activities
hope you are well my friend - let me know when you are ready for some consulting!!
RT : Archdiocese of Philadelphia announces High Schools to remained closed until strike is settled.
Why do vegetables exist, they're so gross. The only green I eat is M&M's.
RT ": Poor Tebow ;( " he'll be alright tho. Hopefully he can play for his hometown or something. You can't pass up Peyton.
I have powerful ways of finding people, Marilyn. :-) Hey, are you also following ? I think you'd like it.
when #Blazers were down 37-7, was that the earliest in franchise history they had ever been down 30 points?
it's def a step in that direction. Only been to E.Africa so far.
... That is insult to injury and I am buying you a really, really, really big cookie.
Thanks ladies for the #FF shout-out. Right back at y'all and have a great weekend!!!
Haha I have honestly gotten that comparison before. But I'm flattered thank you! Gonna have to listen to more Butch Walker
why the f.ck am i still in chicago bored outta my mind learnin Spanish.
nothing wrong with a little disco nap.
This week need to go FAST -.-
yes, and I hate Kane more, but then that makes me hate Taker more because he birthed the Kane gimmick
Thanks for the promo on #TXScotRiteAccessLux!
Hey I want to win a pair of VIP tickets to William Shatner #InterConITK ”
If my class for writing a business plan is teaching me anything… its to stop planning and get to work.
"Digital brilliance has always come from understanding how to collaborate with very different types of thinkers"
I'm not laughing cause I'm actually crying on the inside.
Made myself a mega-sized ice-cream sundae that I can't finish....
This time #Durant put #JordanHill on a poster! Say cheese Lol
there were 12 congressman who change parties
Tonight tonight! El Cid. 4212 Sunset Blvd. We play at 11pm. Free as free gets.
If you're headed out on I-15, heads up: 3 right lanes blocked on NB I-15 at Rancho Bernardo Road. via
#IUPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :),
Thanks Blaque! Great to hear from my favorite female DJ on da planet!! I need to speak wit u soon. I need a big favor! Hmu.
Plz listen 2 K-Love right now every1! Someone just donated $10,000 dollars in Krystle Knowltons name! Honor her memory!
the public founding is coming from rent of the new stadium by teams not taxes
adele's voice still amazes me
but now I'm not because I know you aren't
They're all looking for you. You should turn yourself in.
need help finding a cofounder for a summer accelerator in Cincinnati, know anyone there?
RT : "PR is in the behavior business, not the eyeball business."
It sounds as if you've achieved your 'Daily Heaven' today!
The challenge is over after today, the future is now...
DO YOU HAVE SOMEONE TO ASSEMBLY YOUR HOME FITNESS GYM EQUIPMENTS ? WHY NOT CALL US ? EXERCISE BIKE, TREADMILLS , WE ASSEMBLY THEM - DC MD VA
You hear the one about the chicken who was too lazy to cross the road...?
hahahaha serious #BigFail merry xmas friend im so glad youre in my life (:
U dumb lol!! I ain't gone tell u, my boyfriend is trying to get u talk to his brother smh!! They want U girl :)!!
Save the Date! 9-10 June | RCS: "The Application of Craniosacral Therapy to Optimizing Visual Function" by Ingrid Bacci, PhD. Details soon!
When did Alex Witt start preceding #uppers ? I thought she followed
me too plus it wouldnt make sense requesting stricter drug testing if ur at risk of failing lol.
Love the concept (and name) of DIY's Blog Cabin. Viewers not only get to vote on features and blog about it, one gets the house at the end!
Without it, Resveratrol would degrade or be filtered out in a shorter time. It’s kind of like a natural time release mechanism.
Applied new layers to my Foxtrot and Waltz tonight. Ballroom dance is very difficult and very satisfying!
so, if yer a NYYankee fan, do u ask: why cant #ccsabathia pitch every fourth day
How you gone get mad wen I unfollow but you wasn't following me???
UGH! I can't shake this cough! :-(
Back from #Bonnaroo, how are you?
is even worse! lol
yeah I was told that this morning.
Oh dear, so sorry I'll be missing your session! You'll be sticking around, right? We can talk afterwards ...
Your New Album is Amazing :P
Ready for that "all over" tan - no lines... in T-4 days (I am going Sunday)
Tell that bitch to shut up.!
You're a Mean One Mr. Joe West
OH DANG. i forgot. i'll try to get it donne. c: i've been ever soo busy, but i've got all this week off.. so i'll finish it (:
“: There are 4,503 regions in the US where more than 3,000 people share 1 dentist.” <<<Pathetic 3rd World Country in Health Care
I fucking hope #angelina leaves!!! Stupid bitch!!!
I miss you too and I'm doing good what about you?
Free? We aren't just in business for handouts! :) RT : I want a free shirt. Please and thank you.
AMEN!!! That is a SAD FACT... Choose you friends wisely
THAT'S THE BEST PART RT : and I just wished each other a Happy Mothers Day and we aren't even moms. lol 👍
Anyone have the link for
Very intrigued with Mike Myatt's thought process and blogs.
*looks between you two* there's something wrong with Al? Yea, chris is very smart *smiles*
RT #indy this is round 1, round 2 with damaging wind, isolated tornadoes, and hail is still developing out west. timing 1pm-7pm
There's a Titian exhibit apparently.
Damn I like the way that you move. FEMME FATALE
Is that the one with the Dimler amendment?
yeah, I guess this is how you win all your debates? You have a weak constitution.
He'll probably make an impact this year and Jacksonville really needed him.
congrats ! You've won the $100 J Crew Gift Certificate!!!
that's not what she said
yup I finally did it lol
. CONGRATS on being on the NBC National News tonight! I'm sitting here watching and I was like "HEY, I know her!"
move columbus to Mke
the list is up: 40 Food Trucks battling at Food Truck Wars March 31st at Oviedo Mall
So long day session with tomorrow! 6in heels gon be the newest smash! Let's get it!
. things that need to be done are critical. just stepping in and shouldering obvious burden.
Hello Mr.Wood xoxo
I want to mix up the angel food cake batter I just got and eat it straight from the bowl.
You learn something new everyday.. Today's lesson: up til 1979 there were only 75 games a season in the NBA. Today there are 82.
Surfing on the strip
So she's brilliant, gracious AND friendly? Great to have you at MKE, Joan! Happy travels.
Hi Elvira, we'd like to hear your reflections on 9/11. "What were you doing on 9/11?" Book proceeds go to charity.
Remember to get your entries for the caption the photo contest in by 3 p.m. today!
I'm giving away coupons for free ice cream to kids at the library and kind of feel like a "hey kids I have candy!" creepo.
Mom:"I brought you to my work so that you can skip school." Me:"Thanks Mom, I love you but can i just run around the bulding and dance?"
I want to be in Vegas watching the fights live with my wife, like Stephen Moyer and Anna Paquin. I love that happy family.
You fucking lucky boy, bitch hahahaha. I live in a shit of Spanish island and I can't travel anywhere, so I can't meet her.
DISNEY WORLD tomorrow! #thatswhatsup :)
just Chicago! I'll definitely will! You rule!
Dimon: please ask for bailout. We as a country are so divided, but we'd sure join together as one nation to tell you to go f--k yourself
In addition to Lilly & Desiree, we've decided to promote Denise, Dani, and Brittania for all of their hard work, dedication, and enthusiasm.
This dude over here walking like he got springs in the soles of his feet. Like he's about to do the long jump trot at any minute TO funny!
DONT DO IT. I'm pretty sure your brain will just xplodz.
We had an overwhelming response to our Blackness writing contest, and will have the stories finished soon. Thank you for your patience.
spot on
I was expecting some hot ass chick or something :/ lol
Serving up 2 for 1 bervages all day - poolside! 3 more days left of the week....who's excited for the weekend?!
The fiction novelist in me empathizes with that statement. Cheers.
There is still time left to get better TODAY!
aww boo. :( what's the recovery timeline?
Been on the range, played 13 holes before dark a week ago. Played good for the rust on me!
1. That's fair. 2. That's true. 3. That's offensive to Canadians from Canadia.
I need to have a moment of silence for my favorite red skinnies that lost their life in the washer this morning. Sure going to miss them...
I'd bet the announcement of Google Drive will net Dropbox a few more users, much like Facebook Places led to more attention for Foursquare.
Too cute. Thank you so much!
Thank you for tweeting my article on !
I wish I could be like Kate Upton. She's fucking beautiful.
Oh, thanks Francis! We are def enjoying it.
GO GO GO MAGIC Do not let me down
:( your tweet is true
thinking about traveling to the Philly game in June #SKCchat - other than that, beating the Fire :)
Malibu. Not a cloud in the sky.
Don't you hate it when your in class and the teacher looks at you and calls on another kid for the answer. HAPPENS ALL THE DAMN TIME
everyone please follow my dear buddy > she is very helpful, sweet, and cool
One of the scariest parts of knowing you survived the day, is realizing you have to do it all over again tomorrow.
Was at The York in HLP last night...good beer but not worth being talked down to by bartenders. It's Highland Park, guys...NOT Silverlake.
this is a nice surprise. Something worth watching while setting the bar up. Thanks.
I've decided should just have an afro. Like plain + simple + pretty obvious.
#lrnchat as empowering a group of learners to work together to solve a problem and define the steps
I hate people
dennys is the spot.
I don't where to go eat...
no problem chris! will try and listen in for a little
Do u go to #Shine2011 or #TPC? I vote #Shine2011 at w/
you're gonna see some different stuff from me this time around though. You'll enjoy it
so proud of HIFI last night. we killed it all.night.long.
Drop in anytime and leave anytime during our #FirstNightAkron shorts -- each stands alone.
Today is going to be a boring day 👎
Time is the movement of thought. Beyond thought is the timeless domain of spirit --Deepak Chopra
Very late dinner at Cafe Sphere, then home.
Planning to make it. Thank you! RT : You're invited on the bandstand at Rockwood Music Hall Stage 2 at 10:30!
What's good wit you ...you must be a late nighter as well your pic is very pritty
all new Kate Plus 8 tonight rocked my world...Not gonna lie
U guys look like Cat In The Hat :)
Excited to be game! Found out one of the players is from my hometown!
Go get 'em. Do you have any of your sermons on You-tube? I'd like to hear one.
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your opinions of Diet Coke? Ping back for more info! :-)
ANOTHER DAY STILL DREAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD (: <3 4
Our lens is vulnerable & easily clouded by the world we live in and people we encounter! Change IS in the eye of the beholder☺
My Safeway Recipt: 4 bottles of wine, 1 bottle of vodka, disposable shot glasses and jello.... Oh man this weekend
Working on some new songs, should be hitting the studio with Dave Cowell in a couple weeks
hear you ! Not the time to go running now.
how is she gonna talk about you if you're there?
Why!! “: I'm not going to school tomorrow”
#show voice over commercial 4 text message code wireless n #pagercodes iphone app Java Web OS App Developer
Not a fan of the Two Buck Chuck, sorry.
I'm really pumped. Glad I waited to see it!
good for you !
basic bitches <<<<<
I will! and thanks, it's good to be back. You and I are boomerang librarians. WE can't stay away from AZ.
...it's hard to feel the rush...to brush the dangerous...I'm gonna run right to, to the edge with you...
ya hitting up the park?
Early night in as my brain/body still recovering from intense but truly informative conference/training at this past week
Hey! Who just called me Fatty McButterpants. That's not nice.
Cool, Didn't know they had an app.
ain't hating! love it!!
i'll buy you cookies when you move as some...welcome to the neighborhood treats!
I think deserves credit for being 7 years ahead of most media outlets in addressing student debt and our generation.
#denverleadership Ersek "if you make money you can give back...and drive shared value"
#flyers tonight with bob in net...this guy is going to be amazing in net tonight i know it
Acting is my religion, and "Actors Companion: 99 bits of Craft" by Seth Barrish is my bible!
you kiss your mother with that mouth? sounds like you're drinking that sour milk.......hahahahahahahaha :x
When I'm in a bar with over 100 craft brews on tap and hear someone order Miller Lite, I can't help but think WHY ORDER THAT!
I missed any tweets from the NAHJ conference in Arizona. I needs me some highlights! Any coverage?
. 's three L's of learning: Learn, listen, look.
Do they sell irons at the plunger store?
Won my first Emmy last night!
it's never over.
First of Session 4 at #TEDxMid is , director of Patchwork Nation.
and receive benefit by conversing with God. Bl Theophylact
Biking in Buenos Aires? Why not! Great post from
How do u look suspicious walking down the street talking to ur girlfriend on the phone? How do u feel threatened by a kid? Ur half his age
Is it just me or did everyone's attempts at April Fool's Day jokes backfire? #BUDailyFreePress,
hey honey!! I called you back!
Mixing your Vulcan & Jedi credos. RT : It's Star Wars day!!! May everyone live long and prosper!!!
i made alot of tears.. i dont wanna make no more.
RT #Aries would rather lie than be forced into something they dont want to do. I.e. I already cleaned my room Mom. <-- FOR REAL!
you prepartying before ignite? :)
Lets go #Heat !
Friday Family Fun Night Plaza Branch is Civil War-era toys! Each child will make and take home a toy from the era. Starts at 7pm!
tell me about it! im gonna buy a bunch of cups from taco bell some time and stock up a keg full of it or something lol
I just spent an hour on pinterest pinning delicious looking foods & desserts
line of the day Al Sharpton on GOP candidates 'They All Have Baggage It's Just That Romney Has Enough Money For Bellhops To Carry His'
lmfao people actually do that..?!
The are with us on the show today! Watch for your chance to win tickets to the Allegheny Sport Travel and Outdoor show!
Agreed! Good coffee makes everything just fine. . .
yea, I just watched it for the first time. It's like steven spielburg was like eff yea, I'm going to make shit up screw indy!
How bout dem Bucks??
2 DAYS UNTIL AND I GET TO SEE YOU
Us too, we are going to have the AC on full blast!
I think we defintiely might have something for you! Details?
Today went great! The Angle with art-enables.org
LASIK post-op visits with your optometrist are essential! GW is the only place where it is mandatory for our patients to do 1-day post-ops
But I wouldn't mind it being cotton candy flavored... (Sorry Emmie, apparently Jaz and I are very TMI-minded)
Will someone please turn on my snooze button? #UpAllNight so send sleep remedies for Sleepless in #Chicago! #Yawn!
don’t rush me...oh wait, its a blitz talk, rush me all you want!
Dolce & Gabbana Light Blue is Great!
Marilyn Monroe's ex had fresh roses delivered to her crypt 3 times a week for over 20 years
We will be playing a 21+ show October 11th at 3 kings tavern in denver
i hope so
Do you know a child with a congenital heart defect? Show your support by joining the Mom's with Heart team at the Heart & Stroke Walk on...
Hey someone should come scratch my back for meeh ?
Why thank you!
RT : RT : Thankful for another Client! provides excellent piano lessons #asheville #hendersonville!
Congrats to all those get that paper that matters, that graduation certificate. Proud of u all!!!
there is a difference between being tan, & looking like you rolled around in nacho cheese doritos...
Especially what they did to Rose...
why is it that on the days with GORGEOUS weather I really want to take a nap?
eating disorders posters
I'm thinking the wheels of justice turn very slow here in the juror pool
Snap yo! RT Careful, sometimes they will blow up on your side, too.
Well, someone said granddaughter..but mostly everyone thinks she's tied to VP somehow. I think maybe witness protection
Confession: one of my favorite recipes is a peach cobbler gotten from home ec in the 8th grade.
Gears 3, SSX, & Mass Effect 3 are in rotation til May when "Max Payne 3" & "Ghost Recon: Future Soldier" drop
Yes. See earlier tweet. RT : It's 10:30. Have you received your first anger inducing email of the day?
Start-ups shine in Hollywood
what happened...
Thanks 4 the offer. Pls forwrd your email adrss for your FREE e-book. To purchase copies :
I think he just put brown sugar in honey BBQ sauce nothin crazy lol
If auditioning and constantly letting others go ahead of you because u aren't ready yet, it makes you look weak and not ready!
i ran 3 miles today. it sucked! - eugene
if the weather continues like this, i'll have full-blown spring fever WAY too early in the year. not good.
First time Adair saw me play basketball and she almost ruined my career
hopefully soon Mia is getting ready to give her an eviction notice
Seattle. Fuck yeah.
lol. You know it always happens in 3s. Just stay out of the music industry and you're relatively safe.
Experience Jamaica Campaign Good for Jamaica's Tourism Sector: Speaking at the Launch, Minister McNeill described the Experience Jama...
- one idea is branding a hashtag - one you love - depends how large the network is.
we talk, its hard as hell to get conversation but i listen and ask when he says shit. hes really talkative
Hey! Sorry to keep bugging you, but am I one of the people receiving a tshirt?! ;o
In love with the shirt today! Makes me want to have a pet ice cream cone!
Hey, why not change the #mla12 #funrun to a "fund run": run for #mla13 travel $ for adjuncts, NTT, grads etc.?
Dreamt I waited for for 45 minutes and then the store collapsed before I got it... never been so mad
Curmudgeons can be interesting too. i always enjoy reading him.
Casey!! We'll miss him. Send good wishes his way.
hey miranda I love you so mush please answer
I hope you are not referring to for yourself because he is mine.
naw sweetie we gonna be live
Everything in the universe has rhythm. Everything dances." Maya Angelou
It is strange that is going after Bo Ryan and #Badgers for restricting Jarrod Uthoff. This happens a lot in college basketball.
Again, Tuesday Plays: (Seton Hall -11 = Red Carpet Play), South Florida +6, Kansas State -2.5, Illinois +9, Bobcats +3 NBA
#drugreactions: If you need to take multiple #medications, consult your doctor about possible side effects between them.
Come hang out on Nov 17th at Skrappys with , us, The World We Knew, Inhale Exhale and The Browning!
I am starting to feel as if Notre Dame might not cover. Additionally, I think they might be the worst team ever with 20 wins.
not sure needs to do anything different -- creators should just think about UX before adding widgets+use appropriately
I probably would have argued that. lol
HEY GIRL. WADDAAAAP
finly back home were i belong now its time to cheak the candy my cosin is sleeping over tonight!!!
#HEATPlayoffs great game to watch after the half... I hope Bosh get better quick
Luckily im in a great mood or id be super super super pissedddd !
I'm gonna be off twitter for a while and bask in sadness. Bye guys. Oh & this is my 10,000th tweet so here ya go
not near enough, but I'll take it.
Jones, the student loan director from your bank
Todays news highlight: JFK banged an intern. In other news, I like beer and Bacon, water is wet, its hot on the sun.
At the Evergreen State Fair in Monroe. Our booth is under the grandstand. It's almost 90 degrees. I'm done like dinner. Literally.
Up and at it early again!!! Serving up #poke in Milpitas Ca, farmers' market!!!
he wrote pick up lines in the journal .-.
that brian mcknight thing is hilarious
Sox throwback uniforms reminds me of Phillies :-) I love the Phillies def. not as much as Sox of course!
Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it.
It's a sad day in Hollywood as we've lost one of this centuries most influential & biggest icons, Dick Clark. My condolences to his family.
fine dining at Pink's on Melrose tonight c'mon.
"Cheat on your girlfriend not your workout." #notfunny Man what a lucky girl I am to live in this generation...............................
I LIKE BEING AN EMPLOYEE especially when selling a service and the Owners and Associates and Tradesmen are delivering par excellence. It le…
FL Republicans reject E-Verify amendments--acknowledging they lie to voters to get elected.
“: ...pleasing everyone is nearly impossible, But pissing everyone off is way easier, and fun as hell” :) Pissing off, easy.
Drunk people+ fireworks= garage explosion(:
Happy Anniversary to Sofrito For Your Soul! Felicidades!
I loved it! Wasn't it a nice time?
Yo Starlin, when u dive for a ball & don't catch it hurry up and get back on ur feet. Don't lay there like a beached whale! Thanks!
always love the coca-cola christmas adverts, they're my favorites
your tweet me sometimes sexy
Does anyone else have trouble with the 110? Difference between timer during my run and sync results was 4 minutes!
Blue sky's today.... We have apartments ready for you to move in today :)
I m a environment researcher...i had to go to many places but actually i m from Las Vegas
No prob. Don't forget to send me your 120 character bio too :)
My pleasure. Up early to work on a preso and procrastinating. Must turn off Tweetdeck!
your choices in television seem to be top notch. Tell me you have seen The Wire in its entirety and you were fascinated by it.
I cant stop cryinq ive qotten no sleep n im n the hospital.! All of this is my fault im sorry everyone for all the pain
I'm hosting a regular food truck festival in Downtown LA every weekend. Think you can help or put me in touch with vendors?
Goodbye #relayforlife Relay ....here 26 hours.
Who Will Save the Sane?
True & an aspect I hadn't thought of - bridge btwn readers. Fan/reader reviews. I'd been thinking of Booklist and such.
That reality when your coffee cup is empty and your out of coffee. Well, time for a #whiskey then
where's the orange?!
“: I'm too sensitive lol I'll never get a boyfriend.” you are! 'You guys would be cute!' 'You saying I'm fat black & ugly?' 😂
Love this from : Kurt Vonnegut once wrote, "The practice of art isn't to make a living. It's to make your soul grow."
The new concert series will start soon. Keep an eye on our website, for dates and venues.
Might be addicted to rasinbread.
Now are sounding tight! Love a band with some swagger. Thanks for the onstage shoutout!
Obama not Constitutionally qualified is illegally in White House. His views on anything - irrelevant.
Bored,Back Hurts, Pissed, and Alone #awesome at least im not dead
yikes! Hope you're ok (physically and emotionally)!
Just added the newest Unifire circular saw blade. It's for special ops and has some great features.
Now that Eoi, testing is done all we do is watch movies. :) #nowwatchinghop with
my bad im following now
two teens in a red apple were taking pics with a nikon camera... weird
Yum! Glad you liked it!
" A man is usually more careful of his money than of his principles. "~~Oliver W. Holmes
Nice blog post. Each one of us is a better person for getting to know you Steve! :)
I've joined the production of "Up All Night". Proud to be with an amazing cast & crew, especially , &
Sposato: Get the data right; you can change the VIVO display; better to do that than falsify underlying data for better look.
I concur golo!! Changes need to be made!
why let go ? Dumb! Not happy!
MIST is great!
FINALLY in Utah!
Sorry 4 not tweeting cross-conversation. It's really good. Spencer Tickner of BC suggested common publishing, lots of agreement.
“: I always start my day with a clean face but a dirty mind.” lol loves that
Save me a Slice!!
Well, on to more craziness! Dually inspired by my new friend TED.
Haven't had this much fun in a long time - really has his undies in a bunch now!
U Cant Touch me in dat ~! Whatchu kno bout it ~?!
well.....I'm kinda I'm Austin. So y'all can have lunch.....lol
Just talked about Hockney today. My class decided his iphone drawings are the new mail art!
*coming back to the house* *packing the food and preparing the cooler for drinks*
why thank you! it was fun.
Test baby. Aw yeah.
that is awesome!! Did you take this?
Why did I just fall off the bed because of this dog? Bed hogger. -_-
A:It can do nearly everything from preparing resource files, to encoding coversions to localization QA tasks. Defintely in my top 5 tools.
Chill my mom had something yesterday
DAYLIGHT PONZI SCHEME: Yo. If we set our clocks back every week, we'll keep gaining hours. You're welcome.
All these bitches going at 10 mph n not using turn signals n shit. Fuck you so much.
it was jumping around 99-02 now that was some real
Taking Riley to get spayed
Please report! Very interested in hearing more about cc:
Rumor on twitter is that Harrison Barnes is going to make an official announcement later today...
Today was the most amazing weather in Coconut Grove for a park party!!!
Is Vince McMahon watching this?
Jacket or Trip to LA ?x
well ok lmaoo
The CIO Wears Two Hats: Isn't IT Enough?
this is about to get interesting..
Ryan Grant baby he's back 7-0 Pack!!
i see,but who's your man ?
Berryfolks far and wide! Strawberry flavor is @ Fenway with Original and Maple-Almond! Try it with some Taza Chocolate on top, it's back!
Love really dont cost a thing but life do
I'M GONNA CRY SO MUCH TOMORROW THANK GOD I DON'T WEAR MAKEUP
"Why'd ya call me today with nothing new to say. U pretend it's just hello, but u know what it does to me to c ur number on the phone."
You can make a difference. Support Local Independent Businesses. Make some change in your local economy.
ABC has GOT to let them have a reunion movie/special in a few years PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
Here are some of our top picks for the best quotes of all time on business:
Lottie's Lounge - your Columbia City lovechild.
have you ever seen cats the musical live?
Can i get a bag?
IM SO EXCITED FOR TONIGHT, LOVE YOU!
Yup. I love it. Shirtless <3
No problem. Looking forward to seeing the show.
Cowboys schedule about to come out. Fired up? Indifferent? (Taylor)
I remember when chokers were cool.
Catching up on #lastmanstanding with the parentals. Actually a pretty funny show.
Greg Monroe, Luis Scola, Lou Williams, Andrea Bargnarni, JCrossovers Tat artist
im calling the police!
i dont even know if i should go to sleep or what:c damn
Curious how you discovered this? RT : ha ha! Google the word "Askew" and watch what happens.
Being sick puts the kibosh on weekend plans. Ugh.
Issues come all the time, they only remain when they're given attention.
Agreed RT Jean Desravines: change in laws is not enough, there has to be a focus on execution and implementation
You can't call someone a whore while your boobs are hanging out of your shirt, and your ass out of your shorts.
My dad is so weird but then he is grand also haha
HELLO THERE]
Steelers vs Ravens! 9/11! It gets no bigger than this! HERE WE GO STEELERS, HERE WE GO! #NFL #SteelCity #CityofChamps! Lets get it!
I don't like to repeat myself. If you keep w/ the same nonsense then my next response will be me cussing you out.
just got a shout out from the pilot on our #jetblue flight. already the best flight ever.
Hurry up and wait, the name of the freelance game.
is bombay open on sundays?
Thanks for all the good luck wishes everybody! :)
good morning
oh my god study i took it today bombed it so bad.
I got out of mine cause my major was horses... so I just had to ride.. :)
Stop your freakin preachin and lying. I dont wanna hear it! When i wanna hear it, ill ask you. Until then, shut up.
im always here to talk<33 and okay! :)
Thank you! So glad to hear from you.
Someone folded my underwear into tiny squares and they smells like pure clean magic. Only one reason why drop offing laundry rules.
Knowledge is power
Andrew Ference is unreal! Don't forget your teeth behind the net, Neal! Karma for your teammate's embellished acting.
Naps are amazing <3
When your mom leaves you at the restaurant....
Hey guys! We just got most sizes in for our Captoes (White, Brown, and Black). Up Next: Wingtips! w00t!
Nick Nolte is a walking PSA for Cocaine and Alcohol abuse.
RT Looking for a rooftop in Nashville for a music video shoot tomorrow. Anyone know anywhere I can use?
Almost all #Birds require more than just seeds to thrive. Variety is important. Feed pellet diets w/ proper supplements.
Wow! The sky just opened up over Miami! Much needed rain.
did they have a player representative?
I don't need the class! LOL, boss thought I might bring techniques back to my preso class!
scratch scratch sniff sniff
To its best Sunday performance of the season and was the No. 1 trending topic on Twitter in Canada
My t-shirt idea for #BBN: 8 is NOT enough!!!
yeah Doug you been neglectin'..
Ha! "Like all smart women I started my quest for a new man, knowing I'd soon be quitting my old one."
sets the tone for the stock market. Should sell stocks or sell short for profets. Season of the BEAR started weeks ago.
thanks ....let us know what u think
*This is an unbiased, favoritism-less congrats to Badger Nation!*
omgg I didn't even know :o how are you?! & what time is it there?!
No. They still sort of mystify me.
Typing "penn st. sex scandal" into google doesn't seem like proper word association. Now will try "penn st institutional irresponsibility"
Bunbury rest looks
Unexpected right!?? THanks ;) RT love the looks! grey and yellow look really good together ^_^
Thank you for such amazing storytelling. With fashion, even.
it would help if we were getting more hours. Crappy job.
thanks to your amazing hairdresser
it only sucks sometimes but most of the time it Just blows
solid point. and omg im dying.
One thing I've noticed (even amongst writers I love): what's with the hate on semi-colons? There are absolutely times to use one, I think
lol but im pretty sure,their after both. ;)
Free Berry Chill if Devin Hester Scores a Touchdown! Go the following day for a small yogurt topped with Hester's favorites!!!
How often have we said that before?! MT : ... Now if they'd only bring in Reveen...
Hours- M-F 11am- 4pm fri and sat nights 10pm-3am. I work and cater various events in which I may close any of those days
I support obama for 2012 and Shaq for Sherriff
It was so obvious, I could feel the chill! Great acting, great writing!
Vernon Howard~ Your central self is totally untouched By grief confusion desperation.
Chill thankin God for life
i love your idea...maybe I should work on that as a side project to see what I can do with it...hm :)
Help, I need an intervention for my ridiculously loud typing. Anything I can do to my laptop to fix this?
I live by the water. I want a one man sub.
Looking forward to Real World Go. Then bury myself in appengine and related.
Great week @ Training Camp & Sponsor Summit w/ in Rancho Mirage. Gonna be a great season!
Great game by Marcus Davis 20pts and 14reb and good contributions from , and .
I want Avicii's Swedish fucking balls
I hate waking up early when its still dark out :/
Four hours of sleep and two glasses of sangria and I'm out of commission. Is this what being a mom is like?
In order to be an #entrepreneur, you got to be little CRAZY!!! Lol
I like to keep plastic containers for take away lunches and for storing nick-nacks that litter my drawers.
Will b jamming to ROBYN & katy perry tonight!!!
I absolutely hate that melange. Drives me nutty that so many restaurants only offer that veggie option.
drop-down arthritis?
That is great! Thanks!
um up wit my bitch cuz i luv her her name money s/n da early bird gets da worm Gm Twitter
Where you at?
I thought I saw emergency lights near Main/Rangeline as I was coming home, but I turned at HS back into my hood.
Goodmorning! T.G.I.F
It's National Bike Month. Did you know that in 2011, Greensboro was ranked as a Top-50 Bike Friendly City.
Sat at dinner w/ lady judge from Cameroon, lady lawyers from Nigeria & China & other internat'l lady activists. Time for me to globetrot.
Good morning all! Doing some #1940census #indexing arbitration to start the day.
Much work as you do, you must be closing in on billionaire status, haha.
Just to let you know, your shit does stink. It stinks like shit.
did ya'll see that video that was done by an 18 yr old of cancer patients set to Stronger?
How's it going bro?!?
It's weird how I had a dream last night of the school flooding and now I look at the news and rivers are flooding.
It's a pleasure to meet u Joe! I've been spending more time in the booth than online lately. Catching up on social media today
Baby, baby, baby, oh.
RT To all politicians who claim to have written a book, I would ask: "Please talk about your writing process." >>GREAT Q.
I think ' own could be two degrees away from a Liverpool Director of Communications appointment.
Looks like the Broncos gave up on Tebow even before the pre-season started....
