God is moving you to a place where you are not only confident in your paycheck but in your faith.
I love giving ppl advice.
Would love 2 see crate themed boxes w/ sandwiches & being at the Getty, you'd need a special star bit to open them up
No one is noticing that im on twitter YEAH BUDDY!!! ;D
Apples and peanut butter over everything
Rondo should start looking for the cheapest flight back to Boston. Save time.
i don't do these stuff, if u want just follow & ask if u don't then u don't have to.. i'm not here to gain a million follower
hate feeling nervous -_-
#YouKnowHesAKeeper when he doesn't watch the new episode of #NewGirl without you :)
Crazy, I parked in front of a Subway in Oregon right now.
There is nothing luxurious about a 3hr car ride in a Jaguar that has no AC and it's 88 degrees.
me to kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
This night can move right alongside Fridays as a popular evening to go have fun with friends, and meet people.
Let's go
I was just excited to upgrade from cassette to a floppy drive. So much faster.
Ya know,it's SO hard to like someone who only sees you as a friend. Every time I talk to him, I hope he'll ask me out..that'll never happen
yea I go for personality
Happy Birthday beautiful, I love you<3
Never pregaming again..
GO FOLLOW AND I'LL LOVE YOU FORWVER
Layed out all day and went shopping good day 
I was wrong...Manning's in Denver but as much as I'd like to be I'm not totally conscious free about it.
Bounce bitch bounce bounce
lunched on soup and crackers so I can indulge on burger jones and cocktails for dinner
Update my mac to lion and lost my old photoshop elements.
what do you think about ESPN saying that texans vs patriots afc championship game
I know what I want and will not settle for anything less than I deserve.
Nicest passport authority goes to #AmsterdamAirport. The agent said he couldn't understand how it was possible that I was traveling alone.
Yeah buddy
I love little kids, they're soo cute
On this journey that we call life, It's the ups and downs that shape who we are in the end.
I Cried When Luther Vandross died.
LOL! Excellent,and thanks 4 the visual ;) RT Every time I hear "clean coal", the idiom "You can't polish a turd" comes to mind.
Pretty sure I just traveled 10 minutes into the past... No one believes me. All of your losses.
Pandora needs an option saying, I really like this song but this cover of it is horrible
I love u Danielle
Let the madness begin! I've got 4 brackets out there, one has to pan out, right?
No its not, you drinking the wrong brews lol RT : Beer is gross
I wish I had seen who did that fck shit lol
It's not about what I get out of it. For me, it's about you. I want to give you a chance to ask questions & see what it's like.
direct message me
I'd kiss Coco before most of these women out here anyway. Lol
Looking forward to having you back! RT : Thanks! Looking forward to getting up there again soon!
RT Stay tuned to SUCCESS.com for exclusive behind the scenes reports from The Women's Conference 2010, featuring... http://
tried to book 2 rooms for June but was transferred 7X & beyond frustrated with your staff. Terrible.
Teens find museums boring if there's not enough to do. They want to be active in mind and body
OMGshREALLY !! My husbands work is on heavy restrictions for expats&any travel&they have a 72 hour hold on any pepps returning2usa
How else will RW qualify for jobs? MT Few poor service sector jobs? Will a McDonald's open too?
Dick Pepperfield: How did you learn to play basketball? Jackie Moon: I saw it on TV a couple times, I thought I could do that.
#ff We share a passion for the CREATIVE in SE Wi. He's been most reciprocal.
did you ever find a spot?
Which shirt?? And you should just come down to the Showroom because I have New Arrivals in not yet posted on the site.
Check out this week's issue of for some amazing local gift ideas...including #seattle #sushi stunner SHIRO
yeah i dont have my phone so just tweet me when ur here
Feeding pigeons to reinforce bad habits in front of restaurants I don't particularly care for.
With the Rose injury, #Bulls title chances drop from 15.8% to 9.8%. #Heat rise from 25.5% to 30%
ok. That's what I'll tell him. It is kind of a "now" thing ... I wonder when the new Gnex will drop?
I heard the 3D is good, but I only saw it in standard. Not a big 3D fan.
hm....phone???? Is that possible to disconnect from your phone?? Prob not, since son is at PAX all weekend. Keep tabs-ya know?
fun bike-beer trip around SF, last minute. Marina, North Beach, Hayes
Mom:his liver is bigger than usual is that ok? Me:its a merrill liver It can handle anything!
#ForTheLastFridayof2011 or #TheLastFridayof2011 needs to be trending.... Like now!
Great meeting you last night! So glad you guys liked the pie!
The later it gets, be drunker the winners are...and the viewers? Esp these Louisiana guys.
yeahh we are technical difficulties we should be back up next week
just listened to your songs on your site- Great voice!
Off early today
gonna head out soon!
Thnx for the follow Ryan! I think I've seen one of your videos. You're a hot guy :P
yo how can i get you some beats
Bow bow bow bow
Patron wants ADA computer. We're checking the length policy.
Seriously! And now I live in sunnier climate, so it'll probably happen with more regularity...haha
Awesome to catch up with 2 of my fave original DC buddies tonight thank goodness for !
Winter has finally arrived. Bundle up!
what's worse is when they ask you for them.
Youk should've been exiled a year ago.
Changed password and deactivated it. over it. 😒
Just got back from the Boston fair - it was hoppin'! Best go before they run out of books.
effie's funny! I like how sarcastic katniss is about her in the book xD Effnitch ftw
It's Thursday.. #SorryForPartyRockin at Cowboys tonight. RETWEET!!
Your Boyfriend video is AMAZING !!
Just giving you a hard time. I try not to be an asshole DBA.
naw we ain't even been friends cause your mean ass!
Alan Carr is so freaking funny omfg
Really? It's been sunny and beautiful here for weeks and weeks. So sorry to hear it's raining in the Alps.
Time for Netflix without Starz. Let's see if I actually miss much...
Yo that was a good fight Mayweather did what Mayweather does and Cotto brought it but ran out of gas late
tommorow then i dint gotta go to skool!:-)
Dear paranoid people who check behind their shower curtains for murderers, If you do find one, what`s your plan?
#tweet #tweet. Wut up #world and good luck to all #athletes playing this weekend. Wishing u safe injury free
he is so flawless and perfect i think i'm going to cry
VICTORY! EBSCO appears to be back!
I get up every morning determined to both change the world and have one (heck) of a good time. -E. B. White
Inline @ smart&final loading up on treats 4my office vend mach;lady Bhind me:"omg do u eat ANYTHING healthy or do u have kids?"
Just panicked that couldn't name the planets in order but I knew the acronym. RIP Pluto.
So excited for a three day weekend.
Actually, it's me all the way from Wisconsin. Sorry...
follow back :)
#americasgottalent just ruined don't stop believing.
Me to!!!! ->RT : So excited about your new show'!
Am I the only one tired of hearing about the iPhone issues? It's got a 30 day return policy, if you don't like it, get something else.
But I took your matches, before fire could catch me so dont, look, now..
yeah sometimes I have to turn twitter off and hide my phone. Sleep is worth it. Tweets will be there after your beauty rest. haha
": #ifonlyicould Camp out outside Barnes & Noble on a school night to get wristbands for the boys' signing..."
When looking to localize keywords, use a foreign localization expert to find keywords as not every culture searches for the same concepts.
dude I didn't dance with anyone ether
you are the most amazing contestant on THE VOICE.... #TeamJamar for the win.
lol dude, did u post it already? And are you suggesting that I should post it myself? That's what I meant
Are you guys having another festival in 2012? Stereo Space would love to be a part of it.
Have any of you chosen to celebrate this day of love by sweatin’ with your significant other?...We mean working out together of course.
*starts slow clap*
bought some ding dongs for (:
I admire your gym dedication! Hope to get back on my #safit grind soon! :)
oh, I know. This'll be round 2 (out of many)!
I get really excited when I see blood.^^
I'll be there!
your eight year old is fast!
Doing laundry for 3 people is so NOT easy, or fun, or quick... I still have 2 more loads :s
I have a feeling I'm gonna get ebooked out in the next 24 hours. But it's cool.
My room is so clean! It's crazy!
Clickbank Scams? - How to Promote Wellness Through Hope
Thank you!
Loved tonight's episode but what's new other than the episode itself. This show is so awesome!
blake is doing better, just really sore.i read your email just havent had time to respond, i promise i will tho :)
You just made me chortle in public.
At this point I wouldn't be surprised if Marion Cotillard was playing Poison Ivy
Tx 4 Learn at 40 MT! U might like my book
Tomorrow marks the middle of the work week. Wednesday is a great day to stop by for a $10 shampoo & set 6320 Winchester Rd.
well i love metallica and marilyn manson and i like you too! :D
little band out of San Francisco called A B & The Sea. Playing to an empty bedding section of the store.
- I guess worst case scenario is you'd have to sleep out there...you'd be alright with your smoker and top notch home gym ;-)
It's time for Friday Blue C Trivia: all of our conveyor belts move at different speeds. Which belt moves the slowest of all?
results. NO CREW ELIMINATED. Everyone is safe. RNG and FannyPak live to fight 4 the title.
Watched The Avengers again and spent 14$ for the same movie
best route to go ! They're a piece of cake.
Bout to get these dreads did gotta look presentable for my new job :-)
The only place I've ever felt really lonely is in the delta in the middle of the night.
Funky fresh dressed to impress, ready to party--
done, where r you folks from?
Send them to signup pg they might get waitlisted - No slackers allowed. Maybe U should give them extra credit.
what ya number
Ladies, I can't complain about the "duck face" pictures. I sometimes do the "pre-jizz" face in my pictures... so it's chill.
Oh no. It was just a few mins ago. My fault.
Of course we're thinkin of ya ;-) We're planning visits around your live shows. We'll do it eventually.
I think you mean new lion Sahar. Not Sarah.
am i the only jewish person on twitter? #whatisthis?
Early is better than late!
I saw that report and wanted to retweet, but had 2nd thoughts...
I just washed my own car at the car wash it was awesome!!
Packers love USC. (;
Don't forget to tune into TLC @ 5PM ET/PT today & catch #BoBNow Speaker Kirk Rossberg on "Fabulous Cakes."
147 years ago today #America ended legalized #slavery yet the struggle for #justice and #equality remains. Honor
Good way to spend a Monday night!
Planning to may it out there to you June ...
The idea is to look at the important parts of your life - work, family, personal and imagine what would make this year your best ever.
This is the art of courage to see things as they are and still believe that the victory lies not with those who avoid the bad, b
Dear mom. its a song, not a new life choice. love, your innocent daughter.
hell yea bro nothing like standing in long ass lines waiting to get on 4 rides lmao
Oh noes! Hope you have a good flight back. Great to meet you.
Thanks for the follow
works at JPMorgan. RT Damn. Lost my wallet. My license, credit cards & $2 billion in cash are all gone. That was just sloppy of me.
Shopping then party? I think
Oh, North Korea, no you didn't!
if good looks could kill,you'd be a weapon of mass destruction.
never had bad hair, and no braces, or glasses, so have I hit that stage yet? Lol
Just curious! Do you have a favorite collection from your archives?
i'm sure you are.
When you love someone so much it doesn't matter the bad things he does.
don't be callin my cousin gov out like that hoochie
Words cannot describe just how amazing Allstar Weekend is <3
I wish I wasn't so full so I could get a turtle sundae!
Who in the PDX Tech community do you have the most respect for?
Thank you!
Hey #RIM! You fucking suck. Why don't you just buy all your customers iPhones and call it quits?
My dad is mexican but he doesn't speak much spanish either.
What you think is the top, is only a step. -Seneca
You are welcome, Thanks for following me. I didn't tweet much.
Thank you for the follow! I'm following back and look forward to gaining more insights through your tweets.
I like that!!! RT : Is there a whinejohnwhine site? John White is Ben's secret weapon
Do it! Do it! I have been stuck to my laptop since it started.
we'll do a better job nailing it this time around (got some good props and settings at this TT)
How do you feel about the SAG-AFTRA Merger?
Pervasive games can do amazing things, but only if they’re amazing pervasive games.
He so mad he unfollowed me lls thays how i do. No one wants to here that crybaby shit. Dont run ur mouth for no reason i wont say Nathan 2 u
So....next up ACORN?
Rico Muerte will be playing Free Tulsa! at 7pm July 29th on the Blackwatch Stage! Come out and Support Rico Muerte and Full Circle!
Yayyy :) ill text you soon im with uk who having a bonfire :)
<tap> <tap> Is this thing on?
That did help. Thanks.
TOO FUNNY!
Have a great summer students!
Time for some quality time with my boyfriend... The pool... Who i need to break up with ASAP
Nahh you dont have to beat up anybody for me yet..I'll deff hit u up when i need u tho ;)
Playing guitar at Good Shepard Lutheran in Dundalk this morning - then off to Virginia to pick up Mackinzie
Sunday's #alamw12 Auditorium Speaker is author - starts at 10am in the DCC Theater & John will be singing afterwards
I hate overuse of cliches.
<333 thanks that means a lot!
Super Size Me's on with in ten minutes. Tune in to hear what his new project is about!
Kurt Thomas has the field to choose from. Amnesty names beginning to float around and Brandon Roy is targeted. Who will sign Nene?
perfect. See you then
Happy 4th of July, do not drink and drive!
YT is a huge search engine - you should want to show up there. Native FB/WP/Tumblr video displays are terrible, not easy to share.
it would mean the world to me if you only retweet this :)
thanks for the follow! There are a few proud Hoosier alum and parents on our BOD!
Crazylegs, #badgers Spring Game- lots of fun on 4/28! “: Hope the next few months fly by! Is Spring game pretty fun?”
Systems librarian tips: Always remind them what you've done for them bc they will forget if you don't.
Where are you now?
Nap time .
your boys? hahahahahha
we in the lab today yo
Come stop by and see us at #EXHIBITOR2012, Booth #768!
The laptop sold for just $396! You missed out if you didn't bid on it but we have more deals coming up, check it out: www.dealshow.com
Just a reminder to keep checking back as new rental listings are being added everyday!
#cxo is a total firehose today. Loads a good stuff and even harder than usual to keep up :)
RT () Tweet using hashtag #FessJazztival when you come to one of our shows over next 10 days
Getting things started with &
At carol of lights when testing the mics, a student yelled "MASTERBATE!!!"
That bit*h said Im hot...I said no bit*h I'm blazin...
Crazy! What was the trade?
off to La! Laker game tomorrow! Hit me up LA friends I'm in your hood
Planning a finale party for #TWDFinale. Can't wait!! Just finished Compendium 1 last night. WOW.
Bipolarity- it's the price of liking to read news and facts.
Happy New Year to you as well! May God's richest blessings ALWAYS be yours. Do GREAT things 4 the King in 2011!!
www.houstonpcguru.com/biz if you want to make bucks!!!!
as long as you are the best square you can possibly be ;)
that has always been my problem - next record will sound like Parsons produced by Lanios.
because you ARE a badass!
so do you you not like signing to bad boy?
glad you like! :)
We've got tonight, who needs tomorrow?
Need a new iPhone
HOW DARE YOU SIR. HOW DARE YOU.
Psalm 128:6 May you live to see your children’s children— peace be on Israel.
Perfect on my bracket so far
lost my phone last night.. oh well. had a good one :]]
I love her.
What happened to Leroy from "The Last Dragon."
#thingsthatpissgirlsoff when you go out to eat with them and they think you got the whole bill and you tell them you not paying for them
You made me look, and they're totally PG-21. No worries!
Merry Christmas!
Hello :D
Choosing to fuck #ThatHoeNamedBrittany without a rubber now
can we please get your GSN user name (message it or tweet it to us) so we can credit you 100 Oodles for your retweet?
#Thunder have absolutely no consistency.
BLUE YOU'RE MY BOY!!!!
Hogan set to lead TNA, says it will &#39;focus on wrestling&#39;
I was making fun of me. I touted them in the blog post. :)
Thanks for your feedback, we are always looking to improve and look forward to seeing you back.
A poster actually sounds like a great idea!
Congrats! Can't wait to see you there!
Even our six year-old instinctively cringes at the sound of Scott Walker's voice.
like seriously, i'm still "OH MY GOSH-ING"! Such a good and exceptionally creative ending!
Life can be so good,life can be so hard...whatever comes my way You'll be with me!!!!!!!!!!!! Hallelujah Praise Jesus for that!
Just hit 1500 tweets!
So much drama, in such a little night. Amazing how some people can be so blind and senseless. It's all so unnecessary.
Bitch ur not Cody's angel go sit in the corner !!
Classic RT : I'm in shape. Unfortunately, it’s a circle.
#RealNiggas drive with the seat back and one hand on the wheel
great meeting today (thanks for lunch and the tour of Rashid's show!)
I c u my nig thx u 2 r one of the funniest
I wonder why Brit Hume doesn't think that some of the Dems for #Santorum are blue-collar Reagan Democrats? Many live in Ohio.
ok, mind reader, you stick with your "facts."
Good morning from #sxswi , where a techno-remix of "Cotton-Eyed Joe" is forcing the conference room awake.
Call out the army! You need a brand new war 2 lift your spirits up! (That won't alarm me but do U think we should send troops 2 Panama now?)
Bryce bryan they are all the same thing lol
thanks - glad you're enjoying and team's work!
Haha. And one big time out like you're in kindergarten. Fuckin gay. I guess I'll just skip on my own.
can I pick water?
we going to make a snowman if their is enough snow
it'll be fun! and it's an excuse to get silly in fancy clothes!
when text you and you answer "haha k" "kay" "cool" THAT SHIT ERKS MY NERVE SO BAD
Hey buddy thanks for tracking down that Spotify invite. You're the man!
I'm here for you no matter what, i swear, and i hope you that!!
I love seeing many different things in it, I can definitely see the fighting fish. It's pretty and pretty-smelling!
Find Foreclosures Nationwide Coverage...
Are u a parent and have a kid going to prom? Check out my story tmrw night 11p. I went shopping,the prom styles are shocking!
i can't even focus on my hmwk. i keep coming back to twitter...
Caching easier for non query params as order of params can't be different in the current API. Vs equivalent ?x=1&y=2 or ?y=2&x=1
Happy mothers day to all the beautiful moms out there especially mine.
AMEN! I owe you a big ol' batch of cookies. Better yet, I'm buying you dinner, Amy G!
#fridayreads i am reading The Call by Yannick Murphy again. I am in love with this gem.
did You watch the boyfriend video ? Lol
I am :) you'll see more of me though. Touring will be happening again after my sister's wedding! (Aprilish)
RT : So excited for today's launch of ! Who's going to give bikes a test run and let us know how you like it?
*now following*
oh sure, now I feel like a whiner...
no kidding!
I didn't know you read Weekend Reading! Flattered beyond belief.
2011 Travel Expenses--approx. $2K. 2011 income generated from writing--approx. $200. Mamas, don't let your babies grow up to be poets.
MnDOT East Metro Engineer Adam Josephson says if POTUS signs St. Croix Bridge Bill, construction could begin in 2014 and finish in 3 years.
Fuck this Bitch
that's what I was trying to say.
my ipod still isnt working. #waah :(
REMINDER: If you're anti-abortion and pro-death penalty, you're just being a dick.
Another interview today!
It's 1pm and I'm averaging three beers an hour. I rule at life.
New Keurig has arrived to replace the one we wore out - Coffee is back on at Paragraphs!
Is this bad all of the time or is it mostly the #Penguins broadcasts? They seem especially sloppy during the Pens telecasts.
Happy New Year (2010) everybody.
Had a lot of fun with the "Legalism" instruction today.
Sorry about that! Must have been a glitch. It should be up and running now. Thanks for letting us know! :)
For some odd reason I always thought Bryce Harper was a pitcher...
can we make cash donations and save the trip??????
Book signings and Holiday shopping right around th ecorner
Our focus is to provide... those 21+ with safe, urban, upscale entertainment
I Cant Wait To Get Yatted On Monday!!
Only 39 days now! Glad you're as excited as we are. RT Countdown to #ncore2012 in #nyc....42 days!
Went to the gym, showered and sitting out on a beautiful sunny day all before lunch
"Wait what? That was ours! You stole it!"....and who cares?
thanks for making me laugh on an almost daily basis! :) "screencast the semantic web"
right? but it feels too low tech. :)
Didn't think I could do it, girl. But I sure gave the treadmill a whirl! For 30 min. I walked very fast. Now everyday I'll remain steadfast.
M-M-M-M-M-M-M- #MAYBACHMUSIC!!! Just touched down in Georgia, next stop #NorthCarolina.. We gon be
good & busy
im in this bitch with the #MoneyTeam !!! we got7 lambos outside,we got bitches by the pool.. #AllstarWeekend dont want it lol
No one likes me /:
A real nite owl....Me
Can't get you outta my system
Because all bright star, one day have to leave to shine, thanks for your beautiful voice. RIP Whitney Houston.
That awkward moment when tye tribbett gets mad and starts chasing after you.
Eating dinner at firefly. I would hate to wash dishes at a tapas restaurant. So many dishes! Lol
Raiders or Denver ???
:) RT : Crawfish proliferation is a wonderful thing!!!!!!
i watch it simply because i enjoy the pain
Just reset the password on here! Finally able to tweet again. Haha big things soon.
Couldnt agree more...im the same way.
Great. I'll add folks to the list, which you should be able to follow. It's called "Emory PhDs." (Creative!)
When you wave at someone & they just stare at you like your crazy. -.- I just go..WELL then!
it sucks I know
Happy birthday!!!!
We've picked the Flying House 2012 participants! Stay tuned for more info.
In all your getting get understanding-without FAITH its impossible to please God. We at it again..Glory2Glory!!!!! Thank you Lord Jesus
Interesting. From what I recall of the initial ads when it came out, it seemed more comedic
care they the vocational stds?
Alan Silvestri's score for THE AVENGERS just arrived in the mail from
thats good, let that b a motivation fo yu.
There are a lot of cars in Florida with that color changing paint. I would look awesome with a couple coats of the black to red.
Really could use someone to talk to 😔
I hate getting a movie from the red box and it sucks :(
Was just accused of "leg bombing". Should I be insulted or flattered?
in my efforts to maintain sanity I 1) pack for an hour each day + 2) try to not let The Move become a 3rd adult in our home.
Apple Mushroom Turkey Burger - Better Fitness Daily - Try this healthy variation of the classic burger made with turkey, onions,...
Okay guys!! Imma do this by band First round: Motionless in white (and tj is not included, he's in get scared)
": I'm not perfect but I sure as hell aint a half ass Mom mmmhmm" Hey props to you. Phrase of the day
im quitting twitter. BUH BYE. love you all<3 ill probably fail. but whatever. byr for noww
Brunch with family/ then a bus back to NYC for Babes at Sea rehearsal. What a wild weekend! Glad to be
Today is starting out to be very shitty
It also comes with a coaching session. Make sure you use it and they will show you alot more that you can do with it.
its good to see your tweets as always. I still keep thinking about that amazing whiskey at your place.
Who wanna take me to eat?.
This block party this year will be a downsized venture, tell your friends from out of town not to come
Shiny blue eyes... What was your name...
YOU'RE SO SEXY! Hot Damn; HAPPY HOLIDAYS LET'S CHEIF A BLIZZY! (;
that was a disaster/success. Some girls like to dress up nice....uh well some of them. Obvs not us. #good times
You guys have jobs?????
Sometimes, the people who are thousands of miles away from you, can makes you feel better and smile more than people right beside you.
Kardashian/Humphries wedding is such a PR stunt. No way that guy scores her in a million years. Nothing against him. Just wouldn't happen.
We have 10 designs right now in our "pre-launch" but will have many more in our grand opening. Sales now help us get there!
if you got problems say it to ma face, we can knuckle up any time any place. - Yung Joc
u just added you on Facebook. I just deactivated it thou. I only reactivated to add you hah
I did not fall asleep family guy simply pawnd my mind
not really..?
Welcome to #TitleTown!!! Sacks and Superbowl Titles in future.
rainy days like 2day remind me of standing on our wooden bridge &having "sticks races" w/ n the rushing creek
Lately everyday has been chill.
So I went to Roosevelt/Canal today, and stayed there for about a couple hours. Saw LOTS of very cool Metra and Amtrak action!
Don't let people's compliments get to your head and don't let their criticism get your heart.
With my pal the great at the tonight at 8 pm! Avengers is sold out, u waited too long, come see us.
Oops, forgot: Italian Beef. BINGO!!!!!
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE!!
RT : hires people into positions that can grow with a small companies structure this is incredible
The shadow proves the sunshine
#prom #prom #prom #prom #prom thats all i see
Talk about your dissertation topic to people who will listen and help you reflect on it. It helps to process ideas out loud like this.
WOOT To all our followers!!!
seeks fan fic
well not that I'm not enjoyin u. But I must get dressed an go eat sumthing. Hav a gr8 nite sexy!
Yeah, a reason to laugh at the VP, but not because he says stupid things. LOL
Money on mind....Tell me whatchu thinkin
Fourth and last AP test.
#ChiCityCouncil voting to approve infrastructure trust right now- will pass.
*slowly raises hand* RT : WHO WANNA BE MY TWITTER HUSBAND ?????????
happy to be part of it
Today's Metro ride: offloaded train, no working arrival board @ MC, and a climb up 80 jillion stairs @ Bethesda. AT PEAK CHARGES. FU, WMATA.
me too! Well, Racine County anyway, I went to Union Grove HS! ~ Allison, Online Media Manager ~ what year did you graduate?
so exciting! Have fun ladies, miss you
Ayers:"DH can lead by building bridges to older things…the traditions of our disciples…we should not use a rhetoric of displacement."
#FOLLOW - looks like fun! :D
I was impressed at how loud it was though! :)
Wag1 Dudes & Dudettes ;) Have A Good Day/Night All xx Remember..Follow Boy's Gonna Go Sky High..Join Him Now =')
Katherine Jenkins and Mark Ballas better not be in the bottom two tonight. They should win #DWTS! Good luck Katherine and Mark!
How much is that stuff though? My health care wants $287 for my trip.
nahh I've watched a few episodes but I don't really like it.
How much?!
#iu fan or not, kilroys is the place to be tonight
so did you get to go flying today?
Bosh's injury is gonna hurt miami
About the contract being agreed to
"salmon fishing in the yemen" is one of our favorite films of the year! See it if you can!
I made it! #SDCConf looking forward to the next couple days!
Bryan-"daddy u gunna have to stop being so mean!" Jo-"I wish I would've been mean to your mother then I wouldn't be sitting here looking ...
CampsAgency a brand new booking agency in NY! New site coming soon w/ additional artists.
Thank you! You're so encouraging!
No pool time with D;
i just barked at the pizza guy
when your LFG for fleet flashpoints you have to stay on the fleet and spam general chat. takes me out of the game.
Thank you for the referral. I'm actually seeking an affordable software package for the PURL creation.
You are sweet...thank you. Great job to you well! #okiegirlsrock!!! : )
girl GOOD LUCK today! I wish I could be there this morning to see you. Now we'll have more time to hang! Holla
what was so different??? lol
No way, the 70's was the worst era in Fashion by far
Have you ever had a hot dog with spicy chili sauce, yellow Virginia relish, chopped thin sweet onion, on a steamed bun? Warning: addictive!
Gonna miss you guys. Off to the Motherland(Dominican Republic), got family things to take care off. Gon' miss New York.
"Sweat is liquid awesome." Yoga is 10x better when Carly Rae, Etta James, and the Beastie Boys are involved.
Tiger's game looks like it may be coming around. You may be right.
Carson Palmer not getting the job done in Cincinnati. Three picks, two returned for TD's. Bengals go down (again) in Pittsburgh.
The reason for Existence is that it acts as a vast mirror of contemplation by which God my behold God. ~Ancient Rabbinical Teaching
Playing "Would You Rather?" with a bunch of degenerates all day.... I love my job.
dude just completely left drew carey hangin after he lost.. Held his han out for a good 4 sexonds and did the #awkward pull away
he rocks a lady hair do rt ": Let #AGT begin.. woooot Howard Stern rocks."
And that pussy soo deep i could of drowned twice...
watching the show made
I'm sure the "you too" was directed at me, at least _I_ read it that way. I'm closing my eyes right now. Sweet d r e a m s
A sincere "thank you!" & hello to my new followers from today! , , , ,
Hungry ass fuck
47 is way too young.
GORGEOUS day for an outside run at lunch!
We are having a major snow storm here in Park City - I heard road is closed from Salt Lake City - careful what you ask for?
Fun Fact: Only 3 countries in the WORLD claim a net export of royalty payments : US, UK, and Sweden. Why Sweden? Abba.
see montreal and paris before boston.
Thanks for the awesome feedback! Hope to see you again soon! “: Had a great lunch today - the cowboy salad (steak) ”
My family reports that we have power! 42 hours, 15 minutes off. Not too bad.
Mr. B
chillin in Jefferson City Mo.
Finally back from Washington. time to ruin my life on my laptop again :D
How u guys like the NEWEST EP of iNickelodeonShow? Anyways thanks 4 the comments,we really appreciate that! 'iCarly' is amazing!!!
Watching Cranford, a quality member of the "English people talking" film genre.
Tornado Breeze in Georgia.... yuk...!
i'm running over to get a Cut Throat of my own. that's practically in my backyard!
Wow.. I see how it is.. Fall asleep and everyone in the house like, forgot about me ! -. - fml.
What I am finding is that clients want what they want and if that means they are going to wait a longer lead time for product then they will
Hiding In Princeton's Fro, Surfing on Prod's Mohawk,Double dutching with Ray's braids and Wearing Roc's Hat ♡
Maybe this is a chance and a sign from what Ive told you before! :D THEN maybe Mr. Bennett will notice my work one day! :D
Ah. Typical Friday the 13th for me..
Heading to Old Chicago Eagan with Sara and Tessa from 7-9 tonight Weds. July 28th. Sampling several Schells brands and Grain Belt Nordeast
G.M.N.I.: In the Old Country, they call me Joaquin Quanito El Tio-Papi de Cafe.
LMFAO men hold yo women... Women hold yah wigs
": You never quite know how idiotic people are until you work in the service industry. #truth" this is so true
Facebook sucks.
I never had a boxing blog. I don't think. But I did ask for one, considering the 6-7 year run the locals had.
lmao ppl b stupid
thanks for taking interest beautiful. It means a lot<3
Iono where my team been but s/o to #hometeam stand up
wtf!!! why aren't you working???
ARPA-ED will work on high risk, high reward projects (like DARPA for military).
Talking heads making a big deal of UK shooting 60%... if they give us that many lay up opportunities again it should be higher this half.
God Save the Queen (Queen).~ ♥
God Bless You MCA.
I swear my life get weirder and weirder everyday..
Yeah that's good advice. I think once life's a bit calmer I will have a go. Itching to get one idea down.
I have been natural for ______________________! (Please fill in the blank)
Dear 'cuse, plz stop raining on all my planned outdoor activities.
If you know you are going to fail, then fail gloriously! - Cate Blanchett
The dance is a poem of which each movement is a word. ~Mata Hari
at the mall with the family which means imma go crazy at Hot topic with buying so much things!
Have yo admit I'm enjoying this cold snap
those fags def video taped that haha
I'm looking for the details about the Open House and activities. Was it today or is it tomorrow?
i love you,you're my inspiration.
#1 - Why in the world are you awake?
SXSW launching in the midst of a torrential downpour. Let the storm begin!
At a sleepover :)
text me <3
ha! RT If you walk down street covered in powdered sugar wiping nose in any other city, you'd get arrested.
haha definitly. i had those bad boys movin this summer working at the Spring. we will be doing that in tampa together
Another question: what happens when bottle tax revenue falls short? City sucks at projecting...
I make you laugh & you make me cry; I believe it's time for me to fly
Exactly he's gonna bring me with him so that's what I plan to do just soak up game imma be a sponge pahahaha
Haven't been feeling like myself for a while...I hate this feeling
So now all those sexual predators online can just say they are DEM and all is forgiven?
I want to sit on his stick but he sleeping
i hate life.
The 2012 Orgeon Wine Awards evaluation is this weekend at Waverley CC
I feel like I've been coasting so far this month. Next month I need to get back on it. Like project new portfolio and blog.
Please come! Maybe we can meet somewhere in between? When are you planning on going?
BRGO =) Shes gonna explode, epic run starting! BRGO $$$BUY ALERT$$$ Expecting announcements Per last PR of new acquisitions and 3Q Fins BRGO
T-minus 17 minutes until the next round of shoots. Silversun Pickups is pretty great prep music btw.
is baklava on sale yet?
I think that's a rape whistle on her hip
#ifwomendidnotexist i would have decided to keep my virginity but women do exist so u know
Can somebody please do the world a favor and give Adele a hug?
While I appreciate the sentiment, I'm getting annoyed by all the people saying "Happy Mother's Day" to me. It's very presumptive & hurtful.
so seeking to ban oral contraception in statewide bans (like they tried to do in VA and MS) is not a #waronwomen?
The lakers vs Clippers;) Let's go lakers and let's go Kobe !!!!!!
Can someone Google+ me? Want to do while on vacation...
RT Saturday night we have a killer show at with & 10pm!! (via )
RT 3 more days & the ORIGINAL HOUSTON FLAMENCO FESTIVAL will b here!!
SHAVE ME . SHAVE ME NOW
": you and me both girlfriend"i want u
Rockwell in Los Feliz. Mwah. Enjoy that bastard detox. Oh how's nancy treating you btw?
Why, thank you!
Outlaw cast consists of ex-dexter cast
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/22/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Looks like we know who he stole this from RT Seperating the colors from the whites. Man doing laundry is so racist.
It likes you back!
R.I.P Dean Mead, hero forever <3
Am I the only one totally loving the Pacemates' playoff jeggings?
Herda: At the end of the day, what the big guys say goes when it comes to policy.
Exciting News! I set a Goal early this year to achieve Queen's court of Personal sales. I am so close! This is special b/c when I achieve i…
Armond White sat in front of me during the "Moonrise Kingdom" screening. I seriously felt honored.
I can resist everything but temptation...
your talk on left over microwave time is seriously a lost episode of Seinfeld.
I can't even cook a frozen pizza!
RT : 2011 will be known as the year when consumerization of the enterprise took place
I wanna Skype! !:D
Stella just sent herself in a tizzy bc she just farted so loud like a human that she thought someone was messing w/ her tail.
damn I shoulda come and kicked it with y'all :)
Friday night, I had a dream about a bug in some software I wrote earlier in the day. Monday morning, turned out be correct. Weird.
Wow, Kobe with the Left hand Booyaa!!! The done Pissed the Mamba off!!!
I love that girl.
In an effort to combat the bullying epidemic in our country, Adventure Theatre held a Middle School 10 Minute Anti-bullying playwrighting c…
Nice to know I'm not the only human in the world with a Gomez Ranger jersey
RE: Toys in libs. I wrote about the historical timeline as well as social/economic conditions that made toys in libs possible.
Of course, this lil tidbit is to make up for devouring my body weight in chocolate since lent ended. On Sunday ;)
Good afternoon everyone.
in your ass
State passed supplemental spending with 350K for Boston Public Library ... it would appear the branches are saved for all of FY 2011!
Somebody should come over.
i seriously need a trip to soon. i think that may actually take priority over my trip to vegas.
If you need a shoulder to cry on, pull off to the side of the road!
3 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five!. Go Jollymen !!
"Bryzgalov has been huge for the Flyers this year" -said no one ever
Follow back?(:
an open mind is like a sponge:)
looking forward to the coverage of with playing at the house of blues boston this friday!
I like having a front camera on my phone :)
It's pretty awesome. And even better now that it links with Fitbit!
story of my life last year 😜
SO ANNOYED
Eurotrip is one of the funniest movies ever lmao
Exactly! My role might require me to know what is going on with a group that I don't necessarily "like".
hahah, thanks! I'm just so glad grad school is over :-)
that's too bad...have you seen their home videos before kids? Kate looks so happy...and calm!
I'm jealous, I can't wait for the reviews!
How was your camshows and your day, Anita?
Smell my finger!
Your prospects and customers EXPECT you to have a #SocialMedia strategy in place. It's where they talk, and you listen. #WSSMiami,
"I'm up, and it's 2:49 in Texas!! #cantsleept"
moral of the weekend: buzzing your head by yourself is much harder than you would think
Hey Madison :) You know what would be pretty amazing and probably make my life? If you followed me :)
While smoke detectors are more sensitive to detecting smoke, heat detectors are more sensitive to temperature.
Delegations have begun: Lucille Shoop tells the Board that they are not giving up. She highlights the importance of FLES teachers.
A good promo by Jericho, but there's no need to bring up Punk's past for this feud.
Pinehurst! Get your tix for the Pinehurst Wine Walk at our store! The Wine Walk is this Saturday to bnefit Food Bank of Central & Eastern NC
nothing beats off-brand cornnuts!
Out to play ball. 🏀
Come out to Cities tonight for Fight for Children's NexGen networking happy hour!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KRIST!! :)
Feels like Mexico right now! Settling for 2 fish tacos and a Jamaica instead;-)
facts about you.. (:
huh? Lol anyways he's gay.
Music music music..the medicine of the future.keep it positive good things happen trust me it works for me. To wake up its a blessing..
I replied.
Shana Tova to you too. Thanks for your kind words. Likewise :)
Bullshit! That's a fumble.
Finishing a book is just like you took a child out in the back yard and shot it. Truman Capote
**Cell News** Verizon to dump UNLIMITED plans for EXISTING 3G cusomters who have to switch to 4G this summer.. bastards..
YES!!! RT : RT : Great chance to begin day #4 of Voting! / just voted, can I get a sticker that says "I Voted"?
Yes it is pronounced "Keeeeeeeenwah"
Patterson: a strength (talent) is repeatable, predictable, and demonstrable
Everybody keeps saying "happy birthday old man". The "happy birthday" I like. The "old man" part, not so much lol. Thank y'all
Yeah, biding time till iPhone 5 I think. DX2 is nigh unusable.
The best love you can make is the love to your food because it's all internal.
We all know that equals 6.
There are so many incredible websites, shesaidpics is your avenue to open the door for a quick view and then go to the next one...
It got worse
iPhone internet tethering might be the most valuable discovery on the tour this summer..and how many towels can fit in the washer at once..
Interested in teaching English at home or abroad? Want to develop professional skills and get valuable work experience?
Thanks for coming to my talk. Glad you liked it!
Ivy (12 yrs), imitating #FoxNews: "America ... seems to have turned into ... *potatoes*. The other countries are eating us!"
Any cinco de mayo festivities we should know about??
Im havin a pretty good day lolz its pretty outside
So many commercials...my mind is on overload
Yea I know. Business first.. well hopefully Boston beats Philly cause my Bulls got screwed
The sages do not consider that making no mistakes is a blessing. They believe, rather, that the great virtue of man lies in his ability to …
Just got back form a great business meeting with gay or gay friendly business with LBCBN in Long Beach. Great meeting with fun peeps.
Thanks so much for the RT! It's really cool how the community comes together to help.
Note: #burlesque shows are fun for an hour to and hour and a half, and then its slow, repetitive and you remember there are
MInd-blowingly fascinating to understand how much the goes into the online marketing and outreach efforts around campaigns.
Spend it
you dont even know studying.....
I'm so hungry. Feed me
Biscotti and Confetti Almonds
Shit thats messed up i would have took that day off but fuck it the man has to make that bread right! Im sure you will fig it out
good. I hope he recovers in time for preseason...we need him
I spy, with my little eye, Lynn Hickey sitting courtside at the
Pretending to be happy doesn't work.
:-( May he recover quickly
that would be like trying to finish war and peace!
It was so not a good start! Well hopefully we made you laugh!
just had 3 #DoritosLocosTacos gotta say pretty awesome!!
RT : Working on a story for Trying to think spring but I'm absolutely freezing right now.
cool!! I want to try Google a day! (just googled it) :-)
What can I say, they're a staple. :)
Sounds great! Hope all your #melus12 sessions were good!
I've been caught running my hand on printed shirts at the mall. It's awkward, but I have to do it! I'm sure all of you do the same. :)
New Orleans, where have I been all your life?
The poor account has one tweet from 2009 about Snow Leopard. Will there be a 2011 tweet about Lion?
busy busy busy:(
#bbrealestate LeFrak San Jose/Silicon Valley the third best #CRE market in US because of tech.
RT It's Almost That Time , Graduation Is Getting Close !
NO LIE!!! "I think women are beautiful. But there's no substitute for a big hard cock."
my liffeeee. Waste of gas.
Mention me AnyOne !! (;
Michelle O. : The fundamental promise that things will be better with the next generation is at stake in this election.
Hot off the press...Global release of new album "Bullet For A Rose" by "Chasing Disaster" is now available on itunes
I hope there's nothing due tomorrow .. Because I'm not doing shit tonight but catching up on some much needed sleep <33 so done with school
"If happy ever afters did exist."
“A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes.” ~Hugh Downs
Thanks, YJ! You're the best. I can send you any other info you need if it helps. Plugin's great, BTW
A smile is a light in the window of the soul indicating that the heart is at home.
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU!!
Great Scott!
- Belated Valentine's greeting! I haven't been on Twitter for awhile, so this comes a bit late.
Ladies tights are not pants, if I wore sliders people would not like that so please stop wearing just tights.
When two friends you're straight with, hate each other <
We can correct the world :)
Congrats!! Ride next weekend? Headlands loop initiation. Best downhill ever.
forget about the papers. Music is more important lol
getting to facetime is such a tease...
I could call and imitate her voice.
SAME DAY DELIVERY SOLUTION FOR ALL YOUR COURIER NEEDS!! www.lonestardeliveryonline.com 877-527-5737
used to strip for a nigga now got nothing but lip for a nigga..
-My Momma Swear Up N Down She Can Sing..!
ya know what? Think i will as well, while I wait for servers to be fixed. At least listen while I lay in the sun :D
Not that I remember seeing. I was just wondering about parking... You hear any advice there?
So the Bucks... yeah...
Yay!!! I on the cover of Natural Awakenings, Sep 2011 issue!!
hahaha, life coach! I almost forgot bout that...almost
OMG, the torture continues.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs this game should be a statement game for Eli manning with all the criticism
"Caffeine," the word that never requires an exclamation point--
these "pass it on" commercials during the tigers game are ridiculously annoying.
@ online fundraising seminar
**Thanks so much for coming!!**
The fact that anyone would refer to me as their "mentor" warms my heart
What The Bride Says
LOL! Very cute shirt :)
Still heartbroken
Our team at has been working OT on So appreciative of the support of #AnacostiaDC rez + biz!
A bit of sharpening with spiritual leadership brothers this AM. Should be nice. Like having a long cool drink of water on a hot day.
the food service is terrible here. No salad options during the game and out of a lot of food at the few places open.
I'm sorry I changed, you miss the guy you met 5 months agi
I'm on a mssion! Wine, shopping, and more wine that will help!! see you in the lobby 530 don't be late! =)
The skirt is the second oldest women's garment in history.
Let's take a moment and pray for the people that still use flip phones.
Anyone else going to the Couples Conference in San Mateo in April? Let me know!!
My prayers go out to #Junior Seau's mom & family...God bless her--her words were heartbreaking...
Outside presence of the jury, prosecutors trying to introduce six short videos chronicling Ava's recovery. Defense objects. Repetitive.
Working on some location notes before working on product placement deals for 2 web series
Happy Mothers Day, all you mamas!
u gotta sleep
RT “ Chilli should have stuck it out with Usher”
Thanks for following us !!
Throwing out a Happy Day to all my #smgirlfriends!
Nice going, Medco, shipping out a med on Thursday the 12th that takes 2 to 5 business days and that I needed to take on Sunday the 15th.
Curb appeal great? Then dont let the front door be a turn-off. Make the door bell ring, clean the cob webs, and say WELCOME HOME to buyers.
When one must, one can
I bet that you good on the dance floor(8) <3.
Thanks AARP...we love being a part of your family! The Grannies on Safari
>>>MLM News! Paparazzi Accessories( New Company Listing )
Dare to be truthful or live a life full of fear....
The circus is about to start in #DEN #Broncos. I need a ticket...
I live in Manhattan. I cheer for the Mets, Devils, and Bills. Stick to music.
i know right!
racist! “: Paddy wagon! Paddy wagon! Paddy wagon! Paddy wagon! Now sue my half-Irish ass. ”
Thanks! I think my head has been removed from my ass, but my back is trying to act like memory foam and reinsert it!
like I had a mental break down + I have to stay with my brother this weekend
add me please
Who's in New Paltz?? Full moon rock n roll party tonight.
They're going to love my 15/8 latin reharm version of "Sleepy Time Down South."
Updated fantasy rankings from the Yahoo! experts Evans and Funston as well as Tony Holm from FantasySharks.com
trampy tuesdays works for me, but no tramp stamps.
#CHEAA JUST LET US KNO WHN U TOUCHDOWN RT : I'm gone be in the M this weekend!
U.S. economy gained 243,000 jobs in Jan. The unemployment rate dropped to 8.3%!
Poised Creation uses several different models of success theory when consulting artists!
God bless. Thanks!
it's so god
Pizza delivery, whiskey, Jersey Shore marathon.
what?!! Seriously??
wow that does sound good:) i`d love 2 c it but i`ll prob have 2 ask my mom 2 go with me if its rated R
better off dead, you're better off dead, a smile on the lips and a hole in the head. better off dead.
your the best
I hate u :p
Optimism: A cheerful frame of mind that enables a tea kettle to sing though hot water is up in its nose.
Great to hear :) Another friend + former softie just joined HTC, moving to Taiwan. Fun times!
:-) we are human, that's our major problem!
Agree: Schools should ensure our kids have the skills they need to succeed.
all the best on #2012! love you always <3
't u cook?
Just saw an ad that said "how to get your ex back." Somehow it translated in my brain as "how to run into traffic with scissors."
chilln, how was your day
music will forever run my life....
thanks for the mention!
Ahh so exciting!!! Congrats! =)
FILMING ALERT - "House of Cards" starring Kevin Spacey & Robin Wright this afternoon at The Baltimore Museum of Art
M! Nice recipes! We'd like to have dinner with you sometime soon!
Still can't believe the #Hawks gave Joe Johnson a max contract in summer of 2010. Poor investment.
no problem dude! Nice work on your facebook.
How could I forget guy has my name lol
It's too nice to sit in the office, so I'm on the deck with the MacBook. And a beer. I wonder how much work will actually get done.
will baby sit she luv the kids. Lmao
i sent you a friend request
I'm not a player i just get bored easy,so dont mind my twitter name ;P
So, H nearly commits murder with a sledgehammer and that is still PG?
Need an Australian Visa? I got mine from www.easyeta.com
Does a complete list of what data Google mines exist?
you must be bored. Lol
It's OJ day? Why are we celebrating a low-speed chase in a Bronco?
Someone update me on what Eleanor is doing, - why are people wishing her good luck ? :) not that you can't everyday <3 what's the occasion?
just join my two groups on FB and post away.
happy birthday love!
#NP Outstanding- The Gap Band > this is my shit lol
where you sitting?
ok.. crazy question... know a couple of people who always send short, entirely single spaced emails- they share some traits... a sign?
java java java not the coffee kind
meeting has been rescheduled. Will reach you with new date soon.
“: i feel Chicago´s pain with the injured MVP” hurting
What a beautiful day!!!!
hahaha WINE NIGHT
Social media is A LOT of work, but I love it! Getting ready to launch a new Facebook page and website!
MB'S NUMBER ONE :D! Come on #TeamMindless we need to keep it that way :)!
saw that yesterday. Wife is from Beantown, so she definitely runs on Dunkin. We may have to visit.
What shimmy johns ?!?
Good CoD content, keep it going man!
Makes me feel great! Thank you.
I want a Tootsie Pop
Acting class tomorrow. I am next "I love Lucy".
Bost: Politican votes for next election, statesmen for next generation. These next few wks should be voting for next generation.
uh oh! That sounds like it will be annoying. But maybe you'll be a #bridesmaid :)
Glad you liked the Santorum vid! Thanks for sharing Sam! RT haha oh god!
Ben faded way to long I'm floating in n outta consciousness
I read that as coincidence. It could be expected. It could be a setup for dramatic irony, however.
Don't run for the hills just yet, Facebook might not be ruining Instagram!
Remember take a picture with you swimming with the manatee's :)
:D hi
Thanks for the mention!
So dude found an alien wounded in a crashed spaceship and quickly rushes to aid it Hello its a f*ckin alien!
hey! Got your email and the answer is yes and I'll get back to you ASAP...
RT : i love that Newt used "Moby Dick Airways."
Happy Georgetown Day! Hoya Saxa and Georgetown Forever!
Scraps is her name:) your cat sings?!
": #LOL at the 7th grade boys at crocker wearing abercrombie kids shirts. #iCanSeeYourNipples"
Excessive acid buildup in our bodies impairs optimal energy production, so fatigue sets in. Be Alkaline!
"The people will save the government if the government will do its part only indifferently well." Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, & Speeches
nigga please carolina bout to thrash
RT | RT : "If u know u have an aud in a city, much better to DIY-rent the theater and sell the tix"
Never been more nervous about a Bucks game.
Freemasons as carriers of Habermas' public sphere in early America at
Every day start your day with 2 cups water. Then everything else will follow...literally!
RT ": I just found out the other half of Dick Clark died.”
Chicago probably had more chops.
It's Theater Night at , sponsored by ! Join us at for #karaoke!
can't coach height
Just thinking about how many times you screwed me over!
Who wants to be on the FOX40 news tonight?
do! :) Your one great guy from what I see and I know God will use you for some amazing things! :)
this is my very first 5k!
15 minutes to vote electronically? What, are they voting with their feet?
thanks have a great day!
Congrats on the big move! Very excited about your "leap of faith" with Epic Parent! One of the BEST blogs around!
you know it
Always an interesting cast of characters late night at quik trip
I am now. I crossed over. :) Wednesday? Did we make plans for this week? I am burnt and can't remember anything.
yeah ur never at home I didn't even know you lived there anymore lol I just got home though. Your mother know where ur at? Lol
Oh good, it's raining even harder.
Do you ever feel as if The Authorities are doing their damnedest to scare us all to death?
Look out for Tebow next year-- he'll have the entire off season to PRAY!!!
Thorsten Kolbinger, Ungerboeck: Cloud computing has a silver lining with increased efficiencies.
Thinking of getting hotel sushi (because I'm all lame like that). Anyone else interested?
Awesome! So glad to hear it :)
Give a Boy a Gun by Todd Strasser
lmao thanks (: even though you never talk to me!
She then informed me she was scared of aliens, but not dragons.
You should hit up Markus--that's where he lives now!
lovely to see your in the Rio stand today Rusty. Loughton 1 - 0 LA ;)
If I have a septic tank and pour beer down the drain, do the little critters in the tank get a buzz?
yeah I went swimming and laid out today it felt so good :) I needed that... I need a skylight in the studio :)
Grading creative comp art-meets-writing projects.
Need something special to happen. Its 75-65 with a min left
judge? No. Applaud? Absolutely
Here's the problem: "making" customers love a brand. It should always be a choice, not forced advertising
I hate when ppl spell my name wrong .... Smdh
The real money site is a mess u need to step in
i will
How did you pick your twitter name?
therein lies the challenge
What happened to Mandy Moore??
Shut up, you make me wanna cry!
I feel like nobody is going to be there when I get there. I have talked in an empty room before. No worries.
I just feel so lost
w/e you say :S
I would do that in a heartbeat
Hey LAY-dee!! The length of your skirt should not be inversely proportionate to your age.
i wish i would've taken a picture with yesterday :|
I am open to date any race however if you are skinnier than me well I just can't
no habs no!
I was about to grab a doughnut for breakfast, but my mom said that was too much sugar for breakfast, so she gave me reese puffs instead.
You are ahead of me. What are you making?
Thanks so much for the RT!!!
I wish. No Texas dates. :(
In 20 years people the beastie boys will still be talked about. Will progressive house still be relevant?
nothing on tv tonight, any help here
Concerts to cover in upcoming months: Warped, All Stars, Scream Like You Mean it, Dead Kids tour, Craig Owens solo, Slaughter, & Mayhem :3
I already am following and love her tweets!
I was joking :'( lmao
By making the decision to lose weight on the HCG Diet, you are also making the decision to get healthy.
“Life is no game. There are no cheat chodes. If you mess up, you can’t press the restart button.”
Asking a Directioner who's your favorite member in 1D, is like asking Niall what's his favorite food.
^_^ what country did you just come from?? RT yep I'm back
So, can we finish what we started? Don't you leave me broken-hearted tonight..
I miss jersey shore.
We assembly furniture " On Site " at your home or office. 24 hrs turn around on all job assignment
What’s a Black Magic Cupcake? We’re not telling, but suggest you pick up a dozen this Saturday and bewitch your dinner guests.
F, around 6
I'm not a bad driver, I just like giving the gift of near-death experiences.
de champagne?
TY for her tweet handle!
Can't make any promised on the "Behaved", but will definitely be there to see you :)
Agree I really really liked
MARCH 3RD IT'S GOING DOWN VS THE VIRGINIA STORM 7PM CAPITAL CITY COWBOYS LETS GO
fortune of course! had dinner at TooJays so it was amazing! :)
My room is a mess 😞
Facing Cyber Bullies Head On Hiding behind a computer screen is an easy way to attack and offend people without having to be accountable.
Re-broadcasting my Panda project in a low-density, tweet-per-day form via another account, ヾ(・㉨・)/
If you don't have Sirius, you missed the best live performance ever on radio. Every time I hear it, I could weep
Been heated for the past couple days...therefore I'll go record some heat
The things I want to know are in books; my best friend is the man who'll get me a book I ain't read - Abraham Lincoln.
Haha oh no. That literally does not surprise me at all.
; that's her instagram name foo
Correct! Do you live in the Montgomery area?
I'm gone! We were told to bail early...so I did :) It was good to see you though!! Coming back soon?
The #lakeshow has won 7 straight #game7 at staples. I hope okc did not get to much rest.
likewise! drop a line anytime you're in the neighborhood if you're looking for beer/company :)
I may not know you, kid who has the same shirt as me, but you're a faggot.
hm so I play #SaturdayMusic and I lose followers...really ??? I think my music is damn fine...
Come to my city bro! Come on Omaha! #I'dDoAnything
kinda shocked you know what that is.. 😏
Come to our Info Session this Thursday, March 8th at the Orleans Branch Library to learn about the work we do for the children of Baltimore!
we love kombucha!!! do you distribute fizzy deliciousness in SF?
Followed(: Follow Back? (: xx
Oh ha ic well that's awesome!!!!
Merry Monday, Mardy. You're looking in rare form.
I am at the Transformation Team meeting in East Baltimore. Working hard to curb violence through addressing the causes.
How is hiring in Michigan? We are recruiting like mad here in Minnesota and Wisconsin. Lots of jobs!
so cool. love it
I guess imma just retweet b Carroll entire time line today...I hope she don't mind tho..*kanye shrug*
good sign indeed!
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.
we're glad you like it here! :) We hope you have a wonderful stay at !
Just makin pudding! My arms about to fall off here!
The Mac and cheese stand is closed. I'm about to go HAM on Dan Mason.
The referees retaliate on for Kobe, not the Lakers
Wolfgang has the flu, i've gone through so much hand soap, don't want to get it. - actually considering drinking the soap.
: I hope so. Keep me posted
should be//“: Remember, Okla St. was 5th in Harris & Coaches' Polls. But V Tech lost. And Stanford didn't play. enough?"
It's important to find a studio that fits you.We encourage artists to shop around before choosing.Come visit and c if it fits u
I think a 6 month retreat might be called a winning lottery ticket. Good luck though.
We hope everyone had a Happy Halloween! What did you guys dress up as?!
yeah I get it you miss me, I'll be home soon! Ps that painting guy called me. I told him what you REALLY thought of his company
thanks u , you're awesome
hope your recovery is going smoothly
Mother's Day! [gulp]
Just found out that is having a conference in May in Orlando. How sweet that I can be there via simulcast in my home!
Come visit the VAC at the fine arts internship fair in the DFA!
Larry pls tell me that "21 Jump Street" is NOT 1 of the films U can hardly contain your excitement 4 heh heh
Hopefully Shane be more of a bullheaded badass like Rick last week #walkingdead & pumped for the return of Kenny Powers tonight
ABC5 is looking to intv parents concerned abt a new MTV show, Skins, if you want to talk, DM me!!
your so right about montero
Yes, the slow process is costing the #US #Economy 10's of #Millions of $DOLLARS$!
Cierra and I were running around and screaming and yeah...
Learning about the T.W.E.E.T. framework
I'm in The Buckeye nation if you have time to meet with me
I mean how do you as a fan continue to buy tix if mgmt trades away all good players to save $$$
did you see it?!
I love it, too! And it's all new to me. This is only my 2nd time here.
So... hot out. Melting... slowly... Help.
I have friend coming out to DC in two weeks and is looking for food suggestions. I thought you might know?
Being single doesn�t mean no one wants you. It means you�re taking your time deciding about your life and who you want to spend it with.
I guess the big wigs don't need 2 pay idea people anymore since they can just look at certain Twitters.
Feed Me is murdering it. Nuff said.
has legendary hair.
do you want to help children and young adolescent. yes there are many families that need support . HELP in finding a cure for brain cancer.
I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees.
espresso book machine 2.0 - POD/POD, hm...
#TheSaddestPart about leaving my dad's house is the look on my little sister's face.
Paid $2.93 for gas at Sam's Club in Eastwood Towne Center. $2.98 for non-members.
Thanks Charlie!
I was just thinking the same thing.
Stupid funny drunk people are the best haha
I wonder if we can get away with playing Beastie Boys at tonight's openings. Survey says???
Lawrence the homeless artist & 1st graduate of Homeless Coach is seeking buyers for his art at Imagine Art, Austin to help pay for shelter.
ah! Mama Akil is a priority!
Can it be Friday yet?
yes, yes it's all about balance... I especially ❤ chocolate martinis
Thx for the love, hope you enjoyed it! RT Waiting for delicious ! Best BBQ in SD right down the street from my place<3
right? All I need is a good fixie! (and probably some tighter jeans)
super salty! I had to walk home and it's really humid! :/ lol yours? :)
FOLLOW THIS GUY he's awesome!
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers that actually take care of their kids
HA! We'd love to add him to the group, but I hear he's afraid of his own shadow. :)
FRIDAY NIGHT AND NOT A DAMN THING TO DO
“: Would you rather play 18 holes at Augusta with JACK or TIGER?” JACK
“ Hell yeah I gotta get a shirt ”
Heading to the que probate with my line sisters!
I really want a cigarette today. But I won't. Because I'm cool like that.
what's your favorite coffee local to Portland or Hood River?
Well wishes to my opposition You niggas probably cop a plea before you cop a pistol
Crazy snow outside, snow ball fight lol!
TRAFFIC update: WB Belt @ Gammon Rd. Semi rollover, blocking the left lane, slowing traffic in both directions
To all the ladies in the place with style and grace.
When your big dreams turn to dust, it's time to find the vacuum. Until later xoxo
I need to go give Kobe his medicine... He sick without me
yea looks like hawkgirl gonna be the ww of jsa the atom gonna be superman
Are your legs tired? Because you've been chained to that treadmill for sixteen hours.
“A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.”
i wish the bust of Nikola Tesla in my office was also a Tesla Coil.
#thingsthatgetmeupset rappers with no conscious, which is probably about 98% of them...#whoareuREALLYworkingfor hm
my understanding is they embed entire source audio and not just preset handles.
Four weeks left at the DCPL. So strange to be leaving here; it's more home than home has been, more constant. I'll miss it.
Youtube maybe. Video games definitely not - why cast out a legitimate form of storytelling?
I ate so much food!
Love how Twitter has basically blown up the #NFLhonors show - we know who won - but of course I'm kinda watchin (nice remarks from Drew B)!
Kris just saw your e-mail the hospital was busy today but will reply as soon as I get home. Thanks
"not a doctor" BEST! RT : i love when people i've never heard of put their "fan mail" address as their twitter bio.
lol i gotta tell you something when I get to work
I'll make you sweat ;)
I think I should make an NYU Trolley account.
I am truly happy 4 the Lady Rams.. 4 doing yall thang n winning states
Haha, the bargain bin. You look great BTW!
no problem!!! Just babysitting, what about you!?
yea man not crazy long but still long as fuck
I'm pretty sure the only Jeopardy I'd be good at is Fifth Grade Jeopardy.
Nope. Look it up. December 23,1972. Franco Harris was a rookie
Mass Effect 3 - quotTake Earth Backquot Trailer Full-Length - games online
Seeing basketball tweets on my timeline and not knowing what they're talking about <<<<<
My take on the dow is the smart money is afraid of the Greek elections sunday ...they are the referendum on this austerity
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I would love to wake up next to you everyday. That's all I really wanna do
A logical discussion shouldn't involve name-calling and lies
I was about to start freaking out, then got distracted...
99% of people aren't following me. Please follow me and
RT : Collectively, only the Secret Service has had a worse week than the Red Sox
It gets hot outside and everyone starts wylin for respect
I use to think Steve-O was the finest white boy until i seen him put pliers on his dick lmao
The Malkin hit on Grossman was almost an exact replica; but for the injury to Grossman. No response from the League.
You should go into the trainers room...pretty sure Mauer is still there!
I need to create a gala. This mothas have MONEY!
wish I was
Taxil Technologies is hiring independent sales professionals. Please send your resume and cover letter to .
yo, I need it.
I'm here. We'll win. Don't worry!
what a little tweeter!
you think? How would u style it?
that's a highlight reel for Aldridge for Allstar!
Feds give locally made flying car green light. Got 250-grand and a sport pilot license, you too can beat the commute. 5:30 on
yeah that was surprising too. idk what went on last night with that one.
I don't understand how it's already Monday
dang, just opened a fresh thing of Kyvan for the draft. Nothing like it! #waytoogood! Hittin it hard tomorrow
I'd say so. I'm always up for a little lottery winnings
A hundred muthafuckas cant tell me NOTHING.
These helicopters been goin crazy all night
My motto: don't invest permanent feelings in temporary people.
#Spurs need to stop the turnovers - we're hemorrhaging points
Condolences to the family of
Ball fresher than a mother f****n' peppermint!!
clicked, but I don't want a shoutout!
lmfao thats the worst part man
#AskDerulo when will the neck brace be off
Go listen to Sharon Van Etten's live performance for WNYC's Souncheck, your going to want to know about her
what's with the angry tweets
Very, very cool! What styles of music do you play?
Wonderful Epic Fail presentations at #mw2012 Thanks to all for courage, insight and humility!
BTW, the Ms. Pac Man machine is in the basement of our Alberta St. Teahouse!
says troops posing w/dead #Taliban is reprehensible. No, what's reprehen is US Pres bowing to #Saudi King. RT
make it happen and when do you guys and go back? when do you get back?
I dont need nobody that doesnt need me !
when mofos hate on you, dat means your doing something right!
": Front Range winds just shy of 100 mph! #9NEWS" No raking leaves for me!
: #notfornothin but the presser should be concerning Fred Jackson's new haircut.
The hockey guys on glee look like complete tools with their mullets
ShockerNet is back online right now. If you're receiving the suspended error, go into your web browser's settings and clear the cache.
Social Cause Hackathon Partners: :)
i just finished watching the finale on the website... those script writers better not get kalinda killed!!
I think you're afraid of being alone.
Passion breeds success... have you found yours?
Writing scripts for crawling and parsing data from websites or their API, collecting data into MySQL databases, & simple data viz
haha ya I know. Lol I don't think twitter likes me right now(:
Now honoring the TLI 2012 Graduating Class at -- Kudos to all on your achievement!
Thank you for helping us expand our pet food distribution to include our City Heights seniors. cc
