PS: Will I be meeting any of my followers at Empire State building?! Sad that some didn't got the chance to get tickets :/ Love you all 💗
yeah, thankfully I ate before that otherwise I'd be in the same boat
God damn mongorians!
#27-Calvin Johnson-WR-Detroit Lions
;) you so beautiful!
are you always negative mr kawakami? Do you ever have anything positive to say?
What's better than dirty talk besides pillow talk, DRUNK TALK! Honey believe you & me I'm a certified specialist when it comes to drunk talk
well, kudos for all the work you do for flamenco in DC!! Hope you've been enjoying your weekend, so far :-)
haha thanks man :D
Any Winos going to #GreatGrapes in Reston this weekend?
Sorry boys and girls! The show is moved to the Warwick MIDDLE School! It starts at 7 so
&#39;A staggering mess&#39; as tsunami debris hits Alaska coast early
Jarrod and Brandy are taking home the biggest profit!
Never. I have handbags that I love. And shoes that I love. And never the twain shall meet. But Red is always a preferred color.
Check out "Who Will Comfort Me" by Melody Gardot--some great jazz licks! Ciao, vSB/ Schizl
that was totes real
Love hearing Boston Red Sox fans complain. #losers whaaaa wide strike zone
Let me do my thang to u
Just read thru Classroom w/o Walls. Great stuff. Would like to talk about helping advance you further.
Any advice on how someone with dtp bkgrnd gets started thinking about metadata? I get blank stares when I bring it up in my dept.
CLICK PHOTOS PERSONAL AUTOGRAPH PIC'S MARK ROBERT BROWN AS "DON' IN "AND THE CHILDREN SHALL LEAD" ORDER @
My apologies. I meant to, but i appreciated it and cut a pasted with haste. I look forward to following you.
I am going to pick up my pencil & start drawing Ricky Horror (Olson) of the band Motionless in White its going to look great ...hopefully (:
“: Lol what did she get RT : My mom jus got tatted yesterday!!! ??....” pics or it ain't happen
It all comes down to this
Everyone Should Just Quit School Now…The Amount You’ll Owe On “Student Loans” Is More Than You’ll Ever Make During Your Working Life…
#boysfavoriteline "when we gonna chill"
If everybody would just calm the fuck down, the world would be a much better place.
NOTHING works out right for me
An economist is an expert who'll know tomorrow why the things he estimated yesterday didn't occur today.
send a pic of the booth! :)
Think different. Thank you #SteveJobs for rocking our world
Watching guiliana and bill!
Wow Delta owes you something for all the trouble you have with them!
no u know u would touch them too they move fucker ( my voice) I wish I had that chest strength
CBS baseball writer Danny Knobler joins The Score right now. Check it out at AM1510!
You can always wipe the surface but the stain will remain <3 ~Motionless In White - Creatures <3
Duvall Financial Svcs helps "established" business owners throughout the country obtain private capital. NOT FICO SCORE DRIVEN.888-819-6660
"Google has not lost its edge. Spread a bit thin at moment, but still very strong."
I'm not even in the state cuz
also, checkout our new online store ;D BambaidApparel.etsy.com well be adding more stuff soon!
Lawyers know how to take isolated complaints in a divorce case and build them into one big one.
Just found out that is coming to FL and it made my day!!! :)
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Photography Stories , RSS and RSS Feed via Feedzilla.
please follow she is you biggest fan!19
SFAI MFA Grad Exhibition opened at @ The Phoenix Hotel yesterday - a spectrum of sensations! Noon-10 PM until May 13
thank u for making my day!!! <3
I am preparing to go spell for team Wayne at the IndyReads spelling bee tonight! Go Lexi-Cons!
My teachers blasting Diamonds Are Forever - Kanye West in class right now lol. She's such a G
Thank you!!
Sitting behind the sun...watching the sunre's.....-con-
I might come see you before that so we can go to Ikea and go see Magic Mike!
Welcome new PWA volunteer and May guest blog editor, Sandra !
wat happend who is doing this and why :'( im so sorry
I want to get tattooed again. It has been too long. First I need the money. Already got a design.
yep!!! and what did you do? i dont know what to do?
Following but would still like to say oh Nia you're so pretty.
But In The End iStill Love her .
Sometimes, I dream as many as 6 impossible things before breakfast.
sweetness ill tell and
If he inspires you, then he is certainly awesome!
Should I ask him out???! Just saying
RT : #letsgorangers is all there is to be said all day
refill every 3 weeks, surgery to replace battery every 6 years.
I'm a heterosexual woman and I would totally do Natalie Portman.
Hey Michael O'Leary, yes run scared cause those against #sopa are not taking it lying down, u and your cronies do not own the world
wade too=cry baby! Did you see the heat/pacers game yesterday?
It's dipset, get your dick wet, boarded the big jet, and got a big check
Just watched Mexico City native Manuel De Landa's 'Raw Nerves' - described as a "Lacanian thriller." fFels familiar.
Get a clue Erickson! Factor in the Bush tax cuts (not paid for) & the not-paid for wars & voila BUSH RECESSION
need to update my status
got an upgrade to a hotel suite! Love it!
i'm ready for forever. 'till death do us part? 
Fantastic! Can't wait! RT : I just purchased my tickets!! So excited to get the 1st taste!!
Duh. I'm always looking for freebies!
I can't get your bit.ly link to open - can you redo?
ohh, haha. I just dont get what she means by ”babies?”
It's Wednesday and that means ribs & whiskey! Rib plate w/baked potato-$7, $2 off premium & $1 off well whiskeys when country is on. 2NITE!
Yay! RT Received something awesome from today - Thanks! PS - I like that my quote was used on the cover!
I miss my spring break girls!
I hate unexpected vet visits. Dishing out money like its candy. Google couldn't help me this time. it has failed me!
RT True friends don't try to control you—they help you be what God wants you to be.
I have a free rn & nobody to spend it with ):
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." ~Alan Kay
No one ever wants to hang out when my hair looks good
. But have they ever been known for anything but those things?
That made my night 😊
Asking developer and maybe he will have specific questions. Mayb try changing the background of OSX in the mean time. More soon
“: Let's be original and quit trying to be mean.. #imcuteright?”
RT #mysterygiveaway 6 happening when we hit 1500 followers!! We can do this!
has done a gr8 job acknowledging India's Republic Day. Thank you! Who had this brilliant idea to do this dance?
Hottest day EVER!!!! I need a pool immediately!!!
I'm listening to a repeat of the interview of
i love your posts. thanks for sharing all you do.
writer's block haha
i did now what. BTW im not trying to be rude im jus confused
Still irks me to see Dale Sveum in a #Cubs uniform.
U know I support - Health care 4 all. Hang on a while longer & u will b insured @ work.
Woo man i've turned into a whiny bitch.
There's no doubt in my mind that the asshole who decided hitting "Snooze" would only give us an extra 9 minutes of sleep was a selfish Jew.
that kind of deliberation when you're picking gifts really does make giving a joy instead of a chore. have a great holiday
Fixing problems
I absolutely will! Not-getting-the-job heartbreak is so brutal though. Gah. :/
Don't forget your College Football Fan this Holiday season!
In cab to airport now, speaking of getting things done!
Hi there! I had to leave early because still getting over being sick. Would love to chat another time, though. DM me?
Chanel West Coast is a dope rapper
So what's everyone doing tonight for ?
Thanks so much for your kind words! Thanks for spreading the word about us & let us know if you have questions.
Happy Mothers' Day, mom. I wish you'd stop being so hateful toward gay people.
at the movies with
Since everyone is different, finding eyeglasses that look good on you can be challenging. Try different styles for that perfect pair.
I wanna read it!!
My prayers go out for everyone & their families that were involved in the plane crash tonight in DeLand
I want a onion bagel with a LOT of cream cheese
#YouShouldNever be afraid to be yourself.
EVERYBODY ELSE IN THE ROOM CAN SEE IT!!! #OneDirection #ScreamingItInTheCar &
Come in tomorrow at 1030 for the Fabulous 4's and 5's Storytime!!
Addicted to SOA!! Love this show
Thanks girl! Still have a lot of work to do but decided just to launch it while it's in progress. :D
k i might have to go somewhere later, but i really wanna do something!!
The pain doesn't go away, you just make room for it.
I hope God will bring you back to me
o u think this is bad u just wait there's madd jordans coming out this year
#Madonna is doing her thing, with the Cleo-inspired show. "Age cannot wither her"
Atlanta supporters...Check us out LIVE today on #TV57 at 10pm on the Bobby Hurd Show!
I miss playing music on my record player. Poor thing is collecting dust.
please don't ever stop doing what you do. I would cry if you ever stopped, you are too amazing.
No sexual perversion, please!
We hope you had a wonderful time!
GM pulls Facebook Ads - no Facebook ads don't sell cars, but exposure does
so excited to create my new electronic rig W . new Yamaha electronic drums !!! lets go !
We take off this morning for Virginia
None of them as lovely as you, I'm sure. <bats eyes>
says the snow show is over.
Dang! You still rockin fanny packs?!?! L A M E
amani- i feel so asian and black right now i have chicken flavored noodles!
oh yea *jumps up and down*
trying to remind myself why it's good for students to write a primary source analysis paper every week when trade-off is me grading them!
Tune in to between 12pm-1pm to hear our CEO Alistair Crane's take on the christmas app boom
well then you will be here at 1 perfect
rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
is giving us the best early Christmas present ever!!! :D #PutyouHeartsUpDecember20th ♥
Exalt the LORD our God and worship at his footstool; he is holy. Psalm 99:5
Operation Bacon truffles and beer reductions in full swing!
Had McDonalds for the 1st time in months. Should have went to
Loved Nicki's performance!
#ff the new
yeah especially for those of us with big boobs
Dayum. Lesnar is straight up putting this fool in his place right now.
I forgot there was a fee for everything in LA. :/
If we lived in the 50s-60s, I think I would have married someone in the italian mob, definitely.
drummer baby to the splash pad
That you did. Nice picks.
agreed, and there's also 345 D1 Men's basketball programs. 25 of them isn't that many.
Stay hydrated!
follow me please!!❤
i knew Bohananon was gonna say goodmorning to me.....
Just finished work for the day and headed to the airport for part II of my Birthday celebration.
absolutely. It's pretty awesome. I would love to live long enough to hit that mark!
So confused...Everytime I see "him" I smile...Everytime I get a text message from "him" I smile...why won't I just admit I like him already?
Lol, you guys really do love
come visit me in Iowa and I will make you some food :)
Lmao @"something" - I agree! :) RT : Awesome stuff! Sapp having to do something to make cash... hope #Cubs GM is not joking..
I really hate car accidents!
Thank you for retweeting Mandy's blog! Hope you have a great weekend!! :-)
Perfect RT : Maybe if Mubarak had killed 1 little girl instead of 1000s of Egyptians Nancy Grace would cover his trial.
me too and its only 11 am
Trivia Answer: Pasquale Di Fabrizio (aka cobbler to the stars), was the man behind many of Rick's fabulous on-stage boots.
I never noticed that, what's in there?
Oh gosh, awful advice! Film acquired in the '80s or '90s - at a Post Office auction, no less - isn't likely to be nitrate.
I will never understand how does their sizing. The pair of perfect khakis I ordered in my usual size were about 2 sizes too big!
I'm on twitter woohooo
so mean
happy cinco de mayo to all u guys and the world lol
Are we talking THIS Thurs/Fri or next week?
2 they try to be proud of they're team in a colts pro shop
I love how and I both apparently hate texting, yet we do it like 500 times a day.
My mother is incredible. She has too much energy for this planet and she's the greatest film fan I know. I love you.
ng! Agh. Twitter seems to be a great leap backward. Like trashing our phones and getting back to the telegraph.
Thanks, that was fun! I'll tag others now :)
Didn't bet money on Jim's Decision to win, but did hit the $62 exacta by keying Crestatorre for second. Lucked out w/photo.
love you man.
Can't wait to see you at Teen Hoot! Going to be awesome!
Oh no! Too bad the app didn't exist back then... ;)
Rules of life: #1 trust god. #2 love your family. #3 deal with choir. #4 no pufters.
I picked up the iPad back in November and have been crazy about it. So much so, I opted for a MacBook Air for a new comp.
that was a fun weekend. now back to trying to make the world zappy.
Thanks. Yeah it was fun to see all the spectators cheering and playing music along the course.
thanks mike for the follow
Closing Remarks from Dr. Kenny G: "You have been sited by NSSE as being one of the most engaged student bodies in the nation!"
>>not yet..maybe tonight or tomorrow...is it a cool spot to drink too? Or just restaurant?
Oh yeah!!! RT daisy duke Thursday[; “ A Little Bit of Texas tonight =) oh and saturday haha”
We agree! This is a beautiful campus! We'll cross our fingers for you. is a great place to be.
I wonder if more girls were willing to act like ladies, more guys would feel challenged to be gentlemen
It is quite warm in Dinkytown today! We are looking forward to a cooler evening with
#ifyougive a book to a child you open up their world.
where do you get that at? sounds amazing!
Excellent chat planning and Time/Topic management! #meded and
People annoy me. Like go do one.
you should come to Holland. :$
I am now applying #moneyball to every project at work.
WOOT WOOT #Pens Won!! Now I just need the Rangers to win the baseball game and my night will be complete
If I meet a girl that is sexy that can rap I might have to wife her up. We wouldn't even fight we'd just battle it out
I love a thick ass redbone..just that got errythang together like a dream woman right there!! lol
We take pride in offering our communities the level of service you could expect from a family run business. We invite you to be a part of o
Gearing up to get back into the studio for LP album! Recording 12 new songs by christmas!!
in duval county it does with the bonnet in dey head
Having the hottest best friend ever >>>
« Being in a relationship with a #taurus is like an invitation to live the 'good life'.»
starting to think this needs to be an iniative - in conjunction with Google or?
Hey coffee lovers... might revive this handle with a Whitefish Bay twist. First order of business: it is imperative that I consume coffee.
yes that movie is a trip. Make sure you have a good gyno.
Last day at before moving to the Big D...sad and excited!
I'm guilty too! Had my running clothes laid out with good intentions, but the cold and wet seemed like such a good excuse...
That was the best D ND has played all night
haha its ok . we accept you thinky or not :D
Leadership is influence. Learn to be a leader who inspires others toward greatness.
Dreaded words from #Mets owner Fred Wilpon: "As long as I can, I plan to be the owner here." Let's..Go..CUBS!??? Can't endure this any more
RT : The average Lilith client is a single, 25-y/o #mom of two in her first trimester.
Dana man....you guys head to Nashville!? of all places? Phoenix man...PHX! Hotbed!
Third coffee of the day seemed like a great idea in the 10th hr of my day. Not so much going into hr 20.
In a creepy cab: porn tacked to the ceiling and a bobble head cat on the dash with a sign that says "Look I am Garfield." It isn't Garfield.
RT : Women are less than one-third of the speakers | I count 43 men and 14 women among confirmed speakers
have fun picking cotton
congratulations! What an impressive writeup!
For those about to spend hours transcribing interviews I conducted, I'm sorry.
!!! RT is a strong 'maybe' for brewco tonight.
Read about NOLA charter schools in the economist, cited the Cowen Institute.
I got a tetanus shot Wednesday & my arm hurts so bad. It's swollen & I can't shake this headache... Calling dr. This am.
I was really hoping the Mega Millions numbers they picked tonight were going to be Hurley's numbers from Lost
Some people just have to know the #priorities of others.
My dad brought home a snapping turtle and said hes gunna kill it and eat it. Guess who's letting it go tomorrow? :)
Back from a rainy soccer game but my daughter's team won 2-0 so can't complain
If you need to spread the word about anything, you should sign up on OneFreeAd.com and post it! It's completely free and new! :D
Really looking forward to this flight. Small cramped regional jet and 7 screaming kids (current count- but I think they are reproducing)
so... I have an idea and I need your shirt making advice! Send me a private message with a good number to call?
i sat here for 10 minutes typing a text that i couldnt send to you <
Maybe I should just start whoopin ass until the bullshit stops
Agreed. I've been meaning to pick it up myself. Let me know what you think if you do. :)
thank u, sweetie! Are u a Nashvillian too?!
Many thanks to Brian Balboa for stepping in to help us out!!!
Do you wanna make some money?
you are the only Cindy I know! Tee hee! :-)
Bang Bang!!
Stupid question, but whats a "TWITCON"?
To all! Amazing benefit show for the is happening in Norwalk, OH. Find Music Saves on Facebook
I wanna try something new at Starbucks today. I'm taking suggestions.
I will not allow others to determine the value of my Self.
Is Torchlight 2 a worthy competitor of Diablo's? *or* Is the future of gaming for indies or the big developers?
Can't wait to get to Brooklyn. Love the Polar Bear Pete tank... send me an email so we can meet up!
Hope you're having a great weekend. :)
he invented apple/ mac products
omg I would kill my computer.
Hoping to see all of our Lafayette friends this Thursday at The Office!
Ahh idk it just came to me. Anyway thanks I was lucky to be born with a 'hot' English accent. (:
happy early 18th birthday(:
Today: one teenage student to another (with slight look of disdain) "Why are you so tan?"
Going to walk 12 miles to navy pier. Beautiful evening. BFF leaving for NYC tomorrow, the day she gets back I leave for florida,
just that pic
amazing weekend ahead...hell yea I'm looking forward to it:))))
Fantastic article. I can't say enough great things about We did her EIGHT in 2010.
I am up -it is 4:16AM! Preparing the Green Chile Chicken with Rice Soup of the day and planning my day.
Fuck this bus ride...
Rosey, you are amazing. So cool. Thanks! I can get it from you tomorrow or Monday? What is your plan tonight?
Good point. 2 of the 4 Dudes left & it quieted down. It was the 1st time we had any loud or distracting stuff. Hope its over
Mother Love Bone Thugs 'N' Harmony
nahh, the clog-posites didn't do well at all back in 2001
Rickie Weeks is batting above .150
What about TLR?...probably the same answer though.
FOLLOW He can get YOU alot of FOLLOWERS!
i cant wait to see the new viedo somebody to love :)
the fast red fox jumped over the boring dog.
When can you do wild shit? In college! Duh
sup cunts hit me up
I was about to cry if got hurt.
sadly no im leaving him here ):
I don't need nobody cause I'm sexy to me. You keep doing you tonight cause I'm doing me.
HAHAHA what a shout out!!!! K Team forevz
You guys rule! Thanks for following me! :) You need to follow if your not already! :)
Watchin how to rock awesome but shake it up is awesomer N3RD is the W0rd!!!
I hate the USA hockey team and I dont give a fuck what people think, it does not make me unamerican, it isnt a god damn war
Nebaska is giving Oklahoma all they want and more.
So it turns out that I dont want to get away from technology... I just dont want to pay $100+ for my iPhone. #BOOurns!
That's why I like a family recipe - keep it exclusive, keep it alive!
RT : Q5: do other fellow runners count as wildlife :D? #runchat // Lol! Agree.
2 hours until doors open! Get you shorts, T's, bikinis and whatever beach wear you can find to rock out in on this themed PLAY!
toward the end: "some of the aesthetic choices that seem preferred by functional programmers can make debugging…
It's like everyone is interested in sex know It's really wierd to me
yes I do.
you tell me to just forget and move on but its not that easy. you dont understand.
Getting ready for EDUCAUSE 2011. Any "can't miss" sessions you'd recommend?
“ I'm back from vacation with 2 broken ribs, a torn miniscus, and a fractured anus. Ill see you tonight at 11pm.”
can I get a RT. it's my 40th today. A mans dieing wish. Haha!!!
I'm a lover not a fighter
Apt, to-the-point headline from the Inuvik newspaper (Northwest Territories, Canada): Fox bites girl.
Ah man tonight was fun!!! #Life'sGood(:
whats good! Maximizing every moment.
Recording with , , and Cognac
on the gang I remember dat
This bus is packed ..
Wait WTF just happened
haha! that and cooking chili is really the best use for it.
didn't have room in my RT for the wink, so here it is ;)
agree--i don't care about the BFing/motherhood questions, just the pure insanity of doing ANYTHING for attention
when is it
Are you doing some crazy protesting?
Follow the LSP cast members, or die trying!
Thank you so much for your kind words! Maybe we can do an interview about my new solo CD...blessings to you!
are they sober and drug free?
Friends! THE THIN MINT BLAST STILL LIVES! But not for much longer! Stop on by and celebrate the last few weeks of school!
thanks for the follow! :)
#first40songsonshuffle 29. I Hate Myself For Loosing You- Kelly Clarkson
Just found out my son doesn't know who the Wonder Twins are.
If anyone wants 16 free wallets, will hook you up!
I donated to #pantenebeautifullengths They've given over 10,000 wigs for free, whereas LOL gives only 300py
My 45,000 tweet goes to my idol I love you so much thank you for everything you do for us Mahomies. mwahh.
Thanks for the mention Wildman!! Hope you have a very Merry Christmas!:)
We all do RT Who needs grammar nowadays?!?!
still hasn't sent our new track! What's going on bro??
app that analyzes which credit cards would maximize your rewards, based on your current spending.
Catch #Dolphins alum broadcasting LIVE from #NapletonHyundai in West Palm today until 12p. What did you learn this weekend?
6 pm can't come soon enough...this day is crawling along.
Thanks Alli! I love it too ;)
Thank you for retweeting about the auction.
Aww!! RT : Paul knows his whole entire alphabet. He sings em from A to Z all day! 😊
Note to self: you do not live in LA anymore. Get. An Effing. Jacket.
I will never ♥ someone as mean as you!
Caution when using Franny's Ped. Pal "Dance naked & let your cheekys SMILE! Some advice, wear flip flops AND stay out of the streets he-hee
Network (1976)=The Best Christmas Gift ever. The golden age of cinema will always be for me late 60s - late 70s. Swoon over Faye Dunaway...
LOL, your tweet put a smile on our faces... #TGIF!
RT : Anyone awake? :) ~ Yep! #TeamNoSleep is still in effect lol :D
I'm certainly not complaining. ;-)
I was just forced to get naked for my dermatologist for a head to toe examination. Awkward.
who wants to buy a house
These interesting projects are really cutting into my late night tv watching.
Not so great day.. maybe sleep will make it better hm..
why are Americans such drug abusers? Is it just an affluence thing?
why did I call him boss D: ?
Man , a lot of good laughs today at work ..
Can't stop thinking about how bad the old me screwed the new me out of a chance with the girl of my dreams
Just posted a video of me and Cesar Millan, "The Dog Whisperer - A message of encouragement and hope for college grads and job seekers".
How in the world do policemen & women like Lt. John Pike sleep at night? His actions were utterly disturbing.
If gov't keeps raising the tax on cigs they'll become a luxury item...which is...genius.
Thank you!
doing homework. yeah. not exactly proud of myself right now...
it goes everywhere. Literally.
Thanks, Sarah! Glad you like them. Appreciate the comments!
text me what happened
baby ily so much my mum is fucked up and please please forgive me i miss and love you and you mean the whole universe 2 me x
Happy Thanksgiving!...hope everyone has a wonderful day with loved ones and friends..so blessed <3 <3
Kit's OK. Loving that (new?) blue-and-red circle cannon logo though.
Not yet!
you got it girl!!!
At today for TEDxSF. Such a beautiful space. Nice group.
I cannot star this hard enough.
Just my opinion and nothing less. Just makes absolutely no sense at all to go that far and have a hissy fit and quit.
Happy Easter!!
Been chewing on a possible piece for a few days. Sometimes it is hard to howl, or howl constructively.
"Perhaps creating something is nothing but an act of profound remembrance"--Rainer Maria Rilke.
You did amazing!
Remember whn Reagan said age shldn't B an issue, "I am not going to exploit, for political purposes, my opponent’s youth and inexperience.”
"A wireless reach project involves partners including local 3G operator & nonprofit; must align w/gov ICT"-Erica Whinston
I think I'm the only person cold as hell under the cover
Thunderstorm rolling in... just realized I left the back bedroom window open. Result: wet cat bed and likely cranky cat. Could be worse.
The most decisive actions of our lives are often unconsidered actions
Happiness doesn’t come from getting what you want, it comes from appreciating what you have.
You should see the cranky pants I've been wearing recently. I work in Everett until fairly late, so after 5 is good.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had no followers and was tweeting out to the universe lol
whats good nate, what u up 2?
#InsuranceCoverage-Health care packages are available that can be customized to your business. Let Linton & Associates help. 505-247-1530
how is your paper coming?
"How to steal One Direction's heart. 1. Go under the lights. 2. Then turn around."
the closest he's coming to my town is 4 hours away. it sucks :P
No she is not... Im sitting in class alone -_-
just made my wildest dreams come true. That said, who's a Wordpress guru? I haz questions.
koolio! So like what time is it where u live!!?
NO PENALTY?!?! That is total BS. Poor Hossa. Hoping he's okay.
Go register to vote this week (3/19-23) at Medgar Evers College from 11am to 7pm in the B, S & AB1 building lobbies.
RT : Q4) How can you use social more to improve your own learning?
no joke that happened to me last year. Ugh!!
will do, thanks
In 1890, journalist Elizabeth Cochrane Seaman aka Nellie Bly travel around the world in 72 days. Celebrate Women's History Month.
#JDaddyFact Justin Bieber has more followers than President Obama RT if you Love Justin Bieber .
LIVE from Scranton PA: Syracuse NETS vs Royals, this will be the first game MJ's 8th/14U National team will have this season.
#onthelastdayofschool they let us throw a party every time.
Would anyone watch cover videos of Ascension and/or Look to the Stars? We could make them...it wouldn't be too much to ask.
I dream about you at night, and now our paths are about to cross again....Glazed Pork Belly at Redd here we come! You don't stand a chance!
No matter what you say to me I won't be able to smile. No one knows how much I have with her.
Feeling regretful really sucks <
Totally creepy... Why does everything shady seem to come from Africa these days? Like all those money scams and blood diamonds.
Can yall believe who da lakers gettin #not a fan #lets go CELTICS AND #lets go HEAT
See our Great 1/2 Price Burgers and Orange & Grapefruit Crushes 4-close!
Shout me out# [:
Oh you got accepted into a technical school? That must have been really difficult for you.
Trying to look for flights home is depressing.
Damn cat should've clipped Ade's hamstrings.
got an apt at 910 so anytime after apt shud be done by 10ish
I can't exactly say my new iPhone is changing my life vs my old Droid... But I will say I appreciate the screen capture function!
thx for the follow! Look forward to connecting!
Heading to the Hill tmw for briefings (loving this Congressional Relations course!) what are the chances will lunch with me?!
Here's a tough 1: find a pretty girl in a white dress, set up a hair dryer to blow up her dress & fire away! Tomorrow: the yawn & stretch.
Yes, there are classes today!!!
Do you have the billboards by you too?
...well I'm glad your blessed in music.... But you still suck at answering your phone!!!
Crying you know. Got fed up though
Looking forward to starting my Internet Marketing fundamentals class with at Northeastern University next Thursday.
Congratulations to Paul Pierce for passing Larry Bird and becoming the #Celtics 2nd All-Time Leading Scorer
Now I wish I could be a cheerleader
Hi Gayle, I got your mail about the website, will try to get an answer ASAP
I got a new job at the University Bookstore, goodbye Nordstrom, and your horrible drama and ridiculous hours!
It's been a while twitter.. hoping to fall back in love with you soon :)
how many tickets will you win? :D haha
under investigation by the FBI for not truely knowing all of his Facebook Friends ! Like you REALLY know that guy across the grill from you?
“: CRUSASERS WIN!!! Stephens delivers game-winning 3 to propel Men's Basketball to 64-61 victory over Sewanee (TN).”
I wonder when the new Hooray for Everything album comes out..
tell him to call Stone Canyon Promos reagarding t-shirts!
should be good, and the kids too!
New testament with my breakfast!
in AP magazine in the undiscovered bands things i just read the "rocks like" part to determine if i care
Damn got burnt mowin the lawn
moving in with my daddy.
Pillow talk. I'm trying to, but it's not happening...
In heaven there's a room that's just ear swabs
Really love the one shoulder dress on Emily & champagne color. Very elegant and again, perfect hair
Found it. It's in the Pedagogy section, Universal Design, ADA Compliance. It's called Accessibility Online.
Our techs are relieved! They'll take 65 over 99 degrees any day while working in black uniform pants!
We went to Saddle Ranch to eat and now were at American Junkies hanging out! You should come join us!
The Current TV Statement firing Olberman is awesome. You're fired...signed Al Gore.
Do not think about what the world needs; consider what makes you sparkle.
If you want something bad enough... you'll figure out how to get it. Focus your energy on a goal and make it happen.
Don't be a bore...be a whore :D jk
My life is so good right now 😊👍
May God be with you and your family..So sorry for your loss...
I'm not embarrassed to admit I love Peeta.
Genius rainy day commuter award goes to girl wearing shower cap under her bike helmet.
"Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying!"
unless you're in business/first class :)
Day 1 of talladega in the books.. Wrappings up with dinner @ "The Ark" with the MRN crew..
Ik I was looking at that in the interview im like does anyone else notice that
#PFRomanReloaded beautiful sinner, roman holiday, hov lane are my JAMS...loved lil' wayne on Roman Reloaded
#APUSH I will dominate you...with the help of
Action is the foundational key to all success. Pablo Picasso
lol! GOP nothing if not consistent in bizarre twisted 'logic.' can't win on merits: lie!
How silly of me to think I could use my for a mani/pedi anytime this YEAR.
Awesome presentation yesterday, thanks for lending your insight and experience!
My mom comes home with cotton candy for me.. She knows me to well:) I love cotton candy
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family & Friends
yo I be going to your show on tues oct 4. cant wait!
what can't you come see #gatsby?
Aw I got my first happy mothers day wish today. Feels kinda awesome
#jerzday #thenihitthatdougie ....and all them bitches love me :)
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness for it shows me the stars. - Og Mandino
LOL where are u?
Watching the at the Sig House. Love all the brothers snapping every time introduces himself
in your hometown today! Hope you are doing well Bay
I hate being sick w/ a PASSION ) :
Lazy Sunday watching The Godfather. 40 years later....still genius.
We look forward to seeing Robert Whitley & 's Ira Gourvitz today at Dobson's to taste Ira's award winning wines.
how u doing when u in la
Still have free passes to go see "Beats Rhymes & Life" documentary about A Tribe Called Quest. 7/14 @ 730p @ Landmark on Clark. Tweet me.
Hmm the pizza is rising up in the middle so I guess I didn't flatten it out enough. We'll have to excavate!
Do I turn you on & on when I kiss you baby? Does the sound of me wantin you drive you crazy? Do I have your love ? Am I still enough? <3 .
Can't stand anyonee anymore .. swear to god .. #AllSoftball .
Takin shit down we ain't like the price...
RT Listening allows understanding. Understanding allows compassion. Compassion allows positive change.
Yes!!! Would love to have you! RT : Will have to come visit soon...
oh okay
Just finishing last night's Idol. Whaddaya know...Phil can actually SING! Perfect final choice by Jimmy, beautifully restrained performance.
66% of employees have quit their jobs...they just haven't left the building. Susan Schneider
lol he was very candid & I loved it
The power in all relationships lies to the one ho cares less. - Connor Mead, Ghost of Girlfriend's Past
I'm hoping for the same. Really love US Cellular service/coverage, so having an iPhone option would be sweet.
Can't wait RT : RT if you're excited for a new episode of Breakout Kings tonight at 10/9c on !! :)
I need a leash for my rats, like asap
First time in Vegas n I'm feel sick as hell
These city lights make me feel alive.
Looking at stuff for the SAT
LOL! GOOD ONE! You knew I would be all over that! LOL
Webster's Says it is, learned something new today...well played
"Parents call in your children" is one of the silliest, most naive things I've ever heard someone say to end a riot.
Selection of World Champions limited edition prints of Nelson Mandela signed original artwork released in USA-visit MandelaArt.com today!
Who, who will be Untoward's 200th "like"? I wish I had prizes to offer.
I hope to see u in Ky if ur going to race that weekend
Making a mental note...
oh ok. have fun with that wonderful mother of yours and I shall see you next Sunday.
": I hate a dirty house hoe lol she need to clean house #hoarders type nasty shit" owe bitch qone beat yho ass
James Diommare,originally from Abbotsford,BC, will be one of five North American magicians to appear in The Illusionists at the Opera House
Thanks for the follow!
If you're interested in being a TEDxUChicago2012 volunteer join us at 6:30pm TONIGHT in Stuart 104!
nah I wouldn't wanna steal your job ;)
what pain brub?
Love the local thing!! We are fortunate to have some awesome brewers!! All Saints IPA is balanced & good. Helltown Rapture IPA is excellent
Lord please guide the spoke folk teens further into your Word. They are making changes to effect everyone around them. Can you say the same?
Hey ! I've got a proposition for you. Get back to me so we can talk shop- Good to see you last Robotic. Keep up the good work.
Oww, my face hurts... Because I'm so hella beautiful xD OK NO!
I don't care how "special" you are. You just can't do that in public.
the table that's talking now
No one ever really wants my help, but you can surely have it anytime you need it. Because that's how i do things.
not well. The stress levels are really high.
looks like it...I is confusssseeeddd
I think Philly wins that trade. Tyreke and Rudy is a major haul. The Kings probably say no though.
can u go shopping with me?
Falling asleep while troubleshooting network connections in the Middle East...
driving home from camping...fighting to stay awake.
Haha a three way belt.
Yea that's pretty much how it went.
At my alma mater RT : Weyeneth: wall constructed by slaves, one brick still has handprint of slave IN THE BRICK!
or they think your attraction unless they have a angry face.
JOBS aren't the only concern Peggy! Get over yourself!#womensrights#gayrights#studentloans#
Beautiful San Diego weather today. I hope all you non cubicle bound people can enjoy it. Walking slowly to work to savor each moment.
RT Sorry,run down ex girlfriend.I can't talk right now inside of Sheetz because you have oxy pebbles rolling out of your nose
Austin yes season tickets.
Why is he dribblin in circles like that? Hahaha
Currently in the fanciest Target I've ever seen!
noticed an #Indians team shop special for the month of May on my calendar Spend 60$ at a team shop & get 2 lower bowel tickets
Thats where I first met you. Its special! LOL
and I just made plans to take over the world..
if you're on Virgin there's a plug between your seats.
He want's to keep his uniform though....for the night clubs.
nichole i love youu! Can i get a follow? (: 
Be careful if you are ready to buy the dips, might be in for quite a ride now. Bids could disappear as funds cause forced liquidations.
Whats yours is yours! No one can take it, U can only forfeit it!
You're welcome. <3
Who needs Obama and Romney when u can
No way. NL Central is better than AL with teams. Also Cubs are a good rival, they spend $$$ at Miller Park. So Berkman is a berk.
What are the better odds, UK winning the SEC championship or going to jail tonight?
Oh that wuz on purpose
too bad Mogo bit the dust in War of the Green Lanterns sounds like you could have used a vacation :-\
What a comeback #Celtics way to grind guys!
We really enjoy looking at the history and evolution in music.
I've become that woman. I've been gone a whole day and I miss my puppy uncontrollably. Judge away!
Stay classy #BBN. Stop being bitches and tweeting 18 tear old kids with such nonsense RT
Pls RT- “Like” our FB because Sheraton ABQ Airport is ‘Like Nowhere Else.’ Be entered to win a $100 Visa gift card...
FINALLY!!!!!! A hit with
58 min before #xfactor. Please show my unbelievable, extraordinary singing!
Seriously don't know where to start with packing for my trip!
love ur tweets
um I would be out of steam as well if I were you ...lol outing in some work out here
end of semester bucket list is gettin some work done
so badly
Cant deal with this game. Really dont want game 7
confirmation bias, I suspect. They heard the "data" for our de-socialization first.
thanks so much for your vote! please pass it on so your organization can receive the donation!
Happy National Chocolate Chip day.
RT : On Take Your Child To Work Day I'm renting a van, wearing a balaclava & participating in Take Your Child From Work Day
When a good thing goes bad it's not the end of the world it's just the end of a world that you have with one guy.
Thank you so much!!!
I use music as a solution to all my problems.
This video tribute to a rapper who changed your life will play after we attempt to sell you our shitty & superfluous product with ass
United we stand, divided we fall.
please follow my girl for her birthday!! Would mean the world to her!
Come down for monday, tickets will be like 50
God please guide me
Better Experience is in the house and psyched to get back in the swing
Pull any good pranks yesterday? Salt in the sugar shaker is a classic!
Progress might have been all right once but it has gone on too long.
Tiny Asian lady strangers are more considerate than the dudes I'm on this trip, jeez!
My hair today.. <<
well it may not be #NSD but atleast I finally got m subway :D yumm . B]
ayah gonzalez is online.
I'll be playing when it comes out, as a Necro or Mesmer, but I really hope that at release, zones don't get stuck at 95% forever
swag n grind,the best,one more chance need it by 4/20 just hook em up make it radio quality
phomollient! I use it everyday!
Im loving it, i wish it would rain harder
Enjoyed your presentation on What Would Core Do at #wcmia Attention to detail separates good from great! Loved the car pics too
I just finished my last Spanish assignment
My 8mo daughter has the devastating disease Cystic Fibrosis but we hope w/support like urs 1 day CF will stand 4 CURE FOUND!
quit blaming us, we had nothing to do with it....... Wait, what?
At work my man...... what's up with you?
Seriously I can't change this light bulb. Help wanted.
Find your #identity in Christ.
I think Ted and Mac pick young talent over experience and cuts Peprah.
fall retreat was great!!
hey please tell pioli to pick orson charles. would make the chiefs super dangerous offensively!
love that song!
My Lil sister crazy we was just listen to live my life and when it goes off she said that's when Rihanna wasn't crazy 😂😂😂😂😂
Just hype it for what doe?
If you're looking to buy or sell a home,contact us today to find out how our current distressed market may affect you www.TheOertelGroup.com
ditto guys! It was awesome to hang with you. Sorry we still have your tape :-/
Sure seems to be a lot of latency on tonight.
Hi Eva! Welcome to my caffeinated world :)
That really was a Hattori Hanzo sword!
I think I might give up Facebook for Lent.
I'm bout to get apartment and get hella referrals and get a gwap and move back to momma crib lol
you're so lucky!!
Yea, I was really disappointed. Watery.
Geez! We dont play the Rangers right?
#DontBeScared of the hurricane.We are going to be fine <3
Thursday, Movie night at Salute! Remember as the sun comes out our patio will be open and we will have movie outside!
#NetworkedNY . . . Shollette argues that large amounts of unnoticed undocumented creative work make art worlds possible.
check out he's my nomination; real great guy~wants to help my class/students
but we had an awesome adventure!!! And I clearly just got up Lol
drinking wine and drawing stick figures and writing the words that come out of their mouths. Yep.
It can make you chuckle when you see "GREEN ADS" after you know what green is...
Chief Justice Roberts gives Obama a curt greeting, looks down, ending it. All you need to know.
thanks for listening today to my rambles on the biz!
Only good things I hope. Haha! Miss you so much too! I think the West Coast is calling my name again. ;)
#YouCuteAndAllBut you talk shit about my school too much.
Listening to E-40's " you & dat " makes me wanna start dancing again! Fcken flyer party's and their badass memories man lol
Don't be a drag, just be a queen!
#MostUnderratedMusicArtists Catherine Wheel
"Victoria even if you were in a relationship with Hitler you would want to wear the pants" -Tamara... ha ha!
Who do #single people go to the movies with?
Thanks for coming to see Red We see you grabbed our new season brochure (hot off the presses!).
I'll be up with you if you need to vent
im currently teaching myself to write nines from the bottom up. I think they look good.
What's happening tonight? I'm tryna not be sober.
RT : The only team growth sport in 2010 was basketball, which did $1.362 billion in sales of gear, uniforms & cleats (SGMA)
Just spent all my itunes $$$ on a bunch of songs <3
haha sorry I was trying to RT your facebook dating tweet bc I thought it was very interesting, but i guess i hit the wrong link :)
Because of my friends. I'm addicted to #Twitter once again. Follow me and #tweet me? [:
Friends, i know your intentions are good but for the last time, i did NOT get nominated for an Oscar, please stop bringing it up. Thanks.
Another day of work.. Go Spurs Go
Those are actually just re-packaged, same product inside and I believe it's an official, above-the-board deal. Have 2 myself.
Oh man. Back lashing on emotions are fun.
Oh crap. French quiz. X
good morning !!!
um no i didnt!! u have 2 be with someone 2 dump them!!
Can still not connect to staff. I worry the paid plans will have similar issues. Also, your status page does not reflect the issue.
AAAHHHHAAA Miami lost at home!!
Just got home from seeing Hunger Games. You were right. It did not disappoint!
Happy Hour starts at 11 come enjoy great food and drink specials all day
They better not do a Rocky Horror remake because his name was Robert Paulsen.
why do so many people complain about their parents? keep that stuff to yourself.
Thanks for reading! MT : Nice write-up yesterday on the WHP funding debate. Clarified a few details I didn't know.
I like the idea of creating ritual around participation.
I always get a little freaked out when the are around. starts getting into Hell on Wheels mode and that's scary.
crying makes me cry!! Don't cry baby!!!
"You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly."
OMG OLYMPICS COMMERCIALS OMG OMG
": Travis Porter #FromDay1 album release May29th...&& they will be in #ClubLibra"
hey man, got your message. I'll give you a call on Friday, my cell service is brutal up here.
Individuals may form communities, but it is institutions alone that can create a nation.
100% accurate RT : Student-athletes don't need to be "policed" on social media. need to be educated/empowered to use it well
happy holidays to you too!!
thanks so much Yuki. You were amazing
I don't care if it is the person's last name.. this is not the best headline for a press release: Stoner Receives Appreciation Award
Truefact: Alka-Seltzer Plus® Night Cold Formula makes modern-day Pythias of us all. Attend, ye slumbering in your sickbeds, and prophesy.
That is the perfect job for you! Did suggest it?
So much homework I wouldn't be surprised if my hands fall off, yay!
PaulColyer, if you think ESPN has been fair with this, well go back to watching FoxNews and believe it all
Yes Please :) How can we make that happen?
Grandma, I love you❤ R.I.P
that's kind of awkward. Haha.
Thank you .. just followed you!
I think I have a fear of bothering people. Getting on their nerves. Being where I'm not wanted. Perhaps I've just known too many jerks.
More bribe money? *shrugs* RT : This is getting ridiculous. What does it take to get a foul called on them defensively?
DW Morgan featured in Fortune Small Business July/August as a #supply #chain co using innovative app for iphone
Bbq at house today will be a good time. Those coming over make sure to enter the sliding gate on wade street.
thanks! That will be awesome!
Shop and make a difference! we will donate $1 of every purchase to Japan's earthquake victims htpp://diamondstosilver.com
can't wait to see ABDC tonight :-)
#shocktheworld looking forward to it Lions!
Thanks man! We are almost there! Everything is right on schedule ;)
Don't be scared to take risks. If you succeed you become happy. If you fail you become wise.
Joint naval drills highlight warming ties
congrats. Glad for mike.
Oh, and happy April 1st!
Lmfao she's a Retard
People take a stand!!! They are already cheating in ward7 election.
We're gonna be this weekend. Come get the sweet treats!
I'm killing them hoes like Jason .
So happy for my IPhone update!
the one day I leave you go to the beach, turkey
"Polished brass will pass upon more people than rough gold." ~Lord Chesterfield... Really LOOK at what you see. ;)
RT : "What are they gonna say about him? That he was a kind man? That he was a wise man? Bullshit, man!" Dennis Hopper, RIP
I can't go either :"( an I'm so close just a 8 hour flight from LA
ya, that would be easy! just 2 blocks from the action
About to sleep like a baby,,, busy day tomorrow,,,
Yes, Bush is still closed today.
I wish I could fuck my dog
Ilia Delio, OSF is giving a workshop for the Sisters of St. Joseph today about Leadership in Christ in Evolution in Illinois
My favorite film maker is Tim Burton
While scuba diving, it's possible for an air space to develop in filled teeth which have eroded. Avoid pain & get regular dental check ups!
You're aces. Thanks! Ah, Love Me Nots are incredible! Sexy garage rock/spy/pop. Check em out. If you dig it, I'll send u an LP.
i tried 2 send you a DM but i dont know if its going through or not
It seemed like every inspection was just preparation for the next inspection. The field/humping the radio was almost a break
Friends I was hacked. So sorry for DM's saying bad rumors are being spread about you. That's a lie! Changed password, hopefully all good now
Hi Everyone! Go check out the article that #FortWorthStarTelegram is putting out about one of my properties on Oct 23rd.
Harry! Guess what?! I love you. A lot. Thank you for everything. I'm so proud of you!♥ :') xx
no but my scrubway sure did!
I'm right here.
Oh KG... Keep knocking em down.
All our Twitter family...HAPPY THANKSGIVING!! "Gratitude is born in hearts that take time to count up past mercies."~Charles Jefferson
Are you going to Motionless In White tomorrow?
5-60 years is sentencing range for #Huguely's two convictions. Jury is deliberating now.
We want you to join us one day! (Or one night - tonight! - for just $12)!
Crushing Morgan Webb, what else is new? Whenever she hosts aots or does those "Tiny Morgan" bits I light up. Wish she'd replace Munn.
Just straightened my hair in record time lol
Time or playoffs! #Spurs and Jazz today. #GoSpursGo Be sure to show some love to today's arena host
9:41 and I'm sleepy. This is a good thing
Last Day of Annual Inventory Sale: 20-80% off all wine, BOGO, Food and Merchandise Sales, $2 glasses of Chard, Rose, and More! Ends at 6pm!
Did you stay home this #BlackFriday, eat left over stuffing and work on that term paper? Tell us what you're up to!
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #travel because they understand digital media and travel adventure!
Yeah you know I needa' suppaafreakk
no we're sorry, we open for lunch during the summer and then only serve dinner during the winter
thanks nuthorn! It's fun so far :)) how's everything with you?
I'd call the cops to be honest.
Omg all I can say is God is good all the time.
« I love My followers ♥»
If tebow wins the superbowl the illumanati is out there heavy
Symposium Chair and University of Texas at #Austin Professor Calmon Alves is opening up
I would still have my linebacker stature, but being back home around the alcohol...yeah...i'ma lineman for a while
aww... he could save you money on car insurance!
Will do on keeping up the good work & thanks for the support. Butter, beef fat, lard - all so much tastier & good for you.
It's almost the end of our spring semester (we get out early). Not looking forward to the crazy times!
Back from the road... back to mixing my record POOF!!!!
Eating olives don't run in my family neither...90% of them mercadels and scott's eat ice...ice ice ice all day long
I also really wanna drive around bethel at midnight with and bro out. Taco Bell included
After yesterday's win over the Mariners, the Brewers are 19-3 and still in first place in the AL East.
Make plans to join us on November 6th at the Marquis Theater downtown with Warner Drive!
oh and you won!! That's awesome!
Ha My Bad
Just engaged a rental specialist and am thisclose to securing a temp place through ... #Orlando or bust!
Exactly. Pay what is necessary to bring in a difference maker, especially if they generate revenue!
Lol this late in the year?!?! I dont get homework!
I really enjoyed ur Mariah Carey artwork. The video was greatwork.
R.I.P to voice mails. Only reason I check my voice mail is to get rid of that symbol.
*Is she a Pagan? No but she was on charmed.*
Their Hollywood name would be Blackeye. That's probably not an Alycia original. It's still funny, though.
thanks, nina!
No, I left for a bit. There was some personal stuff going on, but now I think it helps to be on here...to laugh and to vent! :o)
Eastbound & Down
bro I am down!!!
Something's definitely afoot here... RT : Wisconsin has the look to me that they could be a top 3 to 5 team in the Country-EASY.
So my aunt wants me to run her liquor store up in Noblesville, idk if this is a good idea.
It's true. I got an email from talking about a viewing party for Game 4 at MSG.
a great day, volitility in the market means money can be made
do you think I'm pretty?
We are running a deal on Yelp! Get $20 for $10!
Good luck to you Charlie...Happy New Year...
Storms+classes < my bed
Hitting the bar at 5. Who's in?
DC should just say no to world's ugliest vending trucks.
why thank you! I believe you gotta love what you do and I do!
Happy 50th Birthday to the Memorial Coliseum. This day in 1960, the building hosted its 1st event, Holiday On Ice!
my bad. Had a long weekend. Haha. Ill send it within an hour.
Stay tuned in to your inner truth and her wisdom at all times.
----> RT : I was a better writer when I was emotionally unstable.
awww waking up to this made me so happy! 💙💙💜
Sister is not amused at accompanying me and Mom to art museum. Keeps pointing at potted plants, saying, "Look, it's art."
My mom has an excuse for everything
yes! Maybe I'll make learning how to play a new snow-themed tune part of my evening.
When girls brag to their boyfriend's about finally shaving their legs
So glad you're hosting #Duets - now it's a must watch!
yep. I used to live off Edmond and Fretz. I could barely hear it after awhile
#nowwatching The Avengers. Yes!
I whip my hurr back and forth
hey simone I miss u I didnt see u today
Don't say something without think first! The best way to say somenting is by thinking first.
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks! Someday, somewhere #excellit will happen.
You're adorable.
Follow back khalid
I've lost 4.5 pounds since i weighed in last week. Total of 10.5!! 10 more to go! #Focused and Determined :-)
Yes of course, I will talk to you then!
“Do not give yourself over completely to anybody.” - Toni Morrison
“: Gl to and one of the biggest sickos I know.......Farid jattin” ditto
Another solid practice. Keep it rolling
why nt share wth women hw nt to fall for the samething Eve did she did not realize she was already what he said!
Thank you for the mention! We hope gets a chance to see our #solar light bulbs in action in
Shakin My Head at She is Mean lol, wyd?
congrats Monica!
LVB is closed at Gass and Third- avoid when coming downtown for the next couple hours! use Maryland!
My exact thoughts too. I assume Reimold will be out a bit longer since Avery is up now.
Valentines Day comment: Besides diamonds, get extra points with a new kitchen or bathrrom from us. Call us 305-232-3344
The majority of Adrien Brody's movies are of him in situations where he is almost dead, he's a really good actor at playing tired and weak.
Looking forward to meeting with Tuesday to learn more about #EMAC at
Yeah, but how long till they go Kolb...the graphic they put up of Reid blowing a big lead in '99 gives some promise.
More lies? You're terrible.lol
Taylor Gang or drown in the Willy Wonka chocolate river.
uhh wait, what? Can we remedy this immediately?
I feel like puking... It's 3:05 am and I can't sleep...
yah but people do that at Lux.
uhg omg this Desperate Housewives is killing me. theres to much stuff going on cklndsklnvsjkdnvkdsnvskdlnvdslnvsdl
We had a ridiculously awesome time last night Indiana! Can't wait to come back! <3
Thankful for your Mom's homemade pie. Have a great holiday!
thanks and now I have something exciting to wake up to!! :))) #StupidSchool lol yep thts right I have school tomorrow :P
Saw at the Improv last night and the show was great. I wanted to say awesome, but...
Greinke/Lincecum is must-see TV.
did he mention it alot to bug you?
I hope everyone gets a lot of value from it.
This Thursday at 7 PM, join OVS & Rabbi Kassorla at OU For U Cafe in Sandy Springs for a delicious supper & lively discussion on Kabbalah.
That knee is finished.
walk coming up this weekend. Can't wait!
My legs are falling asleep, but it's worth it...
Sharon!!! How are you??
I Feel So Good Today..I Am Goin Outside And Enjoy This Day...Have A Blessed Day Facebook... *BMG*
: call me a naysayer but I kinda don't like it. Good memories of freezing my ass off at Chicago parades.
ello love. Friday I'll have a crew of like 15 for a bday, where will you be?
Busy, busy trying to keep everyones auditions & callbacks straight! I need something that will make the day longer so I can get more done!
Feelin great! Shoutz to everyone on they Friday Night Flow
GET TYO AS KICKED BY A NIGGA SMALLER THAN YOU DOODLE BOP NIGGGA *said extremly fast but fluently*.
you guys didn't say new student when came into your class.. Lol
Orange juice: making me feel human at ungodly hours of the morning since 1983.
RT : Today the bank began eviction process 4 homeowner Monique White. Join us tmrw 12pm 2 discuss plans to defend her home...
That's not an ERA. It's an Area Code.
I'd build you one of those, but it would involve... movement.
Cook out :)
Sticks and stones may break our bones, but words will never harm me.
All I can say is you wouldn't want to get rear-ended by that thing.
Interested in marketing? We're looking for someone to join our summer Marketing & Advertising intern team! careers(at)614mediagroup(dot)com
thanks for the follow. Any events going on soon?
"he is cock blocking himself" Lmao!!! <3
Time to relax and let me sing to you. Ill send you a few of my Frank, Tony, Nat, Type songs. Message me your email address Ill sendu 3 Mp3s.
that's an understatement. (; LOVED IT.
Stay classy Milwaukee Police Department.
AND MAYBE WE COULD BUST THIS JOINT AND SEE IF MY PLACE IS OPEN TO CHILL...
Nearly $6M in Idaho lottery prizes unclaimed
but it will change promise lol
Rumor has it that Esquire is writing an article on the best bars in the US and they will be featuring several Milwaukee bars (including us)!
Censorship reflects a society's lack of confidence in itself.
Design conversation 31: Demonstration happening now
Visionless leaders focus on Austerity as the way out of debt. Leaders with vision focus on Prosperity as the way out of debt. Move FORWARD!
...If you want me in your life, you will do what is needed to put me there and keep me there.
Okay Ross(: QUESTION FOR YOU :D Choose!: Batman or Superman? ^.^
Ain't stressing about a damn thing
Always in the hunt for top IT talent in South Florida
The next cover will be a Foster The People song... :)
something's turned me anti-chill
Im with you on that
lol dm me I gotta tell you about the dance !
Just now hittn the pillow again, z
Indeed a pleasure to see you! RT thanks for coming!!! Glad you enjoyed the treats!
u got a new number
Hey! Thanks for mention!
no doubt RT I think it's safe to say that I'm the reason is now riding for #WhatAYear bit.ly/rRNIFT
I take some clutch naps after school.
PISP TV IS FILMING LIVE AT THE RICHMOND COUNTY FAIR TODAY WITH
What music?
I'm workin' on it Hilary! :-)
So in love with Trespassing! Seriously jammin' hard to Shady, and literally crying to Outlaws of Love. You, are...beautiful.
Seriously its too fucking hot in my room!
Check your DM :D
Hey stranger! I hope you're well, it's been forever. Be sure to also follow ! What have you been up to these days?
I just found out that gorilla warfare has nothing to do with "real" trained gorillas.
End a long work week with a slow glass of Tank 7. And a memorable day for KCUR. Enjoy retirement, Walt Bodine.
Try contacting Philadelphia More Beautiful at 215-685-3981. They can provide information on litter enforcement or deterrents.
Have you booked with don't get left without a cabin on one of the best party cruise!
ikr...u see im gaining followers!! hurray for me lol...u cool aswell!! i be on here cracking up....holla back...
Ghetto Word of the Day: Dictate “His dictate like shit”.
happy Wednesday
Just had breakfast with in Yonkers, Ny
Social determinants of health are the best predictors of readmission to the hosptial
Thank you so much for sharing!!!! I greatly appreciate it. :-)
I would too...love her exuberance at games RT What i really want in life is to be friends with Ray Allen's mom via
If you think one person can't make a difference, you've never slept with a mosquito in the room! #askObama your questions using the #
Debating on whether or not to sleep or stay up and watch reruns....Hmm tough question..I'll go with the 2nd one i'm not tired :)
At Virginia now! Hitting NYC today!
Happy Saturday Skulk! XOXO!
or even better, just don't assume things about me. Don't assume my kindness for weakness--Just Remember, I'm a real fucking bitch.
"Love and hate are crucial for critics, along with deep-seated ambivalence." Morris Dickstein last week in the
at least the week is more than halfway over now, can't wait for a three day weekend!!!
Weaver. No-hitter.
Today in 1794 opened to the public
or blood in the snow gives CROM a smile
Congrats on the new job, Alan. Welcome to the Buckeye state!
Can't wait..hopefully its the REAL cool down and not another tease
Was really hoping for a woman to be Governor of Wisconsin. But, I'll settle for Walker not being Governor of Wisconsin
Getting ready to wrap up the day at #ommavideo a great day learning about advertising and video
Ready for the #ipad to destroy Twitter. And probably the whole internet. Wheeee!
RT : I highly recommend chocolate soy milk on cereal. I was out of plain and this is working great! Sugar rush in 3...2...1...!!!
what is with all the death?
Francisco's pants! :)
Lay down on ya stomach,spread your ass cheeks and let me go deep in that pussi...slow deep strokes so you can fill it all in you ;)
hey handsome.
can u follow me plz
nigga live can't wait till he hit miami
Sorry I missed this tweet! Can you send me some more info on the summit? Thx!
like what?
Watch them be on Americas best dance crew. WATCH IT HAPPEN. WATCH.
Are you okay?!?
- Prasino in chicago.
agreed. See also: Banner Saga.
whooohoo! Win it!!
RT : Photo: Do something with your Broken & Out dated Gold Jewelry. Get Creative, we can redesign using your own......
We love you too!! :) Have a great weekend! RT : Penny loves !
Good job!
Ok maybe he settles for Rapunzel
Won our softball game, now watching The Cardinals game!<3 #CardsAreWinning 5-0!
new username :)
Biking in rain is awesome until you get home and have to pick worms of your bike and legs!
The new paints are in the store, and have been input into the system so they can be purchased! I will be posting a pic soon
chillin wit fenna drink & cook tonight
Hope we get to see you both in!
"If you think you are leading and turn around to see no one following, then you are just taking a walk"
It might not be worth it
thanks for the blog follow and the mention
don't kid yourself, that Linking Park song was horrible. Jay z and Talking Heads
Oh is so comforting. Yup. To that fucking hole bye.
Anyone know why my disconnected Verizon internet box has been beeping all night? Feels like I'm in a Friends episode.
Your looking for a boyfriend, i see that, give me time, you know im gonna be there!
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!! Who's ready for a fiesta complete with margaritas and beer?
ALL my sales for any person: Recommend and Refer, equals Rewards and Royalties ANYTIME a friend you refer to me, you WILL get products!
I'll be in Nashville the week before the shower... Let's get together!
Congratulations to your new son and daughter are so beautiful! #twins!
True love in the morning. ": I need some Starbucks in my life this morning."
Losing an hour isn't fun. What would you rather do with the time? If all in the US share 1 hour w/ friends or causes, it totals 35,000...
"Don't seek reassurance. Seek change." -Harry Beckwith
Just ran the numbers, both Illinois schools are within 500 miles of Wooster, Scots likely to host Sweet 16 and Elite Eight
“: If I only had to follow 1 person on here it would probably be #toofunny”<
what's up Chica?!
“: also daily mass mailings as well, he's more annoying than the head on commercials” yep; getting those, too.
Hope you get banned for life you thug. Shit at football, shit at being a human being. Go away you scum
the ability to make groceries appear in my refrigerator
Hope everyone has a great Easter!
Her husband is getting arrested and she is taking pictures-that's weird right?
We couldn't of had a fire drill on a more perfect day 
If you don't like country you are obviously black, or you have never actually lived the country life for a day
Patty & I are going over your Twitter 101 slides
"BITCH YOU GOT RAPED, GET OUT" is what you yell after a rape. it is not what you yell during -- what is ostensibly -- televised sports
Considering Ford has a huge plant in Ontario, there could be a lot of "hosers" there.
let's sail away ,find out own country..we'll build a house and beds out of pine trees.let's get away, lets push our lives away
If I didn't answer your text/bbm I'm not ignoring you, my phones acting fucking retarded!
I wonder if we have school tomorrow our teachers were giving us work for us to do if we had no school
Nobody loves me but my mother,And she could be jivin too. B. B. King
#Denver we will be at Lodo's at 3:30pm.. Can't wait!
ref with me! then you can be there and feel this excitement all the time!
10.) god is the one I admit everything to the one I trust and love forever
follow back so i can DM you
Nice collection! That looks like inspiration enough. :-)
Way to go #NYR!!! Bring on the Devils - Let's do this!!
WHAT? twitpic. right now.
Wishing Columbus' a huge congratulations on another Emmy nomination this year for Into the Wild! Awesome job!
Sleep soon (: #realtired goodnight hmm.. (: prayers to a great day tomorrow 🙏 (:
Looking forward to welcome you! See you tomorrow!
Vanilla cream soda it ridiculous good O.o
morn boo!!
Instead I'm going to listen to Blizzard of Ozz and sulk.
Be careful when manipulating review content. Your intent can be misconstrued. Just educated customers. Be transparent & natural.
you know it
My 2012 resolution is to drink the same amount as I did in 2011.
Social security is NOT an entitlement, dammit! Stop calling it that.
Certainly a group that will #LiveyourTalk and proud of it! Cheers to moving forward and a great day.
I'm testing this new Chrome Extension that lets you post to Google+, Twitter and Facebook at the same time! W00t!
I'm always catching my cousins scratching their butts. It's so weird.
Guess who's girlfriend I'm playing in the show?
Glad you made it OK. Great to see all you #NewPal cats!
Some random ass boy keeps on walking back and forth past the holiday hair...nigga sit yo ass down.
how to have a better attitude for sure!
Thanks for the follow! Hope you're doing well up north!
Got my new car... dealing with car salesmen gave me a headache.
following back love :)
does the lotus news hurt/help and ?
A lovely #FF to new friends and old!
Need a gift in a hurry? Morton's New eGift Cards delivered with the click of a button. www.mortons.com
Haven't bit my nails in two Weeks..that's a great achievement for me.lol
Someone made a really simple gesture towards me today that I needed. I know we're friends, but he will never know how much it meant :)
<<<<<Everyone follow this good tweeple right here!!
"It's the prophecy. It was foretold a 1000 years before dinosaurs." "As cool as that sounds, how awesome would it be to deny the prophecy?"
Rough piece this afternoon wtih but super job reacting to the
RT if you are holding or using an apple product right now. RIP STEVE JOBS you will be missed<3
now that i'm on computer and not phone, I see who you are :-) guess you already know about MJHS BYOD program :-)
Hope my home of MKE treated you well. :)
if you are really Miley follow me and we talked for DM, please.
haha whatever he did, it worked.
Clearly Atlantic Records needs a talkin' to. Prepare the pie charts and spreadsheets!!
Nobody can prove life after death. But if there is a hell...it's probably a lot like driving behind an old person when you're in a hurry.
Life's not about the people who act true to you face. It's about the people who remain true behind your back.
Have you ever made a girl's legs shake?
I am already naked. Still hot. And also, DON'T TALK ABOUT MY CAT LIKE THAT BITCH
A wise person recognizes the supreme Self in all activities and views all activities as mere expressions of the Self.
Boston Dynamics Big Dog (new video March 2008)
Thanks for the follow, Madeline!
Am going to try out this Twitter thing... :)
I don't get it, this guy is NOT ATTRACTIVE. Why are all these women making fools of themselves over him?
"Happy St. Patrick's Day"
#Nothingfeelsbetterthan having the perfect accessories to go with your favorite outfit.
Powerful last sentence. #ShabbatShalom !
cheers again man! Appreciated...
Everybody's happier after a margarita... :)
More than anything, I want you to be thinking of me, missing me as much as I miss you.
very chilly this morning. No wonder Suh's car skidded out of control downtown...
Donk freestyle by gives me life.
Jamaican quote "Chicken merry hark deh near." Translation: If you continue with the violent romping, one person will get hurt.
Back to Boston tomorrow. It's been so nice being home! Wish it could last longer, but what can ya do...
that dumb Jamie Lee Curtis and her #Activia commercials. As a man, I feel like I'm not allowed to eat it now.
Who came up with the number 140 for the limit anyway? Haha it so random!
Enjoyed the great weather tonight after work. Not cooking - thx for #glutenfree #peanutfree pizza Also, having some veggies!
juss ran into Arnaz at WalMart...awkward. but he sound different lol
I love playoff hockey. [oh i apologize, people have said this before? yes, because it is that awesome]
Stranded at my desk on a Friday night.
Wow. I thought my tweets were gay..
Second that one RT : true story! speaking of Horlick...
Nice meeting you, Dustee. I look forward to reading your tweets!
Looking 4ward to hearing Terry Brooks tonight Child Care Provider Spring Institute.
ROWING: Modified rowers take their maiden voyage at Saratoga Invitational WITH VIDEO
that's what it was?!?? I saw him faint on my way to the gym and didn't do shit
looking for a database architect in nyc with conceptual experience within the investment banking industry
We have a show tonight at Charlie's in Austin! See you there, Oklahomies!
This sick fuck sent 8 pix of his dick to a 13yr old girl LOCK THAT NIKKA UP !!!!!
Smoltz signed another couple of cards for me. Cause he's awesome.
i are so unhappy. i'm starting to hate glitter as much as him.
you answer everybody but me .. I'm sad, I cry
Yea we been kool fo a long time
Passing Out, Stomach Ache , Headaches, & Throwing Up Smh
okay (: when do I have to send it ? And do I send just the pictures ? Or put the pics together in a video ?
But you can name your son Roberto!!
what song would you choose if you made a duet with Austin?
