Complaints about We Care Oregon / Intl? Contact ORDOJ. They have an open file on Randall Carl. More complaints coming in.
Don't let Wisconsin become Milwaukee....vote for Walker.
sounds good buddy
Awake way to early. When will E sleep past 6?
Yeah...We gonna blow Colonel Sanders to Nuggets!
I don't know I like Pque lol why am I kswiss
I know it's all my fault, and I feel obligated to fix it.
She got the Sweet Couscous, which lived up to its name, and then went about a mile past it. Who puts powdered sugar with lamb?!
I'm seriously depressed right now..
#36THMCM go Whitney Blackmore! I am so proud of you!
Hoops after school today in the square gym.
RT : What's better than watching rich people argue about being rich? Attractive people eating human flesh?
I just found out that they are opening a store at the Grove in LA :) ah i know where im spending my future paychecks.
Its lightning....<<<
-- I will be wearing the sluttiest outfit there!!! ans I will be at the LoveVoodoo booth with a huge banner!
In all the attention lavished on the guy who quit Goldman via the NYT, not nearly enough has been said about his being a ping pong champ.
Who is playing the whistle song and what is wrong with you
Here at the BEC rally. Strong turn out I'm bad at guessing crowd numbers so I won't but War Memorial building is crowded.
I'm done with #Facebook. F*'?k this!!!
yuck face!!! lol sounds good girl! let me know if you need my address again!
“: My nose just got real stuffy n I can't stop sneezing”Bless you!!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt Let another year of inspiration begin! Get ready!
:Tom JoePa was never on trial.He was one of my hero's those lowlifes at the top used him as the scapegoat,they are crap
I love you crooks . Get yo as over here
So I need information from gmail to finish my taxes, the one day gmail wants to be down... ugh.
Ok. You're annoying me. BYE.
Big whit zig zag, I fill you up from my bag, let's have a party. Proceed to party!!!!!!
lol who knew called some of his fans nicknames like sweetie, babe, and darling.
Gretzky steps down as Coyotes coach
Pick up Matt Barnes on your NBA fantasy teams because Metta World Peace just went all Artest & should be suspended for year.
Had a great time filming more scenes for "The Device". Great stuntmen and a Ninja Woman there! High falls, setting a guy on fire. Fun :)
always had :)
missed this tweet before but psyched to have you on board !
At a really nice cafe with cute food and a cute boy...
Sup String?
Dearest phone, please stop running away from me. It's going to make me think that you don't like me. :-(
Back to the Countdown: FIVE Days Before my last day of employment.
Bahahaha now that i tweeted that i lost a follower . #gottalovethat lol #urloss ;D
4 Unintended Consequences of the JOBS Act for the Startup Community
Pauline, I love the last line of your Twitter bio!!! :)
One of the guys doing a voice for RODAN also did one for Bullwinkle. Kind of awesome.
Epic night! Broken toe, new friends! Encore tonight! (But sans broken toe)
I don't think I know a guy who uses it except to see what it is for a second and then quit.
Time to follow Joe for some rich content.
story on Joplin on CBS, all i could think of was jordan playing there.
Someone asked me to be a model for an album cover for a photography class they're taking. It made me feel special. :)
lol what! I never heard of that..too bad it sounds fun lol
YB Media Group's first official project for the year 2012....... Please check out the page and "follow".
I am having a blast here at the factory, performance time for the 5 weekers
Thanks! I have some shows lined up in Santa Cruz, Oakland and Napa and then I'm focusing on my album release. LA dates soon!
Flow is like cancer deadly
I hate seeing people I know at Walmart, when.you're with your family -_-
Thanks! Is there a typewriter exhibit at the museum? I've never seen it.
I LOVE & RESPECT MA DUKES () CUZ SHE RASIED 2 HARD HEAD AS BOYZ THE BEST SHE COULD & I WILL NEVER FORGET THAT
Isn't it always sunny in FL?
how have you been since the show? Have you participated in any marathons or triathlons?
No way, your confused
...a gif gift! Its wonderful! Thank you, Shannon! I got my instagram thingy today. Let the photographic splendor commence!
I'm a space bound rocket ship and your hearts the moon, and I'm aimin right at you, right at you #nowplaying :)
Thanks so much for posting the Dr. Bill podcasts. I'm a Bay Area transplant to NYC, and was bummed to learn of KGO's folly.
NICE....way To GO
well I mainly watch movies, I don't really watch tv very often, except American Dad, Family Guy, and King of the Hill.
Serves right for leaving this party early...Pack struggling
half my iPod notes are "wrrite this storery"
Or maybe Men at Work mixed with Of Montreal. Anyway. Music is great.
You, too!
Twitter is a lil slow face book is better sorry guys.....still cool though....
wait, that doesn't make sense either... :)
Welcome back #Suffolk!
Keep lucroy in the two hole for god sakes....unbelievable. I Guess RR doesn't want to see guys on base for Braun
yeah that sounds good! I remember him saying something about it too
congrats!! brilliant record.
I'm glad to know someone else reacts the same way I always have.
Working on squeeze pages for my new website www.CreditCardNegotiations.com - pre-launch coming soon!!
....or so you think
Fair warning: You'll want those 2+ hours of your life back when it's over. Or at least the last hour and a half... Enjoy the 3D.
Bring it home boys
Gotta cook daughter breakfast, get dress, haircut, take daughter downtown #KidsDay, studio wit bro den da
Penny Auction News And Reviews
It's National Poetry Month! Who's your favorite poet?
feel really grateful to have seen that in person
how were auditions last night?
No problem! It's an interesting concept and brilliant use of QR codes.
Go Mountaineers!
Now offering pick up service for our rent A car customers. 1-888-581-4446 option 100 or
"Hairspray" opens tomorrow at Riverwalk and is almost completely sold out for the two week run!!!!!!
Good morning cuz! :) RT : Good morning everyone!!! Let's see who says it back
is previewing the exclusive 88nine iPhone app and new Web site in his preso at 1:50
right next to you;P
For some reason, I keep typing "y" ("and" in Spanish) in place of Tironian et (7)--confusing code-switching.
Great article as always Trish!
The Real Housewives of Miami is interested in our Spa for a film location. How cool would that be?
ur not live:o GO ! i miss u already:)
Follow my homie
Last-minute (local) reminder: pizza & Wii in the Grad Lounge for Praxers & DH Fellows now!
You can also find me in Foreword Magazine and in the New York Times book of reviews!!
#scms12 excited for panel with wendy chun, mary anne doane + kara keeling
Duke, Indiana, UCONN and Kentucky in the same region. There's some tradition on that branch of the tree.
Sleep sleep sleep ohow I'm gonna kill u n my next set of dreams! U neva let me sleep let alone give me what I want :( ur perverted n gross
The head of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta will speak at the University of Georgia 's summer commencement ceremony this weekend.
When did being quiet get dropped from etiquette at the public library? I think it would be easier to read/work inside a jet engine.
RT “: S/O to He could be the next face of INGAWOOD Clothing”
Man Mr. Hayter you are the coolest guy. Doing the coolest voice, playing a kickass game and writing badass movies.
Tomorrow dodger firework night omg >.< !!!!!!!!!!
Touring WVU Hospital & University Health Associates facilities this afternoon. Bobby Nelson radio show WRVC in Huntington at 3:10 pm then...
U say that like it's a bad thang. :)
Give up c en fly
Just like Here and Hear - y'all be lookin stupid online lol
Nothing's happening.
IMMEDIATE NOTICE: For YourHRPortal followers ONLY! Limited offer! 6 MONTHS FREE PUBLICITY! for details!
super fun seeing you today! Looking over the photos right now and I think we have some winners for sure :)
Does anyone know how to tie a safety rooooooo... -trapese artist's last words
Haha!! That was funny though!!lol
: Pacquiao dares Mayweather to $140m fight where the winner gets 70% and the loser gets 30%
Watching Phil and Tiger finish at Pebble...
congratulations! You must be so excited, that is a great accomplishment
Let's join forces in a pledge to use the internet for good. Unless, you know, evil is more fun.
Lilac sunday with my mom :)
true that<3
Thx for the RT! IMHO, this is just another reason why senior-ranking execs must prioritize internal blogs, social networks, etc.
Day #2 of voting. We need all the votes we can possibly get. Tell everybody you know, don't know, wanna know, & don't wanna know to VOTE NOW
Not sure but had the opportunity to sit down with DJ, his dad and Coach Sanders last night & my notes say 21st.
I thought it was comical
kinda want to be an astronaut n go to space, but I just think I love playing board games to much.Or do they have anti gravity mall madness?
scrappin' the jaw, scrappin' the jaw!
The feature artist tonight is Mikel Patrick, Chef demo from Kabuki Japanese Restaurant, & live music from Nick Mattera
Lost a reader I know im not the only one, I was a mike silver & a Quinn fan now just a Quinn fan release the tape prove me wrong
Cristina and Owen's story breaks me. It really does.
There aught to be a law! If I find nail remnants somewhere, I am out of here.
I don't have many non #hockey followers, but this game is really why you should pay attention to the
- I was too. And, when you watch the video, Romney doesn't "get" the seriousness of his actions.
Reluctant kid forced to buy It's a Trap tee by cool mom. Happy Mother's Day to us!
you crack me up with your sayings
Long notes tied over the bar line to eighths virtually always mean: off on downbeats, not on the rests following the eighth notes
Omq i really wanna be in matt hunters music video i emailed i would the happiest person in the world if i qot choosen<3
DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel San Diego is offering 15% OFF to all Diversity Platinum cardholders!!!!!
saw 'Judy Mody And The Not Bummer Summer' :p.
Oh I'm retweeting this you Bully
(Donald Laird) No one is any better than you, but you are no better than anyone else until you do something to prove it.
Calling it now: Over the life of Peyton's contract with the Denver, Matt Cassell will win exactly as many Super Bowls
do you have a link for that title you won in Washington DC last year? Highest customer loyalty or something like that?
Well, at least now we have the injury excuse
love the new pic
Johnny G 1st major home run give him a follow
bad news: according to #VoodooSheeny there is allegedly some "bad energy" in our apartment.
Couples Night! 2-for-1 Entry for ALL COUPLES! and SHOWGIRL OF THE YEAR TOMORROW!!!! Don't miss it!
I am so dead right now.
haha, that's awesome! :)
Good times last night. Have a safe flight. Till next time boys!
Poring over new photographic works by Lucas Foglia for Stunning images, which we'll feature in our Fall issue.
thanks for that vote of confidence. I'll do my best not to let you down!
God Bless You.
me too (: we should get back to that thoughts ..the flirty ones.. :$
Hate when ppl call n hang up that's like 20 times this week! Maybe I should take my number off my website since ppl wanna be foolish
Just saved 30 cents a gallon on gas! Thank you, Smith's rewards.
just did the sweetest appearance on his wife's segment on HSN! ♥ them!
If im tweetin that means its been a slow morning at the Coffee House... Come get your damn coffee people
Who needs skill, ethics or judgement when you enjoy a complete lack of accountability?
I hope so too. Keep in touch, when you're nearby.
But in so many states, that's illegal! Crazy, eh? But it's "stealing a resource." We repeat - crazy!
Getting more and more weary every time I get asked if I'm old enough to a) sit in an exit row b) qualify for the adult ticket.
hahaha I love how you inform us that you'll be in town to drink.
Hi Eduardo, I'm great! how's Maracay? I still <3 Venezuela
YAH! Ok good luck with that..
Kobe is sick from the news about Chris "Pervman" Andersen & he's going to take it out on the rest of the Nuggets.
Sometimes I wish we just wore uniforms to school.
My buddy came back to school from vegas today.. missed my little asian!
So over fighting that I just feel so ready to give in & just apologize for something I don't even need ot be sorry for...
Weird seeing SVP with hair on the Fab 5 doc. where did that come from?
Lol!!!!!! RT : I was so high once, I walked into class, late, sat down and tried to put my seatbelt on.
I agree with him, and remember,Ladies don't take shits or blow guys with their boxers off, gotta suck it threw the pee hole
m cherries are my favorite. I got a bag last night but they were too tart. I guess I'll just have to try again :)
I've tried 3 in Australia and 7 in Seattle but they are annoying ._.
Career Opportunities >> Jennifer Connelly >> White Tank Top = Yes!!!
To the guy on the motorcycle near UWM... Really?!?! My car says 34 degrees. Props, but sorry about the shrinkage.
Back to practice in the morning. 2 more days till the freshmen year starts.
Looking for outdoor living ideas for my next column. What would you like me to tackle next?
agree on path:: Instagram. Actually I'd go with private API first, mobile second, website/decent public API third for both.
We're learning about Balance on GazziliWords — this is a must for Preschoolers!
Hi to our Newest Followers! We anticipate volunteering w/ u :)Pls RT!
i'll be there again..
Wow reading all these comments on 8 Flavahz performance and Angel's moms death is making me tear up ;/
Why does Uthoff want to transfer after red shirting this year? He would likely have been a starter this year. Seems just as odd as blocking.
thank you:)
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Aye cuz tell ur momma happy mothers day for me
unless it's about to thunder and lightning this rain&clouds needs to clear up right now.
#nowplaying "Deep Within the Corners of my Mind" - Melody Gardot
god also doesn't exist, but whose counting :)
i say give him a couple beers and put him in Fron of the tv with Discovery Channel on
Mavs v thunder is gonna be a great series
Awkward moment when you get to the #gym and one of your ear buds doesn't work. #gohome haha
Webb Students If you need a book during exams or over the summer, check-out the library's honor collection.
Time to stick it the floor and finish off strong! Game on!
Meeting up in Toluca Lake tonite with many. No dress up for me this year; couldn't find and Evel K costume
LET'S GO
Self-reliance is the only road to true freedom, and being one's own person is its ultimate reward. ~ Patricia Sampson
im great(; just at work , u?
Thanks for all of the concern/getting-out/keeping me busy today. I appreciate everybody who is relevant to my day today. It was needed
Get ready to get Driked tonight!
Oh yea...Team Tampico all the way!! :D Glad ya like :)
Ok I don't really know what I'm doing but I'm just gonna throw it in at 425 degrees. Here goes nothin!
oh my goodness that little stinker! I bet he wouldn't do that to me :) miss y'all!
Good night to go out let take you to the hardrock casino
thanks, we appreciate your support, please pass us along to friends!
Would I, could I. I always fear drinking from the shards of wine-bottles may give me bloody lips. Any remedy in mind?
Maybe you'll get this, I wanted to tell you how much respect I have for you in your exemplary handling of H Cain
Gotta love the inevitable trip through a third world country.
Fresh off her "Nude Scarlett Johansson" expose, Fox News' Jana Winters pens a bold revelation w/ 16 cites of *one* anonymous src.
hell yeah dude, Jason is the shit!
i did:) lol
DC Jazz Jam is now on twitter! Just finishing up our post-Thanksgiving jam session with a great house band quartet and lots of guests.
Hahaha unlimited front row seats. love it.
im n dis bitch
no abortions son! Mo kids, mo
That would be lots of kiddos running around if you kept them all :-)
“ “ I hate hearing something that absolutely kills you inside and having to act like you don't care.””
Guess I'll actually start tweeting again.
LOL i love karma, this boy used to call me ugly and shit, I just saw his Yearbook picture, he looks like a motherfuckin turkey.. BAAGUKKKK!”
If I could play Battlefield 3 on Steam... I wouldn't be having these issues. EA you need to step up your game with Origin.
well, they have a lead right now.
When I am not attached to the outcome, I am magical!
Waking home from Clarendon. Gorgeous weather!
The will be streaming all 60 Bracelet Event Final Tables in 2012 |
yeah, i think im the only one who buys it tho... Never met some one rocking any of that besides at shows
#WFFConf12. Amazing turn out for first time attendees - this awesome - welcome to WFF!
Wow. Just read that Whitney Houston has died at 48. What a tragedy. RIP.
Cech is saving your asses.
because Zane told her. And I called Zane and he swore I did
A 2 billion dollar blunder? Wow is/he in a witness protection program yet? 1/1000th of Chase value says 1 "expert" LOL all I can say is WTF?
thanks for your perspective - we are fans
Wilson tours home devices kindle ipad boxy tv sonos and last.fm mmoving towards discovery of content in highly liquid form.
remember last week when you rolled around on the ground?
"If you're not a white girl, then why do you dress like a white girl?" My FORMER favorite bartender. Who thinks I look like an art student.
Shane bout to get knocked out lol!!!
": S/O to my new follower!!!! #FOLLOWME #TEAMFOLLOWBACK #OHYea" much love
Boomer knows more about every thing than every one.
THANK GOD!!!!!!!!! IT's OVER! #Arsenal (never been so happy to finish 3rd.)
Oh god its the new year, crossing my fingers 2012 is good, cos 2011 sucked!
Not just one of those fake smiles, a real, happy smile! I wanted to hug him so bad! And say that its okay!<3
what time are you heading out to Orlando?
Listening to #BeastieBoys station on in memory of Adam Yauch.
Wish prep for tomorrow's Wiz auditions were as easy as "Easin' on Down the Road". I'll be playing the part of the director, wish me luck!
Hahaha “: Kobe looks like shit. Get it?”
NOTHING sucks more?
funny how a simple comment grows tangents in twitter
So you want somewhere on page to say "commentary"? Or, "the opinions expressed do not necessarily" ...? Like in newspaper?
Pirates never check voicemail either?
if i remember, yes lol
go bosie state
. I practically live at Cafe du Monde when :) which is why beignets sound good (I miss em)
Tweet. Tweet.
That awkward moment when you have a better chance at finding Waldo than a boyfriend.
thank you. You are too
When it rains, it really pours as chaos reigns
This is quite depressing “: South Korea has a national "Forever Alone" day.”
plus fucking one.
You're quite welcome! Any time.
i live in florida holllaaa
Don't know when the power will be back, but the QUICKTRIP is closed, that is almost apocolyptic
If you don't stand for nothin, you'll fall for anything
You earned it! Keep up the great work! RT : I'm proud to have been asked to become a member of Phi Kappa Phi!
lol guys my fanfics r such fails.
I second this! : Definitely not happy about springing forward tonight.
I don't wanna make a fool out of myself. This is so not me. Lol. I need to stop caring and just do it.
song idea: waiting for a hurricane
where you stay neef? You moved?
My day starts at 5:30 am-I was going to sleep at this time during the summer. Adjustment sucks!
I won't be suck a fuckface, don't worry <3
Thank you for your kind regards and warm welcome! 🏆
Is there somewhere to order an official MSU swim cap for my sister for Xmas? I'd appreciate any insight as to where! Thanks!
#tanishagetsmarried I been there done that...that dating site shit fA the birds..that's blaming ur mistakes on sum1 else is f'n retarded!!
In LAX with my dreams and my cardigan
i want to follow me! D:
Thx! That's great to hear! RT I <3 the #kiosks at Kaiser! Is it that ppl don't see them/like them? It's ez w/no line...
!!! RT “: Hard work beats talent”
do they market to teachers? Seems like a big group that would have time to check email around that time.
Dorothy Parker was thrown out of the Convent of the Blessed Sacrament for characterizing the conception of Jesus as "spontaneous combustion"
Kinda like noels mom did?RT Jabari ain't goin to UK his mama can't stand Calipari she already done said he ain't goin
Starving is me waiting for you; fasting is you waiting for me. lol
yay!!! I am le Renee if you want to connect there
#ItsCrazyHow we're doing the one thing we said we would never do..
thats what i am saying they are amazin!!!! Inside and out
we blew it on fourth down defense, ramos lets the ball hit him on kickoff smh...
Sucks u got caught in that mess.
Laundry n ironing...eventually
ok no tears yet, im on the right track! ;D
Happy Thanksgiving!!! I hope you enjoy time with your family and friends!
I wish I was in Vegas doing the same with you! Although, I am eating some food and drinking some drinks too. Except in NYC! :)
Fuck it, we'll do it live! Stage of Finals week. I hope I come out of this in one piece.
I need to reconnect with my tweeter peeps... Been away for a long min. Someone get me back into the game ; )
This girls voice is so annoying.....
aww that rules! We're excited too! Make sure you say hi!
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week!
Thanks for picking up Billy Purgatory!
In need of any awesome dance partner for the dance party!! Vandy? USF?
A perfect reason why all self-defense laws should be "attempt to retreat" self-defense laws.
where is taking us tonight?
no I didn't.... I meant señor
someplace new. Elsa's on the park.
jaw throbbing. hillbilly heroin. vanilla pudding. tsoukalos.
I'm not going to school. And what "Thang"?
you, too! Have you heard anything, yet? Good luck!
#ImSickOf Happy PPl
So the Swine Flue has really brought the world to its knees like the media said it would?
if u ask why one more time Ima choke you!! U will see
I want to change my NCAA bracket picks. I did an auto fill for fav picks and forgot to tweak it. Oops!
S/O to everyone who can't stop hating on Boosie..y'all sound like real BITCHES!
lmao yu still ain't out grew that word
please follow me back :)
Oh and for my mexican followers El Diablo is ok
Q5: it depends on how much of the pigment melanin you have in your iris. Green is the rarest
If the love is tru, nothing will keep you apart...
Workin on tweetin my battery away almost there 100% to go
Money has become entry into politics in a system founded on shunning the "haves."
In case you haven’t heard, 12/12/12 will officially be Aaron Rodgers Day in Wisconsin. Mark your calendar!
#sorry for not telling you how much you ment to me
time to start learning how to index travel websites. ,-)
in doing a book review on my latest book, "Young Guns"?
This bus Driver look like Daddy yankee lmaoo
Terrific #codeforamerica talk today from Watch for continued coolness from color.
yea, yea all this hype about JB and M. Buble's Christmas album. I say Christmas takes the cake anyday. And i love cake..
do you by any chance know where I'd find those levels on the website?
Is it wrong to trick or treat as a 21 year old? I just want dem nomz
TOTALLY ok with Cena winning that. That was fucking hardcore. I can't wait to own this PPV on DVD.
you should follow me<3
It would be quite the PR nightmare if the Coyotes get to the Stanley Cup Finals and end up relocating after the season. Embarrassing for NHL
i would avoid them. And i dont think bobrick would do it.
#ShoutOuts to all the mommies Happy Mother's Day !!
#HowToPissAFemaleOff put her out your car
Congrats to you and your teammates. Simply amazing! Can't wait to see you back in the Kohl Center next season.
“: To much damn traffic lol” that's "too much" FYI
- nodding to Sawandi's Spring mix... Nice
Morning twerps!
lol. :) Yeah, I can tell! #teamNiley :)
Please Wish Your Mom Happy Mothers Day From Me (: If It Wasnt For Her I Wouldnt Have YOU<3 And YOU ARE MY EVERYTHING<3333
If you aint got a dream, you got nothin
#MySiblingIsWeird He named his dog Cat. Now my nephew has to ride the #ShortBus b/c he told his teacher Cat kept him #UpAllNight barking.!
Will do if u do the same! I have 2 to finish! “: Goal for the month? To update my photography website. Keep me #accountable friends!”
had 2 sons once
And to you as well!! : Happy TGIF
“: girl we need to take trip !” to see me
can you get me out if this I'm not involved
Love google today - adorable!! Happy Mother's Day to you & your moms. Huge love & hugs for making it great to be his mom!
None scheduled so far. We just have our business mixer for September, which we'll be promoting soon :)
Spokane Shock home opener tonight! Get there!
I hate when dog owners don't pick up shit after their pet.
upset at how broken the world is right now.
I'm on the back wall.
Fuck a PhD. Me and 4 of my friends should be taped talking about anything because we are HILARIOUS.
Lol dont worry about it, soon you'll get a whole weekend with me. ;D
After a dozen refills at Tre Kroner and a few cups already at work, I'm feeling the coffee. And it feels good.
Cold + Rainy = Perfect Hot Yoga Weather. it's a scientific fact. ;)
going great! “: how's training”
Hope not... lmao
Our client with the huge Barbie collection was interviewed today by Terri Sullivan @ Ch 6. Look for her spot during the 5pm newscast!
C.R E.A.M. Christ Rules Everything Around Me.
Congrats on finding #Bama side of the field
Please DM your email, we'll send more info about joining! RT I'd like to learn more abt them
Great race last night!!! Looking forward to another today! Good luck everyone
:do you know what time the premier airs?
We invite you to browse our collection of publications featuring Walter de Maria at the Menil Bookstore this weekend --
How do 5 gay guys walk?? IN ONE DIRECTION!!!!!!!!! RT if you get it. (I am a fan of 1D, but I found this funny)
so glad it helped!
Every generation imagines itself to be more intelligent than the one that went before it, and wiser than the one that comes after it.
That's one
What's up facebook?
that spam stuff changed everything in my bio and my location... smh. i changed most of it back...
Spinnin' at Nectar tonight alongside Eric Devine!
What about treadmill runs? I hate that I can't record those now since I am using the N+ app and not the chip.
Nothing a little catnip can't fix ~
RT : RT : #UN Security Council now in closed meeting on situation in #Sudan and
Gearing up for a big launch. Here goes nothing!
I will sponsor your drinking league :)
This is why I love Lynette #DesperateHousewives ♥
Way to young to be stressing over stupid shit
sounds good!
it was good thank you meany
Another poor uninformed Rap/Artist: Nowadays, why in the world would an artist have a "breakage" clause in their recording contract?
Mac and cheese nice needs a light bread crumb topping
Do you use our sunscreen? Let us know! We love seeing all picts!
We got a flyer for a guy running for congress, it says in bold letters "His Faith is His Guide" Shouldn't the Constitution be your guide?
nope. not anymore. since i don't tweet that much.
SO COOL you are going to Guatemala. Hug and for me.
Oh no :( I'm so sorry we let you down. It's been a pretty crazy day. :(
it wasn't bout that but them allergies is fuckin me up lmao !& I was sayin that bout all them people pookied the fuck out😱
RT if Austin's ever noticed you.
I like how I'm just constantly falling outta people's lives & being forgotten. Guess I deserve to be forgotten.
Ya damn skippy!
Boo you
I can handle everything that life throws at me. Some things just take a little time.
My house has been bombarded with mailers from the last few days
did you go to any on the tutoring things?
Hecks yea! Im sure one of us will get it (;
Bucks defense is atrocious so far in the 1st quarter. Then again, it has been all season.
Thanks for the blog tweet! I hope the move has gone smoothly for you. :)
The house feels so empty without my baby boy ):
I need to make my schedule for next year.
I may not be the most prettiest girl but at least im not scaried to show my true colors
just wanna die because i'm not going to death cab
Got my new page set up so plz follow it too. Thanks! <<<Follow!!>>
"a large part of it is the migration of software developers" How about the iPod coming out in the early 2000s?
Need to draft or trade for a 2nd WR as well. Deep a TE and may be able to deal Mario Williams.
rondo Chris Paul tony Parker williams Jason kidd
Monday Night Football - San Diego -3 Lock it In !!!
did you do a mock draft? considering doing one....
they also stroke me off
you can see when it's from twitter but some people straight put it from Facebook lol
#StopOAHUrail Dear #HART our freeways & roadway are in need of repair and you are building a state of yesterday rail that no one will ride.
wow. original tweet. I wonder how that came to mind(;
ESPNs John Clayton is the perfect role model for folks who want to be on TV but have also been told their looks are "disturbing"
Do you feel like your goal is too big? Is it overwhelming? Break it up into smaller steps. Celebrated each one :-)
It's not denial. I'm just selective about the reality I accept. - Bill Watterson
Bruschetta with caponata and spicy ceci toppings, chilling in the fridge.
Whoops! We've contained all of the wild penguins! Sorry about that!
I just registered for the #preswk tweetup... hope I'm not too late :(
Is that a little bit pot calling the kettle black, Mr. MMO?
An experienced entrepreneur and technology manager, Hank was worn a number of hats - teacher, marketer, consultant, manufacturer & barrista
Happy hour tonight 5-8 With music by velvet heat!!
welcome to the tweeting world u should get the hang of it.
twitter on the web is acting up again. anyone else ?
Great to meet you. It's a cool, brisk day in Houston after al the heat. Hope your day is a wonderful one.
I think this beard has got to go.
Date night with :)
is staying in the OC for now...
Give me a shout out ;D Your videos make me smile!
Joined 's wine club today. They have a spectacular lineup of wines -- one of the best lines in Oregon!
A smile is the best make up a girl can wear
if u go midnight to midnight CST, they weren't in the same day.
Hi Dustin. I like your Markdown Mark but I want to make a "Markdown Preview" button in an app. Any suggestions? :/
did it happen to you? Ad laying in bed
Shop from home, useful, green, safe, 40% off. Full time income. Doesn't pay to work a real job anymore, amazing 4 people. C what I do! 4212
What are you doing for 1/2 hour today to work your "craft"?
your comment belittles the efforts, skills and intellect of these elite athletes
Yes it is! RT It's just another beautiful day in paradise. Expect more of the same all week.
thanks. My team is exhausted and ready for some well deserved rest. And wine.
Punch your time clock and come on down to Small Bar Fullerton tonight to talk beer with Randy Mosher!
ss you'll ruin my rock cred
Absolutely. I'd see anyone @ The Ryman. Accoustics & Vibe like nowhere else.
Commercials do portray men as idiots. Sarah Haskins noticed the same thing.
thinks the only surviver on the Titanic was the main girl
my friend's B-day&She loves you. I was wondering if you can tweet me Happy B-day so I can send it to her. Her names Sunni.
is there any chance prince takes a 1 year deal and stays in milwaukee?
At aubrey's soccer practice; come on rain go away!
he still missed two crucial free throws, and deferred to Wade and Chalmers, how many excuses will he get?
Only a few thousand dollars in punishments for Bettman to force Shanahan to mete out after tonight.
Also, you should know that is defending this decision. She says that your name is not that weird.
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 49
Wait, it's more than just a Vampire Weekend song? RT : Is it sad or am I smart that I know what an Oxford Comma is?
Yeah bro, what about u
Like a good neighbor state farm is there with a new pair of balls for Lebron James this dude has no hevos
Oh and cancelled stamps for collage were a hit as were old commemorative covers to decorate. Let us know when yours happens!
Who remembers some of my old music?... LMS for "I Love The Way"... ★
yeah you're right, but I'm not the kind of person to cheat. :'/
Hey Davis, I Just Want To Say That You're an awesome kid. I wish you were my brother. :) Can You Please Follow Me :D :D :D
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want. Stein, Ben
#OWIF: We have no pole to guide the raft, so I'm just gonna shake my fist angrily at the current and hope for the best.
haha lifes pretty good im just ready for summer! When do yall get out?
Obama's SOTU gave new foundations for more government programs. Sounds good but how to pay for them, may we ask?
Thank you for putting a donation box for the Indiana AIDS Walk & Ride in the church. We appreciate you!
Universal Studios gig, then 3 Sides Entertainment Short Film - what a weekend ! Not a lot of sleep - have a great week !
seeing breaking dawn part one tomorrow! to all the cast of twilight you guys are so awsome!
I love you and there are six more days till you are here. So I am being sad and eating a cookie, like a tiny person.
Classic : he's going back to #TopChef roots, concocting dishes from Pepsi and Fritos to serve to corporate VIPS at
Switches my route home today.....bad idea. I've gone about 4 miles in 45 minutes.
Quote of the Month? Awesome. But that still leaves two weeks to defend my title.
Fry time!! Crazy-ass Saturday. Need to catch up & will start takin orders again at 3pm.
Washington Capitals hire NHL 13 year vet Arturs Irbe to be new goalie coach, hopefully he can help Three or more!!
Anyone know whether there will be Wi-Fi for spectators?
Great to meet everyone today!
About to delete every social networking site I'm on.
yeah read it, you're awesome xx
Thanks for the RT! :)
Beyondthescoreboard.net as a leader you should never say that you are scared of anything team that is against you
well when we rode by yhu wasnt and wattup wit the -----> !!!
a dog is a loyal lovable animal. I wouldn't mind being compared to a dog.
This is a dangerous world so try your best to stay out of trouble...
My grandmas cooking > 👌 the best.
Currently in a helicopter. *Have* to get my pilots license!
Love makes a fool out of everyone! LOVE ANYWAY! The chicken lays the egg.
Skipping my two classes today and going shopping with my cuz :)
damn toby !!
Posted outside breeze hiring me
you are my idol you make me grow and be a great person, you're so good to both people and animals with I love you!
No problem! Make sure 2 follow us back! 1 of the filmmakers directing our series is also in a MI-based hip-hop group!
I have a new follower on my Twitters! What's up, (Bagamaagan)?
Causey "it is to try to tell someone's story"
your moving?!?
“Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.” - Anthony J. D’Angelo
RT : yeah most likely more $$$ than this year.// Sampson is not our coach.
Be tolerant of those who are lost on their path
Did Frenchie and Fred run rampant through the Museum after dark? Guess not. Mingei Int'l still stands.
the third one!
How's it going? Ever spin in LA?
Thanks for the Roasted Seaweed Snack! You are one of my coolest clients!
yay! Taking a lunch break now. Don't come in the next twenty min.
I will cut you. 
on the street at sxsw
I wish my tummy would stop hurting :(
Patching up things the right way >
How exciting! I'm new to volunteering with Tedx but am hoping to be on that exact committee.
# real talk
#DidYouKnow? It's estimated that >$2 billion is spent each year on students who repeat a grade b/c they have #reading problems. ()
Is your smart phone a study aid or study distraction?
sorry I haven't been able to make out to drop off some gear been really busy. Will this Tuesday work?
Lavazza Espression’s Espresso Melba is now available! Amaretto chips, peaches and whipped cream. Come and indulge!
After the mission & a half I went through today, I will never leave mother's day shopping for the day before 😰
ah lol xD he's so silly
Brrrr.....why couldn't it have been cold on Christmas :(
nope, not quite. #dreamteam “: Desean Jackson out with bruised ego Expected to annoy”
To the person who already put say something on YouTube...may god bless u<3
Yeah I'm taking notes on how to "learn, grow, and connect" for based off of 's best practices, thx!
XD no way am I thinking of one! I come up with lame stuff XD like Touching Ground :P
#truth RT : If you give #Scorpio the slightest reason to distrust you, they will never forgive you
do you have a link? Thx!
S/O to all the Momas who don't let these people put they kids on pills so they could get that ssi money
Saturday morning breakfasts with the roommates
true yall just need to talk this out
There is no girls at fort walton beach :(
no no silly bloke. it's PLAISE.
• Love the sentiment, but there are lots of 'normal people' w/'undying 'passion' that don't achieve greatness
You just got bonged.
You guys are awesome for helping this kid. I'm happy to help.
I second this idea (and will buy you a beer if you do it) RT : I think you should rename it
Anyone else done a toxin cleanse? Sheesh its killin my stomach lol! I only assume that its working?
"You need a hairnet Tyler." "You need to get some hair John."
BITCH DONT U EVA! EVA! REP #DADECOUNTY & JUMP BACK LIKE THAT. FUCKIN #DISGRACE TO #MIAMI GO 2 IDAHO WIT DAT!
#TeamFollowback Thanks for Following!
The placement of Jesus and Mary Chain on the roster is the definition of burying the lede.
& no, I'm not trying to rip on bloggers. I just know from that perspective that a blogger ready to cash in is a quitter, & doesn't get read.
Looks beautiful Joel! Enjoy.
What ever happened to telling each other instead of tweeting about it?
To be able to come together in this reflective space is a privilege.
The world is dazzled by the flash but the substance of integrity is missing becoming hallmark of the culture.
Our next Voxbox is for beauty badge holders. Have you tried to unlock your beauty expert badge yet?
Congrats miss octavia spencer on winning the Oscar.
Blizzard or not, our 50% off sale is still happening this Saturday! Get those boots ready and come on down!
I'm more pro-bunt than a lot of people. But if you're asking your #3 hitter to bunt w/RISP you've got the wrong #3 hitter.
well it looked great!
Yeah for Mad Men! I could really use that calendar.
Alright Canadians, you win! Now shipping to Canada! RT Total balls that doesn't ship to canada :(
Oh! He's not that ugly. The one in the upper right corner is way uglier.
Emacs?! get outta here
& YOU sir, YOU are VERY ATTRACTIVE therefore I will STARE at YOU!(;
God Bless for your recovery, continuing prayers for healthy 2012!
y didnt u go to Cape Surf?
“: I freed up 10GB. #score” what I would give for 10 gigs on my iPhone!!!
Yo if you love your fans you'll follow me back!
"People are cray..."
Kelly don't forget to wear your ATL shirt tomorrow!!!! :)
don't forget to have quiet time with God this morning. thank and worship him first and foremost, then ask him to guide your day. God bless!
Maybe #sa-main and #sa-logo? IDs and classes prefixed with their initials would be much more friendly.
I screwed up my hurt knee during water aerobics. It's been a month and its still swollen.
love you. Sending you and your family hugs.
I'm wondering if #RufusKing was comparing himself to Lycurgus and envisioning himself as saving the Union from slavery.
Love the "Ambi­en­cakes" photo! :)
Thanks man!! RT : Your IT
Watchu gon do when she wants you back?!
Okay im literally done trying to show how much i care
Don't forget to follow us, thanks!
ur tweets make my day :) thanks for sharing ur creative process w/ ur fans!!! Love ya!!!!
1st to rise 1st to seize victory!
It's a beautiful day here. Makes it seem so peaceful. Hope everyone has a safe and enjoyable holiday weekend.
So how has it been going all sitting next to Boomerang and all? Hmm? HAH??
Snow!! How do you Bostonians feel about this?
Happy Birthday I will get you some Camel Crushes next month.
Cost speculation for 5 years, $100,000,000. Asks to initially use unused property tax levy.
yes! that's what I'm talking about, I think they save like $23 a day on average if they don't clean your room
Is it really news that Goldman Sachs takes advantages of their clients?
Received the "W" now time to relax a bit. Going to work soon!! Then coming home to study my craft some more!
I want to visit you at Berkeley! We must plan an epic reunion at some point.
So exhausted 😔
Valencia is really on my bad side
Just signed the contract for a Valentine's Day story with -- #excited !
Can't believe Brazil hasn't scored yet.
Have a question for the Northwest's most reputable angel organizations? Ask away! They will answer at our 3/1 vLab, 'Meet the Angels.'
Public tour of American Scenery today at 3 pm!
I hate when ppl purposely doubt who I am and what I'm capable off when they don't know shxt bout me an what I Do
and a l that glitter is GOOD ONLAY SHOOTIN STTTAAAAHHS BREAK THA MOLD
I guess having seen Friday the 13th would've been helpful in catching that reference.
haha nope! That's what is all about!!
Our time?
Yeah, it kind of does. Also, I want to be covered in color at the end, so high-color lanes for me, too!
You were throwing shirts out for someone who is famous enough to have their names on shirts. that makes you a superstar. haha
Why is finding face lotion so difficult!?
It must be Xmas-time since that annoying Target lady I want to crack over the head with a 2x4 is back on the front page of Yahoo.
We provide therapy for adults with-Life Management Issues.
I got sol tomorrow , thursday , friday and monday smfh
every single fucking time I try to be happy,
The new app update should fix a bunch of crash issues and hangs.
#weliveinaworldwhere 11 and 12 years olds are taking pictures showing breast and thinking it's cute -___-
I feel like twitter is someones diary thats open to the public
Pretty sad I aint gone be able to suprise my mama for Mother's Day tomorrow.... Aint got a way to KC :(
Thats my shit RT “: Kick ass is a mad funny movie.”
Late night in the office looking over applications for SSFC, SACGB, and Finance Committee.
I'm really enjoying the fellowship and brotherhood with the brothers of the Mighty Midwest, at their regional convention in MN.
WAIT! HOLD UP! IS THE WANTED IN CHICAGO?!
#primal because its saturday and you removed ratchet clubs from your to do list
I dislike my mom
sweet bass guitar I wish I could afford it
Wanna pull my nips.?
Sometimes when you move somewhere you wish you couls bring everything , friends, family, stuff to ur new place.
How did we lose to a 2-6 team???
yeah buddy...
You are invited! Today at 11 am, "The Art of Bedmaking" w/
Someone tell Espinoza that we love him! #can'ttouchourmidfield
How was everyones weekend?!
Bout to grab something to eat and do my last minute studying before this Stat final
INSIDER SALE @ jcrew.com! 20% off orders of $150+ for the next 3 days online only..."SHOPFALL" at checkout!
Good luck!
shredded it.
I have 995 followers. I never thought I'd care, but I can smell the 1000th follower thru the phone
No way! Was pulling for Learn german was the best category ever, but it crushed her.
"Preach Papi so true: Let go of the word hate "I hate this, or I hate that" It compromises your nervous system and causes sickness
"We have a strategic plan, it's called doing things" — Herb Kelleher, Southwest Airlines
I would love nothing more than to cook for you on a daily basis.
Thanks for the follow!
As much as I want to, I can't. And I won't.
:D Thank you! We're glad you found us. Keep in touch!
I wanna puppy ...
Maybe hell actually realize he cares n wants our relationship two work n ill wake up two a text that will make me smile.! *In Tears* :(
"How will I know, if he is thinking of me?"
When my dad burns my steak <<<<<
If someone's lolligagging does that mean they are choking on a lollipop??
How to honor MLK Day RT Watch 's Pittsburgh Today Live at 9am this morning to find out how you can serve the Burgh.
Is the over/under really 40 points for Bama/LSU
There are some adorable, fuzzy cat-friends in my house who are about to get fitted with miniature catheters if the peeing parties don't stop
Just tripped up the stairs in the AMU in front of my college dean
In Gainesville ours moved away for about 2 years, and just popped back up... Never really tried em. I'm a plain burger dude.
no one likes her..
WI GAB strongly advises candidates to not make them prove just how FECkless they really are.
Hearing some of the quotes from Orson Scott Card at today's Teen Book Con reaffirms my decision not to hear him speak.
Is Futures at Fenway for #redsox fans, or is the ulterior motive to give minor leaguers a taste of Fenway Park so they work harder?
I'm so used to #socialmedia events that #gcsummit is freaking me out! Eye contact, business cards & no one else is tweeting from 2 devices.
Stick to making fun of Jeremy Lin, Jason. RT : Pacers can beat either one of these teams in the ECF.
#TheWindowMay13th by and #Undeniable by are gonna be dope. Cant wait.
You guys, did a twitter follower count for Josh Hamilton during the Rangers game tonight. THANK GOD
This is a appreciation tweet. :-)
Whats happening? Dropping weight is what is happening, 1lb per day for 90 days, and posting all im doing to get there
there's nothing wrong with enthusiastic hugging lol
Stomach on full ☺
yeeeeeei , mike, spanish rocks...
So at what point does a "bad start" become a "bad first half"?
everyone does drugs or drinks al the time.
*nods slowly, absorbing the info* wow. You will be a great dad. Al can show you. *smiles*I
atleast this week is fine arts week
I gave up hangovers for Lent. Now I just have to figure out a way to continuously stay drunk.
YEAH TEAM CHUCK LETS GO
#VonChurch loves #FF Follow us and we will follow you!
i never imagined my life being the way it is today, i planned everything so differently but i love the way it all turned out.
happy to announce that starting Monday I'll be moving over to help build
reading about how ppl are trying to improve meetings... shared calendars, activity streams, agendas, next steps, a/v recordings, search,etc
she said ok but until like June
Say what's real
It's been a busy school year. my sister graduated and got a job teaching 2nd graders next year.
Brookfield Real Estate Services Inc. reports first quarter 2012 results and monthly dividend
Moving a huge bear that doesn't fit in the freight elevator via red wagon; great visual
Like the idea of having the library a part of Parent Night.
Gosh, I hate Timeline. I've been trying to get rid of it.
Never really considered those traffic helicopters hovering over I-90 are screwin up air traffic by standing in the middle of morning traffic
Idk wat I'm going to do with u
what's wrong with your website? it keeps saying "service unavailable" is the issue on my end or yours?
To give proper advice we need more info re your hair. Can you send us an email at ?
You should def follow back ( :
As a teaching student, I am so impressed at what does for future teachers.
TONIGHT! Polkadot Cadaver, Downtown Brown, Lords of Discipline, Burn the Ides at the High Noon Saloon. Doors open at 8, Music at 9!
Hope your planting went well yesterday! Gotta love those Home Depot
I think someone hacked my acct, sent out a bunch of "Godfather" direct messages. Please delete, not sent by me!
So excited for our event tonight with PDPsi for #PiChiWeek --> Feeding the Cultural Appetite at room 209 from 6-8pm!! FREE FOOD!
oh ok.. then HUG HER, that way she'll still know what shes not wearing.... but she might think your CRAZY & NEED LOVE... LOL
imma tell them dudes on cartoon network :P
glad you had fun babe. how's your day going? xx
Now I feel like an outcast
My cat's too fat to clean her, um, nethers... So I shaved her back there today. Looking rather baboon-esque now.
My mouth is asleep:(
It's unfortunately so thick I can't do anything with it.
Sry I couldn't come out betch : / glad you had fun! XO
Falling asleep to rain is quite calming but waking up to ice all over your car and on the roads surely isn't. ;)
what's good man. this phee, I shot that interview with Marcus and Lajason
come check out our fried chicken and waffles, burger w/ pimenton cheese, chicken liver mousse, soft serve ice cream w/ hardening shell!
Most deer I have ever witnessed together at Eagle Creek.
okay, catch you later!
Finally have my own copy of #UNBROKEN by Demi Lovato. :)
Early spring on steroids in #DC! If you blink, you might miss it!!
Due to this Saturday's weather forecast, has been postponed to its raindate Sunday May 13th, 2012. Hope to see you then!
And, yes, that just happened.
RIP DAVEY JONES!!
You may not always end up where you thought you were going, But you will always end up where you were meant to be!”
You should text me if that was your your phone so i have the number :P
We love special brownies! I'm not sure what this means but says he has a "brownie thing" for you.
I got this drink n my cup.. ( :
haha, sucks. The man strikes out
UPS is down, but if you have the tracking number already, you can track it at The UPS Store website.
Enjoying some My little pony ytp... I see where Bronies come form even if they are a freaky breed
Thank You
If an artist is "Unsigned" he/she is Independent, which is why I have the Independent Video Channel not Unsigned Video Channel
I love that #Reddit is blacking out for SOPA tomorrow. I wish Google & Twitter would follow suit, it would reveal the bill's true power
feeling really pregnant
Oh... That's a pretty face
the spokesman fa detroit.
Fell for #Westin vacation package in Maui--beautiful room, incredibly crappy view. Not doing this again--
It's over Knicks!!
Uhh tell me about it I hate kids so much too I'd never ever have kids their so difficult & complicated to deal with I'd never
Thieves are the scum of the earth #fact 😊
Kingdoms of Camelot, please quit your advertisements on Pandora. I am not interested. Go Fuck Yourself #kingdomsSUCK. Sincerely JMFA
my hero watches "step it up chicago", sleeps on floors and raps about cookies. ♥
Former UofWashington HC Bob Bender on ATL staff. He was at UW same time Coach Eastman was HC at Washington State. Back on opposing benches.
i just followd
Beautiful #Seattle sunshine now. Get out of the office & come get a tasty Italian #sandwhich. 101 Stewart (at 1st ave near the Market)
30 minutes of less ^-^
,that height party interesting,what were you reading?
your not gonna compare me to your new boy toy, insult me repeatedly, then expect me to tell you a bed time story so you can sleep
are you serious?? omg thats so terrible. #RIPALEX </3 /;
office and client props good. Thanks for checking in.
: HOLLA ! I went 2 the 1st one (does that make me old lol) and they had a great lineup
you look better with your clothes ON...forever. permanently. even when you shower.
When I hear 1D many things run through my mind. Not just there cuteness,but there talent,& how much they spend with there fans<3
Good job, Will Hunting.
NetFlix has "Hot Tub Time Machine" listed under Sci-Fi & Fantasy. Seems wrong but I don't have a better suggestion. Perhaps "sorta 80s"
thanks for the social media info!
what does that involve?
RT : We have a special guest visiting our Dallas office today! We'll be live-tweeting the event at 1:15 p.m. Stayed tuned!
I know right? :D
So the THREAT of violence in #Libya was enough to go in & kill #Khadaffi but 8000+ DEAD in #Syria yields nothing? #WarpedHumanitarianism :-/
Magic city junk food and my bed !
Hem yea, everynight with my headphones
Freaky friday.
I HATE YOU.
": Yes I go to Catholic school. No I am not chased by crazy nuns carrying giant rulers #getreal #catholicschoolgirlproblems"
Found the fake friends and people. Time for new ones. #GAM dm E.
that's all about to change
I think we need an event coordinator ! That's a great thought. Twestival planned for 4-30 @ Brooks landing to benefit foodlink. Can't wait.
Can't wait to see at our Southeast Regional Meet!
[still sobbing] RT : BC hockey team being introduced at the first commercial break.
I'm not sure why, but I have a sweet soft spot for I really hope he wins the battle.
Mama thanks for following me!My friend Maddy did this all for me and she is my best friend !All my thanks to maddy and you!
I'm already dead???
New year, new Lightroom catalog(s).
Mother's Day brunch with and the rest of the Bevan ladies !(:
Just bought The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo on blu-ray and Mass Effect 3. These will definitely help get my mind off things
how do you get the hookers and bots to stop following you?
you know I want this! ; )
had twitter for a while !
It's interesting b/c Sibelius reads some things, like "play 3 times," & actually does it. But won't go back to the sign on D.S.
the zeus, the zues, the zeus is on fire!
Of course! :) Enjoy the rest of your weekend!
I vent to myself , the only one that'll listen to me
no doubt...good luck this coming season!
THUR 9/17 Dessert Special: Chocolate Tart with Brown Sugar Anglaise & Vanilla Bean Ice Cream
Kelly Rindlfeish, 4 felonies pending for misconduct in public office. Faces up to 3.5 years in jail
Mad how i just saw ,waved & he aint do nothing -_-
I can see your thong! Thank you!!
Nice, That's pure love, right there! Happy belated birthday!
I'm sorry I can't afford a ferrari, but that don't mean that I can't get u there...
got railed by two tests today. great. -_-
we all need to wear red pants.
#HoboWithAShotgun didn't hit me hard until later when I saw it a 2nd time. I didn't appreciate it fully the 1st time.
#Pastoral is featuring a cheese medley box for #mothersday honoring some “Great Ladies of Cheese” It makes to perfect gift for mom
TONIGHT at Late Bar! & behind the bar! Lisa DJs incredible heavy jams! $2 PBR bottles, and FREE Sailor Jerry rum?...
is seriously the coolest. just watched her teen vogue video montage. #girlproblems i have THREE brothers. :/
RT MAY 25TH WILL BE EPIC IN THE "BX" GALLERY LOUNGE WHEN HITS THE STAGE @ THE "ADIDAS" PARTY!!!
It's tricky. Just download one... RT : why is it 11pm and I'm googling "how to make a sphere in sketchup"?
Morning fans! Who's looking forward to the three day weekend? Got any gigs this Labor Day? If so, where?
My garden is now prepped for spring planting.
Watching Unfaithful on OWN. This man is grinning nostalgically as he talks about the affair that almost destroyed his marriage.
when Derrick Rose turns his knee around the right way
Love going 0 mph on my way to work!!!!
I don't favorite tweets, so every time I check that page it's always an accidental surprise: this time, a guide to caring for your pet fish.
GoodTimes last night can't wait to party w/u in the burgh!!
RT : Keep an eye on Washington RB Chris Polk, for the #Redskins. 2nd at Wash in career rush ydg. Not an opinion.
Failed a math test.
maybe then you would understand its not that serious
Beach, golf,pool? What's it going to be? Whichever it is, have a relaxing day!
yeah - it sounded like a great idea when my friends suggested it. Not sure how I'm going to carry on for the rest of the night
Having dessert with the Chimienti's
why would you call then just breath in the phone
so whaddup? I told her shut the fuck up.
I just scored my IMAX tickets to opening night of "The Hunger Games" and I'm so flippin' excited!
A "Strategist" is a happy "Plurists" - looking to the implications beyond. Development Stages per Rich Douglas
Just opened our new website for Reel Simple Life - Celebrity status for everyday life. Find us at www.reelsimplelife.com!
thats what you do ! Great info and release :)
Met yesterday at Revolve! I sang him "Coke, Fry & a cheeseburger" & he drew me a picture then called me "Dancy Pants" ;D Lololol
sad face
They found another Mayan calendar and the world won't end Dec 21, 2012. Who the fuck made the whole "the world gone end"?
Love-A Word That Comes And Goes Though Few People Really Know What It Means To Really Love Someone..
RT : God doesn’t see you as a “maybe” or a “what if.” He doesn’t see wasted potential. He says, “You are destined--- wow
good luck! I know you will rock it. Look forward to seeing you soon.
AWESOME ! Empowering End User Insight Through Rapid Data Exploration and Visualization with Power View
At the mac bball tournament with and .. Go zips
I know=P
heck yeah!
It's a bunch of tracks yet so basic. A1 type tough, and maybe the House Party remix
Allegheny County Assessment Board just mandated that all appeals must be done while planking.
Kevin Kujawa: 20 years of ordering the appetizer sampler.
I got the brush :D haha
My Team, The Motto, Freestyle, Nikes on My Feet and tons more:/
Happy Mothers Day to all the greats out there!
Never get tired of doing the right thing........
OMG ! 1020 ! It's like a dream !
Smoakamotive was chugging there
been reading too many threads on track forum?
Bout to be kickin ut with my boy
Yes, liberal arts rule the world!
Congrats to ! The answer is "cashew."
Yanni, you rock, you need a logo done that's a zipper with the last "K" broken off. safe travels!
Thanks for the RT & support! Hope you enjoy the weekend.
Mad happy my 2nd block teacher ain't here :-)
What kind of message are we giving kids when MTV does coverage of Li'l Wayne being released from prison glorifying it?
Hi Lindsay...cute pic!!
missed end of the race, hockey is controlling me ;)
Tom Hanks says Megan Rapinoe is his hero. AWESOME. RT My heroes. Wambach. Boxx. Rapinoe. Solo. That TEAM! Our team!
My dad about James Harden: "Oy, this guy's Al Quida" LOL 😂
check it don't wreck it
Keep doin' your thing
Just missed my que to be on stage woods.
J. Myrick Howard, President of keynote speaker at "Preserve Minnesota conference" now up.
Have a great time!
Of course, followed :) x
#stuffthatpissmeoff when i see hot guys with ugly girlfriends
. Archivists and "other duties as assigned" - to what extent is archival work falling aside?
Take cover Milwaukee!: Milwaukee tomorrow! Haven't been this excited in For-ev-er. ( Squints Paladorus voice)
RT : Apparently y'all American dudes can't handle this leopard print bow tie like these European guys can.
Clarissa is explaining some stiff before I go to bed. Aka watching Clarissa Explains it all
I feel great from the previous night! Thanks, Love you.
I cannot fall asleep 😖
The photos are wonderful....Imagine how the show look live! Opening night tomorrow. Tickets on sale now.
It's illegal to tweet and drive. You're endangering my life
Throat still hurts. Head still stuffy. Send cake!
how many of those bikes stop at the "red light" heh, heh, heh :-)
Heath Bell's Whip would make a great ERA.
In Australia Women Shopping Online To Find Best Deals On Quality ...
Shameful that our county and city commissioners are encouraging sprawl.
if you play let me know where! I'll come watch you ball:)
Remember When You Could Get A Real Burger Or Dog in NYC for $1? Well, You Can Again - via
It's word jumble day! Today's word is "ypsarrerb". If you can figure it out correctly & say the word at U-Swirl, you get 50% off!
what are you doing this weekend?
Got some sex for your stereo
LOL RAT WE DONT EVEN FOLLOW YOU.
It's hot as hell here!
Yeah I like it there though, I went to every museum haha,
i cant take a Big L, my city needs me.
Thanks, I need it :/
she's lame anyway. Always coming at ya with irrelevant arguments.
Me LOLRT SS who is hving fun w/ me after work????
- sorry to hear jackie doesn't feel well :( we were looking forward to chillaxing w/u. Rain Check 4 sure!!
Tonight's a Wendy's Spicy Chicken kind of night
A truly inspiring turnout, thanks to all for their service. RT : Ray Decker, #OPM - 50% of 120 in audience today are
#Overheard at the Cottage: "Look up there, she's trapped!" - a little girl noticing a staff member on the second floor mezzanine.
Chemical Sensitivities Motivate Albuquerque Boutique to find Organic Solution...
im writing a book.
Its the kind of problem you want to have! Country radio has been great to me my whole career. I can't thank those folks enough- G. Strait
The true definition of stereotype: an accurate measure of just how stupid the human race still is.
You should be the host all the TIme!
Senate Tax Chair J. Ortman launches #Vikes hearing with "ordinarily not good policy to do tax break that benefits only 1 company"
if al white towels could love
glad you got it! Wear it proud and suport
I'm at Gardener's Supply Inc. in Bakersfield talking with Randy!
It's only Thursday /:
Friendly Reminder: Tomorrow's show has been moved to Low Spirits on 2nd Street.... Show starts early (9p). See ya then!
Don't you hate it when you're lying down texting, your phone is a ninja and slips through your fingers and attacks your face?
Headed to this week for 10 full days of cruises. Hope to see you all on board!
"One is not born into the world to do everything but to do something" Henry David Thoreau
Sheriff Dave Mahoney: Rally with 14 Democratic Senators at 3 pm at State St.
Did Anthony Davis just spin RIGHT?
I'm not sexist btw, I just think that everyone has equal rights in the Uk now so you know
Merry Christmas..Hope you all are having a good one
Telecommuting makes me not hate winter so much
Going to brunch for my first time in DC yayyyy xoxo
why are we so hot?!
#m. grilled pork chop and toast sandwich (:
Trying to stick to your New Year's resolutions but out of meal ideas? Try Daily Grill and one of 12 new under-600 calorie choices!...
#milwaukee the snow seems to be slowing down! Time to salt, shovel and dominate #wegotyoucovered at A. Fillinger Inc.
You bet. Adi and I have had a few discussions on the Trinity.
dude that is so awesome! I'm glad you like it!
So, -- your "Bachelor" verdict?
bidness is always taken care of, always fool around n muh fuggas stay in check nigg
Okay now catch up to my campaign...
HEY DUDE!
ugh! Me too....sunshine all the time please!
chicks got an ass like an onion making me wanna cry..
It's a working Sunday. Let's go stack heads of lettuce for the Lord...
RT : Banks now have the ability to walk around with consumers in their pocket.
awesome. I've gone there for that reason about 3 times myself. Who'd a thunk?!
My guys are headed to the movies and I am hanging with the ladies !!
r u in Miami?!?
should i keep my hair thick or thin it out?.. i need help deciding!!
Who's got a new iDevice for Christmas and is using
yea it is!
nervous for you and your jimmy johns. Feeling ok?
Like us on facebook too keep you updated on more shows! RT : cos pony productions brings more shows worth seeing.
I just found out I can make my daughter fall asleep in an instant by just rubbing on her eyebrows. Lol
YOU WOULD. you'll prob eat there more now!
me also wish pics sexy outside of me soomeday also
obvious they want an all male final; don't tell me how to vote #idol; I'm VOTING JESSICA
hahaha I knew right when I got this it was you... Haha
hey whats some really good songs to sing????
Don't nobody love me on here no more :'(
I wanna hear!
So is mine! The headsup for 2Gals CD with Flashcards.
I'd take it over nothing "wont u just be super happy when they tell u, u have to clear x ftppoints to cash out?!"
Gmornin' ! beach in a few
I have no idea what #DTRBABY means...
Just learned I'll be teaching a grad course in Children's Literature this fall! Looking forward to having students who are smarter than me!
Spring break !! 🌺
Don't ever let anyone tell you you can't. For you can do ALL things through #Christ!
It was a great time and nice to see you again!
wahoo! She is the best teacher in the world and those kids are blessed to have her!
We'll definitely let you know once we announce pricing; stay tuned to the blog
margaretr0se how creative AM I
Today was a gud day I cn say that
The system! I will accuse the individual workers of that system against me...before the eternal bar! - Charles Dickens, Bleak House
I'm officially a Junior!
Are you hitting on me? Yeah. Oh that's cute. :)
LAWL go to the mall >:D
what is there to be scared of spiders?
Yes, sometimes I am simply sharing with my future self.
Pork dijon slaw and pickled sirrano relish....m i can taste it!
Vodka can be made out of anything! It was all pot still distillation until 1850s- no continuous still
no, I like YOUR face (:
ALL THESE PENCILS ARE SO MUCH FUN. ALL THESE PENCILS ARE NUMBER...2 GET IT, NUMBER 2 PENCILS! ;DD
"Be outrageously energetic and madly alive." -Robin Sharma
at Sidesplitters! can't wait to see Ben Bailey :) pretty sure he is gonna propose to me....
Been very sick 4 three days now:(..... bed-rest, ginger ale, and medicine help.....texts from friends and family is even better...<3 you all
Sorry, lost a while and didn't hang on twitter. Really miss you guys! Be stuck with some codes to create a new app.
kalahari today, cedar point tomorrow for choir, then DC starting monday:)
Spoke to lawyer today who said to get job in his firm as paralegal, have to be a lawyer. Guess there's no hope for a lowly college graduate.
S/O to follow an artist trying to move to the top!
Beer lovers! In case you didn't know... and will all be slinging their #CraftBeer at fEASTival!
Wish I could go back to Texas
Thanks for hookin' us up with the #VIP seating last night!
I suggest you fight Diego at 185. Please.
if you don't support #teamblake then you probably think that the low cash cowboys are cool
doors at 6 we're on 3rd
pens finally woke up“: wait and see.”
missing Sean Bean on
RT : dang somebody done fucked up lol >>>> Most Definitely.. They didn't know what they had.
it was well worth it
Just got back from an audition for a new Paul Thomas Anderson film starring Joaquin Phoenix. Hope all went well!
" Apple matches $1.3 million worth of charitable employee donations tnw.to/1BnI0 by on "
Lies spread like your legs did.
Buy One Get One Free: Men's Jackson Denim
great memory! You are correct. ;)
RT : We're putting together a team! Anyone want to join & ?
Queuing up Monday for home opener, whilst reviewing The Day The World Discovered the Sun by Mark Anderson
Fresh vegetables, jewelry, hats. Tomorrow 10-3!! Come out and support!! 30th and Penn, SE.
I'm for the 999 tax plan.
Oh my God, I love Tony Stark.
For weeks I've felt lost and I can't see the light
That would be great. Will see if I can swing it. Thanks!
Gotta dance.
I noticed. It didnt show at first
Good things do come in threes. And also, apparently, all within the span of an hour.
U are the best! U got me over here smiling ear to ear
All kids need is a little help, a little hope and somebody who believes in them. -Earvin Johnson
so glad jeremy got to meet CL I think that will help mucho!
Someone said that Twitter is for hipsters and nerds. I said "Hey! Who are you calling a hipster?!"
thanks for the Tweet, Inna!
you too girly! let's go horseback riding together in Aspen
is that like Taco Bell?? <3
Don't know how they do it.
New Jersey Governor Now Behind Internet Poker!!
I'm hoping trust me. Not only would I love to have Ryan win this race but also beat Power doing it.
There was literally zero chance that Prado wasn't swinging at that 3-1 pitch.
we excludes people in urban areas
I am now considered a man because I want to watch the Ravens game to watch the patriots lose.
Colonial Life job fair tomorrow 11a-2p at Clinton Twp MiWorks. Agency Sales and Benefits Counselor positions. 43630 Hayes. Clinton twp, MI.
A: "everyone, and every generation, has a personal line: where is it? That's a fluid concept"
Thank you for the follow Looking forward to seeing you all one day soon, and reading your tweets, comments & insights Cheers!
We don't need your input on everything!
Did the Komen Foundation just pull a Netflix?
Americans have the same problem, only different. :$
Taste & Toast Thursdays 5-8pm RT : Join in the fun if Taste of Tivoli debuting tonight!!!
Call for Local & Licensed Locksmith You Can Trust 24HR. $19 service call 619-335-7969 http:/www.ISDlocksmith.com Locks Installation Lock
OMG YES SAME I've been randomly obsessed with it lately..can't stop watching it ah!
You forgot hemp protein.
Title Case Is Cruise Control For Cool.
PHONES BACK UP!
You're not the only one to wish our director would, um, insert herself into her work!
Om gosh! My ringtone just scared the crap out of me, its my sister singing bitch(:
Now that was the best 4/20 ever. I still can't feel my face lol
#3wordforyou Team Heat Baby!!!
cool how old r u
Thanks for favoring my tweet!
Some lady just called me and asked when I graduated from high school. I'm still in high school?...
#SAYSOMETHIN so excited!! Im listening to y100 (:
I take that back, I don't wish brain damage on anyone. But if you cheap shot one of the best, you might as well close your hand next time.
caffination and hydration.
U were right Signature win 4 Crean, but it was an upset That was the definition of upset I am now on the bandwagon!!!
Seriously I hate my sister. Thanks for naming everything I fail at. Cunt.
Sometimes I need my Bromance Sometimes I need that pole dance Sometimes I fuck up n need a 2nd chance
I love the guys like you that support the Bike's tourney. Good luck to Sir.
No matter what I do, my phone is always with me.
Agreed. Game changing. I'm not against changing games, but I do get tired from figuring out new rules allatime.
you rock! Thank you for the very kind words this morning!
« Breaking: White Sox's Phil Humber pitches perfect game»
Your hamstrings are surprisingly useful.
Talking to two 20 year olds is like talking to a wall.
Ms. Kool is back in town! Now I can go back to my crazy schedule...
Our show is on.. you're welcome.
Well I'm sold, PoDog it is.
