My only friend just flew into my apartment. A solo fly.
for more on your comment, please see the conversation I was having with earlier ;)
They should just end the game
You hurt me because i gave you the power to do so, well now i take that power back. You can't hurt me anymore!!1
Musings: Faith and hope and love.
If Your Day Consist On Worrying About What Another Person Do.... Kill Yourself
the grind never stops
Multi-Platinum, Grammy Award winner Usher will perform with the New York cast of "Fuerza Bruta" at the Daryl Roth Theatre on April 28. (P
Thanks for the follow Gutshot!
RT : Shari Tucker National Director of Retail at the Sperry Van Ness has a few open appoints
nice pants.
And you deserve it..
EVERYBODYY GOO VOTE FOR MY BY PHILLIP <3
Broward Sheriff Al Lamberti set to make an announcement regarding his campaign: 10am today in front of the Broward County Governmental Ctr!!
Perfectly purplicious. Enjoy 25% off all purple products in the Bliss Boutique through the weekend while supplies last.
Sounds like a plan...we may host something beforehand. We'll keep you posted.
broke two lights today with a tennis ball and my hockey strick haha
This could very well be my last math class ever! :)
Music makes everything better:)
Late night convos that keep you from sleeping <<<<<
I don't want to be this girl anymore, and I would change that just for you. Even though I believe this should be the other way around...?
"adapt or die" is my new closing argument for anything and everything. Wins every time!
*superhero's names
Thanks, Meg! Happened to be driving past and pulled over for a photo & of course a cookie too!
I'm serious
In a good way i hope haha :]
No, Mr. Ignorant Rapper.. i don't care how many ladies you got with or where you grew up or how many lives you've taken..
AND NO JOYRIDE JOY, OKAY. OKAY.
Who's the boss? Oh you are! Own your own business is golden
submit your paintings at and maybe we can include you in the magazine. Two samples is good.
is so haawwwtttt, I love you! <3
I'm not touching that game. I see ur boy B twice is inactive today
sounds great. Thanks!!
pad thai fun tonight.
Hey- Was thinking of you. Are you doing Make Music this year? I think we missed the deadline at ...
Fabio KOIN Local 6 News see jeff Gianola page
Great business mentor I am lucky to have him around!!!!
I hate to admit that I love that too.
ha nahh my fault!
Oh boy , I'm starting this insanity workout thing soon and I probably wont make it to graduation
I just thought my room mates condom, was my ramen noodles powder packet. Damnit.
Your tweets are hurting my heart. If there's any way I can help tell me.
looks like Kickers will help add to the storied history of pirates1st rd exits. Ya sure I didn't earn a 1st rd bye?
Good Morning and What's Good Ppl!!
Wow... are they equal offers?
That moment when your mom is yelling for you to hurry up and come eat dinner & when you get there its not even ready.
after seeing new #kindle fire, I'm non-plussed. Likely will wait for adhere to my pragmatic geek wisdom and wait for v2.
by the way, LOVE the new pic ;)
batman makes me die inside every time I see a trailer nonspanish short not jacked enough bane
is the fucking best , i love this guy ;)
is that scarscam??
Man this ain't easy. Talent cannot truly be judged. I see all of these amazing people as equals. Whitney, you killed it tonight!
A mi tambien!!!♥
wearing Northrop polo and tells the class "never trust a guy wearing an orange collar" kid says "dude buy a whiteboard"
My biggest fear
Today: feature film audition, print audition, acting class, rehearsal for my improv show tomorrow !
get better soon!!!
My oldest sons name will be named Ashton... Haha anyone get it
or what lol.
This day is turning out to be the worst%$#@
It's better than 11:11 I think! But 11:11 will always have a special place in my heart
Almost #HH folks! Who's trying to catch the game? Hit your nearest #Bartab venue & DM your email I'll send you a drink!
Save us now, from the rich and the poor...
Everybody will help you. Some people are very kind.
I love dancing with a passion, honestly.
I like FORGOT.... Let me think on tat....
..The science behind my Lemonade & sweet tea blended is on a whole 'nother level you aren't ready for.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
I like my women like I like my dubstep, heavy, energetic, and something I hope I never have to tell my kids about.
Really enjoyed Wednesday Night Bible Study at my place of worship tonight. Now I'm ready to watch the Grizzly Bears in action on TV!
Great seeing replay with gasol yelling at Kobe as #Manimal dunks
they have a complete different viiew on a fade here! It basically just short sides and high top, so high top fade lmao
i keep hearin everyone say it is but i wanna see this shit
okay thnx haha he is very hard to talk to!
good job!
Studio today! Time to slap a da bass!
Aye last night at the Legion was strate as fck brah i was gone off that #PeachCiroc lol
Now that your back I'll post the naked Me pics
Happy mothers day to all you moms in Twitterland !!!! <3
You got on a pea coat
In the end, It aint gonna be anyones fault but your own. Its not like you havent got chance after chance.
PLAN: Cobble together a halfway decent playlist for "running" from my sorry-assed iTunes library.
I know he's a kicker and all but someone needs to give mason crosby some tips on tackling. ?
Wait.. I just aw knowledge TJ
good. You deserve it you idiot
"Hairy"! That's what we were told to say from the gecko. But we are still the
Maybe, but Tannehill is more likely to be thought of as a bust. How many years can you be a "project in development"?
Sometimes I want to punch autocorrect
I'll take a glass!
I agree with the Hulk or Iron Man!!
Don't expect roses when you treat me like shit.
I seriously don't know what I would do without and all the amazing songs. This road trip just got better. :-)
Watching #AmericasNextTopModel :B
Hello to all of our new followers! The momentum is building....Thanks for the supporter...
That amazing moment when you drop your phone but the headphones save it from hitting the ground
All the years spent at Princeton was worth it
In Rain Man/Planes, also trying to get to LA/Chicago...lovable moron with straight man who comes around in the end...hijinx ensue!
thanks. We were relying on some suspect information.
It's a good & bad feeling... Good b/c you've got a better piece, but bad b/c you have to redo so much.
My Chemical Romance.
today my birthday, can you wish me a Happy 19th Birthday!! :D, iloveU<3
i promise to me and you So why will we let this thing go Baby I promise that I'll stay true Don't let nobody say it ain't so
jamming that devin the dude - doobie ashtray...
draped up and dripped out over here
Good luck angels, 10 years is a long time.
Is officially taking over my TL because of the amazing performance, that i didnt see (but cant wait for yall 2 come back 2 chicago
Chlorine does strange things to my hair.
HAPPY 15th BDAY! 😘🎉🎈 And hope you get lots of pressies! 💝🎁
We sure hope all our fans in Katy, TX comes out to see us on Tuesday. It'll be a blast! Tour dates and more info at facebook.com/bellemanoir
can sum1 tweet me
challenge? I wouldn't even talk to you if it wasn't for twitter. Don't kid yourself . I love you hahaha
WE CAN HELP WITH YOUR ART DEPARTMENT WORKLOAD OVERFLOW
Really hope the weather don't get bad! ☔☁⚡
thanks so much! Really looking forward to getting the cute outfits. Got customers eager as well.
Does Twitter count as a national platform? Hey , call me, tweet me, whatever works for you...haha, xoxo
Teach Kids About Prohibition.Politely Ask 2See �Secret� Wine Cellar21W52St 212.5827200
Just got to chapter 23.....all in one go my eyes are dying...will finish as soon as I wake up!! So good!!!!!!!
i did too i barely used it RT : I did. RT : Nobody had twitter in 09 the fuck
Random post-match attack by Kane but a fun tag match. Big show of confidence in Epico & Primo
hey jason :)
Taking a min from rehearsal to say wazzz up to my twitter Fam!
was it just you and Mia?
its not its number 176
We are running regularly until Dec 17th but will not officially close for the season-- get a group together for a winter ride!
Really? That sounds so tempting...
Cute little ditty by some hardcore State fans. But all you have to do is look at the sky to know whose side Jesus is really on ;-)....
Guess whose 's shipped today?
S/o to let us hook your hair up so you can be sexier being the funny man that u are
Pretty pumped about 's new cohort of incoming doctoral students...including a self-described metalhead!
Bouncing flute phrases off the the back of the hearth. Rustle of a small fire and whistle of damp wood. Early fall improvisation.
#nationscapitol. and don't be wearing cologne anyway.
Where is T-Rex at....my man's died tonight I heard....SMH...
Didn't YOU try it? Please do not mention any other body parts. Thankyou.
No, unfortunately. Hope it's going well!
thanks so much! Cheers!
Watching Etta James perform live is always a new experience for me. Every time. She was so wonderful. Something about her.
Wow, time does fly when you're having fun! Too bad i'm not having fun -___- lol
how true! LOL
bitch u stoopid
We are set! Just waiting for the go ahead to show off the very first shirts!
Yummy yummy yummy I've got love in my tummy!
hahaha I'm sure love the title of "Mr. McKay-Beadles"
If you're in a vehicle going the speed of light, what happens when you turn on the headlights?
Hi guys
You're welcome! Keep on Rockin!!
Heads up! Common toiletries like toothpaste and hairspray may contain acids and other ingredients that could damage your stone surface.
I'll switch you places, girl. Not having to buy groceries & manage finances would be great right now. Enjoy it while it lasts.
But...but..but... I want those things now!
when you go from being all happy to suddenly depressed -.-
": An #Aries can have a very difficult time making up their mind. #AriesScopes #Indecisive"
How it is, Jeffrey, is that you carry my water and I shine my glow on you.
Today I learned there are original Orozco murals at The New School. Why they are kept locked and inaccessible is perplexing.
I am 99% sure you don't like me. I am 100% sure I don’t give a f*ck
Busy busy busy
does Jaime tweet?
i would have signed up for that if it wasnt a spam.
nice rack.
its prom dont be cheap“: I really want a mani/pedi instead of doing it myself but I'm too cheap wahhh why must I be so cheap”
On a show like BL or other controlled filming environment, yes! Otherwise, NO lol! U?! RT Hey mamita!!! Would u JUMP?!?
"White people problems" can be obnoxious, but the label has ruined some internal struggling in storytelling. See: Marriage Plot.
very cool! Can I pass on to the editors ?
me and killed that show last night all day baby
Did she forget part of National a Anthem?
as always Thx u. For the love
The closer its gettin to my mixtape droppin the less sleep im gettin
Get your Happenings here at the library before they're all gone!
finally got my meat twerked this weekend !
Buying a Mac from the Apple store is like buying a car from the dealership - a all day process.
What you don't want to hear when you ask your server how she's doing: "Ehh, just getting over pneumonia."
Love enthusiasm for #uxbrunch in Baltimore April 23! Ya better rent a whole room.
ohh la la! an all natural air freshener? haha
you the NFN app is live on both android and apple!!!! download it now for free just search nfn radio
only if you don't like dogs. Bonus points if you bring your cat
Rumors on the net say you're going to help Kevin Steen win the ROH Title next Saturday & form a tag team w/him. True or not?
Hello Boston!
2303 richmond ave @ the chimney right next to blue fish and hobbit cafe
The thing is, when she falls, she falls hard, and no matter how many times she says i don't care... she really does
How about racing a NASCAR or an exotic car? Ziplinging in Bootleg Canyon is also tons of fun #Vegas #Skydiving ^AP
I'm hoping that, with the growth of indie #publishing, we'll see more playful creative experimentation in language &
ah, I will be in Tokyo at the end of May & right after that I will be in Copenhagen and Germany. Won't return till 6/18.
Played soccer with Roger Levesque and Taylor Graham of the Sounders on Sunday in a charity pick up - really nice guys.
RT : Who is ready to win a Wii Bundle????
Right where I should be. A DRINKING SONG by Yeats on my placecard for dinner: 'Wine comes in at the mouth / & love comes in at the eyes...'
Getting annoyed with the PG&E website not letting me pay our bill!
Chaired my first meeting. Sucess!
RT 100000000000000000000000000000000000 Times If you have to make sure it's OK with your girlfriend you have failed as a man.
Spring break is over! Back to schools to bring the kiddos music from around the world. We're excited to get back to it!
Lmfao! I honestly never would've guessed! But I see it now, good for her :)
I need Barack Obama to whistle and say 'Make my Day' to the Tea Party and others who try to make things difficult for him and the US!
listening to journal for plague lovers.....again, it's a great great album.
i do too !!!!!! Its been like 2 months. This is unexeptable.
i was but forgot my password I think I'm learning how this works
my little sister is a directioner, belieber, AND likes the wanted. you dont like to rival british boy bands, okay?! meh...
no, phx. Next week in la. U?
follow on twitter niece
back messages> only thing sisters are useful for
#RawFast coming to a close - good experience. Lesson learned: more fruits and veggies. Gonna feel weird eating donuts + ice cream tomorrow.
you JUST tweeted me, but didn't follow :/ can I get a follow?(;
It's a activity and a dining experience. I've never been there but went to the Tasting Room once when the chef did a demo.
Rihanna thinks it's October.
What Up Twitter Land #weedropweerock!!!
This Aint No Fucking Sing Along
Off to NYC
#Kona Coffee Festival 11/4-13. Bring on the caffeine! What's your favorite coffee drink?
that's the best feeling.
Even tho I totally misinterpreted your tweet?
Thanks for #liveblogging the #Edgars.. from those of us in fly-over country.
Art of ATSU Expo & Reception, Thursday, 4/19, 4-6 pm. Centennial Commons. Art by students, faculty, staff, & spouses/partners. Refreshments.
Got around 50K. Lost a 20K chip pot with KK vs. AQ All in pre flop.
are you Dining Without Dairy tonight?
lol u must!!! If u out there smoking!! Be careful sexy
Chilling con
did you get anything?
Man, Bill Dobbins is just fantastic
what postseason playoffs are you talking about? Stop thinking like a lions fan. Getting thru 1/4 of the field isn't good enough
Thanks! and happy Monday.
Imperial IPAs are suppose to be sweet, DUH!
Whoo hoo! Going to see Rain this Saturday!!
i am on my way sis
I like the picture you put on facebook.
All grades posted, such a relief!
It is a really day to be out
--two words: Game Day.
thanks for this: I almost forgot the Alamo!
haunt seem a funny ass tweet from you today lol was hoping to getta good laugh but maybe soon? :) night sexy
These same ppl wonder why I don't enjoy thr company.
no charge for diagnosis and hard to tell without knowing exact problem.
how's spring training going for ya? Be down there in a few days!
Thanks for connecting!!
good times!
easier to manage, plus we can have raffles and such. still going to be just as much fun though!
I'm great. You?
2,800 teenage girls get pregnant everyday. Retweet if you like pancakes.
yeah man, only two more weeks!
Happy Monday!
Who can i watch true blood with this weekend??
wow... it's raining so hard that it sounds like LA is tumbling in a washing machine right now. love that post-rain LA too!
Please check out my New video! www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
I didn't have anything nice to say, so I stayed home =\
Be prepared to accept hatred with success. Unfortunately, they go hand in hand. The real G's can sideline the nonsense though.
Not a great start defensively.
I think it's the role of the black church that makes this stereotype so enduring
One night when I was 18, two girlfriends and I decided to drive from San Diego to LA. We pulled into Oceanside and went through a drive t...
sushi can easily knock off 3 fat stacks and a grip!
Everyone loves Taking Back Sunday, yet everyone is afraid to admit so.
did follow you yet?
Ok an what's sup on the modeling???
Finally landed in Dallas!
#hth2012 elizabeth chilton up now introducing the conference with a few words
If you don’t know where you are going, any road will take you there
love #RealTime but #WhereAreTheWomen? Not discrediting panelists, but your show needs more female voices
Cmon pats we gatta win this
thank you :-)
Yes. Cut it out.
they are coming! At Los globos. Not sure about the $20 cover though. :/
me either
Just CAUSE I'M AWAY ....DON'T MEAN I ANT THERE ...
I will let occupy know about open house! Lol
Remember: We now have Service Hours from 8am to 4pm on Saturdays!
426: OMG JERI. I love how we're penpalssss. <3 Oh, and your letter should be coming soon! You're super gorgeous and i love ya girll. <33
I hope u have a grt day <3
Sleepovers are the BEST!:)
The article proof for my upcoming article in Boutique Design Magazine is great! Next issue...stay tuned!
thank you my hero! Is your stress better? Mine's not...
Casey Hayward, I'll take your seven INT's last year. #goodpick for the Pack
Screening & discussion tonight at the San Francisco Public Library w/ Milton Reynolds as moderator!
This weather makes me want to drive to the beach blasting Jimmy Buffett!!!! Yes, I am a parrot head.
I had a dream about this! A few weeks ago, I talked in my sleep about looking at pictures of the Earth from Mars, according to Zach.
sounds DELISH! Side note -- we need to get together! Let me know when you're work schedule calms down a bit!
New topic - E500 Flash Sync
So far everything is Ok here just pretty windy.
Happy Birthday To Lil Trill (:
You are so gonna rock the house tomorrow!
Thank you and for the !
That is very true! Haha
nice i will be there
Happy birthday future husband.
Embedding = key to easy website design. Thanks aka Harris Kleyman for doing in 24 hrs what took others years! New website soon!
me????why say so????how did i become his sister????but i like that...that way i can talk to him.
fascinating women are sharing their table w/me. Janet & Sherry are fun and inciting (or maybe it is insightful) :)
22/25 for those who wondered.
Lost a night of finishing up packaging last night bec I got real sick. :( Now to figure out if I need to miss Snow Patrol 2night to finish.
Traits of a procrastinator: I really need someone to be on top of my ass via emails or text to get multiple deadlines done.
eating toast, and watching spongebob is the best way to start Christmas Eve.<3 :]
Off to Petco to buy a paycheck's worth of chews, treats, toys, balls, bones, beds, and other crap.
Been listening to way too many old suspenseful radio shows, & playing them too loud too, I think it's bugging the axe murderer in the attic.
hahah it's okay dear, thanks you :) xx
I was an amateur fighter. Physically, I'm not afraid of anyone I work with.
1 more flight. Amsterdam here I come...
. Insanely jealous but I know you deserve it! ;)
If i wanna do music , whats the point of going to school lol
Who the heck got the dumb idea to make stomp the yard 2 and why is BET showin it?
07/18/2011 - Girl Scouts Twilight Camp Come and have fun, make new friends and learn new songs and games.
still can't see my grade on pipeline :( and did not get an email?
YES! MT My #1 wish for the iPad 3: Enough RAM that it can hold way more Safari tabs in memory without having to reload them.
Just wrote an awesome song that I may never be able to release...... **Sigh**
RT - I hope that the Jacksonville Jaguars lose every game this season..
Hair Tip: Trim your ends every 2 months
:-) RT Thank you to my friend, Susan Henderson of , for registering with a bone marrow donor bank.
Hope you enjoy it... Dave does a great job of helping people get to the Nxt Level! ~Nxt
So great to finally meet the ladies! Great concept great vibe, super excited!
Because you didn't txt me im probably finna fall asleep RT : I only said dat cuz you said goodnight, u fina stay woke?
how so? :o
Congrats Coach Monty! Yes!!
Redwood shores or bust.
Nothing as far as I can tell around my office on Boylston St. Our power is up and running just fine. Nothing out of the ordinary.
thanks for coming to today. great to see you!
When you say, "9 out of 10 forest fires are caused by humans," all I hear is, "There's a bear out there who knows how to use matches."
Is that at OU?
wait, are you really looking for a puppy? I have a friend who is fostering a dog right now.....
#ASTD2012 went to the wrong room and couldn't sneak out but made the most of it. it was a pretty good panel on leadership trends.
that is the million dollar question. I vote cognac.
We hope everything ran smoothly yesterday! #StVincentFam BTW, really playing well lately!
Bucs in business in the 3rd. Back to back singles by Tabata and Walker to lead off the inning.
haha I wasnt kissing anybody and why wouldnt you kiss the bros haha
You joined the tea party? RT : I am a nonfunctional person of dubious mentality today.
Community Media Workshop Conference today #mmc2011 I'm a panelist and will be talking about #RedCross and mobile engagement
We have some great music coming your way soon from and
What is StaffingMarketplace? •StaffingMarketplace helps you get found online by more qualified visitors
Ahhhhhhhthankyou... Keep up the good work, guys- Let me know what I can do to help. #promotion #blogpost???
Why fade away on Westbrook? Hieght advantage.
In photography, the smallest thing can be a great subject. The little human detail can become a leitmotif." — Henri Cartier-Bresson
Sometimes I forget about
Thanks for the shout out!
brick squad.
followed, follow back?
Back to Seattle tomorrow. One of my sons is sick. Hard to be away even when they are in their 20's.
thought that Teal did well today, but I agree
Hi Gabrielle, I read All These Things I've Done and loved it. When does book #2 come out in the US? Thanks!
be home soon my love
common fn sense
recall: The following pet brands ALL recall their dog foods(including a 4th expansion to recalls by Diamond)for Salmonella...
Why i am ready to open my kid's Rockband gift and get loose?
Sounds good guys! Looking forward to the show.
Haterz Hate me cause I'm quick Ladies lick me cause I'm sweet Tweet It
that juice was soo yummy
Thanks!“: Yum! Lasagna for lunch tomorrow? RT : Tuesday is Lasagna day. Mention this tweet for a free soft drink!”
My bracket is nearly flawless thus far. Show me the money. I told ya not to sleep on Louisville! Now, let's go CUSEEE!!!!!!!
Do You Like Motivational Quotes? Follow -
Join our EXCLUSIVE tour of the Hide/Seek exhibition w/the CO-CURATOR! $45/$35 members. 2pm Feb 4. RSVP:
thanks! Come! It's a rock and roll bedtime story. XO
Them niggaz can't catch me I'm prime time baby lmao ya hilarious Ricky
& another weird thing is that it ALWAYS happens when it's raining outside. .__.
Thx again4 d opp! EVERY1 involved SMASHED IT!RT : S/o to team y'all went in with and #doveawards !!!
Congrats on your recognition last month as an up-and-comer in the Indy Star!
just saw your Against Me! comments on It's like you're in my head sometimes.
thanks again! Stoked that you liked your guitar!
yes I am, even though the world is telling me I shouldn't be!
thank you :)
just completed 20 minutes of meditation with
It is the time to reflect upon the year 2011 and plan for 2012. Dan Miller plans for the next year in October; however, now is not too late.
Did pop punk save your life ?
i wish!
I love kevin hart!
Dec25 2AM 34 years ago my parents eloped in a downtown vegas chapel. My mother in a black dress. A ring found in a trashcan. Snow falling
Hope you enjoyed them
New background thanks too !
energized after day 2 of running through streets of #greenpoint brooklyn. Tackled the Pulaski bridge. Horton dance tmrw.
"Coaching" makes the players to what you tell the media they need to do!
Snyder, Bill Walsh, Ingmar Bergman... they go in threes.
What happened when the icicle landed on the sowmman's head?It knocked him cold.
Roughin up the gits at home
good;) still watching jack?;)
Your abs look like mashed potatoes. Ew.
I run edge on some of my sites, so I'm ahead of the curve ;)
The Things I'm afraid to tell you posts have just collectively impacted me profoundly. I'm almost at a lost for words - just, thank you all!
Thanks Tyler
Did I really eat that WHOLE steak?
Life is meant to be lived in the way you choose!
thank you for the follow!
Okay, 1st task completed. Readings are scanned in for next week's class. Parkes on Secretary hand! Now, to transcribe for T-PEN.
going pretty good, had a big client meeting this morning and now I am reviewing my notes.
hehe I got this😉
I want to work at Dunkin' Donuts part time then maybe work my way up.
hm, find out more n let me know wassup!
Tune in to the radio show Thursday morning around 8:30. We will be talking to him about our new series on
We are playing the cd release on October 17th! We will have tickets very soon contact us if your interested!
oh wait... you're not 21 hahahahah AWKWARD
thanks, welcome to my tweeps;) keep on tweeting
"Baby please dont go go go go, if i wake up tomorrow will you still be here, i dont wanna know...."
Good Afternoon sunshine state
SO HILARIOUS!
This week it's Chili Project #8 -Fire Roasted Chilies, Black Beans, Queso Blanco, Cilantro Mayo and Rajas de Tortilla.
Love that Electric Ballroom is trending ahahaha.
South Carolina to train the RUSK Master Stylists
Hey you, yea you with the hair
you know it! #comingtotown do you know my cousin who is a recording artist in #Toronto? Hidden Ambition is his performance name
Nothing good.
"We're all trying to use history to engage people to make our communities better." Johns Hopkins
you've reached a certain point in your career when you make such observations; it can be a dangerous place.
if you want to get to the NBA right away give Coach Cal and UK a call. Go Cats!!
SAME! RT I HAD MY 1ST HEELS AT THE AGE OF 13
I'm looking forward to you performing in the Orlando Florida area sometime. BTW a follow would be nice.
Turkey day! Football, tons of food, and naps = best day of the year
next: Clean up day and than planting!! can't wait ... do you want to help? contact us here!
Question of the Day: What do you do if cats are stuck in your wall? Respond with suggestions to
Week In Style: Green Is Universal Edition mystyle went "green " with a ton of galleries. One highlighted stars, like Vanessa Hudgens, who
For some reason the #redsox fans at Penn station don't look too happy this morning.
Schools out for summer ! Schools out forever ! 😃
Longest day of my life and it's not even over.
Right now, we can't. Trying to find smart people who might know how.
almost did!
hey girl! If you texted me again and I didn't answer, my phone died lol
Can't wait to talk to Bill Bennett about education tomorrow. He is an American hero and one of my favorite people!
...oops, more like "Do what you want during the game, absolutely NO talking during the commercials."
Listening to the SDSU radio broadcast of the LBSU game. This announcer is ALL ABOUT Casper. #SBM!
If nothing else, they often have some pretty decent music there.
What a beautiful night!! Wind, rain, Thunderstorm! #crazychicagoweather <3
So the lebron 9 Elite South Beach is my next shoe pick up
---> rt ": People who can make you smile just from a text >"
I been alright just trying to keep grinding how's things been on ya end
Sanford nonsense swamping the air waves could be stealth move by GOP to distract from our demands for Public Health Care for all.
Trying hard not to laugh when some guys bumps his head....
I don't know who that would be, but behind style pantry!
Finally made it to #smas12. Next up: some case examples of #socialanalytics adoption from JD Power.
ATTENTION: A father alone w/his daughters is NOT "babysitting!" If you believe this to be the case, this is your damn problem - not mine.
The best part about going out of town with a team is the getting in trouble...
It's like this omnipresent feeling of regret that just won't leave me the hell alone. / on a brighter note, my hair's longer
Ryan Braun goes #beastmode on that 3-1 pitch. He loves it.
# U sum a:-) Hot stuff. U want my numba? Ill.make ya.life happia.. Very
continuing to prep for technology eval tomorrow
OMG. I am yours 4ever. RT A rose in my garden. Be my Valentine ! twitpic.com/86hvza
World News America on #PBS tonight: #Eurozone economies in trouble, still no govt for Greece, Afghan boots & #Shakespeare reborn in Indiana
Ea volunteer ea outreach makes several dozen hard-boiled eggs 4our clients, a delicacy for them. Since 12/2006, we've handed out almost 17K!
Do we need #corporate sponsorship to lobby for an act of Congress that makes quality of #military childcare system available 2 all families?
In amsterdam & settled into appt. Looking for great places/ experiences for kids. Got any suggestions?
pacers win!!!
Michelle & Chris, thank you. Thanks for letting Josh chase his dream & for sharing him with the world. It must be hard. So thank you.
Yes, can hit those big notes. But, there are a lot of other notes and considerations to make.
Delaware Park with 😃
"A goal is a dream with a deadline." - Napolean Hill
Self Preservation.
lol I thought you had good luck but we on the same page!
Thank you most kindly! Please come again!
It was excellent indeed, I almost got my watch stolen by an off duty street magician! We miss Las Vegas & we miss !
For me you'll always be 18 and beautiful and dancin' away with my heart
“: Oh you have snapbacks and tattoos, you must have so much swag.” shut the fuck up
..and so it start. Another work week
"The heavens declare the glory of God; and the sky itself shows his handiwork."~Psalm 19:1
Against stupidity the gods themselves contend in vain.
I feel like crying.
Our second note on the history of zarzuela has been published to our Facebook site! Check it out! (On the web site soon)
yay!!!!!! So excited! When do you guys come back?
" Behind me is infinite power, before me is endless possibility, around me is boundless opportunity. - Author Unknown"
Hi Justine! SO glad I got to say hi again before I left! :)
I hope tomorrow flows smoothly for me. Oh please, oh please......well, technically today. 🙏😁
ohio. im classy asFUCKK
People who use Y.O.L.O for everything have NO life.....kthxbye
RT I'm an SNL fan, but I didn't laugh during the Tebow/Jesus skit. I found it predictably offensive. It just what they do.
just ordered "shine" by Lauren Myracle for my library. Partially bc its an awesome book, and partially to annoy #WSJ 's Gurdon
I'll bite. Haha. Unmade a 560 verbal and a shameful 280ish on the math. :/
TwistAid could open it! Check it out at www.twistaid.com
Phoenix vs. New Jersey would be my choice for a final.
so what's this '"half birthday" shit and how can I be apart of it? bhahahahaha
Took your soul out into the night it may be over but it won't stop there I am here for you if you'd only care.
Man I am feeling FAT this Tuesday.
Great story this am, Charles!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs for all those who don't know Eli is the only qb in the nfl without familiar targets
GO KINGS GO!!!
Terrell Owens was on the Dr. Phil show? Well, he has shown consistently poor judgement over the years. So, I guess this fits the pattern.
I'm in for the day “: save me”
Nothing better than the original rollercoaster tycoon on the cpu for the trip home : )
serena maneesh was totally weird, but in a performanc-y, look what i made you way.
Colin Cowherd ABSOLUTELY REFUSES to give the Spurs any credit!! He's just "HOT" over Kobe and Lebron!
It's a new month. Consider opening a new Word Document,...
The mark of true #leader is not how well they can share their successes with others, but how transparent they can be about their failures.
Just the King and I in the kitchen so far this morning. Loving it! Nothing gets me going like a little Elvis
We are at rices market today in new hope spot 214! Come out and say hi!
DM=direct messaging
YES WAY.
excuse me? what the fuck
Now that I missed the whole series, I really want to watch #frontline on Wall Street. Guess I know what I'm doing Sunday afternoon.
The Things Digital and Literacy Instruction institution at #IRA2012 definitely grabbed our attention! Who is attending it?
I can't wait ^_^
I think the #chiefs should start Palko instead of Cassel, and not play McCluster against the #patriots. We would win!
You know when you see a girl with a pretty face you wanna fuck their face
Good morning. Have a blessed day! :)
yeah, I just don't want to give critics any reason
“: #CGBaseball takes on Avon at Victory Field at 5:30! Only 5 dollars to get in!” Here's to a better outing than last time!
thanks so much Amanda. We enjoyed it.
Your what makes my heart go and skip a beat when you are inches away from me . #Natural .
S.O. to my cousin Kyle for his Little League game-winning home run!!
This nigga Will Smith be in the saddest movies.
so young lost 0 and 1. yep, seems going back to mom as his coach is working out really well for him.
Jazz, Jas, Rushun, Jazzy, whateva u wanna call me 
RT : It's "Common Sense" day -- on Feb. 2, 1776, Thomas Paine's ideas first appeared in Virginia Gazette.
I might not text, call or see you, but you must know that my love for you never stops. It just gets bigger.
Practice makes perfect keef! :-)
night time helicopter maneuvers sans nav lights off tonight over Loop
We deliver them. But we are unable to offer the 1/2 off sushi on Wed.
Glad you're still a cheesehead
Thought for the morning... You're never too old to learn something stupid.
very awesome!
sorry that it's my pet peeve
And said there was another threat at 5 AM today...so is there more than one stupid phone caller?
planning a workshop/tour w bookbinding and Painting in Italy 2013
hell yeah me too
Good shit ! Enjoy that trip to Japan!
haven't made a trip down to Beloit to see him, and Rosario, yet but I really wanna get there soon
yeah I'm trying
what's your start date?
date night with my love:)
#toccon keynotes this year are inspiring!
Why are you following me?
that's a good idea. My brain cells turn off when I catch a few minutes never mind an entire episode. Recharge brain
Governor , please stop unfairly targeting #wolves. Treat them like #wildlife, with respect -- not as something to be eliminated!
New great song I was just introduced to by : JT Hodges, "Goodbyes Made You Mine"
Thank you. You were right. The surgery went just fine(: I'm alive 💛
Hey...not to go too far off topic...but did you guys see the Giants got their Super Bowl Rings ...
damn that's horrible. U know Big G met him at the last carshow. Pics and were thang. Sad.
ooh, that area with the parking lot entrance/exit is a total danger zone
Penn State sent me a violation notice today for 2 unpaid parking tickets from April 2008. #isthatajoke?
#tech2012 I'd pay for a privacy protective FB, Google, etc. Where do I pay?
Woof. RT : Gonzaga moms look a lot like gonzaga girls
I got tickets for my gays through work silly!! I didn't even know about this they had to school me I'm at the Encore EDC on sat!
Glad you're enjoying it!
is heading to Albequrque tomorrow for the LOEX conference
Need a inspection for ur insurance renewal for roof or shutter discount
Thanks to airways I'm sleeping in my jeans tonight! Late flights and lost luggage! Poor customer satisfaction is no. 1
Love it when customers start evangelizing on our behalf. Love seeing on
right , we could walk wherever we want !! No asking for concerts we could just go ..
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. - Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
Tyler Perry set..good times.
for Canadians this is true, but for us we tend to be more sensitive. Plus w/ wind chill they say it feels like low 30s...
: Once you see our exhibit you'll definitely want to pedal your way around town!
Someone take a pole dancing class with me!! I wanna learrnnn.
Just got off the phone with someone in Australia, wow. Also set up my plan for down under, so I can make phone call while there. Ya
Target brand mouthwash is possibly the worst tasting thing ive ever had. My mouth is burning AND it feels like lighter fluid
I like nick cannon
#YouWasSexyUntil you dropped that piece of chocolate on the floor.
When we were walking hand in hand, everything was perfect, but when I took my hand out of yours, you let go too easily.
What do you want me to do ?
got to say I love quite a few but my favorite would have to be #shredmatrix close 2nd is ras lemonade
RT : I wish more people could have positive attitudes about life but maybe that's just wishful thinking
me either im gone go some day
Need a hug :(
Excitement building for Super Bowl ads: first David Beckham for H&M, now John Stamos for Dannon!
Holy Week! Holla! Your boy's bout to do it up!
the pick up line wrote "Are you cambell's soup cause your mm mm good" reminded me of myself hitting on
SO excited to be on vacation tomorrow, but nervous to fly. Not crazy about this feeling!
Congratulations to my Twitter friend who jumped on the Isagenix bandwagon with me, has lost 15 lbs in 2 weeks, and made $204!
If the point of The Voice is to find a recording artist....isn't the whole show technically a product placement?
difficult conversations <
Just got my first of hopefully many phone calls/notes from today's rally - heard 65k people? Awesome! #wiunion, ROCK ON!
Hey, who you met at our show is playing at The Way Station tomorrow Sun 8:30! You should come, I'll get there late
The exploitation of div 1 college football players by universities would make Karl Marx turn in his grave.
Would have been better last week at the peak of the Perseid Meteor Shower - still, today (tonight?) is Shooting Star Day, make a wish!
I got 4 high rollers inquiring about VIP for Monday is there anything hat you guys can do for them ?
Birthday shout out to who's in Chapel Hill this weekend.
Not much, been somewhat inactive myself
Birmingham, Alabama :) let"s the games begin
#3wordsthatwomenhate the condom busted:O
Nasty, rainy weather today. :(
As someone who knows little about online ads, too bad I couldn't make it to #hhchi last night. Looking fwd to next #hackshackers in chicago
you want me to follow ya back?
Can I just say life is full? Life is full.
Don't hold your breath.
2 cars crashed into each other in mexico 37 people were killed.
Next topic: how outside groups, governments, diaspora can aid democracy in the Middle East
And my 13,600 tweet goes to my Heat Hater / Twitter Budddie , Lol . he stays hating on my Heat but i gotta love him >.<3
I followed
whoa whoa whoa you coming to Milwaukee?? I got the planes
Life is too short, Charles. Move to Austin?
agreed with the Original Six preference. Plus I like Lundqvist and Tortella is always good for an amusing press conference.
Y NO IN SCHOOL BTDUBZ Im gonna call you jerms from now on k? k. c:
Skinner points out that born-digital newspaper content presents major challenges--we don't even know what we want to preserve!
Ultimately, I believe this flood is demonstrating our increased need for MORE INNOVATION in the area of IT infrastructure
"The possibilities are endless, the task is to identify and work with team players only...
#Doughboys After-School special in L.A kills any soup/sandwich combo and whoever orders it consistently
Don't be Hatin'
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe be yourself
stirs it up...get off you butt and get facts!!! Give cred to Al Jaz when it benefits your fear agenda...do sum work and vet!
RT : Thanks to YOU, & all who have provided so much support for
“: lol I told you! Its going down at cornbreadz” lmao ima wear my j'z
Thank you for adding our content into your "Twitter Daily" Have a great week!
You are a bad influence RT Dear Tequila shot at 2am, you were a bad idea. Why is the world so bright and loud today?
Imagination came bring a revelation
Big #RIT Bookbag meeting happening in the OPL, exciting developments on the horizon! Stay tuned for more details
Husband in office tower across the Connector said it looks like the bomb squad just arrived.
Somehow I'm back to visiting Oscars at least once a week. Best time travel ever.
I think you're really great & know watching horror movies w/ you while eating pizza naked in bed would be really fun
And is entertainer of the year!
Someone get John Harkes a razor!
I'm not generally an annoying person, you're just such an easy target ;)
thanks love :)
#NowPlaying Beekeeper's Daughter by The All-American Rejects
~ Super Bowl XLVI ~
I saw a pic of u that was tweeted from ur photo shoot u looked BEAUTIFUL, loved the hair, you have me in love w/ ripped jeans!
Only heard by the refined ears of insomniac musicians ;-)
lol thanks for the smile. ;)
Do you remember the time when you were mine.
We successfully outreached to an increased number of mothers and fathers.
Please help Wee Rescue by temporarily fostering a pup or two while we find a happy forever home? Email inquiries to .
My conscious may hate me for having a best friend with a Yankee tattoo and a Mets internship.... but I am SO happy for you !!!
Have I told you lately how glad I am that you are into our band? Rock on!
Paid in full... Another 1 of my favorite movies!!
Of course the teacher is late for our final exam
nice article on the Gonzalez brothers' show! Made me feel like I was at the concert... ;)
RT: Surprise - teens prefer texting to talking
Last day at the #AmericanChiropracticConference. We have lots of #Samples of so come over 2 booth 35 today before they're gone.
Both Yanks games at Nats Stadium are already sold out?!
Definition of perpetual motion machine is it creates more energy than it uses. sunlight is limitless so a solar panel is perpetual motion.
Students own many different devices ... they value anytime, anywhere access
Clint for President.
Ready to back to Portland. Thanks Washington DC for the good time.
According to Planet Fitness "hipster" is not a target weight.
TribeCon! Get ready for another star speaker in the making! Let's hear it from ! Wooot!
that was a joke BTW
True! RT “: I don't buy idea Rose was rusty tonight. Heat has a plan against him, esp w Big 5 lineup. Rondo more of issue.
haha hollin'. Don't tell em, let em hear it for themselves & notice!
Apparently, Adele has released a new single about how she's not over her boyfriend who is obviously over her.
Have seen so many lists lately of top 5 this and top 10 that, thinking of compiling a list of lists. Do you have any favorites to share?
I <3 my job, thats y i dont even wanna go back to school
it's looking good! ... but nothing confirmed yet. I should find out for sure tonight :)
Any big riding plans this memorial day weekend?
Finally upgraded in life and got an iPhone
That is perfect phrasing.
whenever yall wanna come to the radio station let me know
Roll call, who of you are UX designers?
Watch a Week of WWE in 90 Seconds!
should definitely be taking me tonight instead of the fat boy!
Dumpsters are community toilets........ Teehee(:
Email us all your guys' names and contact info! We need shirt sizes and counts. =)
HOLY SHIT. FREE THROWS! F-ING FREE THROWS! WE'RE TALKING ABOUT FREE THROWS.
- miss you too, CT! Yep, channel will be there Monday and we're 2 weeks later
RT : The game of #Acting is not so much in holding a good hand as playing a poor hand well.
holla we tryna work collab and all that stay on that Va thing slime
Thank you for the follow? May we send you a free bookmark to help with spiritual reading?
please keep the gross reporting up. Best. Birth. Control. EVAR. ;)
I hate when people can clearly see my tattoos and then say "oh, you have tattoos?" No Bitch! They're birthmarks like WTF! -___-
Oh damn. Maine in August? I'm having trouble breathing. It's too exciting.
that was unexpected to say the least
Let's go ! Leave it all on the field!
continue to track weather @ tracks and maybe do weather trivia?
I love
Get your a$$ up the money's calling!!!
Excellent point! :-)
You ever just wanna say something but you don't know how to say it. I think I am crazy for this girl
Will your Christmas Special be airing in the US?? I'd love to see ANTHING you're in.
I guess NCAA's prob is they have to connect the dots with evidence. Even Lyles said there was no quid pro quo.
would love to, but this week we're super busy. Maybe next week? I think we have Tues and Fri free...
I mean if your dads a girl then yep it was him.....
#GUBday is on Monday! What's your wish for Georgetown? Let us know Mon. at 11:00 am in Sellinger Lounge OR at dinner at Leo's !
It's Christmas, stop eating my stocking, the cat, and my spatulas.
Got home at 5:30 & was greeted w/husband's request to track down Walk Among Us (ha.) So, keeping calendar empty for next year.
don't get too excited
I'm good. I called you on oovoo the other day
this looks awesome.
How can a team be considered better if they cant win 1 SnD? Its like knowing how to pass,dribble but not being able to shoot.
I hate forward progress
it's ok but thanks :) I'm sure everything will work out....eventually
RT : Embrace and love the shape of your body. If you want changes, do it!
Going live to the big room with Imagine Dragons at 1p!
took a nap after school and then I have dance in a little bit <3
Today is Clyde Stubblefield's b-day. I'm sure yall know how important he's been 2 hip-hop. Give him a Twitter shout.
Last hair treatment today!:)
Can I get Theo's "Bridge" from last season so I can jump off it??
Can't stop singing piña colada boy. Fuck you
Thank you for following!!! ♥ It means a lot ♥ ♥Bretana♥
Ironic- DVR'ed "The Biggest Looser" and am making a mChess Pie- how guilty do I feel?!?
I forgot how much you hated thunderstorms. BTW my neighbors are having a bon fire. During a thunderstorm?
Me, on watching the heartbeat on ultrasound: "Have you ever seen such a crazy thing?" Her: "There was that Gathering of the Juggalos video."
We can do that!
Band show tonight @ Mater.
i wish would follow us! :)
Ain't no shame....he is a great
yep it's called being a victim, in their irresponsibility, they blame someone else for their lack of performance.
Q: If a baseball and bat cost $110, and the bat costs $100 more than the ball, how much does the ball cost? <Don't look at other's answers!>
it disappeared in the water. Just bought me a jet ski in case that happens again.
and done! Keep listening and we will talk on air.
Lakers all M'f day
that's what I'm sayin!
Tech is cool because we've been talking about Barcelona and travel in general. Love meeting new people! :)
Focused, bout to hit the gym!
There is nothing worse than a sharp image of a fuzzy concept. - Ansel Adams
Thank you! RT : We didn't do this on Twitter earlier, but we should have. A very Happy Birthday to
What don't you get?
Situation in west allis. Bomb squad and fire dept at the mobile home park. My guess is
Can't beat hockey intros.
Look at him signing all those bills!
I love your icon picture
oh.... lol your prob right lol they say u can eat the flowers but i dint go there lol
I can't believe Dunn turned it around like he did. See he wasn't lazy in the off season.
Serious question, did landry fields even play yesterday?
Im getting greater over time,developing some killa rhymes,rappin wit a straight jacket on wit a mental mind-DajeeK :) Fuck wit ya boy
Intro of Newt: SC sent a clear message that we don't want a timid president. We want a strong president who will tell the truth.
you & this Work lol
#EmmaStone is literally perfect. She's an amazing actress and she's gorgeous!
Great start 2 the day : We're watching the sunrise from the 34th floor of 11 Times Square for our NY Real Estate Summit this morning.
This rain is so sexy right now...
What!? That sounds great! Thanks! RT : I think the we got at #PhillyFoodEx is going to change my life.
WHO ELSE IS EXCITED FOR WNBA TIP-OFF?!
O-H!!! Proud of you bro!!! Way to respond to adversity!!!
Love it! RT : I know you have nothing to do now all summer so I think its about time for some baseball w/ ?!
I ordered food from my phone and didn't leave the sofa until door bell rang. Should've just told them where the hide a key was.
Independent women >
We'll have a Shakeytown Radio Minute up this week with bonus material from Bebe McPhereson's interview. Next Monday's episode: !
I feel sorry for the Memphians killed in the avalanche.
yup I agree. Now I'm hungry!
It's lunchtime! What's on your plate?
she had dumps like a truck truck truck thighs like what what what let me see that thong thong thong thong thong
Damn straight. See you there!
I have 4-5 midterms left, 3 finals, 5 assignments and 2 papers in that span of time
Preparing to shoot with Model: Jessica Tome' and MUA: Gisset Renteria tomorrow!
Bang Bang Bang
good afternoon!! lol
yep... “: #Capricorn's on a bad day are depressed, gloomy, discontented and worrier's.”
Dominate A rodge
A food court, free shuttle from hotel to #bocas2012 events, female writers a plenty, new and old voices of all ages
Too broke to buy Drop Dead Clothing.
amen. Freaking vag!!
You thought Mullin was awful in studio? Try him out for color commentary. Somehow it's worse.
SEX ain't better then LOVE ♥ but love HURT like yo first time having SEX
Talk about Hunger Games, I'm STARVIN'!
"Going" to another Rangers game June 13....already made backup plans though because I trust the backup plans more than Plan A smh
our pleasure :)
I wish I could just stay in bed, but I can't afford it, ha.
I havent but ive seen bits and pieces on twit and tumbl. do u have the link?
If you can't take it don't dish it. Period.
THE FOCUSED MIND IS THE ONE MOVIN MOVIN WIT ORDER _ GROWN MEN NEED TO HAVE AN ORDER TO THEMSELF IF NOT THEY MOVE AS BABYS TO A BOTTLE
Cool. Send me the link.
Veneta Bottega Bags line of luxury clothing and accessories | Artiklar
dude, the best!
cat poo has to be the most foul substance on earth.
Thank you!:) how are the girls?
it.bz link leads to a page not found!!!
#thatawkwardmoment when you fall down the stairs because your legs are so sore they give out on you (y)
What's everyone's favorite Christmas movie? Mine is a tie between Its a Wonderful Life and Die Hard..
even if it does snow, no better way to enjoy it than with a hot toddy.
Why do I make life harder than it has to be?
Up next is #missworld!Who is excited?Tell me ur favs?
What did you think of the Bonfire series last night ?
There we go!
Let him cook. Ball is his job, not his life. Deals with enough scrutiny as is, don't need it from fans too.
Heels vs Sneaker Tonite @ Area performance by Pittsburg Slim. Get on list free 10pm 2am
Day of Faith in Action w/friends from
☺Gordo !!!i have the Ebook do of u want to read it I can send it to u
Have been reading your blog articles, (which are great). By chance are you attending #MW2012?
hahaha yes sir! so stoked for tmrw nite! i'm hoping flew up for this one!
As 1891 comes to a close, I cannot help but think back on the momentous events of the past year...
Starting The Watsons Go to Birmingham-1963 by CP Curtis w/ #5th graders today!
Haha me and lauren were out eating one time and we didn't know that a man was standing near the door cause we were near the car and we said
what u been up to...
A1. Spoil Mom both with Mother's Day Brunch but nice steak dinner!
I'll be damned if I'm gonna get punked at the age on 47 (especially on TV)
3 days until Thanksgiving, 33 days until Christmas, and 40 days until 2012.
IQ is the single best predictor of performance for almost any job you can imagine. Predicts upwards of 63% of performance.
U even think I'm fake. I don't know my dad yeah because he's fucking physco and tried killing my mom. So we got put into WPP again thanks.
This might be the worst season ever of The Biggest Loser. Shady characters on this show, not fun to watch.
You had me at hello, and lost me at goodbye. And everything in between, I guess it was a lie.
"Only a week until I get my c300" Me too.Yay!
Why is everyone talking about God today. This boy on facebook was just reciting the whole bible & it was actually upsetting me.
i wonder why some people think they are cool when they look like idiots when they talk i just funny to watch
Not sure of the origin of the term, have never heard it except in UK.
60% angel 30% naughty 10%bad girl now which girl do u want to play with ?
omfg what what what what
Leo Thomas DB has recommitted reports Matt Moreno at goazcats.com
i called u this weekend babe
"Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase." - Martin Luther King Jr
I just had the horrible realization that the word vacuum is incredibly strange and I've been spelling it wrong my whole life. Two 'u's?
can you follow back so i can dm you?
I'm an idiot. Just ground off a good chunk of my thumbnail cleaning a cooking stone.
Do one thing a day that scares you.
is wrapped!!! Thank you to everybody who was involved with the production, via training, onset involvement, or financial backing!
So glad the puppy went to sleep now I can watch the game
Best believe I'll remind her, though.
Wishin we were playing in Amsterdam this week ;)
Do u always tweet LHill lyrics or just while drinking? ;)
No problem! RT : Just picked up my pail of coffee grounds from Bexley. Thanks COJ for helping me garden organically!
Clearly I chose the wrong panel.
When I grow up, I want to be a morale officer from Ouendan/Elite Beat Agents. Either that, or Nathan Drake. Or both.
Grusin looks for social justice outcome from decentering of human that is long-developing impetus for current "nonhuman turn."
Out watching the game with my pregnant friend. There's a line of drunk girls trying to talk about it.
finds the debate around the freedom flotillas one of the more complicated ones out there right now.
Couldn't dm you, but if ur interested, I have frosh/soph sts who might b interested n musical taste interviews. Dm me. :)
great, I'm at school now hahah wbu? (:
he says evolution changed his mind.
Maybe I should become a personal trainer...but use my tweets instead of actually physically training someone. YES
“ When a love is true, it wouldn't be broken by problems, weakened by time, or gone by distance” in what world?
Home relaxing.... Getn ready for bed..Thankn god daily for these blessing....
Some kids today need a role model badly
Pain is nothing compared to what it feels like to quit. -Unknown (So true)
you guys all murked that show too!!
SHUT YOUR MOUTH! I was intoxicated by the emotions from our passionate encounter 8===D--- 0:@> (that's a hat)
Aww my baby look pretty! I would tell her but we not talking lol
I am so sorry for your loss. Prayers to you and your family.
Ram fan motto: with u when u win and with with u when u lose our heart doesn't stop rooting on St Lou and our team n goldnblu
At least you didn't draft Pierre Thomas or Jonathan Stewart. Then you would have already done that.
Pictures every day?
Where ever I move to will be my second home
My mom is such a selfish person -_- sacrificing MY sleep for taking care of my dog. He can take care of himself!
I hate wearing make up!!!
Oh okay. Cool.
TVNOW_me thanks for following me on Twitter!
what's that mean
My wife has more followers than I do. No fair, I'm the rockstar!
How was your night mine was wonderful with you by my side, lol (:
#ILeftYouBecause you were a little bitch. Immature. Insecure. Crazy. Clingy. Ugly. Thought you were smarter than me. Waste of my time
In need of a professional website? Contact us for your free consultation to get started today!
Done with Please Touch Museum. Heading to the zoo. Awesome time,so great to see Liam smiling ear to ear, enjoying everything.
In 4 minutes we are hitting at Jazz Dock with my dad... Can't wait!
are you going to be in ANOTHER commercial?
Goodens made shot was so high it went out the top of the frame. Then swish.
protein is so important.
nah I haven't. I'll check it out!
Thanks for the visit!! Our hearts still hurt from Sunday :(
I think you won this one. Ever had the coffee?
I just met up with Angela last Tues for a tweetup with author Steve Farber. I am looking to meet up with her and Mike Sansone soon!
Today we are guided to just be. Check in with your ♥. Check in with your feelings. Don't get attached to your story, start to flow.
ah, saw it with a crowd but their enthusiasm was reflective of my own.
Staged readings! Short commitment, GREAT networking, and you may just find yourself in the next big hit!
Nice work.
you're used to those in your throat
i want the sad music back...
i watched all of your keeks cos i stayed home from school....♥♥
It's the playoffs a new season, I watch by myself!!!!! Only person I will allow to watch a game w me is my grandpa :) he's on his way
are you back? I want to go see
Happy New Year!!!!
Gotta go to math tutoring :/ Bye guys!
U can make personal changes th@ will give u greater selfconfidence. Don't b afraid 2 pursue unfamiliar grounds. Spend time w/ ur lover 2day
I know he got too many females on him tho
young the giant reminds me of coldplay. and that is why so far, i'm not a fan.
Lois Paul and partners. It's downtown near st street/government center. Where are you? Lets go today!
Lewis Hamilton is a wanker.
the courses themselves didn't look very crowded. Just getting on the course seems to be the hold up.
TGIF! Enjoy your night!!
I wish 50 cent and akon would make some new music
Hello Max. Have a great weekend!
Hey can you check the email I sent you? :)
Thanks a million!!!
are you going to do more on teen wolf? you should! I hope I do!
Snitch on everybody over everything they do
skinny soy? Is that even a thing?
I'm not currently. How do you like it?
Dell has expanded its partnership with Goodwill Industries in the U.S. to another 319 locations. – Texas Tech Pulse, Environmental Leader
Ooh ! I won that here on twitter - a btw lunch box, that shirt, an exclusive usb and an exclusive vinyl which is not shown there
we're twins!
Services divided: In the building, beyond the building and online. KCPL strategic plan.
You can have everything in life that you want if you will just help enough other people to get what they want. - Zig Ziglar
- Attracting drivers who lack their own parking would require ubiquitous charging stations which I think is a non starter.
I can't find my summer skirts. They might be in storage. But then it's not summer yet?!?
Awesome hanging with you and team at the A&E party. Lots of luck with Journey to Planet X.
Please, on a day like this especially... do not let the disgusting negativity out there effect you!
you must run off oil cause you have alotta miles on that ass!
“: Watching "the weight of the nation" on HBO. 2/3 of the US are obese or overweight” Tragic!
Ready to #party!
Closed for bad weather..... Sorry Try to open at 6 pm ciao
Happy Friday! Its the weekend baby!
i am gone in the head.
At the #tbbmore event.
When you are at work and cant watch the Ranger game, Diamond Tweet from is a necessity.
no I don't need to, I've got you.
Id die for ashli mariah wilkey my bestfriend at age 9 my partner in crime/ride or die at 14 my momma bear at age 19.
I spy the Osprey in the lightening-struck pine. She watches the catfish pond, while the black Egret hunts the shoreline.
commercials always make me want to dance and wear skin tight leggings. Then I try them on.
Hello #SAG members! Remember to cast your #SAGawards votes by noon Friday Jan 27! My birthday coincidentally ;)
Aforementioned #tcamp12 panel has impeccable pedigree but don't want to get bogged down in old proprietary software debate. #FLOSS = optimal
Packers are going to make it. I can't speak for specific players though. hahaha.
Shortwave Society fucking killed it at South by Southwest! www.shortwavesociety.com
Man I can't wait till football season
where's my crabcake??
NOTHING READING AN LISTEN TO BTR WBU
We just received our first shipment of Chilean Malbec fruit! Let the Spring Crush begin!
Homeland has 2 golden globes so far!! One of the best shows on TV
i just bought harry potter tickets.
Exclusive makeup giveaway with A-List products is in the works. Stay tuned for details!
Just found out both of my sisters are on twitter. I'll let you know if either of them ever start tweeting. Go back to your normal lives.
lol no she wanted to come home wit us but my mom told her no
not really hahah
OH: "This is like the X-Games of child-rearing." <-- what does that even mean!? Babies doing a bs lipslide varial heel out?
I am movin' and groovin'.... That is, when I'm not sleep-walkin'! Lol
Just discovered that my Pro Club membership (fancy MS-sponsored gym) is still active, 2 months after I left... nice!
thanks bro, congrats to you as well!
Celebrating the history of drink in India
thanks for stopping in Mason. Had fun doing your podcast with today!
I am happy and free!!!!
OMG TIX first row behind catcher #Brewers spring training...I cant wait!
is an IDIOT(:
Thanks for the Rts and mentions!
No problem, great work on the video.
GROUNDHOG DAY: The movie was filmed in Woodstock, IL where Orson Welles attended the Todd School & put on plays with help of M. MacLiammóir
come in social change agent I am sure you gots ideas
Glad I turned it off!
new updates & entries coming this week. sorry it's been so long. this year we are going to be having more regularly added content. promise.
; sometimes a lil' PDA is cute. but, that 50 years old couple romping in the dollar store?
really digging class being taught by librarian about searching dbs and search engines; she's using social networking as a topic
Man. I told those guys I could fill in for Sweeney if needed. I got dimples.
Phone back.!! Sup. Thanks for stealing it Trey
So, #oddneighbor is having a friend stay over and she's calling it a "pajama party". I bet there will be interesting conversations tonight
I miss #beingerica when is it going to be shone in the #USA, #Canada ?
And proud of it. No shame. RT We encourage oxford comma shaming at the (cc )
I would love to exchange info and see if we can develop a referral relationship. Email me at
Finna have movie night by myself
The Ladywife watching The Secret Life Of The American Teenager while we pack. I think she's punishing me.
Awkward moment when you send a dm to the wrong person xD
About body cleansing: "Quieting yourself down.. you may learn what has made you feel empty over the years." Mayleen Utzinger-Wheeler, MA, MD
kirstie would kill me
Think like a man of action and act like a man of thought. Henri Bergson
ya not really
MY NIGGA GOT SOME HEAT COMING FOR THE CITY
Thanks for the follow and for your leadership!
People who live in glass houses should not throw orgies
well, my day has totally gotten away from me....good thing it's quitin time!
If you love life, life will love you back. -Arthur Rubenstien
My day would get better if followed me :/ but i bet he won't :(
Just hit my head so hard while cooking that I'm not hungry anymore.
Just arrived in Lynchburg. Puck drops at eight vs. East Carolina.
beautiful day in NYC.
We cry every time we send these off to a hungry customer's stomach.
nigga paybaccs a bitch, n bitch you been livin on debt with me
thanks and i did
Sidney Poitier: "hope is more powerful than hate" in video at William Douglas dinner
In case you're all wondering, yes- I did get back on Twitter so that I could start building a deeper relationship with
Haha good I'll be looking for one:)!
I saw Molly Shannon today! Words can not express how much happy happy joy joy I felt. She was my teenage idol!! Funny and beautiful!
To: My Boyfriend :)
Yea .. Det. Stabler. I call him gay man cause hes gay. He can never recover from oz n my eyes lol RT lol wth lol
Thanks for all of the kind and encouraging responses, BTW. They're much appreciated. I'm optimistic and eager to start treatment. :-)
#FF Thanks new followers, spread the good word!!
Aw I understand! I'm sure you could come up with something. ;) Is there a certain thing she wears all the time?
Sean Lee too good
wow that rocks!
yay, me too! Let's do it again next Wednesday! :)
Ty for RT earlier, thought u might enjoy that! :)
favorite girl friends turns to crazy baby mothers.
Listening to lecturing on her book body and soul now.
Great! Thanks!
Pittsburgh. Oof! Unless you got to squeak in a Pirates game... Bummer is, I could've been home by car by now.
#thatawkardmomentwhen Jewish and Christian holidays are being celebrated in the same weekend and there's none for you
The #OSU vs #Kansas game will be epic #FinalFour #buckeyes... O-H
Just yelled out my hotel window, "It's my money and I need it NOW!"...nothing.
I also want to thank everyone from WT that sent me texts, tweets, emails and phone calls today. I'm very excited for this new opportunity.
Special thanks to JDL Digital Systems for supporting the Total Security Summit in NYC June 12th.
A smile is all i need to know you're for me.
Jesus is real and will save your soul!
The Windy City .
if reads this i might just passout until next week!!!! HAHAHA #daydreaming <3
Afternoon all how we all doing?
I am impressed by neither the fact that you don't signal nor that you cut in front of me, and no one else is either, asshole.
": Happy cinco de drinko everyone!" I wish :(( have a beergarita for me
Alpha UK Real Est Fd - Director/PDMR Shareholding
If you guys want a good time in Hollywood check out
Just came back from the parade but I am mad at my mom because we had to leave early because it was could But it was not thanks mom
Excuse our excitement. Check out our updates! www.clientrocket.com/rto
RT : Don't forget to hug your dog today! -enough said.
Go as far as you can see, and when you get there you will see farther. Orison Swett Marden
Ass Clown lol DC All Starz
I have to agree with you, great win Raul was clutch!
Great seeing you on set yesterday, !
Looking forward to it.
follow the hottest female rapper out rite now.................NO JOKE
Great people to follow on twitter Happy hump day!
But I'm not a rapper
Is there a such thing as a waste of time?
“: they make perfect sense” no bud, not at all....
Hell to the no, I just bathed, bitches. I am a rose among the thorns.
Are Mets fans really hiding themselves in lunch pails?
Twizzlers are the jealous younger brother of Red Vines.
Thank you so much for the Birthday shoutout!! xoxox
what up Mike? I got your email about the street team: about the posting from Pete Abrams but Im not at that stage yet.
Going to be a great week coming up!!! My cousins are back in town, Q&A on Tues night + I get to hear from some churches!
At the for the 3rd International Mountmakers Forum. Pretty darn delighted to be here!
Late night waffle house hashbrowns!
True story for this owner. RT : #FunFact - 80% of dog owners buy their dog a present for holidays and birthdays.
Wearing what I have on now to school tomoro. Fuck it
Done with all my finals. Mom called me out, I'm on summer break!!!
Apple should be ashamed of its customer service since Steve Jobs died!
Brought me his lunch :)
A snitch nigga that's the shit I don't like!
#FF , I'm always too shy to say hi to her. Ha follow her she's beautiful. :)
Headed to the Berkley Front.
A very kind offer!
Had a blast with my #cbj peeps! #wings lost and #flyers let the #pens feel a bit better going to game 6.
Lucky readers and lucky Brooklyn!
like i said i wouldnt say any thing mean in it cuz your youo to me as if that makes sence
on my last day in office I will sign an executive order raising your taxes whether you like it or not!! that's how!!
Victoria Justice is Adorable :)
Add me on skype Omoyele82 or a.soulless.nigga
You know your tired when your alarm becomes part of your dream!
.. power, money, success, vanity, beauty, fashion, freedom and the unexpected becoming expected....Sofia Fellini
You look so dumb right now.
Good luck!! Give it your all and remember to have fun!
The failures of Parra, Jeffress and Rogers don't help, but those things didn't come out of the blue. They had time to adjust.
They were found in the morning, in the desert, in Santa Fe County: a quietness; a car; a human being's body.
thanks!! I'll definitely keep you in mind :)
Good question. When I'm asleep?
get to sit around till 7:30 for this party. Bout to make some big easy $$. hopefully lol
Who decided blue raspberry was a thing? I've never seen a raspberry that's blue, and blue raspberry tastes nothing like a raspberry.
Your pics look gorgeous! Where in Spain? I'll be in Madrid, Sevilla, Granada, Ronda & Barca next month.
RT : No hables de los rayones de mi auto, es mi punto sensible :( //that is the mark of a hater. Cowards are who we live wit
i beleive so, my problem is that when the clip i want is done processing.. the program is doesn't respond.
Overwhelmed by all of the baby products on the market? Contact us and our baby planners can assist you with a custom registry.
heck! Both of them are.. Look at that gir.
Break a Bon-Bon tonight on your first preview!! Can't wait to see the show.
Avoiding Russian bribes WikiLeak rumors? RT Wh press sec Carney: President will NOT attend #APEC summit in Russia this fall.
YIPPEE YIPPEE YIPPEE GOT MY SHERLOCK ALBUM IN THE POST JUST NOW.. ☆*:.｡. o(≧▽≦)o .｡.:*☆
You don't judge the truth by a man, you judge a man by the truth!
didn't take the 4 dollar risk. I was hoping someone would let me know.
Shout out to You! RT?
Is there a website to watch MLB games?
