back to work_Ciao
--- you'd look fantastic in a TuesdayTee. Buy one, you rich bastard! We know that beet farm has you makin' bank.
“ Government bond, James Bond.”
back at you! Making me work for the words!
We are always running for the thrill of it
Got u
not all girls like football. Some of them ask questions about whats going on. Thats annoying.
thanks for the warm welcome, and the follow! We look forward to seeing you in May
Great workshop last night!
be kind: meet someone where they're at. The only thing you have to loose is your false perception of having separate interests from another
big test today wish me luck?
I want to fast forward through these years and onto the point where I have my own family and my career.
those cars are poop.. but, how much does dhe have to work with?
Yes. I got your text, email and tweet. RT : yo are you still doing the guest list for the mix?
Huge THANKS of BaileyHIll Media for agreeing to donate website development services to the Xstream Makeover!
Cherish everyday!
Minus the cabs making no sense here, might be hooked, such a pretty city knew it would happen!
What the fuck is up with these walks???
these fucktards are comparing Atletico's style to Chelsea..what the fuck is wrong with this world.
We arent doing much anyways :b
John was just told he didn't get a job with #KingSoopers. Gave him some BS line. I'm back to calling them King Stupids.
Ugh , school ._.
errors, embarrassing losses, horrible pitching- I hope we can all
wtf i was browsing scholastics old book order forms and they had everything i wanted ! Uglies, Maze Runner, and Shadow Children!
Ribbon cutting this morning at Florida Ave Park, 10am, 1st & FL NW, across the southern border from #BloomingdaleDC. Bring the kids
Jeeze they don't even have this much shit outside when #30Rock is filming lol
Am I ever going to sleep like a normal human #tired 💤💤
awesome! we want pics from the big show!
Why won't 87.7 work for me dammit!
“ “ Between Women QT : #TeamLesbian What's your favorite LGBT shows?””
gettin to work on time.lol you?
When you try your best but you don't succeed.
srsly stop what..
my pajamas have pockets, now i can hold things in my sleep! You jelly?? Hah
I think you certainly need to visit the campus. For professional development and whatnot.
Tweeting for today at New Horizons, a Glaucoma Research Fdn event
Shout Out to the people who been living in the hood all their life but didn't let the streets distract them or suck them in I
Thanks for the FB... Stay tuned for more details :)
Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time.
omg me and my little sisters kitten are really fighting right now! lol it keeps jumping onto the laptop right on top of my hands when typing
lmfao! Tends to happen to me also smh. Hope it's a fast trip home >_>
We're celebrating the #1 Gospel single n the country! 's 'Let the Church Say Amen' thank u 2 all radio announcers 4 the support
hmm will have to think but jcrew and club monaco offer 15 perc off with NYU card
thanks uncle Michael!!! Love you!!!
ROTFLMAO! Now I want Cheesecake Factory
At airport. Ahh I miss Midwest Airlines :(
Studied, organized room, clothes, school folders, hung out with my babes,
Follow my brother
YOU KNOW WE'RE GONNA BE ON #RHOA TONIGHT, RIGHT?? LAUNCH PARTY (when we were still Danae's Creations) HOT PINK CUPCAKE BATH BOMBS
yeah girl!
i'm working to get my first book out and then i'll climb the the stardom to be a star
Tallahasee mall...where the cute guys with diamond studds stare at you while you chow down on subway.... haha
#SignsThatYouUgly when you only got 2 facebook pics and none of them pics are you lol
A Team that can't win without Koivu is no playoff Team! 1st in Dec, now 9th; with three Teams at our heels. Depressing...
Day 2 at Silverdale & my 5yo is convinced the kids zone is a new "all-recess all the time" school. And he calls it the "A" vs."Y".
no doubt, it is everyone's problem
Snoop Dogg should walk around in public with an umbrella. Fo' drizzle.
Eyes all sticky like honey on bees look lookin how they look at me
Who's seen the ads for Easy Trip...."If its not EASY, its not CONVENIENT" Who the hell came up with this?
u one of da hottest chick I follow! Cute face slim waist ass so phat baby u all that holla back....... DAMN!!!!!!!!!
The Bible is the Wikipedia of (whenever that shit was written by a million dudes who wrote what they wanted that day)
burned 413 calories doing 41 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
that so beautiful
It's Thursday! Fam from NC coming in, getting my hair done tonight, celebrating my G'ma's 75th birthday... good stuff!
haha yeah i realized that right after i sent the update because i was already following u an i saw the winners posted
What fn morons are still driving Hummers these days??
I like when you call me Chris: It humanizes me.
oh get out of town. Next thing ur going to say is ur not stressed, you actually get to eat lunch at a restaurant....whatever!:)
Schreder or however you spell it
TWITTER DRAMA!!!!
Aubrey is eating her cereal with a fork.
Long ass day. 8 hrs of wrk, birthday in encinetas, birthday in downtown and lastly birthday in pb. Dead exhausted.
Eattin dinner with the family cuz its my mommas. B-Day
When it comes to the pinch, human beings are heroic
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 23
Idk if this lady think she cute cause she look foul .
#IThankGod for #forgiving me of all my sins. People, you need to think about that! God loves us that much! #thankyouJesus John 3:16
I can never seem to put into words the way I feel.
well u could if u follow !”)
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether nobody i dont believe in love anymore
Looking forward to the next celebration of awesomeness with 's album!!!
Leaving for JAMAICA!!!
of course! hmu anytime :)
That's 17k tweets.
@ RansfordAsare have got something important to tell ya
ha thats good logic but i think dylan just didnt care to say bye.
Try a Water Buffalo Sausage! Also Double Chocolate Brownies w Mexican Chocolate
I absolutely need a drink right now
Is this the period of the year for the Boston Bruins? 6-3 now...5-1 they are outscoring the Lightning in the 2nd.
has ever reviewed the $15 Oxford reference apps? Etymology, literary terms etc. for ios
Light a candle, it's a scandal.
agreed! Wow!
tee hee...i LOVES you
lol true. Drink up!
Yeah baby!
good times, next time well pick a better spot!
willing to bet not a single one of you won a damn thing.
I want to try to stay away from spoilers for House and Grey's Anatomy...
YES! We are! They are a huge inspiration for our music
You are welcome... Thank U for your business!
cleaning up after an Arab party at your house.
imma drop this new track next weekend i guess
First song of the second cycle of "The 365.52.12 Project," now called "DaysMonthsWeeks" instead, will be posted on April 1st. No joke!
See you later!
same here!
Prince English and Spanish Check can u spell I love Kimmi .. my phone 1-973-756-2288 idk how to answer so PLZ just text!!
looks like a caliber
Have been working on designs recently...
Thanks Ben!! Adidas is the way to go. :)
GREAT leaders ask what others think and aspire to be the dumbest person in the room. HUMILITY AND WILL
im short but my hearts huge
what is the name of that adventure time song?
And on the endorsements of and
We have some great news to share later this week...stay tuned!
bo cancers are awesome!
did you cry?
Seen this scene b4. No wonder iLay in bed & hold me head smh
love klatch, highly recommend it
I will say I had to pick my Jaw off the floor by the end. Great summer finale. I can't wait for it to start up again.
Ostrich eggs are about the size of 20 chicken eggs!
You Smile, I Smile <3 <3
#CountryIsBetterThanRap because country music videos are so much better than rap.
Yes! RT I look forward to 's next release of that will include users/influencers 4 each museum
#WOW all the Kings of Comedy r Game Show Hosts..#wth all u need is DL Hugely hosting Jeopardy & we're set!
I think tribute bands cover one artist only, trying to replicate seeing that band.
-_- of course he picks Finland. Nyet, Russia going to win.
Number 2: Her support shield, she got to be that Michelle Obama. Must support me on everything I do.
Haha. Surely that's the Sudafed & NyQuil talking. Or, should ask, how's that fever, god-man?
What's up twitter
Observation: The words "suddenly and unexpectedly" almost never appear after something good.
Thanks to #socialfresh the jet blue and America's test kitchen non-optimized mobile sites and emails now look super annoying
hope you're feeling better, kimon. you, too, miriam. I heard you were a little under the weather on sat.
“: pretty busy wednesday ahead of me.. all good tho, im feelin right” get it lil bro.
Every time I have something nice, you make me feel like shit.
Are you kidding me? Its snowing!
yes! Here we go! This will be an amazing day! Is going?
My doggy has to have surgery again.. :( The hardware that they put in her leg broke! So sad for her....
there any where to get season one and everyone hates Connor ? Can't find them any where.
AH. Playing Final Fantasy 1 on NES with sound down, listening to Brewers/Royals. All the windows open, 78 degrees. Life is GOD.
they could just put tiny yarmulkes on them and they'd be good to go!
there are a few of us deviants in LA still who think nothing of walking a mile...
“Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.”⁰ — Samuel Johnson
Thx hopefully one day! RT love you guys so much! Can you open a d'lish in San Francisco?? Sad to be leaving
When Cameo sets the place off though...
I had no idea that you can donate books to local libraries! Thanks
When your pen runs out: 5% calmly gets up and gets a new one, 95% SCRIBBLE SCRIBBLE SCRIBBLE
This is all it takes to lose up to 20lbs in 1 month. 1 person got started on the Skinny Body Challenge Today. My goal is to help 4 more...
WANT YOU TO LOVE ME LIKE ITS OUR LAST DAY BABY LOVE ME LIKE ITS OUR LAST DAY GIRL.... LOVE ME LIKE ITS THE END OF THE WORLD NA NA NA NA NA
About to head to bed.
Lol lol my BOYFRIEND LOVE ME.... -G.Kirkland)
You doing your thang Girl that wassup...
Feeling great after a restful weekend! Miles and quintet are helping me kick off the morning.
Custom widgets in Desire2Learn are boss.
www.kingoffitteds.com......
Carry On; Fun. <3
6 miles later, the new kicks felt like I was running on clouds...
I'll partake in that test!
have the browns ever given hilllis 33 carries in a game just wonder not tring to stir the pot
he's in your head, Kate !
The person who designs the unboxing experience for iPhone, iPad and MacBook is NOT the same person who does the accessories.
Stone/Barber wedding today! Congrats and Dana
Las Vegas!!! Reinventing itself? Could this be the place where spirituality and Sin come together??? (Check back to find out)
Right now your doing this :o and I need you to do this :]
Today is the LAST DAY to register to canvass with Planned Parenthood on Sunday in #Fairmont. Email for more info.
100% agree. .. dem want mi and u fi run Jamaica. ...di place woulda nice! :-) lol
Way to go! : Lisa Firestone represents WIPP at White House "Champions of Change" Program
omg pink u back? I thought u left YouTube and twitter world forever! I feel like I've been living under a rock so glad ur back!
Rabbit Rabbit! (Not the first thing I said, but the first thing I tweeted. Still count for good luck?)
ur welcome blessings :)
good luck Kappa! From one of your favorite Omicrons... Aka me...
Tis the season to be jolly fa la lla la la la la la la don we now our gay apparel fa lala la la la la la la Merry Christmas
Yeah, it's a lot different. They have 10 players on their roster they drafted, I'm not sure how that compares to other teams.
I imagine its difficult to write properly when you're hugging a keyboard and muttering "I'm a good journalist..." over, & o
Since you think that it's ok for you to smoke in my face, I'll surely fart in yours jackass.
RT : Q3) Social allows more sharing, more relationships, more context.
#robart crossed legs creates feel of unbalance. Pretty good eye contact. LIked big extended arm gestures.
Can't wait Dee! So proud to see you on the grind and always on the up & up! Go get it mama
Gonna go to sleep early today because I have to wake up early tomorrow. Probably at 10:00, thats early enough. Right?
Most advisory neighborhood commissioners in DC get more votes than Rick Perry did in the
Either really old...or really young. Man times have changed.
Get in touch with
Happy Easter to you too! Hope the Easter" lapin" has brought you "beaucoup chocolat" :)
Also very excited to see "The Dictator" this week! The advance reviews have been positive which is a relief considering the bad trailers.
One question I have to ask is why do Rs attack unions that aren't even in most states? VA teachers are not unionized.
exactly, its not even fair to say anything harmful like that. i joke around and never seriously wish hurtful things on anyone
if I could like your tweet I would, but I can't because twitter doesn't do that
love this!
Camera Fun Time: the Quick Draw. Practice how fast it takes you to get a shot off. Use the phone that's with you the most. Goal: 5 seconds!
I am lookin for female dancers thats willing to travel and love attention n don't mind having safe fun contact me at @ g-mail fire904
very cool! : Do a self-guided tour with a borrowed iPad and QR codes from the Free Library of Philly.
forget about it troy..it's over
just playing NYC, where I'll be that week. But it's a ticket APOCALYPSE.
Irresponsible parent! Put a seatbelt on your child! Also, Busch?
Aw, Dan thinks I'm a social media influencer! RT : #FF Social Media Influencers:
Excited for girls weekend and Launch!!
ah... I say it's high time we that we meet half way... It's only neighborly... Track 7? Next weekend?
Finding great solace in simply weeding at Ronald McDonald House this afternoon.
Did you get a job with the people I referred you to? And where are you moving?
That's awesome! Congrats!
Come tailgate with the surge squad before the game! East lot across from Verizon gate.
Totally. And I own it. RT : Same here... RT if you are a
you know what it's 30 days? Yea that's right a week before I get out of school
Change starts at the moment of pain and moment of need. True for orgs, economies, and nations
ugh so tired.
Thanks Jeremy!
Car being towed < car being towed during finals week <<<
I was caught off guard! At least the fare was free. Metro card thingie is broken.
Just in case : )
lets not forget the sorest loser Jeff! DANI & KALIA just voted for their teammate!
haha yes. Looks like bobby knight and the lisp guy are doin em
#YEE Listening To To Hear You (;
looking forward to seeing your tweets from in March!
Pine tree sex all over my car. Hello, spring.
Deanna's good, but I don't know about Sean. He's never home. Well I never see him. :/
The costumes look great!
When there's room in a tweet add #finecraft + it will reach more people. Just a thought...
car is packed and loaded & I'm homebound! summer 2012 begins officially!
What do you think about your husband's laptop? What makes it useful or not so much?
I always understood the bible is up for you own interpretation, but the more I read it, the more I realize that is very wrong. It's blatant.
Never a dull moment... yep, that's right. Love me some Rod Stewart #cleaningkitchen&jammin
not tired, god damn
I can't wait too meet you either Vic. RT : I can't wait to meet Scarlett at Warped Tour!
Babies are so cute when they sneeze
look at us. I mean creating #LLVL is #LLVL. We are trendsetters:)
I'm finally cleaning out my followers list. I know, I know, Bad Penny!
this is so true!
Come on Jordan Jefferson..the whole team is giving up...we got 8 min..do they even watch the Saints?
Please follow our cause Dan we would love to have you on board.
The-One-With-Child has discovered non-alcoholic beer. Now we just have to find wine and sushi substitutes and all will be right.
RT : AMAZING video in our story of passengers using the emergency slides to get off a plane at TIA.
Drop hightower and pick up hardesty and start him for sure
Using the Bible to try to justify your hatred and ignorance is simple-minded.
he had 6 misses of century! And what did Joe have to put out to get a 52" plasma?
Afternoon family, chilling enjoying my sunday..then it back to school for me. Is it me or is the year going by real fast..
And soon you're my age!
Here we go with the sleeping issues
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape one hundred days of sorrow.
do you guys have an archive of last night's 1st Wednesday service?
When is your birthday?!? Mine is June 2!?(:
What you gonna put in all those stacks?
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.
He's just straight gushing blood. And no, I DO NOT have to feel for Doan.
Looking for curb appeal on your new listing ?Call Mr.D's painting.A fresh coat of paint WILL catch some bodies eye before you can say SOLD !
My question is how does he stay so skinny
"Our goalie is a head case therefore we have no chance at winning the cup. Let's just quit and hurt people" -The Flyers
can you please follow back...... Please?<33 I will be your bestfriend(: & I will love you forever<33 :D
It has been working, going to continue once a week.
Wish I could be there for this screening. I am looking forward to seeing the film.
thanks for the tweet. You'll be getting an invite soon.
thanks so much for joining us :) a nice crowd throughout the day.
RIP Junior Seau
Happy Thanksgiving. Are you going to be on the Team for London? Your awesome. I Hope You win Gold. :)
Dis Shit Gne B On My Mind All Night!
Sleeper pick: LHP Grayson Garvin will join teammate Sonny Gray in 1st round and Vandy goes to Omaha in 2011..
thanks for the VIA... really got us coding this morning!
Boston Restaurant Week ENTREES!
Agree! > says flying coach on is like flying 1st class on any other airline. Yes he still flies coach
whoop whoop.
Happy birthday to the best pg in the state of NY
Spaghetti legged
Appreciate those who love you. Help those who need you. Forgive those who hurt you. Forget those who leave you.
Photoshoot for all the new Night Owl clothes tomorrow! Woohoo!
Going with & 2 go get their bellybuttons pierced..... I want 1 !):
No Jabberwocky for Kitty
Off work kinda tired but feelin good
i'm not a bot... Identify yourselves if you're not a bot. We want to follow you back!!! For realsie ~
#artsummit Ciudad Juarez, how to create new narratives in same social space?
I can't tho
what a great idea - here we come
Guinness World Records is acknowledging a 44-year-old Hawaii pro surfer for catching a 78-foot wave off the coast of Portugal
Please teach my Prof. that marketing is a PROCESS of which advertising is part of, they are NOT the same thing!
no one did I am just being funny - u my girl
k I got it!
Before you give up, think of the reason why you held on so long.
Liquid Peace Revolution wins New Orleans round of Hard Rock Cafe&#39;s battle of the bands
Somebody tweet me! I'm bored! :P
I understand. My daughter as sr year could not get up. asked her what would she do in college, she said get a wake up call? smh
I am maried ya kno jus cuz i aint always happy with my hubby dont mean i fuk off on him
How did the Charlotte Bobcats not make the playoffs? They looked solid all year.
Feeling a lil optimistic about tonight I'm already in a bitchy mood but let me put on my happy face like I always do!
Got a couple followers but ain't nobody hearin me... SMDH
White Girls >>
How can these grown women let other women talk to them crazy on
I am thinking about getting a 1998 Fiat Multipla for a new car!
Sorry. I'm speaking at a business mtg in Woodland Park
getting some rest, tomorrow should be good!
can definitely do that!
carmel corn in the sun <<<
The Pearl Hotel
RT Where live on from inside yall come out!!!
Off to L,M,N,O streets and 10th-ish for a night on the town :)
nice tattoo hella gay but nice tattoo.. love the show shout out the 559
We need fire extinguishers for Emergency Kinship Support. Please let us know if you/your church/group can help.
the #brewers should go on the stand-up circuit. I'd laugh.
what do you mean then.
“: My prediction for tonight's BCS game: Alabama 3, LSU 0 in double OT”. SEC football ...it's not fan-tastic. Z
loved your review of Derby bar!
Free period in geometry (y)
AGREED! :D
you better! Can I bring Grumpster to the pub too? He's part of the family now.
nope. Pay wall. I can email. (thought I did...)
Just went to visit my kids father. Hard to find words to express how sorry I am for his loss.
Vocal inflection
better watch out for Andy Dalton n AJ!!
I snapped a few last nite I am going to upload pics soon I promise!
Yaaay, just bought a cute as dress from asos and it was half price!
Thank you!
That's it. I need to get there.
Such a pretty day!
The general will and common good of the people cannot be accurately defined without a proper education of and in the truth
OMG almost forgot to take off my heels b4 seeing my podiatrist. Don't want to get another lecture! Glad I keep a pair of mocasins in the car
They say love is like a bar of soap. Why? Because once you think you got it, it slips away..
Nah. We don't need Sean Marshall. Or cashner.
Thank you so much to everyone who came to a show and saw us on tour! We'll be going back into studio very soon! Who wants new music?! ;)
you're beautiful. I don't care what the media says, you're awesome!
We are just announcing the date, the live chat isn't tonight!
The 4 common sense proposals was a very interesting article! Thanks for the post!
With a lot of success, Comes a lot of negativity.
Out of all my years did anyone ever shit together in the 2 toliet stall?
We might be biased but we feel like we're the best in Nashville! Stop in and see us or go to kustomthrills.com :)
Hey there! I'm here to aid the careers of talented indie artists and get them the exposure they deserve.
ya I brought 6 pairs
Saturday holy smokes! So surreal- we have to all sit together!!!
Going to niosa Thursday and Friday, hell yeah \^.^/
Wilson Phillips just came on the radio!!!!!
I get around!
Hot Cheetos and mayo put together. M :)
RSRA reports are a great way to research a property before performing a Phase I. We offer them to you using knowledgable environmental pros!
Five things to watch for in Illinois: 1. Can Mitt break 50? 2. How big does Romney win "The Collar Counties."
Looking for a way to beg my mom to take me to New york...Dang greyson you're killin me!
Cajuns pull off the double steal to score Murphy and extend ULL's lead to 9-0.
I hate seeing females with a million niggas tatted on her
I'll send a tweet when I post it this evening.
Love to see the #nonprofit support on
Thanks for following (:
Poised Creation is wrapping some great projects that will benefit our artists in the near future!
Just saw it...yea it went to spam. Glad to connect with you!
OMG 7 days to my B-day
WOW U Just Got In High School... SMDH
Great Morning. Be my friend on Facebook. :-)
Will definitely be there! RT: Instead of our semi annual Sample Sale, we will be participating in this wkend!
Bleh! I always do that! Haha sorry
I wish there was a faster way to execute an intentional walk in baseball
Hi Natalie! What neighborhoods are you looking for apartments in? Near DePaul? We're free & would love to help! :)
we have power...no candles tomorrow ;)
my friend and I were at the PNC show on Aug. 5th. She caught all your solos on video. I just wanted to say that you sir = amazing.
As soon as I got salad I spent it all on dressing.
RT Agree: YouTube is a gift to dance; it's a powerful tool & non-dance world is starting to get the power of dance via video
Hey what's your thoughts on vs ?
im usually hard to hold on too
I have CNNS phone number where you can leave a comment or story suggestion: 404-827-1500. I suggested a story on why the media is corrupt!
Weeks is having one of the worst starts of his career...with Fielder gone, him and Ramirez need to figure it out.
“ ugh I hate her too”/ A lil ghetto riot.
(oops) Are you in for #edcampCincy this year? October 15th!
RT : Harvard Study says tweeting and Facebook release hormones similar to having sex! Feel free to tweet me. Multiple times
Hey! Are there any more bday packages left for tonight?
All da systems fukd up at wrk so its stupid slow..
By the way, do you have my bongos?
So there's this boy and like I really like him. & i don't know what to do about it, lol.
Yes it is, but any day I can ride is just as beautiful...
Ah, such sentiments of post-vacay energy warm the cockles of an editor's heart ...
you're gonna go see your girlyfriend today?! ;)
Easter plans ? wait what ? Easter is a pain ? lmfao
Fuck it just about to watch porn & beat my meat ^_^
Really? A gay slur? would be so proud..
Unsigned. International. Status.
Great to see that our past NAGGL contacts will be attending the conference this year.
#99conf fashion bingo card also includes: iPads, raw denim, crossbody bags.
thanks boo im fina dm you the number
At the Graduate Flash session room 201AB. Smart folks! presents his work soon, you've gotta get up here
lol Bob your name rhymes with Job ;D
Stress is a huge factor in weight gain...and disease. Emotional/mental factors are just as important as exercise & diet.
i made you check your messages for no reason at all because this is a very point less tweet just for you (:
Imma go 2 bed night night sweet dreams love you sis peace out Bmore !!!
“: And the Lakers will play the Thunder on Monday” GAME TIME!!
Can I get a follow
Booty Calls? Really?
My cat, and my asthma are driving me crazy!
ATTN: all unsigned dancers,singers,rappers join our #Team send an email if you're TALENTED "WE GOT WORK!"
If that was my mustang in that wreck I would be pissed
America was not built on the labors of cynics nor critics- Col Steve Russell
awesome, glad your swim did the trick! Now, will you be playing with the puppies later?....
Cut the bullshit out... I'm effin with the scissors. Life is a choice and death is a decision.
There goes my baby!
sounds awesome I will check it out
Im mad af right now. Lemme hit this kush. Imma cough up a lung since im still sick but I need some fuckit in my system right now
social media networks, WordPress, business, etc. #shehechat you should stop by tonight!
Great Weekend at El Pastor. Red Bulls Fans energized Saturday and the Fado delighted everyone on Friday. Happy Birthday Gloria de Mello!
very welcome.
“: Why don't you shut the fuck up before I knock out all your teeth” hahaha
7 miles + speed work getting ready 4 only 6 weeks from Sat. Who's ready ?
What are you up to Mr.?
Man these bitches tht wrk at McDonald's can't do thy job! I was the shit whn I worked here broke all the records taking orders in drive thru
Life is much more enriching when surrounded by other perspectives. I'm wiser, more observant & compassionate, happier.
Love the moment, and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.
Thats the same line I use to pick up guys.
It's officially in my calendar as the "Gotter bday party extravaganza"
VS's new scent Love Spell Blush>>>
Never understood rationale behind that timing. RT: Every cab in NYC seemingly off duty. Must be rush hour! Cc
Can somebody tell me again why using social media is a good thing?
Ciao belli pick up the phone and call for pick up . We will be open at 7 ....keeping an eye on the weather ..ciao
? there's plenty of minimal techno in seattle, both in terms of shows and in terms of producers
Thanks for the shout out! re:
Send Flowers to ya #Workplace!, like its yo birthday !! Just to just to put a smile on ya face!
Drown me in your love...
Fun to look at, and funner to eat!!!
Stand on your own. I'm not saying the Saints shouldn't be punished, but this is over the top.
HEY SOUL SISTER. AIN'T THAT MISTER, MISTER.
Done! MT : Plz RT & help twitter feed reach 1,000 followers! Giving away Dragons & prize packs!
Remove digital media and us startups are down 23%.
Someone should study the effect of NOT writing on writers. I swear if I don't write I get insomnia. Anyone else?
About to have an emotional breakdown and killed everyone in the state of Wisconsin. WHERE IS THE MEDICINE?
Yes! Admin lunch with
I donno if anyone else noticed, but, unicorns are horses with hard dicks on their heads! :/
Dallas ramada! We are finally here!
Big game for WSU this Saturday vs. the Huskies. Should be a good one. #GoCougs!
RT : "I'm sexy and I know it." No bitch, "You're ugly and you show it."/// lol
follow me kidd:)
johnnies sister got hit by car tonight.
Friends....don't let your friends tweet while tipsy.
Tornadoes are like terrorists. This is exhausting. Why are tornadoes attacking america?
hey we kept up with the other team! and we made it just as far as you guys! But yes we suck...
hey Alex, thanks for the follow. Stay tuned, we are making great music
It's ok
i know! especially in black & white!! i can't imagine French New Wave films without those scenes.
omg mka? Where when? Where do I have to fly? - playing to w1n
Happy 175th birthday, #Michigan! Great lakes, great times.
asthma help
Trigger, pulled. :)
Wheres the pic of you and Bieber?!
don't do my tweet fucker!!
reading this made me cry, u actually made me think differently about things, love u :)
giving guys the wrong number when they ask for your number LOL
McIntire's grandson is struck by how history is edited.
Thanks for getting back to me. Sorry to bother u but Ive tried everything frm waxing to chemical hair removers and I
Enjoyment, engagement and success is what 21sters genealogist want says Wichter @
#Shoutout to all of our new #followers! Don't be shy, say hi.
Basically you have to suppress your own ambitions in order to be who you need to be.
go wake up and get movin'!!!
RT : She's here! My goddess- ! I'd marry her if it was legal.
"There may be no greater tribute to Steve’s success than the fact that much of the world learned of his passing on a device he invented."
W.brandguyblog.com #audi has the lead
Your guy??
Reminds me of UK riots in a way. Hopefully it doesn't spread
Had a great time at First Thursday tonight! Thanks for stopping by!
new spokes"person" for Double Mint Gum?
Last paper of the semester? Submitted. #Done! Time to do laundry...
I LOVE your dedication to your children. I LOVE YOUR ENERGY EVEN MORE!
Maybe watching Drive for the second time will be better lol
OKC. we have the depth to really get into them. Dallas got a swagger to them now plus they are underdogs..
I've got one little friend who came in with a serious shiner today. He says he got hit by a rock. Poor little guy.
Saw it and saw you jump too! LOL
hagerup chocked on his 2 attempts. Hasn't been the same punter as he was last year
the track is old now dame son I see where I rate homie can't save an email neither dame lol jk
Cishek will now try to save his own win; sadly, he would only get credit for the W...
Yep. It was great! Can't wait for next Saturday.
happy birthday! U share your birthday with a pretty awesome lady, my mom.
Welcome to Twitter! (Historian and director of a digital humanities lab at University of North Texas).
So fed up. Not with anyone but myself. I just keep telling myself it is all your fault.
right? You'll understand then why I did stop to talk.
because.....no
hahaha you are so gracious! Thanks man, appreciate the love!
yeah, i'm thinking August, that way I have to motivate myself to shed a few pounds, lol
if he gets 10mil a year he better take it. One more good contract left. Invest Invest Invest!!!!
Love a #nude discount vacation 4 nights $399 visit us
1 billion smartphones in 2012. This will be the "first screen" for kids growing up today.
Always be lookin fresh
If it's not sold out, I might be able to.
You're obviously the reason why it didn't work out with anyone else. :)
Friends are the siblings God forgot to give us.
I Need My Nails Redone !!
Thank you for celebrating Easter at Balsan--come back anytime.
I think we are lost...
“: Today's the inaugural Mark the occasion." Sounds like something for you
Happy Airline employees! youtu.be/K89UzRdeBNg Delta Employees Flash Mob Across The U.S.
My stud gov interview sucked.
There's a surprise on your door knob :) its a thank you for being one of my seniors,
Happy Birthday to it's her 16th show her some love!!!
Oh, #Apple. Was it hubris? In surpassing Microsoft, you also seem to have followed them in over-reaching for the next big thing.
I'm watching the Hellboy cartoons. They're the bee's knees.
lmao at struggle cake! I miss you too woman!
got a mobile link guey?
Got to meet and tonight :) I had such a great time!
Light @ the end of the tunnel. Exhaustion @ the end of the week. Signing the last 1040s today! Been hellish the last two weeks. Almost done!
Philly weird = Kentucky Incredible
Facebook = You realize how different you are from people. Twitter = You realize there are people who know exactly how you feel.
DM for a feature >>> need u for a hook >> let me know yo price
Spending the day with Don Soderquist, former Vice Chairman & COO Walmart. Thankful for the opportunity!
Morning geek discussion: Star Trek cons, Sir Patrick Stewart, and Brent Spiner.
For sure. April best.
Thanks for a great presentation!
119 seconds. (the appropriate time delay between pouring and drinking a Guiness)
I definitely am! Giants peaked like Packers did last year. It's all in timing!!
EBSCO on The Hispanic Historical Collection
the officer said no note was found
I prefer to get what I need and head home to the family and get the photos published
Ahaha you getting them cool points!
#LOVE ! Indian food is my fave!
finally finished the Philippines Mall Tours, Mall of Asia was to crazy. Onto the concert!! -JetLi
WAT DOES A GIRL HAVE TO DO ON TWITTER TO GET to follow her............. RT or reply for any tips
Heading to Tonight for the Event! Along with many more events
My grandma lost her pants and is singing The Beatles. Drunk? apparently so..
thinks his residency is settled, but what do Floridians think of a Congressman who rarely visits his FL condo?
It's been 3 years since the guy i thought I was going to spend the rest of my life with part from me, & even though I let go
It's a harsh reality when you realize that you can't please everyone.
Fact:Copper is the standard benchmark for electrical conductivity. It conducts electrical current better than any other metal except silver.
pshhh i wish!!! i have i wake up early tomorrow fml /:
Giving a phatty is like giving rondo a jump shot it won't be fair
Anyone here who wanna chat via Skype ? :D
Had a great time at the Viper last night! Thanks everyone!
I was thinking the same thing. Blast from the past for sure!
Na mate he's just in shorts and t-shirt now lol
: I may have to resort to that. Say hi to the sheep.
All articles+websites were also reviewed qualitatively to spot outliers & to make sure #s were reflective of actual content.
I saw a look a like of you at Starbucks tonight.
Heading back up to Capitol Hill today and tomorrow to talk about the importance of early detection of
is this making fun of Cole's nose or something
Pretty pissed off right now
I know right. I am too, but no matter what I'll keep myself in check because of his age. I respect that.
I agree, They've just abused some infrequently played songs.
Why would you miss the ones who diss you and diss the ones who miss you?
aww... cute office! And happy bday!
OMG you scared me I thought you ment you and !!!!
Georgetown shooting 13% from field. Not going to win many games shooting so bad. Have to step it up in 2nd half.
#1 option trading system.
Hope everyone is enjoying the weekend. We're 50 minutes away from announcing the first winner of a free race entry, can't wait!
Uh yeah you real weird....
Everyday on my grind
I watch you spin around in your highest heels, you are the best one of the best ones. We all look like we feel. You have stolen my heart.
I love meeting/talking to new people that I have a lot in common with :)
Testing, debugging, tuning interactive parameters, rehearsing, and resisting the temptation to refactor. And... maybe a bit of rocking out.
If a guy tells you he's different, he is just like all the others. If he really is different. He'll show you, not tell you.
that's amazing. I want one!
Excited for #tedxlansing to start!
Not exactly sure of the specific person you're trying to target but I would do searches for ppl trying to increase their klout
it's knowing where & to whom to sell to of course
Will be watching from the US. It's 6 a.m. here on the east coast!
Immigration and Customs are busting a house next to our practice spot. Over a dozen cops in bullet proof vests! 👨👢👮
Happy birthday, ! Hope you're having a great day!
Thinking about how friends can consider them such when no purposeful effort is shown towards the relationship. Hello!?
I freaking love
Your house needs Jesus... 🙏
WORDS HURT!
Hey Twitter! We can't wait to provide Louisville with more new and great music! Follow us in our journey to revolutionize music!
Overheard: A:"once they start talking about organic and cage free and all that shit, BEWARE.". B:"oh my God they all have small penises."
Happy New Year! In 2010, our users crawled 12.75 billion URLs and processed 118 CPU-years!!
Excited to have you at our chapter mtg! RT Excited about giving a talk about worldbuilding tomorrow to #EVA in Azuza, CA!
smack thompson 'bout 2 lay down 2nd set 's in boulder...played some new and some classics i.e. jerry and simon garfunk...$1 cvr.
"...make more #friends in two months becoming interested in other people than trying to get #people #interested in #You!” #DaleCarnegie,
I am not. I am pretty certain I need to buy new shoes before I am ready for #AWP. And boots.
Heard Kubo Cafe is very good (butter ramen!) dinner only. SOMA is also supposed to have good ramen!
GMT International has acquired Quick Fleet Trucking. We are looking to get to $1,000,000.00 in next 12 months
"Raisins are zombie grapes" -
Lets pace ourselves.
Do u think there celebrating in Times Square now lol!
Met a bulldog on the way to work this morning. It's going to be a good day.
Haha not at all I do it all the time
Youk will be taking at bats tonight?!
"Increasingly, the world around us looks as if we hated it. "
#ThingsThatBotherMe loud laughs -.-
Today's Los Angeles weather dictates a playlist full of
Wow my aunt alice just used SMH
whenever you'd like!
CH.9 LWOP in AL is higher than the federal percentage of 2.2
i feel like a part of the Yankees. I once controlled a Johnny Damon hot streak. Picked him up and he went cold. Im magic.
carmel eifs companies, indiana stucco repair, indiana eifs repair, indiana stucco repair, indianapolis dryvit contractors, indianapolis eifs
You will never know how much it has cost my generation to preserve your freedom. I hope you will make good use of it. ~ John Q Adams
RT : are there any places that cast babies?
me to
- A Gulen Cosmos Harmony Charter School opened 2011 N Austin teaching K-8 political science and communications
lol now i don;t know what to say .:P missu ;s ♥♥♥
So many Mittsteps/Mittstakes, so little time.
This wknd: African Queen at Old Redford Theater, Dally in the Alley, KISS concert, Old Car Fest at #GV. Crazy range of fun in Detroit!
The time is now....
#KerryWood = Todd Van Poppel. Both were supposed to = Ryan & Clemens. #Natinals enjoy Strasburg could end any time.
100% man over here =own house 20% -make money 20% -take care of kids 20% - protect mine 20% real nuccas 20%
See! Name of the Wind is TOTALLY "Harry Potter but awesomer!"
how can you still be in business when you are hijacking domain names and ignoring emails and requests to provide an EPP code
There are no words. They go crazy at sounds. We freak out furry critters are going to invade while mama coon trots across roof.
(Yet another of my minor obsessions! Bookmarking now. Thanks!)
I have just created a new list titled 'Global Classroom' using TweetDeck, follow it here: /global-Classroom
Just randomly received two packs of tripple blade razors for free. Is god saying he doesn't like my beard?
Now that I am adequately caffeinated let's get this party started!
I have no idea why ducks fans were voted the most annoying in the pac-10
hey you didn't know you were on twitter.
you can't dance though ......
Seriously my Trouble hoodie is awesome but old ladies @ work have started saying "here comes trouble" when I walk up
All gas still?
Crazy talk crazy talk!!!!
Casting people: Please don't ask us to "note something" when you've disabled the notes section.
"Too bad the only people who know how to run the country are busy driving cabs and cutting hair."
Welcome to our newest follower, who We hope will extend their clean-green bmore mantra to improved hygenics on all routes.
I just read this.LOL. 9mm..no. i use nothing short of a S&W .44 for Bear hunting. 9mm will just make a bear angry. Good luck
Oh god I didn't think today through at all...my skirt and shoes are definitely going to fall off when I'm running through the halls
No comment.
Oh? I'm just the opposite. I'm actually most productive between 6 and 8am. After that, I trail off, but I can get 5k words
are you doing good
Good question... you should ask him!
Its my motherfucking mouth, I can say what i want? ISSUE? PROBLEM? um idgaf.
I just met Richard Stamm and thanked him for writing an awesome book about Smithsonian history and I cite his work on
Kelly Clarkson inspires me, glad they chose it. "Just because I'm lonely doesn't mean I'm alone." I'm stronger, live for you, I chose life
This week in England I had a lot of positive feedback on our newest BeerTap designs
he probably wouldn't reply !
I was gonna do that but I thought youd get mad or something./:
all of Chevys line up is fuel friendly now. They have the Eco line up.
Living sustainably in Reference Universe: The Green Kitchen Handbook: practical advice for transforming your home from
I appreciate the follow back. Hope to connect with you further.
I think the dog is dead!!
Lmaooo!! It's all good... Just yell next time
ha too funny!! How r u?
No one believes when you say how old you are, might as well not tell them your age esp in this business!:)
Some sophmores are simply P-A-T-H-E-T-I-C :) some not all
libraries and keeping up with social tech- challenging but every step can help
The Industrial Sounds Of Electro Pop & Autotunes Sound Is Destroying Hip Hop's Core From The Inside Out
At the Pinball Hall of Fame on Tropicana. This place makes me happy.
If you have to forecast, forecast often. - Edgar R. Fiedler
Indecision is a symptom of not wanting to make a commitment.
Dig the article! Sounds like on a Friday night but with Gruppo Pizza and Ariston Fils!
I've been down and out pretty much all day with a stomach bug. My wife let me rest all day. She's amazing. Thank you honey!
I guess nothing then
No. Not yet. But I'm trying to get my mom too get me tickets for the one in Georgia.
r we getting together Friday?
Big thank you!! RT :
"The people in the New Media Center are my HEROES. I seriously love you guys." From Eagle Rants--library loves this!
lazy sunday adventures
I mourn the loss of reason. Debate has been replaced by 30 second talking points designed to consolidate the power of a few.
Alrite I need something to do seriously
MAN!!!! that's some nice music you got there ! And you've got a nice website !
Five cars deep at the Walmart oil change line at 7am! Whodathunkit? Trying Jiffy Lube.
I've survived it but gosh it was painful!!!
Thanks for following us!
RT : Gr8 companies support communities RT : Raymond James is title sponsor of April 27-28 open house!
i cannot wait until #hungergames comes out!!
spent the day playing with the photos for the new album cover
Thanks for your help!!!
That was the gayest thing ever
Our panel is back and ready to answer your questions! Tweet us your questions.
55.5 #ghcc bike miles this week. Yay! Also, I'm tired.
Not like you tried
A special #FF to His tweets are informative and reviews well written. Cheerio chap! Keep up the great work.
RT : People... Please figure out the difference between "to" and "too"....
ISF & late payment fees, reposessions, cheap real estate 4 new investments: Easy $$! 1%ers love a down economy 2 much to create jobs.
work hard for what you want in life the harder you work the better life will be Hard work pays off so we takes no days off
Well, it might be raining out, but we're having an awesome day.We've got Breakfast Casserole & Koeksisters(African donuts)to die for.See ya
Conservative pundit strategy: when you have no case, bring up New Black Panther Party.
I love when #event sessions give you time for reflection. #ECV11 did this and I even took the opportunity to do this at home.
Hello Grady Sizemore...Good to see you back!
Neither would some ones....
so im just me being.me and this chick says im a really cool guy
On my list of worst band names, this one is most likely in the single digits: Neon Indian. (Also, kind of related, Indian Jewelry sucks, 2).
well do that now cause your shower will be an hour long
See a pool of water under your car? Don稚 worry, as long as it is just water, it is normal.
that awkward moment when you start to feel replaced..
How old r u?
#WordsGirlsLoveToHear you're beautiful
Do ya know someone lookin for a new #job in #indy? Are they creative? Do they design stuff? Send'em my way. We have openings at all levels!
hey just wanted to say hi before you go ;-&#41;
How long have u been at it? The hardest part for me is usually the 1st 2 wks. My prob is, as soon as easy, I slack off :p.
when part one makes enough to pay for it! ;)
Best priced private pilates classes: $45 per class or $400 for 10 sessions. Certified, experienced instructors.
hahaha interesting definition, but i like it!
Thank you for letting us have fun today! You guys are amazing!!
Got two huge projects at the end of this month, really need to tie loose ends on lingering projects to really immerse in these new works.
- Oooohhhh! Fantastic! Woulda?! I'm doin' it! :) Or something similar... Plenty of time next week to play with Photoshop! :)
lol :) RT : Our car is covered in we love TNS and everyone keeps looking at us. Lol
Awesome Power! Click...send.
idk yet u trying to chil with me marisa julia and analiese
Portrait of the Artest as a Young Man
Mets win 3-2 with two outs in the bottom of the ninth. What an exciting finish!!!
Thanks - she's quite photogenic (and knows it).
Take your kids to the Drive-in! Did you know that Dependable Drive-in in Moon Township plays great movies all year long?...
now i just need a super smutty novel to get me through my hibernation binge...
Hate when no one else shares your excitment.
Cocktail receptions, social gatherings, corporate events, weddings, private dinners, etc ~
Crazy how someone says they want to be with you..... But apparently not at the moment.....
our application has to be accepted still...but yes it looks like we are going!!!
this casey anthony shit is irritating
Doing some heavy lifting.
you probably don't wanna hear this then.. who's nick nolte?!
Wilson & Baker neighbors joining in schools initiative spring clean. elementary
I can't hear you, I'm having too much fun watching the VCU Kansas game.
suffering can show God's power to fix/heal as well as training us James style
I wish he was dead. You'd be better off.
There will be moments where you know you're right about something, but still have to go through the bank's hoop anyway.
Great night in philly! We solved the cheesesteak debate between genos and pats...pat wins!
the 29 th !!!Happy Leap Day all!!
Ugh i feel like if i fucked up my car already!:'(
that must have been awesome! :)
hey sis follow my new page
right! I would probably only pay 20, and that's pushing it
we had a death in the family so we had to drive back asap
Yes - that sounds like a plan!
Durianrider - what a maroon! Although he is the perfect example of a context dropper.
- walk the freedom trail. Great way to see the city!
She don't know how to discipline them either. That's why they scared of me, I'm quick to bust they ass and put em in timeout lol
hey you guys how you doing
Wait!!!! Ben too?! Oh jezz, this is gonna be awesome man. Thanks!
It's birthday!
Rachael: "That is bullshit. That is a shit of bull." 
a rare dubspecie, inhabiting urban dubsystems
Jims Carrey's daughter on American Idol!!!! Thats awesome!!!
It's been great to see you bring your twitter game up. Keep up the good work. Hope California is treating you well.
fun fact! Giraffes are the tallest animal in the world.Males stand 16-18 feet; Females 14-16 feet. Graceful, limber, beautiful
Anybody remember the Winnipeg Jets? Wearing my jersey today.
I don't want it to be the walking dead season finale.
At the Padres game again tonight thanks to Kevin Leap! Go pads! It's not going well so far though.
that sucks!!!
Sweet dreams, all.
Well sorry!!! nigguh this week someday? after school? or something?
I agree xo
More like a boring one, imo.
Love - Getty Images for the Instagram generation. Very sharp.
yeah i'm a high roller with those gift cards ;)
i'm starting to worry that if by some stroke of luck i get really rich, i'll end up spending a bunch of money on
Gorgeous! I wish I was outside! :)
oh what the hell cena why are you teaming up with the rock say u wont do it you cant fight with him he dont like u dont do it cena
Sounds like a #ripcity whitout tomorrow. EVERYONE wears white, this means YOU!
Fellas tell the truth in your whole life you never heard a woman say OHH INTERCOURSE ME!!!
I like Gemologist in the #KentuckyDerby. But then again, I like them all.
#Arizonawildcats trashed the Huskers in the bowl game before that
I hope me & will be good friends since me & are together. ✌❤
next weekend the 19th
been following you guys. Indie fantasy epic here in Oregon, USA, retweet indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film.
the time goes by so fast.
You evil little maniac
Did we mention that we're buying the drinks on Thursday for Chatham Baroque: Live at Olive or Twist?
my mother has gone to bed for the night, but i shall ask her in the morning! what time would you suggest?
He is walking just ahead of the others with his arms behind his back. In his fingers he is holding a rosary. #239DaysLive [2/2]
cruisin' through the afternoon listenin' to some
Re: Pandora mention in today's MMQB. Recommend checking out Spotify. Amazed to have a collection of everything basically.
“It is the Lord who goes before you. He will be with you; He will not fail you or forsake you. Do not fear or be dismayed.” Deuteronomy 31:8
Just arrived in Charlotte for NATS musical theater summer workshop! On-campus housing at UNC is pretty nice.
Good god, man! You need help. I'm sending over the interventionists! :)
Hey , want to work on not having a bot spam text me everytime I post to your site....
lol luv ya for that shot out! U know I gotta stay relevant! Wanna talk to u about Doin a tv show soon.
Thank you, God, for love and forgiveness without limits
Frederico Mussini for the White team is killing it. 6-12 from FG, 2 steals, and a rebound.
DAMN RIGHT KATIE BUG
definitely did something to my right wrist. It hurts soo bad :(
the Target shopping cart tweet...my thoughts exactly!!
#replacebandsnameswithboobs boob city
1st youth music scholarship awarded!!! Many to come!
just wanted to thank you & ask what got you started on your mission?
Suck it up the Lakera lost i dont want to read your sorry ass tweets all night!
Long-term #sales success requires effective relationship building. Get to work.
like fruit in his beer
Any suggestions on what sites to see? We have kind of a free day tomorrow. Can we do something cool and free?
This song makes me want to dance
Across the board with and its instagram. For it's twitter
: let me know when the record.comes out.
Chandler can't sit with the flu. Not acceptable.
I just took a power nap with my eyes open, no joke. I. Need. Sleep.
The internet is not a place to sour grape your employee. It will come back to hurt companies in ways they are not aware of yet. HR beware.
we're going w a Facebook app to get people to know about & make their own go-bags. Interested?
Prudential Financial. Resume gap was getting a bit out of hand, needed to put my degree to use. It's an entry-level finance job.
nobama #evict44 As we have witnessed during the last 3.5 years, "All change is not growth, as all movement is NOT #forward." Ellen Glasgow
"Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration" --Thomas A. Edison ... Enjoy a Greatly Perspiring Week Everyone !
grrr.. Comcast is making me mad. About 2 seconds from shipping the box back
Skeehan on the demographics of empire. Thinking about paper money and credit as tools for exploiting dislocated people.
Happy April to all! No April Fools :0)
#dbwmetadata at some of the best BISACs we got were done by an EiC. For monographs, content knowledge does help.
Summoning spirits isn't 'Button, button, Who's got the button,' I would have you know.
omfg why didn't these show up in my mentions? i had to check my email to see that you replied to me :'( well anyways i am proud!
RIP Steve Jobs. The world has lost a true visionary and brilliant man.
the lime green isn't bright? what kind of lime green isnt bright! lol hold on ill think of a diff color
Just inverted a 6 and a 9 on a product key, pretty sure that is some dyslexia. In other news running licensed Dreamweaver CS6 now!
Way to Go Texans!!!!!!! Time now to rough up the Ravens.
Let's get you running this morning! ": Up and on my way to work. I am so exhausted. Need dunkin"
Funny you should ask. He is sitting in my office right now!
GUESS WHO GOT AUZ10 TO FOLLOW US.~ you better get on MCC and celebrate with me<3
just tried to write popular and i wrote poopular
try cheers
Welcome to Twitter and thanks for the follow :)
a normal sleep schedule would be nice
Trying to kill a spider but missed, then thinking: "It's gonna kill me in my sleep."
The voice of your eyes is deeper than all roses. - EE Cummings
"She looks like a shark"
ah haha funny....come wrestlemania its on! #TEAMCENATION is the man!
Putting finishing touches on my chair remarks for #newacc session at #nwaohc12 complete with Peter Venkman line:
You may not be where you want to be, but the great news is that you still have time... Everyone have a blessed day...
Dont regret that got me out the house
hahaha, yes ;) i guess i should close the vent in my room but im not gettin up my head hurts from stress lol.
I definitely booed Heath Bell. He's not on our team anymore. I'm not going to cheer for the man who is trying to make us lose the game.
APD has their batmobile at the Lighter Than Air Fair today! Plus: US Navy, NM Forestry fire truck and ABQ Fire dept. are here!
D magazine shop talk showed our top picks for fall and our proenza bag were the best!
I got 17 followers, so far
haven't had any problems before, and it was a legit reason to change servers.
Titanic Belfast opens just in time for OAA's EuroTour 2012!
Airplane maintenance is investigating a strange fluid that is on the right wing. Reminds me of why ASPCA took my pet penguin away.
What's your cuisine of choice? (I work on radio show that has weekly restaurant reviews from Journal Sentinel writer)
Hey there !
So true.RT : is a classy man.
We hope you had a great Labor Day Weekend! Don't forget, LDCM is back to general hours: Tue-Fri 9-4, Sat 10-5, Sun 12-5, closed Mondays.
Thanks for following. Be sure to stop by our Fenway store when you go to The Red Sox, we're at across from Fenway Cinema
Cleaning my garage... yeah.. I'm thrilled.
i got a new strapless orange shirt today. so cute!
The Encore of Tony Duran lead actor Gene Pietragallo honored in #Pittsburgh 11/10-10am City Council to proclaim "Tony Duran Day"
RT : Tell us (NPR's All Songs Considered) your favorite music of the year so far
Will try to check it out when I come back, will be the last day.
Ogden on fallacious Apple story: data can be center of discourse but corp. data < good data
hope you get your size homie
Thanks Sid! : Media Production Movers
Peyton should go to the jets! Get Sanchez outta there
As you go through your day, remember that while you may only be one out of billions in the world, to someone else, you may be the world.
Why am I up?
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Gino's East - Pizza (live updates)
#6. Only white people have mustaches. Seriously, when was the last time you saw a Korean with a mustache? Or an African American?
*laugh* oh, and btw, that character who is sweet and innocent kicks ass, but now may die!
Can't WAIT Til , I Goo Home im Going to see him ;)))
Hey fam what's going on in Detroit today???????
haha remember when the haircut song came on!! Hahahaha! I DIED OF LAUGHTER !!
I'm tweeting for class again. Get ready to read my intelligent tweets
hahaha I'm sure they were... But if I could go back id keep it the same.. those were good memories pissing teachers off
what's up brother?
I am seriously in complete love with
Braun was born superhuman, it ain't his fault.
Oh wait...I think I just got it lol.
There is no safety in numbers, or in anything else.
Wearing my daraja tee today to support arriving for fall tour today
If we aren t supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
Played my, boyfren, and Justin Timberlakes bdays in the lottery so like, prolly gonna win?
i bet barks nonstop!
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!22
Bring Mom Out For A Beer today! Free brewery tours for moms today.
1 Peter 5:7 Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you. (NIV)
having to sell cookies at Wal-Mart today...what are we girl scouts??
I witness a baby being birth in class
Said Waldershare, 'Sensible men are all of the same religion.' 'And pray what is that' ... 'Sensible men never tell.'
hey Bill! How r u?
10:30pm on a Sunday is so much easier to embrace when you've had a four day weekend. Those really are amazing.
If I just lay here, would you lie with me and just forget the world?
seen you at shoney's
Steak n Shake Downtown :)
BlatantBerry in 5/18 LJ: "A Rebirth in Pittsburgh" re Mary Frances Cooper & CLP--new services, expanded hours, renewed role in city.
sounds great! have a good day - with LOTS of cocktails!
Went to our fav local bar to find they're hosting an #AdultProm. Its going to be a good night.
Well guys you have waited long enough, bet you want to know what all the fuss is about huh. singles will be on my space and my official site
lucky bitch
It was SO much fun hanging out! You are in good hands with and the crew! Looking forward to Thursday!
Glad tomorrow Friday
check out her resume, its better than rihanna's. But everybody has an opinion
it is hot as fuck out here
Well, now I can relax..
Yovani pitching a gem today, let&#39;s keep it going
Back at'cha. RT Very thankful for colleagues like and —and thanks to all at Northwestern for a great day around DH.
ruh roh.... Still have some puppy in there huh???
Just entered the #BreakingBad sweepstakes I think I should win!
What blocks your entry way? A locked door...... but for every door that there's a lock, you just have to find the right key!
watching pa2 waiting for pa3 # scary movies the best
Checked into Latina Leadership conference hotel, Crown-Plaza OP. Wow, looking @ great give away items! Hands off !
I feel like I lost part of myself. I need you, and you're gone
lol text me. Maybe I will :-)
And if the Euro collapses, I could soon have 7 billion stories to tell!
han, is this like what happend last time?
Thanks for the re-tweet! We thought it was pretty epic as well!
I hope your parents find out you have twitter
Would *LOVE* to. Email me. mmurray - at - madsecinc dot com
your cute .. Hahah this is random ;)
is working with the UN food program and will donate a meal for simply liking the Street King page. Take 2 seconds to feed someone.
That SUCKS! I've had it happen to me many MANY times...
Rolling with CORS right now rather than frustrate myself with JSONP. CORS not supported in IE7.
text ke bro
Good evening and how did things go???
we've never really talkd in person! even though we were in the same school 2gether.lets change that..lets Party!
- I will check out the track when I get to the house, give me a day or two
When the roles are reversed sox fans can talk all the shit they want. When it's O's fans, says we need to grow up. Lol.
Wedding magazines are a good source of ideas for wedding gowns
Thx, ! I should follow U around for plot ideas, LOL! Just sayin'. ')
My industrial strength umbrella bit the dust today due to torential winds. It was almost 1 year old.
it's worse :( with all the construction now too
how u been
The #Yankees need a big win today in order to tie the series and to gain momentum before the upcoming series against 1st place
Every time I get paid and see how much I made it makes me want to go get another tattoo.. Someone design me a half sleeve! #please&thankyou
Goodmorning tweethearts!:) its Monday...and I wish I could sleep- but there is so much #sierrajoyness to do!
I still fire up Google in an anonymous window sometimes for stuff like that, but DDG for the rest. It's decent.
DeVante Designz Inc. - Australia to open Feb 2012, hiring now for jobs in Australia market... Designers / Marketing job
Congrats to Governor Earl Ray Tomblin, WV is in good hands!! Thanks for all the work young dems!
Arby's. Judge me.
#lagondmusicstudents performing tonight featuring our Slow Jam Band, Songwriter Sessions, and BW3!
Nothing is better than the office christmas party and watching people cause a scene. They're going to feel dumb tomorrow...
You know. I think it's a fair usage of the member dollars to be spent on my plastic surgery. My public appearance IS important.
Tmr to do construction!
I'll pass that scenario over to He can help a lot more than I can. Ah, Chicago, I need to go back.
#np "It All Belongs to Me." On repeat. All day.
I thought a thought but the thought I thought was not the thought I thought I though, I thought.
"Don't look down, it's an impossible view"
I don't hate everyone but I do hate some people. Ahah
Run 13 miles this Sunday, nice and smooth. Love when the temp warms up.
cool to see two of my favorite musicians together.
Hey now.
lol, that feel more pre-mw than mw, the only community where the fights stop when we break out the booze!
I do that in cat puke way too often.
Do u ever wana to figure out peoples tweets ?
^ When the king of Egypt was told that the people had fled, Pharaoh and his officials changed their minds about them and said, “What have...
True, but I question her choice to ride it in lingerie.
Still in the studio with and 4:23am probably got 1 more hour in here almost 15 hours today grindin foreal......
Hey followers!
Bout to take the stage at the alley. Crowd is looking riled up.
Security Tip: Be aware of what your child is doing online. Teach them about cyber-bullying, and to come to you if they ever feel scared.
No one at my school eats fish for some reason
Whoa, that's awesome!!
lol that's a gd thing
Hi everyone, our C2 website is having "issues." Our crack team is working on it, and we apologize for any inconvenience. Please stand by!
Not 50. That doesn't even exist.
Lol, I'm a teenager. The more you tell me not to do something, I'm gonna do it.
Licenses are sent immediately -- did yours get through okay? Let us know at if not.
Hope you enjoyed it!
Just realized that super troopers is almost the same cast of beerfest
got that ASS in her AVI
The only thing that got me out of bed this morning was the thought of a Bold Spanish Latte from Urth Cafe. Hey, whatever works.
Sometimes, people put up walls. Not to keep others out, But to see who cares enough to break em down.
has been desiring to perform on stage more and more. . .
HEY :) Craig we missed you on Friday - hope ur well! and Tweet - YOU Killed it at Carnival! :) XOXO
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!
Big game day today! Go LOBOS!
I absolutely love it! Will have to tweet a pic of it. :-)
Fuck Bitches ... Get Money .. MISSION COMPLETE
im crying because i cant find a ride to the june 1st show :( i need comfort :(
Also for : Joe Willis needs to experience an Olympic collapse for Hamid to retake No. 1 job. Willis looks better with every game.
Thanks for good conversation today. Look forward to working with you on upcoming #Fulbright social media projects.
"Gotye Nose" is a fun game to play with creepy effete babies
Still tweaking the site before unveiling it
i hate my piano IT FREAKING TURNS ON AND OFF !!!! i cant find my sax hhhhhmmmm were are you saxophone :>
like fureal doe y u spam me with porn link?
This weather sucks... So let's drink!!! Keys Lounge in Ft Worth tonight! Sounds like a plan...
#ThingsDatPissMeOff generic ass txts like I just wanted to say hello or hey how you
gwen just said this ice tea is flat wtf is she talking about
And so night falls on another great night at #AAPA2012. Friday: my talk @ 4:45, #anthrobandit reception @ 6, and AAPA business meeting @ 8!
Probably doesn't mean much coming from me but... don't hold out. We need you on the field. You'll get your pay regardless
So many questions & NO answers, shit drives me crazy!!
Members Card Magic +10 (25 units)
I just don't have the heart to do it any more, nor do I have it the heart to be a singer/songwriter.
they will
That's great! We love to hear visitors' stories about how the Project made them feel. Thank you!
1st game likely 2 weeks from today boys!
Be careful of scams while online #holiday #shopping. Be sure the url is https, check privacy policies, and report unauthorized transactions.
At , we've got sports activities for the whole family! Celebrate Nat'l Physical Fitness & Sports Month w/ us on #MissionBay!
up on the phone wit my mama... love talking to her :)
u aint bout that stop showin out for twitter
Haha I told you it was true! :p
9 lives sci-fi story concept has been green lit. 18 episodes . Will be casting soon I will keep everyone posted
Bulgarian weightlifter convicted of drug smuggling
Yay for passing/exceeding all my OAKS tests so I basically get a free period. Too bad I don't have a car to go anywhere.
"90% of #records filed after the completion of a transaction are never referred to again."
Nothing guaranteed until announced... Remember was told the 49ers were gunna draft him...
I actually am. You jealous? :p
RT : It's nice to have someone in your life who can make you smile even when they're not around.
Lay it on me. How was it in that moment of time? ;) x
You always know when it's time to lock your car doors, just by looking at the street number.
Honestly . . . I'm tired of running & holding on . I'm tired of constantly worrying . . .
That's my professor. #myschooliscoolerthanyours “: "I think they're something we should weaponize." - on bedbugs”
please stop direct messaging my other twitter account please. thank you
re: LA weather, the reason why cost of living is so high, I presume? Lol
Have any of you seen the displays of "Chocolate Shop" wine? Tread delicately.
Okay Knicks. That's what we've been waiting for.
Mapped out 2012, Jan-June including projects in development, classes, goals, and family time.
Sad times. Rest in Paradise MCA!!!
Haven't tweeted in a while...been looking for Webb and Badds but I think they're hiding somewhere.
Merry Christmas to all my east coast ppl! I'm there in spirit! Being grateful for all my blessings! The gift of LIFE is the best gift of all
Thanks! Just sent it to Matlea RT : Thanks for an enlightening and entertaining session at #SREBSYM. Can you post your slide deck?
Can't wait!! He's a beautiful, beautiful boy ... and looks so much like his mama. :)
Tebow...sticking it to Atlanta's fans basically the same thing
Zumiez is officially my favorite store now.
Wow, George provides too much value to this team to give him up with Green for that deal to make even slight sense.
Great reactions from future authors during the self-publishing session. Thanks #ritread for putting together a great mashup of pub. topics!
“Hey, thanks for putting my groceries in my bag. Yeah I could help, but I’ll just watch. I’m exhausted from picking that crap out. Jim G.
Maybe they really wanted that potential Vandy - UW matchup and figured it would be insane to place it in Nashville.
my pops woke
My kingdom for a king cake!
Congrats on ur acceptance into .#SistersDoNBigThings. One of the best decisions I've ever made!
In legit tears right now. Best performance this season
taco Santa has suited up and is ready for the marathon
Yeah RT“: The eldest children in families tend to develop higher IQs than their siblings.”
My juniper is flowering. :)
The Vigil all-night music fest up next! Sat 4/28 on the Cohen Plaza at #MICA - experimental, nu jazz, post-rock, trip-hop, ambient...
old teacher of mine, rat and monkey lookalike
lets get it
Hi! We're working pro bono to help TX Scottish Rite promote Access Lux event. Looking for bloggers to attend. Any interest?
Barback Olympics gave me an idea for bay area record labels- INTERN OLYMPICS! Events include coffee races, packaging trials, and tweet-offs.
Um, we're outta Internet at "You could not be logged in, max number of users reached."
thanks for the follow!
Well thank you. :)
I have a good feeling about tonights show!!
Just a reminder... learn about some great, yet undiscovered bands, by following twitter at www.twitter.com/sunislandmusic
Congrats to UW-Whitewater Rugby. D2 National Champions. Making Wisco proud!
Any updates on those New Years resolutions FB?
Do u guys kno how to post videos to facebook?
Just woke up from my nap
Thank you Dan and Amy at North Olmsted Denny's for todays breakfast!
RT if you'll support justin bieber no matter what!
#FF Follow these ladies for serious entertainment
- Thx! Pleasure to meet you too! :) PA/Loc Scout/ Coordinator? Multi-organizer! Yourself? Looking at May 8th, all day.
When u troll on Allstar weekend...they acknowledge ur troll
lol yeahh my daddy home! Time to eat and watch movies haha
I'll crush you if you ever say anything that dumb
Great game RT : Whew! Another tight HS game between Montrose and Marcus (TX) on #ESPN now! 2 point game w 48 secs!
Just a little over a week to go until the new season starts on January 26th!
would love to chat in more details, in SF anytime soon?
Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you! Happy birthday dear Laura, happy birthday to you!!!!
it's not half empty?
