should be opening this more and more, but instead turning the ball over more and more
What is your favorite song to run/jog to? I want a new playlist! Today! Thanks :)
we are at table number nine, over.
So much fun having the talented Jaden Carlson in for an interview and performance on the show today. GO GO KRFC!
My perspective on this: Obama ran on bipartisanship, but Republicans planned from day 1 to oppose everything he wanted to do.
Is it really college basketball season next week??
Love comedy central!
If you love good music check out these guys .
let's do it! I could handle G+ but haven't used it in 1 million years
Welcome! Check us out! #dogood Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
Back at Emory? I'm a grad student and I shared the track with you a few times before you went to FL. Welcome back!
If I didn't have to walk through 20 mins of it to get to work, I wouldn't mind it! My puppy will be excited though.
ahh good luck! I'll call you in a few days!!
our paths with cross again one day. and hopefully youll have 5 bucks on you
Hello, whats wrong with your mobile? Everytime ive tried to call it says the person you are trying to contact is in your heart.
Thanks for the honor of the follow. I really appreciate it. Looking forward to your tweets.
It's NATIONAL DOG DAY! Give your pooch a smooch! :-) ♥
I don't want to go to the dentist tomorrow, cuzz I'm sure they'll find something wrong no matter how well I care for my teeth.
True. And what Chris Rock said on show recently. "Wealth is having options".
lmaoo don't worry Kim I'm on my way !
Poke, Poke. Too lazy to sign in to FB just to pick on ya : )
Nothing interferes with my concentration. You could put an orgy in my office and I wouldn't look up. Well, maybe once. -Isaac Asimov
Do what you can do and let go and let God do what you can't
- Again, I am sorry. See you tomorrow on something. Have a good night.
Got to tweet some national breaking news today. BOA protesters in the streets outside my office window. Helicopters. Arrests ..
19 days to go.
When God gave out looks...Kayne West thought that he said "books" and he didn't want any.
lol, I'll hit you up with more details
Wtf you take me for? Nigga show love!
ha. Shut up.
sorry man - I've become a bruncher
Catch up on the week that was and the week to come on The Franchise Weekend Show (LIVE) 6-9am Team990.com MONTREAL SPORTS
Bahahahah ne'er can trust em!
lol I'm on a mission! And luck helped too :-)
Gettin ready for work.. Makin a money pie gettin more dough
A state trooper is placed on leave as DPS investigates claims officers gave protesters drugs.
My friend Walt's words for 2012 are focus, determination and tenacity . Good advice for us all.
Things are getting weird and I like it
I'm so pissed. Someone stole my brothers iPhone today in the locker rooms and like 3 other kids got theirs stolen too
bout to go out to eat wit dat baby man
it's the only one worth reading
Ya Look Great Boot Camp is how I stay fit
Twos company; threes a crowd.
Aw thanks for coming to #UberIcon!
Merry Christmas from Jesus is the reason for the season!
Lunch with the soldiers n check got picked up by unknown. This Army thing does hav it's benefits
They can't handle you for being you. ;) LOL.
i kinda had a bet going wit my dad...i just lost....
Made some designs and got paid. Thanks to my paying costumers im going on track. #swag #graphic designer #pepsi manica :)) Goodnight!!!!!
I have a not - so - secret anymore secret!
I have to work so I'll miss deezy Thursday :(
just one or two team ones from last year, nada from this year
RT - Any Cleveland fans wanna go to a yankees/indians game next week in Cleveland? Preferably Tuesday.
Commerce, HUD, Energy, Education
"You can't be what you can't see." -Marie Wilson
Let's go , going for 2 in a row with Smart leading the charge!
Project x was def a crazy movie.
kill the basket
love the thinking time idea. What would it look like? Sitting? Freewriting? Walking perhaps?
Lots of people have been asking me if I'm going to Memphis in May. I'd love to, but my wife is nearly 9 mos pregnant! We'll go when he's 1.
Been waiting on this car for about an hour now ...😡
SNL has me in tears!!
I remember when I wanted thousands of followers on twitter... Now I wish I had more than 300 on tumblr *sigh*
Never Order Any Thing On The Menu Made With Chunks A’ Chunks A’ Burning Love…
Right...Apps for cell phones. He is researching it and how to work with Apple. It's actually interesting. Hope he can do it!
why am i still sick?
Darn, I missed it. Could have dotted the "i"
Buss trip to #NLM, 1st time there!
Ah!.... there's a HAIL STORM outside. First time seeing hail. #saint louis
oh cool! Where are they located? Sounds like a tasty spot to try out :)
Real DJ over here sir!
i think that's illegal in some states
swag gurl out
A game 7 win?
Writing session and Going over beats w my bruh
and then you feel so low, you can't feel nothing at all.
morning!!! Yea that's my mini me! Thanks!
I believe that my life's gonna see the love I give returned to me.
This X Factor is trippy. This X Factor show is horrible.
Be all you can :)
I'm pretty sure this game is prohibited by the 8th amendment.
#NYC: See Michael Moore ( ) tonight at his signing for HERE COMES TROUBLE: Stories from My Life – B&N on 33 West 17th Street
Happy Birthday :D I love you so much ♥ ♥ ♥
RT i have not wanted anyone to lose so badly since john mccain.
OH. Okay.. lol it's showing an egg on the mobile website.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Panic Room
Finding the wedge audience is critical
Holy crap it's the 1 year anniversary of the death of Osama.
I gotted news
Anyone ever cycled in Hawaii? Specifically Oahu? Not exactly accommodating in my opinion.
life is a short trip
Great post!
#BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!! :) I love you x
Watching Scary movie & eating some pizza hut (:
The Avengers for the 2nd time in 3 days - and again in IMAX 3D as well :)
I need him . . . I've been loving him all day . I'll love him more <3
Thanks! Would be great to bump into you :)
You can tell you ate too much for Thanksgiving when you have to let your bathrobe out.
I completely agree Moms are truly the unsung heroes of our lives and, the world What would be without the love & guidance of moms
what did you think of Om Stranger Tides
Couldn't believe how young some couples were, looked like high school students, yet had 3, 4, 5 kids each.
We would like to thank everyone that made it to Moon Dog Tavern on Saturday!!
Guys GUESS WHAT....16 more days left of school....yayayayayayay.(:
Saw you bought your ticket for Walk Away With Art at - so excited to have you!
#amWriting a book review.
Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems
oKAY sO iVE nOW bECOME oBSESSED wITH mY cAPS lOCK....dONT hATE gUYS (:
Hittin the Trap
WERE WATCHING A MOVIE FOR THE NEXT THREE DAYS THE WALLS ARE SINGING HALLELUJAH AMEN
I think it is, beardo.
I think it's cute(:
David Carter's senior recital today at 1:00 in Sweeney hall!!! Come check it out!
can i get a tweet?? xO
I wish they would do a tour in the usa? :)x
Lmao this has been the best Vegas trip by far
Love me some
And the best part is, you sell them back for roughly 1/25th the cost of what you bought it!
Orlando bound soon
Maybe he thought you were a stray dog?
my floor is so much more comfortable than my bed....
When is the Brewers TV Deal up? How much would a new Milwaukee Market TV Contract be worth?
Let's all be ghosts then.
In marble falls, its pretty, idk why but I like it
The field is shaping up as two more join, giving the Safeway Classic 20 of the top 20 on the money list.
we bouta play the game
This nigga need to hurry up and bring me my money
keep it going HHW!!
#NP Ja Rule ft. J Lo : I'm Real
Get your team focused by choosing a different player to do devotion before each practice. Use SignUpGenius to organize the schedule!
Happy Chinese New Year!! Year of the dragon I believe...
Want to Add a Share Bar to Your Site? Buffer Makes It Easy
FUCK YOU MILITARY THE TANGO IM PEACEFUL # PEACEFULPLACE
lol. I told you the brain is sucked out first year and replaced. All that is replaced isn't rationale.
I think it's weird is complaining to people from Long Island.
Attn Focus Readers! What are some of your favorite photography blogs you frequent everyday?
"If the disease of stress was identified by the CDC, we'd have people in yellow suits & masks all over the country." Tim Ryan
RT Strange how all these pop stars on the radio sing about the weekend, as if they're at office jobs through the week.
Why is it that we have the weight of the world on our shoulders, but have to get it off our chests?
Just apologized to my wall for bumping into it...
If u use "real name" u are naive to think anyone cannot find & read tweets. Being encouraged to put it on my resume by profs
Congratulations on being name 2012 Business Marketer of the Year Award by the Business Marketing Association of Colorado!
that's going to be a powerful show!!
RT : FYI: 48% of city tax revenue comes from real estate related taxes. very interesting
Fro some restaurants it may be extended. Not official but in Open Table. For most no! For us tonight it is the last night!
#Diablo3 will be the first game in over a decade that I will have bought on Launch Day... anyone else looking forward to it Next Week?
RT : I think so but it's rare to find a department that can foster an environment that encourages them
“: You know you're really in love when you smile at every message he sends you.”
My movie is on 
Best wishes to all the people of Egypt for rest of their days.May their future be one of true peace and true freedom!!!!
Happy Friday and get home safe in this snow.
Time for another trip to hawaii! Ill try not stay for a month this time! Who's down? With our time share its super dope!
I'm on it! Or maybe not...
the one about Anthony having his own seat.
No Australian Galaxy S I Launch Plans Yet
"vicar's butt potato" is phrase of the day, as far as I'm concerned
it bothers me that the kid is in ur fantasy
Rocks! They helped get our short sale back on track in less than an hour! THANKS!
this is very trippy. u look a bit awkz in this.
sounds good! what kind of herbs/spices did you use? i think i could eat lentils and/or chickpeas every day.
everyone is clueless.
“: For myself I mean..” ~ Just remember your own wild magnificence, Tabbi. It exudes from you, an unconquerable force!
Youtube is addicting
today was track day ugg it was nice out though
“: yup ): RT : Did Indiana really just win?” HYFR!!!!
and I wonder why would I wait 'till I die to come alive? I'm ready now, I'm not waiting for the afterlife.
time to hit the gym on Monday...
need some studio time when you get back from outta state. get at me been their plenty times cant get ahold of anybody though.
Does B1G rip joepa name off tourney trophy? Who replaces? Fry? Alvarez? Osborne?
Thanks for liking my page Jeremiah! :-)
see you there!
And let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts.~ Colossians 3:15
Cake cake cake!
Yeah, Kelly!
Thanks! This is so much better than yesterday's news about cognitive decline commencing ten train stations after thirty!
taking a walk down #NOLA memory lane :)
so is
Must be tough to be a female body builder what with lifting in heels and a bikini.
Justin, you should know since it is spelled correctly on the restraining order she has against you.
SO glad you posted this! Just registered (YAY!) & have a perfect song to submit, one I've been wanting to get out there. 💛
Just got a call from Chase about setting up appt to talk about banking. Anyone else think sat morn is inappropriate for this?
Lana Del Ray
Wade has been playing like shit all series though.
the last thing imma say is..this is your year..God has been blessing u...but be patient he will give u exactly what u need
Feuding Officials Hurt NBA Players Union The labor battle between the NBA and the National Basketball Players Association was an ugly, pr
That awkward moment when you fall asleep while reading a book and then try to continue when you wake back up...
Life's Like A Dick, It Gets Hard For No Reason.
We don't want no skinny bitches, little bitches get out!!
CAN'T STUDY ANYMORE :o
I just got dumped for the first time in my life! Looks like it's back to my whorish ways.
My guy Bosh is out.. we still ridin
I wish the Pacers had at least one player famous enough to get a fucking call every once in a while.
Awesome opening for the #CMA!
it was what did it say...
really?? i'll ask her lol
"we came here with nothin" lol they hypin to the max haha
#rain in #rva reason to hoot 'n holler! #pollen is washing away!
DYK - A bag of Fritos has less salt than a slice of white bread?
if you're friends don't dance and if they don't dance, well, they're no fiends of mine.
SM is SOCIAL, 2-way street, a conversation requires at least 2 people...let students reply
Tony noms CBS! Now!
What's with all the pop ups on yahoo? they're everywhere now
saw you maher. Wow, you came off as such an arrogant hypocrite. You are the epitome of the political problem in the USA
Because the quality sucked. I'm not hating, just being real. Also, you wanna get better studio equpiment as well. But back to
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Make it a great day.
i like to think to think of smoking a lot of cigarettes as a form of folk-medicine.
Ha! You're basically a part of the family then. :)
Im still ride'n with San Antonio pops think he know the game better than me.
Good Morning Everybody
Goes well with kielbasa! Grab a friend and check out the Polish Hill Art Fest! Pottery, photography, paintings and more...
It really was. I wish I knew you were there! #NachosOnMe. I haven't seen you at the yet....
you're an ASSHOLE for putting a your company hash tag in that tweet. Dickhead.
Hmm, I kinda feel like a bad person now. Good thing I keep these comments to myself, mostly.
awesome win. nice work & RT: a win for #SKC! 1-0 goal by in the 93'. 3 points on the road!
Camera Fun Time. Take some shots of the artwork on your walls for posterity. In 20 years you'll say, "Oh that's right. I forgot I had that.
I Hate You Bro. You're A Cunt. Real Shit.
Happy bday enjoy it man
I want to sit on the couch & say super awesome and point to nothing & have Isaiah put a link in where Im pointing
just created my facebook page for Unforgettaballs- come take a look!
me-oh my gosh you saved my life. superman- I didn't shave your wife. me- whaaaa? Superman- dig! me- whaaa?
so i just locked my keys in my car
thank you Kristin! I'll gladly take that as a compliment even if it wasn't meant to be one ☺
It's football season! Whats better than opening day of the season? The playing on opening day! #MerrySaintsmasEverybody!
“: Where r the fantasy f-ball players at?" join my league. We'll boot
#favoritelyric if the bags light, tell him call me Ricky, cuz you got some explainin to do.
The depressing part is how little time in my life I haven't been working those kinds of hours, so it took me this long to figure that out.
You're sweet...-BF
I love you, you sexy b***h
On the way to Plaza Bonita #RackOpening! Pre-opening Tweetup, let's go media socialites.
Any girl can be glamorous. All you have to do is stand still and look stupid.
There she is! :)
Follow me !:D
This rehearsal right now is torturous
Hey white liar, truth comes out a little at a time.
So beautiful outside after all this good rain. Need to churn through my work so I can get to the garden and plant potatoes.
Watching Wait Until Dark with Completely terrified already.
"The Bar Singer" trailer for the debut novel by Pete Berwick: via
nothing on the books yet. It's all Berlin and Zurich for now
As we proceed to give you what you need Get live mother fuckers
The fabulous #aam2012 start in 15 minutes! Minneapolis Ballroom B at the Hilton. Free champagne to toast the 47 winners
Tumblr is unblocked on the school wifi omgb best day ever
me and andre might, we chilln at my house for a few first . Ill have him txt you tmrw
1317- don't get mad for me saying this... But I lost all respect for you..
Merry Christmas to all & to all a good night
Thanks for the RT!!
Thanks for following us! We're proud of our #JerseyCity #smallbusiness community. See you soon!
Bitch please.
,isn't he the one who confessed to no serious discussion abt going to war
did you steal my Stella from the beer fridge today??
really? William Byrd is closed tomorrow because of a freakin' sinkhole.
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk. - Doug Larson
Ginobli will be out 6-8 weeks 4 a broken hand...karma's a bitch, shouldnt have traded GEORGE HILL!!
Happy Anniversary!! Enjoy :-)
we just had a long, intense newsroom stare down. #awkward :p
On May 1st 1945 it was announced that Hitler had died. 66 years later on the same exact day we have news that Bin Laden has died. Crazy.
Pop music is about defying gravity. Some pop is lighter than air. But I always prefer the kind that uses big f----- rockets.
exactly. hi sam. i love you. now, do it, okay.
Hello everyone! I am an #arts marketer from Hong Kong, living/ working in Washington DC, finishing an MA in
Praying ->": We're checking reports that a child has been shot at a home in the 3500 block of Buford Highway. They do not have the age."
It was my pleasure! Glad you had a good time.
Flying out at 6:am. Bye Miami it's been wonderful :)
Hipster douchebag asked me for change. Denied. Get a job and a haircut, and lose the ironic hat and the f'n skateboard.
I know I miss y'all too! Tell her I said hey! Guess what today is?
Who do you guys think would make a good couple with: Kesha, Miranda Cosgrove, or Victoria J?
i had a blast this eve. forearms ache. ears ring. gotta work at 7am, and another show tomorrow! thankz to those who came out.
Something good just happened.
I bet the tacos at in Anaheim have Mouseketeer jizz on them.
ITS FRIDAYY FRIDAY FRIDAY YEAH!!! lol gotta love fridayys:))
you were stiching up the seams of every broken promise that your body couldnt keep, i think i saw you in my sleep
Hello! If you want to get our attention is the best account. The status one for service updates. :)
It's Monday. It's hot. Spend it in the #AirConditioning with us and get cool #Badgers #Brewers #Packers stuff! 608-241-8807
time to apply for that grant.
looks nice out!
haha that's what happens when you brag about 74 degree weather
yer so cool
thanks love! I hope your hip heals well! Love you!
Looking into this for you! I'll let you know as soon as I get answers...
Live view from out front storms passing to our east and west .
and pointless! Lol
and *fingers crossed* that I find out what this insider is lol
BABES CABARET THIS SUNDAY ON SCOTTSDALE RD ..MARCH13TH ..FIRST R&B AND HIPHOP NIGHT HOSTED BY
Oh gosh, he ought to know better than that! I'm a very loving sweet person but he would bring the wrath of myself on him.
PEACE DAY 2011 -the 14th Annual- May 14, 2011 KIDS, FAMILIES and FUN!!! Entertainment, Games, Prizes & FOOD...FREE!!! www.peacequest2020.org
RIP Gene Colan. I just heard this, sad news. An amazing artist and a very kind man. He'll be missed.
": Does your goal pass the underwear test? #99conf" /huh? What's that?
1/22 Special:Grilled Veal Chop on a Prosciutto,Asparagus & Fingerling Potato Hash w/Truffle Tossed Pea Shoots & Roasted Garlic Reduction
Glad to hear that our staff has been treating you well. Best of luck during your recovery.
i fux wit
Trying to explain "Wonder Twin powers: ACTIVATE!" to a 23 yr old colleague. Guess I've got to wait for the movie to drop.
Will do. Let us know if you ever need any cool etched #wine or liquor bottles for any events.
thanking god for all are blessing ....
I am located in San Francisco, CA
Student tech knowledge may look good but tech competence test much lower in readiness assessment.
Yes - but only after the monkeys figure out the potato peeler.
I like your style
which two?
completely jealous.
Did you eventually find us?
Judge Judy sexy hot. Her judgment interactions, fun to watch.
Hey man what's up, how's life been for you?
Thanks for the judicial advice. Only one last bubble to fill in. Thoughts on Prop 28?
RADIO VISIT - both stopped by this afternoon
Years ago as I was seekin the Lord, He told me that we'd begun The #GreatestLoveAffair It melted my heart =} Nothin compares 2 Knowin Him
Why doesn't #Idol pay for part of the homecomings? They're the ones & the city getting the publicity.
A fond farewell to a friend,Joe Sell,one of the most naturally talented musicians I've ever met passed away.You'll always be missed.
Approx 40 minutes till Monday Happy Hour begins! Come on by & while you’re here, be sure to make your Valentine’s Day Reservations!
what's up with that MIFMIB remix my friend???
thanks for the suggestion. Hope you had a safe trip back, and looks like I'll see you in July in Denver.
is up with her awesome project. I'm not her adviser but this one is still close to my heart.
I also need some aspirin or to go see a doctor. I've had a headache for about two weeks now and it just won't go away.
4/20 tomorrow! So what we get high(;
yeah, smoky bonfire
#meltingfaces I love the law, and if lovin' the law is wrong, I don't want to be right!! Great job guys!
After watching the season finale of #thewalkingdead last night, I can't help but have moments where I'm thankful for no zombie apocalypse
Really old King of the Hill is so well written. Holy crap!
Thanks bud! I Can't wait for it to get here
ShoutOut to ALL of the Haters Sitting & Watching & Hating on #RipTheRunway #RTR !!!
Don't mistake my highness for blindness, although I will avoid you and blame it on being high.
that girl at my game that tried to curse me out. LOLOLOL. pleasee. just
Chi city! Coming home again.
Starbucks and then it's nap time 😌
yea i think so
Taxation WITH representation isn't so hot, either!
Is it just me, or does Zach Randolph look like Eddie Winslow?
you can share!
I've done oil cleansing 4 a while, the trick is using the right oils for your skin + washing it all off!
to visit but ill be there for goon in April. whats ur #
It's terrible. The casting, the dialogue. This show is only saved by quirky plot gimmicks and the wrinkled lady.
Watching some Chloe Moretz videos on YouTube. She's so fantastic!
Hard day at work, I really didn't want to workout afterwards but hung in there and did it anyways.
I FEEL LIKE IM FOLLOWING LA FANS.. seriously! Youre Pens fans.. stop.. put that energy into another PGH team..
np! thats a nice name, where are you from? :)
ahh okay, i'll have to find it haha
I love the red hair!!!! Super cute boo!!
yes, we plan to hook up those that bought the digi w/ a discount on the vinyl.
show support for #teammindless we're in the lead and lets stay in the lead and win!!!!!
I'd favorite your tweet more than once if I could
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken. - Albert Camus
Breakfast sounds nice right about nah!
its annoying when people say their ugly just to get attention.
Filner says he has a detailed jobs plan that focuses on the port, making it a major maritime center of the country.
Caught the comedy special. He had me & rolling! #Josep !
Trying to read this book for school but I keep getting distracted...
u at da game?
In library building design, it's important to expand and emphasize people space.
Who want a innerstate Ike verse? I got u for the low.. Let's wrk! Wats Hatnin ?
Need A New Avi Idea ...
Look on Yelp under Protect Painters Central Austin. You'll see that we're the best! It cost more to fix a mistake then hire quality to start
followed me ! <3 yayy (: just made my day !
Possibly next time I see them
I bottle my emotions cause I don't like when pople give sympathy.
I hear ya. But everyone has their price.
Mercury direct, thank Zeus! Full speed ahead for all! Go chase those dreams now! Y'all hear!!!
thanks zee! Got your entry!! :D
What does the universe have waiting for you today, tomorrow, next week! Gonna be good!
Omg! I was wondering what your tweet on Cinco meant. Congratulations :)
And I've barely been on tumblr 😱. That ain't normal for me
yes I'm not saying he played bad. I just think he is a bad fit. Coming from a goalie in myself. I just don't think he
soccer game tomorrow!
You know you say the word "like" to much when it finds its way into your tweets #oomf ---> "omg like I'm so like pissed"
Spring cleaning in January on a Saturday night. Call me crazy, but it feels right.
haha very nice! Umm could we get pics of you sporting a #surfohio tee by at various Washington landmarks?! !!
reverb nation is like a parent i never had that thinks they know what's best for my band. i can NEVER PLEASE THEM
A wise person does at once, what a fool does at last. Both do the same thing; only at different times.
lmao you're crazy girl!
Videos Coming Soon..
Tanner doesn't know what she's talking about.
Envious of all the high schoolers going to Prom right now.. #bucadibeppo 🍝
#Boycott for helping sponsor the hate, racism & sexism of
Today is praise day at k love radio. Call and request He gave me this day to be played please. Thank u, Eric with Naked Like Adam.
LMAO well with ur girl it's juicy haha
No ! Wtf ? eh...Awkward. Um...I hope it wasn't weird talkign about Jose with you ? :o lmfao. And Victor really ?
Watch out! You're on my list of favorites, too! (no surprise, there, huh?)
you were the man this post season. I am proud to be a NINER fan. I am however not a KW fan right now. All Ways bring it hard
My head is fucking soft...
Now worries, I do appreciate you looking out :) May be unconventional but it works so far as each page serves a dif. purpose.
"The LORD approves of those who are good, but he condemns those who plan wickedness." Proverbs 12:2
VALENTINE COOKIES at GRIND, Library GRIND and EMS GRIND
Spent yesterday at Harpers Ferry, birthplace of the American system of manufacturing: interchangeable parts.
this is his first i'm this game
Pretty quick, I'll need their writing copy & payment to get started. Have them email me and I'll walk them through it
if you're in Oakland and need waxing come see me this Weekend
Its Time for Us To Show Yall We Real Hip-Hop...
My whole body aches;
newbies. With we had nothing else to do.
ESPN deportes better show Pep's speech
Just saw a preliminary study, due to be released, proving that teachers don't teach social studies in elementary school.
. , looking for those photos. Thank you for reaching out.
love it. Life guard and coached there.
Staging a twitter fight with
I don't understand the people who hate on Austin. How can you sit there and judge every little thing about someone you've never even met.
people be koo with u when u around them but they talk ish when they not around
I got my 1D tickets to Seattle 2013 in the mail today! Can I get a woot woot?! :)
Cool! Just to let you know, I'm on vacation next week so I'll try and get the mockups done today.
What up flo can I call you flo
Dear Niners, go out there and take care of business today. I won't be able to watch you guys kick some NY a$$ but I trust you'll handle it.
Trying to memorize tartuffe by Monday!!! Yikes!!
Damn . Just woke up bout to eat some food then start up a couple beats
listening to the October episode of sound project to start the day
Same :( :( Then I'm off to the Ville lol
Ok Twitter I been slackin but I'm back at my followers I can't say everything I'm doin to the public no more but trust me u will see it!
V100 All-Request Cafe is happening right now! Call 345-V100 with your song request or post it on the V100 FB page www.facebook.com/v100fm.
not my fault youve been working
RT : Once you realize everyone is screwed up, it makes life easier
Good morning world! I am dying for eight hours of sleep but fear that I will never have the time.
agreed! do tell.
...and we're back!
“Remember what happened, but know that you cannot move forward while looking backwards
Gonna be a bad ass w/ tomorrow. Sitting in the Senior Section @ not wearing our class colors. BAMF
Did a 2 hour interview on 710 Talk Radio for the song, "Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism." I'll post the play times when available.
To tell a person i love you but im not in love with you to me seems like a way to tell a person go fuck yourself! :D
I love my new underwears! They make my booty all perky lol ;)
LOL!! I have been singing that all day! Word is she got $2M for the commercial.
So close to being able to wash my hands of my taxes.
Core Java Interview Questions and Answers: String concatenation ...
Congrats to #MickeyCasab on an excellent death scene in tonights
thank you
Excited to be headed back to school tomorrow!! Should've got a new outfit lol.
Exciting news, Shauna. Great adventure ahead???
Yay! Have fun! #GoBrewers ": #Brewers Road Crew has arrived in Arizona for #SpringTraining!"
Happy Tuesday, everyone!
I wear a necklace, cause I wanna know when I'm upside down
I would be my wife's hero if I could get you to your new book for her.
lol that's cute.
I find it funny that pressed concert bootleg CDs have the gall to say "unauthorized reproduction prohibited".
- And I'll be looking for you on
The Tent is happening right now in the City Room!
I sleep to an endless loop of Theory of a Deadman.
We loved having you in Milwaukee last month. You were awesome!
I sent my dad gummy army men for Father's Day. To Phoenix. They arrived in a giant ball of gummy.
WTF I was listening to the radio and the song just cut off and some strange beeping noises started playing. ALIENS.
Who is going to watch the #Oscars tonight? So, excited to see what everyone is wearing!
thanks for checking out our jams!
busy week... local show, studio, then hitting the road... come have a drink with us
any #cheese sightings tonight to support Frank?
Thanks brother.
Good luck to the Ravens tonight. Beat the Jets!
Great day. Tony stewart won race yesterday. Deer jerky going on smoker and off to office do catch up on work
Me: Oh, hai Weight Watchers. ~A voice in the background clears throat.~ *turns around* Oh. Hi, Mint Milanos.
we set up a group meeting for 10:30am. i don't wanna have to wait for you cuz you're buying concert tickets...
I hate having to take pills to make myself normal.
#IUsedTo think when a friend said "Anything I can do to help", it wasn't complete and total bullshit.
I luv the most! His personality smile music and now how 2 treat a lady! I luv ya! Plz follow me
We are the burning ones and we will not be contained. Burning ones arise! Come forth!
blood and booze, screw PG!
Glad to hear.
Sweet Jesus check the live Coachella feed on YouTube --- THERE R DUDES PLAYIN COMPUTERS!!!!!!!!!!
Omg it's snowing in NYC in OCTOBER! What is the world coming to??
Without a doubt the thesaurus is my best friend.
Im looking at the "connector" over the person with "titles and degrees"!
OH NO!
On the ground in Austin. Want a burger.
'Harry Potter' Leaves Oscars With Nothing But A Tax Joke
Thanks... I am the limerick laureate of Dawgwood lane.. :-)
hi, so im sending you an invitation to my 15th birthday party, you coming ? <3
Wishing everyone the best of holidays. Start your 2012 at the Winter indoor market every Saturday morning 9-12
But rasins remind me of old people..ewwww lol
STEALING MONEY!!!
Wasn't I just putting on sun screen yesterday? Crazy NW weather...
Hi guys! What's Up? How are you?!
Cara and I have developed a retiring, somewhat defeatist Super Bowl commercial for next year: "It's nap time, America."
Bout to be off to "SDFX 2" Jam I have an automatic spot in the Top 16. Because I won the last pre-jam
so you jinxed them? Damn!
Eager to see what #Google+ will be like.
Rudy Gay is so cute to me
follow back and yall was suppose to come down her5e today!
What is the event about?
I love you Ollie 💜 ✌
Best thing I ever wrote: journals to record the cute things my kids say. The best things in life are free.
thank you Mary :)
Well, it usually ENDs with a bad case of the flu, if nothing else...
We sure will!
“: I can't get enough 's Jalapeno Crisps. I'm going to use them in another recipe today. Stay tuned!”
lol, nope, creating a profile for my S.O...&then I get to the actual application&first thing it asks for is SSN...duh?
yes I know holy crap and cheers homie! (no I am not throwing a Yolo in there) buahahah
like the Am-holes!??
Shit, im about to go download that song
Happy Friday! Be safe out there!
in an ideal world, we'd make decisions considering data on both educational AND social outcomes. But when there's no data...
Nate and Reece told me too !! 😜👍 hahahaha
#YouShouldn't be too cocky, its a #TurnOff sometimes..
hose repair time
Scott Walker
I will be in Lawrenceville, aka #HIPSTERVILLE, so if you see me, say 'I'm #gettingitdone and you might have a #CoorsLight coming your way.
We need ur HELP...drop off ur use athletic shoe @ Durango HS or Help us reach our goal #Durango Project Sole Shoe Drive
o it be windy in
workin on some things jus tryna hold life down. you?
Join us tonight for dinner featuring our 2 for $25! Choose two great entrees for only $25
I close my eyes and imagine I'm home
♬ Cup of tea, positive attitude, sunshine, music, songs, great people, fantastic fans, exceptional friends, who could ask for more ♬
Dressing for rain is hard. I look like a confused hooker going in for her first legit job interview.
yep, presenting Monday, 8:15 am
Learn from and how to “go viral” at #wssmiami using social media & online marketing
no it isn't. I thought the world of him. Praying for you'll and love you'll
": #Libra's love an environment full of glamour and sensuality."
which one? I'll shout 'em out!
Reworking my website and school program flyers--check out the LOVE! www.ILoveYouMoreBook.com
Oh, it's been a while. Upcoming events have been TBA for two years. :)
A great choice for some after-regatta festivities is definitely (and it's within walking distance!)
having a twitter dedicated to
ha RT Touchdown Steelers. "We're streaking!!!!!!!"
Lets just call it myspaceface!!!!
But kay oohhhh
Ramp I got a heater... Need you on...Orphanz™
skip it
Our next show is on Sun., Jan. 29--free! all ages!--with a reception following. Bethel Presbyterian Concert Series in Bethel Park, PA.
I neva Was tha type to break they Heart until they Broke mine ' What goes around comes around Hearts were broken both times - Diiamon'd
T2 Maybe I should just get or to be my PCP... I feel they could meet my medico-political needs :)
You are...I'm just trying to look out for my best-est friend....Your not trusted, yet.! :)
who said??
Learning tips from the Grand Master of Memory, and there are pantyhose in the bushes at my parents' house...
Going to put out a short Minecraft video on my 2nd channel soon!
Lookin for a booking agent and publicist. Dm me your info.
lol lets try to get tickets to see him!! :)
#ImThatPersonWho is unique
I have a healthy obsession with trip hop.
Watching classic reruns of "Saved By The Bell"... Favorite show growing up - thanks for the memories!
One down, five to go. Hook 'em Horns!
> people that don't know how to use roundabouts
According to ExecuNet Recruiter Confidence Index executive emplyment mkt reached 22 month high in April; short-term outook equally optimist…
you were so lovely on live today. Got to see a little bit of your heart.
Goodnight, sweet dreams! :)
Attending Effective Subscription Management and Alternatives. We still have quite a large number of print subscriptions.
Thank you!!! Have a great weekend : )
Off to school :)!
Thanks a lot "Ace". Guess i have to do it on my own.
Dont ask god for things you never had ask him to recieve the things that are yours that he promised to you
I wear red a lot because it matches my eyes.
But I think your original point-that the weirdness of g.s. is that work sometimes looks like leisure-is totally right on.
Sunny and bright - what a great day for travel - on the way to Minneapolis.
“We must rapidly begin the shift from a "thing-oriented" society to a "person-oriented" society."
Forget it. I dont even care anymore. So done.
looks pretty cool! When will it ship?
it said 6060 fuckyou ;) whoever did it was getting personal I didn't know if it was for throwing the football at you lol
TY BOTH My Prayers Have Been Answered! They all contacted me! TY LORD! PLZ KEEP Praying 4 Those Trapped n Indiana
uh yeah... a totally awesome thing I must start doing immediately.
my bad you're not joking. You always try & claim someone is a player.. So I know YOU'RE bullshitting about that bein a joke
haha wouldn't that be the greatest? I think there is some kind of law preventing that, ill look into it though.
J.D. Power and Associates Reports: Home Improvement Retailers Continue to Differentiate Themselves Through Their Staff ...
yes he is! And will always be. Simon is paying respects today also. Follow me so i can send message off wall. Laine
Give , The Centre on Philanthropy in Bermuda, a big warm welcome to the Twittersphere! Via
incredible show. The chemistry you all have together is amazing. Very thought provoking & enjoyable. Great Job, Jay.
Oh i totally agree. Whenever I see behind the scenes, I immediately share it with everyone I know because I'm so excited by it.
Ryan Adams: "the left does not have a monopoly on victims. We're victims of the federal government
You're welcome! Thanks for the kind words! What's been your favorite restaurant from the list?
*sexy sax man skit on SNL* *dies*
Hope everybody had a great weekend! We're looking forward to #HumpDay at for 's performance for
I've got you both by at least a decade + HappyBirthday! great job w/ Marines on Friday Night Fights Semper Fi!
great interview and insight. Thanks for sharing.
yo when ya album droppin? Holla at me i make music videos. I can shoot a video to one of your songs
for someone that hates me so much why are you tweeting at me!?
hello how u
Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new. - Og Mandino #elevate yourslf
Thank you!:D
oh thats right!
Starting to think I shouldn't have taken that two hour nap today.
is worn out from her double water aerobics session this morning but still glad I stuck it out for the whole 2 hours!
I wear mine under my shoe
Some times I don't need the glory.
of course friend 4 life (or until twitter crash)
"U can lead a horse to water but ya cnt make em think ya digs wat I'm sayin I gotta keep it nice n greasy round this peace!" Money mike haha
Dam you only came with me so you could smoke. And then as soon as I'm not getting a g. You want to leave. True bestfriend.
No other modeling book out there even touches on what you talk about!
I will Never forget you You're in my Heart :** <3
just waiting for the hook now and its a wrap fans i want to thank y'all for the support and all the above
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Teenagers and College Students from all across the Charlotte area to come sell their gently used clothes to us!! :)
u guys crack me up!
bahahaha. i love you. that's perfect.
Amen to that! Happy Sunday! :)
I'm jus makin moves dolo..
I JUST saw that. Still can't see how they killed a guy....
Give a man an inch and he takes a mile. Give a girl an inch and she'll run a mile...and then tell all her friends.
Lots of opportunities to improve mobile interactions - where to start?!
Here's to the Mahomies who already know the lyrics to #SAYSOMETHIN by: <3 (:
America's Money Now is an awesome talk show. Find them on FB Page. :)
Diablo 3 servers down until about 1:30pm Pacific. Well… I guess that means I have no excuse not to do some work.
Oh i know, words of a ninja. Put em' in the history book. They'll come up in life... Hahha.
Indeed! RT : This is a perfectly beautiful moment to live, so give life the best that you have. ~ Unknown
The Heat should put a dog tazing collar on Chalmers w/ a remote & 1 of the ass. coaches presses it every time he does a stupid thing.
'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all
Wow, the author is so angry.
#CNNDebate ugh, Republicans suck!
doing la jolla half marathon, anyone want to come watch??
don't juice mushrooms ...tastes like feet (not that i know what feet taste like, but i'm estimating)
I feel like death, and I'm working. :(
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend
You don't understand how adorable you are.
I meant Dwight isnt trying to play tonight. He and Blake are over rated. Orlando can have bitch ass.
oh that's early /: haha my mom likes Damon and Jeremy more than Stefan lol-.-
learn about career opps in retail mgmt/HR in DC,AZ,TX,IL,MO, NJ, MD,VA,& AR by following me
I just read the best thing :D
have u been working at odd hours and eating horribly? That's how I got my Flu that put me on my A$$.
Jimmy johns should only hire females.
im sad.....anyone wanna give me a hug?
Currently rereading 'Mirrors' by Eduardo Galeano.
I'd be very interested in iPad workflow and tips over breakfast tomorrow
90 on Saturday.
TWITCAM YOU LITTLE WHITE CHINNED GANGSTER BUNNY
pissed to the max is wat it is bro I'm leavin next Thursday
you know it. ;)
hangin' @ hachi with family and friends
Hi there! Life is complicated but good. Finding my way. Still. How about you?
#USCricket need 31 runs from 24 balls to win. Nadkarni, who has been a bright spot fo the US, isn't playing today. Any 1 know why?
Feels like day one all over again!
nice, text pics.
Not in the mood for beer? Then head to galeria's on Broadway in #Seattle for half off #margaritas ! Time to cure your case of the #Mondays !
Great article, thanks for passing it along! And to answer your questions: yes!
That seventh grade French elective is really paying off today!
escape! time for dinner, pie making, and dancing!
For a sec., I thought I heard #ontheair. Alas, it was only & impersonating that singular voice.
'Tomorrow night, Pinky,we will come up with a new plan. One that isn't foiled by the atomic weight of gold.' ~ The Brain
If I don't have a place of my own, someone decent in my life, and some sort of schooling by this summer, I'm joining the Air Force.
The Office of the Registrar is LIVE on Twitter! Follow us for important deadline reminders, enrollment updates, and much more.
Oh... well I just wanted a break from Twitter This phone sucks the Touch Screen is slow like....
long time :-). I use logic.
Eating champ with organic scallions from my very own windowsill garden. *(^.^)* yummy yummy <3
Ladies Night $1 drinks and Live Jazz/Funk/Soul Music every Wednesday , who's stopping by this week??
so excited big electronic acts are comin back to Summerfest!! Just please don't schedule #PaulOakenfold & #Tiesto the same nite!
SHOUT OUT TO LILKIM AND MANY BLESSINGS, SO BEAUTIFUL
Three things are needed for a good life, good friends, good food, and good song
These are the playoffs...unless a Van Gundy starts humping your leg, let them go at it!!!
super excited to read it :)
The Pope has arrived in Santiago de Cuba. Raul Castro is welcoming him, calls Cuba/Vatican relationship "very good"
so it's filled with walkers basically?
Skinny = anorexic , thick = obese , virgin = too good , non-virgin = slut , friendly = fake , quiet = rude. You can never please society.
Support Group at your service
for a very important project in smart metering & LCA / logistics... Smart grid applications on LCA & supply chain energy reduction
Great to hear from you. I'm happy to see you working on #Wiunion organizing. The fight needs talented people like you.
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the day are Broccoli and Mushroom. Sugar Free Lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
fun quiz to help remember which their/there/they're to use.
seeing #slowdanceinmidtown with !
playing halo
Sorry that there's no post today. I've been busy with birthday things! :-)
Yo shy get Jimmy Johns for tha fifth night inna row? Or a Burger from Fridays? Ps yu a beast ryt now
but not the gstj app! It's better 
Office holiday party. I mean, if you want to pay me to hang out with you, that's fine.
#DearWeekend can you please bring back the sunshine?
watching the second year mfas do the scottish play !
HES SEXY AND HE KNOWS IT
leon thomas and daniella for me. and davis cleveland, bella thorne, and zendaya. are you followed by any celebrities?
im flattered
Do you have a special story to share with us regarding your aroma diffuser? Share your experience by mentioning us
long time no talk tho
Suspected operational head of al-Qaida arrested at Cairo airport, Egyptian security sources tell NBC News
“ #Pretty Boy Life I love my followers !!!!”
Thanks Bob, We are very excited for the shows this weekend!
Gooch making his first start for Sporting Lisbon today, though club is down currently down 2-0 to Paço de Ferreira.
Thank you so much. Let us know if you have any questions about the designs :)
Lynda.com and I are having an intense weekend together.
don't say how are the kids I feel so awkward *christina the cuban*
follow me please i love you so much <3 [
You are an amazing man DW! You inspire me to be successful! We've met several times and everytime, you're the same! Never fake...
"you make me sick. You'll see them this summer!!"
I'm watching man TV with the men.
RT I'm all for having confidence but crop tops aren't for everyone
RT : shooting set at if you're gonna be there come say hi & you might make it on
Thats awesome!! Say hello from me :)
my tongue feels like beef jerky
I'm completely dry thanks though at least I know who you are hahaha
yea... Lol I usually don't have feelings at all..
if you want really funny tweets then follow and
holy shit that new wasp they found is huge
UPS guy just dropped off my new pair of brown suede Clarks!
I like your blog.
tonight is the last night of this shoot. In LA the 15
SOO MUCH LOVE TO EVERYBODY WHO FOLLOWED hope you enjoy the track as much as I do!
what's wrong?
Haven't tried that 1. " I'm a brownie and chocolate chip freak
Who is the best summertime band?
Thanks everyone for all the great feedback on episode 13, our Desire reflections. Can't wait to record part 2!
Ok, it's official: is the most honest, sweeping portrayal of humanity in the history of any medium.
#COUPON: 20% off any #jewelry repair service. Mention this tweet to cashier to redeem! #Paradise Valley Mall
I had a feeling someone would think so..the things I think about while doing laundry haha! 
Had my first HF QSO tonight. My fellow #HamRadio geeks will appreciate that. But still a few antenna tuner woes.
We have to #preserve even items created using #proprietary software. That might mean buying the software.
A lot of great tweeting on #CIFswim, #CIFtrack, & #RCCsoftball by & this weekend.
Okc Need To Beat The Celtics Tonight :)
Dear <internet retailer>, please don't mass-email me about a sale on products that aren't listed on your site yet. Am I supposed to guess?
Hey, what are you guys talking about in the History of Now session?
hmm that must be fun. do you watch canadian idol?
you're doing some heavy lifting running point on race conversation...appreciated...!
MT : Chun: networks spatialize temporal, to map impossible totalities, but also engender the unpredictable future.
That one person you can trust>>>
Don’t miss out on the auction everyone is already talking about. Coming to
Saw gripe about vendor doing "Harry Potter" search at an academic. Just had one do it. Must warn; academic librarians pretentious.
Gotta love small towns - call for an eye doc appointment, getting in tomorrow. None of this waiting weeks big-city crap.
Not a Smith fan either. I'd enjoy Curry a lot. Gets to the QB. Like Crick but don't see the JJ Watt comparison.
Dos Santos comes out to Rocky theme music...the original..not Survivor.
:/ oh man...sorry. Like I said though, don't let it get to you. And you are unblockable to a lot of other people :)
I.S.D. Locksmith Pacific Beach offer up to 50% on local Locksmith services: $15 re-key ur Locks, $45 Lockouts services
Do do do do do FORTY FIVE FORTY SEVEN!
New Release. Bachata with Trombones......
And that's your ballgame. 3-1 Mariners in 11 innings. Ichiro gets 5 hits in home country. All-nighter was worth it. HAPPY BASEBALL SEASON!
Don't know what I'm doing tonight
The iEconomy: Apple x2019;s iPad and the Human Costs for Workers in China
Congrats to the #badgers on a great season
Happy that Manny is going home! I hope the Sox can keep going.
I nominate Ed Flynn for city superhero ...
#DearGod thank you 4 another day to pursue my passions & fulfill my purpose. Give me the patience to deal w/ppl & a heart of humility.
hope you feel better beautiful!
Braun should come to the plate while Paul McCartney and Wings plays
request sent
Oh! It is fun :) It'll be my third time going this year. I'm hoping my friends in TCOA get to play
Hey, sorry it took so long to respond. Can you tell me a bit about your business?
Nothing like starting the week off right with 's spinning class/hell! Id say everyone should join but I'm possessive of good classes
Get this title back brauhma bull
you are SLAYING me, girl! Thanks for the chuckles.
#Imagine You're lying on the couch with Liam's arms around you and your eyes closes. Liam kisses your cheek and says:''You're beautiful.''
I have the perfect track for you produced by Boss Doss at CoRic Music get at me. Keep doing it on em! Dopest female in hiphop!
mane I'm n Miss.
"Higher education cannot be a luxury." Yesssireee!
I hate it when you have to do that! ;) RT : Forgot about the headache of the tin foil
I will! All good!
Girl Scouts at Fair Oaks Raley's = future leaders. 5 customers deep & they don't miss a beat, still catching anyone walking by
Thank you and especially who made this visit to Nashville my most memorable.<3
So sad to miss #artstechsf first meet up tonight :( folks, take photos and have a drink for me!
My hair is acting up today. :P Oh wait... I'm a guitar. xD I don't have hair! Psh.. xD Wait.. How am I typing?! O.o
If he was a mistake u were the biggest mistake ever and I regret it all
Wow, so close yet see/hear/smell nothing RT : Firefighters on the scene 77 Underwood street NW with heavy fire on the second floor
Spring is fast approaching. Make sure you have all of your outdoor gear ready for all of your outdoor activities.
I ordered mine last night. I rule.
Facebook is Lame. GO TWITTER!
i need answers! >:[
When oh when will we able to charge through wifi?
How many of u guys forreal honestly would've fucked the white girl in the movie
Exactly. Offer them a few G's over minimum and Josh Butler. RT : Trade for him.
RT : We’re excited to help more farmers’ markets welcome SNAP customers–this is good for low-income families & helps boost...
So my Mini dance studio will be ready on Dec 19th!!! Excited
hey honey!! Glad ur feeling well!
“Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.”
That is very possible, but I always felt that it was just empty!
good to k ow Ricardo. Good to know.
THIS FOLLOWING LIMIT WTF?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! IS THAT?!?!?!?!?! HONESTLY ITS DUMB.. so anyone who is following me that i aint following back srry
Have an #Empowering Day Ms. S!! #EmpoweringWomen #Fuchsia Muahs
do we get a two hour delay?? That wld be great if we did :-)
HI I LOVE U
hey just got a new samsung gravity this phone is awesome
u geh a excuse thats why
The countdown begins, Boombozz number 6 in Indy is getting ready to set sail. Best Pizza by Food Network. 24 beer taps, 9 of them local.
I loved that piece.
game of thrones?
What I dream of? Yes, just to live...breathe ...love ...and know that I loved! And appreciate every moment...Because our life is unique...
Reasons why im wierd- my cat tried to eat my fish
~When you feel discouraged about yourself or your circumstances, remember that God made you and loves you just the way you are.~
Happy Birthday <3 :D
dear mom, is it really necessary for you to say "I wonder how your friend is doing" every time I mention work? I DON'T KNOW AND DON'T CARE.
iight man haha are you staying the whole show
my mike smackin =)
Thanks guys! RT : Showing love and appreciation to for the follow. Online music mag out in Seattle!
Would you be willing to change your whole outlook?
the blinds wide open so he can see you in the dark when your sleeping.
I get very, VERY excited when I see a group of Amish people. Like, what are you doing? You're AMISH? That's still a thing? Really?!
what is that?
I only play the kinect sports 1 & 2, they're a lot of fun though
Monday morning blues getting you down? Take that plastic bag off your head, silly!
thanks dearie! i was thinking late summer? saving my pennies for South America!
So many kids receiving free swimming lessons today- and USA Swimming Foundation gave Chula Vista $5,000 to educate more instructors
Up. Agenda: Completion of packing/cleaning, shower, bagels, and eventually, HOME!
(Also) Today in Literary History: Nobel-prize winning author John Steinbeck ("The Grapes of Wrath") was born in Salinas, CA in 1902.
kasha would look great in that!!
I stand corrected--who needs the Stratosphere rooftop coaster when you have the SFO parking structure. Thx for braving that. :)
I have a weird crush on Capt. Sig Hansen.
Im sorry for everything . Every single mistake ive made . Im sorry.
Stale Oreos are the bomb.
ANYONE WHO GIVES ME ANY KIND OF SHOUT OUTS ... ILL GIVE Y'ALL A SHOUT OUT RIGHT BACK!:) so, have those shoutouts coming!!! :D #thanksguys!
Can my Mother in-law ever act like there's not a stick up her ass when she see's me? Didn't think so.
Anthony Bennett throws down a similar behind-the-back alley-oop for 63 points.
Then we told each other the thoughts and feelings that were underneath our reactions
A warm greeting to and thank you for following Tom Shaw Trio!!
Just started watching 'Archer,' so I guess now I don't have to try crack.
hate it sometimes when lil boys have to grow up its sad
I just want something great, something new, something thats all for me 😳
That sounds absolutely amazing Mark!! So will you be going like all over the states for it?
How can Sen Manchin vote against the women of WV?????? Thank you Sen Rockefeller.
so true. Yet their silence speaks volumes. And not necessarily in the good ways. :)
URBAN DICTIONARY: "Girl Bye" TRANSLATION: Most commonly used after one female is in a friendly disagreement with another female.
thanks :). Glad you love them! Can't wait for the save the dates and invitations.
what a shame Satchel Paige could not have had a long MLB career! No telling what he would have accomplished.
360 people who can't see anything in shibuya who can't see anything coming because they have keitai two inches from their face.
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat
Sometimes to win, you've got to sin. Don't mean I'm not a believer.
We will actually be closed for the Super Bowl. But we will open for normal hours on Monday.
Nice! If I had to get a new one, that's definitely the color I would get. And yes, always always lock her up!!!!
I'm the world's biggest bandwagon Pacers fan lol
You drive me insane.. After i walk away you make effort.
waiting eagerly!
Bronco defense needs to be revamped, re-tooled and OMG...get someone who can stop the run
#kids Gospel Mass / Services: Gospel Mass / Services Sunday, May 20, 2012 at 10:00 AM Our Mother of Mercy 1001 East Terrell Ave., Fort...
We're taking a break from recording this week to prepare for The Weekly Current 2.0. Send us some songs, yo.
Haha! I heard Spicy Buffalo and Bleu Cheese wafers were the new thing! RT : Washing my hands before communion
bought myself shoes with (my) money. hahah.
If April showers bring May flowers…what brought the April showers?
Our pets heads are falling off!
"I arise... torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day." - E. B. White
Socialjusticesexuality.com to find out more about us!!!!! *(-_-)*
Do you have a schedule?
Fashion is what you adopt when you don't know who you are
I wouldn't get any work done there, I'd look out the window all day
I am so so so blessed tonight I had the wonderful opportunity of meeting the talented Alan and Marilyn Bergman!
Hate Mondays. & it's not even Monday yet!
RT : Four key players to watch who must respond at Final Four are Elijah Johnson, Kyle Kuric, Marquis Teague & William Buford.
1st question is to Gayla Jamison: How does she organize her crews for international production? Also when do you decide to use subtitles
Psalms 119 is a faith decree of epic proportions.... speak in agreement with these words out loud and charge your inner man.
team salty
you're apart I'd it in spirit...?...
I see youu , lol I'm tryna get back up there once I get my shit right .
RT RT "Turn your phone off!" "Pshh, like that's going to happen!" *puts phone on vibrate*
Sniper elite v2... Oh my goodness
i dont lick balls. sorry
I LOVE when teams do the "White Out" t-shirt thing. Memphis came up with a fresh idea today
Hot, hot conditions predicted for Monday's Boston Marathon. It's like 1908 all over again....
24 hours is just not enough time in a day for me to do what I gotta do.
Btw this is also a construction zone. Awesome
We here are so curious.....what did your Girl Scout Troop think?
Ofcourse! Hey, this is your two week warning until I'm in town! Let's do something fun!
Secret of life is being able to have an ironic attitude about constant change of manners but still have attachment 2 our values -
Breakfast club to cap off a long week!
She says she wants my heat..
Anyone that's following this account
I'm up guess ill pray, that's the best time 2 pray early n the morning :)
Today is #National Champagne Day & game 7 World Series. How perfect!? #go Rangers! Tonight-costume party, bubbly, game watching!!
This rain got me thinking tho
yeah it didn't sound too good, I listened anyway and it was great to hear you get it fixed
Go and follow , she play in JONAS LA !
Night at home drinkin' and listening to pandora.
i procrastinate so much it's not even funny
Merry Christmas to you and your family!
Just gave my mom flowers and now taking her out to breakfast. (:
The time stuff is really cool (that's what I've been working on this AM actually)-- are you aware of the 'lubridate' package?
Working on hand2ear.mp.
Now taking dates for appearances, speaking engagements, competitions at schools, juvenile detention centers, etc.
Long, long day.
you gone crazy
thanks,glad you liked it.
Yes. Worked with the programming team on slotting on the films. Moving up... A little.
Here we go! Cats Cats Cats!
Had a great time with family and friends in FL. Good to be back in the Big Apple.
To all u bum niggas&pussy hoes who throw dirt on my name ---->
You're a RockStar! “: hands on hair cutting class was a success yesterday. Now off to Nashville to rock the stage...
No one will be talking about Pinterest this time next year. True or False?
Crewtide: crowdsourced viral video. We help indie filmmakers enter $60B industry of branded storytelling.
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. ~ Dwight Eisenhower
Ha hell nah
I totally agree. They did sign up for contact football but the equipment that's being used is cheap IMO and they don't tackle
Just told one of my students I remember the days before Facebook. He looked shocked and said, "I didn't know you were THAT old."
How late is party on 21st? Flying back from conference that night. Ill make sure team is there though!
WORD ♥ Same Here Boy ,
omg if he did (which maybe he did, you never know) that would be so awesome!
Hurry & make your way down to ! Happy hour is almost done! Come and check out our various food items and don't forget $1 Olympia!
Americans will spend more in taxes in 2012 than they will on housing, food, and clothing combined.
It's 2012, #TheKilling. You don't get to go up to the gate without a ticket. Ridiculous.
Ghana Imports Wood
"SALSA ES LO QUE HAY" @ 10 PM EST. DJ REY BORICUA IN THE HOUSE!!! JOIN THE CHAT!!! NO SE LO PIERDAN!
It'd be so much easier if people just stop assuming I can guess what they want from me.
Chas bono is in dwts and he is in it to.stay , haters find.something more productive to do , he is just another human being ...
Father, son charged
Game of Loans: Compound Interest, Compound Fractures, and Mafioso Lending Practices
No kobe;) we will. See how Blake do
Ray J's penis was longer than Kim Kardashian's marriage... Just sayin'
Frankie Bailey signed on to #marc11 #tweetchat - desginer/web programmer and small business owner looking to give back!
It's Friday Fun day! What are you doing this weekend?
r.i.p bestfriend r.i.p shawn
three dates with WHO?????? Shed never cheat on me
Great day ,(: rae gets to come over this weekend ,(: #lovin'it
I work for the MN Historical Society. Plus I get excited about the overlap between content/digital/visitors/users, too.
Anyone know where #USA #cricket kit (team shirts) might be available for sale? I mean, other than FantasyLand?
why aren't you in Houstron for the #TRAIL meeting?
Highest excellence is like water in its benefiting all things and in its occupying w/o striving the low place which all men dislike. Lao Tzu
Stephen Joyce will howl!~Don
I miss summer 2011 with 💔
i ms you
Went to drive husband's car today, and miraculously the gas tank was not on empty.
We update our website all the time-- today even. It's at 5thavenuecinema.org Sign up for our mailing list at our 1st show!
Love watching #Oscar speeches like Octavia Spencer's. The emotion is just amazing... what an awesome feeling to achieve something so great!
My serve was on just now. Love that feeling.
Don't worry, I have not forgotten about you. :) Things have finally slowed down, so review copy coming soon!
Why are you always breaking my heart? </3 I was there for you, when NO ONE ELSE WAS! Now I hear your with a guy, it breaks my heart...thanks
glad to see the geffen moca is a repurposed warehouse... speaks to my inner miser
i love you <3
. not sure why anyone would consider taking beverage advice from someone who can't even spell "succumb."
- I'm impressed with all of your running! "Keep on truckin'."
Going to 5th period when there is 8 minutes left and knowing the 3 pages I was working on are done >>>>
My intern started looking into that for me Monday.
Is it the Bahamas? Oh, please let it be the Bahamas.
Exciting talk with a documentary producer about small businesses in America. We want to call it "This land is made 4MeNU" obvi.
: did you get my facebook note?
Hehe no worries (: x
a panorama app in the iphone store. Its free. Better than the last one I had.
"You have a very powerful mind that can make anything happen as long as you keep yourself centered." ~Dr. Wayne W. Dyer~
hi food friends - looking for some healthy cooking blogs, can you recommend a few?
Today is the first day of the summer term! A warm welcome to all new and returning students!
Me: would u love me if I had one arm? Bf: I'd love u if u had no arms Me:<3
Look forward to seeing you tonight!:)
lmao. oh wow
Meech started drinking plus he aready did give a fuck so he really started gettin JUICED UP, Meech Dogg JUICED UP on youtube...
I sure am talking a lot about drugs lately.
truly the dream
Thanks to and 12K people showed for an awesome exhibition game in Toledo. Great way to start the season.
Idk..we just ordered pizza
#FF Follow them! They are the Best so Hit the follow button! :)
Hard work builds character..whether you like what you are doing or not
The bible is more than a coaster for your coffee, a place to hide a note or decoration in your room. The bible is inspired.
Ok cool! Dad loves MP and got me hooked on it.
i forgot how stupid twitter was...
youtube is messed up. every time i go on it to watch a new video it says there have only been 301 views when in reality it's like 1 mil -_-
One of those days! Just listening to Drake's Take Care featuring Rihanna! It really gets me so I'm checking out the video on youtube....:)!
lol fine can't wait to hear!!
i cut my mouth today.. ..with a spoon, shit gettin' dangerous !
the ps3 game tester is valuable because they need to know how the members of their target market think and what they look for in videogames
God Bless U Bruce Jenner
RT: : Today’s the day! Join us for a FREE Disney concert with Tay Barton at 1:30 pm! Which is your child’s favorite song of hers?
IK MY ICON IS PURE SEX!!!;)
facebook is kindy of beter then twitter o im just kiding k lol
We are hosting all 56 MarineMax locations this week for the Proprietor's Club Manager's Meeting here at Lake of the Ozarks! That's an honor.
On my way to Verizon Center for Caps-Rangers game. Weird to be going to hockey when it's 80 degrees.
Well you know it's hard to recall things that were boring. Kinda the point of being bored by them...
Is this something new for Chicago? I figured it was like that every year.
Welcome to our Twitter page. Be sure to hit the "Follow" button to stay plugged into our upcoming spring deals!
In 3 years of going back and forth to MI from WV, we've never hit much traffic. Today? Insane amounts. So aggravating.
Good tip.
glance left
We got some great new edibles in over the weekend....good timing b/c it's 20% off all edibles all day Monday!
Hell yah! I wud be soo pissed if some one hurt Vinny or one of them!
interviewing for a roommate with is a bizarre concept
i was watching it and im like whats the name of this movie cause theres no commercials u had the answer
My dreams of a career at SeaWorld are over. They dug into my past and found out about my crimes against a manatee.
We took a back road, we're gonna look at the stars, we took a back road in my car.
Dear You MUST retweet if not for the LOLs!!!
Zimmerman's brother shouldn't have come on TV... unprepared dumb $
Sweet! Let us know when you get that going and how the results turn out! ;) cc:
doesnt shave, his beard grows to the perfect length and stops.
did you know if you say "orange" really slowly it sounds like your saying gullible?
Damn. Best steak I ever had from #BOA #merrychristmas to me. Thanks for a wild night.
Thanks, Dan! How've you been??
I really want to go to the beach! Anybody wanna take me to Florida? I'll love you forever!
Trained quads tues an they are still screaming at me right now.
Sleigh Bells: gave me goosebumps right outta the gate!
#ARealBoyfriend always puts her first
Welcome to WI!!! Can't wait to see you don the Green and Gold! Very excited to see what you will do! GO PACK!!!
love the pick the highest klout score app!
it says you follow me !
Hey San Fran! Come get some of our prints, tees, stationery and other goodies at today & tomorrow!!!
Anyone else playing "Hanging With Friends?" Hit me up - greenestman
#teamjacob...He's the better guy. Let the melee begin!!
RT : Re Q4 - Aleks, Knewton, LearnSmart and even GRE & SAT are all examples of adaptive products that are out there
Thanks so much!
boy it was like heaven in a nigga's mouth.
He gave me hope. He made me believe. He saved me. And HE is Austin Mahone.
To succeed in business, to reach the top, an individual must know all it is possible to know about that business. -J. Paul Getty
Amor est vitae essentia => Love is the essence of life
Republicans like hate gay people so much they have given up doing any of the people's business if it means gays get any rights.
Big congrats to for completing your undergrad degree!! #You'reAwesome
Many face insurance gaps new study by The Commonwealth Fund shows - and for the most part, people went without health insurance because t
Well are depositing your winnings?
Outside coffee run wearing my library staff badge: Little girl asks "is that a picture of you?" Yes! "Then why are you wearing it?"
dancersaurous.... is a dancing dinosaur..therfore I too, am a dancersaurous
Authenticity = saying and doing the things you ACTUALLY believe.
I barely understand most of what she's saying but it all sounds so nasty
It's my pleasure. Looking forward to your tweets!
Your welcome,what do you do?
I'm tired of goin out smh
Thanks!!!! Hey, will we see you at Taste if the Nation?
So there I was no crap, sleeping in my car... had a crazy dream... and started writing... i wonder if this is how inspiration starts lol
Awwwh he misses me ♥
The Bible is trucked full of lifecoaches that are free; and you really don't need a lifecoach that isn't the holyghost
Yayt brother and his gf is here right now!!!
I want you to make me feel like I'm the only gay in the world. Like I'm the only one you're gonna blow... Wait.. That was dirty. Lol
All of my email exchanges with my boss today have been done in sticky caps. I will never have a better job.
Is debating.....
You really know how to put a smile on someone's face.
Time 2 pick up all of our broken pieces & let God make us Stronger, & Wiser with them. We'll never be the same. #BeBlessed:)
Awe okay, we shall go see it! :)
Im thinking location & privacy can go hand in hand. Do I really want people to know where I am? Might update #foursquare as I leave
In Nova Scotia, a regional magazine went for something more permanent than a day-long event… like “bricks-and-mortar” permanent
Founder & Former CEO of Travelocity.com will present "The Business of Innovation" @ Roadmap11 on 5.19! Register now: www.roadmap11.com!
- great things ahead in Austin, tx for - will miss SF!
#tabletalk is on the air now in for some savory convos
Wow. That's so like something my dog would do. Good luck.
naw, something else entirely.
hahaha, I wish I was there. I would've busted out laughing. Anyways what does Ms. George look like?
But I hvent been on the computer..... I'll try again right now ^_^
real talk from real people is worth real listening...
wrong! Owen hart is the best heels ever!
You will know that forgiveness has begun when you recall those who hurt you and feel the power to wish them well
T-10 minutes until appears! My crappy week is about to turn around.
hey stranger
not possible... their can be only one riehl deal!
theblack-crown.com updated right now check it out!!!
Second cig since I've been in bed. I don't even smoke cigs
that is excellent news. I was reading the manuscript this weekend and look forward to seeing it in print.
thanks for the invite.
don't get me started. :) good enough.
I was hella outta pocket last night to #oomf but she always has something to say about my sexuality.
Nice to have met you IRL! :]
I'm pretty sure you got them beat over at Wally world
W Jake from airforce, Out on deck, east side (right when come outside). Meet us out here?
I love grant too. Seems like a lost cause...
Im hands like a iPhone or a laptop or a iPad/so I make money like a ball player so my pockets look like thigh pads/-Gucci Mane
IF you want to know what's going on financially, and well below the radar, check out www.zerohedge.com .... absolutely fantastic stuff
But are there kumquats? cc
To tumblr or not to tumblr is the question- I'm so behind in technology
