so gOrGeOuS!!!! Love your dress and shoes!!!
You guys are awesome! I am showered and feeling much more human! Thanks!
we're getting there! Very soon!!
I live everyday like its my last. Sorry I like to have fun and not give a fuck about what you have to say or think about me.
happy birthday!!!
I just texted you! Omg ik I have so much to tell you!(: I miss talking to you!
Nice meeting you, too! :)
glad the fans are making the rounds #hotchella! Ooh pix!! Xx
bout to get on that #NoGenre tomorrow
Dodgers fall to the brewers in extra innings final score 3-2
RT: If all things, people and thoughts are energy, what will be your energy today?
If u're doing is what's right for u, it is not work, even if u're getting paid 4 it. If it isn't right, it's usually damn hard work.
how can I help you today ? Christopher / / 602.573.4157
The new girl on espn!! <333333
Songs I'm unsick of: Rolling In The Deep. No judging.
What e-mail should I send it to? Does your King's e-mail work still?
Our life goes out of balance when we try and control our own lives ... Let Go and Let God
I hope u get better sorry I couldn't tel u that earlier I had to help someone so I just wanted to say get well and I love u :)
What's good homie?Tryna link/collab if u are up to workin w/ new producers/writers! Where can I send u some work to check out?
I will definitely. I haven't been in this situation where I've needed someone to do simple things for me like help me with a >
exactly. Hey I'm at a hospital. Imma call you when I leave
A6 Sometimes we bring our recycling back home with us on a road trip.
u should shout out my middle schools team tommorrow night, we doing our end of season basketball party at blazers game
was tonight the only nite u were going to see the play?
it's definitely my favorite part of baseball so far. I got a scary amount done during that game.
Just finished working out at the finch
BOA froze my account and won't let me get my money! Giving to the government tomorrow unless mom files forms re:name change? Help
Wonderful class last night. Thank you (as always)!
I swear #oomf makes it their daily goal to piss me off
and from the crew will be at Pier 45 this evening to network with Who else will be there?
best of luck!
I gotta stop
Is it too early to say....BALL GAME??? These boys are gettin done bad... Any chance for a Laker comeback this game? Doubtful I think...
you're welcome
How are my Twins looking?!?!
also check out his mos dub album
yea to be honest, it bothers me greatly. I wanted all three of my daughters to become nuns, or lesbians.
nice. She will be missed!
Teacher:Dickenzy me:ayy that's my slave name
i think it's called glasses
four more hours for what?
who do u miss
Thanks Followers! Crossed the 2000 threshold last week. Thanks for your support for #Microsoft #Exchange Migration Services.
“: some friends and I have had that on a shared google docs of "date ideas" for a while! yes. Link me!!
Great! :) we're covering the July 19th date so we'll see you there!
roll out soon please follow us for updates! and like our facebook page too! DETROPIA THE FILM
Good, that'd be such an ugly scene
If the feelings aren't there, you shouldn't be either.
I love the narrow and silly ways the "black agenda" gets defined
Just scheduled my fall staycation!! So happy to have something to look forward to!!
Pooping in the dark sucks.
pretty much at peace with the flow right now. Not about apathy, isn't required. By the time needed?, would need redone.
Staring art my new Artoday. I will not be intimidated....
Many people look forward to the New Year for a new start on old habits.
Nice pants. Can I test the zipper?
I was quite pleasantly surprised:) you did a fantastic job putting that together!
Ill take you to the shady lady, make time for it... haha
Who wants to talk :-)
thanks for the RT ;)
f*****ck that movie!
LEGGO....Last nite woke something up in me that I didn't realize I had. Let's keep this unity alive fam & work work work.
"The fragrance of flowers spreads only in the direction of the wind. But the goodness of a person spreads in all direction."
Been to our team nottingham meeting today to organise our events at #MIPIM. If u are going to MIPIM contact us to meet up.
what's with the "thicker/longer" ad on your station? Don't tell me you're trying that too?!!!!
Cool, invite me over! Sure beats in bed with fever. RT : Somebody next door is playing the heaviest of metal in all the land
just started receiving the mailing and am so impressed. Thank you!
"High expectations are the key to everything"~ Sam Walton
How's everyone doing tonight?
Welcome to Twitter, Kristin!
the festival was amazing! i competed in Cheerleading ! hope we compete there again !
good morning everyone! I did have a better sleep. Gotta go have some breakfast now! Pancakes...yummy!
Haha maybe next time!
free download of our first EP and new single on our website www.lazercake.com
awkward turtles yep
Grammatical error.. Going to fast and not rereading
Histriock My Body >
Why thank you doll :) That means a lot, seriously
Almost to 50 likes! :) Next person who likes Saver Gator gets 4 tickets to an Indians Game!
Thank you and everyone else, too many people to tweet who helped make this weekend! Can't wait to chill again soon =P
Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough
Wow, just did my good deeds for the week. Leaving HRH and people ask for help jumpin battery...Then their dog escapes and I went and got it.
Alright Patriots lets make this game your b***h! :D
Ok Carlos is defenetly learning how to swimm
Hell yea I got it tym to du my thang
The hottest chat line Miami,Texas,NYC,Cali,and all of Latin America web cam or no web cam esta caliente la cosa live from Bayside@ da 305
joke joke joke :D
the scourge? No! Gimmicky? Yes! We have gotten too far away from good single player experiences in the name of motion/multiplayer!
so sad to have missed it - sounds like it was awesome!
How the fuck do I do these twitter backgrounds? Shit is harder than MySpace was -____-
Come on tmobile, draw something doesnt open on my phone anymore. Ugh
DID I TELL U GUYS I WAS IN CHURCH IM FINNA PASS OUT
Gina, do you know when the new parking garage will open at hard rock?
Funny how wrong spelled Terrance J (TerrEnce ) was trending and fake account popped up trying to get artists to DM them. lmao
Erin say Johnny Cupcakes!
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes. - Benjamin Franklin
self confidence: ability to look at the world without the need to find signs that prove you right. - nassim taleb
#whenihavekids I'm homeschooling. I don't trust the public school system.
Thanks for RT the other day about Ward's & Irish Fest! You won 2 tixs.
Premier league title comes down to Man United and Chelsea. They've won 13 of the 17 #EPL titles between the two of them!
Being an airline brat isnt all it's cracked up to be. Trapped yet again :/ ...Least I get to bother miss for the evening ✈❤💃
some people call it hag on your back
Jon Luther keynote speaker straight talk on Dunkin Brands.
tomorrow, the cmc board goes away to the woods for 2 days of strategic planning. and possibly a cocktail or two. :)
ARGH. I wonder how much aggregate time of your life is wasted in contract negotiations. Blech.
Contributions are starting to roll in! Two anonymous $200 donations! I hope that we can keep the momentum up!
Goodnight Justin (:
Lol how's school been? :')
Studies show breakfast eaters eat fewer calories over the course of the day and therefore have better success in weight loss and control.
Joesph it was a pleasure speaking with you!
#leavehim if he wants sell drugs forever and yall have kids
Anybody know who's speaking at #TEDxMileHigh this month?
is the shit!
We would love to see you again!
I'm always amazed at the lack of basketball IQ out there. Then no one tweets back and I wonder if I'm losing it. So thank you.
Thanks for the Follow, Chris!
It's clearly a ticket from the future!
Just found I can laugh until I cry in the midst of being depressed. Fuck nothing makes sense.
Has anyone else notice everything is better than ever?
God is a lot like a coach & he will pull you aside sometimes. He benched me... It took me awhile to figure out why... Continued next tweet
Thanks for the follow... I just followed you back!
Who is your person who you look up to?
god y'all suck..
Many many modernists were involved in plans for or fictional responses to world government between the wars. Discuss.
One week from today, we hit the studio to record the follow-up to the New Mexico EP! We'll be posting photos and other random stuff.
Cool Soo where u live
”I would rather regret the things I have done than the things I have not.” - Lucille Ball
New Character in the Works: "The Octopus-The Moonchild Octopus".
if that same mom wants to treat me tomorrow...let her know I'm available :-)
So what does it mean if he loses? “: Maloney says he had calling from God to campaign, says God is with him.”
Why do our US national holidays favor right-wing Republicans.?
Just kidding<3
Just 2 Members away from 3,500! Who's it gonna be?
Undun by The Roots was on heavy rotation this past weekend!
Thanks Rachel. We appreciate the nice nod.
With the 2 best NBA defensive players ever on the #Heat in LBJ and Wade, I'm surprised the #Pacers even score at all
Come on #windows you piece of shit OS. All I'm trying to do is change a filename....
Yeah, I've seen all that and looked at the data. Dropbox will need to adjust pricing.
Im glad you enjoyed it. Im thinking about bedazzling it, or making it AO themed.
So glad you could attend! Hard to not feel the #AD4MH love in that room. :)
Happy New Year, minions!
Get ahold of a rubber fish and go as Cape Cod
RT : wow #ParanormalActivity is trending...please come to Reno scary movie. --agreed. We may need to plan a trip to the bay!
Only because I don't want to pay for my car to be here. It's not even worth it yet.
So much to do in so little time!!!!!
Dissatisfaction = a call to #change. You're good at adapting, making the best of things. Yet the call will get louder.
Hi Kelly,Beautiful work. Love your artist statement.
enjoted this post on Southern heritage and remembrance.
Only would make it awkward to look at Instagram around my family lol
RT : Today in 1975, the S.S. Edmund Fitzgerald sinks during a storm on Lake Superior, taking all 29 crew members with her.
Generally OBSESSED with our artists! Love, love, love our members!
#aintnothinglike basketball in the bluegrass!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE. (: I LOVE YOU!
": RT if you hate school" i rather not go, but my sister, in africa, doesnt have the opportunity that i have. so i appreciate it.♥
No excuse not to eat that salad for lunch as is giving away FREE salads tomorrow at its new Flatiron location 18 East 23rd St.
FWIW, the battery life is supposed to improve a lot with Verizon ICS 4.0.4. New Radios.
Yeah! Yesterday! :)
Buy popular demand Ortega's Appliance now works on Bosch front load washers and dryers
So ready for Spring to actually hit with some warm weather...
Happy Thanksgiving. We live in a beautiful world. Thank you God for giving us life to enjoy!
I do love my 10 minute "commute"...plus or minus a minute or two, depending on which stop lights I hit. ;)
i: u should go to China or Japan
#NP "I Won't Give Up" - Jason Mraz ♥
I so wish I could be there. Regards to the class of '73. (that's 19)
Have a great weekend and Happy Halloween everyone. See you Monday!
I BEEN TWEETING PEOPLE. JUST NOT YALL. I TWEET MUSIC PEOPLE
how did you know? Cadbury eggs are my favorite.
Sounds good! :-) RT Bottle of wine chilling, time to get my blog on! Glad to see you tweets!
Adding insult to injury = sitting in bumper to bumper traffic trying to get back into New Jersey
When a Hoe tells you "Don't Trust these Hoes.." You better listen! hahaha
So it seem my phd alma matter, UKY, is ”developing” what my dissertation there did in 2006. Sigh
RT ; If you think is a cutiee (;
good! May she have a speedy recovery.
where'd you get the sphynxs and were they affordable?
Leadership is a potent combination of strategy and character. But if you must be without one, be without the strategy. ~Norman Schwarzkopf
#SalemOR Tomorrow (Saturday) Noon-6PM on the steps of the State Capitol, catch and other artists at Cherry City Music Fest: Hip-Hop
Had a nice dinner
- There is ONLY ONE - It's Always a BIG MISTAKE to Biopic a SUPERTALENT...Whitney was a ONE-OFF.
It's Friday. Jeans are practically mandatory on fridays.
^esI think music in itself is healing. It's an explosive expression of humanity. It's something we are all touched by. No matter what...
But still cooler than an Otter Pop
The dems new ally...Ted Nugent! Just like Palin in 08. Hey, I'm independent...just saying...certain ppl need muzzles.
RT Where broadcasting live on usream from inside in(ustream.tv/channel/djdru2004
nothing I'm trying to fix my iPod so I can text you instead...
not sushi, went into a Greek place. Estia, on locust & broad
is digging Highrise. Excellent software!
Did the real CMPUNK from the WWE contact us to make a theme song for his new web show? Find out next @ ZenLive.tv
. Lets go Melo you have a squad behind you. Let,s go NY...
Positively awesome. I look forward to seeing it.
Heat NEVER come out strong at home for some reason. I think it has something to do with the starting lineup.
Bye OKC see u in a month
more pics please! keep them coming! #JuliesWedding ;)
Cyber Monday! Tell us where you got the best deals!
Mrning peeps its friday time to party have a great werkend n be blessed
I have reason to believe the person stalking around in front of my apartment is a hooker. Watching through the window.
Ugh , finally off work my feet hurt. Del Taco then home to my love .
Did Huggins say what set him off at the end of the game?
About to cook with coconut oil for the first time. This fancy food shit is killing me.
If I ever have a band, I'm calling it The Eponymous Naming Conventions.
I'm gonna trust you with this. The last time I went swimming I almost drowned.
o_0 for that ...wat sef...is it not soccer we are betting over?
can't wait to see MEST! It's been way too long! The NYC show can't come soon enough!
yup! i used to teach in chelsea (in nyc) and had many LGBT students and parents; did ss unit on INTOLERANCE inc. LGBT
I will pray for you. God forgives most ignoramuses.
D.C. local cover band playing all the songs that make you get up and dance. www.myspace.com/justwannaplay
Listening with your whole body is an important present moment awareness practice. We can learn so much when we truly listen
Ok friday it's a date“ end of the week hun”
yes I am, lol
LeBron James is better than Michael Jordan. 👍
I get to be in the audience tonite for Oprah's first LIVE Lifeclass show! Watch it tonite on OWN at 7 AND 10PM-U mite see me there smiling!
Osborne: slow and boring can be ok. 'Avalanches cause a ruckus. Glaciers change the world.' Oh that HPC would be a gospel glacier!
those among our go to sources too. Thanks for all you do for
Really don't like the people I live with. When I move out Ill be loving them from a distance.
“: are you forgetting that its May 7th? #EphesiansKeys”
aw happy three month anniversary(:
I wanna see Kansas and Louisville make it final.
Rashaaaaaaaddddd!!! What's good?? How you doing? I miss my natives
we all stayed home on the same day.... oh tay the dad in awkward is so hot
trying to catch up on email...
Free wings at Hooters if you take your mom.
the music students had a fun reference assignment last week that brought back memories of my LIS 'Search and Seiz(ure)' exercises.
“A Minute with Maxwell” Free Daily Coaching from: www.johnmaxwellteam.com Sign up to get them every morning!
There's an App for that.
Happy #veteransDay Shout out to all the #veterans that got us to where we are #today:) #thankyou!
I love pizza.
what kind of box?
Took time this weekend to recharge my battery, Monday morning
Where is the best place to get cheesecake in #Milwaukee!?
Got a W with 2 starters out.....great team effort!
Coffee and hiking should be the start of everyday...RT : Plan of the day... Hike, write.. And pack :) first.... Coffee! :D
you welcome:) aww cool:D x
Can't wait for y'all to see these Grip tv interviews! S/O for do her thing!
Happy birthday !!
hm sure ;D your gorgeous ...
At least my wish came true..
#amwriting on LINEAGE, and it's at 70.1k atm. Should be finished with this draft by the end of next week. Maybe the weekend if all goes well
Friends will always ride with you in a limo but it is a real friend that will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down
Feeling really rushed with tonight's prayers for world peace recognizing God's about to be distracted with TEBOW-TIME!
it's ok prayers go out to you all!
hahahaha your still 86ed from our kitchen lol. Why are you not here?
I'm so addicted to grilling I'm hoping it will outweigh the risk factors :)
54% of all MBA students admit to cheating, does this come as a surprise to you?
aww man, I was looking forward to it so much. I love you and Piper you guys are so awesome :)
That last tweet about tiger was a little premature.
Magic kingdom<3. ; Suck it byotches. (;
I DO NOT MEAN TO STRIKE FEAR IN ANYONE'S HEART BUT...
I hadn't realized "Dig a large hole at the base of the patio" was on today's to-do list. Apparently The Dogs r working off their own agenda.
hm still no call from Daphnee for my promo rate. Have I been dropped from the radar again?
At Chick setn up
When Austin's online Twitter becomes so alive. (:
We work w/ social, private and public sectors to advance health & human potential for vulnerable populations
Time to quit playn
Will you help me when I get my work?
I love u Eeeershhhhley
#LIUNA General President Terry O'Sullivan taking the podium...buckle up!!
best tweet ever.
Voodoo Doughnut Bacon Maple Ale. Like breakfast in a pint glass. Yum!
Creativity is thinking up new things. Innovation is doing new things.
Robin Harper is seeking input on educational potential for Metaplace
Interesting post about iPad remorse.
Record an album with Anton Music Productions and we will build you a free website!
if I were lucky then you would be here. ;)
Ba. Haha. Oh well, next time. Good job tonight, even tho u had certain style restrictions,meaning club wanting one thing.
own more trampolines.
More shocking #NFL news to #Packer fans is that someone willigly signed Pat Lee?!!? Yes.....IR Pat Lee!
Fascinating panel on overfishing held earlier today with , Ray Hillborn, and Boris Worm. Watch and follow here:
The rest of the Short Love Quotes:
": Yeah make It happen when you wanna do business" What U mean "business" fam tho?
How Social Media Can Help You Snag Top Talent For Your Company
I know it's been a long wait; but we hope to make an announcement with countdown soon- and expect a big party at opening.
They're ok. It's like any other fast joint. Expresso Amono in the ville has a really good one.
Lol Kobe got blocked
RT Integrating social media in future. Real time feedback is how we will experience our world.
Stiemsma and Garnett are a nice duo in Boston's frontcourt.
One of the best mornings ever, thankyou
Oh my goodness, I have also never seen snoring be so cute. RT You have never seen a mouse be this adorable (VIDEO)
- 80 gal. Gotta' love it. And <3 that L.A. has finally arrived in the #CraftBeer revolution. Cheers to THAT. And, congrats!
Get tech into other products would be the thing to do. The #Kodak brand still means something for photo quality.
Nope. Now I'm curious - what are you trying to find out?
Np at all we celebrate
Ugh I can't wait to be out of this gay evolution class, more trouble then it's worth
marrying a trapstar, life will be a breeze
Aint shit going on at work today
I believe the transformation of this team directly correlates with the cutting of Lambs hair. Just sayin....
Google us "Nilima Rugs"
I miss you too, loves
go take it to tmobile they will fix it
I know(: it's not gonna be there for long...(:
RT : I like Commons as presented by Acquia at
no, sadly. I looked everywhere and you're just so fabulous no one could find sh*t. How are you???
Molina again?
what was that about?
david so mean lol
I like seeing the chin.
": I hate the nerds that cover up their answers. Like come on, let's work together bro."
that might've been about you ;)
Ross Todd on common core: we help in "mastering the fusion of others' and own ideas"
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through
Amazing how many people think they know boxing on twitter. And no, I'm not one of them.
The funny part about this show is that the untrained designers are winning!
Hello cumguzzling idiots ! (;
Do you think the current Mayor will respond to our questionnaire??
It's too easy to read the history of the twentieth century as episodic. We need histories that emphasize the continuities.
Just started a facebook page. Chiropractic by Dr. Black. Not much there right now, but....there will be soon. :)
We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!
I'm always disappointed when a liar's pants doesn't actually catch on fire! ;)
Band practice tonight. Any suggestions re our name??
yeah lol at all the souvenir type stores at downtown I see those all the time. But never exactly that 1, I guess u gotta hunt it
I'm bored...my nephew is sitting here with me xD
And so, my fellow Americans: ask not what your country can do for you - ask what you can do for your country.
Its been a while, but were still on it. Bunch of new shit to come out soon
Now these three remain: faith, hope, & love. But the greatest of these is LOVE. 1 Corin. 13:13
Aaron Rodgers and Ryan Braun's restaurant 8*twelve will be on Bluemound Rd. in Brookfield right down from the mall.
No show tonight guys! Sick all week last week and still recovering. Last weeks show will be up in a few!
Lol well i don't like him , so i guess Haha
Watching The Who in concert at Albert Hall in London (DVD). Back in 2000. Interesting, although I liked the Queen's concerts better.
Surprised at SuccessFactors acquisition by #SAP. The "make companies fun" mantra by SuccessFactors doesn't jibe with SAP culture.
Vietnam Veterans... you are appreciated. You continue to honor our country and your COURAGE LEADS!
alot of girls cant stand me but they dont understand me ..
tonight, tomorrow night @ 7 and tomorrow and Sunday @ 2 pm.
Cats: Meow meow meow Meow meow meow Meow meow meow. Me: YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED TO DOMINATE THE WORLD YET. STFU.
Gluten Free Dominos Pizza >
At county hospital. Never seen so many people in crutches..... I lost count after 204!
contact us for savings today...
thats AWESOME did you get it early? <3
I'm keeping up w/ the gospel project, especially today
Lol, ditto on everything.
Is there someplace on the interweb where I can download or stream/watch the Independent Spirit Awards from a few weeks ago?
lol good one
So much fun last night. Thank you and aotearoa for the best Friday
We need more music.
Shaggy, you Scooby & Velma go downstairs & check the basement; Daphne & I'll go upstairs & check the bedrooms" Well played Fred, well played
Surrounded by millions of people, but always alone.
..count down to your BIG day eh? :) Congratulations!
I love it when a hot guy in your school gives you a hug but not any other girl. Lmfao that's funny as fuck. ahahahahaha.
I wasn't aware. Would you have a link to this story?
cults have catered events?
what did you mean by that question??
Cracks me up that people buzz about social media as a new discipline. To us, it's just a new channel to communicate strategic PR messages.
#Nuggets Andre Miller is the old guy at the gym nobody wants to guard
Do Drugs and Extreme Sports go "hand in hand"? CBS19's Rachel Ryan with more on a new NIKE ad controversy. Watch CBS19
7 days till the Patent Pending show with at The Polish Club in Poughkeepsie! Who's comin out?!
I like it Paul... likes it!
hai austin you look hawt in diz picture. grow your hair out.
You a bitch and so is yo bf,yall gone have bitch made ass kids....
#mymomwouldbeatmyassif I ate her little yogurts she only buys for herself!
Phew. You will live to cook another day!
Don't leave me in the house alone or Butler Bag will be in my trunk while you walk Scooby! LOL
The toilet paper at work keeps getting worse. So thin you can see through it. Where do they buy it? Never seen anything this cheap in stores
its a really good show... It doesn't really build on itself until like halfway through though
Neat! How are we getting those library copyright spinners?
so worth it ;)
What are u thinking about? Ur thinking too small for what ur life is to be. Let the small stuff go & go
Star Wars marathon on Spike..started on Episode 1 going through 6! Currently on IV, A New Hope
Santa baby, eat the rest of my cookies, please. Gotta live long so I don't push up daisies. Hurry 'cause I'm eyeing Christmas candies!
Does it not give you the radio-feed option? If it does, I would strongly recommend it. No one should have to listen to Caray.
Dan Yergin has mentioned his book twice while testifying at Senate Energy. He wrote a book, you know.
Entertaining ourselves by watching the hardcore runners battle the walk of shamers for sidewalk this am.
Why's that?
Speed matters - e.g. Google Instant which delivers rapid, meaningful search results as you type
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation.
I love peanut butter.
This must really sting.
Scored lots of goodies 2day!
girl. They did it the way only we can. I wasn't ready for that.
are you repainting? what color?
so 74 degrees in miami, Florida :)........ and 36 degrees in silver spring, maryland...... hm. lol :) so glad im not home right now.
your entry is basically proof that you talked about our website and posted a link to it.Take a screenshot of it and send it :)
Ewwww I don't like you... ur thinner than a sheet of looseleaf and its beyond gross
Wanted: app that shocks me when remiss on my social media duties. On 2nd thought, no - battery life bad enuf already.
Omgomgomgomgomg. Jason's coming home tonight! Ah. I'm so excited. c:
Awww good for Ronnell he has fans how cute :)
I don't understand how this is a black/white issue. Isn't Zimmerman hispanic? Either way, you can't assault people.
aww I miss you too <3
Part of me wants to be your roommate.
Four weeks left for this quarter; I'm ready for a break.
Nothing is better than when your bestie says "You look SO cute today!". Best feeling ever.
Tough final shot, tough loss, but one of the better Badgers games I've ever seen
Happy Birthday! 28 years of delicious brews!!
Won Game 3 in OT
just bought a mothers day card to send out to Atlanta just to let my Queen know she's always on my mind. she's all i have. love my mom. :-)
The number 69 appeared a lot in math today. lol.
Can you require approval to be put into a circle? A temporally suboptimal solution since you're famous...but it's somethin'
too lazy to delete all of Sophie's old tweets, so can't really start fresh. Just gunna start OFFICIALLY tweeting Monday.
I'm honored to know you twittermaster
I dare you to lol
Ohh when does that start?
wish I could have dialed you in to our Singapore summit meetings since you were up :-)
Also notable: My surprise 20yrs after sitcom "E/R" to discover its origin in Chicago theater.
Happy New Year! Next on the schedule WORLD'S!!!!!!!!
It's almost Valentine's Day! A lot of people meet their sweethearts at RISD, so help keep the magic alive by giving to the #RISDAnnualFund!
ave been for a while. Your driving me nuts. Just stop.
now we're talking. Chocolate too I hope.
Apple sold 35 million iPhones last quarter. Now that so many people have one, do you think the iPhone is still a status symbol?
Looking forward to seeing you there at #SLA2011!
New show announced 2/3 fri @ boomerangs w/ chiva knievel! FREE! come witness the rebirth!
just liked all of your pictures on instagram. you're welcome. :D
Shout out to !
#Bad_Etiquette: Clicking over to answer your call-waiting and holding a full conversation while the person YOU CALLED is still on hold.
Great work, guys!
follow back??
Spinning tonight at the crazy Black Friday "Little Black Dress Party" at On The Rox in Kankakee.
We sell laptop batteries at highly reduced values. Consumers need a trustworthy, competitive US based alternate to OEM's.
Even better!
haha I loved that video u posted. Made my day!
Got that white owl white grape
hey you're sending us spam. Please change your password.
is awesome! You should give a try.
"Mama may have, Papa may have But God bless the child that's got his own That's got his own " Billie Holiday
#SHOUTOUTTO which side of manchester the blue or red half?
Why'd I stop watching Adult Swim Sunday nights? I missed out on so much or maybe not. The Dr. Brule show is out of hand
Thanks so much!
yes, and I know my dentist, good guy and all, but cant trust him. =)
No comment
#WhaleWars Congratulations and Ty! I hope whaling is really over.
google and their army of Androids..
Hunt: can't exclude ppl with the guns from the table, but can get a bigger table to include women, youth.
The champ came out to that "Riot" "Please don't get us excited" -
Presley is a fucking beast!!!!
You say you still like me but you tell everybody you don't and that you like someone else.... k..../:
"To save mankind from a talking comet, yes!"
It's a bad one. But Mariners have fairly respectable record against Verlander. Still, likely going to be ugly.
Need a GREAT literary agent? These folks are accessible, online, real.
Lost phones will cost consumers $30 billion in 2012.
Diaspora spam? I'm impressed!
what the hell is going' on over there in good ol' CO?!
Thursday nights just got better! Sexy Thursday @ Silk ultra club! its the place to be ladies are free all night! $3 u call it! $100 bottles!
Leaving Vegas, a bit sleep deprived and a bit hurt.
got my first 9 on the Spivak essay!
Relationships Can Never Be Between TWO People !
This shit is getting on my damn nerves if he wouldn't have touch me then he would not his face messed up
no sadly.
I understand
awesome! people will finally know where i get all my awesome clothes without me having to tell them over and over again.
should not be ashamed as MILLIONS of others feel the same way ;)
Yes... I'll have another.
Nameless Sound & MECA: Creative Music Ensembles for Young People - Summer 2010 classes begin Wednesday, June 16, 2010
good morning...how are you this morning? :)
can't sleep cuz it's damn hot inside here!! :/
14ppl retweeted me on mi last post aww i feel loved!
Taking a shot of that "café" before prom 😁
Oh North Carolina, way to play up the bigot stereotype of the South. Such a shame.
I want to open my laptop and play GC but, i so lazy to do that.
Just madee a twitter, mahhhdddd cool. (:
sick naw I gotta dj friday
We had fun!
I can only imagine.
On mother's day too
happy happy bday!!!!!! I'm super geeked, love ya lots to the man who inspired me to take my poetry to hiphop and bk again! I'm a fan!!
Audrey: this tea tastes like dirty socks *later* Lauren: (pointing to tea) hey, can i have some dirty sex? Me:LOL Audrey: O_o?
Check out my new column, Last I Checked, at www.channel3000.com
Finally, #Flyers talk on ! Stoked for what looks like a #Flyers & Penguins Playoff series.
EVERY GIRL HAS HER OWN SPECIAL RECIPE THAT MAKES HER MISS EXTRAORDINARY!XOXO MISS MIMI PINK
At visioning mtg for Boston's new urban agriculture initiative. Standing rm only!
I am going to enjoy watching the 2nd story blow off the half finished house across the street. Wind Advisory in Wisconsin. 35 mph winds.
It's funny how my dads ex girl works here and me and him just smile everythime she passes by lmao
i know how that is ! I'm here for you if you needa talk (:
Probably not. I've heard of parents reading it to 7-year-olds, but under 4 is a stretch. If you like I can send you a copy to try.
She doesn't let me out of her sight-- I went in the bathroom to put on makeup and she curled up behind me. I live in a studio apartment.
omg stop messing with Kim she will do what she wants when she gets good and ready damn it
I do not. Maybe in a former life. :) <3 #books and libraries.
will have update re from sf bay, advs. how to reach you
SAT sold out THX 4 the support BAY!!!...NICE look and all the artist SLAPPED..GOD is GOOD!!!
They say money's not everything, & they're right, it's really not/ but those words are usually said by those who have none or a lot--K-Rino
thanks Cam
I'm ready for some playoff basketball. Cavs win. Hawks win. Heat win. Jazz win.
oh goodmorning to you too lol but ugh I just cant with this gaahdamn state first chance I get im out of here(IL) lbs
P.S. WHEN YOU FIND OUT PEOPLE ARE FOR THEMSELVES YOU LEAVE THEM BY THEMSELF.
#ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously head..dome..neck...brain..skully...if she can't do it right...it will neva work son!
Loved the video! You rocked it!
Woo! made it to 100 tweets! Hooray for being an amateur! :P
When people constantly bring you up <
LET'S FUCKING GO CMPUNK! BEST IN THE WORLD!
At Last: A Tribute to Etta James THIS SUMMER @ Women's Voices!
Stay tuned followers: our latest teen and #parent video competition will launch online tomorrow!
Just used my first Viggle rewards. $20 to Sephora for watching tv? Done! (seriously, you should get it)
Thanks for the FB Chris. Cheers!
Shalom Mr. Kedem, this is Kitty Hawk on EA.
I didnt even know there was a Honey 2
: ESPN Mike & Mike interview the winner of the BassMaster fishing contest EVERY YEAR. He isn't even an athlete. But he's a guy.
And of did a great job... Very well received.
Happy Leap Day! More significantly, happy IL primary fundraising deadline! Please consider making a contribution to
Washington County DA confirmed, homeowner in Slinger acted legally and in self-defense in killing Bo Morrison, 20, for being inside a porch.
I love getting called in on my day off.
If I graded on camera whoring with my friends .. I'd pass no doubt!
Thank you everyone for tonight I know my sis had a blast.because she cried most of the night lol I LOVE YOU
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
I have lost all confidence in Eric Wedge's ability to put the #Mariners in the best position to win on a nightly basis. So frustrating.
could you do a MLB team too?
Welcome to the Nevada Museums Association twitter feed!
TGIF and Aloha! Happy Friday to one and all from the SharingHawaii.com Team! #Aloha #Hawaii Follow Friday Happy Halloween
I think he is being humbly confident, which he has to be. We should win them all but I care far more about Feb 5 than 16-0!
those are the people who make me rock back and forth in a corner.
Veterans Across America needs volunteer mentors to help veterans find jobs Email me @
Without snacks, I feel, nothing.
Looking for an exciting opportunity in a hyper growth SaaS Company? We need you. Check out our opportunities- and consider joining ZirMed…
I Thought You Lived In Houston?!
been taking a little hiatus due to Bean-cats care this week. kidney levels back to normal. so glad the little girl is still with us.
Moving #erodingsubmodel Tweets to #nfais upon request of our organizers!
Final night of my sketch show SummerCaliNarcissisticSexPealaDoucheUs! Tonight, 10 PM Jacket Theater, 6470 Santa Monica Blvd. SO FUN!
I know, but the finale made me feel at peace about it.
Wat it do world
Great hanging out. Till next time
im kind of in one of those moods where everyone and everything either pisses me off or makes me really upset
Pretty sure everyone is raging right about now.
no problem dude!
Madonna showed us she still reigns queen of pop tonight at the half time show! Kudos to Madonna, she's still got it!
: They must be thinking "content farm" - hard to tell, maybe, th edifference between your kind of curation and... that
Still deliberating on the Oatmeal Stout, but we're leaning toward the "I'm on a boatmeal Stout"
Busy AM already! Prepping for workshop and my PR speech to the future Strawberry Queens! Less than 2 months away!
Today ended up being a pretty good day!
Great Texas Cleanup this Saturday ! Come by and chat with us.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. I can't put it down.
We are now on Twitter! Follow us for more great updates and news.
lol. You are too adorable for words.
That's reasonable. To which experts do you turn for financial advice?
"Weird is a relative, not an absolute term." -- Baron Frank N. Furter
Supermoon viewing foiled by cloud cover. Said I'd finish homework before playing w/ new computer. But date night at 112 Eatery was lovely.
And may the odds be ever in your favor.
Oh man. I need to mentally and emotionally prepare myself. I'll be in NY in June, would love to catch up!!
Happy birthday
Solid nap
We need a way out with a goal of financial sense and sensibility. That is the responsibility of the most lucky and wealthy if they care.
Cleveland casino might not open May 14 as scheduled due to delay in licensing casino workers.
I know some ppl insecure about themselves they don't know how to be real
I am your biggest fan, and I love you, but you're changing, and a lot of girls don't like it, including me.. reconsider selena
i totally lied, i'm continually crying like a bitch :(
Thank you!
we need a new place for it too..let me know what you end up with!
": every time i see the word 'paypal' in tech news, it's about something negative the company has done." Lets change that...
good things happen to good ppl 💚
not with louisville. It will get worked out. A Kentucky vs Indiana challenge would be cool. Purdue IU, Butler v UK UofL and Murray
Makin way thru music from #sxsw last week, but made time for some Commodore #Jazz Vol2, Mosaic, that I just landed, 23 LPs, :-) Classic!
ARGH. Why do the Brewers only seem to play in the afternoons when I have a meeting?
Losing is always tough. But the teams with true toughness, never let a loss get them down. They use that lost as motivation.
why are you downloading viddy for him tho?
that gif from our vid is dope! :D
Win a FREE membership! RT : Take a picture in The Wizard of Oz exhibit & enter Fan Photo contest by posting it on our FB wall!
To all the Detroit Press Reporters: why does nobody have the nuggets to ask Leyland why he plays Raburn every day?
R.I.P Whitney Houston. May her soul found some peace in the after life.
I guess u got cho hair done ? I should come over n wake YO ass up
I'M GONNA SHOOT THE NEXT MOTHER FUCKER THAT NUDGES ME ON DRAW SOMETHING.
follow back please? (:
NY-ers! Do you speak+read Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Korean, Lithuanian, Polish, Dutch, or ASL? Are you free on Sat? I need your help. Plz RT
Everybody wants to go to heaven; but nobody wants to die.
2012 will kill us all... duh
Latinos disagree with Filner's party or policies?
Support our Holiday Toy Drive by sending toys by mail or drop them off @ 59 Lincoln Park, Newark, NJ. We will also arrange for pick-up
Join us for a Meet & Greet at 2 ProHealth Plaza in Lake Success and enter to win a FREE LifeCaller Medical Alert System!
#IDoNotUnderstand how #teachers make their job look so easy when they do so much at once!
“: Lol we just love each other, so excuse us if we get on your nerves with our love tweets! ”
I'm sick of your face. Lol I'm gonna cut that ting off
did u do that math? oloolllllll
just been informed that I didn't get the job. 0 for 4.
Charles Barkley: Both teams really want it. Best playoff game he's seen this season
S/O 2 Me Im Ego Trippin
yah i have no life
Ur girls plus my girls might just equal an army and I'm pretty sure they would be down ;p :)) amen
Thanks for the follow! Wishing you
Finally having my MIS! #andypoll: What are you looking forward to this summer? Answer & RT, plz!
one remaining massage appointment left for Tuesday, April 10th! 4:30 time slot
"You know why the Yankees win so many games?"--"The other team can't get their eyes off the pin stripes"-Catch Me if You Can
You're not Mcdonald's, but I'm loving it.
I am annoyed that out of the six books I needed at the library, three were listed as available but weren't on the shelves.
Headed to the #ImagineCareerWk kick-off b-fast, big day!
I Feel So Far Away Right Now
Oh blake is there too, they sang together tonight.
yes, it works! I used to do it before work hours got crazy. I'll do again in June. I can bring you DVDs if u want to try :)
didn't go to school today.
U guys r the best! RT : we were pumped they mentioned you in the LAist article. NY Smiths all the way!
Swimming in the Atlantic is not hot, did it
haha psshh I invented pouty face! And WHO DID YOU GO ON A DATE WITH. DM me ;) lmfaoo
The more successful you become, the higher the houses in the hills get and the higer the fences get
Thanks, ! Hope your internship is going great.
What's YOUR dream...to meet I aM mE crew
After the #WinterClassic, I can't understand why the Super Bowl wouldn't feature #TheRoots. Oh, right. They're actually good.
wow nice to see u joined Twitter
Hip librarian Mad Libs is probably the best thing I have seen today!
BILLY IS DUMB AS YOU KNOW WHAT!
Be the girl you want your daughter to be. Be the girl you want your son to date. Be classy, anything but trashy.
Its going to be a long day......ugh
I'm really exhausted 💤
ROFL@ #saynotoribs! RT : Thinking about making a green smoothie. Gonna B hard. Waited too late. #saynotoribs Maybe both 2 balance?
Absolutely! Didn't realize that was you.
stretching (pun intended) here, but what about: Ruckus? Raucous? Luckless? Bloodless? Cutlass? Bulbous?
I don't know what that has to do with #mnleg GOP leaders not allowing a vote on the stadium. It has the votes.
"Let's discuss juices!" Meagan
haha you a wild dude
Srsly. I'm not even a big music person or a lifelong DC person but I loved Chuck Brown and go-go
M...belated birthday cake at 10am.
Good advice I guess, but what about drinking while sitting?
that sounds more difficult than necessary, but I respect the effort.
"My parents were GORGEOUS! We're they actually? Probably not." - Beth Seplow, my Persuasion Professor
Oh you gone muscle me now, asparagus ?!
Thx! Far is relative. We had team in from AZ last week :-) Too far from where? New locations r in r future^KD
Ah! Hall & Oates... I love #TheVoiceFinale!
Ankle is killing me
Dammn im sleepy as hell
Great things are happening. Finally.
Haha! It tastes better at least. : )
1/2 Price on all the Bottles on the Wine List today and tonight!
OMG Thank You So Much !! <3
An important point, too. Caps are 5-0-0 so far this season when Wideman gets on the board.
RT : Rule 15 has been suspended so that the Senate can work past 10 pm.
Glad to hear you're a Twitter & Facebook expert, I need a lesson in how to use this stuff :-)
Blown away with my visit. Thanks & staff for being wonderful hosts. Everyone needs to get their hands on TAP!
$500 on downer in Milwaukee. Great price!
Best one yet?
pumped up kicks just came up on pandora... the office is so quite w/o your loud mouth! ha you best be having a blast with kate
you should've yelled at me! I'm usually completely oblivious. Your guys' food good? I wasn't impressed with ours. Ha
lmao....and when I saw that azz pass, I had to get 'cha...damn I miss those days..lol
anyone want to write a story? take a photo? make a statement? Email:
nu10 admiring Samuel Larsen's face
OMG I see hair in my blanket Ctfupp The Little Curls >>>>>>>
haha no problem :D
Today's #saturdaylibrarian is also a #sicklibrarian. C'mon, peppermint tea, do your thing.
YOU will be rocking out, not WE.
....Lauren, Lauren, Lauren..........SMH. YOU HAD YOURSELF A RICK PERRY MOMENT.....
If you send a letter to a famous person, do the future archivist a favor and don't fill the envelope with glitter. kthx
okay if this doesnt get you to follow me idk what will...i waited until 2 am last time you were in LA to see you but failed
sounds like it is true...he was a great help to our side and a veteran Congressman
you are very welcome love
"Red Tail" was the most accurate movie on the Tuskegee, Airmen to date! BRAVO!!
oh no. Maybe my sister's a widow now. Oh SNAP
you got iit please support us by going to our site www.platinumposts.com
AP! check your email! - RH shirt news!
Goodell & Ingram handshake was sick!
Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that so it goes on flying anyway. - Mary Kay Ash
#WhenIWas13 All I did was listen to Fall Out Boy and play soccer.
Leveraging data from the social graph and other data to predict who likely rights holders are for a particular work. hm.
I am a Golden Globe, Emmy winning and Oscar award winning actress! I think therefore I achieve! I am a winner!
that's fine :)
do RT : We are filming first #Foodiechats movie in Chicago for 1-Year Celebration May 7th with Who...
The more you move around physically, the more calories you burn which increases your ability to lose fat more easily.
Today's the day and the weather is perfect.
have you on lock!!!!
Wanted Sales Person: Atlanta Natural Hair Care, Inc. has sales positions available. Email resumes to
Happy Friday: 76 and sunny! May Mart kicks off today, 10AM at the S&T Bank Arena on East Pike... lots of live music tonight, stay tuned...
“: I think we need to formally adopt a name for the group of loyal UFC lapdogs who are at every show" CURSE THEIR SUCCESS!
Just munched a '' road goodie worth 5 points!
workout was great! now for my protien shake
put decaf in the coffee maker for 3 weeks. Once everyone has gotten over their caffeine addictions, switch to espresso.
John Barnes! LOL
Call me stanley steamer I be givin her the pipe
Give us feedback on your user experience. Tweet to or email
Lol girl, I am not jealous of you whatsoever
go punters!!!
Garrison at #packers: achieved revenue and efficiency goals thru segmentation - created Email Lifecycle to guide program. Impressive.
That was a tick tack foul…..
yeah now you love me
It's a beautiful day #Denver, how many people have you seen #tebowing today?
Why can't twitter "retrieve tweets at this time".
Will the offseason bring any changes to Green Bay?
I loved hearing Gaffigan give the same interview to Nerdist and then Adam.
on my actually birthday I'm spending it with my family. But my party is in June! 🎉🎈
Had a great night at the #KCAI alumni reception in Seattle, thanks to the Warwick Society for coming to Seattle and thanks to Andrea Adams.
I just double checked and yup, I still absolutely despise Lord Bullingdon.
Watching Ghosts Adventures alone <
RT So thank you for welcoming me, Texas Democrats. Now let's get those rosaries off those ovaries.
Hilarious! You're a prince.
cool, thanks!
Searching for new identity. I guess I'm in transitional period, so not quite sure yet what to talk about here. Forgive my recent randomness.
I am watch !! This weekend if its hot. I gotta wear it on a nice day.
1. romney's wealth hurts his "relatability" 2.his tax rate illustrates an inequity in taxation which should concern BOTH parties
Maxine Waters is the Queen of Nimrods
Hello Minneapolis! Meet #femfessionals - an organization that supports, promotes and connects women in business!
Started for my phone to look up my rooms current temperature. I think I overestimated it for a moment there..
travel shampoo and conditioner in case you don't like hotel stuff, pantyhose, Advil, heels, flats, little black dress
Pay once ... earn for life!
Sending you hugs and lotsa luv today.I'm so sorry to hear about Gram..My heart is w/you all this weekend.
Yup, 68 is normal now so we'll hug that avg.
only a bestie will stay on ooVoo with you so you can watch ABDC
We can't wait for the Convention in Atlantic City this weekend. Stop by Booth 1920 for more info about us. Hope to see you all there!
Nathan think I misread your post. I thought you were saying you're in NYC now for a week's vacation
Oh Lindsey lohan, you've come a long way since
Bo Ryan and me are both at the Bucks game tonight, oddly he seems to be getting more autograph requests
Great choices! Henry and Mudge are fun! I also recommend Amelia Bedelia. Oldie but goodie!
The baby is yours.
So what and said?! Lol
Before you arrive at the #Big10Expo do some company research. Check out , one of our top sponsors this year!
it sure is!
im sorry I just cant control my ovaries. His body is so asdfghjkl. unff <33
when will advanced tickets go on sale???
just got a another dog and she is adorable
What does FF mean?
open source permits reuse; doesn't guarantee it; open source isn't magic; its just a license [...except when its not]
Listening to the new album! Too good.
doesn't matter who shot it. TEAM POST!!!
When nothing goes right, go left.
Thanks 4 the great conversation about headshots, networking, the acting community in NY, resurgent careers, etc. Smart lady!
If yo gonna keep making me feel like crapp, you should just stopp texting me..;(
you and me both sister!
are you #proskidrow?
Bobby Brown, you are an asshole. I hope you realize what you did to this lady.
#Nf follow back?
Our next event will be held on February 24th at 6:00 p.m. at the Capital Grille in Milwaukee. The event will be hosted by ESPN Milwaukee.
April is near! What are you looking forward to?
Fun Fact: Australia is the flattest continent
What is it about a harmonica that makes a rock song sound that much better?
Heat in 7 I'm rooting for indy
If I had a dollar for every time someone on Freemont stopped me with a "Hey bro can I ask you something..."
I think Steely McBeam played for the SF Giants on Ken Griffy Jr. Baseball for the SNES
just now
Dogs are the best people
In the olden days everyone was scared of lions and tigers and bears but now 2011 everyone is wearing them ...sick people
Zeus will be picking me up for lunch today. He is looking forward to meeting you
an app!
Cheering on the vikes & hawks! Hoping for at least one win!
Basically, i am all planned out for next year's repertoir!! Going the whole 9 yards!
Can't wait to go home and see baby Khlo! I guess too..........
keep pushin...success always starts with a single step forward.
I always wondered too. Gort after robot in TDTESS? The public workstations in UW HSL are named after comicbook & scifi chars.
glad you had a great Dose. Sorry I missed it. In Michigan. What markets you doing this summer?
Where are all of my stage & set designers?
you said it not me
Taylor has me beyond hype for prom lol
Fuerbringer/Lucena and Gibb/Rosenthal are both in world top 10. U.S. is only nation with three top-10 men's teams (Dalhausser/Rogers are 1).
TY for including my blog in the Silk Skies Daily News!
Get ready for the Facebook Fan Page transition to timeline format! You will have to change up some of your strategy. Tweet us for help.
well the announcement is Wed. All signs so far are pointing to this month. Maybe the 23rd or 30th. You gonna get one?
Hi Bennett! Definitely interested in adding something like this in the future. It's on the list. :-)
Shhhhh. Maybe it'll pass over.
Alls sweet in La La, how about u? x
Happy numb nuts?
What is your favorite site for sending large files??? Looking for some recommendations.
whats the vowel at the end of "Astonishing"? :)
Woo! Got past 750 followers. Thanks to for getting me there! :)
Frock Candy sometimes has long dresses appropriate for proms or balls under $100.
alas, I am addicted to draw something
my khaligee patient gave me coffee n dates for breakfeast today #ArabicHospitality. orange coffee served in a shot glass. never had b4
Women don't want to hear what you think. Women want to hear what they think -- in a deeper voice. ~ Bill Cosby
There's no one to talk too, one thing I hate bout staying home from school
If you're looking for a bathroom, it's all around you
It's so hawt in this house.
Always on the come up/move 3 phone numbers this year 3 addresses so far you would think I'm on the run!
Omfg tomorrow is 's birthday ! <3
It's too bad that only allows Google Plus access to those with an Enterprise account $1499/month.
Since I showed up to my cousins practice she's been making gross faces. We're most def related. ❤
Awesome! Thanks for featuring us, the girls had a great time!
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and Im not sure about the former.- Albert Einstein
i did alredy follow her but is tis getting 500 followers part real cause som ppl just lie im not callin u a liar jus askin
Longest part of my commute, the elevator ride.
(cont) Mel Gibson in a straight jacket, and don't forget the koolaid man at the door...
Everything meh do dem follow... LOL
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!
Why is my sister So annoying?
Songs for the split will be done soon. Who's excited?
You're Welcome! RT : Thanks for hosting the #FS4Moms Spa Treatment contest! Winner announced Tuesday!
Good Morning All, Have a great Monday!
Haha that's great. I knew that pic was up somewhere, but I've never seen it. That was definitely an interesting "internship"
" Come and take a walk with me.. " One of the dopest songs ever written.
RT : What we are is God's gift to us. What we become is our gift to God. -Eleanor Powell
best of luck with that! Lol that race is alway a mad house
BTW, I thought I'd add a wooooooooooooooohooooooooooooooooooo!
The first to apologize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. And the first to forget is the happiest.
Damn i finally slept in for a change lol...goodmorning!
TAKE THE MONEY OUT OF POLITICS - SAVE OUR CHILDREN'S FUTURE. DEMAND CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM - Lets do away with this corrupt practice.
Every decision make me feel like I lived life 3 times...
Catch me on www.facebook.com/danny djdbx
Don't bother apologizing if you're just going to continue doing the things you said sorry for.
he and Lou holz are probaly best friends
never argue with stupid people, they will drag you down to their level, and then beat you with experience
Finally placed again in a poker game!! Took 2nd place, the key is not to get dealt pocket kings.
Memphis was up by 27 and hitting everything. Then the Clippers just went crazy and came back. Is this a great comeback or an epic fail?
That's terrible I kno sue me
Oh yeah, I got tickets for the August 2013 show...they were expensive, but I get to meet them :D
Have, bitching about what they DON'T do. Weird, huh? Dudes!: help your ladies out, and watch what they do to you!
Aggies depth should win this in extra. If not... Game over
Humanity needs to know the are forgiven, or they would drive themselves crazy with shame!
Mixed report on foster care in Pennsylvania - abc27
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo use your 5GB data limit surfing
Have a beautifully blessed day!!
I wanna be on the 8th grade Washington & New York trip.
RT : Congratulations to all the #2012 Graduates Around ABQ
Slightly confused as to the meaning of that hashtag, but such is my life.
yeah girl :)
Joel Przybilla (sprained right knee) is probable for tonight's game vs. Utah. Jamal Crawford is out with right knee tendonitis.
I'm creeping death!
Do you have Valentine??? Have you heard Taylor Swift new song Safe and Sound?
how does Danny Crawford not call something right in front of him but then Mark Davis calls it across the court? Terrible
thanks for the heads up! we'll get on it!
follow back?
we need sexy girls.... win 50k in the upcoming reality show www.theeroticchallenge.com
OMG!! I'm working a part-time job at Publix for the summer... Can't wait ! God is good thank you Mom! (=
Aurgh, sorry to have missed this! Relying on my computer for Internet access is feeling more than a bit clunky today...
If only your bluetooth was red.
my baby was sad today /: that makes me sadd... D; i'm always here for you ! <3 #mahomie4life (; love youu, cheer up !
I just found out Jesus wore $500 jeans. Man, that guy is so lucky!
it was so big! :o
Ur Man in Havana: man mysteriously transports from ancient Sumerian city-state to pre-Castro espionage & intrigue
Awee! I miss you too babe. I'll be in Avon Friday bcus I'm gonna be with my family for Easter. Let's make plans!
Yay!!! I'll try to swing through!!
When hiring a development person, go for the scientist rather than the closer. -Cookie Ruiz #TexansForArts #
Success. One paper done. Like Done Done.
ok cool
really enjoying listening to 's vision for innovation for the future Digital #Accessibility Expo
I love how even our own President continues to look to place blame like the Wall Street protestors
Yahara hills. Just shot my best ever. A 91!!!!
RT : Josh Hamilton has more RBI in the last 9 innings than Albert Pujols has this season.
So you must love it now, when we're fighting against Hilary Rosen's hatred and the injustice toward women...
#iWishYouKnew how I felt about you
welcome! Leukemia hits close to home.... Family member passed due to it! Bone morrow wasn't option!
In related news, I will be maintaining that policy in my home.
Life conquered death.
stay. because I need you.
My mind runs I can never catch it even if I got a head start
Now that it's all over, what did you really do yesterday that's worth mentioning?
♪ ♫ When you're alone / And life is making you lonely / You can always go / To the darkest caverns of your soul / To drown in the void ♪ ♫
ok i gotchu bro
im doing the talent show but my lazy manager decided to go to beech bend instead of watching her client
P.S for those who saw my governor pic earlier at the fishing opener party...no he was not flipping the bird. He was scratching his eye.
Game. Set. Match.
this weekend was the best!!! and today was my first time acting on a film set with the best, most talented and sweet team! LOVE you all!!!
“: i agree! it was cool when he worked with ben burnley =)” Great memories
get it girl! that applies to both that stack o cash and that bag o bacon.
Heavy metal all the way.
Thanks for stopping by on
Wish I could find the smithsonian commons app in the app store....help?
Rain rain... we heart rain in AZ. ..
closed group. Sorry. But I work for a national museum in DC n we r also passing screenshots around. What not to do. :)
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ If I love you what business is it of yours
Seladore hits the stage again tonight at Bombshell's Tavern in Edgewater. We go on around 8:30 I believe! Come rock out!
is thrilled to have 's Mark Keefe as a special guest!
Grrr walked all the way up the hill to the health sciences library just to find out the book I need isn't actually there
I can host it for you. :P
So my great grandpa just died. Umm what is it with april 27
Now tweeting: ! They are offering a Souper Bowl special today of Pho, Appetizers, Beer and the game!
Folo up on my story on new powers for local PACs. AFSCME Local 127 has formed 2 new PACS -- 1 to oppose and 1 to oppose Prop. B.
Me too, but my America is a dog. Does that count? RT : I love America.
FOR REAL I NEED THAT FEELING! I HAVE TROPICAL BLOOD!
FLAW AF!!! | ": 👈 taking the meanest shit in my nigga bathroom right now"
Pod good. It would be cool if you had some exit music at the end.
Aw, thanks ! Hope all is well at Purdue.
Politicians & policymakers are rarely proactive unless it has to do with saving their jobs.
then where!?
Follow Your 2012 will appreciate their tweets
Anyone in NYC want to run a slow 6.5 miles with me today?
hey can you please give me a shout out I just made this please help me?
haha! Drinks/beach/something seasonally inappropriate soon?
His little sister hella maddogs me though haha , she's cute ^_^
Today's writing challenge is to find the spot of maximum tension and hold it for as long as possible.
and he still can't beat me....
The reason it rains is that Chuck Norris scared the clouds, and they wet themselves.
i heard about the little tweet battle you two had during afro. imma get yall back.
The stock market is up because the Greece Parliment passed the austerity package. So what, the cities are being burned by the people.
Oh good choice!
- Yep, great matches!
Stop the press! oh how I missed you. Remember when you left me that voice mail at work singing to me that crazy song. I miss that.
#idol Josh and Jessica final please!
Thanks KB! Enjoy your day!
and don't worry it's not just another guy hitting on you! :)
your welcome <3
Im on boss...just sent u a request
Rookie mistake... RT Red bull, pizza, and mountain dew lead to a wired Dan and an upset stomach
I just finished a 3.11 mi run with a pace of 11'10"/mi and a time of 34:43 with Nike+ GPS.
I looked flawless af :*
We absolutely love the DEN folks around here! cc:
I think I'm done drinking for the night...
I love everything about you.
Are you on twitter to pull pranks on Jared or to tweet about kittens for C19? Either way, I'm on board. Hello!
its mindless which can be welcome lol!
hey thank you for the follow! make sure to check us out on facebook and "like" us! you rule forever.
Thank you, sir!
It is reaaalllly hard to work so close MSG when #cuse is playing in the big east tourney and I have no tix!!
Feeling unsatisfied right about now.
Fill in the blank: _______ always makes me smile.
Tried to work you into the story, but just couldn't get creative enough w/it Was great to see your statue out front though!
it was an AMAZiNG film. Can't believe it was made in 2010. Hope it goes international ASAP. Everyone needs to see it!
I swear I had an orgasm when I saw iron mans car ;D
Congratulations to the ! Good luck in the ALCS!
The CEO of Coca Cola gets eaten by a polar bear.
Ted Nugent: Threat to Obama, or harmless loudmouth?
I just introduced my 2-year-old to live improvised music at As we were leaving he said "that was fun". Still not asleep.
The Cabin in the Woods turned out to be the best spoof horror film I've seen in years.Not quite to the level of Garth Marenghi's Dark Place
How was my day? All i have 2 say is thank God 4 hot water & bubbles!!!
If a tweet falls on Twitter & nobody hears it, does it make a sound? RT Yes,but I don't know what sound it will make
SO YOU WANT SUM TRIDENT LAYERS BUBBLE GUM???
I feel like my resume should include "talented and generous baker" so that employers know that they receive benefits with my employment.
Don't be jealous of ANY relationship...because ALL relationships have their own different kind of problems, &plus you'll never know.
I learned a new word today: debris ball.
omg yes. I'm so pumped. Btw check your DMs
Just applied at like 10 stores in the mall, hopefully I get a job.
What did everyone think about the halftime show with Madonna, LMFAO, Cee-Lo, and Nikki Minaj??
opportunity to differentiate, hm?
RT what's #TedxABQ? It's the independent version of #TED. Technology Entertainment Design. Great speakers! Look online
Happy Mother's Day to all of our Moms of the world! You help keep us truckin'!
Awesome niners. Good job. #dammit e
RT : #lovelansing: Great homes will be open this weekend from 1-5pm on Sat & Sun. Come see this home & 19 more like it:...
All hands on deck for Barrett, Mitchell & Lori Compas. Getting Fitzgerald out is even bigger than Walker. Let's do this!
One of my most favorite actors, Seann William Scott, turns 35 today. Stifler!!
Huge Sale on books! Best sellers Inmate 1577, The Hunted, False Accusations: $1.99 Fatal Twist: $.99
i am
no me be the goodest sister
if a cow could laugh would milk skeet from his nose...
Happy Birthday Chris Paul ..
Zing Boom Tarrarell
Problem - need DJ for Mem-day BBQ, but iPod is all-rap. Solution: go to Pandora, type in "Creedence" - instant, appropriate mix!
Is Growl really trying to extort $2 out of me with all of these Update Growl notifications? Is there a free alternative yet?
Kobe went 14/32 tonight..dude needs to stop shooting too much..Lakers lost because of that ball hog overrated dude.
Not bad choices, but that would get old quickly.
OH at Target "if you get hedge clippers, I'm not going to be able to defend myself"
damn hope Rose good.....
Go #TeamBrandyShanice! Everyone support Brandy! Amazing vocalist and dancer! I Love You and I got your back! ♥
#Happymothersday to all the moms out there. Dinner with the family
baking emergency brownies. feeling more prepared now.
RT : It is going to be an AWESOME day! Say it outloud!! Again!!! Repeat until you believe it, because it is true.
Letting go doesn�t mean giving up ... it means accepting that some things weren�t meant to be
not really but it's a testament to certain movies that I can watch them in. Starship Troopers, Drop Dead ...
Lol Right back atcha, Sir RT : Now Following the great
Lol! #quoteofthenight thanks god u don't have big boobs...I'd have to shave your stomached! LMAO!
me 2. Philly will be tough this year
#Dodgers supersub Hairston put on disabled list
We're glad to hear it! :)
I'm just rolling over...DAMN
when stands behind me while I'm in goal & tells me what to do >>>>>
Everyone says things they don't mean. Sometimes it's not easy to think before you talk..
Yes, I have. Thanks for the compliment!
you've studied for 7 hours?!
Thx for the RT! Create a fantastic Friday! #RecoveryWarriors!
thank you! We did have a great time!!
Did you hear that we are expanding our restaurant? Help us fill our new tables and tell your friends to come in for the best BBQ in SD!
You have a radio show? Is it syndicated nationally or can I stream it online?
Great holiday gift giving savings everyday on RueLaLa!
Hi Jake, we'd like to hear your reflections on 9/11. "What were you doing on 9/11?" Book proceeds go to charity.
Woooot! How many people can say Brandy Shanice is there Valentine's? Brandy is mine motha fuckaaass!
Fuck wit me bitches
AZ is the best place to shake off that rust.
I need you to play our edit of "united" tonight! Wtf!!! You aré fucking going insane!
I have to ask...why is Mike walking around NOLA with Krazy glue?"
RT : RT :A2.Without direction your hunt is like octopus on roller skates, movement with no clear direction
I want to do something fun tonight. Someone make it happen :)
Ditto RT : #ASTD2012 Still reeling from 's fascinating talk this morning.
you guys should still be dominating the Nuggets in this series though.
Where did you find that Marley juice?? :-)
Hooray! I have a dentist appointment, but hopefully I can find you when I am done at 1!
What a rare treat getting to hear Bishop W.J. Campbell live on the Word Network..tune in he's just opening his message!!
This rain is in the way
": I miss high school 😔"lmao you can always go back
I'd guessing because most people seemed to hate Voodoo Donut. It was either love or hate kinda beer.
Hate Flights, Back in Portland.
any one using the DynaVox Maestro with 6 cells?
Ordering shirts at the end of next week!! Better email with your size and if you want a tank or shirt!!
Eric Fehrenstrom, TODAY talking about CHASE, says only Investers lost money, had no feelings for the investors who may have lost all.
Stuck in class....entertainment please
ok, you should have received an email with details. please DM phone+zip or service address, i'll see what info i can get for you
Can't wait to see everybody tomorrow! Should be wild midday sun! Asiaheritagefoundation.org
I'm Bored xD Save Me From My Boredom :P
so what? it's still rubbish, overdone and annoying
She's the cutest, lady! Hope you're recovering well. :)
Avoid employment litigation by communicating better. Claims arise from a disconnect in what was intended, said, and actually heard.
- whats really upsetting is this promotes the stigma of mental illness. Most with mental illness are victims, not attackers
Thanks for the follow. We are following back
darn right.
That looks SO good! Love that place.
Thanks. I like it. Does that encapsulate both born digital lit/poetry and post-print fiction like House of Leaves? It does, yes?
We're going to church today.
Gonna shoot some photos for the new threads so were can finally start selling them! W.ocdusaink.com
That awkward moment when 50 Cent and Justin Bieber are hanging.. but 50 Cent made it clear few years ago he doesn't like Justin. :D
no!! Of course this would happen! But I think I might stay for their game Sunday! If you're back in time for that please come!
Pumpin' Iron In Weight Training Though.
Sometimes networking involves wine and dimner at Delancy.
u gonna follow me back or not
s/o to the #StormFamily we lost a beautiful life this morning. An amazing friend, brother and son. #RIPAdrianGarcia #21 From
Keep your schedules open from March until April, there will be some really great events in support of my campaign for Leukemia and Lymphoma…
Well, I would love one by next Saturday. Is that possible?
Listening to Call Me Maybe:)
Someone please take me to see ! I'll love you forever.
there wont be a reason to kill me
You know you truly care about someone when you have to try to convince yourself that you don't.
is sitting on the side of the road drinking bloodies...it must be independence day. happy 4th everyone.
Lady power: Charlotte Ronson's equestrian inspired pieces with a tough girl edge a new level of sophistication for the street chic designer.
Nice! Got some airplay on KXLU over the weekend. Headed to the top!
RT I'm in the mood for some drinks >drinks on u tonight lol
Tonight - WU at the Zoo. Current & future students, alum, parents, friends... stop by to see us if you are in the Cincinnati area.
Have fun at your inlaws. I'm in for the same kind of fun today. Praying before dinner is so....yuck!!
Find a life cuz you clearly not living yours
i'm not sure hes gonna make it by the cobra tomorrow!
Defense is horrible today! This is embarrassing. We r a better team than this team playing today!
nah he don't have a way to get his bike to your house. I just left your house.
Cain can yet distance himself from the flap by stating categorically he does not even like women, and also never heard of Bill Clinton.
My Phone is Dead! )x
RT & Follow for chance to Win Two Medium 2-Topping pizzas from Pizza Shuttle (1/winner day) Must claim pizzas by 5-13-12
1,000 Stickers gone in 2 days not to bad!
IF YOU DONT BELIEVE IT... IT WONT HAPPEN... HAVE A FAITH
disrespectful ass lol. I'm fucking you up
any chance you would save me the effort and send me the raw NodeXL data dump? :-D I'd love to play with it.
I am starting a personal revolt against fees. I will start with car dealers and will not buy from any dealer that charges a dealer fee.
Love it!
Veery slow going getting home from Roanoke. We've seen three cars nose down in a ditch so far. :/
How Does Your Strategy Measure Up?
Managers are people who do things right, while leaders are people who do the right thing.
Good thing we stuck around for that scene.
Oh. He is cute! Your birthday gift/trip to Syd looked awesome!
Ok WE ARE BACK UP!!
I could go for a sensual full body massage right about now
Mother's education level is key indicator of children's college completion
No problem. Hope it smooths itself out.
Treating myself to some Jack in the Box today lol
was I really? Haha
AW NO ! I cut my finger!
#levilowrey is an All- American Dad!
