This weather is beautiful! Thank you Miami! (Now if I could just get off work to enjoy it!)
Thank KSDS for wonderful live jazz programs! Kevin Mahogany charmed and wowed the Saville Theatre crowd with vocals & humor tonight.
Oops upside ya head (the big headache the bigger the pill) (the bigger the doctor the bill) W.E.F.U.N.K. Say Oops upside ya head
Watching this piece on the Congo's Kimbanguist symphony orchestra...pretty darn amazing stuff!
learning how to camp may or may not be easier than learning people better.
lol thanks :P
rocked my Stonehenge audition & has an audition tomorrow for my first PAYING gig! Oh yeah, got cast in another short too! A good week indeed
hold on, let me go find the nearest toilet so i can throw up. since when does chicago want boston boneheads running our teams?
Khloe isn't really a Kardashian? That explains so much about why she comes out being the ballsy yet normal one! XO to Khloe.
Come rescue me from this place please..... thanks.
He has decided to cut back on the episodes. Will broadcast occasionally, but no longer every Friday night.
I love NY!
State of Nation's Children missing from speech: Children’s Leadership Council Urges Renewed Focus on Children
Caught Squawk Box this morning on You're right, much better than Morning Joe.
That Photoshop is so sweet, it could be pudding. So I guess both?
Love is like a fart, if you have to force it; it's prolly shit.
Getting a tattoo isn't crazy. Shutup Caroline!~
homework loo
I love you, Susie, and we've only just met! Thanks for the follow!
Did the Aluquerque , Santa Fe, Taos trip a couple of years ago...great scenery & great jewelry, too. Have fun!
! Look At Me and lOoK at u.! Now tElL me nigga... WhO's JeAlOuS oF wHo?
That sounds perfect for you. Hope you like them! I just bought $160 in shirts...and moved across the country. I need to wait.
Awesome! I will try today!
I'm sorry to say that it simply just does not work that way. Businesses and consumers are NOT going to conform to what you created
Gotta do what I gotta do
#CulturalMuseums Symp on (re)presenting America-on culturally specific museums.All male presenters this morning. 1st afternoon panel:6 men.
Tastes like FREEDOM. And a little bit like gasoline.
Not to difs your Linneaus emulation, but isn't the near-f-as-s only ufed internally or at ftart of words? Or do I mifremember?
MVP Media produces videos for Prison Fellowship&#39;s Angel Tree Football Clinic at Stanford University and Operation ...
Did you know NEW #CRE Brokers Get Free Email Blasts? Sign up with PL today or contact us at — 888.889.1063
#NamesnMyphone Y DID I?
Server problems tonight? Unable to get email on laptop, iphone or #cox webmail. Help!
We should should jam soon.
#kanyetweets First the New Yorker, then Josh Groban, then some Grandma in a rocking chair. Please, not the Muppets next.
Quote of the night: "I'm certainly no saint."- Chuck Moran
RT : You may not feel or see it, but believe that God is working in your life right now. –Joyce
it is changed now?
56k at 2nd break. Playing good, feeling good
I just noticed lmao.
Tough loss for the Giants today...need Pavano and the Twins to knock off Doc and the Jays to salvage my baseball Wed.!
dress n heels .
Its starting to look alot like Christmas!! Not realy! Haha
You're always welcome!
errbody like Song/Poem writter....he goin in on his tracks
Thanks for following!
WHAT? Carroll Shelby died? WOW... that is fucking terrible....
A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool. #Shakespeare,
Delegate RT : Problem is, how could a principal find time to keep an eye on, say, 14 teachers' social media interactions?
Looking forward to seeing some #bt2012 tweeps on the Koka Booth Lawn tonight... Who's with me?
my little sister was talkin' to somebody on the phone w/ someone and said were just all fried lmmfao!!
Hahaha funny! And thanks for hoping it'd go well :)
Thank You to everyone who came out to NBM Baltimore and ISS Atlanta!
Making big dreams come true requires 4 things: organization, communication, dedication and follow through.
thanks a lot Danny! It did help me :) Just need to finish the speech and hopefully study for some. ehhhh
orientation! Straight from #TribeFest to the next big thing! 1500 people in Vegas, then 700 miamians in Israel. Amazing!
hint...it's the country you live in! ;)
Law and order svu with out stabler sucks
1.. ? Why would anyone have more than 1? RT : How many twitter apps u got on ur phone?
I've seen miracles just happen. Silent prayers get answered. Broken hearts become brand new. That's what faith can do.
"Right now, statistically, it's probably one of the best years I've had," James said. Like he doesn't go home an compare every night.
hmm y but #teamfollowback if u dont follow back?
My eyes hurt so much!!
Once Again., From First To Last. Only One Guy Has Been Different... /: I Swear To You Im On The Border Of Becoming A Lesbian.
If a dude got a bald spot does he get a hairline?
okay i didnt mean it like that in okay do you charge a lot to be a producer because i need one bad
WTF WTF a gazillion times... No school again what the hell! Curse u snow!! T__T
Muscles are 72% water. When body is dehydrated, strength and power are diminished. Drink every 15 min during
Biz op in Tulsa! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Contact us!
Happy Labor Day U.S.A. !!! Happy Monday To The International Peeps :)
“ Some days, I love you. Some days, I hate you. Some days, I miss you. Either way, I think about you everyday ♥”
“: “: Never mad at crimped hair” I wouldn't be mad if that fad came back!” I want to crimp my hair!!!
RT : #pla12 say "yes, and" instead of "yes, but" to keep conversations open!
LOL!!! it's pretty good for a laugh!
Feels like a friday and its makin me mad .
Part 2 of my story is up guys :) Check my favs!!
fuck am tired
When your leg falls asleep and when trying to move it, it tingles <
Goodmorning Have A Good Turkey Day[:
it must be hard after putting so much practice into your diving, to still lose.
hey Joe good friends with joey coco diaz you should checkout my baseball podcast i met you at zookeeper premiere
Hi David. I have an opportunity for a SharePoint Arch in New Haven area. Know anyone? Can you help?
Working with the negatives to make a better picture.
I miss you so much..You don't know how much it hurts me.. To not see you today..but I'll probably see you tomorrow so it's okay :)
We recommend going 2 see Roy Hargrove &Grill N #Hollywood this week. Everynite this week thru Sun. Brilliant #trumpet player.
Let me shut up yo.
In a few years I hope to catch the world by the ears!
Babcock would be happy to help recruit free agents, also doesn't think the team will make many trades, more free agents instead
its all love in da end wen it come to me keeping it real wit someone
Nats skipper Davey Johnson says Bryce Harper may require a stitch or two on his face, may miss a game or two.
wheel sometimes we have those moods about stuff.
Good Morning,today we are at 7100 Commerce Way in Cool Springs **NEW LOCATION** from 11:15-1:30 with the FINEST country fixins in Nashville
Love families that have multiple weights. Would love to be able to filter for that.
Weather today in Vegas feels like I am in an X Men movie and someone pissed Halle Berry.
"sometimes the best way to live your life is to choose the experience that will have the most anecdotal value" yes!
I gotta talk to her
True true :P she will have a major complainingfest. Haha
Just when I gain a little confidence, in a strange way you remind me that I'll never be good enough
I as an American citizen would like to say that I'm very sorry. Now how about, you're sorry for beating a blind man & his family?
Also plz follow superdj . Had the place rocking yesterday. Playing ATCQ "Can I Kick It?" after each FG? Genius!!!
This episode ROCKED! Made my Halloween month that much more fun! Thank you. Oh and on a side note to Clana...if Lana ever
It is Tuesday at 8pm, time for #AmericanPickers highlight of my week!
please participate in are contest that starts 2-10-2012
Respect can get you far . . .
4 hours of sleep and somehow I'm still functioning this morning... 😄👍
I dunno, I think it "pops".
in regards to my last tweet: all remixes completed so far, more artists are currently working on remixes!
It's finally Friday 👍.
sorry to hear that, email us with more info and lets get to the bottom of this!
What a fun idea: everyone contribute a flavor! RT #literaryicecreamflavor Woman Hollering Cream
The Kaiser's sorta seasoned at play-boating. Here's a tip, when cutting through rapids don't gut/ingest the froth/suds/water
10's 'cause we're bringing rock n roll back ;)
I wish I had a girl who looked good I would call her
I survived the USF Provost Roast! I am blessed to have such a wonderful group of friends and colleagues. Thanks 2 each and every one of you!
you know we wouldnt have too much fun without you.
why thank you, have a blessed day as well :)
Glad I hadn't raked the leaves yet. Those 60mph winds cleared the yard nicely!
One of the researchers is 's own Dr Heather Hausenblas!
no problem! :)
awe, tomorrow's picture will make you more like this 😂
haha, I could be thinking of another drawing too...they start to blend together :)
Good seeing everyone !
We just got some new *White Master Kush *
Well, I guess its about time I start my homework :( Killah test tomorrow
Many thanks! Enjoy the events and keep us posted on what you see! Or want to see.
Paris was the worst!!
Our fundraiser begins NOW! Enjoy a great meal while supporting Encore! Help us raise 'dough' for our children's theater!
Congressional District 9 was won By Bigoted Orthodox Jews and Jewish Mayor Kochs, They're are so many Illegal Aliens Asians/Latin and Jews
free posters online
There's nostalgia for something that had a big impact on your life, and there's wishing it were still the norm.
#MensReproductiveRights You have the right to a conversation w/your partner before sex, about your feelings on to abort or not to abort.
STOP SHOOTING
. Excellent essay on vision of world, not size of government, motivating policy prescriptions.
Need to increase your total accounts receivables that you are factoring? There are usually no fees to do so.
I hear ya...the colts fans I can handle...its those damn boo boo bears I can't stand!!!!!!
Goodnight twitters whatever time It might be there :D
then monday night there will be cocktails?
--Well our cats goin to be gone she ate both of the fish:/ #DANG!
is hot! i needed to say that lol
Whitney Houston was one of the best singers ever! A real gift from god! There will never be another Whitney!
Smoking with my mom in the house.... I feel bad ass lmao jk
damn straight. Lmao they sell waffles too??
It has been a FANtastic morning on , previewing Opening Day! Thanks for riding shotgun with us and following along!
Thanks for the RT Andrea!
What a nice day 2day
It's awesome =] and yes, hanging out with one of my best friends later =]
It was a response to 's comment that there's a #thatcamp hive mind. Cool w/ a C was a typo & a pun :)
I am indeed in Baltimore, visiting my best friend, !
Aw thanks! I wish I had that much confidence in myself
RT Another saying I hate..." It was just meant to be." Silly way to deal with things not turning out the way you wanted them to
OMG I'm so sick of covering Tebow. There are so many players being traded and signing right now. Cover some REAL players!
mmhhmm that's what they all say. You were just thrilled I tweeted you ;)
If your desktop site is a buffet, your mobile site should be a nutrition bar. I like that.
goodbye manhattan hello Minneapolis. En route to
i give up -__________-
Did you plan your day? Are you working your plan?
Lol. It's Been Awhile *in britneys Break The Ice voice*.
Chicago Portfolio School is looking for instructors for Integrated Concepts, Information Graphics and Marketing your book. Send your link!
nope. I'll be sure never to hold the hat near the skirt.
Thank you for the follows!! Happy Wednesday!
shaq BS clips got game
Talent is not learned. Agree or disagree?
are you ready for your review?
#C.A.C.A Fuck our lives dude. Fuck. Our. Lives.
This crazy lightning needs to stop…
“: Palestinians hurled rocks in drive-by attack on Israeli civilian car near Nablus, the vehicle was damaged.” // A...
diggin your new avatar!
When I'm home alone, I blast the music
i wonder if facebook actually "knows" that i "have adhd", and has started showing me targetted ads for that reason, or if its just guessing.
RT I think I jus told on myself in tht last tweet lol >yea u did lol
Morning, everyone.
I love Mr. Wonderful from the new album
can you use #gianttoolbox on air lol
You can arrange for it to be more or less forgiving. You can turn off the backspace/delete keys...
Not yet but it's something we've got on the list...
I think I figured it out. Folks, watch out for the #AntivirusLive virus, and, obviously, don't pay for the software as it's a scam.
is my role model i wanna be just like him in the future
Ma'am, all I would like to do is zoom zoom ah zoom zoom... Preferably in your boom boom, with your explicit consent, of course.
Grinding In Tha Booth
All those farytales are full of shit. One more fucking love song ill be sick.
it's annual PMP time...
Can't wait to play Toronto again! we've got a whole new record that will destroy you!
aw, hope you feel better too!
What did I say that you like? would you like 3 songs mp3s just tell me what email address to send them to you.
I also think Frodo and Samwise's relationship is quite a true love.
My friend think he's smart. He said that the onion is the only food that makes you cry. I threw a watermelon at his face.
You know things are getting bad when everybody talks to everyone but you and you dont have anywhere to sit @ lunch..
"where you go i go. what you say i say, god. what you pray i pray. what you pray i pray."
oh ok
Hope everyone has an inspiring Sunday!
I feel ya.
i don't have a definite plan yet but I was thinking maybe in the summertime even though I'm sure it will be super hot
Oh, finally! The perfect way to get her back: steal the unicorn!
Interracial love is all good but get some general act-right in public, bruh.
When was the last time you created something new? Were you just copying a competitor, or did you actually create something new? Try again.
It's a damn shame that #TerraNova is the worst show I've ever seen, especially considering I've seen multiple episodes of Joey.
For those that want to follow me I am here to fight mortgage fraud not perpetuate it, you will someday answer for your actions.
Good night I had a great day with you at the park explain health problems that teenagers these days deal with don't rub to hard
I was doing really well with this Linked Data stuff until they started talking rapidly about vocabularies and relationships. :(
Such a charming way with words, Meg! RT : Sandy cold feet and planets overhead.
ugh. Almost. Damn it.
more than a couple loll
Okay..that new SWAMPS song..let me pit.
I loathe boring powerpoints and clip art equally...
- It's a pity that this kind of news no longer shocks the conscience.
Chevy is killing it. Great ads. Great branding. Good job guys!
#keepintouch with the old thoughts and RIP'S that keep us going
When you buy a magazine just for that one poster of Austin.
will u plz follow me. it would mean the world to me!
happy birthday
It never gets old when my dad goes from blasting inappropriate rap music to heart-felt country music.
Hi Julie! Thank you for following me. Hope your weekend is wonderful!
Always a great feeling!!
Back to the grind on my #screenplay. Trying to keep pace with amount of page numbers with
Di and I are headed there in a bit… was the wait long?
wrapping up a long day. A client upgraded her home office with a new #iMac and a #HP desktop along w wireless HP ENVY Printer. They r ballin
By the beard or Zeus...haha...
Mother's Day is just around the corner; Personalized gifts available at NYC Printing 123. From Personalized Mugs to Personalized...
Your acct has been hacked & is sending dms with links to malware. Time to change your password.
thats society for ya-.-
I actually have that I will check it out.
Headed to Madison to cover the turning in of recall petitions by Democrats.
The new "Cover 2 Cover" album from is almost ready for Mastering. Summer release planned.
- Open the calendar event to edit reminders, make sure you enter an End-Date, let us know if you need any help
When your name pops up on my phone screen, my heart skips about 748293 beats.
Excited to be back in philly after 2 yrs and to speak today. Brushed my hair for the occasion.
Yes, I'm going to Sunday but hope to go Saturday and Friday somehow. I'm from Seattle and live here again.
And hell begins now
Ryan Holmes just answered my question about social media and privacy live! :) I'm constantly amazed by the connections soc media can bring!
(cont) What is more surprising, friends as #tradesecrets or #MySpace is relevant again?
I hate when it's cold outside and then I go in a warm place and my glasses fog up.
yeah I got sick like the day after, no body aches, just a cough, runny nose. Finally getting over it.
great follow for bruce updates “: JOHNNY 99”
LED news: Taiwan Tekcore Installs Two Dow VaporStation Central Delivery Systems.
I LOVE MY MOM AND DAD. Thank u both for everything
True that!
I never find the need to be on my phone around my parents.
No patience.
That would be the most productive day ever. MT Twitter, Google, Facebook should join in [on SOPA blackout].
New Acting Resume coming up soon!
Whats some good websites you use to read up on health & fitness? (Workouts, articles, etc..)
"I can't use my phone left-handed!"
. Yes! Bc I'd seen that, I knew she was perfectly cast the moment I saw HG trailer. In both, she is fearless protector of children.
haha then I guess we have something in common. :)
The #Superdome show Jack wrestled on in 1987 actually drew about 3,000 fans, just 57,000 shy of his projection
Apr 14,1942: Nicolson diary: Roger Keyes is bitter against Winston. He feels he has lost his courage and capacity for taking risks.
AWH! #blushing How are you Mr. Ulrich? [:
Our giveaways for Thursdays Nutrition Through the Bump Event are SO ROCKIN! We can't wait to give them away! Everyone takes home a gift f…
I got a pair of tix burning a hole in my pocket...giving 'em away in 5 min. -
Have fun...RT Bookin it to Milwaukee to work a little and play a little. Taking Lil Fin to his first Brewers game tonight!
aww, and i'll still be in fla.. Have fun.RT": this time next week I'll be in NC!! :-)"
No you dont, you just assuming
You know was one of my profs at Duke?
Words with Friends with Benefits
I love it :D
If Rep. Schmidt loses her primary, it would be the most shocking primary upset since now Rep. Roe beat then Rep. Davis in 2008.
I love it when We're confused so you just say I love you<3
thanks for the mention! can't wait to see you there!
wrote the book on "“ignorance, belligerence, and dishonest rhetoric."
It's choice - not chance - that determines your destiny. ~Jean Pierre
can't get on the train without a card or a marta pass.
you too. Go #Packers!
hahaha! Hell yeah!
Don’t let the past steal your present. -Cherralea Morgen
I miss you to Jess RT : Just seen my homie CORNDOGGYY the gas station!!! Aww i missed that guy!!!!
So Liverpool lost...again?
We'll miss ya RT : Last day at the offices & playing "Time of yr Life" as I'm leaving. ha. thx all, ive rlly enjoyed it
me either..kinda bothering me -.-
twitter is better
Think I might OD tonight. Love some of you guys. Remember me, a worthless human being.
Snow in Chardon--check! CHOCOLATE POMEGRANATE MILK STOUT! Yep! Come try one for some early Valentine's Day sweetness!
lol you tagged Kayla twice......someone's still drunk
It's the big 4H show / auction - hubby has bidder# and will be bidding via phone to support the kids
yeah, no problem! also. yeah...totally can hear that. haha
There seems to be two main communication styles on Twitter - functional insight, and daily life insight. Guess which is the valuable one!
no worries homi.
#Tigers OF Delmon Young reinstated after suspension
#SignsThingsArentGoingWell Leonardo DiCaprio is in your dreams. (Not in a good way)
hey..checkout my bros music vid on youtube...supra-My Dreams Are Our Dreams..hes a rapper who talks about real things..
congratulations! October babies are awesome. ;)
This cougar ass lady just looked at me.. Then smiled at me. Smh
Hi Jessica, suggested me to meet you about our new product called the cellhelmet. We would love to show you.
No, but it's the perfect time and place for traumatic brain injuries!
oh my gosh, I love the feeling of being caught up and having a clean desk and calendar. It's like a cool breeze on a warm Summer's day :)
What stands out more: white font on black background or black font on white background?
Romney thinks people should discuss his assaults only in a "quiet room"
aww thanks! We have to meet up at a meet and greet or something!
I'm just kicking it out here you know, that'd be great for real
we should be ok... No Cubs fans!
I think Nicki & Nas could make a great couple 👫
You're on! Thunder in 7, Old Raj Gin martini for me; Laker win, your drink of choice.
Buy properties 30% below market or more : info.sunnyislesmiamihomesforsale.com/
Also, the guys behind the Old Style Bar Project are available for advertising spots...we've both got a great face for radio...
You did a wonderful job. It's beautiful!
i called you. text me =D love u too brther!
Garrett Carey:1952-2012. remembers him for his gentle spirit & proving that supportive housing is the solution to homelessness.
Where are the high notes?
follow back:D x
Practically perfect people dont let sentiment muddle their judgement!
that quote really resonated with me too!
hey woman, you were in Monday's paper. I have it, if you want it?!
“: Mayweather on 24/7. Great tv” -- it has been unseasonably warm this year...
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Jr Phenom: Gerald Lawson I ⁰Rising 8th ⁰Honolulu, HI ⁰Travel Team: Le Jardin Academy Bulldogs ⁰Point Guard 5’7
A little girl with autism puts her bicycle helmet on when I'm around; I must be "hazardous!"
is Zubrus on waivers, i see some reports online... but ???
efff. I forgot today is Thursday. Sorry I have completely failed you. Lmao
Thanks for the follow :D!
harry's when he says "us"
#OWIF: "I and my companion, Randyl, merely wished to see who climbed aboard our society's boat. You see, something smelled fishy."
I'm almost beating mom on my playcount #embarassing #whoops (cc: )
Totally fired up after seeing lead guitarist extraordinaire rocking it out again with tonight!
How's that song go?
my feet are falling asleep. and i just took some tylenol, I realized shortly after it expired in 06 :( sup???
Its kfc bitch
lmfao yeah fuck no, school can do die.
"They lump us together like we're one big uterus." -Lizz Winstead
": Happy Founder's Day to Theta Chapter of Latinas Promoviendo Comunidad/Lambda Pi Chi Sorority, Inc. !! GREAT BBQ EVENT TODAY :D" :)
would you like me to go for pictures
ughh dont feel good .. should start my spring break hw..
call me por favor c:
Loaded up on more Dev training for 2012
whats up twatters? who is doing something exciting today?
Producer loves story by on PSU grad students' idea to help Portland "food deserts" w/mobile grocery.6:30pm
Austin has a 'Mickey Mouse' pillow. ♥ RT if you wish you were that pillow......what Austin lays his head on everyday (;
I know..I do not spam, but please send a tweet to him? Please, We thank you always
First day back to school. Omg it's hard.
Can you persist until it becomes habit? I know you can!
seeing Nick Jonas in T-20 minutes 💜❤
Fire Queen, Ben, Ciro and I might be rollin friday to big i.
I hope Secret Service are behaving over there
Nothing like an evening pole dancing class at to make the day seem so much better!
I have just finished and put up on Amazon Kindle and print on demand my new book, " Toni Attell's, Just Kidding! Stand-Up Comedy for Kids …
we played just outside eustis Florida. It would have been amazing to see you. Next time we're in Florida for sure!
He also shows that a Turtle can talk trash.
RT What are your favorite healthy week-night recipes? // lookin at you here chef dads,
Been a long day!
Directing my first short movie, a 1920s love story.
Can't decide what's worse, more traffic or more Humpdashian news
Never get tired of listening to Gets me every time.
brb while I go ya know kill myself
whoa girl. Check you out! Def need to. Food down there SUCKS.
Yuck Claire Foy well I'll still give this show a chance even though I still dislike her!
I love how my aau team plays, we play hard, we play together, we play with trust, and we love the game! Good weekend
that is very odd, sir. Lol
Dance like there's nobody watching; love like you'll never be hurt; sing like there's nobody listening; and void where prohibited by law.
no response? I guess hanging up on callers is how adults handle things
ADAM BOMB
oh no:'( #RIPAngel she's in a better place now.
OMG the new Naruto movie...waking up early tomorrow to eat breakfast and watch it, study, then go for my permit and some errands. <3 NIGHT!
Thank you for your quick assistance!!!!
Don't make plans for tomorrow night unless it's getting down to Vegas StrEATS! See you there.
Really? I thought all website betting was illegal except if done in Vegas. I hope I didn't cost you a million dollars!
Hey everyone...only a couple more days to get your deposit in for the Heartland Worship Institute before the next price increase.
Where do you post proofs that a customer hasn't chosen when you know it's not always the art work that disagrees with the client, perhaps m…
You are very welcome, When I do pencil drawings I always use Prismacolor for their bright and clean colors. New to Twitter.
Medallion hunting. Coming home with $10,000 or not coming home at all.
Thanks for retweeting me!
Just left the Lanvin, Givenchy, Carolina Hererra and Zegna showroom...oh how I wish!
little poison for the system.
Thank you so much for the RT. We appreciate your support:D..
Bleacher Report: Dallas Cowboys 2012 Draft: Evaluation and ...
Dontcha wish ya girlfriend was hot like me!?
My desire to hear new AHAF shines even brighter, I just don't want to pressure your creative flow
Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says "If an emergency, notify:" I put "DOCTOR". What's my mother going to do?
I'm so proud of you!!! <3
. Creating articles is cool.
I'll keep up the fight, & you feel free to bring the nerd rage when you like. Good stories are worth it (the fight & the rage)
went too hard on those shoulder presses yesterday eh?
Jessica Sanchez: 'Bohemian Rhapsody' - USA TODAY (blog)
Glasses broke -___-
CSR Strengthens Its Audio Platform with High Fidelity Class-D Amplifier Technology
Watching Once Upon a Time on ABC. I think I'm hooked.
I know some soldiers in here (where they at, where they at)
i can't wait to go deep sea fishing tomorrow
Wait, cold stone or corner stone? Either way you are fucked! It's gonna come outta your ass or your mouth! Haha!
And more exciting news! is nominated for nominated for the 2012 Mallets Instrumentalist of the Year!
… your books are amazing I can't stop reading them …please follow me:)
Girl on the train walked by with a beer. yup!
...as a Pir in a dream?
Bi-Polar Bears usually attack without warning, then sob for hours while eating leftover walrus.
Best high ever RT : coffee after a three month hiatus is unbelievable.
#peoplewhomatter God,my family,and <3
A little Nascar....a little Indy....a little Vegas.....hm......
Brilliantly done!
A very happy #LaborDay! "Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life." - Confucius
I want to go to sleep but I'm hungry
We've got our first EP Fear Of Missing Out on iTunes. Please check it out if you've got a couple dolla bills.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Wow, I'm only 100 away from 1000 followers - neat.
Thank You so much for you support!!
Ibanez reaches after Chris Davis boots the ball. Two runs cross the plate to even things up at 5-5. Ibanez credited with one RBI.
Bathhouse in Vegas?
i am true to my own heart
Oh it IS trendy. Along with "I thank Jesus/God/My Goat for this award." Fuck that. But in terms of BEING humbled..
How nice--to feel nothing, and still get full credit for being alive.
Don't know who had more fun on that walk me or Toni
and I can't wait! Is going to be there?
I hope someone figures it out and does something because this guy has made way too many errors to play as often as he does
I be buying thangz just to buy thangz.
GOODNIGHT PLANET EARTH
Have a happy and safe Cinco de Mayo tomorrow!
Thanks for the follow. More importantly, thanks for speaking for the trees!
Hi im a hater, welcome to the internet. Smh
South Carolina i'm coming for yah... Get reaady South Carolinanians
Las Vegas tonight
We need to start celebrating greatness while the prsn still exists. Lauryn Hill is one of our many legends still living.
I want Vic Fuentes, end of story!
loving my Kansas Jayhawks #RockChalk!!!!! #KU Bill Self so proud of the team
jus in the studio wbu beautiful
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
I know, right?! I can't wait to be 21! But at the same time I like being young haha
Please hide the fire extinguishers
hugh hefner has the slip and slide that goes down the hill on his back yard at the mansion
It's time for Bob Ross!
TY so much, Adriana, for the RT of my blog on consequences of zero.
how come? Followers getting upset? Lol
- 5DmkIII silent mode & RATE button have been awesome for street photography while traveling
I dont get why yr fellow boingers keep blogging about the "side projects" of paten toll Nathan Myhrvold as if he deserve support.
is it my imagination or did the visual.ly embed used to have a share button? and now it's gone? i could be imagining things...
#sinceWeBeingHonest people are gettin crazy about how funny they say you are..
Heyy #RObotz! Got some very exciting news for you coming soon!
RT "Bored UCLA Student Joins Libyan Rebels." With any luck he'll be boring us to death with books about his "brave deeds" in no time
Oh..so can't wait for the #Devils and #Rangers to faceoff in
When written in Chinese, the word "crisis" is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity. ~JFK
I smile cause I have nothing to frown about
that's crazy how you and your son making the exact same face! Your twin
all happy memories. It's tough for sure. Hope you're having a nice day too. xoxoxo
really LOVED your talk. Not always sure soft dev is the place for me so super cool to see lean principles used elsewhere
#dontyouhate when your stuck at someones house...and there getting drunk or buzzed.. and you wanna go see your bf/gf really bad!! well ik
talihuffyq Green Car Congress: Volkswagen posts best March sales ...
I just hope the ticket I booked on Continental for ALA from CLE->LAX on Wednesday is not borked. LOL
forward to seing u on the 30thtwinkieclark
Where does the time go? Playimg catch up!
Did you guys read those recent parenting articles from and ?
Escaping the Nazis, Dr. Lise Meitner achieved her most famous discovery-nuclear fission.We need more #women in Science!
Congratulations Todd!
Awww and no Justin isn't following me I'm still hoping for a follow someday!!! Is he following you??? :)
I was in Rome 8 years ago and saw #redpants everywhere, I'm glad to see it's still happening. It makes me smile.
RT : Last Ocean League Game ever at Bev. Gotta end it with a bang.
Those cantatas there are great - plus w/ the conservatories + Handel & Haydn, you get the Mass in B every year!
excuse me. Season3 is great. Wacking Day.
Feeling down :(
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your updates and tweets. Cheers from San Diego! :)
I sure hope so. Still don't think he's ready for Martinez. But all signs point to it happening.
Today's social media tip: Think about all of the possible responses you could get from a particular hashtag before you implement it.
Ha. RT : Colorado's standing over in a corner being like, "YOU KNOW WE HAD AN #EARTHQUAKE TODAY TOO."
Two words:
Well, just earned themselves a well-deserved unfollow.
Amen RT ": Ur life is the biggest prize"
Happy "birthday" angie
i had no ride and no time
#wallycarmine just sounds ridiculous
Last nights pep rally for Exteme Makeover: Home Edition was inspiring. Great to see all the support from the community!
Go follow the most amazing guy ever he is the most amazing ever!!!
I always liked that line. :-)
Crying Doesn't Mean You're Weak!
Watching Cookoo's Nest for the first time. I never knew it was a Taxi prequel.
hi thx for following me, let's tweet sometimes have nice day.
Finally made my Amazon MP3 album purchase to test out Cloud Player. So far, I love them both.
ha! RT : I turned my phone on "Airplane mode" and threw it. Worst Transformer ever.
Eek! My cat had escaped outside, but luckily we found her and she is now safe and sound
Big Ten A's kick off the season tonight at Warner 1 at 7:30 PM! Come watch Jones, Padgett and the rest of the boys as they play Schoolers!
nope I'm headed to Noodles & Co
“: Mango's <3” Yes! We ended up there on Thanksgiving night after the lost souls party! Do a Jagerbomb for us!!!
email us your your address well send you some!!!
The battle for the basement! Go
Did everyone catch that Washington Generals burn against the Yotes? Wow. Red Wings = Harlem Globetrotters?
School's a bitch this semester. Sorry I haven't been around. Money is tight so I may have to get my ass fucked in the near future.
sorry, i love you but I'm reppin' my nuggets gear right now. Even when the lakers lose. I'll still love you
Yes, in fact is a big fan of Nirvana.
Somebody with the initials CL has a birthday tomorrow. Turning 21, right?
#ItsCrazyHow You can be there for your friends all the time then when you need someone to be there for you noones around .
Philadelphia's Achilles' heal is its biggest (in size) sports stars' Achilles tendons.
#Huge RT Win a Trip For Six to the iHeartRadio Music Festival!
The best things in life are unseen, that's why we close our eyes when we kiss, cry, and dream ~unknown
RT : Todd helton has been fitted for contacts. Look for Jimmy armstrong's story on Denver post website. This could explain slump
Rooted my Droid Incredible today! I love #cyanogenmod!!!
And now celebrating the flyers win with apparently one of James Vanriemsdykes best friends who lives in newark... Shots.
aw, just a wee disagreement! :/ <3
One week from today Debra Dean will be in #ROC for #IfAllofRochester 2012! Do you have your copy of #TheMadonnasOfLeningrad yet?
I'm really tired tho
nice! Glad you liked it! What CF did you go to?
One of our projects this week involves text analysis. Want to use text analysis for your course/project? Stop on by for a consultation.
you forgot brilliant and good looking...
My Dad just tried to bribe the hostess to cut the line at Red Lobster. Ain't happening. Not even in Vegas?!
This day in 1949: San Diego's 1st TV broadcast by KFMB-TV, Channel 8. Not everyone had a TV then, so people gathered at appliance stores.
NOW broadcasting @ www.getrichradio.com Brian Moran! Listen now and win the $1000 CASH prize!
that moment when you click on "4 new tweets" hoping that one of them is a picture of Julie on her wedding dress<3
I can't imagine how proud u must be of Austin :') #SAYSOMETHIN <3
Thanks for the #FF!!!
I hear you!
Context might be important for the situation...
LOL OMG!! Komen maybe? RT : wish somebody Hint, Hint, Corporate Sponsor wld give us opportunity 2 retreat
You, sir, are a man I impeccable taste.
It's #LEAPDAY. Hope everyone is wearing yellow and blue!
Apparently, I've got that boom boom pow. Who knew?
Got every tpom dvd so far!! :-D
Bring home the ACC title!!!
#bartrivia tonight at #whiskeytango Starts at 7!! Get your team together.
Rams their competition in the NFC West keeps em in the hunt.
Lovin' the profile pic! And glad to see you back on !
RT Sometimes I feel like I'm at the end of the road.
30% chance of rain ='s 100% chance of bullshit coming from forecast.
I'm glad you have each other! There was no way I was going into the theater... not even for two of my favorite men!
“It’s only fair 2 warn you Jody,” the man confessed. “I’m a #Golf nut. I live, eat, sleep & breathe golf.” Read on @ www.icugolfstories.com
i love
#snip.it is most interesting, thoughtful, fun, informative. Highly valued by me. Need more conversation, but that is growing.
Woowee! Congrats, well deserved.
Put the little things aside and focus on what really matters
How can anyone ever be with a C? Its mediocre
was you cold today?
what in hell did I just do?
You know what... I got a list of those who LIKED my shit... and believe you me i wont forget... lets ride!!!!!! fuck it
We all wet our lips to prepare for a kiss but it never came
Wow, the email traffic in the office has sure slowed down in the last hour.
Cant wait to be back with new classes! Took a break to have a baby :) We will have more to post soon. Nama!
RT : Bring our troops home, start making stuff in America, make unions strong & single payer healthcare
I wanna give your heart a break
Tonight!! Great night planned.
Spock is by far who we are most excited about for honorary degrees at commencement
Its Simple Bra
pick any day next week. U know we'll take care of u. Just shoot us an e-mail! Thanks for the mentions..
downtown, tonight!
yeah u right
Lets go #Brewers so ready for this game. Win or lose this season has been amazing! Mke is proud of you. Let's get that W!
New form of intellectual disability discovered
its not.. & I'm freakin' pissed!
The same Corporate Executive Heads that said TA don't have a market placement are the same ones that are offering the deals now. SMH
I'm not going to take the same old Sedan...or the new one.
My Friend Renee just registered for the County Music MINI Marathon!
Oh trust me, i give big kudos for saying and doing what he does, takes Huge fuzzy balls of titanium.
I'm going places. It may be straight to hell, but at least I'm moving.
#Milwaukee #PickNSave on #LyonSt. Thank you for the great #customerservice. You really made my day!
@ the Library: I just sneezed HUGELY and scared a patron. whoops. Blame the pollen.
Thanks For Following!!Excited to check out some of your music!!
still too darn warm, I opened the doors too soon today and warmed the whole house up.
Watching #TheAvengers. Review to follow.
#PUREHOUSE RT : Tonight & will keep terrace grooving! twitpic.com/6do59x
These girls are nasty
I've seen some examples. I know has done some great things with his participants.
if servicio postal doesn't have it be sure to email us at help at goodrock dot com :>) they may send it back if u don't pick up
The #Revs are looking actually decent and the Sox might be on the verge of actually winning back to back. Knock on wood.
really wants to watch role models but cant! ugh
Full Plaza schedule coming this evening.
Arboretum adventure has begun! Headed for a picnic in the park and a day in the sunshine.
Aj Pierzynski will not be driving to the stadium after his speeding ticket last week
its no prob fam. I got yo back Mel. ;-] so... am i buggin too much? Or just enough? Lol
because you are tweeting about it 15 mins before it starts ...so no I won't be there. Can't wait to see one of ur shows soon
Why thankee sir. Where in the U.S. are you touring tonight?
oh lala ...enjoy chef
i know you can fly you didn't just fall from heavan.
Mixed Martial Arts coming soon!
you Ok? Gotta spend the night in Dallas?
Remember that song from Cool Runnings? Rise Above It. Yes.
Alex looks like an angel when he sleeps. :) these are the kind of moments that make me adore my job.
At the Cloud Road show, HP acknowledged the iLO and embedded lifecycle mgmt had fallen behind competitors, trying to leapfrog now
thanks for the follow! Let me know if you need some new furniture or new mattress! You now have a Mattrezzz Guy!!!
It's my birthday weekend great time last night but on to the next one.
Tonight's Music and Movies Event Has Been postponed. I will let you know when it has been rescheduled.
We experienced site difficulties overnight and apologize for the inconvenience. We're back up and running now. Thanks for your patience!
lol, how could you not want to.
Day 2 of my "Vampire Roadtrip" To Atlanta ----> Awesome !
Hey Scholars, if you could create, peer review, and publish your own journal - would you do it?
Shelbyville Screams is coming. Please RT!
Thanks for the RT!
Just ROCKED that nursing final.. Summers so close I can smell it!
Thanks for the agreement!
Someone come over, i'm rather bored.
UPDATING STAR CREDITS! FOUND YOU TUBE LINK FOR MY EPISODE OF THE BILL COSBY SHOW - “GOING THE ROUTE” - (#1.11) – 11/30/69 RODGER- MARK BROWN
No. you're grounded!
BIG fan tfar. Lists feature allows you to keep projects organized. No learning curve. Lots of ways to access
miss my son <3
I need twitter training.
Dear BA: You can't "Set up" a "natural" rival.
Ramon noodles an grilled cheese for lunch ^_^
realtor? Try Heidi at Restaino.. will look for #... wanna meet for coffee? yoga? wine?
I had one of those moments where you fall in love with a band instantly and all you want to do is keep listening.
prefer music but ill listen to all submissions. make sure its at lease a high quality mp3
Thanks for following me, it means alot! C: <3
good nite big bro
Wouldn't it be great to see a picture of Logan grabbing Kendall's ass? Or Carlos and Kendall actually spooning?
ill be working on the hat soon it will be your power up
#Playoffs where amazing happens
Congrats on the new position with ! Happy Friday!
Im so excited forbyou guys. Share some pictures, please. Send love from denver to him.
this is true.
Thanks for the follow! I was a journalism student too! When's graduation?
well at least I don't wear in n out shirts lol
JANEY!! You left me waiting at the alter. How could you??? hehehe!
I'm having too much fun. Must stop!!! NEVER!!!!!!!
Suck on This
Christmas episode was deep.... Great episode guys!
Classes for kids and adults begin this week. Find a complete schedule at www.brevardartmuseum.org. Call 254-7782 to register.
nah. Go with good ol' Dodger blue.
Do you still use Google+?
Back in Denver yahoo!
RT : what says you need at : sunglasses, scarf, fleece...hair spray won't help.
CP3, Bynum and Kobe on one team would have been fun to see; but, ultimately bad for LA. All 3 are injury risks and you have no depth
How do you bounce back from your failures?
So sorry to hear. Can you follow us so we can message you back? Want to figure this out and hear what happened.
FunnY'Fun
your shrimp Acadia was amazing!
White people- John I think we should get some franks Mexicans- ey ey Rudy, go get some wienies
thank you, love!!!
": Your born to live the life you deserve, to express yourself, to be only one person and one person only. And that is, you."
There's a guy walking around on the roof and it's terrifying. Noisewise.
I'm surprise, cause gang members always in trouble
This was an excuse actually used on board my ship when I was in the Navy. "Sorry Chief, I was laying in my rack sound asleep and I was dr...
Can you please give me more information about your may event so I can post it and get my members involved?
Looks like I am having an offsite by myself.
they're both mighty fine personalities, Bij. :)
Thanks for the mention in your Sunday article! Are you coming to bike the next Cleveland Critical Mass? :)
Jeff Suppan's perfect game has ended. Imperfect game has begun.
I'll totally accept that from you. Not from the T, though. They must remain privatal and do things privatally.
I'm very new too as of Wed of this week :) you are on my favs!
one more chance for the Sox If Pirates get more and/or Sox 3rd out so am I! very tired,ain't given up quite yet #gotobelieve w/no enthusiasm
This phlobotomist is super nice. Laughs at my jokes. I apologized for asparagus for lunch.
Thanks for the RT Greytdog. I've had several responses, and I think I found someone in Anchorage who will help me. You're awesome!
watch A day in the life of freak_unit
with and Jamie Long for #girlsnightout! Love my friends...and #happyhour!
Frustration keeps rearing its ugly head! Well I'm just going to stay focused and push on. Just a bump in the road.
Anytime Facebook wants to put out a functional app that is Fan Page admin friendly...that would be great.
Bin Laden, you now realize why nobody uses the "add your location" option to their tweets. Because they don't want to be killed.
Looking for a wardrobe change?? Stock up some amazing T-shirts
That's the UK band you were telling me about last month, right? :)
i have a crush on my best friend but i dont date friends
thnx mama pat for lettin me followin u on to twitter
Just got my parents omahasteaks, 67 including shipping for: 4 sirloins, pork chops, chick breasts, stuffed potatoes & 2 sole! saved over 100
DING DONG THE BITCH IS DEAD! ": Ohio St head football coach Jim Tressel has resigned #ncaaviolations"
Sometimes I'm lazy, I get bored. I feel scared, I feel ignored. I am happy, I get silly. I'm just an ordinary girl! (:
School starts Tomorrow #sad #kinda glad but it my Freshman year
That's no Cinco de Mayo on #ds106radio Sure sounds good though :-)
Even though the heat lost they still my team
Heading to the #whitesox home opener with my hubby!
#ExpertVisibilityTip: When wkg w/corporations, remember the people you're working w/may think very differently than entrepreneurs.
Chris Edmonds live from Walt #Disney World tomorrow morning.
whoever marries josh devine or his brother is one lucky bitch!
I wouldnt suggest it , I heard the class is a force and Dr. Diskant sucks as a teacher
Black groups are always the loudest -___-
Let me be your hero...
These announcements would be better placed on...twitter.
George W. Bush endorsed Mitt Romney for President yesterday. We don't need Bush 2.0
may i bother u for a ramen house rec?
Pretty sweet mixing from
Fuck you Beethoven. I don't wanna play your shit.
it's a thing now
I like Tofu when it is marinated!
Girls/Ladies do yourself a favor. Check over your shoulder, put the phone down and LOOK AROUND! Where are the REAL MEN not CREEPY WEIRDOs!
whose all going to that color class tomorrow?
ah! okay! Let me know!!!! Milly&Giuli time is much needed!
Lol!!! you tried #crossfit! this made my day!!! interested in a little more? check out :) great day!!!
Are you on ? We are! Type "Life Slides Down" in your search bar and enjoy our debut album Faulty Wiring.
Happy Easter <3
I'm in love with God.
Lovin that new
From London to Ibiza
I love the #entertainment business I'm there dude!
Are you taking on any new clients
Band merch printers & CD replicator saving the musician money with Top O' the Line products for nearly 20 years!! It's what we do & love it!
Holstein with mad cow disease was lame, lying down - Coos Bay World
In the event of my demise.. There's not much to say.
♥.♥ I LOVE YOUU!!! Je ti amo:$!! YOU ARE FCKING GREAT!!! Believe capital H-I-M(8)!!!! FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!!
Honestly you did it to yourself, so don't blame me.
I need to go to the hospital
yeah....got a glimpse here in town...very bright!
Just saw the trailer for RIPE. Can't wait to get our hands on it! Beautiful!
Also- the Popular page... Another instagram mystery. Everyone brace for 10 million pics of my cat and an accompanying YouTube page.
One week left of class then a nice break to finish a few paintings.
Fighting with the guy you really like <<<
Hey WWE Universe! Hurry up and tune into RAW. Already there? Good, now put down the remote and hop on Twitter for the rest of the night!
Where are you from?
With your blood in my hands, the purest romance will conclude.
But your Italian vineyard sounds awesome. I'm very fond of Brunello, Barolos and of course and IGTs and some whites.
Do digtl "representations" help explore the dual metaphor (body + perspective) more so than other representational technologies?
Elisha Justice was offered a scholarship this evening from Coach Rick Pitino. He will sign his LOI tomorrow.
Only one word comes to mind, there's only one word to describe....Holy.
I'm ready for a good show tonight!!!
It's always 5 o'clock twice a day.
im new to twitter..
Saltine crackers and grape juice taste the same coming back up... just in case.
Off to London tomorrow
When it comes to Casey Anthony I'm on #TeamHangThatBitch!
Off to commonwealth stadium with and go cats!
#mycrazyobsession with a beautiful voice
This is gonna bother me the rest of the night. WHY DID I GO UPSTAIRS?!
Boredom Hill no more! Mazel tov.
Ew, Summer A starts on Monday
#relationshipkillers RT There are many girls who would love a commitment loving bf. I am not one of them.
#6WordSciFiStory - I'll see you in the past.
How is it that a nice cruise around town with the windows down on a night like this only amuses me and no one else.
Worth the wait! RT: is a legendary #Seattle food truck. I saw people wait an hour at a food truck event!
34. ”Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.” - Truman Capote
just went up a mountain an way to many bees and we almost fricken rolled the car ugh what a day :/
aww thank you! :)
Not yet. My doctor ordered me ANOTHER thing to wear. Electro magnetic belt thing that helps with the fusion. Shits weird.
Cardio blast is no joke! But I feel great!!!
Tired of having a 917 area code? Change it to a 212 area code...we have plenty to choose from starting as little as $50.
i CAN NOT WAIT till this year is over.. i can't stand anyone at north anymore
I told you to be patient and I told to be fine and I told you to be balanced and I told you to be kind.
#Fitness #exercise Excuse of the Day: I don't like brocolli! What's your excuse?
thinking its cute and funny when a lion is trying to eat your kid through glass!!
and I'm gonna be 100000+ more fucked up :D
Salsa is fun. Keep it that way.
My auditions went great! And got to see my girl Dakota Raen Robbins - who was auditioning too!! : )
Scorpio sun, Aquarius rising
Because the maximum enrollment is actually set based on the student/teacher ratio rather than some random number.
« you don't care.»
head, will have a tomorrow again in a hell filled with pain, abuse, drug, lifeless job, poverty, death, war, homelessness, etc.
aww today's your birthday??
just called Stephanie "Spanish." Like, as is her name was Spanish.
whats up man!?
Who is the best foreign band you have ever heard?
lmao yeah they gotta do better than this
youre really gunna make me do this....
I'm afraid ALA for me this year would be all about RDA/FRBR and I'm all RDA/FRBR'd out (or will be by then). Thx for input.
“ If you rarely give a little more, should you really expect to get a little more? ” Sam Parker (1965 – ) Co-founder of GiveMore
Someone RT me a good Coldplay song please
Spring is in the air here in Pittsburgh today! :)
Help SoldiersHome win $25K in This Place Matters Challenge! Vote at tinyurl.com/3dljldk
Every day of my life, friend. Every day.
The Jerusalem Post: material and cultural loss of Armenians was enormous
After 3 its a distant dream :) MT": was literally in shock after first was born and I COULD NOT JUST READ."
+!|.++ SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX.. SEXY..SEXY.. GOGO DANCERS....SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
No wonder i feel like i'm in 2 places at once. ;-)
#Celtics with the lead at halftime now time for season finale of #HIMYM LOVE THIS SHOW!!
If they don't have chocolate in heaven, I ain't going
i have too much road rage today.
Train is keeping me up this morning smh
Louder than love, thats what we were. We were louder than love.
Hey I just met you, and this is CRAY-ZE
Just got stung on my nose it hurts
I'm joining the Catholic Church during tomorrow's Easter Vigil. Does that count?
All life is a vortex of experience centered around the one tweet you didn't think of.
make sure you go to Prague and get the street vendor cinnamon rolls!!
if i saw austin, i dont think Dave could hold me back.
Upstream. Great restaurant RT I'll be in Charlotte next Tuesday in time for dinner. Any good recs?
We're in CHI and roving #AWP. What's good?
Good point. Yea Nadal is actually exciting. Djokavic looked like a douche when he ripped off his shirt in the
When your mom asks you where Rack City is and she's for real. #oldpeopleproblem Hahhaahaha
Nothing happens, unless first a dream!. Carl Sandburg
wait a second...you're in SD???
Yessir! Can't wait to hang with you + this weekend!!
i hope >.< RT : It's okay. The pregnancy test will come out negative RT ": I'm so nervous, omg"
Rumors include a Diamond! : Stay tuned...we will be announcing Auction Items for our April Monopoly event this week!
Everyone that has BTN, at 7 check out #UM vs #IU baseball. My man Eric Jacobson starting at 2nd for UM.
I hope that someday, all the hours I spend working will count towards one job instead of split against two.
(FRIDAY) GRAD BASH @ STATUS... GRADS FREE ALL NITE - ALL ACTIVE UF GREEKS IN FREE BEFORE 12AM - ALL VIP GRADS DRINK FREE CHAMPAGNE
My voice is dying again because I'm crying ad screaming about #Avengers again.
we skyped last weekend
Plus the RG crowd was electric as opposed to the Memphis crowd being shocked. small nod to Clips for road game and time remaining.
Get your ass back to work. Major breaking news tonight. SDPD officer shot.. doesn't look good.
Just arrived in Austin hopped into a cab with the saxophonist from Duzhekew and heading into the #SXSW madness..flightdelays
I am thinking 0 - 12 - who do you think we will beat on today's performance?
Jenny McCarthy should play the crazytan mom in the movie of her life. No. In the porn movie of her life.
Welcome to Madison!
Avoid overeating: Prepare your plate before you sit down. Lean protein should be the size of a deck of cards.
Dang why you gotta make it sound so harsh?! lol
has been nominated via Twitter to be our new Dance Group of the Week! Congrats!
Have to study for biology test and ECA algebra :p
if I made a video of me rapping your songs, would you watch it? lmao
keep us posted about your discoveries! Please!
WHAT!? I am just watching episode 5. Can't believe they didn't buy those jackets. Think you're right: BROKE.
New pic published: Portraits of New York Why this site is called Portraits of New York
Time for the bikinis!!
sorry, I had to run cuz I have to be up early early, and you know me, not the best morning person...soon though :)
😱 what do you have to do?
It is wise to apply the oil of politeness to the mechanism of friendship. -Sidonie-Gabrielle Colette, writer
No prob man! We're pumped to have ya in the ranks!
With their 3rd round pick, the #Seahawks selected Wisconsin QB Russell Wilson.
At final dress for for John Musto's The Inspector. The orchestra is laughing already... It's going to be a funny show!
He's "too busy" to pay attention to anything that doesn't involve him.
- thank you cuz. ❤
hey Skip i didnt know we were playing The Venezuelan national Baseball team today
Body pump is really really hard.
Really bad start to my day this morning.... 😒
hey Chicago what do you say
I miss desperate housewives, just going to watch some of this season
RT If You Want Your @ Name To Be In The MB Poster I'm Having MB Sign August 16th (Must Be Following Me So I Can Write It Down)
I get to go to Wisconsin with my boy soon (:
Ruling in a cruel way and then having me feel hopelessness in anything I say or do! Never!! Oppression and Depression deleted from earth!
Somebody explain why there were 4-5 horses grazing near railroad tracks in North Philly???
Hey Jay Leno! Why you gotta hate on Milwaukee?!
When I was little.. people used to make fun of my lips :/
Vision always comes before mission. You have to know where you're going before you can figure out how to get there.
Will do! RT : We would love it if you could write us a review on the iTunes store! :)
Happy Mother's Day
I stay late to school
I own 'The Name of the Rose!' in French and English. :D
Omg! Go home already and stop ruining our parks and preventing those who have jobs from putting food on the table.... ~�shelley�~
And the #Houston #Astros win it!
Enjoy your day :)
ten minutes of spartan football was more exciting than the national championship
EVERYONE! follow and !(:
Hello Katie! Happy Monday
Hello Restaurant Report Card! How I love you. Thanks, !
Another actual PR pitch in my inbox: "You hear horror stories everyday about stolen iPads." You do? Horror stories? You need to move.
DAMN LOLL
smh see you tried to play me already lol
Hey, ladies. I can't be everywhere tonight, so watch out for yourselves. But if you do see me, come by & say hello.
this niggas name is worldpeace and he's elbowing niggas in the face.
when ppl stick out their hand in lieu of a hug to pass the peace while saying amen to sermon on gentleness, kindness or love
Audition for the independent film "That Bitch" today.
Excited that people are (finally) coming back to the city!
So many people ask if I'm related to Kobe. Obviously not, or I'd be livin large, doin' big boi thangs.
IT geeks fit thecategory of stupid, no class, no style and look like trash
the other Citeh opted for a tour of Asia. Everything I heard the real Citeh was locked until they decided Asia.
Recently found & finally other directioners from new York!
yeah ㅋㅋ it is going to awesome
Yes..you're right. But the order was faxed and now I'm waiting for results.
I can do that :-) do you work there?
someone will eventually die before the block #Keyes #reaction... Wtf
20 years ago the NBA lost Magic Johnson to a life or death situation. Let's hope the NBA doesn't lose a season now because of money
I love it when you a wear a pair of tights so many times they become crotchless.
on me her do
Okay GOOD! :)
Thanks so much!
damn i lost my phone
Looks like a number of tweeters are upset they won't walk away w/ a formula for ROI. Thumbs up or thumbs down on this panel?
Thank you kindly!
Guess that was in a fairytale
an article about a typical scam in ur hood
Thank you! I'm excited! :)
Why live life knowing the outcome? Thats boring.
yay! Glad to hear class is still kicking ass and taking names.
yes ma'am... I play it everyday against Raven.....
Her azz suppose to be curse out but I let her slide because she ain't worth it..that's why I wake up say my prayers and belike f**k a nigga
Technology takes center stage at educational conference - Imperial Valley Press
At LA Asian Pacific Film Festival screening short I was in. Love filmmaker energy at festivals.
has a low tolerance for drunken, promiscuous freshmen. True life: I am an RA.
Congrats to you & our Houston Cougar football team on the HUGE win today over Tulsa!! We're proud of you guys!!
Orioles looking good but are they for real?
It was tough. I just had to look through my list of followers.
"Maybe it's not my weekend but it's going to be my year" I love those guys, such a great band.
got my tank and wore it to #crossfit. Everyone loved it! I'll take a pic in it soon! Def gonna order more when I get a job!
Is Chuck serious w/this "Melo being the best offensive plyr?' crap. U btr recognize, son.
Art Fact- Jackson Pollock was nicknamed 'Jack the Dripper'.
Missing Survivor AND the Pacers game because of work. Not cool!
I'm in the mood for love.
OH: I don't have any feet pictures.
no, she's giving one to us in class! chapter 13 :|
Small government is the key to an American Recovery.
Blue isn't blue until blue turns blue and when blue turns blue it's possibly blue and when blue turns blue, blue is orange.
The truth about PM and pastygate: he ate a sausage roll: David Cameron has been offered a lifeline in the great ..
and Barry Bonss is at the plate
It's a beautiful Sunday afternoon and I am setting up my makeshift studio to film a commercial audition. Only action on this one. Here I go!
oh hey just thought if say that snobiggie shaved ice is AMAZING!!!! :)
Do you work in the service industry? Take a break and join us for SIN night tonight where we have tons of specials from 10 p.m. - close.
What are you looking forward to on #ReachTheBeach? Sunset over haystack rock? Great riding? The camaraderie?
still poppin fire works?? so what bitch
awe i'm really sorry to hear that i know how you feel, i had to put mine down last year after my bday =[ i'll keep you in....
Haha, might have to quit (for the day) while I'm ahead.
I know me too. I thought it was finally finding its footing.
This guys last name is Twogood. That's gotta b fake.
lane Happy Halloween!!!
Possibly. Local paper here in #cville is doing some good things with social media.
You're welcome, keep tuned
Hey i'm a Mahomie/Belieber.. (:
Had a GREAT time at the Chicago alum event! :-) Someone needs to plan more events! (Not me, I already do that for a job)
Cassette tape!! Now that's funny!
Alright, Ben. Stop saying "classic" like it's hilarious. It's almost as bad as "clutch." You're one step away from the lowest of lows.
It's already in the 40's on my early-morning walk to work. Winter is going to be really hard!
I've never had one of those Carvel Whale Cakes. What was that whales name?
gay :s tomorrow afternoon I'm coming again! Around 12 or 1?
On the bright side, a lot of great dinosaurs are unclaimed. California should be T. Rex: big reputation, struggles somewhat in practice ;-)
Don't even get me started on Phaedra with her over the top celebrations. She is going to ruin her chid. I. just. can't.
Charles, I'll follow back when your timeline says something other than, 'followback?'
OMG I love Danza Kuduro by Don Omar lol idk what they sain but i still get down to it
In the studio today recording lead guitar tracks for our new song 'Feel'. Coffee, McMuffins, and amps! This is the way to start the week!
I agree. I should have gone this year. I have been playing "I wish I was in New Olreans" by Tom Waits most of the day.
As much as it hurts, its time to move on from you://
Yay, stuck at the DMV all day.
#ThankyouThursday to new followers look forward to #dogood tweets
Hey im a girl im 14yrs old and im weird and fun and my dream is to become famous and smart and live a happy life come
If I Had A Gun, I wouldn't use it because I'm MacGruber!
lol its not always my fault my mother so times takes her time getting ready!!
ha ha
Glad to see #RedSox winning, but they need to do that against playoff teams, not just doormats. Now looks like Crawford out-elbow surgery.
Thanks for the laugh, Pau!
Know the difference between confidence & conceit.
And by the way... Why did we work so hard to make pictures so clear with expensive cams to have the quality degenerated by a program?
Everything's on me.
when Im driving I pretend Im testing 2 b a stunt driver. guy in the passenger seat on his walky talkys saying, shes good. Shes really good
RIP Dick Clark.
that was kind of a boob shot... Thoughts on black at a May outdoor wedding?
lightning is so pretty<3
It was great seeing you again on Saturday at the HU graduation. Thank you for all the wisdom!
The Clippers are called "Lob City" but it's the Lakers who lead the league in alley-oops! #lakers>clippers
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. Einstein
Used to have fast internet here in columbia heights, but performance is slow as molasses today. Whats up
I wasnt that drunk... Dude... you congradulated a patato for getting the part in toy story!
lol.let me know how it is....are you also having activation problems?
That stupid grin you can't get off your face when you really like the person you're texting.
WILL YOU BE THE FIRST TO ROCK A YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS T SHIRT?? TIME TO GIVE THE YOUTH VOICE A PLACE AT THE TABLE! AGREE?
I'm touring the 2nd Ave Subway now w US Rep John Mica, Transportation & Infrastructure Committee Chair, and officials.
Agreed. However the bowel movements are horrible.
REALLY trying to resist the free fries today.
Lets go to GoodWill ? (; bahahaha
I just checked my call log... I'm off tomorrow tho, feel me in on the cruise
Nahh I'm good..taking a nap :)
that's gorgeous!
Check that, Wake should find out if he can knuckle that stupid crystal ball into a brick wall. I mean seriously?
am I loved or am I hated?
Our community members understand it is a competition with only so many awards. They see other benefits beyond the prizes.
oh no!
Vinny do a Donna Summer dance tribute!!
Prom Season is approaching...what is your favorite memory from your prom?
#Little500 pro tip: Be cool. Police are everywhere this week. If you're underage, don't drink. If you drink, stay out of trouble.
Next trip is to Foxwoods for the 1200 main event in may. Who's gonna be there?
she's a friend fromfb and I was goin to audition for the bbw project but I didn't make the cut$
Sky Lounge Night Club your place to be in St. Patrick's Day!!!.Wear green tonight and no cover, no line. Great Drink specials!.
We're at booth 1112. Come see all the new books and say hi!
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime - let's hear it for Ren and Stimpy
missing the lone star state today, it'd be so nice to go for a drive
was at majestic, now dane
thank you well ill see on monday if the radiologist calls us I can get another X Ray to see how bad it is
New Nike #Bears jerseys are sweet!!! Well done!
he is! He makes friends with my friends e_e
I Love Jordan Benker Because no one is doing this. i feel alone.
hello! lol. i'm alright how bout you?
"Oh, so what you're saying is that the records are *old*? Pardon me, I misspoke. Old records can be thrown away."
RT : Authentic leaders build more leaders, not a bigger following.
Stay away from old triggers
#Scandal was so good last night!!! Unexpected twists and turns! Can't wait to learn more about the "Gladiators'" pasts! ☺
Great UK tour! Now onto our month-long US jaunt...Sacramento tomorrow night at Luigi's
OK MAKE SURE ITS GOOD MUSIC
I might go see but I graduate next week and I have finals bullshit to do. So no promises but I'll try.
No thanks.
Too bad LA, Miami and Farmington were so far away growing up.
Hey eveyone, Biz Kid$ Real in rochester is asking all of you guys to come support us @ the Corn Hill festival this weekend July 9&10, 2011.
was amazing on #americanidol!
really impressive. I gotta get moving again.
thanks for the follow!!! Very appreciated!!!!
they cheating OKC!
Agreed. And yes, I'm a
I am just glad the "lost year" is behind us...
haha i punched a wall playing basketball!
New Photos..check out my "looks" photo album.
I saw 21 Jump Street last night. Some pretty good laughs. BTW we need to catch up. It's been awhile.
so now that Samsung released the source code for the Samsung fascinate how long until we see an official release of sweet cm7 :-)
I dont ever wanna leave
Reaching out to use your phone 📱😳
RT : if u know of any RN,CRRN work comp jobs could u let me know?i wanna move & my lease is up in 1 month
Wow....quickly down to 4!
I like your shirt! :)
Thank you for telling my life story in song. Time to slit my wrists.
"Bodies Hit The Floor" Mutha Fuka In The Deck
mine is 2 we get out June 10th
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of a tootsie roll pop?
#dickinsonproblem no attractive people
“: Maybe I should just turn into a media robot and follow the norm.” well that would be mighty boring
Joy is the simplest form of gratitude
Making muffins since 7am...
Bet It Sir i Need Some From Yhu
Guess I'll go to popeyes even tho it's for coons.. Lol
Make sure you are following us on Twitter for tips on exercise allergies this week.
You should also check out , our other cataloger on the Time Capsules project!
that's dope
Making coffee cake today (for the first time!) hope it's yummy.
We all have that 1 person that we always have feelings for no matter what. Just one look, and it takes you right back to that moment. :)
I know right?!?!
if you think im pretty lms.
Are you gonna trim your pubes? or just suprise the lucky lady? HA!
Just got back from the gym, second time today! 2 A Days are back.
Patrón we meet again..
Getting ready to go take on this day & make it a great one!
Don't get me wrong I like sluts cuz they the quickest way too to a nut and They KEEP YO CHICK AT HOME IN CHECK CUZ SHE KNOW WHATS OUT THERE!
Damien Hirst taxi doodle fetches £4,700: An autograph book containing a hastily scribbled sketch of a shark has ..
We hold renovation ed sessions for free 3x a yr! Also a V2V bus tour 2x a yr.
Missed call from the old man, can't be good !
Congrats on landing a gig in Milwaukee! Means I will definitely have to head north and visit soon. I'm well...job searchin'
Dick Clark had a miscarriage? - Gonzo. Wow.
umm you should
haha! Yes, subtle ;)
Captain America!
the New York Times. Hard to find in Alabama.
feel better!
Kentucky Basketball is a joke of a program. They saw 2 losses w IU & UNC on the schedule and managed to cancel both in 1 year
Man I was telling my cuz that story yesterday lol
Going to the shooting range.. let off some built up tension.. sorry I'm not your typical female #ILoveGuns :)
Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success. #TAF #followngain ? #TFB ? #500ADAY?
realizing too that world exploded while i was off-comm writing today; can't tell if i feel like a good grad student, or a bad sociologist.
nice pics of warblers
Ask Bonni Graham about her "bring me a rock" video recording story
Jonny Henderson: Real-life Superhero
Making some incredible plans... :)
Love her! RT : Tonight the host of #CMChat, will be our guest on #mediachat Be there at 10pm EST
most definitely. EMU for undergrad, worked at the Sidetrack, and grew up in Belleville down the road.
These kids have no respect for authority.
Don't miss out, Neon Party Tonight ! The best gay Sunday nite party just got hotter!
When Tom sits behind me in bio and attempts to choke me halfway thru the period....... 😳
Had a great time with ! Now on to Nashville!
If you're gonna play, then play you're cards fuc*in right.
just looked up Gregor Mendel. He doesn't look a bit like I've always pictured him. I'm strangely disappointed by this.
And so we shall go to war.
I like it what's your favorite from Sierra Nevada?... On road?
There's cake!
Importance in digital advocacy - showing up to events is rare to Grandia - too busy. Online allows participation
Ah! We have to hang out! I'm taking the SAT tomorrow morning so basically my Dad has me on house arrest.
So much red at the emmy's! Love Lea Michelle!
lol he is so silly
C'mon Captain.
