dang! Well can't wait to hear your news!
OMFG I JUST WATCHED THEM ALL
LOL, guy got so mad I flipped him off for cutting me off, he parked himself and wouldn't go. Fool, you're obviously the one in a hurry, IDC.
Adam Yauch out. Hell of a run.
RT and Follow future STAR twitter
"I'm going to sleep. You can do what you want." There's that old Don spirit!
Cable cost are out of control!
Hoping this doesn't get posted on FB.
Calling Rosa a swamp donkey?
• Hey that's the one pitch I can throw!!!
CBS's Xfinity Monday Live guest tonight—Broncos Tight End and Former CSU star Joel Dreessen. Come join us! Tavern Downtown 6:30-7:00 LIVE!
Roomer has it that Miley is going to do a duet with shakira, what do you think? Can we count on that? She never did a duet with Justin.
Haha. I'm sorry!
New PT-Seattle Passenger Ferry Service receives federal funding www.peninsuladailynews.com/article/20110816/news/308169997
Those are the Kobe fans u pissed off....lol :-)
sounds great!
Haha! We'll see what happens!
fuuuuu- ! Well damn , I don't even wana go with practical strangers >:(
Kenny Chesney & Zac Brown playing @ FedEx field tomorrow @ 430 pm
On Broken Wings are now on BMTH. TBS tickets go on sale at 10 AM. New show on Monday - many of you will be so, SO very happy at long last.
This twitter. Dm funny n a bad way from brianna
What is your favorite tool in the HubSpot software, and why? As a product owner, there are tools that I own
Welcome to Twitter You made it before Dom Rickles but after
: Have you two hit up ICANN, it is my understand they are in charge of domain registrars - GoDaddy's Daddy
Charged up about this new duo...learn what they have and you can prosper
RE: : Okay!!!! Time for the JK 2012 Calendar contest to begin!!!!
What is there 2do ?
Everything is Changing for Everyone.
I started to peel some off& got yelled at by John. He's no fun.
#FF to everyone out there!!
gonna hang by the pool today here in kinda cloudy N. Las Vegas. Gonna get a tan to regret!
besides noddles what can he cook lol
Ice cream truck :D
Welcome to Monday everyone. Best of luck on meeting all your goals for the week.
Life is a journey, not the destination, but the scenery along the should be and the mood at the view.
Favorite time of the year!!
nothing I mishhh u too 💔💔😢
oh, we are ready for you!
yum! I'm with you,.. my breakfast is starting to get too routine and tired.
I remember fondly those days when Double Jeopardy was just a round with more money at stake and two daily doubles.
Wow. Thanks RT : #WW Some of Chicago's most popular Somms.
what's up?
I am needing to hire 5 developers in Stockholm for a newly funded startup. Backend, frontend, ux, ui, mobile
:( hopefully we'll see you tonight for Insane Sushi Night!
Want that Dunkin Donuts choc. frosted donut for breakfast?You'll have to walk for 59 min just to burn that one treat off!...
When prince makes your fight song and you wear purple and yellow i think you shouldnt even be called a football team
A new year coming soon. I loved 2011! Can't wait to see how 2012 unfolds.
I miss HIM .
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled. Plutarch
Video shoot with the lovely Sunday afternoon. DM me to talk on camera about the many virtues of !
perhaps its the amount of selections that embedding doesnt provide?multiple resolution selections on youtube = more traffic?
LOLOL. we just kiddin i swear.~
I don't know abt u but im exhausted frm all the fun we had lst nite. Had to leave the office early (:
About the only thing #purdue does not contest is free throws. EVERY pass is contested.
#replacebooktitleswithbacon World War Bacon: An Oral History of the Bacon War
I swear if I get bit by one more mosquito
Joe the Plumber reported to be "fluid" on several key issues of the campaign. Does that make him a liquid plumber?
Serious o: i would;ve kept it to my selfxD lol
The 10th Annual Belmont Humanities Symposium next Fall will have the theme 'Liberating Voices'; keynote speaker: Maya Angelou.
I ment I called you lol ! I'm about to text you now!
RT Quick Fitness Tip. Walking is a excellent way to get exercise. If you're too tied up to do any other exercise, walk.
An obstacle is just a stepping stone to success
Our annual Vendor Appreciation Dinner last night was really nice. Thanks to all who attended. Thanks to
bring him by my place!
gotta make dat money mane
haha, I know, i get worse!!! eeeeeep >.<
Portland Seattle Great Falls Lewistown on little sleep. Hoping for a few winks here & there. Hard to believe my mother is homeless age 91.
swoon. To be fair, don't think Cleave gushed, just grudgingly agreed it was occasionally tolerable.
Work inbox 0. OTHER work inbox: 0. Personal inbox: 1. Not bad for a day's work.
Come to San Diego's #best #longestrunning #deephouse night every
Marketing your business with social networking is easier than ever now-a-days with sites like Facebook, Linkedin, etc.
Holiday....finally
Passing out sandwiches to our community members. Pret a Manger donates hundreds of sandwiches every week to help the #homeless!
@ Northdown, crushing a chicory stout. Perfect after our infant CPR class. Yes, I can save you.
6am Easter Monday run = #dedication Now to start the work week...
My heart dropped a little as we left Avon
What's up Columbus Mommies? We are a new blog dedicated to Moms raising their children in Central Ohio. Please join us!
“: i need to live in bora bora. ☀🐠🐟🏊” I heard is taking applications!
Now we know what took so long!
We at Club Secrets tonight for our Official Welcome Back Party!!!!!!!!!!!!! FREE until 11PM Ladies and Couples!! info TEXT 281.860.2877
why do people take the time to say why a band sucks? it's like showing how much of a life you don't have
Hi my name is Marshall im an alcoholic, i have a disease and they don't know what to call it
wants to remind everyone that Race for the Cure is this Sunday! Visit www.komenoregon.org to find out how you can help fight cancer.
What if really did follow me?:D #FOLLOWMEAUSTIN please merry Christmas too I love you!!!:)
What's up with all the burners and outdoorsy people on ?
Put my retainers in and now my mouth hurts like fuck :c
Wtf, why are all these porn stars following me?
#BOSSPROOF Connected in the streets like them yellow & white lines!
They just killed a baby on Game of Thrones!! Wtf?
Hey, we just added a few more bands to the roster for GMF2010!!! ::: Ze Krau, Hardison, With Friends Like These, Night Train, Megasapien
you are perfect.
You there
The heights i was on lastnight..> everything was so funny to me
apparently from my research(calling every pharmacy in beantown). its the 15mg ir.. all out.
oh, no- he's just going to use it to close his budget gap instead (as per JSonline.com this AM) !
Welcome to the entire crew! PRT : Brushing up on my mad Adobe skillz! Thanks (w/ )
Thank god for high metabolism, I be so bored I just eat for the fuck of it, must suck if you're fat *shrug*
- they only mean something to the people who appreciate the history of animation. For most, they are just drawings.
you can do it!!!! Hoorahh
At the movies, seeing #starwars, brings me back to the first time it was in theaters :D
Cold outside bur
Ah, thank you San Francisco.
: Why else would you be dropping UNC too?
Happy Mothers day Chica!!
i am feeling much better!!! Figuring out flight now....
Back to the gym! We were expecting to see more people there! Where were you this morning? Take care of yourself!
Im so sorry girl! Maybe next time :)
": Apologies for spelling Dwight Yoakam's name wrong. If you can't get into " Guitars, Cadillacs..." it's on you.". Amen!
A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory.
in no cena fan but what ever happened to tradition?? Passing the torch. then the World Title Match should top this cake
It ain't wine don't sip it, make it bubble when you hit it, let it burn baby burnn.
getting a few more projects in yay! #justintime for Christmas! :)
Great food, good friends, good days
Waychin the Pacers replay since Scottys Brewhouse only put the game on 1 TV for me
Boyz in the Hood inspired me to become a filmmaker..My father took me to c it when I was young. Now I hold it dear to my heart
Doug and I headed to the Dream Game 2!
Very Interesting. I will have to play with it. But is it just cool snake-oil?
First-round tee times for Wells Fargo Championship
Got in-service!
The Grammys turned into the Toneys?
Staying awake talking in the back of the bus with spauldin and abby nussbaum #goodtimes :)
"Why would i want to check a voicemail on my cell phone? People want to talk to me, call again. If i want to talk to you, I'll answer."
Worst day ever number 97292827261938372
we need him for the finals against OKC though. Even though , with LeBron, theres always a chance Lol
we juss seen him
oh hey there. We just landed
just close your eyes hehe
the destination may not have been the place we all wanted to go, but we certainly enjoyed the ride. Thanks to you and the team.
Thinking of food when I should be thinking of code, all due to 's tweets
we love that you're getting a chance to see it! see ya tonight!
Come sing your heart out tonight at karaoke 9:00
You know what makes an early Monday morning in #DCA better? Breakfast with
Don't nobody wanna skype tonight...smh
Sometimes you just have to take the leap, and build your wings on the way down.
at least yu got some kinda sleep lol
Wish I was going to sleep with tonight 💔😔
so bored nothing to do D:
Watching niners giants game and having shepards pie with a glass of wine- go niners!
I agree, Red Tails is a fantastic movie. Because of the men from Tuskegee, I had the opportunity to serve with dignity.
Miss the way you kiss, miss the way you wear them heels and make it switch.
hahahaha ok I think I mightve fell on mine too jk this is me xD hey I ddnt know be nice BB ;)
The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go. ~Dr. Seuss
who's thinking about Friday already? {me} it's #free coworking day this Friday here at the ranch. come on down!
No problem! Have a great weekend :)
What WTF is going in AC these weekend all the hotels are all booked!!!
I just cannot find myself saying ny is in my final 4 for the eastern conference honestly I think it'll be:
"All great masters are chiefly distinguished by the power of adding a second, a third, and perhaps a fourth step in a continuous line. Many…
Q4b OPTIMIZED and Publicized Q&A videos, CEO interviews, Testimonials - add a video to every press release!
this pic looks like a creepy-version of Wesley from "The Princess Bride". All you need is a black eye mask and a sword...
@ cora, yet again he tweeted epigrammatic sallies equable
I believe girls who is dumb for getting a boy name on themselves is dumb. You don't know in the future.ya may not be together
Andre Ethier homers in the 8th inning to give the #Dodgers the lead over the #Brewers 4-3 #Dodgers on top
If anyone is here one more night, go to Dandelion. Food was phenomenal last night! Go early. They fill up but always take walk-ins
Thank you for the follow back.
Back scatter AND a pat-down! I've never felt so loved - thanks TSA!
YOU'RE one of them! jk jk
haha you did? You need to try out for project runway soon!
Presented design comps for responsive / multi-lingual #Drupal site to client today & they loved it. Intense planning & creativity paid off!
I really want to do the boyfriend tag. ._. Step one, find boyfriend. LOL.
4 openings for junior-mid level capital markets #attorneys in #NY law firms; openings in HK and Beijing too.
Next rehearsal: rite with lynne and melissa
We are in the process of finalizing new show dates and will post ASAP so keep watching our tour page on the website. Thanks!
me too!! But I HATE talking on the phone and I warn ppl so I don't feel as bad, because I told them up front lol
Scottys is pissing me off! I want some dang food n my tum tum a dum dum. Then rage at 1201 uh huh uhhuh
I'm free until late April. Next week or next weekend?
nice that's wassup gettin them stacks right
home and really bored! :/
Nope! Just into another apartment in NY for July.
Raiders of the lost ark is so good
i missed the pregnancy project D: what is this movie about
I know that uses LESS!
I used to eat these, but i change my diet now.
We love our Twitter family.
I don't want a Prince in shining armor. I don't want a man who drives fast cars. I want a Canadian in Purple Supras ♥
Damn, way to hit the spot, I've been having the worst day :(
Feeling okay with only three days left in the work week.
just redesigning portfolios - we'll give DL twitter
Guess not. They're on 3rd Thurs. in 6 months. Maybe Mobilux invents body splitting app? RT Don't they know that 3rd Thurs our night
I like that one. RT If it doesn't spread, it's dead
Remember that Selena isn't with him so he's free to go wild tonight lol. Jerry is coming out lmao
No fear. The waves are washing me out.
When you try to shoot something into the trash can and then you make it in the little hole behind it...... 😒
NBC gave all the used-to-be-hot-skank-meth-whores a 2nd chance at fame. nicole richie, christina aguilera, kirstie alley, etc.
Nope, I liked it too, refreshing, relaxed, had a nice flow.
just the niggas you mess with...
i'm shooting someone.... brb. you can help if you want to.
One moree day off school then off for almost 2 weeks. :D
The man who speaks in very deep Spanish during the ads on
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Habanero Sauce 4.4 / 5 Stars | 10 Reviews by carrd "A milder sweet-spicy habanero sauce, that can be made hotter
love yalls tie dyes and other stuff. will get some items next month after i chisel some of these bills down ;--)
If you want it there before Christmas, you better get it in now Mustardheads, time is a runnin' out!!!
Headed to the lake for the weekend and the first thing I packed was my #Kindle!
The Denver Broncos fire GM Brian Xanders this afternoon
Which one are you at?!
Hiking w. the fam in Cuyahoga Valley NP along the Erie Canal.
7 dead as bus crashes on way to Tokyo Disneyland
Austin thinks everyone is beautiful, not matter what! RT if you think he's the sweetest. ♥
OMG IM TIRED OF WAITING TURN TO 10:00 ALREADY *shakes clock*
We're the dark fuckin oscillators
Hey, we talked about Jack White, but I wondered today if you like Jeff Buckley. One of my favorites!
i learned a lot and need to reevaluate things about my life.
My pleasure! Wishing you a purpose-filled week.
'Just like a candycane bitches'
I wish it FELT like a number!
It is also going to be real tough listening to country music tonight after watching you and Uncle Ted!
we have an upcoming show we'd like to ask u to do with us...please email
My dad needs to stop power washing right now!!! I'm going crazy!!!!
Don't forget to use the #Right2Heal tour hashtag to join the conversation.
in the shower
No I picked her! Ashley Leigh won
we welcome the "deer in the headlights" look at #blogathonatx so no worries!
RT : I Hate Nights Like This Oh Well
Congrats! That is wonderful!
good hunting during an eclipse. confused squirrels venture out thinking it's nighttime. and then POW! lunch.
This is our hood we aint worried bout them people, we post up on the curb and serve it like its legal.
How many people did he give a season ending injury to? That's the reason why... If you think that's alright u have a sick mind.
And what would one do at said bear intervention?
I keep my head held high in this low down world !
Back home from my 8 mile run!
I am so conflicted over #Occupy ...I LOVE what they are doing in the big picture. I hate seeing what the police are doing.
Haha, fantastic use of hashtags. Quite accurate.
Love it! eliminated 1st round in Vancouver!!! Don't burn down ur beautiful city again, degenerates.
Absolutely shocked and heartbroken to read of Amy Tryon's passing. US Eventing has lost one of its all-time greats far too young.
Rizzle Kicks on celebrity juice. Ahh
Same last weekend. It took me a half hour to go a couple blocks downtown...at 8 am!
NEVER combine the words "I" and "can't" together. See things through from beginning to end and give 100% effort.
I'm sleepy :)
Regina Cook is in the lead with 4 items purchased on my website. Drawing held Feb 18th at the upcoming Diamonds And Jazz Fashion Show!
And took Rafa to 5 on clay RT : just CRUSHING people in #DavisCup Fed, Simon, Tsonga- all on clay.
Sucking up your pride to apologize to others.
It made me laugh
“: "Honey check it out you got me mesmerized, with your blonde hair and your fat ass thighs" remixx lmao.” love u
Reminder: No classes today, Happy New Year! Classes resume tomorrow, Monday January 2nd.
def going to check it.
sounds good...except i would watch Family Guy, maybe a double shot of rum in coke, and 2 tylonal...then to the floor I go.
RT " Broad Ripplians! is coming to you Wed afternoon. Who needs car assistance?" Best idea ever folks!
especially xD what if she throw up when blowwing it?
Everyone loves a nice hand cream as a stocking stuff -- even guys!
Only like 3 of us had cell phones and we used e-mail addressed to keep in touch supposedly.
He did not just hang up on me.... -_-
No not off the ouch...out of my bed!..and perhaps even down the street! hahah
fuck yes. If at all possible.
Not going broke at the golf show.
Nigel Tufnel Day, obviously.
#nowplaying nas it hard to tell
RT : Final thought: design rigorous SoMe trials to test hypotheses re: outcomes that make an impact on pts
That is absolutely true! I learned that the hard way!
#Sneakpeak: bid packages start at a low $25
i'm glad u followed me first! hope u r having a great time!
okay I got that far but have they sent out the email for mays voxbox yet?
idk, i just get a major lady boner when i watch the boyfriend video.
this is too complicated.
In South Florida it's Good Evening right now ;)
freshman. you?
I'm glad the heat did not end up getting boozer
Anyone remember the name of that Bruce Springsteen song that he wrote all about being on fire?
Mini Heart Attack RT ": When you start panicking because you can't feel your phone in your pocket."
Joe's voice kind of cracked when he said "is."
sTILL iNDA lAB..dOPE aSS tRACK wITH bIG gEMINI & rASHEED!!
my COUSIN!! How is it goin' ??
good morning austin! Well more like evening in ireland! But a good day anyway!:)<3
I can probably guess. Stay strong.
Aw! So nice! TY!
we good here?
Thank you for the RT!
oh you dangerous girl ;)
so the clippers beat the Spurs once...when Tony didn't play
Training and in Delray Beach.
Corvallis man accused of terrorism plot appearing in federal court for pretrial motions. Mohamed Mohamud, clean shaven in blue jail clothing
hahahha. My bad
Ha I know.
SPECIAL VALENTINES DISC. FOR OUR TWITTER FRIENDS! STOP BY FOR A FREE GIFT! ENTER FREE VALENTINES DRAWING! CHECK US OUT,RETWEET ,LUCY C XOXO
... To stop bullying & help ALL kids be happy. It's like I'm learning what I missed out on. I wrote you a letter abt my project
what time?
Triton or Ranger.
Was the password "waytoosimple" and then you lopped off "waytoo"?
Then I'll make them listen to Hot Problems for the rest of time until they're forced to leave. Mwahahahaha!
Bouta Watch Brooklyn Finest's......
Party Hard & Be Safe! DON'T DRIVE DRUNK. From now-6am on NY Day, A will take you & your car home for FREE, member or not 800-222-4357
SRAM is the pragmatic choice, it's the best at the price, even if my shift lever did fall off
yeah. Sunday?
Wally Pfister at #fallformal?! Just saw Moneyball today and can't wait for Dark Knight Rises!!
Good morning and happy Easter. Woke up in myrtle beach. Nice weather and a beautiful day
I think Rob Deer actually played better than Weeks. Even though Deer struckout just as much, at least he was hitting the HRs too.
“: Starting off 2012 at Black Bear Tavern and watching the Jets season come to an end." is there at least Cherry Wheat?
New show added. New Merch on the way and new recordings to get underway soon....
Pink Floyd The Wall At 30: Would Pink Have A Facebook Page? - Houston Press (blog)
Entire box set of Monty python's flying circus?
oops. I feel like a sac lol 👯
Im out
Coverage report after coverage report. When did I grow up?
Thanks for taking a whirl around the hotel...look forward to seeing you back for cocktails in Emerald Lounge!
I hate American Idol. That said, what just happened with that crazy guy during Dane Cook's performance?
Waiting to get into SF Superior
Aw, you're sweet to worry about me. Wanna make out?
tour dates still not released? and did u see the cover of Forbes?
Watched Michael Clayton for the millionth time. That movie is very good genre work.
People Love Me Or I Repulse Them & Of Course The Inbetweeners
I, for one, welcome our new robotic overlords.
To all followers of tell your friends, your neighbors and even your pets to start following us.We will lead you to great things
Off to sleep! Birthday party tomorrow morning for my niece, and then seeing later that day!! :D Hope to see some of you there! <3
Glad you got through security.. what a nightmare!! Excited about working with you and Shelina on Revolving Door!!
"His name is Mitt, he's used to catching a lot of balls...but god that guy is a tool" is too funny
#young #wild and #free 🍁
You might have to take a page out of book and #takeasheet for some extra energy. LoL
Hahaha. Just wait til next time.
look at my last tweet...it was meant just for you!!! lol
que onda con este twitter L:
i think i found a new one
Soggy news RT : So, I forgot to bring in the newspaper this morning...
I'll be at Applepalooza tomorrow helping the gang raise funds. Come out to support this amazing non-profit.
What a wonderful day!
Come enjoy our Taco Tuesday lunch special today!!
Thankful for the win!!
Creating a briefing package for GrowFish food security and a sustainable business model. Uses filtered fish effluent as fertilizer
make my night by tweeting me?(:<3 6
Thanks for the plug, dahlink!
There's nothing to match curling up with a good book when there's a repair job to be done around the house. ~Joe Ryan
Idk why all the excitement on Wall St. over the FB IPO delay
I mean it's all good til the vikadin gets out of my system like now lol I just need to sleep it off
I can fix this. Next taxi ride if you can tweet or text me cab number and color. Thanks John @ TService 443-759-0940.
Ohioans offered "a mixture of friendly and not-so-friendly hand gestures" as Obama's motorcade went by, according to WH pool report
Had a great day, havent laughed like since Forever ago ;) ->KimBeezy<-
Vulcan employees!! See you today at your Earth Day Fair. We have some gorgeous food to sample!
"Please wash your hands after those chicken wings, boy!" - Anthony's iPhone
Pandora, you are so smart. You know just what I want to hear.
A&Ms Byrne says he didn't pass on$150m deal 4 combined network idea. But UT's Dodds didn't take this risk knowing $$ was a given!
I'm not kidding , follow me bagoolk shy .
I wanna play you in words with friends. Name is REAL24/7. Bring it. ;)
Sleepy yet?? XD
If I did THAT, I'd be you. So I'll do THIS, because I'm me.
Not with our group - we are riding a fairly easy 20 mi with Aurora Bicycle Village folks tomorrow morning at 9am. Sorry!
Ralph fiennes screaming "are u photographing me!!" as he walked through meatpacking district in NYC...yes, Ralph, I was. Next question
RT Looking forward to see how the Knicks respond against the Heat tonight.
I want to scream from the rooftops that I love you JUSTIN BIEBER(l)
True that ! RT : It takes a special love interest to interfere with a #Capricorn's work or education.
Thanks! Getting the word about you out there.
That collapse by the #Grizzlies completely changed the dynamic of this series, IMO. If the #Clippers win game 2, series over.
Seriously Remember the Titans is a boss movie
You can check out my book review of Anne Rice's new book: The Wolf Gift on my website, I also posted the review on Amazon,
I'm predicting Broncos 14 - Jets 10 tonight.
Joshua vs Jessica #Idol - Make it happen, America.
When women are depressed they either eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. ~ Elayne Boosler
#milestone that's all
I'm seeking knowledge and wisdom giving away peace and love..who wanna trade? peace & love
studio sessions and you with a live band.
Kaspersky: Apple &#39;10 years behind Microsoft in terms of security&#39;
thanks for the follow
THANK YOU for taking the steps to ensure your radio ads do not air on Rush Limbaugh's program; thank you for taking a stand!
haha i hate to say it but id take GB over Twilight anyday RT : the mental picture of my dream situation w
Marbles? No...they were under the couch...
Is it a sign that I am getting old when I don't think I have ever seen the name of this band singing the National Anthem
Who hasn't gotten a cd yet? DM us your address and we can deliver if you live in Vegas :]
Let's all make a conscious effort to be positive.That way you will attract positive people and have positive relationships. Give and receive
On the train to DC! I love and miss everyone, huge thanks for an amazing summer!
Bureaucracy seems to live in it's own world sometimes.
Just move Corporate HQ and ready to start Monday off with a bang.
Spent almost 2 hours one way on the #railrunner to Santa Fe. Pointless
I love the world!!! Rainbows kisses and hugs to EVERYONE!!!! LOLZZZZ
oh okay okay I see what's up
I bet! I wish I had ordered earlier in the morning! lol Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere. =)
Come kick off earth day weekend with us here ! Delicious food, tasty wine...what else do you need! Happy Hour 5-7pm
watching beastly! <3 the best movie i ever seen!! :)i suggest you to watch it!
yeah he left in 7th grade. He threatned to kill my friends family. He's literally fucked in the head
Welcome Arlene! Thanks for your support! :)
Take RepHealthDaily to the doctor with you - remember to ask for an #HIV, #herpes, #HPV test specifically.
hi peoples
special treatment for.terror suspects? They ought to be in chains if they say anything they should get a rifle butt to the head
wow, if looks could kill!
Can't wait to post my new video here for all of you to see. Hold tight its coming soon. promise
I've never even opened the app
CGB: Self-sufficiency thru revenue-generating programs, ie , so forth.
Ripley: "I am not going back." Ripley goes back. Hicks: "It's a bug-hunt." Ripley: "Get away from her, you bitch."
I also love bacon
my sister tells me she is hungry so i make her food!
RT : A government big enough to give you everything you want is big enough to take everything you have." - Barry Goldwater
looks delicious.
Touched a dinosaur skeleton. Life is complete
lol, feel my PAIN!
Nothing to see here people...keep movin'. How you doin' Jason?
thinking of both of you. good thoughts your way.
Hoes want attention. Women want respect
Not at all! And you're like, a freaking barbie doll! You're blonde, skinny, and everyone loves you! How could I not be?!?
#spriteslam NBA dunk contest kinda lame this year.... I sat at home on Saturday night for this? Derrick Williams
Block Copolymer Helps Lithography Get Smaller (pubs.acs) Share With Friends: | | Science - Nanotechnology Stories , RSS Feeds and Widget
Go for it
so good! As always
Why must the routine act of boarding a plane resemble the American withdrawal from Saigon?
Thanks for following us Holly! We are from DM! Love the magazine!!!
hahahaha remind me to bring in money for reeses tomorrow! And a lot of food!
oh is like that?
i often find myself organizing the dirty dishes before washing them.
Thanks a lot, Cole Hamels. It's lame to intentionally hit a player, but now you're messing with my #fantasy lineup.
I typically go to their websites for my docs, not receive them via email
I'm teaching a series of vernacular paleography seminars next quarter -- so excited!
Re: tagging a bill with no cost for Approps, sponsored AB 1172 (Mendoza) is a good example. It was referred to Sen Approps?
On my take over the world mode.
RT "Whether the glass is half full or half empty is infinitely less relevant than what's in the glass." What's is your glass?
ah, she was following me and suddenly she stopped.
On this shower flow
yea everybody down to their last few tickets.
Hey I just got my Hunger Games book back, you're welcome to borrow it if you haven't read it yet! :)
Not involving Brett Favre...RT Strangest 30 seconds in NFL history?
Good looking people when their significant other doesn't meet up to their 'hotness'.
If I had more time, I totally would! :) I love this stuff; the problem is finding the time to do it.
just for you
Wait until you guys see Shawn's new custom drum kit from Seven Drumworks. Holy crap!
my mom bought Garret's popcorn, yuummmmmm!
Need sounds for your #app or #game ? #appdev #gamedev #sounddesign I want to work with you!
Why you eyein my lemon drink 👀
Google Plus usage must be going off the charts today...easiest way to access #gchat without #gmail up.
tramontane = being or situated beyond the mountains; foreign; barbarous
So you are a starting a restaurant. Want innovation?
hey... long time no see.... where you at now?
thank you! glad you're enjoying it! :)
Just saw oral arguments at the Supreme Court. Final casualty count: 2 lawyers down, 1 wounded. The justices take no prisoners.
Good Morning!!! Get up and be productive today!
and what a lovely day it was! <3
Usual? I'm not tracking.
Happy Valentine's Day. We love our fans!
24-4 in radar! I can't believe my record and I haven't played radar in months
you mad some amazing clear-outs, like the one near the end. But when we got tense, only got stronger.
that's your funny car? you're not shittin me are you?
<----- Duck-lipped in my pictures. New avi got glitter. Hit me up on facebook, and follow me on twitter...
Not so sure there are any miracle arms in Toledo that can be the solution to the problems in the pen...
hah.. that shit would be comedy.
I should never have superpowers. I'd be conquering shit left and right
Heck yes! It should be pretty funny! I hope
vinny loved tonight's episode... IT'S COS YOU SAW MIKEY, ISN'T IT.
"sorry" used to mean you wouldn't do it again. Today it just means "I messe up but I'll try not to get caught next time".
thanks. Glad you enjoyed the show and thanks for supporting Amy.
Just purged about 800 contacts from my Gmail. Down to couple dozens! I had no clue who most of them were anyway. Quite a liberating feeling
Omg loved the video!!(:
correct. It's a long story and we have not signed yet but we are close!
SOPA needs to be stopped
All you see, I owe to spaghetti. - Sophia Loren
girlfriend what's going on...
Going to buy gordo's birthday cake😁
Sounds good!
Ya know. Gays either love me or they want to be me. Cute 3 hour nap I had. Off to a fashion meeting cute cute cute. Who's blanked out!!
Saw her play once. She was incredible and original!
Happy Bithday! :D
ex. You need to rethink what navigation is important to mobile users, not just slap regular site navigation onto mobile platform.
Busy, but good! How about you? Long time no talk...
Your on my nerves
awe man. You can have it! I should be surfing more and checking in less! :)
I should have gone and pretended to be you, carrying a copy of Das Kapital and wearing an ACLU card on a lanyard.
#NP: The soundtrack to my success, ”Pledge Allegiance to the Grind2” #KillerMike dirty south classic
Sharks really aren't so bad. I mean if some dude came into my home wearing a speedo, I would try to kill him too.
Seriously. SO MANY SHOWS OPENING IN MAY!!! It's a good problem to have, I suppose.
Aw shylow put my last tweet <3
i'm always creepin ;p haha
Spent some of the day tracking (tracking human scent) with my dogs. Basset Hounds love tracking, but not all can do it. They're smart.
So many daughters! The {blank's} Daughter - variation #5,327 - www.blog.playaway.com
Happy holidays, everyone!
Us, Today is playing tonight! We're opening for Seashell Radio (Tucson), so come early!
romo has been to conference championship how many times? Flacco's been to playoffs every year. Romo sucks.
srsly though, you making maps?
I just remembered that I was gonna get you to sign my yearbook the other day, but you disappeared, lol.
Slide is the most addicting app ever, I swear
I shall make sure you can room in the guest suite. It will have room for you, a private servant, and your piggy.
Fantastic! Congratulations!!
#WhyILoveMuseums "Success is waking up in the morning so excited about what you have to do that you literally FLY out of the door."
Yes i am filipino and i am a HUGE fan of Austin Mahone(: <3
I only just now, finally, added the twitter app.
RT : Honored to represent the hard work of staff and corps with today in Milwaukee.
Steelers and ravens this is going to be epic
uh... i do'nt think anything smothered in cheese curds could be considered vegan... we'll figure something out.
We're so proud of our Three Sisters cast and this show. The work they do night after night is truly inspiring. Come see for yourself...
lol, but i work at wendys n i dont know if my schedule that flexible
u need to be out on the town
I'm good , jus in Vegas working :o
I was it damn
i like that new pic, doing some hard-core reporting right there :)
Be sure to check out for a chance to win a Svelte & Baby Boot Camp special giveaway!
I am Demetri, owner of Gregorakis Interactive.. Web/Graphic Design Firm
Take Charge Indy is my horse!
Wow! Congrats man! thats awesome. I have one myself so I know how it is. Definitely something you cant miss! Congrats again Jake!
“If there’s one message I have for my fans, it’s that you can make your dreams real, but you have to enjoy just being." - Miley Cyrus
find yourself a great one!!
Stay classy San Diego.
had finals last week.
I work @ Nokia, in downtown Chi now.
Please let me know if you can share your knowledge of set design to my 3rd-5th grade students. :)
Star Wars party tonight?? Lol
They cured AIDS and there still isn't a 24 hour nail salon
always puts me together
She screamed" I'm trust worthy ! " so is the government & your taxes are used for finding cures ,see the pattern here ?
i love how Rachel in Friends can pull off the jean overalls
Safe to assume that the Super 8 motel is the safest place in Flagstaff
Shh! Be quiet!
Beyonce knows everything
working out at Velocity Sports NYC
And I wondered if I ever crossed your mind? For me it happens all the time -Lady Antebellum
enjoy your new home sweet home Gnight Candace
I'm happily single. - Paula Abdul
there might actually BE a "ultimate frisbee cunts" team here. it's kinda like roller derby here... some all-lady frisbee teams
Happy Halloween!
How did Desperate Housewives outlive Arrested Development?
I'm ready to go back to bed... Mom- ready to go places we have a big day! Me-z. RT if u like that!!!! :)
There are two great rules in life, the one general and the other particular. The first is that every one can in the end get what
The HRM still works just fine. It's just the calorie calc that seems off. 100 x mi is easy and pretty accurate.
Asked for evidence that political left sunk Have yet to get a response. It was a GOP hit job.
Same books on deep reserve here in Baltimore County... RULES OF CIVILITY and SISTER in particular!
if u do I do 2 lol
RT : Friends in waco please: tear down a field goal, burn couches, go streaking and shut down Scruffs. Thank you.
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow 
Touch my food, suffer the consequences.
lmfao umm okay. I'm weird, but last night was fucking fun
Why tf is this Lil ass boy txtin me . I dont have time for this
is bored and wants to do something!!!!!!!!!!!!
Life is strange.... I'm so thankful that I have God to keep things from getting cray.
; No thanks :) & I shoo' ain't bout to take that test tomorrow either! Lhh. but, i am glad that we don't have her tomorrow!
Can anyone recommend a good book on #WWI?
Too much laughter can be... Forget it! There's no such thing as too much laughter!!!
hey guys.....wanna see some of your amazing info tweeted here!!
love you too ^__^
Why be sorry- that's totally a joke I would've made
Make sure to LIKE us on Facebook #MaryOnTheSquare # Rittenhouse Square, #Market News
Greed. Corruption. Murder. <==#Seattle Author #Neil Low #Thick as Thieves
Ohh, cheerleaders and small buses do not mix well....at all !
Great meeting with our contributors today!
great writeup in congratulations man
nope off for now
so sorry about your loss, sending big blue prayers your way
I'm sick of listening to my parents fight, just stay away from eachother its simple -.-
I'm gin be puking tmr hfjfufueiru
Trying to get use to running in Vibram FiveFinger shoes. They feel very different and look ugly but they are supposed to make me super fast!
When people use the word "art" while referring to their craft or work, there's a couple things that come to mind.
I think I got too much sun.
TO ALL MY TWITTER FRIENDS thank you so much for your great birthday wishes ONE LOVE TO ALL OF YOU
... you've changed.
hustling my friend
I miss getting out and having fun. I'm such a loner now. 
Class actions in bankruptcy? A coming idea
One hour til my last final. Goin shopping afterwards and stuffing my face. I don't even cur.
have fun with your mama!
preparing for an interview tomorrow.... :) and listening to A Thousand Years by Christina Perri.
Whew! Just emailed ten resumes! That should do the trick!
Bacteria growing on ground beef is 100% all-natural, but I still don't want it.
Happy to help out!
pretty good aside from the fact all my muscles are falling off from cardio boxing class yesterday. X_x How are you?
#thoughtsduringschool Please fall... That would make my day..
thanks I will :-)
getting off from work in 5 mins ;D
Got a headache so figured I'd watch fridays days of our lives! Between the headache and insomnia I'm wide awake! Lmao!
I like iCarumba
had a great time touring Audubon School and meeting with Principal Price
Working on the new Verge website. Check later this week for the completed product!!
23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #9: Kolsch - Classic German Golden Ale
See all of you tonight at 6:30.
Got today's comics, including Birds of Prey. I miss Oracle. And Stephanie Brown. And Cassandra Cain.
This familiar bliss came back all too quickly, and i can't help but love every moment of it.
I'm always too lazy and tired to thoroughly shower up after a day at the theatre.
Sitting with my graphic designer coming up with some Pluto dash t-shirt designs.
Thank you!!!!
finally got my ass caught up on
lol u did not take yo time wit these pics
can't wait until they index it by name, tho.
Thank you! You are too sweet!
Whaddup Just wanted to say hey
Now at crown pt elementary to watch Suzuki violin students
burned 623 calories doing 39 minutes of "Insanity"
Jets News: Hot Routes 01.18.11: Celebration motivation
Listen to a photographer describe a photo -- October is Arts & Humanities Month!
Mondays can suck it
What? :O I'm Late Doee' !
72% of graduates from private nonprofit universities had student loans.
he'll be okay lol and it's baby fat :p
I thought it was spring...
The national media is going to be brutal the next few days. Looks like I'm avoiding ESPN and catching up on all the shows on my DVR.
ME TO BUT I DONT WANT TO LAY UP I WANT TO LAY DOWN LOL....11 HOUR SHIFT...TODAY I'M WORE OUT
give it time. i have to do things in spurts.
amen sister!
i no i no u guys wouldnt say anything about me im not that type of person
Oh h I swear if #Monday had a face I would punch it.....!
The Internet's Dumbest How-To Videos: Viral Video Film School
Doing what I LOVE most!!!
haha okay well we'll just figure it out Friday! I might not be able to do something Friday though but I'll see ((:
O_O *smiles* “: At lunch today: "Never let a girl eat a jalepeno and then go down on you. It burns like hell."”
thanks for the support too!
High of 104 in Houston today (and tomorrow)...that's hot folks!
Kansas bout to do work in da finals !
I read it as paper with long GOP tradition feeling burned by a guy who spurned that. Seemed like an honest reaction/question.
OOdles and oodles of O's, ya know?...
Beyond frustrated with myself!!
Today i saw my two favorite women to love in the world.
THANK YOU FOR COMING!!
. any updates you can share regarding a certain upcoming tour?
Damn , The Movie Red Ridding Hood Is So Sad . She Had To Kill Her Father !
Countdown to the last few hours for Seattle Show Call for Entries -- have you got yours in? You still have until 6pm tonight!
New idea for (sur)reality show: Real Housewives of Osage County.
NO OMG GET WELL SOON BUDDY!!!
Talk to me, baby. Wall texts that talk like we talk. Make the conversation flow.
We HAVE had gorgeous weather lately. Looks like it might get dicey this weekend though!
Life Is To Short To Be Stuck On One Person
#HipHopQuotable RT : Don't take anything you have for granted because there's always someone looking to take what you have.
what is this all about?
hello everyone! I won't be updating this page as much so please follow my new page when you can.. thanks!
the NBA experience!
It's true. I was murdered last year because of this very thing. Wasn't wearing my #tinfoilhat Best to leave it alone.
"Santorum Takes Surprising First In New Poll" #huffpost Not for VP -- for being the looniest candidate behind Gingrich!
ha ha Hebel got fired.
this bitch
I kept hurting my belly button last night because I always sleep on my tummy and it hurts it:(
you want some balls in ur hand?
Legs: pain at the groin
should be on the next stamp.
My hair looks good today.
Presentation audio recording progress: 4/14 slides done.
Coming out your way soon. I want to get jumped into the
who is your team my chiefs got knocked out so now going for my other team steelers
The utilities section of the is officially my most fertile source of procrastination.
I would love to use some of your images of A Thousand Tales in the next issue of AFAR. Please email me at
Bring on the Christmas!
Most people would rather be certain they're miserable, than risk being happy. - Robert Anthony
AND WE NEED TO CHAT! IM BOUT TO Call u!!!
I know!! We are going to talk about the issues it raises, focusing on surveillance and technology. You can start us off.
guuuuchhh! Im just messin with ya man, I have them as national champs
Get your emotions in check I'm over it!.
It's about that time ya'll
60 bucks to watch 4 kids tonight until 10:30? hell yeah i'll take it!!
Avengers was a great movie.
lol! “: Me and my trainer gotta talk about why im scared to bend my arm in fear the biceps will rip my sleeves”
That's good, same here. I kinda wish I was in ATL rite now tho lol
I use the OneTouch UltraMini - easy to stow and carry
- never on the weekends.
I heard a rumor (True? I don't know, but it's scary) that there are1200 homeless people camping in the woods around Disney in FL
I'll say it again; the crowd at #Thunder games is borderline cult-ish There's a glass of Kool-Aid next to the shirt under every seat.
Yes. “: "Partisan fighting + neg logjam may be calculated 2 make ppl "step away" & not participate in gov. agree?" #civilitycon”
Let the finals begin
All I need in this life of LIN, is me and my girlfriend...
Drinkin you away...... "and i helped"-whore dog
I always fall for the bad ones, but i can't help it.
See for yourself at NaLee2010.com and get the ebook for a $1
Friday I've been waiting for you
Who won?
that's certainly something to remember!
Dear Downtown Milwaukee: Literally, We Have Your Food. 1.855.HUNGRY2 WeHaveYourFood.com
Oh, I was hungry and finished my dessert. *salacious grin*
Please stop being adorable
Project X was so intense.
Yasssss! Somehow I always get a discount.
the most I've ever seen you tweet! Lol
where the Hell do you work?
RT : you really are the only tea i can drink. My favorite is Meadow! It has literally saved my life. Good news!
Hey my home girl sellin pussy who buyin she ask me to put the word out and u know twitter it's gn spread dnt be shy DM me lmao
After all that and I didn't lose a single pound! D:
Did you read the crime briefs? Hysterical.
#FF Muhl are interesting, funny and pleasure to follow.
RT : WRT digital literacy, where is the line between "fluency" and "critical thinking skills?" Is there one?
It's entirely appropriate, after completing any home improvement project, to circle the room giving imaginary high-fives to your "fans."
wallpapers hd
sorry we've been slow we've been making some big changes but we'll be back full time soon!
Wish I had a brother
Lovely to tweet you as well.
much more likely! Until he peaced out on me too...
thank goodness. Turns out it was just the basketball team that was walking by.
thank you kind sir! I need you to always come out with us!
up and getting ready for !! watch the parade, then make your way to the festival. it's going to be a great day!! =)
Writing brings joy…Joy is working for yourself. And making it. And proving to naysayers that you can do it.
Too much hot dogs this past week. Gonna lay off them for a while. DX
Hey, thanks for that. :) You rock.
Oh my... That's awkward.
this is gonna be a very unproductive day at work
I'm just an ordinary girl, waiting for to notice her. #nothappening today I guess :/
However, #OU will commit to the #big12 IF the following conditions are met:
just met the future you at KCI. From Mass, same laugh and hand gestures. Are all of you the same? Creeped me out a bit haha
awe those r mad cute :) I want those
i wish i could take you up on that
Cherish your ideas and your dreams because they are the children of your soul, the plans of your ultimate accomplishments.
bands playing. Miss those summers as a kid though. Warped Tour was a lot of fun.
thanks! I'm excited and relieved. :)
The Tripoli Shrine Circus in MKE Feb 23-26! Stop by the Concierge desk for buy one get one free passes (limit 2 per person).
Thanks, Jenny! I'm working on the menu now and was just thinking about you and your veggies!
finally home 😃
congrats on your Emmy nod!
Thank you for the RT's!! You truly are the awesome in awesome and that's awesome
i know right? he's get like a million views :D
16 teams in the playoffs. 2 of the 3 teams I didn't want to go to the finals are going.
Do you have any extra tix to the May 12th game? I need a Votto bobblehead in my life.
Trying to update my version of #nodejs to the latest, and found that ./configure no longer works in
i picked chris johnson over adrian peterson and arian foster in my fantasy league! 1500 yds, 15 td's my prediction
I live to lay in bed on the weekend!
Ohh just saw a recipe for a salad with grilled peaches, a crabcake, candied walnuts and white cheddar cheese. Wayy to much info lol
#girlbyenotwiththem combs that has hela teeth missing
Really, Ryan Braun? Unbelievable.
Yu get it? I sent it via text
less fucking more sleeping
Today George Lucas and Mark Zuckerberg celebrate birthdays. Who would you call more successful of the two?
Hiya all!
"The Sound of Perseverance"!
you should get a shirt cause today is the last day
PS Shirts are in the works! ;D
they added Singulair and drops and want me to get allergy shots (3-5 year process) but issues with eyes still there.
The day after labor day and it officially feels like fall.. Yay :)
great guest speaker in my #trademark class today: Pamela Deese of , #Jeremy_Lin 's attorney for #intellectual_property issues
Damn niggaz mad on twitter tonight lmao
Some happier news: Sony dropped the price to the PSP Go to 200$. But that is still expensive!!! Follow me on Twitter as always!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Watch Glee to hear them sing WMYB!
Gingrich, at Marquette rally, says government is anti-religious, government dominates the church.
your welcome friends. see you soon!
I don't know what most of that jargon means, I just know it sucks.
great edu-tech meeting tonight. met a lot of wonderful people working to build innovative tech into classrooms.
Unreal!! Haha. Worst part is you picked them too!! Grrr. When is your next one? I will bring Brett. He's 23-2!!
You wanna protect marriage? Make it harder for people to divorce.
Hand dialing got you down? #magnalogix has your hosted solution! Contact us for a free demo! 866.460.6611
RT Dear girls, please start bringing your own freaking jacket. We get cold too. Sincerely, boyfriends.
Bama in field goal position again...
Nothing like Dominican food in Dominican Republic!!!!
LOVE the Lisa in Green Bay blast. I used to love hearing her call in while I was driving around IN Green Bay.
The blind man said, "I want to see!" They said, "Have courage! The Lord calls you."Mark10:49
Congrats on the new job!
abaorbeisnheksiendujs AH OMG
I checked it earlier and it was lovely! Nice work! Thanks!
hahaha my gma is being cray I had to tweet it
Lee got into a cycle of pain. His nerve endings were over stimulated. Barnes got him rip roaring drunk-snapped him out of it
sometimes I feel like a ra-yard when I type a tweet not read it and then post it...then reread and see it is almost googeldegoop lol ;)
LMAO I SWEAR BRENT IS A LEGEND
Cool. Say hi to for me. Just saw her Wednesday.
who golfs in sandals?
Offense is spacing and spacing is offense.
being busy is nice, but i really miss my best friends :( 💔
Wow! Diggin' what I'm watching on FUSE. Almost like a video version of 97Underground.Com!
Tweeting from the #coleg listening to 3rd reading of SB12-078 protection for at risk adults. I support this bill strongly!
Good morning! Avengers in iMax today? I think yes!
LMFAO! Why you boo-ing? You have nothing to say huh? xD
Nice workout out the way. Now I need some chipotle in my life.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
thank you for following back:]
Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes?
about to head to #Drupalcamp #nashville I'm presenting on getting Agile with drupal thanks to for sponsoring
doesn't matter
Hi Rick can you give me a call if you get a chance Tammy
FROM THE LOFT TO THE CONDO
hi joe.
okay now I want to watch algorithm chores!!
thanks for the shout out!
lol but you really have to get up and do it eventually or there will be another problem.
its always darkest before the dawn
good day (: with the bestfriend <3
Great news! American Booksellers Association is partnering with to promote the annual Flaherty-Dunnan First Novel Prize.
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit. Aristotle
a pleasure meeting you Del Oro last night. Looking fwd to seeing Katye at a future luncheon or event.
Get better! I miss you!
You're too kind :) I also think my bracket is in big trouble. Even if Ohio it might not be enough..
Can't really fight that.
me neither. Maybe knows what a Love Crime is?
You might want to join me for the Chicago comic con this year, your buddies Brandon Walsh and Dylan will be there
Not that hard
Yes indeed.
This is the 3rd time in NFL Draft history that 3 quarterbacks were selected in the first 8 picks of the 1st round.
Feels enough like summer. Time for lemonade!
so true girl
There's snakes among us I never bothered to find.
Asdrubal has to make that play if he's a big league short stop.
By when??
I am destined for trade shows, as they have followed me to my new endeavor. Though no one compares to Neil and Jordy!
Wow I can honestly say, with no doubt in my mind, that I hate my brother.
Rep Carl Hollins is proof of what's wrong with KY. He will "allow" the bill to be heard.
I'm not a big twitter type of guy. I only talk yo 3 other adults and you're one if them.
creativity and adaptability.
Ready for work to end and hit up the gym!!
"Elaine Vassal: I'd call her a tramp, were I one to judge. Ally McBeal: Yes, were you one.
thankful for what your spirit has done for me. Love u juice. Happy thanksgiving
": #FireGeorgeKarl" I think its time sadly.. like him a lot.
may i suggest a little game called superbetter? :)
crime in this city is like the stock market up and down bull and beat the shares trades are life the Dow jones is body count
Tanning outside aye
"Machines rely on shared vocabularies to identify transitions and supply input data." Duh ? you travel all the way to Lyon for that
We don't have the option to not b advocates for libraries anymore.
I freaking love lions , elephants and cheetahs! They're so beautiful 💓
Late Friday lunch? Not a problem, we serve lunch until 2:30pm!
Enjoy the visit. We hope to see you again in the fall!
AH OMG im sitting waiting for it to be 10am to get my tickets!!! #TrueDirectioner <3
#eye of the tiger for Manny PAC fights!!! Awesome!
Just cant wait to get on the road again...life I love is making music with my friends
"The Lucky One" refers to those who don't see the movie, right?
Last to take stand today was Dr. Michael Neerman, county toxicologist. Said Ambien found in her blood was above normal thereputic levels.
I would extend my last RT to a culture of labeling Black/Brown folks as "crazy" when we call out someone's racism.
I love church and all my beautiful friends that attend! #HappyEaster ⛪ ❤
If the Seattle P-I was available on the Kindle, I would subscribe to it.
but water is so delicious! well, not really, but it's refreshing!
no. Omg. Noo. Im straight.
is one of the "top 100 bands you need to know in 2012" in the new AP :D Me Gusta!
I want an AMP...but it's almost 9:00. *sigh*
Just woke uo, did i miss anything important with Heat game?
what day works best for you? I can meet before 1 or after 6
Would be awesome if Gus called some of the great games from the past too (e.g. - Keith Smart in '87 NCAA champ game)
They who are of the opinion that Money will do everything, may very well be suspected to do everything for Money
My favorite library would have to be 's , because of all the great resources for students & faculty!
I don't know why, but the trending tag #PussInBoots reminds me of my ex-husband and his stupid $500 ostrich boots
Steamed Fish with Lime and Chile Recipe from Bon Appétit
I would also like to point out that I learned to drive a tractor at age 11, & I'm still alive. I learned respect for heavy equipment early!
Based on your iTunes photo, thanks for the tip Stugotz! Our morning show podcasts are now available on iTunes.
u really went on a #dstain3 tear last night
Cherry just burned the shit out my finger ....
Los Angeles, CA- need females for swimwear shoot. No nudity. Pay is 450 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
see the way
all your ever gonna be is mean.
You know you're getting old when you get excited for new socks and a new tooth brush. Thanks dad 👍
Jokes tonight at for the show. 9pm. Bear hugs & high-fives to follow
Nothings ever promised tomorrow today.
how long do you guys think One Direction will last before they're no longer a trend?
#WotD > adsorption < The accumulation of gases, liquids, or solutes on the surface of a solid or liquid.
Jim's kinda fell off. They used to be #1 in the Philly cheesesteak game. Now they need to earn that title back.
Tebow will get #Tomahawked tonight!
#ATXJobs #Drupal Developers...we NEED you! DM for details
Vocational & technical education prgms should be a pathway, not an end, to continued education, says Sr. Policy Advisor for Ed.
Finally following a voice of reason! Sorry it took me so long
Ending a beautiful day of providing
Wednesday is Spaghettini with Mushrooms day at Spaghetti Benders. Tastiest mushrooms ever.
Do you believe in #SIN ?
"Star oh star you shine so bright, wont you grant me one small wish tonight? That I wont die on this destructive path of mine"
shots ganna be sick
can i take screen shots on my screen please the boys are so close and big and HQ
In english again xD im so bored!!!! haha
hahaha i never lie ;) and why you happy its Thursday :P i won't be happy untill tomorrow :P lol
I've got sand in my Sperrys and I love it.
Red Dot Sale! on selected items up to 20% off at E & J Record Shop 1242 S Cesar Chavez Dr. Starting today, while supplies last. See Leslie
Check out the first 2 seasons of My hated & debated show DontBeAfraidOfTheDark FREE@ shutipandlistenpodcast.com or FREE on itunes.
Lol RT : How bout Nick!! That's a great name lol
The cd #myloxyloto is phenominal. i recommend it to everyone.
hell yeah. come back to columbus homie and let's get all jimmy fallon, straight ballin on em
Unfricken-believable tennis
Congrats on this tremendous achievement Ma. Hope your nails are extra special today.
Follow the yellow brick road
or I'm not the problem because what we said or did makes logical sense-to us
Well I'm fina lay it down had fun on beale st
I like how posts an IE8 download with the article.
Why would you think anything else? :) RT When Brits I follow tweet about Highbury, I assume they mean the bar in Bay View.
If you're gonna text me at 9:00 o clock at night & then fall asleep at 10:00.
So glad there was no school today
great article on the mind in newsweek - thanks!
Brew City Update: Orders placed by 12/17 will arrive before the Holidays!
u rock! What's your email?
Gotta love customer service surveys. Hahahaha
I want a glass of cold, ice water *yells to my brother*
weird I didn't get an invitation.
thanks girl <333 you are too :)))
Really excited for this trade with the and the warriors. Sad to see bogut leave but great to see new faces.
nutty nutty nut ball wackadoo of the week! ;P
The true test of love is showing it and saying it. Be proud of the one you love, Sometimes we forget to do those small things that matter.
Thanks! It will be fun. Stay tuned for updates.
Trying to get to 1k followers! RT : whats everyone doing?
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 118
Raven's girlfriend is ugly as fuck
Hope everybody had a great weekend! Nothing like topping it off with some Jacobs Brock and Brews band!
no I'll be in Bloomington. Are you free Thursday at all?
that could be a show!! How to outsmart a 9 year old!
S/O to for getting a job! Time to make that money. 💰💰💰
Happy April fools day.
lookin' good y'all! Keep if up!
congrats on the CBA Award!!! Well earned and deserved!
Oregon parking bureau why u no let me no pay!!!?
1 Future Goal: Make A Indie Rock/Hip Hop Band!
Apparently the Dr. Seuss estate was inherited by a lot of Once-lers.
I'm headed to the park for my 5 or 6 bf picking up the kids.
won already wow. [^0^]
OMG NO WAY I'M TELLING U THIS IS BULLSHIT NO WAY I'M SORRY BUT THOSE JUDGES ARE STRAIGHT UP HATING ON DONALD!!!! BO BO BO
I forgot how bad ass the first Matrix movie is
When planning, don't worry about getting it perfect. Worry about getting started (Felicia Cummings-Smith, KY Dept of Ed)
See, academia is cat-centric, there's no hope! ;-) RT : a dog could be considered a 4 legged academic suicide note
this iz business man! u dont hav 2 like it! i jus want u 2 know that im hard @ work on something INCREDIBLE! this is my pursuit of happiness
Looking for a Web Marketing guru with in depth knowledge of SEO, SEM, and email marketing. Contact me asap to learn more!
At Traffic Hells Kitchen rooting on the #Buffs!!!
I know haha
Una frase aún mejor para Obama: 'I have ordered to halt deport of working immigrants until Congress acts upon immigr. reform'
Simple things are the best. Had a truly wonderful conversation with my godfather today who's been going through chemo for so long.
and you're a grown man which means you should learn how to act like one. cause right now, a grown man doesn't hate on teenagers.
someday I'll go back to school. Maybe you will still be teaching then. Lol
Shes so pretty ♥
Then the day comes when you meet someone that just makes you want to populate the earth...be fruitful and multiply...
Let's see how long J lets me get away with watching the #oscars. An hour? Half hour?
Why is it that Las Vegas summers make you hibernate like a bear! I can't get any less than 9 hours of sleep without feeling exhausted!!
I have way to many things to sign in to and update
Major consumer teens are more like currents than one-time killer waves
Who tryna get otp
Good morning Portland! Come in for a hot fresh breakfast.
Ditto! ": LOL! Love talking with you!!! Can't wait for EPA Miami launch in June! xok"
ooh. that sounds FANCY.
got an appointment at noon, can be there at 1pm
RT : One who looks outside - dreams. Who looks inside - awakens. ~Carl Yung
Awww! Don't you look snuggly. :D
my kids love the fiction dog Bolt more than the puppy we just brought home one week ago. Fiction wins 2night.
lol right just trying to get on top
Fascinating! Was it in lobby? Or an actual gallery? Were visitors tweeting/txting to see their msgs on the wall? or just reading?
Having someone to talk to is key..
roads are clear
Believe it or not a #Blazers loss is better
get better, man!
lol right (; you ever go get your tongue pierced
'husband' bout to be goin out of town ;)
I'm always afraid he's gonna hit it away
Better enjoy it while it lasts. Lol
RT - don't expect them to beat the chargers. I bet the North Miami Beach Sundevils can beat the Dolphins and they ar...
I think when models show their boobs in magazines , they are just the biggest sluts out there.
My tummy will make a good home for this maimed chocolate bunny.
sure game starts at 9:23 so yeah wheneva
It's time for hunting !!
BluePrint Health DemoDay: entrepreneurs are just crushing it!! #Bphealth12 great job guys!
good luck & I won't hold Philly beating depleted Bulls against you.
haha! Brooklyn makes me a lil noivious! Haha I love the way they talked
Im sleepy
great seeing ya' & Amy today!
RT : I use 50% reduced fat Cabot... can b as low 60 cals per oz ": I'm looking 4 a way 2 have quality cheese
Listening to Voxtrot on the way to 's wedding. Crazy stuff.
at evolution?
once you listen to no other music can compare. <3
is hbomb there???
Thanks. It's doesn't pay a lot, much less than what I was making, but it's a paycheck. At least until the book takes off.
Austin will go to the UK! -.- #lifeisover. :(
I like Disney to
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBODY ELSE THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHELMED... i dont even have to keep going you know.
I love the "Imported from Detroit" ad campaign from Chrysler...
Okie dokie. Gonna pencil you in! :)
YES!! “: Those who do best continue to believe in themselves even when they are at their worst---- comeback round on the way!”
God sometimes i think drugs are just so friggin stupid!
Thanks! :) Can't wait to try those steak tacos.
He/she likes our relationship the way it is and I want more
RT: "Most men die at 27, we just bury them at 72." -Mark Twain What a great quote! OK, it's time to wake up and live!
The friendliest folks around are at Foster Indy Mart waiting to share some of their warmth with you! 7916 SE Foster 11-7
Oh Shitt! It looks like Mitt.
We are experts in the foil stamping process and can help you use it to the best effect. Adding a touch of class to your next document.
"The monetary cranks are right twice a century; 1933, and today. The other 98 years I am a Chicago-trained, libertarian, inflation-hawk."
Give this man a follow... - He won't disappoint.
what did u do!? Badass?
Let's go to the zoo and get one lol. I want a pet giraffe too. Our pets can be friends.
I'm back
All entered!! Thanks - can't wait to try these. Love the original nuts over choc and s'mores!
Yes. Lucky bastard.
no i was puttin a song there by wisin y yandel
Yes I called someone ab!tch tonite and that was out of line because no matter the insidious/contempt I feel there not that but u cnt take
That's Right ! I Follow Back !
Learning lines, marrying characters...
hahahah if I tell you I love you would that be weird
Yay for former PPEP student, Chris Jones who was asked to speak at North Seattle Community College for Convocation.
There is a Croc store at Faneuil Hall. How did I not know about this
I wish former Dean Durand could be here to see us graduate cc
Gr8 mix of instruments! Thanks for the follow. Best & success!
Dilemma: Skyrim or SWTOR? Can't do both ATM. Love RPGs, Bethesda and BioWare. Where do I spend my money and time?
You should def. come see it. Thank you for having us on the show!!
we'll have to get a group to go up to Cleveland in august so we can witness this first hand. Or road trip to Boston in June.
Chili cook off in Cutler Bay Park. We have a booth and need peeps to vote. This Sat Jan 8,2011
Stayed up later than a sick person should to plot down some ideas for RnR.
strawberries, bananas, and cheesecakes bites OH MY :) yum yumm
we commend & other SWOP chapters for "whore-ganizing" a crucial "Ho-test" today in regards to unsavory Google endorsements
Monday's are rough for me bro I'll do it thoigh
hahah oh thats ok ill still love you(: Ill be worse if anything .
Your day was already blown apart -- Know what I mean?? ;o)
lol im not willing to do that to my Frends tho...
RT : RT is "leading a war on traditional marriage," says , currently on his 4th marriage.
Yeah, I have a soft spot for Nas so I'm always checking for him. Song is tight. When you gracing me w your presence in NYC?
here is my direct response , we are real :)
Just witnessed flight attendant abuse on an #AA flight. Amazing! Headed to Mexico-spiritual warfare high for this nation. Pray for us!
Ok, I'm ready for this game to be over!
"Fools are free all the world over." ~ Dutch Proverb
There are only a couple good things about my job: the checks, the breaks, Sundays, and getting off work.
That would only make sense, though. And who needs a consistent user experience anyway?
So you say you that you never liked me and crap? Bro that makes you a even bigger whore xD
Your guys' tweets are so nice...makin me a little sad. Don't for our 7"/EP is coming out posthumously via
Off to my survival job. Feeling #grateful that I can still afford to pursue my dream!
Hallway hockey.
yah fer sher. How's your song writing going? We should hook you two together for some lyrical
If paper beats rock then why is it when I throw a rock at your face, the paper doesn't stop it
nerves sound fun to deal with! Thanks, I've been doing a lot better, now my challenge is finishing all this makeup work...
CAN'T wait! It will be amazing :) TGIF!
alot dallas gettn alotta tourist now lol but retweet r s/o my music on my page feat gucci mane help support
did u watch the video lol?
how would I solve that problem?! Be the doctor ???
Just went for my second run this week. Maybe after 8 years of trying I will finally enjoy it.
Sometimes I'm mean, but most of the times I'm not
Thank you everyone for coming out this weekend. New shows will be announced soon. Hang on to your bow ties!
Mind-blowing this wk. Thx to all who came, saw, and conquered. Off to Edmonton Canada for Break Forth. Snow, snow, here wego
Loves is just a game ... For rite now until u find ur soul mate
I'm here. Where r u?
All is flux, nothing stays still.
Is finding sleep quite elusive tonight. Have to be up in about an hour so it's lookin like an all nighter
Hopping on Minecraft now.
Thanks for the tweet - is excited about bringing the Fireworks to the Coliseum Complex!
I made you a teddy. I worked really hard on it.
I don't even go on the internet anymore. I just go on when my phone tells me I have stuff to look at aha.
Christina is not even wearing pants... what?
I gotta #Grind money don't just fall off trees and nobody is just gonna hand it over to me
My uncle been in the feds for 5+ years, i know he ready to come home
Happy Birthday Heath (RIP)
Beautiful Day!!
rise and grind 10 comes before eleven, but champions dont sleep past seven
Washing down vitamins with a Red Bull. Yeah, it's going to be that kind of day.
Watching a UPS ground shipment from the tracking website can be maddening; SC to TN in 24 hours? Hurry up, folks!
Rockin' my new skinny jeans.
great great great job on CapCap for the new issue of Nailed it =) You da best! Drinks soon? We say yay!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!! How are you celebrating?
RT - Damn Lloyd does kinda look like the cleveland indians mascot lol
Thanks to & for helping us raise $ yet again for ! Allison Pointe loves you guys!
": We on the eastside wit it tonight!! #Next2Naked mansion party gone be ttu!"
deff not lol we hung out last weekend lol
I think was angry when he made that beat lol
Colorado is so bi polar, yesterday was in the 80s and today its cold
Can you follow me please!!?! I love u <3
