5 days of school, filled with exams and finals. #YEEE :( 
#WeirdFactAboutMe I'm obsessed with hand sanitizer.
WE STILL HERE.. #AIGHT!!!
Red Bull #GivesYouWings but Redline gives you heart attacks
"Ron Paul to end active campaigning" #cnn Damn, there goes the gold standard!
do it!!! Wish I would still be there though...
Three miles is the new one mile.
Which agency provides training for municipal and county officers?
Closer to signing that deal baby!
congrats on a great game last night. Can't wait for Sunday.
Unibrows are only sexy when they're vertical.
Monday mornings are tough. I slept in. I have a cat on means can't move. I have to decide between French toast or omelette. Rough.
Don't just be part of life Live life to the Fullest, Make life your "Bitch" and OWN it ~ steve dorsey
yahhoooooo! Glad you enjoyed them....
had to chuckle when I saw your twitter name. Was just trying out a Martin at Guitar Center and asked if they had a sign.
bout lost both 2 of my fingers at softball but its all cool :) #screamedbloodymurder you screamed louder
everything will be okay just think of the positive =]
If I'm in an actual case, yes. But here, in the JUROR'S LOUNGE, it is a circus. And this for two weeks.
About to watch #humancentipede. Well, attempt to watch it.
always wonderful when I talk to u!!! Goin to get some boneless n a min #LuvBW3's
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily - Zig Ziglar.
Hey, don't forget about the Interview with Jennifer on ABC. Be sure to have you some tissues! :(
so at first it said processing..324 minutes..i almost flipped a beeotch.
What a temp swing!
I'm too nice of a person. I can't be mean. Lol
whoa, what talks? i can't remember!
Home Remedies for Dry Hair - Natural Cures and Herbal Treatment
We're thinking Thursday is the new Friday and so drinks are in order. Anyone with us?
and what we would say ;)
Worst experience ever with a human being. I need alcohol..a lot of it. Really anything I can punt right now would be fine.
#tweetyourweight 175.5 Relapse Week has almost come to the end. Kickball and Ruth's Chris today, then back on the wagon tomorrow!
I give more weight to numbers pre-shoulder injury from collision. .281/.333/.737 OPS (and three unexpected SBs)
What's Up Bitches?..
#robbiewilliams vs #tomcruise in a #mma bout, who wins and how...
Makes me want a whoopie pie! Bob & Sue Miller, owners of Das Dutchman Essenhaus, win 2012 Will Koch Indiana Tourism Award cc:
Hope your up for a fun fantasy photo day overload! ;)
It was pretty good. Did you get some good studying done?
Going to Portland, OR next week to play with a really big API...
Michael Ondaatje's The Cat's Table
Did you guys dress up?
Just found out 5 months of auto-deducted bill payments we made were accidentally credited to another customer's account. Ah, technology.
I'm by exhibit hall 4
Anyone going to be at the Women's Final 4 this weekend? There should be some great games.
yes!! Very true as well.
Christian Laettner's shot was great and all, but how bad was that D by Kentucky
why aren't you at school? D: I'm telling!
Sometimes you can't be everything to everyone, so its better to not be anything to anyone. Come back later and rub success in their faces.
#FollowFriday #FF RT For every bumper sticker you have, I deduct 10 points from your IQ.
There are three objectives of Chocolate Cake Day: To bake a chocolate cake. To decorate a chocolate cake. And, to eat a chocolate cake.
My homie Hex sent me a bangin ass beat to feat on, I love when artists know music and recognize good beats
thank you Nathan!
No line as usual at Falk Elem. I was voter 511.
#Wedding toast: May you both live as long as you want, And never want as long as you live.
Figure Drawing Tonight! 5-8 pm. BYOMaterials and $10. New location: 505 W. Main St
Enjoy your break. Looks like the weather will be conducive to your plans.
Coffee on my brain, please.
Dodge, Chevy, Ford, then Toyota.
fresh out the shower
You wonder why I don't flirt with you anymore, out of all people you should know why, you have a girlfriend. Go get her to flirt with you...
ive had that before!!!!! It's mad good:)
it happens! I found out I have ADHD once I got to college & once your on the right medicine it's seriously a miracle!
I just wanna be with her and the baby
Good shower,cold cocktail & a blunt,np Vent by ,real music for real niggas
Glad you enjoyed it! We had so much fun!
Things men do...
Great meeting and chatting with you at the AMA's. Look forward to having you in the office
Why is it when your sitten on the beach, you look at your naked toes in the sand and it looks like they're singing the most happiest song??
We'd love to hear from you. Send us an email at !
Oh Okay But Are Serious That's Messed Up ! /:
Q&A time or discussions from 3:30 - 6:00 today as well....
Horny!!! Wanna get somebody!! Any. Videos??? Of u guys followers
E-books make it possible for people who should have stayed silent to communicate how insane they are to the rest of the world.
are you in a classroom?
so down for June. But maybe for may too!!
I'm in one of those horrible downswings I've heard so much about. Thinking bout taking a break
I hope you enjoy my review of your music on iTunes.
i pay lots of attention to italy. Big ac milan fan. They way they play the game is very similar to mls
Ok so the West Regional is giving me trouble: Davidson over Louisville? Iona over Marquette? Memphis? Missouri? LB State? man i have no Idea
I hate u u r a jerk for calling your fans f words and b words and crazed and jealous well take a look in the mirror u monster
Thank you and Congratulations to you and JL Houston!
What are UR wellness goals, challenges? FREE 30-minute nutritional breathrough session. To schedule: .
This is gonna be a big tour. Do you know the all stars tour besides the obvious suicide silence, styg, and I see stars?
omgg that bar was so good..bring me in more :)
Chef Duff made ma a cake!
Watching dirty Harry!
Not even halfway done with my ouline ._____. fml
Perhaps we can use to calculate the carbon footprint of that salad.
If u marry me I'll buy u all your dream cars! XD
"I have had my instagram since 2009. Or whatever. Never used it once." Why aren't you quite the hipster... :P
It worked the last time.
you named your tamagotchi after me?! How sweet!!
Wow she crazy!
i will buddy your obviously a Miami marlins fan right
Would anyone like to do a skype interview/conversation about ESL teaching? Send me a message for details #ESL, #EFL,
we have 4 worldwide trends.
This is how we dO it
All I wanna do is eat!!!
while the war on women went on..North korea launches ...u got it under control
yeah. I'm not ginna eat wings thats unhealthy.
And just like that, we're open! Wonderful audience tonight.
I've been good. How about you?? I know, I need to get better at keeping in touch lol.
Excited to go to tonight for "sloppy hour" #PCBW Day 1
But that's just me.
Had a stupid nightmare about the zombie apocalypse! I need to stop watching reruns of the walking dead
Where'd Stevie learn to read palms? ;)
whats the name
Thank! You! For! The! RT!
DAMMIT YA'LL GONE GET ME FIRED! O WE!
thanks for reading - and the coverage
lol oh wow
Ever since I met you, no one else is worth thinking about.
Hey, do you know where I can get some of those awesome sunglasses that Quinn was wearing in the season premiere episode?
Profile photos, at least on pages, are bigger now, too
“: I'm in soo much pain!”
"A non-violent negotiation"
Thank You!
lmaooo yea nd i changed my username back
Fields played GREAT defense on that last possession, nothing u can do about Wade hitting that
My autistic child called a peer "stupid" today. His first name call ever. Not proud and had to discuss. It is typical but not what we want!
Or coming into a new year without a clear plan to arrive at your destination where ever that might be
I guess. You started it and I just finished it. He ain't gonna see that tweet anyways. He prolly just got like a million mentions.
"TO DO IS TO BE" - Nietzsche "TO BE IS TO DO" - Kant "DO BE DO BE DO" - Sinatra
Bags are packed & I'm ready to return to Milwaukee. A special thank u to my primo & to for his hospitality.
Not going to be able to tweet for awhile because I'm in trouble, bare with me.
Awesome! We'd love to help you write something about it! DM us an email address and we can discuss in more detail?
#whenbrokepplgetmoney fake nails and hair become their #1 priority
Thats that nerve...
hitting ATL soon
Oh *sneeze* Mom! Ufff *sneeze* why you *snuff* gotz to kiss me...
: It's pretty good.
With the exception of best original screenplay #woodyallen and there is nothing interesting in this phoney
Long day yesterday.
Why do I fall for the guys I CAN'T ever have.....
good wear a dress with me and tomorrow 😊
Red Carpet tonight in Hollywood big shout out to Joann Boznos make sure to check out her work and follow
Will do!
so i hear you tweet all the time show me your ways :p
I do I thought you were asking me
RT : I am in beautiful Estes Park,CO-singing here this afternoon with Eric Gunnison,Mark Simon & Paul Romaine
Listening to some DMX to get ready for this exam
I can think of a few recruiting teams he could run ;-)
RT : Proofreading tip: Check if subject and verb (especially when other words come between them) agree in number and person.
Just when it looked like the Stags were done for, they have pulled to within 6 with 1:48 to play. ISU 63 Fairfield 57
thank you we love your butt & your heart!
That email make it to you last week?
me? Lol;) miss you face lady.
Thanks! All the best to you as well.
I only give my number to guys because I know they ain't go away till they get it. Then I just never answer or reply.
Would you believe that I can't find a Hawaiian shirt horrible enough at Walmart.
sorry I keep bringing you to hipster dive bars. sort of. not really.
small world! Wish I could be there hanging with you.
Be back lovees.
off to for another week of press and PR to support #rawessentials canadian launch with Wish me luck
plz do i need cock so bad
When you introduce two of your friends and they get closer than you were with either of them and you feel left out.
Home from Nashville and finishing the prep for a women's retreat tomorrow - what is it about May that is so non-stop? I know I'm not alone.
Do you use a low iron if your driver is hitting bad?
RT : The latest Kaiser Health Tracking Poll shows the public is favorable towards every component of #hcr except mandate....
Just got out of a TERRIFFIC panel on university presses and their potential to break into the eBook market. I want a Kindle!
What a Gooby
Now that ACM has an office separate from the school there are so many keys. Keys everywhere and I don't know what they all open!
. No, I love it! For reals. Especially the part where you interviewed Matthau's wife (via phone) while she was in the bathtub!
How we were.
thanks, used the droid x, think it's time to get a real camera :) Thx for the flickr link too! #wallpaper!
Failure is not an option. Success is just the process. Say YES one time, they use you. Say NO one time they plottin
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Barbour County until 02:00 PM
So busy that I'm grateful my lunch date cancelled today and I had lunch at my desk So much work to do.
That last tweet was specifically for but I tweeted over zealously and forgot to tag her.
with this win tonight CATS will likely be #1 seed in SEC tourney. We need tickets!!
I like when Adele was singing cause when the camera panned the crowd everybody was singing not just a select few....
live tweeting
Well you did what you could and there's nothing you can do to fix her stubborn ass.
Cheaper than recruiting someone for better pay.
Because of #SpringFestival in China, all orders from the factory will be delayed. If you need devices urgently, please contact USA office.
Im a creative man motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Stop reaching. Believe in yourself enough to know u will get there
I don’t think I could possibly make you doubt yourself, unless you had the unnatural talent for being wrong most of the time.
Lunchtime Farmers Market today 11-2. 4 SD Food Trucks to feed you; Local Farmers; Fresh Produce. #HHDSD I-15
my name is old school, I was named Merle. Hated it as a kid on first day of school!! Now I'm 33 and it's kinda cool.
Isnt that the sweetest little face! Just wanna give her kisses!! :) Have a great evening, Kelly!!
Has he thought of going to a chiropractor? We fix many injuries, even severe ones without surgery successfully.
I want to do as many things as I possibly can now while I'm young so I don't grow up to be one of those weird angry adults
Working on dropping in a YouTube Channel widget into a clients Wordpress Blog. Wordpress really needs to simplify that process!
lady gaga I freakin love yew!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!
Looking forward to some great live rock n' roll this summer :-)
Leadership is doing what is right when no one is watching. – George Van Valkenburg
And to u + yours!
keep up the good work in Boston!! Maybe I'll see ya there!
Ian Soboroff from NIST talking about research into search and the TREC program. Search is not a fully solved problem.
absolutely, & a game they took control of and should've won. Painkillers kicked in 9th, this'll hurt more tomorrow.
sure. meant that comprehensive strategies to integrate many aims better than corridors designed with 1 problem in mind.
What the hell is a pink dolphin?
Please, don't ask me to retweet URLs to clichéd haiku. I wouldn't do it to you. #poetry #Writing At least get the syllable count right.
I hope has an awesome day too haha don't let anything bother you bud :)
tell that girl she dumb
what's iMessage? I'm not paying for this? Can I text back?
9 more followers !!
hello<3 please follow me!!!
Enjoy! Cheers xox
Thanks! You are so cutting edge. It is appreciated very much!
Hey lady, let me know when you wanna meet tomorrow : )
Fringe still has a chance for renewal if you tune in tonight - deal's not done yet
come with me
'The intuitive application of exercise principles...' This is CG Philosophie
hehee thanks babe! ;) x
“: I never chase, I replace. Remember that.”
The new year will bring new products and scents. What scents would you recommend for a candle. Drop us a line at
Would very much like to know #nickiminaj's workout after seeing the starships video!
Yeah I hear you talkin', don't know who you tryin' to flatter. Got my mind made up. I'm ready for yah.
Buy the SINGLE from Lrical Trilogy "The Hybrid" for MMA fighter Joe Duarte on Itunes. Help starving rappers!!!! Well our hunger for success
classic tweeting.....
Mahalo for the RT! So many things going on today! Happy #cincodemayo!
: Not fair. Is he being directly harassed (on Twitter) or is the other guy slandering him in a public forum of some kind? Curious.
Anyone who tweets No Silver Bullet is a-one in my book! :)
...dude iz hot n killn' the hook to his own track! i mean seriously, da nigga made a beat usin' hair clippers! #dudeis2good!
Way too much going on yet i have time to let twitter know
lol I know I can't wait hey do u have a facebook??
:, checking in on the GW bridge: Oh hey, 10 people are here!"
Did you get the flat package i sent you?
followed sorry it took so long.-anna
AFD looking for 4 new sworn, 4 new civilian positions in FY2013
Good afternoon everyone! And special mention to our new followers - , ,
Congrats! That's great news!
Never should have sent that kid to Hogwarts.
sorry about that got hacked
#21CRadio is tomorrow night at 6pst! Join the discussion for a chance to win tix!
I smile and act like nothing is wrong, its called putting shit aside and being strong.
Grande Peppermint Mocha with soy to start the morning off right.
No & I plan to address this on podcast tonight. RT : Do Browns think fans are idiots when they say weedens here 2 compete w mccoy?
Friends of #tsw2012 let's show some love to #csw4 happening this weekend in Charlotte! cc
Thanks, Matt.
I love how those $1,000 #Saints bounties have evolved into a $7 million payout for coach Sean Payton.
I need that VIP hookup
The Colony are backstage. Green Ant mentions he has a shot at the Heritage Championship next week.
Being in the House of Blues reminds me of all the shows I've been to here and it feels SO GOOD
if i could ask #oomf 1 question.. it would probly be "do you even care at all ?"
-Congrats love that's so exciting!! Can't wait for my Wedding next week! xox
Black Friday Huge Furniture Sale !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Watching 1981 simi final NCAA game. Virginia vs. North Carolina. I had no idea Ralph Sampson was that big. Worthy owns the short corner.
Just got signed to a modeling agency! Instagram. I look legit.
lol, so when we gonna get a new avi?
Listening to Juelz Santana & J.R. Writer & 40. Cal. & Killa Cam!!! That's What the Game's Been Missing!
Love the throwback.
It sure is! Come join us at #thatcamp Philly.
The honest truth....
4) our big house 5) a friend or two 6) Noah's preschool 7) okay that's pretty much it
Follow back me,Is Hot related to Watch Desperate Housewives Online
From a city-police press conference on recent violence. #madison MT : Soglin: Zero tolerance for violence, illegal firearms.
I keep having these really strange dreams. And you're always in them... Just out of reach
Thanks for being a part of our Taco Tuesday tonight, sir!
"Facebook Co-Founder Renounces U.S. Citizenship" #huffpost So he can pay less taxes. Will Zuckerberg do the same?
would love to hear how you can find out in either a qualitative or quantitative way. My thesis is this.
Heard a rumor that if we brewed enough Summer Brew, it would turn spring into summer. We're currently testing this rumor.
i got weed 2 smoke, but i aint fie'n up shit till dis game over
Happy 1 year job-versary to me! And here's to many more! The radio tells me that today is also the Bieber's 18th birthday. Coincidence?
Memories!! RT : Good times --&gt; RT : We in sunny Arizona..who bokin tonight?
Alright refs, don't let there be a goalie interference on Marty tonight. I know that he is so good that you threw the Flyers a bone.
Good to see you, man! Hope you had a good time.
Why is it when you drop a pill it automatically looks for the best possible hiding place?
Sounds wonderful Donald. Hope you will follow me back. Let's connect! Much Love #DenieceWilliams :))
Y not legalize it...it can't be that much worst than cigarettes
Thanks man. It better.. or no one gets to see it. Ha.
I wish they'd quit lying to these ugly hoes, tellin' 'em they're cute, when they look like shit.
Didn't fall asleep until 6am and already up
you're wrong! We need a battle royal with #levilowrey vs !
Every prayer is wasted on a name that's faceless.
If you love music as much as I do show your love and support!! #4KM!!! c:
Tomorrow officially starts 2012 - It's back to work! Gonna make some things happen!!! ;)
Do you need Air Conditioning installations In DFW call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
believe it or not, i'm not attending 's panel this morning!! wish you were here ;)
Difference between opinion and hate. As a Duke alum, your probably not crazy about UK yourself but you don't show a bias.
both of my younger brothers are taller than me.
all are sound reasons
Ayee guess who's getting a Facebook! Yeah buddy!! :),
I advise you not to trust that hoe.
Hey social networks, I'm trying to find some images of manly/confident video game characters. Care to lend a hand?
LOL. Now that's poetry in motion!
thanks for the follow!
plz cheer me up cuz my....my..my boyfriend cheeted on me
Seriously every one of 's songs is a hit!<3:)
i'm done i give up
like what?
Thank you so much, Patrick!! It was a good day...
come party in texas sometime
Just had a hot breeding session. I also drank most of his massive piss load. Fucking hot!
Do YOU want to be a part of my #MotivesBombshellteam? Become a distributor for #MotivesForLaLa make $$$! Email
We couldn't agree more! Happy Friday.
Car looks great! Hope we get to ride together in AZ this year! Can't wait for you to see sometime soon...
the film you helped me with accent etc was for
Looks like the water district means business when they said water shut off from 8am - 8pm. The toddlers are not pleased... : (
This year, CHAPC's Chair, Vice Chair and 2nd Chair are all women. Lady powah!
All these nights of working and staying in are going to pay off when summer comes around
Was without my Droid for a couple hours. The twitching seems to have stopped now that I have it back.
Still hurts sometimes & it was my second sprain-more than a month though.
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join & at KLUSOZ... at RIO... at PEPPER.
just got dont shooting hoops
talk radio messed up. It seems no calls got thru. Sorry. Thanks for calling in though.We appreciate it and you!
It's actually warm outside?
Another sold out show with and
No ma'am I'm open for the convo just as the other party Should be...
Sounds like my wife! :) RT : Trips to Target without my husband always end with new items for my closet.
I'M READY FOR THE VIDEO DAMMIT
my first tweet was "gallons of whale semen"
My favorite description of the “The Scream” from today's chatter about its sale: “The painting that launched 1,000 therapists.”
#AskObama can you tell me when and will be back to their day jobs?
"I think she's drunk, and I admire her." - Gaby
It's 545 AM in MI and it's 81 degrees. Yep, the heat wave has arrived. I can't believe it's that warm!!
Hard working, thoughtful, friendly. I've worked for many political offices, and this is by far the best group of people.
Lights. Camera. Dance.
Guys tell me I'm gorgeous or beautiful or sexy etc blah blah blah but don't do shit to make me feel like it
Waking up to Skrillex man, its gonna be a good day
trying to get our followers up :) not just for the numbers but so mahomies are brought together ;D
Severe weather watch likely to be issued for immediate area: Hail appears to be the main threat, with poss tornadoes near WI-IL line.
#FF , i always enjoy their tweets.
Seriously. This little girl waiting for the 22 just said, "I don't feel like standing next to black people. It's too uncomfortable."
#TheBestPartOfMyDayWas getting a haircut
I'm tatted the fuck up but I could be even more tatted
I'm just scared. I don't mean to make you angry. I just cant think. You still are my heart and you always will be. Forever.
. on avoiding cognitive bias in telling stories. Anecdotes on 1-click, etc. can be seen as indicative, or just "bad apples.
“: Lmfao yeah it's kinda how I talk so...Lmfao” Kinda???
Great job Tammy to you and the team at APS!
#love ur music, just wondering when u r coming out w/some new music?
Just got accepted to ... So very excited!
we can only hope.
I dunno why I called it freaky friday
my lil brothers stealiing my older brothers girl lmfaoo
Yeah, there's a costume contest. You see a lot of wedding dresses at the race. I'm thinking of going as Squidward.
i don't know, lol. #winginit hoping to win a satty to something :D
On earth, there's a bunch of bullshit, in space there is way more bullshit and it's hard to breathe
Finished reading Steve Jobs bio by Walt Isaacson - Deeper appreciation of art & technology intersection
K-9 in the booth
when you're on a team, you USE the team. that's what they're there for. if a sport could be played by one person, there wouldn't be a team.
no problem! Thanks for retweeting our story!
So that was you. I should have known
I cry more for happiness than sadness. People helping out for the greater good: instant tear jerker.
Cheating on the diet.
i agree. are you coming to ny anytime soon?
X Nutrients wants to take me to the Cali show but I'm not sure if my health issues will be an issue with traveling or not.
Thanks for sharing!
Would Be Interested In The Blog, We Could Send You A Shirt For Your Marketing!
Thanks for mention, Patrick. Langcasters represent.
We hope that you enjoyed class on Tuesday. :-)
Goal: age as well as Michelle Pfeiffer. Damn she's hot!
Happy mothers day to my dad!! 2 parents in 1
and you can work in your pajamas
no problem!
One can borrow the money from a bank or any real estate broker
ohh you bastard. That's not fair!
I wear my heart upon my sleeve like a big deal.....
Now I get to spend lots of time at the BMV.
That's a little creepy, Kikko. But then again, so is us spying on your tweet conversations. Call it even.
Is the opening act for Steve Breen, U-T editorial cartoonist, at the Conservative Order for Good Government luncheon.
Not happy to discover that Daughters of the Sea: Lucy ends in a cliffhanger! Arghh!
will be helping out at booth (32). Stop by and say hi - would love to meet you.
wished you had a fwd button? :)
No ID and Common....SPEECHLESS!! cocaine80s.com
Red robin in washington:) dust and car @ jerimiahs for prom. They looked soo cute!!
More to come! :)
#ImWeakFor A girl thats cool with just having a day for just us.
we not goin no more
New Alert released last night..do your dd now!!
Listening to has made me a Conway Twitty.
No expectations
And we beat them both!! #GORAMS RT : Congrats to NexMex and CU Buffs. Well earned bids to NCAA
Mom: Everyone says Enrique can't sing but I like him. I think he's cool. And Pitbull? If I was just 10 years younger. Me: You're killing me.
if you have the $ yes :)
Now just waiting for five min, ready to back room n take some rest
At the phoenix open for the first time enjoying the weather!
Summer is so close I can almost smell it
I actually saw it this past weekend, my b/f's brother has it. Looks awesome & huge! But I'll most likely stick with what I know.
No I barely have time for my news lol What's up?
Merry CHRISTmas everyone!.... Happy Birthday, Jesus!<3
Outstanding Student Organization of the Year -- !
I wanna do a bestfriend tag and put that shit on Youtube. Same for a boyfriend tag video. Deeceeent. ^.^
you so like it
MoMa, c. 1999. RT: Christina Balkaran '12 interned this summer in Hawaii. Where did you do your internship?
I did read your review. King's book was a page-turner. Couldn't put it down. Thick, 849 pages. Can't wait to see movie version!
the funny thing is she's not the best the MA Dems can do but it's the best they think they have to do. Kinda sad really.
I just finished looking over the Paul Plan. It is by far the greatest read since Trickle Up Poverty. Ron Paul 2012!
Check out my short NFL picks video on www.thechiefsports.com Let's go: St. Louis Rams, San Diego Chargers and San Fran 49ers
indeed more and more people are starting to believe“: ORIOLES FREAKING MAGIC!!!!!!”
your going to work Cruz go get that title your biggest fan shmeds
Just bought my mom flowers for Mother's Day 💐
Dallas, Tx
Isaiah 9:6 For to us a child is born, to us a son is given, and the government will be on his shoulders.
Might seem like we're spamming today... :-/
amazing bags in today! adding fuel to fire with this little shopping addiction of mine...
then they wouldn't be able to comment back to you...
Thanks! We hope you can make it to SF to have a bite with us!
Eating Chinese food while I wait for my hair mask to be done
"Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience." Ralph Waldo Emerson
Pacers played awful. Sucha bummer. Next game
"Lamont, Lamont!" Duh,duh,duh, duh....duhduhduhduhduhduhduh duh duh duh. Like an episode of sanford and son
sure. wanna grab lunch at beezzee? Euro cafe at Sheffield and Diversey?
Now would be a nice time for Alf's first homer.
always do it!
Can't wait! RT : One week until the Market Square Farmer's Market opens!
Daniel O'Donnell: Teaching Our Children Not to Follow Romney's Example: Our schools must help children learn tolerance and respect fo...
Today was exactly what the doctor ordered. I'm so lucky to have finally found such a solid group of friends. <3
Yuna has the most beautiful voice..
yes...and u?...That is, you have a boyfriend?
Prop 8 goes down! The sun is shining, and love prevails over hate, at least for now.
Web-conferencing with other academic librarians across the state to talk about electronic theses & dissertations.
Aw! Look who just woke up and lifted his head out of the puddle of drool.
Either I'm missing something, or the Visually infographic tools are limited to Facebook and Twitter tools...right?
I completely uncontrollably love my friends
After they left Colt McCoy out to dry, Cleveland is hoping Brandon Weeden can succeed with Greg Little as his top target. Good luck.
Mad Men, Suits, Breaking Bad, Newsroom, Veep, and Girls
Remember ladies, the knight with the shiniest armour has done the least amount of brave or cool shit.
too bad you're not available to join, at least mich will join us tomorrow. funny we usually drink instead of gym :( lol
so chatty she is :)
Hahahahaha! I think I can order some online. If not, I'll let you know.
who woulda thought & hooked on after I heard them 1st in ireland?!
Am at the ALA Virtual Town Hall 2011- v. smooth so far; great job guys!
I need to just give up
just got my bib number - 4925! - here I come!
Live everyday in remembrance of what He did for us on the cross Live all your life victorious of what He did in us through the resurrection
Just took some Spark and now its workout time!
that sounds good to me!!!! wassup bruh??? U aint bring me no shot for yo birthday no way. I think food wil suffice
Our next show is at Club Diesel in Pittsburgh on Friday 11/18/11! DOORS OPEN AT 4. Come check it out!
What a boring day.....
Life, unfortunately, doesn't seem 2 care what we want ~ Richelle Mead
Scandal is amazing! So happy it was renewed.
Bring the cups baby I can bring the drank, bring your body baby I can bring you fame.
EVERYONE WEAR PINK FOR JAELYN TOMORROW . <3
• WCSD continues to keep its budget process open and transparent
I love Fridays. People are in a good mood and you can approach new people easier on Friday.
So I need to know where my peeps are at! I'm in Hall 5 waiting for B. Thurston. Who's here?
Chilling at Champps with Kelly 
Love how my beats put amber to sleep lol.
It's time for bed. I just got out my bath and i'm pissed I cant reach the bottom of my belly 2 apply this strech mark cream on.
Adam is down!! #BB13 #CBSBigBrother Everybody say it with me 'SHOCKER'!!
BARDEUX !!! I NEED YOU SO MUCH WORK !! LOL
Any recommendations for hotels in Paris and Bordeaux? No spam please, just genuine responses.
My little sister has started reading my book report book......before I have.
I think there are too many marketing positions, it kills innovation and slows down action
Did lil girl jeffin her ass off
Good times guys!
So Chicago...guess we'll see!
Why is shipping $12 for a $16 book? Want to replace a lost Blurb title but can't justify huge shipping fee again. :-(
lol its still a long drive
At USC, afraid of getting run over by one of the thousands of bikes here.
Policies are many, Principles are few, Policies will change, Principles never do. -John C. Maxwell
Thanks for passing on all the deals!!
just drove through there last night on our way home to Nashville! and we got our pet pig from kentucky :)
Chillin' in Ramona, CA for Matt's 22nd birthday!! That means I finally get CAKE!! YAYYY!!
The paranormal moment when you've been sitting down for so long, that when you get up, you feel like a manikin... o_o
Very Cool! --> says will make a special appearance at Camp Pendleton Marine Corps Base 11:00 a.m.-1:00 p.m. May 12th
Really appreciate your mentions, RTs & shout outs
Thanks to everyone who came out to the show last night! Hope you enjoyed the new songs and we'll see you again soon!
Cool! I thought they killed command-option-shift-4 when OS X came out. Better feature with new binding fine w/ me
but does that get docs in board?
97 followers in less than 24 hours. That is pretty cool!
aww babygirl! I bet you're still the prettiest E3 in the world :)
I can't even remember what I said…but it was so southern
Was just wondering when we were guna see the Rodgers Nelson combo
so much more tilting than losing a $500 flip imo
One of my first students.
To burn the calories from a supersized fast food meal you would need to walk for 7 hours. Or there is another option … just not care!
lol which one?
When it comes to jewelry, what color combinations would you like to see together? Be bold, be daring!
Haha just saw on TMZ and was shirtless.
Counting down...9 days until vacation:)
Shout Out To My Bro >> << FOLLOW HIM Get At 800 !
I think there is so many things wrong with me
my birthday is Tuesday can u please mention me in a tweet saying happy birthday and i love u lmaooooooooo
HOW ARE U? AVRIL
OMG DIED
...Guess I was giving off librarian vibes. Or they felt comfortable asking a girl that looked their age instead of the older male librarian.
That gangsta feeling when you rap your favorite song without messing up
One very high grade example sold for $4400 last year.
Gearing up for a Back to School Concert on Friday and the "Target 500" Back to School Supplies Giveaway on Sunday.
ha...far far from it sweets
Babe is crazy as ever. I will never give up tap water, but I gotta say the new Brita filter on Lau 3 is bomb
Sup Nique! How have you been?
don't bitch that people don't like you because your not being nice to the people you call friends.
Discovery Science training tomorrow, next year is going to be AWESOME!
My mommys sick..
Congrats to one of my best friends on signing with the #NewYorkKnicks. Very happy for you brother, go get it!
Only 152 more words I have to write for my persuasive paper...I can do this
Today's tip: Keep a food diary. This will help you understand your eating habits and identify areas where you can improve. Have a great day!
anyone doing anything cool in Boulder tonight?
Heard a crazy rumor that got a library job today...congrats!
Victor Cruz's ACTING CLASS tonight Pearl Studios 500 8th Avenue #4th fl. NYC. Class $20.
Thanks for posting!Lots of exciting things happening soon w/ our community partners at the #MLK development
that was a big ass thump from that crotch kick
Getting soné tickets NeXT week yes
How different life would be if we didn't think in terms of dollars and cents.
Damn I always wake up late for Greco weigh ins.
Yes! stroke recovery was a fav part of my prac & I got very excited demonstrating how SLPs facilitate improvement. loved it
Everyone gets a DM after participating. We will draw from the participants on Monday & will announce if you are a winner!
#3WordsForYou I. Hate. You. (:
Welcome to Fun with Flying at Logan... have fun on Nantucket this weekend!
hOW MINDLESS ARE YOU .....send us a Picture of you being Mindless and we will pick a Winner !!!!!!!
I've been avoiding Prezi even though I've had an account forever. I successfully made one today, including images and links! Go me!
- nice congrats on the move! how r u doing?
Captain's Yacht disembarking!
For Bocce, a Bit of a Crescendo in New York In New York, bocce has been embraced by a new generation of players from hipsters in Brooklyn
Anyone know a Zumba instructor in the VAB area willing to work an event
LOL I'm not even sure that saying even made sense
sexy avi sister... Meow!
"Emotion is highly overrated in football. My wife Corky is emotional as hell but can't play football worth a damn." - John McKay
that's a pretty good idea for the next brawl! all kinds of doctors though-- Who, No, McDreamy, Ruth, etc.
seats are taken, but crowd is thin right now
Wish you luck Bennett, you'll regret not coming to KY!!!
can an entourage consist of cats
happy birthdayy!(: hope you have a GREAT one !
alskdjwoeirualkdsjfaoaeirw OMG BY WHO?!
love the shot! you were totally in need of a VW van...perfect, Mo. :)
“: Facebook was cool until all my notifications became event invites.” exactly for non sense events usually lol
I'll text you
haha. nothing? austin im almost donw making your video!!!!!!!!!!!!! im so excited
Why do people have to make a simple task hard
thx 4 the RT...walking on clouds right about now
So much to do and so little time to do it
Rain poncho?
I must say, I'm really loving the new show Hell on Wheels on
HILARIOUS! Auto correct is my worst enema.
Waiting at the post office. Longest line ever...
Awesome night with family.
Tomorrow night kicks off the Eischens Yoga trial classes at 7:30pm! Can't make it? Come to our other trial class 8:00am Thursday!
Why does everyone think that marq was robbed? Pac was the aggressive fighter!
RT “: ITS ON TONIGHT EVERYONES RUNNING "SINGLE" ITS TIME 2PARTY IT UP COME GET YOUR DRINK ON PPL IN SAN ANTONIO!!
Quality time with loved ones makes me happy!
I only listen to Wizzle Man >>>>
I enjoy my life at home as much as I enjoy vacations we create our own world
Hahaha yeah!! I'm like freaking out now lol X)
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends
LOL! Not sure who needs the support more: my #CSU Rams or our #UNLVMBB team. Still undecided on green or red.
The Eastern Europeans still have to start from somewhere ;)
im going on so many trips in 2012!!
Best active recovery for extremely sore quads from sprints?
We are about to start a rolling marathon.
Off to list in Brownsburg
Welcome to Baltimore!
Hey everyone! We're selling sweatshirts in Kimmel until 8:30pm. Not many left, so get 'em while you can!
yeah it is making me sleepy
She is so funny, kind, and genuine. Love her even more now.
yeah we could!
Reading your tweets from yesterday, and I'm not ashamed to admit that I liked Jackie O's retrospective! I found it interesting!
Spanish Village on Almeda. I've been a regular there since birth. Was there Saturday for a family celebration.
Great. The one week I draw the pole I get Jeff Gordon who hasnt won from the pole in 5 years.
woo pig sooey?
Trying to get a screen shot from Google Maps street view, but there's a UPS truck in the way. Clicked refresh 5x, but it didn't drive away.
stupid . so much . nialler is perfect for me yknow
are you going back to your solo stuff since you're not in HMO anymore?
what happened to your fb???
D.C. Zine Fest was fantastic and netted some cash for new stock. Submit your zines for distro consideration!
How would you feel if I told ya you ain't worth the trouble
Was The Car Rose And Jack Had Sex In Really On The Titanic? [Video]
Great company and great collections tonight
She never accepts responsibility for anything. She claims if we recorded our conversations I'd be mortified but if anyone else saw the way
What is really the value in learning about history, I wonder?
Eleanor Roosevelt kept busy with the "Over the Coffee Cups" radio show in 1941. "Get More Out of Life with Coffee."
I thought that might be the case---as a chaplain myself, I always watch out for my peeps!
What if I'm texting something/someone important? You never know.
Future bash bros and KP3 #BEARDOWN thanks for the in game tweets
RT : Romney's best answer in weeks...
like drake say over my dead body refuse to give up on life
for Rob Kasper book party.
Go tell him Arlo is hard to hear on TV.
knows all about getting #internships as a #student. Let her help you! Bring Lauren Berger to speak at your
ridin with a hoe named lisa eatin on pizza
Good morning. You are loved.
agreed! Fitness robots!! 😳💪
A Lot of ppl talk about being about money but when it comes all down to it its all talk.. Grind hard or die of hunger..
Hi and thanks for the mention :) Interesting tweets, I can get quick updates fast ~ Tammie
Lopez: "The whole time I just kept saying over & over, 'Mommy loves you & I'll do anything for you if you fight, if you stay here with us.'"
and literally just killed it!! Well done ma girls!! :)
People don't like my honesty. Grow up you fucks.
That was a pretty good nap ! = ))
Out of school....boring and shitty day
The Texas Tech bookstore promotes drinking apparently by saying selling your books back can get you beer. hahahaha
Filming some Liposonix treatments right now. Will post the videos later!
Tomorrow night!!! Club 212 Bunny Bash with DJ Smoke n DJ QBall
Another puppeteer! =) We had do a puppetry demonstration / workshop at BCB this year.
Tonight the play the #knicks at Bradley Center! Who's gonna win?!
#SBVillage: Turf goin up, zipping in construction, stages unfolding, fireice lounges being installed, media hub in St. John's comin along!
I be tweaking man. But fuck it you only have 1 life to tweak.
Dare you to add 'Go Packers' to your book's metadata, via 's new Atlas publishing platform...
"This "The Dictator" movie looks like it'll be really funny"-- Braindead Retards
Dear god. We're not worthy!
Great weekend w/ parents & aunt in DC. (Also Austria, Czech Republic, Spain, Slovakia & Hungary for #EUOpenHouse!) Now 1 more day of thesis!
Without struggle there's no accomplishment... Handouts are for people who don't know what grinding is all about...
#INNW is the official hashtag of the Digital Media Conference () in Seattle, WA! It's a digital world! Join in!
Remind people that profit is the difference between revenue and expense. This makes you look smart. Scott Adams
I officially have no one left in my bracket
want to see something funny? Go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze. First one. Thx
Stoked for ...his single got added to reg rotation at two radio rations
When people say "no" - God can still say "YES"! :)
Apple Store: you have done good by me. I want to kiss you all RIGHT ON THE LIPS
Thanks so much!! We really appreciate it. You keep in touch as well :)
I flew everywhere with love inside of me..
Oohh... Is there a link to an example?
That awkward moment when you've been asked a question in a meeting and you didn't hear it because you were staring at a huge booger...
nawww i don't encourage drinking with my kids.
Wow! That's awful...thanks for sharing your horror story...We would never let that happen in our dental practice
Keep an eye on #Akwasi_Frimpong's #youtube channel. Next week a short film on him will be launched called "The Long Distance Sprinter".
You're most welcome. Your name was too good to pass by.
is a huge influence on our music..most real artist out right now hands down
almost time!
I hate hatred
haha, of course. I actually have all of Mika's albums.
need to raise the points?
thanks for the audio lesson do you have the notes for Financial Peace For The EntreLeader
Education is the road to human progress and the means through which every man, woman and child can realize his or her full potential...
#youknowuwinning When the world is my lobster.
C'mon Hoosiers, you know the answer! RT Question: From what illness did President Harrison pass away? Tweet using
I'm posting the show as soon as I find a good screen shot of the both of us. We made crazy faces.
wear nuetral colors+pink. Wait...
9,000 pages of UFO-related papers and parliamentary questions recorded by Britain's Ministry of Defence (MoD) from 1985 to 2007 released!
love my baby <3
i tell people about it, but am i really letting it out?
thanks for the RT
YOU CAN FUCK RIGHT THE FUCK OFF
He is we concert! YAAAAAAAAY!!!
please could i get a follow for my birthday?<3 it would mean the world to me<333
another good selection but TV personalities are hugely influential.
Yup. People are in more of a hurry and are more selfish and don't care who they put in danger in the meantime.
Can you say early DOMINATION!?!?
Well, these were the good times y'all
it's the Contraband
Ha! Maybe!
“ Nobody's perfect... that don't mean make da same mistakes over in over though”
IF starters can go deep. Bullpens getting eaten alive.
---> RT : yes! id take it even further and say mass incarceration is bad policy period!
I get it all the time!
I wish some people saw what they had before it's to late.
thats so nice :)))
you have a blessed day as well!
fully agree social studies, social skills, how the stu fits into a historical and social context
The biggest brains in PDX are arriving for Pub Quiz.
why is that when i txt someone they take efing forever to txt back is it because its th morning????????
swing past the office next time you're in the neighborhood. We'll give you the tour
45 minutes til showtime! Unblurred Pittsburgh, at the Glassworks on Penn Ave (east liberty). Free show and cool glass-making and glass-art
need sleep
Because is the reason I'm still a fan and will always bleed Dodger blue.
The guy on the left might actually change my feelings toward contrast collars. Classy. And the angled clip? Pro.
i reply,sorry its hard too see dm here ..ryt now..i have bad conection..
Just keep it close Clippers.
its the truth most people cant see past the outside
“: Omg f this rain! ” stop crying lil girl 😭
Notice now #Espn had the #Giants 9th in the power Rankings,They were way off because we #1 .
so sad, i guess
Rock and Roll: Music for the neck downwards. - Keith Richards
I do miss my mohawk.. Or at least the front part of it.
He did Not deserve to lose his life no matter what he was wearing ..A father just lost a Son. Mother just lost a Son
From Kyle Andree & Emma Norton #happyeaster everybody!
": down!" Aren't you going on your date with ?
I heard my downstairs neighbor's furnace running this morning. Really, dude? I slept w/a window open last night & it's gonna be 80 2day!
I really wish I had a life.
oh yeah and and other famous followed me !
WE HAVE PROBLEMS arghhhh omg yes
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 14
for lunch today. Honestly, way better than The Melt
yeah girl. And since 8
This could be the end of Jonathan Vilma's career as a starter. He'll be 31 the next time he steps on a football field.
64 followers to go, and then we'll be giving away #FREE design consultations!
But I understand now, it's always gonna be my fault at the end of the day.
At the mall with & galindo
Happy Mother's Day to you, Kathy!
In your buns tho! Typical Patriots & Memphis fan! SMH! RT : Just had a great work-out...i can feel it in my *buns* lol
Post your tickets on Antengo and easily reach thousands of local users in seconds! It's free, check it out!
I believe it, but I refuse to.
I HAVE TO VACUUM AT LIGHTING SPEED BEFORE MY MOM GETS HOME. CYA.
Looking forward to today's #HAchat regarding what you love about blogging and reading blogs. Feel free to chime in - starts at 3pm!
Wow! I would love to live there. I live in Vegas far from peaceful. Lol (:
And so it begins, the beginning of the end =( I'm seriously gonna ball my eyes out #OTH it's been a good 9 seasons!!
sounds good. is cabin in the woods next weekend?
well I say duh, because she didn't write that song.
Thought we was good but you unfollowed:( #BYE(:
thanks so much!!!
Make this money.
TOTES TRUE.
Session for #AAR = crash course on these translations, Twitter, op-eds, TV, everything - ?
Second half was wonderful to watch. Wish the first had been as exciting.
There are TWO rules for ultimate success in poker: 1. Never tell everything you know.....
Heyy Nate! Did you ever try the guava candy I brought for you guys(from another friend) in Pittsburgh last November?
Just started following someone who is trying to create a "virtual forest of Elms" by following every Elms on Twitter.
I have no idea what you are talking about... (cc: )
I know, but I don't own Blade and I'm all out of pot.
For more detailed accounts of #StirOSU, search the hashtag on Twitter! Keep on Stirring it up!
you're welcome. I'll check it out when it's ready.
How in the mother fuck should we have known that bullshit, all good doe
How well do you know your own mind? Do you explore it's creative potential daily? Do something Creative today just for the FUN of it!
I just use the Twitter app. Best one I have used
If this continues to be a back and forth game, advantage North Carolina.
Follow doing BIg Things
ugh. living alone is way better than roommates except in the middle of the night
She literally has sunshine coming out of he a$$! haha still makes me laugh
Im retired. I was tired yesterday and im tired again today.
You and Saussure.
trust me, i know. #kidding #loveyou hah
dude you're dumb as _______ same sex marriage is no debate #JustSayin it's retarded and I'm callin ur man out lol
So Tony Mecurio is finally going to be off the radio!!
At spooky empire at the celebrity poker tournament
#ff my brother he's a cool cat
I hate the heats also I'm a true Bulls fan
lol yeah I guess it is! But other account is better to me! I want a lot of followers! N this account I wanna follow! Haha
this screams #whosmoresheboygan. Or maybe it's time for a new segment: Who's More Caledonia?
Tennessee's "gateway to sexual activity" is a joke! What fools they are!
And the florida talks begins <<<<<
Summer 2012= the summer of ugly selfies.
My nap isn't going well with the pusy cats plus I need to make sure I hear the knock from tv repair man. I needs butler
It's called TRINGLED. A Darchuk/Lewallen Production. Just ready to lock picture. Then give us six weeks and we'll be out there.
no i am talking about all of baseball not just the yankees
We are all a single decision away from being in the best shape of our lives. MindFirstFitness.
Woke up to this question in my mentions. Reminds me of NASCAR on Feb. 19, 2001. RT : Do you think the NFL will be around in 10 years?
Burlesquing! Come see my show on December 11th if you're not sitting through 546 screenings.
DO NOT SEND ME SHIT LIKE TH S!!! i KNOW ITS A SCAM!!!
We're off to the National Press 53 Party! Continue on here with the fun. We'll return later.
and then I heard the lady say Justin told everyone to listen to this song and now it's at
The King!!! Great song choice :)
21st century babysitting: Justin Bieber movie, popcorn, bedtime. aw yea
Image uploading is fixed! Make DC Wiki pretty with images to your heart's content now =)
Things like that would happen to me.
Just woke up from a nap.... I think. Trying to figure out how I even got to bed to knock out do 3hours! WTF.
the second set of missing babies this week that I know.
“ if I start to snore please shake me.
#bestfriendforlife would go get that tat with me YA ASS
how's the pornstar thing coming?
Heading to Devil's Alley tonight because I want a burger. Anyone who wants to come out and have a drink with me for my Birthday text me.
yes we do need to meet this time. I was in your Signals session but had to leave right at 4:30. Nice job!
Looking to hire a Business Analyst with money movement experience. Long term contract. let me know if you or anyone in your network is in…
Sunset-y.
I know right(: <33 he can make ANYBODY smile(: <3
Oh wait.. shoot. I registered for class on 24th, & just realized ur actually probs talking about one on 23rd?
Why can nothing stay a secret!
you're going to the game, right?
Hey thanks for that RT! I agree, we should all eat more chocolate. I'm eating chocolate covered almonds right now!
"Oh, that's adorable." - Chip Kelly #GoDucks RT 11,802 at #uwhuskies' spring game today at CenturyLink Field.
Lmao call me retarted but I'm just tryna do the right thing 😁
I half expected that to be a picture of a thick, hairy dick...
Highlights Magazine. Sign me up.
Well then. You'll make a lot of impatient friends happy tonight, I guess. LOL
Learning never exhausts the mind ~ Leonardo da Vinci
"Chicago’s neighborhoods have always been the city’s greatest strength." Jane Byrne
i gotta pee too .
If this gets 10 rts, I will post a picture of me (: so get to retweeting. Hahah
Another weekend of doing nothing...
The awkward moment the elevator smells like abercrombie and cigarettes. :/
Your welcome :)
Are you getting a new P.O box?(:
Boys do not like showin their emotions...
I CANT SLEEP ill try to
who's still at school? o:
Whole bunch of people graduating. & with undergrads & with his Masters. Congrats to all!
Old man, if your gonna complain about "stupid brat kids" that go to school here get your fat ass off campus. Drive a bus somewhere else!
Now I remember why I love baseball: the color commentary from the fans in the stands.
T3.1: All women want to be mothers. #myth Pregnancy is no big deal.
Sweet victory at
my best to him on such a happy day.
ok #HAPPYHOLIDAYS have a nice and #MerryChristmasEVE to all and ill be back later
Thanks to everyone who came out to our Information Session last night! Together we WILL improve the lives of Baltimore's foster kids!
I miss playing #CrashBandicoot; I started playing it again right before I left.
thanks hun. How are u? Life is great : )
oh I see. Isn't the "ave Maria" catholic?
Why are they called 'Jolly Ranchers'? Who said that the ranchers were jolly?
Great, thanx :) And how are u?
Klout thinks I'm influential about "Pope," not THE Pope, just Pope. And no doubt this tweet will verify that… Pope Pope Pope!
10 Things I Hate About You Soundtrack represent!!
also, anniversaries call for celebration! I'm sure there'll be lots of opportunities at
Time for some to watch the WHL Hockey finals! Oh and the Lakers!
#LAKERSNATION we got this... time to steal a game!!!
What's making you guys unfollow me?
Depends on what state you're in. Texas: will, bureaucratic states in Yankeeland: living trusts.
Not the prettiest Cinco de Mayo, but at least the rain is done. Warm up with some hot salsa from or
DJs, have you been to an awesome concert this break? Or, have you listened to a really good album!? You should write a review for our blog!!
FYI mp3 is available for download on houstonflashmob.com
You're only happy when it stains-! Sorry-couldn't resist Katie:D (at least MKE or even a Madison show - Butch V hometown-!)
Happy Early Birthday!
A whale exploded in taiwan
I can't get over how awesome last night and this morning were.
After b2b #hockey games I am happy to be staying up way too late doing absolutely nothing. Sometimes nights in alone are needed.
Many thanks responding and tolerating me. Looking forward to your piece on
24 hours away.
well well well, welcome to the tweet game ! Follow this scholarly gentleman my friends!
Ah....just enjoying an "everything" cookie with some ice cold milk! YUM!!
:o Can I join you?! That's perfect! <3
quality save tonight
Real ppl are hard to find
Oh this is getting ugly
psssssssst... Hey, buddy... We can get you some scrapple...
I'm not good at it...but I love playing Words With Friends. I'm sure there's a metaphor there.
The Cloud of human representatives too heavy fell in the yet killing departure of the decimal.
thanks for following me.
in honor of watching deatproof, #THATISALL ;P
I feel like I'm the only black person looking at any of these sites. Full-disclosure: I'm not part of the hip-hop generation or whatever.
Thanks to Paula's cat. Love the name! RT My cat Luigi wishes that your life may be a ball with a bell in it.
...dazzled by the light, fried and melting from the heat...
Ok twitter im sorry you know I love you<3
Completely demotivated today.
Would you like us to fedex one to you on the road?
Rap single feat. Cypher in the works
New Montgomery and Mission today, 11:30-2pm. Running a new Kale pie with green garlic, spring onion, mozz, EVOO
Happy hour with Vonda Brown... No better way to end a Tuesday!
it's the right knee.
love it
Got to sit on the stage while NSN played! Awesome night, got to meet Hayden and Taylor! 😍
Heyy every body UNFOLLOW ME #ASAP NOW and follow new twitter
Hey! Today of all days is a FREE coworking day at NextSpace SJ! Join us today because... come on... Working Alone SUCKS!
ur welcome beauty is always suppose to b recognize
#IWish I could kill the Chinese language. 🔫🔫
People who text me and start conversations then take forever to reply ANNOY me!
My birthday is in 12 days. Goodness time flys!
Wow... it was a tornado on the sun...smh
It's already been 2 days. Since I smoked a cigarette. :D.
good night lover
didn't think it couldn't happen but in this shortened season, Spurs get 50 WINS again!
The world will not end if he doesn’t like you back. You will get over him Promise.
Took the top off the Jeep today. Fun times, but paying for it now with a sunburn.
Hi! I didn't know anything about that party
No, just ocasionally. You got lucky :P
Call me on FaceTime ! Or Skype ! Bored
my mom not letting me cum again, im really mad and so done. She like nato this n nato that. Can i meet u sumwhere to giv u
Ben:"have u ever played Hey Cow"? Courtney;"have U been listening to me talk to the other girls?
7-16-83 Dome W interference f Bundy/Sawyer, Reed pins JYD to win title. Classic feud begun. Reed great MS heel
im not following but I still se his tweets on my timeline?
Listening to some swing Jazz sounds good, love the stand up Bass.
haha back on the tweet game
NO STRINGS ATTACHED! RT Someone give me a cute love movie to watch?
Congrats to on his engagement yesterday. Happy for ya man.
My attitude is fuck it.
Get your Portland State Football Season tickets today as they play in the newly renovated Jeld-Wen Field (Formerly known as PGE Park).
Getting a little frustrated that my doctors and home care nurses aren't communicating.
Sometimes my I.Q. goes from 165 to about 14 when there's a hot girl around.
yikes! That's crazy
I'm not complaining that they're always away from home. I just find it ironic that last year they here all the time and now they're not.
PREACH IT! ( ._.)/ RT fuck love, I'm tired of trying.
About to see speak at Memorial Union. It's a good day. Forgot to wear my I <3 Uranus shirt.
FANNY PAK BETTER LEAVE
Do you believe in what you can't see?
our last day is the 20th i think . next tuesday .
And it's now 9-8... Which is why it should have STAYED split screen
right now!
you and your dog are so cute.!
hope ur having a great day!!! could i get a follow back from u??? i would like to know more about choose 180
happy dilemma: I gave a lady a free (no charge) initial consultation yesterday - she sent me money anyway via paypal - oh no - what to do?
RT“: RT Ron Paul leads Rick Perry, 9 votes to 4. I'm having flashbacks to Alabama-LSU”-hahaha nice!
Hey make sure your band or your friends band loads a video to the site, I've check and you haven't yet! For shame! lol
Fuck I don't want to study.
awe thank you so much, love!!! means alot, glad you liked it ((:
Coffee to keep up w/ the little one! Geez!
Devonte need to hurry up & call me back
thnxs for the follow
I got nothing but love for you
Wait I lied it's 3 more.
I may or may now be playing Pokemon Gold right now thanks to you finding that on
Good Morning..:)
Glazed tiles are made the same way that unglazed are, except that a glass wear layer, or glaze, is applied.
baby you light my world like nobody else ♪
If only we worked like God, and when apologized to, we forgot about it.
OUS dont want a prez, they want a puppet RT Who would want to be the next pres after seeing how they treated #Lariviere?
"The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it's possible"
Papandreou & Berlusconi dumped. But what of Merkel & Sarkozy who came up with a completely idiotic "comprehensive solution" just 2 weeks ago
They make some great machines.
New Raustiala/Sprigman post on Freakonomics about the copyright lawsuit against the Beastie Boys, for stuff they sampled a...
my bad G, things have been over the top since I last spoke to you. Projects falling off and new projects coming in. What's good?
yesir my boy!!
I'd personally rather see #ElizabethWarren Nude than
Yes. It's vile to accuse someone of being a racist. Physical wounds heal faster than damage to ones reputation.
Happy hour. At the Radio Room. Cool patio. 11th and Alberta NE. Could this be a new haunt?
so ur gorgeous
Somebody should a doll and buy me Tank new cd
Saturday 81 degrees Sunday 83 degrees. Can't wait for Vegas!!
Thank you! It was awesome!!
Kinderfgarten? German... LOL! Good for you!
I truly appreciate your support regardless if you were there or not. Thank you so much.
It's #cnnheroes not @#cnnheros. Remember the "e" guys!!!
I may be the only guy in the world that likes talking about my feelings
Hey Carly, follow me maybe?
.. do u have a kik? Its a texting app
I'm Not About To Keep On Playing With You.
I thought Austins 'big announcment' was gonna be something better but I'm still happy for the mahomies who'll get to see him again
hah I can tell! He was good in Inglorious Basterds too don't forget!! I think I'm going to dl his recent on "shame"
how about some more comfortable chairs? uff da.
josh just told me that the hannah girl deleted her twitter i guess
Ha. "Pardon, there was a cat" is going to be my new explanation for everything. And yes! That was 1 of mine too. Thanks!
thanks, I may have to take you up on that. Will have a lot to figure out within the first few weeks!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!💘
I think I have a huge crush on c:
yeah. Have you? started his climbing rampage today. He's a very good climber.
thanks for the following reccomendations! they help <3
wow...Metta World Peace is still being mean on the court...like always...he's still being a ...
#jdy2012 live tweeting dinner w
On a plane getting ready for take-off, catching up on Twitter & feeling very motivated - even w losing 1 hr-this is gonna be a good wk!
And all the while my dept chair is calling and texting me.
Just made "cream cheese, honey & soy crostini" and "pasta with peas & ricotta!" Thanks for the recipes :)
”It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.” -Albert Einstein
Thank you, Terry. It was a pleasure talking to you this morning. Thank you for a great event.
Thanks for the scholarships to your top 200 camp names coming soon you no who you are thanks 5star rl9.
Chinese lady handed me red envelope at the y # sweet
Playing Art Calendar PLINKO at the SCAD Art Materials Tradeshow. Very fun!
« They should send Tim Tebow into Iran to get our drone back. With just a knife.»
Time to invest in diapers and antibiotics.
So mad right now! I'm so done!
What is Santa Monica the patron saint of anyway?
let us know how we can help! Thnks
I agree. If #Bills are 2-6, VY = the guy. I, however, hope they aren't 2-6. That's what I meant by last series of tweets.
Why waste time hating people for having the things you want? Appreciate the things you have and SHUT THE FUCK UP.
I always doubt the wisdom of a major corp trying to get me to go to *someone else's* website
Thats not even just a Central sayin
nah I'm in school right now
As the corporate world turns... Early AM suit clad photos dress the day!
I'm very sorry for your loss
Tonight at The Anchor Bar come see some great live music starting at 9:30pm and don't forget about $6 Liters and great college football.
Loved your use of the word "triathletic"!
what pedals do you use on listen to your love? They sound perfect!
RT : #DIDYOUKNOW People who own #pets live longer, have less #stress, and have fewer heart attacks
Whats up fort worth happy new years stay safe its alot of haters..
Things are starting to look up!
That Meek Mill drop yet?
watsup shoot me a text....four one two..four five two....two seven zero four..
It's sunday night and I'm at work but I want to be home with my wife.
Hey Vermes, maybe you need to stop blaming the ref and start taking responsibility for failing to adapt. Everyone has the teams number.
As someone who does post openings, I would say both.
JD Souther, not quite the new kid on the block, sings his New Kid in Town at
I could be there by 9 tonight. Or sometime this weekend?!
Hey UNM students! Comedy? has a booth by the duck pond until 2pm this afternoon. You can enter to win tickets to our show tomorrow night
Uni Virgin? Try the Santa Barbara Sea Urchin; it's slightly sweet, oh so smooth, and is served as sushi or on our Angus Tenderloin...
Wow... Only 500 words for ALL elections. ;o) I look forward to reading/hearing her thoughts though...
I love ssbbws because they are more aggressive in fucking
im getting old , welps ready to head to KC .
You're one in a million once in a lifetime. You made me discover why there's stars above us.
We could play house
Just a few more days to take advantage of our Holiday Membership specials! Great savings.
I just can't help it if bugs me. Listen, double-spacing after end-of-sentence punctuation is over! Ya hear? Over!
I was wiped out after our Napa adventures but I'm sad to have missed it! When you're my age, you'll understand. Haha. :)
Went to the Smithsonian to see a exhibit on Slavery/President Jefferson's Monticello titled paradox of liberty. The mood was somber & quiet
New discovery..My sandless sandbags work great as a metered watering system for organic gardening. The bags seep moisture continuously
Hoping he'll stay away from "No Holds Bard"
Had a Great Night! Hopefully this stomach flu goes away! Oh and no longer #Single ;)
Isn't Wisconsin weather fun? Celebrate it by watching #OutdoorWisconsin tonight at 8 on MPTV 10.
Easter Paloma tasting: What I thought was the cab was actually the 09 Merlot.
Vin Scully will miss today's Dodgers game because of a cold. It's the second home opener he's missed during his 63 seasons with the Dodgers.
know lambda and tuning forks and then like frequency for sound and light and know how to find color by solving for lambda thing
wine #bought local radio station #loud night #young fiesta #ahora!
We've released a NEW build of ripple.com today at 12:21pm PST! Go enjoy new features, bug fixes, etc. Private sharing, one day at a time!
Too steep for me with no time for NFL this year. But the radio ads told me you could get it over the internets.
You can't easily commute in the middle of a 40hr train ride. Lots of off-duty employees receiving room and board.
I don't watch much bb anymore but try to catch this game. Reminds me of ACC intensity during 70's and 80's...
it was amazing! u need to watch it!! I highly recommend it! so funny!
Why are privacy policies in the school setting rare?
Hate when my girlfriend falls asleep
Just picked up "Guilt By Association" by Marcia Clark. J. Ellroy cover blurb: "You must read this book." Can't say no to that
My Prayers go out to the Families of the victims of this Horrible Tragedy of the 8.9 Quake and Huge Tsunami hitting Japan just an hr ago.
well WVU never gets 4 or 5 star recruits, so if I was a WVU fan I probably wouldn't retweet anything either.
Choose a whole wheat tortilla for your burrito to get more nutritional value out of your meal.
happy birthday :)
Tickets for #MWUX12 go on sale at HIGH NOON today (ET). Be one of the first 50 to get early-bird pricing. -...
Today’s African Proverb (5.7.12) The clan of “I will do it” was overtaken without having done it. (Kenya) Like Unlike
Thank you for getting me hooked on sushi. I now crave it nearly every single day.
I'm puttin the rubber boots on the bs is getting thick on this mf
Planning out my first collection. You're gonna LOVE it.
#kids A Salute to Leroy Anderson & More: A Salute to Leroy Anderson & More Sunday, May 20, 2012 at 4:00 PM First United Methodist Church...
le waits for Alex to tweet an emotional tweet. ~
um, whatever you say...
Chapter 2012 Page 62 of 366 Thankful for divine intervention. Some business issues require a higher power
When. People. Type. Like. This. The. Voice. Inside. My. Head. Takes. Pauses.
Oh so it's that kinda party ?
75% of what I read on NYTimes is 538, which I tend to access through rss. I wonder if they have a twitter feed instead.
Good judgement comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgement.
Awww...that's sweet. Thank you Michael!
If you only knew
Won't see anybody for a long time...months...I'm in a boarding school...goodbye
then I must feel invisible
show some love show sum luvvv
If u follow us, ur an O's fan. It should be YOUR personal mission to help us #packtheyard. Recruit. Spread the word. Make a difference.
Wow he went from HC (supposed O mastermind). To coaching DBs in a year... The mighty fall fast and hard
My four yr old niece is vacuuming all by herself. Ten mins ago, she was helping me foil my moms hair.
how much they runnin this year? and i cant wait to buy mine, just lets you know the season is near
o-mi-gawddd time to WERK out! F human metabolisms!
Why thank you!
Go figure ... more PR's tonight!
is finally single. Now I can find her a nice boy and hook them up and my matchmaking will be back in business :D
Really who the hell cares what the media says you should know by now they full of shit
Your FB account must be private. Because your albums tell the story...
Tha ONLY thing I'm rooting for is hits to both QB's. May they both get pummeled and end in a tie.
Old man told me to check ripeness of watermelon by standing on it. If it breaks, it's ripe. WHAT THE HELL?
none of them. “: What's the best ad so far? #SB46”
Basically I hate long days like this
Still think the #celtics win this game by 10 for some reason. Don't ask me why
Send it to me, bro.
What the fuck
RT : Street Fair on Broadway!!
#thatakwardmoment when you scrolling down on your iPhone on Facebook and you randomly like someone status\photo and you barely know them.
Still want to find some more arm circuits though
I will, he is about a block away from our HQ! will be in tomorrow with it to talk to him.
In early pages of THE TWO DEATHS OF DANIEL HAYES by - so far, so good. I've enjoyed all his books.
Today's Question: Which fruit has a variety known as Winter Banana?
Accessible instructional materials for students with disabilities enrolled in UW System or Technical College System bill passes Assembly
when are you guys touring again?!
wait.. you're in Boston? For how long?
When what you are doing isn't working, you tend to do more of the same and with greater intensity
Girl on entire ferry ride had conversation with nobody & no cell phone! When I do it, I at least tell myself to shut up after 5 mins
I hate stressing myself for the unknown.
#HAPPYEASTER to all!
im sorry about that ; it wont happen again; hows ur day goin by the way
“: If you're from Memphis, let's get this started early. LET'S GO GRIZZLIES!!!!!! RT!” Let's get it!!! It's do or die!!!
