what's up!
#thetalk why is this necessary
Conference organizers tweeting upcoming sessions / previews?
LOVE IT, Chantel! Tell Levi I hardly recognized him. He's a young man now. :)
love this! :)
Not five steps from it.
For Valentine's Day this year, LOVE YOUR BODY! Come treat your self to clothes that make you feel fashionable, sexy and fabulous!
Chamber Chair Brent Cooper names NKYEC as leading education and alignment in Greater Cincinnati Region
No animal should ever jump up on the diningroom furniture unless absolutely certain that he can hold his own in the conversation. -Leibowitz
TONIGHTS AGENDA FOR WILD WEDNEADAYS .50 DRINKS AND $50 BOTTLES TILL 11 !!! IN THE MIX !!
#Diabetes: Glycemic Index indicates conversion of carbohydrates into sugar. Food with lower glycemic index raises the blood glucose slowly.
Could I get into the U of W (Univ. of Washington)?
Milk Faced
Do you have the scent in acting,singing or dancing?Come follow me I'll give you all the auditions website!
what up cuzo how are you!
Thank you Jim. Right back at you.
Dear monday,no one likes you.
People comparing Losing with Losing.
IN THE SAME ROOM~
they have :( I miss my boys
S/o to all 600 of my #FaithfulFollowers :)))
i never forget my fancy dancy!! Use my new twitter lol
Open today, tomorrow & Sunday 10 am - 4 pm for tours & kids activities. Beautiful plants for sale in our Garden Shop!
Why does claiming my venue on Foursquare never ever work?
thank you so much!!!!
i wanna make my own hashtag. can you do that im gonna try:
Thx, NYC for teaching me how to navigate thesubway. Got on Paris Metro, going in the rt direction, transferred trains, made it to my desto.
Some little preshbomb on elevator asked me if I was relieved to be done classes and exams. Literal high point of my day (month?).
bummer :( but good luck studying!!!! You'll do great, don't worry!
hahahahahahhaa ;*** THATS WHY I LOVE YOU!!"
Hope floats! So in order to reach it, you have to rise above negativity.
Hey! I missed Worlds on Canadian TV coverage of the pairs short and wondered how Montalbano and Krasnopolski did!
It's remarkably sunny this morning and to match it, I think my disposition is sunny today. We'll see.
That sounds heavenly! Good luck!
The success of your program is predicated on your ability to get your players to buy in and find a value in what you have to offer.
#RejectedPromThemes Here for the Beer
no more "skinny models" with eating disorders or under 16! Healthy is the new black..LOVE
Just checked out the famous corkscrew at Laguna Seca. I can easily see how your stomach could end up in your throat!
#itsabeautifulworldbecause God loves us all.
On a Roll, Maryland Prepares for the NCAA Tournament - New York Times (blog)
It amazes me how much the NBA players and owners think we care about them they r looking worse and worse as each day passes
There's a white cat on my lap, hello Pismo.
TV Tonight: Beavis and Butt-Head Return
loving the produce pic you produced.
Come and see the view from the top of our place!
Only had #sugarrush for a couple days and I already have it memorized
My dad and I have fake gun fights like every day. Omg.
Another day as the voice of PNC Park.
Beautiful, thank you for the mention ... Blessings!
thanks I appreciate the opportunity. It was a lot of fun!
why is like my favorite group number. Lol. And cool(: I can't wait till he comes back onn
You can do anything, but not everything
I have more street cred, because I remember Portland before it was uber gentrified when Killingsworth was really KILLINGsworth
good for you! jealous, I'm probably at 2.5-3 pages. Writing on my iPad so its hard to tell. I think I'll bake brownies at 4!
Yes. Court found GSU was subject to suit under *Ex Parte Young* - for injunction, but no damages.
Dawn - thanks for following me! Come by our booth at LMA - we share legal mktg, food and music loves!
Sorry for the 2wks no tweet dad in icu and taking care of things in mo.
Are the Direct Message options still on here?
Is there something going on in #Spain related to the US Civil War? Lots of hits on our #CW150 blog originating from there today.
I saw that, but there are no references in that story. The hurricane started the downturn, but state couldn't recover due to economy.
finally finished the dishes. my gosh that took forever
you can post undie pics though, I do it all the time!
Video sweeps the country from Rochester NY , What I Love About America ! www.rickeyleewatson.com
Sorry if you wanted to see us play Brooklyn last night. We were too busy pissing ourselves and getting in car accidents.
a big Mahalo for the follow!
keys are locked in the laundry room still :/ no beuno.
Sensitive ass people. <<<<
Bistro 42 is packed Friday beer food and basketball talk come see us
I love this too thanks!
:) had an auction tonite. very late for me.
It might be stormy now, but it can't rain forever
BOO FROG voodoo hex PDX skulls sounds Tonic Lounge SATURDAY + ALL TIME HIGH (Seattle) + DISCIPLES OF ROCK & ROLL ~~~ !
When faced with a choice, consciously follow the path that will make you stronger, wiser, healthier and happier.
How exciting! Have fun!
that bitch outta dere
Yes it is, but it seems that the music is possibly inspired by the island. Listen and see!
POKA, supported by both Reps and Dems, would be the linchpin of a comprehensive national strategy to address #ChildAbuse fatalities.
Call The Front Page. We will be excited to host your events.
15 minutes till #TeamAlton starts winning on
Coffee maker officially bit the dust this morning... to Keurig or not to Keurig? Please weigh in: Yes? No? Favorite model?
How does the Lady Gaga contest work? I entered but how do you find me on Facebook?
Gene simians tonight!!!!!
#prayforseankingston praying for a full recovery! <3
Snow? Really?
RT Gonna check out at tonight... shall be a great time!<< WOOt W00T ! ! ! !
hey thanks for following me I am sorry I couldn't go to the concert in Maryland TJ realy wanted me 2 go I feel bad
lol thank you
Omg i love this kind of weather
Got a real nice farmers tan today
Teenagers don't think they are reading (because reading is no longer classified the way it used to be)
So excited about our March 29 #EdTech Link event bringing together students, teachers, & technologists to reinvent #Baltimore. cc
I want to watch a Bradley Cooper movie! Like now! :P
How 'Lean UX' Can Improve Application Development, from Greg Laugero () in
I hate man whores its such a big turn off lile real stuff!!
no I'm sorry
Leaving DC at 5, should I just spend the night?
Such a beautiful day thank god I'm done with classes already!
1st-rounder Quinton Coples came off practice field and shook hands with new #Jets team prez Neil Glat. Good move, kid.
Timhovde.com has huge art sale at the lowest prices ever! Affordable, original artwork!
Good morning art world! Make today count!
Rest in peace .... Steve jobs....
Concussion no soccer for two weeks and no school for the next few days.
New track tonight from and
but if we dont we're very sorry and we still love you (: and you are still a True Bieber Fan!
"Do I look high?
Still can't believe Manchester City are Premier League champs. It's a sad day in English football.
Turning into a better day today. This past week has been a trial. Looking forward to fencing & fight team tonight.
omfg! THAT'S THE BEER I HAD IN NYC THAT WAS SO GOOD AND COULDN'T REMEMBER THE NAME!!
I think you just did.
Unfollowing the next person who says Adam Yauch or Maurice Sendak.
Thank you! Happy holidays to you and yours, Cara!
Ha, #AllsFairInLovePoliticsAndWeddingPlanning. I'm sure will try some tactics as well.
The reward God has for you is always greater than the sacrifice He requires of you - Bryan Cutshall
I should be out in the kitchen making my lunch for tomorrow but our roommate(s) is there.
Two days off of work, these past two days . . . has felt like a weeks worth of not working. #ProblemSolving gets old. Back to it tomorrow.
Disadvantaged students in the first grade have a #vocabulary that is approximately half that of an advantaged student.
homemade chicken noodle soup and bread for dinner
not totally sure but... cameo king maybe? Or one of the hood politics joints
Don't stab me in the heart... No love ho.
M, breakfast of champions!
doesnt appear to be a ton of demand for one, not that its a bad idea. Just a matter of volunteer bandwidth i suspect
Gonna be a great show at The Amsterdam on Feb 4
is off to California!
#askwill did you know you're trending worldwide?
Isn't it a little late to be awake and screaming at each other? Ugh.
RT Lol, it wasn't that much crazy ! ««aw just makin sure! Lol
It was an honor to be a part in your amazing wedding!!
Jon Ippolito on using OS X's "Classic Environment" (OS 9 emulator): "What the heck is this? Who care's, it'll run HyperCard"
Was already excited to hear about The Selection as a TV show, just to recieve an ARE of the upcoming book. Devoured in 2 days!
thanks so much for following!! :) xo
hahahha h loves it
you are a very talented individual young grasshopper. I hope to see you in the future.. Or in your dreams! ;)
Man, it's great in many ways (scary in others)! I love being on the bleeding edge of my industry. How are you?
5 guys is once again back on! (probably)
We're close by. I'm two down from the Metro Community Church on Highland. I probably pass your place when I walk the dogs.
Dear people who don't let me copy, fuck you.
Truer words were never spoken. And SO undeserving. o:)
Don't make promises you know you can't keep.
I just saw it, lol I'm all late.
Thank you ladies for participating with Ta-Ta-Tuesday. You are the best listeners out there. Keep up the good work.
Correct! Email us at to schedule your FREE BEER PARTY! RT : 251770000lbs
You know how I feel about it... RT : Sometimes the hardest call in songwriting is deciding to not write a bridge. Hm...
No other motives, no other reasoning. It was just so other ppl could read the other side, u r reading to much into it man
yes thank you. Even tho I can barely walk straight
my twitter doin some freaky shit right now. idk what 2 say
More #gedunkenmusik: "DJIA" Each stock is assigned a unique timbre (continuous-sounding). Trading volume => Intensity; Share Price => Pitch
got bruises all over my legs and back #wtf :(
OMG! There's a second hawk!
didn't last long enough to go on the memorial cruise, I hope?
#AskPSanders do you like soccer?
We serve lunch and dinner and our kitchen only closes 1am. Come and join us for late munches! Salute to Life!
Listening to Phonte - Who Loves You More (Morning Motivation!) Home is Where Charity Starts!
This day is freaking hot!
this guy.
hey, where are you!? Need to give you a big hug!!
this'll be good with Steve Martin
I meant to put a y but u no how these iPhones be with the touch pad
followed you! :D
So I wont go bashing the porn industry ever even now that I am retired..
an all new #TheLyingGame on tonight at 9! cant wait! ;)
who is m.s
: ur in for it now bol
Damn it! Come pick me up! I'm BORED here.... ;)
iOS mirror on Mac OSX? AirServer = better picture quality, Reflection = more stable, built-in recording.
we should meet in real life, I'm surprised we haven't!
If i have to see one more interview...
#ifabitchtellsme she wants to kick it, I immediately interpret that as shes trying to get dicked down, mission is a GO!
yeah, definitely possible
you can read mine too :-) i was with
u stole my heart and u r my inspiration I just wanted to let u no that and do u no what would be GRAND?If u would follow ...
Home under renovation burns in Pontiac
hot picture!! luv it!
A5: Teamwork or management experience are always related, and being able to showcase creativity in any previous experience is a plus!
Sarah Vaughn is making this rainy day better.
I need to reschedule my other Keri fix this week! Touching base soon.
Just saw this on a truck: "lettuce romaine in your heart"
Sudan declares emergency on border with south
I really cannot force myself to be productive at work.
'To change your reality you have to change your inner thoughts.' David Bohm Physicist
"families that watch Harry potter together stay together" - Jeff Pearson
Thanks for the follow good article on the Real Estate Agent I had no Idea Self Employment Tax was so high.
You can keep that.  lol
Lol!! I love getting clothes from people! <3 Thanks Melanie.(:
"we're gonna get hammered..." Okay, Mrs. D.
consider this an invitation to my gangsta nation
Haha, celebs are going nuts. Halle went crazy on a photographer. QT : What?! Will Smith slapped a Ukrainian reporter
#OnTheBrinkOf20 Want To Make A Mistake a Victory? Learn From It and Move On. A Mistake Is Worth Nothing If You Don't Learn. So Learn:)
Stunning and sexy!!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 109
whoohooo its the weekend and we are going to the rib house in boulder for dinner!
RT : It's more than a game, it's a passion.
Thank you to event sponsors and
If you were invited to a league it should r going out soon!
making 1st 2012 decision. skipping first sunrise in order to make early morning first 2012 phone calls. nighty night.
Black Roses (not a good film but fun), Hard Rock Zombies (although it's not really metal), and ROTLD of course is righteous.
on my life!!! but i cant wait to see what they gonna do against San Antonio..thats gonna be GOOD!!
Come on meta
It is very real, and really very tasty! ;)
watching old cartoons...i miss being a kid.
Get him phil
We don't know if you've heard about this yet, but they're making a WATCHMEN toaster. You read that right.
And the train is moving...can't wait for tonight's show
Thanks, guys. Would love to work with y'all, too. Sorry I missed #wjchat tonite. Sounds like some collabs are in order.
I thought I it figured out..
thanks for liking<3
Good times :) RT : thanks for "holding court" last night
considering it, but the lighting is a but of a bummer
Coffee. Newspaper. Bed.
Bout to show em wat I can do
lol Don't call me moody
At the social media chairs event learning from the other societies...
The fall term is officially here. Welcome back, everyone. Also : A fine hello to new students. Woo-hoo!
I would be done with it by then, flying through it, kid were late today because of the book
love these dudes. check em out and follow! Only 4 more followers to get to 2000!!!
Aww! Miss doing Stinger with ya! I agree with , definitely impressed (you have a column!) Keep writing!
“: A #Leo can be very nice but when upset RUN FOR COVER.” - this is very true!!! Lol
is throwing a lot better, but we need to catch the damn ball!!
hey there, you ok with us using the footage from the other night?really good stuff. Thx..
We're not serving lunch/dinner today but we'll b back tomorrow for lunch @ Central Library downtown, dinner @ #FFFTF. Sat.
It is well, believe it!
I would imagine the person who died is the one who starved to death after filling its gas tanks for a couple trips.
That's awesome!
do I seem like I smoke? This whole conversation aside.
Duncan Hunter criticizes Obama on immigration, and proposes tough new law to quickly deport millions of illegal immigrants
Closing statements.
Can't navigate a news web page without activating ads, videos, etc. No, don't want to buy a Ford Fiesta....
Golly... RT : Can't go wrong with Lavender DRY, especially paired with chocolate (& social media). Thank you for being so fantastic!
How's your Friday going so far!?
I have no problem with that.
I know how you feel RT :
- So at this point I think we just pray for rain to end this miserable spectacle, right?
RT : My Outlook .pst files auto backed up by moving it to shared folder. Emails safe from format/hardware failure!
watching lauren playing basketball is the highlight of my day!
wow. I'm impressed that you continued to answer all the comments.
having ridiculous crash issues since the update
does it involve the buttor sock?
thats not cool....
I gave +K about Social Media on
so glad you came to the show! i loved your necklace. super super cool! :) -wes
I'm Single. Simple.
5 mins before an interview, I'm googling the correct pronunciation of Puscifer.
Walk. Off. Walk.
eating on the grass
Governor Mead requests flags to be flown at half staff on Sunday, September 11, 2011 in memory of the 9-11 attack.
The Speed Walkmen
Eatin your snacks knowin I'm hungry
Watching the fairly oddparents :)
How do you pronounce Gotye? What kind of music is it? Are they opening for Nickelback? ;)
This morbidly obese guy on the street has a "fallen on hard times" sign. Poor hard times, amiright?
No problem- neat opportunity. Good luck!
what did you think of Sherlock last night?
Looking at Justin Bieber shirts ! looking for which one i should buy (; who else is gonna buy one ? :D -pilar
ah a.k.a nutt tag. how about Lava tag late at night? You goin to be at chevvys all night
said needs help. On the way! Yum. Sake.
Last class 2day @ M'Ville. Got more from the experience than my students. Ups & Props , , , et al.
I had a epiphany. took me all day to realize it. but now I got it.
I found out #oomf do it to everybody. Guess they bitch ass gets the *kanye shrug* b/c iont give a FUCK about them. & mean that from my heart
bring an extra head set. I'm doing color for you!
god damn it julia
miss you girlyy!
for me its between MWC or RNG
I'm gonna need next Friday to get here like, NOW.
I'm trying to get some clients to spring for one but no luck so far. I feel ya
Fjord perfume makers, please ping me as I want to add to my elite team in Silicon Valley.
you officially have the best job ever!
Eww.. stick to the progressive knowledge & baseball pls ;) (#stillFF) RT : I love the power pop music.
FUTURE FAVORITE COUSIN!? Huh
i was stalked by three guys last night ! omg
sent u a dm. hit me when you're free.
Seriously, this weather is amazing today.
Happy Saturday, Tweeps!
Endless Buffalo Wings and Cheeseburger Sliders 5:00 to close!!
psyched that you can make it ms. m! no beer spilling allowed - craft beer nectar is too valuable. good news is shoes stay neat.
sure beats the Oliday Inn
I guess you have your answer. Before my current gig, I hadn't used LN since 2002.
Fruiting Bodies on at 9:30 at the Comet. One new song. One less guitarist (temporarily).
Let's go Pens! (and the over)
and the jellied cranberry!! Enjoy the holiday!!!
My big brother taught me how to spit game but couldn't teach me love
I'd settle for a new governor. And not one named rebecca.
Many changes need to be made to the existing immigration legislation to address the associated complications affecting the United States.
Now that Bin Laden is dead who's picture do we put on urinal pucks now?
lol, so did I.
Going to bed lovies<3 You are al beautiful(:
This reminds me of the concept of self literacy I've seen floating around. Other good tools: spokeo.com, pipl.com
QUIT SPRAYING STUFF!!!
So i'm sick -_-
yeah, nice crane!
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world - Anne Frank
Happy #FF (great Washington Times Communities science columnist), , , , ,
how long will it take you to warm up?
I wanna go home
Stop bitching on facebook.
Love is a many splendored thing. It's also high in cholesterol.
Happy happy!!
so that means u r leaving the NFL network?
Electricity back,finally (:
listening to best coast i hope this makes me feel better i wish i had a better dad -_-
Living the life. And I can't help but thank God for the beautiful creation he has placed in front of me.
We chatted :) Thanks Alex! And I hope we will see you again soon Sorry again you didn't enjoy it
The purpose of life is to fight maturity.
BTW you've upgraded to the next step of Twitterican evolution.
NICK! Your sexy time video is HILARIOUS!! :-D It takes a very confident person to pull that off. Great!
Beware of traffic Saturday morning!
RT #NP ' Boyfriend ' *pulls gun out and pulls trigger!
#wordoftheday It was disgusting last night before our date, my fiance spent an hour farding in the bathroom. - Thanks Luke!
►Just got off the phone w/my amazing girlfriend! It is so wonderful to have someone in my Life who sticks by me & truly loves me! #LGBT ♥
Chicago friends! Come support us at tomorrow from 6-9 PM. FREE BOOZE!
sorry don't care for FB, I'll keep following and tweeting.hope you had a good day a bless day.#Obama 2012
SLIME ON KIDS CHOICE AWARDS !! WITH WILL SMITH
If any of my followers work at CBS, can you tell the higher-ups to start the title game earlier next year.
"Have you passed through this night?" -
Agreed! Thanks for the tips :) Always good insight from you during these #wedding chats :)
uh oh your game is scheduled at the same time as another; try again (code 0nm8y)
bam! Will fwd this to our fb friends. Congrats on getting on the show :-)
Now that is truly amazing!!
My cousin is pregnant ^_^ I think she's like 2 to 3 months and she's hoping for a girl!!! Congrats L & A ♥
read the tweet before I @ you
no problem love to see you doing good
This muscle relaxant works amazing. No back pain!
Taking my bath getting ready for work.
President Obama is the Tony Robbins or speech givers but a Barney Fife in executing his vision,
I think my 2012 look will be "lord of the dance."
got it. I would be completely okay with going as a fan too. I'll look at flights tonight to see if it's possible :)
yes, amazing how $ skews people's common sense...that & fear of death.
Sharing my love and knowledge of swords with blade wielders on the bus!
Daisuke looks sharp in latest rehab outing
At first I read "butter" not "butler". Yeah, that was confusing.
when u coming back?!?!
been there. Done that.
By community, you are talking about audiences?
Thanks -- I appreciate it!
Portland Business Alliance's Kelly Hossanini thanks City for including most of business community's feedback into plan.
I love seeing Beliebers reactions to everything Justin does...i love this family :)
you were amazing last night at the art museum!! Congrats!!
Done with a few of the garments for the new season. Working on pocket detail design, if I show you guys will you tell me which is ur fav?
Im moving to cali or spain when im able.
try using Cloud Browse to unlock Flash on your iPad :)
I like that track...
How do you replenish nutrients after an intense workout? Share your Friday fitness tip!
Haha. I love Gene! "Nice vest... You look like Aladin"
YE. Ever since put me in touch with her friend, it's been very porrotastic
Watching Extreme Drug Smuggling!
And the Lakers -5.5 spread is still in play. Lakers win, Nuggets cover and Stern is ruler of the world!!!
Gurry and Kappos: must maintain strength of diversity in harmonization, not lose expertise to the center.
Was reading article about Toyota recall & saw content targeted ad "Toyota.com/Recall - Toyota takes care of its customers..." Smart buy!
Yes, the other two are therapy dogs, she's is on her way! and we are getting trained on giving her commands since she's deaf
#10ThingsIWantToBuy not much... i'm pretty happy w/what i have
omg kimchi quesadilla why are you so tasty
- o cool. and ok im about to add you.!
No, it was a single.
"Another dream about you. I woke up ready to play. I want you here now. " --- text from my guy in NY. --- as if I need more Motivation! :-)
Chupacabra strikes again at Farragut Square! All your favorites today, so come join us for lunch starting around 11:15!
Scott Kain: Congrats on your newest team members, looking forward to working with them. Talk with you guys on the call Tuesday night
Yay!!! Me too! We should have a Sugar #Tweetup :)
Water Check Update: I'm only 2 cups down so far today. Not going to lunch until I polish off another 2 cups. Where you at?
I've been #MIA what's good..
friday woo
Thanks for making my decision to leave easy.
Toronto, Canada
first time on the expo line. hold on, DTLA, I'm gonna be in you.
If charity cost nothing, the world would be full of philanthropists.
oh you're playing the cool kid right? you can't handle 's success. now,you can finish this drama. LMFAO,cool boy.kbye.
I want to change my bio, but I've had this bio for a long time? Idk SOMEONE HELP ME?
The prettiest girl in the Members Only club undoubtedly has the largest member.
Happy Thanksgiving!!
really!? That sucks, I thought it was in that season.
is my best friend :)
falling in love w/ delicious. so easy to import & rename tags. telling everyone; folks over 40 dont know abt it. 2 many periods in old name?
One little person, giving all of her time to peace, makes news. Many people, giving some of their time, can make history. Peace Pilgrim
Ill follow back
“: I can't decide which are fastest- tractors or student drivers.” Maybe student tractor drivers?
RT : this guy is NOT a Democrat any more than Reagan Democrats are Democrats
#RememberHow going on field trips in elementary was the BEST thing EVER
You will love it! Let us know how it goes. Have fun and enjoy!
sorry - meant that listing as a RT.
spread the world around school and I thank you for listening
Our care team can look into your issue. Pls follow & message them with details.
haha see me in the streets then homie hah
30 retweets and I'll let know I'm suiting up when they play the Pacers tonight in Indy!
I had to explain The Guardian and Al-Jazeera and their politics to my dad...it is so clear why he voted for Bush! Told me I was un-American.
Head to on Sat from 4-5 p.m for a book signing by journalist and presidentail debate moderator Jim Lehrer.
we miss you too!
the hood and mask Hopkins wore was very "Grand Wizard."
": You kissed my lips and you saved me." this lol your welcome
hence the mummy reference lol. It's dry, but going right to my bones.
thanks for the follow I hope to check out your stuff soon.
he is an excellent snuggler of late. Next time!
Golden girls were the original sex in the city
What is Chiavanesca?
I have been un-productive all day. I have been so lazy!! And I am at work.
that is so exciting!! have a great time, he seems like he'd be a cool guy.
you're welcome!
that's perfect
7am boot camp isn't so hard. Being happy and upbeat at 7am is the hard part
Fill me in. What are the current plans?
we'll be fine. trust me when i say it wont ruin us<3
Q: "How did you guys take that picture?"
All I did was drive out with my Mom and niece to a wedding shower in San Bernardino. Feeling beat up, pretty sure it's allergies again.
I like how "toasting" was defined. And that there is caution about placing "treated items" in it.
I agree w/ you!
Every moment that I'm not actively thinking about something else, I'm thinking up improv team names.
well I signed a autograph after my performance lol Got request for my single And descent crowd reaction!!!
RT : I feel like we're in a Scooby-Doo episode and the actual GOP candidates are tied up in an abandoned warehouse.
i hate that old ppl think just because they are old and have seniority they can say the most inconsiderate things and get away with it
Getting more involved in my community.
any insights into how Frank Tripucka really feels about wearing #18?
Timing and scoring link on middle right side links to 'indycar.com/#' For a minute it linked to a Penske article.
I want 30 percent of the money and ill film
You'll have to use the app on your iphone :)
HI!:D thank you so much for following me:) I'm from Houston Texas, nice to meet ya. My idols are Justin&Selena as well:)
So not ready to do math this early :/
#ireallywish I was enough
fo sure dude
I admire you. The get me through the summers. You Mets/Jets guys take masochism to another level. That's great hustle.
Your welcome! All the best! -SW
Going to be presenting at Emerge Broward's Leadership Summit :-) Make sure to come to the health break out session! Sign up here:...
When you seen with me I'ma up that stock
Lord you're my everything..
Check out CN|2's Final Four Special, "Brawl in the Bayou" at 2 p.m. on CN|2.
Sitting here with Leftover Chinese food, a homemade peppermint hot chocolate and watching classic Disney movies and Christmas movies. :)
4 Stages of Periodontal Disease-Stage 2 Bleeding on probingTartar-Mineralization of plaque-Bad Breath-Volatile Sulphur Compounds (VSC)
Watching Hannah Montana Movie!(:
LOL I'M NOT IMA GOOD GIRL:)
ok. I'm on my iPod though so it'll take a minute for me to reply
To stay true to my old man ways, I'm late to the game. Used #redbox for the first time, and I'm a fan. Take that whippersnappers.
Kara,it is a sad those things happened 2u.It is quite strange that u would exploit them4profit in a book4ur lame show w/no benefit 2da needy
Conor Oberst's Old Punk/Post-Hardcore Band Desaparecidos Reuniting - Glide Magazine
Clack. Co. CAD....Accident reported at Roots Rd. & Webster Rd. in Clackamas....
Background checks for those purchasing firearms rising locally, nationally - Worcester Telegram
I find it highly unattractive when a female doesn't offer to cook, clean, or wash my clothes..
All this love is just making me more excited for the 28th in seattle
Challenge Preview! Get ready Chispites. Tomorrow we will be announcing our next Chispa Challenge. Let's just say, there is wine and food...
Excellent! A Farewell To Kings is awesome make out music.
We r launching a new online customer mgmt system! Buy sessions and schedule your classes online! Directions to be posted soon.
So happy with all the freesia in the garden, so many beautiful and gorgeous smelling flowers! Some have somehow self seeded
Not stressing anyone.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAVE A WONDERFUL DAY!
a lap always works too
Its about time takes so time off of work! He always works hard to make us angels happy.Now its time for him to relax.
Yes, he is like 6'5"
svn seems SO much easier than git
MD Health Care for All fighting this special session for taxes on "other tobacco products," ie grape-flavored cigars, etc. marketed to kids.
YOU'RE worried? I can barely walk, let alone run.
We are hosting an Engagement Party for some wonderful customers and friends. Congratulations Kristin & Josh!!
get rid of your egg
Who are your top 5 favorite guitarists?
turns on heater
I have a feeling I'm going to be fighting with my new, loud, not-working AC all summer.
no phone.or ipod
Happy Friday! Can't wait to fiesta #rotrally style
This suffering will make us better artistes.
maybe you're right.
It's been over 24 hrs and I haven't gotten to talk to him...
neridahart: goodbye NOLA - has been fantastic
Wake up, bake up
If they don't get it out a Jar.... It ain't LOUD.
Successfully resisted urge to strip in front of TSA screening agents. Of course my underwire sets off the scanner.
I don't know much, but I do know how to entertain ;) #WinningtheCustomer is a solid dude.
Challenge week! Stay tuned, amigos....
I love you sailor :)
I flagged them to get them removed
Lookin like tired Cats
yeah i voted for aaron rodgers for madden 13.. come on
I'm just sayin'.. Your gut could explode.
and do you know what sort of technical background they are looking for?
we can do it late? Or maybe prior? I blame michael bay.
Love tweets from Politics and sports in one package. Can't go wrong!
RT : If you know not to do something and still do it , don't even expect me to give a fuck.
I want to wish my good friend BigStoney a Happy Birthday and apologize for not making it up to his party, hope you guys have fun!!!
I want to rollerskate down that hill next to grammies house on the Cape. Teach it a good lesson.
Design Council chief executive David Kester resigns Design Council chief executive David Kester is leaving the organisation.
Pittsburgh Power 6-4 v Cleveland Gladiators 6-4, battling it out for the top spot in the division tonight Consol Energy Center!
RT Love the stretch goals - great way to maintain momentum for training!
oh and btw: it keeps making her cry. like...really.
If I did one small thing differently in my life it would be COMPLETELY different.
As usual, the newspaper industry will do whatever it can to punish those who pushed it into obsolescence, e.g. Facebook, Google, Craigslist.
Haha. I love TN, I just need something different for a while. Thank goodness for Grad Schools! I just need to graduate first
Stuff I've never seen on the big screen: Andrei Rublev, The Sacrifice, The Killer, Hard Boiled, Days of Heaven, The Blue Angel, Pulp Fiction
Our neighbor has a Siamese cat that's disappeared before at 55th & 5th - email me at
- you were great! now get back to succeeding!
Jamesy! It's Nicole Agostino, and this is my webseries! Follow my directorial debut. Teen Drama and Awesome Music!
Tyler Perry -- Madea's Studio Goes Up in Flames
Thanks, Ali! We survived! So did everyone at work.
Hurrah! Good for them-- not that it was in doubt, I imagine. Congratulations.
<3 you papa!
haha awhh! happens to me all the time too =P
Tonight's action: 7:30pm Houston Dynamo vs Philadelphia Union 8:00pm Quiz Night. 10:00pm Los Angeles Galaxy vs New York Red Bulls
UW president "the #ischool is not just a resource for the university, it's the epicenter!"
#LifeStory my sisters have boyfriends and I'm a couple with my grandma.. Fuck love.
I wanna see on broadway(:
Welcome! Thanks for posting great content.
You're welcome... :)
So tell me I'm yours, tell me you're mine. Tell me I'm anything but fine. Tell me a story, tell the time. Tell me a lie. <3
ouch! poor puppy!
Tickets still available for our April 18 Civic Luncheon with Joe Tait. Russ Mitchell will be our MC. Come and support a great organization.
Trying to set goals and build up my followers here and on FB.. "AGAIN" since half my folks got deleted ..So follow me as I follow you
I HATE it when drive thrus fuck up my order and I don't realize it until I get home.
thanks andrew!
Abt to curl up & end my night by watching some powerful motivational videos by !
dang u tweet poor bird cant keep up :P
#Breakfast is one of the most important meals of the day! What is your go to breakfast?
Also interesting/disappointing that judge doesn't weigh purpose of copyright at all in individual determinations. Wd strongly favor
we are set! Call 503 225-0860 and if you can ,Send me your contact info to
what's up thanks for following hope your having a great one :)
Vividly imagine how it feels to end your competition perfectly. How did it feel? How did YOU feel? Do this every time you train!
Masters Thesis BTW was "Learning Styles and Teaching Methods of Gerogia State Park Interpreters". The Park Rangers who give guided tours.
#2 behind UK-Duke 92 game
thanks! And thanks for spreading the word!
Ticked something off my #bucketlist. Saw #Titanic in a theater. She just hit the iceberg and she sinks in 2 hours....100 years ago tonight.
Trust needs to be earned and I'm smart enough not to trust too many
Kentucky Derby is happening right now. The best 2 minutes of television all weekend!
We have live music-punk, down and dirty boozey........... The night is young, come on down to sabbatic!
Great workshop from at
I could definitely eat Greek yogurt with honey for every meal.
Your Welcome mate
.... And back to life
A real spider is eating the spider mites on my eggplant plant. How appropriate.
I just saw. Hey, maybe you'll get a great new car out of it??
Awesome! Thank you!
Abhor cash only establishments.
Did everyone have a good time at the game friday?
My production company is now working with #WCGAPS on a new reality type #Paranormal show..been working this angle for over 5 yrs..FINALLY!
get him an adamantium laced skeleton and some healing factor and you won't have to worry.
I'm In love with this new character
Some guys never realize what they had until its gone. Sad for them. New generation of women rising up!
O'Malley is showing documents by Dr. Plecker doing his "race" police work: intermarriage "is an awful thing."
Arrogant broads with the false sense of flyness get the #unfollow with the quickness
“: Even a "dud" book for me might be a "wow" book for someone else. #titletalk Vice versa, too.” I try not to bias when asked
I have a crappy netbook that I use.
I was gonna pay him a little visit but mando said he was goin to like 3 different jails...where is he now?
got em fixed twice since then
I define love for our purpose as the passion of one being for another in the hope of being loved in return.
- - We love you #CoachBeaste!!
Hello America, the hottest 2012 presidential candidate is back on twitter central ready to get America back on track www.bruzzesiforpres.com
can you imagine the look on his face if you actually told him that and then he let you take a pic of him holding
Congratulations on the generous gift!
Thanks so much :)
aww not fair u don't get were it but u look so good in it :-)
good luck!
#wineoftheday :Emile Beyer Pinot Blanc-an Alsatian white with subtle apricot notes and minerality to awaken the poet(or diva) within.
When you see something you wasn't really trying to see <<<<<
#fridayreads finished the Hypnotist by Kepler in one day. New Swedish author for me & looking forward to more.
Tony Parker: "I'm taking my talents to the hotel room, and going to play with Brent Barry's wife."
Did you go AK on the site? (joke in poor taste, I know) RT : Not that anyone cares, but I apologize for no Packer content
Hey CP & Dtrain, it's sunny outside. You N.N.'s need to open the curtains. Hope we don't blow this lead.
holy fuck I just died.
What kind are you getting? RT : Happy National Pizza Party Day! Like we need an excuse to party with some friends ;)
YO RICKY. it would be pretty cool to hang out on my birthday (june 4th) just saying. :)
you just keep catching me with the convertible. One direction? Oh yeah.
has anyone else been able to sign up for Google+ today? I've been trying since 8am.. keeps saying "We've temporarily exceeded our capacity."
You would think I would be worried about not finding someone for prom. Truth is I'm not bothered by it at all. What ever happens, happens.
Finna get on this #Showerflow & bring it in early tonite>>><<<<
Got 50 new followers today . :)
This is when my timeline gets ratchet and full of drunk tweets.
Looking forward to the Genealogy Fair tomorrow. Plan to attend sessions as well as visit the booths!
I just voxer Nyadöör to talk to u but do u have a little money for gas
Eli is fucking hilarious on SNL right now !
Hip - hip - Jorge! Still love Posada.
What you think are the "normal" predictors of deception may not be accurate....
You'll get one month of unlimited boot camp classes for only $59 with the mamapedia deal!
Damn it JUST hit me
SOUNDS AWFULly uplifting
hahaha I knew you meant ghosts.
Fun night with coworkers seeing one of our own in As You Like It at
you should try their customer service would get back to you promptly if any issues
Thanks Rock, he is really hot right now. He is either really hot or really cold.
I'm so tired ! But I guess I need to drag my a$$ out of bed and hit the gym before work. 😝
Good luck buddy!! Thinking about you today!
So are you guys ! I've Been having your stuff on repeat. [: So glad there's still good, yet new music out there!
just drank an #arizona, time to pull an all nighter in the lab! Peace!
Didn't snap pics of them, but I saw model trains being operated on tables in Great Hall! They were so cute!!!
Theyve blown a three goal differential but will they choke enough to let a six goal lead slip away
That one person that always makes me happy!
Hope to run into you at the Jeff Mangum show. Any chance you and Sarah can hang out before? We're having people over.
No question he sucked RT : Agreed on Jordan. He sucks
game day..get focused !......R.I.P. Aunt Eva
conflates breast feeding with xtreme attachment parenting
Tonight definitely tops the most awkward moment I've ever had..
I've been better. Was sick all night & today now having plumbing issues again. How are you? How's Lexi?
Stop paying huge marketing fees. Your business can use CartoGraph to find new customers within specific regions. Tweet me for details.
Thanks you have some sweet shirts
Pizza,pizza
yes u reading this, plz follow me:D
Headphones up and passing out in the car.
Hamilton's pole will mean nothing at the #SpanishGP wait and see
Thanks for the RT!
Woodson preferred a Sunday opener to get an extra day to prepare. But #Knicks get Saturday in Chitown or South Beach.
Sununu = shrill gas bag
Looks like I might be going to see the #Avengers again on Friday, this time with !
Now we are adding to the initial list: . raises tension between customization & standardization & relation to tool building
Creoles would be more fitting
Real shit! RT Rumors are as fake as the person who spread them!
RT : October is National (eat more) Pork Month!
RT : Tonight in MKE! Linneman's 10pm on Locust St-- Blueheels CD Release and mke band crush, Worrier.
I'm getting tired of constant disappointments.
good for her! You have awesome burgers, btw.
Another year**
Looking forward to an amazing Friday! You?
Thanks to for cool story on sleep apnea trial at
My Dad's And Alien And My Uncles Are Citizens
Watching the Grammys & thinking hopefully by next year Cody will be on here. 👌
Cisco just bought the Flip video camera from Pure Digital for $590m. Big push into consumer electronics.
My planned co-op partner has been old and sick. Stupid ravages of time are eating my friend
CS5 is killing me. Everytime I export to PDF the background task freezes. This shouldn't be a painstaking process...
Someone text me. Save me. Im at destinys and its awkward cuz her friend is here....... ~Devin.Anne<3
That'll be AWESOME.
Not sure what I want for my bday even though its's tomorrow. I should've been thought about what I want lol
I do own one nice Michael Kohrs suit, but it's my only suit. I'd like more than one.
Oh yay!!! Thanks to twitter I knew to be prepared for an epic Howie call!!!!!
. Been any activity on Gary Brackett or Dallas Clark?
Thanks!! RT Great unsolicited shout out to ... Great work by !
i believe it. I'd like the City to pay for my grey coverage but it might give Angela an aneurism.
My point about Gere was that there is much at "home" for him to invest his activist passion into addressing. More useful too.
awesome! Sounds like a great program. Mitt works best in 40s and below with wind. If it gets cold there you'll love it!
Thank you
Nope, you're doing it right. Also scour CL and print out anything good. Some people flag listings to quash competition
I know! It's just so much easier now :)
I want a boyfriend that I can tell everything to and talk to about anything about, not just what he wants to hear.
Finding tons of flaws in a person and not accepting them for their flaws will lead to it not working. Accept a person for who they are.
Under RT Over/Under on Sixers-Boston is 140. For the series, not Game 1.
Thankful that my migraine has alleviated the right side of my head. Sorry left side. Your turn now.
intense napping
RT bringing SO Experience to the Nike Campus on Sept. 26 for aspiring SO Athletes and their families pls. RT -ev
sushi with Michaela!
Umii Products is accepted as a Community Partner with the USDA
What a fabulous organization I just went to!
B 1 of the few to have my Cochon555 Aspen Cocktail 2nite. Bacon/ Rib Armagnac Blanche, Pistachio Dumante, Smoked Cherries.
I see, what do you do? The bf snores loud and he doesn't let me sleep.
aww you two are going together? (:
Just found most impossible thing to code: the "Night Before Christmas" version of the health care debate. Seriously?!
Two Flacco faces better defenses than Romo and still wins playoff games.
I followed your kitty into your closet and may have lost my camera :)
Voting for the Naismith Award :) and you should too. Txt 4 to 347-63 ;)
His texts >>>
It is in reading that you find yourself so deep into someone else's heart, soul, and thoughts, as if swapping lives with them! Amazing!
Thanks , started Breaking Bad last night
Things I don't want to do after all weekend out at my daughters softball tournament: 1) homework 2) anything productive.
ew lol, I can't stand it..
: She lives as a woman
FBCD... Slap the ask and were off to the moon and beyond!!!
Reminder SaMo: the lovely is teaching kettlebells tomorrow, while darling carves out ur Core :)
The Indians should be out of this inning. The short hop throw combined with the missed scoop have bitten us in the ass.
Just because I'm not talking to you, doesn't mean I'm not thinking about you.
Good! Wish I was watching instead of working.
You're annoying..
Anybody out there unable to sleep?
I miss ur face!
If you're in the #DMV & Love dance, then check out Cypher Sessionz the 1st Fri of every month. facebook.com/event.php?eid=…
Golf is out…you are holding my clubs hostage. ;) So my new hobby is drinking. Well, thats not so new, but it has a renewed focus.
Honestly, I don't even remember that even coming up.
#FF my favorite directors and - both David s hm...
Usually when I go shopping I get a headache-never understood why. I'm at mall with wife Lisa now--anyone have any aspirin!
the sky (; just kidding! Nothing, just got home! What about you?
. use Hatch-Waxman tailoring by sector as a model?
Thank you october, warm weather is saving the last of our crops. No frosts yet.
Not formal dorms, but high-rise "student housing" buildings & lots of apt availability.
Neighbor kid and his buddies are on their roof. I'm sure that's safe.
SHUT UP WHY DO YOU POST EVERYTHING ON THE INTERNET
They do follow. $=buzz=more reviews=impression of legitimacy/worth
I hate your hair
RT #InfoOverload as an oxymoron & other recent gems vi shar.es/oONnh <TY Monica! Good to have a Dr. in the house!^ME>
will we be able to see the flash films after the semester? Sounds great!
I have the ball, and I have the net !
Timing is everything... Good luck!!
It's not about being committed to charters, says It's about being committed to the reason for charters.
Working on calculus while drinkin a Pacifico and playing to Coldplay. I might do this more often seeing how much my productivity increased.
Veterans Day follow
Trivia Tuesday begins in one hour! Get here for $7 tacos, $6 margaritas and the chance to win prizes!
This is the hottest (farenheit heat) plane I've ever been in.
What a gorgeous day! Friday 70s!!!
daily smog check discount is 40 dollars come get your vehicle check out and serviced we will be glad to help
is this period over yet?
Mel Kiper's hair is dominating the draft day conversation on ESPN and rightfully so! Follow the 2012 NFL Draft in FanCake!
I wish my phone wasn't almost dead or I would text sorru Mckenna..:(
i think i may be more excited bout this celtics game than the superbowl....
Famu was in my mentions so hurt today!! Like a zeta trying to get a prom date.
Stoked to be this year w/Brian Hunt and Thom Zadra, the Business and Creative Heads of Original Video !
Bail for accused #Florida killer #GeorgeZimmerman? #FirstEdition asks LIVE
"Hey, let's re-do the kitchen! " That's how it starts...and spirals down from there...for too many homeowners. I save you from yourself
the password to the champagne room was to say "louisville" like a native.
miss you too lovely! Come visit!!
One student wrote "Are people really freaking out about gender discrimination? #bleedingheartliberals"--not kidding.
You are so very welcome...and thank you, as well, for uncovering my eyes.
If it's only sometimes, we need to work harder.
I could beat you
dang dat was harsh
gotcha... I replied
thank you :)
-i don't follow penis, booty cheeks, 6 packs, & lips..... if that's your avi., that means YOU!!
ALL PARENTS NEED TO BLAST THEM WITH EMAIL
WSU 72 OSU 55 F RT : Clearly I don't follow enough people who cover Washington State or Oregon State. What is the score
Who are You & Why are You FOLLOWING ME?
It's hard to have a good lunch break when won't stop staring at you.
can I havee some????
www.varsityjackets09.com rocking the jacket world! *412-973-8262 Call Bob now www.varsityjackets09.com we rock
we may have gotten blown out by the lions, but I watched every minute of it. Glad football is back.
They Call Me Lame Cuz Im Not With The In Crowd. Fuck That, I Stand Out Wasnt Meant To Fit In.
I Feel Like This Week Is Gona Be A Whole Lot Better
damn I can't wait for LeBron to win it this year.
This is still a ballgame. Remember has yet to play a 4th quarter in Cleveland. Let's go #Cavs!
Can't wait till the kids wake up and find an empty dining room and living room. No fighting over TV viewing spots today. #carpet cleaning
alright tatianna & cassidy cut the shit & be friends again
How's it going tweeps?
y'all to should go together to get y'all permits
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation so much coming up!!!
that is a bummer. we need to go laptop shopping. costco, mac authority?
girl put a cold rag on that eye cuz it lok right NASTY !!!!!
excited fir the new video :D
I wish! I was on a bike ride.
Or a wrapped sandwich you're going to start eating in 30 seconds.
Hold on to ur seats! RT : Just got 2 work & the construction workers downstairs keep yelling "1 2 3 GO!" I think I might fall in
"So sweet Danna! Let me know when you make it to the D. : is it your bday? sending <3..hope to see you soon! xo"
Sounds good, have a good lunch!
Taking a nap in Alex's bed and with rusty! #GetAtMe missing the good life
What's up? Lol
Today is going to be long I can already tell just have to remember God is good
you brought me a shirt?
Request "Daylight" by on your local radio station! go to www.requestdaylight.tumblr.com for your station's request info!
Good luck “: Just took a vow of celibacy.”
Am I the best
Sex Strike only needed for those that are into Rush Limbaugh or others that don't believe in women's rights!
“Altogether” is completely. “All together” is all in one place or time. It’d be altogether cool if you all together said hi.
Once again TY to , , and for the mentions! Your awesome
When you can forgive, including yourself, then you can go on living in and with love.
Obama is so like Jesus. Romney, so different. You've got to wonder: Do Republicans actually like Jesus?
Me mo!
X-Factor is about to be huge.
I PASSED!! THANKS FOR THE SUPPORT
lol so I've heard-- Even people that weren't sending hate tweets
were gonna take over the world!
RT Virginia Museum The Virginia Museum of Fine Arts is a top US art museum with more than 5,000 years of art from around the world.
DEFINITELY....We have to keep these people out the whitehouse...and out of congress period...
how about Mickey Rooney's Mr. Yunioshi? How did they get away with that?
hahaaaaa!!! I'm sorry I'll change it after I finish this game of 9 ball :) I gotta win!!!!!
Reveling in the design prowess of an artist working in ClarisWorks.
yeah yeah.
Watchingg America's Got Talent Houston,Texas auditions!(:
This doctor keeps calling me kiddo 😒
LIKE IF you put things in a safe place and then forget where the safe place is
I really want #PanAm back on TV... 3 weeks is FAR too long!
“: Twitter has turned me into a lonely insomniac with a great sense of humor and obsessive tendencies.” haha
you were, thanks!! but I think you'll be amused when you find the answer.
Ur very welcome!
Feliz Cinqo de Mayo!! (But none of my Hispanic coworkers know what it's about, something about the French...)
Today had to be like the worst day ever. Not only did I have to see my grandma all day but then my aunt came over.
Sending you a lot of love and best wishes for a speedy recovery from Section 132, Row I. Hang in there!
tried to spin and catch it on both cheeks lol
More dance beat! More dance beef!
We don't want to be another number to any company or organization. Balance procedure with personal touches, a happy client feels valued.
my new fb page is facebook.com/10000228497556
So apparently I got an award from Obama. My dad asked if I could burn it LOL.
I'd say both can be used for impression management, but pinterest has better affordances for browsing previously posted content
this new christian artist from Nashville
it's a start! I think wolman is still open in the park, ever go?
What does "to tanepistamio tou Tulsa" mean?
I love fuck u betta is always getting play in my house.
; if any bitch felt like i was flirting w/ them, my bad cause the last thing that's on my agenda. since i was so called flirting last night.
I love those awkward moments. Mixture of happiness they still have fun & total nauseating weirdness.
Married to the game. . . . . but he broke his vows
I'm trying to watch Katt Williams on Comedy Central but there are so many bleeps I can't understand the man. Loosen up CC!
and your slowly shaking fingertips show that you're scared like me, so lets pretend we're alone.
mm that pic
#SCMS12 Elisa-PopCulturePirate-on using remix for media literacy, critical thinking and feminist ethics.
Just saw a dead dog on the highway. Its name was Lucky.
Interesting Fact of the day: Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
Were you standing by a cute girl w/ a pony tail and saw her reflection too?
as long as I have a girl and boy I'll be fine... And both, we wanted and it happened .. Lol
Nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
Work Meeting
Thank you for spreading the word and helping to raise awareness! :O)
thanks and thanks for RT!
Good Morning #Metro Center! Start your week right having lunch with us!
Heading out. Just realized i tweeted my 1000th tweet 2nite on #kinderchat. How appropriate! :) g'night everyone! Thx
i kinda like both NYR/NJD so i haven't decided who to go for.
I'm glad vintage stuff is in fashion, because I haven't felt this insecure and shy since middle school.
This 55-year-old appreciates your book. Thank YOU.
just set us up to twit away. still getting set up :-)
Technical on Bo! Yikes. At least the 2 free shots were missed for that!
hey dude! the atl is the usual 3 H'S ---HOT, HUMID AND HECTIC! LOL! gotta love it! you should visit. you DO NOT live in Fla!
hahah I procrastinated on reading it do I must finish it in one day! :)
The dissapointing moment when you realized Kony 2012 had nothing to do with free Hotdogs. The Park Sports Bar tonight 21+ Free all nigh ...
sorry for late #FFs ... I had them queued up and forgot to post
Downlosd the new Angrey ya need that asap!!!!!
so cute ♥
Clicked on a link posted by , ended up on a pseudo, virtual, weird cartooney porn site. Thanks J!
Quick nap then off to 💅💅💅
Zooey: "Siri, what should we do today?". Siri: "I've found these helpful ways for you to kill yourself".
Oh I haven't, have I? You think Mubarek left on his own? knows.
haa why you like my smile.!? (x
Patty Mills and Danny Green have 7 points each. The Suns lead the Spurs 29-26 at the end of the first quarter. Shannon Brown has 14 points.
As long as they dont play 4 the Skins, Eagles, or Giants
I dont belong to anyone, no body belongs to me!
you can. There is a walk up rate, but it is more expensive
of course
Cant wait for prom!!
Best Companies to Work For? Your own!
EI Cuts are draconian. Could it be that our NYS Executive Chamber simply doesn't like children with devtal disabilities. What do you think?
Thank you for the shout out Katrina!
In other words, not going to happen. RT Barrett: the trick to restoring workers' rights is the assembly.
subtle indeed!
"Everything is wonderful...the Sun is out and shining so bright. Just like it's supposed to go...and it's just getting started tonight."
Today is my birthday! The best present ever would be a tweet from you!!!!
I love your music, Sheryl!
Surprising amount of work got done last night. Only 2 papers to go!
Here at booth! Come by and say hello
Our movers are so strong they can move thousands of boxes without breaking a sweat! Even can't do that!!!
I want to do something this week. At camp I was so used to doing stuff and seeing people every day. It's weird sitting around doing nothing.
The press release is for real, even though it reads like it was written by a grade school bully.
Logging off sadly. Going to miss my Selenators
Seeing a cat food commercial and instantly thinking of Harry.
Oh Matty G, don't do this to me.
#schoolflow in a few...what about you!?
As a Twitter neophyte any suggestions on how to engage with people with whom I share interests and how to have fewer pornbots follow me?
We in the booth cuh we gotta new hit fo ya! We jus re-up...
“: Is it gonna take some Bolshevik loiterers to get a police presence in NoNo?”
watching the final four. Let's Go Kentucky!
that is funny!! The plot was good.... Maybe?!?
People are saying earliest you'd return is May 27th.
The #ABALawDay Jaworski program is live on C-SPAN, right now! We just got a shout out for our hard work, live on C-SPAN!
Learn about Social Media, Superior Middle School #Wisconsin, 5.10.12, 5-6 PM, free event, computers available for use,
I gotta see a man in indigo score soon. #SKCvMTL and I have sad news... My phone is dying & I didn't bring Pad :-(
Glad you're back. Now we can look forward to lots more 140 character entertainment from you!
8hrs time difference means waking up 5 times a night, finally bolt upright at 5am... a week of jet lag here I come
While this Renders, I shall Write.
Saunders on Galchen: entrancing in part because one can't pick up on her agenda
I want to get a massage.
Great seeing and of fame at the open house last night!
i've never seen the godfather either. maybe we can arrange a screening at dollywood?
m the shit.
Really fortunate to only be down 13. #Florida's kicker is money. Wish ours was.
Treating the body, mind, and spirit as a whole. Putting everything back in balance with alternative care.
did you get the pic!?!?!
yaay happy birthday exclamation exclamation!
call for a stretcher!
There are some things you guys should DM each other... Don't just tweet them so everyone can see them #NotClickingAnymoreLinks O_O
All-In Tuesdays is in full effect. GET DOWN HERE NOW! is ready to take your ears on a journey.
Dolphins going to surprise and finish 2nd in the AFC East..
so cool! But he looks like he's been playing his drinking game too long.
you're the only celeb I want to see. meanwhile why is Natasha bedingfield here?
. . . go far into #debt that you can't afford to take care if your family. #ows 1/2
and killed it tonight for Thanks guys for everything! #yourock and those kids were amazing.
that just gave me a headache was that the intention
Wow! Watching Hard Rocks around the country present plans. Get ready world we Rock!
the more likely scenario
What position u playing? Damn it...let's play 2
ARE BEGGING. please NEVER allow kat, colton or alicia to ever play #survivor again. keep this game classy jeff.
I'll think about the librarian question & get back to you
If Bobby Knight was going from Indiana to Tennessee he'd re-route around Kentucky
I honestly love the feel when you are lying in your bed and you feel the a/c on :)
are you mayor of Starbucks?
lol but that's not to say that others won't be offended.
Eating some shrimp fried rice(:
Whoever has read the book "Stargirl" RT !!!!! #RANDOM !! She's craazyyy thoooo!!!!
I liked it.
The GTS is comfortable fun to drive and has plenty of headroom for anyone.
kodi dm me your ps or xbox name please if you can
Contact Council President at for info on the leadership academy & the new citizens advisory...
We all try -frank ocean>>>>>>
Markelle Martin just recovered a fumble inside Stanford 5
Just realized that tweet below could be misconstrued. Rest assured, the brown creeper is a bird--a lovely, little one.
she is but my ass is numb
looked legit 2nite, unite
I think is the most beautiful awesome stunning person imaginable. Totes!
So there's these birds in my neighborhood that come out and sing in the spring and I imagine thats what mockingjays sound like.
I just realized how thin my walls are. My neighbor was sneezing, I jokingly said "God Bless You" and they thanked me.
Thank you! Loving the SoFla weather today.
Taxpayers Night will start in a few minutes watch live on
if diet soda was so bad, every other ad on TV would be some lawyer trying to get you to sue coke
I have.........hahahahahaha!! Bring back Roy Evans!!
That moment when your crush asks you who you like.
I wanna loose my belly an lift&expand outward my ass!
ED 209 threatening to kill you if you don't 2-for-1. Also, maybe a play on the Hostess gags from old school comics.
what up girl how u been
is back home in Hawaii auditioning for a few gigs. I traveled cross country and through six time zones within the last week.
Come up to meet you, tell you I'm sorry, you don't know how lovely you are <3.
At the Oregon Symphony to see Brandi Carlile with the Symphony. Cranky usher though. #gc2012 only 40% of you would come. Your loss.
How hard would it have been for these guys to ask your permission? Seriously.
thanks dude! She's studying photography so if you have any interest in modeling/head shots let me know she'll need models
well I want to test thm out lol
mega millions mega millions mega millions
Just finished watching Fireproof w/ my bride. A perfect end to Valentine's Day. I am blessed beyond belief. She is my crown. Proverbs 12:4.
So close!
most def... And check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
Yeah I know, media believes the city when they say everything is fine with interoperability
Yes it does. & hopefully the depth of #Spurs roster comes through. RT Bosh being out opens that door for #spurs in the finals.
~ Enjoyed the part of your broadcast that I got to hear!! As always! xoxoxoxo
The new McDonalds commercial freaks me out!
Why am i wide awake at 6am..ick.
One year from today Americans will decide whether or not they are better or worse off than they were four years ago.
Within these last 2 days.....i think i've logged about 15 hours of studying Organic II lol~
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. Dale Carnegie
I like where your head's at. RT : Biggest news story of the day - R. Kelly's "Trapped in the Closet" series is back!!
You're welcome! Hope to be back soon. :)
Best accents and word choices ever.
VIA serves up #HappyHour Monday through Friday from 3 to 6. Stop by and we'll make you smile!
Did you know the human eye can distinguish more than 500 separate shades of gray?! Wow!
How awesome is the auctioneer on
morning (: hope u have a good day 💜
just wondering because I'd like to try out 5.1.1 for battery fixes, see if battery is any better and if not go back to 5.0.1 jb
I really hope this works out...
#441996Mahone icon : 1000 I LOVE THAT NUMBER HAHA! Anyways Ur a cool mahomie and I love your icon Oh my GAWD dying~ nd we should talk more
What is your favorite tool (downloadable program or internet app?) for a #usabilitytest?
Nearly suffered ignominious end of being run over by bus b/c watching Mannheim Steamroller Xmas lights video on YouTube
yeah :/ im definitely not going to win! hahah
Everything's all right, guys! This somebody is only one character cunning enough
“: Skeetones and Freekbot at the mousetrap this weekend. Hiyoo!” ya boy!! cc:
U be thinking like dat 2, u cant even lie.. Lol
did you know that 70% of house-hold dust is comprised of epidermal tissue?
above all the drama baby!
that text that u quoted ashlyn on
My life is awesome. I never want to change it
So fucking tired ......! Goodnight(:
LMFAO ISN'T IT BEAUTIFUL you're framing all of these of tom's and i'm taking back the ones of dougie ALL YOU NEED IS TOM DADADA
I can give away, everything I possess But I'm without love then I have no happiness
Weekend without our guys friends,brothers,boyfriends,girlfriends, & all that extra? #BET ... but im still goin home to babe. lol
Right-wing Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker wants to "divide&conquer" unions&middle class families. That's not hyperbole-he actually said it!
WHAT?! How long are you going to be there for? RT : I'm on Columbias campus, where are you?
Used the version of the logo without the shadow on the new header on 's website... now it looks bad
Henry Street serves 50,000 New Yorkers every year. What will happen to them #WithoutHS? No college prep, no day care, no senior center.
Work than with and hopefully (;
Haven't been on twitter in a while srry ha
Don't judge people, or they will judge you right back.
Just got me appointment reminder emailed to me for my son next week. Love that! Thanks . Best DDS in OKC.
our ch. 5 test grades are on engrade.
Cool! “: I'll be making my official debut as a Workout Wednesday demonstrator for on this morning! 💪”
lets hang out! We kind of, sort of, maybe have forever of catching up to do!
yeah it is! i hope he never changes ♥
glad to see you are starting already should make for an interesting night.
It's "International Museum Day"! Time to visit a relic!
#Redsox opening day is less than 24 hours away! Who will be watching? Tweet us when you see our new commercial!
Stayed up for the djokovic - nadal match.
California Bullets <3 my new obsession! #smoed (:
I don't wanna get up yet! Good morning nonetheless.
Ugh. This morning's workout made me nauseous. Let's see how breakfast goes. :-p
Great speech ll!
"I took my troubles to the LORD; I cried out to him, and he answered my prayer." Psalm 120:1
had lost the password for this twitter, but recovered
Have a safe trip!
he had a great reh - go Terriers! RT : Good luck to #BU student Victor Cayres who performs w/Boston Pops tomorrow!
lol Jackson is always messin with Neal...Neal seems like an easy target, even Pop was makin jokes about him at the jersey auction lol
Excited to be joining the 'NFC Apps & Services' panel today at 10:45am MST at the Smart Card Alliance
Pepsi One is the grossest soda I've ever had.
Salute to the following in the fashion world;
Moody has filed for the House District 78 seat. I will give you an update on Moody's plans once I hear back from him.
RT : Sell the perfect Mother's Day gift? We're putting together a gift guide showcasing Create peeps & what they do. Tweet...
I don't know which I hate more-Jersey Shore or Kim K. Why are we as a society stooping so low to put them up on high pedestal? FACEPALMx1000
LMAO!!! You are dumb...only inside folk would get this.
I can't untill I get my hair down , it's going to look great.
sounds good have a good day
Stewart will end up on DL to start season. Zito will be ready for opening day.
Striving to become the next Mulan actress at Disneyland.
F4F ? RETWEET THIS FOLLOWERS HELP ME
give one of these lil basic females a pair of pearl earrings & she think she #marilynmonroe!
Classic Cars Calendar 2010 | Johnston Tinkers!
RT "Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do." Johann von Goethe
At Kellys with celebrating the holidays
RT i dont c it or hear it : I do . I always say something to you first !
I don't know the specs on Hirshhorn's Bloomberg Bubble, but I'm really hoping it can be popped by field trip kids shooting spitballs at it
That awkward moment You get glass in your vagina and you have to go to the nurse to get it out..
Homegrown team IB Posse takes first place for 2nd year in a row for a $5,000 purse, provided by Subway.
uh same here! I don't wanna drive or step outside in the hotness lol
No matter how bad your day seems, just remember that someone out there has to clean the bathroom at Taco Bell.
How was RAC/TRAC? I'll be in Germany for the last four weeks of my summer working in Darmstadt.
see you at ABCA....booth 405!
you are the best, David. Much blessing to you.
hahaha, same old same old. Most efficient job EVER. Pfff
Te amo Jenni!! Your songs have so much meaning to me!! You have helped me through some hard times! Love you momma!
I hear that. I've been a fan for many many years. Red flag delay is cutting into my sleep time though.
i wanna go home...the aquarium its so pretty & blue n shit i <3 it
Please tell me why I just spent the last 45 minutes searching Taylor Swift songs on iTunes????
When I grow up, I wanna be an air hostess,
they are going to be at
the current lineup is #BushidoBlade #AriLennox hosted by
we aren't The Killers!
What's up #BBN? Tonight we find out who goes where. My opinion is Noels goes to UK and Muhammad goes to UCLA and Bennett to UK!
what's going on?
Also, in the spirit of the social environment , we're hashtagging #overheardatworkbar. Join the convo!
"Watching" that Hoyas loss on twitter just cost me bad bills in internet
(posted here b/c Twitter won't let me shift to my account)
hopefully i get to all the Up All Night House Party with my friends <3
Cheer louder!!!
RJ takes the Victory for Team Scholars Inn Bakehouse!!! First 1-2 victory! Outstanding! Free cookies the rest of the day at each Bakehouse
It's like Waiting for #Godot at
Those moments when I wonder why kids much worse then me gets better things and gets treated better...
unfortunately can't take credit for it
If yurr name iZ AMBER HOOD Hit my line
Thank you to for the great lunch recommendation. Pica Taco will definitely be a regular on my 14th St. rotation!
The day I signed up a server went down, took a week to fix and my site took minutes to load during a crucial time. Grrr…
Thanks! Perfect answer to the mystery.
amazing song!!
“: I miss my bestfriend 💔😞” I miss my 2nd badass daughter. 💔😢
really hoping it doesnt rain later
Mobile app development is ready to take on the world with smart phones and tablets supporting the complex technologies
Duke = 1 and done
I still have 2hrs to go. Arghh.
Arigato! Thank you for helping spread the word about us!
Indeed! Where did the time go? RT U getting old woman! RT Planning my 25th.. Got my eye on a cruise.
Interesting. From my experience with an entirely client side app in production, it's most emphatically not a unique case
Not as long as I have a uterus! Thanks for having my back
