i know a great book when it changes how i see the world; at church in burbank kept comparing it to oasis! Hollywood Faith!
Messing with a girls man is like sticking your finger in a tank of piranhs your asking to get bit bitch.
Getting my hair did!
I heard he was at a market district
And here I am Tumbling pictures of kittens, food and One Direction.
I would LOVE a show featuring Hawaiian Style cooking. I lived there 2 yrs and food is amazing!
Great news, I think. Good luck! I'm rooting for you.
Sounds AMAZING!!
LOOK" you know ya need a job ya parents are tired of U still living in their home ya friends tired of U always bumming SO CALL US ALREADY!
we don't... I do not think it is possible to make a deep dish healthy :)
It was a pleasure working with such a talented group tonight!!! are all AMAZING!!!
is amazingly #beautiful ...
If I ask you a question don't turn around and ask me the same thing, just answer the damn question.
step your game up then! It's not to hard to find a guy in scrubs xP
Would love to win #sleepnumbersecret a new bed for the limited number of hours that i do actually sleep...
Dinner at aladdin's! :D
I've spent five days writing these songs in my head now its late, and time for bed!!!
sure could always use a cpl more! Where do you live?
going 4 a ride w/the man! stoked! head is totally out the window.
Cheers! Will be interesting to see what is done with this bib dataset. Certainly a nice testbed for DPLA-related tinkering.
need some followers and fast! also need twitter to recognize my tweets
"To finite man truth, beauty, and goodness embrace the full revelation of divinity reality."
Survived my birthday....39 again...time to get serious about QuickBooks & Peachtree. Lots of bargains out there as we get closer to QB2010!
We use the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients services and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it wrong.
Whatchya up to on 12/19? The Pack isn't playing till 7ish so you have plenty of time to stop by at 3pm for BB & a holiday bash!
I'm tired
Nothing worse than having to wait for a doctor to show up to their job before getting service!
@ Cacao Mexicatessen in Eagle Rock
I pray my grandparents r ok... Got me thinkin abt how badly i've,been wanting to visit them... :( I hate work cuz I cant take no days off!
lol im from jersey
part of the Student Loan Forgiveness Act is me forgiving myself for taking out student loans for a terminal arts degree in the 1st place
Thanks for twittering that beautiful tweet!!
totally had fake eyelashes. And in true Lucille Ball fashion the cream pie I brought melted and dripped all over my friends car.
What was it? :(
Think it's a lil too early to have the slow jams playlist cracking...
Wine Tasting 101: Palate: Is the wine sound, dry, sweet, weighty, fruits? red, yellow, black, blue, nonfruits herbs, flowers, spices, wood?
mine been like this for 2 days
Look for the good in today
Chi Illinois. But its Worst IN The City.
On : Feingold on Falk: "She's disciplined. She seems very effective in her campaigning approach. She'd be a great Governor."
I'm bored, anyone got something to do?
Thank you to the following members for renewing! Gwen Johnson, George Walker, and Jill Gilmer - you are our rockstars!
😂😂😂RT : Lol RT : I can't take textgram serious, if it aint a tweegram I don't respect it!
thanks Alan, best read ever on a delayed Bart train--made my morning!
Headed out to the Phoenix Open today with the team. It's going to be a great day!
i"m trying to be like money mike this summer
My gmail is still down. :-( I feel powerless.
Zulily Cute Clothes at Bargain Prices Maternity Newborns Toddlers and more - maternity yoga wear
It is commented upon. I have an angry poem up too. :P
Sometimes I'm really annoyed by the way people ask questions here ending with "go". "What's your favorite (blah, blah) and go!" WTF?
try to restore all the good things that should come back since the first.
Is he awake? Seven seasons later, you learn he was dead all along.
I wish I had a British accent. That would be so BLOODY cool!
Thx to the guest mentors
I like Girls..Girls..Girls..Girls .. IN MY JAY Z VOICE
particularly as it could save you doing any damage to your property (or yourself) in trying to get in, and could prevent you
Joe and victor
did you know there's a Squirrel Bridge in Longview? Built in 1963. With a sign too --
Sports Tackles Cancer is a industry-wide fundraising program that unites sports business executives & sports fans to fight cancer.
Eric DeCosta staying in Baltimore.....great decision by a fantastic owner!
Welcome "Kiddy Academy" to Sprinkles Magazine!
From my guy Presto: Big East Conf. Commissioner John Marinatto resigns. Under his tenure the league stopped being Big, East & a Conference.
she had that whole place in a daze, didn't she?? All the fellas stopped dead in their tracks.
Aww, well thk you sunshine, and ditto! We love your smiling face!!
Life after Cubscast is causing some weird stuff to happen. As in, I bought a truck.
Way to go ! Looking for drinks/food before or during the home game tmrw? Come to Milano Inn: close to downtown w/free parking!
around Miami area (: I get to go to the beach a lot too
Shower first,, always be paramount lmfao (insider)
Our #1 reason for being here! Hopefully we get a couple more weeks of it.
Preach Doc!
Got a email today saying May 1 will be our y&r set tour and lunch with you do excited see you soon
YAY!!! I could set up the web party now and email you the deetS!!! let me know!
it's all right, #UConn still will be back primed for a deep NCAA run. Oh yah, about that...
True for grad marketing, but not undergrad: "When it Comes to Marketing, Twitter Destroys Facebook" via
Watch me make you hate me
I do know the favorite brokers...but my account is under 10k so I can't have an IB account. ToS has merged with TDA which I have.
With that in mind though--to the people who talked to my face instead of behind my back... God bless you. You have my undying love.
you have no idea how happy that makes me! I told her you girls were amazing!!!
Today would be a great day on Lake Nokomis up in the Northwoods of Wisconsin, am longing for a boat ride.
Hell yea. Thought I missed it.
follow me back thanks
Thanks for following us! How is your Tuesday going?
you brighten up my day Miss beautiful carlie <3 I love that you love life and love God! please come to ireland sometime? :) x
tell me about it!!!
wow u have BENEFITS!?
Looking forward to #gilbane Anyone going to be there Tuesday night?
I am sure I will. It's among a short stack of other books, but can't wait to crack it open.
Its so upsetting to see a republican figure saying such vile things, political discourse calls for a difference of opinion not cruelty
I'm touring the music library! I can't lie, I've been looking forward to this all year.
Peep show is delightfully awkward. Especially the kissing.;
if you want another break from dystopian books - CODE NAME VERITY by Wein, extremely well done historical set during wwii
New Philadelphia Students to participate in Law Day - New Philadelphia Times Reporter New Philadelphia Students to participate in Law Day
Sesame chicken is the greatest thing in the world.
Been wearing pink polish since saturday lol
Yeah so i'm definitely invited to the party. Austin, hope you be looking hott as always(;
Hope I see my baby tomorrow
Oh you get alot of likes on your statuses ,tell me about how your so popular
New spring cocktails! Classic cocktails that have watered the mouths of generations are back, and they are amazing!
12 more hours till Miami vacation
Happy Monday! Working on any cool projects this week?
Asking Celebrities out via is definitely turning into a trend. What celebrity would you ask out -CJ
oh my god these 8th graders are stalking me -_-
x-cuse me lil gorrrrlll..It's time for you to use the eliptical with me!
FACEBOOK WARRIORS are on the prowl. Watch out!! They are out there to attack your person with false truths, and dominating words.
Chick-fil-a (;
Yeah. Should be fixed now. Thanks.
no Jason. Like TEBOW
also, this new #soundcloud...i'm intrigued..
Brought home a new puppy from the humane society today.... aahhh, the lovely puppy screams of a cutie who misses his playmates...
you know, asking yourself what you want for breakfast really is like, the hardest question all day.
is seeing Transformers in IMAX. Yay!
This game is giving me anxiety..Since when am I so interested in basketball?
How is Matt Kemp letting Beastmode off its leash this season? Dude lost in NL MVP voting to
New recording being up time ! XD ....z
Thanks babe
I'll be home a week from today!
You're late, you're late, for a very important date! Are you attending the Alice in Wonderland High Tea at Sisters Tea Parlor today or...
sounds like fun! Kids love Natural History museum
Envy is one of Hot indie artist preforming live at the Freakin frog sunday 6-pm-9pm Pst on "Break That Single!" the Indie music supporter!
ah, I remember doing it when I was in middle school...taught me to read directions lol
Issues with wi-fi, okay. Nonexistance combined with issues with wired internet, though? A bit much.
- Hi William, would you happen to know any Mac Support Technicians w/ JAMF experience? Btw, really like your blog.
If you followed me the world would stop spinning I swear(:
Great crowd tonight. One more show!
The closet friends that I have we're made @ tucker capps,East flora elementary, and Madison station. I never forgot you and u did the same
Don't forget to surprise your loved one with something GREEN for tomorrow!!
Yes! Thanks so much for sharing!
I don't know I routed pretty hard for the Saints last year in the NFC Championship game....
I been good to just working and performing like crazy. Momma had trey saturday.
beautiful…R&D is "creative work undertaken on a systematic basis in order to increase the stock of knowledge,
RT : Someone figure out an A/B test for talking with your ex
Anyone ever do a mystery skype?
AMEN! RT : If 'con' is the opposite of 'pro', then is congress the opposite of progress?
; good luck Joseph, thanks for the great music guys, please say hallo from me to your 'Mark P' (!!!)....
Go express your first amendment rights somewhere else then. You don't need to do it in the FiDi area of NYC.
That moment when your brother's wedding is tomorrow and your dress has a broken zipper. #I'mScrewed
Can anyone recommend a great #freelance graphic designer here in ? I may need someone for an upcoming project.
Never heard of Miss World till now, I've been missing out !
I like to keep fiction books around too to interest students in reading. Mostly historical fiction, which they like.
in a relationship. with food. :)
I am disgusted by all the cars in the adult superstore arcade. I mean, do we really still have so many Americans without Internet access?
wonder what Das will say publicly now?
I have not gotten a single text all day
RT : #Flipclass chat on the hour: What are doing this summer to prep for next fall?
Thanks for the #FF shoutout bro!
theme song :D
thanks! although I don't have anything planned for tonight
Two weeks. Thought I'd at least pop over to this account and say Hi!
Well I don't have a camera. So there.
Wack is wack. Good is good. If you ain't where you need to be in life go get it.
I might have finally found the right girl. :)
Does it come from a particular org? Thanks!
I save everything for the last minute..but that's the only way I'll get things done...
I definately agree!
m i guess you were lol
The things I say when I don't know what I'm trying to say or what's it called >>>>> LMAO!
tweeting #amexbestbuy to save some more bucks
"Single isn’t a status. It’s a word that describes a person who’s strong enough to enjoy life without depending on others.”
RT : RT : Follow for the latest on NM Politics.
#GrandTheftAutoMemories Changing the station every time you entered a car! RETWEET if you did that! LMAO!
Just two days left til SOOR Youth Games presented by Nike. Is your child signed up?
hey guys!!
In class board ass hell nothing to do! About to hit it! Fuck it
It just depends yo... If I'm feeling the beat we should be good
it was called copper kettle. Sounded intresting too.
Kissing a girl on her forehead is care, on her cheek is respect, on her lips is love, but kissing her in front of her boyfriend is SWAG!
He is kind of a big deal.
#thingsisaidinthe90s A baby gotta do what a baby gotta do
NEXT WEEK. YES. LOVED YOUR EMAIL. LETZ DO THISS. i'll call tomorrow to make an appointment. WHAT DAY?!
noted...i promise i wont use that word when i see you in 30 min lol
I need a visit too :)
Can't wait to learn how to make smarter food choices at the Saint Mary's grocery store tour this Thurs., July 21. For info, call 770-7100.
Is it bad that my mom tells me I'm high-matienence? I don't think it's a big deal lol.
A bartender is a pharmacist with a limited inventory.
best monitoring tool (both paid and free) is HootSuite
Bongo Injury
When did a hotdog with cream cheese + something become a thing? (bacon, sriracha? See what I learn from yelp?)
we're at madam's organ now!! Come to us!!
Great post on Black Friday tweets - just published at Hope you do another one next year!
In England at the moment, not that big a change from Ireland this place reminds me of Killarney with alot more choices for pizza lol
Sup sexy, how's it hanging bro
Almost all the trending topics right now are about SNL.
Im 18yrs old we a newborn daughter, fuck all that trash talking an shit. I need more money then i have right to keep her healthy & happy!
I know! Thanks! Not a pug - but sometimes things are just meant to be. He's an island-born boy. Cavalier KC.
it's on 6 times a day in my house lately
Hey there :D
it is very good to wonder, it is a form of questioning.
I rise late everyday.......
Why are people surprised by the public mourning in N Korea?
#WhenIWasLittle I use to listen to Coollio
Wishing i was at the PULSE tour!!! I'm going soon....might have to make a trip...
Wow!!! That's awesome!
No problem sir, I wish you and would/could call all the Green Bay games.
Did U know is giving away FREE Italian Ice w/ receipt from
is in Stark County to kick off Alternative Response/Differential Response- DR helps keep families together-
looking for #local bands to play tomo. Hit me up if you are interested AsAP
Your welcome and it is the truth.
RT : Woke up singing "It's the most wonderful time of the year!" Must be
would you rather go on stage naked or shave your whole head?! x
Home from school for the holidays! So much designing to do and new jewelry to add to the website. Keep checking back for new additions!
"A closed mouth never gets fed..." So r u going to strave / r u going to eat?
Are we still singing at the wedding, or has that died?
Buffalo Sabres are 4-15 in last 19 games and now tied for last in the eastern conference. Management needs to do something soon
Almost sent message: Drinking green tea with Pomeranian juice."
In Norwalk :)
Watching a movie by myself on a Friday night because I'm a cool cat.
RT : Morgan: have little sympathy 4 celebs who sell their weddings & then expect privacy if they get caught having affairs
That only shows what I'VE favored it doesn't show me if someone favored my tweet. BTW: Hey!
For it. IL is the only state left in the union that doesn't allow any carry for law-abiding citizens.
Yeah i been there, yeah i done that, soo i knocked the p*ssy out& she runnin back so i knock the p*ssy out knock it out knock it out ayy!
The USC campus would be an interesting place to be during the zombie apocalypse.
9 Months today . I miss you Alex . You were amazing and you still are . (: It really doesn't seam like it's been that long though .. (:
well - not much life at Fenway, is there? lolololol
#LRT Thank God I had academic scholarships...went to school for FREE!! And God blessed me with a job after graduation.
I forgot there was a weekend. That's even more depressing than the week. 😞 maybe!! Idk
Hi John, thanks for the follow...
I'm goin in May! And Jamaica in June for the comp.
I'm doing okay! How're you :)
wardrobe fitting at Celtic Studios...impressive sound stages !
so true. I am a little nicer in my assessment and say 4 years. By that time Calipari will be gone.
Thank you for the endorcement, I really appreciate it!
the one time I'm nice to someone.. always comes back to bite me. k cool
U can text me any time u can retwette
I see that a "Union Card" is req'd for the UCDI. Looking forward to seeing you in March.
its a lost art.
Big sale going on @ Mattrezzz Guys this weekend! So stop what you are doing, slap yourself, and come on down for savings! ~ Mattrezzz Guy
In law school orientation .... I'm so sleepy
heyy u here
Do u ever say "goodnight everyone" on twitter and then find yourself checking back in and commenting after your "goodnight"? Ha ha ha"
He always does! We are so lucky to be affiliated with him and the rest of 826. Thanks again :)
I agree its about time they bring back real r&b!
4 days* theyre stopping at my bed first.
So it only doesn't matter because bloggers don't matter. But if they did, people could die because of them.
Waking up sucks.
i need a red bow tie
Ma momma told me when I waz Yong LOL YEAH RIGHT
I find meditating keeps me present yet outside any stress other auditioners may give off.
This guy!
You're stellar at revisions. Besides, it's more fun to work with thoughts already in words. That's half the battle!
hi stranger lol
#OnceUponATime -#whoa what an intense start.
Nice Frenchie folk song on FIP: Emily Loizeau SISTER
Heart cold...blame it on the last one
#YouKnowItsRealWhen u get dinner no strings attached....
Why you should use humor in fundraising chroni.cl/vPWy02
it's only a matter of time my friend.
Whoa!! So it's in Cannes already, that's great! Hope it'll find a distributor for US release!
I hate all the fucking fat asses in Hghs that decided to eat Pan con Croquetas & left me without one :'(
yo snap on feathers commercial, who is carishma? sick
This weather is unacceptable! Good thing we have hot Avgolemono (Lemon,chicken) Soup or #Greek Lentil soup to keep you warm!
"Where The Wild Things Are" -- A child's first immersion into understanding "margin" versus "mainstream", "self" versus "other"
Spirit shirt, sperrys, pearls, Tiffany bracelet. Very sorostitute-chique today. Diggin' it.
are you running a nerdbird for the bayarea for #sxswi? interested in some ?
So #HIMYM is like #LOST but for everyday life in the 21st century.
You guys I haven't really been tweeting lots lately. Call me depressed or call me busy, but DON'T call me Shirley LOL
New video uploading to YouTube.... 30 min remaining.
My two boobs
Got u I'm on my way RT I want 4 Coneys and a Cherry Snapple...
Say what you will, I still put Manny Ramirez's 2011 season right up there with Juan Guzman's 2000 campaign on my list of great Rays seasons.
I love Harry the most. but i really love all of them, just something about Harry makes me MORE interested in him. :) !
Just got tickets to Disney's Alice in Wonderland Jr. - Apr 1st @ The South Broadway Cultural Center
I thinking every playground built for kids they should build one for grown ups right next to it!
I'M FINNA PUT YOU UP THERE LOL
uh yeah. Its the character reflections/monologues that get me. If they had brought that coach back I would have to be committed.
HunchLab as soothsayer, perchance?
That makes me feel better :) Oh hey! Getting a wetsuit from a shop in Mission Beach. You were right about boards there too, thx!
doing the English project that I had a week to do.. tonight
wake up child it's your turn to shine you were born for such a time as this
AYE EVERYBODY FOLLOW MY BESTIE please n thxs :)
": ": what up Kim?" - The Brass Baby!" - the #1 publicist in the Nati!
Love me some old episodes of Friends
you didn't make the top ten because Finn and Rachel sucked face.
Only the wisest and the stupidest of men never change.- Confucius
Demi likes Niall. Niall likes Demi. Um.. Why are you not together yet? ;)
Yay. Crack of dawn sucks.
I could care less about painter, but addai? This is awful :( our team will never be the same
please follow me, matt? :) i have a question!
Heading north for the weekend...#santacon here we come!
It seems the amazing Joey Arias last night led to crazy dreaming for all involved
Suck it grant writing.
I need a delicious mixed drank right about now.
I want to see Ref John Mccarthy in a #UFC match fighting
I will get you 200 if you get me 300 deal bestfriend :)
all the car dashboard tells me is to go to a dealer for service these days. You gotta do better than that :)
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who gives the best relationship advice but is single
All this stupid shit won't matter in the future
It amazes me that not only are people so afraid of autism that they'll call it an "epidemic," but they're OK with causing ACTUAL epidemics.
ok ok ill try!
I'm hanging out with a gazelle right now. 🎉
# of rings don't equal quality of player. Ask Barkley and Marino.
damn alright -_-
Some ppl really dont get wiser with age
I feel bad for Mo. But why is he Running after fly balls?
�Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best
Have you picked out your war paint and headdress yet? Next year's inter-tribal powwow in DC should be fun...
I'm petrified..how did this happen
Lol not an official. But I made some.
thnx for the follow
Not sure Y is at #TEDxumn. seriously. Perhaps he's here to inspire simpleminded dialogue. Maybe career interns know all.
I had a dream about you... its not like it'll come true tho :(
wtf? I just got this:(
holding my press conference on twitter today. fire away,
Thx to all who got pix taken yesterday & a HUGE thx to our amazing photographer Tonya Schabacker
Watching punk'd.
For a Scifi experience that you cannot put down, read the In Her Name series by
lol YEP! Except that IFC/panhel contacted me to do it....couldn't afford me.
that's very smart of you
The one nice thing about my portfolio is that it scales really well across devices.
Yep, u have 3 cuties there.
Bounce! Thank you sir.
Does any News Media Journalists or Junkies want to chat on here tonight?
Get your "tweet-self" out to Middleburg Heights Library on Tuesday for my class on "Yoga for Back Care"--7-8 p.m. (Free) 29 coming so far.
RT Welcome to the World of Unlimited Travel FUN. Heavily discounted travel and tours.
so be ready! Don't be afraid to recommend me some funny videos or interviews of the boys! I would honestly love to see that. :]
Then i live or die in the pursuit of happiness
Look at your messages here! ;-)
Happy Mother's Day, YUMs!
yeah but I feel like sometimes words aren't enough to describe how I'm feeling, so its hard.
Excuse me as I get naked and take a shower.
this does not surprise me one bit. have you looked at the book i recommended? it has good insight for your show.
Thanks! Glad u liked it. Nice to befriend you on here.
It's going to be a long night... Haha.
A Day Without Music Is Like A Year Without Rain.
Rex isn't really making me a believer yet. Never been a fan, and this isn't really helping.
“: ♥♥♥ For those who don't know...#FrenchMontana is the man...so now u know<<<” Drita u wavy girl Owe!
we totally agree that racquetball is fun. how long have you been playing?
follow me you sexy beast
yessir! i will be hosting my originals and Remixes on my soundcloud from now on...All DJ Mixes will be hosted on Mixcloud!
I respect that. Its not fair how they doin kobe. Still think its gonna be good game.
so. i really like this boy <3
Done. Check your email.
fair enough! You having a good weekend?
Thanks for the follow~!
You were clear....
Cant wait! RT : Who is ready for the stage ? It's going down in 12 days!"
where are you going?
its going to be great. having a watching party for the finale/after the final rose ep. you should do a road trip..
Just had a dream where I was dancing on a Broadway stage with Daniel Radcliffe. And was in the audience.
I'm only random til I'm not. I'll see you at the tables.
You are appreciated !
you must not have been following me very long. I always come through with my pics!
10 minutes into "Glee" and I'm not sure if I hate it or love it.
Is that an issue for the planners or for the companies?
I think i see going to request overtime pay for these extra innings.
Once you forget what you're worth, you forget what you deserve.
omg amazing
Hm, should I consider smoke signals a mobile channel?
designers are closer to engineers than to marketers. don't design for marketing purposes, design for functionality
hey there! Make sure you enter from a computer and not a mobile device. :-)
Yoga pants #because I'm too lazy for real pants.
To use against me. Apparently they've been sending awful messages to people through it :(
Hey guys! I'm going to be in a musical called Les Miserables! Tickets are only 10$ and I need to sell 20 by Friday or I can't perform :(
Bison Analytics, and other companies are finalists in Business Plan Competition.Final on 4/1 University
It can take thousands of days to find your soul mate but it only takes one to relize it <3
at da library wit my moms for a min n bout to b on my way to da bar to return my application for a waitist.
Bought Lily little white gloves for Easter service. So cute.
#sotellmewhy NBA owners think they deserve 50%? Players should get 75%. Fans don't attend games to see owners. I hope the players hold out.
"falling in love is easy BUT someone tell me how to stay there"
Devon Rifkin: New strategy = dual option: importing (long turnaround) manufacturing domestically (short turnaround)
I regret nothing, except the Ninth Grade... and that chance to audition for a radio job in college... and that time in 1994 when...
Thanks for the follow!
I would literally die.
co-opted by the state.
sexy.. I feel left out
who the fuck is this?
#idRatherHave patience than success
yeah i think im goin 2 sleep soon
Yay!! Me too :D
I miss my baby
When I look at the new computer renderings of LHC collisions, I long for the old, beautiful "bubble chamber" dancing sub-particles.
I am so excited to see Mumford & Sons tonight!!! Yes.......
Its not my fault you got a really annoying dog.
That's Pretty Much It Tho.
Cause maybe
Let's go Spurs we need that 2-0 lead
paranormal. activity. 3.
Truee Unless That Happen After ... Lol Naw Nbs We Fight Point Blank.
A huge # SUMO S/O to thanks gorgeous, I had a great day shooting sumosurfer doc with you:)
I'm thinking HIGH FASHION! ;)
#chargers: Norv and AJ staying put. Good thing Norv didn't go 14-2... He might of lost his job
Who wants to hear a new Rubbish song?
Yes & no, in re: deleting a Klout account. You never really create an account in the first place. Delinking works, sorta.
out with the old in with the new
I don't have a blog. re: my tweet, "supposed" is a proper, neutral term for something that may prove true...later.
I Wish My Computer Would Get Louder
No viable research was ever provided to support the need of a daytime #curfew in Chula Vista.
Yup, paper still abounds. My 2nd grader recently came home w/a record breaking 60 sheets of paper (yes, we keep track :)
CABIN IN THE WOODS: Possibly the most post-modern horror ever made. Contained clever dialogue, memorable characters and ugly CG.
Check out this movie, God Bless Ozzy Osbourne playing at Cinemark.
When writing a tweet for Twitter: Proofread 12-15 times. When writing an essay for school: Proofread -2 times.
#FF to the woman who taught me the meaning of #hairporn:
Let's be naughty and save Santa the trip. - Gary Allen
I saw... I would be in real trouble if I weren't a crafty librarian who has access to other sources :) But it wont be the same
sry bro wasn't trying to make ne one upset :/
I'm well! We should do coffee sometime - I'm excited to hear what you're doing for Ithaka!
Even more frustrating - Alex Gonzalez leads off 5th with a single. Could've been with Ramirez on 2nd.
If you don't already know what youre looking for, of course!
#UCFF The Crew:
I agree with you 100% hyun
A favor for a favor. No freebees around here. Smh
lol were you coming from, and its not Shum its josh Galbraith lol
Been BBLing myself and now back now you'll probably laugh once I tell you what it is but a McBronian is a McCurdian that's also
i love you Johnny <3 Tweet me back! PURRtty pwiss! ;)
Austin Mahone is single. RT this while you still can.<3
hah nah it should be fixed be the time we head in!
I see that Chris got back to you. You guys will chat it looks like. Thank you for the tweet!
what a week! it's only tuesday....youch
I'm str8 like that
I'm supposed to only tweet when I'm sotally tober, but I figured, "Hut the well," so here goes.
In my country, guy with crazy Twitter avatar talks news nonstop. :)
We're outside Aventine right now (Washington & Montgomery) come get your shirts!
Last minute decision. Asher Roth at Skyway Theatre w/
Is it friday yet people!?!?! I haven't seen nor heard from my girl in a millions wks! Whats up with that? LOL
Friday and we can meet up @ 430-500 at Blake chill and then the show starts at 7 for $7 be prepared for $10 cause ya'll aint
A BIG thank you to Henry Diehl for supporting Ice Cream Jihad! Thank you for your generous support, Henry!
Thanks for spreading the word about the Art-a-thon next Saturday!
Taylor Swift is out here on some Thug with that banjo.
In the mood for kickin' Creole? If you're in the raffle Thurs , $25GC may be your cure! Thx Matt!
I am queen of procrastinating!! lol Esp when it makes me anxious!!
Could be worse; could be videotapes. RT : The only book that breaks into the top ten most checked-out items at our library...
wating for reply ....
When is it cool to spend too much money improving or maintaining your house? Never---
Hey??? What happened to all of our recent images?? They disappeared #Teamconfused?+%@
I wish I was roller skating right now. Or driving one high and straight down the fairway.
Good Shot D.Cook
How come its like time goes by fast when you don't wan it to, yet it goes by slowly when you want it to go by fast?
hart is just lazy
Analytics is a broad word. #ColdLightSolutions applies machine intelligence on a large scale. Only one more session to go!
yes it did! And delicious! Thanks again pal!
It's a deal, dude!!
is enriching the regional farm community.
mentioned an integration of Alfresco and Confluence via CMIS. Info?
just got word from t.j.... He told me he would have gladly sold Monticello for a spot in the palace.
cut shirts are so much more comfortable
you are taking over the Tv world!!!!!!! Congratulations
i don't blame you for being you, but you can't blame me for hating it
Austin's going to be so homesick :(
Reading research applications like it's my job... oh wait.
A reminder that the first meeting is January 19th at 6:30...location to be announced!
With the grace of a whirling dervish.
Makes sense. But I don't have any of those. :(
Can't beat mermaids and sunshine.
Happy Birthday
Hells yes, good times. So fun I can't even remember the exact topics we were talking about!
works for me; I'll run it by Melanie...
wanna come blaze when I'm outa school? Parents are out of town
Until one has loved an animal, a part of one's soul remains unawakened.-A.France
thanks for following! We have the best wines in our program right now! It's like Christmas all over again!
Zoolander and I are going to a club....
Contemplating that for work tomorrow ": I love that Smokey Robinson is wearing leather pants and a silk shirt on #dwts"
As I said before, I never repeat myself.
Vendors, Restaurants & artists participating in fEASTival 2012... we will be getting you info for the day of the event soon! Keep a lookout!
Having lunch in Philly. It's the oldest family-owned Italian restaurant in America. gnocchi and baked lasagna rock. Oh, chianti too
#DieNasty RT : Music helps reduce anxiety and also helps the human mind and body get through stressful times.
me me me
#CabinintheWoods is a brilliant genre-bending movie. and his team just keep collecting the box office victories...
The gym has been packed a lot the last couple of weeks. Everybody getting ready for summer lol
Lying about your age.
Feel so sick, sleepover though
Go Green Living Expo in S. Miami on April 23, 2011. Hosted by Green Tech Energy Solutions. Space available, call 786-973-6009
RT : Icon Grill has been open for 11 years in #Seattle and Chef Nick Musser has been the chef the entire time!
A bit sad, the kids don't believe in Santa-9 y.o. says: "No land at north pole, so no Santa. If NP had any people, they'd be scientists."
lol you know I LOOVVVEEE being with you ;)
I use SonicSEO for my keyword research needs!
I just had a customer pay me and then try to hand the food back...
I was joking cause you wrote Ryan Higgs :-)
This Lil Boy Out Here Talking Bout Its Hot. Well Duh Nigga You Got On Them Thick Ass Crew Socks -__-
i do apologize about that mr. lawson. i'll notify the security manager and the housekeeping manager right away. lol
Haha, I know that expression! We should find those two dudes, and have them stage a 'This is Your Life' for you. With beatings.
Big S/O to my JTP Jacksonville branch!!! Follow Follow Follow Follow!!!
isn't is something simple like "c: format" or "format c:" at the prompt? guess you'd need dos for that though
Looking for people for me to follow.. Got any Tweet me..
Omg! Only now I notice that followed me!!!!!! Yay!!!
inbox me your email addresses.
Everyone comes into your life for a reason; some good, some bad. They shape, form and break us. But in the end they make us who we are.
u got it well on ur way man dont rush smell the roses enjoy being a graduate dont rush so much lol
Mitt uses "entities" repeatedly. Ah, the common touch.
And, five minutes later my upstairs neighbors are havin sex. Loudly. Guess they gave up on fixing the tv/internet!
..new kids on the block had a bunch of hits; chinese food makes me sick ;)
Im following u(; lol
#theawkwardmoment when a kid whos an atheist in ur class sneezes and u dont know wht to say back.......
I have to admit I admire Mitt Romney's ability to pick and choose his principles. Consistency is for liberals, pinkos and college professors
Loiter Squad is just adult swim's version of jackass... But its still funny
it would've been on World Star though lol
I'm still a BIG fan of LPP_PR but I had to respond. It is going to be a heated 2012 race I think. Stakes are higher than Vegas.
Cancel my plans for tonight. Soulja Boy: The movie is on netflix.
Open house 2645 Pleasant Ave this weekend. For hours and virtual tour visit www.erikbrownhomes.com and click on Property search for details
Final Destination-athon on FX... #screenwriting research??
Nialler... how much alcohol have you had today?
Just got into Tennessee. It's dark here.
will it be the fish, chicken or egg avocado mayo sandwich? #Airplane!
It is a rainy day, it is a lovely day. RIP Whitney, you will be missed.
Super late start to the morning ....but I'm getting there!
Not THAT upset about Have no problem shopping elsewhere. Turns out, Sams Club is cheaper anyway.
Happy Thursday Friday!
waiting on to get home so we can celebrate her 21st!
Gold and teal! New fav color combination!
that explains alot
Just left from seeing the movie Immortals.
yes it does!
its SO HOT
Hi, Jen! RT : Hello everyone! I'm Jennifer Niesslein, one of the editors of
in cincy? If so, Clifton music festival tonight? Same question for
New morning, new week of #amwriting. This week in West Texas: desert caravans, my dad's birth, purchase of a '52 Pontiac and the Argus C3.
Has to be my lawful devotion to Avenged Sevenfold
RT It's kind of fun to do the 'impossible'.--Walt Disney
When I get up an get myself str8 we gone see if niggas got sumthin to say...
I think it's will be us and maybe ? And I'm making cupcakes :) Make it a meetup?
We need to take it 1 game at a time. I hate The Devils but they are a real good team can't over look them
Alex had a gf. I'm sorry 4 the 50th time haha
Wow, P has Gingrich now polling ahead of Romney in SC.
could do with a nice #kfc :(
Seeing what you eat and drink will help you examine your eating patterns and food habits.
Agree...it starts with the coach though. D'Antoni needs to go, he's awful
#dalailama "w/o trust, how can we have friendship? Wo friendship how can we hve Cooperation? Wo cooperation how can we take care of world?"
I guess it goes without saying why my team is in jeopardy
yeah of course<3
Apparently all Foxy Brown needed to lay down her rhyme on "Ain't No..." was a Sprite and a pizza pie. At 15.
thanks for the responses to my questions folks!
Thurs Rat Pack launch! Live music, our new sign cocktail, cigars! RSVP ! Invite only, limited space, filling up fast!
RT : Blow up your online collection? RT : Koven with the grenade !
Making a list of future personal and business webinars I will be doing a couple times a month.
tell her I said happy birthday!
Gill back for Preds. Great for OK
They miss u - at least nothing poisonous here :)
Thx - I've had a great day so far - been pampered by my daughter which is always fun :-)
I see TO is stating he is broke and friendless. Hey TO walk to your local library and google "Karma"
and thank you for the resume work you did! A many talented woman YOU are! #we'reAwesome
it's cold here!! Pack lots of warm clothes!!!
Guess what stupid 'w' people some think its a SIN and Disgusting to eat SWINE and COWS also!
Baltimore, seriously get over yourself. Did you not see Ray Rice (he's the RB) throw a TD to EdDi? Could you have thought of that?
my mom and I are talking about selling my body to get money for NY.
Let's trend
Sounds like a nice early start to your day :)
GoodMorning! Ugh I don't wanna go to school. To much drama! :/
Osama's dead. Gonna go fill up my motherfucking gas tank now.
OMG. mom: do you have a boyfriend? me: no I have 5.
So I can't wait for tonight !:)
Watching mean girls 2. So terrible, no wonder it was never popular
Actually getting to record some tonight. FINALLY!
totally worth it!
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. ~Winston Churchill
crazy thing is, it did not show up in my google alerts
your number 1 on keek again :)
My cable guy is sexy
why am I not there with you?!
New Website: www.googlebump.com
Haha!! That was hilarious. 3 times i lost you guys, but i always found you!! :)
"I Scare Myself"
awww, your pretty n/h I don't want any of me on here!
Most #Muppets are left handed because the puppeteers use their right hand to control the mouth.
Shes so much more than Karla Vann. Shes got a lot in her gotta get it out. What i gotta do to make you listen? :))
": no problem, you should follow back! :-)" I am hun lol leggo
hit me when it does
": Jason Terry: "Defensively, we weren’t there. We weren’t aggressive and that’s not how we play.""
Tommy Rees pride of lake forest hahahaha. Arrested on felony charges and only got a scholarship because of his dad
I'm doing that to are you doing the rooms?
Roses are red, violets are blue, if Rebecca Black wins ANY awards, Kanye West you know what to do..
Hello babies! How y'all doin?
RT : Creative peeps! Follow #PdPlus hashtag to learn about how to fund your projects. Talk with courtesy of !
The #superbowl was so boring a top headline was Flavor Flav and Tom Coughlin hug after game... mother of god
those don't look like cookies!
City Council votes on #pdxplan today. 2:30 time certain. Honoring our past. Building on our strengths. Planning for our future.
what a comeback huh???
NFL Draft Rumors: Minnesota Vikings Would Be Crazy to Pass on Matt Kalil
OK, I'm switching back if there's any shrinkage.
Unbelievable, Shannon and Cowher both like the Ravens in this game..
hey! I love ur icon
Mom doesn't trust me driving in rush hour in PA suburbs even tho I spent 3 months last summer driving in LA traffic w/little driving exp...?
aww! Thanks! Cheers! “: congrats! So glad all is going great your way! Not surprising either!”
I'll add that! thank you.
You're welcome! ^^
Hahaha thanks! I've had people say that to me before
Love that is playing spoiler/fake tweeting #TED2012. How has no one done this before and does he take requests?
I was very happy to see The Artist win 5 Oscar's. As an SLP, I think the movie showed how much can be communicated without words.
Very well. Choose wisely.
Congratulations!!! you look amazing Alicia :)
Didn't realize you're married to Will Smith :) RT : I just asked my husband if it was ok if I told you guys his name is Willard.
what are we trending today? (:
Keep it up #Tincaps !
don't tell him I told u
My math class is filled with rats, and fake hick's
Mike cld outrun any db we had on the roster & his tackling attitude on the field was well-known. Bobby Boyd All-Pro CB Colts fmr Assis Coach
The past 2 weeks have been strange... & interesting. Not sure what it all means yet, but a few things are becoming clear...
So it appears there's a planning #fail between wordcamp Seattle + mobile ux camp. They're on the same day, May 19. Now I have to choose :/
Freeze frame!
lift heavier weights and do short but very intense cardio. Cool? Thanks for the questions, I am happy to share knowledge!
Choir concert on thursday! #Eek !
Motto of the day - Pay attention to the things that are critical to your happiness
#ObamaInHistory Obama wrote the 95 theses that Martin Luther is famous for. Would've been 100, but that took too long.
I wonder if the Elvis impersonator at the Farmer's Mkt really thinks he's good or if he's doing it ironically. Is the delusion better?
Bless u Tami praying your that the peace of God is your portion & a safe flight!
Life is bigger It's bigger than you and you are not me
hahahahah creepy? Sorry im not good :p
Twitter would have been perfect for Mitch Hedberg
Seems to keep you in business!! RT : You are such a nerd.
Call me tomorrow at some point. Want to hear all about the trip. Safe travels!
Not my fault.
my bday is coming up! I might just have to order a pair of these. I have heard nothing but good.
OUTspoken Radio Special Report: LIVE Monday with Shirley Phelps of the Westboro Baptist Church only on LATalkRadio.com!! Channel 2!!
SO excited to try today in #Dallas on Oak Lawn
God has blessed/is blessing/will bless you, not because of who you are, but because that's just how GREAT He is!!
did you not ask Siri? Lol
Stay warm, buy a tee!
you're so mean! Lolol
I'm almost ashamed to be a female because of the negative connotation that comes with it. Y'all are grimy!
I love it when a plan comes together.
since Whitney died I've been thinking all Janet
Debut Album"So Sin Cere" now availble on itunes,shockhound,amazonmp3,nokia,myspace music,etc released by "Island Def Jam Distribution"
and that they are!
Happy Turkey Day everyone! May you all gorge yourselves in the biggest of meals.
for lunch is like a short little trip to Tenants Harbor on a breezy Down East day!
hey guys~ thanks for following (: have you guys checked out ? you definitely should! have a great afternoon xoxo
The contrast between the teams' attitude to preparation was summed-up during the rain delay. While the England squad went through a len ...
The person who sends out positive thoughts activates the world around him positively and draws back to himself positive results. ~NV Peale.
What Time It Start Again ?
Twelve more hours til school and idk if i wanna go..
Hi Kelsey. Enjoy the week visiting with your family. Catch you next weekend
Killed it
You know it!
DEVINE REBEL - BrewDog and Mikkeller team up. At City Beer.
When a man is focused on the physical assets of a women the miss all the heavenly beauty in the purpose of her creation!!
a Goose? Goodness ... Is your phone fixed at least?
i know you didn't build the panama canal
Haha! ": Got called out last night hanging w/ Dodgeball teams at , "You're here a lot, aren't u?"
Done w/teaching CWRU FPB nursing students. Hanging out on the East Side, waiting for a show at the Grog Shop to start. Glacial23 is playing.
s/o he won the 1st deucebrand watch giveaway tonight...thanks to everyone that participated...
tell us when you get the answer to the OT rules, ok? we wanna know too
The days are too long, and the evenings/nights are too short....
I'll do my best, madam.
You freaking TWIT!!!
i retract my previous statment Josh i know exactly what your talkming about. HE WASNT SINGING i gotchu JOSH
yeah me too. but i'm rooting for the consciousness or paradigm shift or a moral evolution or something.
Could be UTI. Or some other illness. Get Harley to a vet.
Tired of bein pi$$ poor & not bein able 2 find work!all I want is a damn job 2 support my kids,have a feelin all my shit gona get trnd off
Sixers likely to open season on road As guard Evan Turner pointed out, it's "kind of a bummer" the Sixers will open the season with a str
Probably my one and only reader. I plan to actually WRITE on there eventually. For now, it is where I post everything.
It was really nice meeting you tonight! you're such a sweetheart! (:
In spite of the flu, this Christmas has been gr8! So much to look forward to in 2012. Especially in Jan.... 87 reasons to love Jan.
Its cold outside n i wearing a tank top n some shorts wth sandals
i helpe my bor in law move!! fun fun:/
Game time !! NFL baby! Wings , beers, chips, and me!!! Lol
So the #tupachologram guy wants to bring back #elvispresley to sing with
i just watched the lem episode... holy crap man
Never frown upon the challenges or difficulties you've faced in life as these experiences have made your life's story unique & worth telling
Playing the Chinese Poker ap against the computer
I'm not a Kentucky fan but I'm kinda pumped to watch this game. Should be a damn good game.
Not off the top of my head. But I've been awake for awhile and I haven't seen the show since it was first on Netflix.
"Students are seeking to be problem solving. What they need is the infrastructure to do this. " Maureen Curley
I love that tour- I grew up close to Chicago, but we always took exchange students it!
I'm surprised that
that aint me, lmao awesome! My first fake account, lmao
that's impossible.. lol
My son's only "C" was in Computer Science. HOW did that happen?!?
Crisp, High Energy Practice 6 this morning. Impressive coming off of a few days rest. Hard working TEAM.
Baby shampoo will not make you cry. And neither will a good stereographer. Therefore all stereographers have small hands.
Hi I'm Justin Bieber. My lips are the gun. My smile is the trigger. My kisses are the bullets. Label me a killer. ;)
what is that???
One year later and co-worker still does not know how to pull up our website. "It won't come up." "You have it up. Click on the home icon -"
I'm pretending to be mad at I hope she doesn't find out.
A big fat NO to this new pit record.
i am with you on lost - I reached the point where it was too far gone to start. Will have to netflix at some point.
Constantly amazed while working on 17thc English Caribbean what major topics I can't find any scholarship on. Caribbean was a real place.
I'm pretty sure that if I were to just read out loud every sign I encountered, it would be a step up from my current conversational ability.
Don't text while you drive
"This is how we do it"
glad you're alive and enjoying post-surgery life :)
My people so funny
take a stand records
no problem! well glad we've finally talked to each other since his ass aint never introduced us.
Have you check out my new photo portfolio? Why not! www.edroperphoto.com
A musical based on the shenanigans at the unemployment office should be produced.vit would be a Broadway comedy hit.
Working on music & got the AC on... how bout that?
For anyone who does not love his brother, whom he has seen, cannot #love God, whom he has not seen. (1 John 4:20)
What a great weekend it was, thanks to all of our guests that stopped in, and celebrated the weekend with us! Great Job by our staff as well
A ton of #concert tixs this morning !
Will do! Ha ha.
good Meg! I am really happy for u! Take it all the way girl!!
Well, I just called ya house! You can call me cause I'm DONE talking about this on TWITTER!!
Currently breaking every rule of fashion right now...kill me
Patience #red sox
#PeopleILoveTheMost Gay men
Budget Bicycle Center is a full service Bicycle shop in the heart of Madison. 50% Off rental only through www.dealoria.com
Jobs Council recommendations gaining ground, restoring competititveness and creating jobs.Latest winners:entrepeneurs!
I hate the truth so much, I prefer a giant dose of bullshit any day over the truth.
you're decisive. Many people aren't - they don't know what they want.
“: I waved goodbye to my faith in humanity a long time ago.” good luck in the city
I am so excited for this freaking #TRACK erryday I get more and more excited!!!!!
Fabulous! Happy to be busy! Sleep is for the weak! #MarryTheNight Phone date soon? RT : I'm good man! U?!
Reggie is on stage, the world is right again!
oh man,if only. I don't even have your number!
#nwpam11 we must understand our past in order to create new paths to move us into the future.
Congratulations to the Joker - Character of the Year. This victory belongs to you. You are his voice & soul.
I've been told I should tweet once a day for publicity reasons. Something interesting, profound and of value. Hamburger is on sale at Winco.
man I am excited to be in town hah
#Giro It'll be interesting to see if they go thru Bevagna or just around it. Thru might be dangerous.
East side all the way
“The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.” Maureen Dowd
love the beads but how did u get them? Xo
They stare at me, while I stare at you.
But You Already Know That! #WWE :) *giggles*
“Uprising”, press conference at 2pm in the Showroom, fight on Mar. 31. We are teaming up with Team Tapia!
hah ok...I'm walking to your house....im almost there.
Chef at Four Seasons hotel. Blew off my interview. Staging at Purple Pig instead. Fuck working in a hotel...
Yeah, but I mean.. I think it's starting to hit him.. </3
“: Girls that like the out doors and like to take walks<3 #MyType” same but with guys NOT girls (: lol
No doubt that it is around the family and the home that all the greatest virtues, the most dominating virtues of human society, are created
Fortunately it was a short cold this time. Just a cough left over at this point.
Laser tagging !
haha you love it
#drool but where's the rest? Such a big plate! Fill'er up! lol
can You Please Follow me On Twiiter. I'll Love You Forever
According to astronomy, when you wish upon a star you're actually a few million years too late. That star is dead. Just like you dreams :(
FRIDAY: Get ready to party bachelorettes & bday girls, DJs at will never turn down your requests, 9:30PM...
oh well that's cool :)
Thanks a lot John, never even head of it 'till now.
Working with the team to market planned giving opportunities...
Hahahaha omfg.. My mind is a very lovely place.. Haha our conversation about shirtless hot kids playing basketball in the pool??
i cant believe spring break is over please take me back
Take your time to know the person deep within .
Cant Wait To Hear Songs!
i couldnt wait so i bought a single ticket on Friday! They are selling fast. I couldnt get more than 1 in the section!
Well what do you know? I appear to have, once again, found myself in the presence of batshit insanity! Isn't THAT novel? I suppose not...
same! She's gonna be the cutest thing ever!
-- Uh, I had one yesterday (Henderson Alvarez) ... and it's a daily thing.
E-A-G-L-E-S! See you tonight at Shelleen's Charcoal House and Saloon for fun, prizes and football!
Just set two alarms for 3:00 a.m. Off to
P.S. - don't mind the mess in our lobby - good changes coming! Watch for our Tweets to see what is going on with us!
Yea I'm pretty sure I passed thy Geomatry test and the class...
yes sit
Bears and pizza and rock and roll
UM HELLO WHY ISN'T IT THUNDERING OUT
Another saturday meet tomorrow.
SEE WHAT I MEAN ABOUT ? she's worth a follow.
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.
Agree but unfortunately that is the world we live in now.
LOVE IT!
Wait wait wait whoa whoa whoa ... people are mad that Steve Kean talked shit about Sam Allardyce? Everyone talks shit about Sam Allardyce.
What the snow???? It's a comfy cozy day for a latte and cupcake!! M
can't wait to see ya'll 2night;)
Disney Fantasy Cabin 6014 - Handicapped Accessible Category 08A - grab bars for showers
Your source for Unfinished solid Brazilian Hardwood Floors.
Will do!
Lol one of my fav tweets!!!RT : If I was to have a sextape or even pics "leak" I'd promote it like a album lmaoooooo
Haha I figured the quote in the train would get a rise out of you!
RT ! RT : Im gonna have my kids listening to Tupac, prolly the only artist i will give them from my lifetime lol
Appreciate them either way. That's what makes em family anyways
I think my 3 year old niece has more common sense than some of the people at Alpharetta
listen ladies, i've said this once and ill say it again, RESPECT YOUR BODY....I SHOULDNT HAVE TO EXPLAIN -LIL BEEZEE
Just Tried the new Ilike Yogurt power peel, raw, organic and seriously effective. What's your favorite skincare recipe?
Last day in Philly. Can't wait to visit again! Now crossing my fingers for 2 good presentations and an on time flight to PDX
Why cant I sleep? This is ridiculous
Absolutely awesome, kickass news! So SO happy for you and your family. It really put some things into perspective for me today.
All I want this week is my new kitten
im not giving in dis time ima just let things hpn naturally
Liz Brown and I have been trying to keep up with ARC/ERA/ERIH. Bonnie Wheeler of Arthuriana and CELJ is an involved MUSE editor
always...we gotta get on the course & hash out more details “: Shoutout to always a pleasure to talk business"
Thanks, Ms. Lisa!
is the #SexiestManAlive :)
I wanna make a SNAKE PARTY 2, but when i have so much money for it.
A friend is throwing us a reception to support our work- you're invited!. RSVP 410-279-0711, . Wed, 6 - 8 PM, Reisterstown.
i love that album, did his thing.
we have a free appetizer waiting on loyal tree for dessert
Sometimes the best way to love someone, is from afar. Love. Be wise.
Some people love the Superbowl. Me? I love #TheMasters. It is by far my favorite sporting event to watch. Par 3 contest today.
What? Kilo Kai? I got your Kilo Kai Right Here U Crazy Fucker!!!
If home is where you are, then home is way too far away.
careful with those generalizations ("for us"). My objects are processes! :-)
We will try to do a hunt every 3 days.
why is your defult picture of a cartoon?
my family would have graduation party's in the front yard yeah i'm mexican :p
Scotland, cool!
They're great, aren't they? I prefer them to most of their comparables (TV Personalities etc), for reasons I can't pinpoint
thats understandable lol..!! we wanna hit up a Blazer game sometime...
Without the Pens to cheer for... I would love to see the Kings hoist The Cup.
change ur name
for his good combos I believe he does, at least his main one that does a ton.
WHERE ARE YOU FROM?
There's a blessing in the storm. Old School :-)
Thank you!!
Why can't anyone see me when I'm present
This digital voice recorder is the best thing i've found since packing. So many memories on this thang, along w some music i've recorded wow
when ur only lighter isn't working
Woahh is actually online?? Welcome back classy grom!!
What a good family supper that was!! Not! I fucking hate my life!!!!!!!!
Once I get my own place you're welcome to visit any time!
nah I haven't seen it. what did it say?
faster than my landline. upload is > download speed interesting
don't worry you're here, been watching videos on YouTube of ya lol. Love the transformers and janelle Monae inspired video
awesome, how old is he?
celtics needa get this game together we needa win!!!
Ohio Third-Grader Weighing 200 Pounds Placed in Foster Care - Fox News
just gonna sit back, relax with a tall glass of lemonade, and write this graduation speech.
Wait why America the beautiful?
its all good. Thank you for supporting us!
Nas is real
"Teaching Me ..." is brutally honest about the sch sys/ unions that needs repair, w/a loving testimony on what makes a tchr
Ha | RT : Online for the 1st time today. Has anybody predicted where Huntsman's 3 supporters will gravitate now that he's out?
#actorsloungelive buy cds for five bucks
how could i erase that from my memory!? not even if i tried -yuck!
ahh I know I don't tweet that much either
The future, according to some scientists, will be exactly like the past, only far more expensive.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
with pleasure. I look forward to meeting you in person soon
Maybe eating a package of oreos will make me feel better?
Just found out I get a cash award for my presentation. I probably shouldn't tell them I'm honored enough just to present, huh?
Hi - not quite. But communicating in 140 chars can be tedious if you have a longer msg :) Take care. Mike
A hug is a great gift... one size fits all, and it's easy to exchange.
I have one week to make my mom a mothers day cd
Watching Kansas vs. North Carolina with Viggle Sun | 15:30 | CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
really i didn't see it on my phone, i'll call you tonight
We are hiring if interested please email us on
After much deliberation, the spaces have been marked up for #diytrunkshow and we're ready for the morning. See you at 10am for shopping!
- some questions you're just dying to ask but there's no way it doesn't come out rude.
Thanks for the mention!
Hi friend! watch on my website littleliars(dot)org,latest Pretty Little Liars seasons2 Episodes online,free access!100%
It's a Frankie Lee and Judas Priest sort of day
hey I'm one of den girls! Don't judge me!!(:
yes yes!!
I know right! Ugh...hate going to the gym late too but it took me all evening to get motivated.
jc western has ariat riding boots on sale
I thought he might have made me smile, but yeah you just made my day crap!
lml do you even know what "lml" means?
If you lost everything, this minute... Could you seek violence against otherwise peaceful people for your support?
On to La Fin du Monde...awesome beer! Hope mine is even half as good!
that's silly talk. Everyone knows marketing costs alone should be 10x revenues...
:) super cute! Thank you. Hope to all connect again soon!
Over pooh house chillinq with the family kelsey pretty :-)
Meyer must have been deep into the Crayola box at this point & she couldn't even figure out the color she liked to write in
": hey,how can I submit music for your station?!" We only spin artists who either from or rep tha DFW.
Zed's Dead Baby
I was looking at your Darvish tweet for awhile, but then I realized you posted it on April Fool's Day.
Twitter gives you the option to follow who you want. You can streamline your interests & you don't have to follow back everyone. cc'
Watched the 1st movie trailer of a college course.
PPO Stands for Preferred Provider Organization. We offer many really great PPO plans designed to support business owners in New Mexico!
Nashville trench lawyer update. Aggravated assault charge retired in Murfreesboro, Tn.
At Dynamite listening to play the mess out of these funk & soul breaks. I missed 's set though, my bad plurrr.
Hate being sick and having to go to school.
Eli Lilly Sales Recruiter Mark Short will be answering ANY of your career or expo related questions TODAY at 330pm. Ask Q's!
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life. 123
Student films have the most amazing breakdowns: "actress must be able to convey thoughts and emotions with her eyes and facial expressions"
that you look like Adam Sandler 
SHOUTOUT to all my new fans from The Small Business Room! Welcome! If you leave your info below, I will make sure to return the love! :-)
The sun shines brighter today.
no one would know what a child of theirs would look like
It's not a final. It's a project you guys have had weeks to work on, right?
The guy in line next to me at the DMV looks and sounds exactly like Stanley from the office.. Just made my DMV experience 1% better
OMG i just finishedd it. No spoilers. Holy F. Willem i worship her now, she is soo funny.
I can't wait to see my babies! (:
Thinks I want to go to school at ucsb... there's thousands of people partying in the streets!
Thanks for following .also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience
Great to hear ! RT : Posted general announcement to ANGEL about #Blackboard migration. Looks nice, if I may say so.
- Our pleasure Ken. You guys gave us a lot of good footage to work with, and your students had great things to say.
thanks for sharing. So sad.
Fire alarm goes off in middle of keynote address at #blackhat. Awesome.
:) How did you like it?
Its 9:55am and I'm bumpin' the hell out of my sound system! The subwoofer is kicking right now ☑
Oh, I can't stand their commercials. The mannequins freak me out!
I NO IM SAD THT NOTHIN WILL EVA BE THE SAME NO MEAN TO H8 BUT I LOVED IT BEFO WHEN IT USED TO JUST BE THE ORIGINAL ICONiacz :)
good luck on your chem exam today, and have a safe trip home!
Pit bull's new song is bumpin' !
club on weekends and concerts during the week. Come down!!
“: I never don't work.” story of my life
hey! It was in the 60's today in Chicago. Come on back now.
Happy Friday! We hope you enjoy the episode we picked for our last day of reruns. We're back LIVE on Monday. Have a great weekend!
Women's college basketball is painful to watch
Thank you for your reply.
Give me a call when you get off work
ISIN'T MY PICTURE EPIC ??
RT What can you do to make your voice heard about the power of edtech? Visit the Advocacy Lounge to find out!
First ADDYs of the night go to , ,
So tired of stupid questions like why are you having a bris you're not jewish
Perez Hilton to Appear on Raw SuperShow
Humber's perfect game is No. 21 in history. There have been 4 HRs in a game 15 times, 13 natural cycles & 11 MLB Triple Crown campaigns.
your mom jk your mom's the bomb
Austin has a g-shock watch
help i'm a linguist in a communications seminar and i can't get out
here we go, more
Spending a week or two wit my baby this summer >>>>>
Spring break is almost here! Are you excited? Come by for an appointment so you can look and feel great for your vacation!
The eagle is en route
first eccentric artist
thanks drew ;)
Why do pear blossoms smell like butt? So annoying!
going to bed night
How long will you be in Austin? U bringing Roxy?
Got some real good cinco de mayo plans in store for tonight...
Happy birthday to me! (:
Apt robbed, thanks to the fucking desperate losers that took my laptop with my work....UGH!!! Get a life and stop taking from honest people
Its still raining?
"It's insane how pale I am in the sun"--
Thrifty Thurs 3 SMALL PLATE SPECIALS +14 on menu... $2 off all craft cocktails Smitty&#39;s in bar
that's very nice of you to say, thank you! :)
met blue october and chromeo today. super awesome. fireworks downtown; watching from penthouse.
RT Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
Nothing more "gangsta" than what this nation has been doing to other countries & people for 500 years.
: #Aquarius is not the type to feel sorry or regretful, especially with "Love"
Another busy week ! Two events and three consults! January is flying by!
Wolf gang runs the fucking block. Goodnight :'( jamming till I k.o
Who's in charge with keeping count on how many Tebow vs Goliath references will be mentioned this week... I vote for Colin
#oetc12 5 minute video synopsis of presentation proposals required for
! RT : RT : Yes try #Spur w/ their ode to the poor man's truffle RT Dinner in Seattle?
RT : I was ____ yrs old, when I opened a savings account. 8. Cool taking book for a deposit of $2 or $3!! Still have it.
lets assume she meant quick nap? lol
Need help claiming venue 364738 or recovering log in information. Please help!
Thanks for all your hard work to make cycling safe! Whom should I contact about DOT working with CUNY to distribute helmets & more?
For once I actually agree with JC on #ABDC7 for Electrolytes performance.
It's FAKE thats not even her real account(:
good: Joe Flacco, bad: Eagles o-line, ugly: Dolphins
Is not proof that the Republicans main interest is corporate greed?
Stay tuned for our new website, twitter & facebook backgrounds and new astounding version of DreamFace (we're on the starting blocks now).
meet ... you two should connect ....
How wrong it is for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself.
CTG in Kentucky for National Arts Marketing Conference-too bad Patricia, CTG Edu Staffer, forgot Lil' Will at home! Any Louisville advice?
If you brag about who you've fucked, you're lame.
Atleast I tried. Can you say the same?
Sorry, I will never like Adam Levine. He is so rude and disrespectful.
Guy P. also has a recipe in there, & a buddy made it for my birthday last year. It was so tasty, I destroyed it.
Tgey have no class...every time I see the TV movies like the Temptations, they at least portrayed themselves as a xlass act on stage
Too excited for #SMCHou tonight! Come by and join in!
Not your fault. Salon only has one nail tech so they were ill-prepared to offer a groupon.
But yeah training is big time cool. But kinda lagging it on WORK. Which is Bad. Really bad. I am a libra but never can Fkn balance shit!
I remember when we always talked on JakesShawty and you were trying to get to 2k :,) Your tweets are amazing btwwww!
yeah you should
At the pizza pit, #FIU has 1 fan here
Actually my bellybutton was going from an innie to an outie . My Dr. said it was an Umbilical Hernia, fixable only by surgery.
I'm goin where them big booty women b lol
#dogoodsummit PM session: be sure to catch up with from at the "Smart Growth" session| room 250
He did say WORLD CHAMPS!!!
is pretty morbid Funny too.
I want some hot chocolate
thanks for the yelp review... glad you enjoyed the food ;)
The special effects are terrible in the movie 2012.
Its me world Lady Love
I thought the Rangers were in the AL West.
come on people! follow me! and i will always follow you!..
School needs to finish already
RPW's Ben Sparks explains email naming Barrett as winner of Dem primary sent before polls close: GOP "not going to waste any time"
the growth the have shown over the past 5 games is why we LOVE this team.
Sometimes I get so busy, I forget to review my to do list. This, I will let you all know, is a mistake.
haven't touched my Omegashirt since... you know. We reppin' in Europe?!
"This is like Space Ska," says Ms. Yellow Magic
Can't think of many worse series than this... 2 shutouts to padres, including Suppan. Gamel out for yr and now Braun maybe hurt?
lls how was your day???
Now that makes perfect sense. It's a tough balance because quite often 'race' on tv gets preachy and obvious.
awe :) well I do try my best :p
“: Walkin into graduation doe :)” Happy graduation!
Asking Alexandria, Trivium, Motionless In White, I See Stars, Amity Affliction tour true?
do you get to choose where he punches you?
Note to self : Never become the "Blitz"
no problem(: How you doinn?
that's the worst copy-edited story i've ever seen
is awesome to work out to
I did a theatrical performance about puns. It was a play on words.
pray for me Kuya Ricky. I'm really praying for it.
You're covering Payphone... Hm i wonder who suggested that ;) Can't wait!
#ConfessionTime i save alot of money by switching to geico
growing out my nails isnt easy.
Oh Kristen...I will give you a trophy for that the next time I see you!!
Did anyone just see the Kumho Tire ad on the ESPN? I'm scratching my head a bit...
As of 9 am most buses are back on schedule As the snow continues remember to dress appropriately for conditions Thank you for your patience
RT : #MAGICMONDAY. Huge night of surprises. 10pm, Tammany Hall.
So will you be serving pig's blood bloody marys to the general public tonight?
Going out for a night on the town in Chicago!
That's fine i'll be folding denim :)
Let's get your Christmas shopping out of the way early! Waterproof Nano - Bam! you''re finished. Use the code "earlyxmas" and save $15
I couldn't' find any..(moonshine) ....thinking about a card game today what you got planned....
love the Apps Galore salon
Thanks. Eventually going to text-mine the whole thing, but wanted a quickie with Wordle, just to see. Going to try some more later on
HTC One S review
I can't lie... just went 2 live taping of #TheVoice &it was AMAZING! Have serious respect 4 & what authentic artists
LOL . Later that night. He made it up.. He's not rude anymore well for now he aint :O
water in my phone....fantastic. y must it always, ALWAYS rain in Chancellorsville?
There's just not enough time in a day it seems like.
o fail! I forgot about DS9 and unfortunately it looks like that's the only one they left out! Wtf?
Many many years of experience has lead to his level of expertise, just keep drinking and someday you might be as good. haha.
Come see OBOSD author Zoe Ghahremani speak today at a panel discussion at 6:30 pm in the SD Main Library 820 E Street !
WOW i live there and now im in california and my friend is going... wish i was there :(
I want to create visual map of my job skills/experience for use in a blog/personal website. Any suggestions for online tools?
Proud to have Dean and Susie Spanos on the April cover of Giving Back Magazine!
Chi town, what up?
S/o D.Wade tho that nigga say fuck you and attacked Collison punk ass
Is it insomnia? Am I tripping about my #LAUSD pink slip? Or can I not shake the thought of those nasty #pedispin commercials! Eeeew!
#Bmore runner runs 50 MILE Labor of Love this Sat in Nevada to raise $ for &
Now skrillex im not mad at you for having an overall not very good new album. I'm just disappointed.
At terminal Logan Airport.... So peaceful and calm, everything hassle free, at my gate within 20 mins. Amazing!!!
I totally agree!! ...that's how I do everything!
...can actually change the minds of those who were on the fence. Certainly historical. In my view wonderful. what do YOU think?
I Wanna Party and Dance and get high off of the ectacsy that's come with it ^.^
now that's a good game lol
almost time to clock out & tip 1 back. #wine, #beer, or #liquor???
- get weird creep
everybody gettin dreads i swear
Knock, Knock. Who's there? The guy that wants to sell you a fucking door bell.
“: I love making movies. A lot of fun stunts on set today. Time for me to get some rest! It's a wrap...”
Cheifs are lookin legit... Tell Drew to keep the faith haha
Gross LJ rules in Oceanconnect UK Ltd. v. Angara Maritime Ltd. case concerning issues of private international law: [2010] EWCA Civ 1050.
I want Pussycat Dolls outfit!! So hot!
Howdy back! RT Howdy to you all from Harford County. Enjoy the SLRC Tour. Ask Questions. Meet People from other libraries!
Christ? What did I win?
