me too, let's explore ASAP.
pt3: "the wealth of accessible information along with what they should be concerned about losing"
beep, beep Good for DNail! I'll read when I'm off the desk :)
On one hand, OSCAR = Overt Sexism Celebration (And Racism) - given awardees, red carpet tradition, etc (1/2)
at least you're smart. :) PhDs, business owners, wall street power broker.
Overheard a story earlier that ended "he has a glass eye now, but they're very realistic these days." Eavesdropping punished!
i see you soon! woot!
Clever Ali. I have a vision just can't comunicate it in 140 characters. How is solar doing?
i'm dreading this
You poor thing :(
Public restrooms should either have infra-red water faucets or provide paper towel that you can use to close the faucet without touching it
do you have my new number?
are you having trouble with the BB5 app? Its bringing up an error for me when I try and manually post to 4sq/fb/twitter
yes, he truly is...have you watched the Woman in Black? :D
you're welcome.
Not sure, haven't opened presents yet. :( Waiting for in-laws to arrive from KC. Lillian opened her stuff, she was a good girl!
Thanks for finding us! :)
As far as I know, yes, but I've been seeing *-metrics used to cover biblo-, sciento-, webo-, and alt- as a whole
S/O to all those people who stayed at the ball park all day long to see Votto hit that grand slam. You guys are the real fans.
awww Austin im so sorry my poor baby feel better I wish i could hold you and make you feel better<3 #RIPAngel :((
On my way! There now
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
Great job tonight and !! Always stay the 5 boys on the staircase :)
Spiritualized, Mark Lanegan Band... otherwise not much for an old fart like me
I can't make you love me if you don't, and you can't make your heart feel something it won't.
feel better!!!
is following me on twitter. 260 days to get my act together!
thanks for the plug. Have you tried my #BBQ Sauce?
it sucks and it's good. i think; i cry; i write. you know: the usual. I STILL have not heard from Jen (but an off-list convo)
!! I miss you! Let's do something with on the 10th :)
remember when I triangle choked you.
desultory life! sounds perfect. interesting how the gender issue plays out.
I envision a casino tour of the Northeast United States. Her Bangor, Maine show is only 87% away from selling out!
just makin sure! Let's Go #rangers!
Provides Educational tutoring services via Go2meeting,Skype or in person BottomDollarServices of Central Fl Spread da word. Education is KEY
Good luck to all our #GFT brothers competing at #ABUDHABIPRO oussu!
that would be absolutely wonderful
I tweeted in April to you that FTP is out of business worldwide by end of year. You sort of disagreed, how about now?
are you serious? :O
I completely agree. He's a phenominal entrepreneur andn overall good person.
Filming in upstate NY, staying at vacant Inn with no guests or staff, think of "The Shining"... here's Johnny! Great interior shots.
My son's solid hitting continues--he's at .916 AVG for the young season.
thanks. Glad you liked it.
Planning next year's vacations, baseball/bears/first time ever hawks and bulls games!! Yayayaya lalalala glad 2have friends w tickets! ;)
Up with one of the most painful stomach aches I have had in awhile :( :(
we'll place a call to Mr. Gates. :) Stand by...
can i caress you is that ok
“: There's nothing wrong with being GAY! .../ And, social norming based on fear does not make it so.
I've always loved lady gaga's constant commitment to be different..however that was extremely odd! Sometimes normal is good
I'm sure many people would like to be a fly on the wall at that dinner :)
Celebrate the '12 Apr renaissance local MLB, there will be a daily baseball post this week cc:
Tonight Crab cakes and Gypsy Jazz at the Dry Dock restaurant in Solomons, MD
#top100femaleLies "this is my real hair,these are my REAL eye lashes,this is my real eye color, these are my real nails" etc.
Crushed about the end of Mobb Deep
HAPPY B-DAY!!,have a great day
that pic by don was AWESOME!
happy 4th of July
I can never sleep. No matter how sleepy I am.
Hanging out with some very good friends while a man in a movie enters the 8th dimension with a rocket car.
i like it shaken and stired all at once<3
Anxious but ready.
ur welcome. Ur so great sweetie. Need anything just ask ;-)
we'll be back!
Yeah: I was wondering the same thing.
When you spend so much time with someone you start acting like them
I teach scene study, & we work on commercial technique....in last couple of months, students have booked national and regional commercials
I hate to admit, but those Russ Whitner "papercut" commercials crack me up.
Congratz!RT : What happens when the competition goes off the air? We get all of their viewers! Good thing I wore my best outift!
Did Luna get a standing ovation at least?
Up since 5 am. Thanks Jaden.
Working on an article about how to process #archival #architecture collections. Is there anything you want to know?
There was just a #CriminalMinds question on Jeopardy...and those geniuses didn't know the answer!
Thank you for coming to TAN today. It was great meeting you. "There is no one way" - thanks for sharing this :)
thank god for another day!
Lovin' the folks over at today! They turned a sad delivery into an easy fix!
Dinner was AWESOME
Thx for the love!
Just read a like 5 short stories by #lovecraft. Sufficiently #freakedout. I can #sleep now.
pour some oil on a duck
i miss you! are you going to come with kim this summer? :D
RT : Send April outta town with a hot performance. Don’t miss and tonight.
APEX Museum preparing for great summer programs. Follow us for updates and specials.
that gets me to Heaven right?...
Shopping at the mall for conservative clothing is always a fun challenge.
Right back at ya! Have a great Friday!
what do you want for your birthday?
So I've heard. I live in Long Island City now, tho I'm moving soon. What I'll say is this: Montreal might make a better wife.
J. Crew $10 Million Settlement of TPG Buyout Suit Falls Apart, Lawyer Says
I'll be running those steps when I'm there in a few weeks. Maybe I'll see you there.
RT : Gotta go with my big bro though! // Correct!
taking care of business =) summer tour, here we come
#12:Trespassing on Mifflin resident's property, FINE: $429
Goddamn it, Angela, I clicked on that.
Zhivago: You bombed the wrong village. S: Who cares? A village betrays us, a village is burned. Point made. Z: Your point. Their village.
Man its somethnn in my eye!!!!
what u think of the wayne so far?
What happened to my saved searches, Twitter??!!
Listening to late #70s #music reminds me of riding in my mom's station wagon. In 30 yrs, my kids will listen to #Maroon5 for comfort!
Interesting article, it maybe that PR is being presented and acknowledge as part of a Vanity Lifestyle in today's culture.
#GirlsWithPrettyFeet can ride in my car with there shoes off.!
Crap, I wrote a tweet saying yes to 11:45 but I never clicked "send"! Still good?
hey, what's #agdc? Looks like interesting conversation.
make friends :-)
Goodnight mahomies !!!!!!!! Send me pics for a fan video !!!!! Send them to @
We LOVE Best Buddies! RT Pls welcome to Twitter! Did you participate in Best Buddies in high school or college?
Are you at #aasl11? Meet the authors of Teaching for Enquiry at our booth 1009 tonight from 5:30-7:30 pm.
My phone was DOA as of 11:42PM of the 22nd day of October in this year of our lord 2009. Will return calls asap.
For sure...I'll msg u
danm.nigga what time? Call off
I'm looking at my empty Redstone Meadery bottle. I wonder if there are other places besides Flying Saucer to buy mead?
Have a great weekend! Travel safe :)
“: After 10 years..George Strait will play RodeoHouston March 2013! full show…no cows that day..special big Texas deal!”
It's always the other way around for me. Hard to remember every patron even if they all know me.
i hope so! I miss you!
Thanks Love...It's Also Available On iTunes,Rhapsody,& CDBaby
wat would u do if u had more money then u eva would kno wat to do wit?
please follow
When you're on the edge of giving up, ask yourself why you tried in the first place...
The sun is out the wind is blowing and it's raining. Freaky Spring weather.
Custom Build: Samurai Blue DragonRacer | Mega Bloks Blog
RT : PUMPED about earning my first Mozilla Open Badge (OBI) Compliant badge at #2012TCC ... AWESOME learning experience
yeah you should have... :(
No- I went to the College of Charleston.
Excited to ski this weekend! Headed to Breckenridge...
yes and cowboys. For you it's Jewish boys, for me it's cowboys.
thanks bro. I look forward to see u then, Better be making some noise
just trying tweetlogix. Hard to find a twitter app that has it all...
i smell buffalo wings...
sorry couldn't see you but had to take mom to hospital
Some of us are going to the show tonight come talk to us!
you're obviously not.
Practices scheduled for this week and ready to rock for you this Sunday night at RöcBar after the Free Press SummerFest!
Practice makes perfect.
Yeah 1129 E. Baltimore St. Close to the Melo center
Love overwhelm me. I don't want to be hurt again. I just want to be free. I want someone that could replace what i lost. And to love me. :(
Psyched that the boots I've been wanting for months are now available for pre-order! Today is a good day.
I wonder if will name her daughter with a "K"?
Booking both east & west coast tours right now! What venues do you want to see Ethan Keller Group perform at this summer?
Love & basketball....always a classic
I love how much food we eat this time of year..
Imagine if OWSers had guns and they invoked "Stand Your Ground" whenever the riot police attacked them.
havent been in a twitter mode. people on here can be really rude. don't judge me, you DON'T know me. k, thanks
I just got to use a letterpress machine. Totally nerding out right now!
Spotted 6-8 Milwaukee black teens smoking and enjoying marijuana behind the Kosciusko Park monument on S. 9 PL and W. Lincoln Ave.
I think a lot of people are doing that today :) The best way to pay tribute!
Dear Thanks For Rapping/Singing. You Have Really Inspired Since The Day You Came Out. Im Lucky To Call You My Rolemodel.
RT : long lasting and straight up best for bb....
Need a weekend of fun!
I had tried to get on this directory a while ago, but the site froze up. Thanks for the reminder! Will do 2day.
I'm scared, because I don't want anyone else to steal your heart. That's what I want to do.
Meant iTunes haha
Mama was right. The older I get, the faster time flies. Even with an extra day of February it seems unreal that March is almost here!
RT : Let me spend the time to properly edit/comp your vocals. Its more than just leveling/panning. Its about the emotion. The...
LOL I just went to this house party last saturday & Wellington was there haha
High heels or flats- which shoe is a staple in your every day ensemble? -Westfield Style
. #ntyquestion Ringo, thought it was the answer to a crossword clue (it wasn't)
Who is excited about Dark Shadows? It's going to be so campy, quirky and utterly hilarious!
to many but pick one: Shake Your Rump
Oh snap #realtalk RT KG talks alot of crap, he's prob never been in a fight, I would love to get in a ring with him, I will expose him
We just saw this. Stunned. RT : Jerry Rice has on blue/glitter eye shadow...am I the only one concerned?!?!?
where is the new office?
Waiting at the lincoln museum in Springfield.
hmm. which one was you?
UR amazing!! RT Just finished shooting for obsessed with the S/S collection.... Your gonna die when you see this!
I'd rather have that as a Fenway world record than a grape juice toast! RT : Scoreboard had one Aceves pitch at 198 mph
AT THE COWBOYS TRAINING CAMP WITH MY DAD AND
m. Ya make me so hawny
Fastball's "The Way" is that one song that will always get stuck in your head. Even if you don't know the lyrics you'll still sing it.
Back home in Cincinnati. and make it a pretty epic place to live. Loved meeting you guys yesterday!
im not a star sumbody lied i got a chopper in the car
I need a haircut, bad.
So thrilled the world is being forced to stop ignoring what a piece of shit Wade is. He has ALWAYS been this arrogant deluded jerk.
Oh how I wish to be a Colombian whore.
Tom Petty playing all his hits and now crushing it with Free Fallin
Have a good night buddy. Wish we could have worled something out ": Ok R Bar, your in for some serious shit!! Hehe"
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 9
ha! I'm sure there would be many more dudes to volunteer too :P
This comes after Chris Evans (guy who played Cpt. America) tried to sleep with the reporter that wrote his GQ feature.
come people i just need 9 more followers till i get to 200 so people come on and follow
Yay! Got arrested on mothers day -_-
and I quote: "usually on the road I go to like JC Pennies to pick up a tie." actual convo w/ Lindy Ruff this past fall.
lol yea trust me I learned the hard way save time and emotions and cut unhealthy relationships
Kwik Kar Willow Bend would like to wish all of you teachers a Happy Teacher Appreciation week! Thank you so much for all you do.
Ducks to start at their own 32 after holding the Buckeyes on third down.
That's really impressive!
VAMPIRES FROM HOLLYWOOD: this business will suck the life out of you. COMING SOON FROM CANYON PICTURES! SEEKING INVESTORS
": I think about #oomf more than i should . . ."
Truth yo. RT Turns out Boston is the shit
I could be your Lady..anything you want..
That seems somewhat odd??? Are they the only one w/an offer on the table to Walker? A real offer?
Just reviewed the WRLC's 2-letter library codes. How many do you know by heart? AL, AU, CU, DA, DC, GA, GM, GT, GW, HI, HU, JB, LI, MU
girls can win $1000 tonight... dress as trashy as you can!
My IAT gender test showed a mild association of male/career.
#liber2011 Big Q for rightsholders and publishers is effect on sales: no measurable effect to date. Balance btwn substitution and promotion.
OpenLayers just brought a z-index:775 to a z-index:1000+ fight.
is Glick Kosher Foods.
great to hear!
I LOVE YOU VERY MUCH!! How's that?
Whatever five downs guys.
nah I told him "ok well when you come Sunday I want my $25" he owes me for a cake I bought mommy lmao
This is the fourth day of exams! Hollins you are going to do great. Good Luck! I am thankful that everything has been going smoothly.
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation
Agreed. RT : Keep prizes brand centric to engage the appropriate audience for your brand. Generic iPad giveaways suck
How about a MFA loan combined with a Section 184 Native American loan and a 2/1 buydown. Wow! The possibilities! CHFA in Colorado!
“: Tebow time? False. Tebow is located nowhere on a clock, analog or digital.”
wah, feel better! I miss you:(
Joining #GWR2012 vicariously via Twitter (prior engagements)--you have my full support in any case!
Saw a floating dollar trick. need to obtain magicians thread. Must anger strippers at Filth & Disgrace.
knowin that this is my last year makes me sad but knowing my family & friends have taught me life lessons for the real world makes it better
nice! Thanks for the 411 man.
the sorry ass excuse of "it's not you, it's me"
Looks like no blood no foul in affect in Denver...I like it.
hey im following may i please be in the book?
its more that and I haven't had the talk of it we are making it official yet
Happy Birthday Aaliyah..
Some seats still available if anyone wishes to attend (I'm in DC area). www.GlennGary.com Mention we are twitter buddies..
hell i aint like other ppl you better follow me back
Fastest prompt response yet! :) We gave you some link love. Thanks for participating, Sarah!
thanks mike -DavidETE-
you put the awe in our some. cant do it without ya!
RT "Don't wait. The time will never be just right" ~ Napoleon Hill
'Wednesday is the olive in my week'... #CCDSips tonight!
Thanks for the favorite. I love all the Bulgari scents!
like how u went around football.let me know which D1 recruiter wants a 19YO 2nd year senior&Ill show u ur seat on the bench
smh.how do these songs get on radio? want to hear good music? watch an indie film
What are you guys listening to on this fine Saturday afternoon?
which is lovely :-)
Checkout the work of yours truly :-) and many others...
Don't laugh too much....I'm gonna help YOUR Dad get on Facebook next time I see him!
GoodMorning so tired :)
We have connections issues at the AT&T Center and therefore Spurs Game Night React will be canceled for tonight.
Good to see you tonight! We all need to be looking at what's next. Talk soon.
I bet you love him a lot huh?
Hello again #OKC goodbye again.
Mo, hope the knee is not serious. Best Wishes.
#iabaudio speak up agency folks! Very smart women from Deutch LA ready to roll
Bizarre. The article mentions that geckos are purchased for fighting. Who thinks this stuff up!!!!
you tweeted the wrong abel. haha its
I really should be working on AP European...but I'm not :)
Does all of this football talk on sports radio during #MarchMadness hack anyone else off...or is it just me?
Amazing Day!! My first Conference and I'm loving it! Will definitely be back next year
#brewers win!
It's time for THE KILLING. I am legitimately still on the edge of my seat from last week.
Followed you !
#nowplaying The Lengths by The Black Keys
The power of a play or film is in its subtext.What is going on between the characters that isn't being said?
great job Jim
better if it's billed too.
thanks for the follow! It's an honor. Big fans!
Getting ready to "turn it up a notch" on local news. Tune into CBS Channel 8 next week....King's back on the air - Early AM Weather.
Aww, thank you! Looking forward to tweeting with you.
Miss USA 2012 to be held on June 3 but it is still not confirmed that it'll be in Miami. #missusa 2012
Got you its style particular :p
Kobe did mess up Ricky. He did.
Just made a track for 's which drops in may. Download it guys I'll make a link later
I'm crying. I can't with my emotions.
#nw law and order
I would assume yes since William and Kate are Duke and Duchess and their kids would obviously be princes/princesses....
"Potential isn't a character trait....it's a fantasy."
what did you get done to your nails?
high school has to wear them too. So annoying
we can be one in our own minds. Haha
good its getting a bit difficult but ya boi arty wont give up ;)
aw well feel better soon lol
I can honestly say it's nothing but clothes in my closet.. No skeletons
Congratulations on everything! Saw your shout out on 106 the other day.
Lard might be alright in moderation- I just would not eat a lot of it
Darth Vader turned to the dark side after doing poorly on the Imperial Comprehensive Assessment Test.
#tarantula should be kept in darker area. No incandescents for heating - will dry out spider. Use heating strips below aquarium - 75-85 deg
To be fair to HSG and #FCD, a large portion of that weekly salary comes in the form of painting supplies & hair care products to Brek Shea.
Hah, one pivotal moment was drama teacher pushing me towards directing: "why be a brave when you can be chief?"
aww I'm so sorry bestie :( Were you close with her?
Resume: Watching The 49ers vs The Giants aka West Coast vs East Coast aka 2Pac vs Biggie aka Death Row vs Bad Boy aka Compton vs South Bronx
yeah he'll be okay.
Pair of poetry books offer fresh perspectives
hey Morgan - we ran out of holiday world tix a few months ago :( so sorry!
Austin is eating stew right now! RT if you like stew (;
80% of US populations live in cities and trend increasing… what is urban environmental education?
Mess with me, fine. Mess with my kids and expect a fire breathing dragon.
Listening to
Number one goal this year fuck a teacher !
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions – Naguib Mahfouz
#NP That Song by #Devils #Jerseybaby Hell Yeah!
Good thing Saturday is #FreeComicBookDay. You can try out a few of the free books, see if you like what's out there.
yes, assuming you pass, WUNT or Eerdmans style book?
standing desk, week 2!
I've been trying to get my film financed...I'm even trying kickstarted.com now. I normally wouldn't ask, but I need advice.
what up ?
Just saw two bums sharing a capri sun :(
lmao!!!! Ohh I forgot, an old flame hit me up yesterday with the hey my life is so great speech, turned into if I'm free.
:-) thank you Tina!
Bring your cam! :]
that's how I feel about tracking, too!
Student essay titled "The Crappy 1st Amendment." Too bad the content didn't live up to provocative title. Maybe it did.
I'm stronger than what I thought I was
Following and at the same time this evening is really bizarre.
Successful sports = exposure and donations for everything...
You're one of us! RT“: These cheese nibbling ... Spotted cow beer drinking hillbillies from Wisconsin are going to win this.....”
Location scouting!
Agree! It just interesting how families are changing educational priorities. I taught my parents how to use the PC.
Thanks for spreading the word, Matt!
the lone exception to the rule!
Creepy duck stares scare YOU??? LOL
So you guys should trend #Money because it's my English Beta's hash tag. He's trying to make it trend. It's hilarious during class.
I'm about whatever mayne
Understood. Need a title for the pinterest board for most horrible wedding ideas.
Victorian Sparks ~ Bo is very legendary fan of is absolutely amazing. She deserves best tweets & her icon.
Do you have the latest version of Acrobat? (Not sure if Reader let's you fill in forms)
I love being Natural! I can do a lot if different styles with my hair. Braids,afro& I'm going to crohet my hair next week.
I think Tim will bowl a 546 tonight! go Tim
its good my wallet got stolen & I couldent go shopping before I left the city. My 2 closets and dresser are full & i still have 2 boxes left
It would be interesting to see Trek done as a modern ensemble serial show.
how mean haha! RT : Some girl fell and I laughed ;~;
mad bc she is young...you almost there lol
do you resell used equipment?
Go Bubba Go!!!
I hate being accused for something I didn't do, it's like bitch don't come at me like that !!
Thank you for the #FF Bill, have a great weekend.
We're out waving to the fine folks of Baltimore, at the corner of North Ave. & Harford Rd. Honk, we'll be the ones in orange ;)
I be studying & tweeting at the SAME DAMN TIME
Fantastic meeting today in which I very nearly committed to embroidering slippers w/ dead rabbits and a hunting dog.
We just updated the landing page to include our concept video. We're paying someone to do a voiceover, so a new version is coming soon.
": Just registered for summer classes. Who's gonna tutor me in Algebra? Definitely not :)" solve for x : Fu(x)k you
I use to luv total...I started dressing like them lol
don't agree with much of what he wrote, but the movement being derailed/subsumed is worth watching out for
IDA needs volunteer videographer to shoot our events. Email for more info.
Amen to that Karinna!
Chin** su! Maybe he should shove so many tacos in his mouth that he can't speak he he.
y'all are #1 in my heart and many others as well! Now go on tour cause it's been way too long since my last concert! :)
where in the world are you?
well, now I just have to wait until October... only 5 months till next season
correct. :p
I have the choice to go to the beach next week RT : No matter what the situation, remind yourself “I have a choice.”
I am! held under lock and electronic key most days...what is your schedule now? I see you are making friends :)
lipgloss, pen, cellphone
I know I put more work than many into talks bc I write to speak & integrate visual cues. But I think it's worth it!
I'm traveling 2 Haiti w/ Habitat 4 Humanity 2 built 100 homes. I need $500 in donations by 4/24. Please make a donation....
''YOU GO THROUGH BOYFRIENDS LIKE I GO THROUGH TOILET PAPER''-Brie true statement... :)
yo man you downtown tonight?
I try to tell people of the vast info available through blogs, but finding the 1st to hook them is difficult.
Tunisia's transitions have benefited from a great degree of cooperation across party and ideological lines.
I hope murray gets to play missouri..that would be a good match up of two good point guards
that and it's Wednesday...
1. I hate Tumblr. Fuck Tumblr. Fuck it fuck it fuck it. I gives teenagers license to ridicule their own and it perpetuates hate.
Money in hand. is having a sample sale today & tomorrow.
Won't be much to follow since you said he died before getting a RT from Vargas!
Thrill seeking with a very fast pedicab down 5th Ave from Radio City Music Hall to Broadway.
Thanks love! Same to you! TGIF!
-- plus I like the Dickinsonishness of it: C19, am.
I don't know how many people afford such a watch, but there wouldn't be many to do that on Amazon!
ATTENTION to all SharePoint / .Net Developers and SAN Administrators - We have many job openings for you! For info. --->
Champagne & Chickenheadz go!!!
Ibanez has absolutely no chance against Motte
Thanks guys - so fun.
Design has a unique capability to cut through complexity. Karen Reuther opening
Low scoring game ... Favors the lakers
heehee...no thats gin not vodka..mommy's graduted to the good shit..
Really Wisconsin you had one timeout left
"Merry". What an archaic word. Except for this time of year. Nonetheless, Merry Christmas tweeters!
We are now have Potential.
that's a good song (;
Mama says "It's a girl" and she's NEVER been wrong!
MT #wmnhist for 1/11: bit.ly/g137p5 Read note about Alice Paul, whose legacy, like many white suffragists, is marred by racism.
Can my brain maybe just TRY doing one thing at a time? This whole constantly going in 8 different directions thing gets old.
it's hard for me to want only one women when there are so many others that make me feel good when i'm with them to
#HIRING #Payroll Manager in #TAMPA Will pay a referral fee $$$$ for the right candidate. email
A little cold, but doing well! You?!
That was my sister, You know what you said! Keep my name out your long-legged mouth!
start giving them points by grading each homework! I'm grading random problems each day...effort in hw was pathetic...not now!
But they #single they can do that lol RT Don't tell me your single trying to hook up when you still fuckin your ex.
keep the dream alive....
I misread your tweet as 'veg panda', which sounds amazing.
provides services in #Pittsburgh on weekends also...for clients busy during the week... Accommodating..
Last minute happy Mother's day to all mothers out there! Mine is an archaeologist in the Pacific Northwest
I think im gonna give boxing a shot....
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
The Wall Street Journal () reported that 94 percent of successful job hunters claimed that #networking made all the difference for them.
Nice, enjoy!!
This ritas ice just made my day!
Great coverage for #BlackHistoryMonth in
Decided to make Hunger Games (IMAX!) the first movie I ever went to alone and could not be happier with that decision.
We encourage "thinking outside the box" however, most teachers are trapped inside the box.
never bad when it feels good!
Yeah, I have been hacked twice and a billion messages have ensued. I am thinking of shutting down the account.
thanks so much!
Oregon has not addressed whether epidemiological studies require a RR > 2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
that's too damn long!! I need these movies to come out now!!
Told myself that you were right for me, but felt so lonely in your company
2 more games in the books + BNN stays perfect in broadcasting postseason games (5-0). My sideline reporting career lives another week
I've only seen one of the nine Best Picture nominees. Guess I've got some catching up to do.
I feel so bad playing games with this man...but um
Good morning sunshine.
What I would do with a year's supply of candy! (And just in time for me to start eating candy again!)
wise wise words.
Thanks for coming out last night everyone! Glad you liked the new songs!
Is it time for bed yet? I'm spent:)
yes sir! Thanks doll face, you know he's going to be at the sisterhood showcase right can not wait!
& no not every female deserves that goodness bc some are trife as fuck. #hoes &
doubt it. I dunno if we're still able to play.
Me and at his shoot
Increasingly often I end up eating the food that I cook for my 10-month old son. The pediatrician said it should be the other way round
RT : Damn... I'm feenin for some snappers< the restaurant or the fish???
yeah hahaah thanks(:
My hairs like Naah, I don't wanna curl today so I'll just look like a frizzy bird nest.
I'm all for tatts & piercings, but I draw the line at implants. Why get having 2 cubic zirconia shoved into the lower back? It can't be safe
Hi Scott! Good to see you! Did you ever have that barbecue salmon? Jealous.
did u heard Zayn went back home
FUNGUS IS FOR PUSSIES
fall weather brings me back to the #highschoolfootball game days -- I miss the adrenaline of warming up on the sidles with the
Nothings getting any better
Makin me nervous
I, too, will be ridding the land of snakes for St. Patty's day. See ya, cast members from most shows on BravoTV...
A Fielder's choice gets Weeks on base...Who's on 1st ?
RT CUTE WITHOUT THE E ♪
The commercial where the car reads the email from his wife is the best.
The Sentinel teaches a simple lesson, "Just because you look like a monster doesn't mean you are a monster"
Whoops.. Nearly got on the flight to australia instead. Now THAT would be a problem
I fucking adore you.
I think I might just go to Bamboozle instead...
LOL NEVER! RT Easy Throwback should have left her love for the Nuggets in Denver!<<--YEAH RIGHT!
hahaha! There are a lot of good stores at that mall, you won't regret it
Never fuck with a guy who wears jeans to the gym
Writing this story as fast as my brain will let me. I love the rush of a deadline!
I guess I'm going to school late.. What a surprise lol
Based on the #MoxieCon tweets, I'm really bummed to have missed and Sara O'Mara. Their talk sounds great!
co owner here :)
Happy Mothers Day to all the Women that dropped they Kids off at Grandmas so she can go Clubbing last nite!
My English teacher seem like she on the rag! #CrankyAf'
Obama Administration Supports U. of Texas and Race-Conscious Admissions in an amicus brief << Good call!!
hot apple cider, a roaring fire, tweed and wool, rich dark colors
Posting a great giveaway tomorrow for Emergen-C Kidz...just in time for cold and flu season!
shout out to and for doin a great job on the video shoot BR coming soon to a theater near you
I'm sure if he did get gold, that might be interesting. Don't think he's quite capable of it though.
my MAN! It's always good seeing G! Ladies, note to self: stop acting like gangsters haha
You forget old school classics like "One on One" & "The Fish That Saved Pittsburgh". Not to mention "Blue Chips".
Congrats to and
I like it too..
Shes wearing some kind of dress with a big hat. I didnt even think it was all that weird...
i'm still in bed, lazyy me haha, u??
hahahaha. i wonder what he will think when he sees that...
Yes! Sorry for the delay in response! Send us (Sarah & Christine) an email at submissions [at] twentysomethingindy [dot] com.
Lovin' this VA weather!! I feel like I should be in my bikini!
The 10-year-old though The Three Stooges was hilarious. Everyone else, not so much.
thanks for sharing. Have a great day *
yeah, making a point, have no illusions of anything though
Fill in the blank: The best gift I’ve ever received was ______.
I thought I remembered a tweet from one of you organizing an A&M trip to see Tufte. (yep -- am at railsconf)
It's such a beautiful image. This is...so perfect! Their baby would be such a super star and gorgeous! Ah!
Sad to see these #JeffersonDavis twitter accounts that have been made are all inactive. Such an opportunity for education.
- Gracias por el seguimiento! (on set willfully being Spanish ethnicity para un video musical) :-) Have a great weekend!!
My favorite part about the new iOS 5.1 update? I now magically have 4G service.
If you dont Follow you a kid
my pleasure! We r all on this mission!
Antiquated #Yankees should not run aggressively.
This is the longest day of my life so far! The girl sitting beside me ate a bowl of shit b4 she left home. OMG!!!
<---- so addicted to Coca Cola...smh
Elderly people have slower hair growth and diminished hair density.
Come on, Dallas, let's do this!
Big and 1 by Lamb.
He's gonna be here in a few minutes
Someone please text me
: 10 team keeper league someone dropped colston do I keep britt for an 8th round pick or take colston for a 15th round?
What up bro. When u gone let me hear dat?
Im on a re-tweeting spree right now
goodnight world
she's like the ed hardy shirt of our generation = douche.
Who Remember that Bourbans and Lacs by Master P Though???
For those wondering I'm at a free aloe black show. This ain't no footrubbin music.
only because attempts to stop result in refs who are whistle happy
I'm loving TaiChi Sword class, what a workout!
brah shut up... the mavs go get this one and the next one.... then OKC go beat them in a game 7
Back still stiff and achy, but I can stand up straight so I'm going with it and am back at the office.
Male models at 2 o'clock!
Just had a Rabbi enter to win Momofuku cookbook.
shopping when hungry is definitely a huge problem of mine haha
exactly, imo, it was significant, think they hve news mike will go on a abnormally high # of visits? smart thinkg by the club
New collection! Papers of the wonderful Dr. Mary B. Dratman and her T3 and T4 thyroid hormone research. Unprocessed..
#CAA player of the year Ryan Pearson for #GMU: 4 points and 3 fouls.
Why is it when I like someone they are so far away
is your Mom moving?
I approve. Just sayin.
All booked for Paris in August! Let the countdown continue...
Even in the middle of a workout.
Welcome to my house party party.
Ok I'll DM you some info and just let me know when you can. Thx I appreciate it
I agree. Closest thing to celeb endorsement for Apple that I can remember was "I'm a Mac" commercials.
stuff like"Is your refrigerator running??" Thats just retarded. Also add a funny voice in there to make it believeable! :)
Diff btwn value chain and #foodhub? Value chain covers multiple points in supply chain. Food hub = one node responsible for agg/distro
no way! There are plenty of broke hard working virgin guys in college that would kill for those tube socks!
This Michigan and perdue game is actually pretty good
Go Phil!
just saying that i support u 100000000% evrywhre i go Even in school&im called a "dahvie vanity lover" ppl mean it in a mean way
“: You treated me like an option, so I left you as a choice.”
Ha, I get to get back in my bed until 1
Wow. Hey, super cool. For now, I'll stand outside BR2 for a few minutes (So I should leave the elephant?)
I just iD'd No Hurry by Zac Brown Band using
Did someone say you have an extra mumford ticket? I might know someone interested.
anyone of you can dunk? grab the rim at least? just wondering from today talks...
appreciate that brother!
understood...got to get a guy that can play Guard, Konz can't in the NFL...trade down...:)
Essex players couldn't receive a ball-in on PONIES with SPURS on!
may i get the ridge racer gold pass please?
Skins have had issues for much more than 1 season. To dump it all on Shanny is unfair. Give him another yr then we'll see.
on dat Big Pun Rite now!!!
Thanks for the twitter love Lorii!
ok i ate a full bowl of vegetables for dinner (yay ::sarcasm::) now if i can only do this "gym" thing ppl use to shape their bodies
Downtown San Diego <3
RT : Q4: I only need two - gps to identify my location, droid to phone home
he also threw the Alamo against the Texans
Very excited to see the final #RF11 lineup.
I highly recommend Dr. Dre's "Beats" headphones. Got the Monster Beats for Christmas. Outstanding for some1 online all day
If that's the case, he should play now. I don't believe that's the case. With time, it heals, to become less painful.
Idk where that's at, but Jessica told me that it's the apartments like right behind her house. And of course I will!
I check my horoscope at the end of the day just to see if it was right.
has #ChickenSwagge and has #AustralianSwagge, so does that mean has #MiniAustralianSwagge? :)
im not a ginger lol
Me too. Actually I don't want to keep him just bloody him up and send him home.
citizens arrest, citizens arrest! ;)
Lakers got killed early like a black guy in a horror flick smh
Don't be scared of a #socialmediacrisis. Just be prepared. Thanks for great session
#losemynumber If I lost yours..........
The #nfl is releasing a monthly magazine next year. Maybe the shod also release an annual VHS highlight tape too. #
Seriously. : #NecessaryLuxury? RT : Hermes panda beanbag! Made out of recycled hermes leather, sold in nov.
Garnett really should've got Most Improved Player this yr in my opinion. He's playin out of his mind.
nyc looks so pretty at night
Haha yep, you called that one. predictible
I WOULD TOO. I'D LIKE DIE IF ANYONE AT MY SCHOOL FOUND OUT ABOUT ED.
Just got sucked into LIVE TWEET REACTION TO THE EXPENDABLES 2 TRAILER
Bold, sexy, and confident 👌
NOLA is getting a Now it will really feel like So-Cal!
Nobody is stuck in a "Fitness Protection Program", you've been hiding too long! Get up, get out and get moving!
Lol I just barely ate breakfast and it's almost 12:00(:
John Jones or Rashaad Evans? Vote now
When you make a mistake, don't look back at it long. Mistakes are lessons. The Past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
The you shold continuously play the Ragaen video were says the same thing Verbatum what Pres. Obama is saying abt buffet law.
I am so jealous of right now!
that makes two of us
Getting you>
": wheels set in motion to bring #IndyCar/#ALMS to If it happens it'll be a great wknd"
couldn't agree more! RT : "Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world." - Marilyn Monroe
I went w/ olive oil and salt. Will try it your way next time.
thank you very much for all the morning #FF's. really appreciate it tweeps
HELLO TWEETIE PIES! I HOPE YOUR ENJOYING YOUR HUMP DAY!
Off with Zimmerman's head!!!!!
Kurt Thomas is playing like he forgot to watch The Price Is Right today.
Seriously, I love Nickelodeon. A lot.
And joi....we need an outing real soon my peeps
That may be the only hazard, hazardous to the pocketbook! ;)
Oh no, nothing I do is as important as what he does.
uses comics, video to increase geo-political, environmental + fiscal literacy to stimulate offline action
People are clearly still enjoying the drinking weather. Lotta empty seats showing up on the cameras.
At the Subway in Hyde Park and spotted Rays pitcher #davidprice next to me in line. Dang he's tall.
MT Experience a Sunday afternoon w/music that inspires, heals & uplifts...Join us 3/27 @ 3pm for
send me a pic of u to my phone
Damn that shit was sour fav lOl RT“: I Gots a dumb behind cousin y'all ! ”
It's kind of fantastic
Just finished working out and I am a stanky mutha...shut yo mouf
Watching Switched by birth !!!!!!!!
burned 258 calories doing 49 minutes of "Walking, 3.5 mph, uphill"
Just sat through my 2nd CGI migraine this year- Apes tripping out in San Francisco. Still not as bad as Autobots destroying Chicago though.
my mama goes to college
An apple a day keeps the Sbux away! RT : Apples are better than caffeine in the morning to help u wake up
RT In light of the Ashton Kutcher PopChips scandal, I feel obliged to confess that in my AmEx spots I am also wearing brown face
it is what it is
And I was just building on it, & extending the way airports 'feel' part--especially how they 'feel' in books.
You text me. I text back. You don't text back. I send another text. You answer an hour later.
Who wants a follow back ?:)
I have a Promzilla on my hands. That is all.
Nees is the BMF behind the guy
CABIN IN THE WOODS!!!! LOLOLOL!!!
haha this made me laugh at my phone & im outside so everyone around me probably thinks im a freak now haha o well
Fuck them basketball games
So much jewelry to make! + Scheming up dreamy plans for a larger than life photoshoot collaboration in the near future!
OMG! Thanks Bby ;) What time is it in your country????
If your heart is true then I'll be with you Cause it's you that I adore And we both know I loved you more
Idol starts next week
Ms. Neal is such a creeper... and it's probably entirely our fault.
<3 you! let's trade follows. I will support. There is a site on my profile too that will help promote ur stuff.
Dang what the heck am I doing.
why aint u sleep
RIP Gil Cates
it says its goin to be below freezing with rain, not a good combo. Its safe to expect it bud
i heard you made out with a hot dog
just found out i have a euro packet due tomorrow
the difference between genius and stupidity, is that genius has its limits.
Stick some dental floss in your purse or glove compartment for emergencies!! www.kravitzdental.com
Hope everyone had fun at german fest!
lol yeah! I didn't even think twitter hackers existed. Who knew! :)
No..I am a mudblood! LOL
About to interview about $100 million additional funds saved through retiree health care reform
Sourdough has feelings, too. I feel the same about my kombucha baby.
AAAAAHHH..pretty cool huh? What magazine is that?
wow lemme guess it was a tall negro who so happened to rob the churches chicken on the west side.
rid of him. I did it. but my nephew is heartbroken. I am so confused. I love my mother and love my nephew. why am i always being put
Would it be so wrong to eat spicy chocolate cheesecake (from #Nashville's new Urban Grub) for breakfast? I thought not.
That sounded fun !:D
Jobs for entertainers and musicians on cruise ships!Not interested,but know someone who is? We'll pay you! www.MOneStudios.com
Wanna make ur dreams come true wake up
Be careful if you buy a venus fly trap, it might grow up and eat Steve Martin
Coffee Ice Cream???
Gonna get my nerd on.. About to see The Avengers at LA Live.
it is
Danm man.. I shouldve just gave my hours for today.. I'm so out of it
Very much looking forward to getting together again (& eating my Max Brenner's leftovers for lunch)
you're the man TJ! <3
Can't wait to get out of work and kiss & cuddle my mans
wish we were there!
When did this new Brandi Carlile single come out? Because, I like it! Does this precede a new album, perhaps? :D
Attempting to interpret the meaning of tweets that you don't understand only offers further misunderstanding.
doubtful at this point.
YOU WOOD MY MY LIFE IF YOU CLICKED MYFOLLOW BUTON. I WOOD BEE SO HAPPY! (: #NEVERSAYNEVER ITS POSSIBLE
I hate my Monday schedule. So happy this is the last one!
Spaghetti with smoked ham, farmstead cream, hazelnut, parsley & montamore
Naa you're alright babe <3
Doug Thomas - College has become a game called "Guess what the professor wants". Lol.
had a good time with family yesterday...
Kobe, LeBron, Durant, Wade, Chris Paul is my top 5, in no particular order
#IfIWonTheLottoIWould set up college funds for my niece and nephew, and my baby who is due next week. Help my mommy, sisters, & brother. <3
THE PICKLE finishes principal photography today! We're getting closer to where we need your help! Spread the word!
Time for
I'm not a musician. only goes for musicians...oh yeah, and Hulks.
Hi Mr.Brandon I'm a big Bills fan. I humble have the "Holy Grail" of personnel profiling using birth dates.May I contact you?
for the same reason you're studying at King's to prepare for teaching 4th grade students poetry and American History.
RT : Today in OK: An F5 Tornado, a 4.7 Earthquake, and 4" of rain causing flooding in many areas.
you have to appreciate the realness in ppl stop being so dang sensitive
The old VHS of Cast a Deadly Spell is hard to watch. A lot of red haze. Despite the visual style effects not holding up I still love it!
I'm sorry
Julia's power-suit has made all the difference today
I really appreciated the phone call! Thanks!
Do u know what would make my day??? If would follow me!!!!!
Well you better shape up cuz I need a man and my heart is sent on you.
congratulations on your PhD Rob
i meant whales, you know like the things that swim in the ocean and that have a tongue that weighs more than an elephant.
Does anybody know when the all star weekend is?
Dreamt I was having dinner with a 300lbs+ man with bad flatulence, woke to really bad cramps. Oh Macaroni Grill you know how to treat a man.
danks Pak we need to do a jam soon one love player
Hey there you big ol hairy, no drivin, no talkin, Hee-Haw lookin pervert!
What a dick.
No place is catastrophe-immune, we need to prepare early and prepare well. Ready the family to survive in style at FastPreparedness.com now!
Videogames teach cooperative learning and use of collective knowledge to achieve objectives - skills highly sought in the real world.
since when??
GM twitch =)
nah they're checking my knee not head... Lots of things inconclusive about my head.
Ready to learn about #genealogy projects around Indiana
Important interview today, folks. I'll take good vibes if you send 'em.
Lol i kno i cant tho RT : u need to be sleep don't u
Nothing says Crazy Cat Lady like using your Cuisinart to make tuna & cat food puree....FOR THE CATS...a friend I know does this...honest!
My professor just said that he used to own an airplane. That's crazy!
congrats on the New Gig. My KC guys will take you to the top, Just like D. Green. You cant go wrong in Kansas City.
Thanks for following me! Have a beautiful day :)
Our first time live is just EPIC ;)
Getting ready for tonight (;
FOLLOW YA BOI!!!! , AND I WILL RETURN THE TWEET!!!
You talked a lot about space/architecture today. Let me know if I (as UVa's Arch librarian) can ever help!
I'm down bro! What you doing today. Skate sesh?
You are perfect, don't let anyone tell you different.❤
CG lash perfection!
Happy New Years!<3
Please let this be the start of something good.
Jamming to christmas music in office! Tis the season!
CA community colleges to receive less funding due to lower property taxes than expected in CA.
"They always say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself." —Andy Warhol I Moment of Happiness
Andrew Cotto is stopping by tonight to read and discuss his new book, Outerborough Blues from 6:30-8pm, don't miss it!
Mark, thanks for the +k on
Hello, Johnny!
thanks for following me!:))
Live tweeting from #UChicago #JimCrow symposium. Literature and history of period. In solidarity with
Looking forward to more of the (x)architects series on the blog--highlighting innovators in in an innovative profession.
Excited to sing for APU's Shenanigans tonight! Hope to see all our APU friends there!
Oh where oh where has real music gone, oh where oh where can it be??
Thanks, Rick!
Fountain Hills Realtors, Thanks for having me speak to your organization this morning. You are each an important part of our Community.
RT : RT : Q5: Visibility is a critical step toward accessibility.
Big Harold is bored and driving me crazy. Hurry up and heal stoopid leg.
You know what niggas got the wrong goals in life...
Is it Thursday @ 3pm yet? Please hurry trade deadline!
lil guy? wth Alan lol. i don't know how to reply to what sergio said, but get off mark sanchez's level lol
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are Broccoli and Tortilla. Sugar free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.”
Did everyone have a good week? Hope you have an even better weekend ;) I'll be on , as usual!
Caps Weather Hurricanes 4-3 (OT)
follow me sis i gotta get mine together 😊
i miss you kid :c
The Voice coach and Good Charlotte's Joel Madden part of Song Summit 2012 at ... - The Daily Telegraph
I sliped a roofie into ORANGINAS beer, but that Dummy took her drink and got roofied that day.
I just finished a 8.02 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
#superbowl EPIC GAME
My state of mind is all fucked up
I'll coach the Bobcats! I've always wanted to get my hands dirty w/ the DLeague!
I don't even know ..why what's up?? RT : wth you doing tonight
I think we're well past the point of caring what Ted Nugent has to say about anything.
We just finalized the date for our Employer Information Symposium - save the date October 27! Leg & Reform, Group Benefit Update & WELLNESS!
The past is the tomorrow that got away.
up-fucking-set !!!!!
I am so drunk right now.....
Quack. QUACK. Qu.
Can blind people see their dreams?
Hanging out with Bob Ryan. Definitely one of the coolest perks of my job.
No matter where you have been or what you have done Jesus forgives and forgets it. So stop living in the past and move forward in peace
I'm playing some bingo in austin! What's everyone up to?
Wish I couldve seen ogre do smothered hope with ministry.
#ThingsILookFor good personality!
so cool! Where was this?
Today is National Margarita Day. While I can appreciate the sentiment, what the heck are our lawmakers doing?
yeah, the chirping birds this morning told me as much. Just as well. But you know how I feel abt these things ;-)
Congrats sir!
follow me please ?? :)
I so don't want to get out of bed....
Happy Sunday! Hope you're all having a great one.
First time for everything. Burn. :) RT : am waiting for a good article this offseason!!! Come on Greg!!! Lol JK
Thanks! I look forward to following your posts, as well.
Thanks for the RT! : Cool!!!!! RT I just photobombed Steven #Spielberg in #rva on the set of #Lincoln!
u have officially made me mentally unstable. It's all good though ill just sit here in a corner and rock back and forth. Sobbing.
its ok, u got me(:
I should probably unpack my dishes that have been sitting in this box for 7 months.
Malfatti with sage, brown butter, chanterelle and pecorino-roman. That is what's happening tonight.
Banks open
Omg so happy. They actually won.
yeah, something like that haha
This Rangers game is making me unpleasantly anxious...
Happy Weekend, everyone. I'm ready for some poker tonight.
theres the full routine posted on my channel 1dmobchicago check it out!
Migraine for 3 days. Seeing crooked pain beyond belief. Peace to yall. I will be back around this way soon :))))) stay chrome!!!
Who's excited to see us on the 15th with ?!
Have you ever heard of that Waterless Shampoo? Would be excellent for Warped Tour! (:
Looking for a Miracle. Expect the Impossible. Looking for the Intangible. I've seen the Invisible The sky is the limit to what we can have!
Dear , go get divorced again.
Thank you to all WFUV members who helped us to reach our fundraising goal.
A big congrats to #Jennifer Chin and #Carrie Hoffnagle for their awards at the Laumeier Sculpture Park Art Fair in St. Louis last weekend!
Ok I am getting really excited about this app.......
413 unread emails in my inbox this morning...lovely.
I'm there now haha
For the love of money baby
Tiranne An Ass For That. Lmaoo.
said that you aren't the IT factor. You are the Shit factor.
Ah thank you for pulling my friend in your car. Definitely made her going crazy all worth it.
Exit Poll: Louisiana voters likened it to choosing between hemorrhoid surgery, root canal, bone spur removal, or dropping a tv on your toe.
what's up punk, oh I mean plunk.
Today I'm grateful for work, for being able to support myself with a valuable skill. While many still struggle, I count my blessings.
the big bad wolf
Oh holy HELL Crisis:Slight Water Damage 2012 is in full effect! In-laws (separate visits) and Ogden maint. BTW Final paper due tomorrow AM!
Me neither. No one needs to know I'm on the rag.
ahahaha. It sounds dumb
But it's not free. Fluke is asking for free contraceptives. That's why people are questioning her motivation.
A heck of a lot cuter than I am today, that's for sure. I am so jealous of my baby self. Haha.
When's the next conference. Might make sense to find my way there!
makes a gr8 point, only ones aware of #uwethics are either here or know someone here. So how far is Twitter really reaching?
Why limit to only 46? Should have included all the great SM people in Indy from the start.
Nothing better than a day of house work and practicing singing Glee songs :)
Down, like all winter clothing, should be cleaned before storage. Then should be stored loosely to allow for air circulation.
WOW! I was one of tha people tha had tha highest grade on our Science test! :) #ProudOfMyself ™
Haha "Who Brought Honey With No Pancakes"Hahaha
So glad you're coming! It will be such a fun event.
RT - Jacksonville at Buffalo Saturday night is a pick-em game. The Jaguars must be bad.
Latin word of the day: COITUS
meet fusion, flamenco, reggae - international #Cumbia!
Hope you had a great time tonight and didn't get rained on. Can't wait to see the movie this weekend!! Woo-hoo!!
Middlebrooks is a
always tastes better when you walk past subway to get there
Are you asking about or me? Me: Black vest, black shirt, glasses, also rockin' a fashionable scarf :)
Incredibly fortunate to be working with some amazing talent lately! Ready to create some magic tomorrow!
Gain one lose one..
Gasol is very soft.
Looks like this might be a PRSA party to remember.
1500 words on "formatting a manuscript." It doesn't get any better than this. ;-)
Going to LA in May for work.. is it weird I'm the MOST excited about trying there too!?
Still wondering if I should jump on the G+ bandwagon. Still mostly in the "dont give enough of a fuck yet" stage of decision making though
Paper Heart yesterday, Trees Lounge today. Look for reviews on the new & improved site soon!
what are we going to LA for?
happy birthday<3 hope you had the best day ever! love you<3 
"they don't like practice, doing drills, running plays." uh, and that's cool with you brooks? okay.
any possible way you might consider a designer in LA? Relocation isn't in the cards but modcloth is!
Hippocrates said “Our food should be our medicine and our medicine should be our food.”
just shhhhhh now (:
Hi, I'm interested in participating in your podcast. I have an anti-bullying film, "FRIENDS, screening April 28 @ 11am
I say me and you ball one day ? ;D I got hyperfuse . ♡
Most surprising development of the day: 69 Dems, including Clyburn and Larson, back Keystone-highway bill, which drew Obama veto threat.
- then Natasha must be THE QUEEN! She has the arms of MANY! haha!!! :-)
Doesn't matter how many times you show people that psychics and mediums are not so "special". Folks want to believe they're powerful.
asset manages all of the global information with one search box and no user manual. -Mark Lemmons of
lmao uh oh RT : Kick rocks with an open sore with an open toe shoe on... lmao
Do you need a fellow princess's help picking a place?
yes for sure! When do you leave?
You can lock down notifications, which I did. But is having first-line control over group memberships too much to ask? Appears so.
Yea. Ima try ta update it too
“ Who still argues and keep up beef? Check that hoe and KEEP IT MOVING.”
Katy Perry performing at the Oracle Arena this coming Wed (11/21-7:30pm)
495 and 93 up here are ruthless, I feel your pain.
Woke up from a dream where Gene Simmons and Ace Frehley came by the house and helped me vacuum.
Thanks for the #FF!
RT :6 I see you missy.. keep pushing! <=== thx recognition is always nice! !!!!
Out to dinner with Alejandro, William, and my beautiful mother for the last time in a while. At least I'll have a home in New York City =)
Yup! RT : #HARP 2.0 is working! 95 percent of these loans do not require appraisal. Fannie or freddie backed mtgs prior to 6/09
I need #oomf to cuddle:'D
Thank you for following...interesting, my novel is titled, "Anything Is Possible"
follow Carmona Pictures. We loved your SPEECH tonight!!!!
Vancouver, right? I knew it!!
Holtby is swallowing everything. No rebounds for you.
well, Indonesia is already in his list. So I'm sure he'll do an Asia tour(:
I wore hot pink spandex and a zebra sports bra today JUDGE ME
Power outage 👍
Agreed. It's called risk tolerance. Problem is we don't know what the risk/reward calculation is for this one
Really been old
Don't defend yourself. raising children is a full-time job
#smcrva use video to enable beneficiaries to thank donors publicly
Anybody with a camera in their hand is not a Photographer! What do you know about ISO, Aperture, Image Stabilization, Vignetting?
Shot out to Carol and Mark from Robert Speed for Sample Rate!
Up, up, and away
Think before you tweet
Loading the car to head to Service at 10AM. You should come!
omg becky look at her butt. TOUCHE!!
RT : WSJ: "Muslim man sentenced to life in prison" How about for all crimes we now list person's religion, not just for Muslims
we love being a #Guacstar!
Bret, thanks so much. My play "Falling Awake" will be in the Midtown International Theatre Festival this July.
Headed home to spend some time with my fiancé before she leaves outta town tonight for the weekend
Happy valentine day FB. Come get some Valentine InK, From InkDaCity.
Wat you treat me like a bitch fa? Do i do the same? Oh well...case closed!
I will do anything even make a fool of myself on stage don't care please please please!!!
Lol Oh that's cool! :)
what are you waiting on?
LOL. Yes, we have all kinds of allergies and genetic autoimmune disorders in the family as well. My poor kids.
$75BOTTLES AT BROADWAY BAR ON FRIDAY!!... NO COVER!!FREE FOR EVERYONE... Ladies 18+ Gentlemen 21+ THIS FRIDAY!Body Art show coming Aug 27th
WEE i do need something. I need a dip!-.- lol SIKE!
all gone
So, in the interest of putting what you want out into the universe, my hands down, dream pick for producer of our sophomore album:
I'm with you. Video disturbing to be celebrating him like that. Sure we don't know everything,but pep rally scene over the top
if you're a music snob, you'll appreciate it. It's really short and easy to read. I definitely suggest it!
w/out u id be alone masturbating in a corner thx 4 being so great
people crack me up...sittin here gettin hype about nothing...needc to move on with my day and go the hell to work and stop worryin
Thank You
#milwaukee This weather is outstanding! "One tree can absorb as much carbon in a year as a car produces while driving 26,000 miles"
Now that the rush of Christmas gifts to agents has passed - maybe distinguish yourself with a Valentine's day gift?
We're looking for actors and actresses for filming on June 25. Several parts. $100 for the day. 20s-30s.
So glad I don't have to take the west test this year..
can you follow me?? :)
well, you didn't hear it from me, but... Yes.
Lol I'm already out as of last Thursday HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
BELOW THE BRIM just connected with Thought Co for possible business venture.
Cannot wait til I get home to blaze up.
Reading "Rin Tin Tin" now in case I meet author Susan Orlean at the Tucson Festival of Books.
If I got hella buff, learned mui thai, sliced a knife across my chest, and shaved my head. I whould be like sagat from street fighter
falling asleep with my window shades open and getting woken up by the sun at seven in the morning
umm yall better not leave me here!
About to head out to the meeting Tonight's going to be too sick!! Knifeparty starts @ 10:30pm, Don't be late!
Can i help you with this paqe ? I just really love RNG!
good question & I would like to see others in twitterland answer Mine is twitter but am becoming fond of Google's addition to the market
Sitting next to a lady feeding the pigeons in the park. Realizing the distinct possibility that I'm seeing my future life.
Full moon tonight- who's ready?
I thought those were nice sized breast on your profile pic but then I realised that they was your knees.DAMN :-(
Because it took like two seconds, and I thought it was pretty funny.
Okay, fess up, who took my keys.
I'm at bottom of 312
Just looked up the nutritional content for falafel and nearly fell out of my chair. 20g of fat?! Yowsa.
I'm so in love with Hayley Williams :)
victor halls. Poured for a good hour. Still had a fun time tho
:( Sad... would be great to see you again! Hopefully $$$ will fall down from heaven :)
I just discovered your magazine today. I love it.
Deffff need a Skype sesh with all my family in Spain. Miss them like no other!
Got some more shows in the works, another great practice and we are ready to go! Who is coming out to see us April 23rd?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! ❤
You'll be in San Fran, I take it?
thanks lovey! I can't wait to see y'alls in full make up and wardrobe!
I'm confused at what Lady Gaga is trying to be.
“: will do! Wish u could! Fuckkkkedd up” I know I did. It's my bad. Next week?
you forgot the "A long time ago..." LOL
And all those who attend will receive a “Free Drink" ticket for future use!
what is this from or for?
Pretty pumped bout Monday..goin to dollywood,the Hollywood wax museum n chow down at hard rock all with my girl friend..yea I love her!
just smells like it. I think he is rotting from the inside out. He has lupus. Poor Pasta. I think he needs some more teeth pulled
At the #CHRA2012 conference!
When people ask me, `Plz` because it`s shorter than `Please`, I tell them `No` because it`s shorter than `Yes`.
hope you don't mind my plugging your film on SM. I think it's well deserved. (read: don't you dare pull the post down :!)
Mike Brown is a great guy though, he just got that aura of a cool ass coach...but I'm a #LakerHater4Life so I can't say shit lol
hosting tip via Bill Geddie “Don’t look for affirmation from the audience ... half the country is cheering you on from somewhere else.”
Happy Wednesday! Really tired this week but getting my second wind.:-) How are you doing?
thank you so much for sharing our blog post!
So true! "Possible moral of the #Girls episode: Robyn heals all wounds. Second possible moral: so does Twitter." via
Thx for having & me. Look fwd 2 meeting up more!
You've done enough and you are enough
What do you know about the future of NXT?
Thursday night is the Reno WordPress Meetup group at 6pm! If you use, developer or design WordPress, we hope to see you there!
I was the only one in the room who cheered for that touchdown. I guess I'll never get football.
You resume should not have 36 bullet points for one job, nor should you include all the fundamental crap that is to be assumed.
kk and am I still in vid I sent mine in a week a go
for the project? I'm just doing a poster on poseidon.
Michael has encyclopedic knowledge of music.
Okay I've not even been at work 3 hours and have already made my sales for the day.
“: LilGirls These Days .”
#So #what.the.fuck I #hate #being #bored. #at #a #very #bored PrincessCiera
American Idol won't be the same without Colton. I hope my girl Skylar Lane wins. She's a ✰!
Can I use you as my personal scout? I want to know the places to go and what to skip when we go next month!!!
yeah, something with your logo etched into it would be pretty easy to make
#WeCantDateIf You Smoke.
"LOL, you actually BUY music? Hahahahahahaha"
If I won the lottery the first and only car I would buy would be a Toyota Yaris
I miss you too! I love you more Honey Bun!
Scream is a slasher from top to bottom. Cabin starts that way, ends very differently.
Thanks so much for following!
You said, you are the oppressor, thus the reason you will ALWAYS use Ni**a/Ni**er? It's hard to tell if you're serious.
Just when you think you're finished moving, you realize now you have to unpack.
Why settle for less when you can have it all.
RT Stop in for a quick chili cheese hot dog for only $4 during the Brewers game today! Starts at 12:10 so get out of the office!
Just finished 's Rin Tin Tin bio, the first book I've read thanking twitter followers in the acknowledgements. Books these days.
RT : “The first to apologize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. The first to forget is the happiest.”
I HAVE ONE TOO<3 its on my left side (:
Bo to for this: "Williams has come to love living in New York City (who can blame him after all those years in Utah?)"
Shades of "The Adjustment Bureau"
So my English teacher has connections to the Jonas Brothers...
sorry for the late reply btw, for some reason I never got a notification of your tweet!
Innovative QuickLift® Mini Facelift Procedure Now Available in Syracuse
Its some dirty people in this world
taking this late lunch out on a gravel road and into the country. i'll find a spot to admire nature and food <3
We saw your makeup mishap tonight & want you to know that artist was NOT from our company!
follow my bro i made his twitter... lol
yep! Canada! Damn u! Way too far to drive
Do you think Edward scissors hands died because he was running?
Team Milk Studios!!..see you tonight camera in hand of course ": Come thru its outside and free at The Standard hotel 8pm
theres things going around that u got drunk i hope thats not true but for now im no longer a belieber.
Good! I'll be rooting for you, thinking of you, hoping for you on the rough days, too.
Is Bowe off the table? Argh!
Congrats to , the newest committer to
we're all guessing the age of the old woman (per her request) sitting at the front of the 79.
I See How You Tweet People Saying "I Love You" Can I Be One Of Those Lucky People? :)
it really does.
So good!!! “: RT this if you just saw Blaine and Cooper Anderson sing "Somebody That I Used To Know" on #glee!”
Alright after New York, my wedding and Bali Indonesia, my month of fun is over. (sigh) Now back to work
ouch... late night with the Irish lads and lasses last night. Thank God alcohol was not involved. ;-) I blame and
wearing black today,I'm unhappy,wearing it until I move out of this house,living here makes me suicidal,what color reps suicidal more
RT: 82% of Americans would rather buy a cause-related brand!! --via
Ima wake up early and see what I can accomplish (:
Who knew that was a softie? Very down to earth -- love him as the new coach on
having to bring my clothes to the laundromat cause my dryer broke is so not the business...
"Oh my gosh your speakers just tickled my butt"-
We could probably do brunch too. Nutella pizza? Swoon...
bored as hell
woah. if you are talkin about the east side in nyc you are 100% mistaken.
that's probably why . Ugh I hate it!
Thanks for your fabulous blog post! Looking forward to reading more :)
Long, dragging Monday - now for the fun stuff: pilates then #Bachelor with and cray cray Courtney
Marlon Byrd got traded to the BoSox today :( I'm going to miss him. Such a sweet dude. Hope he busts his slump and tears it up in Boston.
Loving all the enthusiasm about me and at prom. Thanks, , for posting and helping me pick out my dress!
Tomorrow I should necessarily begin studying 4 my oral exams.
Twitter[dot]com is a bear of a resource hog.
My two cents: Gillian Flynn is ah-may-zing. LOVED Gone Girl. Just read it this week!
Boys <--Piss me off.
Golden Girls!
I rather replace my dead patnaz 4 u sleepy ass bumzz#lazy fuk$$$$
You aint about this life!
If your not going to give money to a panhandler just keep your mouth shut & ignore the person. Anything else makes you a douchebag.
I am still doing spring cleaning. I am not answering phones or emails till I am done. Started last night at 9 pm..almost done.
#nrb12 I blocked I just don't need to hear it.
That's crazy!' two goals in stoppage time!
I meant I'm gettin painted not Jerry! 11pm at Hydrate
and it's a hell of a lot better, than being 100% happy without someone to show us that there is a world of a difference
It is what it is and you can't try to make it into something its not.
"Let us remember that within us there is a palace of immense magnificence". -St. Teresa of Avila
Wake up call for my first day of shooting courtesy of Bay Area fault lines.
lol u got lucky today in P.E...thats y u almost beat me in basketball
Up next: #UNM Law school dean Kevin Washburn on Indian sovereignty and other important #Native issues in
#MyPastRelationships included a boy who messed around with a good frian of mine.
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you. RICHARD
aright. are you able to do a gig with us on saturday around 1 in the afternoon?
let me guess you got Floyd?
#resume #tips Be careful of job scams on Craigslist and other places that offer jobs without an interview.
"Spread your wings and fly as today was your last Give yourself what you never did before own it.....its your time now!!! -Tsikki
i hope you get better :) take a long walk, to get fresh air.
On break at #tedxhuntsville meeting all the great presenters and attendees
Drunken idiots combined with a bonfire is a recipe for disaster.
I do not remember that text mi RT : yea mih sure. U was there smiling at me tf? Lmfaooo. ...
Animals are my friends... and I don't eat my friends,
MT : Literacy used as a gatekeeper for credibility - not having background, language (literacy), to participate -
Spending my late afternoon Feel like I'm in good hands to rehab my shoulder.
Lost power for a few hours in the middle of the night, made me remember all of the things I like doing with electricity.
Watching Saved By The Bell
Thanks for visiting--hope you had a wonderful lunch.
I love 5 Guys Burgers 
HARRY STYLES
While we're at it: fuck hiccup remedies too.
sucks well I passed with a B :)
#mudmelt Lena: moved by Joan bringing mAterials from all over world together, putting in front of us. Has made her thnk of location.
Just got out of Planet Fitness
say hi to for me!
My pleasure Hugo. Glad the book is proving useful.
When girls are in the field trying to soak it up, then it starts to pour down rain.>
Wanting to fall over. When did four-day work weeks become so exhausting?
RT : Congratulations, Jim &Team:)
FUCK IT ALL.
Vacations are necessities, not luxuries. ~ Linda Bloom
RT : Writing is long periods of nothing followed by long periods of longing followed by periods.
When are you coming to Minneapolis???? My husband taught our 1 year old to say "Dad I want cereal"
When God gives u a KING or QUEEN don't reshuffle your deck of cards for a JOKER! 👸👑❤
no CO dates?!?
yeah, who needs their big boobs and flat stomaches anyway? Oh wait....
As a business owner, we refuse to get anymore bank loans &/or credit-lines - not a responsible way to run a successful business
smooth. very smooth. (;
House bound in bed ... So just watched a movie tonight.... Hugo.... OMG. Loved it!!! :D
Bye bye Hollie! p.s want the jumpsuit
hmm i think you're biased...
Decisions.... decisions!
u have the same birthday as my dad!! friday the 13th people rule!!
Jackson State University And The PVAMU Marching Band To Compete In Exhibition @ The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands-Houston 1/16/10
