OMG i can't believe you got that tatted on u homie lol thats cool tho! I think i'm goin 2 get Rascal210 tatted on my arm too
me too! In bed checking twitter. “: Trying to sleep in and I'm wide awake!”
The NFL draft had a ton of defensive picks. Heard it wins championships.
excellent! And happy belated Darwin Day :)
according to jeannie, dogs have periods. LLMFAOOO
Quick top of first. Reagan gets runner to third but don't score. Middle 1st: Carroll 0, SA Reagan 0.
more like any type of physical exertion
Everyone was SO EXCITED about the library!
Dreaming at 36,000 feet. X
it was nice seeing one of my clients BALLIN tonight! I hope you ankle is alright homie!
The odds are not in our favor today with skype video problems and then my phone dying
Commission is back from break. Will take up Technical and Outreach issues.
Hi lady! I met Judy Lucero today & found out she's in your Kiwanis. Got me thinking about you. Hope all is going good!
Don't worry, now there's more time to dream up more obstacles!
In stupid health with
Is it sad that this is 85% of the reason I would never go? The 15% is random rubbing.
- so awesome to see you -- and see you again in April!
hrrrmmmm "munchies" huh??!!
You are awesome!
yeah I noticed that. Strange.
Vibin' to I do I do I do!
I got nothing but I'm good
It's difficult when bananas eat monkeys.
When CSA survivors finally step out of the shadows and start talking its truly the first day of the rest of their lives.
I loved it.
Cool, clear and crisp air in Fort Worth, Texas. Hope everyone has a great evening.
Ready to take on the world. Refreshed and refocused.
happy birthday coach
A little late
I'm so close to 2000 followers! only a little over 100 more! ;) thank you all so much! how about if you give me a s/o! ill give one back!
Omfg I fucking hate this kid!
U know commercials are long when u forget what you're watching
DM me your email and I'll send the MS Word template to you.
Are you still coming to Tampa and are you still interested in talking. Let me know. Thanks.
SERIOUSLY STOP IT
It's all false love and affection....you don't like me you just want the attention.
yep, but I'm a fan of Library Love Fest and NetGalley for a long time.
I couldn't ask for funnier, smarter, more gorgeous ladies in my life.
thanks to mee
You mentioned "Thriller" and "Bad." lol
never been conceited...i've been quite shy for most of my life
Just sitting here and all of a sudden the Barney theme song is stuck in my head....I have problems...
yes, but if you lose the ball in your own half, that much closer for counter
aye. I gotta ask you something text me 9019495193
I Hate. I repeat I Hate Kenny Smith knees....
RT ": I'm at TD Garden for Los Angeles Lakers vs. Boston Celtics w/ 67 others" - low turnout.
home with plumbers working in my bathroom. there is now a big hole in my wall. matches the one in my life
I feel like being very bad today...
Very true observation on work vs. conference clothing!
bo! We wish you could come too 😢
Feeling headachy and sick this evening, so pooped out on doing laundry. Am trying to muster the proper enthusiasm for my p.m. routine.
...or she just ignored you! LOL JK!
Complete makeover for my clients new apartment at The Plaza.
#MyFitfoods for my post workout meal/second breakfast, I think yes!
Well another holiday down the tubes
Is Javy Guerra the new Jonathan Broxton for the Dodgers?
BOXES! WHY U NO UNPACKED?!
Don't blow it!
Neighborhoods -> obesity -> test scores, college enrollment and future wages for kids.
DS: you seriously need some spellcheck. You tried to clown us & spelled raisins wrong.
Meet and the cast! "Black Angels Over Tuskegee" special appearance at the Harlem Arts Alliance, Wednesday, April 18, 2012 Quarte…
Maybe the photograph of us in Portland, I don’t know. *blowing out a frustrated breath* While I was with you in Georgia…
- Conan rocks! Just learned how to cut and paste!
Just witnessed some guy get to 2nd base with that drinking fountain... Nasty
Franchise Tax Board: Downtown for a meeting and will discuss Twitter, FaceBook and YouTube. This will be a sample for my presentation.
is coughing... too much rain on saturday night?
next time I'll instagram it. :)
btw I like that your twitter isn't private any more.
Just in case you missed it earlier today. Anything we make on our Kickstarter these last few hours will go to help the indigenous tribes.
when people dont reply
Yey! its the weekend
Listening to and brief volunteers on today's legislative activity. Thanks to everyone that contacted their Rep.
Only 37 more days until the 137th running of the Kentucky Derby! Have you purchased your hat yet?!
Opportunities are precious!
Happy Mother's day to all the mother's around the world! Remembering always your calm, inner centre, but forgiving yourself when you forget.
Goodnight sleep well
GREAT idea, thanks!!
So I got an email from saying if I reserve movie online i would get free rental code. It's been 2 weeks and nothing yet? Why ?!
watched it - good work DDF!
excited to play the Hard Rock Hotel tonight with by more awesomeness this weekend ( at the Green Mill)!
Omg. Only like 20 peeps a head of me to meet him. We will be best friends for sure
Got my ass kicked (again) this morning at Isn't supposed to get easier now that I'm a "veteran"?
you tweeted me and woke me up. Courtney, I got this problem, i wanna talk more but I gotta get off twitter.
Tuesday: We call "ALL" unsigned talent to the stage. Club Pyramid: 101 Ave. A. BTW 6&7 St. (Lower East Side, NYC). Sign up 8PM, 18+, $10-
If 25 people tweet back to me ill have a giveaway on my #youtube tweet baby tweet!! :-)
sorry for delay, u got a lot of videos which one u want featured.
“: So I'll just tweet today... Not too many calls or text are gonna be answered sorry”it be like dat!
God give me patience
Everything you are, makes you beautiful.
Hate red lights!
quit being so busy and hangout.
you. are. so. funny.
I know they'll break my heart in April again, but I gotta say that I'm liking the Capitals starting the yr 7-0.
Sweatshirts are really hard to set on fire.
Gimmie ha twitter name RT : I bet yall won't @ the bitch
IM READY FOR ALFREDO TO MAKE ME SMILE AND MAYBE FOLLOW ME PLEASE.......love you <3 gotta #BELIEVE right
Luck is when preparation meets opportunity. www.Rshamar.com
didn't see anything..
I agree. Yeah it's inconsistent and i don't understand the punishments for the crimes.
that was pretty fun!
Netflix down for anyone else? Service disruption in Pittsburgh. Is this why I am supposed to pay double the price?
It feels good when you can finally train your heart to not feel pain. Heart so worn it got calluses
you all know louis is tired of the carrot shit, right?
Hah. That's another doozie. I expect I will be unconsciously humming some sort of mash-up shortly.
Whats wrong honey?
hey, no I wasn't! I had knocked out >.<
Phantom of the Opera, Beauty&the Beast, Wicked and Lion King and Next to Normal are some of mine!
Are you providing personal valet parking services at tonight if it's raining?
omg, I'm tired too. You better get that paper done tho. lmfao. OMG DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE SIGNING THING!
Ugh if y'all knew the story you'd be venting
"I can see two of you and it's fucking awesome"
Genre you like?
Linking my belief to something that is higher then l
WHO'S NEXT? Let the beast feast!!!!!!!!
Thanks for SO, Hilton!
yes check your inbox
Also, can release to public domain at any point if bk isn't selling and we don't want to do any more editions.
good how are you ☺
Thanks so much for the
my goodness look at that view .
Simon, great to connect with you! Please let me know if you would like to read any of my work. Best, Matthew
please don't hate me! :/
Girls wearing sorority sweatshirts automatically make me less attracted to them.
8th National Championship! WOW!!!! Bring on #9!
One of those days.
Happy Monday! Our hibachis will be fired up in 34 short minutes!
ha what's up witchu?
haha. think of a smart car going off roading..thats me
Stopping for drinks/eats ? Our gallery's right next door for an artful break. Enter at green awning. Open till 6pm today!
Considering it! RT : Get a Cafe Cubano... :) That always works!
ima go to the As vs Dodger game coming up. I'll let you know incase you wanna roll
you dont forget troubles, you either push them in the closet and wait for them to grow into issues, or handle em like an adult right now.
Did you know we're open early? Really early! 6:30am Monday through Thursday!
Looking forward to Gardenscape this weekend. Stop by and see the display we designed for Unique Garden Sheds.
Coffee can jump start your mind...but not your body.
So excited to see my Morgan 4 neighbor and alum Casey Hayward get drafted by the Packers. So cool.
Cleaning out today and making donations to Goodwill and Friends of the Library. It's a good thing!!
Free posters limited time only
Raza, lets make our own film about Chuey starring Marc Anthony as Jesus & J Lo as Mary, the whore Mary not the virgin Mary.
"Arent you glad you have a mind.....?"
awesome!! Please spread the word brother! Like us on fb! Be blessed!
hey Bill, how r u? long time no talk. Miss seeing you around eworld. How's your year going? Drop a line from time to time
'he' and 'asshole' tend to go together...
I'm jumping out the window...I'm letting everything go.
Hahahaha nice RT Has anyone checked on the Creation Museum?
DayQuil, NyQuil, oj, and cough drops!!! Hopefully I get well ASAP!
Fucn dying lol : This nigga wanna know my favorite color...because?? Um yeah, Im a need u to stfu talkin to me.. and now!"
It's a warm summer day! Great opportunity to take some beautiful I <3 Art photos...
Nutrition is the Secret to the Cure...
#youknowyouareagolferwhen while packing you find is tees and golfballs everywhere
come home already!!
He is one insecure ass nigga smh. Starting to blow the fuck out of me
It's okay to hit a female but don't hit her with all your might
Can't wait till the finals to see my favorites back!!!!!
hey bro. What's the name of these Apartments so I can check them out.
Would like to take the time and wish everyone a Merry Christmas. i hope it was a joyful one, and that the merryment was plentiful!
SCREW OVARIES JUST GET IN ME ALREADY MAKE ME HAVE MY LAST ORGASM OF MY LIFE
Why they play half of the song -Refill !!!! ????
Google Voice gives you one number for all your phones, voicemail as easy as email, free US long distance
oh wow! I love them :D
and then there were nine!
You are on the right path.
um...that was supposed to include "MUTUAL!"“: I like you.”
Congrats on 2 followers!
Finally finished my homework :D
I love to sing and dance; I love the whole process of putting on a production. :--)
Thanks for sharing! It's hard not to love a pooh bear!
Your tweet just went viral and so did this one...
I mentioned this Boeing Hanger is big - but President just said you can fit Disneyland inside
Thanks for the RT
Ouch. Don't tell the landlord that. Still blame it on USPS.
I hope you get ran over by a train (:
yayayayayyy!!! I can't wait! I've always wanted to take your course, as I adore everything you do!
yes, I am happy.
On Friday. invite Your Friends. If You're gonna forget, invite them now..... We're connecting with the U.K. It's badass. Only 1 in The U.S.
Not a problem. Always supportive of #realmodels. Delight is mine. #FollowFriday RT : Thanks
~smirks~ I dunno...the waves don't seem good enough fir surfing to day..
Shit, KY won the National Title tonight? I was paying more attention to Miami chanting "Yes! Yes! Yes!" nonstop for on
that is awesome! Scarlet smile is amazing as well! And to our knowledge first UK fan. Is it nice over there?
It would be MUCH harder to but itz like, u just assume cause u on a bed I want u naked?! Let me order from the menu myself..thx.
😓😥 i love you thing thong! I miss you!
Congratulations, Auntie!!!!! ;)
please follow she is you biggest fan!77
"Surrounded by Idiots!" - Richard Danielpour's prelude about life in New York City, played by the brilliant pianist Xiayin Wang, now on CNE
I only check it out cause it was beat other than that I give that shit 4 thumbs 👎👎👎👎
that sly SOB. Do send pics.
Where am I supposed to be in 5 years? Does He have a plan for me? Why hasn't it started already?!
Its going great how bout urs? :P
Challenge from Stephen Elliott: don't just be "new', be meaningful
how much do I want to be in Chicago right now!!
tomato cages go for about fifty cents. I'll save you an easy seedling.
30 minutes straight elliptical. 3,044 strides @ setting 10/2. Still cold turkey diet pop. Water n iced tea.
Lunch was good now what's for dinner?
Tech Council Of Maryland Honors Jim Tholen as CFO of the Year At ...
See re Forest Park kidnappings alert
that'd be a hoot. All these spoons clinking bowls in a quiet, dark room.
We're at 5000 ft - he will be just fine!
Wow Josh Chavarria called me obese :(
you tell me!
Sweet. Thank you. I'll check it out!
they will win another before that happens
Starring at a mess of surely important papers wishing they would just dissipate or self ignite.
Seen on the hasthtag feeds: "I didn't ask you to follow me #blocked." Sure showed that person.
Watching the MJ court case and heard the best line. the guy on the stand was asked did he have a copy of paper He said NO I hope you do'''
Dear Aunt TUAW: Help me drive with Siri | TUAW - The Unofficial ...
7:37. Sound like a plan?
Lamb stroking that bitch
The pink heart one? That's our dog's dish. I have a little round bowl with fish on it. Hey! I want a pink heart dish, MOM!!!
PS: Don't die out there, K?
So looking forward to meeting you too !
just bc yu N Chris brown beat us back in the day dnt mea i cant dunk yo ass now
Hi! Were new to Twitter & Old Town. Come taste our scrumptious fro yo!
Still cloudy haha, have an offer in Miami, potentially a couple more back in LA, and still plugging away apps allover. You?
Better now? (lishost) one of the servers was fubar for a while. Load is back to normal now, and your site looks good
asked my dad to cut me some watermelon, all i see is him assasin a watermelon with a ninja sword, wth! :o lol
Beauty and the Beast was nominated for an Emmy in 1991 but lost. 70's teen idol Robby Benson is the voice of Beast.
I WAS JUST ABOUT TO SAY THAT. YOU SHOULD GO ON OOOOOVOOOO(;
I'm such a go getter
Just launched the new towel yesterday ... Had my first sale of 3 today
weekends with >>> 
Classic. *photography
RT : fish with the cooking oil already in. >hadn't thought of it that way.But I don't like to eat fish anyway.catch n release
hey peeps in Green Bay & surrounding areas: DRIVE SLOW! Roads are slick!
Library basement: compensating for my test on wednesday and the weather.
please follow? i love you so mucho
and the caption title is all wrong, it should say "OC LOSERS" haha I'll think about it
Our interns are praying the fire of evangelism, the power to reach The One over all the people of
Oh, I see I didn't miss much by not watching this Boston v Philly game thru three quarters.
Soul Asylum Studios!! AKA #TheCastle "Where Kings Rise" !!
why does he run a keylogger on her computer? so yeah i know all that too
Good morning everyone have a happy Friday
#ThoseDaysWhen you just need to get away.
:O they're disgusting! Lol
That's the only good thing that came out of that
I'm thinkin bout cooking homemade egg rolls, chicken fried rice, orange chicken & mayb sweet & sour chicken as well!!! Love 2 cook & eat
The ATL can't handle The Truth.
dont shoot the dad, don't shoot the dad!
42% what? Is this a racial joke?
you are so awesome 4good 4ever friends jejejeje i am a little monster
and friday im not too busy in the daytime.
okay you got me what do I need to explain
i guess he was right.. i do miss him :(
i say what's on my mind i don't care if it offends you. And if i don't like, trust me i wont pretend to . -Drake
2011.07.26 #Brewers 3 #Cubs 2 | So sweet back at home / Ax man ties Brewer record / with 25th straight
watching tear it up for GB right now
I hope this twin of mine have no enemies out here cause everbody greeting me as "Mathew I see u been hitting the gym hard!!!!! " Lol
- Thanks for the RT!
I cant believe I am about to vote lol
I just want what I can't have.
You're Boring. I want to see other cities. ... You're Dull. And you're only a hamlet.
sent it bro!
DO NOT over cook it, just till it turns slightly transparent. Best breaded with mayo then in panko crumbs.
#SongsThatMakeYouWannaFight Troll song.
you too, my dood #TEAMNUKEM brand cottage cheese, ftw
Agreed! RT : I am shocked to my bones at his witty and fidgety displays.This world is on the verge of precipice
Ok headed to the gym now do make sure your getting the "beach body" in shape for your first bikini day xo
I went out to buy pillows and baskets and came back with a huge dragon statue instead. #Bali is the land of impulse buying!
Did you find the missing gifts?
sick! Is this your first fight? If not, do you have any on youtube?
I don't like the 2-3-2 NBA format either. The team with home court advantage for the series doesn't have it thru 5 games
Drap it to the flo make that ass shake, make the ground move thats an Ass-Quake
whats wrong with H&M ?
hm....3 anime dudes i should date...ok! 1. Len Kagamine(14 years old and a great singer!)-vocaloid 2. Sora (Change of heart!)...
I work for shady fucking people
And it's good to see joining the fun...
Today I celebrate my third anniversary being married to my wife Jewel, my caramel sweetheart. Happy anniversary, darling. Love you forever.
Yeah, I know I have no chance at meeting him. Ha. I just want to know why they made a wedding for a couple all about her.
you my friend are too kind. Thanks for the shout out & encouragement! Unicorn magic coming your way.
you really had commitment to the Ramona lifestyle! I kind of want to reread them, actually.
LOL! nice one.
another way to look at interning/volunteering is that, with experience, you know if you really want the job or not.
I am soo excited to get out of high school.
My head is feeling heavy. Make it go away.
Come to the next psychic fair April 17th and 18th from Noon to 8P.M. at the Pyramid of Enlightenment
You ain't got enuff money!! get big!
For our fashion friends, who are some of your favorite designers?
relaunch is still coming for it was put on backburner with a new App launching CherryPickApp.com cc:
just remember what they pay their staff, that should provide sufficient context
we're fine without V though
My nigga I'm
Thats that shit that drives me crazy.
haha yeaah! I wanna be 1D friends with everyone who goes tomorrow! Even though so far it's five people.. lol x
To be nobody-but-yourself -- in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else -- means to fight the
Sanjay, the Indian wife beater, headbutts his wife at 7.30 every night......on the dot
Going with the family to our first Tiger's game of the season! Go TIGERS!
can I video chat you?? am such a big fan and ily!!!:)I have to ask you a important question??!!:)Ty!!ILY!
The new version of Ubuntu OS based on Linux looks very interesting. I might just do a dual install on my home PC.
something in your eyes is making such a fool of me.
damn. I would be livid. Move to a better neighborhood.
and the man speaks..well...types.
Its a shame everyone's home for break and not getting a load of my sweet new haircut.
Holy shit. AND #AtTheSameDamnShow!? I must be in attendance.
swamped with Mothers Day crowds be careful haha
I agree Moriah - too many self-absorbed people these days. Seems to be the "trend" or something. Sad. :(
#Cain says "I've seen women sexually harass men." Yes, that's how it usually goes, b/c it's so hard 4 a woman in restaurant biz to get laid
Dog park with Banchi. Love Vegas today sunny and 72
Ever wanted to ask Pres. Madison something? My pal is meeting him tonight. Ask with ->
love it. I'm dedicated to my Apple products!
...learning fast...never a dull moment...
Pipeline - Iron Monkey Men & Crab Women Augie sits with the second collection of Matt Fraction and Salvador Larroca's "The Invincible Iro
Na I'm at West End Johnnies it's bumping right now. They have a guest DJ from Canada name DJ Flash and he's killing it!
We live in a society where bacon makes grown folks happy!! LOL
what's that mean?
I'm telling you.... Biron SUCKS!!!!
Inside of every old person is a young person that says, "What the hell happened?" Happy Birthday Big Bry!
I never lost as much weight as when either physically or emotionally sick. Apparently I've been well for a while. :-)
Congrats #notredame. 2nd is the first loser.
Cheers Evan. :D
Somebody plz tell kaiyon to go back to sleep!!
Stadium Jumping and Dressage. I made a choice long ago to become a pro rider here instead due to the lack of family support.
I just made the most delicious cookies ever!
These things take a while bc we need to re-report, write, edit, etc.
CONGRATULATIONS TO THIS YEAR'S GRADUATES! Your success means the world to us and we can't wait to celebrate with you on Sunday!
I jumped on their waitlist right away. I suggest stalking their facebook page for tickets.
"Do not wait for extraordinary circumstances to do good action; try to use ordinary situations."
To all the people who think that I starve myself... I just ate: A bag of triscuts, elios pizza, apple sauce, three twinkies and a salad
Humidity. The ultimate #southerngirlproblem. Unfortunately today it´s also a
NEW STUFF UP IN MOJO'S WORLD!!! New -- Rock&Roll Quiz, Music Video of the Day, Mojo's TV Clip, New Pic of the Day & a new Jigsaw puzzle!
Hello personal twitter account. It has been far too long.
I agree with that.
pirates Saturday with Ron and Brent?
So I was brushing my teeth & I gagged on my toothbrush a tad which led me to throw up. I was pretty excited! Breakfast round 2!
Renting a car in LA is flipping redonkulous. Costs as much as to fly there in a damn airplane.
Maybach Corporation™ Coming Soon.
i agree c:
Happy Greek Easter!!!
Blogging for check out "Two Moms at Comic-Con" preview night at www.kprifm.com
We are about to have band rehearsal. Working on new songs today!
It happens to be the birthday of my favorite person on the planet. Happy birthday, !
Ha! 2's not enough? How many do u guys have now? I am enjoying getting bits of my life back.
:( because my boyfriend would get upset with me.. lol
Tried to suffocate a Bitch... Sat on a Face.. Great head game.
RT Today's secret(not-on-menu)flavor is DC CUPCAKES BANANA SPLIT!! Order it by name, and it's FREE! 100/ location, 1/ customer
Just gave away 2 shirts on Facebook. Go like us now! Get updates, specials and info!
one of us, write a some lyrics of any song, and guess who the singer is,
J. Cole Debuts At Number 1, Pushes 217k (AllHipHip News) J. Cole has finally arrived, as the young rapper managed to move over 217, 000 o
babe lets burn this world to the ground and make our own and i know that itll be perfect cause itll be just you and me
yeah I like that one too!
Now it's over! #Broncos can now start climbing back to the top.
The US is the only major country in the industrialised world that doesn't guarantee healthcare to all of its citizens.
Funding for Oasis exhibition in Paris is "getting closer"! ONLY 4 more day, Original drawings and paintings for your support!...
Is the hotest guy from one direction!
Thats wzup... I appreciate the info.. Lets network and make it happen!!
I must say, for entertainment, the #CollegeSlam college dunk contest is the best idea ESPN ever invented.
thanks! glad you enjoyed!
where at?!
You do not have to behave like a wild animal in the zoo in order to get your point across.
RT : Sarah Palin once had sex with a basketball player. Good for her. Can we get back to talking about her shitty politics?
Very - but needs polish & packaging
I think it's evident I will probably never be a hipster, but I reserve the right to borrow some of their clothes and steal their music.
You can erase someone from your mind, but getting them out of your heart is another story.
I get it, Tammy. You shop books on price. Kinda like the wine customer who buys a box of Gallo. Sorry to lose you as a reader.
Everyone can be passionate but it takes a real lover to be silly..
Hollddd up . . . .So this woman doesn't wanna take me to the store???
its funny how bon iver grew on you
In the same way, let your good deeds shine out for all to see, so that everyone will praise your heavenly father. Matthew 5:16
thank you for spreading yoga love
S/O to my new followers
Funny. Whenever interviewed Bubba, he had around 240,000 Twitter followers. Welp, that's changed a little now. Try 440,000.
I love windy Boston today.
Everything will be okay in the end. If its not okay, its not the end.
She has a “sourire radieux” (radiant smile) and a “pétillante” (sparkling) personality
'i don't have time to go out between now and 6 o'clock ' translation... 'i want to stay in and play mass effect 3'
i wanna move to cali, quite honestly it's beautiful there!
is your real name Samuel, because that would be soo funny.
I'm driving from the hotel , parking is gunna suck though :/
how many shirts should we make though?
Bout to change my twitter name
A solid effort so far thanks to Harrellson stepping up his game. GO CATS!
I'm amazed at how much work is in involved in taking 1 little week off.
can anyone do a #SHOUTOUT for me?
the things I would do to your sweet ass!! Its perfect!!!
Thnx for suggesting restaurant. This place looks amazing! It's definitely being added to my list for the graduation!
Did you know you can borrow my book for free on Amazon Prime and Kindle Lending Library?
Forgot my moms birthday, injured, and can't to te party of the year. FML.
hey got your message! need to postpone this idea, will let you know when we organize our thoughts better haha.
Look at him(;
Bush didn't try. Entered a war he knew was wrong. Now many have died.
Tomorrow is Mother's Day? Prepared?
Today is recording day: final touches on new video coaching that will empower athletes to play in the zone!
Jennifer Grey's career really went downhill after her nose job.
"Flexibility is the antidote for uncertainty" - Alison Moore, VP Process & Product Engineering, Amgen
So, what am I supposed to be doing now?
Hello? City equalize!!
Every body gotta learn from themselves n ur own mistake ain't nobody gonna hold ur hand thru life get up on ur own too feet
follow me??
much like paid likes/followers, paid reviews/ratings are events, not customers. No app feedback, evanglisim, etc.
Online Marketing Jobs Center Celebrates Launches in Germany on May 1st With ... - SBWire (press release)
Thurs., March 29, 4 p.m., 271 CSH, Biotechnology Seminar: "Responses of Arteries to Altered Blood Flow and Pressure."
Smh. I knew that was coming. Lbvs
want to raise awareness about how basic reading skills can bring millions about of poverty. can u give us a plug on ur radio?
Congrats! That's awesome! (Sorry for the late response - been out sick...)
so excited you were able to come tonight for the pageant
Beautiful afternoon in the burgh! Stopping by Klavons in the strip for some ice cream!
No, wait juice in my locker
how am I NOT following you.. I swear twitter be messing up sometimes.... I was following you before.. sowry
when i look at a guy, the first thing i look at is the feet, nails, hair, and teeth.
Changing a culture is a long and arduous task. "Rome wasnt built in a day" hard to find the all the answers at once.
Gallardo is no
Yes! We're at home the next couple games, which i'm hoping pays good dividends.
you read my mind cause I wad just about to tell your ass that you're fake !
Apple is apparently packaging Project Gutenberg's Public Domain library with the iPad
haha omg, that is so her!
One of the finest forms of rebellion is living an unconventional life. /via
that's good! I play soccer sometimes, but I'm just working out now
The first coffee shop in London was established in 1654 and was called Oxford’s Queen’s Lane Coffee House. It is now a Jamaican restaurant.
I'd have to be insane to pass up an eve with you, , and after hours! sadly, I might be insane ;)
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation!
Neva plan yo future a head of time the shit bad luck..
got a feelin my girl cheatin but she act like she behave but when a nigga leave she gone act amazed but i guess some shit dont change!
I just love too much!
It's alright. Too bad you had to see this game.
serious inquiry add me to ur creative new media team.
So. Freaking. Jealous. RT : Digging into a Blood Orange Chobani at the plant just made my day!
some people really need to watch what they say especially on the internet. like seriously.
Preorder the new MIS joint on itunes right now! It officially comes out tomorrow so get it now!
#awesomerandomfact RT : It looks to an observer as if you're saying "I love you" if you mouth the word "colorful".
Looking for inspiration to reach your goals? Go watch the movie "Soul Surfer"
we are looking for more servers in brea at cheesecake
Hey Dave, I have a story idea I wanted to run by you. Mind if I shoot you an email?
I wish karma would come back to you already, but it hasn't.
Thanks to Brian at on colonial in Orlando, I'm starting a new gym membership this weekend. Too long dealing with planet fitness!
and now im logged in
-What state you in?
im bout to twitter rape you. Lmao
I always think of when I pass by Hubertus.
The Two Requirements for a #Rule 1 Investment is: 1-Wonderful business 2- Attractive price. -Phil Town
Happy Easter Everyone (:
“: Last #newgirl episode of the season is on tonight at 9/8c!” What? Well, the Mayan apocalypse can begin tomorrow.
Which incarnation? I can watch "Next Generation" anytime!
True but Tbone rarely needed relief. Either way it's fun to think about
#TeamTexans my prediction jags get murdered by Andre Optimus Prime Johnson o yea
then you should send me one! ;-)
hell yea girl I'm getting done,getting faded!!! I have 3 more blunts to go, wyd?
Now I want to put something with a ridiculous rainbow text shadow in there...
3 New song now ready for your ears. Check them out, let me know.
Michel Hazanavicius – The Artist wins Best Director. #Oscars. My Personal pick Woody Allen, Midnight in Paris
#YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf all you do is complain about people tweeting too much. This is twitter, not facebook.
Thanks for the #FF love!
#np notorious big - spit your game
I like how the internet has its rhythms. Weekend relax, week explode.
True. RT : Bummed out? listen to Iron Maiden and Ministry. Instant happiness.
I just realized our usernames are in the same format, hee!
Lmfao. Yeah, remember when 516 was king?
organizing, storing, packing, planning for September. 9 work days to go!
Ramona's class is at 2pm thurs, so depends on when we are done, not sure if she needs us, would be nice to see guest, fri was better
I think should be a wine investor. Sine Qua Non is up her alley!
the feeling when the person you're laying next too is knocked out & you're wide awoke ....
Cleaning the house like a boss!!
Rebel Morris sounds like a sharp-shooter in a Western but she is a former paralegal doing a bang-up job with her blog on the unidentified.
Boys had fun at the USA game, now its one to our first scrimmage. Hope International comes to Oxy for a 3 pm kickoff!
R.I.P. Uncle Leo.
Troy City Council: Stalemate — No quorum, no business
“: McMillian played SS at Maine and was gunner on special teams” -- with dreadlocks. Gotta have 'locks to play safety.
They're all retired military though so they've earned the right to say whatever they want.
Don't forget, we also have gift baskets and gift cards available for the holiday season!
• Bwahaha...injury plagued.career bruh...I should be good for the summer league tho...lol
RT Bent with 5 goals thus far this year close to making it 5 players in last 5 seasons with 6+ goals in EPL.
Playing at Red, White and Bluezz in Pasadena tonight with Ian Martin on bass! 6:30-9:30. Who's Oscar? Never heard of him.
I mean yeah i guess ! lol
In honor of the royal wedding, I am going to drive on the wrong side of the road today! Be on the look out!
I ain't with the rappin you gotta show me something
k, <3 I'm gonna fly to my aunts right now and go to ur house<321
ridiculousness!!>>> :D bahahahaha
#ImHopingThat dinner is in my near future. I need to feed.
Teach for America info session TONIGHT 6-7 in the Stamp’s Prince George’s Room. Learn how you can improve communities and boost your career!
Seein dmx break down like this crazy. I feel for him I can't wait to see him sit with his mama next week.
I hate waking up hungry.I never used to. Hoping that this coffee kicks in. For lunch: salmon & veggies.Trying to be better about what I eat)
I look like a damn Christmas present today! Bucky red cap & Paddy's green tee. Go Bucky! Go Beer!
nice pic, how have you been ? Miss u much!
Of course its dark chocolate. Dark and mysterious like the Angel himself.
i luv u more than u will eva know
I don't like you don't breathe my air.
Tea Pot Lounge Blow Out Sale - $30 an 8th: $220 oz All Top Shelf Meds
But is that hot dog u consumed an approved NYT food police certified dignified meal? It's a dog you know, u should check!
ldapsearch: pretty handy, but behaves very differently based on distro and version number.
Cool story, congrats on appearing in the Times
Yu Aint Doing Jack, Yu Need To Get Out Of Here.... Lmaoo, Mr. Harris Funny!
Thx for coming! RT : Sanford-Burnham Stem cell event w and fun peeps (@ Del Mar Racetrack)
I am thinking about printing a promo card in invisible ink. Discuss.
I'm going to Kansas City, Kansas City here I come
#ThingsThatIWantToHappen - my crush falling in love with me.
Come to Viper Alley in Lincolnshire tonight for us and the great FRANKIE BALLARD!
#Blastoffnetwork just added ShockHound to the mall with up to 3% cash back!
Finishing up some #cabinets in a high end home. Let us give your kitchen a facelift too.
Thanks for the RT today.
Top-of-the-Week Tip: Here 's How to Style Leggings for Parties Every week, mystyle staffers, readers, experts and stars offer their fave
Every step I take will be of thinking of you
Under 50 bucks at whole foods, ALL I DO IS WIN.
haha I'll cry with you girl(: and I better be b/c were fangirling buddies now!<3
we wondered if it was cold. Way to tough it out!
Justin did really good. I can't wait for the believe tour. Might get backstage passsess.
i lovee waking up at 6 to go to work
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us. Without their great talents this would not be possible!
probably Davis and Miller! Hate Jones and Lamb leaving too! But sure don't blame them!
Since I'm so amazing, I'll be giving away "TTSF fan" bracelets that I make myself to the two people who tell people to follow me the most.
Would like to pause to remember how awesome #socialmedia is & how awesome my connections are ;) #shamelessplug on how cool my life can be!
#KONY2012 #stopkony now in Emory Clark Hall room 111! Come get your seat now!
Wanna Goto Dave And Busteta And Eat
If you help with the housework, sure.
“: I'm pretty sure I just ran over a bird.”
Boxes and square layout elements are your tyranny
What's up broadripple??
follow me back..thanks
Best Printing Prices in New York***** www.800printingnyc.com > 1-800-PRINTING is New York's #1 Printing Company
hey babe! <3
My Mother's Day morning starting off with breakfast in bed #lovin it
thank u too
Anyone see the new Directv commercial? The one with the guy & the eye patch. Did you think it was weird? I'm just not sure.
thats a great looking board you got there! I see you used Dorkbot PDX - mind if I ask cost of board? About to use them myself :)
Welcome to my house party.
Good Night. Hope you had a Happy Bday!
Nice chica! Was Charlie there?? ;)
Thanks for the Mention!
Great Lineup Tonight on NWST with : on #Seahawks #Tebow and on #Blazers and Howard Non-trade KONG 11pm
Will you keep my friends grandfather in your prayers? He is a veteran and he had a major heart attack last night? Please?
Davy Jones he made it to heaven today.. He was a fun Monkee RIP
I'm in full support of change, unless it's to me.
RT "If a person reads things thinking it's about them, then they're guilty of something" so freakin true! lol
yeah I got it late, that's why I didnt hit you back.
It's so nice to have a bunch of smart folks say "jump, we've got your back."
Do it
1 year $2 million $1 million guarantee TO Yes / no
I guess man....
hi new friend. I can see u indeed. :-)
If you are just now watching #AskScandal GET OFF TWITTER!!! We are in here telling it!!!!
lol me too;) soon for sure!!!
Nitrous oxide: like being drunk, and time moves in fast-forward. Wouldn't do it again. Now recovering, on painkillers.
You must be REAALLLYYY bored.
Going to test out some new stuff at an open mic tn
I see young journalists who if they knew the finished product would be something they cld use, would do more tutorials
Maiden Minnesota was so great. If you didn't go this year, get tickets next year! (The swag bags were hard to lift. Seriously)
also civil rights.
I've laughed at the preview. Don't think I'll watch it until it comes on HBO
I had the best valentine today :) got so many kisses and hugs from my little man  he's the only man that'll ever have my heart.
Love u guys!! We all workout, run, bike, exercise - WHY??? Because we LOVE to EAT (and tweet) lol
Welcome back to
COULD YOU PLEASE FOLLOW MY COUSIN <3
Made it safely to Orlando! Jack is scared to walk on Florida grass.
Finished Math FINALLY, Deleting Myspace, then Bed. Cant wait to wake up in 3 1/2 hours.
go pack go love you ryan gryant
as long as he is a triple threat - singer, actor and dancer :))))
please follow me :)
So happy for you!
Apple will replace an iPhone if it's the first time it's happened. Google it for rules...
IN Quotes: "In order to succeed, your vision must be bigger than your fears."
If the US is so uber religious, why don't we get #Easter #Monday off? #Australia's probably laughing at us right now...
First time at #napolese. Kind of excited!
no worries kenz, but you've been missed x
I could really go for some #mcdonalds right now
Playing hangman through texts > (: haha.
Ugh so full
Respond different all 25 times lol RT : Seriously have received the SAME email from the SAME coach 25 times today!
Cup-o-joe, breaking down script, groovin' to , and watching rock quinoa crusted lamb. ADD bliss, thank you!
yeah it does :)
haha I just saw this. What's up?
~Thanks for #FF! Have a great weekend~
cant b a major league & will never compete w NFL bcuz of inconsistency in apply rules Coaches Q & Tort get fined 4 free speech really?
I will lock myself up and never come out
Im just saying though
Having "one of those days". Hope to feel better tomorrow.
Dear diary: The water in the pool is a little chilly today, but extremely refreshing. I let the wait staff go early.
Slut: a woman with the morals of a man.
So...you should get on the chick in HR to hire me at Kil
your walkup music? Did you lose a bet?
Roger Goodell upholds the suspension of Sean Payton, Joe Vitt and Mickey Loomis.
happy hour tomorrow? You should come check out the office too. Unless you're classing it up again at carnegie hall...
Thanks, but I'll continue my search. I've seen your interior decorating. RT>>>>“: I got ya big guy!”
Just ran into the homie Much love to the fam
"If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader."
Hello 87 degree Durham, NC.
You know how batman would get the bat signal. A baby's cry is kinda like that to
The night awaits you.
How you doing Mr. Victor I was wondering if you were looking for one more artist to manage? Please let me know Ill send music.
Social media & sports
Good to have you here! Welcome!!
Okay are we ready to RAMble? Let's go
I love all these solid teams losing it when they play us. Our forecheck and defense is amazing. This is how a Stanley Cup team plays.
Your welcome.
lol how did what go?
i like to talk and talk and talk
I wanna know the things you're thinking, I wanna be at the place where you are
Thanks for the follow!
#SinceIamBeingHonest I really don't care what 99.99999% of people have to say about 99.9999% of the time
Now we can settle this like you got some class…or we can get into some gangsta shit, Charlie Brown
"Something tells me a lot of laundry will be done this evening," VP of Finance George Latter said in email
Ryan Brown, you've won a Tier 3 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
Eric, thank you for voting for us. Because of people like you, we made it! We are playing the Hard Rock. More info later.
damn sis I c u got haters smdh
Many thanks, , for you will soon be the most comfortable randonneur on the roads.
And neither one of them sings.
Good morning, sweetheart.
$12 Tuesday Time! Any 18" 2 topping pizza is ONLY $12 all day long.
Oh i feel like going for a walk.
I can, but I also like a hard copy of it too
...oh I love this photo shoot already cannot wait to see the final product!
#BeforeYouExit love you guys ♥♥♥♥♥ bye! x
maybe....maybe not...
unfortunately, 3) zealots are immune to logic
Congratulations James. You have signed up for the Missouri Hunter Education Course.
RT RT : Sometimes I like to pretend I can drive like the fast and the furious guys ⚠??⛽??
Find an exercise activity u enjoy and u'll b more likely 2make it part of ur daily routine.Remember 2stay balanced by eating a healthy diet!
Wow, hey Jenny, long time no see!
You betcha! That's the way it works. And he did it with almost no money: $299,934,223,432!
The size isn't the problem. Like you'd know. Ha ha ha.
Whaddup S to the Faber! I had lunch with DNL last week, we were talking about you.
#wordoftheday Reconnoiter (v) To make an inspection or observation. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
ok jew
I love 's new "I hate change" button.
Happy Birthday to one of our stars Bryan Becker!!
Bout to be a benedryl kinda night. #can'tsleep
RSVP for the Kevin Turner Foundation Golf Tournament on April 23rd in Nashville and the Superstars and Cigars party on April 22nd!
ok ur weird oh so ur listin to noahs song lol how was the flight???? Miss ya
I was afraid of that. ~Celebrate good times. Come on~
wow 1,500 likes thanks everyone.
i still haven't been able to stop smiling. :D
Improv line of the day: "these bathrooms are close together"
Did Culberson do anything tonight? Like seeing #FlyingSquirrels actually getting a big league start.
Wesley Matthews says he's "excited" about Gerald Wallace's return to the Rose Garden tonight.
Every tree counts - let's keep on planing!
We love how #madmen still applies to us!
I eat way too much sugar! Any helpful tricks to kick the habit?
LOL! :) Do you have Knerd t-shirt? If you'd like, DM us your address and we'll mail you one. Thx again!
Yoga is excellent for stretching and flexibility. Weight training for lean muscle.
i hate that word "bye"
. how about we ... watch g06/7 at Turkey's Nest i.e. TN. Go Buckz 2012-13. Coach Skiles & GM Hammond will optimize outcomes.
awww :) hahaha I can't wait! 😁
You're only given a little spark of madness. You mustn't lose it.
Make me come alive Come on turn me on Touch me, save my life Come on and turn me on
TY. "Liquid" is my go-to tack-on adjective. It is especially compatible w/ awesome. As in "That 4-iron was liquid awesome."
it was great having you guys in. Sorry again about the tire! :)
coffee, eggs, re-cap in anticipation for tonight
life is so hard...just trynna swallow the pill of it is hard. They say "no pain, no gain". So i guess ima gain, nd let this storm past.
This game is incredible
That scenario sounds like it could make a nice premise for a cormac mccarthy novel (unless you get there first!)
lovely! about to dig into a stack of thank you notes.
we will miss you too!
Happy Friday the 13th guys! ;p Tell all your friends about today x
is so perf 💓
Hot Saturday night date at Home Depot.
I'm breaking out in hives. Aaaaaaggggghhhhhh. :///
And that sir, is a fair assessment.
Heck yeah. Time of our lives! We'll go crazy!!! <3
Eden B from Rock Tavern, NY just saved her spot for our intensive at New York Performing Arts Center!
oh can't see! Please describe. :-)
Think it's been 7 or 8 months since I used the twitter machine
I need food and sleep. Bad. But instead, I have a dentist appointment. How delightful.
Happy 21st birthday You taught me I can do whatever I want and nobody can tell me I can't. Thank you.
Mullen's made this a game after early 5-0 hold. Columbine leads 9-7 going to 4th.
chrittttty cat you coming up for fredfest?
The Story of the Treasure Seekers by Nesbit, Red Pyramid by Riordan, Wind in the Willows by Grahame
Public Opinion... an attempt to organize the ignorance of the community, and to elevate it to the dignity of physical force. ~ Oscar Wilde
My publishing house needed a quote/statement from me for a press release tonight. Do I feel cool? Yes. Yes, I do. :o)
Attention, all you die-hard Orioles fans: If you bleed orange and black, you should probably see a doctor.
your statuses are scaring me.. Y
:) and ur posting reviews on today? Feeling the love!!!
gonna start unfollowing people who continually post verses from the Bible
lols is hilarious
Yeah Baby! RT How are you #badger fans feeling about #ballforheisman? via - RT with your support?
- That video is priceless!!!
aww, hi! (I have some new songs coming out Tues!) RT you are simply amazing and inspirational. I want your CD!
that's how i'm feelin'. -______-
no your not.
no.! Its "sexy fantastic five".! ;)
The water was glass this morning. Me and a few seagulls out. Nice way to kick off a Tuesday.
And I Aint Seen All Of Yall In A While, But This Summer Thats Changing
Relaxing in the snowy Berkshires...
I shoot the ball so we can all when,
Teacher & Student: "You give $10 to a friend, he needs $5 he will return....?" "Nothing" "You don’t know Math!" "You don’t know my friends!"
have you checked out the rest of the acoustic ep? Or some of our other cds?
Thank you!!! i'll try to help you out in some kind of way. hopefully if one of us get to him we can mention each other.
RT : To make an original contribution, you have to be irrationally obsessed with something.
I'm almost certain that and I, dated the same douche.
"every child in WV deserves a quality education no matter where they live" What about giving them choices?
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
Her: that hurted Me: it hurt Her: I know I just said that Me: no you didn't Her: what? Me: nevermind, go get a bandaid. Lol
The Very Hungry Caterpillar by Eric Carle: Gluttonous bug eats lots and then flies away!
we are happy as well :)
"Jay Leno likes cars, hey?"
surely they'd have u on but if u want to respond in a vacuum get your own show on fox
We love you guys! watch out for some January announcements!
We have a new server ready - vpn-co35 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London, UK
Lmao! Josh Hamilton sliding on the tarp!!!! Awesome!!!!!!
El vital east village perfect padre people watching, mahi, shrimp ceviches rock, pear margarita yum
#Upgrade to this app
Junior dance tonight
Already counting down the hours until i can come home and nap.
in a true analogy, the Admiral joins twitter, and then Olajuwon creates the new twitter and sells it for 2 Billion
Approx the 1st week of June RT any idea when NCA paper acceptance will be announced? late May/early June?
#mke next round of snow in IA now will be here this afternoon 1-2" expected with most falling after sunset. Slow eve. commute tho.
Cherry limeades from sonic>>>>>
romeo & juliet is so fuckin' depressing :(
FYI, I responded to the email...
honestly, this is the first time in a while, that a Tim Burton film just doesn't interest me...
I <3 alliteration!
Good Night boys. Can't wait to see your #morningwood pics when I wake up. ;)
rt A hand-written note is a powerful motivator. It shows your heart in a way that's totally lost in email and Twitter.//agreed!
Are you stopping by tailgate on your way to the stadium?
San Diego has got a serious Basketball Jones: Go SDSU Aztecs!
Morgan Burnett was 71st overall.
hey your popular right? please can you mension me to get more followers!? xx lol xx
Omg #MIOBI is so freaking awesome!!!:)
That was an awesome sentiment! Active military & veterans can never receive enough Thanks for their sacrifices. :-)
If you're going through hell, keep going. -Winston Churchill
Shared the premise of my (latest) WIP with my agent, (after 1st getting feedback from the gals.) #amwriting (1/2)
Just had a nice bath^^
Welcome to the Tweeter!
Enjoying an extra nite with (my Betsy)!
hi I hope you're having a good day c:
thx for sharing our article! hope you found it interesting!
If you can have fun with how you do what you do.. thats half the battle ~If they only knew~
Cross promotion with #DeadliestCatch? Really? Ugh.
uh-huh,
Thanks for letting your list follow us
Bummed I can't be at the CD release party for . Been sick all week and still recovering. Good luck !
mos wanted killed it omg.
Shout out to The students at B .TEACH ACADEMY!!! I had a blast today with you all. See ya in a couple of weeks #fashiongigs #F³
rest in peace mike the world will miss you.
Approximately 1 billion people throughout the world go to bed hungry every night.”
Our feature today is a delicious turkey, bacon and avocado sandwich with Havarti cheese, lettuce and tomato on wheat bread. $9
2 NBA, several overseas!!! Hell yes Im ready!
you want to know what is fun? meth
Did you see the story on the #ClassenCrawl tonight on Fox 25?
Success comes when you work hard to obtain it!
Going to be a real shame when BAPD Com. Stan Valchek has Josh Hamilton "detained" because Angelos says his office windows feel threatened.
Coolest car I saw yesterday <---very cool
Benefit is tomorrow! Please share us for ff and retweet your little hearts out. Thank you for helping.
Zumba Toning has been moved to Thurs night this week ONLY. Head over to tonite @ 7pm for regular Zumba with !
Damn dude you're all over my hood!
I needa find something to do im bored out my mind ... =/
Ain't that the truth! Your honesty is much appreciated though!
If you need some wedding planning or coordinating, invitation designs or ideas! Follow she'll make sure your day is PERFECT!
dwindling supply of followers!!! damn!!
we are all in this together, eh? Thanks for the shout out!
you know it!
Wow!! Small world, indeed! I love these connections! :)
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1732 composer Franz Joseph Haydn was born. He is known for helping to develop the Classical style.
Don't forget to support the Timbers U23s as they play PSA Elite on Tues. at 730p at JWF. 1st Rnd of US Open Cup.
Happy Valentines Day Chevy lovers
Last night's dream: I was spiderman and was terrorizing my aunt...then suddenly she decided to sing Love Story by T. Swift lol
As it should be! Thanks for mentioning us, Todd!
Thanks for the shout out! :)
No way i could forget you or your voice! good times :-)
your welcome! I know how much it mean to you:) & everyone<3
I'll Have Another !
its just I've been working my butt off for what feels like nothing
Now that, thats what i call a deal! :D
If there is one thing I know for sure Wisconsin liberals HATE, it's using a public computer for campaign/politcal related uses.
I write raps in my sleep
20 cool points. See you!!
I think the whole Harbaugh situation is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. So you're saying they didn't cheat. I'm confused.
Olaaa Dayaanna.......baby please unban me from your cam.....please!!!!...we'd be good together......ok bye Hermosaaa = ] xx
: justifiably skeptical. A many layered handing-over of a check...
that response was slightly lame, you need to rhyme better to if you think you have game
Last night in Lakeland
follow they are so DOPE !!!! Holdin it down for the Bay
Att: all my followers go follow the homies
Watching Boise State game.
wake the fuck up, smell the coffee and feel the intensity of things!
The IAP Photography panel is now reviewing app # 130090 Chris S.
And it's here!
Two more days till my bestest bestest friend flys in from Denver:D<3
Just spend 2 hours on the phone catching up with a friend.
RT If you love Jesus, you have to love the church, 'cause Christ gave himself for the church.'
I've watched it like 5 times already, I just can't get enough haha and I regret nothing
you teal we're team where you as?
Dude wanted to talk about my work. Sorry, not tonight.👌
I'm fit
Back to back threes for gasol!
Waiting for Joe Biden to impeach his boss, as he said he would do if a president bombed an ME country without congressional approval.
OH GOD! might have to place a disclaimer on my blog now.
Not Satisfied with Nothin..Just taking life One Day at a time....
Am not fighting; am disagreeing with ur logic & contributing to dialog on team I love & bad mgmnt
Watermelon party in the staff lounge!
I am a bomb like freaking donkey Kong!
Pictures of the super moon look just like any other moon picture. Why was this even a thing?
RT : Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much. -Helen Keller
3rd?! What is going on?! All Christina's fault!
*WIN* an E-copy of PRETTY AMY til 5pm PST! To enter tweet "Excited for #PrettyAmy digital release 5/15" <---just :30 min left!
Lot of longballs in this 'ere Sox game it seems
#NHL Fantasy Draft tonight. Can't wait to get this season underway! 1st attempt at Fantasy Hockey. Heard it gets pretty hectic. You play?
Becareful with my sweater...its vintage, got it at the vintage market lmfao
Ill see you up there then
Thank you Obama for announcing your support of same-sex marriage.
Following up on the double drownings in Tacoma last week. The story becomes even more heartbreaking. More starting at 4PM today on 101 KXL
Aye somethn gotta
- I know the folks wants Sept, but I may want/need Oct...
NO! jimmy protested
Hm the Child is being Nice.......Too Nice.......what could she want?
RT : RT : "Victory belongs to the most persevering." Napoleon Bonaparte
"Never Without You" Fan Comments: Who says﻿ that Ringo wasn't creative? He's a fantastic artist!
Just heard #30Rock, #ParksandRecreation, and #Community got cancelled. Lame. & suck
If you're lactose intolerant it is wise to not eat a whole box of Mac N Cheese.
Valerie could you please follow !?!
MLB fired Shyam Das. Can't imagine why. Maybe because he questioned their flawed protocol?
The Phoenix goalie is a jerk.
The Ford staff wishes all the mothers out there a day of peace, joy, flowers and brunch.
Nobody cares about this ginned-up hit piece on Rubio.
"I’m on a quest to claim absolute victory on every front." Hey, #TED Why wasn't invited?
PC or Mac?
Serious flow chop
that does sound good, but i think i have plans around dinner time. text you if i'm out later? sushi soon tho.
lmao my bad i was typing to fast DILLON
-.- I sweaa I'm smart! I left out my gmaa crib w/out my keys & can't get back in. SMFH !
I don't understand people who instead of helping a local buisness see its flaws and become better choose to trash it in a public forum.
Dem church girls the ones you shouldn't really beef with.....
Hey kids! Wim Wenders coming to town. He's doing a Q&A following the 7 pm #pina screening @ Horton Plaza on Thursday, Feb. 23.
I hate when people try to feel bad for me.
gym at 1030 for 4hrs thats bout it x
When tweets have typos <
you have noo idea how badly I want to!!
Every girl should wear make up!
Remember the good ol' days when you weren't the RealityTV Channel and one actually learned about history?
2 more days. This doesn't seem right, I just moved in
I understand, booze was never my thing, even though practically everything else was, I just don't like being drunk
Please RT with an sweet hello to my baby girls Bay and Abbey who have watched The Game Plan 8 Billion times...
I love your work too, you must have the BEST editor ever. He really knows his stuff and is so spot on.
That awesome moment when I find out I'm not invisible to girls!!!!
Sounds like a good plan!
Raw, Raw, Like a dungeon dragon ;)
I'm about to hit Portland...I'll be back tomorrow
When we landed at DAL on Saturday night, "Bad news: Mavs lost" was the 1st thing our parking shuttle driver said to us. Sorry
are those all the new track names? :D
me to!! Yayayaya you gotta see flacheecha now! She's grown up!
Class Challenge: As a class, make a list of all the special things you do. Post the list on the wall and invite the principal to see it.
You need to get our 98pxy mobile app!!!
Psalm 10:14 "But you, O God, do see trouble and grief; you consider it to take it in hand...you are the helper of the fatherless."
Early bird gets the worm, but I'm after the snakes.
wtf? I need photographic proof of this snow.
": Graham Zusi joins todays podcast. #SportingKC fans have any questions you would like him to answer?"
Listening to speak about #CoronaSDK, mobile app development &
i love your new haircut.
You should bake her a nice cake shaped as a heart Or the best present to her is your love and appreciation.
I have one my 5 yr old made I'll be glad to share.
Goodnight!! Praying for
Tectonic Theater is doing "Lord of The Flies" but cast with men in their 60s-70s and set in an office boardroom.
People who don't type properly annoy me so much.. I can't.
Happy birthday!!!
call me maybe again -______- lol
#pacernation about to get this win! Let's do it! 🏀🏀🏀
It should be a great time!! “: we are!”
106 and park it bitch
See Pam Zekman of WBBM TV 2 Chicago rely on me as her legal authority in her investigative report about Legal Helpers in Chicago
'A brand that captures your mind gains behavior. A brand that captures your heart gains commitment.'
#bruins Milan Lucic . . .
Ohio State is the lone unbeaten team in men's CBB heading into this week and became a unanimous choice as the top-ranked team in the API.
very creative
are IN.
What do you mean temporarily incomplete?
I'm late, I know, but better late than never. meet my husband And CB4 is so ridiculous you can't help but laugh.
Blame Canada?
I guess addressed it saying they will air the proper episode on the Thursday replay.
lo. okay good!
Happy birthday to my wonderful grandpa. Love you, Papa!
Give kid free school, he gets upset with his 2013 position & he should be able to take playbook to opponent? #really?
God has a beard, because he wants to looks like Casey abrams
when are youu & the boyz coming to Michigan ?
Juicer recipe: apple, pineapple and rainbow beet. Yum...
be a good boy.
There's a box my brain won't let me open right now. But it has such a lovely bow on it!
Taking your hair out of braids >>
D.W.E Records $500 Talent event TONIGHT Lounge, 7402 Greenville Ave, DALLAS TX. Starts Info: Call Mr Debonair
<- case and point : “: Boredom is not an option, socially or sexually for a #Sagittarius.”
I am not drinking my coffee fast enough.
say, can someone at the MN Capitol get an Adrian Peterson autograph for me? Prefer a jersey or football. Thanks.
Thinking about him ALL day :)
RT : I've learned its not where you record, how much you record but WHAT you record that makes an artist.
Hating life right now
her death is not as sad as they way her life has been the last 8-10 years.
A person with a 100,000,000 looks down on one with 100,000 a person with 100,000 looks down on a person with 10,000. They got us messed up
sounds like you got a future politician right there..
RT : Seattle City Light Restores Historic Ladder Creek Falls Light Show: Seattle City Light is celebrating the restor......
Past and Present We live by the Golden Rule
i love twitter. but i hate #mondays ! no school tomorrow Thrusday or Fridayy (: PARTTTTTYY
Sign up for our newsletter at www.blpdx.com Watch for our latest edition tomorrow w/ Holiday Specials & latest announcements from the Lotus
RT : they should sale their teams. There are plenty of people who would love to buy them. <True dat!! Good Reply!
nah you need to w/ that ol' "I told you so mess." My opinion is that he aint there yet. Add to the fact that u don't respect LeBrick
So we went from actual music from Foo Fighters to an artificial synth track from Rhianna. Speaking of artificial, here's Coldplay.
Anyone know of any good T-Shirt printers around town? It's that time...
ard, cool. What's your email address?? I can send it to you this afternoon
you ladies made my day! Psyched I'm #37 on the manicure post!
what subject are you learning?
Debating porting my number to Google Voice between contracts. Anyone have experience with it on an iPhone? Is it worth the added complexity?
sounds good to me :):)....I just saw you!
When writing blogs for SEO, keep it short and sweet.
Porn haha iv watched it lmfao I think most every body has
The guys on gold rush Alaska are at it again. Wish they would play shows where things went right every once in a while.
I'll treat you like a princess if that's what it takes.
I know a lot of people who could ;-)
Little Brat and Selling Knives to Jesus are submitted to DC Shorts Festival. Looking forward to seeing us on IMDB.
Tonight Is VINTAGE PROM! Who's in?
Epic doesn't even describe that performance. Superstitious was phenomenal! And I wish Cheesa was was still in this!
Falling down is how we grow. Staying down is how we die.
Great lunch with at Mojito, the new restaurant in the Crowne Plaza Tampa. Unbelievable food and atmosphere!
Congrats Michigan! You finally beat Ohio State! Reminds me of all those memorable wins Wisc had against the Fab 5 in hoops.
We need to get one tonight vs. Oakland!
thanks for the follow and will look forward to your reads :)
Franky..Franky..kricky! Tighten up, son! Feel me? Then, why not DO IT???
Beatles for me.
I know just the thing!! Now you just need to find time to visit me at #mgmgrand!
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
RT : Did some producing/mixing work for the Whitehalls today, creating monster drum tones until the rain killed the power...
great minds think alike ;) “: Sometimes good people make bad choices”
started a new workout regime & got my butt kicked--at least it made setting up my gear at the gig tonight seem easier by comparison
Here's my Sarah Phillips 2cents - she has to be real, but that NBA Memes mishap fucked her up. I wanna hear the whole story so I'm sure...
Hah. Indeed --much like his hair.
Can't wait it tonight. Another PTA Mtg. Sorry ladies!
I play music. I want people to hear my music. most people don't hang out at jazz clubs. where do they hang out?
i follow him , woo :D follow me ? :P
It's a Cougar Football Saturday!
Have to go pick up my tux Thursday....i'm so nervous. what if it looks hideous on me?
Writing tip: If you insist on writing perfect dialog in fiction, your character better be a monarch.
hahaha I'm sure of it ^_^
Omg Ashey Arvizo follows u !!! :D
Baby is doing gr8 mom and dad are good so blessed 2 have this tiny angle in our family he eats alot hugs 2 all
Life doesn't begin until after 12pm.
Will do. I gotta get up there for the show next year. Anything happening later this year? Minishow?
Oh, how HE loves us! <3
which of your restaurants are closest to Washington DC? Need to get it on my "to-do" list.
So excited for my panel on "Working with Bloggers" at #cookbookconf. Hope you will all join me, or watch online (and Tweet questions!) 1:30P
This is officially the worst birthday ever. Good night.
honestly..that 08 darkness is the champ
How was Brigg's? Bet it was packed!
Happy birthday!
Bravo Andy replied to me today and tweeted me hugs and kisses XOXO ...well it was more like xxoo but it meant samething lol love him!
Best news I've gotten all week! RT : We are good to go tomorrow :) and
Amen brother!
My cat seems to think my downstairs neighbor is another cat.
i'm so emotional! america's got talent made me cry. -_-
Why am I utterly powerless over emails?
#boltnation allowed their stadium to be taken over by
Has any seen ?
K so this is my last tweet to you, maybe i'll try and talk t ya tomorrow.
sinus infections flipping suck. I hate my damn allergies. Especially since I have them year round. FML~
nahh just being honest :p
I'm so tired that I don't even know if I'm tired. It makes sense to me, shaddup.
probably little fires. But they broke a whole bunch of windows to stores and just damaged a whole bunch of things.
I'll never let you go
Many thanks for the #FF !
There is a Yellow Pages at my door, it should be renamed dinosaur
Morning walk to work.
I really wanna go eat at Chilli's. it's been too long.
I was wondering if you'd do something for my father that's been fighting Cancer for 6 months now?
Nevada employers with questions about opening a Modified Business Tax Account can call 866-962-3707 .
It's too late, and I'm too tired to be creating buildings, clouds, & sky from scratch. nite pals!
Gary Payton probably the best Point Guard in the NBA in the last 25 years.
I'm so thrilled from this news I'm receiving
I hate when people say oh my you are tall. Don't you think I already NOW that fuck off
RT : Don't forget we'll be having a tree giveaway for Baltimore residents this weekend. Thanks to ! Bring ID!
Damn, Patterson got a 2 pitch walk! WTF
I feel like I should buy stock in Walgreens at this point.
are you gone forever??
THE GIANTS ARE GOING TO WIN AGAINST DALLAS TONIGHT. I can imagineP
hawks suck
Just found Completion by Design in the Twittersphere -- follow them at
I never use the phrase, "Your guess is as good as mine" because, well... it's not.
im shunning you for the rest of the year
not to mention not responding to emails or phone calls for departure updates!
Apparently, and his wife just bought my 22 yr old son a drink and offered to buy him another.
And im rappin on the beats they was supposed to buy, I Guess gettin high off my own supply!
Would love to bring bloggers to Brugge - trying to make it happen! Hard work!
where have you been? it's almost cheesecake time. ;)
Bill Elsey rocks - great guy and really bright, no wonder he won TX Sommelier of the Year!
London is a #GREAT location & will become the 1st city to have hosted the modern #Olympic Games 3 times!
Great conditioning workout this am! 10 mins on the rower, 10 mins on bike, jump rope circuit, slide board and abs!
U ROCK! Thank you for the FF!
Cannot people realize how large an income is thrift?
Unfortunately, I think I'm part of the Go-Nowhere generation despite hard work. I am away from family and a business owner tho.
KEEPING FIT: Changing speeds helps bodyweight workouts - Wicked Local
you've emerged to occasionally tweet parliament or prince lyrics! how's the writing (and everything else) going?
just doing me as usual...lol
RT LOUD NOISES MT : BOEHNER TOLD OBAMA HE WOULD NOT ALLOW DEBT CEILING INCREASE W/O "DOING SOMETHING SERIOUS ABOUT...
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout E
Email Pam Davis-Clark #Stuy Black Alumni Diversity Inititiave 2 volunteer to call the minority youth accepted 2 Stuy. .
nailed the interview on KLGO the WORD (98.5 & 99.3) this morning! She is a world changer!
No Goose
"Think and wonder, wonder and think." Dr. Seuss
no problem, happy to share all of the wonderful #yoga & #wellness options that our city has to offer, Enjoy the workshop!
well duh, left is always right :)
Just took care of an Unpleasant Task. Trying to mend a fence. [fingers crossed]
"The most reliable indication of public purpose in this country is derived through our popular elections." #quote greatamericanhistory.net
Creative so creative...
Wow the flyers are gettin embarrassed, its crazy!!! They should be kicked out of the playoffs for this performance
Obviously my spanish skills aren't so good.. o.O
what time video will be available?? I don't if I wait or go to sleep! lol
miss u
RT Cory Booker no E.
I am currently seeking a hard money lender in MIlwaukee WI for purchasing distressed properties. Contact me
Well, we are looking forward to our implementation/migration to : How'd it go?
FYI, just sent you a copy of Basic Marketing Research. Should be on campus in 7-10 days. I'm here if you need anything else!
ahaha thats okay and hey! i think i have that one OMG!!! :D
I have wasted so much time "revising" this chapter that I've forgotten what it is I want to do.
Maybe not an unbreakable phone, just Dr. Phil. lol
finally in NC outer banks
You'd be surprised; our favorite VIP restaurant in Shanghai was BYOB.
it is such a small world. Random connections pop up when you least expect it.
Aladdin eventually joined a small Anti-Israel terrorist splinter cell and went to prison. He now owns a Bazaar in Syria.
It feels so good to be living my Dreams.
born tall, can't be afraid...
screen quality
