I'll be back tomorrow 
~ I wanna go outside & play in the rain<3
Its funny how the #FrozenStrawberryLemonade trending but yet in El Paso its not really hot to have one in this weather... So ya lol
I am soo happy to be here another year! Thank you God, for my talent, my love for people, and my life as Tyme Johnson!
on my way to Virginia Hampton for sons graduation how far are u away
RT : End Racial Profiling Act wld hlp police avoid response based on minority stereotypes, cld have affected #Trayvon investigation
Today I have a meeting with channel 41 for my TV slot this week! What should I wear?! Better yet... What to perform?
#21-James Harrison-OLB-Pittsburgh Steelers
Be aware to the here and now so you can see the magnificence that surrounds you and let it guide you to your Highest Self
The deep hang tonight with So deep I couldn't even post about it til after it was over.
I checked out the Dr. OZ tv show on OWN. How can so many talented people make such a compelling topic ... so boring?
I will NEVER have another "someone is wrong on the internet" moment. I don't, generally, but, yes. What the hell. >.<
Happy Birthday ! (: Hope you have a good one!
Thank you ! And I have to agree - KGW is the best pdx news! =)
I hope you are having a wonderful Easter!
no...your not funny
ALL I WANT FORCHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU TO NOTICE ME! NSN?!
Good start to day at #wiredbizcon good lineup of speakers
killed it bro. You'll like it
Good news! RT : Police have resolved the situation at the SDSU Trolley Station. All buildings and station now open.
All gone, but if you drag yourself to Seattle, I'll make up for it.
I can't stop tweeting about
cheer up emo kid.
Traffic. Late. <3
Happy New Year, Ana. I hope that 2012 is all u hope it 2b!!
Great content starts with listening.
Got the apple (check), needle (check), shoe (check)-- ready to film "Sprinkles and Sparkles"
that's why I waited for high school they have more choices. I'm taking Sign Language next year
comment related to understanding the concepts of 1)Golden Rule and 2)marriage is State Issue
So much happening at It's Our Scene, like it on facebook and support local music facebook.com/itsourscene new music from local bands tonight
Hughes K for the final out
i figured lol
I think you meant Fringe-a-thon
The XX! Free Summer Concert Series... Not for me... But they are selling whip its in the park for $5 lmao (@ Central Park - SummerStage)
#ILovePeopleThat start a conversation with "Good News" and then Spin the bad news. It reminds me of the #MBTA slogan "Get less pay MORE" ??
bout to rock the Lyricist Lounge tonight 1030 pm sharp, Lets Get it!!!!!! 200 Hudson St. New York, New York
You go girl! Diverse images of Black men...what a concept
Happy to hear and like our save the dates!
Q: How do u make a bandstand? A: Take away their chairs!
Killeen: goal is to get geoscience data citations to grow from 5% to 50% in next few years.
You can never get back what you choose to throw away.
Woohoo 2012 here we come ;) I hope.its a.better year! Ball going.down happy.new year
Sorry if Vegas is 1500degrees (or 28c), but it hotter than that here in NOLA, with the added joy of 67% humidity!
Just accepted a proposal for a special issue of Jrnl of Periodical Studies on Visualizing Magazine Networks. Looks terrific.
wish I was in Memphis!!
just give me a heads up, do I can plan fun concerts to take you to!
Another great yoga session
No Problem
thanks for the mention!
99 Followers !!!! Keep following
Friends of Stitch-wits meets today at OCC Library 6:30 pm. All are welcome!
:D you make my happy and you fuck you hahahaha!♬Bored♬
There are so many new music genres out there, compared to the 70s!
Big 10 Pub A's win a wild one in the 13th inning! A's now 5-0 and wrap up first half title.
dude, this is the most we've talked in like a year and a half.. that's sad haha, we gotta go swim with soon
cant wait for the Ravens game
Math is hard.
don't think because you are a man you can fix my problems, chuck. but ok yeah how bouta follow from that other acct?
This game pissing me off.
your rave party just burned Kelly Taylor alive.
ha ha... i'll tell him! RT : good for you. :-). He still owes you lunch.
So excited for Melissa McCarthy's #oscar nomination!! She'll always be Sookie St. James to me!
everyone plzz follow <<<<<
oh Christ, Matty, please be okay.
Did you get yours?
Im going to start bringing my gameboy to class, fuck it
Rayando el sol
I have to go get that now thanks! :) why didnt he tell us about that one
know I'm gone keep it hunnit with you boo
I just punched the wall several times...
I'm a catCH I don't wAnnA b Da ONE dat got away
Entirely to hyper at this time of night!!!!! :D
Joel, I would like to contact you about advanced solar charging solutions for mobile phones. Please contact me, Steve at Nokero
I drive a Subaru & enjoy camping! We need to talk... (except I'm not leaving my current planner :-) )
for what it's worth there is a small child here. We won't forget you next year regardless.
Is that to eat or put on a chia pet?
Dudley's Farmhouse Wine Pairing Dinner sounds heavenly
Hi :D
Griffin just insinuated that Jesus walked the Earth in 1932.
Congrats to Erica Kiehl for booking not one but 2 National Commercials!
That was a bogus way to start my morning. /:
Get a close-up view of the beautiful and bold quilts of the Amish, at the Amish Abstractions Exhibit. Sunday (1/17/10) at 5:30pm on KRON4.
TY, U2!!! Holy Saturday! :) RT : OH Cristina!!! Have a fun blessed wknd. Its Easter Sunday..& Good Friday..what is Sat then???
Testing new "book merge" feature in Pocket Tales. If it goes anything like the "Create Your Own Quiz Question" it will be a huge success
I'll tell him that--he'll appreciate hearing it. How often does it happen to you guys? About that much--40% of the time?
I dont either tell my white friend told me she need to get her hair done but couldnt afford new "extensions"...
Happy May Day everyone!
Man..I'm in the mood 2 write...who needs a verse...get at me
Pasadena Night Market is the new
Good morning everyone! It's raining here :(
Wow the Knicks are playing some defense
This is gross lmfao.
send me ur number I forgot it cuz I can txt through here
slick slick
Haha well im in the same boat as you. No way would they go for me XD
So glad you made it. Love your finds!
#3 ft - Right by my side
all of a sudden 45-31...uh oh
Landed...can't wait for the festivities
put ice in his eggs
This is what I'm saying!
Happy New Year to everyone. May 2012 b a wonderful year for all. B safe tonight, c u next year.
Sounds wonderful! RT : The weekend is right around the corner! Treat yourself to our Lavender Escape Body Ritual.
Starting tommorow night Selfmade Thursdays 10 N.Center St Orange NJ $5 mixed drinks $20 Sangria Pitchers free buffet, wow
that looks awsome!!! I want one
Yep...about to post an article RE: pitchers/torn rotator cuff
Okay good. Its our ball
Fire for effect.
Trust none i don't need niggas
Thanks for the follow. Please enjoy & share 15% off a medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER by 4/30. Custom Dry-Erase Boards!
The Raid: Redemption at 7:30 and 9:55 tonight at the Oriental. Anyone? Let's go.
nah, I just went to sleep. The conspiracy was z
I wanted to crawl under this desk& take a nap...but then Loverboy came on the radio!!!..Oh& It's getting ready to storm.. gonna end up there
awesome -- will give her a try. Thanks!
I just love living here in NYC! I soo wish Mr. Jeff Bennett would come to this year! Id be the HAPPIEST girl in the world! :D
Take a looky at our clearance bin: all these beauties are 20% off. Delish stuff, just need to make room for newbies- can you help?
I so not want to do my HW
heello :) how's your day going love? :)
People have #doppleganger systems tweet for them, there exist many imaginary tweeters and buys over 90% of his followers. WTF
Good morning! up & running with a delicious home-made tropical smoothie :)
RT : #WorldCup. Tim Howard rocks!!! <-- hell yeah, he does!
If you talk, I'll talk. If you don't, I won't. Simple as that
From the way your video looks I almost thought they rounded you up too. You'll have to tell me the full story soon.
When I wake up, I better see that notification that we won lol
SO ready for the holiday weekend. My bud Sandy and I say let's make Thursday the new Friday. Who's with us?
Thanks for the reply and all the fun. You've got big fans in Minneapolis!
IKR! "Big Shoes Big Socks!" hm... i wonder wat JuwanE's shoesize is? ;)
I'm working on it.~ Its not like i wanna fail. D;
me too
Hello, I'm in Delaware.
not this guy. I'll be taking this Saturday off as the voice...good luck at Clairton.
What ???? I said wish a happy birthday
Couldn't Jim DeMint and Rick Perry just mud wrestle for the nomination? It would definitely help with fundraising.
#ACCTRNY is underway!
#thatawkwardmoment when people catch you stealing their wifi
are they Hammer pants? Parachute? Front pleated Dockers?
bad at selfies.
Thank you! :) Stop us and say hi if you're at the track again!
The Brooklyn Nets will be the only team in the NBA who only have Black and White in their logo. That's my hometown team. Any thoughts?
RT : Excited for tomorrow!!!
Mom of Carlsbad teen paralyzed by acute onset of #multiplesclerosis says and have been invaluable! Good work!
sorry I am not familiar with Maria Garrett and their church. Dreams do come true. Believe!!!!
RT : Just got a massage, exactly what I needed
Rebel America lands (2) song placements for the "Biodrod CR7"- IPhone Video Game.
Quinn changed too fast... one thing #glee doesn't seem to get is that a character arch can last more than two episodes...
Looks like my twitter is working again. It was telling me I was a loser with no friends. As true as it is....
Whitney Houston rest in peace ..the greatest female vocalist of all time!
This game is closer than two butt cheeks on a straight guy at a gay bar.
Let your religion be less of a theory and more of a love affair. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
A few chicks on #MyFitnessPal said they are having pizza and mac and cheese for lunch. After I posted about a low cal soup. Bitches be crazy
I'm mad just took my hot pocket out my hand ate it then left the room -.-
NY strip steak and crab legs tonight for $16.95 includes potato, veggies, garlic toast and choice of soup or salad.
Thanks for being our first followers and
You think no one plays now? Make it mid season - Would be like 24 mannequins on the field
Ive found an apartment. Everyone can sleep now!
All you dog lovers should check out , someone who truly appreciates the importance of dog birthdays!
Mad Men is easily the best show on TV
Have you looked at cases? Typically things like lecture notes have been excluded if I remember correctly. +
I am bad at all of the things.
Thrilled to be writing on my iPad. Probably replaces 90% of my laptop time.
4 the record...there's a new giveaway promo, sweep, & cue for new album. "So come in get it "on
haha thank you :D
i really dnt no y i am so sad 2 day:(
lol u probably look similar(:
The sense of entitlement that comes with being a politician's kid in an intractably corrupt city...
that means a Syracuse 'w'. Easier to run on a long rebound than a TO
Now is not nec. the time to inquire publicly but since well-documented Princey-Ricky friendship was broken up, who are Crew's two best buds?
Can't see you niggas, ya like a lil germ.
baby, gimme all your time :)
Oh, how is it? I've been wanting to go.
Peyton and Randy?
perhaps Joan Scott already did in calling it a paradox? But teaching it...hm. I like Michelle's idea.
TBH, I feel like a lot of people overlook what those of us who process do. 1/2
I love no-knead bread! So easy and good!
It's Hard To Find Artist With Unique Styles. I'm Down For Creating Something New That No One Has Heard.
i hope i annoy the shit outta you. #bitch *:
Having cash on you is the same as having a pack of gum
You know, I thought I'd read all of his books, but the summary of that one doesn't look familiar. Yay more vonnegut for me!
Wow that was not a foul.
Sum say I'm I'm nice sum say I'm mean sum say I'm sweet & sum say I'm mixed with all three
i have never read room 317. everyone is dying cause maz is gunna read it....im kinda scared to read it
Thanks for the follow!:) Have a great day and as always, Wishing you
Business never sleeps thanks to technology. 5am conference call tomorrow should be interesting.
Rise and shine and give God the glory, glory.
do you wanna cry about it with me?
Happy release day ! sure do make some damn fine records! THE REAL DEAL, YO.
No government ought to be without censors; and where the press is free, no one ever will.
Great tips. Thanks!
There are very few things that can make me laugh as consistently as hearing ridiculous noises from from across the building.
When did People Magazine turn into Highlights for Grown Ups?
COULD THIS DAY GET ANY BETTER!?!?! Why yes, yes it could! Git on down to the mooglorious cow patio! Gddy Up!
I discovered my kitty has a beef allergy & there's only one multipack flavor combo that doesn't have beef; often out of stock
Tomorrow is the last day of the 7 days of Beer! Catch the Cowboys game on the NFL Network! It WON'T be on Time Warner
that looks weird
RT : FREE tour of Union or Secession: Virginians Decide tomorrow at 9a. Call 692-3901 to reserve your space today!
It's bout to be serious UK and KU!!!...
The greatest test of love is finding someone that isn't afraid to receive your expression of love. Not everyone is mature enough for love.
She needs to invite Eloise at the Plaza!
the ones who talk the most usually know the least.
RT : Lots of demanding by an advisory committee.
You know what I hate? When ppl say "utilize" instead of "use." You know what I love? Pierogis.
In his car beside a Church's Chicken in Albuquerque, Radar Garner unzipped his pants for the 17-year-old girl working the drive-thru window.
Im getting a 3-game handicap, of course you aren't crazy!
HEY THERE. Hope your well!
fractured eye sockets are deff
It's Late night Thursday.. I know you hurting... Call me :)
And the Palio in Siena, and the Changing of the Guard at Buckingham Palace. Gosh, the list doesn't stop...ever :)
All linked!!
Name 3 things…that "Black" parents can do…to keep their "Black" daughters…from ever becoming "strippers"?.…….
I disagree with Rod McLuhan. Ultimately, the message is the message, not the medium.
you're a United fan?!
Yeah man Old Skool Music Lives on!!!!!
NYPD still looking for Etan Patz, why MPD ain't still looking for Alexis Patterson?
I don't know but he only does parades and special events like the Halloween and Christmas party thing
Old couple behind us at the rancher's club celebrating their anniversary asked what they talk about after 57 years answers: 'Food.'
I'm down in Indiana! Haha.
S/O to my new followers
you need to start using your twitter. Once you get the hang of it, its addicting. Hope all is well, much love. X.
Day 2 of cold. Just call me cotton ball head. Blah!
Absolutely! I'd be more than happy to "assist" you out of it. ;-)
Final day to get your name in for INCOMPLETE PASSES giveaway on #Goodreads!
yes, they are working to help CENIC now
Back to work in a few more hours 😁🏀 for #Clippers & #Lakers I'll need double shot Starbucks to stay up on it
---- Truth be known, I am the one and only JARROD COOPER!! :)
Not feeling great & tomorrow looks cold & damp. I think I'll pass on the ride to Nyack. Sorry. Still want to do it soon tho.
#oomf is a jurk to the max. Boy
Happy Birthday Cheryl!!! :D :)
Girl I keep it real I dont waste no time
Excellent. We are honored to be your favorite. We look forward to your mom's visit.
Had a gr8 nite out with the boyfriend. <3
"Susanah"? Man ive been spelling my name wrong all my life...
Thanks, Julie! It's already better. Just ate at Bob Evans. Can't beat those biscuits! :-)
WHY o WHY did you make this pantry list?
ha! That's awesome. Have you heard of Torche? Been jamming their latest all week. Awesome stuff.
In #art, taking no risk is the maximum risk, because you're 100% sure it will be boring.
Ross: now moving towards otaku as a parallel fan practice
Happy congrats! :D
I'm a little (OK, a lot) out of date on #NCIS. Are those bastiches effing with Ducky? :: glares at TV execs ::
Royal needs to step up!
glad my presentation was relevant to your needs!
This is a personal invite to all of you because I love you guys! COME TO MY SHOW IN AUGUST DAMMIT!!!
There are some grown ass men playing in the paint tonight
we've got enough to share with the U.S. #scrapplenation - then on to world domination... I'll be looking for your order! *<||;-)
I Don't Like Certain KIDS. Waiting For My Momma To Pick Me Up.
Damn you daylight savings time!!! Sleep...it eludes me.
I might just sleep in my car in the Miller Park parking lot and wake up in a few hours for some breakfast tailgating!!
will do!
RT The only way to end the lockout is World Peace. (this plug was so lame it burns my ass.) #whatmoneycantbuy common sense.
*Mom yells your name* You: Yes?!.... *silence* You: YEAH?!! *SILENCE* You: UGH! *gets up and see what she wants*
One more Like and we have 500 Likes!!! Let's go! Who is # 500??
I think Rhinos are just obese Unicorns.
are you about to watch real housewives now Fam?
Natalie Portman went to the "Denise Richards School of Shit Acting in an Otherwise Awesome Movie"
envy i love that you show love to ja but is crazy records sells these don't matter no more #PIL2 is a classic album
Had great evening last night improvising with jazz piano great Donal Fox chez nous
hope you make a 100! Lol
MUST★Follow and thanks to
#pw2012 CFEd says that $350 billion are available thru the tax code for asset building for middle and upper income families
it wasnt cold at all. Lol! But it was dope
Been keeping up with The Killing?
Client Testimonial: FI's trainers make exercising enjoyable, all while clients get a great workout as well.
Amy Winehouse ’s Final Fred Perry Collection Goes On Sale Before her death earlier this year, Amy Winehouse teamed up with iconic Briti
Beer && Code is tonight at the HQ! Beer! Code! 7pm to 10ish!
does that mean there's a #twedding soon? #stirringThePot. But seriously... big ups!
At least Pennsylvania renumbered the Turnpike to be mile-based. Makes me nostalgic for ol' Exit 28.
To try again: we never made it to the Filipino place in queens. It's delicious.
i got a callback? so we shall see...
: Your gorgeous photo was taken from the ballroom at the Wyndham Cleveland at PlayhouseSquare!
Thanks! Yes, I had PTO yesterday. I went up to Wisconsin to hang out with my family. Margot kind of went swimming. Almost.
We want to give thanks to and for the 13th year of #SOTG2011!
On Miami-Dade Transit; enjoying the view, listening to high school kids lie about there love life
"But I wasn't like screaming or anything." *flashback* "AYE RYAN.!" RT if you know where this is from.
Would love to re-connect! I'm at #wmpitchit as well. (Last year's winner; met you at #ncvs... hope you remember me!)
Sweely Winery has 30% off all wine.
shit working wat up with u
follow me cause it my birthday? c:
I can never concentrate in this class omg
Some females are only "1 girl" gay.
It's amazing how nice color palettes make designs pop. Why wasn't I using them before?
Jazz Band and Combos tonight at Paradise Valley Community College...Admission is FREE! Starts at 7:30 p.m. Come and support the fine arts an
Hey guys how was your day ?(:
OMG AWW SHE'S SO CUTE!!
Tomorrow is the last day for our February Pedicure Special XXOO....20% off tomorrow only!!!! Call for your reservation now!
McKenna: libs pick target; freeze it; personalize. what happened to Rush Limbaugh over birth control. But really about Obamacare
Love my iPancakes!
Bored.. You?:P
Golf PGA Tour • Japanese Ryo Ishikawa playing the Farmers Insurance Open for the first time January 23-29, 2012 La Jolla, CA
RT : RT : “Four Very Powerful Words to Say to Your Child: I BELIEVE IN YOU.” Kevin Heath
“: ATTENTION PROMOTERS! BOOK A DIMEPIECE MAGAZINE ISSUE RELEASE/MODEL SEARCH IN YOUR CITY! ”
where my baby at ?
I hope they are at least painted some pretty color.
good to see you at the concert tonight. Sorry I didn't get to say goodbye.
Just seen your message. No ebook available, but email and we'll see if we can arrange something.
the other person I know of is , no specialized hashtag! It's a very small program (30ish people).
Me and have this little "thing" going on(: Im "pretending" like Im just a fan, and he's "pretending" to not know I exist. ;) ♥
Cold wet and rainy forecast... Portland, last weekend was such a tease!
I may take him off to see how he does?
Really. Positively heartsick over Maurice Sendak's passing =(
Looking forward to screening the rough cut to North West folks today, it's going to be great to get the Native American perspective too.
Let's lay down tonight & kiss tomorrow goodbye. ❤
Memphis Music Monday is tonight! Come hang out with Memphis' finest acts! Free and show starts at 7pm! See you then!
hey sure, no prob. rock and roll.
He is good... I'm 7 weeks pregnant
its okay, everyone shared the same deep saddening.
After going on a junkfood hunt with , we watched grownups and are now cuddling while playing zombies&ninjas=lifeizgreat
Lame! threatening fines for not chaining up. Does this apply to those of us with 4WD and snow tires?
Waving back!! :)
:) check out (myspace.com/poemaofficial) they will be playing warped tour this summer @ the girlzgarage tent!
It's on now! I will beat my teen daughter in number outgoing and incoming text messages. ;)
we're still here! come study at hillel until 10 tonight and enjoy some treats and snacks while you work!
I have enough interest in eating for both of us :)
After Hours Blog : Local Listens: Q&A with Wild Flag’s Mary Timony
RT : Funny how all these liars are also emphatic Christians ain't it.
it's good man. Boston?
OMG WHERE?? I LOVE THAT SHOW!!!
OMG!! You Dm Him about threats and thats not cool! leave my boy alone <3
I suppose sitting here THINKING about working out isn't gonna get it done.
have fun in Spain girl!!!! Take pictures!!! :)
There is more to life smh
who they?? What kind of music? :-)
Thanks so much for the lunch date today I'm going to miss you.
If you were a man of taste, I might take offense. But we both know better. RT Disagree
Awesome! Keep up the great work, comedy in MKE wouldn't be the same without you and
Have to take time to say these artist are the smartest people on the planet, no jiving, I thank you rockin" gifts to the human race!
they say I'm getting trendy like I come after a pound sign
Peace, and goodwill, to all who seek it on just terms!
Day 3 of our Perfect Attendance May Challenge. See you on the mat!
Silver Jews!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Send us your coordinates I'll send the Saint Bernard....
Impossible is a word only to be found in the dictionary of fools.
But Wont Admit It lol
In high-skill professions, such as management and petroleum engineering, Texas salaries often exceed national norms.
I got a haircut
thanks! And thanks for saying hello!
thanks! That would be great. This is the third time it has happened. Nothing taken this time.
Took a blow dryer to my head this morning, which I rarely do. I'm surprised by how much hair there is on this head of mine.
Just locked in for August 21 @ 12pm. Exciting!!!
def counts. sometimes takes a minute for twitter to sync up. u can always manually sync w/ the grey button in page footer.
Hi there! What was the report query? We'll check on it. (You can also email us at with details.)
30 something year old alumnus at a college hoops game that can't quite let go of those student body cheers; don't be that guy.
Dear tummy,sorry for all the butterflies. Dear pillow,sorry for all the tears.Dear heart,sorry for all the damage.Dear brain,you were right.
chip on the ole shoulder?
Sure thing! We found that FB use really took off between '08 and '10. From '10 to now, mobile sites seem to be the big thing
free lunch and ice cream cake...this is turning out to be a good day!
#schoolmemories laughing my head off at lunch with my friends..we still do that
William Green and Tim Couch, those were the days! Urgh
Ready for turkey hunting!
haha I watched that today!!:D
RT : Absolutely amazing time at !
yes, the #topblogueras retreat will also become the world's larges Latina slumber party!
Amber alert may day may day wheres
The biggest issue for me is jobs/the economy. Without a solid foundation for that, nothing else can be accomplished in PDX.
...a successful gym workout in your thirties is when your toddler can successfully make it 60 minutes in the kids area
Your my idol
haha that would be so funny!
haha! c'mon I mean it has to be a joke right?
After 5 tries with download errors each time, at #Apple store to download iOS 4.0. What was taking 4 hours on my wifi took 5 minutes here.
Oh come on...it's only 18.1666667 days!
Good words to live by - RT : Be happys for others happiness or success & be compassionate toward others suffering.
Looking forward to seeing Zorro X: A Pleasure Dynasty Parody. lookin HOT!
I break for oatmeal.
Deh pon a old music vibe...
I am too weak for you -___-
Aaron rosgers officially ... Lets get it in tonight! Happy bday .... Cc:
If he live up to the hype yeeeeaaa buddy
My dad wants to move again -.-
Amen to that one!
The fourth McDonough!
Loved** last tweet
Nice win by your Buckeyes over Syracuse yesterday.
and good too:)
Hello Shannon you are so beautiful, can you follow me thanks, Bobby Howard :-)
Y U MAD , ITS NOT LIKE IM LYING
evidently the "high-speed" in high-speed internet is relative. like, relative to "no internet"
Lynn fire says no one injured in the homes, truck driver transported with non-life threatening injuries. Car driver hit refused tx
Newest "dread" email to get? One that opens with, "Unfortunately, one of our students has head lice."
Mountain biking for dad's day
If you tweet that you are having a beer with an elephant later I will know you are seriously hurtin'.
We are 2 articles shy of 2,400 articles on The site started as an internal tool to help keep track of things
The maid is on vacay...first load of laundry in. Dry. Iron. Pack. All over again. Chicago next stop.
Its a beautiful thing!
I believe The Local in Minneapolis holds that title
#NSYNC's No Strings Attached was an amazing album.
Might go to the lake today
What the fuck are 'possum tits?
Loves yard work!!!
TY for talking theatre this week.
Pretty please follow back?
and yet I still want one lol~
not that i care cause i dont but his single again .... :/ just made things harder on me
new compositions performed in these NY November gigs
Snow is coming down around Chicago!
*sees a little kid* 50/50 chance he's gonna smoke pot when he's 13
A great way to stay in shape - swimming: a full body workout without all the impact pain of running!
thx too fam give me yo info and we will work !!!
I totally told my coworkers that was the series name when I did my Steampunk book talk for them. They loved it
I like the dick
just one more week until I see you in concert! Can't wait! :)
and Grand Valley lost! Looks like first round bye for football & hosting 2nd round Nov. 27th if they take care of business!!
Anyone wanna play with my schticky?
Promotion Best Practices: Facebook Developers' Wiki
i mean..if punching a small child helps you feel better, then by all means make yourself feel better.. haha
ThMorUKno:The word “APOCALYPSE” (usually translated “Revelation”) does NOT mean end of days, but opening/unveiling/disclosing/uncovering.
You Too!
WEAR THE RED JEGGINGS IN BALTIMORE, I NEED TO SEE YOU WEAR THEM ATLEAST ONCE! i bought them for crying out loud!
Last day for on sale also!
You're not a slut? So, are you like a volunteer prostitute?
Going to Miami...
Haha. That's freakin funny! Nice
90% of Catholics ignore the church's official position on birth control anyway. Why the fuss?
...access to exclusive sales, free facial and makeovers, free seminars, specialty bites menu, mini photo shoot by Moda, free coupons, free..
#69Factsaboutme 2. I dye my hair a billion times.
good point. I have an internal clock for Sunday mornings no matter how little sleep I get.
"I don't want no Barbie, I want a gun" Magen Hall... Well said Megan!
I did. Great news but will prob make the wait on NOL longer ha!Its ok tho. Good for him!
are you coming to WI girl? Hit me up! :)
These hands like houses will protect you from the storm.
we owe it to ourselves to get sloppy drunk & get some dick. This weekend.
But ill get it out of the way and just sit around the rest of the week for that class.
Did you already have that charm? I don't think promoting keeping birds in cages is very #earthday friendly...
you guys are gonna ruin it.
I just had a breakfast taco and a beer. It was great.
aha. so llama have a thing for cones?
Would you like to know how much your house could sell for if it was on the market today? Call 1-800-731-7041 ext. 2306 to find out.
First to a 100 win??
Nice long swim this morning to start the day of right.
REALLY big audition today 600 submissions narrowed to 30. In final group. Skyped w/casting director. Fingers crossed tight!
cant wait till schools over
Gen fund. We are spending maybe $50-$60 million (have to confirm#) so as we spend this amount we fall behind another $30-$60 mi
WOW! named Morrison House Best Boutique Hotel, Piano Bar, & Pet Friendly Hotel, plus 3rd for Most Romantic Hotel in #VA!
What HE said---> RT : We have a way of showing we value people/services/goods. It's called "paying for them."
Time for a (cold) shower and Netflix... (while we are still loyal customers. LOL)
Hi. My child does not have food issues but I will ask at the LA walk this Saturday.
The crew: Love these guys
Music has many dimensions,some are "sacred" most are NOT....
I'm going to another 1D concert next year! WOOHOO
Thanks for joining us and for the write up!
DH this morning informed me proudly he had unloaded and reloaded the dishwasher. Um...
thanks for RT. Riley Children's Hospital here in Indy - worthy cause.
A don't-miss #ASJA #beauty writing panel at #ASJA: Genevieve Monya of MORE, Lynya Floyd Family Circle, Susan Moynihan Destination Weddings
i know things get hard but girl you got it, girl you got it, there you go. cant you tell by how they lookin at you everywhere you go?
Last day at the Pancake House. Going to get our asses rolled over all day. Dreading having to say goodbyes to everyone. Especially my boys.
Wahhh, only 2 more episodes of Desperate Housewives ever :( :( :( :(
We're back in nyc and ready for all the great models we have met to start working!
Great to hear that SJU's getting the attention of promising future leaders such as you! Congrats!
I'm not pushing for any particular deal.
Love doesn't fail you, break your hurt, use you or ignore you. People do all of the above. Don't confuse the two!
M, paint fumes...
i am lol
how do you add more then one picture?
#AvrilLavigne is a perfect girl;) I love you Avril!!!
RT: Dear Music, Thank you for always being there for me through everything: all the heart ache, heartbreak, and crazy stuff."
Good morning ! And
R. Carson knew that envtl ed is important for helping specialists see not just their own problem, but "the larger frame into which it fits."
I had a blast at my epic workshop today in austin. So easy even I can use it.
RT Unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything.
was dev 4 right?
Going out tonight for #sushi and #wine with the brilliant woman behind !
I'm hoping PIPA and SOPA pass, for artist we going back to real royalties no lawyer fees
im riding around, im getttin it
Romney can't lose! Has catered to all voters as a lib running 4 the senate, a moderate running 4 gov and now a conservative running 4 Pres.
#wisn12 morning show voted best am news based on coverage of capitol and collective bargaining debate. today we are live for election day
gotta love Florida bipolarness
we have $2 ic lights all day everyday now. Our contract with coors light expired.
I just dont be telling them lol
Time to #BeGreat Go Pack Go!!!
Sounds amazing! RT : Femmedia! is creating a new media literacy curriculum for young women, around issues of sexuality.
Trying out the Galaxy Note for the next 3 weeks. Pretty impressive phone, but I'm still not 100% sold on the 5.3" screen.
follow me back?:)
Good question. I will ask it on Roc City tonight.
Exploring the assumptions about honor underlying the treatment of flags of truce during the Revolution would make a fine project, methinks.
Just got hotdogs from Moore's. Heartburn is gonna kill me from that chili; but it was well worth it!
Kimberly's mom got flowers, chocolates and a $50 Macy's gift card for Mom's day. She thanked Kim by asking to borrow her Macy's CC
AP: City commission rejects police chief's resignation in Fla. town where Trayvon Martin killed.
Natura Two-in-One Rabbit Hutch (beige) at Dog Training
im sure u would tweet him everyday. Lmao
in mine they are rebranded: "braising greens."
#PlansForTheSummer be even more lazier than ever
I am loving life, trying to get my magazine finished and just sitting here wondering why I am not in bed
Green vs. red apples... Always the toughest choice.
when Bron is doing Bron he's just on another level.
A5.Diner's Drive Ins & Dives. I'd like to tour a lot of the places goes!
Wouldn't be a problem if you had already set precedent of wearing same pair of pants + ill-fitting button down shirt every day
Good sleep weather 😌
Want to hear some Wicked World. Hope all is well. I'm the comcast guy.
As much as you frustrate me I love how you make me laugh!
RT : Employers need to realize that employee respect & appreciation is an important part of
Retweet if you ever got caught in those "It's not what it looks like" moments.
Could be another BIG day for CTSO!
I can't see you!:p
I think the smoking campaign discussion might actually be useful . . . do that.
she said "douchery"
finding the noise a bit wearying
haha, you'll be busy in Knox. Hahah, but I'll still call & make plenty of trips.
Anyone else freezing at #Logan12?!
Who know a great A/C company in #PHX? Just looking for a tuneup and no scam tactics. #TooMuchToAsk ?
Anyone feel like going to the Girls Rule Dance Party this Friday at Ottobar?
It won't be popular in the 'Burgh. We HATE all things Raven...LOL
Wintry roads are said to be "slicker than otter snot."
THANKS TO DIETER AND SHANNON HERTLING FROM EMPROVE PERFORMANCE GROUP I AM NOW EMPLOYED.... IF YOU NEED HELP WITH YOUR JOB SEARCH CONNECT WI…
If continues this once Youk is healthy, are gonna have to keep letting the kid play
Just made it through all of the episodes of #ThePractice on ! Do I want more? YES! But until then, on to #Lost!!!!!!!
My rooms a mess and I'm feeling lazy right now. Who wants to help me clean it? lol
damn just realized its almost cinco de mayo. is gonna be missing this weekend!
Listening to musicals will get me through this day. First up:
I know!! Took them a week to get back to our second inquiry! Grrr
Aw, thanks! I'll let you know if I come to the point of desperation. Hoping I can find some in DC, without driving super far.
you can't force Carolina Steve off the air!
Have presses releases or promos? send 'em to simmonsradio [at] gmail [dot] com!
Do we ever! Could you REALLY come back for a repeat of THATCampVA 2010? (Gong xi, gong xi, we'd be happy!)
The Nuggets are not intimidated. That's certainly a good sign.
*HUGE SPECIALS ON MYSTIC TANS* Mystic Tans are 2 for $39.99, or 5 for $75, or 20 for $199 TODAY ONLY!
I think she's contractually obligated to only like things that aren't normal. So slippers aren't allowed to be real.
just lost the plastic around the connector. Should be fine as long as you don't get it wet or bear other metal
I smell naming rights opportunity. The "UnPeterAngelos Courthouse of WIN". The motto inscribed above: Asbestosis Veritas.
Lol, I know :D and on Friday me and Faith are going to sit at the table right next to yours
Ah. It is now called Florida State College for Women. Women who engage in gridiron football? Curious and forward-thinking!
With both games not really close at the end & both favorites covering its setting up real nice for Tebow Magic in Denver
It would be better if i had some help. Hint Hint...
essentially a paleo diet. My gym is doin a 30 day challenge and thought I would give it a twirl.
Yayuhhh!!! Welcome to the neighborhood!
So worn out!
Praying that I will successfully negotiate this production of puntilla
I said noodles in a previous tweet when I meant doodles. Oops. Bad auto spell check.
Cheering the runners on at the Oklahoma City Memorial Marathon. Everybody is soaked, but still running.. Way to go!
I JUST GOTTA #BELIEVE THAT ONE DAY YOU WILL NOTICE ME <3
Employment is a good thing.
; this weekend was definitely disapointing. & now theres a bunch of drama over it. wtf?
I hope the afterlife is less like the Belmont El platform than I fear it will be.
clearly you need your own signature line of headphones.
A good day of bowling, friends, and ice cream. Oh, and swinging. Lots of swinging.
you're blowing up my twitter with your foursquare.
RT : props to for bringing in Al Pacino Agreed!
Im fucking hungry, Gonna make myself a fucking sandwich!
Dad's tearing the kitchen out and I'm finding TONS of 'Found Paintings'!!! :D
The weird part was some people thought it was a Tupac impersonator. It looked like CG, albeit good cg, in still frames! Vid moreso.
Do you have time for a quick radio interview for LA public radio? If so let me know. Thx!
Super Bowls gonna suck now
can I hear Britney Spears Gimme More?
Follow back me,is Sexy related to Grey's Anatomy
#winechat is a great example of one of those!
My big chance to reach my goal new mexico you betyer be ready here i come!!! Shout out my my coach for signing the deal!!!
When you get it, how much you want for it????
sittin here feelin out applications so I can slave wit a 9-5. Somebody new needs ta get at me.
Oh crap
until they fade away. they are painted using a safe pigment that will naturally dissolve.
HoeLies #49: I have never kissed a girl.
Finally going to watch #TheSocialNetwork. I've been wanting to see this for so long!
Same to you Harry! Nice to Tweet you. Happy to Tweet it Forward any time you need
Awesome Philly sandwiches today for lunch with ! Fries IN the sandwich - so good.
hahahaha shame eyes, awesome
"Design takes scientific innovations and transforms them into life" - Paola Antonelli
I can have friends dam I hate this boy right now
So this guy was skateboarding then their was a hole n he tripped hilarious
Good morning and happy Easter to those that celebrate and to the rest, happy Sunday - another incredibly gorgeous day in NYC!
Special Oscar Sun nite specials - gr8 rates @ $129 and fun cocktails - walk down the red carpet at The Clifton Inn
anchor love :-)
GUYS HELP PLEASE!!!!
yes im ready to embrace the islamic religion
RT : Communicating culture: short & sweet trumps long & lovely #iabcseattle via
Thinking clear for the first time in a while, ill admit i did neglect you and im sorry babe, your rite your better off without me
according to this link I show the #browns as 7th in cap space
lmao pop...yeah. you're from up north Lol
how did you learn to design tabletop games, that is cool.
Understandable though. If it'd been at MOMA or otherwise, the curators could've taken more risks. At Smithsonian, basically a kiddie crowd.
"Are you as bored as I am?" Makes sense even when you read it backwards. "am I as bored as you are" Mind = BLOWN.
Yes: Get out of Marrakesh and get over to Essaouira, or up to Chefchaouen
Anthony Green of CIRCA SURVIVE playing acoustic right before STATES headlines The Door tonight!! Secret show.
Chorizo deliciousness with beans and guac. Now I'm ready to face the day!
Thanks for the follow girl!! Definitely ck out my free site JUST FOR WOMEN when you have time! www.kissandim.com/register
I always have the same problem!
sounds like a deal n the making to get Paul voters
Absolutely, friend! to your success! for the follow ! Have an awesome Thursday!
Suck it, choirboy. RT : lol. Second flautists are so easily impressed. Cc
Mardi Gras! : Happy #FatTuesday! Pizza and wine celebration tonight with !
WOW! They just keep coming!
and where, exactly, did you overhear that!? :)
hey there lil sexy ;-)
OH fans in #milwaukeebars...we will have a shuttle to both shows April 29th /riverside and 2 -1 drinks
That awkward moment when when your telling your friend something so hilarious and they say: You already told me! and your like "........Oh"
RT Hey fans, give and some love
Q2. Does the PLP Voices of the Revolution blog count?
was that in the vlog today???
RT : Was great to meet Tom Byers & Tina Seelig of last night.
it's a relationship. It doesn't matter if it's interracial. As long as the two people involved are happy that's all that matters.
Be jelly.
Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.
#3WordsForYou Que lo que?
iPad just shipped, will get on Friday :)
Follow --> www.miracle16.com
I got some partial result!! and I have 2days left
wow...and they still dont get it...
lucky were did u meet him
OS X Mail checking for new messages even when set to manual
People around newborn babies are So damn annoying!
Get well soon, Dez... pneumonia sucks. Better take it easy now. the fans will understand. Now, off to bed with you and rest! :)
Mark Barron, but he'll be long gone.
Thx for spreading the word Will!
The earliest recorded use of bath salts was in China in 2700 B.C. Haven't tried our bath salts yet? What are you waiting for?
Then I realized I wanted to do more than that
Spanish tiles?
Miami is gonna be insane this weekend!!
and are some type of stuletos....gotta look taller. Lol
Hope everyone has a great day!
Sea Otter 2012: Specialized offer up a blast from the past
Happy Mothers Day to my beautiful mommy <3 thanku for everything! Words cannot describe how much I love youu mom! Xoxo
I <3 Shawn & Jules. Their cuteness makes up for Josh & Donna & JD & Elliot.
Ha!! That's it!
Hi! Wine & Food Truck Pairing Dinner in last night! Contact Justin Harrison for future events!
amazing night
And a dance with Mr. Darcy?
The lean protein is doing nothing. DO NOT WANT MEAT. WANT CHOCOLATE
Why does the coat check salt the jar with $5 bills? To provide visual proof that it is ok to tip $5. The power of conformity influences us
Missed some of the #ACMs b/c someone called & wanted to bitch. Even though I asked if this could wait until the next day. They didn't care!
Wouldn't tell me because she doesn't want to make me sad or jealous but i just do understand. Were best friends. We tell each other (c)
you're right man, think they got it made. Why would you even wanna do that?! Mind boggling
Knitting, like doodling, and tweeting... keep you engaged in the topic, in learning, no?
Well hello my name is Simon, and I like to draw drawings...
horses at the barn were psycotic today.
That's it! I'm off.
D.j LAYYED OUT iN THE BEDD -.-
A8: Looking ahead, which I favor, question is how newsrooms that get digital shift can be part of building new models.
RT : DrinkMusicCity is teaming up with Jim Beam for Toostie's Orchid Lounge 51st Birthday Bash - KID ROCK is headlining
I'm not surprised!
I think "blame the victim" spans a continuum--from this instance (pirating cable shows) to Geraldo's hoodie nonsense.
can I be in the vid
So, tell us how you really feel. ;) Just kidding with ya.
big shoutout from & Promo team
ROSES ARE RED VIOLETS ARE BLUE IM BOUTTA BE SINGLE I ONT REALLY WANT U nomreee! : )
And the next morning, when they wake up dead, there'll be a record
I'm tired of school. :P
RT All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother. Abe Lincoln
did a successful first dive at day island wall. Gear's clean and drying while I relax a bit before bed.
#ChaseBank apologizes for their many mistakes but won't fix them and is now threatening foreclosure even though I am AHEAD on payments.
Thank you for the kind words!
when we're you in SFO? Where are you headed?
Fuck these sorry ass team ready to pick Mike Floyd up mane, they sorry as a bitch, fuck Arizona ans St. Louis
Good luck to my sis running the indy mini tomorrow!!
I Just Saw Orphan The Second Time amAnd Barely Noticed You Dude lol
Music City owns Motor City!
:) haha you should
We have FREE tickets to our ALL AGES show at The House Of Blues on September 5th. Direct message us to get yours now!
He's right Liver lips! RT : Follow the real Mort Goldman >>>
what's up dog. Good shit the other nite. U guys are mad talented
That pretty much sums up how I feel about Eastview any time of the year.
UFO at the bottom of the ocean?
Indeed we'll never know but, as a whole, free music on the net = less revenue for artists (and shitty sound quality)
Why do people like to talk to me while I'm tweeting, facebooking, and texting!... If u need me msg me!! Lol
Thanks, bro. I'm just along for the ride.
New day!!! New day!
Seaman Meatyard? (he was in the navy)
You don't mean Izzy? RT : Not Axl Rose?
No one does anything for me when I'm in horrible situations and I'm there for them when their situation may not even make sense.
apple pie with caramel/crumble topping.
why the FUCK has she spent the last 55 minutes talking about a Christmas Carol?
Good night (: I love you
I need some followers man. I think Twitter is finally sinking in now. LOL
U got it !“: great show. Now it's time to walk the dogs &brave the weather. See you tomorrow.”
thanks for the follow, admire the incredible work you do.
Alright, USA!! That's a start.
It looks like and #lawrence really should a good time. Well done guys!
24: love your bio! You seem nice !(: tweet me<3
I'm sure not Underestimating you!
Might just have to crank up another shirt giveaway this weekend.. Hm
I wonder whos gonna win the superbowl . I know imaa bout to see a million posts about it .
I hope everyone made it through the storms ok! Now make sure you do everything in your power to make this a great day!
Breakfast has been served at #rhokmke. Tired folks eagerly getting nourishment...and caffeine.
I feel like puking.
I really need to get my screen fixed!
haha LOVE it!
hahaha ohh]: you go to school? haha what school? and WOO CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU! you best say hi to me! aahahahaha
I be havin to tell folks that pretty often
KINGDOM! Where The Kings Dominion Is & Reigns! That's Me!! You?
BYE @ these fucking bugs trying to get past the bug screen, your wings and buzzing are annoying as fuck, you need to go.
“: How can I do that?” Don't know if you could but you would've done great & it would've been legal.Sales is sales
Roll one, smoke one.
I be really enjoying the time we all spend together
very excited about some of the ideas floating around with and - should be a lot of fun.
Russel Brand: Drug Addiction is a Health Issue, Compassion ...
We educate and inform kids, parents, etc about the dangers of synthetic marijuana! That's what we do everyday of our lives.
Gold finger is my favorite so far. Just put on Thunderball.
Looking forward to reading & craft discussion at UNLV tomorrow.
A man in a relationship trades intimacy to get sex. A woman in a relationship trades sex to get intimacy. Proverb.
Usually my good memories your bad ideas RT : Some of the best memories start with bad ideas.
Need a pillow fluffer? Or bed time story reader? Holla! ;)
I was tryna go with Tosin to the graduation but I was too under-dressed lol
That moment when comments on my status saying, "Bob Marley <3" & I posted it because of Paradise Fears, lol okay then.
We’re the ONLY company offering multi-tenant, cloud comp. If another vendor tells you they're doing this, find Chris ;)
I guess it's fitting that the day I start a 5-day silent meditation retreat (today!) is "World Communications Day"
DreAms money$$$ can buy
Best place in #Milwaukee to purchase bedding plants and veggies. Go. (cc: #MKEFoodies)
agh, we did the same thing a few weeks ago. Crazy expensive!
My first crush was named Andy and I thought he was cute because he had a crew cut and his sweatshirt made him look like a rapper. Just sayin
Oh pretty! haha
im a boobalishious ninja and i made it through the whole episode!! :D
is it Roxane with one -oxane or two? I forget.
RT : Happiness is not a reward- it is a consequence. Suffering is not a punishment- it is a result. ~Robert Green Ingersoll...
Im A #RealNigga Stand Still Nigga, I cut yo face have you lookin like Nigga
HR half way up the scoreboard at Shea that broke bulbs - a true classic moment, like in the Natural movie
A3: Keep in mind that Phil Mushnik is paid to write things to incite people's emotions. Mission Accomplished.
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me Superman.
May 13,1942: Sir Stafford Cripps, although seen as a potential successor, described #Churchill: "the best war horse in the Cabinet."
Grab you Ryan Adams tickets for his live show on 1-24-2012 at the Music Center At Strathmore Rockville, MD by calling us at: 888-493-0004
We will definitely try
So excited about today! I don't know why, some mornings I leap out of bed and feel like I can't take in enough air to feel the gratitue exp…
no, no. Drink definitely needs Anders.
do you know if the bengals are getting a throwback jersey?
There’s ups and downs in this love. Got a lot to learn in this love. Through the good and the bad, still got love.
thanks for the #ff yesterday!!! Hope you're having fun in Louisiana (:
Had such a great time with Babbie Mason today and with the guys at WMVV, and on Atlanta Live last night - love their hearts for the Lord!
I'm gonna be the main event like the good king was before.. I'm looking up I'm looking down I'm working on my #ROAR!!
Not driving sucks so bad.
Nice hat.
Paul Krugman: Ben Bernanke Has &#39;Been Assimilated By The Borg&#39;
ok, this is crazy! I just said something about #Mormonism on my FB page, and now my account is "temporarily unavailable."...
got it! Thanks for your help!
what's your favorite type of sandwich?
#Meetthepress, blah, blah, blah... we know the positions, we know the reality... #Dems don't like capitalism, and that's what works in USA
When TV sales people say "this offer won't last long", they're right. It'll be at Rite Aid 30% cheaper next month.
“: for sure! How about #promoyourself?” or shorter - #PromoUrSelf ?
still calm at Jamison Square as police continue to arrest #OccupyPortland protesters
How about LinkedIn? I know it's supposed to be for job hunting, but I've never heard if it's effective, esp. in our field.
Lucky you. I'm pretty surprised my account/server it's located on hasn't gotten rolled out. *twiddles thumbs*
Hanging out with <333
Chillin with dominic
that's how rumers get started!
Waiting to get in the theater for #thehungergames. Glad I got tickets a week ago.
We love all sorts of music!
#Nuggs look like they let this game get too big for them. Good to get it out of the way. Series starts Tuesday.
Sometimes I find my head spinning. Not because of alcohol, but because of my life
RT 4th: "Had a great time hosting Webby Awards. Super happy for Man of the Year Jimmy Fallon. Will post some jokes tomorrow."
M...(; Looks a lot like AustinMahone xD
Man! I wish we were in the same time zone!
Plus it's much more fun to bust your balls about it.
Heydrich says court should be "careful" about "picking" at something that is going to be "so important to the community"
#Magic fans >>>> #Heat fans
#1111 make a wish make a wish and say I hope you would RT this :)))) <3
email me the details!
text me
That awesome moment when tweets you and you flip out!<3;)
sorry I never texted you back! My phone died! Text ya when I can :-*
lol I know my teacher didn't tell u tht
Sick as a dog. In bed. Chicken noodle soup. Green tea. Sleep. :(
we don't even remember why we're fighting...
: Paying a terrible price today for yesterdays celebrations!!
Nothing like starting the week of w corporate prayer. Def ready for this week ahead.
Why do you say that?
Happy Monday everyone. If you love #NBA #LAKERS #OKC #76Ers #CELTICS #Follow us
Dear world, forgive me 4 having the gall to believe that me, lil ole me, the girl with the curls, can be a conglomerate. Mrs. Politics DC
is starting to work
We've already learned more in the first 2 minutes than we did all last season, so that's a start.
:) cool . follow me : daretobeme . I totally follow back :)
There's a special place in Hell for people like you, Sam. A special place indeed.
I looked at my mom and said "Talkin bout some beach curls". She looked like WTF! Lol
yeah I gave up its like they skip over my tweets lols
I'm going to pray for thoes on my TL RIGHT NOW
good luck today!
use the coupon code SHLOVE to get 15% off :)
#ThankYouCody for everything that's all I can say. You're #thefinest. Enough said. You've changed peoples lives in a positive way.
Happy 100th birthday to Arizona!
Today's the day! Show starts at 8pm,corner of 5th&main! We aren't sure how we're gonna fit 100 people in that basement, but you should come!
who doesnt like big time rush
Lol this late really?? Somebody hungry? lol
Now I've got that song stuck in my head!
Everybody getting all preggo and shit...sorry kids are the one responsibility I'll delay as much as I can
Me too! Wah :( Good luck on your exam, love you!
success from the perspective of the anit-amendment group
Sure. If our mission is to "rescue the evidence" for ex., people don't need to be on-site to help.
night sleep well!... <3
For Romney, a prole is anyone without a ski house. So the kids qualify.
I hate driving my mom's car ☹
Next time you gotta come thru to the N'Dulgence Showroom to get Fly!! We're located right here in Chicago.
we were chubby little kids. 😒
Yes and No lol Cause someone will always feel different from you and views #Good conversation I enjoyed that
#BestInventionEver yoga pants
Ah, I'm hip to Downton Abbey finally. A small browser window is just right for studying.
#20ThingsAboutMe 7. I smile a lot.
very sad the only time you hear the blues now on TV or radio is a Viagra ad
I feel you I'm tired too!
No idea, but are the circles man made?!
The word 'funnovation' came up in serious context during a meeting today. That's a self-defeating portmanteau if I ever heard one ...
Thank you, Tammy!
lol I be on the same shit
I'm afraid i have bad news for !! como le doy la mala noticia??
not much you?
too bad breaks over...way to rub it in! haha..you're still probably winning with leftover bday cake in Rockville!
So I'm pretty sure I have figured out where the #madmen storyline is going this season.
rocks at
Happy Birthday to the Handsome & Talented, Awesome !
About to have lunch/meeting in a hour, ready to get out in this beautiful Sacramento weather.
can't believe season three filming is over!!!
RT To win a FREE Copy of Dale Evans: Beyond the Happy Trails from
Never look down to test the ground before taking your next step; only he who keeps his eye fixed on the far horizon will find his right r...
I tweet this every morning. But seriously, my cats are so annoying.
Two giraffes at the zoo died due to stress... In related news they closed down 4 more big and tall stores.
Thanks for the RT and for a great meeting this evening!
have a great day with mom wish I still had mine xo
Join us for Thanksgiving! Chef Tom started cooking today! The party starts Wednesday Night......
We know you’ve been waiting and its finally here! Tonight is the 1st episode of the 4th season of #MidsomerMurders, at 8pm on MPTV 36.
SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS NORMA...HOLLER IF YA NEED ME...T/F/S...
Thank you! Will try that :)
Covered in flour...
Oh hey, holidays. Looks like I won again. In your face.
Sure thing!
Ya GO USA I watched the whole game --did u see the last goal?? Haha amazing
Cold Weather? WBC will have heaters..158 different kinds of them, to be exact. Stop being such a baby pants.
transfer to medford high and use 's address
you awake?
Palatin Remodeling/Agoura Hills is offering $750 off a full kitchen and $650 off a full bathroom remodel to all Diversity Platinum members.
no body no crime.
never tweets me! I'm highly upset :-( ..... lol
A life is a very delicate thing, but has a profound effect on everything else around it. Please handle with care.
Hahhh, i know it did(; Lol, hes in one of the crews on americas best dance crew. yummmmay(;
you got this! #Insanity is a legit ass whoopin!
I needa change my avi y'all my cousin hating ??
I could make my uncle a YouTube star
I requested of Governor Pickens a pass to Fort Sumter, where I would confer with Major Anderson. It was granted without hesitation.
Cool! is tweeting their lunch menu every morning!
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labour the body.
:D. I can say the same about you!!
You mean the ?
His meditations on freedom and the horrors of war must be read against the background of slavery / J. Aleman
I saw him at USF. Great speaker.
Still convinced that "Breakout" is just about Dave Grohl's struggle with acne.
Saddle ranch is where the party is AT! Thanks Brent ahahaha
Hi, I like the work you are doing and I'm going to sign up for your online pgrm for professionals. Thanks! Therese'
You can't photoshop your ugly personality..
ay got a new plan for the clothing line. #HighStandard..lookin to get 100 shirts printed within the next week
Oh. Sorry about the glitch! Good thoughts? Mean thoughts? : )
Thank you! Appreciate it.
The pedals came off the spinner and back on the road bike. It was great to get some REAL miles in today.
The Republic!
"Look there's an empty can go get it" - Father of the year
AWW :-D thank you. it was a great experience.
I can't wait to buy it! I've been excited about the release since I heard your version of "swingin'" :-)
I'm being optimistic but it wouldn't kill me to not get tix. Where u watching the game on Fri?
Dear referees, fouls should be called when there is actual contact, not when you feel one team needs a lift.
thanks Rick! :)
Met Scott from last night at Crystal Ballroom at the Jeff Mangum show! Go #Halos!
RT : Planning a volunteer day for members of SFC HIgh School Chorus team to install #cleanwater filters in #Fiji Fun!\\...yum!
The Republican pres nomination circus isn't nearly as entertaining without Cain, Bachman, and now
play nice before they are fined
which #oomf is going to work for me? dont wanna
interesting promotion strategy, at once modern and victorian. anyhow, thanks for the reads.
Yea Maryland >>> : BREAKING: Lottery official: Winning Mega Millions ticket sold in Maryland; unknown if others sold -JM
what is that?
I come straight with no chaser...
I figured a lot of Mahomies could relate to it(:
UNM students, faculty, staff- free flu shots today & 2morro 10-2. @ S.U.B.
Thanks! wait. we didn't speak, did we? did i not recognize you?
She would be mine if she could rap
I don't like being swindled or used!
“ Gemini wants for the relationship to be always new and different & so spontaneity and mixing up of routine must take place”
Who's coming to our #grandopening tomorrow?
Got on twitter and saw a timeline full of ppl who got wasted last nite
Sunflower seeds, Green tea, and a mango for lunch. I think I like being a vegan ;)
Bros before hoes .... MFS in THIS Generation dont do that shit nomore .. These Niggas will Snake they friends for a BITCH smh
"Where Have You Been" will forever be the greatest song.
thank you, i really needed that today
Keep the past and the present separate -2 chains.
Man what's good with this fronting shit???
cleaning my room is always a bitch.
its 11:11 it would make my wish come true if u would please follow me back I'll cry if u don't :( <33333333333333
I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care.
lol no more quotes. i fucking need to sleep, mom is gonna kill me...
I would hate to see the hard way!
There is pretty bad service over here... -_-
lol thanks but why?
WE R Playin Arena Queens on May 27th. 10pm
Boston Globe just named a&g as one of the top five places to work
is bringing me turkey tuesday today. did last week. Who's next week? :)
Reminds me of the good old days :)
Whoops. *Without spellcheck*, not with. Geez. Hello, brain, can you please work today? Thanks. Love, Drew.
J notes its a personal choice thing--some students want to figure it out themselves no matter how long it takes.
"The Southern rebels have fired the first shot without squeezing a trigger," Mr. Lincoln told me. "I shall have to respond."
It shows a lot of compassion
#Excellence is a process that should occupy all our days.~Ted W. Engstrom
Oh. A fancy new Coca-Cola Freestyle machine in West Seattle. Only tried raspberry and orange versions of Diet Coke before needing to pee!
what happened to today?
HubSpot ultimately became the best solution to practicing inbound marketing and tracking its effectiveness
Swerve... Swerve... Swerve
I hae to say... That i love twitter more than facebook
Happy Easter 2 everybody .... but how many of you know who its really about ?
Day 2 of Bathroom Redo: put in plumbing for shower and shower pan We found some dangerous wiring under the ceiling w/Burnt insulation scary
Things can only get better from here! #broncos #CUbuffs We hope : /
quite a few years ago, there was a coffee house in Rice Village called Mientje. Does anyone else remember it?!
So excited for happy hour tonight I can barely contain my excitement!
Hello there... It was/is such an awesome day in GA ! Hope you enjoyed Ur day ~ #whereverUAre :-)
easy money! I was in section 2 too so nothing was runnin & I have 2 tomorrow too!!
11 minutes into the Oscars and we've already had a host who texted his way onto the stage and a shout out to lesbians...
Another reason for outside tech writers. Your company only has an occasional need for documentation services.
We love you too and thank you for all your referrals. RT : We love our friends at ! RSW hoodies ........
“: can we just go to lunch & get some fancy burgers haha” I want steak and fries!
Checking out The Rumpke Mountain Boys tonight.
I'm the only guy here without a full beard.
Woot! Will be a good, sweet weekend! Thx!
RT“: Whoever wrote the comedy for tonight's Oscars should write obituaries.”
#askbilas Are you going to Al's Bar on 6th and Limestone after the game? It's a cool place.
My tweets wont load!
Everything change when that money come.
We shall see where my new home away from home is! ☺
Celebrate Ralf 8th bday tonight (his bday was yesterday) at the Milwaukee Ale House
I do (hand raised and waving in the air)!
and I are talking about Bratz Dolls and Barbie's haha
Tim Duncan doesn't draw the eyeballs with his style, but just watch him. It's a treat. Special player. Not sure they'll be another.
Intel,, and fun
I've heard old cunning stagers Say, fools for arguments use wagers. - Samuel Butler (1)
If that were the case, then Daft Punk would definitely be playing at your house... your house.
Thanks for helping us spread the word about the food waste webinar on May 29th! , Will you be attending?
Congrats!!! on your #lastfall premiere at
I am not the kind of girl who should be rudely barging in on a white veil occasion.
I will. I wanted an unlocked HTC One S but there isn't one that works on T-Mobile.
oh my god, shut up, it's literally like the best series ever. You should read them, if you're not too cool :(
BootsRiley OEA is now on board as official supporters of the 12/12 West Coast Port Shutdown. True? about 1 hour ago
jus got up n ready to eat leftovers fum lastnight my stomach is on a mission lol
U got the wrong person. I don't have a blog-especially not one about pumpkin beers :)
Over 20 yrs ago, as Dir of Staff Dev, invited theatre prod. on #eol for RN's dealing w 3 codes w/in a week. Extremely effective. Powerful.
I hate volunteering at Glades but I need hours
#SongsPlayedDuringSex I love college
Who knows what modern franchise-management might yield? Probably a new computer-graphics 3D version of the game, RPGs, comics, etc.
Less than a week away! Denver fans get your tickets soon! Feb 26th we return. Gothic Theater 16+. Hit me me up for tix and get a free CD! RT
Happy monday! Only 4 days until Friday!!
Annoyed! When your home after surgery and have no one to visit with, it would be nice if your boyfriend would text you back!
Football season is upon us! Celebrate with new gridiron themed Custom and Micro Beds up now!
i got you
S/O to doing it big
I would love to see the Paul delegates & the "Romney" delegates for Paul get a little payback at the convention for all the GOP's bs so far
RT “: Thinking of going vegan or vegetarian? Skinny Bitch Book of Vegan Swaps can help you eat!!”
Ty for following us !! Wishing you a fun-filled Monday. :)
I wish you knew , how much i wanna be with you.
we also offer same day delivery for locals!
Lol RT : Facebook is going public because they couldn't figure out the privacy settings either.
uh-oh am I bothering you? hope im not
Look forward with hope. Back with gratitude. Up with faith. On both sides with love;))))
That was me last night.
N'sync on the radio...I don't want to spend one more Christmas without you either, Justin. Sorry
People still buy that garbage saying 'This has 10% juice' Every time I explain: 1 bottle of juice + 9 of water + coloring.
When you get food between your teeth >>
I'm my own sites webmistress, plus I do other sites so long weekends means playing catchup for days. Good thing I love it! =)
My friend Kathryn better finish Insurgent by soon so I can have my copy back and READ THAT SHIZ!
which meeting are you attending?
thanks for the follow nice avi ;)
The Dallas Mavs Victory Parade is scheduled for Thursday, June 16 at 10 a.m.
just did
Maybe a integration would be useful!
Don't forget, LDCM is open all weekend long. Saturday 10-5, Sunday noon-5, and Monday 9-4. Happy Memorial Day!
Just met 's our official rockstar photographer who will be snapping photos tomorrow! And his swag is out of this world!!
I'll help make em man
Let us know if you are ever speaking in #Seattle #Bellevue or #Tacoma! :-)
Christmas special round 2
We gotta work on getting you down here. I can only imagine the finished piece , didn't know you guys did this type of artwork RT
Random throw-back uni night? Anyone know what the occasion is?
What did you do at the gym?
I am black. I am an immigrant. I have a PhD. I will leave my house today. I will wear a hoodie. There is no guarantee.
OKC beating the hell outta the Lakers
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL U BEAUTIFUL, STRONG, DETERMINED, HUSSLING, FOCUED, SACRIFICING, HARD WORKING MOTHERS!! SINGLE & MARRIED
Picking daughter up from school & headed to the gym. Have to work out some frustration of this day. Then will enjoy my weekend.
I don't like when the one person I want to talk to is in a bad mood and I feel like im annoying them
it's kind of lost its flair...getting a little too complicated, but still funny
Gosh I told myself that I wouldnt do this but I'm in my pajamas
It's possible that the Prasads were running the scam using 's identity. Maybe just wishful thinking since we've tweeted....
nice Canadian tv people somehow manage to fit "former" before the strategist title for me, something US nets can't manage to do
my gift is my song, yeah, and this one's for you.
Its friday !
Life is crazy
Well now she's going to know who did it! Thanks a heap, !
AWESOME Night at Tabula Rasa! A big shout out to Quintella!!!!
talking about club Hush on :)
is FULL of #sassitude right now.
I DONT WANT TO DO HOMEWORK
Ah I love math-rock so much! #math #rock #mathrock been jamming meet me in stlouis all night! And a bit of The Reptillian
I've lost my senses of taste and smell... :( on the plus side a loss of voice keeps me from having to speak in class when I am so tired.
There are multiple Client Applications in our inbox this morning. Great way to start the day.
you got it!
any news on the witness who has came forward in Isabella Celis case?
thanks for the follow! I like your tweets! Happy Friday!
absolutely. someone's going in the water. who is the question RT : Not confident w/ anyone's score until they get on green at 18.
Hi i Caroline, I hope to do a container sale with them!
Battier hands down. Hes one of the few guys that gives Kobe a problem. An injured Manu wont be too much of a challenge.
Watching Whitney Houston's funeral... Clive Owen is Rudy Giuliani's doppelgänger.
I know it's hard to cut a troubled child off no matter their age. $$$ drain. Isn't #GZ married? Was she there?
Poised Creation is now building our network of non-profit charity organizations to work alongside.
.... Silent treatment starts now.
Out of all that dissonance came some great harmony. Thank YOU for caring enough to light us up! Now, let's get to some drinks!
you go girl
can i have a ticket for x-factor hahahhahahahah project x was so good last night
yalls this month right?
Never trust a dude in a tunic.
wow! Kudos on your coverage of this important story!
Grumpy Starbucks work environment turned sunshine and lollipops as Patsy Cline whispers from the speakers. Thanks Patsy.
A Sense of Humor will get you farther in Life than a Sense of Direction...unless You are looking for the Bathroom. ~ Lisa Morgan
Being startled awake is never fun. Damn you, bad dream.
has seen it and spent time out there near the ranch
i was gonna dm you but you dont follow me..you just retweet me.. #wellthisisawkward ;P haha
Done :) : Yea your new bro is going to come with us to NYC May 28-June 2...Let's meet up cause I miss ...
Thanks for the follow, Gerald! See you guys on April 19 at
Silly question but does class start at 10 or 10:30 today? B/c the syllabus says 10:30 but I could have sworn you said 10 in class...
no clue steel high??
I thought you did. Of course!
Spoke today with wonderful caring case workers of Philadelphia #foster care
I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today. ~William Allen White~
