You'll have to visit Maui and see the whales here. A sight to be seen!
that ball was CRUSHED. Almost hit the stupid HR gizmo
can u email me my beautiful pic
Open mic tonight. 7pm sign-up, 7:30 lottery. See you there!
I know... I should go to jail now, right?! -__-
I did not change out of my pajamas today. And I feel pretty good about it.
In my kitchen there is homemade granola and a jug of homemade ice tea. These things make me happy.
Thanx for the RT! When you're in downtown stop by!
I wonder if there's a shazam for finding out what languages purple are speaking? I wish... #whatthefuckareyouspeaking lol
18 years later, and I still get moody around this time of year. If you know me, if you've read me, you can figure out why.
Brace yourselves
ah sun out again in chicago. we need it. but...rain and maybe snow coming soon. you gotta be a survivor to live in chicago.
Just between you and us, we're better than queuenoodle in sheer handsomeness
Last night at "home" for quite awhile.. Back to #Milwaukee tomorrow!!
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Star Trek: The Search For Titties
I get more compliments from guys than I do girls...
Ok now! housing these fools in LA!! #finallyfamous ... let's go!! Yeah boy! We do it!
Brunch is the new Sinatra at the Sands.
Thanks for RTs, Alan!
I approve of chicken coops. However, no one should be assembling coops after 8pm.
it says the poll is closed?
So we're going to Bravo Bravo?
Youth Football Coaches should be the most educated teachers in the country, their students suffer the most from their lack of knowledge.
OVERHEARD: "Q: Wasn't Morroco this first country to diplomatically recognize the US? A: If you don't count the Scotch Irish." Cue: Laughter
Fear not, little flock, for it is your Father’s good pleasure to give you the kingdom. (Luke 12:32)
Sorry if I offend anybody but I don't like Taurus or Scorpios
follow me on instagram
but to sum it all up, my nigga makes great music to listen to
Time to scratch that itch #partyrockin with vcr in Denver
Research Group: a good showing. One approach: "who are the audiences" for the research? This group clearly need describe good practice
don't have to read, just ask. We're not trying to be complicated- would actually rather not be
| Thanks for the follow Ray!
If doesn't stop picking her damn nails in my car she's gonna be riding the bus!!! Nasty ass
are you thinking what I'm thinking? #quesooff bring on the cheese biotch.
I got my first dehydration headache today.
i love grant hill too :/
hey i love #MaryMary!
is it stupid that I want to see The Lucky One?
That awkward moment when the boy you like says you should get a boyfriend.
I laughed, I cried, I laughed until I cried... that was an awesome movie.
Werner Herzog sidestepped yet another awful Q&A moderator & obnoxious Qs w/a gracious, insightful presentation tonight
Jeez why doesn't anyone want to talk to me today? Do I smell or something???
“: all hours!” word
Still worth getting checked on with such an important event coming up.
STOP BYE GET FREE TICKECT TO VALENTIMES RAFFLE! FREE LOTTO TICKET BETWEEN 2-4PM SUPPLIES LIMMITED! FROM ! FREE RAFFLE! WE BUY GOLD,SILVER!
Perfect weather in LA, who wants to come street skating with us?!?
ILL NEVER LET YOU GO I'LL NEVER LET YOU GO
Governor Perry, nobody wants a child for a president.
Before you came into my life I missed you so bad! I missed you SO SO bad ;) #NotEmbarrassed!
Kevin good morning, hope all is well. The Google Local listings we do for Pool guys, get amazing results. Call (949) 407-6253
"get on the championship channel"
Things change, People change, but one thing remains the same if your true to yourself.. your heart & soul.
Thanks all, Sean Putman, outside Detroit with my head spinning after this :)
The Purpose of Life is to Live a Life of Purpose! - Richard Leider ~ What's yours?
The report on stop & frisk is terrifying. I knew the issue & thought I knew the extent of it. Before I was mad. Now I'm outraged.
Tonight is the night! Magic Castle!!
Is it wrong that I've already looked up pictures of Ryan Tannehill's wife?
Note buy chair for desk, but w
I love you . Please retweet or follow me (:
Got a 19 out of 20 on my speaking assessment in Spanish ✌
haha yea lyn Pedro and Adrian u know which ones are about Pedro
so perfect I can't sleep :D
One person dead another critical at a house fire in south Minneapolis. More at 8 on
Hey you need tot text me back:)
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, "Do you know how to drive this thing?"
shows up 5 minutes late. Event starts without him.
Im sick i hope it doesnt get worse it can go either way...
Any reports of damage from the tornado warnings? Where was the rotation?
how long are you going to out in the lots today?
My teeth keep biting me
We appear to be available generally again (thanks, ). Let us know if you're still blocked from accessing MTPO.
We are celebrating Poetry Month with readings in the Artsgarden today starting at 12:15.
ha! Awesome. I will when i get off work!
i can contrl myself. though people dont think so. lol but my liver is a champ. haha.
Are there any restrictions on cameras for the matches?
Y'all sleeping on Lloyd Banks lol
twitter+tumblr+food= happy happy joy joy
That would be awesome!
and brag about getting the "hottest" bitchez ~fat~
I gotta multitask better
If we should get separated, just whistle. I'll come running. I promise.
From at LeMoyne College: "Don't ever be surprised about what's being said about you in real time." Good heads up!
What must sex be like for you then? Oh my.
Mike Wallace needs to realize he isn't even a top 5 receiver in the league and just sign your contract
I didn't even know they were still around
(Jen) Was working at the dining table to knock off some tasks, now moving to The Cave for more focused work. Listening to Swell Season.
HAPPY EASTER #PITTSBURGH FANS!
thx so much...I'm going to Italy soon...great advice
Rest in Peace John Stott.
you're beautiful :p
motherfucker once thought it'd be funny to refer to me as "Cudi"... #WhyDoIStillLiveHereEven?
Hopefully just chillin with my sissy today.
More new arrivals...Savinelli's 20th Anniversary cigar is now on the shelves of our walk-in humidor and is an instant hit!
Once a good girl gone bad, she's gone forever
Hey Bullets Fans, what's on your agenda today?
- how long since you've lived there? Half the town was employed at International.
I believe. Would love nothing better this afternoon for to manhandle the Pats. I'm a fan.
Don't worry - there's a NYC #THATcamp in the fall!
I have visited your tea lounge in San Francisco and loved the ambiance! Would love it if you followed us back :)
the censored google logo is a nice touch.
Had a great time too; all that was missing was bubble tea.
Beyond scared straight
The world needs more of this! " I just met with the homeless woman...and we've mapped out a plan to get her off the streets."
So close. Yet so far away.
Check YouTube-HIT SQUAD REUNION
If you have to constantly remind Facebook how much you love your boyfriend, you may have problems..
Just happy being me.. !
an excuse to kick you in the junk?
I just learned what a beta reader is.
Re: Delaying driver intro's is ike having a velvet Elvis in your bathroom.
Pretty! I'm always a fan of updos.
wild, huh?!? How has your freedom been so far?!?
we drove two blocks, got out of our cars, some dude started saying stuff, got in cars, left. 5 mins of Bmore is all I need lol.
RT : We are like angels with just one wing. We can only fly by embracing each other. Anonymous
Oldest decided to give "MOM" a code name for the weknd so as to not upset the youngest. She will be known as NEMO this weknd.
Kudos to you for locating Brownie's owner! A feel-good moment. Wish I could've seen more of the story.
Well, I'm an omnivore and would love to try 3 Little Pigs.
likemind is tomorrow around the world, and in Chicago at Argo Tea at Adams and Dearborn in the Loop - see you there!
Our new shower head makes you feel like you have cum shots on your face!!
Every time I see #MegynKelly I just can't stop thinking about "Pepper spray--it's a food product, essentially."
True dat, Hunter!
Thanks for this, great article.. would have missed it were it not for your tweet!
The love i feel here in Milwaukee is intense. It is raining & i am playing bar dice with some of the best people ever! God Bless this town.
I think you'd like it. Zombies, open world, gore, lots of stuff. Congrats on the marriage btw. That's some killer shit.
The one that I said I needed to read The Hunger Games
#10FactsAboutMe I'm really shy at first when I meet someone.
Fuck off Facebook...
shit got serious
I found my poems! They were lost in cyberspace for years! Wow, a time capsule.
The French theory of economics and response to the growing specter of catastrophe still appears to be "Let them eat cake"
Now soldiers, march away and how thou pleasest God, dispose the day.
and jessica made it :D but joshua is incredible
The Wi-Fi on this train is routing via Sweden, Google is appearing in Swedish. National Express East Anglia
. Right, online also improves conferences. Allows discussion to overflow proscribed times when useful
And it's time for the reference desk. I should have taken lunch first.
Who just ordered a Raspberry Pi? This guy! Should be here in...a month :/
Why does it seem like my name is always spelled wrong or mispronounced?
Oh, I think I'm getting sick.
Could there BE a better cold day lunch special? A Petite Grilled Cheese Sandwich with Jack Cheese, Cheddar Cheese, and Tomatoes, served...
Exhaustion. Swinging around punchy.
“: Headed out to Lunch.. Any takers I'm Buying :))”/. Where we going? ;)
Thanks to for the lovely interview this morning! Video and recap will be up on our blog soon.
Can't wait for the lakers to lose!!!!!!!!!!
Jill Peterson~ It is because they took the easy way out That rivers and people go crooked.
What time are the ustreams tomorrow??:)
I'm a jealous person .. What can I say:/
Decided for straight chronology over forms of social complexity.
I wanna go!
Slick wanted to go to school today...
Saying HEY to all my new #followers!
Can't go through this stress again tomorrow!!
*Ahem* How about Austin's kewlest indie fashion design collective? ;)
Obey the TRuCK!
Back in Potomac after a great week in Stone Harbor.
At home and sick...and the playstation network is still down...lame
My bitch bad looking like a bag of money
I see you
"Most orgs are filled w/people spending 90% of their time doing the easy part; the tasks that require little insight & have no ambiguity..
Fort Mill, SC is very nice. Nashville has over 20 Y's.
": I been ready to hop up on a dick n do a full split and eat a bitch out"i got u holla
“: Girls make better drug dealers lol”
yes. My whole semester been like this. Reason I always be mia :(
Tonight's Special: 1/2 lbs Sirloin Patty, Mama Lil's Peppers, Bleu Cheese, Caramelized Onions, Aioli, Lettuce & Tomato on a Kaiser Roll.
HAPPY BeLaTed Birthday i saw shoes at the store and it said bella so it reminded me that i forgot to say happy birthday
Late aft wx models consistent at keeping bulk of snow just south of immediate area: 1-3" possible, with some slick spots for AM commute.
Alex is the family wizard???
"Anyone can be heroic from time to time, but a gentleman is something you have to be all the time.” - Luigi Pirandello
Its great to hear stuff like this from players up in the league. You got fans out here in Boston.
Thanks guys. We appreciate all you do for the #foodtruck community here in DC.
Or short term liquidity problem. | RT : Endorsement or joining the race?
#TaylorLautner #Cool #TeamKirkandBrad I am wearing my Team Kirk shirt right now. Starting a trend.
#mattdamon = honorary member of the
Just bought my senior citizen clothes for tomorrow. It's about to go down
Duguid:Librarians know about the structure of information, not necessarily information itself. There they have the edge on Google.
Cheers Jason. Happy to be here and thanks.
I'll bet you a pair of Walt Williams' socks the Kings don't move.
i attempted it..
Christmas is already here.. (:
hi sean!! how are you? i miss you & jade a ton!! will be in cali 13-20 we should catch up... :-)
hey, when is the team store gonna be updated? cant wait to get me jersey!
Building a flying saucer for an old school special effects video.
separate, they're both very talented. Together they are enablers who drag each other down.
Vision without execution is a daydream. Execution without vision is a nightmare.
Want to manage your lines through the web? We're rolling it out TONIGHT. Add/Delete your lines online and then run them on your phone!
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
got it chief
Can we get links to the Japan and cancer videos shown during lunch? Thanks!! Tearing up at
stay strong we all got ur back =)
pnuemonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis....lung disease.
S/O to my boy Have a good one!
It was hopping in there today! Thanks for your help w/ the City Life materials. Look for an e-mail from me soonish.
Thank you for following me Orlando. You're my favorite young actor. You were da bomb in That's so Raven. So proud of you O
It must always relate directly to how life is better for everyone
Caller: "Have any cute soft bunnies?" Us: "We do! So Cute #JellyCat R the best & we even have HABA 4 the wee little ones"
a phaser and a pimpin' ring. That guy is made of win. I can't even put together ikea furniture!
we will be coming up at some point, and i will let you know for realz
oh alright
Believe in your dream, believe in yourself, with hard work, then the magic happens! Jobs get booked. Agents get signed.
haha o yea but still:}
24: 1 every hour. I dare you to! RT : How many red bulls are u allowed to drink in 24hrs???
Yes. There are so many other series/heroes/legends out there that could be tackled.
yahoo news writes a lot of pointless crap. and i still read it -__-
Back from furlough and cleared over 1000 emails from box, high incident of OOR spam...
If Ron Artest is Metta World Peace then Manny Ramirez is Metta Domestic Violence
hey you at home? Im at Lee's right by you.
Congrats on graduating!!! Also thanks for the picture we definitely have it on our fridge! Lol
it won't let me follow u back
haha yes please! :D
Experiment #2 with coconut milk using the crockpot was, I think, a success! Much less water loss, haven't tasted it yet though.
Been using Screens by to manage my remote Mini - not sure how a game would hold up though
very cool - thanks for sharing!
My legs are so muscular. Its nice that I have muscle but them mile runs aren't very easy:(
Excited to #run tomorrow. Officially on the mend!!! Only 8 months to heal.*sigh*
Oakland woman thriving in dressage - San Francisco Chronicle
aww thats cool!! Ill probably have to get it bootlegged!! Lol!! Jaykay!!!!
Fuck all DRUGS DEALERS.
GOAT RT: The make show girl show not like the stupid dumb fucking piece of shit The Glee. He make most intelligent
I'm a big bitly fan, if a tool doesn't sync with my account, I'm less-likely to use and recommend it #diehard :)
Damn put the #stanford on suicide watch!! 2 missed field goals in the last 5 minutes
Yes, it's from your "Argument in favor of the kindergartener." My 6-year ol' sings lead on album tho' Mama replaces him for this one
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate don't order nothing you wouldn't order if you was paying
I shall call him Squishy and he shall be mine and he shall be my Squishy. Come on, little Squishy. [stung] Ow! Bad Squishy, bad Squishy! ha
It does feel like there's a bit of a glut in more "traditional" areas of LIS, but maybe it's also an opportunity to branch out?
Tropical green smoothie and organic Mac and cheese
lol. It's dope at the end.
So many #NFLdraft tweets & I'm helping pack listening to 'I love the 90s' on #currentlyplaying Jay-Z "Can I Get A..."
Indie Thursday !! Music starts at 10 with performances by The Pick Brothers followed by The Crunge Tribute Band. No Cover
Going home to do laundry and to read for my test tomorrow.
I'm writing a #onedirection fan fiction If u think I should tweet it RT this! If I get up to 20 RT I'll tweet it! =)
Idk what the. Eveey time i send someone something it takes them 483839 days to.get it. Idk what im dooin wrong
Knock this run out, then knock out some Woodford during the game!
haha super creepy !! ^.^ lmao I know that's what I'm doing :) I'm shopping !!
Thanks for the follow back! And, for checking out the website www.GetDealsTextedtoyou.com Have a great day!
Angelina Jolie looks terrible, I don't understand why "Hollywood" praises this woman.
She favorited AND retweeted my tweet....
you up n at em for work?
Bout to tear up some long John silvers. Just hope it doesn't tear me up lolol
Red Sox fan comes back to win after down 3, just like BoSox in 2004 ALCS.
Watching softball
Getting off of here bye
Just found out etsy has mobil now =) I'm a happy bird
Self or independently published...Thanks for asking, tweeted again with more clarification!
Happy Easter, fans...here's to Jesus, the original zombie!
The new 2 and half is more like ONE AND HALF!! The show is opposite of winning
thanks! Can you help me with the others?
It's been one hell of a day at work, only 1 and a half hours left!
Heading to
That was probably the best tweet we've recieved all week, haha.... just kidding- He's all grown up!
Breadsticks from fazolis sound amazing at the moment.
for a mission trip.
Did you already make the move? I need deets about your location, excited to see you soon!
If you own a restaurant, I think your business email address should be .
yes.. they do.
wats up wit lil sis tellin me she know who u are
Let the love in your heart be the voice that guides you. ~Jackie L. Robinson
My Blues made it now time for the Pens to even it up.
I hope you dont mind that I put down in words how wonderfull live is, when you are in the world. To Aaron, my crush!!!
they're after you
lmao, for your mama u said it
Thanks. Let me know what you think. Big announcement in a bout 10 days
Did they already pillage the Numero Group pop-up shop?
Visual heat maps don't have much impact when they are printed out in black and white. Must read on the screen!
beautiful here in Springfield! Hot!
Look for Melissa Simmons who is representing
Happy Halloween!
Now playing dodgeball
An exciting fashion-tech biz : TrendSeeder - give emerging #designers a space to showcase their designs.
I'm actually kinda surprised at the amount of ppl in the gym at 10 on a Friday night
that was not the video I meant to send...
Watching #MADE on MTV and I'm kmsl at this tag that's trying to be a rapper I haven't seen this in so long!
Fave quote, Lady Astor: Winston, if u were my husband, I'd poison ur tea. Churchill: Nancy, if I were ur husband, I'd drink it.
Anyone else expecting to pop out now on this "Like a Prayer" #Madonna song?
Faith is the confidence that what we hope for will actually happen; it gives us assurance about things we cannot see. - Hebrews 11:1 (NLT)
playing drums at rockwood 2 tonight. Have a great show!
My pool is at 80 degrees. Officially backyard pool season!
new music creators are welcome to
RT“ I feel like I've wasted too much time on the wrong people, but at the same time I've learned alot so its all good.”
seen it!!! Not that good. You will have like a million questions by the end!
you? i seen it and was like, awwwwwh.
thats #winning moment when your one of the few (as of now) that follow on viddy :D
Now you know you're old if you're laughing at Mash...
inspired kid movie rating system. How many glasses of wine to get through it still sane? Lion King 2 must be at least 2.
Office candy bowl, why must you tempt me with your chocolate deliciousness!?!? If only it was filled with nerds or sweet tarts.
lmfao hell yea
good. Here on my lunch break. I miss you. Can I see you this weekend?
Does it matter what they give? we get one of our guys at 3 or 5. might as well add an extra mid-round pick
OMG THAT PLACE SOUNDS SO GAY
enough with the #'s! you'r not cool... tough love...
Great job to todays directors..Sarah, Sophie, Brittni, and Kyle!
Ok... I keep checkin like every 10min. Lol. I see #1-4 then it goes straight to #8 and
Oh I love those two songs I'll listen viva la vida right now !*)
Quick Hits: Toddler Facebook Profiles – Too Much? In today's Quick Hits, we talk about toddlers on Facebook, Facebook's new "t
you started painting my cooler yet?
I'm around the corner at 2012 campaign coverage.
as in the singles crowd....duh
"this item can be considered as a piece of future archaeology, a container of information contemporary to its making"
Only the best for us #priorities RT many thanks to for the ticket upgrade to first class
Working on developing contacts with real buyers for REO's, T-Strips, CMO's and Bank Guarantees
- bring Scott down to Fort Lauderdale :-)
Passing through Manchester Vt and lots of vacated store fronts. Even in the outlet center. Yeah, things are great. NOT!
Thanks to everyone that came out last night and especially to , Harper and of
Hm, that must be when dinosaurs ruled the Earth, if not before.
of course! Thank YOU for getting the word out there :D
so was I loll
old man driving a car with "i love kids" bumper sticker....those damn kids.
So, does anyone know anyone who's hurt themselves (at least a little) walking/texting at same time? Msg Pls RT
That moment where a friend breakup may be on the horizon??
I am watching you live on WSOP.com. You are doing great!!
What will we be having on the menu this morning? I think I'll have life.... Sunny side up =)
How romantic!
Btw good morning tweeters!
o awesome! Did you guys win?
Enjoying a day/night off so the radio show is a rebcast from last week. Greetings from and . Happy Holidays all!
You guys, I ate a bug while running outside tonight. I don't like bugs!
David Coleman: We need to distinguish between a careful reading of text (for evidence) vs. rifling through it for evidence
check out the new video clips on our reverbnation account.its innovators music
If WFAN discussed hockey year-round, I'd never listen to any other radio station. That said, I'm enjoying these last few weeks.
I haven't had a bestfriend date n a while I think we could use one soon
Eww.. :( Lol I had two frogs in a tank from the pet store, & like, one died cause the fat frog ate all of the food. D: I have take it out-.-
Y'all need to cheer!
Yep! Ask Sylvester or adeola for my number. :3
To all our new followers: how you doin? ;D
awe. Were all here for u guys.
He's so cute when he's mad(: he's so entertaining(:
I was looking for myself last night, too...
…while wondering what happened with the bunch that couldn't win on the road to save their diddly-poos
Hope somebody did this homework,
To all my producer friends, I am begging you.....enough of making every "reality" show have a stereotypical gay queen sidekick.
:D don't worry lick spaghetti
Ok. I'm not even gonna lie. I am drunk.
Did the room erupt in laughter after that? Wow.
RT : Less than 200 tickets remain for Saturday's #RIT hockey game @ Blue Cross Arena. Sellout is imminent
lounge piano and lemon (re)duck(s) 3/22- no percussion will actually be harmed in this non-percussion at all performance. ;)
RT : "Don't just want to make baskets; want to swish baskets" Rick Torbett
hey there pretty girl, how are you?? I haven't talked to you in a while!! Hope you're doing great!!!
and we have the best singer/friend
ha, your work?
#Cascabel was sold-out but I think I was the only person in the entire theatre who brought Tupperware :-)
Now I'll read the review, just thought I'd give you some quick props.
Haha I'm aware of his stats. Just having some fun.
Well, made it home.
If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it.
End of tour strip club blowout! I have literally no money left. EVAR.
#bones in 2 minutes!!
Adolph Monod God gives us dreams a size too big so that we can grow in them.
aren't you in Florida?
ok thanks
Thank you to:, , , , for following me!
I didn't win the Powerball jackpot in case you all were wondering..
I want to see the otters too! I like that they said: "And they're pretty damned adorable."
Students should do more collaboration across grades. Be sure to ask older students what they learned.
There is something inside me that makes me come out of every situation smiling...... OH! Its called #selflove. #gogetchusome ;)
Did you hear??? I Love My Job!
UGH...is there a "tummy bug" going around or something? Migraine, pukey, tired and weepy. Sorry, yeah I'm having a pity party...
RT : Need Mario Williams to wear #64 so the #Bills media staff can go crazy with Mario64 graphics/sound effects at the game.
Revival - Music revitalises in the morning and calms in the evening.
Getting ready to go to my aunts house :)
Why did my family buy turtle food? We don't own a turtle!? :p
Thanks! Whats on your mind?
less time promoting storefront art, more time putting art in storefronts. commonplacearts.wordpress.com
Thanks! Could you also tweet that I have a great lecture titled "How to Put Your Brain on the Internet"?
thank you jam ☺
Librarians w/ebook collections in their schools, what is your advice for a committee of librarians figuring out what to do, buy, think?
send the boys some love
The kid Max in Where The Wild Things Are.. running and barking at the dogs...I can dig that homeboy.
sorry to please a whore.
Dare to Learn speaking now
Congratulations Dan!
Library as Starbucks: place to be a human being
I saw a total of zero Oscar movies this year. Good thing. It frees me up for Sunday evening.
We love you too!
Me too
Receiving a gift card to Kohls is like not receiving any gift card art all.
BOY DO I. Overnight some to ATTN: MY MOUTH, pls. RT Cookies. knows what im talkin about (@ The B-Line Diner)
All of the above :-)
Hello to all ya'll who I havent spoken to in a while :+) what's good?
RIP Junior Seau
Gonna be one of those days where I don't get anything I want done.
OMG Laughed my ass of..lol
My dog in the fight is the one who doesn't say black studies = "blame the white man"
So will Joe take Flynn's talents to Miami?
Mane the #Knicks on where my nigga at?!?!?!
defend yourself and don't stop until you feel secure
thx tuck! hope to see you soon homie.
Saying No, Breaking Rules, Heeding the Voice of Conscience in Dark Times, with Eyal Press, Tuesday 1 pm
Gators #1 Overall Seed for LAX Tourney!
BREAKING NEWS: I just bought Wishbone on DVD.
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to tweeting with u
At my apartment at the polos, on superbowl sunday (february 5th). Youre not in the BOE Facebook group anymore? lol
5 hours on the river + no sunscreen = one cooked giant.
Visiting #drupa? You must see the special performance by du Soleil in hall 8b - fantastic! #xeroxdrupa next one at 13:45 today
#BestofDCElection2012 Best combination of colors on a sign? GOP candidate
Ate so much cant even button my pants. Totally worth it.
RT: Very true RT : Love only hurts when u lovin the wrong person ijs
You are just too darn cute. RT Just a day in the life of being a Badger.
misses - Come visit!
I wanna go home
Now you've got me tearing. Hugs of thanks
It's So Fun Talking To You (: You Make My Day
The two most commonly grown varieties of the coffee plant are Coffea canephora & C. arabica.
Whole Kentucky starting 5 left
Looking forward to the weekend
One of my favorite Pandora statiosn is "90's pop hits." I highly recommend it.
Need a HOT #mix from a known #mixer and a top #NewYork #studio? Hit me up
Whenever my daughter hears (or says) the word "butt," she falls out laughing.
hahaha we shoulda!!! But al those other girls were screwing it up!!!
Are you allowed to shave your mustache on a playoff beard?
So happy that it is Friday and Spring Break lies ahead of me at the end of the day. A whole week of adventure with the kid!
No surprise there! Karma will get all of them eventually!!
Fun night. I like dressing up. Now to find something to do today..
A 17 year old soon to be HS senior just gave me girl advice. I dunno what's worse, that he thinks I need it or that he's probably right.
maybe if I could just get this geometry final and test out of the way I would feel better..
I know(:
Chris Davis who I put in my lineup today in place of Pujols, goes 0/8, while Pujols hits 1st homer of year on my bench... -_-
What a six-pack, would love YOUR meat in MY bum...
RT "So, we need to love everybody (emerging artists and established groups)" -
Today is the day I go c
I just made other upgrade
Curiosity killed the cat!
I love everything they've ever done. It's all different, but that's the point of music. Learning and trying new things!
Shawty so wet I had to swim in!
Namu Gaji grand opening tonight!! Team Cater2.me has missed them so.
u2, r u having a big dinner??
Yeah... I guess life is a bitch!
they know they know they know
Seriously I've been playing it for 2 days straight.
sez "We would like to assure you that we do not endorse the views expressed by Rush Limbaugh." Paying him is support. Try again.
Gonna become an Ordained Minister this Month...If anyone out there might be interested???????????to Cool
fastest first round #NFLdraft right around 3 hours. Last fastest was 3:28
Will I be seeing you?!?
Whores shouldn't have pets, that's dirty.
is never going to notice me. ): #Never :/
yup. I said it!
Class kills me on days like this.
Don't miss Zumba fitness @ I Hear Music In The Air Conference May 19th @ Word of Deliverance .www.ihearmusicintheair.com
LOL. I will do a post about it as soon as I figure out how to do it myself!
-Hi Jodina, do you know sailing terminology in Italian? My mother & I need an Italian language tutor twice a week at least.
totally hold off. Don't want to mess up the mower... #greatexcuse #lookingoutforequipment ;)
them Lakers took that L SMH
lmbo I feed you.
Bruce Arians may be the Colts new OC by Monday. Arians was Manning's QB Coach for his first 3 seasons in the league.
AVB sacked. Please bring back Mourinho! :)
About to spend some quality time with my Baby Girl today. Check in with you guys later.
I got attacked by a bird today. What the hell. ~Mackey
I like it rough. ^_^
Finals this, summer that.... I have two midterms today, I hate the stupid quarter system.
well deserved recognition!
To be loved and trusted by those who know us best is life's greatest compliment
it's the most wonderful time of the year!!! .....not
I'm homeless Nigga Woo Swag. -_-
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy Give me free food :D
I'm upset but excited bout move to Florida... I'm so jealous right now
my alarms about to go off :(
Going to my sisters dance compition this is gonna be hella legit
yes, although that scene (and whole series) reflects more poorly on directors as a group than LDs.
thanks! xo
who do you think is dumber? The guy or the girl? Purdy sure that dude was as dumb.
New followers? Welcome to the madness boys!
shoutout to the dickbag next to me who interrupted me telling my wife that I'm late since he thinks this might be the quiet car.
DIDN'T I BLOW UR MIND THIS TIME... DIDN'T I??? ;-)
lol you guys saved the world in 10mins that's way too fast other guys saving the world take 2hrs haha #ProHeroes lol
By bullpen, I meant DH. Haha. Chris Davis!
Madeline Marquez with the Business Initiative Corporation of New York joins the HPNG Entrepreneurs Conference speaker roster.
Follow ! Currently buying back text books!
OH YEAH, OH YEAH! LET'S HAVE A STUDY PARTY. I'll bring cake.
and if I complained, instead of being given kudos for attending and listening to women, id probably be labeled insensitive.
Everytime I say 'my name is' I always scream it like Eminem does when he's on stage.
So I found out I might be going to New York this summer. Maybe will ask her mother and come too(:
Many thanks to + for hosting
hahaha oh yeah :D
but youtube`s all messed up today=/ glad you are back tho!!=)
though i am currently truly studying
What am I suppose to say when I'm all choked up and you're okay.
What's this Gay Pride Day at Fenway?
who is the last member or our big 3? #ian ?
I've been great!! How've you been?
Love you all,
anyhow three people are going to get that last tweet. I know exactly who.
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband
Northbound to Stillwater! Dad and I are going watch our #Pokes whoop up on K-State!
...However, a manual count shows it was mentioned 28 times. We'll be sure to include it next time.
LOL, you have no choice. ;)
The first thing 2 do is 2 identify the actual problem. We have done that & R now telling others. It is psychopaths. Ask me Y.
Rumor has it we maybe be attending a #Brewers game tomorrow?
Having to wake up early and being SUPER hyper <<<
3 months into trip and we are getting... tired.... I think we need to slow things down a bit.
Wearing the shirt I got from meeting the boyz to cheer
appreciate the follow back
I would bail out of jail.
I tell people at school that Tumblr is a religious cult and is only for people who are devoted to give up their souls for it . Hehe. c:
Thanks! I can't remember who gave me the idea. Was it you? ? Just glad to have a way to say "good job" w/o being creepy.
Hey, James, digging your Spotify playlists.
Hawt diggity dawg! We won! We won! We won!
professional results Comb-A-Color Quick Haircolor Applicator 1 ea !
Get some rest. ;)
"Not that I care to invoke Baudrillard, but to invoke Baudrillard ..." Will Dodson on Scream 4 & 4th stage of simulation
enough clean underwear
So 5am is definitely too early for me to be up and at work I'm gonna stick with the night shift my body don't function this early
drinking juice
sending lots of love!
Can we leave Lamar in LA?
Goodmorning Beautiful People!!! Have a Blessed Sunday!!! :-)
Hey guys don't forget! Moby Dick Read-along starts this week with chapters 1-26. Together we can kill this whale... er.... Read this book
I miss Three Six Mafia
oh gosh, don't get into a hot game of dice and lose your shirt! You still need to buy some parts for your FRC!
pump that pistol grip girl
As a Warriors fan, this #linsanity is sort of killing me. But I do love this kid balling out against Kobe.
You know those people who say you shouldn't wash blue jeans, just rinse them and let them dry out...don't those people smell terrible?
I'm almost home. I had To take a lil nap first.
That's awesome! Murph is bringing his social charm to twitter!
I'm old enough to recall the 30 second TV spot and 2 minute trailer for ALIEN in 79. That's all we got. It was perfect.
Only in America haha
seriously. everything.
Thanks. Guess we'll have to save that one for Hawaii. I too like the Into the Wild soundtrack.
& Buffett couldn't give a shit about lobbyists, opponents, etc. He'd day this is how to fix things, it will suck,deal.
hey JP, nice to hear from u. Things are well here in TX. I'll be in DC this weekend. Hope we get chance to catch up!
this has been a weird day.
yea lol I had my iPod on shuffle and that song poped out,that's the best track he has ever done in my opinion.
That creature's mouth is going to give me nightmares.
Tonight!!! Byrd and Lange Duo play live jazz in the cellar during happy hour!
Will this holiday season make you or break you?
Let's go caps!!
A woman just tried lecturing me about why an adenoid is better than an iPhone. Read that again...
yeah I think it was right around the time you started shooting Outsiders. :)
That awkward moment when the radio your work is playing plays a clip of adam talking about Trespassing and you flail to the volume button.
Thank you!!
We all the love the Superbowl, but it can't get you a job!
soundtrack by gHOST project. ;)
If you dont want someone gossiping about you, then don't gossip about other people
Super Bass
launch at with doing their sweet thang on the stage.
That must help alot.
Yay!! I can't wait! It feels so far away.
I'm waiting for the right woman because I want my next relationship to be my LAST !
Yo all u burque cats need to go check out the cellar door on Harvard and silver. Its a pretty rad shop!
one of my favorite bands ever. Killing Technology, Dimension Hatross, and Nothingface were just masterpieces...
Playing tonight at 7pm at Mulligan's in Westborough with Low Watts - its open mic night so bring your instrument and come ready to play!
Who from my site made this? lol
archive:// information/ recorded in any form/ that is made or received by someone or something/ and subsequently preserved/
Am I the only one in America who doesn't get Tim Gun? What? Why?
for where love?!
Scots got a BRUTAL draw though! Capital in second round, Hope in Sweet 16? Not going to be easy.
And of course I check the mail & find a coupon from Ulta.
thank you to everyone who texted me! i love you all, you have no idea how much you guys mean to me <3
guess what abbey. They ARE dating. Ugh. :'(
I just got to smash a giant big screen with a baseball bat. Best birthday ever.
It Takes Words To Hurt But It Also Takes Words To Heal
As soon as you stop wanting something you get it.
my mom better let me take a day off this week :p
A girl is much more than she seems. Not a toy by any means. Underneath all the hair and make-up is a sign that says : handle with care
know your busy Mr Maiocco thanks for the quick response much appreciated #CSNforlifego49ers!!
Then gon smile at me...
i need some beats
As much as we think we know who people are, we are not the surveyors of their hearts.
yooo follow back , serious business talk bro!
Instead of saying "no" when my boys ask for something, I respond in a made up jibberish language. Throws them off and cracks them up.
Ol' BOOF ahh other eye!! | ": " Looking at this bad bitch I'm giving her that sexy eye "
Txt me right noww
Just watched the music video for 'Real Love'. I had a great time working with So talented and humble
Anyone have any tips for studying for the ISC2 security architecture concentration?
Thank you so much for following me Will! I'm honored; and I am following you too! :)
NFL owners are paying 51% & NFLPA current players paying 49% of the negotiated legacy benefit. Is that what you are asking?
in a interview is there a way that you can put some statement they have in to question that can make them think more on the subject
Omg guys my birthdays in THREE days :D considering I wasn't excited in the beginning I'm pretty fookin excited now.
it was a good tomato. Heirloom? I'm not convinced.
"I wish my body would run when it's cold, but instead it's just my nose" -
#RoyalRumble great nite Thanks face hurts from laughing so much :)
Awesome! Anything else you would recommend?
Asking a Directioner who's your favorite member in 1D, is like asking a mother what's her favourite child.
Nice! Good day.
Issue #61 available online & at the shop 7 W. Monroe
and i have my first irish friend! I'M HALF IRISH YAAAAY. xx
I wish I was drinking tonight.
Can't wait for Ink to open - will make my rez as soon as humanly possible!
Who's gonna win MNF?
Happy mothers day gram I love you && miss you so much. I hope you liked your flowers #RIP 💜
I could not agree more with this statement. We're in first and I don't think we'd be here without Acta.
lmao. Leonas has good everything. I always get their chx sndwch w/ mac & cheese or the 3 cheese lasagna.
Facebook IPO: Declining op. margins, declining reveune, p/e 24 (google 5), CMV c. 99 times earnings. Value already maxed out.
From an Envelope to an Elephant, Lonestar Delivery & Process is prepared to handle your Rush Trucking needs. Call us today! 877-527-5737
Excited to be at church tomorrow, but I am drained and dog tried!
Starting at 8:00pm tonight, Only The Hits is LIVE! Today we will be releasing the first ONLY THE HITS COMMERCIAL!
(T)wo (I)n (T)he (S)hirt lol TITS
sharing real news!
I hope you alright
what??!! When is it supposed to open up? It's the best cupcake bakery. Ever.
follow back pplz
RT : Congrats to #Packers 2nd rnd pick CB Casey Hayward on signing his 4-year deal today
1st course with La Fete tonight - Golden and ruby red beet carpaccio stacks with frisee, chevre, and hazelnuts with a hazelnut orange vin
You Give Me Headaches .
Steiner Ranch evacuation is in effect. The Johnsons out safely.
awwwh! you're so lucky.(:
leaving the Y
wishes all his US friends and family a magical holiday weekend...
Say what you mean! Mean what you say! Should be easy you freakin jerk! #ivehadituptoHERE!
Dan Kinsella rocks... Allison needs a cocktail!
Trying to guess which salty old cat ladies on my flight are indexers and going to my same conference.
shout me out punk (:
Have you heard of ? I have not been but heard it is great.
Oh goodness that looks glorious.
good morning love 😘
Listening to Incognito "The Less You Know"...:) today is a musical day..I have to redo my music team..somehow, some way..
Glad I'm a Packers fan and not a Jets fan.
RT : Need a website?? Hit up > or
Dumb ass ebanks they gonna suspend yo u for taking off ur jersey I guess u didn't learn anything from bynum last yr smfh
of course!
I thought I did... It says TeamBurnhamTX on my end ?
RT Fun night ahead with
timely stories is the reason your design is awful? headlines & captions arent written & hold space for stories that dont exist
#iReallyHateWhen a girl posts a obviously revealing picture of herself on facebook and then complains about all the guys talking to her.
agreed! love the theme of displacement Matthew Weiner described in the "sneak peek" of the season at the end. sigh. good stuff..
Texas Tech Head Coach Mike Leach on with Bruce Jacobs Right Now on The Fan AM 1060 and streaming live at www.azsportstalk.com
Forgive me if this is repeat, but what are you doing in Seattle afterwards?
yep anticipation for #AASL11 is reaching fever pitch amongst the 'rs please drop by booth 330.
Vmware conference today, good thing they have free coffee :-)
"Hi!! Welcome to Hollister!! Here's your flash light and your gas mask!!"
Good Morning
Aunty Stop calling me o... I hate midnyt calls.
Cause i have a feeling tomorrow my wardrobe is gonna have new clothes :)
Thank you and Clay Vaughn for getting me hooked on the word "yo" and other such terms. My grammar has been corrupted.
Thanks for all the great ideas. Next stop: world peace.
Good Morning! It's a wee bit early, but O/T is knocking 2 loud for me 2 sleep through. Hope your Friday is smooth & happening!
Be modest, be respectful of others, try to understand. ~ Lakhdar Brahimi
Welcome aboard! RT : I'm super excited about being awarded a membership grant! This will be a GREAT opportunity.
Ladies are absolutely FREE!!!! If you're not planning a TOPTIONAL summer what are you doing?! ;-)
Keep up all the GREAT work buddy :) Rock of ages movie FTW ;)
oh man, radiohead was in mexico city last night? one of my favorite bands in one of my favorite places.
No guitar war, I luv Stevie, who wouldn't. Just discussing ax
Oh, and if you want to re-tweet our previous tweet, we won't mind at all.
so jealous haha
thank you for the mention...We appreciate that very much!!
yea we all second that ally!
Many are called, but few are chosen
Has anyone trained their dog to make them coffee yet?
RT : "We must retake the Senate & we must take the Senate w/ Constitutional Conservatives!" -Rafael Cruz
Thanks for the #FF, and hope you have a fantastic weekend (and good weather!!) :)
Sometimes I forget that youtubers are real people and therefore capable of being mean too.
THANK YOU!
In their 2006 Annual Report, China's National Archive lists 39,202 papers in 534 boxes, 47 videotape rolls, and 7,222 audiotape rolls.
ISO of someone to video upcoming events. Any recs appreciated. DM me.
Eric B (of Eric B and Rakim) is following Mitch Freeze on Twitter. How cool is that?
Final game I have N Carolina beating Kentucky 84-78. However, next year #TheMovement wins it all!
I recant...I make me #happy, am I down?
somebody is always there
You're more boring than watching a poor family on House Hunters!
Should we start live-tweeting the stoned backyard conversation Stu is having with his furniture sales co-worker?
Join us for Armed Forces day with a ride from Hal’s H-D to the Museum, followed by food, an inspirational ceremony, and music, May 19
That's so very, very true ... I'm ready for it! Just sad that one of my other favourites SECRET CIRCLE got cancelled. :(
love you too baby girl!
I think I'll start calling you Ms CEO!!
One of them would have to put us in chains ans make one of us a slave again for that to happen...
Jon Stewart should run for president after Obama.
he needs to start at the stadium and make circles towards dfw
Studying for #lawfinals at - I'm kinda in love with this place!
Thanks! I'll def. be giving it a try!
WOW!!! Angel Taylor's "What's Coming To Ya" just did it for me! She sounds so beautiful as always!
your the best thing thats ever been mine !
<------ Live and Breath Miami Real Estate
Why is the the dog or crazy guy always called charlie in all the shows.
how come !! Did she like say why u couldn't !
I don't get the obsession or excitement over the Doritos Locos Taco. It wasn't that great.
Surprised there is no one overseeing so that it can't go too far one way or other.
LOL peyton we need to get you some glitter for that
So, how the FUCK my ex woke me up early as fuck this morning ringing my doorbell for like an hour asking me to be his girl again..
Pretty sure they're the same ppl but idk
LIKE OUR FACEBOOK PAGE!
WI’s invitation to a day of fun
please share your findings on said pill with us!! ;)
Yes!!! We have lots to talk about! Lemme know when you have a mo. Did you get the pic I sent you last night of Adam?
Last normal rehearsal tonight!! Tech starts tomorrow!! Ready????
"All I can do is be me, whoever that is." Bob Dylan
dude really. and we're not friends. she's a really hardworking reporter, and you are not being a gentlewoman
OH: you can munch on my tots!
Oh thank God. He finally has the ticket.
We're on foot and just sat for din-din. Will let you know when we finish!
Slow it down speed it up I'm just being me
to 'do the laundry' & 'clean up my room' could understand, maybe the rest of the world would follow suit."
Looking at buying white noise soundtracks on itunes. it's the only thing that gets our baby to sleep and not scream in the car.
"Only the young can break away, break away. Lost when the wind blows you on your own."
Since the #Steelers can even bump Tebow, can you at least give him flags then?
Do you really know what makes a Record sound differently than a CD? Charlie does, and that is why Insomnia is available...
Now that I'm leaving gulf coast imma just email every coach in America that's not D1 and see I I get lucky lol
we actually have one, it just hasn't been released yet, which generation?
When we celebrate #CherryBlossoms, what exactly are we celebrating? Nature, beauty, diplomacy, transience?
let's give Ashlee more air time and less to Teresa...no justification needed
Here is how bad, 1st baseman Gamel Toe out for the year, MVP soar achillies, and shut twice by the Pads! The Freaking Padres!
u left the whip in shorewood and got picked up?
I gotta feel alive, even if it kills me. Promise to always give you me, the real me. -Drake! Bumpin gangster music like a g
The right Exercises - and Equipment - Can Help Moms After Delivery - Seattle Post Intelligencer
#cody what do you miss most about not being famous?
"If they can make penicillin out of mouldy bread, they can sure make something out of you." Mahummad Ali
So impressed with the water-powered alarm clocks on fab.com this morning!
Glad I got these beats on my stress to take so of this stress away !
Sweet Kristen...miss you 2!
so random
Taking wife and daughter to dinner at Boneyard Bistro later on. Life is good. Happy Mother's Day!
Hahaha, I saw that. I was like 'I thought she hated Kaitlin'
So I'm pissed this pumpkin pie I bought needs to be cooked for an hr then cooled for 2 hrs b4 u cut the mf smh
"Ice Machine Is On The G Level." A sign in the hotel's elevator, and a lyric from my album as Ice Machine, a goofy '90s cake-talk rapper.
Explains post-game Polian posturing: RT : To clarify, when PM fails the postseason physical, he can work out at complex.
Derek Fisher? I'm not sure, just tell me. RT : Uh oh....... RT : Guess who would have made that 3 ptr…
I need tonight !
totally agree. Best part if the episode was her
Wtf horseflies still in my room!
I do not like the new mobile twitter, its annoying
So happy to have a wonderful girlfriend like her to call mine <33 only 3 days intel I get to see her 😊❤💗💓
How are you guys spending yalls cinco de mayo on this lovely Saturday?? (:
Congrats to all the 2012 graduates from GW!!!!
i freaking love you. :)
you guys are the 99% but you guy are out black friday shopping...ok carry on.
#LagondMusicStudents Performing tonight at Everyone should come down for an amazing show!!!
RT “ : Give ur eyes a rest. Reduce eyestrain by looking away from ur monitor or other near work every 20 minutes.
awww she looks so sweet!
lmao : “: ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED???? *beats chest and kicks over chair*” (ah) must scream in the background
But he doesn't see that.
How'd it turn out, and did you poach it in white wine?
whoa...thats awesome.
woot! Congrats on review!
Yes. Ideally for 3 1/2 more months. RT Stunner: No network projections at 8 pm! That means we have to...wait for the voters.
Doing voluteering, I think its a good way 2 interact with other that don't have as much as we do . Don't you ? <3
when are you guys going to support at&t unlock? We are dying to get this done
YOU'RE NOT THE BOYZ TAKE A SEAT. MY FLAHVA IS ICONIC
I've tryed playing it cool but when I'm looking at you I can't dare to be brave. Cause you got that "one thing".
Michelle and I attended the Dallas Symphony Orchestra League Presentation Ball last night, Wow what a beautiful event.
One of my students is showing real potential...now if the kid's mouth wasn't so reckless
RT : Congratulations #SIIA member for winning the #CODiE award for Best Financial Management Solution
SYFY is producing the project that's loosely based on their hit show Ghost Hunters
Had an awesome weekend, minus today, today was pretty crappy. Ready to start this week. Last quarter as a sophomore! Time flies..
Do your best every day and your life will gradually expand into satisfying fullness.
Today, I'm going to play for them Pavarotti and Kermit the Frog in hopes of showing that we each have a voice to share. 2/2
did the availability of a twitter account factor into the name decision?
Hi, Giulia, do you export to the USA?
Venting to someone made me feel so much better
Just tried out FreshDesk, it's exactly what I need for creating tickets out of emails, no need to submit an update to start using it!
I'm interested in this narrative of taking america back/or Mitt's "restoring America" and relation to religion
It's a talent only a gifted few possess!
Two Chris Brown performances!!! Who does a person have to beat to stop this from continuing. Perhaps, I'll ask him.
its D.o.D
Still not seeing normals use it; only techies.
Ordering Insurance cover b-control, is creating an in-sugardaddy-ance for democratic men that want play without pay,
Heading out to WeHo with the sis
You made JV (:
Follow me back plz?=)
NO IDEA WHERE MY PHONE IS!! SMH
hahahaha omg that's funny at least you like ass and not some bony snitch
True “: TRUE or FALSE: KD and Westbrook are the BEST duo.”
A hug means I need you. A kiss means I love you. A call means I miss you.
I am now officially the sister in law of a doctor! Lol :)
no I can still dance I just have to take it easy.
awesome! Will do! Thanks! :-)
I only have 75 followers -_-
I got 99 followers and and and and I'm hammered
If you a Laker fan I know you Look'n Stuipd
that sounds... perfect.
Ron has the entire Blue team wrapped around his finger... You keep losing because you refuse to vote off your weakest player.
Chuck: UWM's business school... it's pronounced like it's spelled... 'LU-Bar' ... not lumbar.
Let's go, Hammel-Toe!!!
Radio Disney 30 CountDown The top 3 was.......... #3 )Ross Lynch- billion hits #2 )One Direction- Beautiful #1)Selena Gomez- hit the light
My ambition is to to be Rocky IV by the end of the month. Or close to it. Haha. Gym, work, gym...school in between those 😁 I want Drago
When you do Things no has done before you get remember for a while.. You do it repeatedly and you will never be forgotten .. Hi Ke
RT : I was just thinking I really want to see a Napoleon Dynamite cartoon. Signed, 2006
So all morning I've been texting who I thought was about seeing Titanic in the theaters back in high school.....
Heading to the brewers game tonight... Who wants beast gear? Get it at milwaukeesbeast.bigcartel.com
I won`t be impressed with technology until I can download food.
ohh i see, that's chill then
we should all watch together next time! lol jk
Four words for ya..LEAVE THAT THING ALONE. Happy Monday!
Rainy days please go away
RIP Whitney Houston
thanks Karen!! :)
Just saw some Phi Beta Sigma ritual, special appearance by a few Alpha Phi Alpha members!
“: lol u haven't struck gold yet” lol girl Boom
Watching thor :-) here comes hawkeye aaahh I love them both
With #Braun's performance tonight, maybe can squeeze in a 5 second Brewers highlight between Yankees, Red Sox, and Pujols coverage.
you're not alone! A return tweet from him is my sole goal on Twitter : p
stop using Facebook as the primary communication method with his wife & kids
it's a small town and I'm the former mayor of unemployment land. Oh the irony.
Steve Blake guarding the Beard should be fun
Haha, make sure he gets lots of love while we're gone 😉
Thank you to everybody who supported me & #EVAPRO in this 2011 yr. Bigger & better things to come next year!!!
THIS WEEK:The New York Top 30 Reggae Single Chart "IF I FOLLOW MY HEART" is
The cooler is pretty cool, but looks like a modern remake of an earlier variety. ^TR
Holy crap! Justin and 1D were in the studio together! Ah can't wait to hear the new music!!!!
It has been a great #TibetWeek 2012 here at !
Looking forward to what looks like perfect weather in Hong Kong this week
Nuggets fans face tonight :( My Face :) #Putsomemoneyup$
Taping the tape off is the worst part.
lol....no greatwhitenort who said my packers suck...unless that was you and then ...well... yes : p
Go Pack Go!!!
On way to see perform tonight! Excited to finally see those moves
well played :)
Opened LONG $AUDUSD @ .99093; 13% of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 92% SHORT
Aramis drops the ball in a run down and the Mets score and lead 3-0.
i cant..
Can you not get in everyone's business? Worry about yourself! Bitch.
I miss him ✈
Hahaha, lately a lot of people have been asking me if I'm still friends with OF COURSE. She's my best friend EVER <3
it wasn't bad. If people are mad they need to calm down! Haha. I thought it was funny.
Boo is cute
With the 24th Overall Pick, the #Steelers pick #Stanford guard David DeCastro.
good news, considering....
Far from it, my man. I have zero confidence in them, and I'm an eternal optimist, so you know it's bad.
Oh I was gonna say, the bridge in Lville is closed down... I'm wondering if y'all are taking 74 down from Indy to 75.
Adjuncts in Richmond.
Thank you sports bar at LAX terminal for playing the #oscars and not sports!!! #tipofthehat weekend peak!
Elie Wiesel Quote of the Day: "Our obligation is to give meaning to life and in doing so to overcome the passive, indifferent life."
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
Adults can get bad ideas from t.v. too.
Following the fiasco and their editorial note, I wonder what good scholarship has been done on the relationship between blogs [+]
I dont know how but I think I bit my lip during my sleep.
A great article! Butr how is this accomplished when protective silos and bureacracy are the norm?
RT : RT : A2. The owners. That is, customers. RT : Q2. Who controls a products brand?
Theres a reason I dont fuck with girls that go ti the same school as me. So much less drama
Ya Flow Sick...#MyShitDead!!!
Thanks, Betsy! Next time I have a pity party (which is often) you are totally invited ;)
At the dentist. This always sucks. Although the assistant is fun.
is actually being productive for once! Let's see how long I can keep the momentum going...
So happy the rain stayed at bay...at least for now :) We got a beautiful new terrace planted. Now for cleaning, pruning and final touches
WILL NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER NOTICE ME WHICH MAKES ME SUPER SAD!</3
I think that our fundamental belief is that for us growth is a way of life and we have to grow at all times. Mukesh Ambani
Stupid boys...
My sister just got a iPhone, and I'm still stuck with this piece of crap, not fair
thanks for following! you have to get us into your band rotation now... :)
man just saw for 125th time COMING TO AMERICA... Timeless success!
whoa, f'real? thought the lburg field trip was next week for the artist talk...
Thanks! was curious too. Hope to see you guys there for some tailgating fun!
Holy crap! Amazing! Real water torture cell trick
Thank you for following my tweets, Melanie!
Independent music is finally in strongest position it has been in years!
I'm so happy that Sidney Ofitt loved my book. Talk about a ringing endorsement. It makes me want to keep writing.
I'll never forget this day 3/11/09I came home from a normal school day&turned on the TV. VIVA,our German Music Channel only played sad songs
GOOD LUCK to my favorite running team tomorrow morning. Thanks for reppin' the D so well!
My bed feels great right now.
Just got my license :)
I love the strong stance Mr President
People telling strangers everything about them and their love life. Also we had to be back on the bus by 420~
Time is going by so slow!!!
Oh WHAT to do with my holiday weekend.....
Some people are so crazy and hateful! Get a grip!
Off to an animal related fund-raiser.....will keep eye out for single eligible men. Stay tuned!
u lucked up and beat us one tyme. And now all of a sudden they your team! Lol. Since september when u moved down here.
It just hit me that volleyball season is over :/
you'll be fine... yep FB never lies lol
Just 5 minutes left in our online auction!
Sure! RT : Planning June - Health Tech month - right now. Would you still be interested in hosting an #HAchat on tech ?
im already her so im watin on you
so the babymanderers are prepared for combat...
Well friends back 2 work! Again, congrats to as the 1000th winner. We'll be doing another contest soon! Much love 2 U All!
"Can't they understand there are starving white girls in Bayview who need their Chinese food"
Am I Ever Gonna Get That Pic Bro?? Lol
I have never said I can't do something. Have you? What your really saying is you won't. Instead say I can
smfh foolery at its best smh gd night I'm sleepy af
hope you win at the #ACMs tonight!
Sense my foot is completely fucked up! Wait till Monday bitch!!
i have one starter left from the draft, Elvis Andrus. every other player in tomorrows lineup is from the free agency. 7 guys on the DL.
why everybody loves me ? :D im just kidding:)
haha Seth you're ridiculous. Thanks so much man!
A toast to me! I just earned the SOCIAL pin on TouchTunes!
Thanks for the follow.
Thanks for the follow, Richard. You can blog about the Jedi Nighties all you want!
Hearing great things about lately. Nice to see Philly #startups doing so well! Had a chance to check out Private Beta?
so I got the broken screen app on my broken phone lol nasty
the real show Luck is a documentary about the con... season 2 debuting soon
thanks. No, motard bikes are large dirt bikes w/ street tires & stiff suspension. This is dirt.. but with lights to be street legal
3 weeks till rehearsals. entering that phase of pre-production where im dying to just get in a room with this cast.
KooKoo Bear Kids Designs Three Kids&#39; Rooms at Roswell Women&#39;s Club Designer Showcase Home Tour
- That was the best dress overall!
Does your mama know that your a freak
": bra are you STUPID ?! iPhones Over thisway ð" <<< my iphone broke too easily
. I think so. It's like the meds are supposed to balance out bad food. Continue to educate.
What could it possibly be? /te
futures in my hands, i hold it in my palms & speak in silent toungues.
Butler and Penn. It's the CBI, so not a usual night by any means.
Fades 2 Black Media is a global Multimedia company that creates some of the world’s most innovative content. F2BMG, YOUR FUTURE VISUALIZED!
“: When you have a crappy teacher and you just sit there thinking, "How the hell did you get this job?"
nice pic, Hamilton?
In the car with
I LIKE PUPPIES TOO LOL
Whatever song they play at Dick Clark's funeral is only gonna get a rating of 85 because it's tough to dance to.
don't play sports games
I hope you are feeling better soon! Being sick is not a fun way to spend your break!
Just listening to #GrandmasterFlash delivering #TheMessage "Don't push me 'cause I'm close to the edge... uh hu ha ha ha"
Im up all alone ; who wana call me
I just found out this past summer but I'm pretty sure I was just unaware of it. Discovered youngest then w off nuts
yup for a small fee
Just a frustrating buyers experience followed by sense of missed opportunity with store owners I have known for 30 years.
May 29. Technically, I'm full term next Tuesday. Son was born 9 days before due date so we're trying to hurry up, get ready!
sit down and chill bro
You dont form in the wet sand, i do
For the NIT Tournament to date our projected data is - ML 69% ATS 56% Totals 44%
time to write my essay! hurry up and just write down random shit
It's so cold in here!
Being off schedule, I have missed your tweets. Glad you are having a great time & the map was useful.
“: Yeah, you act like you dont even care anymore.” wtf I care lol THAT'S DIRRCTED AT ME ISN'T IT
Always a nice feeling to deploy latest version of app to device
Rozay, that's my nickname. Cocaine runnin in my dick vein.
thank you for following us, cool web site!
Who cares about Joe Paterno when we have a #stuffingshortage on our hands!!?!
School registration's tomorrow ..
damn right we are. Better tweet something brilliant!
Of all the regrets I've made in my life, I regret complaining about Naperville as much as I ever did. It's ma home
hm, maybe I should change my Twitter handle to that
Oedipus subpoenaed an amoeba and a phoenix.
Looks like has tapped their Nugget Nectar. Nice old school handle, guys! Enjoy the beer!
Organize, prioritize, delegate and dominate (aka take action). This formula can get you very far when applied to anything. -Zach Marcy
There are nerds in my basement.
I give it 2 weeks tops.. he was flirting with me the other day!
I hate being sick I cant fckin hear shit
UHall, why are you on a fire alarm spree tonight? Ah!
yes always. and thank you! it wasn't easy at first but TOTALLY worth it
TONIGHT | Ivy Lounge presents Skyy High Friday | Special Guest DJ! | Ladies Drink Free | | Doors open @ 9pm
Getting everything prepped for SXSW. Got to be up early in the AM to catch our flight. Did we forget anything? Last minute suggestions?
#CGXEmerge can not believe I am actually on the field at Cowboy Stadium right now!
thank you so much twinny <3
heyo. How was the weekend?
You're welcome! I hope you had a great weekend and wishing you success this week!
i had a jewfro
What's #topgeek?
White people wear the most terrible clothes and were so concerned about fashion.
How's everyone doing today? ;]
Facebook poll says 94% do not like new Facebook design. Wondering how many more people would have voted had you not had to install app...
No, YOU ARE! Also remind me to tell you about shenanigans with Keith on Friday, hahahaha.
Common Sense. Intuition. Experience. Knowledge. Wisdom. Understanding. MindFirstFitness.
Check out our new web site. We used mobile as our primary target experience. Runs on Google App Engine with content housed in Drupal 7.
I had a great day yesterday
Or be rhombus. RT Gallery Hop this weekend. Be there.
Where's Asian reporter Trisha Takanawa now bitches??!!
Miz is ok, but Santino has done a good job of making himself relevant.
RT : Enjoy $10 off our usual Gellish gel manicure price thru the entire month of May!
thank you! :)
idk damn lol search him up
Yeaa Family Meeting Tomorrow... Either He Got 2 Go or I Do.
you MUST. We want to MEET YOU.
House-Obsessed Homeowners Get Inspired by Social Media
Night yo :) sweet dreams !!! God is love:)
I bet we missed the same ones.
‘Max Payne 3’ Full Of Guns, Addiction And Drugs, But Is Really ‘A Game About Being Max Payne’ [TRAILER]
Four months have passed since a loaded hand gun left out on a table took our Josh. We love him ...pray for him...and think of him every day.
interesting- I think Romneys in for long haul. If similar to '68- no confidence in nation's direction- could win. Thanks John
I remember the duck boat crash..
best profile pic ever! Love me some ALF!
its sorta the same. not sure exactly whats different :/ i don't do mac
Just Found Out That My Two Best Friends Hate Each Other -__- And Just When I Thought Drama Was Over, It Came Back :/
please tell me you caught that
I sometimes come on twitter and don't tweet anything, just creep. ;)
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW: Archos 7 8GB Home Tablet with Android (Black)
it's been a birthday <3 :)
I F**KING LOVE, CHIPTUNE MUSIC!!! =D
I don't know why people think others care what they're doing every single second of the day. Just saying. Btw. I'm a bitch. Get over it
Too far away for me to get it...
So done with this family
Maybe use smoke signals next time, Jenna? Ha.
So I'm at this loft party where Jason Bentley is Supposed to DJ and I'm judging everyone. Including myself. Why am I here???
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
Just got home after having a drink on our neighbor's stoop while Josie tooled around on skateboard she built this week.
he's def on our radar thanks to you and many others reaching out to us about him! thanks for the suggestion!
At chilis with mi famila work from seven to one (: text me or message me it goes to my phone.
They'll be better. They really sat back this game. Had a feeling this was how it would end up. Think he'll go with Theodore?
RT : A3 yes, how others see me is important and I ask for feedback to learn more
Very funny Scotty, now beam down my clothes.
Absinthe tasting in Miami today on friends boat,an of corase I forgot 2 take a sea sickness pill an now I'm feel like I want to die
stupid females make me sick . if he dont want you fall back quick ! ugh . #thirstyheffas!
manager. okay. and what kind of work? beating children? what type of work does the office do?
Thirsty Thursday!!! $1 off Signature drinks and Wisconsin craft beers! Who's thirsty!?!?!?!
All the time!
lol its funny listening to people at the bar on a saturday afternoon
If you refuse to answer the phone because it's "not your job", then why the hell do you give out the work number and tell people to use it?!
#sopa sounds delicious. Very sneaky!
Yup! See you there!
Good point
need a rillo
Remove Resistance in Sales. Have a conversation. No pain involved. shares savvy details w tonite 8pm
Cause bitch now I am single and ready to mingle
His bread selecting skills are questionable.
this might sound strange but I know what you mean and I do tread very carefully on their terrain.
Thank you so much for the shout out!
Closed the door to my OFFICE for the first time.
The day spent in right direction: Bally's I am back together with you.
Sag and Aftra merged, any thoughts?
Of course ;) I just thought it would be fun to comment.
youngest daughter (Chrissy) on Growing Pains. No, really.
a hangout is needed when we get out of school. Agreed?
Thanks for the follow, Lucy.
damn im tired as shit
Hey everybody - hit those play buttons now to get that first ad out of the way. Welcome to the show!
Woo! I live for happy hour! Lol
I believe that Jews and Arabs could live together. It's not a simple thing but I believe we could reach an agreement.
I just learned my wife was nominated for the WA Governor's Outstanding Volunteer Service Award. I'm super proudof her!!
I taught you well son
Have a great time. Grandkids are the best. Mine are within 90 minutes of my house.
U.S. Economy Grew 1.9% in 1st Quarter U.S. gross domestic product grew at a rate of 1.9 percent in the first quarter of 2011,
Yeah Hall of Fame QBs suck
Its not the money, it's the fact that the Romney's constantly make it obvious that they've NEVER TRIED to empathize w/ the 99%
songs that remind me of this time last year >>>
I am soo sorry! were just so good! hahaha I mean can't help it :P
C'mon Eileen!
Sometimes I feel like your worth it. But then I look back to all of the crap you gave me in the past. ❤
#TRAPAHPEDIA2 IT WRITTEN N STONE
I wanna love u and treat u right
": "I don't ever ever wanna see you lonely, because your love is somethin that you just don't push aside" #BestSongEver <3
