meet at Wines on Vine tonight about 7?
Tweeting away the last few minutes of work >>>>>>
first and only mistake=going to rallys in the first place.
everything the girls say on FB is dumb and stupid
Looking for a new accountant. Our accountant of many years has notified us that she is resigning as of the end of October.
yea. I really want one
Oh thank you darling. I hope you are doing well!
Yeah Ryan Hollins has been on the floor most of the time. “: Worst. Garbage Time. Ever.”
Did you guys see A.O. Scott's incoherent rant of a review of this movie? It's like he channeled Adorno
Thank you, for the amazing pictures!
Can so make that happen! #Bam lol RT : For my birthday I would like cupcakes from ! THEY ARE THE BOMB DIGGITY DOO!
RIP Trayvon Martin
wish I had BBQ weather here in CO
Attention wrestling fans: is the real Sting. Not the singer 'Sting' from the awesome group, The Police.
RT : New on the blog! The Growth of Mobile Ads: the growing use of mobile devices is causing a shift in advertising......
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mothers in the world! All the things you do for your family is priceless and is much appreciated.
I am Annie all weekend, come out to the college and see me in Annie, Jr on Broadway.......I am So Excited! Dont want it to end!
They think its almost sacrilegious to separate the BBoys merits as rappers. I agree w you though, MCA quotes were always my favs.
loved the pic of you
I got a story about her roommate pooping her pants, too. Why do people tell me these things???
I'm more of a
coming down in a couple of weeks for a game. can't remember the exact date.
Anyone going to the Summit?? Let me know—would love to meet up!
NASHVILLE - I need a contact, if French Shoppe doesn't come through, to conduct a fashion show on May 24...need to confirm ASAP!! Suggest?
#bitcheswhowontdateme the only women barber in the shop I get my cut
thanks so much !
Damn angry birds rio, addicting as heck
"Oh, and I just saw Tim Tebow..." - So nonchalant...
Dont you just love the sun? I dont im a vampire :3
can't believe that just happened. o.o
Mixed greens I watched get picked in Lancaster today with the team. Can't wait for lunch tomorrow!
Feeling driven
show us!
drool! Can't wait to see you ladies!
claire sinclair is one of the prettiest nicest girls i have seen in a long time no one has a right to hurt his girlfriend it's wrong.
I got ready in like 6 fucking minutes and then my mom is like "oh no wait you can stay here i have to come back anyways" what the fuck
I still can't get over the #Bulls game #Bulls take the win without DRose Lebron ain't getting that ring or a win over the
Lookout for my brother #nigga still on da #rise Layin #low-key but da talk of da
I dont know why I'm still up knowing I gotta get up tomorrow
I took the bait from your feed. Man, we are both jerks. Now we know why blogs are saying bad things about us.
Love to have you on T to plan on Wednesday 3.14.12 9 Eastern / 6 Pacific. You available then?
HE TALKED TO LOUIS :)
I appreciate that you point out many romances are better written & plotted (and are actually more sexy).
RT : Calling people back is my least favorite means of communication. Ever. Of all time. // TOTES.
RT : I like big brains and I cannot lie.
I love seeing parents put their kids on leashes . That shits helarious
No. Why?
u still get worked up about that stuff?? By now we all know how the media treats the heat... Hater going to hate
Bored as fuckkkk
Working in Studio City today. Luckily was able to postpone a shoot I had scheduled in Santa Barbara. Weather sucks!
Off to ACRL in the morning -- which will be energizing after days of budget meetings.
lmao ok well she is still gorgeous!!! I'm so jealous of her lol
Watch out for ghost foremen!
yep hoping he goes rouge and runs as third party
Playing prince jams with Erykah, not too shabby
where are you baby? ^.<
really enjoys watching the Madison Common Council.
Bus back to Boston 🚌
Come on now! Never been to Barton Springs? Never seen the tower orange? #aggiesuck Feel sorry for ya man!!
OH!!!! That's right. I knew I new that from somewhere! Yumm!! Bug Juice!!
And she did!
chicago was cold,but not to bad! Had great time! Bck home in Indiana
Win a McFlurry from FOX6 and McDonald's! Just tell us your weekend plans. Email with your answer.
Tweet babies!! Sup!
unsure yet oo;
Looking out my window at this beautiful central Indiana day; may I say this has definitely been the Best Winter Ever?!
except for getting by and making friends, what does Obama believe in?? (I don't know)
Congratulations, Micki! Crossing my fingers for you and your funding!
That just seriously pissed me the fuck off.... wow..
I'll be obliged if you stepped outside, smoking that bum ass shit, bitch you gets no play in this ride
yoooooo GM, Thank You Lord for this WONDERFUL day
Niggas is outchea hurting since #drose been injured. Smh, I tried to tell em it's #lakernation or injure yourself
This may be a pet peave, but I believe when you want someone to help you the wisest 1st step is not to start by insulting that person.
Co-worker: Is this lipstick too dark? Me: No its the perfect shade of slut.
Who run the world? Girls!!!!! Become your own boss! It's easy, got an idea make it work.
": the major difference is that we Win in the playoffs #GoSpursGo!!
lookout for that fruit ninja...
otay well i need to find a new topic though :/ lol
I agree that they will win
would love to talk to you again about being on the show.
I though it is we are threatened by drones
Seems like all of Floyd's little joke punches land hard, while opponents punches that draw cheers barely ever get him clean.
that guardian-school balance seems eerily off to me..
yep, one can only hope.
What's for dinner Jimmy -Large Hot Steamed Crabs-Lobster Tails -Maryland Crab soup! Jimmy’s Seafood 6526 Holabird Avenue Baltimore, MD 21224
Because I made it . (:
listening to my nigga work hard play hard
MAY 1ST NWC PRESENTS DA LOUNGE SKATE GIVEAWAYS/GRANDOPENING WIT DJ ELEMENT ROCK N DA SHOP, HARD ! WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
will this day end? headed to a family meeting at #TPS then onto for international talk like a #pirate day... arrrrgh!
Watchin the fight & we're takin bets on what Bieber's M.O. is N bein there. My vote is that Money, Fitty & Bieber R gonna do a rap album LOL
Thought: indigenous shamanic healers are distinguished from questionable sorcerers by their identification & service to a community.
I beat the system. I have a chiropractor. They get nothing.
Is it just me or did the weekend fly by?
at least. our arteries will thank us.
Jenn (singer): "...... Banana" Kris (drums): *smiles* Jenn: "you're so dirty even your smile is nasty"
Looking forward to watching the #manchesterderby. Let's go City!!!
giving a presentation today on my #SXSW experience. Makes me want to go back!
it really is! :)
That's full of awesome! Thanks for organizing all the events this week!
I hope when I die there is an instant onslaught of Facebook and Twitter jokes.
"This dude on TV got stoned to death in like the 1800s." / "That musta been some crazy weed bro."
I figured I had overplanned for today, but I like to be ambitious on Mondays. lol.
Among Romney's top financial donors are the nation's biggest banks. Goldman Sachs tops the list with $235,000
when do I poke you with umbrellas ??
Too bad the NBA #Bobcats aren't guaranteed to get Anthony Davis, like the #Colts were assured of Andrew Luck at the end of last season.
HAHAHAHAHA, YOU FELL! Oh shitt, you're crying.
thanks a ton bro.
no problem.... And we the same sign... I use to b in the air force
This So Perfect:))
which song did you pick finally ?
Who are you!? O_o
Feel like I learned something from that survey.
Touchdown!!!! Eli to Cruz! Tie game
Day 3 ughghghghgh..totally not alive enough for this, and I bet it's gonna be hot today.
Its gonna get worse before it gets better
I know :/ I'm jamming. Just sucks that I have to pay for parking...oh well, I'll see if I can get it reimbursed. :/
thanks Bob...won't be long before your in that western
No matter how many people tell you that you can't do it, never give up.
have a good weekend, friend!
That is great we need you at cnn
I've been living in wisconsin for a month already.. Wow
"It's more important to be respected than liked."
Little unknown twitter fact: The song "Ring of fire" was inspired by Johnny Cash's herpes outbreak he contacted from Kris Kristofferson.
snap backs & tattoos
Birthdays are hard work. I missed you
Bet it was fun LOL
Thank you and
Boy we are climbing in follows, thanks to you all! Just a couple hundred more and #1000 wins the autographed CD! More contests to follow!
"Alright let's do this shit––LEEEROOOYYYY nnnnJJJEEENNKKINNNSSS!!!" -Montee Ball just before touching the ball every handoff.
tonight is like out of a movie... so glad i chose this night to stay in.
- of course you know I'm in. Let's hatch a plan. Anything we can do to help spread the word on the great things they are doing???
Can't believe I forgot how good I feel with 8 hrs sleep verses my normal 5 hrs. Today is going to be a Positive and Productive day
have fun
Thank you for getting my red ball out from under the desk! Over and over again. . .
Nadia R. is participating in the Salao do Estudante for the University of Delaware English Language Institute at the Hotel Tivoli, Sao Paulo
I'm proud of you too!
let me in real quick
you should fill her whole stocking with reeses cups! And the xmas tree ones!
Happy Birthday girl! 💜
awww drew and rachel
undergraduate research symposium listening to Liz Scheib report on the dramaturgy of Dutch sex workers
Any thoughts on what made others unwilling? Lack of training? Difficulty of the work? Not a "people person"?
Yes Penn Station!!!
talk ab me all u want, but dnt call my bf ugly!!!!!!!!
This year I'm prepared.
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 67
Hey friends in Columbia, SC. Go see The Sea Wolf Mutiny at New Brookland Tavern Friday night!
I get your tweets sent to my phone:-)
We had a lockdown at our school and everyone came into our classroom screaming
Way to go, #NC. Keeping the south scary since 1789.
The Junior Dance playlist is halfway done. Anyone got any suggestions?
ditto is experiencing news overload today - when it rains, it pours.
The #shamrock run went great in #PDX! Many people with #healthproblems in #Oregon are realizing #chiropractic care can help!
That's a pretty fantastic bag, just in time for beach season! Haha
what of?
tomorrow bitch lmao
cuz youre not my bf he said how come im not? I said you aint ask me out then he asked
I left 40 degree Seattle WA to come to 82 degree Northampton MA. My bones are warm. Nice.
Long trains <
Why do cities seem to attract people that like to walk around talking to themselves?
I'm stuck in #Boston #traffic but I'm on my way , can't wait to get glammed up by you!
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in knowledge. ~Einstein
about what?
11:11 on 11/11/11 My friend Azucena Pascual (Suzie) pushed the send button and off went the final copy of Text You to the publishers!!!
#CES is kicking off! Excited to see how #3d is changing the game. RT for chance to win free #3dmobile brand consultation!
#whoeverimarry will have to understand a woman's worth
my dermal jewel thingy keeps turning green >.<
Yo Buss How I Four "Lt. Surge's Pikachu" Pokemon Card On The Ground outside
Todd's spend alot of time in the box today, playing extra dirty
Gah that's where i stayed in LA 2 wks ago .. RT Lesson learned: Don't do drugs at Oakwood Apartments it is cursed.
I know I fucked it up, but it would be great to get that loot today :/
Stop Holding on to what hurts and make room for what feels good
your main photo is epic!! Thanks for sharing and hello :-) !
Writing, editing, marketing three key aspects for successful writing
Hey your chair says thank you for taking the day off
to be fair, the 1986 #RHCP show was empty at the Button South, but 1987 at the Cameo was sold out.
I love you girl , I rides for you any day boo «3•_•
#nw Dear John (:
I'm a Heat fan, but Kevin Durant is fucking raw
Who's from the library world ? I'm a director at UCLA Library. Any other librarians in the house?
“: Thanks, sorry for the delayed response. Who's your favorite player on the Ravens?” hey it's
#Rihanna -Drunk on love >
Today went great! Heading back home now...
I swear doesn't do UX testing. Timeline is required now, eh?
How was the bear nonchalant?
Wow! I've just read your story. I honor your courage. I honor you.
4/16 is 4sqDay... be sure to check in to your favorite bar to get the #foursquare badge!
send me a DM, no problem
Going home from the hospital xD yay!
#FESPA Wrap Cup Masters Series Americas Match 1.4 begins at 12:55 pm in booth 1083 at #GOA2012. Come check it out!
I'd like Terra Nova to open up its plots/characters to something darker and grittier. The family-friendly feel is what killed it.
My report for spam hand is strong.
Replying Pony Express style. Thanks for your kind words, and back at you!
Jakarta is in Indonesia. Your story is almost like my story. What's your hobby?
They have only liked them for like a day
leslieR: Flight canceled; getting rebooked on another airline. Ah, the joys of travel.
yes sir we are celebrating
:)sequestered,writing.Yes thought once of a store "Eye Metaphysician" adjusts glasses to fit view of reality-close!lol. you?
thanks. :) but I think this is gonna be a tough rut to get out of
Smh this situation man
you rebel!
Happy New Year!!! May all your wishes come true!
You're my inspiration :)
Will Ferrell can make any one laugh without even trying
Off to DIA on a plane, whr i will tweet again aftr my 10 min. flight, and get to wait 45 mins :)
I'm following you too! wear your jean skirt tonight!
so, what did you get? in Chinchilly or in San Tan Tonio?
come in out of the cold and warm up with out HOT games!
Happiness is not a desination, it’s a way to travel.
Ok back to the drawing board. Patience and belief in the father. Your will be done. But your child is so fussy lord. Lol. Help me please.
Lets lower those outbound costs, and raise those sales! Call us at 866.460.6611
bruh don't worry we got this #LakerNation bitch and I ain't 15 so get yo facts straight son
RT : Join 100s of other Smart Women for a one-time free call on Thursday at 1 CST on Smart Business Models 101...
Lol I Don't See U HAahaha :D
Longshoremen in Ports of San Francisco and Oakland shut them down in solidarity with Wisconsin workers on election day.
If you want something you’ve never had, you must be willing to do something you’ve never done.
Love seeing Crosby fight there. Team is desperate to save the season. A bit worried that a guy with a conclusion problem had to go there.
Job searching is a drag...I'm open to any new leads in the DFW area
Be careful of your thoughts, they may become words at any moment.
really liking the word 'sultry' this week for some reason
I find Egyptian dynastic periods fascinating! My term paper Karnak and religious practice. 300 lvl class. I may be addicted
Hi! SEO question for you! Are widgets as strong for SEO on other sites as link backs are? Thanks!
Love me a movie and dinner! Totally brightens up my day to laugh with my amazing mother and grandma and eat delish food!
Happy Birthday Lee Newton!!!!!! May the Force be with you.
wow I wouldn't want to be them right now. Thanks for sharing
Looking for decent priced tickets (2) to Panthers @ Capitals next week - April 5th - come on, someone help me out. Go !!
Why are police there? What's going down?
SP lowers Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac senior debt to 'AA+' Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes.
You'll be back better than ever next year. I have faith. Work hard man.
Youtube wont work on my comp=/ they were "receiving a large volume of requests from your network" WHAT? was probably the
Hi Brenda, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
It sure seems like I spend a lot of time on Mondays thinking about how much I love the people I got to see on Sunday. you rock!
Quench your thirst w/ #getUGLY FF
Thank you for attending our town hall meeting today! We hope you gained valuable information on how school consolidation will impact kids.
omg...you are so funny you made my husband cry while watching your show. We can't wait until the next special!
I'm glad you're starting your Monday out right & ready! Stick with the plan & Im sure things will fall into place for u! Good luck!
Wiped out big time in front of a full house in CLE last night. Knee is better (swollen, but manageable), but pride still a bit bruised, LOL.
Just met an NPR photographer using a light box made of Magic Hat boxes and tissue paper. Says he saved about $80.
When your parents don't realize that our generation sucks.
Request your song by tweeting ! Happy hour... $5 eats, $4 wells, $3 drafts, 1/2 off tequila!
come check out surrender nightclub this wed night!! let me know if you want to go ! i can help you out! only
blue collar shit
#WeCantWorkOutIf your a cheater..be like the sister wives if you want more that one women....
#MaraMonday Most Inspirational Moment was meeting youu<3 Now im more dedicated ICONiac then i ever was before(: thank you!!
Now that 2011 #ANDEmetrics Conf is over, the real work begins. Where will we be in 2012? Remember where we were last year?
I'm in my bed, You're in yours, One of us is OBVIOUSLY in the wrong place KMT
I must have seen Blood In Blood Out over 100 times lol
u getting sick with ps
My body so sore i done caught somethin :( i feel like shit
Nothing ever really goes according to plan, thnx for the support & patience. #OneforOne will be making it's debut soon...
New day... New start... New FOCUS!
Muscular guy like you, going deep into my ass, me on my back you facing me, with my hands on ur pecs.
Stop being so greedy labels/bands! Digital download price should not be 75% of the CD price!
you are the sweetest thing ever! I'm glad you liked it :)
Being at work on a Saturday is actually fun when your clients are this awesome!
Words cannot describe how glad I am that we don't have school tomorrow.
Cathy Zoi, ex-DOE: The single biggest influence on public policy questions (in env/energy) will be the business community
“: STFU!!!! LMFAO I WAS GONE SHARE MY DONUTS WITH U” I'm sorry I ain't mean what I just said :-/
Much. The posturing and pretentiousness have a lot more to do with HBO's house style, I'm afraid.
multitasking kind of sucks
I'm awake somehow...but anywho it's Mario day!
We will be soon looking for your ideas on what designs you'd like to see in our catalog. We're getting close to a social media launch!
RT: I'm not saying Susan Boyle causes swine flu. I'm just saying nobody had swine flu, she sang on tv, people got swine flu.
‎5.8 Earthquake hits the DC Region. Hope everyone is safe. The phone lines are down... can't reach anybody in the DMV
Killer glassware. Resepect.
My first New Year #2012Resolution... I will keep all my usernames/passwords in convenient/secure place and change them monthly.
If this were NBA 2K I would have already turned the 360 off, by accident of course
love that photo. It will be remembered years from now.
YES! I'm in! RT : Who wants to go to this? RT : MAYER HAWTHORNE & THE COUNTY May 15, Majestic $25
Man tiny need to keep her money to herself!
Freak Folk.
THE SECRET SEMINAR! is FREE! Imagine having Jay-Z's Manager Contact, or Bad Boys A&Rs contact. . .If you are an ACTOR, MODEL or in...
Yayy ill have yet another nephew!!!
I highly recommend the Pattison Avenue Could eat it every day!
thanks for the RT!
Best of luck with your furniture business! If you ever need any of our services or suggestions feel free to message us.
has an iPhone!! Yay!!!
Why are you just everywhere all of a sudden?
Finally well is 18
New Offices in New YORK and Paris, another in Bartlett Tenn..we are doing well.
:) about these cds you need to get pressed RT : my name is on the fuckin flyer dog. this is the best Tuesday of my life
that rat is going to be listening to some life of agony when I get home...
Turn that frown upside down...we're going camping!
I followed
I guess I'll just have to call you sexy, handsome, cute and good looking everyday now :)
This probably isn't my smartest choice right now, but at the moment I really don't care.
i know, i know. Fml 
I'm in a seminar on how to improve our social networking presence and how to help more peope with their Real Estate needs.
We sell goats to at least one family every year for Mother's Day forpast 12 years. We had one lady return them haha. Not her cup o tea.
a bro who good?
I literally hate drinking hangovers SUCK!
does anyone know any SEO firms based in Iceland?
I'm so so tired
jamming a long playlist of unheard podcasts while clicking buttons all day
Is that the same actor in #Precious and #TheBlindSide sorry I had to say it
thank u
MIT media lab's metrics of success: uniquesness, massive impact, & magic.
ROOMS AVAILABLE TONIGHT! Come eat dinner, drink whiskey, and sleep off Sunday.
It's in the can! Making movies folks, its a dirty job, but someone has to do it!!! Get ready for the next step: behind the scenes Material!
o good lol i just hate to be annoying
Break a leg on your opening of Romeo & Juliet tomorrow night!
I'd need extra day on the week An extra hour on the clock Just to show you how beautiful you are
team #ubersxsars high<cough><sputter>5!
do u know if rookies are staying in Cleveland to participate in OTAs or are they returning home?
's Workforce Leadership Summit on April 13th - April 14th filling up fast.. openings 4 HIgh School still available.
wish u success. Great article on m&f on u. Amzg gym hours. Terrible
...great show!!
Okay Chicago Bulls fans, seasons over...maybe next year...
Happy Easter!! Have a good day! Say hi to everyone!! <3
I thought he jumped the gun on the Chinese dissident. Sec Clinton was on the ground while he was trying to politicize it.
Enjoy #TravelTuesday - Don't spend it on the phone or browsing unrelated options - book in your calendar by your prefs
Thank you!! RT "I Want Your Money" is one of my favorite movies of all time.
And happy sales to you! :D
Nicki Minaj's Stupid Hoe song flunking! People keep saying your! Will this song reach to the top or flunk to the bottom?!
RT Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins. -1Peter 4:8
You make me feel like the only girl in the world, you keep me smiling even when I'm down, I love you so much. No one compares 3/31/12.<3
talked to today. Need to get in touch with you while in New Orleans?
Sometimes we do everything right and still lose. So what do you do? Keep going. 1 day you will win.
Is that Tim Tebow's semi?
I shall. ": talks about her experience with #autism. Listen out on and "
Orioles go back to back to back in the first inning.
I hear you and agree. I'm hoping for Green or Peterson.
Do you have a middle name you don't tell anyone about? Care to share it with us? C'mon we won't judge....
Wild Boar Brats , Smoked Garlic Sausage today:-) Triple Chocolate Brownies ! Also 2qtr lb Regular Beef or Polish Beef for $6.00
Why am I not surprised? lol
Good morning, #Albuquerque! We're open in t-10 minutes and ready to launch your apparel and promotional products branding mission today! ;)
do it
Happy Friday!
I NEED YOU...PROFESSIONALLY. Call me, will inbox you.
Thank you! :D
Goodnight everyone, come back tomorrow and say Hello to your fellow Farm friends! Our strain of the day is Super Silver Berry!
Man tired bout to faint
yeah girl!!! Seriously, best first job I could have asked for lol
all we need now is #SanFran & we'll be ready!!! July 1st can't come soon enough!!
I seriously need a break from working office jobs. This 9 to 5 thing is not the business - never was...
#NoMatterWhatImGonna Stay True To Myself, My Fans, Family And Friends. The "Me" You See Now Will Be The Same "Me" 10 Years From Now
“: Never thought I'd be jealous of fox dorks north reporters.. But I am #TheyreInNYC #FB” barf new makeup tho
A girl with her long wavy brown hair ? It is Arianna Lindsay McSmith
im lightweight out of snacks... well the shit i want... i want some damn cheesecake or sweet potato pie or somethin.... or some donuts
i'm completely caught up!! Waiting for the new one to come out not on hbo
OUCH MY HIP. Dont want to practice for four hours right now.
iim on my way
The number one rule of love: you can never be just friends with someone that you're in love with.
check your email bro. ^.^
Perfect day for a road trip. Likely End destination: a ditch in eastern Washington
Cake n hall paid for cash money I'm the queen around here lol love that movie
#JoeyDiamondFact joey finds it a bit annoying when people ask about his sexual preference....
Thanks for the #FF love, Cindy : )
Happy birthday!!
Having a great time at the concert! is killing it on the drums!
Why do you wish you hadn't clicked it?
indeed. Lady approved!
I am not registered to vote. Yes certain people will kick my ass when they find out. Voted for Obama and got a letter my signature rejected!
"I'm not going to be the first president to lose a war." - Lyndon B. Johnson
in most cases the viewing habits and the level of engagement is different
It's not summer yet people...
Thx for the invite! I'm lunching with today, though. Enjoy!
How is that unique? They've played it at Braves games for years.
what you know about jetalert??
is going to Brazil in June!
CHRONIC PAIN MOVEMENT TO MUSIC groups forming NOW for summer (Boston North - Lynnfield) Call me NOW for a consult!! 9782907090
you've got it backward. you're *my* idol. also, you haven't met the right cats yet. (right cats = teva and isabel)
Yu a hot starr.. no bitch badder!
You cannot control situations that arise or what other people will do. But you can choose how you will meet each experience.
says he wants events like this to be normal. this shouldn't be uncommon and exceptional
Sometimes when I look into people's eyes I can see where they've been and what they've been through.
I'm a Scorpio, I'm all or nothing, right now I'm 100% angry....
Looking to buy or sell a home, call She handles all of my social media too. I'm everywhere shooting video and she promotes it.
I'M SO EXCITED
The Oh Group is a sponsors for the Asian Festival on 5/12. Make sure you come out for this FREE family event: 11AM-7PM @ Main Street Garden.
that's what you get for taking so long in that bathroom...
Sure am glad my spring break will not consist of needing to be tan or wear a swimsuit.
Years I was at #mladla I always felt like I was the only one with a laptop/iPad in the room. Means no fighting for outlets tho.
People don't sue very often. No one knows if it is fair, and Lawyers cost money.
Guy just barehanded Markakis home run ball.
Bout to fuck up sum food
Thanks Newt Gingrich for clearing that up for me.
YES i AM a UFO believer. are u ?
Great times w you dropping knowledge at #demo2012 will have to catch you again in
Follow back not spam..
When you point your finger, you have 3 pointing back at you.
RT : "If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?" --Joe Namath
is it though?
Did you color coordinate to the car on purpose? Those gals taught you something, after all!
In Rainbows for my morning commute today.
Downtown subleases are the way to go lately, plenty of space for Class B prices.
i am betting yes...should finish with at least 22 wins
I second that! Come hungry ! Come all!
Oh man, here we go!
Honestly, what's wrong with me? Can't even do one simple project right.
followback,is Sexy related to Watch Desperate Housewives Online
Looks cool. Hope it goes well!
You mean the filename isn’t a primary repository of all descriptive metadata? Heathen! :-)
#heavenhelpme talk to strangers, heaven help me over you...everything reminds my heart of you.....another good one you don't hear too often.
no zip-lining Tinkerbell anymore???
5 meta-analysis show exercise provides the same results for mild-major depression as drugs w/out neg side effects To your Dr, "Just say no".
The first Friday after the first full week of teaching seems so much like a lie. At least tomorrow's a chance to sleep in.
Gee thanks, Rachel! I was feeling SO guilty shopping at Walmart until you gave me permission. But isn't my choice evil??
Bring it Rizz!
Sometimes I wanna give up on this life and start all over I don't feel satisfied with who I've become
Photo sessions for $50 all week long. Let me know
STARTING TUESDAY - $3 downtown DELIVERIES for your weekday lunches!
please follow me please vinny please follow me please vinny please follow me
The Balt Credit Improvement Program is offering free credit workshops, report reviews & counseling. For info call Pete Pakas at 410-545-6958
Waiting in line for the Joan Didion talk at the Vibiana two hours in advance with some hardcore ladies.
GUYS! Did you hear?! LL Cool J was added to Ravinia! I'm going to get my wine & cheese gangsta boogie on y'all!
A fucking lynx. Omg.
Best of luck to everyone who is playing in the WSOPC Events at the
on twitter, ill keep growing with this which i should just like facebook
I only miss you when I'm breathing.
Technology these days is amazing..if you haven't already, check out Tupac of the most amazing things I've seen in a while!
So..... I was thinking..... The beach, the waves, the sun, the sand, a few drinks, and a deep tan!!! Who's taking me, lol!
Subscribe and add me on youtube, Facebook and Myspace!
": Gotta think so. RT : does Perry start from day 1?" But they just resigned WALDEN!??
This conversation is making me feel really old. Kids these days, with their shazaming & whatnot...
Great remedies here to prevent or relieve your symptoms! Here are my notes posted about Allergies, Eczema, and Asthma. Man I love !
how much?
Thanks so much! Me TO! :) They're both on the list. :)
Me: my foot hurts Ryan: MAYBE YOU SHOULD STOP SUCKING DICK
#SAYSOMETHIN . We love that song austin <333 It´s awesome (:
I pray for you & your family for strength & much more love 4 your family during this time. May Jehovah always guide you&yours.
I've got tix for Strasmas tomorrow night. What games are you headed to?
Hi, my path is not updating at all help please.
Dept. of Rude Chairs = band name of the day (courtesy )
“: ": The value of a woman is worth more than gold." the right woman. . .” ms. sherice would be d name.
Theres no other choice but to, unfortunately
you got it :]
much luv to texas and louisiana - feels kinda good to be back though
17 baskets a awesome video
You may know someone who has HIV/AIDS, or even someone who has died from it. If so, you will have seen how HIV/AIDS can affect families.
His hair should have its own photo.
Wish we could have gotten him. We need pass rush!!
Bitches ain't shit and they ain't say nothing.. A hundred mother fuckers can't tell me nothing.
Good for you!! That all sounds brilliant. And day off Friday too! Enjoy!! :)
Relaxing at home today
Here's a handy leadership tip from JP Morgan Chase CEO James Dimon: “You have to fight self-deception." Hm.
Listening to
Officer Birkholz was a Kenosha native and moved to Fond du Lac to work for the police department.
We wish everyone a Happy and Safe Holiday Season!
“: Mitt Romney is "in touch" with the American people, through his call center in Bangalore.”
that sucks dude
Want a #nude discount getaway $100 per night Caliente Resorts
cute :P
": my outfit for this evening has FINALLY been approved!" -what, no pix?
Enough with the Bootstrap sites already. Hacker news is overflowing with them..
Pat kirch gives me so much hope.
that's cute!
I miss having someone to call my own :(
if your muscles are tired (but not sore) does that mean you're overworking them and need rest or does that mean you're doing good?
Soo our secretary just told us that tomorrow we are being taken out to lunch for Teacher's Day. Guess where??? Hooters! HA!!!
In The lab Mixing Tracks
I found a fatal flaw in the logic of Love, and got out of my head.
My heart can't tell you no
had much fun tonight with my loves
I just need one more thing to be complete.
finally created a *simple* workflow for converting DXFs exported from Processing to STLs for 3d printing or generating CNC toolpaths
You're welcome!
Steamed littleneck clams with sopressata, potatoes, spicy pickled carrots, celery & white wine... Yum!
Credit card systems down all over the country, but no news of it anywhere? WTH. On the upside, my sis & I got into Hunger Games for free.
“I’m convinced that about half of what separates the successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance”. Steve Jobs
Yo ain't following me back, that's that shit I don't like!
feel your pain bro
Okay. It's official. These meds aren't cutting it. Time to up the ante.
RT : -__- I didn't miss you, I was concerned about your absences!
Today feels like its already been the longest day of the year D:
You can’t reach what’s in front of you until you let go of what’s behind you.
And so much more happened in this series ending, I can't begin to understand half of it, since I rarely got the opportunity to watch it....
HAPPY 19th BIRTHDAY NATHAN JAMES SYKES!! I love you soo much!!!❤❤
RT : About to smack my patient!! (Judge me idgaf) Lol.. Dnt worry, the Judge will most definitely do that. U going to jail homie
Leaving the jail now...
they must have forgot to mention the assassination tht took place there as well. knows what I mean.
Responded to FIRE @ 1250 38th St, Brooklyn, NY 11218. Red Cross auto update.
well said.
I need to Tweet more,but Life is so Boring right now.In April I start a new job working with a photographer as his make-up artist. Excited!
I won't make it this time
Looking for sports bloggers to write stories on specific #NBA #MLB & #NFL teams. Fans or non fans, reply. Just need 2 be able to take stance
Email info @ makrs.com(no spaces) and we'll discuss. :)
. is afraid of American reporters, but flippantly says that "...anybody would give that order" to take out OBL
2 weeks until Out Of Your Head Improv classes start at Actors Comedy Studio. Can't wait to teach! Sign up at www.actorscomedystudio.
lol I'm on kendall and 107th though probably a little far for you, ask Maria for a #cortadito lol
My goal is to go to my last stupid ass freshman class hungover.
Praying for a safe journey!
ok I'm following both accounts now
You're an adult, and you're carrying a Ziploc baggie of cash to the library? I can recommend some stores for wallets...
yeah it is pretty cute r u a boy or girl i am a girl !!!
As long as someone can edit, A Google Doc is never finished. You're right that this reveals something about writing in general.
When you think you do something weird until there's a group or status about it and your like 'phew im not the only one'
I agree #Retail if you are going mobile, concentrate on the #mobile experience, then product, price and positioning.
. Thanks for the RT, Bonnie!
Outpost for Contemporary Art hosts temp installation of work by Bowers & Koumoundouros this Friday 6-9 pm. Come check it out!
Truth. They did beat Cincy earlier this season...when Fab was out. So there's that.
Nutella really makes the children manageable in the morning..
When life gives you lemons, dismember it with a chainsaw.
Spring ahead w/some highlights and your cut is FREE!!($50value)with Kelly Thurs/Fri/Sat Only CALL 256-3490,Lets sun kiss your locks today!
Thanks! We'll see what happens, crossing my fingers the training goes well! Miss you!
me too!
thank you uniport!
Morris and I are down, but it's going to cost you. Getting him out of prison might be pretty expensive.
Does Russ Westbrook never get tired? or tired of missing jumpers?
"Wrinkled Was Not One of the Things I Wanted to Be When I Grew Up"
Can you follow me so I can invite you to join CNN's live coverage of this breaking news story?
YOU'RE MISSING OUT. rookie ass bitch
Hope you had a Happy Birthday!
My books and other neat things for more than one day continued. Now that is a miracle of Friday!
....Dan, im a remote worker. Let me know if i can help.
thought Winnipeg was above the tree line :)
How is it we just know which foods have made us sick?
RT : RT : Matters of the heart suck. I mean you have heartache, heartbreak, heart attack...
You're right, they ain't no Reyes and...oh nevermind.
Since money was the focus of today's #DailyQuote, we've got a moolah-inspired question for you coming up at 11 a.m.
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you! ~
Thanks 4 the follow back John. Isn't there some statistics out there about bacteria & eating @ the office desk?! Enjoy lunch!
Thanks for a great #sschat. Hopefully, I will get to be involved in more. Spring break this week for me.
Curtis? Are you single?
Keep ya head up. No pun intended.
About 20 mins away, but I have to drop the kids off at my moms first.
at the buzzer!
Today my dad starts physical therapy... He's been there so often that they know him by name
Oregon Ducks tennis preparing to smash UCSB tennis this weekend, we betting on this?!
Is this what we on? You gettin soft on me. #BadBusiness RT #IfWeWereTogetherRightnow she would be layin in my arms.
....can't wait to hang out this weekend...LOL
if u got ass 4 days os sexy swag u might b a hip hop girl contest contest contest!!!! 5000.00$$$$ grand prize!!!! www.hiphopgirlz.com
My Jets are in BIG trouble. Sanchez throws pick 6,not good.
supporting #reading and eduction one book at a time, inspiring #interview for #DLF, big book launch #party tomorrow!
Happy mothers day
Morning all you Stars and Studs! {Blows a kiss to you all!} Raw is tonight!!!!!
dare I say right back at ya?
yeeh oh n ive asked u like a billion times lol umm how much are the tickets??
I taught a continuing ed class in prewar American experimental music a few months ago - fantastic experience.
reports: PFD deposited into Anch couple's account, then erroneously garnished, then deposited again.
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 16
not joining tonight, but may join on Tuesday at for Tech & Entrepreneurship Power #Network!
About to go put in work on my electrical construction lab.
Hollande edges Sarkozy by 3.3%. The Socialist candidate and current Conservative President will battle it out in the May election
Give God your heart He wont break it<3
I just said the word "exponents" out loud for no real reason.
I just want my bed
Game Day! Spurs vs Raptors. Go Spurs Go!
dude yes. I was riding behind him and saw it. Crazy
RT Tune in to #CSPAN 1 today at 3:00 p.m. for Ralph Nader's "Debating Taboos" event.
My girlfriend is #awesome!!!!
Seriously is track practice happening around the campus down here?
baking all day long, then seeing my man at night...hmm sounds like a perfect day to me tomorrow.
link, please? :)
In a perfect world, both.
That looks a bit confusing, why not skip the puzzle and just drink the wine?
Lotto time!!!
curious as to why you blocked me.
Gold Card Week starts tomorrow! Stock up on your monthly supplements and buy some great stocking stuffers!
the moment when you realize facebook has made more changes than obama since he became president.
Thanks stinker:) I love you!!
I don't think you do really know!
Finally home! 1st track meet tomorrow , I'm so nervous yet excited , let's see how it goes !
he did
shout out
Good question! RT : How do you use technology to make your product better?
u got H1N1 swine flu
Just made a j.cole, 2chainz, and drake pandora station. #summer2k12 let's go!!
and not deserved.
r u gonna ignore my subject on medical cannabis?
aw naw I ain't stressed, I'm just enjoying how warm it is!! This is smoking outside weather. ~_~
I gotta check out your geocities site!
could you believe I've never once played scrabble :/
I cannot stop reading The Hunger Games. Staying up late to read is so rebellious. Take that week night.
Time and Gems Reviews the Rolex Kentucky Sporting Event
My kids are little (2 & 4) so it's a craft they can participate in, and it keeps my creative juices flowing! Have fun!
how many g of protein does the slice of double pep have? i guessed at 12. didn't see it on the nutrition menu online
We gotta get you some real California IN N OUT instead of the Dallas stuff
Guys with green eyes >>>>>
The self is not something that one finds; it is something that one creates. -Thomas Szasz
WHATS UP BRO? ARE YOU STILL DOING MUSIC?
We want you to help us spread the word about LocalBonus! RT this!
10 more days of school 5 days till talent show :D exciting stuff coming up!!
Dont Really know What i see...
I made my mother cook bacon. I got it like that.
Thanks for your time today ! It was fun talking to you and I hope I can show you my heels in person soon!
I been everywhere looking for someone...looking for that one...looking for you babe
i've been on the streets since 7 in the fuckinqq morning ! not going back home lol .
I love Mick,huge fan but his comedy confuses me.
Just cuz I didn't get my sis a prez 4 her bday doesn't mean we don't give her anything anyother day
Hoping for good sleeps tonight... Sweet dreams
Thanks!! I'll post the lungs next... ;-)
I'm sure...I went back in 2001 & it was incredible. Maybe next year! Where is #NCSS2012?
Ex-slave Jourdan Anderson’s answer to his former master in Big Spring, Wilson County, requesting he come back to Tenn. -...
Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings. --Ralph Blum
It seems like everytime I take painkillers I have to add one to feel better.
D.Wade bullied his coach. I missed this highlight of him yelling at Erica Strada
im about 3 cookies away from being a complete fatass
perfect, thanks. When I bought tickets I didn't think they might secure the division that night, could happen!! :)
looking for a good RSS application on FB to pull blog posts into a FB page. Suggestions?
i think it's so cute when a girl has to tippy toe to kiss the boy :')
At first she was afraid, now she's petrified.....literally. RIP Donna Summers #TooSoon ?
I want some Captain Crunch
omg he annoys the h3ll outta me but i care about him
Wake up at 7 to work on paper due today. Spend the first hour listening to music
In or out this week: Aaron Rodgers? I only trust your word, big man. You need to get me on your workout plan, I'm willing to pay
These pictures all make me feel pretty weird!!
GO BEYONCE I LOVE YOU!!!!!!! Congratrs with the bayba
what is on my mind? hmm....whats on YOUR mind, twitter? im sick of explaining my problems. its someone else's turn.
We are having a late dinner of Red beans and rice with sausage. What are you guys having or what did you have?
was god
Good luck to all the CCB dancers at the United States Dance Championships!
thanks im gonna NEED IT! lol
Work meeting at panera. Hoping it leads to some new business for the office.
christian <3 my babe .
I'm waiting for to get back to me. Hang on.
Yes, and I've been researching career coaches and finding a serious lack of them in DC.
And the second shift is arriving. Yay! Bring coffee!
It was just gas... you aren't having a baby?
“I am a leaf on the wind. Look at how I soar.”
Of course my mood is messed up now.
Congrats for making ALL-AMERICAN honorable mention!! So excited for you!
nvm found you.
I thought it was all I needed
When you make something as out of the ordinary as a silent film, it's going to get some kind of award. Or Best Picture.
Skyfall: Naomie Harris on Bond girl Eve: A new video diary by the actress playing Miss Moneypenny in 'Skyfall' h..
funny ass set the stage for we still laughing.. Great show fellas... Kisses n hugs
Needing a haircut. Arg but mtgs. IDEA: There should be roaming barbers on campus that cut your hair during ineffective meetings. yes.
Can't wait to try dinner at in Love the way the sunlight hits the gardens :)
Awh well thank you!!
go out and vote for Ron Paul.
Any news from the boat show today? Need to make another visit. Today or tomorrow?
Promises mean everything, but after they are broken, sorry means nothing.
will the Google docs app finally let me view my apps for domains email attachments on my phone? Cause that would be sweet.
people need to realize ur wire face
Power Up Your Career workshop starts in 10 minutes!
#IGetJealousOf the cute gay guys in a relationship, why can't that be me?
Fun eve with my husband at Cirque.
I NEED ONE MORE FOLLOWER!!!
Haven't heard of it, but I'll check it out. I need some summer books. Well, a LOT of summer books, apparently . . .
I want some grits. Care to share? XD
#FF we love working with
I miss you :)
Weezy F baby . The F is for fascinate . <3
Mean while after school me & my two friends got chased by a dog lmao! Funniest day of my LIFE!!!
that boy.
really good bands that i love HATE florida. these tours are making me angry
Bond International Software updates StaffSuite platform to support QR codes - QR Code Press
#mobile2012 sessions to include "That's My App-Students Can Make Apps," "Comparing Apples and Androids" & "Streamling Communication."
what the heck you weren't following me?
"When Zayn is very tired, he wouldn't care who you are, he'll automatically sleep on your shoulder" RT if you want Zayn to sleep on you.
Riley is my everything if u ever do anything to disrespect her im done with you
Nothing is real
Great day with my wife, daughter, Mom, Dad, sister, and nephew. Great but expensive. Now time to catch the end of the Bulls game!
One of my many goals: Change people's lives
I've gotten so tired! Going to bed early.
Sexiest Boyfriend ever
Sometimes I wonder why I even bother ever closing my computer's file of ' "Confronting the Challenges of Participatory Culture"
I know right!!!!
In this week’s Holiday Movie Preview special in TIME, I profiled Michael Fassbender, who’s had an incredible year — playing Mr. Roc
How many decision makers do you think really know how bad the google ranking is?DO they know how easy & cost effective it can be improved?
Speaking Of Opp I Miss My Youngest>>>>>
Hey girlfriend good to see u on tweeter!
sadly i think we will need a NIT office bracket this year...
Just heard the Fenway Flyover. Play ball!
please follow and have our full support see YOU Soon! #follow back
that record has a innervisions vibe to it but it's dope nevertheless...
What feeling is so nice as a child's hand in yours? So small, so soft and warm, like a kitten huddling in the shelter of your clasp
Mixed feelings about that appt
Unpacking ain't no joke SMH
call in, right now list is just me :(
Thanks Brian..I'll pass it on to Jim our Depthchartmeister..
Excited to start working on all the great Social Media tips that of gave to us at lunch on Friday. You're awesome!
Of course every make from ford has had problems today! Found On Road Dead. Fix Or Repair Daily.
I always manage to piss my mom off & she wonders why I never want to be home.
Go...Jackrabbits.....
I will call you first thing in the morning when I can get into the system to see what the problem is. Sorry for the trouble
“: is following me! What?!? I love the JaneDear Girls!” Thanks for being my friend=)
..that's the system I have greatest experience and insight into.
thank you! (:
Everything you told us NOT to do in PR the PSU admin has done so far. Simply amazing. This week should be a "how not to" doc
Where Is your man Ruben!?? Lol
Who knew Jimmy Hollenbach ran this account? RT : BEST PICK UP LINE: Roses are red, Violets are blue, I have a gun, get in the car.
Burlesque with Lizzie :)
is there such a thing?
if you're on twitter, but not answering ur fone, call me
I think... I think you shouldn't send emails with a subject line that starts "Emailing: ..."
Anyone have thoughts on the "blogger to book author genre"? I'm interested in the trend.
nice #defensemechanism. Just giving you #Blunt feedback because you seem lost.
Braces off after 34.5 months. Finally!!
a rocky start indeed. any other options for getting your workout in?
he don't shop over there lol
Good. Everyone's asleep and I'm puttering around, looking for something to do. You said something abt old age? lol
yes. So.. hoping it will be extra special. :)
Do you remember me? From WIXX. I am the girl who you complimented my skirt & vest & wanted to borrow it lol. Please follow me
Have a great time with your son today!
The awkward moment when your realize that you don't like your crush anymore.
: you can't play hookey on Friday by any chance, can you? #fridayfunfest?
Oh, a night sim! Knowing when to evac can save resources and money. Thanks for sharing.
8. Ice Cream Paint Job = A very nice paint job and well done interior seating
Thanks ’s Marie-Pierre & for today’s communicating #Rioplus20 & #futurewewant discussion!
Every morning you have two choices, continue your sleep with dreams or wake up and chase ur dreams. Choice is Your. GOOD MORNING
RAIDER NATION NEXT YEAR
if I gotta face time! Imma #real rat! Lol
remember when there was a model contest with girls from several countries and they took pics at Saif-Al Islam's home?
hey boo text me when you can i want to talk to you about some business . xoxo thankz
I have fought my way to the castle, beyond the goblin city
hey guys follow back? :]
WHAT UP BRUH? LONG TIME SICE ENCORE. HOW U BEEN HOMIE?
aww what the hell! Thats awful
BILLY MAYS DIED! :( RIP BILLY MAYS!
I thought chief keef was on house arrest... Hm
Woke up and looked at my babys picture:(.
Going to see Great Noise Ensemble's Gurerilla New Music #IntersectionsDC tonight at 7 PM at The Atlas. Come on over!
Scooter seriously need to shut UP
Whats for Dinner? Blossoming Lotus of course! Check out the latest creations on our new Dinner Menu at www.blpdx.com and come by tonight!
so much print is not yet digitized. every time I read about library budget cuts, closed archives, I wonder what will be lost forever.
that's true...
One last game den finna go home
hope you both got some rest and are doing ok. love from silver spring.
“: And mad respect bc the edge had beastie boy tributes going but the "hip hop" station was playing "lil scrappy"” thx
"I heard you're looking for a gentleman is it okay if he's Australian too?" you're to cute <3 spread the message! #simpsonizer!
uh what about #24? I mean he is on the pole.
LIT with a lime
hope u enjoyed the long break! How was twilight?
lmaooooooo...hell thats no sex for 26 hours straight just get to watch each other drive...blowed DONTJUDGEME
Thanks for the mention Bizzy! :)
Seacrest is too good a journalist for a tabloid news show. Plus...they couldn't afford him.
Joining the global revolution to get funk out of David's laundry....
Benton notes in def of Starkman geography still central to dem process and current investments don't effectively reflect that.
And where do winners eat? CiCi's.
An error doesn't become a mistake until you refuse to correct it.
Just viewed #Pants on the Ground... Red Carpet-Grammy Awards. I may be alone on this one but once is more than enough
Let's rock! RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at PEPPER.
Happy birthday!
I haven't talked to my bff in like 50 years. What's going on love??
this girl said she can do me better than any man & take care of my kids. uhm ....uh .....stuttering
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow 
finally watched the top chef finale and couldn't be happier for He was my choice from episode one!
We had so much fun in Kirskville! They are some crazy #swangers! I hope to be back soon!
I officially HATE curbs now.
Wow. Just drove the BMW 3 series I'll have all summer. It truly is the ultimate driving machine. AMAZING!!
yeah, we have to plan this! So far there is no doubt I'm going to both days
There is still room for the COA review course to be held Feb. 11 in Dedham MA
Show your support by encouraging your followers to vote at www.capitalonebowl.com!
Exactly! RT : When life gives you lemons....add vodka and throw a party!!!
love you too!
RT : Living proof! “: Remember, you don't have to have a headache to have a brain tumor. #BRAINTUMORTHURSDAY”
good luck y'all are gonna kill it again <3
Today is wonderful.
could not agree with you more!!! Finally someone has the guts to say this!!!
Last time I checked, "no" still meant "no". Did this change when I wasn't looking?
What do folks think of the new Steven Wilson album?
I'm so glad I can be fat without actually being fat
So glad you guys enjoyed yourselves!
tell me anything other than love?
Of all the things I've ever lost, I miss my mind the most.
and all night.
According to #Newsweek, the #CoastGuard now assumes the avg. boat passenger weighs 185 lbs.
About to rock this aflac party in vegas!
Thanks for the follows and !
it's due Wednesday
Does any1 else think parents need to stop exposing their kids on Youtube to create a stir and generate some sort of financial gain?
People who haven't been in Cliff Claven's kitchen. RT : What do Sapp, Iverson, Dykstra, Tyson& Marion Jones have in common?
“If you wait until there is another case study in your industry, you will be too late.” – Set Godin, Keynote Speaker, Author of Permissio...
Etta starts school today K-3. I am such a proud daddy!
happy birthday, SON!!!
going postal... like I'm supposed to...
#FF the love of my life <3333333
iTriage is at the Healthcare Leadership Council today presenting to congress members!
Yes. Tweet requirement fulfilled. RT : This is my 200th tweet. Does that mean #BUcom will let me graduate now?
Oh I cannot fly with an airline that bows before Catholic bigots. My trip booked next month will be the last on your airline.
Clue #2: music is in the air
Your so cute Lexi <3 ": I ask God not for an easy path, but for the strength & endurance to be where I wanna be."
Great to finally meet you. Keep up the good work with !
Imagines George Romero getting his inspiration for DAWN OF THE DEAD (1978) from watching the masses during these crazed shopping sprees
2) i hope so too
Gifted Unlimited Rhymes Universal
Thanks for RTs: , Conservative
Glad you're feeling better... Twitter really needs a Like button... LOL :-)
Mom on O'Brien #DowntonAbbey S1: What a bitch this one is. She's awful. What a bitch she is. Oh she's sick. She is a mean son of a bitch.
Did you know native americans had a name for homosexuals, and regarded them as priests and caregivers of children ?
Bout to relax and call it a night
I have never needed a #cocacola so badly in my life right now
a heart
I ALMOST FORGOT ALFRED MOLINA WAS IN #RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARC 1981)
Who ordering dat fight doe :D
Worst flight of all time... By far
Thank you so much brother. I truly appreciate your support and friendship throughout this process
I love when the music in Starbucks is louder than the music playing in my headphones... #sarcasm #turnitdown!
“: kk you should ✈ better yet take a jet 🚀 !” -- I would if u waiting on me to get there
Restarted Firefox and it is working now.
hope you like it:)
yes.. problem?
server capone is down. please fix. strike three - I'm about to walk from your services.
Jonathan Frid, Dark Shadows first Barnabas Collins died of natural causes but made a cameo for the new film before his death.
I never had the "no things in nose" talk with him, so it's a bit of a mystery. Tho I think his big brother might be involved. :)
I love this smut!!!!
As much as I love Twitter, bagels & lox, freelancers like me missed all the fun at last Friday's meeting.
Think you can go today without complaining?! Come on, give it a try....
I like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese
lot of pain! I hope you get to meet them really soon too :)
that's fair. thanks!
Economist Alfred Marshall is the first to coin the term "factory farm" - in 1890
yea I wanted to but the ticket I was gonna get was cheaper and idk if i have $80 to spend right now ill let u know though
All those lessons were learned the hard way...in the marketing trenches
LA Rain = Leave 1 hour earlier !
R.I.P KYRON GONE BUT NOT FORGOTTEN ALWAYS
Interesting that Writing Spaces has a 50% acceptance rate. Good to know
Its 6:30 am and I'm practicing piano. today is lesson day.
OK, I'll consider not revoking your fanboy card
Happy Cinco de Mayo;)
How long before Mitt Romney splits open and a large cockroach from the planet Kolob emerges to take over our nation?
so fun chatting with you! I think we could entertain ourselves for hours just laughing!
Come on!!! Need jobs to pay for #visa!!!!!!
They don’t make drugs that make you feel as good as when you create something. -
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them, humanity cannot survive.
very nice work.
Stay fixed on what character is thinking, then we can't lie as actors.
👈it was her idea! Haha but sometimes she looks so innocent 👼
Dear People of The World, I don't mean to sound slutty but use me whenever you want. Sincerely, Proper Grammar.
Looking forward to the weekend
Thanks! Much love and all that mushy stuff! I can drink now. I don't wanna drink, but I CAN! That's all that matters.
ah, my singing coach canceled. /: so gonna go get my cartlige pierced instead whoop! :D
good ! tell me more about you ? :)
#nccetl two most imp. Learning tools? Kids answer? SMS & social networking (3rd you tube) all 3 are banned. -foltos
I hope u are right, unlike the stellar career u projected from JJ Arrington .
Trip to Louisville got cancelled as of 5:30 this morning. Couldn't go back to sleep after that.
I'll Love You Til The End .
hey Tia pls tell Britney she needs a twitter account. So her fans can stay in touch with her.
Really enjoyed your talk tonight! One of my strengths was context, but I'm not sure it applies to me. Can you explain it more?
The secret source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow
if She's 11, she's too young for you bro!
#GirlsShould buy him flowers.
This is very demeaning to women. Just because there are female pro wrestling events,
My fucking cart crashed....
Need auto #repair? We can ease the burden on your repair bills through social media.
Hey are you following yet?? I didn't realize they are on twitter!!
Like us on facebook www.facebook.com/aafmiami and follow us on linkedin under
ribs was w/some bimbo hoe in Chi.too..uggh..he's weird.
New York, New Yoooorrrrrkkkkkk!!
I will fight you.
throw the T up my boy
thanks Pisha! I am seriously in shock.
#LeBron #Durant #Wade can we drop the stupid geeky looking black glasses look? k thanks
Win a magnum of Elk Cove Pinot Noir Roosevelt Vineyard '09! DM us to find out how!
hopefully she won't ruin the Snow White movie. And she looks so ungrateful and emo like cheer up! You're with Edward in real
satan who? what's with this illuminati nonsense? when did this become so trendy?
Streaming El Bulli: Cooking in Progress (2011). The film desperately needs context. Observational doesn't work here
Parent- Are you talking back to me? Me- Well, yeah. That`s how communication works.
instagram is the shiznit!!! Lol. Its okay, everyone gives into peer pressure ; p i know i do all the time
Best. Shiba. Ever (tied with Bandit, of course).
Last year doing my own taxes! Next year I'm gonna be MARRIED and 's accountant is gonna do them for me!
Sad I had to miss Jeff Tweedy this a.m.- was on a $%&#* 7:30 a.m. conference call. :-( Can't go to Wilco either: no sitter.
Thx! I think I'll just be surprised! 😉
Make sure to check out today on with & !
sending you a DM.
I've found that I eat a lot less crappy food when I don't put the crappy food in my mouth.
Carroll plays SA Johnson next round. RT : Johnson Baseball >> Cody Dulap hit to center to bring in the winning run. Jags win 5-4!
kidding big guy. You should know that
what it do bro??
Also, a special thanks to The Cottagers! You ladies are fantastic!!
Don't consider what the world requires; think about what makes you come alive.
#GoatCurse /It was a pleasure.
She trynna fuck and i say church!!!
Flipping the camera off in your pictures just screams classy.
haha I just got out tha shower
Aw, come on. Never? It's fun!
I feel like y'all are more emotional and less logical with problem solving, making it harder for us to talk things out with y'all.
yup! We'll contact 's booker to see if we can get him next year *sigh*
Super Cold - Lupe.
RT: Sometimes, you end up losing yourself trying to hold onto someone who doesn't care about losing you.
Good luck! I look forward to reading those session notes
Ugh...my boobs hurt 😞
horrible bosses is funny too!
wats the school number?
In case anyone was wondering... at room temperature, the average air molecule travels at the speed of a rifle bullet.
Donating Blood, Saving Lives today 12-6
God is good.All day everyday.
When My Leg Gets Better, Your Gonna Be My Workout Buddy!
I liked it... It's just my hubby don't like going...
that and the gapping hole in my crotch...
Oh no, that is such a waste of a beautiful bird! I saw a similar dead one next to Nat'l Archives bus shelter in DC last week.
dance party for sure!
Can u DM
an you ask my why don't I trust doctors
I can't handle the auto tune of Wayne & all Wiz raps about it Taylor & weed.
it only takes a few minutes to cook. Definitely an art! Good luck!
Cancer Society supports tax hike - Morris Daily Herald
Choosing to think about a situation in a more positive way can make a healthy difference in how you feel!
The one good thing about washing here is that it's faster than doing laundry at my apt's laundry room - only 6 small machines.
Just be real.
This is National FFA Week! A great story for someone!
follow back?
I feel physically beat up today. So tired, body just aches...Maybe three days off from work was a bad idea.
If you can’t start with energy and enthusiasm in [28] seconds and close the ball down, you’re going to get problems." - John Spencer
Welcome to Water Street ,
Need a valentine? Come to the date auction supporting the American Cancer Society's Relay For Life between 12:30 & 2:30 today at the VC.
Tax free airfare starts today!
I don't need nor want my contacts linked because YOU think they should be! Restore 'unlink' option
well! You guys rock!
I believe that we don't have to change friends if we can understand that friends change.
I mean, I do squats and lifts to keep this ass in gear, but you're old enough to know better. Buy me a drink, atleast. ;)
Although a lot of 80s music was hit or miss, at least it had variety. The 90's opened up the radio to even more variety. What happened?
Men are supposed to bring stability to families but mothers are the back bone.
Hello all! RT : Pls welcome more #WUT2 panelists: and
That's great to hear.
Rant rant rant! I hate waking up early after sleeping til 11 every day over break
BRILLIANT IDEA!!! *le sexy time* Take me- i am ready! ^O.O^
I think this fog is permanent... We all live in Seattle now...
I can't think of anything better than spending my day off watching the #YoMama marathon on MTV 2......Oh wait, yes I can.
A new Elizabeth Kelly? YAY!
Ha...thanks! We'll let them know :-)
Thanks, chica. How are things with you?
I would've went to the Drake concert if I knew J Cole, 2 Chainz, & Meek was gonna be there -_-
#BuildYourFans - Performe live as often at you can to build your fan base!☺
My faggot came to visit me. How sweet of him!(:
The yield on the 10-Year T Note is at 2.33%.
need custom trax hit me up
City BBQ with poppa sodo #YUM!
just left mejier, and there was a man outside practicing his golf swing! When I went in and when I left!
It is a good thing to cleanse the body. Your mind & soul will thank you later.
#imagine Austin:I miss you every hour,every minute,every second .day.night.time thats why i need you! -anna
I fux with
When i can have a drink. So, probably months from now.
A man's health can be judged by which he takes two at a time - pills or stairs. Joan Welsh - Good Morning from Hieber's!
chop the onion and carrots, season it with the grated skin of the lemon and the garlic. Ta-da!
lol...he's always like that...he's got ADHD
#Poker #Quote :I won my ticket on Titanic in a lucky hand of poker...a very lucky hand. -- Jack, in the Movie Titanic
WHY ARE THEY NOW CHANGING TWITTER... Just now getting used to the way it was. I am so lost now...
I cannot wait for 1st and 10 tomorrow. What a game for Denver, I want to see footage from the halftime speech.
Putting your house on the market for sale with no preparation is like going to a job interview in your pajamas.
I was on the march to Brooklyn Bridge! But I was with my daughter, so we didn't get to be arrested.
yea girl to virginia beach!
Yeah I bleached it like 4 or 5 times in 1 day 😭 worst mistake ever. You're lucky! Hahaha
when is your concert in MI?
I am me, i am me thought u knew bout da team ah!!! #FMG wat it do
model for people on the fence or who are just scared and #Eva was too. 3 girls are inspirations
UNM's independent student newspaper, has a new editor-in-chief: Elizabeth Cleary. She plans to focus more on using social media.
Off to the great wide open. 2000 miles ahead of me by car. Took my sister's death to get me back to SoFL.
ya, show is today
you need to get some sleep. You have a contest to run today.
I once had the sad realization that all the amazing coffee in Mexico was amazing because it was made with whole milk.
Haha already am :)
Me too.
Uhh skin tone? Haha come on you know better than that ;)
OH MY GOD YOU GUYS. I GOT THE MEET AND GREET PASSES. LOL, JUST KIDDING.
Junior Seau is dead?!?
My forgiving policy is just like the state of Fla....u commit the same offense 3X & its a wrap for life.
good choice. Go cuse
no special products out there that will be make hair grow at a faster rate than the next person. It's all genetics re: growth
it was from when we were in the car together and she was sending them to you, through my phone haha
Home from trip to Ann Arbor, MI. Met with training colleagues to discuss new training initiatives and projects. Great to see everyone!
At the Social Media for Nonprofits conference - Guy Kawasaki on enchantment: be a baker not an eater.
I would like to thank the 100 followers I gained in the past 12 hours and I will mention you all by name at some point today!
Finals already?!? Where did the semester go?!
Google, why do you make me copy my Dentist's address into the location field of my appointment by hand? linking docs is somehow easier?
“: Time for an espresso, I think...”. Sounds good! Coffee isn't working today.
i got all of din yesterday b4 the awardz!
Almost told the gas station lady I loved her... So, it's gonna be one of those type days.
worked. Thanks!
#hogab hold on go ask Beth?
Today is the day for the "Best in Show" at the Orleans! Come out and support this great cause. I'll be performing at 1pm.
Check us out if you have a min. We're from San Jose CA. Big fans of yours! Cheers!
Ur so pretty ;) text me<3
I know plenty of hoes in love with they nigga. But they be the same bitch thats fuckin niggas
But he has a smartphone. He is just too much. If he could make money from tweets then he would do it.
next time you see him just say moccasin to him.
Sometimes u have to cry to clean your eyes. Lol ": Sometimes you have to cry in order to smile in the end."
Why would we EVER make fun of Niall's laugh? It's the most beautiful sound in the world besides his singing.(; #StopLLN i guess...
remember there is no dating black hole, or anything wrong with being single and dating
I'd rather feel pain than nothing at all
nice car
no probs:)..& he followed you someday :D
Wow, it was super cool to see all the people in pink walking in my neighborhood today. Cheers for Breast Cancer Awareness!
Jesus lady, ill leave the womens restroom, just let me finish this pickup line. Answer the question, Do u believe in love at first sight?
"Hire a consultant" is the worst way to plug holes in planning. Try "thinking this through together" first.
Perfect morning-after breakfast: Charoset Yogurt Parfait.
Ch. 5 Question: Which police agency would investigate a crime that occurred on campus, such as a hit and run or theft of a backpack?
I can't slp wen I'm dead..
ok..we know wat happen the last time u 2 hooped against me!!
i wish i was born in la or florida... life would be so much easier :(
I heart "comb- overs" on guys
when you start strapping on, I go into hiding.
Do you know how to grill a steak? Then it's a great day to enter the recipe contest so you can win a brand new grill.
Oliverez: cohort models, peer mentoring & leadership = effective strategies for increasing college success.
99.9% of the time when I text lol I'm not even laughing or smiling.((Stolen)) But R.S
They serve NO beer at the NCAA games. Why am I here!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Mediation can be a wonderful thing, but I never advise adding a mediation REQUIREMENT to your court orders.
This week's Star of the Week is Mr. Michael Gillium he scored 100 on his last shop score.
The more I watch LA and Miami ink the more I wanna get a tattoo
totally grilling tonight. maybe breaking out the bottle of Sorachi Ace we got a couple of weeks ago.
yes it is when you this good at it :D
Hurrah, weather radios for Community Preparedness Day have arrived! Putting the final touches on our 100 kits, too.
#sigh finally got those weights off my chest
You can't buy love, because when it's real, it's priceless.
WHAT CHANEL IS IT ON PLS REPLY D:
I hope you do too. I love you.
girl, heck yes! That's what I'm going for! (; idk white or black tho?
hey everyone! SO to lol! everybody go follow her! everyone who follows her will get a follow and SO from me!!!!! :) thanks
all the work thus far has plays on radio and undergroung club play in canada, nigeria, egypt, japan. i will get official
dumb. so congrats you learned something new today
No better way to berate yourself for not majoring in something more worthwhile back in college than working at a call center.
I heard that but is that true?
I missed the 666th tweet. :( it was gonna be a and and shoutout. A7X too, but I didn't see in my
Most important element for successful #BYOD is managing workflow -apps like Evernote, DropBox for collection & collaboration
Wow! What an excellent idea- thanks for sharing!
We need the full line-up! If any Forecastle bands play Cincy too, I'm hoping for and !
We had our first time together :$
Congrats to , , , , & for winning a Clear2Go retailer gift card!
