Many thanks for all the work on Scrubs. One of very few shows that has affected me on a personal level. Can't thank you enough!
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded. ~Maya Angelou
Having tea with Sue the Tyrannosaur on a grey Chicago afternoon.
They haven't had a good crazy gimmick in a while. Always reminds me of the "attitude era" which was full of off the wall gimmicks.
“: My inner Sherlock Holmes is coming out.” everyday babygirl (:
u did it peace i am worried
Right on! RT : We are all apprentices in a craft where no one ever becomes a master. Ernest Hemingway
Quite appreciative of checking the new site and applauding it :) Thanks.
really enjoyed playing upstairs on Saturday. hope to see you soon
when people you dislike appear on your TL<<<<
I wish Sweden had a Half.com
RT : Follow sports editor for live tweets from day two of the CAA Men's Basketball Tournament in Richmond, Va.
it'll ply let my rt once
RT MT sharon cornu, 's deputy mayor, has resigned. #oo in statement, mayor says: "I’m grateful for her contributions."
When I win the lottery Indra!
Thanks for the great company Thanksgiving lunch! I'm thankful for the opportunity to work with such nice peeps.
The CASHER will be releasing 5 LOCKS to win tonight at 4:30 pm.. Stay tuned
my life who was cursed after he was rude to you m :/
There are no freely usable Matt images on Commons or Flickr Commons. So will need one from Matt to fix.
well i would give up my foot i need the internet
just ona those days tootse...just one of those days. ;) miss ya
Traditional Pennsylvania potato candy sold like crazy, so we made more. Looks like little spuds, but made of coconut cream. Ya gotta see.
touche but I believe u can keep commandment if you tweet to different # or highlight aspect to followers
Oh darn, that sucks! I just don't know if I can make it there since I'm going 2 LA & Boston is right after Dragon Con in ATL!
Brzezinski: We should not demonize China, not inject ourselves in East problms but advise, mediate, manipulate like UK in 20th Cent
Never underestimate appropriate perspective.
Indian-spiced pork in Martin Premoli's honor! Japan next.
You're young until you're not, you love until you don't,you try until you can't.
Know your enemy. ;)
Wish I was there. The work of which dreams are made ;)
i love you too
“: Man BIG UPZ to the radio stations playing my songs, the Program Directors thanks!" Now plz tell ur psycho fans to leave us alone
..and Roger Boisjoly, a NASA contractor who repeatedly voiced concerns about space shuttle Challenger before it exploded,died. He was 73.
Got a choir concert tomorrow, can't wait!
OMIGOSH! My heart hasn't raced this much since I got my first boner in class
I wish I was more ambitious 😓
GOP coalescing?
tinychatting with my sixth grade friends
Huge turnover.
John Legend "Tonight" >>>>> <3 This Song
aw yea ?.......what u been workin on
need to make a move before the trade deadline today!!! Get ur ass up Jim Buss!
Grrrr. A friend has extra tickets to beer under glass and, of course, I have to work.
Last episode of lost.... Not going to know what to do with myself
Great day training a new group of future camp counselors for #SummerCamp 2012. We can't wait for this upcoming summer.
alright - who goes home?
Interesting Supreme Court debate on health care -- it sounds like sanity is prevailing so far (ie in favor of ObamaCare)
'Abdu'l-Bahá’s train is in Ohio, heading for Toledo. Only 3.5 hours left until Cleveland.
That and cat herding really are my strong suits.
before, we hope! ;-)
hey!!!!haw r u ? i'm good. can you follow me ? u r my idol forever jasminator i love u jasmine follow me please thk :)
RT : Good luck to my lovely girlfriend for her exam today!!
Good! I'll hit you up soon
Student says WiFi in Copley was a "#gamechanger". See more reactions on our blog
the scripts new song nothing is the shit. and thats all i have to say.
A new year kiss from ? How did this girl get so lucky??!
jelly beans (:
thanks brother let the music ROCK...........
Dance practice after school :-/ dnt want to
Hey folks. Just reminding you to check out our single I.D.entity when you get the chance :) facebook.com/AMFADband
I'm annoyed. You're annoying.
Tip of the day: if you dont want to be where you are then maube you should start traveling
Headed to work on some home improvements in Takoma DC with :) #St.Columba's
Starting a monthly Colorado Circus World E-Newsletter. Email to subscribe or submit pics, events, stories, ect.
In the words of "Florida is a big place for a little guy." Referring to
if you #standwithwalker you stand for the deepest education cuts in our state's history and the worst in the nation last year
Show me a man who is a good loser and I'll show you a man who is playing golf with his boss.-- Jim Murray
The Children's Story by James Clavell
dunno. They were watering with a long hose, so maybe not. Definitely watering by hand earlier
I finally gave away my second #desk. Now, if only a #sewing table would fall out of the sky and info my apartment.
We're offering Velashape for those interested in looking slimmer minus the surgery. Call us to find out more.
"i had to mute my phone from lullz" being a 20 something on client calls at a media agency is really, really hard. Thanks, internet.
Bobby Valentine kinda looks like that wicked tanned lady who go arrested for bringing her kid to the tanning salon.
Sony... Nice.
Good for you! More than I've ever run.
WHEN YOU PRAY AND HEAR GODS VOICE YOU KNOW ITS REAL THANKS GOD
You're a sweetheart [:
My mom just told me to become a prostitute so I can have more money.
you r not giving people ur number!
shit let me have the ones my age ....
Great to see you involved Mike. Proud of you.
RT : on 6:40 am to chat about thousands of riders gearing up in support of Lung Association
Hahaha too funny.
Great, we need all the help we can get!
Talked to my grandma. She's worried about me getting hurt in NYC, the big city. I responded with, "Grandma. You live in Jerusalem."
You can do anything or nothing with a best friend and have the best time of your life!
Lucky David, mine has been shopping for three days said she'll be back when combines over.
"My genius is no more than a girl...if she agrees to play with me with her shirt off we will construct an Ilyiad." Ezra Pound, obviously.
Thanks for your support and mention~ we appreciate your sponsorship of !!
Really? Are you busy on Wed. night?
hey, FUCK YOU feelings!.
i hate that i live so far now :l
~arrives red-faced & panting~ Whew! Good workout. So, does that make up for 10 days of slacking? How about the ice cream? Cookies? #iwish!
Really Trump? You, Palin and the rest of the Birthers need to slapped Moonstruck style!!! Snap out of it!
Looking for link that works. Do you know which shelter or name of town? May be able to help.
However, thinking is taking over my storage capacity for this information.
On my way to the
God gave us power and dominion over everything on Earth, so that means we shouldnt live defeated lives.
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Repurpose your content. Turn a blog post into a video, an audio, etc. It's okay & it reaches different audiences.
tonight w crooked . Gonna be intense as always
How can you be when there can be only one?
Very impressive! Amnesty International is a great human rights organization!
omfg, and she makes it even more awkward than it already is.
because of everything for everyone, i feel like such a bad person.
No! I've liked the Rangers as a back-up team since the 90s when the 'Guins were effectively their farm team lol.
I'm on International Block x).
OMG CREEPY!
BTW, Chicago has now started (again) posting pictures of people arrested for solicitation and patronizing. know why?
Married to a brilliant wonderful man!!
im going to sleep now so hmu at 7:30
Also, had a good convo with Evo Institute 's Jerry Lieberman RE: community organization the right way (i.e., where it does good not harm!)
No, But I Love You Too, More Than You Will Ever Know(: <3 So You Should Follow Me My Amazing Swag Daddy(; Please?(: <3
"He cleared that very low bar for best Romney speech". Why I love
Regulating cultures through food policing - The Hindu
RT : "All I want to do is make the next film." Engaging with the audience is essential for that.
Every time I study literary criticism for too long, I have an existential crisis. My brain begins screaming "Less theory, more practice!"
All-Day Paintball Package for One or Two People at Paintball ...
o yeah, it'd be hilarious! I mean, for me anyways. Wow what a situation! I just might try it...lol
On another one sweep past all them haters like OKC
AUTO RACING: NASCAR event headlines BIR&#39;s 2012 schedule
well said
that's all I am saying. If he's guilty make him pay, but wait for the entire story...
hahahaha RT : Shocking!.. This just in... is skeptical of the PBJ-Latte :)
I don't like the Knicks bt shit lets go Melo do the damn thang
cool. I would prob do this with 6th graders but I think the age diff might be ideal - nice contrast
Welcome to EnchantingViews.com on twitter!
ok. ok. this is gonna be perfect.
#20ThingsAboutMe 16. I don't think before I speak.
Just got asked out on a date by my husband and got super giddy. Feelin like I'm 16 again :)))
pretty! :) Mine is Barbara(:
I have nothing more to give you than my heart. Spanish saying Hearts are not to be had as a gift
ok, you're in! Thank you for playing! :)
Today's Brain Floss: Dogs have 42 teeth while cats have 30 teeth. How many should you have? Reply with your guess! :)
To advocate for the 1%ers, Repubs have to choose between FlipFlop Mitt, FannyMae Newt, HandsOn Herman, & ... oh damn, I forgot.
Italian officials call off underwater search for missing in cruise liner grounding -
I should work on my swing. I heard catcher is the fastest path to the bigs. I've got 9 years left!
what's up ?
The new Broadway cast of EVITA, starring , , and , will record a cast album. Look for the CD in June!
Hi Joe, random question. Did you DM me? I got one from you but believe it to be Twitter spam. Thanks for your help.
": When girls say, "I wish I could find a guy just like you"....Are you fucking kidding me? I am a guy..Just like me. -_-"
Yes, read the books first! It will only make you more excited
Tomorrow's mantra: "Faster, more complex & CRAZIER"
Not only is quiet weather prevailing.. SO ARE THE RED SOX!!!!!
#FromThisDayForward= hon-nin myo in Buddhism. To decide to make a fresh start for the future NOW, not dwelling on the pain of your past.
love you to!! <3
I leave unattended for one day and now I have an iPhone app for the TV and no remotes.
How many sites?
It's not original with me. Our mutual friend Moe Egan was the first I noticed using the term, Doug.
luckily I've never been a huge fan of beer anyway. I'm a margarita & wine type gal.
haha when you "expand" his tweet there are other peoples tweets there
lol I'm trying to!!!!
My Twitter feed is full of scary tornadoes. Stay safe Iowa and Kansas.
"We can either settle for a country where a shrinking number of people do really well while a growing number of Americans barely get by."
Interesting week. Looking for a new job.. Sigh
AWESOME! Lucky guy. Happy Birthday to your Dad!
"Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." -MLK Jr.
The one...the only...Ron Pro-Kooooopez!
#ndpl 'access will always be free to the end user'
“: I'd rather listen to you take a violent dump than hear you talk about your favorite sports team.” you too ?
Noah >>> . I'm straight up watching this game like it's live & avoided spoilers
There&#39;s A Lot Riding on These Wheels: Can Three Cars Aid the Auto Revival?
I should probably go to bed soon. *3 hours later* i should probably go to bed soon. *1 hour later* Crrraaappppp.
i submitted my entry but it redirects to same page, how can i check if it went through?
My heat look good tho.
Big thanks to for supporting my study trip to St. Paul. Wrapping up my second to last day in St. Paul.
you know right :)
The goal was Di Croce's first of the year and Uribe's first assist of the season.
Guess who I found....
I hope everyone was able to pick up their #Philadelphia Daily News in this #snowstorm. The hunt starts at 12:30 p.m.
Andy Gipson...Im def mot team Obama but this guy is whacked!
Great times down here at Sol!! Can't wait for you to join us for a class or two!
Being There
yes, Josh Hamilton.
not sure if im scottsdale material yet but my neighborhood is great, actually close to a body of water
“: Kendrick Perkins going to the locker room to.take a Shit.” Funny
We talked about old times and it made me smile because you didnt forget :)
I was talking about the resturant
aww man in in Orlando! I'm coming to Dallas soon
It's FRIDAY! I'm so ready for the weekend!
Maybe set up an account for him and helped him send his first tweet?
Last full week of school 4 #SENIORS ! So stoked .
At least they didnt say that the "Fat Toad" croaked!
Turning off my phone and getting ready for take off. The flight attendent just saw me twittering lol. On my way home
thank you for spreading the word!
4 am to VU for two weeks
That, sir, is a good idea. Got any connections?
In Chicago ready for my first
Your phone literally vibrated for 15 minutes straight
#nomx3 :) RT : Sorry everyone, I may have to eat all the ribs tonight. They're yummy.
Great Choice Good vs. Evil .
Counting down the hours until my trip to AZ tomorrow!!!!! I've been missin that PHX heat!!
WVRST? RT : Bison sausage & duck fat fries were so tasty in my tummy tonight *rubs belly in manner of Tracy Jordan*
Me and Jordan Benker
I don't blame you for being you, but you can't blame me for hating it.
Follow Me For A ShoutOut
you packed and ready?
Seems like it is being streamed
“: WHOS READY FOR THIS WEEK'S COVER?!?! :)” Spongebob voice: I'm ready,I'm ready
Just what color is the sky in your little world?
Contrary to popular belief, hitting refresh obsessively doesn't make things happen any faster
that's a really good idea though.lol. three more freaking days!!!!!!
If you include musicals that *started* as films, the '39 film The Wizard of Oz turned me on to them (& Judy) when I was 5.
Happy Easter spikeymikey!!!!!!
Too early for these lovey dovey tweets. I wanna see some G ones.
So tired, but can't sleep. How stupid.
Thanks Fellas! We will definitely be representing the SJ music scene!
Now i understand how the strong friendship between Houdini & Conan Dolyle made a turn into public Fued that got personal
Well, of everyone below average, I'm definitely in the top half
I cried when my mom let my SISTER go to LONDON and not ME
Come on ravens!!
Today in Invention History: Don Ku patents wheeled suitcase with collapsible towing handle, 1994. Thank him as you head on #springbreak!
yea I actually coached an Msa team with no talent whatsoever and took em to the finals man.
Dear john :)
Le first.
Good morning! It's Wonderful Wednesday! Follow me
I miss you and will talk soon I need to come see u
Theres new lightning bgs! I did not know that.... x)
Unfortunately true-- RT : There have been more tweets about 1 Joe MVP vote than Atl not getting the right call.
brewers stink
Hurricanes really require a snuggle buddy.
have a great trip!
That's the best kind of reading!
This should be interesting....
Rant ... People who talk on their cell phones for long calls at the poker table SUCK and should lose every hand just for being so damn a ...
Literally the most ignorant thing ive ever heard. "if you've gotta D you shouldnt be aloud to graduate."
I think I drank a little too much during that Sunday Funday.
hey sexy lol
ill text you!
be careful, that's how kidnappers start off with, small talk
lol mine is an ehhh as well
happy to help!
let's link up dm your number!
David isn't on my twitter
I got a pair of RF Grandstand tix, ran $560/ticket. They have cheaper tix, but I thought HR Alley would be nice this year.
these words mean a ton. I do so want to love Him more and more. xxoo
Its not flying, its falling with style.
"how much for this bracelet?" "0 dollars. Actually..a hug."
I expected Illustrator to be Photoshop w/ vectors - but instead it's some kind of architectural blueprint rendering software
Exclusive on NBC 7 at 11pm.. Video captures local skydiver's crash that nearly left him paralyzed, his warning to other thrill seekers.
CONGRATULATIONS to for being the winner of today's book giveaway! DM us your mailing address :)
En route to - super excited to meet faculty, students, and staff!
i know whatchha mean /:
no, thank you for everything! :) its the best mothers day gift I every got mom thanks to you :)
Morgan , Girl We #GonnaGoCrazzzy 👌
can we get married or?
S/O to all of our
im so sorry I just have to say this your surper freaken HOT ;]
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the little cheetah that made me remember what it's like to be utterly smitten in love with what you do. Love u Kasi!
My mentions are not showing up and I am really pissed about it :\
great article. In the US, we are cutting education and increasing its price. How we will ever catch up with them?
sweet!!!!! Is it cold there
they do need alot of prayer. Everything won't be fixed but at least something will move in their hearts and minds. :)
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: It is possible, when all else has failed, for a parent to hand a problem child to the government for care.
found you through Vulture, thank you for the wonderful dolls, made me smile.
Never understood why "you" drafted Boller and Ozzie drafted every other great Raven first-rounder.
Milwaukee County Board of Supervisors on Monday selected Supervisors Marina Dimitrijevic as Chairwoman & Peggy Romo West as 1st Vice-Chair.
look anerexic & like they starve themselves & look like they don't eat unless they have fast metabolism
Spring is Here, Air-conditioning & Refrigeration System Tune ups now available 617-792-3350 Boston
King Taco, Cal Pizza Kitchen, Paddock Area, Expo, Fan Zone Pileup
I wanted that kiss for a long time!! <3
WTF... Vidal Sassoon passed away today... #respect to a pioneer in the hair world
Did you drive past the giant butt watertank in Gaffney?
not bad for going 70 mph along hwy 18!
Does any1 else find that the typical seasonal cold becomes a week-long ordeal in bed with #benlysta?
thanks, did you run too?
It’s not too late to commit to your New Year’s Resolutions, see the apps that will help you lose those extra pounds
#askObama Wants Nasa to stretch its mission. For low orbit cede to private sector
Loved your new letter! The Lord truly speaks through your words!
finally giving into the fact I have absolutely nothing else to do and watching Captain America tonight after watching Thor last night
I totally loved Frisco Jones!
RT : Crowd source suggestions: Event venues in Chicago that are cost-friendly (for an NPO fundraiser) and can hold around 250?
Hope all is well! When are we going to get you down here?! Still waiting. =)
DON'T DO THAT SALT AND ICE! YOU COULD SERIOUSLY BURN YOU HAND! Please don't do it buck.
I want Big Sean and Wiz to come to DC
Just got to commerce casino, about to play some 60-120
Truth! ": If you can afford fast food you can afford a vegan diet. Extra bonus: you'll be with your families 15 years longer."
jeez...everyone look up here! Tonight show is going to be amazing!
Just got home.
Go Bold or Just Fold :
Should of tripped Andre Miller RT : Coulda tripped a ball player
She got da body of a godess! (Chiefin vibin to some tunes)
i roll on doobie brother albums
I know right! to me its like a curse or something like what is going on...smh
that's it, i'm changing my profile icon to stacey's.
I really do think you should do a #AUSTREAM this week!!
Ever the broken one. Eyes to the sky, heart in my hands. Searching, not finding. Marching ever on.
We will be mixing our record this weekend, hope to get you all a song by Christmas time!
same here :/ until Thursday
Las Ideas Son El Arma Esencial En La Lucha De La Humanidad (Ideas Are The Essential Weapon in Humanity’s Struggle)
them war wounded chicks go jump every new chick who enter the club lol ...
I do.. With so much cap room, why don't the #Avs buy a decent Goalie/ Defense? Holding out for new CBA?
Always... Dreaming!
Looking to collab get at me... need mixtape tracks, fuck with me on that too!! RT
HTC beats Nokia in the camera game with the Titan II (review &amp; gallery) - ZDNet (blog)
IM SO EXCITED!!
Tim Duncan, Tony Parker and Manu Ginobili begin the fourth quarter on the bench. They're probably all done for the night.
that's what I don't know since they didn't say anything I don't know if I get the car or not
I said i wasnt ever gone let gim in my truck but fuk it i need some kinda company everybody done left this bitch
It's just Paul Ryan's hope for the future. Don't worry, he daydreams a lot.
Get down to #Belvederes tonight. We're part of a kick ass lineup, headlined by #DeadPrez Gonna be THE party of the holiday weekend in
why is finding a cheap 10 degree shaft so complicated
This is by FAR the worst day at work! :(
Love the writing challenge!
this weekend I had a HOA marathon to get me ready for season 2 on Monday, will joy be in this season more?
thanks girl! Have a great weekend!
remember the cake from my last tweet??
oh fun:p
RIP RYAN DUNN u will be missed!!
So I like how its freezing like 3 weeks after it was 80 degrees wtf?
Working at Wix Lounge with Pando interns, post Chipotle burritos. Thinking about the possibility of corporate sponsorships!
Cleaning out my book bag/folders/shelving my textbooks at the end of the semester is always a strange (but nice) experience.
lol u shud see the boys in my class they're handwritin sux!
This weekend is a reminder of Christ's death and resurrection. Lets celebrate and give thanks to Him!! (like we should everyday)
nope he's just cute!
Really a fucking ticket nothing better to do? And on top of that where the fuck are my Marilyn Monroe plugs? I order them shits 3 weeks ago
also how can i link your show to my site, as well I'm looking for a web designer/administrator, your site guy did a great job
How is it that Brown gets called for diving there? Smith took a lumberjack swing at his backside? What's the guy supposed to do?
Throw that shit back
you went to that? Lol
The military was doing prostitutes as well, which someone should have figure out when they were charged 200 million for a hand job
What is there to play about...life happens only once, so just live it.
can you follow me please?
I enjoy that you just used the term "bakery associate"
why you grounded from facebook??(:
I guess since hes asleep, ill go to sleep(: goodnigggghttttt!< 3
yeah. Cave B. thanks for the dish Sean!
I vote 3... Yes, 3 :) cheers guys I'll touch bases when I arrive
noticing fans?
Now I appreciate so many things that I didn't pay attention to as a child.
It's embarrassing to watch this UCONN team with this much talent show nothing each and every game!
From an email received this morning: "You are the most awesome librarian I have ever worked with! Thanks a bunch! Have a wonderful day!!!"
fat beats brotha. Sky Monkey Business. Thanks for the follow.
I love cooking for
Not spam: I should've added a personal note. We're trying out Klout, which interprets your online influence.
They call me building climber round here haha .
Half of my heart isn't deployed. My whole heart is in Afghanistan.
seriously. It's not safe out here with the Lakers.
Absolutely! Can't wait to check it out. RT : Thanks for the shout out!
-dude on the train tonight was rocking Marlins WS cap; another w/ brilliant throwback San Jose Sharks cap. Looks great; au courant.
So now I know how crazy is too crazy for Arizonans: Rick Santorum.
": Balance your dream and your job until your dream becomes your job!"
what a long day, hope you all have an awesome night!! <3
Why can't friday come any sooner !? I just wanna see the show and then go home..
Or work, or school. RT its an unspoken rule that youre not supposed to go to the gym when its raining...right?
thanks angel!
Great conference tweets on Native American & indigenous issues MT : #iaas12 is very diverse this year w/wide range of topics
Dear ladies: if you're tired of guys staring at your boobs, just turn around. We like asses too.
Seriously?? Turgeon ejected?? Ugh come on Terps are you serious??
I'm a senior next year.:D
Laughing pretty hard at Chris Waitt's doc, A Complete History Of My Sexual Failures. It premiered in 08, check it out.
It was so encouraging to get a handmade and handwritten note in the middle of tech! Thanks again for your support!
friggin sweet man! You ready to see Dark Shadows??
#GoTribe Go tribe!!
Today I'm calling the Michelin man, as he's on a roll creating great stuff for [PROJECT-X] today.
Yes ill be able to catch Cs game...well seocnd half tonight :)
God I hate the NFL. Its freakin' APRIL and half of Sportscenter is about the damn draft.
for you...anything :)
Looking for some good new music. Any suggestions?
pitch practice time first up chills again?
Hey Pittsburgh: We're filling up fast with Prom appointments. Book yours now before it's too late. Come get gorgeous!
you're
#RARS lets go
How about we start honoring all of the other ancient and culturally irrelevant laws that are found in the Bible??
#20ThingsAboutMe I like being known as the funny girl, but I want just about everyone to know that I know how to be serious.
RT Judging by the excerpts, Romney plans to keep it simple, even a bit humdrum, at his Liberty U commencement address tomorrow.
they don't need to
ME TO
Listen to all day ! $wag :)
Do you have questions about our artists or what we do? Feel free to ask!
Interested in setting up G+ Hangout for #SMC leaders on 5/22? Best practices, brainstorming?
Cebu Philippines, The Residences Condominium at Marco Polo Cebu Real Estate Philippines ..... Sulit Real Estate - Buy and Sell Real E...
Doing my homework. I got Thelonious Monk's "brilliant corners" and "the unique..."
ah! Im so excited! Me and 2 friends are making and a song!
That's hilarious! And awesome.
Anyone in the media asking for proof of that statement? Or do we just roll with GOP cooked up "solutions" for made up problems?
us short people don't have that problem
I'm down!
Dude...that pizza is really good.
haha i thought i was the only one ;D
Was only impressed w/bynum, the rest were ok, yeah laker fans, only ok...u need more to make a run for a ring, reality check
I suffer from girlnextdooritis where the guy is friends with you and that's it ~Taylor Swift
Happy 6th Birthday !!
The MODS Squad.
what the pot?
Oh, he's a nice guy. Give him a break.
I can't help but think/hope that going after verbals is BB's issue. No secret he's done it. There has to be more to it.
if I give you a piece of paper to hold in front of your face... then I throw a rock at you... Would you STILL think paper beats rock? :P
Stanlee Gatti just bought fabric from me. I wonder what he's doing in Portland.
No matter who you are, no matter what you do, you absolutely, positively do have the power to change. – Bill Phillips
for sure but at least arse and chelsea drew this weekend...
#Rondo is in another world.
No disrespect but, Natalie Jackson is hella fine! Lmao
More haircuts at Be U means a better looking city! So tell a friend
Tip for all you networkers out there, don't try to sell me something with your elevator pitch. Get to know me and let me get to know you!
Starting back up Production of my Film-Series "The Transcendant" Tomorrow night!!! Excited, Nervous and Anxious!!! Should be fun yea!!!
It's 3:30 pm. (Otherwise known as time to go dunk my head in a cappucino).
wonderful & congrats :) you know where to find me ;)
I'm heading home. Pretty tired...
It's not a Monday without a student's parent screaming at you over the phone.
We love the good food of NC - congrats to all
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 40
Sheesh Why Is Yu all The Way From LA ??
Ok Gang! Moo's gonna keep ya company for a bit while I head home. Don't be afraid, she only eats grass and porkbelly sandwiches.
Tan doesn't equal pretty.
RT if you love Paul Higgins.
Congrats of , elected President of Student Government Association at !
Horde's overly entertaining at times. xD The new horde is awesome.
TGIF everybody! It's been a long week. I'm knackered!
The most common predator is mom's boyfriend. I base this on 13 yrs as elem principal.
I need an RSS Reader. Any suggestions?
Mobbin to Cheney with the brother:)
Time for another shot of Kenya for the morning post hockey game hangover. This stuff how so much grape flavor and natural sweetness :)
yeah & now i broke her feelings .!!! what a horrible daughter i am i just whant to die -_- ...
Cool I may send ya a follow request :-). Have a killa night!
I gotchs homie, I will check out some of your beats...
/ I MISSED that and the opening I was in hospital. Congrats to the winners 💓
Twisted Sister or Alice Cooper? Go
I went to sleep and the Magic was leading 52-25 when I woke up they had lost ...WTF!
Yes & now many R saying Santorum should stay in because they want the primary 2 go on 4 a long time (Palin).
The brand new record,"Where I Am...Where I Want To Be" came out today!! Pick it up on iTunes or Amazon.com for only $4.95!!!
Our security line is slowed because this child fell out because she doesn't want to put her bag on the belt. Help me Lord!!!
30mins of video is gonna take 2 hours of render, damn final cut
": #Grammys: #Drake looks amazing in his tux"
Thank you Maryam!!! :)
Practicing new and bizarre card games with
I waa having a nice day untill you showed up.
ah -- fair enough. i don't have any worthwhile information or advice to share. surprise, surprise haha
Just to clarify....they need to start the self-paced course before they get together live the first time, right?
Things I learn: the bar at Redwood Bar has a direct line to the LA Times news desk.
MT “: This city is blessed to have Danny Harris as a resident. cc: ” bummed to miss Ignite tonight
This is why we t have rice things!
Okaii um imma go to bed now ... Maybe ... Probably not lol well c :)
they've already played it on y100 so this isn't exactly a 'world premiere' but i'll still listen. ;-)
Sure wish I could visit. *sigh*
The opportunity in mobile is massive. Quicker to add new functionality; it bridges the digital divide.
Someone remind that jackass Donald Trump that he was born rich and managed to bankrupt a fricken casino. Twice.
French vanilla candle! Yes :)
Haha I may not be a Redskins fan but I am happy for y'all. Quality quality quarterback you guys are getting
Many of us think more about not being out maneuvered by a coworker then our own sinful and idolatrous hearts.
RT : After coaching LeBron James and Kobe Bryant, one thing is certain: Mike Brown is going to write a great book someday.
When you’re in your nineties and looking back, it’s not going to be how many awards you’ve won. It’s really what did you stand for. Did...
Morning Rockstars! > You're happiest while you're making the greatest contribution. - Robert F. Kennedy
Thrilled to get first shipment of playdough and bubbles from our amazon.com wish list. Thank you wonderful donors!
Ah cool. I can imagine your character would be a fun one to write.
sorry to hear that :( remember you are amazing and that person is an idiot. things will get better, stay strong!
Killin' time...waitin' to play some music...
Thanks for your prayers!! It went great!!!
Hawks scored more points!
please follow - you won't regret it
Interviewing some amazing women for our #adayformetahouse video today. We can't wait to share their stories with you in May!
sounds great Eric! I'll try to make it up there for sure!
Why am I awake right now ?
ttp://www.businessinsider.com Hey Tryavon, you want to act like a bad-ass, take what comes with it. You're dead now, huh?, motherfucker!
miss u all so much! I'm saving a bike for u in Weho, Melissa!
I give so people in need know they are not alone.
ready set go! See you tonight kiddo!
We did a pop up library at a hackathon in Chicago a few weeks ago.
dink or drink?
what up lil brother
Tweeting til this sleep catch up and defeat me
ttp://t.co/e6NzHW5G Haha, but so trueRT : "Let your researcher out to play with others" and other words of advice from...
text me?(:
Dear Chicago Art Gallery who twitter-blocked me, not gonna buy any of ur art anyway so I guess it doesn't matter no how.
Lol I know, it was an emergency cause her dad is sick so she had to go.
that chik revealed that she envied KK which in itself is very SAD but whatz sadder is the energy she devoted to hateration!
Dazed and confused never gets old
When my dad tries singing drake...
Thanks! I appreciate the kind words.
Ah! also freaking out about this #Neutrality business. When will we decide we can't let the Market take care of this?
hi I know your son is dealing w/ autism how did you deal w/people who didnt understand or dont?
Hah, I went with the Yeah Yeah Yeahs :-)
Hehe got to charge my phone (:
Where is it that you have discovered some of your best friends?
man im late af ...
you got it. We are stocked on beef and open til 5pm, perfect.
i will be hearing mass later in the evening..
R.C. is proud to have Cincy By The Slice as a valued new client. More to come! Big news coming from R.C. in late December/early January...
I ride dirty, tryna get filthy!
Reading Cameron Stauth's "The Franchise" and chuckled at a cameo appearance by "Portland columnist David Kahn."
MPL's website recently went Drupal - I only work a small piece of it, but once the set-up is done, it is fairly easy
Anyone else sick and tired of being sick and tired of everything?? What is your solution to the ridiculous everyday norm?
shit filling out this paperwork for disability
Sadly many think freedom comes physically in reality the mind is what is imprisoned! Find something to be thankful for! Happy Wednesday!
lawlz i give up. ive been trying forever to get madison to follow / tweet me. he never will.” amen to this
Why, oh why, is there a "very long wait" for a DVD of Cabaret, America? Really?
Magazine 'issue' of the day: A cover with embroidered boots can't compete with a cover of celebrities or current events.
how? Did yoou see me wheen I came from lunchh?
I'm headed to my studio at 2233 Park Ave., Orange Park, Florida. If you are in the area stop by and say hi. I look forward to meeting you!!
Good bye Spirit Lake! Heading back to Georgia.
Group run tonight! Meet at Leif/Thurman gate at 6:00.
.....and the longest week ever continues. ready to dominate final 2 out of 4 though.
It was toasty this morning. Summer running is here!
Help spread the #mmj LOVE with tokedtees...... We do custom designs just ask!
hahaha they're all so cute. Allison is my personal favorite.
Haha me too, always have the iPad in the bathroom with Pandora playing
I hate when people retweet simple things like when someone says goodmorning
When are you leaving?<AB
I know some of the best programmers in the world, I wanna get them to give Egypt an unhackable online based election process....
Hi! informed me that you oversee the #xsquad models and that we should chat soon.
How am I not myself?
#imagine Harry pulls you close to his body and kisses you.
Damn I blinked and the fight was over! Lol
I think it's safe to say that linsanity only lasted a week lol lol!!
suppressors How to make a silencer for an airsoft gun?
Still looking for Actors and Actress in the DC/Maryland/Virginia area for my short film...if you know anyone who is interested hit me up
Hm, hey guys!
SHUT...the front door -_-
Anything with bacon is bound to be a winner! Wish I had a reason to be in that neck of the woods ... :)
We offer free shipping
Having resolved that my old 100 pound television won't be joining me in NYC, I am convinced it knows and is watching me wretchedly
ennuendo? An Italian enema?
Oh good. Someone to blame lolRT : I didn't just jinx something, did I?
You too! Black sheep before kids are outta school June 13?!
Nice! What will you draw?
Guys that are hoes turn me the fuck off...ew
The why isn't important lol. But as to the how, the "focused" tweet about u grinding. It's true. Made me think of a piece to write
just downloaded it. Does it really tell you where it's specifically located instead of just an address?
I dunno. It's late here in Mphs TN. Thought u were a chick. Please disregard. I'm buzzed. Gnite :)
Ok allergies stop making me look like I've been crying all night. Love Spring - hate allergies.
Oh agreed. Plenty of LDS folks do NOT use their faith as an oppressive tool. Exceptions abound.
Missing my Southern Comfort living ATOWN! Free Paris Ross shout out Playa Made, CME, DJ Blu 400 Block, College Park
Keep me posted on Coach B and CofC! Btw.. Tupelo Honey yet?
what's up with your website?
packers and badgers both play tonight ... really excited to c russell wilson start at qb for bucky!
its not his serious job, I think he is in highschool.. And I dont even talk to him, I just see him a lot, haha:)
I will be participating in Santacon, downtown PDX. Catch me if you can.......
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 42
Looking forward to seeing you, Beth!! So glad you're returning to Philly!! We shall welcome you like crazy!!
You don't count...you have 700+ :)
you're too kind :) thank YOU for your support. We're never giving up until we have Lauren.
It's about time for another Rant Shop contest/giveaway. What shall it be?
If there was an Olympic event for water bottle filling, you are looking at the gold medalist.
Lol or not
Thank you, and *absolutely* let's talk again! Thanks for reaching out today! Happy writing!
Longest 24 hours of my life :p good to be home! :)
We'd probably make a video for Superhero or Fool For You!
Bulls showed 2nite they r a complete team. Bench Mob 56 miabench 15
EVERYONE TREND
I seriously don't know. maybe it wasn't heroin. it might have been cocaine. but either way right
With less than 15 mins remaining the score is still tied at zero. Great defense has been played by both teams
lucky... I'm not going either !
my phone was stolen.... no way to contact anyone. dm me your # please.....
it's okay. Everyone likes my faces
You act like im invisible to you.
I'm mad at I wanted to go to the movies 2morrow to c act lik a lady think lik a man n she talkin bout she has a date
RT if you love and will support him for ever and ever and ever x♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Reviews by and for parents/families who have children with #specialneeds and those living w/SN - ONLY at www.knowledgesafari.com!
Remember when Jorts gave Sullinger that Spaulding tattoo? That was awesome.
Just got thru a rough patch but feeling better, thanks. Research is slow going but have time now to forge ahead ;)
YOU CANT DO THIS TO ME!!<3
It's a little cranky out there in the wet, kids!
I feel greater to be the Creator
We are too! RT “: I'm pumped for . and . tomorrow night at .”
Shame the blame game.
Stories like this, the "racist rock", even Tom Hanks video...have all the adults left the planet?": If we can't distinguish
I like the rain today. Hope it rains tomorrow too.
so jelly, ok gurl! I was speaking of the annual meeting actually, are you going?
hi tweeter!
OMG. I miss that.
I loved your poem in the
Gimme a girl to look up at the stars with me and then I will be happy.
ha nice. Should be called the all American
I thought true grit was pretty good at that
nothing I will back to home after 7 days now in egypt its 6:45pm ! Egypt is a nice country I love it ! So do u finish u exams ?
this girl.
Even tho we lost, I had a great night.(:
i'm so screwed. so screwed.
The zip commercial on pandora has came on so many times, I memorized it!
11 - 0 in hardcore sabotage? I dont hate it
hi! I'm repping up in PDX now. Wouldn't be friends of if we didn't meet up for some In?
Oh so I guess the grammys are on
Handy-down, cannon-bomb, stumb, stunder, Uncle Loe, Uncle Leff... kids say the darndest things.
"It's a hootenany in the USA!!!"
hi terri and friends, hope your day went well
“: I got money, hoes, money and hoes”
": Niall is/was at waxy o'connells watching the leinster rugby game!"
Too bad this isn't going to get done until Lame Duck by which time tens of thousands will have been laid off.
2 old men tonight asked me if I played golf cause I looked familiar..but I had no idea who their granddaughters were lol
Booked nomiya restaurant on top of the Palais de Tokyo in Paris for dinner...on the fence for Jules Verne in the Eiffel tower.
Fat, drunk & happy Hilton-style in my pool cabana with cocktails, fruit + cheese plates AND a flat screen TV. Is this real life?
Going to the Grand Rapids Art Museum, UICA, and Kendall College Art galleries tomorrow!
6 days ago me and hilton lapier visit netcong, nj. It was fidelity and zeal..
I cannot believe the Police said this isn't a big deal .. When it is . My life could be at risk ..
“: "Three day weekend" Sunday is the only Sunday I'll ever like.”
How about them cats and mkg is the man
Today was a good ass day
do we hae practice today??
Kinsler deciding not to run on Markakis...smart choice
Gen. Washington informs the Massachusetts Legislature the army will need 10,000 cords of wood the first and 200 tons of hay for the winter.
Thank you for the #FF love , , , and
you wanted to be a background dancer huh ?
I love sitting outside at night to look at the stars and the moon
because it has you and Alex involved(; haha(: what would you do if he read all this.?
Woohoo! Thanks for the follow back!
Never leave signs of pets when your house is on the market.
There are so many birds inside walmart...yet theres no bird crap?? these are the things to ponder
Yea… i'm a big 'online brand' enthusiast. These are all great topics. Do you see certain ideas/topics being overlooked?
Lovely cup of Joe this a.m. You are tweetastic! xx
Storming like crazy in Atlanta!
it's old. And not quite as cute.
Hey - I'm loving , brilliant experiment! Have you ever seen any of 's stuff on metacurrencies?
new graphic up on my myspace. feel free to show some love
dam i wanna be like Heff where are all the nice sexy ladies at? get at me. ;) in the words of pit bull ill make sure ur peach fees peachy ;)
Both coyote goals tonight were cheap ones.
thank god he doesn't have a twitter right haha & i know this is so much easier said than done but get over him. you deserve it
Shopping spree to get longer skirts and bike shorts for the She Cub because her legs are crazy growing.
If hunger is not the problem, then eating is not the solution
Gonna be at the six figure business school bright and early in tha AM. Can't wait to learn multiple streams of income!!!
Breakfast compliments of and a Kindle Fire. Thanks and I have the best kids and hubby!!
Culberson did get his 1st hit yesterday in Arizona in front of his family which was way cool.
The first step in changing your culture is defining the new one with incredible clarity.
I Love You So Much Ms.Janet!!
that's a better image.
Thank you Angela for the tweet about our event tomorrow night!
not sure I tried calling her .. Maybe ritz?
“ Right! She got balls tonight RT Cynthia bold tonight I see.”/Lets see how far her balls take her. Marlo coming.
people do not understand how much i hate the cta! 😡 i hate it but i love my school.
Sweet, looks awesome Kevin! Think there's place for a icon on or on your personal site? :)
That makes me gag. Howevs, I still curse you and your skinniness.
While I wouldn't call it full confirmation of 's #bbp, it def was more evidence than you've shown as of late.
Envy is a murdering spirit that exists mostly between brothers with the same dream (I.e. Cain & Abel). AVOID IT!
well, i generally agree with portnow's paen to music ed. but doesn't excuse the fact that he's a slimey corporate lobbyist
Can I put my head in between your tits and fall asleep tonight?
will do!
it's okk
Happy saturday! let the recording begin. CD makin' time
i () absolutely love chiptole. def. my fav place to eat on the road.
Pls follow back
text me need to talk to u guys
"the safeway select Justin Timberlake" dude's rap bio just made him instantly endearing
lol right? it just made me so sad for her. i can't imagine how you can grow up in the 21st century and end up like that
$5 glasses of wine & $7.99 all-you-can-eat pasta tonight. Don't miss out!
--> I can imagine o_O
Thanks Kyle! :)
whats your favorite thing to do besides dance and basketball ? And follow me ? <3336
Last day on this planet as a 28 year old...gonna be a good one!
Of course not. It's mid May. So it's the second game. RT : first game with the roof open?
Goaallll!:) #ilovethepens I think that was Martins first goal this season...? Not sure:)
the snow<----wear your galoshes & bundle up!
To believe what has not occurred in history will not occur at all, is to argue disbelief in the dignity of man. -Mahatma Gandhi
Thanks so much! I'm definitely too selfish. Imagine spending all your moolah on diapers. No, please.
MariAna peed all over me while watching the Oscars
hey(: my mom said tht you your mom and ur sis can come thursday to da party (: ♥
Where is the best place to start for modern Iron Man? Do I need to go all the way back to Civil War?
Oops. I forgot to wear green. O_o
Going for a workout and meeting up with some friends...Mr. Samuel it was nice seeing you and enjoying a great evening! See ya again soon!
All along the watchtower. They'll be singing the song forever.
Gear check complete for #drydensocial. I got 7 hours of 5 second timelapse images on one card. Likely picking up a 2nd.
#edshow GSA plans party with SECRET SERVICE "service" for first GAY PRESIDENT ( exotic menu)
The Cobb Wrap - delicious! RT : Better late than never! What did you have today, Adam?
Why should you beg people or even advertise in order for them to follow you?? #imjustsaying :-) #Insecure? #GainConfidence?? Lol
it never fails
How's your Isagenix coming Megan?
Walkin through some sketchy ass woods catchin frogs.
entertain me!
Young & Reckless. I'm bout that life.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
It's rainy, windy & cool. Step Ahead clients stay dry. Not only is the car steps away from the door. ..so is the driver with an umbrella!
I'm getting good at saying goodbye.
#3 on IMDb's comparable titles list for All God's Creatures? Gone With the Wind. This of course means AGC is also a timeless classic. Word.
Happy 6th Birthday !
go to their page. In the upper right hand corner click on the gray icon. It'll give u option to block
going to the game tomorrow??
Ate 20% more wings but they were 15% off with my Jacket Backers discount. Graceland.
thanks for standing up for animals, Rose.
Happy B-Day & V-Day, ! Totally going to Target to get your CD!!! Love you and your music! :D
I'm announcing my intent to have a twitter marriage. Any ladies want a (soon to be twice) published author as a sugar daddy?
going to bed. not tired though :/
Me: "I know you're lying." Boy: "I swear on my Mustang I didn't prank call you today."
I think I have work in the morning. I don't remember though Hm
that cheating sonofabitch. I got the same email!
When I'm 16 I'm getting my tongue pierced!
Okay!! And I've had my eye on this for awhile 4 u so hush ;-)
toe cramp!!
These dudes steady flockin !
is extremely wise with the tweets today.
Goin to bed I had a busy day today and going to have a busy day tomorrow then school Monday school school how we love school not love u all
Tired, so so tired x.x
Extras!! We need you for a shooting this Sunday. Please contact Liana Afuni at: , ASAP!
Nothin major though.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see. ~Mark Twain
; for one more chance to hold you close <3
[end rant]
Setting up for this banquet...
Thanks for the RT Laurie! Hope you liked the blog post on
Thanks for the following! Merry Christmas!
Got my hopes up
Too much to lose, so I won't leave.
I get to follow the Oil and Gas Industry
Happiness is being happy.
weed head / nympho
Can someone just make a TV show about life as an #Occupy protestor? K thx
are there any tour dates or exhibits planned for Los Angeles in the near future? I'd love to stand face to face with secrets.
Gotta hate this feeling
Only a couple hours left for the #HereWePurple deals. Finds them all in one spot with the Qponomics app for your smartphone. Free download!
The silhouette of a rabbit on the toast is pretty cool, too.
insurance provider $15,000 in medical expenses? That's the NYS cap. The real medical $$ total is closer to $35K. Bk in court next Tuesday.
how will we know them when we see them ?
Thank you for including me too.
looking forward to this!
I learned early on the importance of separating my self-worth with my work & creative ideas. Thrive in a critical environ't.
We moms have similar sentiments. Love your post. And the closing quote gave me chills!
YEAH...TODAY WAS SPRING CLEAN DAY :(
great game tonight! you should video chat with your tweeps on #spreecast. dm me for more details.
I think fleshing that out on your home page would help frame understanding of its value a lot
The only pop albums I've gotten into this year are Electra Heart and Trespassing. And Born To Die, if you consider that to be pop.
Bitches love Ryan Gosling but lets face it he's
Groupon and the like are normally cheaper than turning up on the day. for example is awesome
Huff just needs to strap the rally thong back on. It's so obvious!
I was just thinking that!
Yeah, funny story...it was & idea, but they forgot. Appears WE won out :)
Food Fact of the Day: April 27, 1995 On 'Seinfeld' Kramer began sculpting with pasta.
RT : "thanks Partner #1stClassBand in the Building #Palace on Plume : good luck today I know u will
you're welcome.
....... you obviously are doing crack right now...
Shouts out to the females who wear more make up then clothes. You made ya daddy proud.
Moyer should be happy he has a job and work on trying to keep it.
My little sis made a twitter! I can only imagine what she'll tweet about! Follow her b/c I said so
follow me me me me me me me me me me me me!
: O ok dats wats up how old is he? Step in2 my office real quick...
Turns out our Facebook page requires you to ask for an invite. Please do so, and I will add you. Thanks!
Modesto is crackin right now, Latin Fest!!!
Where do you stand on being "Facebook Official"? Is it a relationship if it doesn't exist on Facebook? Thoughts...
How's Newt doing today? Heard he launched his 2016 campaign. Is that true?
thanks for the follow bro. #golow tomorrow
Scanner pics are the new upskirt
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to keeping up with you and hearing about your journey. We're a racing family too.
How do we balance that w/ sincere creation? RT The Rethink Music morning theme? Embrace ubiquity.
hahaha! i saw it on profile! it looks really good! :D
Hey there, great to connect! I enjoyed meeting Scott, you two were cracking me up with the Auburn/Bama chat!
#teamallnighter is still up at 10:50 AM EST
Just a humble Rhode Islander abroad. In Boston.
Oh definitely. I saw the 154-minute one at the Wisconsin Film Fest, and the first thing I thought when it was over was "That's it?"
Red soxs player Will Middlebrook is getting married to a former cowboys cheerleader. They've known each other since they were 12 (':
think I'll be otherwise occupied then or I would've considered it
Fascinating updates from about role of local library when press descends on a small town.
You know it.
if I ever get married instead of walking down the isle, I'm gonna big step down it lol.
has done a lot of their music for their commercials...
This game is giving me an ulcer.
The Honors Newsletter team is looking for contributing writers! E-mail for more info!
You're so wise. You're like a miniature Buddha, covered in hair. I'm sure is more your style
are you ok?? What happened??
This is out of control!
Katie and Chadd bought a house today!! Congrats!!
Guys are so lucky. Be a girl for a day fuckers.
yep and then somelol
care to lax?
Flying int'l and I got a whole damn row to myself!!! Sweet! This never happens.
lately i've been slacking off on my homework.. im kinda disappointed
Here's to the American Man
Can't sleep 😔
I feel like dumb people have so many more witticisms memorized than I do. Respect.
Trainer/kill-buyer combinations are not unusual at smaller racetracks!~Jo Anne Normile, CANTER founder
I'm not doing this anymore.
"I thought your last name was Astonish!" LOL
be safe.
kinda wants to go past the govt center, out of morbid curiosity.
i can honestly say im lovin my life rite now...i do what i want...OAN; new music comin soon...
Don't you think that FB has the same issues as Pinterest, though? People post all kinds of photos & share them there.
Did anyone catch our President Victoria Schmitt in the RBJ?
Apple, Google, Amazon and Facebook - These described by OpenCape CEO as The Four Riders of the Apocalypse
Thanks to for finally letting me come check out ! Hope the filming went well.
If you RT teen quote accounts i'm unfollowing you.
www.youtube.com SEARCH KARISSA LYNN. It would really mean a lot. Thank you if you have already!
Your face Pau Gasol is what happens when you get beat up continuously as a child.
Turning onto I-70 W at Washington, PA. Snow still coming down. Road wet but not slick. Taking our time. 3ppl awake w/ driver.
wadup bro, just hittin up parties, what about you?
In Music Meeting A Place to Bury Strangers “Keep Slipping Away” Still the echoes of The Jesus & Mary Chain, I like this band Do U?
Off and running for the weekend? Who has a race this weekend?
lmao trynna put his name on it ...
Pancakes for breakfast and #TinaTurner on my iPhone - good morning, kids!
I wish this guy would stop leaning on me
Music feeds the soul , so fill up on the music
Trying to find a good movie to watch with my little sister from Big Brothers Big Sisters. Is the Karate Kid worth seeing?
#NFLrookie advice: Just like any celebrity, athletes have a popularity cycle. Start now thinking about the kind of legend you hope to become
You should introduce yourself.
West couldn't even get the smear right. It is supposed to be 80 members of #dsa. And that is not true either.
Someone play me on words with friends or something... Oh my gosh I'm bored.
Offensive foul? What
It's sad days when that happens haha
Old meaning of sorry. “I won’t do it again.” New meaning of sorry. “Damn I got caught, next time I need to be more careful.”
Dear Mikah Sykes, Really sorry about your dinner. I'd love to hear more about your experience and what you did not like.
No patdown today and I'm even wearing my David Beckhams
disagree. No team has heart like my team
is giving away a brand new XPS 13 laptop tonight & again tomorrow! Stop by booth #1503 to enter to win!
I'm glad that Hollie stayed but why did it have to be ?!?!?!? :( :(
You iz Kind, You iz Smart, You iz important!!!
Mad Men!
yep, we kinda rock the house =)
The firemountain catalog is the one I just got - it's like a thousand pages of temptation :-)
When Mahomies tell me 'I hope you get a chance to meet Austin oneday' gives me hope that I WILL meet him oneday.. <33
FIT2GO MENU OF THE WEEK – What’s for lunch? This week you can have our lime chicken, steak with bell peppers, and turkey curry salad....
To know what people really think, pay regard to what they do, rather than what they say. ~ Descartes
Of all spots in the library I have to sit next to the chick who chews with her mouth open.
Who wants to play draw something!?
Haha hm it's a presentation and i hate those, i always like freeze up... oh btw, are you at the jack marshall ball in sept?
couldn't agree more
mama asked about you this am ! thank u for tellin us u made it safely :-P
The great original. A true legend. He took the banjo to new heights
agreed, and not especially easy to distinguish.
Hey ! I haven't screwed up anything yet! Woo hoo!
Weeks can't snag the liner, and Hart was guarding the line, so Stubbs scores from first on what should've been a single.
Wish we had a picture of that tagged Porsche. Just sayin...
Hahaha! These guys are IDIOTS on #flippedoff. This is a show about everything NOT to do when investing in Real Estate. No joke.
Just got done wit my first final 2 more
Wow, Good morning!
Omigod ROCK THE BELLS!!
wondering if figured out what I did to his phone yet.
Change the wording to "Throw a football at Brett Favre" and see it skyrocket.
YOU GUYS MAKE SNAPBACKS LOOK SO CUTE <3.
By the way, Kings take game 1 over the Blues. LA has got to be the hottest team in the playoffs. Watch out for the dangerous 8 seed!
People are so weird omfg
I LOVE RICE.
#badideajeans without a doubt
yo fool hmu if you want the bread
#MadMen tease a lot of big things up front. Let's see what this week of madness has to offer
Haha yelling my name.
Uh time to work
are and competitors?
Very cute.
Hope you can cross paths at #sxsw, both doing great work w/ community media + questions of representation
not having anything to do<<<<
Msg Rec from OkCupid: "Maybe we could meet for brunch or coffee and feed some ducks at a park." Me: Actually, yes! (OMG, finally)
INDIANA!!! who Needs Tickets?!
Achievement unlocked: 5 days of the sheets staying tucked in at the foot of the bed.
as a Chiefs & Bears fan I have less questions about Mclellin & many more about Poe.
Ug. Just learned Dow SIS is being discontinued. ZIP-R not available yet. Anyone know of other insulated sheathing?
i think the store deb was made for me
man, I'm jealous. No food trucks ever come out to Pikesville. Hey we should add that to the article!
At least you didn't lose your lunch!
you should check your DM's<333 hehe. Just a suggestion :D
Good to see you house! I found an answer to your excellent question: 70K. ;)
Young and Stupid Left Wide Open Hearts Are Wasted Lives Are Broken
got to give #BYU props, they capitalized on mistakes, and played stellar defense when it counted. #UHsb plays now at 3 pm HT today
“: Online advertising and targeting does not equal cheap - it's a valuable tool - not something to throw in the mix"
Oh! I WANNA DANCE WITH SOMEBODY! I WANNA FEEL THE HEAT WITH SOMEBODY! YEAH I WANNA DANCE WITH SOMEBODY! WITH SOMEBODY WHO LOVES ME!
Listening to 's wondervisions and it's starting to feel like spring.
YES. So is
I'm interested in working with you. I'm an engineer based in New York City, working at U should come by...
how do u knew tyler
I don't wanna brag but yes, I have 61 followers. Aiming for 1 more follower then Barack Obama!
there is no such thing as NPR
I have been known to freak out on people at the grocery store who only put 1 or 2 items in a plastic bag. Biggest pet peeve.
Preserving our past for our future.
Following you back now homie
Nature holds the perfect balance within the natural rhythm of life's cycles and it is this, we must aim to integrate within our own life.
CRAZY good game. Come on #UNCAsheville!
Good Morning fellow tweeters!
hey fancy pants! Nick and I are running the September race in Denver. Have I started training? Nope.
That's awesome! Happy to hear you have no regrets! :)
I prefer Chucks over Jordans, I smoke weed outta papers, I listen to The Kooks, and I'm still G as fuck, fool...
I'm so HIGHKEY jealous of the 2012 classes @ other schools . . Cause all us ehs seniors had a fucked up year . No kinda fun , no nothing
Signs of a Great day
Back in Pittsburgh (again). N got right n my bed.
Get off my stage
Nemo a.k.a Pashaa will be spinning a delicious blend of Trendy Beats and Sexy Grooves with his famous " KEEP THE VIBE ALIVE " Radio Show...
Follow Back?:) ♥
Thanks, I'll pass this along! And if you two ever require an extra reader/listener/nerdfighter/etc, I'm here for ya!
Think I'm going to add a POE injector this time. Hasn't been an issue yet but I can certainly justify it all the same
I'm good....u kno jcp laid me off? Smh bitches
Fresh fitted tonight
Check us out at www.watchnhllive.com for all the NHL games live online just register and enjoy the games!!!
Hope everyone's enjoying the last day of "winter"! :D
Sick today :-(
this is what I get for hooking up mailchimp to my twitter acct. yes, craftsman - Tom Colicchio asked us to change - honor?
And I honestly cant deal w india being drunk when im sober
My mind is officially blown
Presenting to the Tacoma Angel Network screening committee today
lol I'm from Brooklyn ny
nice to see I'm not alone in the predawn category on a Saturday! :)
Still catching up, but I'm liking it a lot! Super helpful for crossing over to web. Well done
Ron Roy, Rob Paul, Ron Paul. Know the difference!
“: #EveryoneHasThat1Friend who will be your Maid of Honor one day.”
J: Who is the good guy in Beowulf? C: Beowulf. J: I'm going to be bad at teaching Brit Lit, aren't I?
yes it is.. the one of my fav songs *-*
RT : What if deja vu means you actually died, and are returning to your last checkpoint?
Regarding my last post, I for one certainly enjoy them
The only people you need in life are the ones that need you in theirs.
Wet and rusting.
Gatorade is SO HARD to open.
No SPAM!
The sea really is calling.
wrap party for 1 is white wine.
Let the woman respond to what happened back then!!
": As Mercury transits through Taurus, the mind may want to be a "Master Builder" - bringing ideas into form. #astrology"right
OMG I SEEN MYSELF IN THE VIDEO <333 you guys are amazingg<3333
Sweet dreams...
So called me today and told me what to do for auditions. My acting dream is starting to come true 
D'oh. I am devastated to be getting on a three hour flight w/o a pen. I feel naked, and not a confident naked. Pens 4 sale @ thairport suck!
Okay, Chicago, it's TEN degrees warmer there than it is here. I'm impressed.
Do you read local food blogs? If so, what's your favorite?
#20factsaboutme 10) I think my ex might kill me in the future
hell yeah it is.
Thanks Coach. I appreciate you.
Gavin Floyd turned out aight for those Whitesox meanwhile Kyle Kendrick
Trivia n' Beer Date! <3 “: All Crafts and Imports $3 from 8-10. Trivia at 9. Drink beer, win beer.”
we love to see people reusing their JT bags:)
yes sir and they are in postseason form
I think that I shall never see a poem as lovely as a tree.
no it's not. He is precious! You be good to him!
Holy pain..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Realtor: first you folks tell me what you can afford, then we'll have a good laugh and go on from there :D
What I learned today, can burp like a dude and it's hot The more you know...Shooting Star!!!!
and everybody else LOL
"When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world." George Washington Carver
aww I love u too 🐛
WGVU - FM 88.5 just broadcast my recording of "There Never Will Be Another You"! Aloha Allendale MI!!
Seriously! Some snow has its merits (4 -6 wks, tops) - Of course I grew up in Wisconsin so I'm a bit biased as well...
Just a reminder...I can now be seen in the recently released music video for "Marry Me" by top selling band !
are you in Dublin?
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.!!
Ha! Use of "NoPo" leads to drug deals, saggy pants, rap booming from cars, and Decline of St Johns Civilization
gotcha so if you count the 3rd TD for Shipley then it would be Gilbert's 2nd TD pass, correct?
yea but they only sold a few vip 2day and sellin the rest at 10am....ill c u there
There's always next year ;-)
Things I wish somebody reminded me of in grad school: your membership fees go way up when you land a job!
For the first time, I feel like Mr. NotSoSmooth.....
CONGRATS! RT : Officially part of the University of South Carolina Class of 2016
Hey and ! Wish that you could post a list of wwe superstars who are on social networks. There are so many fakers !
Sometimes I play for real points, sometimes I play for style points, either way, I always win lol
I'm not a big fan either. He's a heck of a play and one of the best ever, but he takes lots of bad shots sometimes.
Demi says hi.
Meeting today to find out about our last 2 mnths here in Berwyn. Gotta find new work, and hope that CFD hires sooner then later.
Anyone use hotmail? I still do & have been flooded w/ SPAM the last 2 weeks. WTF? Guess it's time to use gmail full time.
i know :( i better be invited to your grad party, or i will be very mad!!!
never use USB anymore, but patrons might still
Shane, here's your tweet. =D
Thursday spelled backwards always spells c-r-a-z-y.
Why lie?just keep it 100%
Just saw the commercial on for #SW3 #StorageWarsSeason3 in June along with
Please respond to the text I sent u and Chelsea.
Atta boy A-rod
What a great Waukesha food blog! Nice breakdown by location of eateries around Waukesha and good reviews.
Target baby!
takes one to know one 😉
Really?! And you'd give that away free?
And that's who I'm going with!!
btw thanks for rocking the guitar solos in both those great cuts
Have you tried replacing your password with a pass-phrase? word-number-word-number etc. it's harder to hack
Braces thurs, start shooting sat. & sun., Have one audition fri. and maybe anther audition the day i shoot, ugh! I'm feeling tired already
what temp are you going with? Thinking of doing one this weekend.
What? Sheriffs?
Another fun game you should play with your family is called Quelf. Definitely a fun game that will have non-stop laughing :)
It was great to see you too! I really enjoyed seeing
Will there ever be an end to music?
This one really hurts. RT MCA too?! Screw you, universe.
I had a good night.
“Life stands before me like an eternal spring with new and brilliant clothes.” ~ Carl Friedrich Gauss
Already know...But if it makes u feel better...knock yourself out.
[I'll Have Another] wins the 138th running of the Kentucky Derby.
you're missing one hell of a time down here in extended!
ugh why should she he was a cheater shes better off without him
The traffic jams have been no fun, the Central line is halfway done. When all the work is finally through, All aboard the new choo-choo!
...was already there, and that TV has merely demonstrated that not all the performers are well trained. - Edward R. Murrow
Just finish cooking now getting ready for work 3rd shift......
A little dance party while getting ready for my date night with
The #moon is insane tonight. Absolutely beautiful!!!
When your tweet mentions anything related to Kansas City Jazz, use the hashtag
Finally home and will be at the ballpark tonight. Can't wait!
With my brother at the orthodontist, he's getting braces
My favorite holiday.. I get the chance to thank my best friend for everything she's done for me 😊 I love you mom.
Is Greinke wearing his Cerveceros jersey again, today?
How times have changed: As kids we used a rotary phone to talk & 4 TV channels. My 11 yr. son is video chatting with his friends. I love it
when will u come to seatle washington? it makes me sad every time ithink bout how u never com:[
Through every girl and back. Lolol
Like Horse Feathers? RT "Someone try and put the word Feathers in their band name."
I notice there hasn't been any Liz on #GH for a while. Where are my Liz and Ewen scenes?
went to the mall Hung with Fam took the out watched movies also and finishes with the pool lol
cooked for ny baby
YES its still going on ........30 cent beers. Come in and find out what its all about!
It's the same reason that you can't get NFL Sunday Ticket on cable.
Padres tonight, chiro now. Maintenance keeps a tall girl straight. Congrats to my husband whose buyers just closed a great house.
Damn be having me pitching tents like I'm on a camping retreat #YouDaOne - XavierLT.com
but not by anyone any better. Unless you start trading.
Do more of what makes you happy
Enjoy a wonderful day, Ted!! *virtual hugs*
Doesn't matter, still getting 100 mil from the Yankees or Red Sox in a month or so.
Feel better . Come to GA on your next tour so we can give you our gift next time! :)
Marriage is like a phone call in the night: first the ring, and then you wake up.
& I smoke alotta weed to keep them niggas off my mind.
You guys were right. The Avenger's was really good!
not sure what you just said, but I agree with you!
Today, we are at ASTD New Orleans Work Smarter, Not Longer chapter development.
lol always gotta start an argument.. Yea we haven't argued in a while lol
How could I get into one of those #TEAMBACKPACK cyphers?
Despite those 7 glorious hours of sleep Jack gave me last night, I'm still exhausted. How long does one have to sleep to feel 'caught up'?
haha its easy!
I know! It's so good, and it's like dirt cheap if you just get the California rolls!
“: #GhettoTranslations : "you aint bout that life" -- your living standards are not fit for the situation at hand”😭😭😭😭😭😭
A great way to get new clients is to ask the right questions, but give no answers over the phone.
working out after a two month hiatus HURTS! Can't wait to see how tomorrow feels...:(
you make me smile c: i loves you too. Haha
LOVE riding that Indie Music Bus !! RT
I think husbands or significant others turn into newborns when they are ill! Right? Actually-collicky newborns!
I'm late for school cause aine wanna wake up.
I bought them 4 my mom for mothers day and she decided to read a passage I wanted to stab my ears out
Just heard your dad call into WCBM Radio in Baltimore .. he was touting his son .. and rightfully so. Keep up the good work!
Show on Sunday July 31st at Arnetic in Deep Ellum! Be there! Be there! Be there!
