LOL she must be awesome zen.
"Love is something more stern and splendid than mere kindness." -C.S. Lewis
My Bad Bxtch ! I Love You Even Though We BARELY Talk :)
Whoa, suddenly got an influx of likes on instagram. Feel so loved ;)
#amcfearfest .amc and october love i how oh .again halloween watching
Don't wish for less challenges in life. Wish for more wisdom to overcome challenges.
Maybe it turns into a prince once you kiss it or something. It could be an enchanted squirrel!
So bigotry is alive & well in #NorthCarolina <sigh>
I should want better.
you're a great neighbor for accommodating your neighbors. Next time consider Step Ahead Services and let us drive.
congrats on graduating, my man!
Not yet...But thanks for using your parks anyway!! We LOVE your support.
don't listen to me!! I'm just being a punk!!
awe that's sweet. Thanks, enjoy your Sunday
New phone
I DONT OWE YOU NOTHING THAT YOU DONT OWE ME
jelly beans raw of course
Discovering unanticipated upside: Extreme productivity. Is this what Conde Nast was like in the '80s????
Vinny is a G when he runs three guards
#golfclap RT I grabbed andhung onto rim the other day
I swear to office I'm not God drunk.
Maureen I miss you too. I attended a Kitchean party on Youth day for my cousin who will be getting married
I see u clearly ain't taking no bullshit..
Hey Matthew! Could you please follow so I can send you a DM regarding a guitar project you'll be interested in? Thx!
sorry to hear that. :( At least it's over?
Oh, so glad you got to the Cathedral. A great treasure.
tell your dad you want the red camaro:)) we can copy each other;)
OPX must come to the Phoenix Comic-con! Don't beat them; join them.
Chicago Bears now have two pro-bowl kick returners. And zero pro-bowl offensive linemen.
please no more talking about your life. damn asians
Come pick up a jar of Tunisian olives or preserved lemons for 50% off today!
wowww. Did you hear the news?
what the heck's going on at the y in #oakhill?
oh fucking woof!
My Indian partner used my "Weekly Team Powwow" slides, but unknowingly changed it to "Pow Wow." From now, that's our meeting.
let's go CAPS!!!
Because I think "You belong to Me" by Gary Glitter should totally be played at my funeral.. and Tina Turner- Aint nobodys Business!!
Just keeping it real over here. How you livin'?
damn.I missed Black Joe Lewis & the Honeybears at FridayCheers ystrday.great soulful band-check em out.
I hate you! #notfair I am really jealous right now!
Thinkin of some good april fools jokes...
#wewontworkout if your not
last episode ever of desperate housewives.. Gonna miss this show :'(
****Murda***** it's ok tho bud, you learn. #EeeeeeeeeastNewYoooooork RT : My new favorite artist: Uncle Murder.
Starting a pizza joint, doing a little research - what's your idea of the perfect pizza? Or just share your favorite topping combo with me!
Hello, my loves I've been dealing with a few challenging matters. But god is good.
that gave me an endolphin rush.
I need to get these swim trunks and iPhone case, maybe a few shirts oh and some socks
My music flow cracking
What is a man who is handsome, intelligent and sensible, known as?... A rumor! -
Going Home, Eat, Workout, Laundry and Homework....
That's the one I was on
Meatwiches maybe lol RT : I do sandwiches without the bread... is it still a sandwich?
Thanks for contributing!
I bought a 2TB external drive after the Genius Bar visit, and I'm currently running Time Capsule. Not touching it for anything else for now.
Who do u think will win #BestActor? Demián Bichir, George Clooney, Jean Dujardin, Gary Oldman or Brad Pitt?
At the house 2 houses past troll avenue checking out an amazing magickal library in Fremont. Happy solstice to all!
WHY YES SAM I AM
i love the song but the video ugh -_-
that jacket is fresh. Like
Love visiting NYC, but seriously hate the departure traffic. Ready to be on the plane and Indy bound.
I understand sorry i think i just needed me time for a bit.
Me An Her Always Fight, But A Month Or 2 Later.. I Miss Her Ass.. Guess It's Just The Love I Got For Her :P
thanks so much! I like your business model!
Going onstage tonight to perform my 1st (& probably only) standup set ever. Just a little nervous, but proud to be
gotta take my car in today...but i'm glad its my day off
omg SIO show june 9. im so going. nothing is stopping me. ITS AN AWESOME SATURDAY!!
Ready for Dill St. Tonight!
This is genius RT : Start writing your #goals into passwords so you're always reminded of them.
pep rally tmrw. :p go ghs :D
Happy Easter
I'll get on in a few. :) Running two characters on FFXI right now trying to finish my empy weapon! lol
Definitely less fear. But then FOH staff-public face of museum-only participates in cool twitter convos on days off.
Never go to HEB hungry! I blew it!
blowhard? PLEASE! would clean ur clock in a debate! Why not face him like a man instead of HIDING on twitter?
Looking for a contractor you can trust ? We have been serving San Diego county for over 25 years.Interior/Exterior painting drywall and more
I've apparently forgotten how sweaters work. Kitchen sink + sweater = wet sleeve. Derp.
This breeze feel so good blowing 💨through the window!
I don't get why you would drink milk and orange juice when you have a bowl of cereal with milk in it!
haha as usual, watching basketball
also, i like asking: what's the worst that could happen-vs-what's the worst that will happen?
The day is sunny, the coffee strong, the lover withdrawn, and the clown posse hoots Bronx cheers from a distance. Our heroine trudges on.
Good Morning Just wanted to say Hi and "have a nice day" : )
The only thing funnier than Robert's reaction were the collective "WTF?!" reactions that exploded on Twitter.
Second late night... Ah!
i wish i could fall asleep in your arms tonight.
thanks for the shout out
well it still makes people think you're talkig about them and that's not right. They should know.
In the studio recording demos with
- next time you're in #losgatos or the #bayarea, be sure to visit - sure to quench the thirst for great pinot!
the key is to play tough defense down the stretch & should be able to pressure wash them out of their own court.
I'm obsessed with ear cuffs
S/O all our new followers✌
In your company and industry, are you a symbol for anything? Be a Leader and Fascinate.
Ah...do not resist...those three little words have completely changed my life.
Happy to be back open after
that is actually a great description. I love it
I want macdonald . Want go down buy lazy. Want order delivery charge expensive . Fcukk !
I only let my kids interact with people that love them and that's def. Goin be around!
The maple bacon donut from is so simple but so genius. would love it :)
Judging the 2012 #RedCross Youth Talent Show Competition. Good luck to all the performers!
Ah, thanks! I'm taking a graduate seminar on her work in the film program at Texas. It's been a total delight.
As I open a new chapter of career, I am currenlty seeking Representation in the areas of Television and Film! :))
Won't miss Jackson either
You da one I will always dream, care, and love everytime I see u and kisses me
So a new employee just came in my cube & introduced themselves shook my hand & crushed it. It was a female.
I felt confident, radiant, and preternaturally calm.
I hate making eye contact with people at hospitals its like I can see right through their soul feel their pain. :(
Check out my new song, "Sketchy", with guitars by Gawain Mathews, and drums by Kevin Hayes. www.sonicbids.com/rachelmargaret. Enjoy!
she is an everyone mascot
Exploring opportunities with after their wild two week media ride: TODAY Show, NPR, CNN (web + TV), Australian TV.
Sorry & thank-you, I hope changing my password worked!
Yay I can't wait to see the dictator tomorrow! 😂😂😁😝👍
I'm envious, I love Emily.
Finally home after watching Titanic. 15 years later & I still don't get why she throws the necklace in the water at the end...
New Day- Kanye&Jay-Z >>
How do we get more followers on this machine. Help.
Nuts! I flagged it on rss to read past the initial few paragraphs this evening. Glad to see it find a home, though.
Off to youth group! #TGIF :D
I need a vacay soon before I go bonkers!
brown sugar style, what-up??!!
Ugly? Those are fierce.
Starting April 17th, 2012: " A Toast to Motown" -A Celebration of Soul- every Tuesday nite from 5-10pm...w guest DJs and performers....
#BRACEFREE Aww, you look so much different! :D
bummed my morning meeting means i will miss Sterling's finest & on #cashcab this AM, but my DVR is set!
I'm more excited about school than I am for this long ass summer!
wish I was going #workobligations I'd rather see an #Indians game its just 4 hrs to! & I work during the time they play
TY & ditto ! RT Movers & Shakers I admire
Good, I'll see you soon.
This new facebook view is very disorienting.
Thanks for following us :D xoxo
he makes me so happy(:
AMEN. RT Anybody who doesn't like hockey is really really dumb
Gonna have a Mothers Day Feast Here at the House today!
Anyone know when (or if) this year's SXSW panels will be uploaded to their site? I enjoyed listening to many from last year.
Tx for the follow & more! Looking forward to your tweets.
Very. Good book, though.
The mothers day texts are annoying. I'm old school. Call me or send a card.
got it ladies! :)
Jeff, we look forward to your tweets...we are trying to learn as much as we can about the lives of professional marketers.
You never know what you will find in this crazy roller coaster called life
you rock, we love u
I haven't taken Claritin D in a week. Hopefully a big burst of pollen isn't on the horizon.
Got some exclusive pictures and videos coming soon! I'll keep you posted.
SECOND LOCATION! 7321 Six Forks Rd in Raleigh! (Where Fuhgeddaboudit was) We are no longer associated with the Fuhgeddaboudit in Cary
thanks for reading! you've lived in ca, tx and ny?
Can't wait to watch
Indians in a rain delay. ugh
RT : : Important to note, this number of 1 in 88 is actually already OLD data. This study is on kids born in 2000.
I've turned in all my stuff got all good grades on stuff and waiting patiently for my science grade
I wanna be when I grow up
there had been a recall on all Duke apparel due to choke hazard 😝
If the rich could hire other people to die for them, the Poor could make a wonderful living.
Nightmare On Elm Street II is on! Been forever since I've seen this one.
Message to me on Match: "Why is someone as beautiful as you on here?"
hey thanks everything is good now
Sunday Funday! What's on your agenda? I say an order of our famous garlic parm fries and an ice cold brew sound perfect!
we've totally self destructed time for Harry to just go and us to move on. The way we are playing he might not he the eng job
God I hate that.
No. But I Wish I See You Again!!!143
Norway Day 3: colleague tried to teach me to backcountry skate-ski. Fell so violently I snapped his ski in half. Streetcred is painful.
That is rad as hell!
People are tweeting negatively about allstar at the show last night...and i need to know what's going on! I need answers people!
If You Are Still Working With A "gmail, yahoo, msn" mail".....get out of my face with your cliche music bullshit...
Saturday, 4 PM at India & Cedar :D
Ok, I'll go to bed now...
honestly my cinema game has been lacking recently. Win Win was a pretty good one if you're in the mood for a feel-good flick.
good morning sweet Sara I,m so sorry about everything plzzzzz forgive me ..I miss you, have fun today k :)
S/O to the bitches who smoke weed with their kids
UGH THIS STUPID SIGNAL AGAIN!
For now all our clients are in the US but it won't be long until we move beyond domestic universities. Interested in a demo?
whats your party plans for the big 2-1!?
Was a barb wire tattoo on a man a good choice at some point in history?
No more waiting by the phone for your call or text, I guess I just gotta do me.
Rhianna look sexy ass hell with a gun in her hands. Check out Battleship. *Zooted*
thank you soo much!!(: What's up?
Congrats!!! Its a beautiful feeling and a get accomplishment RT : 7 classes before I graduate with my second masters
I'm not sure whether that was a brownie or fudge, but it was delicious
Davey says Morse good chance 6/8 interleague so he can DH only; Werth doc says doing surgery now cut 3 wks off rehab
Disco, 80's,Paychedlic, 90's Dance, Electronica! My kind of music
We produce two street festivals and provide logistics support for others. We also manage Center City Park.
system is broken top to bottom. the university can make room for salary increases by firing worthless employees
I thought we were playing basketball not ballerina . Class? It's the NBA ...we get physical.
Ineed new ppl to talk to the old ones are getting old. Message me n ill see wassup with you n the A.m. night twitter c:
"1 and 2 and-a 3 and 4, come on let me know if you want some more" on a loop.
So happy
NFL Draft tonight, MFF Draft tomorrow.
I've never hooked up with a girl w a tongue ring
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 45
About to screen
On our way back from Cali with my daughter's dead fish in it's bowl. She thinks it's sleeping.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activism because as a high school student she protected the 1st Amendment
Almost ZUMBAAAA time! Ready to shake my ass to the beat!
I just scrolled so far back on Facebook's Timeline... the shit logged me back onto MySpace.
oh we have wolfe. But she's not here for the rest of the year so we got a field trip I don't know why
thanks for the love! See you next week!
I love Lady Gaga and her music, just not the music videos.
Follow , another of our keynote speakers for #NCORE2012!
Thank you for the shout out, Tamara! Saving monies and flipping flashcards for knowledge - you're one smart cookie.
Much happened this weekend, films were prepped, condos viewed, cacti purchased, meetings were held and I forgot to tweet about all of it.
So excited about acting, I cannot sleep!:)
I wanna thank god for blessing me
If Big Content loves Netflix it's because they realize it's not going away, so might as well make $ off it.
To all the critics of the 2011 Orioles, allow me to respond: YOUR MOTHER!
What is everyone doing for the holidays??
www.johnbaptistrecords.com buy my record!
come see Men's booth # 12125!
just to annoy my bf, I call him hubby boo... because they are both equally annoying :)
Finally getting my grill to and 's house. Can't wait to christen it.
haha works for me
Thanks for the Tweet.
In San Fran. Came here from LA. Sorry to my LA friends, but this place is more my kind of town. Wish I could get to but no time
Happy #EarthDay to all!
Dear Ashley, i dont know but you seem cool to talk to. I love your icon♥ we should talk more! I also like your username as well.
Well that would only be God, cause he's the only one who's done that with you family.
#19 favorite song would have to be god gave me you IB:Vinny
YES! Hannah Montana, Camp Rock, and Jesse McCartney. Go you! ;P
Aubrey's not a model. Lisa rejects the notion of being successful purely for looks. For obvious reasons.
RT Every cigarette you smoke cuts 5 minutes off of your life.
Herman Cain's 999 deal sounds more like a pizza commercial than an economic plan.
Mother's Day Brunch with LIVE MUSIC! 410-332-1000 for reservations!
How've you been doing
Dumbest politician in U.S. history endorses dumbest candidate in U.S. history.
The pink is hot on u,,,, think u should come up with a "Fushia" color...U will blow that shit out the water!!!..
oh that was below the belt. You didn't have to go there
awee(: I love you<3 frog 🐸
Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. R. Buckminster Fuller
"This one time? On Facebook.." is the new "This one time? At band camp.."
I find it so bizarre that everyone around me at the ballpark gets dozens of mosquito bites and I NEVER get any.
I miss you.
I was offered an opportunity to audition via web for film in LA, $ does not justify the travel/ expense involved.
Yeap the beautiful panda.
lol I'm sorry but it was amazing
“: can't believe it's Thursday already....”---THANK GOD!!!
Happy New Year 2011
I hate summer.
Best signs at the #phillymarathon - you run better than Sara Palin; the race is longer than Kim K's marriage
EPP is the only publisher to translate Chinese academic works to English providing readers with unique perspectives & 1st-hand information!
Alright who trynna chill and drink?
Best friend means forever, cunt.
We can't either! Let's do this!
Geeked for Wednesday night, more geeked for on Saturday!
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 20.
yeah, sorry, kids were in VIP Suite enjoying cookies & cupcakes, had 2 bolt before sugar high!
anyone know if there's an easy way to make a tag cloud out of tweets with a certain tag in them?
The train im on for the next 35 hours is a double decker. The lady I met an I are on the top. Im excited
thank you! I'm gonna need it -___- lol
Sums it up. RT : > MMR 1. No ads 2. Better design 3. Compete against yourself and friends.
Today one #autistic twin prompted the other to ask Dad 4 help. We’ve waited a long time for today.
Listen to me; be silent, and I will teach you wisdom~Job 33:33
What a night! Dinner at INDIEana Handicraft Exchange and Murphy Center. Tasting at New Day. Late dinner at Bed.
Im ready for bed
Academic monographs need to be short. No one wants to hear more about your example.
#eli2012 Student use DigTech: faculty prefer Google and using found resources as is
im soo confused but its whatever today was a good day
Congrats !!!!!!! You graduate you!!
Chocolate. Spanish wine. Strawberries. Olives. Really good bread. And a gun. Zombies, after all.
my one best friend i trust outta all natti hoes !
I would rather that he be a Fin! ;-)
was it awesome!???
Our Sept. Review Contest Winners are... Lee Ann D., Justine C., Austin, AngelNTX and Karaokesupernova! Thx for the feedback guys! Enjoy!
Chick Fil A breakfast is the shat
ill tweet you! Heyy!
The most difficult thing to sous vide is...
...& at the same time you'd know I don't have a filter nor do I candy coat things. Just my opinion though.
My mentions won't load /:
Stay strong<3 Don't let others get you down! i let that get to me..but there is no way im letting haters get to me! Just Be Yourself!
About 8 pages. I can email it to you now. Thanks bud.
my fav charity is Farm Sanctuary. They speak up for farmed animals who cannot.
Thanks for talkinkg about media relations to our Communication workshop!
Looks like I need to make a trip back soon :)
haha not really going to bed yet!! lol Not tired..
My first tweet :P I was also notified that tweeted me!! :D
That's great. Welcome in advance! RT : I'm about to join and make the switch from PRSSA to PRSA!
yea buddy!!
Draw something??? Send me names
Missing football? It's back for a week in Madison as the NFL Draft begins Thursday (Badgers awaiting NFL shot), UW spring game on Saturday.
and a cappella groups.... officially SO COOL!!!!
12/19-Sunday Get your gifts wrap by our friends from LOVE-A-BULL Rescue from 12-4pm at Lofty Dog. Parking in City Hall free until 5pm.
is justin bieber reading this?
Probably one of the worst practices yet.. #competitiveswimming modern family tonight woo
I'm a conservative but Ann Coulter gets on my nerves,
Riley swear she be tlkn the facial expressions she be mkn lmaoo crazy
Shyaaaat Rolls down hill
Me- "What are your plans while I'm gone this weekend?" Jeff- "Ugh, babe, not right now... Katniss is about to die of dehydration."
where is it at now? I need to get it!!!!
Just ordered 332 lbs of food from for only $100. Thxs - this will feed a lot of hungry people!
Roberto Pitre's band: Live performance. Saturday March 26th. From 9:00 P.M. To 12:00 A.M.
Goodmorning! Today is going to be beautiful :-)
i am gearing up for softball and golf and hopefully to meet u at a CB concert this year
something of that sort Hahahah
How do I used to know Gotye?
yeah you're in my territory baby! Haha west coast is my place.
More recording today! Maybe vocals.
Can't wait to go to work and deal with annoying ass people.
Los dos reactores en Indian Point trabajando sin problemas/Both reactors at Indian Point are operating normally at full power
Just because I complain about my mom, doesn't mean I don't love her. It just means she can be annoying af sometimes. Often. Very often.
Rosenstiel: People are more likely to follow links that are out of their normal habits on Twitter than Facebook.
Tebow could rack up a lot of points and Hass may still start for Tenn. I go with Tebow
Prospero: "...my library was dukedom large enough. Of temporal realities,/ He thinks me now incapable." ~ Shakespeare's The Tempest
About to watch Eddie Izzard for the first time. I know, I know. At least I'm watching him now. Leave me alone. ;-p
hola how you doing ?
Enerchia fact of the day: According to Aztec mythology, #chia came from the nose of the maize god, Cinteotl.
hahaha sorry dude. man*
Headed to Austin for a early AM call time for ABC's "The Lying Game"
Roof being pulled back off Eric McClure 's car before he is taken away, but is talking per
apparently picked the worst way to go home. serously y'all what's up with this traffic?
7 min til I'm late. This isn't looking good lol
So long Canada.
ahaahah i just want to scream
U know what I wish? I wish I had a better way to express my feelings towards u.
TheSyncMag comin back n a big way. R u Indie u should b submit ur music now send album covers/photos
#ireallywant to know God more.
When it comes to being lucky, he's cursed.<3
Decorating my parents car tomorrow! #NeedTheseTickets!
Ground breaking planned next month for Business School's Tata Hall. Tata Hall will house Executive education programs.
it's a small price to pay for all that great LA weather and talent (the female kind)
she not at school and I don't have her number
Oh joy, local TV station is re-running 10pm newscast. Nothing like dated news to start my day.
Thanks for including us in your morning! You guys are always a pleasure!
Guess who has an exclusive interview with the Winner of #FashionStar tomorrow!!
definitely! She's too fine to get messed up by that (wo)man. “: Dear ronda rousey RUN AWAY #Strikeforce”
Thanks for the motivation. We hope that it will work as planned. I think the funding is going to be the key factor - follow us to...
No online poker anymore. All of us fat guys got off our asses!
you? are full of shit :D
RT : I'm just trying to change the world, one sequin at a time. Lady Gaga
RT : "Facebook Places missed the boat, they don't reward check ins like Foursquare" - #C21GC (Very true!)
is unbelievable! Any time of the day anywhere...they take care of my dog when I can't!
delete away!!
To teach is to learn.
Debating on ordering this pizza or not...
Dynamic Heating and Cooling!!! We guarantee an excellent job in a very fair price
Final at 8:30 and cannot sleep <<<<
THERE'S AN ALL-PET YOUTUBE?! WHY AM I JUST NOW DRUNKENLY HEARING OF THIS
lol i dont even post on here really. Just like reading what people say. Like finley that he is a good player and can catch
Listen to :
That just pissed me off... Always happens
oh, most definitely. I'd hate for you to get sunburned... Anywhere. :P
will do!
Getting ready to board my Philly to Columbus flight with a li'l layover in Atlanta. Thankful to be heading to my family.
drink a ton of #CraftBeer of course
Heading to #RedRibbonAffair to benefit Madison AIDS Network - they do incredible work for our community!
Welcome to the #nickasaurfamily !!! I like that picture btw:)
good morning camas wa
Follow Back :)
Done trying to be nice to people that can't even show you the respect to be nice to you.
Yayyyyy!!!!!! got 15,010 followers! thank you ryan fans and lovers!
It looks great :)
Lou Holtz of Notre Dame coaching fame and ESPN analyst is apparently considering a run for Congress
222 Thanks a lot People. :)
when do you have time to chat I'd love to hear about your idea
so glad you were there!
RT just watched film. I enjoyed it. Very touching.
Badger fans! Former Wisconsin QB Russell Wilson is now on Twitter! Give him a follow:
Maxwell house
please help me i need follows me
RT : Why does the eye see a thing more clearly in dreams than the imagination when awake? ~ Da Vinci
SeaQuest! My teenage favorite!!
i'm into it.
Oh you received a +K in marketing on Klout? ACTIVATE SUPER-UNFOLLOW.
3 finals in one day is really not ideal.
When i tell you that I care about you, its only because I am to scared to say i love you.
Yeahh! Lol so what's your name? :]
So sad about Whitney Houston's passing. I'm praying for her family and I'm glad I had the opportunity to perform with her. R.I.P. Whitney.
#OneWordThatDescribesMe hardworking (not at school, sadly)
hmmph. I have a stalker from Colorado. Im convinced they are my anons.
Business Insider is still politically bright blue. When they are intent on broadcasting today's Obama talking points, I am ready to bail.
About to head in2 Facebook bootcamp for marketers 2day. Topic is ads. Have been doing them a while, but maybe there'll be something new.
omg like.....fruit loops?!?!
your below my level
notice you said church folk lol but the real saints will get that and RT it!!
EFF YOU BELLY RING. HURTING ME AND ISH
RT : I myself do nothing. The Holy Spirit accomplishes all through me. ~ We are but vessels created for His will and purpose <3
Hopefully never have to hear any more of the Tebow bullshit again.
I always want more....
Oh, I knew THAT. I was just vexed by the existence of the site. Guess I should work on my fucking grammar!!!!!! OMG!!!
"Just remember, after a storm the sun is just waiting to come out again. It can't rain forever."
So what did you think about the part in the elevator? What was the dynamic between him and her at that moment?
Michelle Williams is my #bestdressed I love the color!
People say video games make you violent, well... does monopoly make you a millionaire?
Ungrateful bitch
Last minute cake shopping since my friend forgot to buy the birthday cake
The #Superbowl #commercial from #Honda that you didn't see! #dippitydip --
Time for that #napflow!
are you avail Saturdays in Feb? I'm hosting a food truck festival event and looking for several trucks! : )
Yes, and thank you very much!
Happy Mothers Day mama!<3
We'd love to have you here. Contact Transfer Specialist, Ryan Bench, 715-425-3500 or for details.
Great to hear the candidates fight over who is most pro-life. Can't wait to hear this argument taken to pro-abortion Obama.
Instagram just followed like fifty random people for me.......
Know how you know a spot has run a lot during the NCAA Tournament? His older brothers are calling our 2 yr old "WeGo" - thanks A-B
Talking to a friend that I haven't talked to in a long time(: I've missed her in my life! #TrueFriends<3
If someone you like likes you and you like them, what's stopping you from being together?
Found a new blog for yummy recipes via
You're all doing some of your best work right now.
“: dalai lama tomorrow!”
Can't go back. Can't go home. Though you've been told anything goes when everything's gone. You risk it all.
Everyone posting their Gifs on Gifboom makes me want to throw my blackberry away & get an iPhone!
Nothing ever did work out for you and me. I should've expected it..
I hit the ball great, but probably had 8 3-putts! Haha solid
YES! It's adorable! (: can't wait for #HootFest2012! Have fun performing <3
We didn't realize you had a little guy, too! = tweens/teens!
hey do you have a plan b if it dosent rain so we dont waste a day?
thats 5 points from 5 other players at minimum...not that hard...it's about the D...need to play harder...to much lacking last game
Wow, the chicory coffee and beignets at Bayou Bakery in Arlington really are as good as everyone says. More, please.
So i Turn on the tv, & they showin this soft ass porn
Raising kids is part joy and part guerrilla warfare. ~Ed Asner Which are the gorillas?
Exactly....I love how I get pulled into something I left more than a year ago...FOR A REASON.
so quad lunch/full drink day together this weekend? Maybe well have more luck makin a plan on twitta :)
#notquitecharleston but I still would never leave. Its country and southern enough for me.
thanks for the promo! Show was awesome. Let's run into each other again
run the million windows apps in parallels
#FF "round the world" #rtw11 trip contest sponsor of week 2!
I'm Peeta and you know it!
Why is my dad watching women's college bowling..?..lmao..didn't even know that played on espn..
Getting it done!
How are you?I was wrong about weather. If I get cold and rain without 100 mph storms, then I am fine in Baltimore.
Yuh there yet keep me posted kk
Drew Brees still got it!!! Nice drive and TD by the Saints!!!
Possibly in Chesterfield, but was easier 2 park @ Lambert! This was pre 9-11 when there were < restrictions.
With my sweet boyfriend tomorrow.(: <3
#mla2011 will there be an app for the conference ?
Just posted Mylan's official response to recent Epipen ad on The Allergist Mom Facebook page. Check it out! They will pull the ad!
sounds great! Keep in touch on it.
I'm over here getting all excited by myself... It's not as fun like that haha. Wrigley keeps looking at me crazy
Teacher: Give me an exp of something expands in heat and contracts in cold Student: Summer break 10 weeks, winter break 2 weeks Teacher: ...
Jack I found you! :) A while ago but I decided to say it now. :)
Last song i wanted to hear by a live singer in bar @ universial is "rockytop". play some ac/dc man
"Girl you're my angel --you're my darlinnn angel closer than my peeps you are to me " ❤
The other half of my thought is u only charge the consumer the 20% up front. The other 30% goes directly to biz day of service.
Your brain is most creative in your sleep.. In the sleep state the brain thinks much more visually and intuitively.. I accomplish that awake
Red white and blue... All day long
I see you and Kemba doing you're thing! Congrats on the win bro!
lets meet up!!!
wondering why more conventions aren't asking us about our FREE stuff for show promoters
haha I am looking more for Kardashian/SJParker scoop haha THANKS you're the best :)
I thought about it but I saw someone do that and lose it all
don't do it.
RT : From a seven-year old "This place is like a church, but with inappropriate pictures!"
stop being mean to her! Shes standing up for her so stfu cause your hate ovbs isnt welcome here.
Cathryn Carson: How will we adapt UC Berkeley social sciences institution to big data era?
Bravo to #Fox5sandiego for apparently snagging #KTLA's best reporter: #JamieChambers. Loved his Dad...
well why not?!
Way cute...makes you want to take him/her home with you, doesn't it?
RT : If u r considering tossing your hat in the ring for a big opportunity, even if it seems like a stretch, do it.
No problem, but you need to follow me for me to send the DM.
that could be a good thing or a bad thing lol
RT : it's all fun and games until your online home gets hacked! // I practice self-hacking (makes you go blind)
Are you a better coach/player today than you were yesterday?
What sport do you participate in to help you with cardio?
“ “ Scorpio is where it's at.””
But it seems like that isnt going to happen anytime soon.
Thanks! It's a beautiful day to be outside.
I'm in such a good mood today :)
Finally broke the #knitting needles out and getting ready to knit a bulky silver & white hat and top it off with the world's biggest
thanks-you too-Sarah!
So for this Saturday, I'm having a dilemma about which Cauldron scarf to bring to the game.
To what are they referring?
“ hawaiin punch use to be the shit”
time to say goodnight to a good day. sleep tight. :)
well why else would they be taking to you
u said sum nasty lol
I can be so lazy when I want to be, but when I feel like it, I can really like run a mile.
My pleasure!
I feel the pain in my hometown everywhere I go never knew how close Kokomo was too me but it's a lot closer/deeper than I thought!
don't know yet
. we've been deeply pondering loyalty...
“: My Verse >> (((: Thanks, Donald.”no problem girlie...
We are getting excited for Read-A-Palooza on April 28th with our friends Are you going?
Where in heaven's name is Hip Hop going???
Morning Tweets
fashion fades, style is eternal
Will do! Having an intense thunder storm right now but hopefully will pass soon. Gracias!
"Advil is for women, I'll have some red wine instead" - on how to deal with lower back pain the manly way.
glad we could hang out and catch up yesterday. We'll have to do it again soon!
"Nothing changes,if nothing changes. Thanks Mary Watson, another great coaching session.
We really have the best followers. So much support and encouragement from the paranormal research field. :)
She left her man for that Get Right
most definitely! Keep sending the choons our way!! :]
UofL having to work awfully hard to get looks early
Let's get a win tonight celtics... We at Barcast are feeling a triple double from Rondo!!!!
That moment when u just wanna write a paragraph to someone wanting to tell them how u feel and then u just think its not a good idea
Looking forward to your tweets. I've been reading your blog via Dr.
“: Not surprised, but disgusted that the First Lady was booed at NASCAR.” Indubitably.
you need to start a Tumblr pic-blog called Look At This Fuckin' Cop!
Still had enough to get the Double Play though!!
Like the shoe news LA.
show no mercy to Gov'ner Prick Perry
JULIET SIMMS <33333 cant explain how happy and excited and proud i am of
so do i! Cuz i miss your loud/crazy self!!
One of the hardest things you'll ever have to do is to stop loving someone because they've stopped loving you.
I want to pop a bottle of expense champagne and spray it everywhere >>>>>
Price Drop: SkySafari 3 Plus (Education)
Omg 😭😭 if anyone is depressed dm me and I'll help you I'll keep it private please people don't slit your wrists it won't help!!
how long you up there for pimpin?
Great message from !!! Glad all went well!!
Seeing watermelon being stacked at the grocery store will never look the same after this week's show. Thanks &
Don't mind if we do! RT Take a break from all that shopping - it's lunch time and the plancha is hot!
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records.
Registration for #THATCamp Philly is now closed! Look for an email regarding your status by the end of the day on Monday!
Another lib just contacted me about starting a LibraryYOU. I envision a time when Google search results are full of library-created content!
last week for Rosemary fries.
Watching marley and me
Classic vanity play is buying a magazine/newspaper: Facebook co-founder Chris Hughes buys majority stake in New Republic...
I just wanna crawl back into bed... /:
Good morning friends, our wifi is crusin and we are on the interwebs highway to see what's going on? Any good news you'd like to share?
(jen) Trying to reach a client in Scotland before my day gets going and his day ends.
lol I will
"Starting today we'll tell the story my way. The King of Imperfection takes back the Prince of Mistakes."
Lotus jumpin tonight
Guess who has an apartment for next year? ! WOOOOH!
Interesting licensing play #sportsbiz MT : Your favorite Player's Twitter Name & Number T-shirts. Coming soon
should play with me sometime :-)
I coulda sworn he told everybody he was single 0_0
I love rumors! I found out stuff about myself not even I knew.
Just made a presentation with a NARB
If I get one more recommendation to follow Ryan Seacrest I'm going to punch my screen.
Morning, Tim. Please pass the pot of coffee to me when you have filled your cup!
Loving my new profile pic ♥ the guy that I am so proud♥
The point makes is that white women often ignore, obviously, the needs of women of color.
follow back please I need to DM you something :)
theNoster123 on YouTube
peace judy.
#teammiami him take it all the way.
A time-traveling robot monkey seeks to avenge his daughter's death by uncovering a mysterious conspiracy. Plus ghosts and aliens.
I just wanted to say... I love you.. lmao jk. did you see that clippers and grizzles game hoe?
Mr. Brown saved my life<3
Currently obsessing over sea salt. Want to make sautéed spring veggies with olive oil and sea salt. 🍴🍆
I #believe that one day I'm gonna be noticed by No matter how hard it is, I will always
And this is why he should just save himself time and more heartache an just pick one of us!
I hope today is tomorrow.
Good, cause I'm gon' take you out and accidentally leave my wallet home.
Perfect shitfaced mick music!
Touch it gently put two fingers inside if it's wide use three fingers make sure it's wet and rub up and down. Yep that's how you wash a cup
#theElbow heard 'round the metta world.
+eleventybillion RT : I guess you could say Joe Ricketts's chickens have come hoome to roost
Cant wait to watch the hunger game. :)
thank you!
Seeing Leah cry breaks my heart.
Current soundtrack: Balmorhea, "Steerage & the Lamp" (from Live at Sint-Elisabethkerk)
Great location for #tedxhuntsville - and bonus...free wifi
hahaha nevermind found it....You genius you!!!!
ehh idk. i think i wanna take himynameisjenna back.
Our new album will be available in 16 days via WIN
It's Official! #Urban #Meyer is a #Buckeye...looks like another 7 year drought for #scUM!
Nights like this are why I'm happy I get paid hourly.
I'm I'm love with
CNN's Mattingly talking about NC OBX yet CNN showing pix of Bahamas -- MISLEADING at best. Show NC, not Nassau!
thanks for follow!
Team Majmoo likes to personally thank our 400th and 401st Facebook Family member, Ali Algalham and Sadiyah Ahmed. Thank you and Welcome!
I saw a Fox10 SUV at my apartment complex on the north side of town off of Carefree Hwy and the 17.Where can I find the story?
All bow to the mighty Space Needle. It is 50 years old today. Sacrifices of small, used drug needles welcome.
Just did an interview on NY1 and touched on how narrow language marketing formulas hurt Latino producers. Hopefully they won't cut that!
Surrender has a amazing crowd tonight! Come check us out only
that doesn't bother me as much as feet, though it it lame. Not everything is a Corona commercial.
OMG my sister is Only 12 and literally she loves you like crazy!! She thinks UR HOT🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Sure, let's do it :)
ugh i can't i have to head straight to Boston :( maybe sometime early next week?
when tonight?
Myself. There is no certainty about anything else.
love your instagrams!
Someone's about to get ✂ 📴
i would rather live with him than die with him c:
Reading & studying her scene construction. Not a wasted #scene anywhere & the different #POVs she uses really work
hell yeah my nigga
Has it been a long week for anyone else? Stop by The Upstairs for happy hour tonight, 5-8pm, we'll take care of you.
“: Long overdue RT The op-ed I wrote for the You Don't Know Che #gwu gwpatriot.com/2012/02/03/you…”
Idk bro imma check it when i get off. They was good yesterday i got the whole thing on my phone.
Finally on twitter beautiful lol. Haha
I went out w/him 2x & nothing. All I wanted to do was flee when I was on the dates.
Hello, keep up the good work.
you need an at&t phone
Today's leaders cannot afford to have blind spots in their world view.
Thanks for the
lol it seems to happen alot :/ my poor brain :P
Poor life choices? Right there with you.
3 more followers until the 500 mark whose it gonna be?
Guess who's volunteering (aka being forced) at a bingo night instead of going to the regional chamopionship bball game... this girl :(
girl u better come next time we have adventures!!
RT : Stigma is combated by standing up and talking about reality. Knowledge dispels fear and thus stigma.
#lastfridayof2011 I will be watching and play Almost #NYE in
all 1 of them?
I must be the most curious person ever b/c I have a barrel full of dead cats.
If I didn't work in a strip club I'd be the larger version of
Watching the KU game from our seats in the at Ready for to kick some ass!
hmm isn't tweeting about the #Devils game? Her phone must be dead. cc:
Lethal Weapon was not the lighthearted romp I thought it was going to be.
Liberty City for Obama meeting today at 3pm. Contact me for details.
Thank you!!!
new song by #THEGOODS #silversky debuting right now on the tune in!
Thanks for making #smreboot happen! Such a great opportunity to put faces to names across USM.
Headache still here.. Gonna try these meds one more time.. Back to sleep for me..
i just wanna send out a big thank you to the people who recently followed me. I haven't gotten on in a while
come get it
You're so sexist! Haha! RT But I'm not a man..women shouldn't have to wear ties!
You are very welcome. You have a great one too!
I hate it when people say "oh?" like I never give you an oh answer when I'm IMing you or texting you :c so then dont do it to me!
Definitely going to be a big day, stop by our booth near registration RT Gotta get my sleep before #Innotech tomorrow. Big day!
Last night was to fun :) sleepinn on & of till work at 3 ! Then uk wasssuppp after ;)
ENRAPTURED BY THE ‘RHAPSODY’
Just finished speaking at the SD 8 and 9 conventions. Great people working together for a brighter future for all Texans.
Death to people that go to the Market and get in the 10 items or less line with more than 10 things !!! 😠😡
I love Marisela!
Where is #gopclownshow (aka #fldebate) online? Seems like "news leader" thinks: HANDPICKED soundbites > FULL debate
hey enough of that lol should see me shut it down Friday
? to all mom's out there: Did you a feeling or where you feeling a certain way the day you went into labor? Would love to know.
Working on my last term paper ever...till I get into graduate school, heh.
hahaha oh girl trust Me your not! I'm like Always awake;)
great game. Should have been a PK. Had the opportunities to win the game....came up short.
7 game Lin streak ends in an L...
got bitches galore.
Good luck to my babes tonight! They are gonna win the Brits. I just know it! :) x
Besides Rob, most famous Wisconsin Rapids resident = Dick Trickle.
didn't do well in duplicate bridge today. wish i could blame it all on the cards.
Musical word of the day: doit: jazz term referring to a note that slides to an indefinite pitch chromatically upwards
I don't wanna leave here.. ever.
we already did ☺
No kidding.... but it makes me hopeful for other things.... :-)
Love is selfless people!
Ready for husband to be home. I miss his guts. I need to stop listening to such sappy music. ♬ 'The Blower's Daughter' - Damien Rice (cont…
I can't. Yet. But I do have the receipts for all my equipment & travel/food back and forth to SC.
RT : Did you just say Madness? This is SPARRTTTAAAHHH!!!!! Let's go!
Who still has a blackberry and I don't have ur pin?!
hey! When are you coming home?? I have two weeks off. #iwillhaveisabellatime!
Whoa, I was just there an hour ago. >> RT : 3-alarm fire at Haight&Fillmore in SF where a building w/ a Walgreens and apts is burning.
true! But she'll probably understand when we talk to her!
How could anyone forget you and your awesome ties? ;)
...but can you dunk like him???
If you have a dream, give it a chance to happen.-- Richard M. DeVos
well that's what I like to hear!! lets keep it that way :) so which song is your favorite so far?
very true taught us some powerful things today at her workshop. We were lucky to be able to host it!
Meet Carl Landry of the and sign up for his basketball camp! Carl will be at Pinkberry Mandeville Saturday, June 2nd from 2pm-4pm
Now every body smashing for the cash Jack....... lol
In just a moment, everything can change forever
I found out that Im getting the Ipad2 next month!! <33 IM SO EXCITED.
happy birthday bro
Why do the disenfranchised always need to worry about funding for housing, meals and other services? Not fair! #WithoutHS ?
nice im from Milwaukee Wisconsin, go packers lol
Another patriots win in week 16. Life is good...
Thank you !
yes! it is going to be like my tweet stream only better with commentary and such! :)
Do ya thang, sign yo signature
Can we make it to 500 followers today? If we do we'll pick 1 lucky follower to win $10 in driving credit. RT and follow by 3pm to enter!
who is wasting there time trying to replace you?
waiting to get my haircut while sitting next someone who obviously didnt brush their teeth today
where is yours?
What are the truths?
going into old navy for a minute. Take your time.
I'm trying to work and my eyes keep shutting.
I feel sick
Mom: I'm too tired to bake. Me:What are you going to bake? Mom:A penis cake. Me:For a bridal shower? Mom:Yes. Me:Oh thank god. 😝
DOW hits 11K first time since May
During church this morning the only thing that was going on through my head was the song Taylor gang by
really? Didn't know that was the reality for black dogs...what is the reason?
favorite TV show of all time?
Hooray! Congrats on the huge new job!!
Excited to have you! Hope you have a great time in Austin at #SXSWedu in March. Good luck with your panel!
Off 2 Senate 2 testify bout business lending challenges. Ok kidding but I am heading 3 IFASBLS to be a panelist & talk bout these issues. :)
feminism offered us two things: fatter dolls and an end to traditional gender roles
I have strep throat :(
When my phone is almost dead, and I have to turn it off all day to save some battery to call my mom after track practice <<<<<<<<<<<<<<
This super moon is super awesome
When you cease to dream you cease to live. - Malcolm Forbes
Odd Future
I promise you will.
Phil-isms rock!! : Ducks are a lot like women, they don't like mud on their butts - Phil Robertson (Duck Dynasty)"
New deerskin Kinco gloves smell like rodeo season hence the Garth Brooks on my pandora...
RT #MMchat Shawn Roberts of joins us on ‘Understanding Different Methods of Influence Measurement’
I look disgusting -___- it looked okay until I tweeted it..
It's about to storm here in Stephenville! Let's take shelter at Bostocks! The beer is flowing! We go on around 10 ;)
: We are proud to introduces "A Lesser Hope" to our Sancrosanct Family. They are a great metal band. Show them love!
Join me at Weldin Hall on Thursday Feb 16th to chat about #Snooki and her friends at a Jersey Shore Viewing and Discussion with Prof....
CONGRATULATIONS! I wanted a longer fight than the last fight and you gave it to US. "PEACE"
Birthday shout out to ! 
working on a project :/
35 is the most up to date number from police
did u go there? who would expect u to apologize for that? itd b like apologizing for tweeting about the pack!
what the hell?!! It should be and tag teaming. Not that hoski
And do it with some kind of brush that doesn't judge you.
goes to the Jets. With the off-season the Fins have had, this will really test
Poor pumpkin. :(
That sounds fun! (:
never seen anything like that ever!!
my grandpops play for the celtics
I am up to 401 today. Better watch out Aaron. :)
Thanks so much - your support is very much appreciated!!
This is a perfect day to be outside. Im in need of a drink. And I want these taxes to be done. Portlanders need to take advantage of this
If one day everyone decided they had all the T-shirts they would ever need, would the French Quarter survive?
RT : #shoutout to the hospitality from at the step show right now!
you rebel, you!
When are you coming to the Knicks? Can't wait to see you swishing down threes!!
giving away a free photo session at 200 likes (local session only).. tell your people!
Virgil~ They can conquer who believe they can.
Chilling watching family feud.
Honor thy error as a hidden intention.
2 weeks seems like long time for Hacked site. Could there be another reason TPT is down? Trust me it doesn't take that long.
Are we aware of what our cleaning products contain? LOC and SA-8 is the absolute best for cleaning everything and washing your clothes
#FF ; GO FOLLOW HER TIRED ASS! She will listen to your story and make y our smile every step of the way.
teddy shot--stoli orange, raspberry liquor, soda water and sprite. named after a bartender at mcfaddens. love it!!
Take my belt off , Bitch im pootie tang .
Thanks for swapping your crappy #MD90s into the #SFO to #MSP route. These planes need to be mothballed.
Thanks for the retweet!
best place to find your job - joborworker.com
Yaaaaooooow ! Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19 
Wow... That bunt had all the makings of a triple play... Damn.
This year, learn exactly how to handle your home improvement goals of any size--the right, safe, successful, affordable way...
JEje it was Hilarious but too CUTE!
RT : #Kudos to business and executive coach Larry Laswell on presentation at // So agree! He didn't disappoint!
Very true!! Loving your blog, very informative...even for us non-paleo people out there. But I'm slowly starting to try paleo.
Hey, sent you an email re project work, thanks
is that east or west coast time?
and now, Eric Burdon - Bruce sez he stole every song from this guy.
Gettin me a loud package of SALAD!!
There is a question on HAL about Typo3. I haven't heard or used this. Has anyone else?
..Leave his friends, so he can think.. ' I'm moving from my friends miles away, but my mahomies always support me'
A: That connectivity is great for the community because all of that information can be transferred.
Our specials are almost as amazing as we are.
If you present yourself to me in the nude, I'm gonna gawk at ur junk. Can't help it. Don't look at me like I'm a perv. YOU are the perv
Agreebird should be a game called agreebitch
SO COOL.
1 reason, Battle of Gettysburg was over shoes.Lee needed shoes.Many troops walked from AL,NC barefooted .Were almost as poor as slaves.WHY?
Birthday wishes: Kardashian Kollection gift cards from Sears, cash, Big Bang Theory on DVD, and one love. :)
Your announcement envelope is divine. =)
Hah, you might have to go into a bidding war with Lexi!
love your new show. All the hosts feel very real to me and not fake. It's like they are in my kitchen cooking and talking with me
Having dinner at Raisins in downtown Awesome service as always.
Thank you Devils!
Super excited to be doing more writing under Keep an eye out for my stories on
So happy for Melissa Mccarthy! Just goes to show that bigger women can make it in Hollywood as long as you shit yourself.
I was so annoyed about those same emails from Old Navy, Banana, etc. too! Plus iPad, computer, iPhone were going alert crazy!
Love You
Had a twenty minute chat about #Snake being a total bad ass.
bench player of the year
“: Just ordered the 21 Day Detox from Love u Bob but thats a rip off!! Don't waste ur money p1s!!
there is a little bit of that too. He got a couple of carrots ;)
thanks for the follow!
Great! I'll look into it.
...food for thought for "green OA only" advocates; some publishers will go along only until they see it as significant competition.
FORT MYERS, Fla. (AP) -- The Boston Globe is reporting that Boston Red Sox catcher and captain Jason Varitek has decided to retire.
I am really starting to feel like there is some real hatred towards The Lakers in the league office.
I honestly have a perfect life. An amazing bf that would do anything for me, an awesome/caring family & bad ass friends. Love you all <3
If you spend too long holding on to the one who treats you like an option, youll miss finding someone who treats you like a priority.
Looking forward to Friday more & more
you can do as you please
Any chance to tape something with you this afternoon for Yahoo Sports Radio?Please follow and DM if you are available
ppl always trying to kick knowledge
RT - I tune into Lingerie Football and I see an RB break two tackles.The miami dolphins should give her a call. Give them two...
They genuinely don't care. Maybe I need to use a bigger font?
Just put my bed room set on layway
yep, change the Tax Code, my family SURELY needs a BREAK!
In advance of #Badgers game, Vanderbilt's John Jenkins has hit more 3-pointers (132) than any other player in country. Next highest is 116.
before he loved me, I was FSUs .. now the opposite: I love him, and he ... (
ok.. Then it smells good :D
well shit you don't act your age which is a good thing keepin ne rollin lol
thanks ! for the s/o!
- Happy Birthday!! Hope it's filled with good drinks, good food, and good people.
Thanks! Let me know if you guys ever make thru FL again
Is it really an acceptance if a reviewer says: "given the flatness of some of the other submissions, I couldn't turn this one down."
yall im serious i seriously take the time to folow and write on my busy schedule on fb too
Ditto- 5 games Sat. and 2 on Sunday.
I think an investigation is warranted simply to maintain the integrity of amateur sports. Not sure if any violations
I'll have to ask my mum but probably :)!
TY 2 all my new fans over the past weeks, I'm honored by your interest! As always, I'd love your feedback on our money saving application!
You are evil! (and so is getting up before dawn to find out who won!)
Peter Chen is at Enterprise Data World
Achievement brings its own anticlimax.
I can't wait for Vampires Suck:D
SOPA had officially been sent to be redrafted Watch out for pitfalls in the new version of the legislation and keep fighting the good fight!
So the drafted "Nick Toon"? If he has a kid, will he also name him Nick so he can be "Nick, Jr". I can hear the fans now. TON!
It's not a rumor y'all TgT is gonna be in the studio all this week to start their new album as a group! &
I am convinced that most, it not all, bigotry, hate, & discrimination is rooted in "religious beliefs", based on a freaking flawed book!
Subscribe to our text alerts and be entered to win 2 FREE tickets to STAND Up For BASE Camp. Simply text BCNEWS to 27138.
lol I haven't watched it
GET ONE.
i once envied the lives of rap stars. then i got twitter.
The forensic report and the MJS article both took great pains to point out I did not do any blogging. Pure retaliation.
Watching Family Guy
I guess I'll find out tomorrow. The group they had now with Sedano was really good to me b/c it resembled the afternoon show.
not even gonna say anything
class acts!!!
yeah buddy
I haven't woken up at 6 AM in forever. This effing blows.
I kept applying to scholarships even when I was in college! Every dollar counts these days
The kid also spends 5 hours a day trying to successfully land an ollie on his skateboard.
R.I.P
why dont you follow me maybe? i want Micky to follow me and Dan and Greg haha I LOVE YOU ALL!!!! i fancy...
Great visit with family. I miss everyone - have to do this more often + not let life get in the way. Lots of laughing and remembering.
Just discovered the adorable and his YouTube videos. Adorable!
Got it. Replying now.
I decided to name my spider Harold after a suggestion from He does seem less threatening!
is it true you guys are taking off 1250? say it isn't so?!
I had not seen it, but I have now. Thanks for sharing the link!
"All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
did you say steak?
CONGRATS !!! Woo. Still want to check out
Midnight showings of Dark Shadows? There's going to be like 4 people at those...
Orlando is killin the Hawks
My cat naps alot. I'd better research oxygen, it's in the air after all. Oops!! Google decided to show me oxycontin instead! Wow.
hahah definitely worth it.
Keep your passwords organized and in one place with our new Internet Password Book available now
It's all about the art and artists.
WMMB - build lists by encouraging sharing. Strict list hygiene, trusted sender reputation, clean coding = keys 2 success.
Our normal Fall Semester Hours will start on Monday, 9/19/2011.
#ICantStandPeople who play with people's heart.
In Boston!
Fuck this world & fuck this place.
Ishikawa is truly awful. Just a fastball, right down the middle.
RT we gonna dress you like pro from ya head to ya toe!!!! Tell them handsome Jimmy sent ya baby!
omg I'm inlove with you <3333
Happy mothers day babe :) xoxo 💗
i have 19 days of skool left!!
I have to read a book, and do a project by the 12th! O__o that's gone be a #BADGRADE! hahah!
Working on sound design support for my VST Instrument.
there for the marlins but they are still in the middle of their game! won't get their till at least third.
Bet you wish you stocked up on some parm crisps to hunker down with for the storm. Be safe and take care!
Allen pointing out what he says are inaccurate comments from Sugarland PR rep, accuses him of injecting religion into comments
yes saira i bought her literal shit
#ifuwantsomething out of life itself sometimes its just better if u go out and get on your own follow me and i will follow u rite back!
About to see Inception at The Big Picture; all set for a good Saturday night.
lol nvm i see haha ppl know what i mean doe shit
Once, in 1998, I read a website's terms and conditions page
"Big hat, no cattle."
I'll take it into consideration, but I haven't had any other offers that i'd take yet. So you have it as it stands now.
Up all night!
Okay I love it here.
"In order 2 discover the gold in ur organization, u have 2 be willing 2 shake the pan"-d.blowers. Quote used this am 4 my keynote intro :)
When ugly people have your name >>>>
47 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
": And I'm bustin back so niggas in a glass house should not throw stones"
I believe we need to unhinge ourselves from the pick-me mentality in general. How does a big corp legitimize earnest effort?
View your own desktop while sharing your desktop to see what others are seeing
Correction: 1995 admissions data (graduating class of 1999).
I'm sure I'll run into you soon enough :)
indeed, Happy Mother's Day!
AUSTIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE! AUSTIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE! AUSTIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE! AUSTIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE! AUSTIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE!
I learned to swim in the east river
I love coincidences
The word Jazz is a slang term that at one point referred to a sexual act- InSpotter app
you need a lift man?
super nice to connect with you..went to Guilford College for undergrad..fond memories of Greensboro
Let it snow, let it snow, let it...but not like last year, please God.
Chinese megacities average 293 books per 100 people. I wonder what Chicago's books per capita is.
Justin's Hair is Swaggie, Justin's style is Epic, Justin's songs are Inspiring, Justin's body is Sexy and Justin's Voice is Flawless :)
sad day in the neighborhood.
I met a kid today who has two moms. He kept telling me "you the man"
I'm thinking I'm my own worst enemy.
ok! We should find a time in the next couple of weeks! I have a work conference this weekend so hopefully no 530 gym times!
Security threat grounds plane at ABQ Sunport. One person is in custody. More info on www.krqe.com.
Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend! Call us today for a free quote! 702.258.1995 :)
RT nah sell out mi friend dem”
So TRUE! Be strong and stay in prayer!
Love S'Mac Mac and Cheese! Favorite winter meal
Can't believe I have just read on facebook "yaaay got 1D tickets, naaat there overated" OVERATED? They will never be rated!
damn I thought you where 16 already
so the rapture is happening on Saturday taking all the Christians away, hmm, I don't see a downside
Working on my PLN
Follow TRAK Records and Library for all of our opportunities nationwide!
Check out "Away" the #1 single pre-release from NEMESYS. Featured on full length album "Here and After" coming soon!!! www.nemesysband.com
does it smell like a dirty diaper and is anybody wailing?
Thanks for spreading the word about "Monday Night Live" with cast performances on Monday, July 25!
Why did #CharlesBarkley agree to do drag for a Weight Watchers commercial?
Heard some shocking and disturbing news about a former friend tonight. Cannot sleep for thinking about it.
I think I'm probably a bit much
“: Gotta pick it up for the game tomorrow #teamtofer” All-America first team starting left forward
I just checked in on TouchTunes at Nuzback's Bar .
The amount of a monthly payment that you are comfortable with is much more important than how much you can qualify for.
why do hoes always gotta talk shit about an ex that just really makes you fake cause you didnt say how you really felt when you were with em
lol, yes, we all know I'm a make out queen. king? something
Now i have 9 followers #wtf can any one help me get more? maybe?....
don't have to be when their introduced...could be more elaborate though out the plot
is our 2,000th Follower! THANKS!!
only been to paris for a day during a layover, so not really. My only suggestion is to make dinner reservations NOW. Even bistros
And I feel your pain.
A music box to catch your tears
Woah, I won the Spanish lottery and am getting paid for Nigerian contract work, both in the same day! Will wonders never cease. :)
did you get cut...color, or both? I missed my cut on Wed...have to wait till next week. Ugh.
Did Sweetpea survive finals? :)
#Headache x_x , finna burn one and go to sleep..
Can u please follow us? =)
All the best to you, and thanks for the great work you've done for Madison/the state!
Found my happy place, y'all.
My next project will be called
Good Job! :) Keep up the good work! RT Down 10.5lbs since Monday. Feeling pretty happy with myself so far.
none of you girls better be messing with my cow suit hahaha ill fuck yall up
Thanks for the mention! Will be creating a CC Case Study for THEY CALL US /ANIMALS/ on your Wiki.
Really glad I decided to pick up a pair of #Vibram 5-Finger Shoes!
😳😳 RT : I get to do 4/20 lol this should be fun!!
Can we get you on the show tomorrow talking #MCBW??
I. Am. A. Fucking. Cosmetologist. Not. A. Nail. Tech.
Hi Marcie, I've just always liked motorcycles, and now that I'm older I like older motorcycles. Hope you have a good day!
just one though?
Just listened to the new Thrice song "Yellow Belly" It rocks! Stoked for the new album Major/Minor Sept 20
Merry #Christmas everyone!
Anxiously watching updates hoping for random weeknight show within 6 hr drive of Atlanta April 22-25 perhaps? (:
still in shock over this rotation RT : #Phillies announce Lee's five-year deal -- and say he will wear No. 33.
thanks for the follow! Love your org's mission!
I will
we'll see. he can def. get about his help D but i can't see him ever not being a PnR liability. guess we'll see
I'm hungry, I'm tired, I'm extremely irritable and I just want to turn my brain off
Good! Me too. First ever so it should be exciting. You joined the pool of potential dirs, yes? Thanks for that!
im in new orleans .
People on these shows are ridiculously interesting. How is this possible?
lmao why they do that!
Still hate rockband.
ooh, cool! (: coincidence!! :D
you ain't lying. I hate it there
S/0 coming to #Alaska next month for #word2thewize5 gonna be dope!!
Do you know Liams twitter?
hahaha twitter doesn't like our friendship
Like the Black Eyed Peas sang, "Where is the Love?" for Alshon Jeffery from NFL decision makers? A.J. Green really? AJ GREEN?
Busy busy busy. I'm currently in PHX, was in vegas two days ago and won't get back to PDX for another week. How you doin?
hey what's up
Energized and ready for the day=)
me and would like to know why you put !!! After every single tweet??
Am I the only one who gets excited when my favorite person from YouTube retweets my stuff? Just me? Oh okay.
lol yup...a try it out yu nuh. I'm good how about you?
How funny! I was gonna start wrapping my cupcake boxes n bowes too! #GreatBakersThinkAlike lol
On my way to CrossFit! Yep...there may be an addiction.
i'm currently playing words with friends with saavadra lol yolo
we gotta do paintball sometime. I haven't played in years
lol so true
Worry less, smile more. Accept criticism, take responsibility. Listen and love. Don't hate. Embrace Change and Feel good ANYWAY.
Well Since It's A Commercial I'll Finish This Paper.
never heard end of bird story. Did ya get it or is there a Hitchcock thing going on in the RG? I need to know - I'm headed in.
So... characters BioWare charges for should not be cool?
Thank you!
How about an annoying coworker is being annoying? :)
I really hope Hannah tells us how many texts she gets.
#salmonfishinginyemen Good film with the handsome but slightly befuddled #ewanmcgregor and his charming Scottish brogue!
"God, I'd sleep with her any day! If i wasn't married." (Watching a video of Jagger)
or at least a dog ...
lol nope, just diseased :(
I agree the reason when it all board down is dudes aint ready to commit like they say they do .afraid of some good
Building for Energy Efficiency—Are the Savings Worth the Investment? - The Data Center Journal (blog)
RT if you love your mexican acons! (:
I just hash tagged on fb. Complain all you want ;)
Congratulations #QUgrads12! We are proud of you!
haha I wish I had that privilege! I have an exam tomorrow in 8 hours
(holding up sports boxers I'm buying) Walmart checker: so these are like undies, but they keep you dry? No need to powder the donuts then.
I'm Done.
#SomeoneWhoCan make you laugh so hard you can't breath
I sought the LORD, and he answered me and delivered me from all my fears. ~Ps 34
I'm Irritated AF /:
good here, thanks!
where are you? You need to get back to Htown ASAP
I just hear "blue" by eefiel 65 on the radio. Wow someone called that in....
What is Glee's sick fascination with wheelchairs?
Success is a Journey, Not a Destination ~Ben Sweetland
Loved Madonna's half time performance!
sorry! Rock on!
We HIGHLY recommend you attend this special online class we're doing next week
Looking forward to #nea tweets this weekend!
#Tired! -____-" I'm going 2 sleep.. Goodbye twitter! :P
That's what i thought!
Can you beer me now? cc
Regardless of how hot and steamy a relationship is at first, the passion fades and there had better be something else to take its place!
Thank you. Let me know when your back Mel.
lol hell yeah everything else is love tho 😉
Why does everyone hate oatmeal? If I found a girl that likes oatmeal id marry her. #determined(;
Oh, so your definition of "Forever" was till you found someone "Better"
Uni is exhausted after day of outreach on the streets of New York. It is having a family dinner at Lupes 6th/Spring before early bed. Cheers
Off work where can i have fun at????
#whenifirstjoinedtwitter i had no idea how to do anything
I put on different clothes after school and I look better than I usually do, like what the hell happens when I go to school? Lol
Just got off the plane. Back from NYC, now on my way to play for B-day bash tonight!! Detroit tomorrow! #Jukin weekend!
Are we talking jewel case? And how many pages?
Follow Me Please!? 62
Jon, yes, want to meet up at lunch? or after?
Keep your umbrellas handy tonight as showers are possible. Another warm day on tap tomorrow.
night rushers hope i doon't get sick 2night
very bad pic!
YOU WILL FOREVA BE IN THE SAME PLACE AS YOU STARTED IF YOU DONT GRIND!!!
Life is weird.
The Pointe, a luxury condo on the North Shore of Staten Island, has come to market with 1BR & 2BR units priced from the $300,000s
Another Free Lock: Spurs-5.5
We need not fear anyone turning revival into a marketing scheme to grow their own deal. God will not grant real revival to "Stage Fire"
Remember chasing the lights at blockbuster as a kid?
Does mel gibson even have a purpose anymore?
nothing beats
Some1 go to tropical smoothie with me
Happy Holidays from the U.S. Black Chamber, Inc!
whens the next time you making a trip down here?
I swear, I feel like I have no friends anymore.
Everyone fuckin bugs me.
RT One thing i dont like about roommates,always got company. Dont like a lot of ppl in my place 24/7
Which lesson?
I'm tired like everyday yet i can never sleep, makes no since to me
Looking forward to it! RT : #HRevolution bringing #HR bloggers and practitioners together. Join us on 10/7.
haha. You won't be sorry!
She is so lucky, but why does she cry?
open on Thursday at 4:30?
Great movie!
if you live to be 100, i hope i live to be 100 minus 1 day, so i never have to live without you.
And that's why ur always on the bench in crunch time Eddie House...BAD!!!
Oh indeed.
Who is/was your mentor?
How's am I supposed to do that. Come on, think before you Tweet.
i love it when i have a dream where you and fuck... can it come true?
Nothing better then a lazy afternoon in a pool, with sunshine...We count those days here in Wisconsin
So tired...
