Ayyyeee shout out 2my new follower ! :)
bored as fuck on the ps3...chillin in my room some1 come over
Eating Ramen noodles while studying for finals.
SWAG=YOURS TRULY
you bored? Or just on one tonight? Your tweets are cracking me up.
I get by with a little help from my friends. Thanks for keeping me sane
Doesn't take much for me to think that dude is an ass clown. I also agree we will be fine.
Can a young nigga get money anymore
~~The eyes see what they want to see, the ears hear what they want to hear, but the heart feels what is real.~~
how can someone not care about 1D and have never heard of Ed?! 1D are brilliant and Ed is perfect!
are u guyz still in ny im comn back hopefully when i go to manhattan u guys will be there :)
Health code violation?
yo, you never texted me back bro
don't know specific details yet but yes it was reported.
Russian Roulette
Emma's Revolution: "like Rachel Maddow and Jon Stewart with guitars." Sunday, March 18, 7 pm, Civic Media Center, 433 South Main Street
Saw an eagle circle the bottom while talking with roa
I got my twitter forever after you and I'm on tweet 1400. :/ that's more than you.
Come on D Freese. Give me one home run today.
idk what i'd do without tumblr
"You drive. I've had 11 whiskeys." --Ron Swanson
A student said "I think you should get paid more since you are the one doing all the technology and teaching teachers how to do it too!" :)
Happy birffday! :D
Would you like a hardcopy of our pathfinder description or shall we post it on blackboard?
Back to School Night?
“: you should start with Vol 1” you got and kept my attention I will be reading as often as you post :-)
I swear Women Lie about their professions more than Men do. Bitch work at The GAP but her Bio says Fashion Designer! 0_o
HALLIGAN FRIDAY SPECIALS- $3 Bud and Bud Light Bottles, $3 Domestic Drafts, $3.50 Absolut Peach and Pear Drinks, $5 All Bombs!!
For a work week that is only 4 days long for me it certainly is taking its sweet time getting done.
dm we have a way to dramatically improve Edu pArticularly remote students and Are trying to move HQ to TX. Can you help?
RT can't wait to see project MINNA<-can't wait to show you&the crew.official name coming soon (thanks to ) - possibly:)
working seven days this week. what kind of work do you do? do you like to shoot guns?
Why do I look?
July was slow but things are starting to pick up in August. Dare we say the recession is behind us???
Lightning in a bottle is so soon!! :D i am so ready!!
so very full of chai latte...
- Thanks Jason! How about this as your show motto: "A comic a day the BevNerd way!"
Because he's never had a big injury before, Terrell Suggs may be underestimating his rehab time. Returning in 4 months is beyond optimistic.
I love not having anything to do
My bed is so comfy right now <3
SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE
no - there wasn't anything to steal. just wanted to bust in the window. :(
don't look down on me cuz I have a Bonneville and u have a charger wit no kids man fuck that car my kids come first
Researching #yurts with
fuckin wish.. Gotta test at 6 or else you know I'd be there
What's your church called?
Did John Travolta ask the masseur to jerk his "Sweathog"? Oh!
Six Flags was so much fun yesterday :D
Ik but I have known al the manoa ppl since
congrats on the gig duder!
Happy Valentine's Day!
Problems are progress.
Stop it with the emoshit tweets
embrace it! Turn it up and partyhard!
hey boo ... wat you doing?
The rutgers-newark website is having some technical difficulties at the moment. We're working on it!
When people see the word "Ireland" they think of a normal country. When directioners see it, we think of Niall.
RT if your remember when silly bands were popular :)
The LIRR to Isles game...alcohol consumption encouraged apparently.
Bow to Queen HIIT! word! done!
fun times!!
Random tweet
"If you're bodies aren't used to extraneous activities..."
That is a great quote! Thanks.
Star Wars hologram reference by during his energetic opening for us. Always a plus.
thank you lol
It's true, somebody do something dumb and you be like "this funky bitch, here"
good lookin on listening to the joint appreciate it if u can try to come out the 29th for the video we shooting
I will try to find out if they are accepting hs&r :)
Work on me, my pants saggin
Today is a good day!!!!
We appreciate ya taking the needle last night. Hopefully you got a nice rubdown from a co-ed back in CoMo
you talked to Ben bout Saturday
Memphis joins the #BigEast in 2013 and then, the Metro Conference takeover will finally be complete. Give thanks to Mike Tranghese.
That nerdy moment when the dentist is drilling on my teeth and I think the sound sounds like a lightsaber war.
Happy 21st baby, I love you. See you Friday
Experimenting with Dubstep!
I've been sick, so i've been pretty much on drugs.
The weekend, again? Whew! This week went quick! Who's up for a bottle of red and some omg's?
you better come!
I'm sleepy
People of Ikea is the new people of Walmart
don't I won't have no one to talk to bout Cody and I don't have Costs number So yeh how Will I talk to y'all o wait I have ur #
The Knicks need to get rid of Carmelo or Amare. Those two just can't co-exist.
I thought Andy worked 5 WPTs in the last 7 years?
I'm so happy you and commented. I think you are spot on.
I LOVE Russell Westbrook
I *can* get fooled again: Every year, I try the light Egg Nog. And every year, it tastes like the mop-water from the real Egg Nog factory...
At least it's not a free iPad.
“: I'm in desperate need of a professional massage.” same
Yep - great show!
sacrifice the body for culinary excellence!
Picked daughter up after away game. Disembarking team bus takes about as long as the QM II. Got fed up, dropped 1st-ever F-bomb with the kid
Omg. Im hurting.
Hubby and I are in the middle of moving. Have you ever moved? What's been your worst or best experience?
Why is it so difficult to meet decent guys?
We'd use #Glyph for a mini- server, Unity 3D assets, in Domegirls class in planetarium production!
by far the funniest thing ive heard all day
Thanks for a doozy of a First Waltz. Hey Madison, See you tomorrow!
ok Doc...(lol) I went thru the "growing up in NY- going to an All white school - being chubby" issues, but I made it thru!
I asked ya think Romney cares about poor, & he says oh ya.made me laugh & he said Bush was a great Prez.I now claim a dumbass sighting
lol RT : Walk in is at midnight, you have over an hour from 10:45PM hehe
Airing my interview with my idol, Pantera drummer, Vinnie Paul -- This completes a part of me. -- Live @ ZenLive.tv
"...in the corner was not Luol Deng who is out with a wrist injury. It was Brian Scalabrine, the human victory cigar, who missed the shot."
#GeekTrivia question: In the League of Extraordinary Gentleman movie, who was the villain Tom Sawyer shot?
What if we call them 'micro-cabbages' instead?
Its fucking tomorrow -.- & I'll be there at 7:30 sharp :D you were the one late last time :((
#DailyAffirmation: I create my own security.
Dancing and Rapping r my life! Without them I wud die <3
Your #motivation is never questioned when your are trusted. SeanLetwat
RT : It's the network, stupid. -- at
real life! Lol
LOL you already know boo!! :-*
I'm sure the next owners would like my shit.
Horrible experience with Cancelled appt 24+ hrs in advance and they refuse to refund deposit. Took month for them to decide.
mayweather is a bitch “: ESPN is always out to make floyd mayweather look dumb!”
Hi there AmbitiousYF
its a product used to reduce bags and dark circles around your eyes.
Gym in the morning
Live below your means, within your needs. 1 out of every two ppl are living at or below the poverty line.
You can sit courtside by yourself at the #Heat #Lakers game tonite for ONLY $7,648 on
love that the Cowgirls lose again...Where is Jerry Jones jumping around now? Out of his box???
bitch keep switchin seats n shit .. make up your damn mind
Tough loss for St. Clement against league best Hardy Prep. Still scrapped till the end tho
I think the alarm was a user error
Everything runs right on time! Years of practice and design, spit and polish til it shines! (he thinks he'll keep her)
Unfortunately no, sorry!
Cant find one faithful person . I live to learn and learn to see
I would just like to point out that I was a beast with a bow before catniss and the hunger games made it hot.
that kinda sounds weird. now that i think about it. like us on the toilet? wut.
My first p90x experience begins now!
ok now i'm going to bed!
Honestly , am I good looking?
Congrats to the Inspire by Example Award Winners!Keep up the good work!!!
Thanks for the #CCCFV and #JLCC post about the segment March 14th at 9am.
Tonight! "DJ Fredx VS Stubby" Tonight AND Every Friday from 10pm-close
And UK's DEFENSE COMES BACK STRONG!!!!!!!
hahahahaha wait like you mad or what? Wait? Like oh what?
Found another photo of Read's Drug Store in #PealeBCLM. It's nitrate so I'm scanning it then moving it to Freezer Storage.
I have to meet a "waste time on the Internet" deadline at 1:15.
Thanks to and for allowing us to spread our message at your great show this weekend!
ok, obviously he follows some people, but only the cool people... That's why he didn't follow you, you ain't cool enough..
San Marcos bound!!! Guess I'm going out tonight :-(
off for 20 days... i need it
With amanda and hon. Hanna Beth Jackson at
This RT If anybody disagrees that Nick Collins is a Packer hall of famer they're a moron.
she follows back
WHERE R U?! IM ALONE IN GYM!?!
Great job on 2011 Playbook! May be a bold statement but i think its FB Product of the year!
You don't no fear in my heart at all
because now I can enjoy beautiful downtown Milwaukee and dinner at Buck Bradley's
Lmao ": Calling One Direction straight is an insult. How dare you!!"
my house smells like soup.
he bled on that track..some real shit.
Of 202 active shooter incidents 29% were in schools, 23% in malls or commercial settings, 13% in offices, 13% in factories and 22% other.
Could've used that advice 15 years ago…
if you dont know who angel is you can leave just leave
What are the nutrients in a piranhas diet?: Hey answer…ers? I really need some quick info. What are the nutrients in a piranhas diet?...
I decided a long time ago that sticking your hand in a body to keep an explosive from going off was unprofessional.
today. You drive
How about it ?! RT : Suite for the 500 and all expense paid trip to Vegas for the finale.
RT #hardcorememories Stabbing the sh*t out of ur Capri Sun!!! Good Morning Beautiful People! Good Friday!**lmao!
yeah, lets do that
“: god you are FOUL grrrrrrossss” *fowl
lol I HATE YOU. And we BOTH know that homeless man was stupid af
#top10Lies I forgot I owed you.
is healing the pain of victims who can never discuss their own personal experiences. Thanks for all you do.
Def a good motto for #athletes to have RT U don't play to compete you play to win
looking to enjoy birthday Wednesday with you both! Any specials?
I want =D hahaha
its only 11:40 in Chicago and yet Michigan still sucks
We I glad Mumz had a gud tyme, I will Sis I might bring my Sis 2 C it her bday is Friday..Um thankz Sis u gave me an idea ;-)
youre crazy, lady!! ;)
Super #Bored Not Sleepy....
i hate when i see the same quote 100000 times every day by different people
WE WOULD LIKE A FOLLOWER SHOUT OUT ! :D PLEASE ?
MY DICK
to send you tracks,I produce
Hiding Our Feelings Will Only Make This Love Tougher ..
If you think "everything happens for a reason" about EVERYTHING that happens life gets more fun. Try it. I'm serious.
Don't forget that if you think it's hot in your office, think about your field employees. Noting says I care about your safety like H2O.
Food lust and I am about to tear into pig. Damn that guy cooks a lot of pig! mysteriously disappeared during cleanup.
I have panic attacks about what would happen if the site shuts down
#thatawkwardmoment when im actually wrong... and i admit it.
Braun. The Dodgers have been out of it since June 1st!
remember when I kicked in church?!
RT : Where are you going to get your #tacotuesday on? DM your email and I'll send you a drink! #bartab + tacos=
Watching Dawson's Creek episodes instead of writing papers. God I love the 90s
Get your finances together people. Most of your life depends on it.
true that!
Where do you want Austins next concert to be?
Love my new iPod touch.
This is our weekend, thanks for the #ff. Go
Broke my big toe. Like an idiot of of course.
- it was insightful, I took notes and will keep them in mind when I establish the business. All the best with Colonial.
More than half the people ever born are still alive; maybe death ISN'T inevitable.
Never hit a man with glasses. Use your fist.
Thanks for the suggestions!
well he sounds like a total asshat. be proud of who you are - there's nothing wrong with you! :D
ikr!! Me too!
Please note we'll be closing at Noon on Nov 23rd, and closed all day Nov. 24th and 25th. Happy Thanksgiving & safe travels everyone!
Disconnecting until Monday. Weekend in the wild!
Come try our new Veggie Soup! Roasted Red Pepper Corn Chowder! Perfect for a cold day like today!
The Vikings and Giants sold every seat at a neutral site in Detroit in 90 minutes all with one day notice! Only in the
Welcome! I hope you enjoy. I'm looking forward to your comments.
1st bathroom someone pissed all over both stalls, 2nd bathroom under construction, 3rd bathroom I can finally go and tweet this.
In some meetings at #alamw11 I get so excited I start talking loudly, waving my hands & smiling and ppl act like I'm nuts.
Yes sir. Cannot beat the old stadium.
dude that is me....
Do they have any commercials for gay men? That aren't on gay websites?
Wauwatosa -- Structure Fire 66th and North. Mutual Aid West Allis and Elm Grove. One victim removed from fire. Med unit requested.
I pulled my hair back though. I'm good.
in need of some company!
I'm hurt that my top model is not even following me!
cool thanks :-)
Glad that it was useful. The great thing is there are few right or wrong answers, mainly degrees of experimentation...
Scott Brooks just called Kobe the best in the game.
Sign up for Daily Deal of the Day Tweets, starting 06/01/10 Check out the opening day coupon for Water World of Colorado www.denver4less.com
I hope my first check's good tomorrow. I wanna get so shitfaced tomorrow night or Saturday.
RT : A2: Corp websites are good places for benefits info; but go to SOCIAL profiles to get a feel for the culture.
I want to gouge your eyes out
Thank you Alonso - can't wait to read your ebook on making social familiar!
Any other details about Celso's passing? Writing a bit about it for Seattle Weekly and any more information would help.Thanks!
Oh so like pics of jusin n jamie...and a Pic of a fish n hunny bee By jamie??
that's true
thanksgiving with a (=
I'll allow you to keep that fantasy, ma'am, despite it being pure fabrication. :-)
I want Lieutenant Uhura's dress.
“Don't find fault, find a remedy.” - Henry Ford
HAPPY PLAYOFF PURPLE #Ravens PEOPLE. CAW!!“ ”
Case in point, I was listening to #BonIver last night and this morning. You think that would stimulate facial hair growth, but nothing!
One minute!
me too. They were a tease.
heheheeh, are you riding in zz morning?
Totally enjoyed 's performance at last night!
Nice to see Ernst Krenek and Flying Lotus in the same list : )
like it so far! I havent connected w/anyone yet Only thing, I'm having technical difficulties w/ linking/unlinking social media
RT : NEWSWIRE: Jar Of Change On Dresser Sadly Factoring Into A Number Of Financial Decisions
Schyler! Plz audition for Idol again! You were amazing! :)
u got to follow me so i can reply 2 ur messages bt yes u r
love you too!
I wonder how big Front Row Amy's boobs will look at Opening Day on Friday.
got you fa sho! ;-) Have a blessed day!
I take a calcium supplement and a multivitamin daily. Both are gummies. I'm 30.
I'm an Episcopal, that's Catholic Light. Same religion...half the guilt.
Every member interaction (teller, website, call center, etc) is a Rare Opportunity to Wow. Are you Wowing your members?
Guess who is gonna be a bronco??? PEYTON!
Yum. I ate mine fast!
Finally took my Platinum Cami out of her box. She's so much prettier than I thought she was when I first got her!
hahaha so funny, don't blame ya. gatech isn't quite as rowdy...
If possible, would you mind letting Brian know I'd like to ask him a few questions about R-teaching? (I'll email him as well)
living on the edge at Wendy's with a fish sandwich!!
Any thing you do you have to take risk and pray for a great outcome #
As an org, what are the benefits of joining? Will we learn how to create better experiences for our volunteers?
My white guilt has once again forced me to order wheat bread to avoid looking racist.
What about Pete Fountain?: A letter to the editor
Love P Thomas this week. D Thomas may not play, Mendy get's your other RB spot. Boldin at WR. Flex PPR Fitz, Stndrd Torain
every body is either pregnant , has a kid , or a druggie
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. -Arnold Bennet
Honcho lifestyle tip #12 - The police aren't you're friends. Fuck the police, fuck the police, fuck the police and fuck em
I just heard "dude, we can't get those, they give u booty breath." "Girls we'll be with won't know enough to care."
Have another little piece of my heart now, baby, you know you got it if it makes you feel good.
FHF is gearing up for 2012. We need help with marketing, sponsorships, membership and events. Who is in?
Say it isn't so. Oh, the irony! I was in DC last week! Are you sure I can't lure you into working ?
Atlanta Brings Out the Weirdness in the Celtics
omg! He is too cute like I need to have him!!
If this is true, #Obama endorsement is less amazing than how rapidly the electorate "evolved" on the issue. -
I cnt wait til i get home
Great stuff! Especially the last few minutes.
Hate when my business gets put out
“: Admit it. You care about too many people who would never care about you.”
I fuckin love mangos...but there will always be haters smh lol
is!! entering traditional and unique catagories.
Time to relax.
you are my heart , my inspiration , my soul , and the air that I breathe. I LOVE YOU ♥ xx
#hashtagshots might be my favorite thing when it comes to annual meeting. #aam2012 (I'm starting early)
How the fuck did I cut my foot when I have been sitting on it.
fuck u all
follow back please I love you videos!!
lol yeah yeah
ah thats crazy! :)
Headed to Philly tomorrow w/ to see some #blocSTARS in #scottsboroboys and the tour of #memphis !
I am who I am. Either you like me or you don't.”
Good nite out...bout to blaze up now playin some hiphop..
Merry Christmas from all of us at Appalachian Granny's!
The artificial intelligence of MusicXrays is mind-blowing!
and then SeaHawks anr Ravens are the next victims? Sure why not?
What kind of asshole steals textbooks the week before finals? Seriously. That's just rude.
This kid behind me just said whatevs and I instantly wanted to punch him in the face
RT thank god you don't know my boss….oh wait... Bwhahahaha!!!
Won a free pizza just minutes after witnessing my 1st NHL goal at my 1st NHL hockey game with It's a good day
I think I'm in love with Evernote.
Back in the day, whenever Kevin Garnett would check T-Mac, it was MUST SEE TV
iuu shot op .. ok la llevo
Ya right
There ain't nothing like a fat girl in a one piece swim suit.
Thanks for the kind words Listening to of describe social media strategy to a room of dinosaurs.Nice work!
that was a dare... haha
Ouiji board is scary a'f ._. with
This afternoon I'm listening to descriptions of encounters with snakes, stings from scorpions, etc, in the desert
?? With peace there is no absolution of freedom, freedom is living in purest form
If the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail - Abraham Maslow
RT : Congratulations to Lea, who is getting married today! She's here this mornin' getting made up fabulous by
A man can stand anything except a succession of ordinary days
that wasn't an offer
so much for going out and the Knicks losing
A home care company in the south hills
Yessir! RT #LAKings already clinched a playoff spot, now to take the division!!
Wednesdays at Salute. Live Jazz and $8 martinis. 46 East Superior. mention the tweet to get 10% off
please please please please please follow me! ♥ i wuv you
. Got tired of nasty bitches. Now fuck off and bother someone else, scumbag.
i dont like dark girls
I HAVE to tweet this.. i know—TOTALLY professional of me www.peopleofwalmart.com
shout out oh I'm watching Victorious <3
I know ._. But he seems like he goes into serious depression idk... Just nvm
Why is it that I feel like this #Social46 thing is a bit exclusive and elitist?
May not be able to do both; physical limitations. But will try.
Woman who suffered similar spinal chord injury to Jack Jablonski, offers family hope tonight at 9:20 on Fox 9.
RT : Social Media Centers of Excellence provides governance, policies guidelines, training and best practices
Oh we'll be great together alright. ;)
Angry birds has stolen my life. It has taken me from my family and kicked my dog. Okay all but that last part...
Servpro Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Buy a camera you can afford and that feels good in your hand. That matters, you have to like using it.
Now she telln me that she gon' tell all her friends im like ok
Ehmagawd scary! At least she didn't bring that up (;
I hate his likes
Fantastic!!!! Great job!!!! I start tomorrow. Gonna have to stay very busy. I predict cooking :) Congrats on day 1 Chef!
Great list Melissa, very well done.. when can we expect the HPDHp1 review Pottercast.anxiously awaiting your thoughts.. EPIC!
that cool
: Number of Ping #RSAC party attendees exceeded upper bound expectation by 150%, tequila consumption by 180% > and turned em away
same amd rapper u keep sendon me dockhead "lool"messages its cotny chill out
Love this! Cool idea for MacArthur Park.
8 years to go...
third day of mtu error and verizon is blamining xbox and xbox blaming verizon! spent 4 hours on hold so far. can you HELP?
An SAPD officer is dead this morning after a wrong way driver hit the female officer. She passed away at the hospital.
I want sum subway nd shrimp..nd mayb a corn dog wit sum lemonade
Most Important: all who are out of town "AllStar Orlando " please have fun / be safe! And get back home in 1piece!!!!
Hey man congratulations!!
Getting prepped for the Office Technology Conference. I'm presenting with and Lauren McSwain-Starett
Press Coffee at City North is closed???
Studying Latin with nuevo tango music. Quite a relaxing Monday...
although that's not all bad. You can dispose of excess, but you can't go back and get it.
Simultaneous #perfectgame in Seattle and #grandslam at fenway. Now back to the #stanleycup. #letsgoRangers!
RT Charcot-Marie-Tooth #CMT disease discovered by same man who first described #ALS - French neurologist Jean-Martin Charcot
Great day for drummers! The tamborrada started at 12AM &continues for a full 24 hrs-traditional Basque way to celebrate St. Sebastian's Day.
I don't think they have...
stay tuned: it will be functional and screenshot soon! ("soon" == after final exams)
I will not be in today because my power is cut off, I have no gas in my car and my telephone is cut off and my wife bounced $700 worth of...
Hyped about auditions tomorrow, we are also filming for behind the scenes so be sure to look your best!!!
Don't forget your copies of the Embellish Vampire Saga on Kindle & Nook & other Readers for $2.99! Get yours soon. It ends March 31st.
I can't sleep... dammit
“: Lugar's loss to Tea Party feels like bad news for country. Pushes GOP further to Right. Discourages cooperation.”
does it look really bad???
lol go buy something good n be like oh I forgot it at home then take it for u lol
Couldn't agree more! RT : Love this tip: involve and share your staff, volunteers, donors on camera.
"Put Me In Coach!" That's right, time to start thinking about that company tailgate outing to Miller Park! Summer slots are filling up fast!
but he hasn't tweeted anything yet!
Thanks for the share!
Happy belated Birthday !! <3
GREAT PRESENTATION GROUP 2!!!
And the winner of the beanie is....! Come down to to pick up your beanie!
The amazing Judy Garland singing it! bit.ly/vaL8pX fb.me/1gaMT1ZgG
Be precise in your wording. If you say you will "help," say exactly what kind, and how much, help you are offering
Loving the "Blame the Boredom, Blame the Basements" set list!
Also very odd trends on #googleplus our feed is entirely filled with pandas. #Friday 's bring out the best posts.
well hun let in more about this link
Gold Parties all across the USA. Call (800) 774-9134 to book a party ANYWHERE! OR go to www.thegoldpartypeople.com now!
Come on buffaloes
exactly what i'm doing now. the only way i will fail is if i give up. for me success in this biz is not a question of if, only when.
DM your email
you are sillier ;-)
Dear Alec Baldwin:​ Take the 1st step, which is the biggest step you will take in your life, & delete Words with Friends from your iphone.
seems like yesterday you were playing at GRC!
have you heard owl city's new EP yet??
I havent watched in weeks....looking forward to WM?
I wonder how many friends I have on Facebook.. On second thought, who cares?
Thanks to our man in San Antonio, we know that King is down 3-1 heading to the seventh inning.
I'm a grind an brew coffee drinker try to buy organic beans cuz I drink 4 morning cups give or take. Nice to tweet!
no he is not. who told u he is a congress leader? he is not even a member of congress party
Santorum on Cuba is so confused I am embarrassed for him and his apparently innocent family.
let's just say i have lots of "time" on my "hands" right now. :)
TRUE. Ahh I love the faith! :D
We are thrilled with all the great presentations at the inaugural #LAUNCHedu event! Hope to see everyone at the LAUNCHedu Part at 7:30!
Our Twitter party with starts in 5 mins! Get ready to share & hear creative & innovative ideas w/ other inspired moms!
#NowPlaying: Scribble by
Fear the beard!
No problem! any time :)
Your friends at b1 bicycles wish you a safe and happy memorial day!
I Love When Boys Act Their Self's Show's Alot.
i know you do, i still remember that night you put me up on game about the old school radio station (y)
Thanking life for all the great things it has given me. I wish I had a different word instead of lucky or blessed. Sincerely grateful.
Usually when I do that my friends end up blocking each other RT Arguing politics on Facebook.
Thanks for the follow back! I really enjoy your #inspiration tweets! Keep the great tweets coming!:)
Go take a nap at Gage's house.
awe thank you. I'm really worried bout her. :'(
have fun throwing your life down the drain ;)
LOL!!! “: I pity the fool who cares what Ted Nugent thinks.”
A great Pinterest board for Brain art from
honestly tho, when don't I talk about chicken? NEVER. it was pretty obvi there paulina. lololol.
I miss my man!
Hey, somebody says we're the "best of" … bit.ly/jWfA2h … check out the "best of" my Twitter reading for the past week!
Screw you Ms.Keiken Pedro Pupperman is someones name out there
How I wish I responded to my tweet. but it will never happen. or:
Great volleyball match. Basketball, not so much.
Are you still working on your album or is it finished?
Thank you for following me. Working towards a dream :) Nice to have your support!
Happy Wednesday! What have you guys been up to?
shhhh, secret code!
it's all about my O's!
Excuse my French but I'm in France. I'm just sayin.
65 visitors and counting for Car Schmar tonight ! We're nearing capacity for this event.
Deal of the Day at Chico's for January 19: Pants - $19. Stop in for details or call 808.891.1647.
The question isn't at what age I want to retire, it's at what income. ~ George Foreman
so much boobs...even I don't know what to do with them :)
never forget where you have been. The life you have lived shapes the future.
Thanks for the recco to Great to see fans tell their friends about us.
“: we should catch and game and get a bite to eat coach.” let's do it!
"You're speechless I see, a fine quality in a wife."
They think it's a giant mutant super dog, but perhaps it's an otter hologram.
THAT'S why your butt is so little.....
Google Maps is currently my best friend.
Inspired by a one man mission to help AL #tornado victims. How you can help on Fox at 10.
Home.. Nyquil and KU highlights and replay... all gravy baby
#FavMusic #KCA #BigTimeRush Vote vote vote #BTR deserves to win for there amzing n hard work?
How lovely to think that no one need wait a moment. We can start now to improve the world. Anne Frank
I want a relationship like Louis and eleanor ... And Liam and Danielle
"THE BEST THINGS IN LIFE AREN'T THINGS" - from #2 of Kimo's Hawaiian Rules
Night on the town in the D. Bc we be imported from Detroit.
“: Am I the only 1 who can drink this early?”/!!!!
With the people I love the most! Minus JB lol... Baby baby baby oh
Except for Jeff Foxworthy, these guys are hilarious!
School a but I have to go
Taylor Issues* XD
“: WareWolf mode tonight! #FullMoon” teen wolf
* cuts off slow music puts on reggae * Time To Twerk
we're all on the same pg! :) i.e. almost all PMCIDs have corresponding PMID - exception of book reviews/out of Pubmed scope
Stay by the ones that truly love you play the ones that play you and take all you want. Live it!!!!
thanks! I'll look for it!
Let her kiss the bride!
Looking for a great stocking stuffer idea? Try our one hour jump cards!
making 15 elementary schoolers get up and do yoga in the middle of class: PRICELESS. especially since it was relevant to the lesson.
It's Herb Day at the US Botanic Garden! Stop by between 10 and 3 to check out all the booths and see our many blooming plants!
lol yes we have :) my bad ... That's cool .. I tried to be productive but I'm back in bed bc I don't feel well
Thanks Heartbeats Photography for the fun shoot today! :)
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions. -Leonardo da Vinci
matter fact im calling now
Try our new Crispy Onion and Spinach Turkey Burger!
Yes! This account still exists! :) I feel compelled to tell you how great the weather is here in Chicago, but I'm resisting.
one reason I'm at the parish anniv is to meet richard hunt. I took a pic of the work I own by him to show him. He remembers it! I'm siked!
Anything that you starve will die if you don't FEED into joy robbers you will kill depression and enjoy freedom and happiness starting now!
Was it suitable for an 8 or 10 year old girl?
Slop Where. Are. You.
RT : #SantaFe Residents in need: Use code "DISTRESSED" to get $49 room rate at Lodge at SF or $79 room rate at Hotel Plaza...
No matter how painful your decision has been, as long as you can sleep well at night, it means you made the right choice.
Can you please play Chuck Wicks single "Old School" please?
Woke up to a hot house -_______-
Board of Supervisors Chairman Bill Horn will host a news conference with City of San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders at 8 p.m. at the County OES
when is good for you? And I can't come to you,in case you were unaware.
Practice was str8...
Another day another dollar! Grind hard...sleep later!
glad you like it :) means a lot!!
Glad the rain has stopped. Annie was right - the sun will come out!
you can do better.. the thing that pisses me of is people don't give a crap about how THE OTHER PERSON feels
One day you'll be scrolling threw your phone and my name will be the first to pop up . You'll regret never giving me a chance ! #sucker !
happy birthday!
How do I get my friends in Canada, California, Washington, Florida and Georgia to try your hot dogs?
Watching Joel McHale on KellyLive, if #NBC doesn't renew #Community I'm going to be really really mad!!
i havent been on this account in forrevveerr!
had a good work out with my girl see you in the morning!
Celebrating the resurrection and Jesus' victory over death during our morning bible study
Two years later and I still don't know why. Missin you.
agreed! Nsync reunion tour please :) haha
honesty!!! Sum chickz act like that's hard to do
My life feels like a cruel comedy of errors today
thanks! Hey we can coordinate Delaware trips soon!
#sxsw these guys bring the party- follow
I like a good syndicate.
On Friday we take the stage with and N'Stank must've cancelled... those Primadonnas.
Hey,I Love to Sing And Dance But I Don't Think I'm Good Enough Can You Help Me?
;-) RT : To all my humanitarian friends, We're hosting a mothers day dinner at Claras house shelter 5/11 6-8pm
Haha yes, that sentence was cut off at an awkward point. Click the link to read the rest of the post!
I swear, me too
I cannot walk 50 yards in those things...
gotta marry u one day . ! on the grind to do so lmao
MIA Herald Music Critic & great guy Howard Cohen on w/ me 4:30OM 91.3 FM
“: So what do you want for A brand new car .. Make a donation on nixacountry for details. Lol
dm what u do now bro
#ilvolo let's trend that (;
pretty eyed, pirate smile, you'll marry a music man.
um that was a good play
hi ! Long time no tweet. Hope you're well. Moved from Orlando to Nashville. Met your dad the other night. Nice guy!
We're really looking forward to today's Executive Roundtable on #MarketingAutomation Conversation!
I am now referring to the Texas Tech campus as the torture chamber for the next 3-4 weeks. Thanks Dr. Clark for the inspiration.
thanks Colin!! Best part is there's so much more awesomeness where that came from :)
Hello Amanda. Thanks for following us. Will you come in a watch some football with us this weekend? #wheresmadden?
Alumni Association meeting today, May 5, 2011 @ 7:00pm in the lecture hall. Email for more information!
no problem ;D
really excited! :)
doesn't like being sick. Sleeps all morning, up all night.
“The problem with the Internet startup craze isn’t that too many people are starting companies; it’s that people aren’t sticking with it” SJ
what makes u think u can be a porn star and a human being??? Lol jk
Finding tortillas in Boston is just as hard as finding Italian in Austin. I have a deli negotiation going on.
downloaded! Thanks
My brain is ready to implode from being overcaffienated.
thanks! We're working on some, hopefully we can get them out soon!
Stop with the spam messages :/
I love you too man and it's cool I'm glad you did
What are you going To watch today at the md film fest?
What's happening ??
Thanks for the follow!
You forgot Don Maynard. Wow. #nfl #jets #giants. Played in both SBIII and Colts OT win over NYG in 1958.
people love me (:
Religion and Politics: I simply wish we could MOVE the discussion BACK to pragmatic solutions to our nation's pressing problems.
"Justin what do you wanna be when you grow up" "im ganna be, im ganna be, im ganna be a.... Crossing Guard"
Thank you so much,guys!!You were marvelous!And all the best with the Festival! You rock,or shall I say,you swing..!hehe
is that special for the giveaway? usually 1 hour before first pitch
Kenny, the restaurant's on fire, I'll call you back.
David Bowie Book Fake Exposed
"Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment." - Jim Rohn.
Reeve Foundation is doing amazing things to help people living with paralysis. Help them with a donation today. I did. bit.ly/powerofwe
are you in the "burgh"?
In the grocery line with that person in front of me who is questioning every transaction and penny added to her receipt.
of course
yeah... Bummer. Though I'm sure the rest of the proposal will wow them :)
I'm about to turn these girls into superstars...watch me work ;)
We're having a great week here at the Hill. Hope your week has been as wonderful!
I'm in the mood for some Japanese
Happy Birthday, Elisha! Can't wait to see you both!!!!
When you put all your time effort and trust into something or someone and it ends up not working out.
Thanks for the cupcake ;)
my shoulder is killing me :((
But I'm drinking Lean though
Back in the town
Its Wednesday, and a great day to try out our new Unlimited leads and dialer package, one monthly flat rate.Contact #magnalogix 866.460.6611
We have some fun ideas about bringing you music!
John Brennan: "There is nothing in international law that bans the use of remotely piloted aircraft for [national self-defense]."
Sunday... Church, #NASCAR from 'Dega, and family...I'll take it ;)
Ain't nobody know it was birthday til I said something!
Miss the love of my life , need my running mate. You better be in Chi for my bday! <3
I'm so glad you are!
Lifelong process of knowledge gathering, collaboration & exploration is goal of liberal arts education
Swallowed a bug on my run today
Final Countdown- Ha!
Happy holidays to all
New kitten loves the blow torch.
I never liked typical hair salon talk. I wish my hairstylist didn't expect a convo/cut deal from me. Just meaningless chatter...
aw. Someone else said it and trust me she wasn't.
Jay Reynolds from Malice just shared the cover art for the new Malice album. Looks amazing! CD out in may, and he assures me a tour follows!
will u sell that In pill form or 2x4s to the face? If u choose the 2x4 form, I'd love to be a salesman for you...
I think that same guy was at Fado a couple of weeks ago. The Irish bartenders were having a field day laughing at him.
After seeing Blair Underwood on CNN I want to see A Streetcar Named Desire. Great reinterpretation & he doesn't seem so bad either.
so whats the excuse from lastnight?
Sweet, i'll see if i can drop by and hang some
lololol g-g-get it girl
THANKS.........UR WELCOME
They can't hang w/ us
« chilled at for a while today»
We will be close today and Wednesday...see you Thursday...Happy Jack
aren't you upset Stevey Baby is retiring?
Having a love/hate relationship with last night. Well done Jete... well done. ugh
Auburndale City Commissioner Jack Myers Q1 total is $26,990 for his Senate run to replace Paula Dockery.
The Radleys, by Matt Haig: lots of fun with vampires
#Vegas people - Artisan used to be really local friendly. Now, not so much. Where do you all go these days?
Thanks so much for the follow!
You obviously didn't see my hair lol
QT : tralalapreggers?tralala//you know I had uterine cancer and can't have kids, right?
A year ago.
watching coffee bar episode and just realized you are a fellow Packer and Badger. In college at the same time, grew up in GB
asdfg! I'm bored and my cat is making me mad >_>
happy birthday!
We be to rap what key be to lock
Ha Ha! You're absolutely right Jason.
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1862, Jefferson Davis declared martial law in Richmond & CSA authorities arrested several "Unionists."
I hate how now your name appears very litto im my inbox):
1st day off in a long time. Aint answering the phone if it's work, ain't checking email, ain't doing jack. I'm sure they'll survive-barely
it's a very impressive collection which makes a lot of the interactive experiences seem like addons.
Family xmas presents are done. Expensive, but done.
Does anyone know if Bmore's 32nd St/Waverly Farmers Market will be open Saturday? Some area markets are closing for Irene.
Yankee Candle #GrandOpening this Friday, March 9th
Was just there last night! The creme brulee w/butternut squash for desert was like a perfect pumpkin pie!
Sounds great! I'm looking forward to reading your tweets. :)
#BeforeYouExit love you guys. ♥
no problem! i am going to look into more for my company so I'll let you know if I find anything valuable.
yes please
to have #sales confidence, you must first build and develop your SELF-confidence. learn more about #sales #psychology in my ebook.
blergh. time to stop answering the phone today.
About to hit this shower......then bump until I fall asleep..
#nowplaying Here come Santa Clause
Sometimes you get so fustrated and burnt out on rehearsing and playing out you just need a break this is my first break in over 20yrs.
People watching at Villa Blanca in Beverly Hills.
Public library patrons browse; academic patrons search. Evocative dust jackets help for browsing; not so much for searching.
I hate how everyone puts #team____ !
lol! I think it was a tie!!
Santa clause brought me a new laptop:) #couldn'tbehappier:)
going on a cup cake run using my
Bobby the Fifth is gonna have a lot of patchwork to do tonight.
Of course! We can compare!
Hanging with the world famous (shoes in bag)
About to talk about with students at Via Skype!
ONE thing I found out in life...... KEEP GOD FIRST....period...that should be your FIRST LOVE at all times.
Butler has the heart of lions. Theyre not the most talented team left, but theyll out play any team left. Wis having off night
i love u so much<3 it was nice seeing you today! i really hope you see this<3
Sox skunk Yanks to give division to Rays--some small redemption for the season.
Downtown #Indy is Close to Perfect because where else can you eat, spend time on the canal, shop, go to a game, and enjoy yourself!
yes! I hate the panthers!
how was the left over Chinese? I hear it's better than Ryan's!
nothing much, working.
my goodness! how do you not put that in!
thanks! We really appreciate it
Have you bought your Easter candy? What's your all-time have Easter treat? We LOVE the Recces Eggs!
Thank you so much for the tweets! I really appreciate it. You're awesome!
Ah there's the
Interesting episode on the future of food, on now! Check it out Boston - 90.9
Or a cherry berry chiller from McDonald's.
Come on, newsfolks, it really is "marriage equality" not just "gay marriage". Watching at the moment, but it's rampant.
Blues and Booze Wednesdays! $5.00 Stoli Mixers plus enjoy the music of Alex Wilson Band 7:22 to close!
#ff my beautiful and talented wife
Im on a cell phone trying to get a finalist spot spent all my time tweeting you.
We're excited to announce that we'll be playing Reggies Music Joint in Chicago Sunday, March 18th at 8:45PM (2105 S State St.) More TBA
Yea I'm an asshole . Get over it
Every time I need a pick me up I go
You'll find me at coachella hittin a blunt with snoop and holographic tupac
omg brazil hahahahaha
So glad to see that update on my phone! Made my day!!
Really intrigued to see
Goldfish crackers are the only snacks that smile, probably because they're baked.
So it's offensive to blame white males for what they did? Lol
Thanks! Yankees, NY Giants Knicks, Rangers
what a cosigning, ass kissing, hop-on faggot you are.
Busy day ahead. #GOP Missouri 4th Congressional District Convention followed by #Warrensburg Schools Foundation Golf Tournament
Heading to Breckenridge for a ski trip. Hope an engine doesn't blow like last time I flew.
Call time is 7am on Thursday for the NCAA games at the Rose Garden. Almost makes me miss VYT school shows.
Pondering #mla12 panels #s495-Form & Ideology & #s541-Lit & Other Arts, which situated themselves adjacent to but not part of the #dh convo.
Robles Elementary lockdown lifted after two men rob a man on the street, and then crash their car. Deputies can't find either robber.
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were
Your's or are you quoting someone?
I did that earlier today with the kitchen cupboard. Not fun!
Just to be clear, considering he is at the Ryman tonight, Boozecamp is in now way affiliated with Mellencamp
Printing business is pretty competative in this tough economy. Most printers are willing to negotiate on price.
8 track tapes are so last decade. Cassette tapes can fast forward AND rewind!
You remind me of a girl, that I once knew...
MANE THE THAT TUPAC HOLAGRAM LOOK TO REAL .........I LOOK AT THAT JUNT TWICE
Gerrymandering used by state leg to design unusually shaped districts to aid maj party. States draw up districts.
congrats! next step: #RealLife success! Get it gurrrrrllllll
Your mom!
For the market rally we are in the end of month commit the cash phase. Not a time to get sucked in with the fund managers
diamonds in my ears, pradas on my zipper, gucci be da slippers DAMN IM FEELIN GIPPER
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.-Joseph Chilton Pearce
Im home sickk from school.. Can you please follow me? It would help me feel better:)
Just trying to stay young and hip! 😉
Looking for media sponsor for Tour dates.
Sipping coffee and waiting for noon and lunch w/ a friend in NYC to talk about writing program stuff. My coffee is made by Maker's Mark.
can you come on NWSports Tonight on AM860(CBS0 in Portland to talk about your article?
Thanks for the follows!! I need to start baking some cupcakes now! :-/
It's ORD, and it's not even close.
Oh wait, no, I'm sorry, that wasn't a question. I'm creepy. (Call.Me.Boo.)
We're buying new button pins. Anyone know any places with good prices? Thanks
The voting process in Wisconsin is ridiculously archaic. And I'm not just talking about the 90 year olds working the polling locations.
There's always that one song that reminds me of you
An apple a day will help you play! <3
I don't tweet; I squak!
And I was just about to ask title! “: I'm re-reading a book I HATED in grad school. Really like lots of it now.”
I was right there for you through everything & you were the one to leave me for her.
ok i am back
Brewers are one of the early games on Sat..... (Please be 11 EST)
I'm not gonna pretend to be someone I'm not for u cause evenly someone will love me for who I am..
sure can! Hope all is swell!
With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine.
Gmail users experience outage
And she's preggers
This rain putting me right back to sleep... Smh
everything is not for facebook
Time to do some more work on this team recruiting video with (Scarface's Emeritus >>> Classic) coming thru the speakers.
HI again! Sorry I've been off the radar. Food poisoning then work. YUP We will travel ANYWHERE Any excuse for Paris especially
Did you manage to have fun this weekend despite the rain?
Thank you!!
THis thanksgiving Im not during the headach with family stickin with just us two
LOL. well, that is a great reason to follow! Thanks!
you gotta embrace it though - the kids are growing up with this and don't know any different!
would love to host a 2013 practice rnd w/ u'all this summer. Drinks & BBQ 2 follow @ the new digs
Getting my Twitter profile up and running - sleepy day, supper's cooking, nice day off from work! :)
Heading to Leverage ConCon Convention Today downtown PDX (Portland for you outsiders!).
ha……. yeah, no. lol I'm betting he goes to Miami.
Clippers get the rebound after Grizzlies miss two free throw, but land out of bounds. Grizzlies get the ball back.
Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry. ~ Bill Cosby
If I can't watch Xavier I'll cheer for former X players that are now coaching. Go bobcats!
My mom refuses to get me my own coffee. I want coffee.. right now.
This had better be my last MRI for a while, that's all I have to say.
I need to get weirder.
I'm no good, girl, no good for you.
Also, last time: did proposal, got accepted, then did the research. That was weird.
I'm not saying I condone breastfeeding a 3yo but I'm not screaming in the streets about it. Should it be front page news, not to me.
blue screen of death
I don't get Homestuck either. It's like an old point-and-click adventure game but not.
Consider yourself followed! Haha
Loved the intense rainy day though it went away as quickly as it appeared.
April 16th show @ The Spot has been changed to SATURDAY APRIL 17 at the same location!
|#quotes In business, one of the challenges is making sure that your product is the easiest to experience and complete a sale.
Hah, really? Thanks for letting me know! I may awkwardly lurk there for a bit while too nervous to ask anything...
3RD #WINNER FOR NFL WEEK 2...COLTS/PHINS #TAKETHEOVER (42)...SHOULD BE A GOOD #MNF GAME.....GOOD LUCK TO EVERYONE!
Agreed! : What would have really been nice, ad about real top issues for #LGBT Americans, employment, not tax breaks 4 chosen few
You guys are very fortunate to have such a #classact guy like JG on your team. you are missed in Bmore!
“: Word on the street is is gunna be at cheeky tonight” true story!
Are you in DC?
Ha, nice. You gonna have the spot filled with groupies like Ben Folds lol. See if we have any more Son of Bazerk.
I'm rapping
go see I LOVE YOU PHILLIP MORRIS. it is a great film.
Me (singing to myself): "Hey I just met you, and this is crazy.." .. : "You've known me for like 9 years."
My dreams are playing games with me i swear lol,
I hate copy machines.
Next Saturday we are making food baskets for 90 needy families. You can provide a family a Thanksgiving feast for $45 www.feedchicago.org
Love how knew I was sitting home on my computer.. :O
Congrats, Matt! Sounds like a great fit for you.
Since the 1940's Republicans and corporations have blasted holes in our #labor rights RT organizing is a right not privilege
Client complimented me. Said I do good work and "Easy" to work with. Photogs, check ego at the door.
Hummingbirds are here. And in 50mph winds, too.
The new born ruffins is pretty rad.
guess what I'm #cooking tonight! Zuke pasta!
Instead of wondering what is the purpose of life, LIVE a life with purpose.
And we are looking forward to seeing them!
She said can u get a ringtone please....Umm ringtones are
did krazyk just rip ass all raunchy about it?
So you were the one that caused that to happen?!? Shame on you TX_RG...
Greinke's no decision is a perfect example why there shouldn't be a set playbook in baseball. Don't bring in a closer "just because"
☋ Anyone having a birthday today? Love this quote: “Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.”—Mark Twain
that's super cute :)
sounds like a challenge :)
shows picture of cardboard box full of digital media storage devices "this used to be our digital archive"
Same for Whitney. That show is shit
Money is the anthem of success, so put on mascara and your party dress.
oh huevos rancheros YUM! Now Im hungry!
Oh!! Congrats!! How exciting!!
thanks for following, you have some pretty good tweets (:
Almost everyone knows someone in the military. Share a photo and show us your hero!
FLORIDA GATORS BITCH!!!!!!!!! WOOHOOOO!!!!!!! (: GATORS. ALL THE DAMN WAY. GET DOWN BAMA
Ohh ok..looked a lil troubled
Full Strength. Delaware up 1-0. 8:20 left in the first
I don't get why people say duck? I think it's stupid, just go ahead and say fuck. FUCK! See how easy that was?
Stuart Scott, the master of overusing bad catch phases and glass eyeballs
and give lots of nappy rashes - not sure if it is really worth it
Future is the truth.
I'm tutally wilin' now! Where do I get my VIPs?
Unless the Lord builds the house, they labor in vain who build it; unless the Lord guards the city, the watchman stays awake in vain. Ps127
“: you got tix to the nuggets/lakers series?” yes sir..Friday/Sunday.
thanks for the RT!
On my hustle this morning gota get it !
She don't believe in shootin' stars, But she believe in shoes & cars..Wood floors in the new apartment, couture from the store's department.
I hope that social media helps people more than it harms them - Dear God, please let twitter make me money.
Stop in for a sandwich while you're on the north side cheerin' on the
heard that
Real talk, I need to remember this RT : People will be people... Why get surprised?
Know Before You Go! Lights! Motors! Action! Extreme Stunt Show will be closed for refurbishment from April 29-May 2.
thanks you :) RT No matter how many wineries I visit, none have a better red than the Reggae Red!
LOL beezys hahaha“: I just saw a chick sprinting in stilletos. Say what you want about LA girls, but these beezys are talented.”
lol well its about time missy! It took u 20years to follow me lol u still bored?
Whenever somebody talks about "simpler times," they usually mean a time when medicine sucked and everyone was crazy racist.
Thanks for the follow! Would love to see you at the conference!
BLAH!! when my cell phone rings i see the last numbers 7000 i shake! but no oh just wondering when your available to retest again... BLAH!!!
happy new decade in japan.
good morning gorgeous;)
and all of them look like me...
1/2 They are paperbacks. A little confused myself how to get them Google "World Book Night", check there Twiiter or...
Well, YEAH! lol. This sucks.
Hmm did you get a hit off me? No. And I couldn't help the score we were already getting pounded.
Our annual V-Day Fair will take place at Hunter on THURS, FEB 17TH! Stop by for music, baked foods & feminist revolution!
Well I guess that wasn't my 500th tweet.... Awkward....
Since my cat bit my nose her punishment is to let me hold her up my shirt because I'm cold and her furs so warm. It feels quiet good.
My mom bought me some more hot suace. Life is good. (:
Happy birthday to the coolest lil' bro I could ask for. Cheers, Marcus!
Hm....that's interesting.
Feeling is mutual! “: Thank you for the support! Love you guys.”
Cathy, I love what your doing. Do you have a blog or website? Outdoors Geek rents quality camping gear nationwide.
antique bourbon to celebrate
Watching "the king's speech". With all the Aussie-bashing the monarchy did, I now understand why this movie was big with the commonwealth.
ive been yelling YOLO all day for no reason!
Please send all the details to
Out for a min but ya boy is back!!
I need to feel better by tonight!!
Im not sick
We must keep the dream alive!GBMLKJ
This is AZ. Shoot them.
Gonna stay happy
I love people who can say the simplest things to me and cheer me up.
Q2. Funniest get up/outfit you've seen or worn while traveling
I am cooking dinner, kids are chopping up a pumpkin for the compost & husband is practicing fly fishing in the driveway. LOVE being at home.
Oh yes. Definitely. Just his page has no mention of Akron and "one more TBD" under the Puerto Rico heading.
what happened to "being best friends and talking everyday?"
Who brought pie and where's Tonya and Greg???
sorry I'm clearing out my timeline
clearly nobody likes me on here anymore...ive been slacking cause of school. im sorry :(
90cents and climbing ! awesome !!
The path to sales hasn't changed, but the journey has. Now people rely on search for answers.
If I see another " Free Whomever " teeshirt I swear... How bout when they get out, you give them a " Stop Doing Dumb Shit " tee shirt.
Be sure to follow Newark Pride Alliance CEO
Ricky Rubio looking impressive against Miami
@ in da mix live radio station
cheers bro and yuppers were Great thanks for asking and hope u guys r well down there :)
we aren't dating . but when I see you walking w/ someone else I just wanna punch them in the face
": Being dumped, cheated on and taken for granted is why many people choose to be single."
Oh my goodness, Goose! That's crazy!
Just found scribbled on scrap of paper: "book boner." Something I overheard at a book fair some time ago.
"So much F’d up crap happens in Florida" hehe
Happy Tuesday, it's going to be a great day with nice weather- join us on the !
Trying to calm down idek why I let someone get me upset im better then that
Feelin a little anxious about this dentist appt. ugh!! What music should I listen to during my surgery?
One full ticket? That would work. Thanks for the response.
The point is, writing code is not enough.
is it wing night yet?
where is the proof that he got kicked out of the bar? There is none. All rumours and hear say.
The decision has been made...
So cute! Can't wait to see the look book. xo
oh where oh where was Monchele today? hm. lol
Announcement on new Sequence Media Channels and online directories later today.It is going to be a VERY busy month as new shows roll out.
Guess ill b taking off work tomorrow too!
Jason H. Sherwood is speaking today to the American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers on Short Sales and Alternatives to Foreclosure.
Loves nights like these.
Sorry, man, I also produce. Thanks, tho.
I'm glad you looked it up !!
i forgot to tell her O:
Feel like I should do jumping jacks, push -ups, and maybe make some juice today. RIP Jack Lalanne
glad you agree. keep sayin' it. we love long beach...we love long beach ;)
Im so bored!
I wish he could just see..
Timeline is dead :) I could go for some fun tonight! Wahh
I HATE STARWARS :/
don't hate the player, hate the game.
Puzzle is complete :)
I'm sure its all rumors .
Sorry I missed this. He's incredible! Everyone is predicting a linebacker, so I'm satisfied! RT Thanks! How is the little one?
Who has time to watch (care about) regular season games? Not me! Come October... go #Braves!
RIP The great Earl Scruggs, An American original
Even my TL isn't keeping my attention. This is a problem
Have a super great day planned with
Whatever! You are totally gonna rock it.
Damn it, Jerry, indeed. Thoughts on The Office?
OKC & Celtics in finals!! I got 5 on it
People get creative making money on eBay - selling big ticket items: life, house and love, lunch and now even vote! WOW.
If you had 15 minutes with the head of a department, what questions would you ask to discover training/development needs?
good night school tomorrow!
duly noted
maybe if the fans hadn't acted like a lunchroom wrestling crowd, we'd go back. racial taunts, objects thrown, fans hurt, etc.
Anything new coming out in the near future?
Salon^PK is now open! Call (904) 636-0787 to schedule your appointment.
#haiti Follow Shelterbox USA tweets @ their new site Lets support this org that brings shelter /supplies to victims in need
is my dream boy!<3
Excellent news...reservations needed for small parties?
Not in person. So no.
should help him cover that bounces check out west..
lol for the time being
Although he's undoing his sisters bra with his spare hand. Pretty baller.
Ok #ronroberts says I can go to bed. I am taking his advice. It's been fun. Glad I didn't play the drinking game.
Watching the dopest documentary on QED, its on hip hop and sampling. Turn it on if you're at the crib.
I guess I'm not nice. Oh well lol
Do you remember it? :)
And baptized her little sister Rebecca today!
Starting this day bright and early by subbing for some baby ballerinas at BDC! Perfect! :)
Rebecca has been cooking for me again at Publix ;)
OMG....really tho!!!
#ifyoudontknowmebynow tweet me! get to know me :)
I bought a popstar magazine just so I could read your part (: I dont even like magazines. Hehehe
Why doesn't have pull to refresh?
If you wish to know what a man is, place him in authority.-Proverb
That was my first thought too.
Yum! Aren't they awesome?! :) RT Loving this ice pop tampico flavored
Pick all 4 sides and bet em big with bookmakers, just chino the bookmaker u lose with,
Been following for a bit now and he's always on responding to every tweet he gets! That's pretty commendable.
It Requires authorized numbers; Mine is not one. Not fair to neighbor for me to ask to add my 5 phones to MicroCell.
Sup bro!?!? I speak to you but you don't respond back. How bout some RT love? WTF?!?!?!
Wow a must see! Historical Korean re-creations with teddy bears??!! Crazy!
1 day left till the #pitch conference at Mountain View! A gathering of intelligent, dynamic, entrepreneurial, and tech-savvy women!
tell all of your friends to come!!
I need to start on birthday plan.s for NX month
#nascar the driver r driving better and safer
Social business integrates social media into entire org and business processes -
I predict that LeRoy Butler loses the card with GB's 2nd Round pick on it and just wings it at the podium.
love you! Yeah true, but I feel bad about it bc he's like obsessed now
too bad I am meeting friends to watch CL final. Good luck!
Do you ever look at your mentions and laugh or are we not funny enough?
Good Morning! Stop by and try some Mr. Nice(G13x HP), Strain of the day at a reduced donation :)
RT : Greed tempts the man who lacks self control, whereas the contented man, knows that everything he needs will come his way.
is really dumb enough to believe the goofy things he says, but are voters that stupid?
Town Council workstudy tonight 530pm. Levels of Service Budget discussion related to Legal Services, Recycling and Transportation.
lol yes yes you do
Well put...LaRussa is just a pile.
bitch bought me rocawear I told her take that shit back
Is anybody actually in defo and wanting to do anything tonight??
Our buddy Iris Leonardo will be headlining at the house of blues this thursday! She got mad skills so go check her out!!
I uploaded it on the way back to my desk. Now you're sure.
#20thingsaboutme ; my favorite color is lime green. (;
A coworker was excited until I told him it probably wasn't British.
Just got stung by a BEE! !! IF YOU KNOW ME , you know i hate FUCKING BEES! !!
Tim burton is a beast
Not that big of a fan but dang you guys are cutee ;) You guys should do a song with :D
ps have fun and stay out of trouble ;)
I give up. That is the MOTHER of all decorative flasks.
ha!!! Have a safe trip both you and POL!!
RT : I'd be more into the Oprah show being over if we got to sink her and turn her into an artificial reef at the very end.
taco belle for dinner . hell yeah
Re-designing my company site - MAM5ive Creativegroup V2 coming soon...
If a tomato is a fruit, then isn’t ketchup technically a smoothie?
gotta love those typos... meant to say your... Must be the excitement of the day, haha. Cheers, Christine! ;-)
“: #MettaWorldPeace>>>” what the hell was he thinking?
A company got paid and then never stayed in touch or kept his clients updated. Where's the number?
I love my nights that are spent with my love
The American Civil Liberties Union...ACLU...has a Socialist agenda!
A night of reflecting on why I am THANKFUL that God allowed me the AMAZING CHILDREN that call me "MOM"
I would guess. some have serious allergies, stomach disorders, gluten intolerance... others don't... etc etc.
Words out project runway is casting for the new season! Get apps in by 3/15
Nokero is so pleased about the distribution made by One Million Lights to families in the Philippines.
next time! got an on-campus meeting so will be in office tomorrow. will send good vibes to #rva #coworkers!
The Battle of Puebla. French defeat, Mexican victory, margarita not invented yet.
My phone is deciding to be dumb.
RT Music video this weekend--- follow to get exclusive footage of behind the scenes
amazing meal in the sun @ Iron Cactus with and
just heard that last smash from my Chi-town fam.
What does success mean to you? Is health a factor in enjoying it? Is health a factor in achieving it?
Happy Friday!
Now we're having dessert! M vanilla key lime & honey chiffon cake!
when are you back in the westside??? I miss you!!
No Youth Court this weekend! Also, please be aware that our offices are closed Thursday, November 11th in honor of Veteran's Day.
I want to put a hole in this wall.
Thank you for the follow.. Now following back. Look forward to the info. Please send any questions you might have...
*blushing* Thank you so much for the wonderful wishes. You are too much! Hope to see you soon!!
hahahahahahah (x omg too funny
I was under the impression Shaquille O'Neal tweeted at least 10 times a day.
It's a New Year, but the same Lions in Lambeau.
Me: "I'm a wizard", Friend: "Then prove it", Me:"Sorry I can't, No magic outside Hogwarts."
Im working through a list of names right now. thanks for sending me ur girl.
The nice thing about living amongst college kids, is that when u want to party, you can tell them to go STFU, but sucks when u want quite.
When your away too long, it feels as if apart of me is gone.
RT : Cruise.com Sales/Customer Service Trainer Needed! Email resume to
todays my first day of summer break.....bout fuckin time
aight! Woo and summer is coming up! Woohoo!
D3 Brings LED Display Technology to Landmark New York City Theatre Venues; Introduces First LED Marquee Display in ...
#PiratesoftheCaribbean on repeat now. #HansZimmer still doing work
still awhile-that decision belongs to distributor after post is finished “: So when is coming out?”
« « To get to a #Gemini 's heart is you have to get through their head, they like a challenge.»»
former? :P
watching movies not shot for 3D is like listening to music through tin cans
boyfriend video made us wet OH MY GOD IDSOYSDIG HAHAHHAHAHA
The one time a ribbon cant help me.
I am in CA and didn't know that! Do you know who we connect with to get our #sandiego teens involved?
changed my username back. i wasnt feeling the new one :))))
did you pass La Washa? That's where I went to middle school.
At my bestfriend's house ^.^
No #shutdown. Back to plan A. Just wish Plan B were not such an issue for the fundies.
It's a perfect week to winterize your gardens. Cutting down perennials, mulching and planting tulip time is now!
NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER! They will never get it.
Most of these girls from dance are FAKE as fuck!
Putting the vasectomy off too long wasn't a good idea: looks like #4 is on the way.
Thank you ! And for your continued support! :)
Thank you! Share it with your followers
Let B.C.N. provide you with reputable ,prescreened contacts from all over the world .
Your turn (: follow back? :D
There's always one in every crowd. I wonder if i have ever been that one.
That was very well said, Alcides!
I have never used the word polecat, written or spoken!
Waiting file my aunt then I'm off to Seminole till Thursday night :)!
my english teacher workin them heels!! haha ;)
Bob Stokes~ The world is proof that God is a committee.
ps...starting the circle...
Come on NBA. Bring in some talent for the dunk contest like the good old days. Blake, bron and howard. Shit is weak!
#WeWontWork If you still listen to your bestfriends.
being blunt aint wrong :-)
I need to get back in the gym
but it was the best soup ever! I know it sold because you ran out sometimes. This is like the Starbucks molasses cookie conspiracy!
How to spend a saturday night??? Answer: watching Selena duh!!!!
Just noticed you were on the board of Digital Harbor Foundation! Hope to connect with you soon!
Welcome to the dark side!
In the past 24 hours I have had 3 tests, 1 quiz, 1 presentation, and a lab report due. My spring break has officially begun!!!
Just Fuck It ..
all good again :)
A truly tragic loss.
I always act like I dont care , but on the inside I really do care.
When all the trees have been cut down, when all the animals have been hunted, when all the waters are polluted, when all the air is unsafe …
thats fine! But i have two, they are both called photo collage, ones red blue and yellow and the other one says phc on it!
our brainwaves were crossing, just said the same thing re: australian egalleys
Shut it down
Been thinking of trading in my Lexus for the new GS. I keep getting ads online that just tease me and are getting me closer to doing it!
Twitter: n: A device for playful banter without showing you my 9,000 boring pictures.
Apocalypse 2012: *It will all be over soon*
Book your ski vacation now - # join other sexy couples for a swingers weekend on the slopes of Breckenridge! #
hat (a #mlb #kcroyals model) was long gone by then.
looking forward to our webseries. It is going to be fun!
No It A Be Gone By The Morning
i just got an idea to make an OMMWriter email client. this is the only idea i've ever had that i felt passionate about at all.
Don't forget, Skybox has $3 garlic fries & $2 bud lights during all mariner games !
lmao RT : #RideOrDieStans RT shout out to all the real heat fans who are still keeping the faith this post season
you meant, Geaux Saints. But I won't tell anyone.
I wish it were true about parenting today. My grandmother hasn't talked to my mother in 10 years, hasn't met my daughter or nephews..
I'm playing skyrim and just can't figure out what to do but climb mountains.
I'm Swiftie, too. It's good know it :]
....is it acceptable to put "Office"? I've used Excel & Access a lot, which far fewer people have Word.
what up bro?
What's a guy gotta do to get some followers, huh?
#TheVoice Ducky was much better than some people who have already made it through. :(
If you see the shirts & think I need a bigger one get a Large! Lol!
This drag just scared the ish out of me n wanna start screaming!!
4 losses for Cuse Lax now. Might need to win out (& probably will) to get NCAA bid. #Craziness RT MLAX: Correction. 12-6 Cornell win.
good to meet you at the edcamp mtg. I'm teaching debate this summer. you have any super lessons I can borrow?
