Had a drug test today which led to me drinking mass amounts of water & drowning my body..threw up a gallon of straight water
Hello! Nice to meet you
Both me and my dog at home are extremely frightened.
Got blue dream in my blunt...wanna smoke
Playing at Fazzler hall in Tulsa with Fiawna Forte , Dec 10th. Come say high .
it was amazing to hear her story!
Damn its hot in TEXAS
Anyhwhoo isn't it funny that if u have an iPhone u are a cool kid BUT without one you are not normal! Even the colors on the texts
I just cannot believe Donna Summer died. I didn't like most of her songs, but they were still worth listening to...
Follow me please :D
Motionless in White
OH in my house: "The Workplace StackExchange is so much nicer than the Cooking StackExchange." // who knew?
is this suppose to be funny b/c Bob Bach is a man?
np. Also, the astars collab is sick. Keep up the great work.
I don't want to jinx anything.. but overall I'm really impressed with Mat Gamel's game so far this season. RBI ties it at 1 in the 2nd
matts grad was today goof. I told u that lol
obama has a twitter?
I need to quit pop my sister just got a fizzy water I need to start drinking those instead!
Note to self: pick up some Schweddy Balls from Ben & Jerry's on the way home.
Great to hear about your good progress. Stay strong. We need ya back. Safe travels
If your child takes piano lessons, he or she may enjoy seeing a baby grand piano made entirely of fabric. Bring the family to SECCA.
From the bottom to the top: Is Evan Gattis the next Josh Hamilton? - Through The Fence Baseball
It's hot outside & I do not like it one bit. No I do not.
Hello Dr Norman. Thanks for the connection. I look forward to hearing from you often.
love you bro 😘
I want a tattoo on my neck ASAP
Rewatching the season premiere of Mad Men in anticipation of tonight's episode.
Aldridge the All-Star.
Love is so blind; it feels right, when it's wrong
Our flag by Betty Brinn is half mast. Anybody know why?
Matt Morgan has used up all his TNA dates. After being beaten down by Bully Ray last week, I wouldn't be surprised to see him back in WWE.
I want to get a tattoo today ! not sure what to get tho
Teaching people and organizations how to overcome adversity with my "Key Steps to Success" I learned growing up in an orphanage.
if it's nice this week lets sail!
You're welcome! Congrats on an amazing accomplishment! I'm so impressed!
“: CANT WAIT FOR SUMMER!!!” TO SEE AUSTINS SHIRTLESS PICS
lol no bro. I see your tweeting, but when I'm on sometimes you're not haha.
Yea man Let Go get it this Summer
I love she is so beautIful
I like my steak so rare that when you poke it, it still says moo.
“ “ The best relationships are the ones you never saw coming ♥”
What a beautiful fall day, leaves everywhere and extremely windy, once again, leaves everywhere :D
": Shout out to thanks for following"Your Welcome #TeamFollowBack.!! <3 :)
Check out my pecs though
i've been playing with jeenodes and the awesome jeerev/jeemon framework all day. blogpost forthcoming!
damn dude you're a machine. Love the 2.0 tee btw. Nice job on the whole line!
#instantClassic RT : Jessica Simpson has already taught her daughter everything she knows.
lol have a party
carrot cake for my mom's birthday
What a tragic start to Sporting Lisbon season. Many pundits picked them to finish 2nd behind Porto.
Vampire Weekend, Walcott
It's official: #CIFF for the 36th I always like to have my hash in order
I just received my iKlip in the mail. It's an adapter to attach my iPad to a mic stand. Might be time to start a podcast!
Can everyday have this weather???
Heard the Cello Street Quartet in Montgomery Station, made my morning. "Nothing Else Matters."
you just want someone to mention yo ass
Hey, check out Emily Lacy's 99 Times at the Long Center on April 25 and 26th, 8pm, $15 #W&TW
#MessageToAllGirls - chill out.
girls like that?
Was just informed that 40k visitors came by the museum yesterday. Hiding out today.
just taking some time out to say #THANKYOUGOD for blessing me, my family, and friends .. :-)
Happy New Year 2012! May you have a Healthy, Wealthy and Prosperous year!
Isn't that a remarkable saying that says it all? Makes your heart zing! Thanks for mention. :0 Have a great day!
Congress has unanimously elected Henry Knox, Esq. Colonel of the Regiment of Artillery for the Continental Army.
RT : In case you missed it, you've got to see #Badgers coach Bo Ryan in the locker room after the win at OSU. Video:...
wanna talk about it?
Wedding Planning..
Good Show today
when you going to do the video drop for the AZ show?
The last two songs after the climax in a musical always bore me. Come on, The Producers. I don't want to snuggle.
I need some book suggestions to read over the break. Difficulty: I read FAST, so need 4-8 books. What's your fav recent read?
Unfortunately no, I'm playing pit crew for my husband who is in a bike race that weekend.
Chillin at annas house, finally got wayde to sleep so we can relax
Just for fun:Did you know Elvis's favorite sandwich was Peanut Butter and Banana on White Bread, and the whole thing fried in butter!
Loved "Come Fly Away" tonight. Energy + Style! Fabulous show! #sinatra #twylatharp. Reminded me of Sophisticated Ladies
Had to make my own dinner
Barfly comes to mind 1st, when it comes to booze, film, great acting & a tragic story.
good morning! tonight is the real show!! oh man im so hyped! 40 thousand people?! crazy!! -Dumbo
Ah my baby is the best I tell em I want this and this for a breakfast his really coming out his way to bring it to me :)
great song. Love Paul Simon
good time tonight!!
try me
Revel United blown away by awesome presentations at #brandmanagecamp, even talking about our favorite topic
Totally not watching the rest of the game. Thank me later Packer fans.
loved your new post--definitely got my day off to a good start
Between their fish'n and Shep (non-lamb) pie, I've never had anything else there.
Dr. Ernest Suarez to host - Four Forms of Contemporary Verse: Confessional, Deep Image, Blues, and Southern Narrative
We've ended our first day of the grants panel. We start up again tomorrow at 9 at Indiana Landmarks. Follow for more info.
Rick Santorum is on. excuse me while i *BLECHHHHHH*
Aren't they terrible? I'm going to switch my client to a local bank with awesome customer service.
1800 playoff games and only 7 times a home team shot under 10 free throws.......can you tell I'm a Celtics fan?
Glad to follow!
Is my one and only best friend even thoe she be acting funny :)
Looking for 120 men in San Diego to put on a dog suit. July 22. 5'10" to 6'2". Caucasian, outgoing and fun. with contact
it's always fun to dream... Kegs of boulevard would definitely hit the spot!
"If you want creative workers, give them enough time to play." John Cleese Actor, Comedian, Writer, and Film Producer
Good idea...going to Ojo in May...can swing by there RT Puye Cliffs!
RT Sign me up! invited to perform at the Maybe consider a show for too? bit.ly/spRkpZ
haha well... I mean maybe a neighbor will go with you bc I won't be home.
next time u should invite ;)
thanks, but showing peeps around is too much fun to be work!
Thanks for all the press lately w/
Not to worry, we'll have a lot of BEA Live Streamed & updated via our social channels & more.
Any word on the job David Bell's doing as Mgr. here in Louisville? Been to a few games, team seems lost....
Make us your No. 1 source for all your social media and online marketing needs.
thank you, thank you, thank you; feeling deep appreciation for all the many gifts the moment offers.
I've got a bad case of the I'm so fucking tired's.
Very excited to be going to Burns Harbor for the next test for \m/
Nice way to end the week! RT : Class was beautiful. So inspiring! :)
The way you look should be a sin you my sensation
The Big Bill Heywood trial about the Steuneberg assassination. Darrow for the defense, Borah for the prosecution.
Hate when young GIRLS!! Be all in other WOMEN business like they don't have anything else to do... I take care of me, you don't so stop it!!
Thanks. You too
my doc still uses a typewriter (he is 70). Hmm maybe that is not a good thing
6 boxes of brownies were just delivered to the office. You really pick great days to miss work...
At tesuque village market with lovely and Mo. Sun blasting on patio. Beer is cold. Tequila is interesting. Guacamole fresh.
Happy Monday! We are here and ready to help you relax during the busy holiday season!
Couldnt agree more! RT your camera shots SUCK at the BE tourney!
Lie on your stomach with your arms at your sides. A party associate will arrive shortly to collect you for your party.
You're my favorite as well love! d:
Roadtrip! Destination: Richmond VA — with at James Madison University.
Getting group texts on an android<
I'm going to go ahead and make a lil highlight mix from the game and a half we recorded last weekend.
Thank you, DeAnn! Maybe our paths will cross down your way ... never know!!
When the fox cannot reach the grapes he says they are not ripe. ~ Greek Proverb
When a MAN LOVES A WOMAN!SO refreshing!
So I was surfin the interNATE and I decided that I should tweet you.. Love you bro! :D
that's why we drink lol
Let me help you clearly identify areas to be targeted for improvement and reinforcement.
are you moving to California for the show!!?
oh my that's funny!!
4th day n a row u've walked by the studio & I haven't recognized u. What's w/ the lookin' all pretty?
Herring with Immigrant song teases during Henry Parsons
your exhibit should visit the ww2 museum in Nola!
gunnin' for the threepeat!!! GO SOUNDERS GO!
ya know he told the locals here in Seatown to check out profile.
Any idea what I can open a .cr2 file with? Raw photo file sent by a client. PS CS4 doesn't seem to like it.
The only fool bigger than the person who knows it all is the person who argues with him.
Why did iWait the last couple days before prom to make up all this time ??
Perfect morning in #dc!
sad but true
self discipline training: having leg covered in 2day old itchy fireant bites, & not only not scratching, but observing how difficult that is
who wants to hang out after the show and share story's...
Kristen Stewart Gets Sexy With Garrett Hedlund On ‘Jalouse’ Magazine Cover
ah yes... don't tell anyone, but it happens to the best of us! ;)
naa its we have the most haters. Heat fans even talking shit , like I understand okc fans but everybody else can take a seat. Lol
Good game right here
Downside? 71% of your tweets are ignored. 1 hr after msg: it's ancient history. Can be time suck.
Thanks so much for the support! Glad the food was up to par....come and check us out again!
Dear hawk auto. If all you had in your budget was that you should have paid someone to make a pop on the competitions site
We hope you feel and look amazing on this special day!
I try to be! ;) But I will be there Wednesday!
Thanks for the RT!
Those annoying guys that like every girls picture on facebook..
lol it could be worse. Typically, we have on the Hits 1 station, which plays the same songs every damn hour. I can't stand it.
#KeyMarkX4 class - Q10/last one: True or False: KeyMark key blanks are only available to contracted dealers and end users.
SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING FOR NORTHEASTERN CIBOLA, NORTHWESTERN BERNALILLO, NORTHWESTERN VALENCIA AND SOUTH CENTRAL SANDOVAL COUNTIES ,,,
The worst part of surgery is the recovery. First session of physical therapy tomorrow is gonna hurt! super excited....
I do miss Dion's Thursdays...
North Dakota!!
Whom Rush claimed was paid with his ducat This proved such a lie There arose an outcry And his sponsors were moved to just chukit
Hello Booze!
Kipnis will do it.
A little concerned after reading the #voxnight thread. Who was the
Try beer, always brightens up my workday.
ATTENTION WORLD: Is no longer a twitter virgin! #FOLLOWHIM FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW!!
MMA FIGHTS USA vs BRAZIL AND MEXICO vs KAZAKHSTAN JAN 29TH 2011 LOCATION VEGAS BOOK YOUR ROOM NOW CHOOSE FROM 8 DIFFERENT HOTELS
like who decided to make madonna the halftime show......FUCKIN KILL YOURSELF
what i never see you
We got a new segmant that we do every other day. "Shout Out" segment. When you give us a shout out, we give you an audio call out!!
I swear I think they try to find the dumbest people in America to be on Wife Swap.
Brady is the only nfl player I excuse for UM ties. Everyone has faults. UM is his. Giselle is a Buckeye fan.
Jenny you got the spam!
very interesting. I have ADD and take strateta.which seems to invoke my filtering capability. This seems to do the opposite
Cool! Looking forward to your thoughts! Please be as honest as you can! Also - if you found any typos let me know..
Awesome day!!! So far!!
I alwaays knew u were a CHEATER!
where is your mom
At strategy meeting w nat'l repro rts orgs, , GOP must be dragged into 21st century kicking & screaming
Does anyone know a telstra tech? Urgent job will be well looked after. Melb cbd area
RT : Don't miss 10 Connects Morning Show anchor Keith Jones filling in for Reggie tonight at 11:00.
Love don't live here anymore
sitting down after work is the most amazing feeling ever
chloe come with me and hugo this 500 days of summer sneak in the amityville horror of the texas killing fields and let me in.
What a fun day!
"It pays to be a winner" -SEALs
i love john cena too he's my favorite superstar :)
Morning workouts throw your eating patterns off? Try a snack or liquid meal before and follow the workout up with a well balanced breakfast
just hopped on the train. So ready for day drinking, mani/pedis, and a night on the town Mili style <3
I heard about it :(
Yikes! CB
Let's go boys!
Heading to for a night that will go down in rock history!
Shots shots shots! Oh wait we're at the vet. Sorry Banchi
Early morn meeting on main campus, hooding in evening, and commencement Saturday - sigh, too busy to tweet, catch up later
apparently my 5 year old cousin has a boyfriend named jello lmao
I think I can actually be an evil person
stop by the UNDERGROUND WONDER BAR; I'm swingin hard w/ my favorite daddy, Rob Block on guitar & piano 8pm-10:30! 10 East Walton St.
your blog posts get better and better. I thought a lot about this subject after watching "Midnight in Paris" then visiting AICN.
man i REALLY do be on time for shit, but i swear MARTA dont wanna see a nigga succeed
I keep hoping. In the way one does when all hope is gone.
had a dream i lived in Carnegie hall w/ Bill Cunningham and his file cabinets.
He doesn't even need acting classes. He's perfect :3
Gave my mom her gift, the expression was less than i expected. :/
still no FIOS for you?
first thing I heard on the radio this morning: #whiteybulger captured in Cali. they were playing Jack Nicholson clip "I smell a rat"
Want to see a kid smile? Let them have chocolate milk with their kid’s meal.
Wow! What are the ingredients?
don't worry! Our classic Pumpkin Pie flavor I'm sure will be coming back to all 4 shops between now and Thanksgiving!
I can't wait to smoke a fat cigar and sit by the bonfire.
Bravery is not the absence of fear, it's courage in the face of fear. Quote from celebrityapprentice
7389. do it.
uhh my roommate was on the team lol but whatever..i guess God will find u athletic girl when ur ready i guess :)
ProLogis CEO on Fox: "Momentum is moving in the right direction. Sales growth, consumption growth = inventory growth."
Whiskey Tango is food, fun and entertainment. Downtown Hollywood is blowing up with free parking!!
..........damn I need to be downtown right now lmao
My teacher filmed jeopardy? Hahaha.
The best person to talk to about the problems in your relationship is the person you're in a relationship with..
CASTING! Do you know a couple that are in a bad relationship? Do they need a love intervention? Email your story at
thanks for the follow.
lmao you only want love on vday como everyother girl ya only hit me up today cause is vday smh
Hello sir, wishing you all the best in your future endeavors. God Bless you from the DAMG ENT. LLC Fam!
Current OOH Outlook for 2012: Q1 was slow to ramp up however is achieving numbers greater than 2011. Q2 is seeing very high activity
Yes! RT : The function of the artist is to make people like life better than they have before.
Not going to share. Promise :).
very true.. People unknowingly contribute to your success with their ignorance..
Thanks! RT: “: I've heard good things about Happy Hour doings ! #hh everyday from 5-7pm!
All I Need Is Mary Mary Mary Ain't Fuckin Wit No Other Drug-
STOP, in the name of love, before you break my heart! You're following the wrong Fluid - were just now not Fluid_Inc Pls switch over!
hahaha. People still wear grills?
I don't need a perfect relationship; I just need someone who won't give up on me. <3
So exists once again -- mostly as a dumping ground for TMI Tuesday. Follow it now. Or not. DO WHAT YOU WANT, MANG.
There is no harm in thoughts until we attach to them as if they were true. - Byron Katie
Sorry that's
Billy V: May 15, 2012 (HawaiiNewsNow) - Billy V has all the latest entertainment news including who will be the new X Factor judges!
no..and i dont think i never will be okay </3
So many pretty girls, awesome dresses at #NuestraBellezaLatina in Most of the contestant are of Native American roots, real sexy.
That is hilarious! That is the type of thing that i worry will happen to me...because they do.
Thanks for the RTs and for favoriting our tweet :)
we both love your music<3
thats how i feel with greyson. thats y i love him so.
So we might differ on some policies, but we agree on the nature of civil discourse. That's a victory we can share, right?
omg!! is following me, my life is now complete. <3
If someone could explain why editing a page in wordpress kicks out the youtube code for an embedded link and how to avoid it I'd be grateful
PLEASE tell to follow me, it would mean everything!<3
Seems a little wasteful
A vibration is a motion that cannot make up its mind which way it wants to go.
Friday night fights @ Harrahs in AC with ESPN
Love the song "true affection" by the blow.
Is paw paw available for purchase?
Hate fake people, and they're only girls!! I've never met a fake guy.
up big at half. Still need to ease up on the turnovers
I'm pretty sure we decide on June 16 and we might meet up next weekend cuz some ppl couldnt come
Just left the gym. Thursday is the new Friday
Making the world a more beautiful place 1 face at a time : )
when are we gonna track Gotye together? That song's been my head all day :D
Thank God for shoe cleaner
How was dinner last night? What was your favorite dish and where?
word count deflated my argument.
Game 7 OT... This is where men are made
I still love "killer bod" :]
no, keep tweeting, keep playing! #tgif420 indeed!
well, what fuels dreams, like the core message? Subconcious? Daily events? Things that are bothering oneself?
hail in Brooklyn..
Its got 7 game potential it David West can return to all star form and Hibbert shows up.
In the A.J. Burnett deal the Yankees will also give the Pirates $20 million
I'd flip that. The Ravens are lucky to have a Top 5 OC that lacks an offense who knows how to use me. #IMadeFlacco/Rice
I feel like there's a weight off my shoulders
no. Do it
happy bday! Sweet hat!
may I have it?
LeBron hogs the ball, and the team loses. What a surprise. Selfishness
thats all i been saying
yeah it's amazing. I want to know how many teams have a plan in place for their victory in social before the game...
LOL, All of the sb talk is making you nauseous eh? I feel your pain! I will send you some names in the next tweet.
So, how was The Weeknd at Coachella? Any reviews of the live performance?
You are most welcome and thanks for the RT, Anita...I really really appreciate it!
Next show in Tulsa is May 4th at Downtown Lounge! We will have all the juicy details in just a few days!!!! -J
I'm gonna slap u twice backhand/forehand.... From Maggie and I
"PROS and CONS:A Fantasy Football Movie" www.imdb.com/title/tt1626197/ Starring EARL BROWNING, I, STACY CUNNINGHAM, LANCE EAKHEART! RT! RT
Can someone please make a catch?
Knowledge is power, but enthusiasm pulls the switch. - Ivern Ball
I might need a cupcake. Stat.
in all actuallity i want to say spank you to all my followers, you really spanked me hard baby, oh wait i got carried away. O_o
"Ask Him Where He Got Them From, Because They Dope A'F.!
Surviving this massive amount of family time by pretending they are mental patients and I'm their case manager.
I will stand with you!
Quote of the Day: Look at life through the windshield, not the rearview mirror
Vortex 2 fourth dimension...go go go
I am so pleased to be working toward a new career in voice overs today.
its a would we can only dream of. Then....derby w yoyos!
Smart Water Tip: Set your #irrigation system at three, 5-min. intervals to let the soil absorb more water, reducing runoff.
yo gap so big i can kick a field goal thew it "IT'S GOOD "!
Hoping a trip to Tampa in July works out! Too excited
hey pete. I changed my twitter name. Fyi John
There will be another round of the MDA Boot Drive on May 3, 5 and 12.
They'll say what they say, but they'll never say enough.<3
O Branch of Jesse, come to deliver us!
anyone have any questions that you want me to ask the members of X today? we're interviewing them for the Punk Show @ noon!
Using the same method as I travel slowly up to the thighs trailing soft kisses on that golden flesh as I go along my way. :-)
Finally went to see Safe House.. VERY good!!
not to be eavesdropping but ... this is some next-level 4sq addiction. well done to all parties.
Hahaha, yeah, I'm THAT girl. It wouldn't have been so bad if he had cleaned it up right away. But nope. He left it there.
Oh, man. Did I learn some hard lessons on CakePHP and ACLs today. Horrible documentation. Well, time to start blogging and documenting, then
He insists that while he was filling a rat hole last week, three came running out - but he was only able to nail one.
We'll be at the show next month to showcase our banners and #mascots. Will you be there too?
Can't fall asleep... So I decided to study more. That will definitely make me fall asleep.
I will tell you that Elance is a great avenue to explore if you need assistance. is also a wonderful option.
#Aries ... Be ready to start the next part of your journey because there's no going back.
I think I'm dangerously close to not believing in college.
I know exactly how you feel : I think I am a little too multi-talented LOL”
RT : Mike Brown should have a seat.
they are top five...Michigan is gonna be sick with burke, hardaway, and their recruits coming in
Zoo be zoo be zoo...
It would be cool as hell to have Aaron do work for your band, pretty hard to get in touch with him.
now just abruptly got up and left, so confused
Instead of telling god about your big problems, tell your problems about your big god. ~Ralph Emerson
good morning!
Exhausted and happy-so many warm wonderful guests at #MamasDay2012. See u next year!
Exactly why we love you.
i would have flipped my shit
It is NOT cool to text your dearest friend and say you are pregnant KNOWING she will totally fall for it. APRIL 1st is NOT COOL!
i know. I was just messing with u lol. Have a goodnight.
This is gonna sound racist,but ya be naming your babies after cars,skin creams,colors,color crayon brands & now music albums!?
I myself am entirely made of flaws, stitched together by good intentions ;) x
Wondering why I even bother with all of this work doing a Web site. Nothing but drama, stress and slandering.
looking for a java team lead based here in austin!
= BEST IN THE WORLD
I love you with a passion<3
I hate it when tall people wear heels. Way to make me feel like an ant
Have you gotten your $10 off coupon for a massage today? Go to www.massagedc.com to get yours!
Finally beautiful weather in NY. There may be a drought this summer but who cares, isn't the world supposed to end anyway?
haha you know it!
ha. No. The city I live in just outside of Boston :)
Have been busy with travel and producing , fascinating documentary about journey to raw food & health, featured
i love your background :) its sexy ^_^
those fucking bastards!
": You know yur in the city when yu can't find a parking."iWillPark will solve that!
I say cool a lot
When ur a wrestler, acne is a real biatch!!!
Ahah yea :] I was gonna give you a ride! But my mom said no! O.o
And last time was your last time
Going to see Trev in his Karate class!!
My son was completely garbled at two... and the speech therapist smoothed it all out. His progress was staggering.
I'm addicted to Machinarium.
got u yo
I think I'm going to Rvc
Love Dont Cost Ah Thing So Ah Nigga Want Change!
Start a record label?
So my job called this morning to ask if I can come in...
lol you wish
One hour til game time!
Am I the only one that finds massages intimate even when not sexual? Can't let a stranger do it, feels weird.
Gm! I'm up too early. Going to read, shower, back to bed.
That's how my room was my first year in college. Friday morning class? Forgetaboutit.
Good energy to all those living in New York City and particularly
can't deal with the smell of the cows outside.. Never tried it. Bet it's fresh meat though
sounds like you're not using haml...
Is your idea that the more robust circumventions of SOPA will yield a decentralized de facto replacement for the DNS?
yo you have my number so call me maybe
“A ship in the harbor is safe. But that’s not what ships are built for.”
I would rather be going to school than work right now.
Oh....The Wedding Planner...not The Wedding Singer...changing the channel.
I don't want you, that ship sailed. I just want something other than this.
#ihurt we fight. I with it could stop but it doesn't I'm sorry for making mistakes I really am. I'm also sorry if you think I'm the mistake
-That sad moment when you wanna wear a dress tonight but you have a bruise from Brian -__-
thanks so much for the support. I appreciate the retweet. Hugs, kisses, and high fives for everyone!
Might not have laughed @ what #SashaBaronCohen did to #Seacrest UNTIL #Trump complained. Now remembering hilarity of how #AliG nailed Trump.
Delivery Fridays in the rain. Oh summer where art thou?!
I think that's the winner.
painting a portrait of cherry blossoms! taking to a day to relax till i push forward with #detroitangel next week!
Cole Adkins must of an IQ of 900! He's our strategic accountant!!!
Any travel towards IA, NW and NC IL will be impacted by ice event Weds PM and Thurs. Travel will be difficult.
#ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously stealing other kid's tickets at chuck e cheese
Seeing Kobe high-five Justin Timberlake on the way down the court was hilarious. 2 of my favorites.
where have you been in my life double?
When covering a story where someone DIED maybe you don't start a tweet w "good morning everyone" or something similar. Families are watching
Not takin anyones side btw, just sayin that we can disagree, discuss and still be cool.
Leadership styles: captain, coach, collaborator, conceiver.
wondering about that RT Is it safe to assume that #CreativeCloud is not for video professionals?
Hi Tanya, running a team meeting about creativity for my EMBA. Any suggestions on activities or sources of creative exercises?
Who doesn't like a massage for free? is giving away $100 spa certificates today! Check out their twitter!
Riding 'round the city with my bo
swear boi ! Go look one t
Oh boy today is just great....yea right
thanks for the follow
Love the subject line "ACA Party e-blast." It's so funky fresh!
Can't pray for a speedy recovery. Did I say he was dying??? Lighten up. Have a great day.
AR tech should retain strife. People cannot experience transcendence without strife to overcome. Everyone in heaven is prob pretty bored
Thanks!!!! I'm loving Seattle.
#. Buying Pearl iZUMi Men&#39;s Race MTB Mountain Biking Shoe ...
Crunch of the day: Skinny Pop popcorn only 39 calories per cup!! Zero transfat, cholesterol free. Indulge guilt free!!
if you co-own the infinite would you have any say in Kirkman bringing in a new artist?
Snubbed by Hitler? A wonderful confirmation of your humanity, I suppose.
I love penny stocks...So I think " APRO.PK " will hit the top WOOHOO..
How is everyone doing this weekend?? Be safe, be friendly and most importantly, BE LOVING :)
My week has been completed. I easily embarrassed my 14 year old son again, he even threatened to "unfriend" me from fb. PSSHT..
any chance they call this at half and let us get this game finished by midnight.
No, the games will not be blacked out in Seattle. Any word on whether Timbers matches will be blacked out in Seattle?
At Daley Plaza with 3000 positive and optimistic individuals working for social change.
Translation: #Catholic media must remain biased | RT : Catholic communicators must obey church teaching, US cardinal says
At least with online retail the store can stay open while we sleep! Happy holidays to you too John.
There are secret off-menu items that are amazing
Query: When Ke$a talks about boys who look like Mick Jagger, is she talking about Jagger now or Jagger 30 years ago? Asking for a friend
suntan, short dress, bare feet, i dont care.
I try to find out how and what do women think about
Ugh this time goin fast gon Piss me off....I hate gettn up early...:-(
Running lines for Dancing with my Demons at Pan Pacific park.
Why does it say my total # of tweets is more than 100 what it really is?
#wizards with a little 5 game win streak at the end of the season. I like Whitman. Like the youth. Don't like less ping pong balls 4 Davis
I miss you! i need to come up soon so you can possibly color my hair! :D
Britney's dumb ass<<<
librarians are more like bartenders: we listen but don't pass judgment
Just back from 3-days Pain & Headache Seminar. Was very informative and busy. Was nice to talk to colleagues at Academy of Pain Management.
Ew it's Sunday.
cool....keep pursuing it!
it's fucking cool as ice haha and fun
Do the things that give glory to God
In #Las Vegas for #NYE2012, check out the FINAL NYE PARTY hosted by 4 tbl resos call
Want some lovey pussy
Protecting a Business From the Adverse Effects of Divorce:...
Ugh stupid brothers hate it when they prank me .-. (x
See Phillip Baker Hall & I in I Never Sang For My Father w/Circus Theatricals, now New American Theatre. Tkts @: www.NewAmericanTheatre.com
The kind of weather day that gives Charlottesville an inflated ego
dude, you are always keeping it real! Much swag!
After eight seasons with Georgetown, women's basketball coach Terri Williams-Flournoy has accepted the head coaching position at Auburn.
My son thinks that it is funny to throw himself on the couch head first, hoping I will catch him. He does it even if I don't.
S/O to my new teammates in this industry I love so much. I am honored to be apart of such a powerful network. That will show in my work! 1
Tune in to hear discuss his plan to reduce crime on the Ron Smith Show 1090 am WBAL
Wish they would look past Clooney and focus on the causes he supports. Media follows the celebrity, more attention needed for the cause.
I'm at a Michael Jackson Tribute show
I just smoked a bird w my truck and I feel awful but I tried honking
Post Edited: What to Charge Your First Client
Always blame the tweeter. LOL!
okay thn mail me..through this
“There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest.” —
Gotta take time to count my blessings!!
So the big guy dont like menswearhouse cuz his tux was too tight
thanks for followinng :) followed back ;)
Nice! Sounds like you're half crazy! :-)
Having a blog that continually undermines hard work is a GREAT representation of the profession! Who kenw!
This pretty bitch was licking my pee hole, stopped, and pulled a butterfinger from her purse and ate it.
RT when some1 annoys u it takes 42 muscles to frown, but it only takes 4 muscles to extend ur arm out and smack'em in the head
I just realized I've been following an 'unofficial' twitter account. That's gay.
YEAAAAAHHH look at chu go. Good choice, I approve ;)
I Wish Would Tweet Or Follow Me Soon.. I Kinda Feel Like I Bother Him Way Too Much... :(
as you should!
You're welcome! :)
Make my voice brand new, I'll give it all for you, and I'll never speak again.
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly I like mirrors, U like mirrors? Lol
#wewontwork if all you talk about is lady gaga, nicki minaj and getting drunk. Sorry, I don't like my flings transparent.
- no prob! Have you noticed you're our "go to" on 14th??? Many great nights - some we don't remember :)
Similar to my philosophy "If you wouldn't say it to your grandma, don't tweet it" RT : Tweet only what you'd be proud of
inside of you live version >
Yes, your "Happy Hour" should definitely be in quotations.
So Stricker plays with Rickie Fowler. For once Steve could wear his blaze orange hunting gear on the course & not look out of place
This ===> lmaoRT : Real bitches lick sacks, that sounds gross but it's true
Famous musicians, a high school band expected to perform at Levon Helm&#39;s funeral
Had a great day working on #crashingbroadway LP and writing for new she can't breathe record... 
Really glad I got to the metro 15 minutes earlier than necessary only to sit in the station for 15 minutes
Just spent $50 at street side pretty much all on energy drinks and junk food
So. exceeded all expectations tonight. Funk. Soul. He owned the air in the room.
we're on the way home now. We'll stop by in about 20 mins.
Awesome to hear! Thank you for joining us today!! Have a great day!
S/O LIL BOOSIE THE REAL COMEING BACK FINALLY
people tweet me im bored
Having a little meeting with my bud, Shodekeh.
Who.s ready for some #Brewers playoff baseball? # Beat AZ
haven't had a chance to try again yet. Will let you know. Thanks.
Luv ones...Don't accept half the truth from anyone; verifying facts or wait it out! Because HALF the truth is still a WHOLE lie.
Apparently the weather channel has a pollen forecast. Unfortunately, my nose can sense pollen all too well on its own.
Yep. Now I'm famous.
summer = hot weather hot weather = shirtless pictures of austin shirtless pictures of austin = happy mahomies (;
South Bend Civic Theatre Sneak Peek: Flat Stanley Jr. at the Main Library at 2pm on March 10th. For ages 5 and up. Call 282-4607 for info.
The basics of cybersecurity don't change over time. SP 800-53 re-frames how to apply security controls for new threats.
women on fertility messageboards are probably the most open
i do to! thanks again:)
How bad is it being a 49er fan right now. Having a great defense is nothing when the offense cant score. See you next season.
Yeah...total bummer! RT Space shuttle flying right over US Cap now. I may cry. #Titusville #Brevard pride.
Thanks for the heads up.
Class. Class. Class. Class. Meeting. Home. it's a Long day-
ohh ill try! Haha I have to sit next to josh :(
Everywhere we go. People wanna know. Who we are. So we tell them. We are the Titans. The mighty mighty Titans.
I'm always up for a friendly debate. Especially when I get to defend my school. What were you thinking?
Sheamus wins with a brutal Brouge Kick
“: im getting a headache now..” smoke some #tree then
Just got out of school soo happy!!! but I have to go back tomorrow!!!!:|
With out a doubt the best part of going to my dads house is having eggs bacon and waffles ready for me in the morning when I wake up
it was good and I had my victory beer and my victory vodka and my victory wine :^D now time for a victory detox
A little throwback feel.
stop being annoying
My tattoo is almost done scabbing!
Good afternoon! RT : Good afternoon from Spain...:)))
Everybody with the function tonight , we'll see how it turns out.. ; )!
That "anti aging medicine" exists
Anyone like making cash at home?
#midem Did anyone on the #copyright panel actually argue for extending terms post-Golan?
Ah shit i cant stop laughing
If only!
Agreed! There's definitely some local history focus in schools. And WNY Heritage has done some school programs as well!
It's going to be a long night.
RT : Mess right?! LOL<< dont hate pops like him some Adam..lol
You're very nice. Your company will thank you for that :) They're lucky to have you.
wait, all these years I've been humoring YOU!! Lol
House of a 1000 corpses is on!!! Woohoo
I CANN read your comic. GET IT?!?!?!?!
For social media "Learn from others" @#ebiznow Philadelphia event
what's good bro !
I JUS BANNED THE WORD "WHORE" FROM MY VOCAB "WHORE" IS NOW KNOWN AS "FRIENDLY PUSSY":-) #SPILL #FRIENDLY PUSSY
Aw, thanks. Those all seem very geeky to me..& I didn't even mention my dictionary obsession. :-)
On my way to after-school hangout for dinner
Nothing really matters anymore
Long walks yesterday, then made stuffed shells, cinnamon rolls from scratch, and strawberry chocolate chunk ice cream. Now for the laziness.
Cricket is launching Muve Music. includes unlimited downloadable music in the $55 mthly phone plan
my guess Kentucky school will go all the way. Maybe Louisville.Wish we had the Beavs in there Gary, to hope for.
same same same! so tired right now, and I've got my fitness class thing, ergh!
What country should I vote for Austin next concert? Tweet Me
This caramel is taking forever.
RT - Miami Dolphins are not out of this just yet. They still can come back from 2 TD deficit.
#Rams pick of Isaiah Pead makes sense. They need young, quick back with speedy, fresh legs to spell Steven Jackson.
ok the Thunder game won for a while but the creepy responsible part of me chose studying for finals in the end. Besides....
I don't see nothin wrong
"I'm a koala, she's a tree"
. trade to for #Tebow Now they have #GOD on their side against
why is this a question?
Good morning!! Back at ya :)
Finding our song....im liking this:)
Got it!
Time to hit you all with the Pre Mayweather - Cotto fight TECH update!!!
The day after: power still out, stores closed, traffic backed up... yah, the wind sure was a-howlin' & a-blowin' last night...
#dblsocial about to get started at 2 pm MC for event Social media for local campaign
ur next sidney arthur cmon over !!!
NSYNC party in the car? Hell yes.
Do you agree with Lunardi if Kansas loses UK goes St. Louis & UNC to Atlanta ?
"This porn is infinitely excellent."
RT Interesting article on #librarians & #InfoPros in 21st Century world of Abundance bit.ly/o4hZfP vi
Thanks ! and adding my own MD wishes to
www.menuofmenus.com. check it and be there on tuesday!
You are very welcome:-) Good pic.
I imagine wendymaddy has a Suh shrine in her home and all these people are destroying his image!!
GOOD LUCK READING IT MA FRIEND you wont do work for the next week<3<3
Late to a dinner date because I got lost in my Etsy shop stats
hey. Whats up?(:
rain rain go away!
I'd expect better from them. They're probably just grumpy because they miss Houston so much.
Will you be at the Tickle me Tuesdays?! I got a free sample on the house saved just for you!
Posted stuff on Foursquare, Instagram, Flickr, Path and Twitter.
theres a 1 in a million chance that would notice me
LOL - that is awesome :D
"Treatment changed my mother's life and changed the course of the treatment of #alcoholism." Steven Ford
What if Storm is secretly stalking us on twitter? XD
Coke or Sprite? Diet Coke all the way!
Yeah funny how whenever I come over you make me clean your apartment...let's impact that concept. BRING ON THE REPARATIONS!!
i bet i can mention u (again) n u wont say nothing back!!
This is off the beat and path, but this is Twitter... I couldn't sit through 15 minutes of NBK.
i love you (:
Learning to write an elevator speech for a marketing class. Could you sell your program ideas in less than a minute?
tonight at The Magic Stick wsg: The Prime Ministers! 8 PM party people!
I say Pillowman is Garrett...Because we saved him...right?
Asparagus and steak on the grill. Tall glass of red. Well earned this week.
Awful. I removed the pepperoni from my pizza to make it healthier. Half hour later, I ate the pepperoni.
Eyewitness report: Athens Mayday 2012 | International Socialist Group
Children are unpredictable. You never know what inconsistency they're going to catch you in next.
Killeen: to come, a 21st Century NSF Data Strategic Plan. Watch for it.
Thank for looking at www.signatureart - This is one of many celebrity paintings to come
The fellows who groan and sweat under the weary load of toil that they bear never can hope to do anything great
Look back, to look forward. Is a company survey in your future?
Dear John
And that was just doing a random search, could be others
We are playing with MSTRKRFT + BIRD P on friday in AZ @ Myst! you dont wanna miss this show!! ohh no...
just sent you an email :)
Pussy will get you killed my nigga don't think its funny
I did enjoy that one...
Thanks for following! We have an office in phx & are looking to expand in that region. Looking forward to connecting this yr
This is why I rock the noise-canceling headphones at work.
truthfully I'm a moron and got tricked by uberfacts and spent a dollar for an app I have to copy and paste from 😳
Thanjs for the follow!
and apparently I would have to shoot myself because I'm the "biggest hoe in the world"
best channel ever. Soo under rated!!!!
#shoutoutto Straight out of the FL.
#HappyMothersDay to all the awesome moms out there!!!!!!!! Look at how beautiful it is outside!
Rick Perry says there should be a gong sound when Ron Paul blabbers on.
josh's gf is yuck she came over today to see if he was back yet air head
Yes I am listening to o-town right now what about it?
Who's coming to watch the Blackhawks take on the Arizona Coyotes tomorrow? Game starts @ 9pm & as always, we'll have great specials for u!
Thanks so much for the follow.
Wrapping and capping the Wings season up next. How much different will the roster look in 2012-13? 248-848-1130.
You guys need to stop whining and concentrate on next year. The Giants won, its over!
The ppl are crazy ctfu
I hear Texas won by default. New York never showed up.
yep just waiting for this day to be over...I need my family right now...
First long day in big girl shoes. Pretty much Birks with a platform wedge, but still - 3.5 inches off the ground, baby!
RT #FuckYouWashington For Being Too Afraid Of Corporations to Govern.
Tomorrow, Fri Feb 11 - The Desert Gun, Pluto Revolts, and Atlantis Becoming. This is one hell of a great local rock show! $5 cover, 18+ 10pm
#18 will never be worn again by a Colt. A good move by
Thinking about my walk tonight. The outside temp just dropped to 45 degrees. I guess I will put a hat on plus a jacket.
That sounds great! We are actually planning on beginning our Journey in Boston. That will work out great. DM us to chat further
Will take a break from studying for finals to watch back on my tv tonight!
I remember one time at Microsoft hearing a frustrated coworker scream out, "The entire IE Team should be killed".
I drop it off. That way I'm sure it's been delivered.
I don't know what to do with my feelings.
Maybe instead of making a movie you think everyone else would love, you make a movie you'll love. Might find an audience with similar taste.
that's one way to make a list!
sweet! I'm totally cutting to the head of the line
please cone to san antonio texas(:
TODAY! RT : Happy Thursday! Selected wraps are $1 dollar off!
i just need you one more time, i cant get what we had out of my mind
Execution double 9 style...
Thank you, Miriam! It's been astonishingly smooth; now the trick is to stick w/all the structures I've put in place for myself.
It's very nice to meet you. How are you?
ok! Thanks!
Me too :) RT I so thoroughly enjoy eavesdropping on Just saying.
Albert Is Like......Super Chatty.
Its a must! You will be addicted immediately! RT : I've never had indian food either. I want to try chicken tikka.
I like how I can use as a universal solution to loneliness for anyone.
Lol thanks but I meant on tumblr haha :P
The 4th qtr should be exciting. PACKERS are still in it.
Which featured #AlvinAiley dancer is originally from New Jersey? Reply for a chance to win NJPAC #AlvinAiley tix 5/11-13 in
Thanks, Will!
oh yes, the david lee roth love will be in full effect again soon enough!
Where ya keeping the hot girls at, unc?
Yeah, Lol...You Were.
I lvove Goapele, had the pleasure of working with her on Sparkle.
If someone has black ops on PS3 add me at LarryStylinson LOL
might hit the studio tonight
thanks for the follow!
Once you start controlling DNS, you have to start passing laws about playing shenanigans w/ DNS.
I feel for young ladies with lack of attention and are mislead who need guidance, my sister being one of thm!
amen!!!! You said it!
with who? has them for free every day! :)
That awkward run you do when a car lets you cross the street.
If you are going to #pitch and #idea with a #powerpoint make sure it is clear, simple and direct. I can't stand reading
Just read your last 2 blogs. They were both very good and spot on. Keep up the good work and good fight.
Pres. announces new initiatives to boost US tourism. Why is your town a great place to visit? Share pics & tell w/
man i might jump Miami on some yolo shit last minute. Check out our video from last year lmao im gonna RT it ..
but yeah I am, you knew this
oh the douche that kissed tori too
They choose another article, of course!
And that's a wrap on THE PICKLE shoot day 3!
No internships in sales? :)
Trimet says Beaverton TC having trouble. Will be delays on Red and Blue lines.
It's alright, no need to reply. I was just texting you to exercise my fingers.
no problem kiddo!
Woohoo!! You guys rock!! Congrats!!!
Finally a trade lit reference query I can get excited about - asking about jewelry, not boilers, oil separators, or can openers!
"You Just got Broke B*TCH !
An it's usually the ones that's rite by you....
Calculus? Not happening. I need my schedule changed NOW
I know that's right! We can be just as strong alone chica!
RT : shut up j wat happened n Lafayette stays n lafayette hoeffa
No one ever went broke by saying no too often. -Harvey Mckay
Really would love to maintain 3 twitter accounts, but can't keep up! Come find me at main and side project :) xoxo
By Rob Markman The new Kanye West remix; that’s the sh-- Young Chops don’t like. The producer of Cheif Keef’s original v
Perfecting my ice-waddle this afternoon :3
Ignorance is bliss
ps3 ?! What's your name?
I cannot sleep . Why are you up Ricardo ? Lol .
Hello hello remember me , I'm everything you can't control
Dang, forgot about not starting with @ while tweeting.
Nah I don't remember this!
Waiting again for that spot.
Really! I wondered how blue his eyes r! Girl, okay. Keep it coming re: Michael Early. I need 2 know!
'American Bandstand' host Dick Clark dead at 82 - Victorville Daily Press
We say "surviving" the end of the yr; can we thrive?
Wow, that jerk still won't unfollow me
Try editing photos with a 2 year old and a 4-month old.. both crying!
Tweeting from set! is killin it and is barefoot.
rad ! RT : We are having a Solar Eclipse Viewing Party w/ free solar safe eye ware- Sunday, 4-8!
If you love golf and you love to travel please check out a new company that is part of skylight group called www.golftours.com. Trips to Sc…
According to nfl draft report.. versatile guy, can run, catch, return, throw, and block. He has value outside of WR numbers.
Being microsmotheredmanaged at work is annoying.
I promise we didn't disappear! Actually, the new date for the premiere is JAN 29th! Tickets go on sale soon, so pay attention! Best- PLT
People of #Greece, if you get fed up with #Europe, why not come to Florida and enjoy our beaches and islands for a while?
our nonprof design shop does responsive design for nonprof, how do nfp determine if responsive site or app right platform?
"Love me, love me. Say that you love me... Pretend that you love me". Thank you, Cardigans.
#send flowers this Christmas? Please tell your florist it is ok to leave on porch if no one home - many people are out shopping / visiting
It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.
Just did a real time video yoga workout at the #zenden #sxswi with wello.co Really fun concept! Good luck #wello !
#farming is coming closer to reality, and closer each page of the 30 books I have on it now.
If you need HVAC installation in your home, business or enterprise we are proud to offer you the best service on this area
My lil cousin has never ever seen a movie so i spent the night at her house & i bought every single movie movie
With my car stuck in a parking garage until late tonight, I'm left to wander the city, watching the clouds move in. It's strangely soothing.
me too! I'm seriously so nervous to get on a plane. I'll need to be heavily drugged up 
Will gladly trade studio time if someone can teach me how to build fireworks.
ugh awful. I'm sorry. Been there recently myself :-( you are welcome here anytime. I'll take you out! *hugs*
Playoff hockey means 2 televisions set up in the basement...1 to please Red Wings Fans and the other to please the lone Flyers fan.
Y ME
Everybody go follow my bud and beat him at words with friends!
Man I know Dr. Oz is a good guy but I swear if he told people that drinking motor oil daily was healthy they'd do it lol
Kobe should be ejected for that foul on Faried.
Chicago police nab suspect in minutes of robbery
Oh boy, lazy day filled work workouts, sleeping, and reading. I really have quite a boring life.
and you do it so well!!
Buffalo Wild Wings or bust, bia!
thats how I feel about polish!
I need food in my stomach NOW
You know you're working too much when you walk 5 blocks to your car, only to realize you parked 50 yards from the office.
Must still be on Cali time to be up this early...or maybe its the birds that won't stop chirping out our window?
Love this life!
Forgot I had a mango.
Tony, your link does not work. where on FHTM Central is the info on Xoom located? Thank you for the help!!!
And at what point in his career was Andre Miller among the 20 or so best players in the #NBA in any given year?
I prefer a cigar. I think it's just because it's raining and I can't go out on the deck and have one.
sorry about that, I though I was following you already. :)
She worked in a hospital, cleaning up after operations.
: a little Bell told me you are a "God" at C. I've got a project I could use some advice on.
Easy Lover.
guys I'm watching my stories pleeeze keep the tweetyz to the most essential bits of info
Follow me on instagram if you feel like it Its_Insane
Deliveries to Alchemy, Old Fasioned, Maduro, Coopers, and The Mason today. Otherwise, cleaning tanks.
hehehe RT : Pretty sure I just OD'd... on Cuban coffee. Uffda! Feel like paddling to the Bahamas now.
Trying to wrap my head around variable costing on income statements, it seemed so easy at first, but now has my head spinning
Dear , We don't owe you money, so you can stop sending bill collectors after us. Thanks.
Another great lunch from in Annapolis. Nicole and her crew are the best!!
Ha okay, I see. I don't knit -btdubs. (but I did try. Did not work out.)
Lmao RT : these girls really think they the real mean girls of cuyahoga county
R.I.P. Junior Seau. He was a great football player. I loved watching this guy play. :(
a lot of game left #Brewers fans. Hang in there!
You're not unattractive or ugly. You're just pretty in a way I can't appreciate.
Lets Note violent political rhetoric on the heels of the violence in Arizona. Thanks for bringing the battlefield home.
Yep! It's one of the few times I am, so I have to enjoy it.
Good night, all!!
Ordered 4 iPhone cases and they are seriously so pimp! Theyre not boring normal ones, one is made out of wood (;
Tell your sistaaas if they wanna hang out later :D <3
So true!!
oh yes! Are you in dc?
Carlsbad Music Festival and ArtPower commission new work by composer Andy Akiko
At the Marietta Diner, when a hummer roles up. Out pops out to butch chiks and a midget. The midget was thick:) lol
WHY IS THERE NO BASEBALL TODAY!!?? :( BEN IS SAD!!
the pornstar herokee is a force
Picked her up big guy
i don't even know.
yeh I think that hook will glitch into another melody nicely! Look forward to hearing it done!
God took the Cross, which represented guilt, punishment and pain, and He turned it into a symbol of freedom, healing and victory.
they should eat at / Sweet Tomatoes. Great place for kids!!
RT Is there someone who works or has worked who can explain the consistently horrible service?! Is it a union thing?
I miss tall guy, funny hat guy and peter pan :(
Premium or free? Did you get sponsored group accounts?
I second that emotion!
“: The only domestic animal not mentioned in the Bible is the cat" / See, even God dislikes cats.
wow, this debugging and playing with installs and apps is taking too much time. Worse part? I am enjoying it.
Just so you know .. I don't follow people who say "F4F?" or people that say "please follow me, I need more followers."flw me I flw you.easy.
just to let ya know #wurz committed to oswegoooo!
Hoping for a good day tomorrow.
Looking forward to reading your tweets!
FFL constantly reminds me that Magic cards do a lot of different things, and there are a million cards which is like a million things to try
GO BULLS!
What’s your favorite wine bar in Milwaukee?
Malibu #Triathlon tomorrow! Who's going? Should be a good time with lots of super fit athletes competing. Go T2!
Dreamt is the only English word that ends in the letters mt..
Career transitions & career advancement are supported by coaching. Email me.
We're do you work at ?
Spent last night w at LA Forum. What an unbelievable show. Perfect.
I hope you enjoyed the podcast! We had a great time doing it.
How's the photography going? Get started yet?
How did I know andyf would chime in?
Mom and I do NOT belong in the kitchen... We were making stuffed shells and the tomato sauce exploded! No joke our lid on it broke!!! LMFAO!
Aaron Ross and Sanya Richards-Ross are the honorary co-captains of today's Orange/White game.
Wow im ^
Hahaha! Who styled her? Better question, who let her go out in public wearing that? BEST question, why would she want to?!
Finished with day one at the UX immersion Conference in Portland, OR. great class on Mobile UX
Right! And then it's like super quiet&people start to stare at you..
Looking forward to the 21st. Flying to 5R4 in the SR22 to pick up Grady! Anyone been to Foley, AL?
nah bro... u r going to want to see this place...
Story of inspirational Janesville girl and her surgeon to air tonight at 10pm on Reporter is
Anyone read Fifty Shades of Grey? I hear it has some cool purple prose!
Aww! Cool! :) I'm a Cadette. Our group is a really small, homeschool only group, but I love it. :)
Cummings on #bay: I want to be able to see young boys go crabbing with their fathers, like I was able.
cool, sounds fun!
The boats still sinks and Jack dies. You would think that this could be remedied in the 3D remake.
Great game! Keep it up boys!
Healthy news and information from Dr. Allen Ashforth. Published monthly by Ashforth Chiropractic Family Wellness Center. April 2012 issue.
Hey so do they call Spanish nerds Spanerds?
#NP 5 on the KUSH BOB AT IGNORANT LEVELS
gonna refilm this shit another time i guess...
I ride for my nigga dawg ♬
Wow, we are LIVE. Hi! It's Charlotte. Nervous. Or maybe it's the four shots of espresso kicking in.
Great post. A lot of executives don't understand strategy behind conversational writing in ad copy either.
there's probably a lot of crazies out there that worship you like a saint... :D
I always give it my all....that's how peanut butter and jelly do <3
I've been reading up on the library porn debacle in Seattle, the latest of many, and I wonder why librarians would do this to themselves.
Thanks for the RT!
I wish I was a little bit taller....I wish I was a baller....
Hey are you a fan of gypsy jazz?
Now that we learned the new bed is perfect for maps, we should work on that finals paper
it just thrown away really sucks . but in all reality thank you for being selfish and light heartd enough to teach me a life changing lesson
Health Insurance of Florida is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe onli
Not sure why I Tweet all of EAS' posts but I do love her blog. We can't figure it out but glad you like it too!
Man, I am just straight up kickin' the crap of my To-Do list today.
Damn I missed Karaoke :( Damn Work:(
Dont delete! Shows you're keeping em on their toes
RT : This crying mother-daughter Razr commercial makes me want to throw something at the TV. // ME TOO!
so exciting! Congrats to your alums!
: text per se is not data
Selling &#39;Act of Valor&#39;: How a Targeted Marketing Campaign Led to a Big Opening Weekend
I guess I should really re-watch BOTTLE ROCKET. I've seen it once and it didn't click for me. I have it on Blu. Must see it before MOONRISE.
So excited to meet tomorrow in Orlando for PRSA event. I'm so excited I'm driving over from Tampa to see her speak!
i'm done
just saw that trailer... Shit looks so good
Nice. Sounds like a good idea.
Dear Mom, Happy Birthday and Happy Mothers day. Your birthday, My birthday and Mothers day, <333 I love you
Steven Cherundolo (USA) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
happy birthday my fellow Capricorn! My birthday is Thursday! Have a great day!
I always smell like chlorine and Icey-Hot. Chick magnet.
How's everyone doing? We've been recording this acoustic EP, and it's coming out great. We're excited for Everyone to hear it! :)
TONY T "MR. BEAT IT UP MIXTAPE" WILL DROP ON DATPIFF.COM @ 5:00 BE READY TO DOWNLOAD "START YA COUNTDOWN"
I will eat your children - Mike mother fuckin Tyson
Only do things you want people to see.
It's just another source for what I saw yesterday. Make of it what you will.
where the fuck did you get RV?
this is exactly what i mean
omg austin looks so fucking cute omfg
How many more must die until Hamas stops trying to murder Israeli Civilians.Or I guess you don't mind Jews being killed now right
Thank you to Sarah for your donation!
Cant wait to see Yall in Milwaukee WI #Nba2k12 Love your Music Guys
I do dis 4 REAL...bc I neva been FAKE
Yeah, outside of tennis, it's my favorite sport to watch. Grand slams and NBA playoffs...great times.
why r u and adam lambert having a twitter war?
Thank you for a delightful Saturday at Scottsville Farmers Market. See you next week!
it's sad to see other people's tweets about #UnderTheMistletoe because my don't won't tell me where he hid it. 
I'm in Ireland(: #YEE Happy Mothers Day to my wonderful mother. I wouldn't be anywhere with my dreams if it wasn't for you(: i love you.
Gay kids have crushes too! I would have had one on you if I was 15 & watching Smash. But I'm 23 now & yes, I'm crushing on you.
"When a thing is done, it's done. Don't look back. Look forward to your next objective." -- George C. Marshall
Maybe it's the angst in me, but I love waking up to the sound of rain.
like cotton candy! Cute (:
and where would someone find one of those?
#WeLiveInAWorldWhere Americans don't know what America stands for any more.
Unusually active on Facebook and Twitter today yet still productive. Do feel a bit more aware of what's going on in the world at least.
Massage flushes muscles of built-up waste products that can make you sore after vigorous exercise.
Injecting fun RT : a talking chicken, , from NASA, mission mascot 4 solar dynamics obsrvtory.
I got a taste for goat
Yes it is! Was last in town at the end of January.
#india585 blown out by the bells at the Hanuman temple in Delhi
Deregulation of the energy markets (Consumer Choice) allows consumers to shop for energy but most black dont understand the concepts.
Shew I'm relieved. Glad he's okay.
- I heard it on Bainbridge Island. I have no idea what it was.
Psalm 10:14 "But you, O God, do see trouble and grief; ...you are the helper of the fatherless."
12 Contracts signed at Fifth On The Park in the past week. knows how to turn a building around! Great work team!
Haha, your tweets...
Straight up, now tell me do you really wanna love me forever?.
I should have sang "will you light my candle?" Ala mimi from rent.
Big game tomorrow! Let's get this win fairview!
Just like #2010, has taken over my stereo in
Creating a photo memory book on Pixable is super simple - don't let our deal pass you by! 61% off a Pixable book on www.crowdclick.com!
Dear coworkers: I think you've misunderstood the purpose of the red exclamation point on emails. They are only for URGENT EMERGENCIES!
Did schoolwork on a Saturday for once, though I can't say it was enjoyable
A good leader hires the right people to do the job. Don't you agree?
everyone please follow my personal twitter i'll be tweeting about my life daily / etc
this just demonstrates one if the reasons why things are not getting done in Washington. The do nothing GOP!!!
Ray Liotta in 'Something Wild' has one of the great character entrances, courtesy of Jonathan Demme and the Feelies.
Hi Caroline,I cracked up when he did that drag skit.Too funny! The Little Brother one was awesome.
just watch tape, all you doubters real. His story is a great inspiration to youth as well!! Good choice !!
Finally quiet! I think they caught the bad guy.
#ThingsIdRatherDoThanListenToBieber Wait for haters to have a good trend for once?
But hey, we got an official state gun!
May the fourth be with you.
Having a #FrankOcean kind of day. The kind if day you listen to F.O. and let reality set in.
Great time to move to Dallas! (What I am not thinking)
Whoa! We just felt the earthquake in Ohio pass it on
Yes. #dreamumc sorry to blow up your feed!
Thanks Josh! : If/when I ever get married, I will be using !
I'm with To whatever end.
thanks, I am a huge fan or Foursquare integration in sports, got me hooked!
OMFG... I'm bored at man
its kind of like a guys urban legend ... Shit doesn't exist ,if so there would be hella fat ass'es everywhere lol
RT : What a good night
haha I didnt. I totally called her out.
Hey #Scoutmob #Seattle users: what's a place in your 'hood you want to see covered? Let know & he'll check it out!
I like to look at different lofts and try to imagine myself living there.
Don't worry we'll be there on Thursday with plenty of Newmans
You bet! Great organization and great people. RT: Thanks for being the emcee for today's luncheon!
RT : When venturing into business, have a business meeting with God! Jennifer
Why is he bent over like that? Does he miss the cows that much?!
are u saying u got a new tattoo?
Virgin America announces it will bring its service to Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) this year.
Congratulations, I love you!! ;D
mann Mizzou hurt me, Duke did not. I had them losing next round anyways... We need to set up a Masters pool
can you talk to us ?
seriously? You don't even know what the situation is. If you don't want to see it, stop following and block me.
The guy sounds befuddled, but they're going to reprint them for me. Who knows if I'll receive it in time.
Life requires thorough preparation -- veneer isn't worth anything
yes no response
what did u mean of "they" ??
Clayton Kershaw is recovering from the flu, Vin Scully has a cold and 56,000 fans have DODGER FEVER!
Cool toolkit for data visualization
Ive been running the streets enjoying this weather now I need to head home and get some sleep for work tonight!
I'm so done with school. Like, so done. I have so much on my mind and school's on the other end becoming a distraction.
so cute! Sorry I missed you event. They never called the game in spite of the rain.
"The only limit to our dreams of tomorrow will be our doubts of today" ~ Franklin D. Roosevelt~
I wanna see your peacock!
#followfriday as heard on and - request their hit song "Daylight" TODAY!!! RT
You tryna come to the house party tomorrow ?
Ikr I wish he would follow me!(:
the love month is here! <3 time to design the town RED! :D
Step 1: Drink.
Haters going to hate lmao
In Europe they use A series paper; different size than US paper.
thanks for bringing your step momma in! Ways glad to have visitors at #PrideConditioning! Hope she "enjoyed" it! Haha!
You've moved on. So it's clearly time for me to.
you know it 👍
Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt of, not swallowed.
UGH. This whole not having a phone thing is really screwing me over
kickball, royals game, cinco de sporting this weekend!
“: Hey I don't fly much but these planes can be used without wings, correct?” I don't think so lol.
thank you for today's info-rich program on the 1940 Census
What doesn't kill you might give you diarrhea.
What do you think of it? I'm dying to get my hands on it.
Just got completely man-handled by my final #nobiggie smh
Just finished Catching Fire. Not gonna lie. I was a bit disappointed. Hopefully the last one will make up for it.
Switchmen is 91.3 in the Lexington area for a full hour and we didn't know it! Rock n Roll! Get down to Lynagh's.
Johnny Depp on Ellen for the first time :-)
Great day to be born. Congrats to the Dunn family!!
don't down ya mans to make you feel good or better about the feces you call life. No gangster that's lame.
I encourage all my followers to follow and check out his show, Injustice Files, fridays, DiscoveryID @ 9pm est.
Thanks. I will be okay:) iloveyou too! And i know you are! Thanks for that!
Really wish Coda from had a "Confirm before Quitting" option. CMD-Q is SO close to CMD-W.
Infographics may appear "remedial" at first, but they can quickly lead to very sophisticated conversations.
Not sure. Noisy though! You're in the hood?
When chayse askes if i wanna have hand sex with him <
On my way to Cincinnati!!!
it is right. Between all the signings and their wages.
We're looking for something a little more "substantial"... ;-)
Our thoughts & prayers go out 2 the victims of the tornado damage. We will donate 25 cents to Red Cross 4 each new follower this wk. PLZ RT!
Playing United Way charity poker tournament TC900. Avg is 1125. 35 players left. 10 make the money.
“A house is made of walls and beams; a home is built with love and dreams.”
Retweet my last tweet if it got you
Morning wonderful fucked up world ^_^
okay you now must send these to me & Mena xD
Thanks for the greetings. lets me have a real account :)
Walking wit mah dolls den shopling for a special someone
I sort of feel the same way #20something RT : Gonna be like 30+ before I have kids..b/c my world is all about me!!
Them dudes in jail have nothing to lose!
No one can be specially not Lebron butt he the modern day M. J.
Yea! Guess tornado season decided to start early this year! How are ya? :)
Sorry for the delay, thanks so much for the RT about the campaign!
So very cool! And much deserved.
Thank you ;)
stay tuned for contest details:)
and we outt.
This idiot really said bed bugs come from dead skin cells from dirty people.... confidently. Im no expert, but wtf...
Anyone wanna talk.
Can't watch #rhobh because I'm too busy picking through the garbage in my limo. Ew poop!
Yea Im here tweet away...... Just recently reactivated my account......
I hate when people who can't sing insist on singing ALL the time
And Christina looks like a giggler.
Hey! I just might see you there tonight! Even if I don't, I hope you have a Happy Valentine's Day!
You won!!
Love how I get everything that goes on, on twitter sent to my phone.
You are SO right. Just when you think the credits are over, the Japanese division begins
what? you are using twitter too? since when? haha. great to meet you here! are you using weibo too?
got that right.
I can't lie about something like that lol
Your body digest the majority of all your food between 10 & 5am, so it's gonna be a gang of mofos farting in line at Mulligans tonight :-/
Can't we at least get a 7-on-7 in on the South Lawn?
Michigan is trendin? Why?
Hehe. That's the at home plan :-)
you ladies are stunning. Beautiful.
I'm not sure yet but once I find out ill let you know
: that would be wonderful if you could...#thanks! ^_^
Congrats to on Bristol win from crew at Enjoyed meeting you last week in Vegas!
Attempts to finish schoolwork thwarted once again by daytime Grey's Anatomy
Yup I'm a senior in college
no, he's a dick. Forte deserved that money.
I'm a real dude and I say Christ is everything. So a woman of God for me is a must.
Why I love Saturday morning ESPN Radio: Mel Kiper JR's NBA analysis.
ha! Why? Are you Foo Fighters fan?
hahah why not.
I just want to throw up everywhere
That's not bad advice "when in doubt, shake your ass."
magic blue check mark! Good job
reddish black xD
Dude I get so fuckin into these cold case file documentaries.
and I hope it does 😁
After my sixth cup of coffee, I feel like Mario after he gets one of those bouncing, flashing stars
Sigh of relief: I can def detect the MN accent again
Good morning and happy Hump Day!
Help a blogger out. needs just 2 more followers on her blog to reach 100!
Senior Ball! :)
granted I don't know much about golf, but I had no idea the racial dynamics of the sport were THAT crazy.
Hey thanks for all your help! You will be missed.
"once a fan hugged all the boys and walked stright past me, i pretended it didnt hurt, it did!" -Niall Horan -- RT IF YOU LOVE OUR NIALL
The Walk raises money for DEFA: What is DEFA? Emergency Funding for people in need. Each $200 we raise helps another person facing a crisis
Really want to start making puppets, not quite sure where to begin...
Saw the #1 play on Espn top 10 plays of the day yesterday first hand... IT WAS CRAZY!
BRAND NEW ALBUM COMING THIS FRIDAY ON ITUNES, CDBABY, AMAZON, & ONLINE STORES. "FULL THROTTLE" ON IT'S WAY!! BY FAR MY BEST ALBUM TO DATE!!!
Waaaah finished our last tournament of club season... Gonna miss my girls so much <3
So i'm sat on my landing in shorts with a blanket wrapped round mewatching s keeks
:O Rosie How Dear You Ha Jk
Should I be doing something for Cinco de Mayo? I'm feeling all sorts of peer pressure.
we are glad you are here!
whoa whoa WHOA. all of my #cuse fans - what have you heard about Melo NOT playing tonight against ND or Monday against Cinci?
Associate Creative Director jobs open at Samsung User Experience Center America (San Jose, CA) Visual Designer, Interaction Design
OMG. THAT IS LIFE. i love that
yess... i come out of the blue and start saying some deep ass shit
When will Rampage fight again?
Costs of fruit & veggies up 40% while pop gone down 20%.
if you got instagram go follow me johannax33 ill follow the first 5 tht follow me!
unless that stranger is me, i don't wanna hear about it.
pigeons always look like they are jamming out to invisible iPods.
no charge entry the top 5 MC's /Group. the Winner gets paid. for more info or to enter contact / deadline May 31st
