would be so awesome...if someone would get me ALL 7 seasons of Boy Meets World on DVD. Please & Thank You...I'll <3 u 4eva!!!
Im a try and Stay Home Tomrw
Hey guys! Come chill with me on stickam! I am live streaming at stickam.com/DrawOneCard
I know. It just pisses me off. Ecspecially after what I found out last night! I cried!
I bet its because you haven't updated your avatar in a while.
thanks for the tweet faves!
Yes Im up at 5:07 am taking care of my baby
Entrepreneurship training with
Just saw the new trailer for #thewomaninblack. Hope it's as good as the book!
I'm scared of haircuts.. i never know how am i gonna look after i cut my hair.
thanks for the shout out...too kind!
hope you are having better shows, saw u a couple times years back and they were "off" nights, but I still enjoyed it
You know your in TX when it smells like BBQ on your flight...
to be fair you are "buck naked taking a shit" at least 2/3 of the time on average arent you? (at least thats how i imagine you.)
Good Day Twitter Family!
Anyone want to let me stay with them for a while? Big fight with my parents and need a place to stay. lost my phone too
Getting a screen protector for my B&N nook! Its been rooted and looking awesome! :)
hah (well thats what losers say anyways) O.o lol
FINALLY started Homeland.... only one episode in and #addicted :)
13 shot venti soy hazelnut vanilla cinnamon white mocha with extra white mocha and carmel! Lol
love that song
It definitely is.. So beautiful, the eyes, the smile, the dimples. <3
Archive sessions for HHLib conference day 1 should be up today (as per Susan)
Are you trying to tell me that people who walk leisurely get right of way?! You can't pull the wool over my eyes THAT easily pal
BELIEB OWT THA WANTS but BELIEBERS RUN THE GALAXY they don't! NOW BELIEB THAT! an there's always a LIE in beLIEbers!
I'll do the same do u think she's pretty
you wrong for that Beezzy!!!
woah madison, contain your excitement lol.
Today is the last day to register to vote for the May 14 primary!
I'm a huge fan of bud light lime so I will def have to try this! BTW when we gonna party
Or do you live in cave?
YA author Amy Fellner Dominy is telling our fifth graders how to write a novel.
Love that we're number one! See you tomorrow!
Tomorrow's release of Dark Shadows marks the eighth Tim Burton and Johnny Depp collaboration. Do you know the first?
What a wack episode. Glad Colton got his.
RT No credible sources are confirming Yu Darvish signing. Hang tight Rangers fans
get at me about some future sets , you gotta see me do my thing
Today is a FAMILY DAY on my twitter! Connecting with my nieces n nephews and
Oh, there's always room to love the AC!!
My Pipster got a KICK A$$ report card today!! I'm proud of my SUPERGIRL
that's true any year for GOP. MR wins EC but BO wins popular vote. BO is polling poorly with INDs giving MR OH, FL, IN, VA and PA
yeah its over my last move is to unfriend you
that's why WE are doing it BY OURSELVES
are you making assprints in the snow, Austin?
that particular job is under attack in San Diego with the city council's vote on March 28th! Check out Stop the Ban to stop it!
The Ladies of Leyendecker The Fashion Statement - dog fancy
It's an awesome show.
Construction season has begun in Chicago:(. Can't get anywhere in a timely manner.
you should tag in your bio so more people know where to follow her :) Just a thought...
Have you ever met Gary from Evanston? You're an outside-insider over there.
Good for you, Lauren!
Scratch that, Legally Blonde AND nail polish as a whole is therapeutic ;) haha
haha u know me just letting u know ;)
Several rounds of sanctions have been adopted at the #EU level. We also are pushing for action w/in the
LOVE IT!!!
I can't help but read that exchange as the difference between listening and talking.
I'm SO ready..especially after the week I've had. Hope the beer is cold, Rumpus Room!
Good morning Praying For Safety And Protection From Hurt, Harm, And Danger Out Here On These Streets🙏
Today is so wack
He did a commercial for the auto industry: "It's half time for America...America's coming back...."
Terrific Tuesday!
Yes!! #iscreamforcream RT : I WILL BE THERE!!!!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles minute man
Missing him!
Ohh battlefield how I have missed you :)
Seeing #occupymn makes my heart sore with possibilities.
you know it!
also your use of that phrase makes you retro-hip.
Thanks for the RT. Dan
can't hate, you obama2012 folk have it all used up. Only way to get him re elected. ,)
Why Should I make the bed if I`m gonna sleep in it later that night?
"Listening to someone learn to play an instrument is like a wormhole into a future of possibility."
You can order two of our shirts and one of our buddies at Take Flight Records from this site. Check it out and get some new clothes!
. Say no to figuring in #Royals stats. Consider the whole team & Greinke's record with the
Stop tryna act perfect everyone has flaws
The Fort Wayne Komets will be back on home ice at the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum this Friday and Saturday!
“: I will be DJing, dancing and bartending.” - if you do the "Barking Spider" again, let me know ahead of time. I'll clear space.
Bright lights, big dreams.
everywhere! looking in general to see if there is support as an alternate to direct enroll for full degree programs link?
i cant belive clare nd eli broke up awww they r soo freakin great couple
Hey : Let's go to in April???
I don't know, two times and you're a gigolo.
Everyday comes closer & closer to you leaving. 😖😥😣
RT : District 2 Bar & Grille is open for brunch this Monday, Presidents Day.
listen to your show most every day. Great show! Need more progressives on the radio airwaves!
Yes can't wait!
To live so that the depression was at the other!
That would be a DIY coding project. But, hey, I'd be in for sure.
Hey everyone The Cosmos is now on Twitter! follow now for salon specials and updates. 15% off any service to the first 20 followers
There ain't gonna be no gift bags, Randy
Ive Been Fake Before, EVERYONE Has
sisters, gimme your weekend brags!
Remember when phone calls were 25 cents? That's the cost of a text from Canada. I just spent a whole roll of quarters. or 2. #keepintouch :)
10/10 people on the shuttle from the airport were #drupalcon attendees.. Male/Female ratio was 60/40!
I saw that she was cast. The world continues to make less sense, and I like it.
thanks for the follow!
convince Them to give me a raise and I'll be back hahaha.
Even though Austin's braces had a lot of memories, it doesn't mean he isn't going to have better ones(: -Brooke
oh hahaha of course!
Terrible how some have to work with disrespect -.-
that's no turtle, that's ass!! Lol!!!
good luck! Let me know how it goes. I'm teaching it in the fall.
#GoRabbits! RT : I love my school ! Long Beach Poly High :)
Bank of Albuquerque is searching for a Bilingual Asst. Branch Manager - contact me at
Spotted in the newsroom checking out the UT-TV studio:
O What happened Butter fingers????
Thanks Yukie, Ken, Magda, Richard R, Maria, and Otto for stopping by today. And thanks to Jumpstart's Martha and Rafael for reading aloud!
Getting a jump on my day off tomorrow tonight. Laundry and dishes and other indoor chores.
UPDATED MY TUMBLR.
Lol shut up...You don't understand...
HGTV's Dream Home float is cute. The house roof is coffee and cocoa.
Happy new year from the Hillcrest Town Council! May your 2011 be prosperous and filled with joy.
Now it's time to clean... pitts
Gonna make a new video today! Ya dig?!
lol watch your ass butler
Wow! Blast from the past!
sending #littlethunders cd to press and placing the download card order today...#digitalrelease April 1st by
aww :( If Oprah is not there anymore, who's going to endorse Obama? lol (just a joke lol )
#5 Dreaming of Cara at a price in the 8th at #Aqueduct as well
just living life to the fullest at all times...what else is there to do for real
RT : Passed local resolutions to overturn Citizens United ruling in Massachusetts climbs to 48
I should of went to that cuddle session #oomf was having hahaha !
The air conditioner in the van would break -____-
Hey everybody! Please "Like" New Mexico Satellite Man on Facebook, too!
Have you ever had one of those days, where every thing is so frustrating that it makes you just want to scream?
your so beautiful,one of my favorite victoria secret angels,i want to be like you when im older!XOXO
The weather in San Diego was much better today that I was yesterday. Thank you God for good weather
yea I could prolly send her some Appleton is two hours away though
Thanks for speaking with me today...looking forward to your opening and getting your American Express account set up!
Shout out to me tweeting my (one-use only) promo code b4 using it. Someone just saved $438 on a ticket. Who was it? Lol
hey, started it!
Im convinced, the whole world has decided to drive in Los Angeles today.
Thanks for your kind words. It was a fun show to roam around with a camera at the ready.
Where have your culo been ?
Had a great workout, now visiting my papaw in harrodsburg! Family is everything!
Not defending anyone. I'm just having fun insulting you and your faggot minions.
Who goes to atrisco.!! Do me a favor.
I need a girlfriend, like
": I wanna be that couple every other couple wants to be like :)"
girls who hook up with dudes cuz they're in bands are wack. that shit is lame.
Oh the adventures in Greensburg, Indiana.
I miss California.
P.S. had so much fun yesterday ... I'm gonna miss everyone when I'm gone =(
If you're interested, please check out the link and call the salon to make an appointment!
Go Team Kentucky!
sweet threads!
you're crowd surfin right? <3
jealous. Went last year. Favorite city.
OMG!!! The Jeanius did it again...The new Italian Cream Cupcake is FIRE!
My daughters new game is to his in the tub behind the shower curtain, then jump out and growl at the cat... Easily amused like her momma
In other news, Redtails was the shit this weekend
Don be mad
take me to court long as u don't give me judge Judy can't stand that bitch lol
Yes, you're up.... or yes, you're up but bregrudgingly?? :D
likewise. But there's a light @ the end of the tunnel - my last class. (til I get restless and decide on another degree)
RT : Come to WI State Capitol Tues 2/21, 11 a.m. to see Cooperative Extension honored by Senate and Assembly!
#superartfight sharpie swords FTW
I was told I have 3days to get them straightened out. That's what I'm going with.
Fun to Follow for all your daily "it's so sheboygan" news
Really don't understand playoffs Paul George at all. He's doing the opposite of everything he did in the regular season.
The world has lost another bright, caring, and wonderful person to cancer. Diagnosed just two weeks ago. I am blessed to have known him.
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future. -George Bernard Shaw
Drivin back to DC...Haiti bound in less than 12 hours!
check out www.thepenguinrevolution.com where can we send a cd?
yeah i will lol:)
Thanks! RT : Very smart blog by Terri O.
Some secrets need to be kept, some stories should never be told, some reasons shouldn't be understood
Two. More. Weeks. Two! More! Weeks! TWO! MORE! WEEKS!
CREATE A BRAIDED RUG FOR FREE just like the early pioneers in SD! Family activity 12noon➸4pm at THE SAN DIEGUITO HERITAGE MUSEUM~Encinitas
I drink when I have occasion, and sometimes when I have no occasion. -Miguel De Cervantes
The only way today is going to work is if I pretend I'm on The Wire
If you called me, then you know I'm ready to DO SOMETHING DOPE!
I love spending time w/ my daddy & sister when I don't go to school. ^-^
How are you beautiful (:
Rather annoyed to have to get on my plane right as the hockey game is getting started..
It's draft day! Correctly guess the first 10 picks of tonight's draft for a free Scorzie!!!
If we are what we eat, I'm fast, cheap and easy.
And if by chance, I was the "unfollowed" you're probably not seeing this anyway... so just a heads up! ;-)
Playing monopoly junior with my daughter. Disney princess edition.
Great debate performance by She's closing strong as the best candidate to beat Walker in June.
Happy to help. Starting on the photographer/title placards as we speak. Will be in touch soon.
My group is 8 girls and one boy, all 7th grade, friends of Sarah's. Should be fun. :-)
Don’t dwell Concentrate on the React with Purpose Make shift Your posture should be Lift and squeeze Inhale Release Grip harder Turn off the
Ha, thanks! Can you get that included in my next review? ;)
God bless each of you in a specail way this Christmas season! Back after the Holiday! Kevin
i agree!
yea he iight wrr he from?
I need ways of saving money....
I'm perfectly fine with my tax dollars going towards first lady's wardrobe. One of the perks. Don't resent in the slightest.
ahh no i'm not! :) hahaah
This is pretty funny (and dead on): "The Difference Between UX and UI: Subtleties Explained in Cereal via "
Using my umbrella today.
❒ Single ❒ Taken ✔ I'm just ready for summer 2012
sprint getting a IPhone and they got the unlimited plans only 10$ extra. May save u a few bucks.
RT : called back for Summer Theatre of New Canaan!<<Yippee!
RULES -you must answer TRIVIA Q? posted at 4pm EST correctly with athlete's official twitter handle & follow that athlete &
"To make this film I had to miss countless hours of school. And there was also some hardship."- Bart
Thanks for the heads up! We'll replace that. For future service issues, call us at 1-866-4-ZIPCAR so we don't overlook anything.
yeah I have a lot of wisdom
Research paper...
All set up, so what to do next? Ahh contract to finish, check some emails, and update the main website, fun fun.....
I see and you got this :)
Just followed the new page.
at Koepke fitness center working out.
ha! What kind of snacks?
Loving new home page featuring news from social media perspective. take notes!
Daniellla is my life saver, & got them
We must be in the eye of the tornado, because we're certainly not over the rainbow. Get prepared as rough times are coming.
RT : R.I.P To the 31 U.S. Troops who were killed in a Helicopter crash in Afghanistan today. I bet no one cares. Retweet If ...
Who was your instructor? Hilarious!
Happy birthday, Mom
Tested the redesigned 1M on iPhone. Thought it was loading slow until we benchmarked 16 submissions. Surprised by 8 second avg.
#Shoutout to all the "PROFESSIONALS" who stalk the real PROFESSIONALS to get their contacts
Its so windy today. I'm going to blow away!
lol you just lied doe
Hey, what types of costume design do you specialize in? Let's talk. :)
I'm just sitting around watching YouTube videos!
I have a feeling they will!! Don't worry :)
I'm cool with that :)
Literally belting out Taking Back Sunday.
Dick Clark left his mark on popular culture. RIP
in not. Just RTin
Sale On Alera PA532823LG Three-Drawer Mobile Pedestal File, 15 ...
Thanks, Traci! Much needed.
wonder if me and have the same fave track on #deathofapopstar??
Dont Be Afraid Of Change.Youu May End Up Losing Something Good,But Youu Probably End Up Gaining Something Better {:♥
goals on goals on goals on goals
Calumet Fisheries, founded in 1948, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu #Chicago History Map!...
Feels like I'm in a sauna!! The things women do to get purrty! Lol
DC Jazz You dont want to miss, Follow
Wish i knew it was a
THERE ARE 2 TWITTER ACCOUNTS FOR ZAYN'S AVOCADO. OMG ZAYN WHAT HAVE YOU DONE.
"Leaky as an unstanched wench. "
The pots were literally cut! we even cut in half a cvap oven at the request of Winston Industries.
Yes he was & is a beast!
Just to clarify my clarification, I desperately need your approval. And a good place to get Al Pastor burritos near my house. And pants.
Coming by today for Free Tuesday? Don't miss the ofrenda on Level 3 for Dia de los Muertos.
somebody give #TeamTate a s/o we need the support:
ITS CALLED COVERUP! So Now We Looking At a Skinny Zimmerman…WTF! They know what they are doing!
I watched frenemies! Lived ur part the best Avalon! I mean bells! Lol! Biggest fan!
just making sure c:
ask anyone throwing league
Warm cider with orange slices and cinnamon sticks.
Putting together details for a graphical online scavenger hunt for a free prize. Stay tuned for details,
I'd rather not hear from you. I hear you did not know who he was. That man is a God Damn you for no autograph
Im free ....Junior year is over!!!!!
A few new faces this year helping run the meet with the Big Ten Conference outdoor t&f meet beginning today at the McClimon track at UW.
How sick did 's leg look last night ??? Bet that hurt !!
I feel you, those pesky aspiring drum players..
Only five hours left to register your team for the Detroit Cup Dodgeball Tournament happening this Saturday at Total Sports!
I got a scare last night when I got the weather report [for] snow during the night. Let's hope Deputy Commissioner Weather helps out. [1944]
Harlingen: The Staple of the Rio Grande Valley
MT : Walker re-analyzed NBA stats. Walker says Bucks dominated in the '90s, NOT Jordan & Bulls as some mistakenly believe.
“: I can see Chance. Cali is going to kill you. Lol” I'll take my "chances" she gets over things pretty easy
yeah, so sad. I'm slowly rewatching it :) still gets me every time. Such a good show
Tia's is NOW HIRING for all positions! Accepting applications 10am to 4pm. Must apply in person! 200 Atlantic ave. Boston, MA.
Cool! RT : #crocafecollect Gabby La La (8/28/05) Delicate, playful vocals drift above toy piano, accordion, sitar, theremin.
Guy working drive thru at Jack in the Box just recognized me from YouTube. WTF.
You can't win if you aint right within....
Good Wednesday morning, Twitterverse. And Happy New Comic Book Day! Check out the good stuff at your local comic book store today!
realized this morning that I may have a slight obsession with buying lip gloss.
Madonna wasn't good 20 years ago let alone now.
Unless you have a definite, precise, clearly set goals, you are not going to realize the maximum potential that lies within you.
New study shows coffee drinkers are less likely to die from heart or respiratory disease,stroke,or diabetes. #AddictionPaysOff?
S/o to my #oomf , You're cute asf
I am starting to get pissed off cause every time i turn on a damn radio is always on and it is starting to make me mad grrrrrr
I used to be one of them... WHAT HAPPENED TO US HUNTER?!
Questioning the wisdom of being outside with lightening still happening.
Colorblind hoodies and shirts let me know if you want one
you do know Harry is getting all of out tweets. We'er probable gonna dive him insane lol
The day THE HUNGER GAMES movie comes out.. Will be the best day of my life<3
haahah omg i luv that but i get it iv been single my entire life and sometimes you just wish there was someone there for u
Savings Tip -If you have any kind of leftover rice. especially seasoned rice, add it to your meatballs. Bake at about 350-375Â° or micro ...
“: how about #brandyou?” that's better... I like them short ;)
Budget hearing for Baltimore City Fire Department is underway. Watch live on
Do you have a model for creating ad hoc x-org project groups to support longer term fac projects? Would love to hear abt how u do it.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Conecuh County until 02:45 PM
just 2 because i'm lame. and by "i'm lame" i mean everyone else is lame and working. I BETTER SEE YOU AFTER.
Damm,i dont feel like going to the bamk to go get this money order im being lazzy and shit
hurry up dying of boredom here
So Ned Yost is now the Royals Manager. Surely this means they'll play nice and loose like the '08
swear though it was me.
MANTRA #3: YOU CANT MARRY A MARRIED MAN
The technology now exists for artists to now create their own models.
I can't do 7 games of this
that is a good dream. I have a hard time keeping them alive in chilly North Florida!
About to go live on WMCS 1290 - with Van Jones and many others!
Ha ha, yup. They sure are. :)
meeting from google today! I'm so excited to meet such a big deal!!!! Thanks !! I'm going to be posting about this.
the boogie man is cool lightning is NOT!! I know the boogie man we hang all the time:))
TGIF! #followfriday make sure to include #followfriday and let everyone know to follow us! Incredible news coming soon from us!!
Oh yes you could!! You look like you're 25 and you're one of the most trendy women I know.
I also seem to always want what I can't have. Cool right?!
We're excited too!
...how could I forget? Go Giants!!!
In honor of Jim Thompson, William S. Burroughs & J.G. Ballard, a 9/11 novel merciless enough to depict the merciless: www.airplanenovel.com.
haha love it
no i cant throw money in sues dey denied me...i might fallin DOA
Thanks for the birthday wishes!
hey Liesl thanks for the follow hope to see you at the show on April 14th
I'll never forget the first time I caught your eye
- mama ain't raised no fool !
Glad to see you on here! I'm newer to this too so nice to run into someone I've worked with...hope you'll follow back!
Tosh.0 is so stupid but funny as hell!
most DEF, and thank you so much! <3
He will not be searching for happiness as if it were a collar button that has rolled under the radiator .
On the road:( why must we leave!
- Thanks for continuing to use my postings for your Design Daily. Glad you find the topics of value to your readers.
Today is the power shower , & imma bout to dunk some teachers. Sorry Mrs.Lenoff but your getting wet a'f !
This past weekend Weiner was set 2 speak at Wisconsin Dem Party Conv 2 rally nat'l support for RECALL campaign launched against Republicans
HAD A BLAST DEEJAYING LAST NIGHT AT LONG BEACH..#MASTERMIND RECORDS
you're a super star, that is what you are.
yep! coming up at the top of the hour!
#FF - web graphic designer & amateur poet. - filmmaker & foodie - filmmaking gear
I hate when my helicopter is in the shop, then I have to deal with 405 traffic in the morning
um let's hang out!
These are the questions that keep filmgoers up at night :)
gets me there, but sometimes it takes it slow.
How far away is Austin Tx from New Orleans??? Wanna go to #MardiGras get the beads bro!
Did you just say Boop? uh
Rep. Don Beezley trying to amend killed parent trigger bill onto a routine parent involvement bill in House Education.
I was gonna say Pocahontas but yeah she is Native American lol They need a Mexican princess heheh:)
Happy April Fool's!!
Playing a cup muted solo piece on #trumpet this morning. To a Wild Rose, A song you can hear #Philip #Smith play on his solo cd.
Re C.A.'s caution. Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good! Velis et remis!
=D Awesome!! Hope the rest of your Friday is as amazing. <3
"you got babies all over the place"
r u still having trouble accessing the site? I've been traveling & couldn't check
My fave childhood memory is being forced to sleep with a blanket whose patterns all too strikingly resembled my great aunt's spider veins.
Kicked off the weekend with afternoon coffee at Urth Cafe followed by wine tasting with friends in Manhattan Beach.
Re: needing intrinsic rewards 4 gaming. Have either of u checked out the book Drive? Gr8 stuff on motivation!
5 easy (why???!) midday TM miles at 10%. Go figure.
ooh, what time?
Kicked in #OSU wit n today... Had fun tho wished we would've been on High Street earlier...
Good morning, how is everyone?
You're right...for all of fifteen minutes. True talent is timeless. Always has been, always will be. ;-)
The sun is puttin off some heat today.
Galaxy S I Launch date still a mystery. But it will launch in June!
Devereaux Peters picked up her 4th foul only 5 minutes into 2nd half when the Irish had a chance to tie/cut the lead to 1. That was huge.
You felt special until you saw him talk to everyone like that
I think you forgot the 9 in lol
MT On film needs real shot at QB He is super raw So was
Hope to see many of you in Boston this week at the #Shakespeare Assoc of America! Stop by our book booth for special giveaways items!
I am a sucker for a guy that makes me laugh!!!
boys soccer banquet was fun 👍⚽
": "Love is a passion." #Aristotle"//"Luv is a verb."
Good Morning Divas!
It is time I learn some line dancing. :)
s/o to my dude Francis
RT : Help spread the word. 4/29 Run as One, 4-mile run at Central Park - raising lung cancer awareness!...
Thx to , Ryan Braun & many more for sharing their must have app on their smart phone. Story on #WISN12 at 10
Todd swears it wasn't, but I'm pretty sure that guy in the final scene was Hell Boy.
LOL I know :-D
CASTING: The real "Real Steel" robot competition show! Need feel good stories-military vets, ex-athletes, real heroes! WIN $$ LA AREA ONLY
The Pens will win this series but, they need to 4 check better. I'm not worried. This is a great team.
RT : Empathy teaches ppl 2 trust their feelings & intuitions, & it creates sensitivity 2 the feelings & needs of others
I'm so grateful that church back home starts at 11. Church here is just way too early
Trust Lounge
yeah i was commenting on the PE ..nice work though!
lol, did you go today?
that's my new jam!
youk for hanley?
I DONT TRUST TWITTER/FACEBOOK/INSTAGRAM PICTURES NOMORE!!!! (LESSON LEARNED)
ill be at remnants thing in june
yep, two hours for Glee!
Looking forward to seeing many of you at the Jiveworld conference next week in Vegas!
My feet have many lego induced scars.
not sure, ask the City, wasn't there some proclamation? The bad cop routine was laughable but hitting Fish was over the line.
Sleep is good. Ahh
not ignoring you! DM not working! I own my house, for 3 years? Maybe was thinking of someone else??
Nascar is the dumbest "sport" ever to be created. "Oh my God, They're making a left turn!!" Join a real sport.
i like expensive pasta...
I feel like the girl at the bar who's been there too long...cant stand up!
ARG! Don't say it. Happy thoughts. Happy thoughts/
Thanks! Let me know if you have ideas or know sites that struggle with what to do about ghost legends
Thanks to everyone who made #JamesBrownGeorgetown a success. It was a truly enriching event
welcome to Twitter, Tweet!
Our sister restaurant released a limited number of early seatings & a few late VIP tables for tonight! Call 212-614-0146!
": Planning trip home to Tampa Bay in July. rocketing up my list of "must haves". Cant wait to see the beach!" Yay!
..sex parties with girls who called him "Papi," he explained: "I work hard and, in the evening, I need to unwind."WSJ on Silvio Berlusconi.
SORRY HIT UP JENNIFER TO SET THAT UP 2107846094
got a fantastic 'Welcome to Chicago' package today ... Thank you!!
Taste of the Industry is beginning! Pop quiz: who's your #hotnewnow #wine or #spirit #brand?
Silence is our true teacher because it speaks the language of our soul.
Palm Sunday. Aaahhhh.
Thanks to Sissonville Public Service District board for allowing me to sit in on yesterday's meeting ...
Finished some work and have settled in for the #RHOBH reunion. Ah, bliss.
Would you want to become a mother at ninety? Read Sarah's story at my website: www.lindaswift.net, New Releases Page: Humanly Speaking
And I thought I was bad at sales... ;)
No thoughts lives in your mind rent free
RT : #MKTG118 uses social media to reach out to its consumers - took this #MKTG118 class last semester
Some didn't include the Oxford comma in their list and it created a great deal of confusion about names.
they loving the creww .
Just bought my ticket to see speak in March at UCLA. Can't wait to hear what she says to our generation.
Sure you can. There are numerous denominations that follow strict interpretation.
wats up wit u and the BENGALS wats good Chad
im gonna get a 1 on bio while you get a 5 on Chem
Chloe is going to do great! Have fun in your cute new dress.
YES. Its on youtube! Thats where I watched it!
A deal to send 3B to Wally Waffle House in Akron, OH for a 1B prospect has fallen through. Chris will remain an A.... for now
Thank you for the RT
Motorcycle started right up after 6 months of sitting in the street. It's a good day.
All I want right now is sleep..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to a pair of awesome people (and my fellow Tauri) and !
I also have a free e-book about me for iPad. It comes with a song, too. Double arf.
I have sex like Michael Jordan played basketball my tounges out while I'm heading to the hole
followed now keep retweeting needs more followers
RT : Join us for #sundayfunday Industry night starts at 7pm $3 Select Irish Whiskey's and Beers!
you're welcome!
See us tonight in at 11 PM, FREE. We'll sing with & !
Who discovered this and what was the power of it?
To borrow a phrase from , I am completely aboard the struggle train today. yikes.
let's all go to tat's!
you are a pro to begin with!
We cant wait to see you! “: so for dinner/lunch”
Ultimate insult was cutting off my service due to billing problem--no letter email phone call--I could have fixed it immediately
I have watched too many episodes of Toddlers And Tiaras. Someone save me before I finalize my decision to get fat and become a pagent mom.
Against all adversity I want you...
Laying out at the beach.
You are so hot!
Great, I'll meander over there after this half of the 6th.
A friend 2 all is a friend of none
You never want to be that annoying person to call someone out on twitter hahaha
Chris Cif you interview the boyz can I get a shout-out to Jada from Canada #CanadianICONiaczLoveChris Plzz if you see this RT
Cuz I'm real
I keep losing followers <<<<
Thanks for following us, Rafael!
Could be most ironic thing I've heard this year, welcome to the mind of Vecchio RT : nah that was all me! Haha
I told her do da things I like an she fuckin did it-FAB
Haven't seen the Cubs play all season. Im assuming thats a good thing right?
im in some desperate need of some community service hourse for golden tassel
#themwasthedays When you woke up for Saturday morning cartoons, and they were worth it 8(
You know what I really need? Another Nicholas Sparks book turned into a movie. Yeah, that's it...
We need all the volunteers we can get for the #Cannabis Freedom #March May 12th Volunteer to Westlake Park!
I never said "Rand Paul has Max's blood on his hands." I said he has the blood of recent victims,after stalled HR 1254
pina colada smoothie in hand, sunshine reflecting off lingering snow, spirits high, ready for a happy Monday and a fantastic week :-)
no one is awake
yes! My wife laughed when I spotted one at night in the rain, saying how could I see her from that far. My reply: "she's pale"
Yeah, it is the latter, plus an all-out land grab in PA by a bunch of opportunistic firms.
2days of sun #seattle. Off to buy supplies #sundayfunday #bbq at friends lakehouse. Good times.
Things are getting started!
I love you for that my dude, im coming to see you soon homie
Have a good day everybody!
yeah i have one , its easy after a while.
that's so irrelevant.
What is your favorite cooking utensil?
Be You. Love All.
your welcome
We are live on THE HOME-BASED BUSINESS SHOW 1/7/11 at 9:00am PST "How To NAME Your Home-Based Business" Variety Channel - WORLDTALKRADIO.com
You should tweet more!.....or eat more chicken!!
Blueman Softball won it's first game tonight, earning me my new title "The RBI Machine"!
Wow my first tardy of the whole year
Gitmo detainees getting a soccer field. You've got to be kidding me. Glad to know where americans tax dollars are going.
Looks like an explosion or arson to me.
RT : I'm the type of person that tries to fall back asleep in the morning just to finish a dream.
sorry, but i don't have the patience to deal with people like you
I'm so glad nicks and manningham have had a good game! It's been a long time coming.. Go All the way to the super bowl!
I want some head while skydiving
Lady Ga GA is so awesome. NYU chics rock!. Im on a rooftop Downtown, LA humming Papparazzi!
"Can I save myself with one sparkle?" -
Seems like every time I'm waiting on a call, that happens. Or I'm in the shower or precariously carrying a 7 layer cake or something.
Just turned away from #rubytuesday for lunch bc computers are down... Talk about being technology dependent! Cash, anyone?
I love 'social innovation challenge' never heard it put that way before!
Wow this team is ridiculous #MiamiHeat the gave the Blazers the #Ferucho tonight!!
I'm okay I guess. Watching cartoons
Twitter!! Y U NO WORK???
Working on A/V to project of 's skype talk from the perspective of UChicago ethnomusicologist who did fieldwork in
In politics to fulfil obligation - Malaysia Star
Truth is a deep kindness that teaches us to be content in our everyday life and share with the people the same happiness. Khalil Gibran
was adopted fraudulently...by the GRANDPARENTS. Way to go Rachel! Now we wait 30 days for a ruling. Prayers are with those parents.
Good one. RT : Thought of the day: Don't be afraid to fail, because failing does not make you a failure.
To me, it doesn't make sense that it would exist in the world. Then again, I've never been into *any* conspiracies.
We have been tweeting it ALL DAY Chad! Wish you would have followed our directions! Come on man!
“Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny, consume you it will." - Yoda
awesome! count me in
Every day!
“ #keepingthefaith”how can this be happening after 102 win? go Phils
It's beautiful weather to run this time of year, that's for sure.
your life is rough ;)
you guys are on the radio right now :D
RT : RT : wins silver bicycle friendly business award from ! See the other Pgh companies who...
re:Mockingbird, try the Sissy Spacek audiobook instead of reading the book. I didn't want it 2 end.Ever!
Lol get over it
Did I just see an excuse for the Lakers? Hm.....
you're so nice!
All my positives out weigh all negatives !
Luongo is the most inconsistent goalie in the history of the NHL. He's as baffling as the pyramids.
help me I'm poor
Work is too slow.
Awesome meal w last night. Loved the hard-to-find Seikyo Nama and Mabaroshi JD. Goma Saba a must.
because u were at game and I'm sick!! Must be nice man!!
You sound like you've been hanging out at my work.
if you go to forever 21 and highland, use my name and get 21% off anything! name: Elshaday
Happy Birthday Shout-out to Les Paul! May you be still rockin' it out from above!
Battlefield 3 time.
Jim Palmer such a cool bro! Question is Bobby Ross out of uniform! LMAO
Bouta clock out then its on!!!
also I wish I could sing Soberano/Sovereign Hands but it is so hiiiiighhhhh... maybe one day:) why are all my favorite songs so high?
sweet, who wants to crash it!!!
Office Space is still such an awesome movie.
- Thanks a ton. Actually kind of surprised we haven't crossed paths before!
Serge Ibaka lead the #NBA with 241 blocks this season. 2nd was DeAndre Jordan with 135.
Peggy loves movie theater HJ's
One more period!
no!!!! we wont have time to get everything. shes gonna wanna get a soda and ur mom ight have to get the ticket for her
Serioulsy, who is planning on going to the Bears vs 49ers game this Thursday? Let's get a solid tailgate going!!!
follow back and have a productive day
It's almost time for graduation! Yay! So proud and humbled to be part of this group
My mom died of endometrial cancer in 2003. I miss her every day.
Apparently I was singing "Pop, Lock, and Drop It" at the top of my lungs for almost an hour
i really hope my softball game gets cancelled! i want to go to the mal!
i read verse 1 on my telephone and it is amazing if verse 1 is amazing what did u leave for the whole song ????
HEY SIS,,THANKS AND SAME 2 U!!!
Woman gives birth Woman: I think I'll name her Sara. Doctor: I'm sorry, but that name's already taken.. May I suggest Sara89 or Sara_13?
If u tie Mayweather's hands behind his back, tie his shoe laces together and blind fold him... I could take him.
i will now light myself on fire
people that are secure in their imperfections make my heart ever so happy..
CONGRATS on your opening week 😃!!! I need 2 become 1 of ur Go To Actress Mr.Bronner manages me
I hope she publishes the research, despite the family's disbelief. Perhaps a peer-reviewed journal might convince them.
I am pretty sure that anything is possible.
In Sacramento is 1:30am & i'm just enjoying this beautiful night!
thinks now we worry about Green Bay's defense being a scary factor.
the kate upton "cat daddy" vid should be played instead of the star spangled banner at sporting events, etc..
thank you for the favorite! I appreciate it!!! Xo J
My Koi tattoo doesn't = I like to fish. Geez some people need to get out more.
Big day today homie we another day closer to our dreams
Big bruise on the leg today....
“: oh wait Syke you're in Charlotte today! So am I!” Hi Rach, we're heading towards Nashville now! Next time :)
i liked eclipse :) and yeahh i did. not as good as the Twilight series, but still good :D
Ok twitter world. I need help for dinner. Lucky charms or pasta (with homemade sauce)?
Right now watching a replay of MTV Movie Awards which I missed earlier. :)
In Boston celebrating the new year!!
Seger: would be significant tech investment for OUP to enable sharing across institutions - wd have to pass along $ to libs
"One size does not fit all for library services." People want to get info when convenient. Depends on need & context.
thanks for the follow.
Many friends ask me why dont I play out I have'nt told them but I dedicated this gift to God a couple of yrs ago.
we've got #ramps! try out our new seasonal side: roasted beets & ramps salad with lemon vinaigrette
awesome!! Good luck:) send some my way!
you know me do well (:
Omg lol! KG
I did but it went straight to voice mail
Have been since 1980!
Field trip to the zoo w/ my daughters class & 1yr old, at the tail end the school calls & my oldest is sick & puking.
welcoming two charming round pumpkins. Its all about the stem at our house!
Now these asshats at Aetna have transferred me back to the initial options queue. What a fucking operation these turds are running. 38 mins
I do have a problem with that Hannah
updating my itunes library finally! any suggestions? only cool ones accepted...
Oh no! Your neck needs to realize that you have important things to do.
I'm in the crosswalk beeeetch <Pimp C voice>
RT : Please retweet and help us get to 100 followers!
mellowing out to MGMT , laying out by the bonfire and pool 🎀
Need NYE Plans?The Basement Rings in the New Year w/Bobby Bare Jr’s Young Criminals Starvation League and Rayland Baxter...
Obama's campaign manager is a fucking genious.
Ur welcome too sweetie! :)
I just know that something GOOD is gonna happen! I don't know when, But just saying it could even make it HAPPEN!!
LOL I Saw a cat fall over & knock a entire pyramid display of surround sound speakers over in Best Buy
Our website is back up. We will be posting our harrowing and cautionary tale of website pain later today. Thanks for your patience.
They blatantly admit it. RWNJ said getting rid of Obama more important than working together 4 sake of country. They don't care
Well what are your favorites? =) RT excited to catch up w/ my aunt tonight. what to get, what to get?
There are few worse feelings in this life than hearing someone warming up in the bullpen when you're on the mound.
Time for a run in Central Park! That sounds like a great way to start the day.
i see myself!!!(: lmao!(: i was like being like pounded into the pole!
Let's go swish
Tired...Hung over...inventory tonight...
hard work, commitment and compromise
Ride the Bus tonight! Every hr (starts) bus is on Water St. for 15 mins&every half hr, bus is &Wells! Ask Brothers Bar for more info!
tonight@@@ tonight@@@ Club 212 with and DJ SMOKE!!!!
AH! Woke up 1hr late!!!! AH!
It's the truth. Me and have a wonderful convo, and you just talked about how much you hated me....
If you haven't already, download "Ivory Coast" on our before that shizz expires!
we'll probably schedule an open rehearsal session for either late may or early june.
hello world! look here soon for awesome women's beerdrankin' & beer education events
May the 4th be with you all
(sorry slow response on my part) You can get an I Bike Milwaukee shirt at the store 755 N. Milwaukee St.
Thanks.I work hard to make it better. Welcome to invite friends to send a message or hit email for testing the app.
you wearing it to May weekend?? What day you need it by cause I should have tees by next week
Getting excited for a meeting with one of our favorite brides
Happy Pi Day! Incidentally, it only takes me 3.14 seconds to eat an actual pie.
Polka dot, polka dot, polka dot AFRO....
Focused on moving far away as possible!
#worstfeeling WHEN YOU CANT BOND YOUR HOMEBOY OUT
Just make sure you're not too upset to
Hey there! So glad to hear Kaitlyn is doing well. Nice to hear from you!
So a tourist just asked me was I glad that our tourist season was over. Seems like it's in full force to me. Lincoln Rd is packed!!!
": Wow Donald,William, Maks damn good eye candy #DWTS" seriously! Best season yet!
Though he stumble, he will not fall for the LORD upholds him with his hand. Ps. 37:24
momma told me not to cuz aubreigh slept so long during her nap :/
Thanx for the follow. Spread the word. If anyone needs an event planner Im free for the next 2 months. Im building my portfolio.
tons of fun
I would think so. Its not necessary to have him until regional quarter finals
Wait. You're tall?
Yezzir, our last long run before Marathon. Get back to LA!
Have you been drinking? Is there a fat girl in the back seat.
Got my 16 credit hour schedule of pure awesome today. Needless to say, it was a successful day.
good morning to you alex(;
Oh my goodness, not sure I remember. :( MT : Tweet your first show at First Avenue w/ the #FirstAve42 hashtag for chance to win.
finna get my hair done 2ma
Ugh saturday needs to hurry up and get here alredy so I can leave on the cruise and hit puerto ric
What if you knew my heart is cold, and this is how I naturally am, would you still care about me in the same way?
#RIPRyanDunn we love you you will be missed
Sometimes people will never give you the simple things you want. So either you accept that, or move ON....
PDX radio station 99.5 The Wolf wins CMA Radio Station of the Year! agrees that are big time winners
“: Last day home!! What should I do?” what shouldn't you do?
Another reformed pantser here! My current outline is 35 pages, and I still don't have the last 2 chapters outlined yet.
Getting high on Pixie Stix! Remember those? Freakin epic! XD
The Rock Church Christmas Celebration is Sunday morning 12/11/2011 at 11am featuring original music by Come one, come all!
Bro this is TOO funny.
On my way to the post office, I serendipitously bought something to mail. Doesn't everyone?
I feel oddly defensive of that Battleship movie because it stars Tim Riggins. But, I know. I know.
i aint easy to find , im one of a kind.
Haven't been writing what I'm grateful for lately. Grateful for people who ask for help and make me feel good to help.
I know it's time to go to the store when the fruit bowl is empty.
She's more than BA!
I just wanna drink from the words you say and be everything you need. <3
Hit Up IryMusicGroup For Collaboration Inquiries.
So pissed right now,alot is bothering me...but I can't be stopped. As long as there's air in my lungs I am UNSTOPPABLE. Lots 2 do tomorrow
's mission is 2 balance the bud; refreshingly candid on Cong fail 2 do entitle reform & a Hill wo earmarks
lol now what makes u say that? ;)
It's beautiful outside, I love spring showers..-
yep I'm 21 and I would love to see you in Dewey! I miss you!!!! I'll be bartending at the rudder! What have u been up to? :)
#monte Ellis to the bucks!!!
You have enough things to worry about. let us do the Printing, collating and binding your manuals and handbooks
Getting dressed in the limo. It was the first time of my whole life that I had to run off the plain. Any of my tweethearts are at London?! ♥
Im good...just chilling out....
The downside of having neither Duke nor Missouri in my final four means I do have a team like Murray St in it. Go Racers!
Bout find me something to eat aint ate all day smh
he boy gave the girl a rose101 100 - the present and artificial oneand he said:"I will love you for as long as the latter does not wither
HI! Tonight's Single Chef show is about to begin! Buffalo Wings & Cheese Steaks. ...Eat hearty!!! 6PM Pacific 9eastern www.TheRoomLive.com
2 hours of sleep and off to Chicago
Soo I was shopping wit my mom for some dresses and I found my prom dress yaya!blue purple and green different colors but it's perfect!:)
It's Been like 7days of no tweeting..But The Money don't stop getting Made ..In the lab Tryna get Mr.Money Maker vol1. Done. 4 WEEK'S
sorry bud.
I hope I actually get more than 20$ because I can never find the best egg:(
WE HAVE THE LEBRON'S THAT COME OUT NEXT WEEK... COME GET THEM FROM US NEXT WEEK
Should I take a nap?
“: And I totally just downloaded some One Direction songs....... #guilty...... :P”
Whatever sauce they put in a BK stacker, is delicious. I just wana bathe in it & call it a day
#YouDontBelongOnTwitterif you start drama ,stalker,crook,hacker,prostitute,ghetto,ratchet, or if you like to mess with people=bully
Bob brought in his incredible stamp collection. Some are from 1930's, mint condition. All well kept & organized. SE 79th & Foster 11-7.
now watching #BabyBoy !!! Dang I love this movie!!! Joddddddddddddyyyyyyyyy lmao
LQL If I can find it.
Nothing fun abt this workout our wednesday group just did. 2.5 mi warm up,,9 hills & 3x400 intervals. 6.5 total miles.
I fucks with it!!
if its no big deal stopp braggin
day #2, skied at keystone, pretty windy but powder in the morning. off to the hot tub, 2nd time today. im gonna be a prune
Thankfully, we don't know that kind of shame.
I'm confused, if you don't care about a "celeb" wedding this weekend, why take to Twitter to tell all of us?
Facebook is not working on my blackberry boo
so unfollowing people that already follows me , and following new ones so they follow me cuz apparently at 2000 followers u get block.
Holy crap, dude.
I LOVE YOU. You're the nicest person ever! :)
She's wearing sunglasses cause her future looks bright!!!!!!!!
U Already Know we be Cookin! RT , bet u know how to make some bomb filipino food huh?! Checkin out page!
Don't take it personally if he doesn't like you, he only tolerates a few people, anyways.
It's a shame about the weather but I know soon we'll be together, and I can't wait til then. 🎶❤
I don't think I've ever been this stressed before!! God please get me through this day.
Likely to shower in hour and half... Suddenly itchy
2 things I want right now: 1) vampire makeover (i don't even know what that is but it must exist) & 2) a muppet. potential bfs take note.
Generationals and Infinite Jets at the tonight! Sure to be a boisterous fun time!
I absolutely loved spending Easter with my brother up in West Lala. I have the best family ever!
Thanks for following Eye Tech Training! I just returned from Charlotte and met a great group of techs from NC and SC!
Aaron says we may see #thebelt this season?
Popular conceptions of education, identity, and vocation are trying to kill me.
I hate my mom. I swear.
Stay focused!!!! Thanks for the support RT : Cooling on it trying to go in like the Empire........
'Cause if you really wanna be alone I , will throw my hands up 'Cause baby I tried.
RT : Yo momma so stupid she thinks Taco Bell is a mexican phone company.
like what?!
oh p.s - we have a ton of merch haha if you'd like some for free just let us know and you can clean us out. thanks again. gav
BIG announcement coming from Radiant and Neal Morse tomorrow!! Musicians keep an eye out...
Sorry that last tweet should have mentioned
I see a blog in my future...stay tuned.
happy birthday! Xo
Hair went killa
ok, well whenever it gets scheduled again, ya'll can let me know.
patrick u look good
Hacking my twitter Katie?
i want to use this when i'm home
what's goody?!
touché: some needs to wing it's way transatlantic in June.
same ad agency? is the agency behind the new JC Penny ads the same as the old Target agency?
Live blues NOW at Loughmiller's!! $3 Bud Light Pints, $5 Crown u calls, Half-Priced wine bottles!!
So cool! Have an awesome time!
feel better my man! Make sure tends to your every need! :)
I lick her ice cream she lick my ice cream cone.
Death - Sacred Serenity - Symbolic
buahaha, I know! Dude, when's your graduation? Mines on the 17 well, my promotion or whatever the fck you call it.
NO! Who will I get my life lessons from if not Ron Swanson, Liz Lemon and Leslie Knope?
I think I should go home before I kill myself or destroy my phone.
If you have an event or promoting something & need me to send out a tweet 4 u. Let me help, send me an email
susan boyle video has most everyone teary-eyed in the library today
Finished up recaps of both #MLPFIM S01E23 and the 1974 martial arts flick SLAUGHTER IN SAN FRANCISCO today. Sunny weather is so inspiring!
Soaking it all in!!!!!! so excited about the future....
I agree, but not sure what policy solution is. Reduce caps on borrowing from Feds? Regulate private loan market?
Just saw actual #Aztecs article in Sports Illustrated-5 pages. Xtra on byu game "How the MWC Will Be Won". Pics: players & Big Heads
This should be a clean wipe for MITT ROMNEY.CONSPIRACY THEORIES are made of the UNFORESEEN and personal gains. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
#IndieMusic MP3: Amanda Jo Williams – “The Bear Eats Me”
Lets go checkout the backseat of my car? ;)
Don't miss us! Saturday, April 21 @ Station 4 in St. Paul.
will add the fourth star asap!
Nice save, LL.
#ProLoveMarchATL is a rally to promote #peace, #love and #unity. Happening in Atlanta next month. More details soon.
so I may have definitely just done a cover...
.... And I said: "I've lived in the south before, it's not that bad."
Your making all of us feel bad. We all thought there was a defined purpose to surfing #Facebook for hours.
........ New products and colors coming this SEPTEMBER.
PIMP COFFEE!
uh maybe because it is?
Fatboy® will be relaxing at in ultra-creative Connoisseur Lounge filled w/ a unique mix of modern art!
Turn out the lights the parties over
Yes! Very well said!
Snuggling up next to my pillow ! Goodnight;)
To Small for me, I need a man's man! A women's touch is not bad also.........Ola
don't ever think that :]]
I'd prefer Mario Bros.
i yawn all day, as soon as i lay down, NOTHING...
pretty sure all is fine. i think we are both going. we are even planning wardrobes. haha.
Cold, windy and wet. Spring arrives in Seattle dressed in winter clothes.
I may try it one more time, but a different flavor.
yea that's the time is ok the later the betta
Looking for my stylish 1959 wrap to keep WARM after watching him! :)
did I REALLY need those Barbeque Potato Chips.
havent really gotten to play w it yet haha
Love me like I love you
TBones first selection in his Thursday #MLB 2 Pack starts in 10 minutes! Dont miss out, afterall he is consistently Top Monitored!
Is a gay Ass movie RT : The devil inside
You spat? I'll chalk that up to auto-correct. Maybe.
Expect the worst.
“: No i will not be tweeting during the game ... Big game requires everyone locked in including me haha” fired up for this!
Hi Josh, like 2 share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist u better understand how much people LOVE your clients. Follow 2 DM?
Go Milwaukee! love The Femmes, and Bergdorfs...(of course)
OMG giants win. Free cheese special w/ purchase of 2 large pizzas all day tomorrow @ Big tomato Miami Springs
At the very least, take this series and split with BOS, and I'm ecstatic.
“: Rep Stanton..what happened to black folks in this country was.. wrong, what has been done to gay folks is no more right #coleg”
If there is such a thing as good leadership, it is to give a good example. – Ingvar Kamprad
gm there r 3 weeks left before the election. i need u to bring a positive change to Baltimore by voting for me. im abt to be on wolb 101 ...
ever since 5 i've. Been watching nothing but Bam's unholy union!:)
FYI Q Cafe is now opening at 7AM!!! Come by and get a delicious hot mocha before your day Thursday Starts!
How did it end 14 YEARS AGO?! That's insane. RT : Seinfeld's last episode aired on this date in 1998...
it has been a while
This 1 guy would let his dog shit in the halls&just leave it there.2guys kept arguin with him,telln him clean up his dog shit
Damn...djn Thur.-Sun. Is getting to me ... I love it!
I can't imagine how my life would be without ❤
thank u :)
Success is blocked by concentrating on it and planning for it. Success is shy -- it won't come out while you're watching."Tennessee Williams
Ya haha idk how he even got brought up into this haha
thats not a real man that can't accommodate the basics
omg where!?! texas, maaybe?[;
#schoolmemories being posted with geekin on all the stuck up bitches and "cool kids"
2.2.2 is a particularly bug riddled version. I'd upgrade if you can stomach it.
u gonna try to tell me sexy lips lol u funny
: 3 challenges in making a smart room: 1) comment length, 2) experience dilution 3) filtering.
As I have nothing better to do today, think I'll call Verizon re broken phone, HP re broken printer, and the appliance guy re broken stove.
Having low blood sugar and not being able to get it up <<<<<
Not a whole lot... enjoying the weekend, gearing up for Wednesday's #SMlunch - what up with you? RT what up, drew?
God only can make worse then it all ready is
Call It: Mario or Luigi?
We may be young but .500 regular season is unacceptable. Plus if we are allowed to go to a bowl we could have a losing season.
Didn't expect Miami to gel this season, but if they find their roles & perform like they did today in the playoffs, the NBA Finals await.
well I hope you bring your grade up:)
Itchy bug bites? Try a little liquid soap.
thanks for helping to clarify :)
I luv how #Twitter defends ppls #tweets from our gov't etc.
What 3 NFL players current or retired, are constantly compared like Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant and Lebron James?
if they're so annoying, why do you keep reading them?
Good morning!
I guess so....YOU are the "expert," Wyeth.
Its a beautiful day in Miami!
So glad I have the chance each day to broadcast your music on the radio. Keep up the good work.
never postpone a wake & bake, it's unethical.
Just gave our server at IHOP a 103% tip. Pay it forward.
keeping an ever watchful eye
The WSJ iPad app rocks. No more awkward paper newspaper folding/reading/crumpling.
"We tried to make something that would work between churches, hymn driven or contemporary type." ~ Be Thou My Passion // Song Story
Hello twitter
RT : NBA's Most Improved Player is Kevin Garnett
you definitely should! They also give discounts to professional artists. Wow, I sound like a commercial.
Oh that's cool:)
If you have a late practice or a game eat an early dinner but don’t forget to refuel after with a light meal or small snack.
Off to the theatre to perform my show My Brooklyn Hamlet
I love talking to my son about him taking my cats! But he wont :(
are you here? i shoulda brought you what i got for you
I'm with ya girl ! Let's stay possitice together & wait for that day follows us :)
Lmao random question but Why do people say "make whoopie" that sounds crazy lol. Just a thought
what's your fave?
Eww! I hate when I can see someone's crack when they sit down! Put your buttcrack away.
lol Thats Cool , I Know Her And I Think My Management Will Handle It If It Comes Down To That
RT : Make sure to come to 's meeting tonight at 7pm in MGC 203. We will be voting for the next e-board!
You should come chill with me :))
My goal is to have 50 "likes" on our Facebook page by 2012.. Help us make this happen.. Thank You!!
happy bday sir :)
The most useful piece of learning for the uses of life is to unlearn what is untrue. ~ Antisthenes via
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. - Jim Rohn
Watching the office.
Great insights on Schumann from
Has anyone seen the movie bum fights?.
Idk when in life I got to be such a bitch but eh I like it lol
Cabin In The Woods was a fun and original script. Worth a check-out!
Listening to interview on
About to learn about understanding the social customer from
so i see yu got jokes now lmfao
Ok be mine.
Tapping out early. I put the pedal to the metal too often.
*looks at you* i still dont remember everything... But i remember running in the woods with you... *smiles slightly*
Having lunch by myself
Administrative law controls the activities of businesses, industry, and individuals. It can overlap with criminal law.
My 7 year-old daughter has just informed me that her life is as unfair as SHARECROPPING! I feel a political lesson coming on...
wow. the way people treat other people, out of spite??
I liked it! I hope the volunteers who run KUSF can get their station back on the air. KTRU is fighting to stay on the air.
My drive to study is basically non existent at this point.
I'm so tired
focus? what focus? :/
yep, I think I found a winner.
Sean carroll. Six arguments in 'the manual of denialism.' 1. Doubt the science 2. Question scientists' motives
“: Can You Niggas Eat Breakfast First Before You Tweet About Eating Some Ass! Dam”
Yu fuckin up my fantasy team!!!
Aviance asked If I wanna come over her house all late.. I'm already somewhere.
Yes a computer has beaten me at cess, but who do u think won the boxing?
thanks, I'll always be having new items rotating through
Salted nuts? These are more like nutted salt.
Is the Federal Government compelled to cover for self-inflicted wounds as Sebelius & Axelrod fall on own swords?~D
well, i want meet new ppl :d
Going outside! algebra 2 sounds fun today :D
Zombie Mode = ON
2DAY IS THE DAY IM NOT GO IN, SO ENJOY
i love how 2bff can go from hating 2 liking each other in the matter of seconds
Closed tonight for maintenance, ritual sacrifice.
Omg I think so,
Come On JJ!
Early this a.m. I was in a hurry & desperate for an April Fool's jk, so I told my husband I pooped in the bed. What's bad is he believed me.
I'm back!
RT : If you constantly show that you genuinely love your customers, your customers are more likely to love you back.
I feel an infomercial coming along. But, you will need a semi-washed-up celebrity spokesperson, and free shipping for $19.99
“: “: Well I wil see your stupid and raise you llamas!” BEST SENTENCE EVER!!!” It's what I do ;]
Are your animal print pants out of control?
Hope you are not w/ former U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney....If so LOOK OUT!
Our neighbors at 23rd and Norman are having one of their "loud parties" again. They are probably the worst human beings ever born.
cook hell it's time to go to bed nah....lmao
yes i have in fact just decided that i will not finish the greek reading for tomorrow
I see, interesting.
Yep. If my husband eats too late, he reconfigures workflows all night - jobsite hates to see him the next morning!
Ew! Doesn't that violate your lease agreement?
Thank you to all the Corazon customers who love attagirl! A new shipment will be on it's way soon!
Spin class this morning from the instructor from hell, Dance class tonight from the best! Can you say bathing suit?
Axelrod acknowledged this morning that Obama's policies are not working and advocated a new plan for the new term.
Ah ok, that makes more sense. I wasn't aware of that.
Sick of seein Jennifer Hudson on my tv!
Either you meant to say 'cheese' or you've discovered how a sneeze smells. Damn auto correct. It'll get you every time lol
yup! Every thursday. I use to take money Thursdays but I'm taller gurl who does pat downs. Jus let me kno if u need G-List ;)
Dude. They need to meet and be skanky together.
New day, new expectations ☺
Feeling good about tomorrow
could it be that you're targeting/hating on Pinterest because it's a "feminine" space compared to the mix-gendered Facebook?
Our homegirl would be excited to chat set something up with you.
*laughs* maybe he is
shut up, u dont even know me! "get a life" u fuckin get a life, instead of telling 14 year olds to get a life
It amazes me how my husband can always pop #popcorn perfectly without burning a single kernal!
Hope that wasn't preachy. It's not the most beautiful material but it is ideal - most S FL structures are of concrete block.
Rofl she can't stand him lolololololz
*Spurs, Parker.
The entire bed moved...
It's a great day to get tan.. with a friend! Refer a friend to a membership today, mention this ad, and you'll both receive a free upgrade!
good things come to those who.... work their asses off!
ONE WEEK TIL BASEBALL!!! The world is looking a lot brighter, kids.
#ThatDepressingMoment when u do all that pushing, then u look and its only that lil ass terd
It's the most wonderful time of the year... #NHLPlayoffs lets go!
So I'm wearing no underwear under my graduation gown. Wardrobe malfunction, leggo.
It's a habit.
Looks like we are going to be able to make that announcement after all! Thanks for the #FF everyone!
I'm feeling like da fool. I was kinda believing all the $hit u were talking yesterday, and now look at today. SMH!
Not even a "just" in there MT CEO Lynch speaking to Rotary tmw. Talk's title? "The U-T...no longer a newspaper." Seriously.
if I was your "boyfriend" by
National Postgraduate Medical College of ... - Recent Nigerian Jobs
sick and tired of behind my back bitching. you already know who it is.
Drop the puck already
I can be your buzz lightyear
Bout to get our potato chip hike on with
Its a beautiful day here at the bus stop in cherry creek. Still I am having visions Dark City. Shell Beach or bust.
I feel like it's been a couple of weeks since I tweeted. Just haven't had too much time.
to think you actually cared.
oh well it will make it more elusive ;)
thinks I should tweet more..here goes it.
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much ~ Helen Keller
yeah surfings awesome. yeah, born and raise. grown here, not flown here hahahaha (: you?
Avoid sugar shock: Have a fatty snack (ex. nuts, chesse) 10-30mins before your meals to slow sugar & remain fuller longer.
Social Media: the gateway drug. (Honestly I think it is just my laptop)
RT : a connection is made?
13 runners left on base. bullpen explosion yet again. good times.
^_^ yayy my day has just been made .
I have a new pre-recorded phone line on Niteflirt for all of you little cash pets! :)
Ted Thompson is probably hoping Dancing with the Stars goes until next March.
#Happy Mother's Day to all great my great mothers.
Ha.Im in love with five guys who dont even know about my existence,yet I know everything about them.
lmao that's my boy he cool ass hell just make him tell you funny stories & he gonna make you laugh more
Super Cute!
Spending time on Google+ Noisy but I like it. Setting up differently fr here, niches for conversation. For random learning twitter rules
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy♥ please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp ♥ 0
Where are you taking your mom this weekend?
Retired the old version of my book.
Just watched you 2 performances on THE ROYCE GLAMOUR SHOW. Great job LIL BRO. Congrads on ya TROPHY
Wow! An Orientation video for Jurors! With SWEET MIDI music. [circa 1986, at best]
i wonder if web access data for each demographic group has been factored in these correlations? ethnic makeup is not sufficient
one is tweeting right now from Epcot.
Awake for sure . . .a car alarm has been going on and off since 4am. . .ugh. . . coffee now, please.
Just fell asleep laying here.. It's time for bed.
I certainly would, Red! Thanks for the shout out. On my way to Fenway on the Mass Pike with the BLOHARDS!
In'08 McCain bragged about his demerits at Westpoint, but #Obama was president of Harvard Law Review & Hillary excelled at Yale Law.
Hope to have our new documentary film on Petr Ginz shown in Canada
I couldn't agree more! Ah! I cannot wait. <3 You can just tell by the look in Chuck's eyes in Casino scene he's so in love...
thanks for sharing. It's been several years since I stopped blogging but want to start again. thanks for the encouragement!
I've always been under the impression that the Ricky Wilson on Verlaine's first LP was _not_ the one from the B-52s.
A blind man was calling an end to his relationship with his girlfriend. I'm sorry I can't see you anymore. (thanks to Gerry)
Hope to see you at Yuri's Night #DCDrinkUp tonight at :)
Maybe I will have to sponsor a grant competition, I mean, wait, let's see, Twompetition, to see who can incorprorate this into their class.
no. Soy uno de Los miembros de la banda.
Awesome. I do have a B&N gift card burning a hole in my pocket, so perhaps on my next visit.
Both Salvatore brothers are interesting and complex characters in their own way.
Roses are red, Violets are blue, Friend requests are great, but who the hell are you?
Looks like I'm not going to mayfest this year...
#OverheardAtGeorgetown "We're going to turn the Kinsey scale into a möbius strip..."
I'm looking at her pussy she can keep it I just want a Blowjob can u keep a secret ;)
Retweet me with your favorite tailgate memory!
PickUpLine: I�m starring in a porno movie. Would you help me learn my lines?
just got my new dress so excited for wednesday!!!!
is a painting MACHINE
awesome. Just moved to Glendale!
This day is going to be rough.
Traffic ain't no joke out here.
It's Hopkins again, jumper good! 47-46 Dogs
hehe puberty, maybe u did something wrong.
RT : Let me suggest Microsoft OneNote. 90 day trial on their site. My writing productivity tripled in a week!
im soo depressed now:(
make sure you fill out one of those "how was your experience here today" cards, lol
ah that's happy hour..... But you'll be happier too!
Gas is 3.94 at walmart. Get it while its hot. Everyone else in avon is
Looking For A Haircut ? Call US 305.866.1940 Thank you !
SO great! Best mentor ever. Hopefully more about Agave. I'm hooked on it.
Working on political #SoMe strategy. Love that Socialmedia allows poltical figures to be transparent, open, and honest w/ their ideas.
Birds of a feather truly do flock together. Spend time with people of
What do you do? I eat one cake chocolate! Love
this is some sort of joke right?
Super soaked + ladder + hot water = cleared satellite dish! Yay!
Happy Easter
Lost Occupation, Lost Art as Sports Cartooning Declines - New York Times
Waiting in line at best buy
I'm having nightmares :((
Try our Thanksgiving Pizza! Garlic Sauce, Turkey, Mashed Potatoes, Green Beans, Stuffing & French Onions! Side of gravy optional.
Today is a really good day to be a powerful listener...it may improve your bottom line...think about hearing what folks are saying today...
Can I please send you my amazing spec of P&R? It has blown away industry writers! Please contact me. Thanks!
You're a Father Ted fan?! I think I just fell a lil bit in love with you! :)
We are looking fwd to Philanthropy Day! Our Board Pres, VP of RD, Dir of RD, Dir of Marketing, & Grant Writer will be there!
Ugh, no much to do, so little time, and not near enough energy!
Yesterday when it rained a little, Aidan screamed, "THE TREES ARE HAPPY!"
right on man bar is called Innjoy it's in my neck of the woods
please follow me back?? <3 :D
was thinking same :/ How has no one intervened in this shit show?! Kids are screwed
Come by and see for yourself! RT : I hope that 120 min isn't killed yet!
call the contact provided earlier on that site.They move the meeting date due to the holiday
Im trying to get to #2000followers....give me a shoutout....I'll do the same
Refs, what about that walk -3
networking is key join me and i follow you
All you need is 20 seconds of insane courage and I promise you something great will come of it.
That was a great fucking movie
Good luck! Please rub your success in my face...perhaps you shall motivate me.
Today will be the first time shooting a same-sex wedding! Its also my last wedding of the year.
“: looking forward to havin you back in Denver.” can't wait to see this
Now artists have the ability to interact with their fans! Part of the digital world!
when the stitcher app on my phone freezes, which is often, it plays a WTF as soon as it unfreezes. no matter what I had on. wild.
Looks like I should be winning at life then...
After an amazing week of events in Beverly Hills and Hollywood is heading home to SD!!!!
your gonna go though?
I am more animal than the zoo allow
nice. Are you working 19?
I will beat you with a mother fucking baseball bat.
The person with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it. Goethe / God created you with purpose!
Tilted and a bit burned out from all the big games the past few weeks so driving back to SD tonight. Til next time LA's friendliest!
Ha! I'm not gonna lie, it is for me too.
5 zillion individuals in the United States are affected by drug and alcohol make use of
that awkward moment when you realize you talk to someone on Facebook or Twitter more than you do in real life..
Journeying into the wild
#Thanks to the #Native American writers,actors,and #AUTRY for your support of the #SKINS WRITERS GROUP.
Hello Monday! Hope everyone had a beautiful weekend.
No, now see, that would be reserving any dumbass remarks.Very different from smart ass remarks....like the one I just made.
Wise and mature people never depend on others for validation, happiness, or a forecast of their success!
Happy Birthday Coco Grande
congrats Kelly to you and all of your guys as well as Ronnell Lewis w the Lions. BD
When someone lies to me I want to drop-kick their fucking balls
Man i swear they aint..Me i just like wearing/having nice shoes..Idk why ppl cant just be reall about it
I know...everything!
#shocker! D. Rose got injured...
If you're in #Indy tomorrow, head downtown at 11:30 for the St. Patricks Day Parade. We'll be walking in it with all the agencies!
RT when someone try's and fail and then try's and fail again.do you think that someone is going to get back up and try it again or give up?
We have pick up RT : I am thinking about joining you this am---one ? - how are we getting back to NBC?
nice. Beamer Benz or Bentley.
The new web site is out of photoshop, and into Espresso. Some css tweaks and it'll be going live very soon. Coming soon the new edroper.com
Good morning Princess! You have a blessed day too! Doc
congrats on turning 4 months old! Your Sixth Sense and Social Network stickers still draw many laughs on the minifridge.
Something tells me we have psycho monkeys on the roof... Production Office
Rae from giving a great talk on ArchaeoCart--quite a trooper, competing with construction noise outside!
love da tat
