When I listening this song.....
To be on the safe side, I recommend that you install windows 8 on a virtual machine.
Fuckk his show is this weekend andd i dong think im going
And you love every one!
what the heck do you need to wait for he has won 15 straight games. With a super bowl in there
Can't wait to hear about it. Let's make a time to chat in Atlanta.
Hot pink ;) : To enter: What color is the Too Too scented polish? Include #BetseyWeek in your reply & answer within one hour.
awww ask see what they say worst they can say is "OH NO HOW DARE YOU OFF TO BED YOU FILTHY CHILD" whats the harm x]
LOL! They ran out of Hienies hot sauce -- people went #apeshit!
sure am :)
someone out there doesn't like us too much.
The Knicks are looking like shit right now if they lose everybody knows that's it for them in the playoffs
Surprise fireside with the creator of Instagram, coming up!
Call today to find out how we can find you the perfect position.
Just talking to you puts me in a way better mood!!! 💋
Mr. Ryan, are u furry because ur egyptian?
Yeah Holla At Me At N Ill Send U The Price List!
watching the Titanic. Rose & Jack :)
smoke a bowl
At little brother's lacrosse game, parents should not be allowed to yell anything at HS sports games
that reminds me. Haha. I got asked..text me
I believe a congrats is in order? You're a
There should be a rule that whenever a Bush endorses anyone for President, a siren would sound and they would get a pie in the face.
Happy Thanksgiving.Enjoy time with family and friends.Love you all.
Hoes On My Dick Cuz I Look Like Justin Bieber
Art is great for the heart and soul!
BHS Spring Festival, presented by the Drama Dept. 7pm at Bellingham High School. $5 at the door.,
how many shows do u in a day
RT : Today Show features Lexington as 6th best place to raise a family out of the top 100 cities (Childrens' Health Magazine)
The only time success comes before work is in the dictionary. #Truth Vince Lombardi
Uh lemme get uh Turkey sandwich Uh lettuce tomato.....bitch!
I am coming to see you on May 21st. Or 20th. Which? You'll know by the trachten lingerie scattered over The Husbands.
there was a game when I was a school kid that involved conversing without using one specific letter
Lol, jk. I would never do cocaine. I'm not into that.
I figured you were still asleep or at guitars those are pretty good options these days
Come join for some line distance lessons at on Murfreesboro starting at 6pm tonight!
Pa-pa-pa, pa-pa-pa… Pa-pa-pa, pa-pa-pa… Love Papageno.
goodnight everyone! :) xx
Whats the difference between a tornado and a redneck divorce? Nothing, either way someones losing their trailer :D
RT : Damn son .. Mayweather's nose is leaking .
Take advantage of the free stuff given to you.
Dont u hate it when someone calls ur inspirations/idols stupid? I hate it
you got this!
Too much smog in the air LA
what's neww??:D:D
hey waht was the messaqe you send me about ? lol
Get low in ya squat and swang ya arms~
It's mothers day!!! Thanks to my somewhat not really stage mom who I love till I can't have emotions anymore. 💙💜💚❤ happy mothers day mom!
TEDxCLE @ Cleveland Museum of Art
Hate guys that are picky as a mothafucka, can't fuck with that 🙅👎
I just got sanctified on y'all.
Thoughts to self, bus edition: She is *really* good at tail-whipping. She's whippin with conVICtion! (Lady in front of me with ponytail.)
January is the EPA's National Radon Action Month. Raleigh Radon is offering a New Year promotion: $115 for all tests through Jan. 31st!
Never going back to my docs.. They don't help me .
Like the makeup of the image rights panel. Since I work at a museum I'm really looking forward to this.
about to go on a 2 week fitness spree, cause i wanna look good for the summer.
the first to forgive IS the bravest- with or without an appology
How is your prediction of #Montana over sitting now?
#sdmayornp Dumanis wants transport and housing handled together. Filner attacks Marriott deciding TOT: special interest multinational.
trailing by 1 in 8th! #letsGoOs Rally caps fans!!!
LOL. That's what I do... but I continue to buy books for the reader I want to be.
I haven't noticed any heat issue, but I'll remember to keep that in mind, now. Is it actually not a big deal, then?
: RT sunsetstrip317 is the place to be this weekend Indy!! VIP upstairs!!!!
People make mistakes in daily life. Anything you want in life or join, it takes practice. Don't ever quit or you will quit everything else.
Pretty pumped to play at home this Friday night. Not very often I get to do an all ages show, especially with my seniors graduating so soon
Be smarter. Be cooler. Mist it.
Michael Spiller looks like Jon Hamm!
Our favorite bromance is complete again! Welcome back :')
Sir, yes, sir!
How's the Cetera treating you? RT : Dear , stop with the Adele already. Please, just stop.
They are pretty legit... I must say
what up shorty
need to figure out how to combine the events. Lego macs ftw!
it's all good! Got to pay the bills ;)
No instructions for product usage included with my #gossipgirl #birchbox... What's up with that?
its whatevs... shitll buff!! Have fun:)
Classic cars on the Circle! YES!
European players grow the interest in MLS; younger DP's grow the quality. Thinking interest is 1st priority now.
About to start cutting some people off, I have too many "friends" right now.
that's funny; my driver in seattle today was totally excited to square me too
Pack dominate Chicago. Yep, Jesus enjoyed his birthday!!!!!
A week from today i will be in chicago for a few days!
I've never been this excited to get an email from Amazon lol... my replacement camera is on its way!! :D
Hey guys. There is a train now from Downtown L.A. to the Westside. That means more bars to hop. Ride free this weekend.
I still DIE at Jennifer Saunders' cameo in SPICE WORLD
I think I'm pregnant. Everywhere I go smells like shit.
Yes, the Eyebrow Bar at Chandler Mall RT did you have an eyebrow threader in AZ?
I thought first period was super long 😞
Hilariousness is about to begin. RT : ...Barmes. For the first time in his major league career.
just hit the a wall! only got 2 hours of sleep.
hahah I love you.
Austin Rivers... Wow.
"How do we become relevant to the legislature?" learning to become effective advocates at
was it called Ladmo and Wallace?
On one hand I feel sorry for poor people,but on the other I know some that are just plain lazy,and want everything handed to them. UNRAVEL
What's the name of the article Damien?
for real man. So ready. Looks like June
Of course they are. Ain't like they've got anything else to do!
Man... I try to hold shit back and in the end I'm the one always alone in the dark.
Oh wait tomorrow is Friday: Jesus, my brain is fried!
Okay,so I am REALLY liking Joel Kinnaman in this black hoodie.
look at the tv and kameron blow gives up a grand slam.. cool
I had steak tonight.
so your girlfriend is from Florida you say?
Thanks for the #FF! :)
Midweek momentum. Every step is progress that brings it closer & closer. And I like how that feels....a lot!
My problem with Smurfs has always been that it sounds too much like smurbs. Which is a made-up word that only exists in my head. But still.
Doug Dawkins, great to have you on board!
Action items before REConnect: Get Canada, NZ and full international support and the ability to list rental properties.
This math test was excruciating :'(
RT Destiny is not a matter of change, it's a matter of choice; it's not to be waited for, it's to be achieved. - W.J. Bryan
Dont care if its so last year but i need to be a firey red head again! Need to get my mojo back :P
Wish I was having Spicy Dr. Pepper shredded pork! RT : Time to make dinner...what's everyone else having?
I can only assume this is a late April Fool's joke........
he wouldnt know wat 2 do with you, stay wit the brothers
What's the best non-fiction book you've read recently? Looking for something to read next after 5 books of Game of Thrones.
There now, steady, love, so few come and don’t go, will you, won’t you, be the one I always know.
we hangin out the window its bouta be a suge knight
Preferably a Fitness 24 or a church basketball court
Totally sucked into True Blood... Kristin Bauer sent me the first three seasons a couple weeks ago and I'm almost done with them...
BTW, I have witnesses (coworkers) who saw me jogging just in case you want evidence of my West Coast training.
You really can change, your reality is based on the way you think. Oprah
i need some sleep that doesnt involve me getting up for school
Watching The Breakfast Club with my love:) waiting for my sister to get home
I'm really disappointed in you Horrible list. Where is A$AP, Schoolboy Q, Chip tha Rip, 2Chainz? You have gotta be kidding me.
Today's National Teacher Day! If you can write your name, #thankateacher. If you followed your dreams, #thankateacher!
I saw some on ebay you can bid on that matches your description.
No, I don't think it's a funny joke to turn up the heat in the hot yoga room.
RT i be a super cuddle type of nigga in the mornings haha that shit funny to me ...
We will be open Christmas Eve - 9 pm. Open Xmas day for the Thunder game - anyone with a game ticket stub gets the first Domestic on us!
Fit and Fab "Sunday Edition"
Getting ready to rock the Biebob in Vosselaar, Belgium!!!! Not sure that this sounded 'proper' but that's ok.
: baby can't wait till you get here
Thank you Clifton Forge! A night to remember!
My Mom was born in Deadwood.
Please RT: Authors who visit schools: Get listed: www.illustratorauthor.com
I applaud your integrity, miss.
This is my life....
But I'd love to see what a librarian does on vacation! :)
You know I <3 you! :) And I was bored
shit was rigged! Tiny old people are more aerodynamic.
Don't hate cuz is spot on every time about Truth hurts bro
me too! is an awesome draw-er, though.
my niece she half black half Puerto Rican.
SO delish. I love this place!!
are you only in the UK?
how you gon blow wit out me ?
Oh god. That's one of the worst I've seen.
Take the Lead Lehigh Valley Girl Scouts honor Frances Hesselbein w/ the centennial award today!
The chick that plays Angela on the Office tries so hard to be funny in real life
and informed me that today is #PhilCollins day!! Awesome! #sussudio #againstallodds Random.
haha of course I'm still alive!! Just been #toobusytotweet :/ are you alive?
Coral looks good on anything, especially lips and nails.
tweet tweet tweet!
(the question not the book) through a relentless investigation of and engagement of radical political groups
Can't you see sweet thang.
I didn't think things would come to a head so quickly for Paterno and Spanier They are both toast.
Good luck to the #HOOSIERS and #BULLDOGS tonight!
Az much az o luv Women I'm bout to turn These cards over
girl your not white
This I must see. I'll try to stop by after work.
Always and only big boys at Alchemy. No 'session' beers.
Well it's off to bed. good night.
Thanks for the link. Definitely will do in the future. I now have Rocket Scripts off so Disqus works. Should I still report it?
I really hope you wouldn't talk to that tramp! Lol
2011 Cannes Film Festival Coverage
Momentum Shift! Let's go #Yankees!!!
damn they be having you work late
Talk on making classrooms transparent: ie making everything except the grade visible to all students at all times.
#VAUMC11 How can those who are wheelchair bound participate in a standing vote?
#Palko is a boss
share me on ur twitter I need followers !!
Dave Franco tho, omg
My BMI showcase show is tomorrow Weds!!! Come on out!! Very important show. Starts at 6pm sharp at the Basement here in Nashville.
Love my parents! Thank you for being so supportive!
so do you know if your coming to school tomorrow yet?
its funny, I feel like DC is the smallest big city.
Thanks for stopping by! We know the little ones will enjoy those toy-filled baskets! RT : Decided to fill Easter baskets with...
We're at the point now where it takes Kobe a lot more than 48 hours to recover from a hard quarter covering a team's PG.
About to knock out this paper tho
twitter now <<
Who are some artists that have helped you through difficult times?
Talking about the weirdest instances in which you have been unfollowed on Twitter next - ZenLive.tv
Today, if you walk down Michigan Ave. in Lansing, you might get a free Jimmy John's sandwich. If you ask for veggie option, you might get 2
BIG but delightful trouble
“Each one has to find his peace from within. And peace to be real must be unaffected by outside circumstances.” -Gandhi
When I'm hungry, I don't like people.
Having a great day building new contacts online - enjoying twitter and www.organicchurchtoday.com come and join in the conversation
Benefits of an Indoor Fitness Class
Those commercials with ladies talking about wiping their butts is one of the reasons I love living in this era!!! Also Shazam.
Thanks for the RT. Looking forward to the next meeting (our first!) Meet you soon.
Yeah, I remember them not being that great a few years back. I think next year could be their year. I like Spallina.
Happy Birthday Dave Gahan. :D
I know! Showers & storms may keep you up/wake you up early....
OK two run Sox lead in the eighth. What could possibly go wrong?
lol, it sound like you can't stand dat nigga
#140 "The Hisser" pushed/pulled the 1st test train; 140 did what it does best, made that lengthy hissing noise, twice...
Watching #thevoice while studying for my exams tomorrow is the best way to do anything!
all do it.
Writing cover letters is lame.
I'm following you : Thanks so much. Enjoy the weekend ;)
Austin is flawless ♥
Excited for the unveiling of the Golden Hill Farmers' Market. What a great addition to the neighborhood.
Finally, common sense prevails.
Growing up in Nebraska, it was my dream to learn from Danny Nee. Now he is here at workouts studying drills and recruiting my kids
I don't get too TIPSY n being HARD is too RISKY!
Agh! I killed the yeast!
complete opposite of SKC
thank you so much for your prayers and support!! Hope that we can see your show soon! God bless!!
hey... How ya been?... Lol get out here and enjoy this weather
hahaha i thought it was kinda easy too... yeah, we're both screwed lmao
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one’s definition of your life; define yourself.
Trump wants to see bin laden death certif; denies his hair is al qaida safe house
Re: WEST "I'm hoping to see this show again - it's a wonderful surprise, full of talent. Watch out for the bears." Mary Foster Conklin
“: Boom Boom Pow radio day.. I miss you!!! see you Friday!!!” I like.
I like it! Who's your ghostwriter? Just kidding :)
End of an era for the yankees it seems. Who do you guys have taking the world series?
These clown ass niggers that call themselves the GMB
The heat won't lose this series they jus makin it interesting to give the media somethin to talk about
While, I (& many others) are happy that the comic book movie has finally been perfected; or damn near close to it.
: I want them all, too! :) So glad to hear you enjoy the blog!
they are onsale right NOW!!! get em before they sell out.
The Comprehensive Immigration Reform of 2006 was a extensive bill promoting major immigration reform
What a pooper of a day. I hope tomorrow is better.
RT “: “I’m not familiar precisely with exactly what I said, but I stand by what I said whatever it was.” - Mitt Romney”
heard about a drink with a big red inside of it.
where is she?
An active old lady, who I could tell was quite a looker in her day, brought me a glass of water when she saw me doing yard work in the heat.
you miss Beasley at all?
Happy Defender's Day everybody! Catch me on the Mark Steiner Show tonight at 6:30 PM talking more about it.
Who do you think you are. Running around leaving scars. Collecting your jar of hearts and tearing love apart
hahahah I'll have to check it out.
Cotto got on pink knee high socks... He lost already
follow friday? why not :) have a good weekend everyone!
It's party time at cisv Halifax!!
he should say how his servers are great for cloud based-geolocalized html5 SaaS mobile applications with async backend push
#PackerNation let's welcome Worthy and Hayward !!!
Can I have her?
Haha..thank you, he's a great dog :)
plzz im begging you !!
no i really really want to tho have u?
Ah, I totally understand. I hope you are feeling much better soon!
on God they do lol
uh huh.
"The Walking Dead" best zombie show ever on TV
I just wanna go to bed. I'm sick once again.
Let's Go Bucky!
the weekend show tonight :)))
If your living your LIFE without giving an "F" then clearly your living a L.I.E.
End of Summer Web design sale. Get a professional web design up to 5 pages for $399. Logos for $99. Hurry Special ends Oct 1! kinedoinc.com
Crying for the past hour over Ryan.
i has cable, but I've been catching up on HBO Sunday night tonight.
At work right now Ah
The fur on your new kitty looks...um... plush. But seriously, way awesome of you for adopting!
Looking forward to the housewarming tonight in Boulder. See you all soon.
Good afternoon everybody!!!
come over!!
Some stories truly never get old! Love it. :)
Sears Back to school offering Mouse pads saying "I molested you honor student." and others Please RT. We need to stop this!
Some people tell us they notice healthier looking skin.
I didn't send you a dm. I got hacked today. Sorry for that.
on the 950; check TOTN page at NPR.org to see what Mary Jane Watson says about me in "The Many Loves of the Amaz-ng Spiderman"
I want a big dick inside my wet pussy right now
Money team. :)
have you gotten any offers on your music. Ever thought about coming to the states? You have a unique attractive look You'll do
Fred Savage and Howie Mandel, you can't go wrong!
Awesome show last night ! Y'all need to come to Murfreesboro and play for the #MTSU crowd
Tonight's the reception at the Daily Transcript for San Diego's "Top Influentials" of 2011. I'm proud to be one, couldn't have done it alone
Sonja needs to quit turning the lights off in the living room when I'm still in here.
So my shirt glows in the dark guys (x
its the first snap of the last straw where the last regrets out weigh the alcohol! LOVE this song ;)
what other thing lol
school was terrible hahaha to much things to do -.- I need summer now! :/ & you're so lucky hahah
Ok fellow #madmen fans, I think we can simmer down... Just Don having some crazy illness-induced dreams.
I don't have boobs. Now what?
awesome! See you there!
Hope You are feeling better, Amit Ji! Coke Studio is Rocking! You should See/listen to Jugni Ji. What An Awesome composition! :)
it's all good! Cast a wicked spell for me!
How the hell do you do this Twitter thing? I might as well just send email to my friends.
18 year old guido kid just got on the elevator. This is the motherfucking midwest. Get out.
same here!!
lolol Orlando distinguishes itself yet again
Though I did learn is quite an influencer. She's got #Klout on wine and children's books
Got taste for 2 mcChickens with cheese and bacon with a large fry and drink....OMG I'm starving !
Wish i had some food in this place.. Or maybe a blanket or pillow. Living like a homeless person right now.
Do any guys use Pinterest? Or is that exclusively a woman thing?
Wait, there are still people "icing" one another? I can't believe that lasted for more than a month.
Let's go oregon state beat washington :)
just look @ the pic i made you today and youll feel all better.
Come check out my presentation at the Sheraton Resort at Anaheim (CA) today - 12:30pm(PST) - on EmPOWERment. It's going to be fun and...
Happy Veterans Day!! May God bless those who have served and those who continue to serve our country in uniform!!
Got my DJ gear today for my shows.... just waiting on my new Korg keyboard to come in and then i'll be ready to rock some shows for Jesus!
Am I running sound tonight?
do you remeber performing at Camp About Face in Martinsville, IN?? i think you came in 2001 or 2002.. i was there! :)
friends who live alone: how did you make yourself feel okay about super high rent? or was it just plain worth it?
Im really hyper right now lol
we totally should! I won't be back in NYC for about a month but I'll ping you then... I'm always game for anything choc/sweet
"I just wanna feel real love, feel the home that I love in. Cause I got too much life running through my veins going to waste..."
Popeye's for lunch!
Happy Thanksgiving! *Gobble Gobble*
me too!
Mean. Bad. Nice logo! Assho. I couldn't forget if I didn't have OCD----they click in my EARS what's a synonym for crazymaker?
Mobb Deep fans had reason to worry back in April when a series of negative tweets from Havoc's account, directed at Prod
Wow NASA actually has a freaking twitter...amazing....
We're in a band, guys!
I'm not perfect but u know what I am me 100% American made
i think nadine will win!
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of time like dew on the tip of a leaf.
I certainly hope that's true. He is a gifted young man.
I need to text someone psss give me ur number he!!
El Pulgarcito got a much needed little makeover. Some new menu items too.
SHOW US A PICTURE :)
always a pleasure, I'm sure... Lol!
Going to watch my new favorite show on Jetflicks - Modern Family as I run. Thanks
You're good to go as long as you're a subscriber! We'll make sure you get some swag.
you're welcome! :D
*Tanning Specials TODAY* From 8a-12noon, get 2 UV Tans for $9.99 or Buy 3 Instant Tans for $45! Receive 30% off your ENTIRE purchase all day
Where is the pre-film lunch happening?
Always the bum hoes wanna show the most skin...
Martin! Thanks for sending live from Sweden! ": You are quite a pro by now , send our love to your famiy"
After u say "yea" or "oh ok" the conversation is pretty much over.
Early to bed, early to rise, somethingsomethingsomething = ME.
Is ESPN blocking that game in NY tonight? Eff that; I wanna see Shaun White send it tonight @ Winter X Games.
i want to be on
thank you for following us, new york times rocks.
Ori still loves you and I bet she remembers the day you 2 met
“: Entrepreneurs are tested more in landing than in taking off.” ain't that the
Just drove back to #Fishtown from Gap, PA. Ugly outside. Stay in and watch
": The money don't never sleep"
Allow me to point out - I am not a #Heat fan. I am a basketball fan. Watching #Mavs basketball has made me hate the game for years.
- we know people.
Hey we may be up for a competition her at #uwmjmc307!
I guess he just really needed to smoke. I just knew he would light the blunt on the bus just cause he didnt care who saw him!
silly, right?
Pick-A-Boo! :D
thank you for recommending us as a place to visit in Houston! We appreciate it!
Indeed- especially the process of emptying them out!
In debate class were like doing this project thingy and i bombed a place (:
Thank you darling! RT : :D, Your skin and smile look GREAT !!
I'm even more worried about the threat to the American Community Survey (replacement for Census long form).
I changed my pic to the best hockey player ever!!!!!!!!!!! =P
Let's go tweeps --» If you enjoy + new video - Text You're My Baby to 18764442453
Thank you for the mention! Hope you had a great weekend!
No Vaseline - Ice Cube
There. Is. Nothing. Better than popcorn.
after being sick and not eating well or working out, I feel like I need to be extra healthy just to get back to normal
Still bummed about a field goal miss but today this #BSU fan is cheering for
how do you know the Rose figure already? Thought it was 30% of salary cap # (which has not been set)?
Could a real broham bring a coffee to the duck blind I'm in over 14th st & I75? Don't make too much noise.
Tips to County Board candidates. Don't make accusations of criminal behavior that are easily debunked
I wasn't aware it was a bad thing
(&I) agree Team iLuminate Best! SamB made me laugh. Loved Zuma Zuma Taylor Davis nice voice wrong song selection Fatally - good
New video in a half hour!
Don't let the San Diego icon fool you - the iPhone app from last year also works for
The Incredible Titties
I feel like reddit is the dude version of pinterest
What would happen if George Washington climbed down from his Mt Vernon pedestal and made moves on Man/Woman? LUV! Still plenty tix for I Do!
Sorry about that - our twitter account was compromised. We've fixed the issue.
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy♥ please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp ♥ 7
On our way to Jersey for the home game. Got a few more friends to come along for the ride. Hoping for a big win tonight.
I got me a Valentine
Put a deposit on a new place today... moving sucks but I'm muy.... muyyyy.... EXCITED!!
Hey are they the ones in that weird industrial area by Edmonds maintenance building? You like?
We're a new restaraunt in Lakeview serving fresh sandwiches, homemade soups, and salads.
Haters can´t bring me down!!
Port Allen Mayor Derek Lewis will resign because of his pending federal racketeering indictment as part of Operation Blighted Officials!
Here's one solution to God's problem of how to talk to people who were afraid to talk face to face. Deuteronomy 18:15-20
Agreed! RT : PTI is one of the best shows ever in the history of television. Yes, I said it.
hurts! Come on Raiders. smh
and how. 17 years at it.
Well, I'm not sure it is a good film, but it's memorable. Hope you do get on screens someday. You've got great presence.
Who cares take the penalty, this is just sad to watch. They need to just walk off.
Nice! Good luck. Dunno how much time you have, but you gotta eat @ Shake Shack, Bleecker Street Pizza, or Artichoke Basille's.
his company's brand. His, not 'the.'
Thinking about what type of legacy to leave behind
Today (or maybe this week...or month?), is my favorite friend. :)
dislikes holding an umbrella more than being wet.
I know it is only Tuesday but I am already thinking about the weekend. Any suggestions for good things to do in #SanDiego this weekend?
good atmosphere, it's larger, just as close to the farm, they serve food, and it's on a hilltop so really scenic!
She was joking? lol
‎"Without strategy, execution is aimless. Without execution, strategy is useless."
huh, perfect sense.
Screw the naysayer wordpress can be used for large sites -
Good afternoon everyone. Have a blessed day! God bless... Joel 3:10!
Good morning #TeamFitness. Let's make it a point to be in #BeastMode all week. Let's Go!!!
Dick Vitale just called Todd Graham "gutless" during the Pitt/Louisville B'ball game
hey follow me! #1 (:
Thank you everyone for your support!! Check out the site and buy a brick for your loved one!
Thanks, man! RT The best when it comes to betting with convenience. The partnering with was pure genius
haha sweet! What's your user?
How can you hesitate? Take risk! Risk anything! Care no more for the opinion of others, for those voices.
Spring Break: Phase I: Ford Field, Detroit. Phase II: TBD (Studio or San Francisco). Phase I: Exhibition baseball, Milwaukee.
I just have to say what u posted about Vickie was right on the ball I applaud you
Sorry, I haven't been on here guys. I've been super busy, who is ready for 's CD? :D
Stay strong through the pain, because you can't make a rainbow without any rain.
Fucking hate twitter sometimes... I'm on tweetlimit for no reason...
send me phone numbers get my iphone in a week @
Just got up, now I'm getting some thing to eat!! ;-)
Checking my email.....Wow alot to read!
movies was great now its time for me to sleep so goodbye
Even if I showered this morning?
Happy Birthday Amy!! Love ya! have a great day, you deserve it :)
happy b-day to me;-)
Day 4 in Big data week house and looking forward to another amazing day discussing Big Data and revenue today
word our society has imprisoned God endeavoring to subjugate Him to our whimsical nature & human conceptions.
saved on my phone too !! <3
it means "fuck your mother" in spanish
oh shit I'm on PS3
These gabana sunshades block the sun rays.... Weezy F
awh <3 i cant stay away from my prince <3
Congratulations, in particular, to Prof. Terry Harpold, winner of best presentation for "Wikis as Teaching Tools"
- I feel like I've been trampled by a herd of truckers
Everyone wants the truth..But no one wants to be honest
Hey look they all use a Mac, on a desk, exciting! Oh that guy has 2 bloody Macs. Wow!
Now she wanna text back<<<<
If Mitt Romney beats Obama then I'll believe in the Mayan calendar
for the sake of irony
Aw, thanks!(: <3 & I'll definitely tweet you sometime.(:
Rangers going to the WORLD SERIES!!!!!!! Yay woo hoo ... So excited <3
Running for a Cause: Top 10 Accessories for Any Runner - Yahoo! Sports
Sometimes I forget to remember!
'Fortywater, Bring me up to Speed, PIMP!'
Count your life by smiles, not tears. Count your age by friends, not years.
Return to the Return to the Leadership page
Tebow added as a backup really shows what the league thinks of him. He's about as welcome as a porn star at the Oakdale high school prom.
...you just missed your Italian Stallion. He asked me for the Asian girl from the front desk ..wooohoooo
new cut n sew all over screen printed shirts now available!
Regarding routing and workflow, always eager to hear about specific issues and suggestions!
Some days, Draw Something makes me feel even more stupid and less artistic than usual.
Woo hoooooooooo when I feel heavy metal
Dreaming about finals, school, death and work.
I just got told by a customer that "you are like Sassy Scrubs if Ed Hardy bought them!" I will take that as a compliment!
A toddler just barely able to speak sang " I go by "Titty two necklace" -_-
LIFE CHANGING INFO UNLOCK AUTISM 5 Keys To Unlock Better Behavior Social Sensory Speech. Email for talk recording
I wonder if seniors date sophomores,,,guess well find out eh?
Best. Tweet. Ever. XD RT : RT : On a caffeine high listening to ^.^
Couldn't agree more. Bushnell's article gave me much needed insight for a character I've been forever developing.
its not just friday, its also the start of the second annual friendship-day week.
I have extra 4 tickets 4 NCAA tourney in Portland Session 1-First game time 10:40am. Let me know if you are interested
i love plotting library futures with can you be the admin of my perfect library? i'll be head of undergrad research.
You turncoat! lol :)
I'm currently chillin on the couch, watchin THE MATRIX on TV. That Neo sure can jump y'all! Glad he took the red pill
Shape Your Body And Personality With The Exciting Boot Camps In Pennant Hill
Tom Koulopoulos taking the stage at
AC broken in the office, it's 82 and climbing ... guess I won't need that sweater today.
I've had like ten people ask me what's wrong today.
Darius Miller Test Drive, sign up here in the show room for a test drive and enter to WIN a Signed Basketball by Darius Miller.
That description is awesome yet frightening.
She tgink she a good girlfriend dat wit me she a never be
I expecting to have an Android update later tonight or early tomorrow. Faster uploads & better compatibility with some newer phones.
they do not call him the viper for nothing
my allergies are blocking up my creativity..........
and by march madness, I mean go watch the crazy guy eat his underwear outside the 7-11 on 8th street
that looks like Japanese nuclear meltdown vomit
Dominance: #Nationals' Henry Rodriguez closes 9th against the #Reds with 3 Ks on 10 pitches.
Just got my Amazon gift card from !!! Very much appreciated and so timely with the holidays approaching :)
RT : Shorthanded goal by Dan Labosky completes the hat trick for the junior Colorado College recruit and makes it 9-0
Think Im finna take a nap.... sounds good to me.!!
Happy birthday ! You've given me years of stories and a way to bond with my parents and I didn't get you a thing! Forgive me
Friday night with Pink Floyd playing
Bonus of living in NM: free spa treatments! Today I was treated to free microdermabrasion (e.g. wind blasting my face with sand). ;)
Wine blogger tasting at Monte Bello vineyard
Trying hit mall of America
Thanks so much for the RT And thank you for the #WW You guys are the best :)
Inappropriate "trashcans" replaced by real trashcans in #blackstoneVA. Mayor Coleburn & town clerk Daniel set things right.
From listen to local sports talk radio there seems to be several UK fans who wouldn't mind having him as the head man.
"Too many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people they don't like."
neither site is working still...
(Forgot about you not watching many movies. :)) That's right, Capt America was the motorcycle dude.
Just scanned 6 different appraisals for one guy who bought 6 engagement rings. All priced above $17,000 a piece. Where can I find one of him
I just have a hard time playing characters that everyone else uses. I would love to see a random sindel win a major though
wait...wha? The Pro Bowl was on this weekend? Who knew....
"Paradise is here or nowhere: you must take your joy with you or you will never find it." -O.S. Marden
these vagina trees are killin me.
; remember when we were best friends?
RT Not a good couple days for knees. Gamel. Gonzalez. Rose. Shumpert. Rivera. Davis. Yikes.
Have you planned an event yet?
This cruise better come fast!
I got a Geronimo Stilton in Chinese today. I refuse to believe I ordered it.
Yo tomaro friday happy goin to see the silent house
I'm tired of going after somebody who doesnt even want me back ;\
yea right thats mothers day... Noones gonna get off!:/
And as you know, I'm not a "dog person," and yet it did it to me.
Not sure why they call it "Playing" catch up... cause this is not a very fun game! #Emails grrr!
Yay! Me..i get to be at practice at 6:45 in the morning!! What joy -_-
Seriously bro, please stop
heading off for the night, will catch up tomorrow, cheers and good luck
Colorado!! We are hiring a Copier technician. Please call 303-778-0600 if you are interested in this full-time job.
Jane Paradise says you'll be at 2d st tonight. I still owe you a beer, I think...
Lean On Me #np thank the lord for my supportive family and boyfriend through thick and thin
Twilight: Breaking Dong (am I doing this right?)
hell yeah it was so crazy and the weather was nice as hell .. next trip u hav to come
Enjoyed working with new studio client from Louisiana producing great song last couple of days.
Financing Homes Across Indiana for 29 Years, Community Mortgage, Indiana lender 877-829-7161
good Morning all!
Naw, I mean it all. Points and rebounds near even. LB has more assists and steals, Durant has more blocks and 3's.
": Hunger Games had an impressive opening weekend. For a film without Batman in it."//Best tweet of 2012 so far
im ready to go hard homie.
Thanks Lee :) Hope your Sunday has been good.
LOL OH yes!
In from Cincy to come to ...looking forward to a great day!
RT schl library spaces should be... a place where everybody knows your name.
yeah totally dude. Are you going to the show?
lol that's no necessary lol we just friends we get along better or else imma turn into crazy bm lol
What, don't respond to my text? It wasnt that weird..
#VCU is giving Indy a run! Gotta love that Shaka Smart. Oregon, WI native!
Nice. Enjoy.
I am so proud of the people from "Melrose" that are graduating Tuesday, y'all did it! 👍👍🎓🎓🎉🎉
Shop Diamonds & Pearls Couture Hottest Fashions
that's what I'm listing to... Brings back memories I didn't even know happened
I think I'm gonna buy a potted plant to grow. Check out my green thumb. :)
Cuter guys here Lol D&b Lol j.k
Happy Friday readers! My #FridayReads is Bossypants by the fantastic Tina Fey
all night doors opened at 6 pm were open till 4am. Just mention my name as the promoter and your good. Thanks Phillip Hawkins
Ignore my text one shame on you, ignore me twice shame on me. Lolzz ✌
Welcome to r growing consensus hub Thnx for following!
it's good! Now I just have to figure out what to do with the worlds largest loaf of bread haha
Actions speak louder than words ..!
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Harry potter and the sorcerers titties! ⚡
Q: "Do you keep hope that thing will improve now that president Obama has promised he will do something about it?"
Coming up next week talks Terence McKenna and The Invisible Landscape and film techniques using fractals to imitate deep space
Good M0rninG ! ( ü ) dude have a nice day ;D
Love is a game that two can play and both win. Eva Gabor
macaulay lab has sounds from all sorts of animals, not just birds, from cornell lab of ornithology.
Mad Men: To The Moon! (And Crashing Back Again) - Huffington Post
wavy flow.
You know how much someone loves you when you manage to get them entirely disappointed.
That quiz is tough! And I thought I was up with my scores.
naw nigga it wasnt that real. But it was good as fuck though
Dont expect accents. A lot of ppl there do not have them. its quite dissapointing.
Does anyone know if Bags still has any "Brown Hand Center Good Hands of the Game" eligibility remaining?!? [Too soon to crack that one?!?]
What time?
We've got THE "it" gift for Valentine's 2011. Details to come soon. Watch this space.
STAR WARS IS ON OH EM GEE! :D
Join us and 1,000 inbound marketers September 15-16 in Boston
hey i heard you were a wild one
Is it the full moon making everything so loud? Dogs howling & barking, loons going crazy, the cicadas are deafen- OMG VAMPHIRE!
the guy from jack-ass.
Whatever you are focusing will show itself. Mine just did
hey please follow me please (:
hey ray, how the hell are you?
When you assume... choose the other option. Dex is at Disneyland.
Diet vs the gym! Which one is better???
If Kobe played 4 the Milwaukee bucks id follow them! Deal with it! Haters and uneducated ppl
Had THE best time last night..lots of moments..got to spend time with the people I enjoy the most
Taking in Manhattan with my lady—qualifies as one beautiful Monday.
Peace and Blessing to You are So Fab.... :-)
Geez! I still have to get some cards out.
get on skype....
im holding you to it!
Likewise Lisa. Let's do it again soon. Maybe next time we shoot to be on Jerry Springer. Great seeing you!
Yoo my mom just brought me a Chicken Burger :)
I believe that the cultural fit of a job is an important component of job satisfaction. This article makes an interesting connection that …
They took er' jubs!
I need to understand FireEagle better then. At 1st glance seems to expect user to do/know a lot about location.
My cat enjoys licking my toes.. I wonder if he enjoys my obnoxious laugh too :)
Sad thing is I have no idea where my brother is right now. He's 17 and I haven't seen him since he was 12. I really do miss him <//3
Mike Aiken's First Christmas EP "Almost Christmas" is sure to be on constant repeat this holiday season when go visit family in Georgia.
Hope we win today!:)
#rAndom ok I'm fux up noW lol
Aw shucks. Come up and vist DC in to visit Beertown in July. Love to have you.
I don't wanna talk about it.
IION GOT TIME FOR FOOLISHNESS DOE
we'll start being around more come mid-July. We'll be posting on FB and twitter letting ppl know when they can stop by.
every time i think i find a bug in deform_boostrap, once i dig into it, has already figured it out and it's my own fault..
#SUPPORTED by you 1st #TeamFollowBack autism walk may 20th in Atlantic station starts at 8am walk for a cause
Settling in with wax poetics and billy ocean while sipping rye cocktail.
NGOs should package information relevant for the pipo they work with and some useful information is on social media platforms
It does make me feel better having an eyebrow twin :) Good thing for eyebrow pencils, phew
Awesome! "top female blogger in the UK!"
And why would a sane person bungee jump over croc infested rapids? It's like going fishing.
Ramsey is Clams...how on earth didn't you pass the ball to Van Persie...
YES just from the 1 minute I met her for she seemed so warm and vivacious. Would love to have her for a teacher!
Fantastic quote this morning: : "A successful team beats with one heart." --Unknown”
thanks for the RT! :)
Haha.. that's a very generous report! Thank You! you guys & aka. Herr Goldfinger RULE!!!
did you know Jason derulo broke his neck!?
Heat game and Os game
one can only hope...
TODAY'S THE DAY! New Vampire Diaries & Secret Circle starting tonight at 8 on CW20!
Y'all need to go to bed!
working in rg217. rev war stuff.
were not dating. BUT UR MINE.
Sometimes I can't tell if that sound outside my window is a morning dove or someone lightly choking a baby.
But I would have starved trying to get enough teosinte in my diet
it was on!?dayumm im watching Shrek <3 i love Donkey lml
Heading out to meet up with Amanda's family. Then dinner with and his lady
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you can play an instrument.
I like it!
Trying to decide if I should buy a car. I don't need one, but sometimes it's nice to just drive down LakeShore.
when uses big words <<<
it's ok. I found it on YouTube :)
Why are people talking shit tho?
did u miss me ?
do you prefer hard copy or electronic submissions?
"If you need to get to Manhattan don't stay on this train." -- L train conductor
#YoungAdult #YoungPro #WorshipNight is in two hours!!! Be there! 4112 Garland Drive in Raleigh, 7-9pm. We love you and want to #celebrate!
surf conditions are great today!
Its been a while since I've been this tired! lol
Obviously if we wanted to be with you, he would. bitches causing drama, always
Google officially owns my life.
not all spanish men are perverted. There's still some of us that like being gentlemen.
I MADE THE AUDITIONS! Omgomgomgomg
If you have to drive in Stockton this afternoon, stay away from downtown.
This tweeter thing stills seems weird to me.
“ ": Loyalty over Everything..."”
Thank you, Mo'Kelly! I appreciate the kind words! Looking forward to Saturday's show!!
time to practice like a champion
I don't like to where the color purple it makes u look old and lame
I can't say anything about your skewed thinking, but it does seem like a real possibility that people will start thinking the 'museum ex ...
get your refund !
I like to move it move it #butts ;)
ugh guys suck im up way too early grumpy gona go back to sleep peace out
Visit us tonight for a #foodiechat special just say #foodiechat tots or pizza anyone?
Traffic Accident US 29 southbound at i-64W ramp. left lane blocked
And how'd you do?
Before you go thinking I'm white trash maybe I should remind you that there's wine inside this styrofoam cup.
i hope he does hahahahahahaha
Eating at Ruby Tuesday (:
Off to my cousins baseball game!
I don't know, but that is a great band name
um whose birthday cake is that?!
happy birthday good Sir.
I guess. Lol
Heading to KC today. Just can't get good barbeque any closer to home.
Is it really 88 degrees.. in marshfield at the beach <3
I'm gonna step out on a limb and call myself a Linux guru. Very curious, why on earth would you choose SUSE?
hey ! can u follow me? i love U !
Jay Matthes. First one ready at the Matthes house.
Yes, I did just use the ladies bathroom at the bar.
Just got an exclusive listen to s next single "Now Or Never". It sounds hot, should be a Top 10 hit!
What's your big fat failure? More importantly, what did you learn from it?
Hell has three gates: lust, anger, and greed. Make sure we guard these gates and get out quickly!
RT : Unpunctuality is probably my biggest pet peeve. Six o'clock means SIX. Not five after. Not ten. SIX.
do you like your chicken fried or choked?
Tablet Face-Off: Budget Models From Acer and Asus vs. Apple's iPad 2 - PCWorld
thanx for mention. U have awesome dedicated trainers. I've seen great results from your bootcamps/nutrition plans
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 2, 2012 UC Berkeley wins $60 million for computer center UC Berkeley has won a $60 million grant
I don't know what to tweet.
“ Whyy we always argue bout the same thing .”' Man
RT : We've got extra buttons! I'll drop one by your office tomorrow <- you'll be out of bed?
SHOUT OUT TO THE WORLD AND MY GOONIES....WE MIGHT NOT BE READY BUT WE NEVER SAY DIE...
"A man's real possession is his memory. In nothing else is he rich, in nothing else is he poor." -Alexander Smith
I realize that I'm about to get beat up for this but I don't get the Hope Solo obsession. She's not really that hot
I hope the latest post presages an announcement re. the much awaited (and lusted after) iOS app. Seriously.
#NFAIS12 Gen Y doctoral students believe in sharing work in principle, but most don't in practice.
#Dananjay #8 in the next at
eat that thing like wanton joking baby im pimp type
Both Libya and Syria have seen uprisings against a dictatorial regimes in past year, but are the two comparable?
Have you ever gone home after school, looked in the mirror and said, "Oh God, did I look like this all day?"
I did not say that. Mr. Green playing my husband did though. I just stuck with the NOD. Perspective! It's frozen dinners not Bruckheimer.
Come on, Joe...lyrics ARE real life!
- thanks for the follow. Merry Christmas & happy holidays!
If you live in the cities of Chicago and San Francisco watch for our flyer in the mail. www.hairlink.co
lol where at?
Thanks for coming to the forum last night and for engaging online!
yes, my speed reading exercises are paying off tonight
really how is it possible then? radio is very expensive
Traffic is a bitch when it's raining -.-..now time to relax till 630 then pick my mom up and go to some "Nepal new year" dinner party
haha his songs better not suck, he's a great performer
So blessed to b able 2 walk my kids 2 the bus stop on the first day of school. Being a hands on Mommy is the single most important job!
To I have to turn my phone off at 11pm my time if you need me just dm I am here 4 you all.
“If you have good friends, no matter how much life is sucking , they can make you laugh
Pretty much the only reason I like living here is the smooth transition from winter/spring/summer. We've had none of that.
Hello out there , and ! Thank you for the follow...
Yesterday I gave an impromptu 100 second presentation about baseball. Can I add that to my CV?? :)
Wife came home today bringing king cake, REAL french bread and cheap tasty red wine, all imported from Louisiana. Miss it so much.
There is nothing that you need in order to be perfectly happy
I appreciate that ALOT, Lori...I am just a regular guy who played #bytherules #4GTweets no bots, no deception,
I never really thought about the added costs shipping the larger bottles, thanks for that!
#MUSICREVIEWS Bombay Bicycle Club - Plymouth Pavilions - Island Records
!! RT : A4: Culture doesn’t just happen without a set of rules. Leaders must be the “steering wheel” to keep brand on track.
Single most overrated metric in marketing: Number of Facebook fans.
One is a job, and one is a hobby. But anything to make money and stay afloat in this topsy-turvy economy of ours.
cool! Let's get in touch and work together! Got time for a mtg?
Nothing in the mail from
Theme for today - Grow where you are planted
nytnyt and sweet dreams allie~ hope you had a great day~ love you so much my dear friend <3
great times
duh twin I'm coming out lol
- did you receive our DM?
Gotta be at work @ 5am. Ugh. Going to sleep.
....Friday the 13th!
I like how the office gets me and my sisters classes mixed up
and outplay the rock band that is
I liked your school FB page to help you get to 25 so you can get your URL. Looks great - good luck!
Wait until you see the #friendiversary pictures. You wanna talk cute!
I'm miss y'all the mostest! Not even sure I spelled that right :) haha
We have the right to be guilty untile proven something else . We are living in a world of change.Need to press the reset button
Matching books 2 teen boys ~ 2 of the hottest titles in our library were written by authors who r also screen writers: A. Klavan + D.Gilman
#follow me poker playing degen
I'm doing it for muscle growth and strength. Summer is around the corner. :)
The broncos need a real quarterback so they're looking at peyton now
- glad to see you on Twitter!
what's the word mayne?
Orioles are going to win the AL Pennant.
Thanks for the tweet favorite!
Thanks for the mention, Kay. Have a great Tuesday!
Cincinnati. Please take the time to check out the our tent!
Read rate for text messages: Over 96% thats 5x higher than emails. So y r u still sending emails out to customers? Learn more @ 916-420-6020
#idol in Pittsburgh baby!
i miss my childhood
I appreicate the dialogue even though I feel differently. I hope he (& the rest of the team) can elevate past this mess.
WE ONLY REPLY TO THE SERIOUS EMAILS, IF YOU'RE "TALENTED" SUBMIT YOUR EMAIL #Thankyou A 100% ENT
Because it is awesome!
Always!! “: Train 4 Win ”
Hello love....
good move
studio time
Hey! follow me for amazing healthy snack ideas!!
#alecexposed #alecwatch Are corps writing off ALEC activities as "charitable donations?" Just wondering.
#marijuana is the most common way HIV/AIDS is transmitted. but if you dont smoke it, you probably wont get aids. be smart say NO.
Wow here at work and just hearing about Donna Summer...RIP
but c'mon Chris that tweet was just dumb. I'm sure Bron and Brown took a legit arse kickin'. Them dudes wasn't in ever game
Here we go!
Preciate the SO. Stay locked for all the discounts!
MGC will be a great opportunity for paranormal researchers to come together and share knowledge and new findings.
If they really want to help send Garcia to the Red Sox bullpen !!!!
holla at me!
Ever dream of learning tennis from an actual pro? Paul gets his first lesson at Kim Grant Tennis Academy, this Saturday (4/3/10) @ 5:30pm.
At home at last!
I guess you didn't see the postgame press conference lol
I haven't watched any football this season.
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
REAL friends wouldn't let you do dumb shit.
A toast to a fresh new year focus on what you really want and go after it like theres no tomorrow.
All things bright and beautiful
"Write to be understood, speak to be heard, read to grow." - Lawrence Clark Powell
Hey, - I'm a Code Year Cataloger!
which #METgala looks did you guys like best?
I'm doin a chicken tacos and hot chocolate meaal right now Lol
It's probably what's best for you, I only want the best for you, and if I'm not the best then you're stuck.
Indpls is looking for a lead actor in their upcoming stage play previously played by Tony Grant
Hogs win the series over the #2 Florida Gators Woo Pig Sooie!! Now lets Go Celtics!!
Sorry, I was working!
Looks like my invite got lost HA! Reporters aren't welcome and I don't have $40,000 in loose change.
lol my little sister told me that's what my grandpa calls her.
so sick and tired of hypocrites! im not the only one whos has made a few mistakes, your not perfect///
Good run for SKC. No shame in losing this one.
left handed more like best handed
Somebodyy take me to Alabama >.<
If you see that we are following you, please follow us. We love you guys. Thank you and God bless! Also, like us on!!
Anyone wanna voxer me?
reminder - “: Hey #UVa Students, Chalking on brick sidewalks is prohibited per the record. Just a heads up!”
Packed with ten sports, Kinect Sports drops you controller-free into an eclectic variety of athleticism.
Interesting to see #mnleg members interacting with people during Vikes' stadium debate. One Rep just posted response on Facebook.
You have, and I have always been so thankful for and appreciative of your support! Love you too!!! xoxoxoxoxox
iPhone lover right here! RT iOS 5 is coming out October 12th
#giftwrapping. it's that time of year...
#StupidTwitterQuestions why are random people following me on twitter bitch it's call fans -____-
Looking at a macbook pro...650 bucks!!!
Anyone in Denver for the USA PRO CYCLING CHALLENGE?
The dream, the dreamer, or the Thai food that gave her the dreams?
Natalie was going on a killing rampage
thanks jen! I will be at a conference then, I think, but look forward to hearing how it goes. Best- gh
They should CO-EXIT!
I'm very sorry to hear that. You know the exact feelings and frustrations.
For every $150 spent on Giftcards get a Complimentary Serenity Hour (Valued at $110.00) Through December 31st!!!!
good to know
Fuck school not in the mood for this shit juss wanna sleep all day :/
who r u
Do you guys have transcripts for folks with hearing disabilities, or who might want to read the show instead?
super interesting interview with warren littlefield on right now!
I speak Texan!
nope yall one of a kind
Stanford to play Oklahoma St. in Fiesta Bowl?
but I'm lil rob lol
Stupid Staar testing. Makes the day boring as hell. :(
RT I Love my big sleepy head
yes i can haha;)
So bored right now...had to come to school early to watch my mom do the coffee cart. >:(
I worry that people who prefer opportunity and self-sufficiency might be outnumbered by those who don't.
wats good boy
Perplexed to see this in e-flux, an art world journal- but glad to read it none the less!
lol you coming to my graduation
shout out to for giving a shit
Was that necessary??? I didn't think so...
thanks for the follow! I am excited to come visit.
Add an actual crowd in the building and this game could be mistaken for a March Madness nailbiter...go
Tony Bennett starts the #jazzday concert, amazing!
saving the best for last! #markrolston human > machine
I have so many #dreams and now its time for me to stop dreaming and make things happen
You meet thousands of people, and none of them really touch you. And then you meet one person, and your life is changed... forever
i am not getting on twitter like i used to.. dang..
cramping so bad! yikes. I hate this. );
Already planning where I will enjoy an outdoor #HappyHour cocktail this evening... ideas #Baltimore ? I'm stuck in a rut...
you realize what you're asking here? RT : C'mon Cubs! ...
Making the FUTURE!!!
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. Ayn Rand
started a Facebook like page, got Madame LaQueer to do an interview with me
you're more than welcome!
it runs in the family
i know! It terrible that people really depress others to where they kill themselves</3
Bout to head out to Gonna rage with Funkagenda
#WhenAustin tweets cute love quotes (:
Cover looks really good I want to say your best yet..excited to hear this joint...
: Santa came early! We got 10 (11" & 13") Maxed Out Apple Macbook Air laptops to give away! Follow us & RT to win!
Thanks so much for featuring the Data Management Wonk's 2012 Reading List yesterday. I appreciate it.
;-p had to help ya out.
Father Daughter Golfing on May 19
Haahaha. No! Its okay. I felt bad cause I was soo confused.
RT oprah's in the "michael jordan playing baseball" phase of her tv career.
THEY'RE PLAYING CREEP BY TLC
Gonna hit the ground runnin' ... I'm ready for you Monday!
#NASFAA President Draeger was adamant in claiming that the #DREAMAct is not an amnesty program. All Americans should learn what it means.
How do we partner to bring Kettlebell certification/ education to your trainers? We are ACE providers but see more possibility!
Smh right i didnt want too stay too long cause it looks like you was havin a good time . lol
You think he's looking to fire the band and get a new one? And then another keyboard player can hire you guys? LOL
I think Steve Talbott also makes that sort of point in various ways. But what worries me is that we will assimilate to such models.
debating getting a #kindle or #ipad for my grad school textbooks....any suggestions?
How was twat !?! Was i was there
not drinking has limited my outings ;) A buddy is singing at RubyRoom tonight.
FaceBook? Add me I'll accept it!
BO!!! Nyesha lost because Bev didn't pick enough ingredients!
Yeah I saw that. :(
Do remember it's all about #REGGAE MUSIC every Sat. 6-10pm (est) "R.U. IRIE" spinning the best in Reggae, #dancehall, roots, lovers.RED ROSE
i need a song that will make me happy wat should i listen too anyone??
Who told you life wasn't worth the fight? They were wrong, they lied, and now you're gone, and we cried ! Miss you beautiful <3
Apparently, the USC DISASTER APP was apptly named, worked on about 7% of the phones. No iPhones. Some Droids. No Berries.
#thethingsbradlysays oh wait we got a buy one get one free coupon. We can go back!
Thanks! You as well!
Marty has been a champion of increased funding for the EPIC Prescription Drug Program, and fought to protect seniors from rent increases.
in the divorce, i got rid of my ex and kept the Sox, so to celebrate i went to 2004 ALCS game 2, special day for my new life
Its a beautiful Saturday! Let's make the best out of it.
the first goal shouldn't have counted but the line needs to be held stronger
I know it really seems like way too much shit at the beginning. If you lay it out and pace yourself you'll be fine though(:
Congratulations on your new position!
The best part about pop-tarts is the edges
Cant wait! Have fun RT : TIME FOR SOME BEACH VOLLEYBALL! 
feisty girl
Fresh mango >>>
Another turnover on downs? We only needed a yard too ...
Working on overdue book review for Jacobs' "Imagining the Middle East" at S-bux in suburban MD = not most ideal Saturday eve.
Relaxing before going back to work...90210 time.
Great to know that. Thanks for your views!
A lot of people should have stepped it up in the post season - Hossa before injured, Toews, Sharp....Kane had 4A
Officially a sophomore in college!!
Rest easy, landlord. Your personal information is kept private with our 'For Rent' signs. Sleep in and check your email in the morning.
Q: Why does the Easter Bunny hide Easter eggs? A: He doesn't want anyone knowing he's been fucking the chickens!
Which begs the more embarrassing question "So, Alison, how *did* you already know of both sequels?"
Thought there was a chance I might go home today...then woke up with another high grade temp. It will likely be at least another 24 hrs :(
A. LOT. and good for you :) RT : Daughter looks into refrigerator, "jeez, how much beer do you drink?!"
Louis , please please please Answer my questions , Would you come to Turkey?
follow back
Headed to the hills for camping and meteor shower watching. If the #supermoon isn't too bright to see them!
"we'll come to that bridge when we cross it"
Excited to hear from tonight at !!
In DC for Museums Advocacy events = policy lectures, hallway handshakes, briefing bored aides already on our side. Still I wouldn't miss it.
I'm about to call it a night...
No problem. I wanted to let you know.
Bruno Mars and Train are not going to be enough to get me to return to #Preakness. They are a step backwards from Zac Brown Band.
Big hit.
It's gotta be Tommy Streeter here
Thanks for the invite, I went to see the muppets movie this afternoon. You should see it if you can it's pretty cute!
I'm a poet and they didn't know it! :-)
Dude since you have nothing to do we can hang out! Kay? Kay sounds good.
Oh I'm already sick of the term "brogrammers."
just found and on twitter....both super funny.
I just like to say a huge sorry for not posting so much! i did what you said, focus on school and get good grades! i have <3
haha I figured :) but I gotta look after my new friend!!
Well I am beyond annoyed. That is always fun.
Lo e demi's dress
Victoria’s Secret models ‘athletes’
Honestly, being #single and having no potentials is kinda #awesome, I've got no one to think about but me!
If I take you out of the picture, I know real niggas won't miss ya.
Let's go USA
its been a rough day for me too I've been a crying mess. Text me if I you wanna talk about it!
#iseeyou to Alexis
Haha, yeah. Potter Stewart test, but for the entire country.
Let's do it!
For the record, my car smells like diabetes still.
Also, we've had enough! We're creating an instagram account! Who should we follow?
Catcalls at the thought that #SanDiego would not be a desirable destination. Seriously???
you can't triple stamp a double stamp...Lloyd LLOYD!!!
RT : A grateful <3 is a forgiving one. How are you practicing forgiveness?
The camera bike is getting fixed this morning. I've already danced neked in the desert above Cave Creek AZ this morning. Yippee!!!
Apparently, failed to inform me that she changed her twitter name to #buttface!
Brewers themes Yes! Yes! Yes! tshirts will be made this season
Q4 Also, everyone is right about volunteering, interning, or working part-time. You need experience to get a job. Sucky but true.
Sausage queen competition was sun thin else. Cheers to , cheers to my fellow judges, & cheers to
Remember that time we ended up watching it like 15 times one night because we kept falling asleep but it kept restarting?
yes! Good country living!
zomg that looks awesome! congrats :-)
You should show up anyway. Just in case.
Haha, did you guys find a place?
Home, bath, dinner, kindle
If lesbians arent attracted to men, then why are they attracted to women who look like men? #mindblowing"
what's good... good hearing from u sweetheart
These pork chops is SMACKING. <3
Well well lakers...i hope thunder close out series 4-0.
you're such an asshole. i luh you!
Is it lip service or lifestyle? Dr. Baylor
Thank you for riding the trolley with us last week! Lots of videos coming!
Follow me please? all of my friends love you and your awesome love you!!! 143<3 Help out a fellow Canadian :P
Up time to go so more money just called .ah love my life!
Gonna need a new pair of shorts after this one
Praying and thinking of my husband and all fighting for catholic education!
Corey Hart's walk-off single for the #Brewers in the 13th for
I do the same thing(:
Why does my mom hve to ruin my vacation :( she's comin to Indiana
I CAN'T KEEP DOING THIS GROUP WORK WITH THESE AMATEURS
Rain+no power =horror movie in real life. Crap.
This weather is pop
It's not just right, it's a requirement! Enjoy!
How you make the darkness seem so bright, feelin like things gon be alright
It wouldn't be a brunch guide without you!
I didn't think you were working for a small, European publisher. ;)
BAILEE! SHUT UP
She must be the gatekeeper for all that is important.
So sorry to hear that, I'll keep him in my prayers
which games are you playing these days?
#myflaws - I let the stupidest shit get to me and I over analyze everything.
"The great and glorious masterpiece of man is to know how to live to purpose." -- Michel de Montaigne
is almost here! We have been planning for this moment for years! We can't wait to host our SB guests!
Make sure you check out the King Tut exhibit @ The Children's Museum of Indy!
haha. nope. was it fan favorite Rex? the color guy. he's been a real delightful addition to the booth this year.
In the midst of WiMAX Forum Pavilion planning for ITU Telecom World 2009 - lots of details to iron out!
well when you want to have one just hit me up lol
I'm tired of waiting for you to look for me. It's like waiting for the impossible to happen.
Love my bf:)
follow me please !!!:)
girl u better give me some xD
waking up with so many knots to untangle in the morning
should be illegal.
That reminds me... i need to buy my tickets!
Lord, God keep my mind stayed on you~BAMM.
He's almost gone almost......
SILENT DISCO FLASH MOB
Greg Oden talks to KATU about those nude pics of him on the internet... tune into morning news on right now
RT : Grammar: the difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit.
Hey there, hi there, ho there.
Super! Thank you for all you do! Looking forward to next year's event!
U 2 Bear! RT : Great to connect with you, Linh.
Painting ma nails :)
#thingsIfear...Shaming God's name.
I got that future boom boom boom !!!
I still don't like u guys...
how are you sir?
Try getting a bike during the same time period you are covering stories about bicyclists' deaths. I feel you.
Trading $LNG like a pro, looking to write another OTM covered call against it.
Missing and this weekend. Reminiscing.
Tomorrow night lockland bar& grill 713 Wyoming super sexy Saturday ladies 1$ shots of goose till midnight. Party hard til 3 a.m.
I AM SO READY FOR THIS SEMESTER!
Happy Birthday Bro!!!!
Eating Skittles :3
This dude called a ”bangee”! Lmao
2012 is going to be our year #YBPartyCampaign2012. Making major moves behind the scenes
same here.
Ew. We have reached the point where it's still hot outside even nearing midnight.
The industry of ideas. Stop worrying about the pennies on a billion dollar idea.
Just need the non-run producing single to go with the walk, 4-3, and double play for the Mauer Cycle
I can go! Both dani and I. I'll try to find the password and buy tickets Friday
For all you starving fans of THE HUNGER GAMES, wait till you see the special edition of I Heart Cinema coming soon! [1/2]
I know how that feel!!!
I accept. Re: : have a blast at #SEMF. Give a hug for me.
Yup. I'm looking for underage entry sign in their concert. I'm still 16 y.o remember?:/
Montel Williams can get me 1,000 bucks by tomorrow! Awesome!
Cool concept.
He was a better rapper. And on beat RT so says mr. Getting jiggy with it
Pansy Plants Are Now In Bloom At Strange's Garden Center
ARE U IN NEED OF A CHRISTIAN DJ?? KINGDOMSOUNDENTERTAINMENT CAN HELP FOR ALL TYPES OF GIGS
Fav TV show? Hands down.."Lost."
“: Am I the only one here who can't get the damn live stream to work?”We apologize if you had technical difficulties.
mine are teens, how I miss those days
canceled flights are made of teh suck.
thank you!
no but i looked in your recent images and i found <33 aww lol thanks <3
Never tell the devil what you are trying to do, meaning shutup telling people. I have learned to keep these things in my heart and tell God.
I may not read a lot of books, but since August 12, 2006, I've apparently read 54,239 stories via RSS. Not bad.
Tune in to "Forum" on KQED 88.5 FM tomorrow at 10am. I'll be on with "Tenderloin" writer/director Annie Elias & 2 of the actors.
They were probably just very busy this weekend and that's why they turned ordering off. But we'll keep an eye on that, thanks
Lets put all the names in a hat, shake it up, and pull out a lineup for tonight.
what do you mean... Do you not like me?:/ because you always say hi to me!:(
oh vertex. so full of girls claiming to be named "raven."
Thanks for the great tweet, Kim!
potatoes are gonna potate
yup, just today!
Trent is a Cleveland BROWN!!! Very excited to have him and ....
Please don't :(
Afterward, will they call it Occupied Wall Street?
Juggling 3 projects at once is difficult. Especially when they're all due in 2 weeks.
Adversity is the state in which man most easily becomes acquainted with himself, being especially free of admirers then. ~John Wooden~
Welcome aboard I'll try to tidy up my desk before you get here!
The mountain at Stone Mountain Park is the world's largest known free-standing piece of exposed granite, standing at 825 ft. tall!
g tweeter you follow him, he follows you
i love your hair!
awww cool... & ill be waiting ( :
you're shitting me...were those really their names? Hahaha
Who remembers slam-dancing?
Want to wish continued luck shooting Nate and Margaret. Looks like awesome work so far and just from production stills.
mind me asking whoo? :')
refreshed. off to go clean some more
“Every problem is a gift - without problems we would not grow.” ―Anthony Robbins
thanks for the RT! We had a great turnout.
I wrote a feed for the story all about the baked goods in the 7-Eleven but it didn't make it into the story! Bah!
Damn just ran into a friend I ain't seen in years.. his name was "Blunt" lol
Inside the librarian's studio on librarianship. How can you lead?
No idea but I'd bet a majority since a majority are men. There has to be a poll/survey on this somewhere...
Happy Tuesday! :)
I swear I want every bead you carry! Amazing shop!!
