I will! Need to take some photos of actual dolls first. XD
no problem
Hey how bout a little AC? this shit is a sauna
Took all morning to get kids out of the house (esp the teens), but now they are frolicking happily in the snow.
is trying to figure out how to update my profile and failing. Feeling every bit of the retard my sister regularly claims I am
no prob. Well, they liened every asset he had. When he passed, as we sold his assets, the IRS had to be paid 1st. Big, big mess
Thank you.
Whew! Mayor cancelled his meeting with me tomorrow. I'm not sure I could even spit out one sentence to him right now I'm so damn mad.
brown eyes are beautifull
so proud (:
it is inevitable, I guess.
Happy Thanksgiving and congrats to y'all who finished the half marathon today! See you tomorrow for #blackfridayatl!
I always follow back too. Could you help?
#ISPPAW Kyle Caldwell doing a great job with top ten list of nonprofit federal issues Role of Gov Loss of Trust is
To the girl who slammed on her brakes to avoid hitting a squirrel - good job. Hope the SUV that plowed into you was worth it
found my geometry book!
RT : Happy to pass #THATCamp Bay Area baton to & Planning begun for Fall 2011! Want to help?
Heard the CIA records 1 in 5 text messages and now knows Americans are obsessed with penis pics.
Someone mention me or something im bored ! -____-
Woke up smiling
When your at a concert and the person next to you clearly doesn't know the words but decides to scream them out anyway
I want some liquor in my life right now.
The commercial must not have been produced by a science person.
In the Hills of Beverly blowing hookah pipes with Sports Illustrated swimsuit models because it's the Hollywood lifestyle that I lead.
we are being lame :( staying in, another night for sure!
Elena is silly. She still has to think about damon's thing. If I were her I'd say: YES, Damon I LOVE YOU! I wanna be with YOU! hahaha lol
I really shouldn't have ate all that good... Again. ... Someone rub my gut?
So effing tired!!
Cheryl Coles new song is awful.
The Embody from Herman Miller
Chi foodies, did you know there's a restaurant named Moneyshot in town? Anyone dine there? Would you?
#highschoolmemories get'n kick'd outta school & having to go to that mexican alternative school for half of a semester...
Sopunds like a beautiful festival!!!
Till :"you got a pussy, i have a....dEEk, a big dEEEk." hahaha xD
PLEASE RT - FOLLOW
I want to buy The Ridpath.
Thanks for the RT and mentions
right back at you girl! Excited to start our film together! & can't wait to see video! She'll do great like her mom
#BOYFRIEND is Number 1 on THE VOICE :) xoxo.
#WhatIMissMost the simplicity of being a kid.
10pm tonight! The VBB at Jovitas! Truly a fun night. We LOVE playing here. Come join.
I want to spell #hell not he'll...
You're welcome.
I was on my best behavior this evening lol
Yes I did.You know I can go ALL NIGHT!:P
#Imagine Zayn's eyes are focused on your lips. Zayn sighs:''I'm in need of a little kiss. Please? Just one?'' He grins mischievously.
Turning dreams into reAlity
Okay, the Art of Glow app is awesome! It's like a Lite Brite alive on your screen. It's free. Try it out, kids will LOVE it.
volunteering for nten this afternoon and helping them pack. Will prob be at info desk i will let u know!!
check me out on youtube "Happy birthday Vickie", "MEGASTAR IN THE MAKIN"+ "its me again" I'm singing in all 3 videos also chk
haha! Did you find one of the traps? 
Jack Tobin, son of former N.L. premier, makes day parole
that was definitely not supposed to happen.
Just shook Robert Krafts hand no big deal
I've been trying out Twitter more lately but I really prefer Facebook...Twitter is so overrated and it's not as versatile.
who gives a shit? It gives you more street cred if you're just following a few people anyway.
Can't wait to go out tonight for my girl McKenna's 21st!!! :)
i wish i could.
i am not pregnant, I swear!!!! Nor am I 16. So, Im safe haha
To support mother and father, to cherish wife and child and to have a simple livelihood; this is the good luck. -- Buddha
hey, good to see another Troublemaker on here
We are going to be on the Steve Harvey Morning show tomorrow. Tune in!
Great weather, have fun! RT : Brown county breakdown!!!!!
hope your final went well this morning! And good luck on the next one!
Fingers crossed!
Random fact: channing tatum has 2 kids
Hey guys check out The Alpha Agency they have a sick competition!
Ordering one of my favorites today Guatemalan Huehuetenago form the Palmira estate! Buttery and chocolaty with french vanilla notes!
can't see it in the mobile version - what is it again?
I've been pretty good :) hbu?
Working with some new materials that aren't really on the market yet- We've got new effects coming soon! We love to be on the cutting edge!
Sorry I missed you last night! Our 6-8 office happy hour went on until about 11:30p!
congratulations. I am a 3year breast cancer Survivor .18 years sounds good very inspiring
How many times i gotta say time is money
De La Soul's "Stakes is High" is probably one of my top 10 favorite Hip-Hop songs of all-time. non-negotiable.
Reminder to weekly owners: All 30 #MLB teams play seven games this week, with each club encountering three opponents, too.
Eharmony.com is for prudes. Where's the fun in knowing the guy before you meet him?
Does not love me anymore..
I am done with Tech now. They are irrelevant anyway. Time to move on to LSU. :-)
Happy Monday Columbus.. pretty pretty out.. isn't it!?
I'm doing really well! Working on taxes right now..... almost done!
got 15 gal of dry irish stout that I wanted to infuse w some coffee flavor before st. patty's. figured that my best bet
its a cool spot... if you are ever around central Austin you should come check out our location outside of Hole in the Wall!
Be safe on your journeys my friend!
did lito produce the beats for meek mill new mixtape
apparently we had more of the english ECA to do -__- but good thing it was the essay part, i'm better at typing up bullshit for an easy A c:
This is horse shit.
How do I know Rick Santorum is the real deal when it comes to his faith? He never uses jimmies or pulls out.
Most country music these days doesn't sound like what my parents listened to at first but if you listen closely the similarities are there.
I'd go, but would probably develop a habit.
Interesting perspectives about ethnic identity from Kagan's research. Even v. young kids see hybrid IDs as complex & contextual
Back flips are way more impressive than front flips especially if they are done by cats.
I just gave catnip to Porkchop for the first time. Turns out catnip is the kitty equivalent of crack.
It was a good run...
#Coupon friends: Successful trip to Harris Teeter this wk (Saved $100). Tons of VIC/e-VIC savings + coupon matchups. Thanks !
Hahaha, what if I meet Funkdation? ;D
firm I'm trying to get my buff bag well on sir !!!!! So scoop a nigga up like kat litter
“: #Pisces - Who wants to have babies with you: Harry” best one yet
ESSAYING = LIFE
Its the worst thing that could happen, when you start to believe the lies that are said about you
I'll take "what is the best woman ever" for a $1,000 Alex.
Shout out to our friends and fellow fashionista's in LA and the Phil! Happy holidays, we love yall!
#IU #Crean tried to defend his decision to end UK rivalry matchup ... if you scared go to CHURCH! LOL
Baseball starts today! I'm extremely excited. Who's going all the way this year?
Never ever let anyone make u feel worthless... Remember- Jesus thinks you're to die for.
'The purpose of life is a life of purpose.' - Robert Bryne
Abraham Lincoln "My father taught me to work; he did not teach me to love it."
GO LAKERS!!! And come on Pacers and our Lobos own Danny Granger!!!
I've missed y'all. How are you?
Holly SHIT!!! The Game is following me!!!!!!
Goodnight everyone :)
' An return my books!
people are actually complaining about being kicked out last night, I'm just like, "I'm just happy to be here from Texas!"
Starting drinking coffee, it works wonders ;)
#1Seed baby! Hell yeah!
u guys killed it 2nite. Luv u guys
jonald fun fact #3: mom gave me the middle name Jude from St. Jude (but I will still say its from Hey Jude for my love of Beatles).
My heart stopped beating at the end of the game. 3 more to go :)
get the $
Oh, I post so much more to private circles--you're seeing the public persona ;) I like that you can post private, also add art.
tomorrow speeches :/ cant really say how i feel .
Smoking Kill, Dressed to murder these niggas
Why does the boy I love is so moody and rude ? Not fair.
Scrabble for iPad is the Shiznit
Chill bring a stick too
you LOVE me and especially when you hear me talking to the tv and yelling at the show! hahaa
haha she was kidding lol and so was I xD
yes hauling this my bf!
Evangelical Franklin Graham is a Republican Right Wing Nut trying to Convert Religion Into Politics Why is he getting airplay?
Giving #MadMen one more episode before I ditch the season.
Visit our info table next to Caribou Coffee for free tattoos and pens. And then come out to our Call Out meeting tonight at 6! :-)
Let's go CATS. Bring #8 home.
crazzyyy! I remember :) www.facebook.com/iamdanieldavid <--- you gotta add me on there tho! Just incase that happens again
Playin zombies tonight and I need a fourth, let me know if you want in.
reviewing footage we shot in rock creek park for the new song, Doin It In The Park, looking dope!
Someone come get food with me
thx! Hopefully I'll get some followers out of this. Catholic Mass Dem and politics prof living in nyc here...
remind me not to invite you anywhere.
An old woman at the bus stop gave me $10 for Samadhi, she said God told her directly to do so. I guess miracles still happen every day.
Black dude: I bought and orange From yo Cuzzin on the corner Mexican dude: I bought a dime sack from yours
Sorry folks...the campaign for to get the PA job took a break during the holidays. Just like the Orioles have in off-season.
Our Album Is #Mixed and #Mastered by: KP for Trackwriterz Studios Atlanta, GA.
Awesome day of Golf. Fun softball game. Cornhole party to wrap it up.
Yep. Grow up kids. Ditch the sense of entitlement. Newsflash: it's NOT all about you.
I don't think I'll ever be able to spell initiatives right on the first try
you wore there all along ?
pretty sweet if you ask me
dont sleep with gum
i swear man i hate spams
Right on
not calling u a whore hah
The Foursquare app is featured on CNN's homepage right now.
oh man you are damn right it is! its my fav so good ill make one for you next time i see you lol <3
I'm at the theater, ready to see #AVENGERS in all its IMAX glory!
Someone call me!
Yours too? Apparently there's some fitness blogger thing happening there today.
I want to be part of your life.
The heart is an organ most responsive to proper nutrition (real, whole, UNprocessed foods, oils). Can repair itself in 8 to 18 mos.
My "catching air v-style" reference may have been too obscure. How about a layout -> _/_ --| T |-- _/_
showing frequent mobile tasks from www.nngroup.com at
Ahh, How To Not Getted Tipped 101 at Sunset Trocadero right now
Me neither. RT : Didn't know its National Grammar Day.
RT : 2012 is here get on the floor and boogie i dust myself off heading for another start
thanks for the mention on Recycled Ink!
Jeff's watching golf and Im bored. lets do this
Good English language skills (written and verbal) are necessary in order to document findings and communicate them to colleagues
thank you too!
I'm beyond excited
Yea, think I saw a documentary on him on History Channel.
Indeed. RT : Get ready and breakfast on train. Very fine and we wish we could always live on the train.
want it
I wonder what Wale charges for a verse dude is sick he gotta be my favorite right now
nothin better than they good life
Post-it notes, notebooks, Evernote. Basically every where. I'll put post-its on a physical calendar to schedule writing
It's been free Public Service Announcements from the Ad Council.
mr. google and mr. blackberry have become friends
Well, I'll gain your love again guys. I promise you that.
the group is pretty dope. Romo introduced me to them a while back. #Shaggfest??
I Know Right!!
The #Royals got doo doo in their bed. (no matter how you say it, that's such a horrible expression)
Heading out to SCIAC
how was your day
"oh look free Jewelry!!" #mardigras STL
SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS!
are you an ESL teacher in vietnam ?
I hate when people puke blood on house. 😁
Beauty Within 2012 - GET THE GLOW BEFORE IT GOES! Total Savings - $161 on NEOCUTIS skin rejuvenation treatment. Expires 3-31-2.
As I catch up w/ my feed & see other #Google zipper posts, I wonder how many people DON'T post things b/c they've read it already.
looking to game mw3 or halo reach?
Spring break has started! Bam!
putting up the christmas lights.
Plane #2.... #sxsw here I come!
are you guys...
I seriously hate how attractive my friends are.
They say I am a abomination to obamas nation
It's so funny when secret fans pose as haterz,we all know u love if not u would'nt b on her TL so much,so called TeamSickiGarbaj
no no thank you for being a member , happy you love it! and one of these days, we'll have you come in and dj-
idk but every other concert I've been to at Phillips has been over $100 for decent seats. :/
Em had a blast. She and her brother were giggling and hooting the whole time. Hope Sophie had fun too.
My homework brings all the Asians to the yard. And they say "it wasn't that hard"
You have upset a lot of people...
I'll need to login and load a few of my instagram pics
I'm too loyal...too focused.
After today... I feel like I really have a chance at making the Silk Line.. 😃😃😃😃😃
They don't know a damn thing about us
RT : has a new shirt featuring ME it's epic and the shirts will be at my show at evo records dec. 16 in
I'm sorry I hurt your feelings. When I called you stupid, I really thought you already knew.
Hey guys! Check out on twitter and on YouTube! Check out his gaming vids, and his other vids if you want! :D
And now I have to go after school to finish a test tomorrow yippee..........not
lol that's not my choice. I can't pick another one or else I'll get beat down.
that's about how far it is from me.
Ft Myers sun conference tournament home to prank wars
when are you guys coming to pittsburgh?
Yeah who he like?
damn :) beat they ass lmao
thanks you so much! That means so much to me!!!!
My prof. might cancel class again today. That would be smashing!
thank you and good morning
Mention us OR tell your friends to Follow us, and get a promotional coupon code for 10% off your entire purchase! Isn't that #justFAB?
What sports readers are saying - The Seattle Times
Lead, follow or be a twit and retweet.
Yeah, but I don't think the goal of your campaign is to end up noseless. Just saying.
gahh, me too! Warped has such a great lineup this year! :)
When are you going to Ibiza?
nice HR yesterday! I love watching you play- too bad I'm 2300 miles away and don't get to see ya live that often... :(
Our July In The Rain by He Is We <3
Thank GOD for letting me see this day
Ellen and I are going to the Monsterball tonight. Who else is?.
just watched the end of Happy Endings from last week 4 times. It's good stuff
totally want that blue sweatshirt with the dog heads on the shoulders.#VSfashionshow i like to cover up my stuff... atleast some of the time
Going on a long run...deciding whether or not to come back.
Speaking of congrats! My alma mater West Liberty wins an overtime thriller tonight over UC for its double double-- tourney & season champs
In 2010 Dems lost everywhere. Doesn't translate. Feingold lost too, by same margin.
Great convos re: careers in cultural heritage after last night's talk. Why does straight talk come AFTER you're 5 years into #grad land?
#quotes Your premium brand had better be delivering something special, or it's not going to get the business.
Happy New Year from Evans Nelson & Company CPAs. What is your new year's resolution?
before I go happy birthday again to the most amazing person ever love you:* <3 💙❤💚💜
You made the right choice!
do teach...
Andy lustily...I've been called worse.
Twins -- not looking good. Need to learn the basics again. Baseball 101.
Class in 5 hours but I don't care because I'd rather spend my last few nights here with great friends reminiscing on great memories..
If you still stuck on yo ex steady worrying about what they got going on why gt in a new relationship
I'm sure, she gonna make sure that beat goes international. Lol
G.I.Joe: Retaliation looks awesome. Can't wait to see my boy, , kick some @$$.
that was an amazingly touching performance. He is bound to get an award for that someday soon.
Cancun was too much fun! Damn I miss it already...
That sucks. (I funny...)
I wishes he'd notice me lol but he's very busy so I have to understand
Email starting with m.magee good?
lol what's your next cop though?!
Andrew Windle of the DeWitt Law Firm is the author of The Florida Divorce Blog www.TheFloridaDivorceBlog.com
Life is precious. I hope his family can pull through it together. One of my favorite actors.
Dear Self: when editing a hard copy of your work, circling entire paragraphs & writing "FIX THIS" in the margins is surprisingly unhelpful.
RT : Wheels Up!!! Chicago bound!!! ✈✈// safe travels bro.
I feel terrible for you. Getting paid to watch games & design sports pages? It's not like you'd do that for free or anything.
have a good show! Let me know how it goes! Tested the 'cakes yesterday for supper #they'reincredible. ;)
King Vitaman! That was such great cereal. My dentist thanks you for reminding me.
New upgrades this weekend. We added a new #calendar and improved #recipes! It is now much easier to find and share your #family #food gems.
Sectors drawing highest antitrust scrutiny under Obama: health care, tech and agriculture
Wow. Sounds like a dissertation in the making.
Of course right before Christmas, but I am immune to it so I do not care, it is not my problem!
I love that about the internet! Xo J
Yes, it was fun. We gave it to her MiMa who ate with us today for Mother's Day, and the Cary Store put a gift in it for her.
Agreed. Your also the only one who understands.
i would dine on that for hours...or until i got hungry and offered to make you a sanwich
Why do you dislike me?
Today's #CovertTU word: HANDLER - a case officer who is responsible for handling agents in operations. I wonder if my handler has been ID'd.
Working on the final sound mix for the film. Exciting times www.petrginz.com
Last week of swim season, and of me being fifteen years of age.
bad for u;)
awesome! Yeah you must visit New Jersey! :) Jennette is so close to me but I can't visit her! :(
Hell no. and are cool. Haha
Music is me!
Our occupation then shall be parallel to our employment, liminal. Uncertain of details, though clearly Twitter will cont. to play a part
INDEPENDENT ARTIST SEND IN YOUR MUSIC TO FOR THE "INDEPENDENT ARTIST SPOTLIGHT"..
I drove extra slow to the airport, just to have 10 more minutes with you.
you panicked and didn't raid cayden kitchen with me, that's your bad, I was game
OMGoodness, I am so sleepy, can't wait tA get off get my baby and get home tA my bed!!
Just had a Skype call with my mom and my baby niece. Don't know how people lived far from their family before technology.
Playing a secret show at Memories tonight. Go on in an hour! Montrose and Cicero.
#amia Sean Murphy enumerates Medical Open Source software: FreeMED thru OpenMRS etc.
Ok do this account had pretty much dead ended and I moved the party here: Ty.
Sounds fun and delicious! What's your favorite thrift store in AZ?
I have learned something valuable today !
Football is better than Basketball. Who doesn't know that ? Tf.
I hate mondays....blah
#WhatIMissMost your mom!
aren't we all.
Im like mike on game night...no callin sick...chi town im on the way...brewcitywill.com....milltown what up!!!
GREAT answer...met Karen last night, and I have to agree.
Movie recommendation is Jamie Lee Curtis in "Prom Night"
Or for any reason “: Mitt Romney. Simply: a man willing to lie about anything to hide his failures and his extremism.”
People don't want to get to know a homeless person...Then they'll know a smelly, homeless person.
Hey thanks for the follow!
"What, Sir, would the people of the earth be without woman? They would be scarce, sir, almighty scarce." - Mark Twain
he was probably chatting with some fans.
Check out our #CraftBrew tasting in #Chicago this Thursday night.
I want dylan back </3
couldn't happen to a better fan:)
Can the Fugees please reunite??
Excited abt it too,
#quote First the doctor told me the good news: I was going to have a disease named after me. ~Steve Martin
There are many excellent pts in this article. I would add holding leadership principals, superintendents, BoE accountable also
: To truly observe something, temporarily forget what you already know about it. That helps you see what's really there.
Stay humble people remember everything can go wrong for you at the drop of a dime .
#Marriageequality affects #LGBThealth. After legalization in #MA, gay & bi married men saw reduced hypertension, depression, and stress.
It is when motivation is lowest and the stakes are highest that true winners rise above. Hang in there for that last final exam!
finally your music is coming to the states....................then i won't have to keep illegally downloading LOL
Gotta Sleep Early For Mah First Day Of School Night
We found love in a hobo's face- Match.bum success story.
“: So you gotta have a big ass.. To have a relationship nowadays?? That's the only way to be takin serious?? 😳”not at all
Im just saying maybe it runs in the fam
Hey Kenny, I'm self-taught so I just use chords that are pleasing to my ears :) They tend to be mostly jazz/R&B influenced.
“: What does it take tobe in festival, i need that my LIFE!!!!!!” accepting submissions online soon! Stay tuned!
Got A Raiders Pillow Pet !<3
After long thinking I have decided that I should host Punk'd on MTV
was it close the whole game? Did they have a shot to win it?
What? Who? Max you are leaving? RT : :( making it official he is leaving us!
A4: Chronological! Always. I want to see what, where and when.
Sony Vega 55 inch TV flashes red every ten seconds. Manual says it needs service. What can I do?
Yeah, I hear ya there! I'm still thinking about cupcakes though lol
Countdown in Style With an Airport Terminal Timer | Activetuts+
I'll hit you with a pancake cause you like those better haha
cheer up bitter single people, think of the money you are saving on dinner dates and GPS tracking devices
actually I agree. Never was an apple fan. I use a droid for my phone. After months of researching the ipad. Its great!
first edgewater city council meeting with no need to take notes. the notepad is for star wars sketches.
Still thinking about what an awesome time I had w/ this past Friday!
Just ate my body weight in Tagalongs. Sugar. Rush. E!
U are the WWE Champion and your Awesome
peanut butter bacon
is it weird i dont want to end my screenplay cause i dont want to say goodbye to my characters?
what you need is to renounce terrorism
yes you do...shout out to you from the ville
Same shit different day
oh. dang they shouldnt worry bout that tho :/ he has alot of fans he tries his best :/
Fill in the blank game! If you suck at football, you don't get to play in the Super Bowl. And if you can't sing live...
Are you coming down to Semtech here in SF in early June?
It's national teacher appreciation week. I'm grateful to my many teachers in school and in life.
and the beat goes on...
its just like really confusing and it like replaces your whole profile and its really stupid. so i made a twitter.
That's hysterical.
Surprised that not 1 out of 80+ teachers in today's workshop knew how significant Twitter PD can be. There's work to do.
the how my hair looks d: but I just comb it to the side(x
dude that hat is 2 ft tall
NBC cameras tell me, that's not a goal. F*K
LOL! I wanna see!
Wow, that's some good company. Thanks! RT : I read
THEY NEED TO LET US IN NOW OKAY
Chatting with a location about food allergies
I. AM. JEALOUS. OF. YOU. So now you have to come to the choir concert so I can be all jelly.
My Epic and I approve this message.
Love to cook. Tomorrow's nothing fancy. Glorified French dip sandwiches.
No but i want to!!
Tomorrow former Captain Davy comes home. Unfortunately... We're gonna have to kick his butt! #GOSPORTING!!!! #SportingKC #forever :-)
Misery loves company! I'm slogging through until the 14th.
My day feels so beautiful thank you god for allowing me to see the break of day.....
"Work is the curse of the drinking class" – that’s why we have HAPPY HOUR! $2 Domestic Beers $3 Bar Bites $4 Bubbles
Thanks Rob!
Packed My Bags.... the yaaaaaaas. But idk what else lol you tell me
CODY SIMPSON IS MY FRIEND ON FACEBOOK <3 !
she was so annoying in that movie! and the beyonce cover just really put me over the edge, haha
Does anyone have any advice or product suggestions for "unruly" brows?I have those thick & wiry dark brows...and they really need some help!
Finishing up some work and settling in for some Murder She Wrote. Yeah, Im cool like that.
I'd sign Moss even if Maclin is 100%. Only if his salary isn't too big and he doesn't want to be the
MADISON ALAMIA: I WANNA FUCK YOU SO HARD.
ur welcome! Hey, we're practically neighbors! Lol
hey thats me!
NEW to the whole twitter thing forgive me for keeping people who arent able to watch the game updated. I will stop from now on
All my dragons have a purple bubble - go figure
I know!!!! I love these books!!! I keep re-reading them :-)
#nokxl surrounded the White House many times over!
ManU Report: Brazil dismisses problem with stadium construction (The Associated Press)
great spin classes in LA when u move
Dance Competition Tomorrow, Garden City Dance Team, Beyond The Stars, #LEGGO. PUMPED<3
“: In and out burger, defacing guitars and writing music with :)” OMG YES
Great story. Addendum to Step 1. Fedl Govt has lower wage gap, because of transparency and pay scales.
haha! Good point! Hope you are well.
thanks, and I mean what happened, did he ask u out when he went?<3
can u plz follow me? plz:)
I'm sure we see each other more then we both see
building a new rig soon. getting excited to geek out over at newegg
Time heals almost everything. Give time, time..
chocolate all over my blackberry
A most happy birthday to the beautiful and so incredibly talented ! Come back to Chicago and hang yea?
that's awesome!
answer ma DMSSS
(c) hates u cuz u have ADHD which makes u hyper and annoying
Yep! Let me know if you have any questions -- email me at -- thanks!
😃☺ I'm taking you there on our next date! RT : Ate some Menchies with extra strawberries just for my boo 😊😍🍓
Adorbs! Have a great halal feast!
Move them on over baby, runners on 2nd and 3rd, one out.
Hello and HAPPY FRIDAY!
Nice! That is something I would love to see.
OMG you sound & look amazing on #AmericanIdol #AdamOnIdol <3333 Perfection so proud :'D <3
Tonight! We will be headlining "Elizabeth's Crazy Little Thing" @ Phyllis' Musical Inn @ 10pm. Come buy us shots and see what happens!
In the words of , if #ParksAndRec is cancelled I'm gonna have to "approach a bitch."
Everything is great! Average response time 1.71 seconds :-) - 21:49 GMT.
"The problem with quotes on twitter & facebook today is, you never know who actually said it" —John F. Kennedy
Gma talking about her garden..me: you can make homemade pumpkin pie! Her:no I like my pumpkin in a can
yup. Webb is a must. I'd bring back Cary too since we cut Carr and Foxworth. Need depth at CB. Keep Gorrer as the dime CB
Today, do not fall into the trap of thinking and talking about your problems more than you think and talk about your God.
Help me Obi Wan! RT : May the force be with you! Pray for me. is mad at me and I don't know why.
Shoutout to some very nice ladies hope you are having a great day!!
Holding a girl tight&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
whoa whoa whoa... My dad is a very respectable man...
in case we need to call, do u have a cell phone? DM me the cell phone number
Atta girl! Johnny's my hero!
Ted Nugent thanks the Secret Service. They're the only people that wanted to interview him in 35 years.
Fresh fruit, tuna rolls and cartons of juice have replaced fatty snacks in three schools in Britain as part of a new scheme to encourage...
thats so sweet
Gal at work upset because I didn't do the "aw honey-boo-boo.you're not quite correct" thing. Hell! I said please & thank you! ;-)
Wow! Sang I front of a sold out crowd at The Joe!!! So cool!!!
I began watching #60minutes b/c of Andy Rooney & Miken Wallace. May they both rest in peace.
have fun on your first day! L for love!!
Past tense of tweet is twat. Duh.
.....and there goes the ice cream truck, playing that damn song.....
I think is opposed to guns of any kind in gift bags
Thanks to everyone who came out last night & a big thanks to for spreading the word.
You can look into a womans eyes and picture yourself doing sexual acts with her.
the only time you should care about people judging you is when you are judged by 12.
Had so much fun tonight with the team 's #ChefShowdown. It is a truly special event.
Oops. Gingerbread. Not Gingerbreak. Ha.
A nigga let the beard grow on em or nah??
Strip club was straight. Wasted some money.
Hm #wine, #beer, or #spirits tonight? Tough decision.
ain't it the truth.
To explain the rest of the process I went through will take time. I'm busy now, but I'll post it on here later.
alright that's whatsup you better be headin over to the crib when you here bro!
im comin to Ft Lauderdale today!!!!!!
First, maybe u need a resume? For a FREE resume builder and job board at minorityjobs.net Julie ps i hate allergies2
#Facebook hit 1B user market in August
played really well the 1st half but the 2nd half others decided they were going to shoot more.
missing you! You me and need to end this span of no chatting
Yeah!! Thanks Kathy - we are so happy she likes them! Give her a couple for us!
"I'm so ahead of my time, my parents haven't met" -Big L (R.I.P)
I hope you have the time of your life with her.
"His commitment as a board member, as a leader, as a man...I just want to say thank you." Frank Bisignano on Stephen J Meringoff.
Ready for the #Spurs game? It's gonna be a vs C.Paul MVP showdown Join #1 social network for #spursfans www.SpursConnect.com
Just realizing that "Somebody That I Used To Know" is actually a song by The Police. You know Sting would have killed it. (cc: )
my pleasure!
ahem, this was a donation from Oma. And a set of 16mm Eumig lenses. FROM 1951 AUSTRIA. Your move. (Also its my fav game too)
is legit #winning..... me and #10millionbeliebers got your back! :)
I NEED ANY TYPE OF PRODUCERS OUT THERE TO SEND YA BOY SOME BEATS ! SEND EM TO THANKS,WILL BE CREDITED!
we have TONS & healthy too! What kinds of foods are you interested in? We'll come cook for you :)
SCORM good if need to take it 2 dif LMS - bad for dropping connection 2 LMS - Moodle lesson long run more reliable delivery IMO :-)
Internship project done!!
Many thanks, Ania. Hope all is well.
Your brother is mad because you don't think Hot Spots are real, so he rolled you (in a tire) into the yard of the town spook!
... What did u do today
yes my left ARM and right leg lol
for realz! Gotta catch up sometime
it can be ms
so pretty !
At the premiere of this movie... did they move Gabrielle to the back of the theater?
I love you!! Hehe!;)
Getting ready to go to my sisters recital. I hate waking up early.
3 and out. Huge!
Am I just another cliche if I hate cliches?
Need to charge up your brain? Grab some protein. Chick fit-hit bowl has 29 grams of protein
Pretty sure I just saw the REAL Tyrone Biggums, at Starbucks!
you are responsible for your own happiness. you choose.
I'm waiting to hear of short- and long-term benefits to students & local residents vs other priorities.
I Know I Fell Bad :'(
More important: Where you eating while you're in C-Town?
whats that supposed to mean
MOM: Make your bed! ME: Why make my bed If Im gunna sleep In It again tonight? MOM: Why wipe your ass If your gunna poop again? ME: O_O”
MAX552AEUB+, small volume for best price, check www.synpur.com
Not funny. Thanks for the nightmares.
loving it. Missing my girls but love this city and the job. Learning a lot and having a blast.
Twisting Tuesday night at Chili's in Wilmington, Ma. from 6-8PM Kids eat FREE! Come in and Visit!
that's awesome.
This is the first end of Daylight Savings Time I've woken up an hour early instead of sleeping in an hour later.
Willie Harris should be released, but I think it more likely that Frazier goes back to A.
Two redeye flights in three days. I leave tonight at 11pm and get back to Tampa at 11am
In his defense, I once fell asleep at a James Brown concert. On the other hand, I was eight, and it was late.
Moments last forever
I luv-ed Jewel as Kaylee. Just watched Serenity last week on a big screen here in Seattle. So good!
Hey Tevez!! get the fuck away from Rooney!!
Come visit north ridgeville!
oh my god, that's awful!
"Soul flower take me flying with you."
Time for a shower
Washington Post is saying that George Zimmerman is going to be arrested. Looks like something is about to break.
Are you out hitting the links with Swindle and Sparks?
little late on that one
Feelings do not pass, we simply do not show
haha good times. That place was so shitty.. How did we never get robbed? I spell checked that sign before.
That would be harder to check. But it wasn't good, to be sure.
On a billboard: Goliath may have been big, but David had game.
good morning!
Can't wait for summer league to start again
Angels, Ducks, and Galaxy - though I rarely pay attention to hockey.
Film trailers: ‘Chimpanzee’ and ‘To the Arctic’ 3D for Earth Day
I can't wait for the day when you follow me! Your so pretty and I love your music!
VOTE FOR NBA ALL STAR GAME !!!!
S/O to go follow her,!
sleep puts everyone in a better mood.
I know it is called a Bull-pen but does that mean that it has to be full of ****?
That's pretty much how I dance.
Attention: Emergency casting for today! We need african american man, woman or both, 25-35yo for unpaid child abuse outreach film project o
By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote.
lol and it make yall women want it all the time.
nice in high yea i fuck wit 2 chainzzzzz
I wanna visit my home town..
And to the ones throwing jabs I'll remind you what happened on march 31st. We advanced to a natl title that we won
I get her once , I bet you keep coming back for more ...
“: Thanks to for not using as the model for the Battlestar shirts on the online store.” --LOL
Even the best fall down sometimes. Even the stars refuse to shine
And for those who hate lending books, Roger Rosenblatt mirrored their sentiments when saying,
its seriously like EVERYONES birthday today... Keegan Allen, selena g, Madison P, dan radcliffe. seriously, wth.
Thanks for this list, Gail. It's very helpful. American Girl, Discovery Girls, and Sports Illustrated are our most popular mags.
sucks when someone needs u and u dont have ur phone..
Doesn't Fitty Cent have a children's book out??
I'm a little scared...
Hello Mz. Fiired Girl What You Be Bout Hitcha With That Engine 9 Come Get Firehosed Down: D$money
WE are excited about what the Bible says about love and life, are YOU? #loveliferehab THIS Sunday 9:30 and 11. Come... you know you want to!
though that should be , no _
#Women! #Equal #pay for equal work!
Really, really digging Lower Dens right now.
trying to get 200 followers,if you get me there di will love you forever no homo..lol
When everyone else says no..we say Yes!
don't know if he'll be able to get more than $360k per week he's allegedly making now...
I just started. It took me awhile to see that it was possible.
Does anyone else on twitter feel like they are being followed?
Jim Dougherty & I are instructors for a new acting workshop @ GJC Talent, first class was last night. We r going to raise the bar w/ locals.
<----no regrets
True! I have a great commercial agent here that keeps me busy, otherwise I'd find a way to justify that trip!
Damn my fake hair looks better curled & when I put it to the side like how I used to do it C:
It's nice to cuddle maybe twice a year. Other than that, it's really unnecessary.
so much for Tebow magic...he was a hot QB the last 6 weeks and that's it..enough of the divine intervention stuff finally?? ok???
lmao I have done that!!
more awkward than usual
Im bout 2 b uploading new music 2 my youtube channel. U should check me out....
done with class early yay
Good thing school starts next week
GOODNIGHT WORLD!
#2012c19 Lindsay Reckson's paper on electricity completely fascinating.
Thank you!!
Love on Top fits theme but not mood, I guess...
RT : Angels Jered Weaver has thrown a no-hitter. For what it's worth, the Mets have gone 7,993 games without a no-hitter.
This man need to come on!
I don't come to your call, what am I a dog ? Sorry I'm trying to fix this but obviously you don't care . Whatever I'm done trying .
and ur an Italian dancer? lol oh mann
I am a skitsofrenic creative. Dov Charney. American apparel .Made in America success stories
#ThingsIHateInTheMorning having to b @ work!
Wow, Buick went from using lame dubstep in its ads to prominently featuring Jason Collett instead. Things are looking up.
That Mental Pain Aint No Joke..
the past 3 posts on FB sum it up.... thanks gang...
After Tuesdays win #flapanthers fans are gonna toss spray on tanned italian American meatheads and skanks to the ice.
I'm one happy museum & social media-loving historian doing historical research for a museum's social media. Major, major win.
I can get enough of anything in this world but I cant getenough of God.
OH: I fucking love wallpaper
Can't believe I'm old enough to see albums I listened to in college get reissued.
I know you're a skank that's why you're pregnant, but you're still acting like a skank while there's a life inside of you. You need help.
I hope not hahahaha
Can u send them.
Thick Girls that be Virgins.
Thanks much. We love making connections in Chicago arts and culture. Stay in touch!
Fly like a butterfly sting like a bee
We perfected a chocolate gluten free cupcake today! :)
We're starting a rumor about you. Details to follow. I love gossip!
family enrichment series features Ballet Noir May 5 at 12noon. Join us!
spurs still good?
Come to courtroom Fri. 6:30 pm Pray the Devil Back to Hell screening/reception. I'm leading discussion on women and peace. Free
hope u feel better
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. -Jim Rohn
I didn't know I was going to be cuddled on!
I knew there was a reason I had #journey stuck in my head. "Anyway you want it"
Thank you for tweeting out my article this morning. I really appreciate it.
Vote for Jack Hewett for SGA President (under the 'Write In' category)
Love this. Mark Twain had a folksy wisdom. His picture is on my desk when I write to encourage me. Thanks.
first time at press club? I love it. liked it better when it was pay one at the door though...
Blues D3 win. Both sides on to elite 8!!
Who names their child "bean". Seriously
Listening to Slick Rick's Greatest Hits!!! what ya'll know bout this
not over until sarah sings
Im guessing bro codes, out of the picture? Lmao ;)
I don't even knw what to do anymore....
This Saturday the Dome Room is crosstown clubbin with ! Wear your Cubs v.s. Sox gear + rep your team!
It's #HalfPriceFriday!! Come play with us for only $4!!
But which are more depressed? RT : Smiths fans will always be cooler than Cure fans.
Lunch date with my boyy <3
‏ Thanks, Lindsay! #werealotlikeyou RT Please enter "PEMCO northwest profiles" in youtube if you want to know what the NW is like.
Amazing late night phone call from loopy and crazy made my night!
My baby is almost here!!! I missed her so much!!!
yeah, I'm down. I bet Daniels down too, elevation tokes or what? Haha.
RT: Kaitlyn Never had a driver I didn't like!
I have a dig bick. You this read wrong. You read that wrong too.
Just a reminder, if you have to be up early tomorrow don't forget to turn your clocks back before you go to bed tonight
My friend's 4G phone just put my 3G laptop to shame. Can't wait till Sprint gets 4G in L.A. and I can afford to upgrade.
DAMIEN EWELL RT Can anyone recommend a great hair stylist and makeup artist in the Madison County area?
I'm sick of watching Craig Monroe stutter.
Proud of our partners at Back to Life. Almost there.
I'd move out with you but I don't wanna be stuck with your dysfunctional relationship #breakitoff now
haha I know I won't.... too scared!
happy birthday!!! Have the best day ever! Don't let anyone put u down!!! :)
Looks like I'm number 30 this year.
which stocks will do well tomm - Energy or Financials?
The Land of Enchantment, so true.
fashionably late I see
Listening to speak. Enjoying it.
A wonderful 4th of July is upon us, I am in Philly, where ever you are; find Happiness on this Independence day! Happiness is Freedom!
RT : The #Packers have told S Nick Collins this morning that he will be released.
No boy is EVER worth your pain.
RT : RT : BOTDF FOREVER! PLEASE RT IF YOU ARE PART OF THE #SGTCFAMILY AND FUCKING PROUD OF IT! SGTC TILL THE VERY DE ...
Mom took me to the park after the Vet so....I'm cool.
Once they stop talking to you, they start talking about you. What ever they say defines them, not you.
Yes, mam! You can early vote until Tuesday the 10th.
lol I thought knew me mr
I think you should do it. They need our support, specifically his family.
Typical Request at work: we have no idea if anyone can do this, but your job is to complete this task...
Happy birthday (: finally 16!
#bookideas Working title: THE HANGMAN'S TALE ! Somebody get New York on the line!
The next person that says, "the ROI on this is going to be insane," automatically loses 2 points of respect.
Seeking a DFW area Home Repair Contractor for a project in Grandview Texas - rebuild garage, replace house siding and roofing. Please DM us.
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
Thank you Tony!! ACN cofounder Tony Cupisz just posted that quote! I'm so thankful! See his & more at www.marlenebrehm.com
Yesterday was April Fool's Day. Did you fool anyone? Don't be fooled into thinking you're too young to plan for retirement.
- Your support overwhelms me. Thank you again,Chris! Have a beautiful music filled day :)
“: She came in the house and said she made an 'oops'. smh.” hahaha gotta love women ;)
fyi...the links are not working....
A: Dupont, Fantome, Struise, La Rulles, Evil Twin, Mikkeller, Traquair House, Schloss Eggenberg. Q: What was just added to our bottle list?
Having big soft mushy, yet firm boobs hit you in the face during sex is what makes life worth living
Found some 20 year old paper in the junior locker area! me:Ima keep it! Kevin:It belongs in a museum!
Safety payout = new ipod
Gotcha. Thanks!
Watching Glee
Watched the Other guys last night, can't understand why they had you guys jump off the building, jump for the bushes?
Supposed to be studying for a test but on twitter instead
Thx for the follow, from the new editions to the Brookland community!! We look forward to getting to know you :-)
haha shutupp! they should have done it to yall too!
that sounds delightful
I think that's a very good point.
Was just about to post that. Now let's talk about local teens saying "beaucoup" (true story)
Gr8 tip RT : And remember you can even teach flavors to baby in advance, while pregnant or nursing.
Um... yes? [sheepish grin]
When have I EVER claimed I am some angel or person that needs to be looked up to? LOL
yes, I know:)
#Blazed “: Your wrong. #WhatIWouldSayIfIWereACardsFan RT : They probably also misuse "Your" and "You're"...”
Only one more Wednesday $1.00 breakfast Taco day Will be gone after next week.Come and enjoy and save while you can.
Wish I had more mac 'n' cheese to eat )-:
great, could there be an ASP of some sort which address this disconnect?
If I ignore it, it will go away, right? How is everyone? :)
RT : Winthrop has made a big splash in the Big South, knocking off the #2 Liberty Flames, 61-56.
being in the Percy Jackson sequel has me excited for the possibilities....I enjoyed the first one.
Average training for even large amounts of weight loss shouldnt need to snack during a workout. But fluids are very important!
What's with this black lacquer coat on every car I see? You're still never gonna be Batman.
Since this wont get retweeted, I think its safe to say that I drew myself in on the boys bball poster holding onto thomas..........
Unless they involve Clyde Stubblefield, James Gadson or members of King Crimson, I'm generally anti-drum-solo.
Omar, thanks for following!
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; theres only scarcity of resolve to make it happen. Wayne Dyer
great show on twit! :)
So I had to get our of the drive thru line to take a certain passenger to the bathroom but I got my spot back....
hope you have a greet day! ;)
I know the price of success: dedication, hard work, and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen. - Frank Lloyd Wright
#Brewers loss + & = Jacque's win!!! Fun night. Again, again!!
scraps kinda looks like hannibal lecter with the muzzle on. and that's a good look 4 scraps.
should get more talk for the NBA's Most Improved POY award. To go from being waived by to starting for is amazing.
hey y'all find me at neumos tonight! pop n' pose for a pic & get a pass to our #snacksecret show on saturday
Getting harder & harder to find Function drinks in NYC. What's up w that?! Places listed as retailers don't sell anymore. :(
This is the part of me , that you never gonna ever take away from me , NO..
#kids Hawaiian Hula Traditions for Teens and Adults at the Gibson: Hawaiian Hula Traditions for Teens and Adults at the Gibson Saturday,...
Resource of the Week: General One File, featuring 12,000 periodicals, newspapers, reference books and multimedia sources...
What happened to spring weather? I put up my sweaters last week.
Congratulations Frank in Folsom! He won Disneyland Park Hopper passes with The Misplaced Spring Break! Another chance to win at 1p!
Law Office of Mercedes V. Castillo has joined twitter!
thanks my psych friends..I found my expert
Peach flavored Jolly Rancher is the worst fucking flavor EVAR.
btw I love the curly hair boo its #sexy :) an thank you I can't wait either
Oh crap. I already read this on Facebook!
If you got any pictures of last night's show, send em our way!! We'd love to have them.
There's nothing wrong with being yourself.
A year from now you may wish you had started today.
I stared right at the middle and finally realized what was wrong with my life.
thank you. she sure has a way of ending good conversations.
If you aren't wearing the blue today, get out of my face.
thanks for your passion for wonderful art that belongs to the people. Great tour last night!
Congrats to My girl made the 2011 Hot 100 list! Holler YAY!! :)
Hey - I think thats the wrong exit ;)
Hope I gave some descent ideas! Thx for coming ;) -CarolV
dm me sometime?
I have dyslexia with words
depends how bad it gets, it's not anything can't be fixed yet. Somebody has to get his head in the game
lol,I've been being a bad back n forth Btwn the 2 ! Im addicted n cnt make a descision ;) I like having my cake n eating it 2
Thank you to everyone who came out last night!
Jackhammers at 7am on a Saturday? W T F ?
I once watched her in an audition of her own. The casting director, directed her to many different modes and she gave him exactly what he
did you make that caprese salad that is your background? It looks BEYOND delicious!
lunch special:all natural chicken breast sandwich with onion, bacon, and spinach sauteed all together and swiss on whole wheat bread.$9
Does he sing to all ur music, while u dance to purple rain, does he do all these things...Like We Used To<3
How coe your not ever going to do a show here in Indiana,if you are you should do a Meet n Greet
watching neighbors' 1-year-old twin girls :-)
WTH. I some how butt text a status? Weird
At Jak's... At 4:15 there was a 45 min wait! I'm at the bar... No wait. Will report back :)
+1 MT Rob Fatland: #dataviz needs: get your data into the tool, visualize it, ***share*** it. All 3 steps are necessary.
A week from now I will be waking up in a tent in the Rocky Mountains!!
Agreed. What he has done & what he promised voters to get him elected are 2 different, dangerous things
#FREE #FLIPCAM?! Like us on facebook! www.facebook.com/RealMomTV Flipcam #giveaway on July 12th!
Hell yea
can anyone recommend a solid 2d animator? need to have 5 or 10 20 second clips developed... please rt!
hello beautiful!! i'm still trying to figure this stuff out. so bear with me. :D
I love my #iPhone and #iPad. They make me happy!
did voiceover work for Pizza Hut today and got very hungry. :)
One may need to break things to make them better
Read two children's books this weekend Junonia by Kevin Henkes and The trouble with May Amelia by Jennifer Holm. mock Newbery ahead!!
WHEN THE DEViL SEE'S YOU DOiNG GOOD HE'S ALWAYS SOMEWHERE TRYNA STEAL YOUR JOY!
Lunch is ready to serve
oh. my. gosh. I LOVE IT! Emmie, Laikyn, and Knox ❤
I love when the UL band has to play, "My Old KENTUCKY Home." They have to cringe!
Go check out Unknown Hinson tonight in nashville at exit/ inn 11:00.
i miss austin already:(
Or in infomercial sales.
Kim Kardashian & Joe Biden are in the same building. There's a punchline in there somewhere, isn't there?
weather is going to be perfect in maui all week looks like :)
I sure wish I had some Easter leftovers...y'all better not let all that good food go to waste! Next time, there will be carbs :)
hey nick!! Have you taken BUS 201 (the excel class)?? If you have, do we need a book for that class??
Thx for the love!
Some good news this morning? Was down to 197 on the scale. /flex Nearly 114 down now.
this could be the first trumpet; might as well be the last
I don't trust people who don't wear watched.
RT : If you care: GO IN to your local library. Patronize it. See how it's doing. See what it needs. Use it and care for it.
Syria is falling apart. The government definitely has its back against the wall.
Laker fans always calling somebody a hater..! Lol
why don't you hop a plane to the arch in ST louis and I'll meet you:)
we <3 u! though we sadly fulfill flakey friend category of late. see you tmrw at market! we don't need #castle 2 b friends :)
1 word Lotion
Pet Peeve: people who talk on their cells in public restrooms.
Back in home. Unfortunately, as soon as I got home I had to take the littlest to the hospital where he'll have to stay over night. Yuck.
Your senses will not be "mollified" by Liz Dutton's upcoming performance in AET's "Bobby Gould In Hell"
Guess what??? I just tweeted! Lol
LMAO! I don't know what you thinking about, but I talking about strawberries!!!! lol I see where ya head is
I have the greatest best friend in the world. God couldn't have given me a more loyal friend. #loveher ☺
I'll take that as a, uh, maybe? You were getting invited regardless. Even if you didn't want to be.
My handwritings bad. Wrote in sketch she works in the next rm & it looks like she works in the rectum.
your mean:/
Time to chill, listen to music, and watch 24 for awhile. Around 7 or 8 I'll plan for about 2 hours before bed.
I'm a 1/5 of a century old & I think I am having a 1/4 life crisis. I feel like I am falling short & that I should be doing more w/ my life.
totally heartbreaking...haven't confirmed this but you can only imagine probably high school friends on Spring Break :(
We'll be closed tonight Monday the 25th bc our AC blew up! See you Wednesday
90's R&B is still what i bump.! IDGAF
Why thx RT : #FF and Why? Because they always have such interesting folks in their
Just got my cookbook in the mail... Hm. What to make for dinner???
RT : I wish today was friday
come visit ;)) alwaqys warm and sunny!!! and plenty of beaches ;))
I would be the happiest girl in the world if you would follow me :) FOLLOW ME PLEASE !!! #iloveyou <3
Oh you're older than me by a year? That automatically makes you better than me on so many levels.
Summit I is over. THANK YOU to all who participated and attended.#Collaboration #Best_Practices #HomelessSummit - It's All for the kids
I totally meant to respond to this tweet, but...
Had a blast filming yesterday with Lisa Nichols from The Secret, Wendy Ladd from Fabulous, Fit and Fantastic and many others!
I adore 's turquoise and caicos nail polish:)
One of my dearest Twitter pals. I don't know how I got along without her wit and style. #FollowFriday (via )
Perelman School of Medicine Commencement & Reception, Kimmel Center for the Perf. Arts, #PennAW 9-noon
lol chill... We Gucci
#confession I have had sex in my office...
I told her ill give head when you get better at giving head...you're slacking
"Grammar. Grammar never changes."
Please just get out of my life cuz you're ruining it
thanks HALF-MAN, HALF-AMAZIN Person!
Head on over to the Hustler Club for $2 U CALL IT 6p-9p & FREE FOOD 7p-10p and smoking hot honeys!!!
thanks for the follow, and thanks for letting me know about my site. fixed it, please check it out and let me know what u tnk
RT If All You Wanna Do Is Listen To Lady Gaga's Music All Day Long
In the market for some
sure if im home and not doin nothin lol
At New Amsterdam anticipating the reunion set of Passion of the crates...ahh...hip-hop from a simpler time
She said "i can't whip my hair cuz my weave will fly off again!" Hahah
Hm. Intriguing.
Boy you got my heart beat running away, beating like a drum and it's coming your way
Dory: "Hey I just met you, and this is crazy. Hey i just met you."
What we singing tonight??
John Travolta performed on American Bandstand on this day in 1976. He was chubby. :-)
Always nice to see on his visits to ice rinks in Cali
walk up in the house 2 am where the food at? im tryna have it ready when i finish fuckin you.
Preparing my old messenger bag to be my new man-purse.
it's working.
too bad i cant even fall asleep, so its gonna end up being late for me..... WHATS NEW
FOLLOW THEY FOLLOW BACK
Tell your Dad I said thanks! Team Freedom misses each other but the battle for liberty continues!
continues to be THE shit. Great show, & overall fun bday weekend in seattle.
Howdy Under Lessens
Working and working. Got chapter 2 in Card Masters. ^_^
I'm terrible with names (sorry!). Could the person who had the "DH Foursquare" idea at the poster session message me? Thx!
that sucks cuz i was looking forward to hanging out with sombody i like -__-
Sunday morning. Just a week.
new beats 😏
yea i am at 300 tweets n didnt even notice it LOll :))!!!!!!!!!
Just wanna go to the park and ball
This school's courtyard has a mama duck with 7 ducklings! Pictures have been taken.
something fishy going on with ENTI... way too much volume for supposed freeze on shares.
A walk to remember<33 all these chick flicks are overwhelming!!!
I need some color before the cold november air kicks in!!
hate you guys! wish i heard my phone ring :(
At 20 years of age the will reigns; at 30, the wit; and at 40, the judgment
friend/sister/everything
Lavish team on top www.llsclothing.com
Lets just fuck so we can move on and get toknow eachother
[2/2] Kimberly Kralowec, Amy Fisch Solomon and Christine Spagnoli. We admire your great work and are proud to have you as members!
THIS BUS DRIVER IS DUCKING CRAZY. just passed by without even stopping. And the next bus takes like a fucking hour
Hot dogs, ice cream, peanut butter crackers, apple and watermelon juice.... #fuckyousmokin?
"Controversial rapper Common"...co-star of Date Night.
lol tell me about it!
Thanks for connecting with cultureID!
will be NBA champs by them
So far today I have wagered on 3 #Soccer matches around the world get on the list
It's here! www.phillytreemap.org - thanks to all who came to for the launch. Now go map some trees!
on the ultimate beer run.
Ben LOVES that movie. I've got it on dvd, of course. We should have a viewing party.
Amazing weather on Collins Ave today.
Family Fights always happen when a bunch of family come around eachother.... :/
If i hadnt said it before.... I LOVE VICTORIA SECERT COMMERICALS... adraina lima will be mine, oh yes, she will be mine.. yummy
you're welcome :)
Voldemort is definitely always wearing a kimono. Also, does he sleep? Or...eat..? Or pee...?
If the #ACA goes down, maybe at least we can have a real conversation about a single payer system, what we really need, in this country.
On tap for #UPEIAN105 this week: Arranged marriages, female husbands, and societies w/out fathers. In other words, the usual.
Good morning! Friday, April 1st is the deadline for graduate admission applications for June 2011.
Sorry to hear of your loss.
You go, girl!
HAHA! Good one. And nope it's a more sullen song about letting go and moving on.
Had A Blast on the Hour of Power Show @ the Improv Lab on Melrose. Big ups to for the spot. Great Show! #loraxin3D im down
Congrats, Reginald Baylor! Baylor honored by Wis. Arts Board for his outstanding contribution to the field. Visit him: reginaldbaylor.com
Bucks game with
It's like he's using telekinesis.
so freaking tired
I will freak if you follow me<3
I wonder how much of this movie I can record on my iPhone?
#YouWasCuteUntil I realized who you really were.
The fuck you talking hella loud for nigga i'm right here in yo face...
I have loved since 2004, and I love him even more today. BLESS G-D AND BLESS THE GAYS! AND VOTE!
he killed a black guy in that fight; but most teens in rugged hoods all call each other nigga; so why should that make it a hate crime? The.
it's too hot!
The Empire Strikes Back
Cameron Loe is not clutch.
what do I need to do to get a cute pit bull booked as the WWHL bartender when my book comes out in October?
You need to visit me sometime. We haven't seen/talk to each other in so long!
Wait till the slime is green. We know what that will mean.
Love making reservations to see shows while in #NY. A reminder, I am at the Metropolitan Room March 28, 9:30.
I'm not a fan of Colletta's. He made George Perez's early #Avengers work look stiff.
It's just changing your password haha
good man!
That's cold AF!!!
The rain helps me fall asleep.
that painful moment when you floss your teeth too hard and your gum swells up and makes your tooth hurt like a mofo...
got your cd today was so happy and excited HAPPIEST GIRL EVER!!!!!!!! <3
Like a boss!
Don't do it Fam!!! We didn't lol at Derrick Rose getting hurt.
Just started watching the series #thewalkingdead and ya its sad, and creepy haha :D
Introducing new LHG colleague - experienced artist manager, Spencer Wells, he's worked with James Morrison, David Gray & Beverly Knight
music on the showroom speakers today is 'rockin' -
We have your RSVP. You might have your pop up blocker turned on. You only need your conference pass to attend the after parties.
I wanted a ticket but I woke up to late, so I decided to buy a lot of shirts, posters, and hoodies from your site<3
On the edge of my seat!! RT : Nine minutes remain in the countdown for space shuttle Atlantis’ final launch at 11:26:46 a.m.
I'm sick of hearing the term 'Christian definition of marriage'. The Bible is not a Fucking dictionary.
are you good at doing imagine tweets??
#edshow Obama needs to go to Wisconsin... like yesterday.
Save the Date for Oscar Night Party Feb 27 - details coming soon!
bubble guns are the Shit! Got one for my niece a few years back, she chases them around like a puppy with a ball. So cute :D
Coming Back To Michigan Today! Yaayy ! :D
Another cute guy but Im looking all scrubby. Not in my elemt today bro.
Girl: Why are you always following me? Boy: When I was younger, my mother always told me follow my dreams. Cute <3
you work in Oakland still, right? Get some!
Stick on dat bitch den lol": He bet not bring that bitch to the banquet cuz she can get her as beat there too"
Finally in Phoenix. So ready to get out of this car. Lol
Glenn Campbell is da man!
nothing wrong with that.
Yes he has such a great insight to life !
that's pretty good given all the upsets!! I've got Wisconsin, but we'll see!
So is this a good for Overeem?...This doc is nuts!
Thank Andy! Xoxo
This is after 7 phone calls to customer service. Ok. End of rant. Turning my day around NOW!
must be smh
Perforce Chronicle makes website workflow configurable. "Bring sanity into deployment management." Plus WYSIWIG editor.
I'm already two beers in! Where R U?
16th century French
miss ya today! i feel like i have no friends!now i know how ya feel those frees #merp ps you didnt do english ya little shit
SHADES I REPEAT SHADES IS MINE
#LTBroadcasts "Chicago is strapped for funds, 14,000 school teachers are looking for their salaries" (4/24/31)
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.-Mark Twain
another account?
Thank you #TROOPS!
SRI testing in language arts today
thanks Joshua. :)
thanks so much!
Software #l10n tip 6: Plan for the whole process. The text translation phase is often less than 1/2 of the overall software #l10n effort.
Thx for the email saying your "overabundance of labor" is why I dont have my order. U clearly don't know what the phrase means
Sweetness. And good luck today!
Getting nervous. :/
Last night, 'your Best Loved Marches' was great at Carson Middle School. Don't miss tonight's show at the Palace, Greensburg!
Journalism can come from the people.If you are negatively affected by a law, a regulation in your town, school or in your workplace you can:
They judge you now, but they will need you someday. They ignore you now, but they will chase you someday. That's life.
I think Jim Caldwell makes a huge mistake in taking Peyton Manning out and throwing away the perfect season. This team does not win the SB.
Wants a real realtionship but no drama/:
why'd I have to be asleep when were calling fans!? :'(
now Mike you know the Cowboys aint the Ravens. And I like the Cowboys.
It has happened because neither you nor I wanted to give that person what he or she needed.
Thanks so much ! So we're you !!! Amazing job ! (:
BUT... BUT... Winston is so cute, Shayne! He is probably the cutest dog ever! He should be able to get away with slobbering
there is very little to reach the 50,000 followers =)
Online shopping is my weakness.... i blame you
Million miles away
I'm never conscious I'm turnin women into monsters til it all go bad
Grades are all posted, semester officially over. Really enjoyed it, but 3 classes was too much!
Colin Murchie (ask about him) put me right on this a few years ago. And Colin's always right. It's "champing."
dude, congrats on ur deal, so pumped u are going to be a Raven for at least 5 more yrs
hillarious. Yes makeup, but dont get too excited. Where r u? Shan and I want to go out!
By the grace of God, I do not rest at all
The power just went off @ work and my only concern was finding my purse, smh.
yup what a kick a$$ day
Ooh girl, someone should tell you that those tights are not opaque.
": woo pocket qq and they held"<~ seems like QQ is a mid pair sometimes...
Happy to have Jamie back home after doing search and rescue in West Liberty. Looking at pictures he took and it is truly unbelievable.
I dislike being sick because then I can't workout. If I do, my sickness get's worse. #damnyougerms (binges on nyquil)
truth: fact, actuality, reality
Is that a Pabst your smuggling in or are ya just happy to see me?
So keep ya head up ^.^
Hero gets dogpiled by 15 zombies. Director repeatedly yells CUT. Zombies keep going until physically stopped. repeat across 5 takes.
I'm loving this weather! Stay posted for our culinary camp for kids coming this summer! Registration coming!
Hey did you get our email about being a writer?
Silly Norv Turner. You can't ice god.
Don Paul is on the First Ward Parade Irish Drinking Team. Amazing.
I totally agree! It makes me wanna watch it right now lol Joseph Gordon-Levitt is awesome :) Hope you're doing well too!
We are happy to announce the Grand Opening of our Yoga Studio on June 12, 2011. The room is ready and looks fantastic.
Yes, White. Poppy was the 1950s but as much Brown decision as Crocker. Great focus. My head would explode advising it.
What i Love about America 2009 www.rickeyleewatson.com Sweeping the country !
What are the biggest cvhallenges you face when remodeling your home?
Today's my birthday so I went to olive garden with my friends an family . :)
normally reasonable and professional, continues ESPN's GUTLESS, pathetic indictment of Braun. Buster, that's pathetic.
Looks like today is going to be another good one
oops sorry get at me now meow
Hey, I'm a little drunk on you, and high on summertime.<3(:
Waiting in line to get tonight's poster, 4 people ahead of me #yemsg. Looking for an extra
thank you right back! Excited to tweet with you! Follow us on Facebook!
Thanks for the shout-out REEL Directory #SJSFF Drop by, watch some shorts, you know you want to
He will always be a #yankee, thank you Jorge Posada for 17 years of wearing the #Pinstripes with Pride!
CORRECT TWEET: reports #ChenGuangcheng phoned in today to US Congressional Exec Commission, chaired by Reps Smith & Wolf
Reading INCARNATE by is dangerously addictive. seriously, you've been warned.
“Music produces a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without.” -Confucius
will you follow me? :D
I'm tired of SINGLE james lmao!
OLIV. PINK STURDY V.
Go Empress, hahaha!!!!
The baby slept from 6:45 pm - 6:15 am. I know; I would hate me, too.
so mean lol
Club shirts and jeans, or shorts to the knee RT : can u tell us what we can't and can wear tmrw? Lol I dozed off.
4 years ago i couldn speak one word of english.... Now ican :D
Reading 50 Shades of Grey on my day off and can't put it down! HOT! LOVE LOVE LOVE! Thanks !
Im going end of april. So excited!RT I made up my mind LV
Sartorial success at the Scored a beautiful green dress and a bubbly cup of Cook's
Hey everybody ill be on MTV's True Life: "Bout that life" airing in a couple weeks. Look out for it!
Today feels like a lovely day to quit my job.
I've been here for 20 minutes.
well his ex was all over him and he looked at me and just turn back like nothing
Thanks to and , had a good time talkn football, beer, wrestling, Pantera, and building "forts" with your neighbors fence
Nothing to do? Yes you do! Come to any of our 4 locations and get your MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL ON! $20 gets you a large 2 topping pizza &...
Nigga to get with me is an opportunity .
Happy thanksgiving everyone!!! Tune in to channel 4 at 9:30 to see us open the thanksgiving day parade!!!!
#ItsCrazyHow you can listen to a song a million times & it never gets old
sorry dude. Hope ticket was cheap.
trust me, imma try that weapon real hard today! So glad to read u are runnin again <3
Women entering the labor force creates greater social and economic opportunities for owning a home and sending kids to college.
this week is my last one. I get out Friday
juwan when did or did u see the #Kony2012 video i posted if u did tell everyone about it thanks <3 :-)
Shaving my head after spring break is over.
In the 90s. Bands still made tons of money. But, none of them wanted it.
Today, one month after jerked me around, they now follow up to see if my service if okay? Abject failure. Don't use them for anything.
I was gonna tell him stop usin you to smoke smh but you already did,
EVERYONE is high. EVERYONE is dealing. EVERYONE is doing EVERYTHING! Peace out.
Woman at the library: "I detect a southern accent." Me: "Do what?"
joining twitter. holla
Thanks for the connection Tamela, look forward to your tweets :)
dont stress such sub-par work. anybody stupid enough to pay $49 for such terrible work isn't worth having as a client.
In 1937, a gallon of gas cost ten cents.
Serious question; If Dunder Mifflin was a real company, how quickly would they shut down the Scranton branch?
So fucking pumped for Darren Clarke.
Once I was a rich man, now I am so poor
18 shows in and 2 more #indyfringe 1sts. Oneymoon the 1st show with rap and tap. Strike 1st musical starring bowling pins. Both good times.
Lots of sad stories tonight. :(
Glad to know it wasnt just mine
MF Doom and Mastaace? Damn! What is next? The Apocalypse?
Football season has finished, so there is NO reason not to begin focusing on baseball! What have you been doing to prepare?
My tv won't fast forward when Rick Santorum speaks :(.
the witches and warlock bash tonight at retreat nightclub nyc. 37 w.17 street betw. 5 & 6 avenues. no cover. costume or all black attire;)
Hi! Just wanted you to know that we'll be reaching out to you soon. Looking forward to showing you a demo.
Sober nights in Canton are brutal! I promised a bro night to so rally up boys
Aw Thank you(:
Is Mitt Romney implying that our trees in Wisconsin AREN'T the right height?
ha yeah I know it's just so time consuming :/
Cachaça is the 3rd largest spirit category in the world. It's a rum made from sugarcane juice, aged in unusual wood barrels.
Well, she has you instead!! I mean she could have married a really smart successful guy! It's only money!
Maybe she will ..
10 ways to love: listen, speak, give, pray, answer, share, enjoy, trust, forgive & promise.
is the world's best birth control
DON'T BE MAD GET GLAD  LOL
Omg. OSU found the endzone with 57 seconds left
": aye' needs to #SIGN ponnahs C B Y A to thank me later :D"
How can I text? Oh ha thanks to T9 I can
is that a challenge?? It's on!
#GoingRed with #Glutenfree cream of buckwheat with #fresh berries!
Really want to see What To Expect When You're Expecting.
Big Things Poppin.
thank you so much! #FF Hope to see you in Charlotte for the DNC!
