I tend to agree with her. Ur not 'only' one, but some act like children especially on Twitter.
how come?
Heath Bell blows.
Drinking coffee has never been so Fun, Healthy, and Profitable.
Indeed. With pics!
I want to know so please #RETWEET . . . . Hey #Sexy #Followers what do you want to talk about ??
Happy Mothers Day :)
": I could careless about the people talking & wishing bad on me... ima do me regardless" sorry for the crazies
I dont know if all boyscouts are gay as they probably tie the nought like 50 dufferent ways.
30 pages into The Hunger Games, I know what I'm doing for the rest of the weekend.
followed. Follow back ?
please ask the Boyz to shout out Julia from Florida and i want to know if you could live anywhere where would it be??
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
don't.
lol thats so funny. no I AM about that life. ask she knows I am.
Welcome and to Broadway! They both begin previews tonight!
RT : He dug the grand canyon.
Garnett just said he a f****** problem lol I love the energy
i want you.
Lots of ice cream! Were the readers' reports at least helpful? Or just snarky?
Heading to NYC today for a conference, friends, and family time.
Kick save & a beauty!
I robbed a bank.
I move in June 1st & could use all the help I can get haha
this is legit
I like you too much to unfollow you.
Thank you!
Some people have the darkest/nastiest hearts.
Sure will Hon Thank you I LOVE YOU TOO
Why Does every Charles Barkley Weight Watchers commercial sound and look like he abused cocaine for 3 months straight?.
Everything is coming up Roses! Rose Bowl that is! Go #Badgers! Food Specials, Drink Specials and the Best Bartenders Around!
RT : In all seriousness, it's nice to see Madonna's mom in the spotlight.
“: #Sales Tell your prospect what they DON'T need to buy. It saves them money & gives you credibility.” AND CREATES PERSPECTIVE!!
Nothing Much Bro! Getting ready to get in some Morning Cardio!
We've just published a new edition of our newsletter! You can check it out on our website and get the latest information from Senior Help
RT : I'm Old enough to "Know Better" & Young enough to not "Give a F*ck""
whatd u say to alex
Actual shit sfx texted. Featured Bit - 'Shats R Us". Listen at www.freekshowradio.com
Ha! #HighFive RT : Absolutely embarrassed Teen and got down to salt n peppa on the dance floor
Just once I'd like to see a disaster/end of the world type movie where Washington, DC actually survives. Is that too much to ask?
S/o to all the kids who aren't going to gradventure because you started a food fight.  Smart.
it must be a great opportunity for H to move to Cleveland what are you going to do?
#sick&tired
I meant marching band
Eating Easy Cheese because you hate yourself. Eating Easy Cheese because it's a salty substitution for tears.
Two phenomenal alumae serve on our board: Nzinga Tull & chair Carrie Ellis.
RT : I am DYING to see really good dancers dance to "Up"!! Someone make a video already!
Thier twitter tweeted it! :D its at the old orchard mall in skokie, u have to buy a book for writbands which u have to get may 23
follow she is so cool her tweets are so funny
Thanks for the follow Jeff. I hope all is well.
Y'all spam me! I guess in the least fav body part!! :'(
Finished our rush week with a bang at the James Bond Goes to Rehab Party! Good luck on those applications, due Wednesday!
As soon as Hamas cannot attack Civilians then the process of rebuilding Gaza will begin. Many Jews will also help rebuild Gaza
oh, well i'm just trying to make you smile again. Sorry.
Two donations to my charity tonight. Super stoked!
Why is this weather so crazy? It's 50s one minute and upper 80s the next minute.
It's better now.
GOP BULLSHIT ON DEFICITS AND DEBT IS NEGATING YOU TO HAVE A JOB. GOVERNMENT SPENDING CREATES DEMAND AND JOBS
Find a chair that is big enough for the two of you to share and sit in it.
:) RT If Hot Topic and a gordita supreme had a baby it would be Guy Fieri.
I'm amazing at karaoke, I could take on ANYBODY.
Shout out to President Martin Sheen for putting country first, despite your child's public cries for help
Fair perspective, but I disagree. I find the connection polite and worthwhile.
HAHAHAHAH OW I MISSED YOU SO MUCH
RT : RT : Dear #librotraficante our FB community loves the logo of the fist with the books
Feeling sort of sorry for myself. Hubby and best friend went off for mtn-bike ride, but I don't feel 100%. I know I need to stay home... :-(
. Thanks you for opposing a terrible bill that is a huge affront to our civil liberties.
that's awesome.i have to tell you that last year we went undefeated, won it all... but this year,in kid pitch.....ouch. good luck
Q5 I **LOVE** Pinterest - you report your #brand's news story or blog posts in pictures < get referring traffic!
Watching last weeks Project Runway Allstars with ; somebody made a neon lights Scorpion from Mortal Kombat
Free bike repairs and chair massage at the interbay urban center (where whole foods is).
Anyone wanna text?
Will ever follow me?
May 4 I'm making a decision for the better
Aw shucks... thanks! :)
For all the assaults on his integrity, Fred Durst was pretty upfront about doing it all for the nookie.
#iwannagiveashoutout to my girl friend
thank you baby!.
Much is needed to restructure the "Trust" and to clarify the relationship between the "Trust" and the DC government.
Did you read the language in Petrino's morals clause? Appears to give Arkansas full discretion in making that call.
I hate the
Being with MarineMax gives us access to more inventory nationwide than any other dealer in the U.S. That's only part of what makes us
I'm in your city :-)
Interesting challenge. Maybe a hosted CSV? We'll look into it.
Yet fixed, somehow, before Best Makeup.
Proof of how much disposable income is out there. Or impulse buying.
Observations of the Day: 1. NARA has its own subculture, 2. Historians have their own fashion code. You need to know both to make it work.
Learning about the stimulus pkg and nonprofits
Happy Birthday Taylor Swift!
12 mile run first, THEN derby party and wedding time!
I dont get why freshmen are hating on the eighth graders, that was us just last year.. give them a chance
CoCo gets his run back and defeats Toiyet to advance to winners finals of his pool.
RT : Common sense is one of #Capricorn most valuable assets
Wouldn't it be the first this year?
Great stuff!
good evening!!
#Natural Pain Relieving Gels is available in both a WARM & COOL therapy. We have ALWAYS been a NATURAL product.
yep, the rest is Marvel
Curious about ppl who packed up desk at wk running frantic. Bet those guys would rather it end than walk in Mon w/sad box of office supplies
I ate about 10 chocolate digestives last night. And a pear.
the one before this was like 225 to 30. O.o
New truth: The first cause cannot always be the company. It must also be manager's deep fulfillment within the company.
If game 7 was in Denver, it would be a lock for the Nuggets.
s/o 2oo :) have a great day tomorrow, goodnight sweet dreams :)
So simple, but so yummy...
damn u already sleep like u dead we Dnt need u to kill nothing in the back of that bih
Does Hulk smash? RT : Are you ready for the Avengers movie Kasper?
You're lumping me in with some good company, there.
I love how Rudy is asleep on the phone and he didn't hang up <3
#sexualcultures on separations of reproduction from the female body: pregnant men, Shulamith Firestone.
Still looking 4 a grip for #HomeBrewed #webseries shoot this wknd. Dir. by w/ producing-
Shelly - will you permit me a brief explanation?
I wanna be a model.
S/O To U Diggz Keepin' That Stack Bundles Legacy Going..Best Rapper Of All Time
he's only continuing the tradition of last season. I blame ownership.
Optimum time for webinar is 90 minutes. 2 hour classroom converts into 90 minutes
Bosh is such a pansy.
How was your day Mama Mahone?(:
Very cool map.
You've gotta check out my story. #pdx offering GREAT new service for those trying to escape domestic violence
thanks for the mention! :)
Kevin Garrnet Shot A 3 pointer what the world is coming 2
Thank you, President , for taking a stand. May 9, 2012 will be remembered as an historic day for equality.
Ok...here we go.
Today was pretty good (: But im sure tomorrow will be better
We are offering a Free trial of Seroquel XR #30 tablets.
No religion here today. Rory wears orange and Martin wears green.
I got a new haircut and got my braces off(:(:(:
Who wants lunch?? How about pasta? Pasta Robusta: Grilled chicken breast, broccoli, onions, sun-dried tomatoes in a pesto cream sauce
#kids Mckeesport Children's Room - Mother goose Storytime for children ages Birth to 35 months: Mckeesport Children's Room - Mother goose...
Nothing like having a conversation with a dude in a pirate hat at 8:00am. San Francisco, I love you.
I have a lot of confidence in Rick. He has proven us he can make great in-game adjustments.
Finally got a gym membership yesterday xD gonna start #projectswole soon with
The head never rules the heart, but just becomes its partner in crime.
Tim Tebow named the #2 QB in Denver! Brady Quinn continues to disappoint in the NFL
make me some? :)
RT : John Derbyshire fired after 30-year-long racist outburst
how long does the bad last? Hours,days or weeks? Anything particular trigger it?
we plan to do these free paranormal get-togethers/chats every other month. Know of a nice place in Indy with free private room?
This guy is wearing a crewneck with a mugshot of MLK jr. Amazing!!!!!!!!
The top 2 tech skills that are in demand today are Systems and Network Engineers and Software Developers, .NET, Java, PHP, and MySQL
At least I didn't misspell misspell just then
By A$$, I meant my own. #small #clarification -__-
Kim we are looking forward to seeing you there! Thanks for the re-tweet!
hi,boy followback me
Went to a lacrosse game in the rain and now my pants/underwear are soaked through
I love the contractors who have no idea what they're doing! Keeps me busy repairing their mistakes
En route to Minneapolis to host a college readiness workshop at the American Indian Science & Engineering Society Conference tomorrow
Yay summer here it comes
Thanks Rebecca. And I was reading your piece on subway on way home. VG, as always.
Morning world!
Loved the movie #SinnersAndSaints! Have now bought 4copies-kept 1-gave 3 as gifts-Incredible shooting, intense Action! Can't wait for sequel
I just made chocolate mouse from avocados....freaking yum...who knew....
Recording "For a While" and "Mr. D" in Studio A #MTSU. Get ready for our next double the trouble EP!
10 days till is in Dallas! asdffghjkl IM SO EXCITED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I hate feeling this
Hey !! OMG !! i just made an awesome electro-house music song thatz so amazing !! itz the best one i've made on Clubcreate
tomorrow is my bday could u be so kind as to so me a happy bday tomorrow n follow me? Plz! It would be the best if u did!
I know...right?! Today much better...and I'm getting a killer tan! How was your trip?
This bitch making my allergies flare up
No offense taken... :D
The French election was very close, even with Hollande leading by over 10 pts. The lesson? France is at an impasse.
I totally love when uses her mom voice - "a heinous disregard for women and young girls..."
bleach your hair :).
I hope you enjoy the game tonight! And be safe out there!
pick a good team though, not a greed driven club ha
It's amazing have #BoyMahomies in our family <3
Morning Jay!!!
Cmon Roy trick another
: context-free poetry quote of the day, "Dying’s the best / Of all the arts men learn in a dead place," from James Wright.
anybody else in sacramento feel a mild earthquake just now?
Working on a song yet again..hayden needs to help me again! haha :P
": Morning!!" Good Morning....HAVE A GOOD DAY!
Im not gunna lie, i do love scooby-doo though ....
I gained 5 lbs in the first week of 2012. Is leap year the equivalent of opposite day, only an entire year?
ur tweets make me want to punch a baby squirrel
I always look at girls wit big asses grab mine then gag!!!!
Steak and shrimp❤
Yup, is an outstanding tool -- especially when you have a new or distributed team. Two thumbs up.
Check us out on Facebook!
is on twitter, brilliant 😊
yeah baby
no manu,no.problem we got this
Instagram has NOTHING on the Senate ID Office's filters. Every year, they manage to make me look extra #puffy, bleary-eyed, and
you've done a great job staying a step ahead on realignment. Keep it up! Solid insight.
Joe Sacco said "if you throw a bomb in the U of C comic-con today you'd wipe out "a couple of generations of #comic #book #artists."
that's awesome. Let's do it.
wat up riri u r going to c me weekend so look out
Been playing around with the new Kodak Zi8 and the Zx1 for HD footage. Gotta say I'm pretty impressed!
not sure what this is reply to...?
Only three more days left to save 20% on your online order! Don't forget to use promo code WEBLUV at checkout!
Please wish a Happy Birthday to my lovely wife Rena.
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star :) LOL :)
I hate knowing things.
Well, still has one entry left. Here's hoping that "we can all split it if one of us wins" deal is on.
your keeping the team alive man
I really need to stop this whole talking thing.
That's right at a time when most services up their prices for one game. The man who was handicapper of the year 2011 Jrich is saying give it
At Library of Congress to see 's lecture on the James Webb Space Telescope. I <3 big telescopes.
Nail Salon ( :
ON AIR TIME UNTIL EPISODE 01:47:56 GUEST CALL-IN (646) 478-0089 call in we want to hear from u
US factory growth best in 10 months; Dow passes four-year high
Thanks so much for RT! Happy hump day!
Don't Tread on Me, end it now 2012
quoting James Murphy: "the best way to complain is to make things"
blogtv is acting so stupid right now, smh.
Book your next hair appointment now, 813 910-2770
up and down x1000
The things we can do with 20 minutes girl
Food folks - my first issue of Lucky Peach magazine arrived. Anybody read it? Opinions??
At work
Come play squares at the Granicus booth...giving away prizes
holy tamale, is dangerous! (in a good way)
The total headquarters staff is about 18 to 20. Seven of us work on media and publications (at least some of the time).
so adorable
The best revenge is to be successful. It is to stay strong & move forward in life; never stopping, never giving up, never take a step back.
we must be working in the same place...18 y/o cva in PVS, mother trying to feed him, yikes!
Love may make the world go round, but it's romantic love that makes the ride worthwhile.
I Want Some Mcdonalds, Somebody wanna brinq me some ? lbs
it's ok it goes with him 😁
NyQuil doesn't even work these days....
Vincent Doyle, pres of NY State Bar Assn, is relaying history of MacCrate report, R5.4, decision that nonattys should not join with attys
Taylors do what they wanna do. For me personally I pride myself on doing things that are different,unacceptable and weird.
Currently over 100 online viewers of #igniteSmithsonian. How many people in seats?
ma jam
JUST BOUGHT MY 2013 TOUR TICKETS! ROW 4 FROM STAGE! PUMPED! just 1 year..i can do it.
lol malick got his mama buyn him a nike shirt lol she reading all the shirts to him we just in the background laughfn
Bored out of my mind.
"Aqua" is getting its finishing details before going to its new home in South Beach FL.
Blanka_Creative opinion on Helena V's photos-"I absolutely love them, they are very creative, excellent work"
Tell your friends to like our page!! Tag us in a post =] talk to us
And lucky me for meeting you!
Its not really bad yet but this rita got me feeln like its 30 below
Wow, this week's episode on fundraising, lobbyists and the power of $ in US government is great, but depressing as hell.
parker has inspired things in wolfie. like a cat nip addiction and a fondness for playing ball.
enough to base any conclusion on, 23yr old is not a kid. Poseys future is not 100%. Its a big unkn, so still a relevnt concern.
Just made my flight to Pensacola. Ran so good in this spot seeing how I was obv late! Skipped check-in and security lines!!
It is not to inform God of anything that we make our petitions, but instead, that we may detach ourselves from the cares of life
Take time 2 deconstruct the constructions that have bn handed 2 U & U accepted w/out question as U work towards constructing yr new reality.
I speak the truth--great work! And ditto--I always appreciate the encouragement from you and others on my #ClioS12 assignments.
La La La Warming up for a afternoon of auditions
didnt no your ass back then
This Tuesday just feels like it's a Client Swag Tuesday. Stay tuned later today for a little raffle :)
Today's English speaking Wikipedia featured article, Stephen Crane, "The Red Badge of Courage"
Join us tonight for Simplified, PJ Bottoms and River City Rising-Doors @ 8pm Tickets $12.00
Thursday?! I'm done with class at 3:18.
Never stress something that won't matter a year from now
Wait it might b little 8==D lls.
No one ever says E or Vin were their favorites. Least interesting leads ever.
Hope you have fun tonight. <3
When were you not a bear?
Who else walks in the cold, with shorts?
It seems to me that the world is on the verge of a major wake up call. It's tough to lie when everyone has a camera and access to the www.
RT nice pic! Haven't lived in Denver since '07, miss Coors Field. PetCo ain't bad though.
Opportunity makes the thief.
Ive got an idea for #sharktank each week have huge dunking tank with large rubber shark. The rudest host gets dunked!
What are you cooking??
Ok, making sure, knew his comment about "super fans", wondering where the KC shot came from. Why I don't expand on other's words
Scale without substance is not sustainable
!!!! When Drita called her "DJ Repeat", I was done. RT : I can't stand Karen -_-
I was reminded this week at #ASTD2012 more than once, that I need to find pockets of silence during the week to think & anchor myself,
It's so pathetic that one of these teams will be playing for the eastern conference title
Your actions will tell me everything I need to know....#thankful for discernment
Hope you can make my presentation tonight, Barry.
Celebrating October birthdays of the great clarinetists: Eddie Daniels (10/19), Stan Hasselgard (10/4).
hooray! So glad you made it all official. :)
doin' it right.
Watching Cheech and Chong and smoking is like watching the Food Network while eating
I'm not a big Will Farrel fan, but Gael Garcia Bernal and Diego Luna .... hummina-hummina-hummina..... *drool* Movies it is!
That makes sense. I wasn't sure/gap in my knowledge. You should write a tome, or two, on the history of
Good job, Homer. Looking good tonight. One more inning?
...to sworn personnel. faces a $2.2 million shortfall and is considering contracting out with CalFire as a result.
Lebron is not the leader of the Big 3. God damn you ABC/ESPN
happy thanksgiving and congrads on winning the wwe title. im happy ur the wwe champ instead of alberto deil rio.
And a #JayHay streak end. At least someone taught him how to take a pitch. I don't think that dude ran up 2 balls in all of 2011.
#Penguins Thank you for an awesome season!
oh is it now
Last time I checked people should be happy where they work.
Don't come running back to me when you get treated the same way you treated me ✋
Sookie stackhouse and bill Compton are on my plane
Gay ass profile picture lmaoo
Devil's advocate: Doesn't say they haven't TRIED it :)
Do you not think so far ahead?
Had a great visit with Lea Kemp and Kathryn Murano at RMSC to talk about one of our interns -- who by all accounts did a fabulous job.
#ThisChristmas we all want to go abroad at the SPI offices.
Christmas! aw....
You hear your favorite song, turn to your friend and sing it dramatically.
I'd like to thank Frank Purdue for putting the chicken wing on St. Mary's
agreed. Reading and viewing different.
Happy Dictionary Day!
Follow our friends - they are giving away Miami Hurricanes basketball tickets! good luck winning!
Thank you William! You're the best!
IT SHOW U WHAT KINDA SYSTEM WE LIVIN' IN WHEN A MAN CAN STEAL YA NAME DEAD OR ALIVE & U CAN'T DO SHIT ABOUT IT. HOW GAY IS DAT? DICK RIDERS!
the difference is that Miles outcoached Saban for the 2nd yr in a row and wildly more successful at LSU than Saban was. Fact!
Thank you! Have had a great first day!
Philippines Research ♥ for History MUN Makes me think of Julian Lmaoo!
I think you made a great decision!
What a fantastic dance for #DWTS has talent this year. Go Pack Go
waahhh my body is so sore after my first training sesh 😭💢
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!😁
shyt me 2 its a boring ass day!!
haha most definitely! You do the same
Freak it up beat it up eat it up beat it up i like da fact she like it rough
how do are you able to post so many comments so quickly? Trying to learn how to use Twitter...
Dear sir on the train. I am not food and you are creeping me out looking at me like im breakfast. Stop.
OMG Mimi! how scary!!
Confused moment when your walking and a car honks at you....."STRANgER dANGER"!! Lol
Deaded the chinstrap yesterday. All it did was remind me of the fact that I can't grow a beard. It was survived by a goatee.
Fill in the blanks: I wish my dentist _____________.
But outdoor Digital Media advertising is not as simple as putting a flat screen TV on a wall.
smh so are we doing something tomorrow?!
O, #sherlock is back!
Yep, we're pretty much made for each other. ;-) Twitter doesn't lie.
Going out in Ft.Lauderdale tonight.. who's in the area & wanna come party it up??
“: IL Mee or Honey Pig in Annandale! Enjoy!” Thanks Angie!!!
Thanks, Bonnie. The feeling is mutual!
Love the phrase "wicked problems" - JSB at
huh geez just saw #cowboys owner jerry the facelift jones on tv dont c him much on tv huh
You once told me to always take care of your family...my little sisters haven't seen you in four years.
My back spasms are coming back #bodyofanoldman 👴
Yeahh That shit not proper aha.
I wanna parrot! an I wanna teach it how to say "vete ala chingada wey!" that would be #TOOFUNNY! xD
so glad your here friday:)
2nd vote on City Council Pos. 3, neither Meacham or Harrell got 60% votes, so no endorsement on this position.
miss you guys!
David Malmuth is speaking my language at #aesummit2012. Name-dropping Joe Cortright, walkability, metrics for IDEA District
she'd b critiquing you the whole time and rolling her eyes like she was bored.
OK. work is done. Now it's capper time. Helms down. Shields up. Swords drawn. Let's rock and roll!
I'm pretty sure I'm not supposed to feel this way about Bieber.. but I would let him be my boyfriend.
Imani: I have a crush on all the infants!
Goodnight! Lights out. :p
RT FBI Director Mueller confirms agency has opened 'preliminary investigation' into JPMorgan -
If he's cheated on you once, he will do it again. I wouldn't get your hopes up.
can't believe I missed it ya'll!
that was unreal. Holy shit.
Birthdays suck.
wait I just got that shut up biotch
Anyone wanna play 'Words with Friends' with me?(: add me "Joshdeane"
y u hater dont leave my ella 666 alone and mind your own business
well, its certainly more socially acceptable than the other one!
Wade can you follow me so I can DM you :-)
Friday's episode will be themed with 90's alternative rock. Got a request that fits in this category? Reply or use
Precious! Happy birthday!
wait wait - not the one you showed me, right?
#BucciOvertimeChallenge Beagle and Marchand.
I believe in a long, prolonged, derangement of the senses in order to obtain the unknown. - Jim Morrison
i don't! It just popped up on that activity thing and it said Melissa was following them so I thought I would give it a gander
“: Dad: "every day is mothers day" Mom: "BULL FUCKING SHIT!!!" #happymothersday” haha
Did u know about JAMACHI Spa? We give great massages. Just ask for Maku, Joel or Barbara and Call 301.585.0888
The basic essential of a great actor is that he loves himself in acting.
Joining tonight's Legendary dobbs show 10pm are "The Perfects" out of Maryland! featuring Jimmie's Chicken Shack guitarist, Island Styles!
LOL I agree. Emo isn't even the word now to describe him smh
Headache. Not Migraine, thank goodness. Just Headache.
I was once addicted to FarmVille, sadly.
How can the full service line move faster than the bag drop line in Orlando? Makes absolutely no sense.
Not impressed with #Windows8. Looks like they phoned it in. Or maybe a third grader did.
Amazing! #NYR. MSG is rocking!
A1) Pizza, of course! Followed by chips & dip and possibly some wings
Love your helper elf! xoxo
#SeussBday always reminds me how I get inordinately annoyed at people who spell it "Dr. Suess."
Listen here, you little EW. Do you REALLY want to start something with me? I've made people cry, and I'm proud of it.
It's a beautiful day in the LBK! Don't forget that you'll get 10% off today if you come in and say "Super-Duper Saturday" to us!
not worth it! > “: I will commit suicide if Ian Poulter wins The Players.”
GET OVER IT KTHXBYE
Full house tonight at #digisports conference at Georgetown. Big discussion on mobile & sports w/ reps from &
I'm good at what I do.
Get those umbrella handy- we're looking at some serious rain later tonight and tomorrow. Looks like it's going to be a wet weekend too!
get it bro.
Couldn't resist herb plants at the farmers market--rosemary, lemon thyme, lemon verbena, and two mints.
congrats and good luck!
Ready to fuck.
I have to talk about old issues..because im like your ex..i just cant move on
Work Hard....Drink Right....And be Responsible!! The best Vodka on the planet in my opinion.
Uguguguguh tornado every where else in Florida expect for where I live, great.
having 50,000 followers won't help if they are all twitter-bots. No one is really following you they're just automated follwers
Mega Millions Jackpot is now $206 million...now that's a sign to play the office pool since I work for 206 Tours! :p Heyy you never know!
oh, you. Sleep well.
we all have a good heart but in due time it could always turns ugly.
ha another restless night ...... well guess no sleep again /:
They were sleeping lol
About to hit legs today. Workout days= good days
Goodnight people of God!! have a blessed night! =D
When did your dog become a wizard? That's wizard beard. Also, good job on the whole attorney thing.
That's a dream job. It wouldn't matter if anything you did or said made sense, probably nobody would notice if you didn't show up.
Not gonna lie… I wanted Marko to win…
i stabbed a porn star becox I'm sexy lol
Might lose my day job because I refuse to make a boxed mix? So be it.
#pathetic RT : MB just called it the Valentine's Day massacre. #blazers go down at home 124-109 to the umm ... Wizards.
Today. I found a 12min monster drumming jam with Matt Rickle and Aaron Quillen. Should I share with the world?!
[virtual high five]
*pelvic thrusts*
Skillex and deadmau5 need to collaborate ASAP!!!!!!!!
as long as I get a turn
yes lol! He kinda cute
segregation is over...let all the dogs play together :-)
Go Bruins! RT That's the kind of reckless effort that wins playoff games. HUGE goal to tie this thing.
Yeah - that seems pretty tacky, and desperate looking.
I love it when I receive direct tweets from people I follow ;)
She Said She Only F*cked About 4-5 N*ggas , So You Know Youu Gottuuh Multiply By Three . ~
Thanks for the follow! Welcome to Jax!
My roommate bought chocolate wine and it's pretty much the best thing ever.
In honor of American Heart Month: did you know that you can protect your heart by exercising at least three times a week?
I think for a medium body habano it is pretty good. Great constuction and well balanced.
I'm certain there should be somewhere nearby. Lots of bike racks in the Kendall Sq. area.
I have presale codes for DEATH CAB FOR CUTIE at bridgestone on aug 10th!
Misleading headline there
Haircut at 7 today, finally.
I can tell you this, we hit it off immediately and I think you and Val are in for a treat! BTW, tell Val not to rent convertibles!
thank you!!!
Thank you for the follow, definitely need to keep updated on konwledge in design! Cheers!
me too
same to my mother!
Enjoying the #Oscar tweets!! Keep 'em comin!!
Netflix suggestion of the day: A&E on "Human Sacrifice" - Sundays were made for this!
If a hug represented how much I loved you, I would hold you in my arms forever.
Outstanding leadership uniquely combines vision with direction to move forward and create change.
Hollllllup son...MCA passed??? Beasties did SO much for
RT If Sarah Palin lived in the UK she would get free contraception and mental health care
if u had to choose b/w seeing or big time rush which would it b? It better b the cute ones with the cute accents.
I'll send you a pic next January when I get my braces off :) THEN WE WILL HAVE NAKED TEETH TOGETHER
Just popped down
5 weeks until Florida :)
Judgments of others are alienated expressions of our own unmet needs.
| Wow! Im going home now... just completed me. Thank you!
I will...this is Twitter
and I are on our way to #PAWS Chicago to pick up a couple puppies to foster! So excited!
Tonight was crazy. Good night world.
Anyways, goodmorning y'al .
Do the right thing and get the right thing done to you
If I was the bachelor, I'd pick you!
JUST FIGURED OUT WHY THEY ALL SOUND ALIKE, THEY NEED 2 UNDO THEM JEANS, BETTER YET, GET SUM THAT FIT & WEAR A SMALLER BELT BUCKLE!!! LOL
Yay!!! Made it on the plane after all!
I wonder if will ever tweet me again and follow me.
What's the bad news? Does this qualify as a Dick joke?
Well we are finally on the way #tired oh and im HATE small spaces!
just heard donald trump on hip hop nation...holla
Got a new hair cut(:
I really miss talking to my old twitter friends like :)
. Most definitely. I didn't like jelly beans anyway!
Ice Cream time!:) #yum!
Happy 3rd Birthday to one of the best little cousins ever, Kinley!<3
WIN A TRIP TO HAWAII - video poker giveaways. prizes include trips, cash & ipods loaded with the complete Frankie's jukebox. see bartender
Very fitting that Red Solo Cup plays on the drive home from HH with and
Yeah, I'm sure I'll get one. I don't see how it can't be interesting.
Barkley believes Javale Mcgee will play well and they will upset a banged up Lakers team.
ahhahahah..not yet, i just noticed it last night...it had a bunch of suggestions recorded..i'll try watching it later tonight
Loving this up tempo Caps play.
three! Is that too many?
can't wait to see you
Sometimes you walk 30 blocks and then accidentally end up at Magnolias.
I'm gonna win 's One Direction contest;)
that's unhealthy! GO SLEEP!
"If the wine is sour, throw it out!" - Michelangelo (via unknown store owner) Sorry for the wait y'all, it's gotta be right! ;-)
Men can read maps better than women. Cause only the male mind could conceive of one inch equaling a hundred miles.
Attn RW trolls. I don't mind a civil debate. However, when I get the better of you, don't get personal. You'll be blocked.
Follow :) follow follow follow :)
oh how you make me laugh.
so you're getting cold sweats cause your shit?
Why do I let Jon Stewart and Stephen colbert ruin my REM cycle?
Who out there is celebrating Cinco de Mayo with us!?
RT : Want to volunteer at our Craft Beer Block during the North Park Festival of Arts, Sunday May 20th? Please contact......
hey trevor follow me buddy
no problemo...hope u give lots of drunken cinco de drinko calls tomorrow
Lol JK, hug and a kiss :]
I NEED SOME FOLLOWERS
#WhenImAlone I dream of Indian Spices and Chocolate coming together in perfect harmony. Do you think it's possible?
KXAN's : "I'm hungry for stories."
Congratulations to Brandie on her engagement!
"By the way that you crush on mee ! Ohh baby baby oh. "
come to the urban farm & make art. i have cameras. wonder if the artboys w/duck masks will return # bit.ly/dAUPYp
I want all of these in one movie.
Happy 18th Birthday! You are officially an adult, that is crazy! Hope you have a fabulous day!
The pomegranate revolution in processed food is getting a little long in the tooth. You're not knocking corn sweetener out of number one.
When you reread a classic you do not see more in the book than you did before; you see more in you than there was before. - C. Fadiman
Finally made it to Canfield, time to check out all the goodies at the fair
luckily a kerfuffle occurred with the maitre d that prevented my tweets from making a scene!
Big firms face slow times in bankruptcy #ASM11 but is on fire .... consumer bankruptcy still very busy.
Got a grant for college!
since real recognize real, is Louisville for real?
#teamblackout is having a great time tonight
...was it true? If so, gross.
Maybe everyone thought my St Paddy's Day party was today.
can't believe it's almost JUNE!! Busy re-working some scenes in a new series...
Had the best time with my cousin Julian tonight, had a few drinks, got a little heart broken, and now its time 4 bed :)
China Express
oh joyful LOL truck has been at freightliner since monday so they got me working the yard this week. 90 degrees and no ac lol
Ha, yes!! I have a Breville, i think an 800 or 900 watt
RT : If you are attending the HIMSS #CNIO Luncheon today, make sure to tag your tweets with #DFWHIMSS! Hope to see you there!
Great weather. Good crowd. Dope party thus far.
No prob homie! RT: “: kicking it bro but thanks for the #retweet bro”
Had hockey last night, and hit the gym this morning with I'm a bad m'fr.
You can now use Skype to connect with anyone on Fbook?! I feel like everything relies on fbook whiten any end well...
": #steelers have moved Wes Lyons to tight end. At 6-9 260, he is a beast." I like this move, but is he strong enough?
lets do it! lunch time flash mob! RT ": imma dance like that tomorrow!"
New #Rams follow-up people! The future is bright!
Paragon here we come!
Oh my, I just performed Al Green on UStream hopefully everyones ears are okay.
I need to catch up on my z's.:P
Blinded by the light!!! Lol.
Jealous minds they think alike.
Energy drinks are a good and bad thing..would be what I meant to say *smile*
Tragedy. I miss Stella. Haven't had one in forever.
Follow me Thanks!:)
will do. The Scottsx2 and Friends would shake LA up. Can't wait to see u.
sorry, you're just so sexy it's hard not. ;)
I'm becoming way too addicted to house of anubis .-. #Stagingaintervention :P
You know, I have stayed in Seaside, but I have never been to the famed Red Bar in Grayton Beach. Now I HAVE to go.
I love Russell Simmons, but vegan's are plant murderers. I hope he's plantin' trees. Go Ribs!
All i want for christmas is a SJ13 new contract deal with the bills!
I've been pretty happy with the ASUS UL30A.
or ask for a lime instead and take a shot !!
Fucking tablet died ! WHILE I WAS PLAYING ANGRY BIRDS IN SPACE &gt;.&lt;
Honestly, a part of me hate basketball right now. Why doe it have to happen to such a good kid like Rose?
2 may talk together under the same roof for many years, yet never really meet; & 2 others at first speech are old friends.Mary Catherwood
TGIF! Try your best to catch up and stay caught up. Tough now, but saves time + stress in the long run :)
I'm good cuz how about u ??
I'm getting sick :/
Normally I can trace geting sick to lack of sleep but this thing just seems to be coming out of nowhere.
On the bright side, s/o to mother nature for the free car wash.
Oh man, I had that happen to me yesterday.
At Comedy Works for South Metro Denver Chamber Small Business Leadership Awards.
Mike Will Made It...
At least it was just the sleeve. Usually it's take off the shirt, than the pants just to show off his small watch.
I wanna punch Gasol in the face when he gets excited
If H.P. Lovecraft were alive today, he would be into Norwegian Black Metal, especially Gorgoroth.
My Dixie Wrecked
President's Day Special: FREE shipping all day Monday. Use code UNCLESAM11 at checkout. #President'sDay
Press Release: Actor Patrick Wilson Returns to Alma Mater ...
I bcc that.That way nobody,and believe me when I say nobody, will find out CC's Cache. Actually, for the record cc's a dump
The existence of people who still read books makes ME very happy this morning! :)
I feel like I need a mental health day - I don't see a day off in my near future. Meep!
Eating Frosted Mini Wheats as fast as possible because they get nasty real quick
Recovering from a weekend at the Central Illinois Quilt Shop Hop. We visited 11 shops in 2 days. It was such fun even through the raindrops.
Gotta learn a New York accent ASAP - what are some recommended resources (aside from driving to New York)?
Feeling thankful for family, friends, career, and home. Happy Thanksgiving!
our good friend Bob has. Do you have questions?
Wish my boys and we're here to celebrate my 21st
Go #UWS! RT: : I was just awarded Broker of the Year for my 2011 Sales for the Westside Office!!
Rise and Shine!!! The Homie is in town with Girl! Gonna be a reunion!
Been one helluva day so far. Freezing cold, joints hurt... Neck is killing me. And its only a couple hours into the day... Ugh!!
oh me too!
I just made a cocktail out of G2 fruit punch, vodka, & frozen fruit. Because the baby is asleep. And that's all I had in the house. Cheers!
The bible is the instruction manual for life
then yeah, def tell her lol
Facebook is like a fridge. When you're bored you keep opening and closing it every few minutes to see if there's anything good in it.
Could eat the kitchen staff meal every day.
Exciting day/presentation with BIG idea today = accountability at remote/unmanned locations CAN be achieved.
Elease is seriously an actress lol
yeah u were
booze makes everything taste better, duh!
Went through my proactive book saw justins picture took it out and hung it on my wall haha I love you <3
U cannot make up u'r own def'n blatantly contrad std 1, and then accuse me of not talking prop 4 not following u'r made up defn
RT Patriots release veteran RB/FB Sammy Morris, per his agent,
Bravo! These companies and organizations are really trying to overstep people's personal bounds these days. Ridiculous!
any words of advice to the people we will be meeting at #NSHMBA11 this week? Looking for great talent for
hope you have a great Triples trip on Friday! Sorry to hear you were stuck in traffic yesterday
My Packers got Nick Perry who!! Go Pack Go!!
So happy I can stay connected to the people I care about most in America. On my way to Paris :)
Blonde before graduation. Yaaaaay!
yeah we are
VICOM-125 Students: I'm sitting with the author of our textbook at the airport in Orlando. We're on the same flight to Milwaukee.
don't their buses run on natural gas? They cause earthquakes too. Fml
working on an imprinted pen order. Thanks Huong!
wow i am really blonde when it comes to playing call p\of duty its fun though
Just improvised a white chocolate raspberry silk torte on the fly for a tasting in 2 hrs. Fingers crossed.
The best Hulk there has ever been.
my name is also rod and i like to party
awww! :( just remember: your feelings deserve to be honored as much as everyone else's. Don't prioritize them by risking u.
you missed the Spinny Bar closing Plenary remarks at the mobile parade
Enjoy, enjoy!
I thought it'd be something encouraged.
It's too damn hot
twitter war.....? I THINK YES :D
The guy sitting in front of me looks like Stu from the Hangover
is tired of trying, sick of crying, yea I'm smiling, but inside I'm dying :p
wait..where's the funny part that was talking about?!NATH!haha
I wish I were sane. Sane people have friends. To keep them sane.
Love when my Vovo send me a valentines day card with $5 in it!
I wonder if is at the Cubs/Cards game today. #goodluckcharm :)
such beautiful veils! Made my heart melt just a tad!
0844 880 2010....It's the only number you'll need for all your business telecom requirements :)
Of course!
Is mediation right tries to review CEO's education records with previews and outs of Afghan war.
RT : Hydrate hydrate HYDRATE today ladies !!<more like SHOP SHOP SHOP! LOL
Heading to UW basketball media days. Updates coming soon! Stay calm
Glad you like it! Will definitely pass along the congrats to the right folks!
we need to plan a trip here! And the run situation was horrific, yet hilarious.
What's up with all these #casino table games with these mind-bending difficult-ass rules?! , you guys are safe!
AA credit rating, huh... I guess I should start investing in barrels and suspenders.
I thought they canceled that show?
I love it that my boyfriend stands up for me when people are being rude and talking shit about me :/ <3Rainbows<3P.L.U.R.<3
aha, another instance of the true value of black life
What is this "doornail" that people are deader than? Never saw one.
Kobe bout to lose a 150 m's
& suga free- 'till the dawn'
I agree lol
Just got back from taking a group of kids to see Earth at the El Capitan. First 60 minutes-GOOD! Last 60 minutes-well let's just say long.
holy ishhhh is right.
route: Tenth Avenue Freeze Out. Our running guru has apparently been listening to too much Bruce again. Baby we were born to run!
soo your gonna be twitter famous really soon & I just want you to remember some of the people that first followed you<3
Sending my love to u and Mr. C, I pray he feels better soon.
Just saw amazingly powerful video made by an Asian-American student for her class. Shows the power of digital storytelling. Wow.
Do you ever feel that some people should not be allowed to talk?
It's probably about 10 hours from Southwest Virginia.
yes I am.
I attended church with my thoroughly gorgeous young best friend Wendy, and we had breakfast at a place called "The Pink Apple." It was nice.
I did plz
Thx to , & all who participated in today's #socmed sessions w/ & me for ! Good conversation.
Bro my verse to dat Drake beat is bout to shock the fuck out of u.. my verse is ever rappers fav rappers fav rappers fav verse.
Life marches by, I suggest you get on with it. Joy Baluch
Atlas Twitched
Yeah, and I love how he already has haters. You know you're good if you're 19 and already have a ton of haters.
Chane & Griff working on finishing the dunk...
should i jus delete my facebook all together? i think im leaning towards it!
Love it when you talk that talk to me!
And somebody just went by with a camera and tripod
:D <3 we gotta play black ops again!!
brady to Branch and a gain of 8 1st down. Brady Passes deep and incomplete.
Hit one over the right field fence in little league practice tonight #firsttime. Opening day on Tuesday!!!
Today is a good day
I'm glad we're talking.. Get things laid out before we say goodbye for good...??
You missed the important part where he RUNS A REAL WOODSHOP IN CHICAGO! HOLY SHIT-SNACKS!
Get at me! #get at me
Real soul music is NOT about loudness or booty calls.Listen to the greats and "true"understanding will come
Good night tweetos!! Ciao
My account was hacked sorry if something offensive was sent from my account have not been on until I received message from you
Have referred to #sxswLAM folks as both "library elves" & the "library cabal" in the past week. Seriously amazed at how much is happening.
So mad I dropped my phone... I needa new outer box -_-
I glad kim got her foot in her neck... stink pussy hoe!!!
Spark notes is a lifesaver #thankthelord 🙏
Y'all heifers gone stop laughing at me. I'm stressed out by lack of sex over here ☹
When cats drink water, their tongues move so fast that the human eye cannot track what is happening.
RT : Granite "don't take your mom.for granite"..lmfaoooooooo....phones don't come with auto correct no more...
you're a good girl. you were able to contain yourself.
#jaredsullinger will be on sportscenter for the wrong reasons
Right - but fun that it's in MN!
playing all night be there
gah so stressed out right now! last night in dc until 2012!!
Do you ever sleep? Workin'
Its not enough to just say "I believe" and not question anything. Those questions help us grow in the gospel, it does not show disrespect.
Happy Monday! Hope everyone had a wonderful #Easter Sunday
leave my man alone #Suspect , Is not texting you! What do you want!!! Hehehehe
And, Virginia #THATCamp-ers, just 2 more days to add your < 500-word session ideas to the blog! We're getting excited!
Thank you for the follow =) You are an amazing person and singer!
Sweat pants Nike's and sports bra yea I got to go shopping a girl gotta look fancy (: -BGC
it would be nice if the my client center on google adwords would update more often...conversions are always way off
I wonna phuck wit u baby
Laker fans have your brooms ready
Very proud and pumped to fight for Big thanks to my team coach
lol thanks man!
don't be jell, son - we'll be there soon! Rt “: #jealous Hurry up and open on 19th street!”
These soups work for the weekend: Tomato Bisque, Andouille Sausage& Bell Pepper, Turkey Wild Rice, Chicken Dumpling and Veggie Noodle!
The worst thing about loving someone is knowing they don't love you back.</3
The only thing that endures is character. Fame and wealth--all that is illusion. All that endures is character.
I heard that there were some tasty treats from in your goody bags!
Black Friday Beer Release! Nexus Maximus IPA a few customers wanted a strong IPA @ 9.4% ABU and 100+ IBU, your wish is our command!
Big meeting with the PGA SW Section and the GRN Team today. Love being a Golfpreneur!
Happy mother's day to all you wonderful mamas out there from #WomenBuild 2012 and beyond. HabitatMiami
The Uni spam filter makes interesting decisions. Email from an African prince? DELIVER IT! From the PI of my project? YOU DON'T NEED THAT!
love you too, thanks.
thanks for keeping us in mind. Hope to talk more soon.
I'm going drive thru and this guy was just like "I just wanna letchu know, your makeup looks JUST right." Uh thanks...
You're getting another tattoo? What is this one?
if anything, an infant adds focus! haha.
Rain makes everyone on the #Metro crazy and everyone on the road drive like crap
Well I'm working on burning my mom her own CD. I hope our neighbors enjoy blasted late 70's and 80's music. :)
One of most dangerous places to be is alone.
Yo man! You have the same cell #? Texted you last night, not sure if it got to you. Can you send me Matika's current #?
Americas Got Talent in a few but for now The Substitute this show is hilarious
you are amazing!!! Follow me please
happy g-day
Your followers to following ration is quite amusing...I guess it's safe to say 1 out of 3 people like you?
AW SHIT #OKEGIRLZ TAKING OVER MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND IN DA CHI 5/25 LIL KIM YUP (QUEEN BEE) PAJAMA JAM!! GET SEXY!!
you're not getting VIP anymore?
I love that!
How's your day, Beyonce?
probably not sleeping tonight since i slept all day.
WE impose meaning on the chaos of our lives. WE create form, morality, order. It's a choice we have to make every second of every day.
aww i wish u cld have gone and take pics 4 me'!!!!
We are doing what we can to inform the public of the true nature of religion & also why the world is as it is (how it became as it is).
Ah the lovely day of Sunday. Lmaoo. Thinkin about people. People i LOVE
It's Support Teen Literature Day!! What are you reading?
This weather is so amazing!!!! ☀🌷🌸
Who else was gonna get ice time?
Watching a scary movie wit my girls
Sweating madly and feeling sassy...hot yoga rules!
Can you follow me back? Please!;)
stop by tomorrow for a sneak peek of the new STITCH-EQ Black/White by #MIKELPATRIK!
underrated gem
And we can't wait to have you here! RT Standing on my amazing balcony ! Can't wait to move-in in a few weeks :)
#KillYourself lol RT : all this fucking rain makes me want to kill myself..
i can handle that
Come join Saz today from 2-4pm at the State House and conratulate him for 35 wonderful years of "The Finest!" www.sazs.com
happy to hear!!
John: "i want it aallll over me"
In the Venice studio with , living & loving LIFE!
damn bro :o
Hike, Bike, Run, Boat, Live Music....
Information should be within the reach of everyone, not just the rich or those who have access through privileged channels
Heres to hoping the new staff focuses even more on Hines. He's an underutilized weapon
We just got like 4 donations in the last hour... thanks so much guys.
follow my round new to twitter he followback
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join , & at BOMBAY RANCH
Now THAT would put a dent in the student loans! :-)
Really digging team collaboration tool. Free, super easy to use, friendly UI. Making my big projects much easier these days.
Gym- n- it up
Random complaint: Respectable professionals NOT washing their hands after using the toilet. Not cool.
That's great!
haha okie dokie. aw, hopefully you'll be blessed with tickets ! may the odds be ever in your favor :D x
have we got a treat for you!
Hey check this out its free! good for spreading the word about your music!
Damn I forgot my belt again at the gym
I'm the real Trevor
send us an EPK if you have one.
Thanks. I need to reformat for the new theme size, but it does the job. I like the website!
Happy Birthday to the awesomest guy who can't skate that good but who can sing like there isn't anything to it! Happy Birthday
Happy New Year!
yea that is serious mustache drawing skill lol
We even place the morals of ourpets aboveour own,for if a pet attacks us,its penalty is death.Then we attack each other,how are we not wrong
yeah sorry 0:
We want to hear from you! What #MKE area businesses would you like to receive deals from via text?
The Japanese sure are efficient in everything.
if it was stupid then u should just tell him that so u guys can just move 4ward...unless it's not worth it
I didn't get my snow cone :O
So disgusting and vile what DT is doing to people in many countries!
It's certainly a favorite around these parts. Just a few more days, then we gotta switch it up.
Rounders = party girls. KK = Kim Khardasian.
AW. Hell of a inning by the Tampa 3B
please follow me your so gorgeous and talented :)
you are special:D and haha idk anyone wid my last name ;o besides my family...
I'm mad asL
Great workout today. That Dynavec Hip superset w/ARX leg press is a wheel wrecker! Lots of PFX folks takin elevator in March ;-)
Thanks! Hope you enjoy!
covered in restrictive rags?
hey can't wait to see you tonight
indeed! I've heard good things about that spot
let me taste that cake
RT I have nearly finished my exercise, then wine *smiles*
At angel event listening to #fundraising+you
sent her hey wit a smiley face...bitches love happiness
#imagine Niall: i don't want you to go. you: i need to. Niall: but what if i never let you go ? you: then i'll lay in your arms forever
nuerogenetic feedback, hereditary, ancestral, societal, ENVIRONMENT. How much influence does the external environment have on the internal
Oh Lousiville is Beautiful 2 day .My little man IS WITH ME. He is so fab. He has his own Cam and is taking some utube vids YEAH 9 YEARS OLD
ooh, that is rough.
awesome- praise God! Congrats, Veronica!!
Thanks for inviting me to speak. I was honored to address the graduates. Once a Bearcat. Always a Bearcat.
yes yes:) very exited!!!
Liars never prosper!
I really should've known better than to buy "Maryland Style Crab Cakes" in New Mexico :/
you're such a fag.
occurring this week
That first feelin I gotta find love even if it kills me
I just discovered iTunes U. Listen to a lecture on Russian formalism while I drive, run, or cook? Yes please.
God spiderman totally needs to fly in, and then fall 40 feet. broadway!!!
Sunday morning thought: I have never seen a U-Haul attached to a hearse. It is both a sobering thought and a call to action. Enjoy the Day!
So nice out<333333333333
we are so awkward and shy :(
Can Newton
thanks amanda! great picture!
darn spell chk ! STAND UP!!!
congrats again on "Best Presentation"! I look forward to seeing how this develops!
Since I won't be there can you whisper it in my ear? 👂
grrr she makes me wanna scream
Just finished Guerilla Marketing..great book...looking forward to using some new weapons as our site launch is just around the corner
too bad Miami Heat. >>>> ❤❤ DONT YOU CALL ME A BANDWAGON. I've liked Miami before Lebron ok. ☀🌴🔥💘
can't wait to see you either unc! It's over!!! Ru ru gamma Ru. 1
People are raising funds for Chubby from "Our Gang"'s headstone. Perhaps they should also find him a more clever nickname. #Where'sSpanky?
Sunny for the rest of the week and in to next! Happy hour EVERYDAY starting at 3pm! AND we have a patio!
i would offer but i dont do my own homework
I am having a great day.
tweeting at you from across the table..... MAC N CHEESE
hahaha it really is! when i saw you post that i was like omg thats weird lol
hey u it's been awhile do I need to get out the hater tech glock a MF and bust a move? Lol
Fascinating interview on shrinkrapradio.com - a Jungian Approach to Fairy Tales with Tom Elsner.
I have planned an extra obnoxious two hours of radio on and tonight from 2a-4a....you should listen.
Amazing show tonight. Thanks to all who came to support. Great Job!
GO FOLLOW
Suck my cockiness lick my persuasion
- I'm so Sleepy Buht My New Friend Said He Fina Cum Ova So Hell I Guess I'm Fina Chill With Him !
Will be headed to Fairburn, GA on Wednesday for an auction! Check it out at www.njgallivan.com!
It's Bleak Movie Week at my house. Tues night: Winter's Bone. Last night: Sling Blade.
I swear this OG on the bus has to be #freshout. He getting geeked over every woman he sees
After being introduced to in Next to Normal, I am loving her performance in Great theatre today!
What OS are you running on your laptop? Which version of Windows/MacOS?
Dude took it old school with the game, hat, and flowers
“: No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow you progress, you are still way ahead of everyone who isn’t trying.”
JandJTech thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
How can we avoid difficult conversations at IEP meetings?.
Still don't kno what to do for your boo on V-day?? come take ArtOfSeduction class 8:30-9:30 at tonight n show off sum sexy!!
Bored is all. Enjoy yourself! :-)
When they snooze we up
FAQ#6: will the use of clipart in my papers improve my grade? A: in most cases, yes. however, this is contingent on my level of amusement
what yu on bro
Jan 21,2012: Advance Auto Parts Monster Jam: 2:00pm: Bradley Center.
"Lsd swag blame it on the drugs" -
Freakish. The first of the asparagus in the garden is about 2 days away from being ready to harvest. Three to four weeks early.
going to cover Tea for 200 in an hour, I'm really nervous now, cuz everyone's reminding me to be careful at that event
I'm not saying i'm not trying to be your friend. I just hate the choices you're making.
great! Keep up the good works.:-)
Good design leaves an enduring imprint, embraces the beholder and adds value to every interaction. - BIGMPG
Hangin' with Pata on Olvera Street...found some sales!!!
I gotta let my baby Jo move on with his life, that's gonna be hard. WHAT ABOUT WALLACE THAT'S HIS BABY
Glad to see gas tax. For us bus riders, makes suburbanites pouring into work on Monday pay their fair share
great which me good luck I have a jump rope presentation tomorrow my day would be better if you tweeted me plzz PLZZ REPLY
Urban Outfitter. Stocking up and taking inventory for a future National Championship. Outstanding job by Coach and his staff!!!
Jesus, I love you and I thank you for dying on the cross for me. Nothing I say or do will ever repay what youve done for me Happy Easter!!
“One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to do and always a clever thing to say.” Ariel Durant, born 5/10/1898.
What's up Bowie, TX!? Just passing through, no worries.
Thanks for mention! Hope you enjoyed the Q & A!
I bet you did better than you think! I'm not sure how I did... but I'll find out soon
Glad you liked it! RT was great! Our rolls were awesome & we had a great tuna pizza appetizer :)
This man got on a #swag chain o_o ;; no
Very sweet! Must make a dad very proud :-)
I don't know how to make anything.
it was last sunday :(
You too Nick!
. Your challenge is to develop a minimum core community which shares a common culture. From there, all things grow...
When you live six blocks from work, a #snowday is never an option
MirrorSleeves will be adding a new product line soon... hear it first on Twitter!
i know im praying for way too much.
What Matters for Staying on-track & graduating for #ELLs? 9th grade performance is a critical indicator and predictor for ELLs.
2 Falcons, it was only 2. And they won me games! Haha.
Trying to get my hands around the info included in the non-population U.S. Census schedules Ancestry.com has added. Images hard to read.
As mainstream sportswriter, I often contracted w/major magazines; never met editors in person. Just gotta be careful...
re: volunteering w/ PDMA there's interest. Can you contact them through the PDMA STL website and I'll also pass your info on.
Thought I was over the bridge now...
When do you ship out?
At the game tonight! Looking for the #sweep!
And in dating, it's not quantity that matters, it's reciprocation by someone who you want to reciprocate.:)
Thinkin boot ketchup chips, and for some reason, the game battle ship.
#makeitorbreakit season premiere!! :)
Replay of IU vs. Kentucky on #ESPNU right now. Nice!
No your limit when you drink
ok. Sorry just wondering lol. & GOOD.
Narcolepsy : What's the disease called when you sleep randomly? Necrophilia? Laziness? Old Age?
Seems like nothing good enough
uh-huh, and what are u doing?
click like on this status if your Christmas decorations are already put away!
LMAO i do miss you
As a good Alabama boy, I gotta resemble that remark...
Shattered video release at midnight tonight!!! Please retweet :)
These Low 11s
Congratulations to our team camp champions, Arapahoe Warriors! Runners-up Overland Trailblazers. Consolation Champs: Lewis-Palmer
Ugh i want me a damn snow cone soo bad
My only consolation is that these people will be nursing hangovers until Sunday.
Hahahahah lmao please stopppop it's better in person I swear! I just have to drive it for 2 yrs until I buy my own;) FWM
wish I was there
13 1/2 hour work day. Dizzy and nauseous now. Treating myself to a cab ride home instead of taking the subway. I deserve it
Thanks for the tip. We ordered wine. :)
Laptop study hall for seniors Tues. @ OCC Library 10 am. Learn Windows basics and Internet searches.
Reading the World Economic Forum's Global Risks report over coffee and , wishing I worked for the World Economic Forum .
Saw the Whiskey Sisters play a happy hour show at Continental Club last night. Consider me a new fan.
I look forward to coming home and working out now.
USC players been paid like pros for years...NO SURPRISE!
Brain Floss: The Greek word “ortho” means straight in english, thus, an orthodontist is a dentist who straightens teeth!
Win or lose, i know my Heat will bounce back. Good night
So tired. Have to work tomorrow... :( How are you? Did you have a good day at work?
Went for a supply run in anticipation of weekend guests. Came back with just liquor, beer and cheese.
feel better.
All I can say is Don't hate, Congratulate, maybe One day you can Participate.
Photo credit is at bottom of story. It was an LA Times photographer.
:Hey you!
Ordering dinner on #iPad fun when out. Being 100th person that day to touch screen - not fun.
Happy earth day everyone. Go out and plant a tree :)
About to be a good day with
wouldn't be surprised to see on shower registries..so many parents i know get them for "parenting help"
Hey, how'd that Aston Villa meeting go?
i dont know your name, i dont care about you
I tried to help but chattered, and then we all ran off depressed.
Follow me n da team
-The city would not enforce the snow law when I complained. You MUST change this Catania!
During the holiday season, we think it’s totally cool to eat two waffles in one sitting. In fact, it’s encouraged.
im out~~
it was great discussing #mentoring #advising & #informallearning at the CAEA event last night! These are such important topics.
Got the dvr set for the later showing. Too busy watching the #Packers right now. This was one of my fav shows with Billy & you.
Errbody and they mama work at trane
I'm excited to work the Susan G. Komen race tomorrow!
Well, my headphones blew and the cord ripped :( time to get me a 2nd pair of beats.
I love talent show tv
Sweet potato + microwave + 8 min = bingo
Anything will help. Thanks so much for taking the time to visit this page
M for lunch. Better than White Castle. Don't tell Melissa I said that.
Is that a real show? I think you can do a bit. It's begging for it.
Flying a baby helicopter after work is a good way to relieve stress
That's hilarious.
read analyses of it that liken the game to manifest destiny because technically the space for fair balls extends infinitely
Athens is fun
thanks M. Been riding 40 miles in an hour on a bike almost every day. Loving the fit life.
Too bad #Jeter can't pitch too.
I see a wine from the Elerding Vineyard on the menu, they're very good friends of mine! That carpaccio sounds divine.
you'll regret it before bed tonight
I've been alright. Wasting a lot of time. I need a job too. Hard to find.
So on my drive home I followed a truck full of what I can only figure to be deer skins. 1st thought, ewww. 2nd thought, jerky.
You been tweeting and DM ur fans.. but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!! ? I love youu<3,,
Sure! Tomorrow when more folks tuned in?
we love you guys! Rookie Moms Rocks!
nothing like a useless label. on my new badge: "Affiliation: Affiliate" ... just so you know i'm affiliated, i guess
yeah I just did, I'll let you know what's going on with that
just saw the Greeny Dance. Glad you had fun and didn't blow a knee doing that kneeling backbend.
Just got back from scrappin at RSKA!
Thanks for the intro Peter! NIce to meet you Brady! I'm right in the middle of Cap Hill. Should grab a beer sometime.
Not only consider it, I'd do it. Baltimore defense is beastly, Kolb is playing like a high school QB, Manningham has a chance
Yea i would be too! :)
#ThinkinBoutYou Good morning
I hate it when people on Facebook delete and than add me again -_-
The Twitter flirting between and is adorable.
Any smell something burning? Oh right my bad. it must be the midnight oil... Or maybe it's the wick at both ends.
have fun at prom bestfriend (: ill go with You ner year
sup G
Anyone watching this gorgeous sunset over downtown rva tonight?
thanks for following me. If you are a handler for Gov. Romney, thank you too.
June Plans: Every Saturday Morning -> Voice Lessons...Every Saturday Afternoon/Evening -> Studio....yep that sounds about right
Tomorrow for lunch, plan on coming to see us at Grazie! Noon-3PM, we've got 9.95 all you can eat for FL residents! (13.95 for non residents)
good luck at the next level Marcus. I'll be pulling for you.
Sunday is now and BreakfastQuest is why. I have no clue what that really means. But I could eat.
"Things do not change; we change." ~Henry David Thoreau
#np doin my job... under 25 staying alive is hard work
How's the knee? Get well soon
Talk about an intense manicure! These Brooklyn fashionistas have figured out how to bring the runway to their fingertips!...
Kevin leave those brooms I got a feeling they not needed today.
yes! I am in the airport in florida right now! :)
Getting a workout at the hotel gym! :)
Watching the news :/
She's pretty awesome - what a funny & engaging 5min :) RT : I love ! She's SO AWESOME.
Keep cool with a #bucks4bunks fan and support our cause. Stop by our booth right outside the Pig Racing Arena and get your own.
#entertainment Easter egg hunting with my boys. Candies ever more!
After planning the company holiday party, I realize I could never be an event planner (my orig career plan)
Just like me back. Fuck.! Is that to much to ask.?
Pretty ok with these monthly hangs in SF with
Long day at SixFlags! So much fun, now It's time to sleep. 9-5 rehearsal in the morning ugh!
ATTENTION RUSHERS DON'T BUY anything! MAKE IT yourself!They said so themselves...
looking forward to tonight's interview.
Celebrating easter with the family and
Just spent $1,230 at Costco on candy supplies for Sunday. I know what you're thinking. Don't worry, I'll be making another run Saturday.
Oh Yeah, so many of these.
I love how #DowntonAbbey depicts the first wave of #feminism. Most people think the women's rights movt. evolved in the 1960's. No so.
thanks! I'm glad you enjoyed it!
never:) you can't get rid of me. EVER.
Snoring boyfriend... love him but I want to plug his nose
I bet I miss you more lol
- PLAYING tonight
Hi Rock Star. You were perfect on #Grimm. Did u have to audition with that scene? DAY-UM! Nice work. :)
you know ill take you to another world EEEEEEHHHVERY DAY IN EEEEEHVERY WAY OH
Do you have a Go Local card yet? If not your missing out on great deals and great local businesses!
wow a blog post about your epic bingo night. Did you read too ?
Wynkoop Catalyst Ale at while I sketch out a schedule of diss writing this summer.
Was that Shaq leaving thing supposed to be funny?
im blessed <3
Hey Scott DM us the size you need and we can get you a new one in the mail Tuesday. Can you drop the other in the mail?
If I ever got famous I would still be a hardcore hooligan!!!! #Hooligan4Life !!
I bet Groundhog Day is every weatherman's favorite movie. Yes, there's a movie called The Weatherman, but Groundhog Day is just way better.
Check out the weeklong Bid-A-Thon to benefit Dane Buy Local! The online auction is open until 9/30: www.facebook.com/#!/DaneExclusiveDeals
Most relationships are like Rick Ross, They don't work out.
Chilling at my dads
Happy Birthday! You are so lucky to have so many parties!
Ah, that's how that works.
can we get on the mixtape?
My grandparents are coming from #DR This weekend the whole famz is coming to the house,should be a nice weekend.
I'm so sad! My dog died this morning! ):
Lina , why are you so pretty ? :O ♥
The elevator to success is out of order. You'll have to use the stairs...one step at a time - Joe Girard
Man you Heat fans weak and foul ass fuck .... Y'all make poking fun at y'all suck ass team boring ...
I don't understand why someone would put butter on a stick, fry it and eat it...willingly and in public.
those things get HOT. I'll be honest I think that thing creates more heat than everything in my studio
do feel awkward taliking since i am younger than you ??
Absolutely, I would love to come back next fall for another COPE retreat!
alright I'll do that! I'm a bit nervous to delete this account so it might take a bit to come to my senses! Haha
Ew. You are gross
great day for a game especially in Oxford!
i've never seen gone with the wind :( but I think I should watch it ;)
It’s easy to believe someone when they’re telling you exactly what you want to hear.
Tutorials, photoshop and more - How To Find A Reliable Web ...
u know I take that as a compliment right? Lol so thanks(:
Thanks for coming by and saying hello! It was great to meet you. I look forward to your tweets.
I love these cherry donuts.. m yummy!
10,000 chickens! RT : I'm having a party, I need to get me some chickens. I need a lot of chickens.
CTFU  ! she was like are u all ottah your fucking minds and the tire smashed ha into pieces ... don't mean to laugh but that was funny
starting tomorrow; working out everyday and dropping all junk food!
#IWishYouKnew that i still love you...
possibility rocks RT : The ground state at the core of your being is also the ground of the universe, both are pure possibility
You are adorable here and in other forms.
How about that?! We broke the temp record in Portland says on 87 degrees. Old record 86.
That's some hot cheese
Thanks for following!
thanks brothha. im gonna give it some time & it all should work out well
Im gone really make her feel special once I get situated n da army later
: So true, now if only I can find her!
man i pulled out my heart 101 shirt n burst out laughin...were u there that night wen tt was she wants the dick?
My first children's book is illustrated and complete!
Did you switch to Time Warner? :)
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
i know who you are!
you just have to let him get comfortable soon all he'll want is your attention
I have been so down lately, trying so hard to be positive.
Holy wind tunnel downtown. I might blow over walking 💨💨
Can someone explain to me what she got out of that?
": You callin me races?" Sorry I know you only discriminate against PT Cruiser drivers
Everyone needs to believe in something. I believe I'll have another beer.
I'm still awaiting a response...!
That awkward moment when you remember something but you don't know if it was real or just a dream.
