Bet Fam, its trash you gotta battle against the Midwest, I don't like to see that, but it is what it is. I want hear mad Barzzzzz.
That first webbie album was a
if it's pizza or nachos, then the answer is always yes
Finally took a moment to see all involved with the Beatles show this weekend. Then I took a moment to get a ticket.
Anyone with thin hair is going to be psyched about the Invati line from out Jan. Lots of data on turmeric triggering hair growth.
wish you were here to "sing with me how great is our God? And all will sing how great, how great is our God?!"
Watching #Misfits. Super hoodie is fucking awesome -Big T
Me: "all a kitchen needs is..." Bryce: you
I want One Shining Moment to end with Anthony Davis' unibrow being waxed.
damn Florida get it together......sheesh!
#StayStrong everyone loves you. I hope you get to live your life to the fullest. Don't let anyone put you down. Stay strong!
NICE!!! lifetime ban on the first offense is needed. the only way they think before they dope
wrapping up a two-day location record with Giant Ideas
Doug the single dad from Seattle looks promising. Note: not the single dad from Oregon.
Who's ready for happy hour?!
then tell justin 2 follow me
Thanks for the follow -- my life just got partified!
Will Ferrell is getting old, but getting funnier.
Dj's Want the Service pack to: Swag In My Snap #SwaginmySnap ?? Send ya EMAIL NOW!
": "MOM COME HERE IT'S IMPORTANT!" "What?" "Can you turn my light off?" Lmao this is so me xD
Follow me
i love the new christmas song!!! <3
Inge boo birds in full force at Comerica
ALMOST TIME FOR SOME NFL FOOTBALL!!!!!!
He being lazy again 
yes, robots.
Next up....EP13s, #11. [Silent video.] Americans waste 25% of our food. So...the Food Recovery Network. Less Waste. Less Hunger.
Yes, couchsurfing is definitely an adventure and I'm so with you on the falls. I have war wounds falls here in JA.
ah thanks! Was going to google that to find out.
yup. See u there. I got the coupon. :)
It can be.
I make my dreams become reality, so....HA! :D
Just put on the comfiest clothes I own, a pair of slippers, put on Princess Diaries and sitting down with a bowl of Cheeries
Ladies Day at Slaughters Christian Church - fellowship wonderful. Bro. Bill Adcock's message on Turning Points was inspiring.
although the only thing i wished that didnt blew up was my right ear lol its all good though :)
On behalf of We'd like to thank #NFL players & for their support.
#oomf Twitcons look like my dad I was about to say , yo when you get out ....
We are getting excited for March 25th.
it's critical!
One more test tweet - Will it appear on our Facebook page?
Oh my god, I don't even remember that.
my brother is trying to convince me you will never reply I believe him. you never will
When my little sister has my phone and likes the most random people's pictures on instagram....
haha omg I'm so stupid! XD I could've googled it!!
This Mother's Day we'll be honoring the motherhood of the 73% of New York’s incarcerated women who are parents. Do you know a mom in prison?
In Aurora getting hair product for my wife. I get asked if I do sew ins!! Seriously, this girl wanted to know if I did weaves!!!
"Conscience is the price we pay for thinking" - Avram Ohm
probably not. We'll see Barney's bride though... It's totally Robin
I hurt all over... Sheer exhaustion-bed time already
Inch Gauge | Alternative Energy
Tomorrow my last day.>
I hate sleepless nights, my brain needs to give it a rest. I hope the sandman visits & hits me over the head with a giant bottle of NyQuil
Who else is headed to Women 2.0 Found Friday?
I'm honored to share my birthday with a beautiful little girl who I miss very much. Happy Birthday, Camryn! Love you!! ❤🎉🎂🎁🌷
#1DOhio they're coming in 2013, but we want them NOW!
cause I'm in Dallas
Best looking jersey in all of sports :)
Just wrapped up playing photographer at my first photo shoot with and
Happy birthday to me. :D
aw thanks! (blushing)
What a child doesn’t receive he can seldom later give. ~ P.D. James-
thanx for following me!
and that is?
waiting for richard .-.
Message tones. Email notifications. And phone calls. What do your sounds say about you?
note to self: stop reading newspapers and start reading Astella Action news to learn about Coney Island.
Yay its draft day!!!!!
If anyone wants to sell me an iPhone 3GS let me know
bruh who are these niggas tryin to live like?! how u not make 25 mil last at LEAST a decade
It's Saturday, so you're probably out partying, but make sure to set your TiVo's to record Radiohead on SNL tonight!
Happy Birthday to Nolan Yonkman, Hope you have a great day.
Where can I get one of those shirts, Mr. Kojima? :)
They played Shadow Days this morning on in San Francisco.
Good night
that one was my favorite, too.
So today's watch was Jim Jarmusch's first "real" feature PERMANENT VACATION; the vision was there, if not quite the maturity. Still cool.
A Knoxville expat living in MKE is asking if anyone here sells steamed sandwiches like they make back home. Anyone seen them here? Anyone?
Okay, your cool if you are secretly sub tweeting me!
like clock work lmao!
I don't need an Alarm Clock. I have a Cat.
Live with Passion!! What are You going to do for FUN today?
To all our European friends.. Good morning!
What do you call your sandwich? Hoagie? Sub? Grinder? Wedge? Or just a sandwich?
Be still & know that You are in the hands of the LIVING, LOVING God!
you guys are incredible too! Seriously can't wait to book something with you guys!
See you there.
oh god... that should be fun to see
awesome lol i like just woke up
Damn you Jessica Simpson and your cute shoes!!!
so t whom ever is using my photos on twitter knck it the fuck off i never use my photos on twiter if this keeps up im deltting my twiter
Swop to northwestern
tap twice pause, tap three times pause, tap once pause then tap twice
☆ "First, open your mind to someone, then open your heart." ☆
you use ground coffee at home?
#OneLongDay meeting and greeting @ the #ActionOnFilm festival! Find us and say hello!
Follow us on Twitter
Tell yor mom 4 me 2 :)) RT : Tell your mommy I said Happy Mother's Day <333
There's just one word to describe the band Chicago, and that word is "groovy."
we are so excited that adults are getting signed up to be paired with students as mentors who attended this w/e's conference! God is moving
from time to time more like a news bedlam
Fuuuuuuuuck San Gennaro got Flamingo packed.
Nice. Top 2,012 songs in 21 yr history of for the next wk or so. I love Cbus's independent and locally owned radio.
based on our last convo, I think we could easily go for 3 hours. cc:
Good q. RT : I'm curious as to what breakdown used to assert "young men" dominate financial journalism blogging.
back right on top of the castle for the last dance = MVP
Fall in love with someone who deserves your heart. Not someone who plays with it.
I just seen that Will Smith video & I dont know what was more gayer, the dude trying to kiss him or Will's responding slap
Tornado warning in effect. Hurricane CATrina has officially arrived. Go Big Blue!
1989: I do remembeer your name! are you from younow?
well its gon be a good day for them
Way to go! RT : Ready to start building some great work for Help us welcome another new client,
Jack is this You???
Thanks for the RT John, have a great evening!
Today in 1992 the #Brewers (still in the AL) had 31 hits against the #BlueJays and crushed them 22-2.
Some of u girls in twitter are fucking triffling speankin for all my dudes who know...ur fucking gross #watchyatweets nigggaaa
N.E.R.D - Lapdance
My body needs the sun bad! ☀
buh then I can't listen to Kirko :/
Diversity typically framed as a challenge, but it should be viewed as a learning opportunity.
Love it! That's the best thing ever!
sounds familiar. Thats a smog right?
Peter Vance is a fucking faggot. I mean that is the most derogatory way possible towards him, and the least possible way towards gay people.
Long day! Headed to Mavs vs Kings game. Need a W!!!
Having life time muffins would be awesome
The weather word is NOT sultry! Be serious. You reading that "50 Shades of Grey" too?
Greatestt newss ever!!!! I get to go to Falling In Reverses concert Jan. 25 <3:)
Just leavin 100.7 in milwaukee with interview with for and
Shout out to all the hottie mommies at the mall
Had an awesome social meetup today!
My Singer Doe:D <33 GOOD MORNING Batoul! its 6:40am rite now. Shout out to my Home Girl. F.H.O.D = Follow Her Or Die.
Look outside...IT'S PING PONG WEATHER! What a nice day to close your Chase account and get a free meal to eat in our patio!
you should always feel special when you're as beautiful as you are <3
Atl this weekend.....its gonna be epic
We hope everyone has a great Q4! "Things turn out best for people who make the best of the way things turn out." -John Wooden
This is gonna be a good year!
He makes me smile :]]]] i'll keep him <3
hey! Thats Whassup. What u gonna do?
What am I getting myself into...
watch'n A QUILLS sing 'tress' by rush on rockband... is the highlight of my day.
pretty sure that's the whole reason i was creeped out
everything would look gud on me#fine lmao
The difference between a successful person & others is not a lack of strength or lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will
In the theater for midnight showing of the Muppets. No 3D glasses. Shoulda brought my boomerang fish.
I applaud your effort. Work was legit, dealt all the games on day one.
Ready for this duke and north carolina game!!!
Family dressing in orange to raise awareness - The Maitland Mercury
Man's inhumanity to traffic laws.
how ever much you leftt
Hi Fresh Nest!!
Those pizza look amazing!!
That was really scary
only an hour?!!
Wow Lions got screwed!!
u right
Did we do something worng?
loved you on WWHL w Andy ! You were Brilliant in "So Help Me My God" and "The Women" When you gettin back in the boards?
life is crazy right?
they're cool. Haha. As long as they aren't poisonous
. That is, where there can be leverage, conditions, and rationale for GF rev$ increases.
GM Can't have one without the other. Have a Happy Monday :-)
great win today! You guys did packer nation proud!
No problem! Lots of awesome new improvements to collaboration (private & public), sharing, navigation, etc. I hope you like it!
it didn't break the steering wheel locked up that's all. Hahahahaha!
At the visual pedagogy panel at #INCS - S Lennox's paper on Mme Tussaud's wax effigies -touch as pedagogy- a "supplement to written history"
if only BDawk were still around...
whatt?! our homie kreayshawn is gonna be there! :D
Actually loved the ad! Words with friends was pretty awesome
In our society, people do not know how to take constructive criticism. People also do not know how to give constructive criticism.
Man. I will deffinatly be going to get myself a cheerwine float from cookout after this. Then working on my school essay. Grr.Music is har.
we're talking hockey B's v Caps - prez v prez! Game 7 U'r a stoolie!
just talked to him tonight. They're headed to Terrell for some culture and entertainment & I don't mean Wal Mart.
Mark Bittman at Isthmus green day explains why he's wearing a suit: "Madison is the last bastion of progressivism and deserves respect."
Some people just prefer to send cash through the mail. I'm just glad it reached me :)
get out of MY relationship!
He's on my mind.
I love that Bill Nye had Carl Sagan for college astro
come back to Saint Louis already, mang!
I've been sleeping literally ALL damn day smh!!!
(Guess what?) You'll be mine (Mine) Hello Hello Hello(You'll be mine shawty) (Ayee, Mine)Hello Hello Hello(You'll be mine)
Funny funny ha ha!!!
. great show @ blue bear benefit the other night. the jam w/kids was really fun. bring trigger hippy to !
you don't need an expertise, just need connections!
it's frustrating when good players leave. Bummer
gonna do the duggie and call all my friends bc followed meh oh my Bieber so happy
So true! RT "One of the best protections against disappointment is to have a lot going on."
This will be our final week of Karaoke in Bellevue's Nomu Lounge... come in this Thursday evening to sing farewell!!!
GUYS! I just had a thought. Davy Jones died on a leap day so we can only have a yearly retrospective every fourth year.
It is important to magnetize your mind and engage our heart in worthy goals that you can get exited about achieving.
Helping a friend in need, no matter the time or effort, to the best of your ability, ...means loyalty
Enjoyed this! Very informative
Sitting in on the first #jenclass summer edition
2)No vengeance wanted But aren't "accidents" usually unpreventable? Has #Texas #Gun Culture made use of "accident" too easy re: gun deaths
Dad put a link out saying that Susan Stapleton is the new president at Western Michigan University.
I was Choking On Soda! Omfg.
I'll give it to you tomorrow after I get out school.
Just finished your book"Do You". It was so amazing. I'm really activating what I learned and incorporating it into everyday life.
I'm gonna skinny dip in the ocean real soon.
“: I wonder if I died would tears come to her eyes , forgive me for my disrespect forgive me for my lies ...” hip!
Not sure if you are aware during the commercial breaks your mic is open, can here your entire conversation...
Mobile and tech games are all well and good, but how about Battleship?! People love board games.
started with season 1! Got 3 episodes down hallelujah for streaming Netflix
haha that or Elton John and a California Raisin claymation.
pandora stopped working. Ef
Adrian Fenty delivering keynote at summit!
Well, I haven't left my room in three days, so you know where to find me!
Guessing hoping to throw a congrats party for Cotto?
the myth of east coast baseball is stretching pretty far if it has to claim TX as the fmr Washington senators.
I will say that has some serious burger skills. Cc
Girls who post #Nudes and complain that guys are creeps crack me up.
Sunday fun days are the best!! Glad to see u!!
Didn't expect to find so many ppl on here who are fans. I'm Honored If anyone would like an autographed Picture DM me your address.
My challenge is end-users mostly familiar with modern boundaries, searching records coded with ancient parishes/counties.
lol plan b is right. I haven't talked to you in forever. Where have you been???
Thank you Catey! Hope you and Jay are doing well! xoxo
wats up foxy
yea i 4got about the wafflehouse
People say you don't know what you have until it's gone...truth is, you knew what you had, you just thought you'd never lose it.
The Adamouski international art competition for all emerging and professional artists is soon to be launched, stay tuned!
“: Who can tell me where the dog with no legs is? (Answer correctly for a shout out!) hehe ;-p” right where you left him. Lol
Thanks to for sponsoring #SMBFW. We appreciate the bacon!
#Saints #49ers - Best game I've seen in a long long time. Unreal! Something tells me Tebow will do something interesting tonight.
Just ate...now its time for a nap
This just in .... would look VERY HOT in new #Terps uniform .... then again, she'd be HOT in a burlap sack ....
The Bermuda Triangle can get lost in s beard.
No commitments have been made to host midwestUX in other cities. We've had interest and want to explore and discuss options.
#BieberQuote: Interviewer: what is love? justin: uh.. have you ever had a dog? hahaha oh justin (: silly
23 more week school days till summer vacation! (:
Follow back?
Four hour nap. #bestpartofvacation?
With Eyes Open And Ears Tuned We Engage In Creative Action.
It's a fine day to be alive in #Milwaukee. Go #Brewers!
Driving to work today (sorry Jim, environment) and southbound LSD is at a crawl.
#Knicks showing some tenacious d in Dallas
When I'm biking and I pass a cute girl I casually take off one hand because, duh, I look way cooler biking with one hand
😞 just left the city to go to Baltimore....
Go to fatsickandnearlydead.com time to change our lives.....
It is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich. -Henry Ward Beecher
thanks for visiting....happy birthday to your brother
I love me sum she always has gr8 tweets... and she's beautiful also!?
I got little sisters that I have to take to toys r us at least twice a week untill we fill up the basket.....we leave
I'm told it was "Beat The Hawks". Not sure the #Redsox could beat them either.
Everyone keeps saying your gay .... Is that true
U Gone Wish U Did Right...
If you are still having issues with your browser please contact our customer support: thx!
rt this if you love sarah<33
I'm gonna go to Cali in the winter & try to tan.Haha imagine how many horrified looks I'll get.Yea well my winter consists of 0 deg. weather
Tess just said "oh narts"..what does that even mean&where did she come up with that?
Edmond = slow moving trains. Every. Time.
Two thousand dollars for ice? I can get an Eskimo for two hundred dollars and make my own ice. ~ Horse Feathers
Thank you! <3
Whew...long day! Glad that dude is finally sleep...he was bouncing off da walls. Still love him though.
Get better. <33
Hey liam<3 follow me?:)
.WARPED TOUR PLEASE? DETROIT! only reason i will go so go! <3
Any haikus you want to send our way?
removing Kony is a noble goal, but underlying probs also have to be solved or he'll just be replaced by a new thug.
Should teachers and students be Facebook friends? - San Jose Mercury News
Pete must be beside himself -- BonIver!
#10ThingsThatILike making simple, easy choices to be eco-friendly
Coming up only on 8 - a homeowner pulls out a gun to stop some burglary suspects. The details on at 11.
#Aquarius MB guy of the day: Roc
I agree (:
awesome cute, you are blessed, nice blog as well. I've spent the last 2 years building something really special for networkers.
My dads ringtone is tryin to catch me ridin dirty hahaha
It sucks that my parents won't let me pay for 's fan club
ugh waiting till i get home to see him, sucks! gah!
Seems simple enough. Depending on how big your cups are.
Getting my hair cut today and will finally have time to do some Haus work!
:*** TOMORROW U KNOW
Bye bye Bulls...
a great song woulld have to be sterio love
Oh haha ya that always helps :))
Patriots vs Giants! 2007 rematch! Superbowl!
thanks for following, Ronnie! Follow-back done and done.
yo tech I was right next to that girl an dude at the vegas show that bitch was tripin stupid
as max with the dog :)
have ooddllleesss of fun, love!!
we will do any number of discs, guarantee the cheapest price and fastest turnaround. visit us at datadisc.com and get a quote!
listening to Mark Levin's audio book "Ameritopia" on the way to work.. Just got to the chapter on Alexis de Tocqueville - and wow!
I.LOVE.COLLEGE.
thank you brother! PLAY harder! This isht is FUN!
"Complexity does not equal value"
The most blatant lie known to humanity: "I have read and agreed to the terms of service"
Notes from my Kindle: 's Hard to Say is followed by a book called: Her Husband's Harlot. 'Tis good, dirty company to keep.
trying to get u me and tommy together for a practice
so follow me
What will you do tonight after dinner is made and kids/pets are happy? Make yourself warm & happy with some healthy tea!...
Austin is almost taking off his braces :'( Ladies if you think he's sexy now imagine when he takes em off *.*
Yes, I promise I will do plenty of Victoria for all the #victorians tomorrow ^.^!
The sun is always shining somewhere; <3
Good morning Austin....
Learning about board member fundraising from Chris Sommerich and Derrick Feldman- great session and presenters.
that works too hahaha
Responded to FIRE @ 115-43 219th St, Queens, NY 11411. Red Cross auto update.
Speaks volumes about the guy if he's willing to protest plus has an outstanding bill at the restaurant
Omg i love
This bitch is annoying!
how about a re-tweet and a follow for America's largest entirely student run financial institution.
eeeeep! I can't wait ! Let me know when !!!
clothe me... its getting cold out
Going over my student loans, Clown College seemed like a no brainer... but after 9/11 clowning wasn't the cash cow it used to be...
I got another puppy today! :)
lol jokes on you
You shouldn't fight a battle if there's nothing to win.
Oh goody my moms talking shit about me on the phone to who knows. Okay. Great.
Dance rehearsals !!! Because now Ive been asked to preform for a special event !!!! Awsome !
Why doesn't our gov borrow the equipment from other countries to handle the Golf oil spill.
The day everybody believed! Happy Easter!
Great to hear! Great parents make great kids :)
I LOVE YOU TOO (:
I just txted you
u speak the truth. I mean who the f would wnna have 4 wives at the sm time?!?!?!??!
RT : The Productive Scholar: Today at noon in Princeton's Whig Hall: Lecture Capture Apps with Angel Brady. Please come!
when a group of guys make it well known that they're checking you out..that shit is awkward
2 weeks left to collect UW student sigs. Meet at 11:30 or 1:30 in front of the Madison Fresh Market on University and Lake St.
What store around here has the pineapple white owls??
space mountain!
You don't "train" leaders you "develop" them - a subtle yet important distinction lost on many.
no it's not. Tell Marla to get out of the bottom one I'm afraid it might fall on her :/
I Feel Like Slapping Everyone Around Me!
When we start our archivist rock band, I will just start screaming random phrases like ARCHIVAL IMPERATIVE
It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving. - Mother Teresa
THAT made me laugh... laughter is good to soothe my soul.
can i please get to 300 followers before midnight 2 hours hit RT
Drinks tonight to celebrate the day of my birth! Who's joining me??
you are awesome!! blind start sprint are the best :)
yes! will DM you!
God damn it. I get it already!!!! Jezz!!! RT : New study shows single people die younger than married people.
Following for updates on #rosander hearing.
Caucus Experience: Awesome! I won my first campaign...I was elected as a Precinct GOP Delegate and Precinct GOP Secretary!
going to head to little 5 tonight. Going to the porter. You guys should join
Pretty sure this bus just never showed up. I guess #metro drivers play warm weather hooky too.
M&A Tip of the Day-Make sure your financials are in order. When it's time to sell you will be thankful & your business will be worth more.
Happy May! 3 days till NYC :)
Guys it's May. And May means Bamboozle. And Bamboozle means it's the best time of the year.
R.I.P. The Clubhouse in Tempe. :( You will be missed.
M, LOL am looking to get out early today, a very long week
I've put `<remote-ip> <app>.dev` into a hosts file and accessed a pow app that way. I run IE tests on a VM that way.
follow come see them April 15th at the Harley Museum Milwaukee's WingFest
Thoughts and prayers go out to comedian Patrice O'Neal + his family. Get well soon.
I'm not ashamed to admit I'm an ass guy. #SoFatINeedaLapDance 😁
It doesn't matter where u r n ur Life, it's INEVITABLE that u'll encounter unconditional #Love... WhatchuGonDo when it comes for YOU????
Yes! The G8: "human rights & fundamental freedoms.. birthright of all individuals.. including gay, bisexual or transgender individuals"
I want a baby #Tortoise :)
I can no longer deal with people who can't park in the lines.
Build your audience. The most valuable thing you will have in business is your list! -
finishing re-reading my #screenplay for my submission! Feels so good to enter a competition!
Party at my crib!
They are used to plug bullet holes.
O, a snow "storm". At least that is what news called it. Only 32 inches less than last years storm!
Twitter and Facebook are allowing us to find out things before news breaks, earthquakes hit etc - how do you leverage that?
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 11
Yeah aren't you a great friend ...
Don't forget to sign up for ISC East before October 2 for "Early-Bird" pricing. And when you get there, say hello to the SS&Si Team Members.
Maybe cause it gots all our guys in one?!?!?!?
Whose dog walked around the neighborhood today?
#shitfangirlssay i love them more then you. So stfu.
I care!! Lol I get embarrassed looking so rough!
LORD HAVE MERCY ON US ALL
For those of you who don't vote for a catholic or christian president: it's called freedom of religion!
Life is like a ten speed bicycle. Most of us have gears we never use. ~ Charles M. Schulz
send your music link to,
Idk man I just really love and miss seeing and they have a show the day after my birthday but its all the way in PA :..(
Love it, thanks!
Butting in: I didn't think he wrote Underneath and Kickin' In either. Right? I thought I saw the list of the writers...
To next psychiatrist: "Do you want me to drink myself to death and strangle you first? Then pull out the little pad and write the scripts."
Ideally, you can use Hart as trade bait for young shortstop (Mets, Phils, Marlins, among others). Gamel in mix at first.
‘Carrie’ Remake Lead Actresses Shortlist; Director Confirmed via
bad recollection on my part...knew u'd have the answer. Enjoy the media questions on pace, the bs has started already
And, I see that still remains true. I'd also like to add that you resemble a poor-man's Peter Jackson.
“: Walmart has championship belts on sale by all the packer stuff lol”oops. Buy me one
OMG, the season finale of the Vampire Diaries!? Not sure how I feel about it yet :/
#callPETA and order a bucket of #KFC continue the
they dont hold real niggaz back forever
: Big sale on Cressey and I's new Functional Stability Training for the Core product ends tonig ...
Thanks everyone for your support!! I'm going to eat a ton of food now :)
Yup, still here. Couple more weeks and then a small break before I return again.
I don't have any nice sneakers, aside from my Adidas Millenium Falcons.
I love her name...what a cool name
It's great that everyone everywhere is doing CLYBOURNE PARK. On the other hand, does everyone everywhere have to do CLYBOURNE PARK?!
Goin to the movies . :)
Why do we need an excuse? In the '93 diary there's a table ranking boys: "Two-Faced-eness" is a variable. We should do this.
Happy Saturday! Its warmer, the snow is melting and we are open until 4PM!
That'd be interesting if Room Raiders came to my room!
shiittt :( how did he die? thats well awful
my pic is not made for twitter...im an egg...:-)
Kaitlin Clinnin's calling for more holistic understanding of digi-real embodiment
Headed to see my probation officer...50 Cent's "In The Club" is playin on the radio..REMEMBER WHEN THIS SHIT CAME ON IN THE CLUB?! KKRAAZY!!
Today's just a shitty day.
to know me is to to know I'm always late with everything
George Zimmerman who killed Trayvon Martin after stalking & forcing him to react inorder to use deadly force is now seeking online donations
Man if u follow me I will follow u back
Another vegan actress! We need to start a club. :)
wtf is wrong with Avon?
Might as well stay home if you are voting third party.
Very excited for two great shows next week! Dec 1: Love of Everything w/ Max Dvorak! Dec 2: , , Now Now, & !
Huge difference! IMAX has explosive sound quality.
If anyone's college would like to have us play, let us know!
"my boobs will hear about this"
At Persons of Interest in Brooklyn. Love this barber shop.
In September, a tractor-trailer crashed near Terre Haute, Ind., and precipitated a traffic jam when the cargo caught fire. The truck was...
What it do
totally wants to be that guy. I can picture him dancing in that jacket. :)
i <3 what kids say! "i'm allergic to dogs & cats." as he walks away, "that's when i had the asthma." - kindergartener
Go b's Ovechkin is ruthless, Flatten em Chara!
where you working at in tha ville?
Dance for me one time dance for me two times clap that ass 4 times as fast make me smile
your sermon really left me feeling convicted and completely spoke to my heart :)
use the tub.
I hope 2 play a role in helping u do so! This yr it's a really good team & a state-of-the-art facility.Hope 2 c u @ the ballpark.
every min we spent together was the best for me.I loved you so much and still do:( </3
Work partay tonight! I might get there right at the start so I can wander around emp before the fashionably late show up.
what kind of motorcycle do you own? Which is your favorite bike?
I'm just a small part of , but I'll help you out however I can ;).
They were the fox game too. ENJOY BEING THE RED SOX
Opening day! Time to get money come in and visit
Good morning. great tunes on your youtube page.
dont say that al sharpton will get u
when is the beta coming? I'm ready for some podcasts on the go.
Today's the day! Last day to register with the Early Bird rate don't miss out!
ed class 2day. :(
Premium support is a polite term for a coupon that loses value over time. The #Ryan #Medicare plan spells insolvency for seniors.
yeah! :D
happy mothers day baby. ;)
It's "Bobby" DeNiro. ;)
its just not the same :(
ya know, i'd be lying if i said i didn't want the same thing ;)
Business Networking with a heart service. #Others1st enjoying Tammy Mutter's presentation.
some one DM me(:
I just saw a bird hit the window in mcdonalds right beside my head .... not gonna lie it was pretty funny
lmao hit that bike!
Where will UNM's Darington Hobson go in this Thursday's NBA Draft?
Who's Your FAVORITE CATER?
That's it! Police salute... #MardiGras over!
#WIFYR morning session is over; wow, we covered a lot about contracts and business. and a little about world-building. All good!
rock on!
Game 7 Heaven is Wednesday Night! Cheering loud and proud for the Bruins #BeacuseItsTheCup !!
We lived catering lunch to the #gothicon attendees today. Stop by soon for more good eats!
Thanks for following, Debra. I have sent you a direct message, okay?
yep that was me
hey stop pretending to be on CSI Miami. You weren't even on The press release.
Ima be posted up chilling all weekend. No Kam. Thank u
If people are made for each other's fate, then how could they not left, still destiny will bring them together ...
We're making a SPOOKTACULAR HALLOWEEN table display right now! O!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If my last tweet sounded dorky, you just haven't recognized how inherently cool press conferences are. Getta ask questions and stuff = cool
And they do this daily?
lololol welcome to my tweetin party party party
hopefully no more waiting :(
If you press me to say why I loved him, I can say no more than because he was he, and I was I
SAY WHAT?!
So ready for the month of may! It's by far my favorite month of the year!
Occupy Atlanta
I have faith in your abilities.
I won.
Eternal sunshine for the spotless minds
favorite player to watch growing up? Penny Hardaway?
Out of the 11 million players you are the first case of virtual indecency
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 20
It's BIKE MONTH, OUR 4th BIRTHDAY, and a GORGEOUS DAY! Triple threat! Stop by and see us, y'hear!
If you don't like butter, you have no soul. Make reservations for tomorrow's Bacon Butter & Bourbon at 694 Wine & Spirits. (312) 492-6620
I wore shorts on a rainy day:'(
older players have to scratch their heads when last place is close to what then won. Just would like love of game
I do not understand either. I guess the ask for too much of her and the get disappointed everytime
Words cannot express how happy I am :)
signed w/ the Lions
I could go for some morning sex and a blunt.oh yeah and some fruit snacks
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
no invite for badly festivities?
Oh SAD!!! RIP Maurice Sendak, “Please don't go. We'll eat you up. We love you so.” ― Maurice Sendak, Where the Wild Things Are
Is in love with
I'm not allowed to bet, but if I could, I'd bet on you.
Well it's gonna suck tonight sittin in the stands almost my whole track meet...I can barely do any of my events 👎
Thanks, I'm really happy with how this came out. Nice job !!!
Spending my day off rustin in Tustin. That's what I get for putting off car repairs for so long.
Q1 Be confident. Dress the part. Take on added responsibilities. Don't always run to other staff to handle patron conflicts.
You can now get vagina at Barnes & Noble. Wait, "nook" is slang for vagina right?
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Breath Remedy Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
A Crossed Arms pose is a well known defensive posture that attempts to protect oneself. It is unsure, insecure, non-alpha. It's stupid bad
You a basic ass, simple ass, dumb ass skank hoe if you believe STD means 'Suck this dick' ...hoes these days getting dumber by the minute
I hate it that NARAS/ LA hosts the Grammys in music capital of world and we do not get to see it live on TV
How's your desk look today? We went looking for the messiest desks in the Twin Cities. See what the clutter says about us tonight at 10.
Lawrence Branch, 55, had been fighting with his son, Joshua, 31, about a swamp cooler, in Farmington. And then he shot his son in the thigh.
Romney compared to an Etch A Sketch, stock soars 300%. I just bought 2000 shares of Silly Putty. Now waiting for the comparison to Gingrich.
got to spend time with Jim & the brains behind Firecrest! 40+ person Tri camp loved wheel tech.
You shouldn't blame it on the sunshine, or on the moonlight, or on the good times. You should just blame it on the Boogie!
Life is overrated but it gets better as you go. (:
I think i'm about to jog the rest of the way home.
it's okay...happens to the best of us.
Mine is still in the box.
We can't wait to welcome you! See you soon!
New Futurama in June? Fuck and yes.
Dreaming isn't like fishing. You can't sit there n wait for a bite. Its like catching butterflys. You have to chase it
90% of all the oceans' large fish have already been removed from the seas. #odd facts
You keep saying you want your knight in shining armour and you keep looking so hard for him, when in reality he's been here the whole time
Me me me ;) RT : I'm thinking a-state for college. Roommate anyone?
Did Jay Buhner just refer to a flare basehit as a "duck snort"?
Up on time finally set my alarm right!!!
To me, people live at intersections with various differnent in-routes, exits. Art lives there too + can also come and go.
it's kinda funny when guys act gay with their friends but if you start saying "i'ma rape you, foo!"....that's kinda creppy.
Just got out of skool:)
doesn't even relize that a simple "hey, hi or hello" would make my life! <33333.
well hello Twitter... how I've missed you today!
Hilarious: just previewed a scenario by which wins Michigan...
Kauffman panel started with bit of an embarrassing display of wet kisses from the libertarian moderator to the 2 libtns on the panel (of 4)>
Everytime you hit her from the back, make sure that she hears nothing but gun sounds #BANGBANGBANG!
What are the probabilities that the #unbundledu predictions actually come true?
I'm weak at this nigga with these purple shoes on #XFactor smh
damn it, I forgot about that session.
"Every day is a gift - even if it sucks." Sherry Hochman
I love ridin the bike wit my popz so relaxin
Roses are red, violets are blue, i'm not good at poems.... Nice butt.
not as much as they like their bottoms to be.
I agree.
Love love love that Matt Bomer is on #Glee tonight.
This rain <<
Is It Jus Me Or Do All Old Ppl Be Mean As Fuck Haha
"Nothing I see can be taken from me"
Dear face wash commercials, nobody actually splashes their face with water like that. Sincerely, my whole damn bathroom floor is wet.
Well, I'm off to mow the moss...I mean grass.
Without morals and values, we are as nothing...and become as mirrors - a reflection of what radio & tv want us to become.
Thanks for the #FF! Nice start to the weekend! RT :
I'm sorry...how was your night?
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window
well hello ;)
Wow did February fly by! Come by Enoteca tonight for our new style of cheese or meat plates!
Uhum we'll see RT : ima hit you up when I get out da shower..
Man the struggle is real out here
Can't believe jeff fuller didn't get drafted either
Lml RT : I would rather go with a MONKEY ! 😝 lmao
Sorry, you just made your roommate sound fun!
It's hard to choreograph to Apologize !!!!
country must be country wide
RT : We're glad you think so! What's your favorite? Interestingly, 2010 Biltmore Res Chard & 2010 Banner Elk Cab.
I'm wondering what the chances are that Manny Parra actually shows us something to give us hope today. I'm thinking a 19% chance.
“: Cinco De Mayo coming this Saturday... get ready!! Taking Party Rock to a whole new level!!” uh lets goo!
take home msg: to connect with your peeps at tradeshow, go w/story telling & allow ppl to experience the joy. immerse them!
Today Monday means work potluck... Sounds good to me!
I hate not going out but I LOVE waking up with no hangover....and to my mom telling me we're going shopping....and to my EuroTrip tomm 😍
Battier is the best player out the bench today.
so entertaining.. i can predict it. hahahah
Always paranoid the work coffee is decaf so I chugged it. My heart is racing so it's probably regular.
Sunday night already?
who goes too YES prep southeast campus ?? :))
I love u merry Christmas best friend!!!
when I was in architecture school classrooms were ttaught in the round- made a big difference
Today's #scms12 question: BEST PANEL/PAPER SO FAR? To answer come to Hancock Room, Mezzanine floor. Make some history.
what picture?
Oh. Then no. LOL.
not tonight, but tomorrow and Saturday is gonna be crazy!!! I'll hit you up tomorrow.
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber please Justin notice me! :(
$5 cheese steaks this week!
Hoes be fuckin it all up for themselves sometimes smh.
SUSAN is Coming to BodyTrends...
Without goals, and plans to reach them, you are like a ship that has set sail with no destination. ~Fitzhugh Dodson
I don't have that kind of patience.
Forecast for Friday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 54 to 59. Light...
I have a small bank that I put my change in when I get home from a day of shopping. And when it gets full I roll it up. And I rolled it ...
“: No offense against #SirPaulMcCartney, but this ain't how I wanted the Grammy's to end.. C'mon now..” WE WANT ADELE.
thanks! That really means a lot
And the last performance of the evening is "Touch" composed by alumnus and current Juilliard faculty member Brandon Lee
Just wanted to say HI and THANK YOU to all of our new fans! Woot!
"We're trying to make the [college application] process more simple, transparent, and accessible." - President Caperton
Off to North Put!
they're even harder when you have player salaries and budgets to worry about too...
Heading to the #flowershow preview.
Maroon Squad! Spring game 6pm Roy Kidd Stadium
Ask - he would know the answer to such questions!
Me voy a a la mierda...
I have Bieber fever. Bring me to the hospital to see Dr.Bieber!!
did you mean to put #35>33?
#monday blues..... Blah!
next week flying back to Holland trying to beat the jet lag by returning within 100 hours.
Loving being fueled creatively by the sun shining into my window on this gorgeous day. 70+ in San Francisco in November, yes please! :)
oh wait, your fake. ahahahahaha. fucker.
My Mom believes in the cleanliness of the cat bath. Her spit on the used tissue in her purse to keep our faces clean?
oh no
I Rather Be Single Den Be Mistreated, Lied Too n' Cheated On!
Snack on more strawberries, red peppers and orange juice to help maintain healthy vision
Good morning, the weekend is here!
“Our Milwaukee 4 Haiti” Fundraiser to support victims of the earthquake in Haiti
"Mini-Mamba" aka "The Glock" - cuz you can shoot. RT if you like it
Quote of the night...."I only come here to read this is my library." -Jaime
no problem...when u get the chance.
syrupy sugary orange juice.
All my memories..real shit ill never forget
Painting chairs at the starlight theater in Balboa park! Hey, geeks can do other things too!
thank you!!!
Yes! : We're too afraid to admit we're afraid. Ignoring fear doesn't work. You have to say hi & invite it along for the ride
pm your user id
Wow...watching paper diamond tonite was like seeing an onyx concert in fast forward #dubstep ?
[rubs eyes] Wait, you mean to say Chad Billingsley has better stats than Clayton Kershaw?!?!
Stoned watchin videos n lookin at pics of all the good times I hav had throughout the years. Thnx to all the ppl who made it a fun journey.
“: here's to the kids who are badasses & yolo everywhere.”
one of those days where you do a difficult thing in good faith and get called a lot of bad names in exchange
So glad that the truly talented swept the #Grammys! Still not sure what Nicki Minaj was thinking...just bizarre.
God is truly blessing us.....
I want to be the next big comedian. Need financing now!
Yes! Just signed up. RT : Hey, Mike! Are you going?
*answers* Hey *Smiles* Invite everybody you can.
You followin me girl! Ya little Lab stalker,let me see yo face! Merry Christmas my dear friend and a big hug to the Teddybear,MWAH
GREAT interview w/Eric DeCosta on #NFL Radio... Just had similar convo w/girls about lax...1 player does NOT make or break a TEAM!!!
Hello Portland
#TEAMSAX NEED Serious PUBLICIST AND BOOKING AGENT #RT #Need booking agent and publicist Dm me your info
ready to show FloydMayweather that invincible men only exist in the movies...
Looking for more info on Texas house sonogram HB 15 Bill, if it is going to commitee tomorrow, will testimonies be allowed and when?
you never called..
if i fall , can you let me down easy ?
Thanks for following us. Cheers!
how are you?(;
it seems like the times i need you most, you jus dont care.
why do you think I love lions?! Haha
You're something special & that will never change.
You know what! that wasnt even a joke i was jus sayin some shit-__-
Thank for the follow
Best part of the new baseball season is the return of The Network.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but when an online news article says 'Scientists capture 1st known picture of ___" & there's no picture? MAJOR FAIL
GET SOME FAT BOY
yes you should come fo sho!! Ha! How much are the tix?
“: RT : Hey adorable couples who constantly profess your love for each other via Facebook, learn how to text.”
omg thanks for the reply!! made my day :)
Do you think Ohio prisoners should pay for their electricity and why? hit us back at
My main goal is to find a job. Hopefully it happens soon. :)
That awkward moment when Directioners are not jealous of Danielle & Eleanor, but of a baby, a koala, a tootbrush, and a mirror.
Wow. This guy draws some dubious conclusions, especially on success and civil liberties. #9/11
Thanks for the mention, Jalisa! Back at ya!
#Marlins win. #HEAT win. Let's do this #panthers!
Haha, white button-down shirt, pleated skirt, black jacket, ponytail. I'm all set.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE NAKED TO DANCE LIKE A STRIPPER
in case you havent heard is giving away 1000 dollar marketing packages during for month of October for ONLY 10 BUCKS hit him up
The convergence of Cinco de Mayo and the Kentucky Derby this Saturday is the event-drinker's dream.
I hate when I mistype... obviously meant 1st PLACE
Yes my visa's finally activated!.
please tweet and follow I luv you<3(:
Thanks for the tip! It looks like I can get a phone at the Orange shop at Whitgift Ctr, blocks from
No gigs this week! Gearing up for sisters wedding Saturday. Leaving tomorrow for it. It's at the beach!
Completely drained after a long run this evening. Time for Fatty McFatshit to drop some lbs.
Come in for our ALL DAY BLOWOUT SALE today!!! Buy any one item get the 2nd at 78% off!!!
Rs Gold » Blog Archive » Easyly to create Runescape earnings For ...
In WWE'S "50 GREATEST incidents" doc...the Montreal Screwjob is only #7. Are you freaking kidding me?
Getting money the fly way
I love your new video:) I have watched every single one:)<3
Every time I finish an HTML project I feel absurdly proud, like I just climbed Mount Internet.
Forgot how fun it was to go play putt putt on dixey highway and then hit baseballs afterwards
Clap your hands if youre working to hard, and the beats so hard youre working, working
I agree
lol. Oh, didn't think someone would that seriously.
While breastfeeding may not seem the right choice for every parent, it is the best choice for every baby. ~ Amy Spangler
I just died. Couldn't love you more for playing Austin. That song got me to like country so many years ago.
5am is really early.
Looked at this pik on my wallet never will take you for granted you are my help and my future ily
That'd be awesome! We are looking for a few great designers and developers. If you know any, please send 'em my way! :)
<------ everybody follow her,!
morrell hates you too
BACK in service, but may take a while to get back for those that tried contacting me in the last week.
You guys have a nice little Saturday tradition. “: I'm at George Webb w/
Plan also involves looking at Elkton Road development and potential parking needs because it is becoming an extension of Main Street
Liar Liar pants on fire. It could be her as well haha.
I think you know girl ;) lol
Once again, rude to those with disabilities, and not ADA accommodating. Will be flying other airlines from now on.
Me too. Nighttime is when I have the most energy to get some work done. Sleeping for 8 hours straight is overrated. Haha : )
Like, REALLY, Rick? C'mon! RT : Distinctly Texas problem: offensive name of your family hunting parcel.
OMG OMG OMG MY LOVE IS ONLINE!!! WOAHOOOO to bad he will never see this=,( BUT OMG <3
and I had high hopes of it be somewhat uplifting.
FINALLY OFF 12 LONG HOURS.....NOW I HAVE TO CATCH SOME FLIGHTS✈✈✈✈✈✈✈✈
I am not able to judge another person's heart or their salvation, but if Tebow is truly saved then God loves him.
I'll start...
I agree. I am a real estate broker. If you need help, let me know.
I hope everyone has a safe and Happy New Year!
ha. Hahaha. Ha.
Thanks for sharing 's post from our blog!
OMG THANK THE LORD, austin is only going for 3 months YES FUCKING YES
Vegas can't set the lines high enough for the Pats and the Indy games. Bury them flat and teased
False assumption that DL will plateau. There are a million new DL in the US in Fall 2009 (21% growth from previous year.
If you ever get a chance, take the easy way in.
You can also go fuck yourself Bitch !
omg Tiffany!!!
Im mindless and i know it :-)
Nearly 1/3 of ALL Americans are currently obese & another third are seriously overweight. This phenomenon cuts across race, class & gender.
Ha! I love Raman noodles. I actually have no problems with peasants and beggars. It's just a quote from the movie Krull.
*jumping jAck* that's a funny ass fucken name. Like what the fuck? I think that was like the first Dance move.
When going to a costume party but not wearing a costume, choose carefully so your regular outfit is not mistaken for a costume
Any discussion/blog requests?
I love you and missed you tonight
RT: your encouragement to me has been really working. Thanks. I'm headed your way. Most likely by mid dec
Stoked to see you in Seattle again! :)
Wait? is that bad???
RT : True love is a lack of desire to check one's smartphone in another's presence.
Draw Something x)
but why didnt you just eat it dry or with water or you could just not drink the milk lol
R u aware of separation of powers. Judiciary is the 1 that interprets constitution & the laws dear.
Sounds just like us :)
I'm hoping the make a version that counts the number of popped collars so I know what bars to avoid.
Happy Birthday !!!
Missy's the poo so take a big whiff.
Oh God... I can sell my soul to get those YSL pieces.
unless mike tolbert can score me at least 25 points tonight, my fantasy football season is over
When's your birthday!?(:
My brother came and fixed my dryer! Yay for clean clothes!
we are what we repeatedly do. excellence is not an act, but a habit. aristotle
Watched Oprah's Life Class last night and had an overwhelming sense of Gratitude for all that I have in my life.
Wishing he was here :(
thank you for the #ff!
RT Who was President before Obama? || He whose name shall never be uttered.
Guy behind the counter says that pumping up the Damien Rice is "part of the environment" at Cafe 232. Wish could share the pain.
delete "in libraries, which boils down to" and it still applies, I feel! ()
Today's adventure learning class focuses on the socil side of location with emphasis on mobile technology and geolocation apps. Fun!
I always tweet a lot while watching AGT. Summer's are spent looking forward to AGT.
Great post, Allen! ;)
awww it was so cute :)
Blessed for the opportunity to see another day.
Interactive PMing is the art of getting a wide variety of people aligned on creating digital deliverables. +
Saddened to hear you have to miss the W season. Heal quickly!
lolol they do
#FF rockin yoga trips to Enchanted Rock; non-stop links on everything current; for awe-mazing photos
It's about to go down LOL
RT : Ugh I wish somebody bring me lunch today.....I can bring u lunch
dude she has a boyfriend
#DearNetflix, there will be very few people buying DVDs & Blu-Ray. Everything will be streamed. Tell #Hollywood to get with today's program.
your senior pictures look really pretty! (:
I miss my iPhone jack for the car! Radio stations have no variety!!
Start your meal off right-- We're giving away FREE steamed edamame when you check-in with foursquare!
Paula abdul is at bes!
Jeffrey, have you encountered works that seek to obfuscate rather than communicate clearly? Would you approach them differently?
Wow.... Robbery on showtime boxing
Made a crazy dinner. grilled Kangaroo, elk, Wild bore Burgers, Deer Burgers, Antalope burgers, and fried gator and rabbit.
Dan Kowal: No NOAA sites can use Google Analytics. Hands tied. Not the 1st time US gov't shoots self in giant feet.
Studying for General Contractors Exam #princessconcasco 🎓💰🚚🚧⚠
Just sold $NNVC for profits. Congrats on another great trade!
since my recipe's that I like are all dairy heavy, figured you could enjoy RyJ instead ;) hope you had an awesome night! :D
LASER TAG. let's do this
Bank Atlantic center tonight. Panthers vs. Boston, stop by our Lennar both for a chance to win some great prizes. Located on suite the level
will you be in Lawrence,KS?
Waiting 2 board our Flight bk 2 Colorado...Crossing our fingers...Good Morning my fellow Tweets!!!
hahaha! Okay cool. :)
I can not wait for Pumpkin Hallow!!! IM SO EXCITED !!!!! ^_^
Not lame at all, quite the opposite actually!
#YouKnowSheTheOne if you smile every time someone says her name
Mubarak says he wants to spend more time with his family
Had a great meeting with Viamedia Jon Spaet about SEO. Works well with a companys SEM plan.Call my rep Linda Mirandi 631.650.6670 for a demo
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Bacon Blue Burgers and Chicago Hot Dogs
Longer than that :)
RT : Great media stories to be had at #AZEC11 today, especially from
❒ Taken ❒ Single ✔ Married To The Game
I rock we rock she rocks they rock we all rock
Night, world. It's been one hell of a night 😏
searches that led people to my blog: “own original not mass production needs a comma.” "luc sante 2012" & "vasquez gets beat up by a girl"
Jessica Sanchez you 16 year old beast. I am jealous of your being.
Still feeling so great from last night's #chickchat networking event at Such an inspiring group of ladies. #GoLocalChicago !
ironically, as a result of my last tweet, I got a spam message...
I have 2 date nites scheduled with hubby this week! What will we do?!?!?!?
good luck... send me a link when it's up.
What in the midst of creative genius is there so much confusion heartache and tragedy?
Happy Pi Day to you too, Mr McCoy!
I'm in favor of that! If you like it, I have another one coming out at the end of the month.
I miss him. #CloseButFar /: And tonight is worse, because it's bonfire weather.
What happened? Is he ok?
I was outside shoveling.. I was wearing basketball shorts, sneakers, an over sized shirt, and gloves. It wasn't even cold..
KEL Audio is here all day long!! Check out their huge line of microphones and enter to win an HM-7U vocal mic!!
Proud of cousin Marc, amazing!
Haha! Awesome. I'm happy to share my secrets with fellow Ladies.
Just saw a moon halo for the first time with absolutely beautiful!!! Breath taking.
« Everyone should be given a perfect match, so no one would envy eachother and be lonely, thatd be nice.»
Get involved in acting to act, not to be famous or for the money. You have to love it. - Philip Seymour Hoffman
I think soo do you remember what they were fighting about?
Can't wait to see it :)
If you work hard enough everything is possible it's just the so called "Impossible" is harder to achieve
Today it's one of those 'hair pulled up, sweats' kind of day .
what's #oomf mean?
How is it?! I need it
Have you registered for the F.O.G night of elegance event? Its June 2nd... wait until you see my gown
Eventually im gonna get my ears pierced.!
In queue for book signing. This line is DEEP!
OS X Lion's narrow scroll bar constantly pisses me off.
Tina Fey looks GREAT in her new Garnier nutrisse commercial!
What's good get familiar...Spades & Diamonds Clothing Co.!!!
You're not banned from/afraid of using that F-word on social media? Ha ha ha. Looks like a great show!
Sweet a new friend
Channel4 to take over next year with Ardal ?
RT : Hey how about an vs. Stanley Cup! Amen to that!
You you considering on going to San Fran?
I vote for Miss Wisconsin.
Thanks to everyone who made it out to our shows this week. We had a blast!
OMFG. So Raven is a lesbian then?
Wish all the stations weren't so competitive on Thursday. I need more recorders :(
We used to go night fishing at that fishing hole. Police turned a blind eye to it back in the day.
FREE!!! recycling services today for all fast food trash, soda bottles, and empty bags of cheetos. Just throw it all in the parking lot.
You thought you broke my heart, you thought you made my cry, I guess you know by now....NOT EVERY PLAYER IS A GUY!
I would rather see Addison with Jake! He is best for her...no baggage!
I am the least photogenic person I know.
no one asked u ninja
In the midst of MS Surface /iPhone / Virtual Worlds design madness - but it sure is fun!
My first Tweet.... What now?
That's #Bmore: RT : The kids in this room are blowing me away with how engaged they are in changing the edu system.
20 minutes to get your tweet to us about your #mother for chance to WIN band - we will pick one RANDOM #winner at 9pm EST
Did some time lapse shooting at my favorite location in Seattle - Gasworks Park - 3 shots in the can!
My beautiful and talented daughter. You are my rock!! I Love you so so so so so so so muchooooo...
double d can't loose! he's born bred and cornfed to win!
It was absolutely inspiring to meet and learn with you!Thank you for sharing your positivity,passion,energy&wisdom.
#precommerce a three second decision cycle to purchase candy -- David Witt, Hershey + U. of Kentucky top bball team according to DW
Next at #kodm will be speaking about the Europeana Data Model and what it might be possible to do with it
Trayvon Martin Mom Sybrina Preying 4 u Happy Mothers Day. Prays 2 u and your family Sybrina
Working to help the small independent music stores, musicians and live music venues in New York with our new site. www.NYConnection.org
Stay with me?
Breaking News! Ben Bernanke says the recovery is close to faltering! Wait a minute... what recovery?
Only where would we go? Lol. Cali? idt that would be safe. idt NYC would be safe either.
#localrapfact I'm not a rapper I just know how to rap
Okay, I won't lie. Every time I listen to Come Sail Away, I sing it in Cartman's voice.
Looking forward to another weekend on earth. Love this place...
We're coming in early and under budget on our project at Fort Bliss. Great job by our entire team!
yea makes me want to smash things. I had a before and loved it. It did so much more than my current paperweight.
#ItsOkayToCheatif you're a moron. Well, it's not okay.. But that's probably why you'd do it
Happy Monday to you! Hope you have a great week.
Good Morning Thx for following! Let's change the world today.
I has a hungry :(
No sorry! I was doing preproduction all day and forgot.
at least no1 ruined your special day asshole
Utsa Hoops has the Wood, A Kannon & now a Tank! Full update later today.
shorter than Thor and? Captain America?
If this waitor says one more offensive thing, I promise, I will judo chop him in the throat.
LOL. but you bust me out and not her?!
Uh oh. Not going to be pretty RT : #psu has received additional subpoenas for university employees.
Is it just me o boring na talaga ang facebook? Good thing there's Twitter. :)
Just (re)shared the Over&Out film with you via dropbox.
Is your IT dept an accountable partner in your organization's growth and success? It should be!
Best of luck to you.
Have a safe trip!
The time is now to do something!
- Yes, I have read the books and I really did think it had an amazing plot with good writing. I definitely couldn't put it down.
You totally copied my tweet. Almost word for word, without an RT or even a quote.
*when all else fails
Innate Appeal of Zombie Norms? Rarely turn on each other, not picky about hygiene, casual wear, non-discriminatory, eco friendly!
We totally would though. We're not beneath bribery. ;)
yeah.i would have to go through all my clothes xD I can imagine us talking about what we wanna wear everytime we see eachother
swag 25,000th tweets give me a s/o!!!
my niece got the new Harry Potter Clue game and is playing it now. Thanks for fixing the problem!
I want to take an IKEA trip
Shout out my sista. My name is Khan and Its a pleasure to have you as a friend on twitter
Don't forget to wish a happy birthday today!!!
coming over to swim one day, just sayinnnn (:
Working on my exposure unit
I hate this week already and it hasn't even started. Can it be Thursday already yet? :-(
David Leigh: "we deliver ~ 1 assessment per second". Gets to the mass data they've collected & will use via SHL Talent Analytics
They are going to be really surprised when it happens but they can't say i didn't warn them
oh boy!
Holiday Shipping Reminder: If you need your order delivered in time for Christmas, today is the last day to place orders!
Get plenty of rest and remember God loves you and So do I!
- Coy, It doesn't look like to RT much, what is the philosophy behind that?
I think a key word you used was "plugin". Sometimes looks like #LMS is becoming just a shell to aggregate 3rd party apps
Nice to be off....bout to get a workout in...
Going to the gym again to become "less" squishy. :o)
ha! I was really hoping somebody would say it!
Stressed out. Who's got stress relief tips?
ill still follow. Because im hood and have ice like that! I also think djs should be allowed to have grills.
So Heat win huh, who you got winning the series? Bulls or or Heat?
I found an amazing way to relieve stress. It's called writing for money.
All these point guards
design sunday.
Remember when your dad asked you at the dinner table what you did today? This should not be necessary today.
: premise on option four is slighted by the nature of the phrasing, IMO
My fave track from that album is you da one :)
Enjoy the quiet then; life's challenge is to enjoy what is, and is to come. The Irish, of which NYC is full, are full of life.
"It isn’t the consumers’ job to know what they want." -Steve Jobs....it is your job to inform them of what they need that you can provide!
that's the spirit Good Luck to you
SOA Software Delivers IBM DataPower Appliance Management
great talk at tacoconf on Saturday
OH LORD HELP ME. I hate that picture :p I knew I was going to regret putting my hair up
are u ok??
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 4
Emporium model of blended learning - lab where students can work at own pace, but access mentors/tutors when needed.
"when I read a PDF I skim it" another layer to digital versus print
Stupidity is something that makes me very mad.
indiana might actualy win.
me and my aunt is going to do the black friday shopping at mid night lol
This isnt looking good but its early
It was a very fun evening for a great cause and I'm honored to be part of it. The guys were a hoot and it was amazing.
Louisville fans at work already driving me crazy. Its gonna be a long week
longest day..
its obvious you dont seem to care anymore
Can't believe I had to bribe my husband with beer just to do me a tiny favor. lol
You two are cracking me up! I get to / have to live with - good or challenging, depending on the day :)
Insomnia. Day 15. Sigh.
When you are a bunch of school mates at town square Haha >.<
“: RT : I need somebody to rub my stomach :(” Sit on the toilet and count.
It’s also National Nutrition Month. Our new healthy kid’s meals are a great to commemorate the month.
Happy Friday! It's great to connect on Twitter. Have a super day.
We're excited to have Chesapeake employees touring Positive Tomorrows today as a part of their United Way campaign!
Naw my manager just brought him to town.
Free smoothie king again ftw
that may not know its you! Lots of people couldn't tell the difference between me & my mom.
Cherish every minute! Went to europe for the first time a year ago and can't wait to go back!
you rock!
Shit me too, matter fact, blazin right now cool pick me up, blast me off
I have an obsession with skater guys. proven by these guys jazz (i think thats his name dont know him that well), jordan and this dude josh
Put us on!
Anthony Shadid's approach to journalism allowed him to nail the Arab Spring six years before it happened -
i just got cock blocked so hard bro smh
The soldiers were special forces personnel returning to base after an operation.
BEAUTIFUL DAY
Good morning
is having a busy #LAThtr weekend: and
yepp! It's over ny now. If it takes the train it will be here in 4 hrs
Anyone else notice the cold shoulder the beebs got from everyone but Blake
CTIA is around the corner! Dont forget to order your mifi ahead of time. Let us keep you connected during the crazy busy convention.
Studying latino #brk creative at
So did we! : Loved the appreciation in Newsweek!!
I've never felt this sore in my life!
Pretty excited that we now accept credit/debit cards at our merch table. Come see the lovely at our table and get some merch!
because old people who don't know think that AOL is still the internet?
lol i go to ur profile and i see that i dont follow you. i say " omgg im must follow her" so yeah haha<3
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Bryant Hicks Director
How about Harden for the Bosox Lars Anderson? Or perhaps the yanks pick him up and play him sparingly until the playoffs.
I love that Barney is getting married to robin!!!
World-Wide Human Geography Working Group on sharing spatial data.Highlighting as model for collaboration and usable tools
I have a bunch of tests too. Oh well, if they help me get good grades, I'm all for them :)
I am!:D can I get a simple "hi" from you?(:
We had pleasant weather here w/ yesterday staying above freezing, then a 30º drop overnight that wouldn't even think of double digits.
yea I can't find anything else about it... we will see soon
really? am i too late to buy hiking boots if hiking sat? like, will i blister too much? even if i wear them next several days
St Pete Beach, FL. I'm sitting on a plane & it's 80 degrees and sunny outside. Argggh!
The AP Literature test was BRUTAL, I think I did good but not great. I had fun afterwards though!!
Another earthquake
Chaz has a patio?
You guys rock! Jordan, I remember watching you back in A'dam at 'Boom Chicago' shows! Super proud of you guys!
How long are they going to watch this dog?? Break the damn window!!
Many thanks to the organizers of I had a great time.
Instagram on andriod? Uh no! Lol I have an andriod but I think it should have just stayed for apple products.
Keep the brain out of the tackle and avoid law suits in football. Advancing the Science of Tackling Safety & Performanxe since 1997.
Thanks for the follow FOOT!
Let me clue you, it is Cold in Fremont this month. I'm still wearing the sweats I usually put away in April. *sigh*
You compete with yourself, no one else :)
Off to rehearsal... "Musicians who vibrate on the same frequency is a dream come true." Michel Camilo
#smbmad #ford saw all the electric and hybrids when Ford stopped by - even drove two different ones.
Freedom is a means, not an end.
Facebook privacy protection? disgusting.
With a desk shift and a major content planning meeting, I've got to hold off. But there's always lunch!
haha true that man I hated that school!
Hey Folks. Rick Lee and the Night Owls Friday!
y tu tambien. Thanks for the publicity.
Good idea.
Two finals down, 5 to go.
great subway commercial! Now I want a chicken bacon ranch on herb and cheese.. Thanks.. Lol
Soo lucky things are holding me back If I wasn't told not to do anything I would mess You dont even know. Whatever. Lucky she told me not to
oops. lol. I meant "good"
Retweet if you wanna see the dictator already
Excited to be here. The agenda looks great!
Excited about being in the summer catalogue. Thanks
Yes!! How are you Alaia?
Im glad is a Pacer!
The only person that actually loves me is my cat
Chevere Charlie Have fun .... Blessings
#Exercise should be regarded as a #tribute to the heart. - Gene Tunney
We make up and we break up all the time...were like na na na then were like yeah yeah yeah.
My eternal love! I miss you, too! Glad to see you on here. Let's have (Lebanese, please!) food with soon!
Lauro talking about the corpse as broken object
<3 You got that from me !
666 Likes. STOP EVERYTHING... Let's just keep it here...
So u can open them duh “: What is the point of doors
So excited to be off on a writing week starting tomorrow with two of my best writing friends! LOVE doing this!
The woolier the better!
Just like old times! Except current!...?
He's really cute and really good ... but I am sure he is much younger than me =(
what's a fabricator????
great to meet you. Lets hand out socks in Seattle too. Seriously. Go Ms!
Never watch The Vow by yourself
Right! Like RT : just now seeing redtails. how are people this attractive?
crunch time
what time is he announcing?
I could nitpick the Avengers, but I'm not going to. It's so much fun that the minor flaws can be overlooked. Loved it!
what's ur definition of "know"? Understanding consumer behavior is one thing; knowing intimate details is another...
haha I was like ANT wtf
Let's help put a stop to bullying and mental illness by following and actively participating in any way!
no I wasn't but I am now Thanks
hey I think she said friday
Several vendors already offering that to acad pubs and acad libs. Short-term lending, patron-driven acquisition
I didn't know Navy SEALs feather their hair before missions until I saw #CharlieSheen in "Navy SEALs".
close to it. Trying to kick start with espresso shots. See u in a few.
Ha! Send me email? mlickona AT gmail DOT com
It's official Pat Kirch loves me.
Photo: omg, Anna made this ornament. Yep, we both love TREATS n SNOOZIN.
I hope that means its going good.
its a bumping ass song called chew me like bubblelicious
At Walmart with Kasey(: waiting in line for cofee pots !
o k
Will be at the HRMAC Wine & Cheese Tasting tonight in Rosemont. Should be a great event. Look forward to meeting old friends and new ones.
Since when was twitter a fucking diary..
That's what you get for waking up in Vegas.....
thanks for RT! Have a great day!
follow me back :P~
You probably aren't the only one.
Kate McKinnon. It's her third episode, but I don't remember seeing her before tonight.
Take her with you... obvious solution!
You let it define you. Im just myself. Im not acting.
i want to go on a cruise!
great - now I want tacos and cold medicine - um, cold medicine...drooling.
you are me e.o?
2 more weeks until my half mar! Pointers?
ehhh.. She dont make the rules!
Went to see #theavengers on Sunday. Pretty awesome!! 3d has come a long way since jaws 3!
I am so fortunate and thankful for my beautiful, intelligent, healthy, considerate sons. Thank you, Donovan, Aidan, and Liam
worst. feeling. ever.
