Wow, Lead Guitarist on American Idol played on the song, Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism.- my 8 year old son sang vocals . Amazing!!!!
That's what I was thinking. Pisses me off.
American Idol auditions in Milwaukee on Wednesday, any of you make the cut? Anyone funny I should keep an eye out for?
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken ~ Oscar Wilde
Up, gettin' high.
Dunn is done.
yeah Ok.
(cont.) ... #NWU and #AuthorsGuild will review member
aiight cool. What would yo stage be?
FYI. Wifi is really shitty at Grill / Cedar Door
Will do RT : Love to explore it!! DM me your email- let's connect!
man I have never seen you so pissed!
So this morning we asked what sports could be improved with trampolines. Most epic combination? Parkour + paintball + trampolines = WIN.
dude! yes even!!!! dont give me no crap about it! #JustKidding but on the forreal side your BEAUTIFUL
I want to work out but neither my hotel room or the hotel gym is big enough to jump rope.
Good luck today brotha!
nah man im pissed! and balls im too excited now. gottaa hold da weave
And Max got into his private boat and said "Goodbye" #Maurice Sendak
see so I do understand so tlk to me I'll dm my número to u
The attempts to blur the lines and show that things don't exist in absolutes seem to reinforce "gaslighting" of women w/out critique.
At the Edmond Arts festival and just won a trip to DC!!! cc:
I woke up an hour early.so im just chillin with my dogs. #swaggie HAHAHA!
Thanks for sharing this interesting read.
Worst Night Ever .
Having issues getting the gang together to record. Life interferes again.
Any idea when are going to officially change their name to the Killwaukee Admirals?
dinner with my mommy was great ;D
Dear , The first song in tonight's Tweet- up mix is for you!
Happy 350th Birthday to the Book of Common Prayer, that with the King James Bible, had a profound effect on English language and culture.
"There is no limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination, and wonder."
I wish that would happen to me!
Damn shit crazy! I never talk about haters
In NYC, tiny kitchens make single-purpose appliances impractical. Now visiting g-f friends in TN who own a waffle iron. :)
My boyfriend treats me like the fucking goddess I am.
Yeah it's still a while away but the saving of the $ needs to begin now hahaha. But yay! definitely let me know when you're in LA :)
sure didn't take it long to get from top to bottom.
I honestly wish I could just fall asleep and not wake back up :((
Out exploring Aruba with hits of the 60s, 70s and 80s going through my head.
Drupal 7 loads slowly on shared hosting platforms and has crashed my website. I am using Butane instead.
Sherri Shepherd didn't cheat pre- Just took classes at Max's studio prior to negotiations. Yeah, training for herself. *eyeroll*
We just ate breakfast now the family is already deciding on wat 2 do wat 2 eat later hahaha
Happy Birthday I Love you!!
Thats great! Congrats on the award - It is nice to see that happen as a result of your hard work.
: You accidentally put my handle instead of ACLU's. I was like 'huh? there are contacts at...me?'
- after all this time with Type II, I am finally getting a diabetes dog tag - way overdue!
As a slow runner myself, I am grateful to those who cheer us stragglers on! Thank you!
aww im sorry , how was it?
I'd assume so, but I see what you see. LIARS
That annoying moment when you go to light a cigarette and you can't find your lighter...
Our Hero's presence is the best thing to happen to Nebraska since left.
we're happy to have helped out!
Ive never met a more dramatic man than my dad.
Houston, we have a problem. I REALLY want to go home. Please get this plane fixed so I can get back to BNA ASAP!
Smoking weed under star projectors I guess we’ll never know what Harvard gets us.But seeing my family have it all -drake♡ ♬ ♪
I fell asleep at the beach with my cell phone on my stomach. How's that for a tan line? It's not my sexiest look..
"OMG your so pretty!" "No i'm not!" "Listen bitch, STFU and accept the compliment!."
will you marry me? Hahah you're my kinda girl!
think ima gone head and get in the shower early toniqht
you too! my phone took a dive...ill be back soon!
In the house bored by myself
I love Roger Ebert. "as Nathalie walks into a Paris cafe and is spotted by Francois (Pio Marmai), who is handsome enough to play a vampire."
#geekend #fa111 a little slow on the obvious content of branding but there are some funny nuggets.
A wish that every day for you will be happy from the start and may you always have good luck and a song within your heart.
Fri night at work with a Indiana motha fuckin Jones marathon?! Nights lookin up!! 📺👀
i just just got $3.52 for buying a peoplestring car magent on Vista Print
I suck at singing! Omg.
"im isaac and your miss becca, we are gonna be married and have a baby when we are really old, the bible said so!" gotta love kids
Gal on the train asked everyone to ignore her child throwing a fit. Kinda hard to ignore the shit smell in his diapers though.
Hackman was outstanding. Hopper amusing. Period scenery fun. But storyline was so syrupy my teeth hurt. Signed, a Hoosier.
I wish my mom was here to see all the good things her son is doing! God rest her soul, your son loves you
First Footnote (er, Fold3), and now too? is the Marvel Comics character Galactus incarnate.
we're going to make a Noodles run for lunch...do you or want anything?
Breaking news: New iheartonenote.com video will be released at 10am PST on YouTube. Link to follow. Stay tuned!
By 3 methods we learn wisdom: Reflection, which is noblest; Imitation, which is easiest; Experience, which is the bitterest. Confucius
I don't know you but I know that feeling. Congratulations.
how r u
You're the one who can make a difference because you are Here. --Dr. McKenna. He is on point.
Awkward moment when the reverse sounds better than the original LOL jk
Transportation post-surgery is strongly recommended after liposuction for safety precautions.
Find a way to get paid from it and you have yourself a plan. Concert promoting is an actual thing that people do.
Thanks for the RT Thomas! Have a great day
SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE! No. 13 Release Party - 12/3/10 @ 7 pm @ Atomic Books, Baltimore. Free. Featuring author readings.
Could my night be any worse? 
"There will be Love" by Lou Rawls gives me life.
What a nice day outside 78 and sunny all day
Why hello, how are you doing?
Hey Cincinnati! We want hear your favorite genre of music?
i will ALWAYS cheer against the miami heat and the lakers
“It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving.” ~ Mother Teresa of Calcutta
Happy hour no. 1 under way! TGIF
#ghettotranslations I'm the best dressed in the room... I'm swaggin on all these niggas! Swag!
Dumb question. Freddie.
Can u follow me?
In Hollywood enjoying this beautiful day with my sisters.
": Be honest: If you could buy that No. 253 Mr. Irrelevant jersey, would you?" Still not as good as a Ron Mexico jersey.
Drew did NOT deserve to go home, I am literally crying right now from watching her elimination :'(
julyjulyjuly ": I would do anything to be in Disney right now #disneyproblems”
Pregnant dog-shot-gives birth to healthy litter of puppies in 's hometown of Lacomb,OR.How vets saved the day. 11pm
Jäger has started doing that.... I feel SO mortified when he does it. Lol
the little one is ok, though...right? Loving seeing his pictures on fb.
Vinyl Hours Radio on a Saturday edition 3pm-5pm (ps) on will be back next week;)
phil lesh & friends, , san rafael, ca. set 2 (cont): highway 61 revisted (JG), the wheel (all), all along the watchtower
The River - dont know what to make of it yet but there was some effective stuff going on there
Jay Friedman of #AudibleMagic says: Interactive TV is what companys are moving towards.
Last night was the perfect intro to summer
will do, thanks.
thank u so much. I appreciate u. xo
Happy New Year!
had dinner tonight for the first time, the best.
Oh, I thought you were ironically referring to the #nichenonjoke previous. But thanks, that's going in the grime battle.
off to see the Samurai exhibit at National Geographic museum
Cool guy Andrew Hudson speaking @ #CFEA conf abt his frmr company Frontier's marketing campaign of animals on jets' tails.
Modular self reconfigurable robot systems? I am looking into the pdf you linked to now, thank you.
In honor of password, had an hour long discourse about Jesus conspiracy theories with the housemates.
Enjoying a relaxing evening at home. Typing on cell phones - tedious, eh? ::chuckle::
Great job with Hastings on the radio. Looking forward to seeing you in Denver again.
if you ever take mobile pictures as awesome as this, you should send em our way!
Checked my account balance and thought someone stole my identity, but no. Just broke...sigh.
I hope I get som sleep 2nite.btw u always pop in2 my dreams frm time 2 time.Seriously knock it off!dude its not funny lol jk XD
Today was perff. Cant wait for this summer ♥
there's always that one thing in the back of a girls mind that always seems to bother her..
Why do girls get so wildly emotional about Starbucks' seasonal drinks?
#SOTN main panel will focus on online piracy
At the UW XPrize seminar. Brainstorming how the power of 100 million people can be mobilized in a game.
Just picked up a copy of Marketing Shortcuts. An effective elevator pitch forces you to find your focus.
you just married a Muslim??
I want whatever it is Cal's smoking because it's some really good sh*t
good luck :) x
why are there so many tweets about vinny being gay? im absolutely sure hes not, and if he is then i still support him 10,000% i love him.
be true to the divine inspiration that created you as It's unique expression of self, and the bounty is destined to follow.
So great to see you, too!!! See you on Saturday :)
I've got love all over me!!!
It's hard for me to take a role in your life when I'm not even part of the script.
Putting in a lot of work I'm excited about working on our new album can't wait 4 everyone to hear it!
come to phillllyyyyy - I want a visit!
go to sleep
Thank you for following, Bert. cb
IDK YET BRO IMMA WORK ON THAT THE NEXT COUPLE HOURS
History channel all day son
If you remember correctly, I LOST that challenge #swallowatablespoonofcinnamon?
- Hahaha. That IS what he said. :P
Not yet, Ryan. I'll add it to the list.
Don't miss 's Tweet-Up Happy Hour, they're awarding a travel hero with a $10K vacation & the chance 2 win an iPad on 11/16
c'mon. Can you blame him. He TOTALLY has a legit shot at the league.
Yea...embosses are awesome too!
Lol! I'm always enjoying myself! :P
There are so many! Every movie I saw with a palm tree made me want to travel out of Boston
I'm firm believer in disconnecting *all* SM accts MT Do u only tweet about biz? No? Disconnect yr Twitter/LinkedIn autofeed.
Juror #1 is a dimwit
Wikipedian for 10 years- , good geek.
Thanks and Likewise! :)
no prob! thanks for letting me know :)
Road trip to StL too. Gonna be fun.
A Boston judge recently decided to slash damages from an illegal song downloading case from $675,000 to $67,500 for the infractions.
Honey's always more contentious.But I've never seen anybody raise the issue of mushrooms before, so that's interesting.
All I get is cheese like am taking pictures
#jhudc Yes, the design is symbolic and unique but I'm interested in the Cafe. Did you get to eat at MITSITAM? I'd like details.
Love your weirdo spying coverage. It's a criminally underused application of twitter.
There are FREE stickers at the Greenwood Mall in Indianapolis. Find them at: Zumiez, FYE, Nirvana, Journey's, and more
You should bro RT : Cause of I want to go to
she wont
"I love you tram endoscopy!" I swear auto text is 'tremendously' out to get me...
ya well after you made use an hour late.... It was my perogative to tease you. :)
Ok time to run 18 miles
Join the authors of the Complete Idiot's Guide to Facebook Marketing - TweetChat Thursday, at 11 a.m. CT.
Experimenting with way more weights and way less cardio... I'm skeptical tho
Like Wezzy say life is beach am just playin in sand!!!
NOW the 'Chucks get big-time Titan players. Makes sense.
can't you just chill ? i am just joking ! dude !! :P
Its all in the wrist
I hope you are having a great time with the rents!
You're right, I don't like you.
That's an excellent plan! I really want a nap now that I've had soup, but the grocery store calls. Enjoy your snow day!
no doubt by the end of this night i'll have her clothes off...
Let the Tweets begin! RT : eye-opening...found you!
is hilarious.
Boone, nc has a way of making feel like I'm close to death. Too much fog!
ya dig.
Only if she can monitor your tweets tho.
LOVE you!!! See you in 2012 :)
sweet!! Where ya going?
Transformation conference call
but actually we HAVE TO hang out! So many memories!!! #missyoumore #reunionsoon :)
Club Eclipse was crazy last night. so amazing. i hope we play another show there some time thats crazy man, bad luck lately
ATTENTION STALKERS! If u didn't already kno, half of us are n this zombie musical: musicalofthelivingdead.com See what we look like CLOTHED!
I think I know where it is. Is there a place named Red's Porch by it?
Hey, I never followed , so how did they get on my Following list? Damn spammer marketers make me sick.
Seems Like I can never get a tweet from my Fav IB A girl can only dream
Don't judge me until you know me. Don't underestimate me until you challenge me. And don't talk about me until you talk to me.
Erin Burnett is Walter Cronkite compared to Piers Morgan.
cheers mate, much appreciated :D and I ask again, where are we gonna make tjat one a series? :P
“Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.”
Hey hope you enjoyed your half day today.
I think Terrence Jones is my #favorite player behind Kevin Jones in college Basketball
Hey .... & I were discussing your #gay wit & wisdom recently. Weekend fun?
Pliny the Elder~ No mortal man moreover is wise at all moments.
At 23009 58th Ave West in Mountlake Terrace getting ready for the Tour de Terrace parade. Join us!
Still out here working waiting on that stroke of luck
RT : Awesome New Real Estate Property Sites, Here is one we di in Colorado: www.comeseethishome.com
Get YOUR Bacon Strength on today! Bagel Sandwiches, Breakfast Burritos, BLT's and more!
What an amazing season. I am SO HAPPY!! I LOVE MY RANGERS!!! 
If you have to look down at the ground to walk in your heels, you shouldn't wear them. Ruins the effect.
If you want to date me, you need to have a job,car, and go to school. I don't think I'm asking for a lot.
When a woman says she loves me I usually follow it up with a cum shot to her face. She promptly retorts.
#everyone get on board to help. Start here, but there is much more everyone can do. #grassroots,
But my pants get less wet.
"if it's not online it's not public" heard on NPR regarding FCC decision for tv stations to disclose info about political ads
#uknoyoughettowhen you say
was just wishing for a candy delivery service yesterday...could definitely use some laffy taffy for motivation...
Alex, can I get an F?
Build the body of your dreams with EliteTrainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
The Organizer [Criterion Collection] Blu-ray Review | Blu ...
Nick Nolte trying to pull off a Jack Nicholson with the shades #OTRC Sorry dude...
Just saw the Compound Grill in #Scottsdale closed? Goes to show that even a cool concept can't survive without great food.
#nonnfldrafttweet #Touch is my new favorite drama.
hm really thats cool meh jst getting ma room done lol ma room to dirty lol
When people treat you like shit, but you just let them do it?
Y u ask me that
Lucky! I start on the 17th:p
i wish i was into twitter.. i need to follow some celebs to make my life seem more filling
just to tell u that this is stupid and I don't wanna go weeks without talking to u,erase that crap u wrote and cut on Skype
Showed a patient how to build a sauna for about $50.00. Used it yesterday for one hour. Put a reclining chair in it and heated it to 120.
HIRING: Social Media Content Writer for an Award Winning Interactive Agency in Boca Raton, FL. CAN be offsite, but MUST be brilliant!
omg lol your hair! :'D
reading in bed with a tumbler of whiskey, skipping a few decades and turning 45 on my next birthday.
#iambrucelee what a man. Too young to know him. Iconic.
I seriously hate dirty fingernails.
Lots of stairs winding around to a small, red temple at the top where you kneel and throw sticks from a cylinder. Then the monk interprets.
MT : Ask questions by using #AskObama. Don't miss your chance! asked a great one on college affordability!
The first license plate on a car in the United States was issued in Denver, Colorado in 1908.
it's so disturbing on so many levels.
Had a terrible nightmare last night that the Brewers got swept by the Astros. What? Oh....
someone kept vandalizing books in the store and signing random books. :-)
Never thought the day would come when I'd want to remove someone from my virtual life, but alas.
Not fun to cut your thumb when there's practicing to be done! Rhymes, yes? Lol
#FF Great seminar with them recently in Buffalo NY!
her birthday is the 20th! :) she had a good time at belmont location here in chicago!
What? You didn't know I'm an apprentice spiritualist? :)
Yeah, you're right. I overreacted. Nice hook, but ultimately too mawkish.
like how directioners and other fan sites do them like " #Imagine blah blah" and it's about you
Hey, Maddy has a soccer game Monday 6:30 PM at Pine Ridge Park in Annandale. Stop by after work if u can.
Halle Berry is beautiful but i used to and still think Jada is the most beautiful of them all lol
Ohh and follow me on instagram
Drank WAY too much coffee last night
It's okay, I understand. She's skinnier. She's funnier. She's prettier. Don't worry, I wouldn't choose me either.
thanks for the shout out mang! Really digging the "Dirty Beat" remix. Filthy!!
no ;you have a lot of things to do, don't think negative :)
I hated every minute of training, but I said, "Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion." -Muhammad Ali
Agreed. RT : Judging more applications. The breadth of innovation is inspiring! #Startups rock.
No problem!
Again,after the convo last night,I am not so mean after all.If we are not involved anymore y would i talk to u.We cant be friends.never were
The moment a man begins to talk about technique that's proof that he is fresh out of ideas. -- Raymond Chandler
Comic Stark recently lapsed, but is sober again. Movie Stark loves him the booze. Ultimate Stark...depends on who's writing...
I mean I'm sure it was all for the good. I'm sure she wasn't tryin to #SmashABruh..just makin sure he stayed in his legacy.
Good job last night! It would be so great if you answered me. haha That would really make my day. God is good all the time. :)
If you are a UM CoE alumni and want to find out "the latest" with U Engineering, follow the UMCoEAA on twitter.
I also can find you a marketing person too, if you want, to hear about that program specifically.
Still waiting for her to say happy birthday to me lol
that is a very interesting plot idea!
My favorite sport t-shirt slogan. Cross Country - My sport is your sport's punishment.
I'm going to start tweeting more. yep. so follow me..if you dare :-)
Help - - Anybody know where the Russell Labs Building is? Off to present to Kinesiology 119 - Intro to Kinesiology.
Lifeboat Distribution Named Finalist for 2012 SAP® Pinnacle Award in Resell Category
Vote for DJ Styles!
I'm getting several emails a day from "mobile gifting" apps/services. Anyone have experience gifting through them? Any data out there?
At the Maine Historical Society to hear Alan Taylor's talk on the War of 1812
That's a better way to look at it for sure!
Anyone else psyched about the WNBA starting up again?!?
So proud of mi puppy. :)
Rough Roosters
Dark Shadows was awesome. Depp and Burton never let me down.
check your facebook inbox when you get a chance. Thank you.
probably both lol
HSEM Director Kris Eide will be live on at 4pm to talk about #SevereWeatherAwarenessWeek. Check it out!!
Thanks for the follow- absolutely love your site! Hope you like our tees
Where's half way?!?! HAHAH How about Inbetween Ohio, Va, and NY so can b there too !:D
don't brag!
We can't argue with that! You guys should definitely sell some custom-mades. Decorations via #chanceoperations perhaps?
by the way, i'm loving the LA heat wave.
NARBin since I woke up this morning.
Gratz guys!! Brian, what is his twitter handle?
miss you gorgeous
Ed and taylor swift's music would go together weird. Just no
#catshow #comedy #podcast Ro gives better interviews than Jim Morrison.
get gortat out of here!!
Sounds like a good time! Isn't Portland fun?
50% off any cosmetic tattoo procedure for the WHOLE MONTH of July!! Give us a call and ask for Raegan ! 206.329.8274
stop writing in your stupid notebook.
Fact: It's a shame, but some of your craziest enemies will be right in your own back yard (relatives.)
so i saw this video where u saw one direction in LA.what hotel was that.plz let me kno
I need to get home, have to watch #MIOBIFinale :'(
GL Mike
need ta call dat twin thang and vent
ah yes! Cubanitas or the new would be fun places B4 a game.
Be the person you would be proud to tell your kids about.
Heavy Police Presence for L.I. Barricaded Man A heavy police presence is on the scene in Levittown, on Long Island, where there is a repo
tonight guys don't miss it!!!
Johnny is trying so hard not to laugh
I thought everyone knew what minesweeper was... at least anyone who has used Windows '95
Imagine having ANY contact in the Ent.Industry Register for a FREE secret seminar (SEATING IS LIMITED) Email :
Ordered 10 copies of my Altered Curiosities book-hoping to have some available at #ArtStarCraftBazaar this weekend!
Make a new you in the new year! Be what you want to be, and be happy!
Pizza and a beer at SoLo Pizza before the mustangs game!
I have very mixed feelings about religion. It can be a force for good and bad.
haha such a huge ego
Talk: "Out of Fashion" Conversation, Thurs, Jan. 19, 7pm, FREE. 3 NC artists presenting their views on the impact of fashion.
Self love, self respect, self worth: There's a reason they all start with "self" - you can't find them in anyone else.
The NYLA Conference hashtag will be
Hell yeah Washington DC with
Outside is Freakkin Nice! GoD keep pouring ur blessings!
Thank you, , for creating a space in time for the #LookGoodDoGood crowd to shine and share their passions!
RT : "A #College program is supposed to get (people) a job, we want it to get them a job" Carnevale on
Woke up singing "I need a Hitta, Dread Head Drilla" lmao...can't get that out my head...Good Morning People!!
congrats, that's great! Will you post it?
"New Jersey is not the OLIVE Garden state"...works for multiple reasons
Merisah's tomorrow, Dylans thing Saturday morning, Celeste's Saturday afternoon, Dylan's AGAIN Saturday night. One more week 'till Summer. ♥
no it was in "Man of the House" in which he played a Texas Ranger protecting a group of cheerleaders who witness a murder.
Considering an interactive touchscreen as a sales tool? Leverage it as part of your "go green" messaging; reduce preprinted brochures!
Glad to have you! See you Tuesday? RT : Proud to be a gonna see about making it to the reserve game next week.
any good?
TLR4LYF! Thanks. I was wondering what to get on my new Louisiana license plate!
Following on #instagram! Follow me @ mysquanda
“: Ron Artest shouted out his hood? Lmao I'm dead”
Thank you !
RT : Agreed! RT : A5. If a tool doesnt provide a clear solution for your problem, dont use it. #Sobcon Agreed!
I can be selfish your so impatient sometimes I feel like Marilyn Monroe I'm insecure ya I make mistakes sometimes
Straight guys like me find treatment of others like this offensive...
giving my dog a bath is the biggest struggle
Find a reason to make her/him laugh. But never with sexist jokes. They will come back to haunt you.
WHAAAA?!!! Can't believe you're up at 7:30 on a SATURDAY, at that!
me too. I havent listened to any other tracks yet.
#Boston Worst TOP 3! 1. #MBTA Go Fare Hike yourself! 2. RUDE. 3. #CEO brings SWORD to work to scare employee on #job!
Now following ;; follow back ,.!
Your prayers worked last time, so I need you to pray just as hard one more time for me! Again, I need truth, favor and mercy today.
I love the fact that my preacher is a tweeting machine
Good morning Dear friends. Have a great holidays.
follow back and dm me
22- Shaw Middle School
yo i heard the records them joints was pretty str8, how long u been producing
Have you guys seen #graffiti in foreign letters, like #Japanese #Korean or #Greek or #Russian ? I can't find any, which sucks
“Thank you, Academy, for putting me with the hottest guy in the room.”-Octavia Spencer, after winning the Oscar for best supporting actress.
"A home without tea is merely a house."
Happy Cinco de Mayo to you also!
trying to keep busy. still looking for a job. i dont do bored well.
wait..I might be able to put my mimobot on a broadway stage (ya I have that kind of magic)
I knew a guy who blogged about hating being married...He had to quit. Ran out material when his wife divorced him. :-)
happy bday boss keep bossing these cats
Yay! Excited! Can we meet a little earlier? I have a 2pm meeting and I know the line can get a little long...
Sorry for the late reply -- yes, it's at Wurzbach and I-10, and near the house of Ybarra's friend where they were hanging out.
A VERY small person(it looks like a Talapia on that test run)
In 2-3 yrs bringing Tee home from USCw would look like huge get for Vols, I.e. Jay Graham. Bringing him from UK not so much. I like it.
when i was up there, NStar was always in the same areas as the blackout at night. must never have been really fixed.
luda just crushed Drake and Big Sean on BADA-BOOM!!!!
I think I would have had more fun at the frat party. :-(
when I was a kid, neighbor's cat used to sneak into our house and hide in closets. It was very weird.
MUST★☆Follow Congrats on the wedded bliss!!!
Creating a list of Best Practices for LibGuides
How did I not win the MM jackpot?
been workin non stop since 6 am, bout to take me a dam break
this white guy is fine as hell.. lmao I don't even like white guys lol
I've eaten more vegetables and legumes in the last week than I have in the rest of my life combined.
Feeling blah...need some maryjane
Mosquitoes refuse to bite out of respect. They refuse to bite out of fear of alcohol poisoning
i wish kate upton was following me
Order sent to Ethan in MI!
FCMI Board of Directors and Executive Staff Would Like To Thank & For Donating To Our Mission. You guys ROCK!!!!
would lose to me in a fight
The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts!
it's raining in socal. I'm going to try to use that as an excuse to clean out my inbox...
Let's learn some Japanese! "Bakku-shan: A beautiful girl... as long as she's being viewed from behind."
should've never moved my room downstairs, never make it down safely
Docs boy is cold blooded
JFK <= LGA in general, its farther away, so traffic is a factor. its also much larger so it suffers congestion
Your friend finding out at 2am that they're moving to Vietnam
And the "it's still ok" thumbs up after we didn't win!
Thank you!!!!
but Trivium was playing with them, i had to go.
CORPORATIONS ARE PEOPLE TOO ! << We'll believe that as soon as Texas executes one.
lets go to the concert
Good Morning Ms. Ruffin
Popluar aint being a bitch!!! Popular is when you no everyone you can try to be nice to everyone and your just not a bitch!!
Love when people fall asleep on me
First night sleeping alone in a very long time
I kinda lost your numero, again.
Dear , thanks for a fabulous bloody mornin!
Lol. I do. I just love you too much. :p
It would be my pleasure. RT : alright whooos gonna undress me
Samuel Moore needs to broaden his horizon and go beyond his stero typical rolls in Menace to Society & Tales in the hood.
wet is u fightin we all can get along
At my first #UKbaseball game! Hoping for a win vs the LSU Tigers!
either! i'll take all suggestions and narrow it down if i have to...
sweet. RT I live in Omaha
Fasten your seat belts kids... ALCL is taking off!!!
"I don't know " is a very honest statement (hopefully the beginning of a lesson)
u gunna sleep alone tonight? TOBY
ladies is pimps to gone brush ya shoulders off (jigga tone)
Welcome to Twitter! I"m a fan of your blog :)
Just wanted to let you know there are 3 days left to stop by PPSS. open 12-8 today :)
Start a revolution - encourage 5 people today
this is the type of fans now has .Boy he must be so proud
my pavlovian response to hearing any part of "my heart will go on" is to sob uncontrollably
You're welcome! Glad you could make it :)
I spray febreeze on ppl that stink on the train...
Happy Friday to you too!
just found my wireless headphones
(c) not just the $ value. Those who don't, it's just another day of the year, so don't stress or depress yourselves. Enjoy those you have:)
Paul McCartney wrote Hey Jude to help comfort Julian Lennon during his parents' divorce.
chaaa! Im pretty excited.
#ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies trip over people and spill our popcorn.
Just scored 2 tix to see Cirque Du Soleil's "Banana Shpeel" for the price of a single banana! Bring a banana, get 2 tix! Schweet!
Thanks for dining with us and checking in on ! How was everything?
Are you coming bk to Atlanta? does anyone want to guess where NMAAHC will host its next Save Our African American Treasures program?
yes indeed! The Starbucks on Alameda gets lots of equestrian folks too.
why are you letting someone with a conflict of interest comment on this fight? Lampley is so biased. Go Marquez!
TONIGHT...it's Brass-A-Wednesdays at The 12 Bar!! It's a Wednesday night tradition...show begins at 9:30p!
and where is kj
i love thunderstorms! :) now all i need is someone to cuddle
Happy Birthday!!
RT To the Mom breastfeeding her 4 year old on Time Magazine:Get the kid a fork, and some solid food. He's starting school soon! OMG
Watching the wind blow
i should go to sleep right now with school and all tomorrow but who cares????! hahaha but seriously need some needed sleep goodnight world!
Since I've got you on the line... Any insider information on Manning coming the the Seahawks?? You have any thoughts on this?
12 NYVS singers performed the finale of #Beethoven's9th with the Bklyn Philharmonic on David Letterman's show. Each singer was miked!
As a native Texan, I sadly consider the forfeiting my Cowboy patronage if they continue in this fashion another year.
is that a good thing? Haha
For the 5 follows I have who are all #Islanders fans... They need to clean house! Sorry Garth!
Starting our edit for the reel challenge. Hope we make the deadline!!
#NW #WelcomeToSweetiePies on #OWN - Did Tim just really knock the ish out of his nephew? I thought I was buggin!
(Via ) HELL YES. -We're ROBOTECH newbies here.
Cleaning my contacts, I think I don't need to wait until I graduate. Rather do it now
not even a little bit. aLOT
thx for understanding my addiction...or enabling it! #turkeychutney rules!
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority. ~ Kenneth Blanchard
I just knew Montero would go yard.
I love how everyone has given up and gone back to calling him Ron Artest now that he has hit someone again.
Lovely running into and at last night!
At the Vista Theatre for the #DarkShadows premiere party.
dear person behind us, stop being an ass. Love, Jess, Libby, and Lauren :)
Lol RT : My lil brother turns 18 tomorrow !! ^_^ I can't take it my baby growing up .
Do you have an event and need entertainment that is unique? Hire a Buffette! We'll make the crowd shine!
Happy Mothers Day everyone!!!!
I RT'd some of #Hov hottest lines now check out some of mine
Oh, you're getting raped, child.
Feeling pretty down.
thanks for the shoutout dude!
Now that its just me ..I can see so clearly
guess u didnt catch the feed...not good
Down to the wire on time left to finish the paper that I have had 3 weeks to do. Haven't written a single sentence. #PressureMakesUs Ha.
My best advice is to stay flexible.
"What You Get When You Hook Up With The Power Company: Crappy #energy consuming buildings."
For more information on #Socialimpact please visit our site at www.socialimpactinc.org
Alyanna to damn picky!.
“: When you know you're being annoying but you don't give a f^ck because you're finding yourself too hilarious.”
Jermaine Paul winning #thevoice season 2 brought me too tears, honest to god. I love that guy! <33333 Congrats
Somebody must have told #Brewers Estrada he had a perfect game when the 4th inning started. Because he's been anything but since then.
dear karrington, what time is the fm june 2 and are all of the dances posted? Im kinda Illiterate on everything right now
Eating sunflower seeds c;
< out for yours to make sure your profile pic doesn't change to something gross. Apparently what showed up on mine was pretty bad &
It's gonna be so funny when I shave my head.
I need em bro
HOLY FUCK!! I just saw the app! Fuck! About losing the battle, but winning the war. So relevant! Are you in the same position?
5v3 for 15 seconds. Even more importantly, PK aficionado Scott Nichol is the one headed to the box.
Hi Todd. I'm writing a book about the making of The Other Side of the Wind for St. Martin's. Heard you might have been there.
RT : OMG. Crowd in gallery screaming "Shame on you. Shame on you." Admonished to be quiet.
Really?? when is the event? Whats the event about? Sounds exciting! and if Sara's going I wanna!
They started evacuating us out of Ribfest cause a storm. And it wasn't even bad. But got back in for free.
The problem with Seattle: when u walk down the hill to 1st ST...u eventually have to walk up the hill to hotel.
#BlackMamaQuotes understanding is the best thang in world!
Some blacks have outcast Tavist and Cornell bc of their attmpt to belittle our President! Donate proceeds from your book to poor
y cnt i be as pretty as u????
Dispatches from VR – I’m really being put off by Uncharted 3 right now. It doesn’t feel like a game but more like a interactive film.
Your Smash work is just awesome. BDJ & I go way back to NU. kudos & many >hat tips< Peace!
It's one of my favorite buildings. Always makes my wife and I giggle.
It was amazing! Let's Skype soon, yes?
Comic Sans does NOT belong in a textbook!!! Nor do typos!
I'm gonna do a #FF because it's the first Friday of 2012!
were going to die today! Yay for being sweaty messes.
im never on this why am i on this . facebook i go
Husband & I both went to law school & now live with his parents. So, yes, I relate.
Charger are only ones permitted to air/stream Seau’s memorial … really high class “OWNING” a memorial
I always keep up with the games even if I dont comment you had a long tiring day today and kicked some major butt !congrats!
Poised Creation is wrapping some great projects that will benefit our artists in the near future!
lmao no money goes for bills
Toby and I share a great deal of the same views on thing like the sound permit process. You can vote for both of us, btw!
#eli2012 blended - students like most convenience, least tech, less teaching time, lack of help, time consuming, poor time management
Silly bitch!!!!
Sometimes getting all that money gets u caught up in the moment
I promise you, life puts us in situations we don't want to be in. The true test is how you handle those situations. That's what separates us
We can't go nowhere but up, from here I fear. Tell me what I've got to lose? <3
95 yr old woman asked to remove her adult diaper by TSA officials. Mysterious spot seen on body scan turned out to be wet.
You may need more than that RT : Watching "The Interrupters" Its about the crime in the ghetto of Chicago. I need subtitles lmao
Amen! MT : Thursday's #Awake 1 of the best hrs of tv this season! Hope #Awake finds a new home for season 2.
It is amazing the way a person's life changes when they have hope in Christ!
okay but please dont get mad
I am texting with three different people right now. I feel very 26.
: so much love
Really are you serious your not alone I've told you this before just because I'm getting my shit together docent mean I'm not here for you !
All of us?
Neil: Interesting idea. Let's talk soon.
Thanks! And I will keep that topic you suggested in mind...I need to learn more about it myself before blogging about it. :-)
I'm done trying to help people. You think I'm a bitch already? Trust me, you haven't even seen a glimpse of the bitch I can truly be.
Loving the new Van Halen and Paul McCartney CDs! How's that for diversity?
Agreed. RT : Yes, and allow that debate to happen. Develop a relationship that is open about it & respectful.
Seen earlier. She wasn't driving 🙏🙌👏
OK, with some twiddles, I’m successfully scanning >99% of the lines in Iliad and Odyssey. 1.4% have multiple possible scans.
Who wants bacon? Bev Eggleston will be cooking some up at 12:15 pm at the DIY Salon on the farm field!
6 Quick Tips to Search Twitter Like an Expert
Ah the good old days!
#tcamp12 was great! Thanks for all your great work and would love to collaborate together on future projects with
LOOL i think you mean east :P
You must consciously claim ownership of your body, of all the cells in your body, so you can work with them to heal yourself.
Who is ready for a date?! Make your way to this Thursday! Also enjoy your $1 drink!
How can someone get hot in the lead off spot when the #Brewers use someone new every night!
Booked a small role on a big-studio-funded webseries!
FINALLY MY PARTNER IN CRIME HAS FOUND ME ON TWITTER!! :D
I liked some of them - the dog ones were trendy. I was expecting maybe a touch more. I wasn't in love/laughing hard at any. You?
Got a postcard in the mail for a new restaurant nearby. Name? Bad Sushi. Hm...they might want to rethink that one.
Sick as beatz by got me bout to paint a mean ass picture.
Moving offices today. Wish us luck!
is a wonderful social media tool, which allows an alternate way of connecting with your target market.
Singing opera for the first time in YEARS!!
lmaooo !! o thats what i like to hear ;-)
Last leg of journey. Transfer to #fairfaxcounty Connector bus. Have not waited more than 10 min between transfers
follow me and would make my day!
Totally, and thank god. Babysitters and the cost of movies are too much for a regular basis. Thank God for cable tv.
You know how much I love you! :)
It better rain again tonight cuz I slept god
OH my bad, I mixed up 9 and 8 I'll text u now.
Thanks for your support of RIF &
rocking #Best Buy in Times Square
Thanks Howard, appreciate your time tonight! Look forward to seeing you in Atlanta June 4/5 for some great fan interaction!
Let me hear something
In "acquaintances. " I put a lot of people in my circles
That's how it's supposed to be.... when we're young and wild and free....
RT : Think I'm going to go to for a little #Italian lunch. Yum
The Avengers is a badass movie
Today, I hope 1.) RE calls me back 2.) Today's conference calls go well 3.) I make it to Burbank on time for meeting 4.) I stop feeling sad
d(-__-)b im n my rock bag listening to Paramore_ThatsWhatYouGet... WOH!!
yeah, no one else is thinking that!
avocados and breakin, 2 of my favorite things! wish id been there to see it, im in taiwan, just ate some stinky tofu...
I was dissed for saying I was celebrating Chinese New Years by listening to C'mon Irene so know what ur sayin'
Happy Turkey Day!!! I'm thankful 4 everything and everyone thats in my life.
Come on Tyshawn! You don't take that shot at this point in the game with a lead! # kubball
Good friends bar w/sis, travis &
oh.... the bus... that why I don't ride in the morning. Most of them are fags!
wow! I just love that, it is a divine instrument
A Fan Asks: Where Have You Been Ben Curtis?
Hi Jen, thanks for following; have a fantastic Saturday afternoon.
Well now you know! From Prozac Nation misanthrope to high-powered attorney working for David Boies ;)
are these / commercials that show peoples tweets real? How old are their tweets? What's the point?
"It is most natural for preachers to sneer at the man who is "merely" good&emphasize the transcendental ...
Come visit us at the Pilsen Community Market, tomorrow morning starting at 9, 18th and Halsted Chicago Community Bank.
Our Midday playlis for today can be listened to after 1PM EDT via #spotify. We'll also upload it on Twitter!
Then David Stern did his best Joe Stalin imitation and destroyed a legitimate trade and destroyed a franchise with a loyal fan base.
my roommate thinks of tattoos for me. she goes, "i think, 'this is a cool idea,' but i couldn't pull it off. then i think 'mckenzie could!'"
We are 1 views away from 3000. Leave a comment a win a free Bullets Tee.
Yeah, pretty much.
DOOR TO THE KINGDOM OPEN AT 6:15p.m. AND SHOW STARTS AT 6:30p.m. ... OPEN TO ALL AGES AND BAR W/I.D. ... #TATTOOMUSIC LIVE
: we have to move beyond developing content for one platform.
if it wasnt 4 x factor would of never formed
Ahhhhahahahahhahaha!! i forgot about the pee corner!! No, I didn't find it...hint??
COME TO ARUBA!
You need to post a new video!!(: Maybe Cool Morning 3 with ??<33
did you create an open textbook?
you cut out a pretty important word in that RT, made it seem like I don't agree with them
All these niggas loving music I've liked or years now.... Don't know how I feel about that
That awkward moment when you think someone's about to apologize to you, but they demand an apology from you instead.
are you here in Seattle?
At Rangers game, and batter LITERALLY just swung and the BAT, not the ball, went flying. 1st time for everything!
How was it like performing in London??? :D
Camp on tuesday:)))) exited😜
I really do need to get me some LBF gear.
Searching for your glasses and then realizing that they were on your head the whole time! x__x SMH
Thanks for the #FF love. I hope to see you at the ballpark on April 5th.
show my phone some love, I lost your
what you e-mail
Why is Yes Dear still in syndication? Who is watching that show?
thank u nikki! :)
“: Worst airline! .... Only mistake is flying AA. Never again!”
Been troubleshooting a wonky file for the last 12 hours for her students' showcase today. Plans B, C, & D implemented!
Great illustration and I like that someone did a video of this. I use this sort of technique a lot.
you deserve whatever you want.
I gotta learn to keep my big mouth shut
I guess your happy you have better LUCK than i do?
Being on the phone all afternoon really makes the day go by fast. Whew!
good morning Artie xo
Henrik Lundqvist made the glove save on Ovechkin, but he did not have the easiest time corralling it. High glove side.
is a goof haha for saying he loves the cold q:
lol, Charlie feels the same way about Monday's. So cute.
Um.......oh. HI! We're on Instagram now! :D Follow us and we'll follow you! :)
Charlie Averkamp signed with the Grizzlies, they should be tough
I think animal testing is a terrible idea; they get all nervous and give the wrong answers.
Does anyone else find the giant oscar dudes creepy?
Hooray for Dave Dawson! He's our latest backer on Kickstarter. Thanks! kck.st/dsj5Yv
left his manners in the car with Jeff's mustache wax.
If you are serious about losing weight then Skinny Fiber is the product for you because it flat out works, the added bonus is that you can e
Thanks my bruh!
Are you enjoying your time in Missouri?! Miss seeing you! :)
I am impressed about how easy it is to "assemble" Social Media Monitoring Dashboards with new version of Presto
So cute! Great idea, thanks!!
Tweetdeck you're killing me today.
I dunno. Kelly out for the weekend. No bigs against unc. May be a tough out. RT : Go Duke!I
If your mine your mine iaint sharing you with no one else <3
ail's
Hi Lorraine, thanks for the follow. Looking forward to seeing you at #stage773 !
CAUTION: Studies show that reading can promote thought or speculation, and may even lead to dangerous ideas.
I'm already planning my tour outfit. I had an idea yesterday that blew my mind. Nail related.
Everybody in this lecture is sleep. People in here exercising to stay awake.
your tweets are great.(:
Why haven't I watched sooner? I think I love
Thanks for the RT!
Getting the inspiration as we type.. haha...
Always. RT : Faith will not instantly deliver but it will carry you through.
Blake & Barnes
Tweets is a really stupid word. Whatever
lol what are you lost with?
And thank you, Peggy for keeping up with, and posting important info! Have a great day.
Rip game proppa
OH God damn and I need to Bang on that pussy Queen curly x)... PRINCE WOLFE FLUFFAY
Erin Manning: we must continuously reproduce the processual.
aha...she really could..too bad she's like 20...
Have you talked to me today, I'm an insane person.
Illustrators: favorite red/blue sketching pencil? Go…
Don't spend it all in one place.
That is rather awkward
RT": Having to swallow your pride is the worst"<--Lions don't seem to mind..
I fully expect a reunion to occur!
ahahahahaha i'm planning your death in my head ☺
Inspiring hearing talking about worldwide #climate movement creating unlikely environmentalists organizing 4 political action
The Barbasol commercial on NBC Sports was quite possibly the worst commercial I've ever seen.
Aha too bad c:<
Bout to go to LA Fitness with my crew.
Hope my followers understand . .
I SWEAR I'm going to plant basil in place of grass this year!(I would if I knew 200% the darn voles wouldn't eat it!) :-)
I just want a window office so I can feel the sun.....#whyisit40degressinhere?
#shedidntcallyoubecause she wanted you to call first, or shes mad at you, or shes just busy .
Procrastination nation
i dont see how i was so serious all i said was what do u mean, gurrrrl dont make a nigga get hyphy
Sake...Jella...Stake...k they don't need a couple name...haha
For the record the waiter said 'No single person can eat that - or shouldn't. It comes w a side of insulin.'
Sittin next to , tweeting him, takin notes, on my Twitter, not caring, AT THE SAME DAMN TIMEE
I am thinking it is & thanks for responding.
Who thinks I could be a good model? -_-
awesome!! tomorrow's #chichat is right up our alley
#Riseandwine tweethearts! the weekend is in sight!
Gates is going to punch the NCAA in the face.
Life is long, keep moving ahead, #nevergiveup; remove negative #attitude in life, learn from setbacks as you plow to victory. SeanLetwat
The person has two and I'm like you should let me borrow one. lol
Extra credit. (;
that's good!
that would still put them solidly ahead of Morris Claiborne. #2+2=jello
Sorry UNC-A, we were ALL gunning for ya.
Not an acceptable response.
hahaha are you gonna get in on this too?
Did I miss something? Is today not Saturday?
I will once I get my interview!
Let me know when you find out!
Damn this head ache though <<<<
Today is National Fire Drill Day. Do you know what to do in case of a fire?
That's how my day was, too.
ok this is weird and im dariel :D nice to meet you :D
i see you
Rain? I Think Yes, Why Not?
Goes to show that manly men wear pea coats!
Finally new Thank you !
Every time I pass Hunan Tasty Chinese restaurant, I read the sign as Human Tasty
So much shit to do. Sat down for one sec, started watching Something Like a Business and now I'm glued to this hilarity!
New topic - Two adorable shots - OM-D and 12-50
Does anyone have a Columbia cap and gown I could borrow? Don't ask. I'm dumb. Please message me ASAP.
Run, just as fast as i can. To the middle of nowhere. To the middle of my frustrated fears.
Pretty girls 👏👏
Ma nigga DMX is a cool ass real nigga str8 up it went excellent
Ok Sun, I rationalized your absence yesterday! It's time to come back out! We miss you!
Nice casual run this AM out on the Crescent trail, thanks to Ron, Ben, Jeanne, Kevin and Chloe for making it fun! Join us next time!
THAT'S OBVIOUS. I AM SO SORRY
bored at work? Consider recording a video for show us one thing you do everyday. Join this
RT : RT : News of budget talks got you down. Then check out #govtshutdownpickuplines Some are so bad they're funny.
I can't stay awake all the way till 11. Good night. Thank you God for the DVR creator.
I just had a nightmare about Banquet week.. Banquet week is this week.
Thanks Tony...
I've always loved that quote abut the Air Force Bombers. Any 1 of which could fund entire 100 #DCtheatre seasons.
Will this go into effect for the April primary and November general election? Is there anything we can do to stop it?
let's just say that "#GeorgeClooney" may or may not somehow be invovled in our #5DayDoc Challenge film...
Along with Cathy Powell, panelists include and
“: “ machine is spelled wrong Bert. Машина.” // I want the misspelled one. Worth more when u finally get famous
chris is great too :)
First & last time, ha! Thanks Lorenzo!
Your dog won't stop licking my ankles, so that's a little weird, but I get it though. Delicious ankles run in my family.
It's so fucking beautiful to be alive!
Some people (who will remain nameless) do not appreciate eddie money.
I have him every once in a while.... But his razor breaks to easily .. he has a very hairy mustache
LY: At this point, have to quickly mention that NYLA-NMRT newsletter will be delayed. It shall be a Summer/Fall newsletter at this point!
thanks! Are u from Detroit?
I write on all the desks at school,then the cleaners take it off and im like THE FUCK MAN
Thanks for the RT, Derek! Hope you check it out!
Another day in the cities and by myself writing at Perkins on a Friday night.... Life has drastically changed since writing!
Would you ever follow me?AskRyan ????????????
my phone has a spirit of sorts in it. keeps doing things on its own
Do not despise the bottom rungs in the ascent to greatness.
In search of a graphic designer to create a logo for If All Else Fails Productions.
Who's your team this year?
Finally made it to San Marcos! Hope to see and at graduation!
Sturdivant: You will find a lot of resistance to funding something new. Leadership is necessary to overcome barriers.
An ambulance is probably pulling up to green valley ranch casino where my dad bet the house on the Spurs.
Ever have that feeling of not sleeping for days? This is one of them.....
We could've had it al a-al
" i'll kill you if i find out you watching some other movies BITCH!!"
Happy belated birthday! Thanks for spending it with us.
Happy Graduation all my lovely new High Schoolers!!!! I love you all so much! xx
: FRIDAY is finally HERE we r having $2 everything from 10 to midnight and the patio is open. Who's coming.
Hugs! Enjoy your #Monday! RT Thanks for the mention Gramma Kaye!!! HUGS!!!
This shouldn't have made me laugh as much as it did. Well played.
One of many reasons why I'm unlikely to be POTUS: temptation to order overdetermined scenario for Humber to pitch 27 straight outs vs. USSR.
All I can really hope for is for fourth block to go by quickly since ive already seen her. T.T
Just once, I would like to wake up, turn on the news, and hear...'Monday has been canceled, go back to sleep.'
really? Little boy?!
"Look in there, the Hope Diamond's in there!" --nut pointing at a box in an alley, Seattle
Flowers must fascinate insects, and books must fascinate readers, in order to survive.
RIP Junior Seau
GOO MORNING !!!!
Know all the words to #SAYSOMETHIN after listening to in 30 times omgg it's AMAZING<3
Be great if you could make it to the #ChocoTweetup this weekend.
Fuck these hoes with a passion.
Now following
There's something almost godlike about watching your "creations" step out of your cab....
not too much, trying to work as little as possible. -zach.
I think it's time for bed, im so tired. -_- GOODNIGHT.
Holy shit. I need sleep. Ugh..
A way to spend more time on Reddit? Sounds disastrous. ;)
I hate guys that perp...like you still won't yo ex stop playing.
i love you like a love song baby
but: boo Virginia
So "hope and change" was a silly slogan, but "we believe" is not????
you inspire us though your MUSIC
Do you want your teeth to be ten shades lighter in just one hour? LASER whitening is your best option. Call 619.497.6453 for more details
ah yay!!!!! I'll be home Thursday night! Let's go out this weekend or do something next week please
Shout out to all the artists in Orlando Florida makin moves!
“: YOU HATE ON BRITNEY YOU WILL GET SHIT” leave Neil ALONE!! WAAAAH!!!!
-.- this is getting ridiculous.
Missing my !
thanks for the follow make sure to check us out sat in action vs the Virginia storm the Capital City Cowboys CWO
any time! I'm off to bed as well haha
We had the ticket prices wrong. They are $30 not $35. Share The Welt tour with , all that remains, rev theory, and hatebreed!
they lost by like 6 or 8 :( made a good run tho!
Quoting Drake >
ha nice, well hmu if your gonna stay up bc im sure ill be up
Congrats Martini principal, , on your raffle prize!! It better be something awesome!
No joke... Netflix is giving me a four and a half star recommendation for the My Little Pony television series. I feel creepy.
I accepted! XD
Dow down 500, up 400, down 500, up 400. Something isn't passing the smell test. This cat is employing a Hold strategy for awhile
#fact RT ✋RT : You ever seen two crack heads in love? ...It's the most beautiful thing I ever seen. 😢
Shoutouts for shoutouts? I really wanna get to 100 followers?(:
do you know of any site streaming the game today?
Love being able to work and spending time with my bf at the same time!
George W Bush is not happy about Barack Obama getting credit for Bin Laden. He feels Obama is misoverestimated.
We are the 99%
RT : You are a leader. How you lead is up to you.
I have to pee so badly WHY IS THERE TRAFFIC?!
Any wonderful thoughts to share this St Patrick's day for our parade fans?
[2] ... an Israeli Jewish Palestinian rights activist, was shot & killed by 5 masked Palestinians outside the theater he founded in Jenin.
Lunch Special - Chicken Parmesana - Lightly breaded with Mozzarella & Parmesan, Marinara on bed of Pasta & Garlic Bread.
I sometimes wish I could just drive away and never look back
Lets go Yankees!
Ok the list is finished...just not revealing it yet. Look for more announcements of new things between Christmas Eve & New Years Day!
“: Happy Bday Round enjoy ya day!!!! Love ya lots *muah*” Thanks Good Look Come Down Peanuts Tonight
Regent Larson needs to know how many star faculty have been lured away: benefits AND salary are both part of package.
WOW...1.5% turnover at Ethan Allen. Says a great deal about their culture!
Portland wants Goran
would like to chat with u about this. Pls call my office 5035129037 and Sandra can set up a time for us to meet.
Barney Frank at Ford Hall Forum: When gays talk about sexuality it's called coming out,when straight people do, it's called talking.
idk my mom wont tell me but its close to my city is all i know<3
consider me for the grand jury implementation commitee?
OMg tumblr why do you have to be so stupid right now.
Good morning :)
HUGE thx to all the incredible speakers and audience members #nwsocial. Shout out to
At the WI .Net User Group meeting at Northwoods Software.
depends, what did your editor think?
Down bottom be the team
I got joy deep down in my soul and in 2012 I ain't got let nobody steal it
Busy night of political events. meeting & #Ward3Dems forum. Looking forward 2 seeing and others
the people behind the ih8bitches blog have no life -_-
Returning to fitness with beer as my witness, to Miller 64!
yeah. It was pretty disgusting. I have lots to tell you.
Oh give him a break. The state of Ohio hasn't had a chance to root for much when it comes to #NFL. LOL
Its not worthwhile changing for anyone, if they dont like u then its their problem not yours. Accept who u are
RT : Like 's official facebook page << She's 's hair stylist xoxoxo
Well so much for my last tweet.
Baked potato skins sounds too good right now
Thanks :D
AstraZeneca PLC - Transaction in Own Shares
Happy Friday #FF to you! Good plans for the weekend?
The first half of today reminded me why I love my job. The second half reminded me that I don't love all of it.
so true! but i will never understand the STAR tattoo. Your profile pic is sexy enough on twitter
sell me your watch!
SO i heard!! Damn lmao ima finna kill this nigga next week
This sucks we cnt go to hollywood we r some where where there is purple stoplights
Random lady on the court for #Lakers and #Nuggets. Sure why not. She looked a little confused and intoxicated to me.
"May we long share our odd, inanimate feast,/ And meet at last on the Cloudy River of the sky." ~ Li Bai via Arthur Waley
idk what MIA is BUT I MISS YOU TOO
The old ass man tried to talk to me yesterday lik really nigga you old enough to be my daddy
I have the weirdest friends we laugh at the weirdest things do the stupidest things and have fun
Oo what movie?
Thank YOU! Glad you dig it! RT Thanks for the follow cool website
nope. It's how my nephew says vanilla. This week we are debuting banana cream pie with mills wafers
Off to nj
Enjoyed spending time with my daughter...
I know! Lol!
Dinner at #bratfest tonight. M brats!
It is beautiful. Thanks for the suggestion.
: Odds are, as a true salsero, you will be disappointed anywhere, any night, out there!
stop hyper-romanticizing things with the opposite sex, and romanticize normal life things instead.
They say dimonds are the hardest substance in the world , obviously they haven't seen my dick .
good night!
alright Wednesday right?
He's just quoting Deep Thoughts.
You know what is going to make #Boston angry? Once #MBTA fare hike goes into effect in July 2012 all MBTA employees get a raise. Thx
WHO WAS THAT THAT CALLED ME BECUASE IM ALMOST POSITIVE THAT THAT WASENT IT SOUNDED NOTHING LIKE HER
is there a difference between all the CSI's?
Fighting over who gets what side of the bed when comes over.
very kind! Thanks!
Alex Smith in Miami visiting with the Dolphins today.
Get wisdom - its's worth more than money; choose insight over income every time ..
#Heat baby
Bet is well jelly of me. Eating my 3rd pack of skittles in 2 days ;)
Hazy showed up!
Hg Middle keeps telling me they are handling the bullying.Well Gabe was beaten up today ruptured ear drum, multiple contusions&a bloody nose
stopped is spelled w 2 ps, but yes that was a pretty absurd interview
I just finished a 3.25 mi run with a time of 27:56 with Nike+ GPS.
Rest in peace #stevejobs. Insane.
Got any foil or plastic wrap?
My daughter got a $2k unexpected scholarship from Presby Charlotte from doing same; <3 them. Just find a specialty w/hope.
My day became AMAZING half an hour ago now the boyz back on ABDC, so much better <33
/mad scientist...fitting RT : you look like a pedophile with that mustache. Please shave
silly ass but u love it
remember when UNC won today?
THRILLED with the multiple Discovery flyovers! What a morning!
I always slept with all my stuffed animals so they wouldn't get offended.
Having lunch with my old college boyfriend today. I have to look GOOD!. Show him what he's missing... lol So glad that didn't work out.
try! But did you hear that they might be cancelling it? uh oh
gaming is out of this world, going out now.
Honestly, my bro has anger issues. That mf be Ragin at me Fuh no good reason.
Previewing ART on Friday evening Feb 10th. Suggested donation of $5. Limited seating. Email if interested.
excited for this weekend! can't wait to see everyone on stage at Revolution
Thanks for the New Years wishes! Happy New Year!
RT : I've still got two tickets for tonights Union game.Don't want to see them go to waste, but it looks like they might.
hey why can't u be followed April
I never took any classes there! I wish I had!
haha we know everything about sushi delivery! Let me know when you're ready for your 1st order- I'll send you a discount code!
I'm in love with after watching the #UMFTV Couldn't believe the Dexter theme!
Haters gonna hate
Just finished that test in #psychology. I BS'd it but think I did pretty good!
So tired today....... got like 5 hours of sleep
I would write you a million love songs just to hear you sing <3
this is as late as I'm staying up on a school night.... Feel better and hopefully make it through...
Come out to Dobbs in Philly tonight for Acey Slade's Bday Bash...we go on at 8:30-early!!!
Cheery is the perfect word!
I know I know. I'm workin on it
#WeWontWork if your always accusing . Askin' all them questions n' shit .
any luck with an ID? I almost had something going but they guy backed out... haha
Tomorrow I have to wake up early to get an ultrasound on my arm. I sure hope there's not a baby in there.
Gin face tonight
I see LMS on #Facebook at least 50 times a day... and I'm only on for a minute or two DAILY.
very nice dude!!
obviously lol... im doing my hw right now .
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger! <3
Dance therapy
#20thingsaboutme I'm a night owl(:
Same here! Glad to connect with you
Such an easy concept! : Important #Marketing Concept: treat your customers well, love them and find a way to make them happy!
Is it geographically possible for everyone in Australia to live near the ocean? Or at least, every Australian on Instagram?
Tweetdeck has an option to update to google f**king BUZZ?? Isn't this service maintained by twitter now? Where's the g+?
Uh-oh! Most of the gay guys I know are bald. Are they really powerless???
and there's no easy way to get key? if you know tell me or can you give me invite?
#NP "Too Tough to Die" By The Ramones
I am not always so great with Twitter. just saw your from mid Dec hahah
Orlando vs Steak- 72oz Steak Eating Tips: Cut the steak into smaller chunks and methodically consume each one. This may be a mental strategy
Congrats to and for making 20 best beer bars. I couldn't agree more.
Good Morning! What a beautiful day to have a Cowboys and Pizza Party! The Pizzas are going to be delicious and the Cowboys are going to win!
Haha. I bought the stuff I like! And I wanna buy more! I wish I live in Oahu!! Lol. And their water park are Awesome!! :))
thank you :)
hell yeah that's whats up
What's your preference of juice, all PG, or what level PG/VG combo do you prefer?
DELL Corporate: "Our thoughts and prayers go to the Jobs family and to the Apple team"
Airport, Play time!
LOL But for real.
I just asked myself the same thing.
I wish San Diego had Physique 57 or Soul Cycle
TRAFFIC ALERT: Injury crash WB Beltline near Fish Hatchery Road. Use caution in the area.
me and my looser beasted on mortal kombat today & also duke nukem. hell yes. funn day >;)
Chinese people feel what, like 60% of regular people emotions?
LOL yeah I understand. You know what's helped me? Dating 20-somethings lol
Vashon is great, coming home to the peaceful water everyday is so good for the mind. And the water taxi is kickass.
"can i be usher?"
I aint suppose to understand that
TSOI-NY awaiting hurricane asault at local watering hole drinking Brooklyn Lager. Situation stable. More reporting to follow.
Are you ready to divorce your pain and marry your purpose?
APB: Social Media Bootcamp guest speaker presenter types that haven't yet please check in w/ email & subject: Social Media Bootcamp Rockford
-- traces of a dream / a butterfly / through a flower field #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
I wish my besty was talking to me so I can tell her the good news. :(
I can't stress that line enough.
Back to back mechanical errors on flights! Let's go - upgrade your fleet already!
me too!
hopefully there are way more of us out there then there are of them, although here in the South it's a little questionable.
when is the next food truck gathering?
im still heated like who calls u to come to work on both ur days off!! #DntTheyGetit i dnt come in on my days off!!
not yet, thanks for liking the page! Stick with us and we'll be choosing the winner soon!
Feelings are meant to be Expressed not played with or taking advantage of
I agree Cynthia, fight for your man! Everybody has ups and downs.
The start of another Orioles baseball season.. what should we expect this year?
We're staying at the Georgia Center- checking in now!
I love it so far. Production is top notch as always with originality and solid percussion. Classic And I'm just on #6 LOL
so what the bros tryna do
rings all too true
Every four years we get the added day of February 29th. How are you going to make this extra day count?
I love pumpkin! Especially pumpkin chocolate chip cookies. I make delicious pumpkin granola bars if I do say so myself :)
that principle -- of Constitution's supremacy over treaty -- is not questioned there.
Thanks for the RT!!!
movie date!
Back in Austin. Had a great week at #AFM met great folks and got good exposure for the Red, Black, and Blonde! Till next year Santa Monica!
Gary what up!
Life is good!
See you there
burned by
"If you want this, if you want bling bling, if you wanna buy the Jets...WORK. That's how you get it." - One of my favorite quotes
glad you guys had an opportunity to visit
Let's all tweet about all this rain that we've obviously never had before!!!!
#WiseWordsToLiveBy A fine beer may be judged with only one sip, but it's better to be thoroughly sure!
Ok, a little survey...what was the worst trend of 2011 (music, clothes, movies, phrases, celebs etc.) ?
bahahaha omg my moms walking around saying hi kevin
Those still exist?! no,not since college. But i'm spoiled w/nice weather yr round, so i take mini breaks when i can
Who still uses Second Life? Last time I was there (two years ago) it was full of pervs and bots.
that will be one quiet room.
Drink more water today. Will give you more energy. Drink with a silly straw and be able to get rid of reading glasses, better sex, potty tra
Syracuse with the offensive flurry and come up with a goal. Bulls down 1-0 to Syracuse
Thank you! I've been trying to figure it out! :o
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
He was then, I am now; She was then and YOU are now . That's all that matters .
Not having in math is fucking gay!
This rose stinks,
Ambition knows no sunset
True feelings can sometimes be the most difficult to express.
so, a nice splash of spicy pepper sauce?
Thank you! Glad you like :)
WOH...when did I start following you???
follow back ? :)
I hate waiting at the barber shop
Its 80 degrees in Boston! Come soak up the sun at Tia's... Let us know what your favorite summer cocktail is...
i think my pink dress
All Part of a healthy breakfast.
didn't see anything come through yet… let me re-look.
“I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.” ― Michael Jordan Get in here and train!
Made me wonder what are people remembering you by? If it read "So&so pulled a [insert your name here]" what would people think that meant?
clears up the whole Kim Jong-Il 11 holes in one myth in the new Golf Magazine. It was only 5 aces!
And my 36 hours of hell begin now
When I get to Seattle I'm going to spend a week alone in the woods and when I return I will have hopefully learned something profound
maybe if u stopped talking and started working u would actually get somewhere...
The #RookieDebut is packed with past, present and future NFL players -- it is an honor to be hosting such an amazing group!
These headaches tho :/
tell I said hello!
june 23-25 the bilingual one, what about you ?
and so do I. Except for BVB, I've seen everyone on your list at least once :)
oh so did you go see the boyz
Detention after school for chewing GUM.. lmfao
is looking for .Net Developers, UI Designers, UI Developers, Core Java Developers and Front-End Web Developers - NJ and NYC
What was the last TV show you watched?
thanks pal! see you saturday after next? haven't bought tickets yet but i'll be there.
Early morning victories, big or small, set your day up for success. Go make a couple of victories for yourself first thing in the morning.
Did you know the #Rivoli first opened on September 15, 1927 and was the first Universal Studios Theatre in Indiana?
boy or girl doggie? What kind?
Why did the skunk buy four boxes of tissues?Because he had a stinking cold!
aw. I have to say it no longer thrills me. Making dough in the Hobart thrills me though.
I wonder if Austin will ever come to Dallas,Tx it's only 4hrs away from San Antonio,Tx :)
why would she need one? Big daddy gummint gone take care of everything...
This week's performances: Thursday at Enlighten (Seattle, WA) - 8pm Sunday at C & P (West Seattle, WA) - 3pm
I pray I get red bottoms for my birthday #pleasemom❤
Framingham joins effort to overturn Citizens United decision
woo hoo! sweet man. just seein when you were available to hang. i only have school mon & thur so im down especially on tue & wed
Good morning Shane!.. Have a great day!
I'm mad that has a lot of followers ):
Thanks for the RT! How's it going? You ready for a long weekend?
cheese right?
Wow!!!! Bill Cunningham fried today Precious is jealous of her stripping bf hahaha hell naw
It just dawned on me that when I conduct presentations, I say "But um" as filler. Must. Fix. Pullin' a
Hey ACC! Follow for updates on #ACCBattleOfTheBands!
"Pay no mind to those who talk about you behind your back. It simply means you are 2 steps ahead of them."
"And the there was 2"
Congrats to my friends Summor and Mike Beach on their new beautiful baby boy, Conley! Love y'all!
Hey Angie thanks for following :) If you have a sec later check out my music if you'd like to laugh :)
Happy Fourth of July!
Bauerlein says average teen sends 3,500 texts/month. What?!
mob wives yes
This is a mean, f*****g cruel world & I want my nappy & medication right now!
According to my prof, my name is either Josh or Jesse. I guess that's a step up from being called Juan.
Just tapped #Rahr Winter Warmer !!!
One day you are going to miss her chasing you, you're going to miss her annoyingness, & you're going to miss how much she cared.
When someone leaves you, you learn to be more independent.
is that "Don't screw up Nolan", or "Don't screw up, Nolan"? Big difference.
#YouWereCuteUntil you burped & farted! -.-
Will definitely be stopping by the #linkedinchat! I am excited to learn more about it!
is a great client. I get the good people.
