So what did the dumbass... I mean, Borg say?
We just got in Chrome Canister Style Fuel Filters in our actual walk in store. Just $4.00 each. And Glass Fual filters just $7.00.
My girlfeiend is 6 weeks pregent i am proud to be a new daddy..i also got a 14 year old son..
6 hours and 12 pages of work later, I still got the problem wrong
San Diego Hunger Coalition Connecting Local Farmers to Schools
awww thank you (:
Boys always downgrade to the trash
#NF the beautiful She has GREAT pics.
Just checked in-gotta see if anyone noticed Russell's new mustache...barely see it!
I wanna meet now :) I just wanna talk to him, hug him and I want him to tell me, that everything will be okay ..
Happy Paczki Day
Getting naked and masturbating in public is a pretty normal Wednesday night for most people in PB
wow that's sad. Nice pic btw.
S/o to the only person who puts up with my nonsense and still loves me 💛💛💛 8/31/11 #cheesytweet #iloveyou 😊
Nicely played AJ
I thought we were too weird??
Hehehe... Freshman formal's comin' up... ASKIN' HIM TO THAT OKAY.
- then I'm in! U got extra sleeping bag?
'Relationships' that last less than a year are not relationships. They are merely persisting flings or romances if you will.
“: In Oklahoma, it's actually illegal to take a bite out of another person's hamburger.” Especially if it's a Braum's hamburger!
Also, I'll have you know I typed that off the top of my head, before coffee.
are you a parking ticket? Cause you got fine written ALL over you;)
Not caring (:
Lurking Larry.
Get tested, STAY POSITIVE!
#WOTD: Who would you cast to play the band members in Wilco (The Movie)?
Helping my mom in her 3rd-grade classroom today. Its been 1.5 hours and I'm already exhausted. God bless #teachers!
Hope you had good meeting Jeff. Their "Cost of Freedom App" seems to be doing good.
The good part about learning at the last minute my conference trip won't be funded is that I suddenly have four or five unscheduled days.
87 cappers with their plays posted Sunday with Consensus in the NBA on Knicks.Houston a& College Stanford.. See ya at the Window
David Rockwell's mom started a community theater and David built sets and acted in all the plays
RT appreciated OG! <---Oh & download my nephew 's new mixtape "Twenty-One". Ya'll will agree, kid is NICETY!
Deep breaths then back in the game. Getting humans to change bad behavior can lead the instigator to pick up bad habits at the local bar.
GAB won't certify primary until Friday, but some clerks already have mailed put absentee ballots.
that's not good for the baby miss thang!!!!
what would your cell block be named? what's your genre?
- Just spotted your tweet about Contador. Bummer. (Thanks for the follow. Look forward to more of your tweets!)
true...but shouldn't we learn from the mistakes of the past?
Also, do you know what uses to create the caricatures?
The good old days are happening right now.
When setting your Easter table, don't forget Root candles, America's best candle comes in a variety of colors and styles @ BullFish!
She don't care
Sending love to LMNS Giveaway Sponsors GL Accessories
my fault , been out the way lately, over Texas, phone been in the quiet bag since I left
I took my twitter break but now back to last 30 pages of revision to call it a night. Thanks for chiming in and stuff! :D
HOLY SHIT!!! I'M GAINING SO MANY FOLLOWERS ALL I DID WAS Blah Blah Blah I get so sick of reading that shit everytime I log on..
The super bowl? 0. Kind sir : What are my chances of winning?
I only see West coast cities.
LOOKING FOR PITTSBURGH ARTIST'S WHO WOULD LIKE TO PERFORM BAR THE 17TH OF MARCH $150 FOR 30 TICKET'S U SELL $10 A PIECE HMU 4 DETAILS
Thanks for the #FF!!
Perry had a 54 second brain fart, Obama has had one that's lasted 3 years!
Thank lord for coffee.
Why are normal human beings asleep around 2am? I'm wide awake and bored. waa
how can i get a flyer any way to mail em out?
All kinds of early baseball to kick off Sunday Funday. Bloodies and mimosas!
Taking a real chance watching #SOTU while tweeting from my iPhone.. May have an urge to throw something @ the TV
#YouKnowYourAGeekWhen You get more excited for history class than going home
Playing tonight in NYC @ Sullivan Hall featuring the Wild Magnolias and Houseman!!! Honey Island Swamp Band opens at 9pm.
I want more Christopher Guest-Eugene Levy- Fred Willard-Jennifer Coolidge-Bob Balaban- Catherine O'Hara
This game irritating me and I ain't got time to hear nine of y'all mouths u annoying heat haters on twitter that is
President annouces complete withdrawl from iraq. Its bout time they get to come home. 40,000 merry christmas s this year. Thank a vet
He threw a golf shoe at my team! how can i like him after that? then as he was walking his shin collided with Briere's head
Can anyone recommend a business thesaurus to ?
Cake and beer FTW.
i think someone is playing with my shit!!!! lol
It would have been really hard to hate the L.A.
Oh god, someone please help me. I'm so fucking weak.
some of us are actually from FL... some of us have survived car jacking... you?
#boston is eliminated. at least something went right this year.
great book for everyone but intended as a kids' picture book: A River of Words, The Story of William Carlos Williams
There's no point in worrying because if something bad happens, you've lived it twice.
Looking for people to join Wine Diego
crown heights
How do you get an alien baby to sleep? You Rock-et...
Follow my bro . One of the coolest guys around! I love him! now go FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW! :DD
so dark. so punk.
Real friends answer when they're on the crapper XD
can't DM bc he's not following me:/
I keep my circle tight!
working from home today. The snow is crazy here. Anyone using Google Buzz yet? Google is trying to take over the world.
still ? Nice to see you, please don't steal the gov't pens.
"See you might have the same outfit but if you aint got my swag you can't rock it like this!!"
Best not to think too much about that.
taste daaa rainbow
I want a puppy. :(
thank you for taking part in all of this! Every person counts <3
Stay safe, - RT : US Navy orders Va. ships to prepare to get out of the way of Irene beginning early Thursday
take a look at me, then you'll realize how pretty you are. c:
Dark Shadows used to be a shitty melodramatic soap opera back in the day. Why did they decide to turn it into a shitty shitty movie now.
BUT HERE'S MY NUMBER!!!
I think you'd have to wait in a long line outside the lockerroom for that jeer.
good mornin...I hurt myself working out yesterday...so I am actually skippin yoga this mornin but have every intention of doing yoga tonight
Happy to see I am not the only one out there who's house looks taken over by toys!
RT thanks so much! : just dropped a massive new song. You guys need to check them out, this is quality stuff.
Being a singer, I know quite a number of others, but most are over here. Bagging a bass-baritone could be a challenge, but hey...
We're missing tonight! Feel better comrade!
Sometimes we waste too much time thinking about someone who doesn't even think about us for a second
Turn that speakerphone down, I can't hear myself drink.
such a good movie!
Big crush on soccer/futbol girls!
Good man. “: Happy Birthday to one of our community's finest faith leaders, Rev. C.J. Rhodes ”
The Florense USA team wishes you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving!!!
We're celebrating the #1 Gospel single in the country! 's 'Let the Church Say Amen' TY to all radio announcers
I hope we are best friends like Jonathan & David ❤
That was pretty funny actually hahaha!
Congratulations to Jay Sanchez NAGA Bantam Weight Expert Division Champion
It's Friday! Just thought that I'd share :)
sounds like I missed another twitter dust up! Lol
yes they are, mostly! They do have saturated fat so eat them in moderation about 1/2 a cup but check serving size
God bless them. ♥
Come on twittahhhhhhhh~
Right on! Thanks for following. Finally got a chance to see John McLaughlin a couple years ago in S.F. Big Soul Sounds
I usually don't hate on any artists music.. But seriously Nicki. What are you doing.
Sweet!!!! RT : You can have any of our coffee frappuccinos LIGHT! : Is there a low-cal one???
. and Cantor back UE benefits for people back to work? WTF? How much deeper do we dig the hole, fellas?
Coogee's lovely, isn't it? My son's father lives there.
so boring when u r away of your purpose....
The #LinSanity continues as the #Knicks beat the
Sally&#39;s blog :): Oprah Winfrey is a role model worth career women to ...
Watching Mad Men on Netflix, this is seriously my favorite show ever.
Man, this sounds sad. RT : Ballgame over. Yankees lose.
listening to Rage Against the Machine while writing my international peace Studies paper. take the power back! would be proud
Ahh great work out! :)
84% The Hunger Games Thrilling and superbly acted, The Hunger Games captures the dramatic violence, raw emotion, and ambitious scope of i
"You need help" Yeah, what the fuck is your point?
Down low niggas
Probably gonna get back to my element n make some chill music tonight.
Word. “: "Sending out your first book is like sending your child out into traffic on the freeway" -”
I love when I'm on an important call and the Beauty and the Beast soundtrack accidentally starts booming loudly.
Haven't seen a politician cut such a dashing figure since Boris Yeltsin
thank god n dc we pay some of the highest gas prices
The #Bucks out-scored the #Blazers 62-29 after Portland had an 11-pt. lead early in the 3rd.
Perfect day for making banana bread!
I'm in! Great idea!
: I had a blast, would not have been the same w/o you!
yes...success :D and Isabel wanted to be an engineer.....and I change my mind every day lol >.<
What does "women...routinely give better" mean?
Happy Birthday !!! Love you !!
there is no end date set
At FL410 I get an epiphany. The only reason I subscribe to the MJS is because of the sports writers.
- then follow my blog please! :)
Marshall is done. So Kottaras is on to pinch hit against Ondrusek.
There's still plenty of time left for $4 salads at the Bakehouse!! We hope to see you there....
- well, at least it wasn't a chart for best food. UK would have been a lot farther down the list I fear.
Just saw a pretty solid music performance, well thought out and definitely a nice Friday evening in the
"We are raising multiple choice thinkers in an essay world." wise words
you know how the diamondbacks hit a home rum every time's the bases are loaded? gah... we need some of that.
Ikea? They're the best. (I also have an Ikea bed. Totally feel like a grownup.)
Grand opening of MyStudio Fridays!! Hit me up for tables, !
If you're not busy, drop by #cujinnovation to see our interactive project.
Bummer :( hopefully it can be found online.
Owner Ashley Grant with reporter ! Looking forward to the story on Valentine toffee! It will air soon!
I miss my BFF cole
did your husband come with?
the Epic 4G(non-rooted) was used as a primary testing device in dev'in the game. Have not tested with rooted, thx 4 the heads up!
woot woot! get your tickets asap, and bring some friends! it's gonna be a partayyy
Sorry man. Too good an opportunity to turn down, especially considering it's YouTube & Google. It will be worth it in the end.
I received a best of Ringling award today with for our exhibition design project, Dark Nature.
BIg thanks for the #FF! Have an awesome weekend!
need some motivation today
But they don't find the monster.
Im Writing alot these days, and am looking for ways to get Music out to everyone possible.............
act single & you'll end up single .
No haha. I like the fact that I look like a man. lol
Happy New Year's Eve! We can't wait to see you all tonight to bring in 2012, Grazie style!
I have two vacant positions: Associate Director/COPE (www.rfcuny.org) and MPA Career Counselor (www.jjay.cuny.edu). Apply online.
Severe weather expected Saturday -Nebraska's spring game still on as scheduled 1 pm start. NU officials will be monitoring weather
I have that signed by him. Orange label on Rock and Roll Records? Should I come up there and sell it? I'd take 150
for the laughs :)
congrats on finally making the tourney again. real cute program you have going there.
TY for following😃🇺🇸
I'm a HUGE fan...think I can get an autograph? PLEASE???
Sittin here wit 8 twix n 4 containers of cookies and i plan on eating them all right now :-)
Watched never aired episode of Fearless was in it! Wish show would've aired. those books were super special 2 me in jr high.
Great warm wknd in MS w/ my Mom...looking forward to NYC tomorrow. Coaching is great thing,,,'ya know!
#moolaboys we mixin shit up over here SPACESHIPS ON MY WAY TO PLUTO❕❕❕❕
More and more happy hour lovers are using our app ( www.gotime.com/mobile ) to find HH!! Is your happy hour in our directory? www.gotime.com
#parenttrigger forces failing schools to ansr to fams they serve...For our parents in comms, this opp cant wait
Check out Jay Leno, I will be dancing on there tonight with Gloria Estefan.
Have fun and hope your students enter 2012! RT : Taking my history class for a talk with
like Hughes 2 but his x's running out hope he can fix what's wrong.Luv Pettitte 2 can't wait! BaBye garcia!
Adele wins it all tonight just like Amy Winehouse, Macy Gray, and Lauryn Hill. Here's to a better follow up this time.
Follow your dreams
daymmm how many followers do u have right now?
just tryin to stay sane
So, Manny Pacquiao thinks all gays "should be put to death."??? Well, that sucks.
Hey! Yey Holts! Hope your weekend is fantastic!!
If i hear "no hands" ONE MORE TIME...
have you seen his pictures when he participated in "Walk a mile in her shoes?"
OMGG ALEX IM GOING TOO!!!!! WHICH ONE DO YOU GO TOO ????? :DD <3 #yee 4
God’s limitless energy strengthens me inside and outside.
#FF !!!! #TeamBluey! that's what's up!
": The bumps are badges of honor. Every athlete hits a few bumps in the road..staying strong to come back strong!"
I do I was the one who wanted to be your side kick
Raining in St. Louis. Perfect time to study our new uptune.
Your cute
lol Katy Perry..you know where i work..well is a privilege to get to tuck me in wink wink
4 hours of sleep sounds wonderful right now. goodnight<3
Austin has his second single, I cannot wait for his FIRST CD ♥
#15peopleilove She's also a really great friend to have and a really great writer you should read her stories! :)
Louis is my new boyfriend...jk (;
IT IS GOING DOWN TONIGHT AT THE KING OF DIAMONDS CALL FOR VIP TICKETS IF YOUR IN MIAMI FL PARTY BUS,FREE DRINKS, ALL NIGHT V.I.P
Fox News magazine store in Houston is all out of The Nation, but has plenty of copies of Cigar Aficionado.
have to file open records for that info. And we stopped his father in law the night he was home after game.
My biggest fear??... a charlie horse in the middle of a sleeping stretch!! them thangs do not play.
Jingle bells, haters smell. Losers go away. JUSTIN WON, haters lost! Beliebers all the way! HEYY! :)
These antibiotics are kicking my ass! #Drowzy&Dizzy
Why did everybody try to get me to follow their diet when I know what works for me? They changed their tunes when they saw me skinny
Looking forward to wrath of the titans! And battleship!
#Orioles these aren't the teams we're supposed to beat, right?!
currently dead from the band lockin
My first order of business...Saints Row 3
Why not
Will you please Support the Official Petition to save Conan? www.imwithconan.com/petition Please RT
Woot! When's that?
is stunned.
I miss talking to
If you want to be trained about how to collect recall signatures come to the Bourbon Street Grille in Monona from 4-5 this Thursday.
cat carrier on the way to the vet :(
Gahhh! I know :( see you tonight? it'll happen somehow, I believe! haha
Good win, great to see back on the court
ok so i need a white board, a stapler, and an iMac Pro. i am NOT a PC. SMH
hey whats up
I hate when people get mad when I tell them like it is . If I don't like you then I don't deal with it smh
Are any of u excited of any movie that will be on theaters in 2012? Please tell me!!!
Ugh, I don't feel like chatting with the cleaning lady today and I hear her coming. Too much to do, no time for small talk.
yikes! Kids found one in ours too a few weeks back. Nice snap.
thank you. U too. Have a good day (:
#AskEllen Will I get to be a guest on your show in the very near future? ;-p
is tripping off nothing lol smh
Noonan may eat his words later.
Is Casee Anthony Guilty ? Has the State proved its case beyond a reasonable Doubt.
#RonArtest has to go! He don't need to play in the NBA anymore
Simple exercise tip: Walk around your building on your lunch break at work. Invite a co-worker to join you.
Well, I do plan to dress in black
Trying to not go to bed to early but want to pass out. Oi.
I remember in high school when I had started a Glee club called"Treble Rebels"or as my classmates & faculty used to call us"shut up faggots"
im a reynard and im proud<3
If u can't spell principal it probably shouldn't be on the resume... no hire.
Eww it smells nasty, krystall did you shit on yourself? Her: dont hit me. Me *slaps her* ... mean big sister (:
Im obviously a bad bitch RT : why ?
Congrats to & on their big play-off win today! Keep it rolling.
RT : no o okay
hey girl, i'm off the grid for a little while... like next weekend. Hope all is well!
hopefully i can go out tonight after soccer today.
I'm a radial button kind of guy so the live powers will be a new experience-- looking forward to it!
“: “: & I Ain't Doing No Pick Ups Or No Drop Off Today!!!!” yaw niggas is 3663”Yeah What He Said!!!!
oh I'll find a way to do that I'm sure! Thanks!
Smart women can read through men who take too many pictures of their perfectly chiseled bodies..usually means u dont have much to offer
get'em big guy!
A new monastic brewery coming to PA. m.post-gazette.com/living/libations/us-monastery-brews-return-after-a-century-1210360
Aaannndd now I'm hungry... -.-
The foul with 14 left was idiotic
I wish it were just 9 PM already so the finale of would come on...
don't forget the capital W...
Absolutely this RT : Every time I hear the #Beatles I'm struck by what a genius George Martin was.
Acting should be bigger than life. Scripts should be bigger than life. It should all be bigger than life. - Bette Davis
what was written in the opinion column is not the statement of Manny, it was the writer's opinion.
Well if you have two Ohio Honey's at Spice it's going to be a par-tay!
I can't even put my makeup on one side of my face, my cheek hurts so bad haha
Holy crap.
The prettiest people do the ugliest things #NP All Falls Down
how you
If you love god retweet(:
Italian sandwiches from a place named after a place in the US, which is actually in Canada?
right! that nigga Wolf was a livewire for sure
Back to D-
Love this book RT #fridayreads SAVORY SWEET LIFE by Choc cupcakes w/peanut butter frosting? YES.
I think chuck norris should get off his whimpy little a-- and bring back walker texas ranger....love ya chuck.
We cannot solve today's problems with yesterday's thinking. That's how we got here.
Oh. That's much less exciting. Hopefully it wasn't in support of a candidate you can't stand!
gotta update that Twitter, son!
#GLiTTERSWAG Lovatics got it. You mad bitch? Stay mad. ;)
SOMBODY GIVE ME INTERACTIONS IM BOARED
Yeah I hate those $10 scratch cards, you always have so much hope for them, but they end up being a big time loser.
Can't stop watching That 70s Show
#ReplaceTheProBowlWith Rob Ryan and Troy Polamalu shaving each others head
Awesome win, crew! Even if t plush was out. :)
k “: if you cant get it open... I may have to show you tomorrow.... it is aweful”
anywhore, what's up guys? (:
oh girl, this is good! xx
It was too funny not to share.
I love when #Twins turn these double plays.
I know what isn't going to win best sound mixing: The 84th Annual
Columbia down 64-62 to Harvard 3:05 left in OT. and spike lee sitting down again
u no wat? im so hungry...but im 2 lazy 2 walk downstairs and get somethin (:
What's up my ppl
i just realized you have one of these...go spit on brain, then follow me.
yea me too.. gimmie some free coffee lol
FEELIN LIKE THE END IS NEAR JUST WAITING FOR HIM TO OPEN HIS MOUTH AND BE REAL smh!
If God didn’t exist, we would invent him-download- InSpotter app
Going Hard 4 Christ in MW3!
I hate when the president is in town. More cops on the street, & they just block the sidewalk. Screw my school for being so close to the UN.
I'm so proud of you, really. JoBros are back!
I just finished a 3.60mi run with a pace of 7'26"/mi with my Nike+ GPS app.
yea but freedom hall will always be my fav... I really hope WM comes to Lucas Oil
Reminder - No Friday Free Day today.
I did my screencasting assignment 2 weeks early. That means I can take a pass on doing anything else productive over the weekend, right?
LOL, I guess many of the Biggies aren't known for their originality, eh? ;)
Excuse me?? You're like already better at twitter than I am#wtf?
"I'm doing the right thing." the road to Hell is paved with good intentions, so keep lying to yourself.
Guys, it's ok, we've scored 7 or more runs twice already this year.
Sitting on the dock of the bay...
Tim Tebow to Deliver Easter Sermon at Texas Church
No problem smart n sexy wow!! U represent #Team2Sexy!!
That is beautiful.
showed me that. He loves me.
It looks fantastic as always. I can tell you've been working on it a long time. When do you think the final harvest will be?
Karl Rove & James Carville to keynote 1st Annual Congressional Civil Justice Caucus Academy Gala tomorrow (9/13), 6pm @ Reagan Building
I remember that day like it was yesterday...
Since the players union didn't get what they wanted, the next step is to recall David Stern.
Pizza and ranch! One of the best combos...
Who is going to the ICFF next month? May 19 - May 22, 2012 Location: May 19 – 22, 2012 Jacob K. Javits Convention Center, New York, NY
If Guinness were actually mothers milk, would that make us all Irish?
Thatz gud gotta stay positive.....negative stuff bring u down
Damn you, shitty weather! That's twice now that my skydiving plans have been cancelled. I don't care if there's a tornado, I'm going next wk
uh meaning I expect men to let women off the elevator first
"Holding on is harder than it seems."
good luck!
But we can target bond expenditures at projects that can free up general funds which can be used for teachers
High-fives for everyone! RT : So what happens if no one bows out?
What the deuce?? Since when is there a TacoDeli on North Lamar?
I joke around saying it, but I think people grow a stupid gene when the weather changes too fast. GET OUT OF MY WAY!
Wow!! We were just promo'd on #TribeFest special feature!!! So exciting!!
anything quantum is automatically 100 times cooler.
not anymore :)
I likee a guy but he has a girlfriendd .. And he's a playerr. :'(
from Jim Friauf Shall I follow you here or the OSU you?
Nice thing about entertaining at dusk is that dust and crumbs are not as readily apparent.
has joined #SMSS12 panel.
Had ta hurry up and cancel that request lol
pls follow back? (:
A combination of getting up late and being on the west coast but #Lunchtime is not an appropriate hashtag for me right now.
that was a big win over a very good team. They will be a very tough group in WCC play
already voted for u in athlete on Jan 5th but didn't know about the football category! On it.
Hurry back
dogs are pack animals, do you want a pack of - those?
LOL. You were going to vote for him anyway. Nice try, tho
did you see Like Crazy? Or do you just know that the bathroom is the appropriate place to weep about it?
ur official tweeter?
It's not possible to succeed in anything, if you don't want to do it in the first place.
So true Cameron!
Looking for SoFla mom bloggers for a fun family event in June!
Nothing new here. How about you?
sorry for the late response i missed this reply. You should be able to add a link under the resume section of your profile
of choose course. Lol You know me. Taking care of the hubby and kids, exercising, cleaning house... You know same old same old
Perfect can't wait, glosses are almost sold out;)
File these under gross Halloween candies: banana Laffy Taffy and Bulls-Eyes. (Shudder.)
Ellen DeGeneres is in Minnesota to spread the word about moving to 4pm on watch for sightings at tonight's Twins game!
So good. Definitely!
Interesting. Could be down, let me think about and I'll be in touch!
Finally back on Twitter since Thursday. :) Great to finally meet you, too! See you at Beta in a few weeks?
BOTTLES are more elegant and vintage =)
Fair enough.
#NowShowing ORIGINS OF AMERICAN ANIMATION Collection of early American animated cartoons (1900-1921)
Got a test early in the morning & I don't no what it's on- talk about clueless !
Learning how to fill out the patents papers :)
Interviewing FSU students for internships in sales and marketing.
haha, it happens. I accidentally drank a bunch if caffeine, so I'll be up all Night. Oops.
When you feel like a winner, you go to Vegas
My pops just pulled a female at the bar
thanks Linda for kns mention- have a great week
We are heading out to the Food Truck Extravaganza tomorrow Look for some tasty postings on Antengo!
clippers need to play KMart more
yayyyy! It's at your house?
wish we had floor seats doe
Ooh, I feel so lucky to be grouped with both of you!
this house is SO much better when im alone. alone as in without my mom here.
": u for real? U were suppose to wait 4 me!! Lol" yep im serious at one of my favorite resturant
All mann.... Got 2 work??
I would really enjoy the chance to start one Manchester Derby b4 I die. Make it happen
That sounds racist.
I'm so glad people are talking about this (aside from us).
Thanks! Will correct at 11!
Thanks for the RT! Let's show those eles some love!
she is an actress she played deuce girlfriend on shake it up and she was in that so raven
you shoulda went swimming. it wasn't that cold!
We are going to Vantage pointe building tonight from 6:15 to 8:15 on 9th street! Ciao
Focus: mission, vision, determination and implementation...
:) that's gonna be some potent stuff!
lots of art crushes, good ideas and international art xchanges today at #ispany12 #I<3ny
Dealers have nothing to hide
where have u been? That song is awesome!
yea we should! I need to get better though haha
Open word document, type name, hour break.
FloRida and Juliet? Not exactly the best combo.....
FYI: Philly's Broad St. (10-mile) run impacted crowd arriving late.
top with a couple of different cheeses and sauteed onions and mushrooms!
Nice pic. What is that filter? X Pro II? #hipstagram has filters like PBR Tuesday.
FDR turned the US around by raising minimum wages to living levels and penalizing biz for using overtime versus new hires.
love u too!
A day of sleep and recovering from sunburn capped with a beer is not so bad.
Watch me tonight on NBC 7/39 on my lawsuit against SDPD on behalf of an Arizona cop falsely arrested by SDPD!
I need Mari's help to get you tweeting, lol.
Yeah. I noticed that as well. ALA had a presence at #C2E2. Why not CPL? It seemed odd.
Not bad, but lacking in the ever-important zebra reference department.
I am going through withdrawal ... LOL
Thank you! RT : welcome and thx for following!
what's goin' on in this fucked up state? xD
thanks for the follow. I'd love to chat and see how we can collaborate
Went to Trader Joe's and forgot my reusable bags *again*.
thank you so much!
The family is one of nature's masterpieces. - George Santayana
Dear sanitary toilet seat cover maker, y did u make the toilet seat cover smaller than the toilet? Thnk u 4 carin abt my health.
That's right
I hope you are not texting and driving.
o snaps haha is it the first day on the job?
I envy you right now.
RT : Advice from : Be naive. From : Be childlike. From Steve: Stay foolish. From me: Play more video games.
I have to admit, I'm enjoying your unglued-ness, but don't want your stomach's lil' ecosystem screwed up by antibiotics.
i couldnt agree with you any more school sucks
Money goes money comes it's what you know about it.....
Not saying it's not great that he's openly supporting it. I just would have liked him to be talking about it 3 years ago or so.
stressful week starts from tomorrow!
We are so cool!
Ha ha ha! I'll send you my paypal link!
Awww. Thanks, J. We missed you at Muse.
ha. I already am. But I expect yours to be even more colorful and emotionally bias.
keep up the great works sis
always have faith don't ever forget it!!!!
Be joyful in #hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer. Romans 12:12
wow then u def doin sum right, u even got game on twitter. congrats
If nothing lasts forever. Will you be my nothing? <3
If im in ur way dont fuckin push & be a bitch like tht; say excuse or i swear ill beat the shit out of u:))
excuse me
yeah it does look kinda rhianna ish....
Ugh. #Knicks battling injuries! All year we've battled injuries. Doesnt give this team a chance to show that they can do!
nope you couldn't ever be either....
a ha! just figured it out! LOVE this thing!
Roald Dahl~ We are the music makers and we are the dreamers of dreams.
Officially done with 3/6 classes. I'll be a college grad in under 36 hours! Now for 5.5 hours of sleep before I have to start tmrws hell day
Raven nation get a load of this guy Giving our fans a hard time.
most likely...day drinking right now!
Isn't Eisenhower far? The trails at Hardberger are awesome. Love it there.
Well, the latter certainly describes you.
About to make some Ham&cheese
Happy Birthday!!!!!!!
Actually cold in LA today. Good prep for Alaska on Wednesday.
Rosanne Cash adds voice to sex ads opposition | HM
morning boo
Excited to be at the Digital PR Next Practices Summit today with the Bhavans
Rockin' New Year's Eve for ever after. RIP Mr. Clark.
Hm. Maybe. And while I know it was the 70's the disco-ness of it just seems incongruous with everything else.
LOVE the pics of you and your folks! Your mom makes me think appliques: Uterati appliques. Who are the craftiest among us?
Do what's right, not what's easy.
you buying me a new pair of kicks? My #ShoeGame is on point
Genital Hospital blows in your ear and tickles your fancy.
haha u would notice that;)
excellent brother! You da best.
Great night with my fam!
Oak Grove gets 4x acceptances into UC than Valley Christian
Wanted to thank you for being our first donator on kickstarter for our film "Mommy Loves You". Again...thankyou... R.G. Powell
We did too! Thank you for coming!
vale Hank Nelson, #png has lost a great historian.
I think i just ate my weight in food.
The reason it rains is that Chuck Norris scared the clouds, and they wet themselves.
I dont wanna take this life for granted like i used to.
hahaha sounds good! All I made was funfetti cake lol
everyone said it was good.
Suppose I should be grateful my city computer and Blackberry take turns freezing up.
text me for the plans this weekend
I always get super excited about planning events and then I remember how much work it is!
Ambassador Rasool recognizes the USA ANC Co-Chair Dr. Jean Bailey&her efforts in coordinating projects in the US and HU !
Thanks Samire for sharing Mandy's #Avengers post! Hope you had a wonderful weekend!
i had one and could prove it.
Congrats on good run
Happy Valentines Day!!!! Hope all my Twitter friends are doing great! I've been playing, playing, and playing some more! XOXO!
Congratulations!! I can't wait to meet the geekiest baby to date !!!
J.D. Souther performing When You're Only Lonely
The Who?
Truly ♥'ing some1 means freely letting them go, even tho it hurts you, because it makes the one you ♥ happy. Why deprive them of happiness?
I luv sunny and 70 degree weather
i'll text u
The runner was safe. Foot was off the bag. Padres should have another shot at winning that one. Time for instant replay in MLB.
You are too kind - thanks so much!
btw, Ridley Scott did Blade Runner. you knew that, but I had to mention it because, well, it's Blade Runner.
I still don't get why Pete cheats on Trudy... She's way prettier and more interesting/strong than Rory Gilmore...
You never know what you'll find at the back of the closet
not sure exactly, b/c the beta has not yet been released. Their punchline is "digital passport."
Cause you know I'd walk a thousand miles if I could just see you, tonight.
What is that link of ? It says it was suspened or something .
": So you can tweet and put status's, but you can't text me? K."
HAHAHAHA i just read this out loud to a friend who immediately and emphatically answered "yes!"
acting silly right now, watchin wizards of waverly place the movie with my babygirl KaLiaH!!!
.: Planned Parenthood doesn't ask who you voted for - "you get taken care of and the community is healthier"
Give me some clothes nig.
the new stuff is only available instore at the shop right now. get your #blvckscale on..
Thanks for your live Tweeting, so we can stay in the loop from here!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Starbucks (K12) - Starbucks (live updates)
I'm so bored
I am losing a lot of respect for right now...
A recent survey concluded that today women are the most beautiful at 30, according to both sexes, and men look the most handsome at 33.
Telling someone how you feel is honestly the hardest shit ever.
G.M.N.I.: I just want to see my moms w/ everything she deserves before I leave this earth. It's one of my few dreams.
thanks are you in houston?
Just read in a blog: "verticalizing the horizontal nature of peer-to-peer networks creating a defacto digital hierarchy."
your that dude with a sparkly iPhone case. Still lookin bomb af doe
ill give u that. We saw it 1st hand this weekend
How does Weaver NOT throw yet another no-hitter tonight? Saying our line-up is embarassing would be an understatement. What the shit.
happy birthday i love u so mush. my birthday is in november the 16.LOL:) follow me
We have been trying to access our Adobe Platinum Support for Flex Builder Pro 3.0 since June with no luck. Anyone have any ideas?
Bitch gon respect me, bitch aint gotta like me Way i check a nigga ya would think i worked for Nike.
♥ so what's your name?(:
For the next 2 hours swing by Diego's Mexican Cantina and get the deal shown here: $6.99 Combo & a Coke!!
I will be retweeting the most hilarious Brad and Angelina tweets ... stand by ...
Back on the road to the Dark Tower. #wizardandglass I've missed my Gunslinger.
. is the first single going to be Forced Gender Reassignment? i feel like that would be a strong first single for this album.
Belmont's Kailee Kamps swept girls shot put & discus titles to lead the Braves to a second-place finish in the Six Rivers team standings.
I'm sitting with you so save me a seat(:
especially w/o
Thoughts on the impact of greatly expanded access to #studentloans as a contributor to pct #highered students taking them?
Worked 8 hours on pre-production today. Today was a good day!
Prepping articles on #art and #museums roles in climate change education
Hey , it's hip hop Friday in our office. Is it too early to request "Teach Me How to Dougie"? It's an office fav. Thanks!
I'm so tired.. I feel like I made a mistake...
:) I was wondering if it was too hard of a question...
Everybody + Some Watches Bad Girls Club.
- It's like feeding the homeless. It mocks the rest of our lives.
Time for a little #Shakespeare Sunday!
I have 1 goal this week... and its not even up to me to complete!
what's good
Congrats on the fantastic review!
Maria Maria restaurant in Mission Valley may soon get an overdue visit from one of it famous investors. STORY:
I keep forgetting to Live Tweet this broadcast because I'm VERY HIGH. -- Live at Zenlive.tv NOW!!
I miss the good ol days where I was dumb and hot, now I'm just dumb :p
meta-blogging. blogging about blogging. blah blah blahg.
maybe it's that
Missed Him!! Seeing You Soon!! Soon Is Almost Here~~!! xx ♥
katy perry never tweets me ;(
Glad you're following me. I also support the restoration of Judeo/Christian values in the US — like universal healthcare!
well guess you'd have to do more than tweet for that!
#Thingsthatpissesmeofinthemorning when people open the door while im sleeping and leave it open
I'm as disappointed as you that the guy running awkwardly and holding his neck was just checking his pulse and not nursing a zombie bite.
If I'm in a "Good Mood," the absolute last place I would be is Arby's.
All that ass
Research then rehearsal today :)
Boys are assholes, and I hate em.
you had lessons into your 20s? I dropped out in 2nd grade woot!
I might have to stop by, I work til 3 though :(
I use twitter 4 marketing our products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it bad.
I hear Husky fans at Madison Square Garden! Let's GO DAWGS!!!!
Jump in the car with the whole family and come grab a delicious Chick-fil-A breakfast.
Loaded with football recruiting updates. We hit the texas triangle, DFW, H-twn & SA. The staff is busy blazing trails!
It will be out in a few weeks.
#NowPlaying: Over My Dead Body- Drake c:
1st and goal from the 5 and no TD?! This offense sucks!
is a Princess
The cutest people always seem to be the saddest.
BETTER. Twelve.
Thought same thing! Shame! RT : Hey Feldco window commercial. Why is the Asian couple the ones playing ping pong?!?
the slow green fox waslked under the boring dog.
haha i knew that was u
I need to find a 420 party! Umm nope - I don't smoke but I can always SIP on my Hennessy and laugh wit the high people.
done I'm following him
And there's a reason that 16 year olds can't vote. Society says they make poor decisions.
Totally addicted to Tennessee Pride mini sausage biscuits. So much for meat free. I was doing so well...
serving some great effinghams at Harbor House this weekend
Whew! Missed by a few inches on the map...! Welcome to Springtime in Tulsa...The weather folks are going tor an Oscar the whole way!
I'll see you AND Guy Brett on Thursday evening, pretty jazzed for some quality cinema work.
Dressed like a bunny tonight!
It was great to have Jamie join us today for #SommChat. We hope everyone learned as much as we did!
haha no I swear, I invented/guessed that coupon code and it worked! Its amazing! like 70% off!
Abou Diaby on for This is his 1st match in almost 11 months. I always thought he could be a special player if he stayed healthy
Checking in. How goes recovery?
Love this song "Gotta Have It" - kanye west & jay z :)
Congratulations Bum #1 Fear the turtle!!!!!
Hehe indeed! :) & awh really? that's just awesome! Have fun girl! ^^ & Holiday starts somewhere at the end of June. Wb there?xo
all of us are coming.
As a favorite, I can confirm. As a nice person *snicker* you should not have favorite kids.
Perfect we also have a Duckhorn wine dinner May 22nd! Welcome to attend both. lol.
#ILikedYouUntil i saw you did tht with every girl .
Looking forward to this Saturday's plein air paintings!
Here's to the Mahomies that is proud of Austin's carrier ... 2012 is his year, <3
haven't been on twitter in months! :o
What does not kill you will only make you stronger. If UK survives this game, I think we will see a totally different UK the rest of the way
Q6 Grandpa had said how well behaved our 18 mo was, just then he knocked something over and exclaimed "Aww Shit"!
#raw10 Dated a woman, she was Jekyll n Hyde. She was Jekyll b4 drinks, nice n sweet. After drinks, she started calling me, Black Ass B---H!
I can see the rain coming ☔⚡☁😍
Are you calling me fat again?
You are going to permanently smell like a smoked jalapeno.
“: Congrats to #Brewers radio voice Bob Uecker on tomorrow's induction to the NAB Hall of Fame! ”
When I was cleaning the coffee filter for a fresh pot. A HUGE spider jumped out of it. Not gonna lie. It freaked me out.
Make that an exceptional professional. I;ve followed your career and no one does it better! AGT #1!
THE WINNER of the FREE Pretty Amy e-book to celebrate the digital release today!! is send me your email and nook or kindle :)
Official announcement: no more coding websites. GAHHH.
Thanks man! We'll be recording soon, sorry for the late reply
would love to bro!!
FASHION fades STYLE is eternal...
Thanks for the follow Howell!
Hope you get it!!!
Happy Easter to u, too, Sylvia!!
not even Chris Long?
Off of work wat now ? Homework ig.this suks
Freshly done dreads.
Before jail, he lived there
I reach for the stars although I'm a little short lol
Lol fuck school I'm never going back
makes a delicious slice of veggie pizza!
Thoughts are with Joe Philbin and his family.
one hell of an idea!
Back at work after a solid wkend of amazing, empty trails. I saw 2 other riders. Solitude is nice. Campfire sesh w , dialed!
So....did you get an iPad yet? LOL I am totally loving mine.
UMass lax is #1 in nation and undefeated but got 6 seed. Oh well I guess it's all splitting hairs in a 16-team bracket right?
OKC WE ARE COMING FOR Y'ALL !!!
oh hey still loving my fab lip gloss! :)
Even in December, "#1 Syracuse" has a nice ring to it. (Especially as "one-loss Duke" is always horrifying.)
When the heart speaks, the mind finds it indecent to object.
RT Anthony Davis of Kentucky now in team USA basketball pool.
You can make your own fun with books like that by breaking out the red pen and feeling smugly superior. ;)
So glad were on Christmas break so sleeping in tomorrow:)
is this for only people from your box? or is anyone welcome?
this looks like a virus spreading link...
Im not the same , im sorry I've changed .
Thanks for the follow
Happy Mother’s Day!
visits do far have been great. AND cheaper than Fry's. "studies" would only matter if I had exact shopping patterns of the study
One table available for this weekend. There's a lot going on downtown. Casino,tribe, cold beer and FUN FUN FUN.
Lmfao true danny, ik the lyrics to every random song(:
The Scoreboard: Tuesday, May 15
Judge sentences Barton Enoch to 18 months in prison for shooting/killing Ben Brubaker.
LMFAO ! “: I didn't even talk crap to the heat fans today, i just stared at them for like 30 seconds! lmao xD”
so far I'm glad I don't have a badge to wait for. Hehe.
And thanks! Let me know what you think.
All packed up ..Now were just waiting til the day we move into our house
I found to fine ass let me send you a request
go Whoopi
I tell them to live and be happy. No 2 dudes the same. So why set them up to fail.
He woke me! No! Bad! I'm sleepy!
Victoria, are you selling a lot of mens wingtip boots these days?
sorry i wasnt there for you when you need me. now i regret it. but then again your an asshole so it makes up for it and i dont feel so bad.
And yet again, the only part of my work I comprehend is LUNCH. One of these days that will come around and sink its fangs in my soft parts.
Neylon: access is not enough, must have ability to re-use research.
RT : I do this in person, too, but at least then I can see in your eyes when you're tired of it.
63 and #sunny? Yes please! Thank you for this made-to-order weather!
PR pros: Why are so many San Diego businesses rep'd by Chicago-area PR folks? Just wondering.
Donuts for breakfast n coffee :) best morning! Love mommy so much
hey gorgeous how you been?
"The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge a ...
Am I wrong for thinking that if you put a boy toodles in flip flops he might be destined to be gay? This little one is rocking it too well
I think I got an invite to a scion event in LA once.
In a few short days, I will have to make the extremely difficult decision: booze or cake?
HEY I WANT 2 SAY THIS 2 MY BIG SISTER HAPPY BIRTHDAY I LOVE U BE SAFE N GOD BLESS #LETSGET IT IN
number one way to my heart: LONG sweet text messages. :) ❤
Today=free day so I played AssassinsCreedRevelations&I finished it in an 1hr someone call me so I can do something with my lifeD:
Had a blast at Norton 4 Day Fest! How bout you?
um YOUR Nitendo 64? Yeah right. 50/50. Don't think you can get away with that
Doesn't chocolate release endorphins, making the depression go away? I say eat away! You're not fat, and you deserve it.
Happiness? That's nothing more than good health and a poor memory. Dr. Albert Schweitzer
I hope you are all following - get on now - B4 her book comes out and she morphs into JK Rowling!
have fun
For some problems, the only solution is "Rudie Can't Fail." #whatwouldJoeStrummerdo?
is that a question!!!
she's such a stupid hoe:(
Talked today with a new young prospect 4 boarding. Gonna get him going in the right direction for a nice long career. You'll meet him soon!
NSDateFormatter and NSDataDetector are both really expensive to create. Shaved off half a second by creating once and caching.
Hope everybody is ok after the crazy storms that hit New Orleans today!!
Just had lunch...because I've been up since 4am
I like it, Ken. Matt Kalil is a stud. Thought Vikings might go for Claiborne but they needed help on O line. 12 more to go.
That's a great vid.
If u are being serenaded by a gondolier in Venice, clap but do not whistle, lest u want to end up as Katherine Hepburn did in "Summertime."
RT : A very happy birthday to all!
What websites/blogs do you use to get all your #metal news?
Are you going to be upset when austin leaves ??
Celtics playing good but not great. Need more of Delonte West and Jeff Green.
Nice! Good luck :)
hey hun...just lettin ya know bout my music...u checked it out?
I'm stoked been a #loyal since 99
amazing icon luv :)
Happy Birthday young blood!
Fact is hand guns are as ubiquitous as cell phones in this country... kids get killed by them every day...right? WRONG !!!
Someone should tell which structure is the Washington Monument! They just said the Jefferson Memorial was the Washington Monument!
RT : Great Photographers!!!
I went indoor rock climbing this weekend with my wife! Thats an awesome workout...and a lot of fun!
Automatic music or sound effects on blogs: bad idea. Y do people do this? If it doesn't scare me to death I usually leave bcuz its annoying
How many followers do you think we can get by the end of the day? 10? 50? 100? (Aiming for 100!)
I only thought took the net off the moorings...
Mavs getting out hustled on EVERY POSSESSION NOW! Turn out the lights....
good luck to you! Lol
“: I gotta get better man I gotta move on, switch from motorola to a prime co phone #oldschool #wannabeaballer” yuuuuuhhh
you better not be at taco bell lmfao bc we will drive to you
Very seriously considering going #Paleo after chatting with m bacon!!!
Program Officer Mary Downs will be in attendance @ AIA-APA in San Antonio, Jan 6-9. to arrange appt
This gamee is a bitch I put my rubeer on and fuck her
well that's EXACTLY why it seems he should be the one who's bad at it!
how does anyone look at Calipari and respect a guy who cheats to get it done?.Hard to respect the guy and laud him for accomplishments
NK launches rocket. RT BREAKING: ABC News has learned North Korea has launched its rocket.
today the sun is shining on me, sitting with my feet in the breeze ain't sweating the little things. ☀😊
.why didn't u come then.
As strong as you were, tender you go. I'm watching you breathing for the last time.
thanks SO much for the RT!
"I totally got you a big Mac some nuggets and fries..but I ate it all your Dr pepper is in the fridge though." Danielle Ferrier love you man
happy birthday, sir!
Could it be any nicer out? This weather just makes everything a little nicer.
#HowAboutWe all go to bed.
The neck's broken. The brain is useless. We must find another brain.
I like what George Lucas does. He generates hella bank, but then he builds his own non-Hollywood creative empire.
Off Twitter till the a.m.
Stupid party!!!
is it bad that I only like 5 kids in my class
NZ writer scoops major US award
hey man that looks really interesting...
Can anyone make a custom slider for iphone please?
when I go to ur page it said that I not following u
#NP Rolling In The Deep - Adele
Going to be at #AFM Sunday through wednesday. Anyone want to produce the sequel? "The Aftermath of the Red, Black And Blonde"
aha , You Mad aint w. Yo ugly a* ? Aha (in Tony voice) but im finna ask ben tho .
Owen Wilson in Armageddon. Who remembers that? Not me.
Call when you're back - let's put it on our books, with kids is fine. Happy househunting?
*cough* RT I just drank a glass of water. *pats self on the back* Seriously, anyone else drink more coffee than H2O?
If this is Global Warming......I like it!
FInal grades entered. Reading books on Habermas and vibrant matter under the Christmas lights. Yep, Nerd Holidays have officially begun.
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils
I'm Michael Jordan number today.... The only thing I want for my Birthday is this job!!!!
Drop it or fight her?
it's the media perpetuating it. They're using stats yet, superbowls place qbs in that category.
Thanks for recent retweets & listings!
SO TELL ME HOW THE BOYS "HATE" AMERICA AGAIN?!
have something I'd like to dm you tiffany - let me know when you're following back!
it's hopefully easy!
id hope its not coop, the extra "a" makes it tho(:
Nigggas say the want beef! Well where the fuck is my burger at🍔
"Well, nobody's home... wanna have a little sex?"
Good Morning ♥
You're the best, Renee. We have some exciting new dresses to unveil in the near future and can't wait for you all to see!
what's up? Long time no talk!
Man I could go to sleep right now
Mindfullness seminar put in "the right effort" not too little and not too much! Be present. (we are on a break)
#MarieLouise is hoping for #PaulWissman bday celebration. How can he only be 32? Young people suck!
I do too. I hate closing cause it feels like my whole day is dedicated to work. I wake up, go to work, come home, sleep...
Ugh, no good after work classes for tonight. Why are all the gym classes at 5:30/6:30? I get off work at 5:30 and would love 5:45 classes!
I think it's acceptable in such instances, to close the laptop and knock the dude unconcious.
I. Love. Koala Dance Bots.
Good Morning!! :) You should have some Papaya for breakfast.
follow back
3-yr-old's latest non-sleep tactic. He comes into room holding socks: "Dad, I found these socks." Me: "were they on your feet?" Him: "Yep."
I don't even know who is pitching anymore
I walked outside this morning and it felt like I was about to pass clean out. It's super de duper hot
Thanks for the RT Jack. I agree on liking the article. Cheers!
Got to go to sixth periooddd hell period bye
Thanx n congrats to , Prasanna n Nitin Mitta 4 "Tirtha", a wondrous blend of jazz n traditional music.1st listen on Hou-Den flight
fedex guy. I just happen to be one. Win win!!!!!:-)
Multiple financial consultants (Baird; Credit Suisse) have noted that environmental rules will help the utility sector... (1/2)
Everything is going Arizona State's way right now. Sun Devils lead Wake 19-10 with 9:38 left in the first half.
On bus to Funplex with listening to 1D...:D Im pretty sure evry1 can hear me singing. lol
Boys had cooties when I was in third grade! ;)
Happy Birthday Jesus!!!!
Times Niemi has been pulled: 2. Times Quick has been pulled: 0. I see who's the better goalie.
I just filled out the registry form...I think it forced a resolution of #shutdown stalemate. Is there nothing #THATCamp can't do?
and then post what new yummy thing u tried. So I can be jealous!
$2000 2-bed UES, this is NOT a mistake!!
Sometimes I wonder who the Fuck I am
Sorry about that. I hope we will finally get out of st. Louis at one point today or tomorrow.
Actually I'm ready for Mother Nature to send a big big Hurricane to wipe some people off this planet, especially the ones I can't stand.
Taking a few hours off from #buildmadison for a very special birthday celebration. I'll be back at it later tonight!
I'm shooting for 15+ pgs today. What's your goal?
Come on! We want to see the Bears and Tebow! Christmas movie? Really?
...that's all that actually matters to me.
ok - well not everyone can read your paper print type letters. Wish you had warned people b4 we opened the link:
It's 12:35 a.m., and some guy has been sitting in the lobby now for an hour & a half, just tooling on his phone. Ok...
so true!
tweeting=thrilling!
We are baking more delicious cakes for Mothers Day! Make sure to call us & pre-order your cake as big or small as you want it to be for Mom!
Excited to play tomorrow w/ ! plays at 3:30 follow by
is still Mia
I really need to come to Sherman Oaks. Like right now.
I'm learning so much on my 1st wedding planner assignment. Like I needed to start saving before my girls were even born to pay for theirs.😁
cool cool well here its. A few minutes past 6 am. Here
RT : Why are people so obsessed with Titanic? It's a fucking boat, and obviously not even a very good one.
ALTO bottom is in, lots of dojis on the chart, watching for volume...
Today let's reflect on the dream... teach our kids about the dream... and embody the dream... HAPPY Martin Luther King Day!
"Take advice, but not orders. Only give yourself orders. Abraham Lincoln once said, 'Since I will be no one's slave, I will be no one's...
I can taste graduate school ... So close yet so far. When I finish a nigga will be 🏧🏧🏧🏧🏧
talk about low self-worth.
Beep like a pager :P
Wow what a slow moving day. Cannot get motivated
RT : Looking forward to hearing from at #georgia #highered funding commission
Duke wins and Wake Forest wins. Three ACC teams now in The College Cup. Still up: Stanford vs OK State. Starts at 10pm EST. No webcast! Grrr
Taking my beautiful wife to a free university orchestra concert. Great music at an unbeatable price.
just wana make her happy .
WAIT WHAT? MARSHALL CAN NOT SLEEP WITH HER, I FORBID IT
That game though. >>>
Have to say the ad agencies behind some of the current on-air campaigns are doing good work. Pretty good. Pretty funny!
MT Darnell from Indiana ROCK ON!! Just read about you. I LOVE your style don't let anyone Bully you! Be yourself you are amazing
Had a fuckin blast wit chad breezy on the way back to the apartment to change then off to the magic kingdom brah
Omg The Vampire Diaries was cray. Elena is a vampire and there is hope for her and Damon to be together
National smokers day what u smoking on?
Jamaica jamaica!
Survived another#BikramYoga class. Its getting easier! Goal for April is two Bikram classes per week.
Oh yea not prego!!! So not ready for these people to stick me
Thank you We look forward to working together again for the next great event!! :D
There seems to be a spattering of #Pacers fans in Orlando tonight.
Just Back from Event Solutions/Catersource inspired as always by the people and the education Thanks to all. Great job! ESCS10
About to see THE AVENGERS at The Grove (don't judge me; it was the closest place).
hey girl hey! nice flannel!
yeah he's chill. Lol its nasty!
RT : Two weeks left for the MiniSolos at the Touchstone Gallery in Washington DC. Stop by and see my show. Will see nxt week..
My man is jumping soon. Be safe out there babe! I love you :)
i'll check my mailboy when I am done with class!
I expect to be able to see the glow of night games at Fenway out my windows--but hearing announcements? That seems less reasonable.
“: "Don't worry that children never listen to you; worry that they are always watching you."”& imitating!
Congrats on writing for Short Pump! I read your article before I even noticed that you were the author.
OMG!!:) Finally found the 2 cute guys!!!:) and they gave me their numberss!!<3
“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.” – Winston Churchill
Looking to cater your next meeting or event? Give a call 312.461.1005
you doin happy hour?
I just googled "depressing Swedish music." How's your day going?
sure, I'll check my FB or just DM you my # and we can get you set
Outside trying to rescue a homeless kitten. 
best younow ever
I just realized that I didn't buy the 2 doctors that I work with a gift for Doctors Day.
all girls freaks in someway yu gotta get in der head
From now on, we only wear animal prints and half shirts. Tube tops are also acceptable.
21st coop, come converse about #makeithappen in the lovely breeze outside. <3 the
If happy ever after did exist,i would still be holding you like this...
haha yay i wonder who would remember my birthday now
we are in private beta, so only adding companies who are helping in the beta
Lol you stop fucking with me man
Gorgeous! Love the dress! :)
I was trapped in my own house by a spider. I hate spiders.
thx for tweet love. Whatcha having for brunch ?
loll I jus got home, I thought u was sleepn
watching your boy score TDs lol
Glad you enjoyed yourself, we always love to have you in!
heard that!
companion book for the Hitchhikers Guide to the Universe?
#Shoutout to everybody who live in the projects with a satellite dish
And listen to #MakeMeSayOH and
Thank you everyone for coming to and supporting and the festival! We had a great time :-)
I really miss being best friends, now I'm just your play toy. Thanks very much
Maybe a sail boat, but in calm (Carribean?) waters... I'm kind of afraid of small boats! Q3
Star Wars!
I am not one of them! Your poll is suspect!
I dont know for sure but I think he did
drafts 2 dollars all night
go follow she is a big huge fan of yours and don't make me dm u haha love ya
My sister is so annoying -___-
“: We are ready to party! Today, the hot Miami sounds of are going to kick off #DayStarSundays!” here we go
I just wanted to that the #castandcrew of #itsawonderfullife for making this one of the best nights of my life. I love all of you guys<3
Lake Lure this weekend with the fam and I'm excited about it 😄
kindred lesbians!
Summer is here! Are you enjoying your pool or is it just too much work? Take a break and let us do the work for you!
are we going to be out of the severe weather in Lapel?
I'm setting the bar high, of course. Beautiful art and moody prose are wonderful. But I want words born to be read aloud.
- Someone from our office complex stopped by & asked "Can you twitter those taco ppl and ask them to come back?"
I'm sorry you're not sick...see you whenever lol :P~
gender is only irrelevant if it matches with your biological sex, check your privilege cis scum.
How about them CATS? This team has matured so much since the Indiana game!
15 minutes to News 3 at 6. breaks through the clutter and shares the details about new job numbers in a News 3 Reality Check.
We only compared "Issues" pages of candidates' websites to avoid duplication. (Some candidates repost media coverage, f ex.)
Today BRUNCH! Remember, next SUNDAY is Mother's Day! Don't let her cook - bring her to BRUNCH!!
not sure! Should be interesting!
Game 3 in Philly lets go!!
so text me lover :)
It's a shame how people lie on Celebrities just to get 15 minutes of fame. Earn it with out the lies !!
are going to keep you up-to-date on the Rangers Spring Training. what game are you most excited about this season?
Are you Greek?
FREE Tutoring for those who qualify! Don't miss the deadline! Call 888-517-3522 or DM me for details....K-12 and we offer adult programs!
So, there's a phone behind my desk. Should I give it to the teacher, or leave it. Hm.
Virginia Kuhn () kicking off the #scms12 Teaching the Moving Target panel: "archives today act like alphabets"
Happy mothers day
Dear hair, When I flip you please get #OneDirection overwhelmed Sincerely, I would love to marry them! 😁
❤❤Free Free Free Free Free Free Free ❤❤
Your right tons of Events at in Milwaukee coming up our next one is The Paranormal Cops May 20 & Open Key
Come in tonight for 50 cent wings!
Thank you Paul for rocking the mullet so handsomely.
And that is why I love Dan Uggla. #Braves :)
I'm catching up on "Ax Men" and Dustin just said "twitterpated" ha ha ha funny
Hate Puppy Mills? Don't miss #Denver ch. 7 news Wed at 10PM. Local puppy miller exposed: FINALLY!
“: Projects at the last minute <”Fuckin Up Penenejo
In Future Leaders training, which is an honor I am told. And I do believe it.
oh awesome! what did you think?
Rob Lowe in St. Elmo's Fire is why I fall head over heels for guys w dark hair and pretty eyes.
Yolandi Visser has a child named Sixteen Jones.
how's Vegas?!?
Good turn out at the square so far, it's filling up!
I love , but she is killing me with all these DP Dough photos. Like I'm dying. Dead
ok wait why not tell me here?
Which tea were you drinking? How did it pair with your LFD double ligero?
When pt gets canceled because our battalion officers, who are the last word in punctuality, don't show up! Yes!
working on a solution for this headache. Will have to make our Card sorting tool iPad compatible. I'll keep you posted :) Thx again!
“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.” ― Albert Einstein
hi, my day went very well. The weather is great 75 degrees and sunny. I was thinking about you and hoped you were happy.
hoping to have a good day despite all this bad news
Who wants to help me get to 600 followers..?:) #HelpMe!!:)
damn 40 off the bench.....lol...you're killin
I'm heading back to BC, and when I get there, I want to see some good old-fashioned school spirit
• Looks like you mean Corona Tuesday to me!
Pittsburgh is only a few days away...can't wait.
The last 5 minutes of Forrest Gump are so damn sad. And I know it's the last 5 minutes because they have the #sagawards ticker at the bottom
I love how leaves his everything on stage. Emotional nudity. Inspires me.
You don’t get to choose how you are going to die. Or when. You can only decide how you are going to live. Now. ~ Joan Baez
y u say that
Ok...2nd self-care action of the day, turn off everything at 8 in order to sleep at 9. Night night twitterverse.
GOOD MORNING LOVE! :)
sorry for sounding like.a retard
Twitter keeps changing my location, but I looked out the window and the building hasn't gone anywhere.
Conquering the world, right? Thanks!
he really needs to get on and read this. This is ridonculous. NIAAALLLLLL. :)
#milwaukee We will be getting new treated material in for this spring!!! More details to follow soon
Of the 11 proposals, most include both golf and garden. Skate park is also popular.
RT : Perfect timing; our #ripple iPad app just got ok'ed from Apple today;
it was so funny we couldn't stop laughing
follow Cali D.
was it easy enough to follow?
"I hospitalized a rock, killed a brick...I'm so bad I make medicine sick!"
If you're a hot girl and you wear Supreme and you have a nice camera, hi.
What Washington needs is adult supervision. ~ Barack Obama
you can season beans and such, but I just toss it.
Tweetie is what I've been using & I like it as well <3 the 'nearby'
I talked to her today
OK! Not sure how this works but just drew you two some thumb-art. :) I'm momsicleblog!
Interesting. Nonprofit/donor relationship disrupts the market economy because donors fund what they don't consume.
Dreamed that I was in Chicago !
Pineapple is the perfect tropical summer flavor! RT 31 I loved your selection! The pineapple new one was great!
IM NOT RICH....IM ONLY HUMAN...SO I CAN ONLY DO SO MUCH...
Damn it. Lost my wallet.
Only got on to see id followed me but I guess thats gonna be impossible I wish he tweeted me a lot like some other girls..! :'(
Definitely Blades of Steel.
I'm not horny. But my dick is.
Fredericksburg is the same to 95 as Ballston is to 66...traffic bottleneck!
1:05 am.. ive got 6 hours to finish hasbro project, and 7 hours and 25 minutes to finish a 10 page business proposal and do spanish hw..
umm who r u ? and y r u askin me about eggs ?
A lit of conversations had about "what if we had that team we ended with for the whole season." Continuity has been a problem for our team.
I am not ignoring Twitter deliberately. My son is coming home this weekend (yes, I am excited) so I am frantically queuing posts.
RT We must ensure that his policies always prevail in Azerbaijan.
Oh wow! lol
Going to get a haircut and tan <3
Thank you for the write up!
At BD watching my brother's wresting tournament.
In the hurt locker today.
“: 50 Shades of Gray - need I say more?!?!?” Maybe pair it with a glass of wine ;)
I saw you outside of Minetta Tavern (across from my apt at the time) a couple years ago. It was an exciting moment for me ~
If Kyle Busch's car were to spontaniously combust during the next race I would not be one bit sad..
I guess that makes sense, though I still prefer trade to mass-market. The latter fall apart too easily.
RUN FOREST RUN...I was until I saw the replay. The folks in the stands obviously didn't see all of it.
Ca..Ca...California The Bitch
say hi to your neighbor for me! lol
Thanks for the RT, Dirk :)
I'll say this much: it's been an interesting week for Hil(l)ary's in Washington.
Dell simplifies the blade server
I'm open tomorrow. Going to Players on Fri.
": The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams ~ Eleanor Roosevelt" (and go after them!)
Andra, thanks for your support and retweets.
Congratulations! We are still reeling off of the Atlanta concert on Sunday. Peace & Love.
If I'm casting movie role for Rays manager Joe Maddon, I pick Jerry Crawford of Donegal Racing. Crawford a great sound bite, too.
dude. I need that picture of Harry in your icon.
"I was only gone 20 minutes, what'd you do? Shine a bat symbol on your vagina???" from tonights "2 broke girls" LMAO!!!
Agreed. Pete may even stop by his apartment from time to time.
:D haha :D No sleep, staying up late for Gayo's and sexy Korean men make Sheena a crazy girl! lol
What are you looking forward to at our next Expo in Sacramento?
Wow just KILLED IT in the Song 1 Happening at Great show!
#RememberHow easy it was to be a kid
Hmm, Twitter, I don't see how is similiar to me ( polish catholic chick from WI) but #itsallgood Mazel Tov, dude!
Will you follow me?:)
Wednesdays are great days to further your successes!!!!!!!
I can't leave em alonee.
Travis using douche bag as descriptive adjectives for Wes...lol
Good Luck Kenny. We won't be racing this weekend cause they closed another dirt track Tucson International Raceway.
what he said.
My thoughts will be in Nashville tonight, Nashville Rising is going to rock! Great benefit for Great Cause.
Chris brown aint singing.. You may have fooled Rhi Rhi but not me.. Lol
I'm willing to pitch in 5yrs of fantasy draft analysis experience to the team for 5%.
If does do a Crowd Participation Lesson, it should be MANDATORY viewing before you are allowed to purchase a #WWE ticket
hah, well looks like i need to learn how to write a LoadFunc capable of communicating a trace to frontend!
Libyians must not give up now. Too much blood has been spilled for them to give up. Gaddafi must go! And he must go now!
Catherine Ludwig '11 won a Fulbright ETA to teach in Turkey, too!
woke up with the worst hangover ever today. it was nice seeing you!
RT : . reminds #PA12 that he's never missed a vote, more than 4K votes
haha, yeah I can see that.
found it!
Didn't help us much last year...
There had better be some beer in the fridge. I didn't take tomorrow off for nothing!
congratulations!! That's sounds great!! I graduated earlier this month and going to school for law enforcement lol.
"One of the 24 similarities between girls and fish is that they're both attracted to shiny objects."
"Afraid to throw away in case of miracle"
if I saw you on the street, I'd hand over my wallet and cell phone and plea for mercy.
yo, you home?
At the close of July we @ R2K R truly happy. Thank u everyone 4 ur business!
Trying to make enemies on twitter sears? RT : Pizza lunchables were the worst of all
making food at 6 am.. LOL.
We have over 3000 followers on Twitter . Shooting for 5000! Come on Fuji fans!
Eh, this one's lost.
i wanna see your pregnant belly.
seeking more special interest support. Btw, only royalty refers to themselves in the 3rd person. HRH Linda Wagner
YEAH! exactly!! & NO. LOL. they probably recognize you!! don't worry! :)
Moves like Jagger (;
that's just nasty!
you know he cares when he wipes the mascara off your face after you've been crying and hugs you for the longest time.
Obama is an eloquent speaker and talks a good game but I am against his presidency, the shit he's done since being in office makes me mad.
Its not even my birthday but he wanna lick the icin off, I know he wana bite this its so enticin nothin else lik this ima mak him my b-tch.
Very good to know. See you soon!
glad we could help :)
ED WESTICK AND JESSICA SZOHR IS DATING AGAIN! NONONONONONONONO!!!!!!!
Lou Williams shouldn't see the court for the rest of the playoffs
Who was eliminated?
If you're out of range for 98.5fm you can listen on kfox.com for sharks hockey!
Still watching Friends.
I am pretty awesome, but you already knew that. Go Caps!
Come discuss t-shirt designs right now for the #Cannabis Freedom #March! from now until 5
i never get homework done when im in studyhall
