And Happy Birthday to my friends and
beyond depressing ... The #Pens just don't look line they want to be anywhere near CEC or any other arena for that matter .. rip
HAHAHAHA....YOU KNOW WANNA BE SITTING NEXT TO ME
thanks bro.
- classic. So simple, so effective. I have always wanted to paint an 'I' in the middle of a "to let" sign. Childish I know.
Thanks for coming out last night everyone! Such a fun night
Thank you to Dr. John S. Peery, Optometrist, for sponsoring the 2012 CASA Superhero Run! We hope to see you all there!
no im not a dirty old man.
"I'm representing Queens", "She was raised out in Brooklyn"!!!
is everything ok? I've just been here at home with Jr and Bella
Dear Magic Castle, I want to move in. Love, Minks (my magic name)
Wednesday Wolfe and Monument 11-2. Stop by for the last day of the Reuben Grill. Also try our amazing Crab and Lobster Mac.
Went out to get ice cream got beer instead. Not sure which would be considered worse.
You sometimes think you want to disappear, but all you really want is to be found.
Next session, Brad Anderson "Driving datacenter innovation in the Virtual Era" in Exhibit Hall 5 at 1:30pmCT #DellWorld www.dellworld.com
Kid's laptop in class yells "You've got mail!" AOL still does that? Who uses AOL mail anyways? Haha.
#Running tip: Cotton socks will only lead to blisters; invest in socks designed for running.
feeling some type off way "/
Thanks for the shoutout! Happy Friday to everyone!
#ThisSummerImTryna Do it right.. Party with my friends and live it up to the fullest.
hm, maybe the vulture knows something u don't?
what's earthquake sluts anyway?
Yes it did! Great job everyone :) RT - just pitched my ad campaign ideas for Jake's Big Dog... went very well!! :)
I've been a fan since you were in diapers fool
Wow! The Artist-in-Residence just surprised the Future Music Moguls class with an impromptu visit and talk!
Thank you! other insights to encourage more supes to embrace sm
My dog woke me up....ugh
yeah..i thought u would say that lol
jamming today with Sophie Moon and Xela Zaid for a new project
Me:OMG!Look Austin has a new single ~le listening~ Friend:It's a good one! Me:It's freaking perfect *-*
don't apologize for fashion.
I just remembered something. That something could change my life in a bad way. Holy fuck.
If I were to write a song, it'd be called "Benadryl"
time enough to get back on the ice. look out.
My favorite players are Crosby and Neal, Leino is just one from another team
Morning! Work in a little bit!
Mine too . lol
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE EVERYONE !! :D <3 <3 <3
like i love you..
I ain't talked to u in awhile
You pay for what you get in that maket. Cheap, in my experience, means a horse with a horn spliced on. So not sparkly.
Tell us about your experience with Helmet City. We'd love to. Hear your thoughts. Good or bad we want to hear it all!
The benevolent Beastie: Adam Yauch remembered for rhymes and more
Good question. I think his connections were critical to his funding but he said that Graham was interested in funding so maybe.
Music is the truth
Thunder still have some Sonics on the roster.
Today was the first day of my grad assistantship in Hill Memorial Library at LSU! Got to play in the archives.
I need $50,000 to get the 2 cars I want the most. Ah!!!
did you have breakfast today?(; hahaha
So this is it? You dont need me anymore? Okay, bye?
o okay
have a great weekend, Rhonda
I'm going w/ a coffee spill that's already happened. Eh? P.S. I can't do white either for this reason. Looks nice tho!
he really is. Lol
oh okay
Niggas say I'm dirty so they gon fix me I got my vest off so cum get me I got my tech on so I'm takin someone with me
i must be in the "snow shadow" b/c there are no flakes in Northgate at the moment
that makes me sad. I've always really liked both of them
should happen
Hey guys, when one door clothes another one opens ;)
Poll: what is your favorite show on TV right now?
No problem, man. If you can at some point add me to that list, that would be great! Thanks!
What Do You Think Of "Take Me Away"?
Hmm, first there was , and now there is , so must be flattery, right, WETA?
: "Where was & when we were marching for #TrayvonMartin in Florida?"
you rock! Thanks for the shout out!
ubersocial had an update this morning, cute...very functional...no public timeline -_-
A real woman can baby sit, work full-time, sell dope, drink liquor, & do hair all @ da same time while goin 2 school online
YOU SIT BY PEW? WHAAATTTT!!?!?!?! HOW HAVE YOU NOT TOLD ME YET
you look so cute! :] love you :*
best buy...
“: How some ppl have over 7K followers and I never see their tweets still puzzles me....” ~ oh it's simple they pay...
My grandma has to be pissed. I said I was on my way over an hour ago.. Maybe two
Do you schedule social media content, or let it happen naturally? Most agree that somewhere in between is best.
Lone wolf.
Who has seen the adult onesy called The Forever Lazy? #RIP any sense of style! The guys wearing it to tailgate.
Alpharetta boutique warehouse sale at Rainwater Restaurant. Stores incl. Lavender, Brina Beads, Small Concept and more.
lets fight!
Just wanted to let you know that you are truly awesome. When God thinks about you, He smiles.
#10WaysToDie jumping in the detroit riverr
.: Positivist rhetoric about data visualization
#NdamukongSuh will change. HE'S GONNA GET WORSE! I PITY THE FOOL ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE D LINE!
a Kleenex used by dr dre!
People who don't know who they are always need validation. Stop waiting for people to define you, "define yourself". TDJ
Picked up a Majesty Palm today. Can't wait to see what it will look like in about 10 years or so.
Opps my Bad if I cross your Mind
Oh wait I almost forgot, he coached Krzyzewski in college. My bad.
as an #acadv I can say that it's at least a quarter of the students I see. Parents also select major for them.
Time for sleep. Tomorrow starts another crazy busy 60 hour work week so I better rest up! Sweet dreams all!
I am checking out twitter for the 1st time.
“: chocolate dipped chips?!?!?!” I haven't had those in a min. We should invent nutella ones!
all EPL results going Aresenal's way at the moment
missed the stickam chat with but to those who left cause john wasn't there and made comments about it FUCK YOU ..
...but also the longest.
Haribo for breakfast.
Oh. My. God. Craig. Bardem. Fiennes. ::swoon::
What's good with ya sis and can I party yet or are we still waiting...lol Luv ya :-)
Hi Kate!!! Big fan of yours. Any thoughts on singing, "Boyfriend"? I think he stole your trademark in my opinion.
A+ shopping. Love Pilgrim and it's beautiful on blu. So many great extras on that baby.
K I will get it out in the mail next week :)
Hope everyone has a great time at the #GPPCMA meeting tonight with Izzy on Improv!
You're welcome!
You are over the top! RT Working on Dunbar Report...Producer says I can't describe J. Sferrazza as a $%^& with nice highlights.
Min Hyoung Song: What made Asian American literary success possible? Simply, the 1965 Immigration Act, & the children of 65.
Trying to decide if Larry has convinced me that lack of multi-tenancy in the Fusion apps is a feature...
Prof. Bill Kuhn was injured yesterday in a traffic accident and is being evaluated at hospital . Please keep Bill & family in your prayers.
I'm loving me some #Phoenix (the band, not the state) this morning on the tunes mix!
you too, Cecilia!
freshman suck
at the instyle lounge at the four seasons. Gotta love awards season!
I'm tired
Question: Are they really acting in porno films?
You guys need to come out to Wi! #Organicfarmsgalore!
Yeah, I've been doing that too, but to day i just filled up and cost me $54! AHH
"Let's take it slow, I don't wanna move too fast. I don't wanna just make love, I wanna make love last." <3 :*
Dear Dessert Wine: I love you. R.
Be respectful with that boombox! Sound during #lastthursday should not carry more than half a block.
Every Kiss begins with #Kay, but every one night stand begins with heavy drinking
#askaustin alexx! Can you say I love you?(:
Why doesn't want photo ID debate to take place when vast majority of Minnesotans are awake?
yes are you
We have Spicy BBQ Pulled Pork & Avocado empanadas!!! Come on in for 1st Friday
Hey, help me out here. Is Katy Perry saying that she straps babies to fireworks?
left my phone in the room -__- not missing any calls anyway :)
All my working out lately has only caused my weight to shift.While my dresses fit beautifully, I can't say the same for my pants.
Welcome to Titletown!!!
close isn't there
Now is as a good time as any to point out that Jessica Simpson is STILL pregnant.
Freedom Writers does seem good. Even if I don't use it I may still rent it anyway.
I'm starving. Bring me a dorito taco plzzzz
u gotta check my fb page for the info. Too much to retype
Happy Holidays! Best wishes to all of you! :)
You got it. Shoot us a few ideas for the next one whenever you can
Haha she's a singer on a tv show.
vinegar and water get the smell out. Seriously. Good luck!!
Secret Roast-Pork Recipe Tests Value of Real Estate - BusinessWeek
ppl be sending me tweets trying to get inside of my head... subliminal messages ;)
*Irksome task* looks just wrong
We didn't know what we were doing, but we didn't care.
love those- have been on a hunt for some good lace shorts!
Traffic is monstrous. Runners are jogging from the exit ramp to get to the start on time.
is it hot in here or is it just you?
So nice on the deck tonight! Enjoying a Big Woods Busted Knuckle ale and a Kobe Burger.
The #fullmoon looks absolutely stunning tonight.
Sound wave from shuttle launch arrived after shuttle was out of site. Kind of neat to here rumble for 20 seconds after no visual.
gay and lesbian coalition of kenya
say Alex, how can I find out about next year's BOL Party?
whaaatt? I just found out today. So out of the loop
should've been your TD but celebrating with immediately shows character & class.
"Actress to live on $1.50 a day" #cnn Funny, during the Recession, I got to do this for real!!
pets place in wm on Broadway!!
RT And share the savings! Qponomics EXCLUSIVE: Save 40% at The Limited this weekend only! Search "brands" for The Limited.
Morning all..
Looking forward to church tonight :)
yes, I'm here. Grabbing a quick lunch and I'll look to find you soon
Fuck yeah got an A in speech class ☺👍
Allegiant to launch new flights from US mainland to Honolulu and Maui: The new service will provide new economic development by allow...
you mean degenerate weirdo? lol
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
Try HubSpot’s 30-Day Free Trial to find out for yourself why they are excited about HubSpot’s inbound marketing software and advice
Anthony Johnny Di Mascio had EPENDYNOMA OF THE BRAIN. BRAIN CANCER UPDATES TO FOLLOW. TY
I've never had a burning desire to get a tattoo. Right now I want one. Of what, you may ask. I have no idea. would be proud.
Fowler Athletics Center. Suite 1010
Improvements in media measurement Time Inc. Pinpoint, says Caryn Klein. Reaches 136 mil. Comfort for advertisers.
Ricky...? That was confusing, I am now much "dumbmer" listening to him then I was this morning when I woke up.
haha I hope Jonathan said that?
Yea, I couldn't get into it.
Kids Punk Zombie Costume
i miss you toos!! I'm just a text or skype call away. And really? Cottage cheese?
Dammit Jim, I'm an actor, not a chiropracter!
Home is where the computer is.
NYC on Friday
I wish I could walk when I was 1 day old.
When you're having fun in the recording studio, it's never long enough; that's why it takes me 4 years to finish an album!
We are so happy you can join us!!
Making friends in LA frequently leads to making contacts in the most pleasing and wonderful ways.
Good Morning and Happy Monday to all from Lonestar Delivery & Process here in Houston, TX!! We're ready to serve YOU!! 877-527-5737
Im just so fucking tired.
#RaidersOfTheLostArk on almost every tv at the gym. Soundtrack on at store. Now blasting through neighbors' walls. What up universe?
The Christ in you: Prophet, Priest, and King. He is there to produce the Kingdom of God:righteousness, peace, and joy in th Holy Ghost.
Have just followed Yoxi promotes Social Innovation Rockstars; original thinkers, creative problem-solvers ...
Thanks for the heads up :(
Thanks! Enjoyed this. Never thought of it that way. Great reader comments so far, too
Whitby: Professional development has to be part of a teacher's day every day
Jesse said for ratchet he imagines tyga and i said i imagine me
As an Orioles fan I don't understand a lot of things...like celebratory gunfire, celebratory rioting and just plain celebrating anything :(
Thank You for the mention! :)
I hate this series... Had a 6 team parlay worth 2400 in game 1... Just needed Memphis to win.. Had the under on Monday. Overtime
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite people in the entire world: :) Miss you, Nate. x
“: Who wanna help me with Econ?” so many people in Madison are asking this question right now
I get back late afternoon this Sunday. I am WAY too anxious to get back and see everyone!
SAME HERE I MEAN LIKE AJKFLJALFJLDJFL;ADFJ AND BUTTERCUP LOOKED LIKE MY CAT
or he will punch yourface
Im speechless when it comes to how bad today was. I don't understand some people.
Good morning!
followed♥ :D
One of the reasons Kim is with Kanye cause his name starts with "K". -_____- See this dumb bitch?
updates to the email campaign builder, qr code mobile landing page, and added the thank you conversion.
Could someone please fire the so-called #raw and #smackdown gm please? He's no vince mcmanhon.
MOM -"Do you want me to buy you condoms?" ME -"No, I wanna have sex til I'm married" MOM- "Pshhh, that's not gonna happen." -_______- wow.
let's just travel to all the skate and surf comps and record them. And sell DVDs
so so hot, your gorgeous!
ayee but rose got that nice and1 on the 3 point
really Tiffany...
If I win the lottery Im taking my newscar to Trigg and Lauderdale and leave it running and then call my boss and say you better come quick.
thank you!
10 Daou Vineyards Grenache Blanc. Faint nose. Nice sweet/tart balance. Citrus, gravel, green apple, pineapple. Big acid. 88 pts
I hope you'll never take steps backwards. All i hear is you want to move on with your life .
Wats really good
Yeah they kept my original Trekkie geeky slides!!!
A2: Location-based apps on smartphone, Facebook check-in, etc.
“: Everybody had that asshole friend that picked Rainbow Road every single time. #MarioKart”
thanks for following! keep in touch:)
What are your needs? Maybe we can help. Contact us today, or (856)423-9233
Shit... after last night I gave up drinking. I just finished my second Captain and Coke. I may have a problem Oh, I am also out of vodka.
Still in bed....because I have no life.
Too many lame people in my lane people!
Sign Number 1,357 I Have OCD: Making sure all my starred items in Google Reader are bookmarked in
Zak, try thy brains to gain a readable chapter on Faustus.
#GOPACKGO come on
Thx. It isn't easy to run. I'm super proud of him.
Maybe I have no heart cause all I can remember was feeling so lost.
ubaldo jiminez...wait nevermind. We got the shaft on that trade.
The idiots who have been partying since bin Laden was said to have been killed are the same "college-boy" scumbags who got drunk, stoned,
Afraid not.
Seriously? The cleaning lady just cleaned my desk under my arm as if I wasn't sitting here working.
haha, just picking my roomie up. What about you?
Nice piece of hitting by #paulstar driving in alexei! Go !
Goodmorning Twitter ;) Happy Easter Sunday everyone
Thank you to Cirque Mechanics and everyone who came out for the show. It was a great success!
Im with you. That must be why we are cool. LOL. Only mess with a few RT : #Realtalk ion really like people.
I amaze myself with my metrobus riding skills :)
Congratulations on your graduation ! Well done!
lmao no I'm getting shorter
started to watch Creepshow on and it started with the standard FBI copyright warning of the day.. I don't know if I should continue
i have so much to tell you. text me cause i keep forgetting to save your number lool
Gotta whole lota money pot dat pussy fa me
I need these things! Like I need you. If you had a choice what would you choose?
RT : A real estate agent purchases a foreclosure but must evict a family of redneck squatters before she can resell.
Is u seriose he really goin to marry her?
Yaroo! Finished #Flavia de Luce's latest adventure, I AM HALF-SICK OF SHADOWS.
I have no clue what the standards are for those players. People call it a "beautiful game" but they have these guys playing.
Apparently #Chicago opted out of the #SuperMoon . Bummer
As a father of two, I'm committed to finding passive income sources so I can spend more time with my family
Hey guys-- the Friday night tour is 11:15pm-1:15am-- you have 1:15pm on your site!
Happy for Peter Konz 55th overall to Falcons
B on my first discrete math midterm! Could have gotten one of the highest grades in the class if I hadn't screwed up that diagram problem.
Back from David's. Got a LOT done. I think he gained an acre after the cleanup, Haha!!!
I wasn't born a player, its b/c of u woman y I am a player. So how can u despise what u have created. U woman made me this way so enjoy it.
Thank you to all our new followers over the weekend! Welcome aboard!
S/0 to all The beautiful and independent women!
Heading to my bathroom for some sit-down.
Planning June - Health Tech month - right now. Would you still be interested in hosting an #HAchat on tech ? :) :)
Homeschooling is great
Oh yeah, C-Webb? It's like a tip drill? I don't think that means what you think it means.
I AM SAFE AND SOUND. When are you heading down to VA?
Hi Ewan - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, following you too! Love your blog, excellent writing and info!
I speak Jive!
Hope our offer did not coerce you into joining the Twitter. Thanks for giving usabiliTEST a whirl!
#fourpeaks There's never been a better time to make a paper based book.
other times it may be beneficial to volunteer your services if you have the time. It affords the opportunity to network
I'm on an adventure in Eau Claire man
well clearly it's not me haha cuz I would be freakin out
Just saw #Chronicle! Mind. Blown. If you seen thr trailer, youve seen nothing. If you havent seen the trailer, dont. Be surprised. Worth it.
we've got some pretty insane deals on Waves stuff this month... just fyi (like L3 for under $200 insane)
Cupleanos de tu, Senor Bandito. May your year bring you A's, zombie kills, TFLs, Ws, and all around merriment.
Lots buzz re: Kansas City police live-tweeting tonight. RT : Turns out no naked person - just two angry drunk people.
education system dumbing us down. Media lying to us speeading falsehood, false doctrine creepin in...
Good luck!
follow me! it's milky :)
Happy Easter y'all 👗🐰💐
": Venison Chop, Blueberry Risotto, Port/Tomato Gastrique painted on plate then drizzles atop Venison." Where can I get some?
Holly ball sack
Home. Jiggity-jig. Today was a killer.
On the Road again.. next 6 days
What a gorgeous heaping pile of yarn that is.
we'll see you next Monday- don't be alarmed if you hear an 11-piece afrobeat band warming up the crowd before
now they are working together
Some days are marathons others are sprints.
them Penske boys always run well at Bristol! Rusty, Kurt and now
Lol your crazy RT I built da dog house for all my niggas I belong there
I hope he performs
thanks so much dude. It's going extremely well so far. Stoked!
Happy Easter. <3
because its dumb reality show?
Hey! follow back?(:
I'm not as bad as I'm made out to be.
I could give a shit less about Prometheus.
god help me i wonder i herd ipad2 with AT&T sim card can be changed and i hope things will i found a hot girl but she won't date me why?
Thanks for the #FF!
Yep it's gonna be one of those nights
are they really ? Lol
To everyone taking finals this week have fun stressin
you'll have a job. Med industry is gonna grow.
Don't rush through life trying to reach your goals, and end up missing your life (aka spending time with your family).
and baby spiders that would already be dead if I found them on my patio.
Being yourself is what everything is about...well that applies for me tho
I won't ever hate you; but I sure as hell can't ever love you again..
Knowing whether the opposition's expert witness has received payments from a particular drug manufacturer could be invaluable.
exactly. Who wants to have leftovers every other day?
we like to use wave nouveau moisturizin lotion on the Malaysian wavy hair it keeps the waves n its natural state & non greasy.
I've probably bought at least 10-15 pairs from you guys...
Chicago! RT LA, Miami, or NYC for my birthday?
I tried to follow him but he is protected
somebody asked me not to whistle and that I was rude because I whistled. I guess being happy is now officially a sin
Kind of what I was thinking. Thanks buddy. RT : Couldn't care less Danimal.
Nice feel to your playing.Thanks for the follow.
WHY do people like to fuck with quiet people so much? Not all quiet people are shy, we just don't like to YAP constantly!!
Did you rescan your avatar or did my eyeballs just go all HD?
thanks frank!
Right on bro. Thanks! Good luck with everything.
So jealous!! RT : My husband is taking me to Carmel tomorrow to go shopping at Tiffany's and Coach :) happy birthday to me
LMAO I might as well be on a subway here in NYC, reading this conversation
That too, but mostly for my job interview tomorrow. I'm so nervous, I can't sleep. & Thanks for the advice:)
catch ya next time!
Please follow me😍
sorry, I double-checked & you were right.. Neumann bowled many PBA events, late 90s and 2004-05-06 but never did get a PBA card.
the ad driven model is more than a century old.
Networking is essential for your business to learn with your customers in order to promote the message on what your business is about.
Hope you guys made your reservations :))
code for watching the notebook with your match
What's the poke button on facebook for???
shhh, my foots sleeping on the gas
Hey Twitter folk! Be sure to check out my film ! Its gonna be amazing! Stay tuned!
I don't know much about soccer. Can I be a ref, too?
Keep beating the yankees!!!!
If I Meet Peter Griffin. We Would Eat Kfc Together. And Twerk Together.
We are!!! Love u too sis! #FF RT : I lovwe that sis! it's powerful, Beautiful, and Godly
I wanna go on a vacation to Miami and Cali.
My new twitter picture is a tribute to how adorable I was when I actually gave a fuck.
Wine. The water of rich people and royalty. Beer. the water of rednecks.
I want a bad boy [;
Sick of just sports in my feed! Anyone know any good Porn Stars to follow?
it's what's for dinner
I used to enjoy Puerto Vallarta at New Year Day. Be careful.
So bored. Gonna post on The Killing and Walking Dead FB walls about their awful shows and see how fast they delete my comments.
will tweet later
oh and I finished #ACBrotherhood today..started on #ACrevelations ..really enjoying the series now more than ever
Playing at South Paulding High School friday night!! Gonna rock it out for Jesus! Amen?
Where is that photo from?
Idk, there is something about you that's making me like more and more each time I see you. :)
You'll never find the right person if you don't let go of the wrong one.
It's too bad that wine-induced giddiness at night always turns into "ugh, why do I have to be awake?!?" the next morning!
lol tell him I said "I Miss you bro" :)
Just registered for winter quarter: Info. Technology, American #Archives, #DigitalPreservation & Data Curation. *so excited* ♥
any news on trades for the packer rb?
Thanks for following and Welcome.🎨
It was lovely seeing again tonight!
Great Summer Day and iam Drinking Koolaide
Oh, just on my computer. I'll give it a look and see if it isn't too embarrassing or too french theory-ish to torture you with.
Jessica? Joshua? or Phillip? Who you got?
please follow >> !
Be there in 40 minutes! The drooling started when we left the house!
Thanks for the RT guys!
You're late.
phewww okay ^_^ nearly had a heart attack haha :P
: Under no conditions should you come up for the Loma Prieta anniversary on 17 October and have coffee with me at Epicenter.
Waiting for Ferris .Hope not disappointed!
It's hot as shit out heree omg
Which is always lol
Gonna hit up show tonight! It's at 8pm and it's at The Elephant Lab.
They pay their fair share of taxes and God rewards them. Think about it.
Kids in bed, finally able to jump on treadmill. Quick work out and then try to wind down to sleep. Day 1 biggest loser comp - it's on!
SAME! RT “: Semester grades posted tomorrow? Good. I'm excited to see my hard work translated into a bomb GPA. #winning”
CONGRATS #CLIPPERS First Round 2 Appearance EVER.. or at least in last 33 years!!!
that cuts A LOT deeper when you articulate and take it far enough to get personal. cursing just shows a loss of +
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night...
Just what i need :) I love their stuff! Where is the store?
"Thao! Stop tweeting about me!" -
I saw GATZ at the Public last night. Scott Shepherd is superb! Fitzgerald is sublime. Brava to an excellent cast and production.
- I don't believe the South Bronx is gentrifying. It's propaganda to make people think it is.
Really in a bad way about this one.... Too damn young....
I don't think Joe Oliver's position would fool Boo-Boo The Fool.
Thanks for the RT
better than me, I have been craving 4 Lionel Ritchie all week, since saw him on Ross, didnt dare put it on in salon though aha
i hope i cross your mind once in a while just so that i wont feel pathetic for thinking of you all the time
Feel like shit. Stress has gotten the best of me.
Please remember that Saturdays class will be canceled due to a funeral
when is yalls next show?:o
WMYB just played on
Great interview with Gordon this morning!
GAME OF THRONES IS THE BOMB discuss
lol it's a good thing. it's always nice to know someone gets my musical references
See ya at the big A weaver
Love is circulating the earth. #
thank you! Integrity is something I try to model for my students!
Hi Rima: Thank you for the #FF! I just recently learned what that was--I appreciate it. Have a good weekend!
writing RFPs, finishing up and interaction prototype, and putting up two dev previews...busy busy
I AGREE ALL DAY ERRDAY!!! Better then what makes yhu beautiful !!❤
i just want to procrastinate, but i know i shouldn't. the sooner i get these last essays & exams done, the sooner i'm free.
Happy christmas eve EVE!
#ASECS12 this is part of Carey's forthcoming book on Quaker abolition movement in 18c.
“: I love your bio.” It's funny because it's true.
I don't get this clown either....
Haha! RT : I could tell you where I keep my keys but then I would have to find a new hiding place
why are you pissed?
i just caught up on reading your blogs from July up till now i always enjoy them ...have a Happy birthday cheers!!!
in the home stretch now. exhausted but feeling the promise of the future! hope to see you soon. :)
can you comment on the plane that made an emergency landing today at TIA>?
Catching up on glee :)
u in blimp
#NFL Players Assn. appears to be doing everything it can for me to lose interest in pro football.
RT The new #DPC Technology Watch report on #IPR and #DigitalPreservation is at the copy editor now. Won't be lon...
I guess I'm a little bit skeptical about never. Not even a non-romantic dinner for two?
Cool stuff planed for Amici's New Years Party! You should make your Reservations today! Infact stop in tonight for dinner and make them! :)
Hope you are having a GREAT week! :
RT : "#WEATHERIZATION WORKS!!“Last year, we relied less on foreign oil than in any of the past sixteen years.” #SOTU #energy"
thanks for following us :)
did ya finally get some sleep?
oh no I forgot.. you bend over for Desta ;)
your FIRST ONE??!!? Grrrrl plz! You probably never had a speeding ticket. :)
Toddler couldn't sleep. I had to sing "Downtown" to her twice.
woah. Intense!!! Hope they end up making 2 and 3 as well! What did u think? Did u read the book before?
so where is the best place to vacation in the carolinas? i am thinking charleston. any advice?
Two words for all the single ladies out there: Handy. Man. Marry a guy with skills. They are invaluable. Love you honey!
Is there any way to see the Acrobat menu when viewing PDFs in Google Chrome? Kinda like in FireFox?
the fatigue will eventually I promise. :) Give it until about week 12-14 and all of a sudden you will feel better
Gynecomastia & advanced alcoholism? MT : Ppl ask me if I take steroids. (I have terrible bacne, miniature testicles & breastlets)
finally got the christmas tree out XD now it needs decorating ^^
Not a buy, but I think Joe Hart was their best player.
Awesome! RT : Great! Had a performance Friday Preparing for another this thurs w/
Just picked up my graduation robes. I want to cry.
imma box a nigga when i get back
i dont sleep lol nut yeah im up you up aint it pass yo bed time
Yoghurt sounds perfect to ease out the spiciness or any acidity.
That is a tuff thing to live up to. I've worked with & nobody can compare to his ability to dev, deliver and coach
RT : been telling you this for a year!!! <= This is true. I just need to listen to you more. ;-)
my parents would do the same -_-
beautiful day to keep work, work, working -- art don't make itself, you know! Oh... Wait... Sometimes it does! Outside I go!!!
a big woot out from me!! Girls next door, unite!
My parents live with me sounds way better than I live with my parents
So my iphone took the morning & afternoon off. I guess I do work the shizzy out of it. Tminus 20 minutes & I'm back in touch with da world
Damn right I'm bout
Awesome ! Glad you dig it! I will send you the press release as soon as it's finished!
MT : TAL's show was great. I take such inspiration from them, hope I can do something that good with games someday.
That's my competition? Are you fucking serious?
Which book is better Dick Morris' SCREWED or John Stossel's NO THEY CAN'T? Read Stossel book & loved it!
Hopefully the Braves aren't the NL team interested in Carlos Delgado...
Oh my gosh! According to a tweeter "Someone has been making nasty rumors about me"! Thank you so much! Good to know!
I got an interactive whiteboard (Starboard) & Elmo document camera in my k-8 library, now I need ideas on using it w/books.
thank you for the RT :)
no one used my own card haha
Asia<3 When u come to NYC? i love u <3
thank you James. All the best!
I like totally love Greyson Chance. :)
Join Google+ It's going to be awesome when people are actually on there and posting stuff!
Any time! See you Friday?
Congratulations and on your engagement!!
My view is that City should focus on core services: police, fire and trash pick-up. Everything else is on table.
Thanks Heather!
Not to your followers, darling. To your fella!
Caps and Bruins game 7 should be interesting
": Stir up waters to catch fish."
Facebook doesn't react to social norms...it attempts to change them. That's today's
no link but i can email you?!?
The Bachelorette is going to be a great season so far my favorite is Charlie ;)
IT'S THE ONLY THING I'LL EVER GET TO 1,000 IN. I'M ALLOWED TO CELEBRATE BITCHES.
I love crazy nights in the city but I hate the exhausted day that follows. Counting down till bed time!
Liz Lemon of 30 Rock sees herself as Beauty pageant winner/Jedi Master. Tiara, dress,bouquet and LIGHTSABER! I love that damn show
he deleted his account cause he said it kept messing up and crap and it was just getting annoying
Yum. I am sassified.
i like sleep.
#YouWontBeTakenSeriousIf you are being someone else. Express yourself. Not someone else.
Tony Dungy thinks Caldwell lacks emotion. New GM has to decide on SB now or rebuild. Don't see them being able to do both.
It was good. I got lots of work done and hung out for a bit with my Christian BFF Renae. still more work to do though lol
Old men talking about how amazing modern cell phones are? Boring as hell.
Girardi doesn't like Andy..maybe jealousy
I always take a long time man haha
Hope she'll share next time ;)
God thank you for the piece of mind you gave me today to deal with this stuff.
The start of something great! I have some ideas that I think you will enjoy, I'll send them over soon.
Pottery, glass artist offers classes at her home - The Newark Advocate
Grand opening of is one week from tonight--can't wait to try just about everything on the menu!
wristbands for sure. best chance it will find its way to the household. headband doesn't work if you're wearing a hat.
As long as there are tests and final exams, there will be prayer in schools.
Our patio is open!!! It's beautiful outside!!! And yes they're TVs outside to watch the #mariners!!
RT : Thank you for your easy group room reservations and peace & quiet!
congrats! Way to go man!
My tweets aren't sending wtffffff
Understood. Thanks for sending the email. I will take a look at it today and see what I can figure out.
i was laughing to hard when i saw that tweet. I was like did you really just ask where beaumont tx is at
I hate you mrs phanuef..
Was finally able to watch the series finale of Season 9 was beyond good. It makes me so sad it's over. 😢😭😪💔
Miss my best friend
Ugh! If he don't hurry up
oh, ok... that wasn't very clear from your original post RT at least San Diego's trash system isn't this bad.
Heard a kill verse from yesterday, crazy dope.
RT : Join us for Happy Hour Thursday & Friday 3-7pm in our lounge FREE BUFFET!!!!
it's reversed. did 20 last wkend, didnt know if I should do 23 this wkend then 2 week taper.Brain wants to be closer to 26.2 :)
:) RT“: show didn't just preach 2 the choir, it preached 2 my heart.love watching them every time… <3”
Cute girl gave me a dollar for my tea because the register couldn't use my card... Such a kind person!
Subjective hearing is always crystal clear.
#NICE #IAINTMADD - Good stuff - May be able to talk business with you as well
Leading up to ride day will be a Celebrity Poker Tournament and the Motorcycle Riders Foundation National Convention.
Where were these animals raised?! When you see a pregnant woman, elderly person or someone w/ a handicap: GIVE UP YOUR FUCKING SUBWAY SEAT!
In terms of fitness and battling through cancer, exercise helps you stay strong physically and mentally
get well!
found my keys! my roommate accidentally put them in her purse thinking they were hers. things are looking up!
Need to change my avi
hot summer days are almost done. wanna cum celebrate the heat by getting sultry and sexy with me? cum on over and work up a sweat with me!
I don't think you go to a play to forget, or to a movie to be distracted. I think life generally is a distraction and that going to a...
Finally someone says it! "There is no such thing as 'viral' in marketing. It's earned media" at
nice!! I'm gonna have to also get that :D I heard the iPhone 5 is really similar to the the iPhone 4 anyways!!
i wanted to keep him in my past but now he's my present and maybe even my future :D
How is the journey or the weigh of life. Get it?
That's why it's such a cliche. It was the worst part of Iron Man 2, when War Machine and Iron Man fought. You didn't care who won.
I quit for today. 401(k)/IRA paperwork is confusing and mentally exhausting.
Oww it's school.. Someone kill me!
Many have asked what my secret to success is - and I want to tell you. As soon as I can remember.
Marrying 5 boys is illegal. Choosing only one of them is practically impossible.
in total, popularity is like the stock market: past performance is no guarantee of future success. NFL MUST get ahead of this
We just passed a Christmas tree farm. I legit freaked out.
Sorry. I couldn't resist. ;)
The death to prayer is Hurry
Fellow me on Facebook/Innerstateike lol
I know so...do you have a shrine to him in your room? I don't think so lol
awesome - would love to meet you.
Hell yea - so much fun...cantcwaitvtill next time
touch your toes!
I sleep all day. I'm surprised still loves me and puts up with it. <3
#IfIwasPresident I would welcome Mexicans and other Hispanics into America with open arms
You have Roast here in Detroit. There is room here in the Lions' bandwagon for you!
great seeing you as well! Sorry I had to split. Family popped into town for the holiday.
God I miss Aaliyah...
what's up? tonight at midnight...madness...who's going to see the Avengers movie? i'll be at Rave Theater =)
runyon followed by korean bbq.
250 miles and one raccoon later, #trivia43 time.
I wish I was there. On the worst date of my life. And it hasn't even started yet.
great seeing u back in stride again!
Sharing is caring.
RT : Do you work in Downtown Seattle and want a cup of coffee from but don't want to get maced? it!
Skip Bayless loves the Weeden pick for the Browns? We're screwed.
yeah bro I just got my internet back last night. It's the shit.
Thank you to The Johnstone Fund for New Music for sponsoring tonights performance of "Blue Cathedral"
I didn't know about the new sides!
Grogan "entering hs students in Boston have a 7% chance of getting a postsecondary cred in 7 years after hs grad". Yikes.
I just want to let everyone know that looks flawless in that shirt. Just saying. <3333
#Imagine j: guess what superhero I am!!!! U:Batman...Superman...Spiderman! J:you give up? U: yep j:YOURman ;) he said and picks you up.
Birdies Eagles & Babes! Register for Dawn Rochelle Models Golf Tournament. Models + golf= joy.
Layla el is my favorite diva. Hogan I can not stand ( but I will never forget him) you are right about Brock. But I do not like
hey man I thought I was the only one who thinks Selig is a 'bot. Enjoyed you at the Friendship TOY gala on Sat.
#Bong advertisment: "the only thing wasted is you".
after seeing that dip in the promo thinking you are the #darkhorse!
Not sure why your website won't load...in any browser. Been happening for a week now. Can't check in.
wait what?
haha. yes, i grew up in a spanish speaking home, but i did not take spanish in college. does that rule me out?
you know I'm bout that life...Mason Rd. In this hoe
Tyson Jackson? A sack? Honestly, who knew Tyson Jackson was still a Chief?
Spending time w/ my beloved Mother, grandmothers and great grandmothers!!
Sitting outside at the #luxor finally enjoying some nice weather. Not ready to go home at all.
EVERYONE CHECK OUT THE NEW "WHAT HAPPENED LAST NIGHT" PAGE I DESIGNED ON
hm I would hope so. And extra hours on weekends
You think he has the power to play at 1st?
#NowPlaying Stevie Wonder "Ribbon in the Sky"
Pitino canceling his contract with Rallys because of
Leaving my bike totally unlocked while grocery shopping in Petworth is a sign of TGIF, right? Right?
Need to get a grip on what i want and where i want to be!!! Gotta figure out my life!!
It seems rare for people to be extremely good at figuring out both.
If you like sushi In The Raw was a blast of fresh fusion
JUST REALIZED MINE AND 'S BIRTHDAYS ARE IN THE SAME MONTH MINE IS AUGUST 16TH
lol (: im making music
new EP? photoshoot? music video? tour? tell us!!!
Packer Thompson reportedly considering trading citing "I just can't stand that he has better hair than I do"
Earth Day is a great time to reflect on our efforts to keep our planet Green! What are you doing to be #Green?
Otis said he'll buy me another car!
Thank you SO much to everyone that helped out our final student film, THE PICKLE. Stay tuned here for our updates on production!
ohk bro so u can hit me on instagram but u dont respond to my text fool! How bout twitter... Lmaoo
Just found out that u are awesomee!
Q; can i have your number ? A; Umm.. Na You Not My Type -__-
It's all in my stance, my persona, the sparkle in my eye, and the smile on my face that drives him wild
The challenges of the job market, and the amateurish behavior of faculty conducting searches always bears repeating.
Aww, I like her!
I am officially a Gleek. I credit you!
TODAY IS THE LAST DAY TO SUBMIT YOUR FILM TO THE FILM FESTIVAL OF COLORADO!!
I wish I knew. You blink and 5 years or more go by...
For those of you in NYC and along the east coast - stay safe, dry, and in good walking shoes :)
Rugged Maniac today...w/ the high temp @ 60. The mud & water we get to play in is going to be chilly. Awesome! Armor Up!
Ghost hunting tonight!
Webbies how do you talk each day with FRIENDS&FAMILY? What technology do you use to read, write&communicate? See the Tech poll in your email
Thank u for the beautiful sunlight. May I sleep good and pray I wake at the dawning of evening. Ready for a hard days night. Good rest first
Targeted Detroit Business Outreach today at Northwest Activity Center was GREAT! Keep up the great work Mayor Bing! You have a gr8 team!
Sitting at Einsteins enjoying my coffee, and watching two woman secretly sizing each up, I waiting for them to draw on each other
sorry for the unfollow. :) I have automated follow to make sure but it takes away the ones who do not follow also automatic.
T-minus 36 hours and counting - straight no chaser...
Going to live and breathe #socialmedia in the near future. Needless to say, I'm a tad excited. 17 days til graduation!
Got a pork belly in the slow cooker. Never cooked one before. We'll see how it turns out. Smells good...
Currently waiting to get out this house!!! Ugh can't wait!!!!
Sorry ppl. Sometimes the show The View, rubs me the wrong way.
Every fucking fast food restaurant has problems. You always end up driving all over...
Life is simple, it's just not easy. ~ Author Unknown
Wow can this day get any worse.
I just have to say, for the record, I am an EXCELLENT SISTER.
Thank you so much! xo time for another read Cher tweets segment tomorrow!
That was like a 12-tweet rampage... It was hilarious, but yet, kinda concerning.
you should go to sleep 😊
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 51
if you need any, just let me know where to send them (2/2)
Peeved at these library ebook items I cannot dl wirelessly to my iPad kindle app. Was told by Amazon that it requires a kindle with USB
should do a show at UConn!!
I really hate when u tweet me back but won't text me back
omg happy birthday n that would be cool. im going to his concert too :)
NICKI MINAJ Hosting Club LIV tonight!
RT : Come on baseball season! You can't get here fast enough! // Ditto that!!
Finally! Good grief took the viewers long enough... She should have gone home over Jaleel
I have been immersed in new heat seekers are all amazing
I mean in my head probably a foot and a half... real life, about 3 inches. Still big!
Off work!! Full week of buying and playing with new toys!!!!!!
This is a HUGE topic - and really important. Some special issues for #gifted young people AWA what everyone must face
#dwts always make me wanna go sign up for a local ballroom dancing class, lol.
haha yeah I'm definitely going to start reading more of these learning logs the HS students write lol they're hilarious
"Excuse me?" You stole Vickie's line, you hypocritical tapeworm.
A chilly 20 degrees colder out there today #pdx my spring fever is gone far far away
It has been! Just with there was more time!
Missing my bby .
One would assume that if the Dolphins believe they won't get Manning they've made some behind the scenes (wink) contact with Matt Flynn.
congrats on the Project Coordinator position w/ Oregon 150 jobby! Please o please come visit for lunch soon.
#nw : Laugh At My Pain
Today was one of the best days of the year. So much of it was filled with laughter and joy, not to mention friends.
bro RNG killed it tonight proud of em
Wow that was a huge play to end the half.
it also kicks tarts your labor if you have enough in one sitting. LOL
Did a double take on your tweet...Trampolines as an exercise class? This sounds amazing.
I think I got really sick before work today and now I'm convinced I have meningococcal.
We have won r last 2 games and in both have held our oppt's 14 min straight w/o a FG and last night went 10 min and only gave up 1 FG
GO FOLLOW ! and thank you for the compliment ;)
lol I'll do my best!
try to get that to me ASAP!!! Or !
how r u
Last day of tryouts Didnt come this far to turn around
I hate riding the bus to school.
Today was just another small, yet significant step in my radio career... I was named interim Program Director at #Hungry &
#Contagion with #MattDamon was amazing! Now I'm paranoid and investing in Purel!
just updated my iPhone app, now all I'm getting is "network error." any advice??
#TeamUnited Go! Go! Go! Go!
can we?
You want respect, you really do? Follow me and you will have all the respect you can get from me.
right? some people just don't like texting back either. Whatevvvvvs. Lol
All those who believe in telekinesis, raise my hand.
I had a splendid birthday today;)
Getting psyched for conference championships tomorrow!!
: I hope they need a Las Vegas based collections manager ;)
No way! That makes it even better!
Too funny. But you just called out a weakness of the conf. Too much of an echo chamber. Real breakthroughs need diverse input.
Yeah! lil King Kong
#hautespot Can't wait to see ! I love her! in line! so close
Don't let the rain put a damper on your day! RT Rain rain go away come again another day
it's not safe anymore!
Anyone know where I can get my iPhone screen fixed that's cheap? Dang gravity.
holey moley. i have a rattail.
Thank god it's almost Friday
Placing an order to get through the day. Waiting for you !!
you just needed to see my moms eyes light up when she watched icarly after a stressful dayy(: that's nettiee
Make it a Bud Light draft and $1 goes towards Tornado relief.
Excited for all the great books we'll be featuring in the coming weeks/months including titles by , and !
There is only one success – to be able to spend your life in your own way. – Christopher Morley
definitely want to go see
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your experience and opinions of American Air? Ping back for more info! :-)
Yeah... good call on GS today! Wish I would have taken a shot... PS. did you hit your 4000% mark last friday? Sick day
Just a boy and a girl gonna take on the world, and we wanna get caught ;)
omg yes I should o.o I'll have a parade with them. I'm off to find baby peeta!
I am easily the most humble person I know.
Hey guys. It's Stephanie here. Wassup. ✌
you got jokes!
If I said I've got moves like Jagger, would you hold it against me?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!!!(:
A Severed Head by Iris Murdoch
its the BOMB! Make sure there is some left for Wednesday :)
if youve got a fucking problem with me .. why dont you address it to my face instead of calling me a bitch OVER TWITTER .
San Francisco in 2 days!!!
being at LSU makes me realize just how much I love Belhaven :))
big screen iPhone without a phone for $500? Meh, I was prepared to spend $1000 on An Air-like tablet, not just a Kindle-killer.
you mean We Go?
aw thank you ♥
Yo this,mixtape is not a track to track mixtape its a mixed down one long track full of the best of kdub!! Been gettin alot of love on it!!
Also, use , if you don't already. It's great if you're ever stuck on an intro science concept.
I agree! Babies are totally new to me.
Dang by time u do dat its gon all b gone :(
Haha i model and go to cosmetology school as well xD Hbu? (:
The show tonight is going to be awsome bring your family ..The Baptis Conference Center Starts at 7 pm ..tickets only 5 bucks to see 5 m ...
Bacon. Maybe a bacon cheeseburger. Oh... I thought you asked what *would* you eat!
Pariah gets Cassavetes. I get another brownie.
What's everyone playing this weekend?
My mood is too dependant on whether or not I get a sale. God is good and my Provider whether I sell something today or not. #phil4:6-8
"Where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty."~2 Corinthians 3:17
new video either today, Or tomorrow (:
Me 2! RT : That is a great picture! #140MTL Denise wish you were here!
Clickbank Affiliate Tips - We will make money online with ClickBank
I guarantee you they'll give the first DLC away free. They're not THAT stupid. They're not exactly earning great PR
Got the first softball game in for the year... like 15-0!
Doom on this wind
Can't say that we are surprised about #VJ leaving. The angry villagers will REALLY be keeping a watchful eye on the #Chargers brass now.
Doing the 30 hour famine next week!! April 27-28 :)
be jealous
Excited for tomorrow! Get to start our first preliminary beta tests on the site. May the #Spooning commence!
We have a killer set planned for tonight y'all! Git the whiskey out, cuz were gonna drink til were IRISH tonight!!
Newsroom argument between Veda and Diane on the merits of flowers as a Mother's Day gift. "They just gonna die!" "Everybody likes flowers."
aww why are wrong man i liked what you were saying
so excited to be working with you!
Awesome evening with my parents and sister eating and walking around Boston's North End.
sign me up!!
By all means put on #thebelt!
Good Night #Twitter of,
You got it, will do!
And takes the prize. Well done
how are you?
Booked another small profit playing cash. I'm going to try to win this tournament before I go check out the night life.
haha... I dont know if I'm gonna do it. Like just still, who would take it and how do I ask him? :p
Good night twitter tweeps! Opening my store again tomorrow.working until noon, then downtown for
Heyy chick!! I found you before you found me! and tell Jess to make one!!!!
#LTBroadcasts "Over in France the Chamber of Deputies is having a red hot debate about the fate of the Minister of Foreign Affairs"(5/7/31)
feeling better. Had a great first Xmas with the kid. Hope you and yours are equally well.
indeed it does! also, I honestly feel called to be in the business side of the music industry. SO many good hearts&lost souls
RT : RT : Is NYPL being transformed from a great research library to a "book delivery service"?...
Alive And Grinding...
Carlisle: Seeing Kidd out there was a sight for sore eyes, but great...
I am producing a play named "Beirut". This is now the twitter page for the production. Welcome, welcome, welcome!!! STay tuned for more!
No problem! :)
thanks Danny! That's the way to finished game 1. Set an NBA history. :)
5-830 tonight mention this tweet and get HALF off your drink;)
5th floor Marriott salon A , leg & B&F open house
but are they broken up? They still seem to be together?? Or is this song also about stalking?!
thx for the heads up about Code4Lib Midwest group. I signed up. :)
Up in bemidji trying to figure out a way I can get out of going to this wedding 2nite to see rob schneider perform in the nearby casino...
Trillions music video has commenced shooting. And a slight return to directing
We will be reviewing submissions on a case by case basis through mid-March, send them in!!
whats good wit the good
trying not to cry since my husband is stuck in Spokane
- How much $$ each yr does a VA employee receive for training? Interested in OI&T specifically, if it differs by org
no problem girl
Thanks a bunch!
Me and Melissa are tweeting at the same time because we are sexy~ -Katy
Happy Birthday!
Nothing worse than a nosey ass guy...
i got it thx u
ill keep you warm ;)
Congrats! #diversity #tv #film RT : Panel is wrapped! Kudos for spectacular discussion
wrapping up a little project. I'll hitcha up shortly, gangsta!
I'm really feeling this Steampunk thing!!
you're sexy. just saying.
Brendan Crawford made it.
Need a last minute Christmas gift? Buy a membership to a local museum or two!
There is nothing more disappointing than seeing food in the refrigerator and not being able to eat it.
yo! I'm so in the mood to 6afeh ppl lol wanna get on Z today? Lol
And on later. Perfect! Conveniently enough, it's past all the Ban fans' bed times. Guess they won't have to dramatically suffer after all.
I've just got home and OhMyGod it was horrible walking in the rain and wind :(
Walker's opponent, Milw. Mayor Tom Barrett has done nothing to improve the lives of the people he represents. Defeating Walker? 150 to 1.
Free tickets for UW Women's basketball game on Sunday at 2PM. Who wants them? #free #basketball #madison #uw #badgers Please RT.
Too bad Mark. Looks like I'll have to keep road tripping to Wisc. Are you a seller or manufacturer. Where are you located?
I'm just now schooling myself on the semantics
May La Forge be with you!
Chilling at Zona nightclub with waiting for the squad to hop on stage and do they thang NVME
Lmfao , As Soon As You Come Back You Getting Suspended Again .
I have the biggest head ache right now
On my To View List: Dark Shadows and Sound of My Voice.
What to have for dinner tonight?
Bby, get out of the ghetto and over to my house so we can watch Toy Story together. I'm all lonely.
Early Morning Writing Session. After That Imma Get Some School Work Done
Good luck to all the FAs. This is your time. Make an impact!
My #mcdonalds coffee tastes like pipe smoke.
What made Peyton a successful QB? A good tight end a la Dallas Clark & Marcus Pollard.Good pick by Indy in the 2nd round for Luck.
... My boy Adam $_$ .. Gonna tweet your ass every fucking day.
Is thankful that I have my favorite episodes of #BattlestarGalactica on my phone for quiet workdays Watching SCAR right now Gods I miss
#Rampage strings together back-to-back goals for the first time since 1st qtr, pull within 16-10.
on mi mind #teambreezy at all times
I'm off today, so lots of free time.
I think you're right. last I looked the mass of bees wasnt there. whew.
Shuga on both lips before work :) 😏
lol, not yet, but with Republicans writing crazy laws everywhere, you never know! :)
Some1 who really luvs u sees wat a mess u can b, how moody u can get, how hard u r 2 handle, but still wants u in they life.
Rap is a random one night stand..hip hop is looking into the eyes of your lover while making love..such a difference
We're put into these situations so that we can grow. Don't worry. We'll be alright. Carry the fire
Stressed out and Im out of school!
Oh! What did you think?
I really like both of them!(: <3 #LoveYou!
More live music... Snow Patrol at The Paramount.
nope, one more year at UWW. Basically reconsidering the mission statement and where our bottlenecks are.
I find it funny how the colors red, white and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.
Pasty white skin u used to be coal.
So its defense or bust this draft
No one knows better than you! You've got our windows! Thanks so much for the tweet. You rock, sister.
Start each day expecting a pleasant surprise and you will always get it.
Turn the music of life on and get up and dance to a new rythmn, stop just sitting around, bopping your head watching others dance.Get hyphy!
Don't get caught in a toot cloud. You know what we're talking about Be prepared.
can i get a #RossMorganRager shirt ?
What is life for a niggah like me.?
RT:“ Chase your dreams, make memories while on the way...”
I think you're the only one who is sorry for that one. The guys I know just don't fucking care
you can hold off for 24 more hrs. I'm bout to fill up my kiddie pool and get busy tho.
Love's Wordpress!
Lol, you are cute my crazy friend haha!
Pretty sure I've cried during every episode of Private Practice this season. I bow to the powers and genius of and cast.
Oh god no! We at least mingle with the little people! “: Are you the Annoyed Librarian in disguise?
please check your DM for the email address
My goal by december is to have around $5000 in la savings and around $5000 in my betting account betting $500/game, 1 game a day.
Free Allergy Wristband Giveaway. Like out FB post to enter. Winner will be announced in May, Allergy Awareness Month.
In HS drank 6 cherry cokes from Steak N Shake then my BFF made me laugh so hard I peed my pants in the driveway on a double date.
And the Red Cross has started stalking me again.
EVERYONE PAY ATTENTION!!!!!! follow this awesome DIRECTIONER she's AMAZAYN :D
RT Der Spiegel joins calls for #Greek #exit from #euro. The genie is out of the bottle. #emergencyexit?
congrats Tony! this is awesome!
I already hear it now bruhh can't waitt
there is a point when u beat a dead horse - and when they put me there - they expect a pheonix - but what they get is a buried horse
I'm still really sore and I have 24 hours of amusement park tomorrow
I like cats because I am just like them : tiny, sneaky, annoying, and sleeping 23 hours a day.
Ish way too long & more prepared than a crappy sandwich at 7-11. Brutal...bottom of leaderboard
Who's here at #SxSW !?
What did those who watched #Tiger think of his media sesion@ #Masters? www.ussportspages.com
nice try
We're thrilled. Thanks for the mention and keep an eye on some great things coming up.
Just saw a lightrail train drill the front end of an MTA truck parked on the tracks. That was a lil scary, everyone seems alright though
Brain Floss: According to the ADA, 42% of daily smokers age 65+ were completely toothless, compared with 20% of non smokers.
I'm calm now.. Haha but that wasn't funny!! If I see you in the hall today your In for it!!
You said tomorrow yesterday...
well there's one positive thing from that, no school tomorrow
Congrats to and the new officers of the 2011-2012 Executive Board!
Wow. What a series! Tough way to go out, but the #Blackhawks fought all the way until the end.
GOOD LUCK with your FIDM interview! You'll do amazing! We'll have lots of celebrating to do in the bahamas!!
trying hard not to covet a snickers bar. Stay healthy. STAY HEALTHY.
there's a few parties happening.
happy b day
Indeed, I'm 30.
I just let my Mind wander, but it didn't come back yet.
I don't know if anyone else is feeling Shonda Rhimes' 'Scandal' like me but that women better write! Love this show!
#TeamXtina killed it!
I figure she'll be a badass by default with a name like Ludmilla, right?!
Wednesday's show may be postponed, but THURSDAY's SHOW IS STILL ON! Join us 11/10 @ iLounge for Karaoke and Spoken Word! 7p-10p
Congrats to www.dodgingdiabetes.org for winning a Silver 2010 Communicator Award! Kudos !
Let's go Bucky!
joins me right now talking Rod Smith joining the #Broncos Ring of Fame.
Just watched #TheIronLady-#MerylStreep did a brilliant job,a great actress.
I aint been on a plane in a minute ..
Without a trace is an awesome show!
All new men's shoe just arrived! We'll have it up really soon :-)
and thank you!
Handful of Occupy protesters now marching to city/county building, handful staying back at camp to work
Khan Academy started for kids but needed for returning adult students!
RT : Congratulations to (and all of us in his district) on this most-recent failure of
him at this point in time to people just getting to know him.
neither will I!
sweet. I'll actually be in on Thurs. has a show @ McGann's Fri. Plans?
kinda crossfaded. Haven't done that in a long time. Lol I was just drinking wine tho, it was my sisters 21st bday lol I was buzzn
#ccid2012 this Sheraton has free #starbucks. Aren't you jealous ?
this extreme coupon show is nuts!
LOL: what up out the window?!!! Just saw that. LOVE YOU!
just signed up for a complimentary 3-day pass. I miss the Boston club so much... this may be dangerous.
Its gonna be a long night!
Who invented text messaging? Good invention but that's all ppl wanna do now days,jus call me wtf ..
so how is ur summer so far. i hope it's been lovely. mine will be much better when i have off from classes for a month!
Fave from poem by Queen of Hungary ~ The Lord does daily anew imbue me
So I see the bitching about signing recalls has hit a new low in outing sports reporters. I wish I was surprised.
do it and let me know when ya do! :)
oh fun! Lol
when are you going out again ?
thanks baby!:D
RT : In Leimert Park for the Found LA orientation meeting
come play some ball up here in the hoosier state
Goal USA!!
I hate girls who talk shit after you already fucked them 5 billion times.
I will send him by faulty jetpack
In the studio JVMTxGOODLIFE
I am defiantly making another Twitter Account Tomorrow.
Omg please pray for my wife had to rush her to the hospital 😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
Wayne from Baltimore - With the loss of Chauncey Billups for the season are there any veteran PG's that the LAC can get in a deal
RT : #Austin look at the baby look at the baby.know someone with a newborn? Refer that person to me get 20% off your session
An acre of performance is worth a whole world of promise ~ Red Auerbach
I am a chef in Baltimore a strong focus on local/sustainable sourcing, especially for seafood
WOW! Pray for Junior Seau family... Hard to see his mom cry... :'(
Thank you to the LiveOpenly Community - Keep and eye out for your next great Opportunity - Courtesy of LiveOpenly.com
How weird does it feel to be back at ? Very very very.
RT : Have Fun tonight but Don't Drive Drunk! Remember Designated Drivers save lives. Here's to a Happy New Year!
The best changes often start single, simple thoughts. Think big, & discover how to make your dreams real.
Can't wait for Sunday's season finale of TRUE BLOOD. Packer game? What Packer game?
Dreading my drive to the gas pump :/ what is it like $4.39 for unleaded nowadays in LA?
Plenitude. Pedestrian intensity. What to do about the :: kinetic energy of indifference? (Which is, we say, about the eye.)
Back at it!!!! One long day of showings and listings
Sluggard is a great word.
You can only imagine what people are saying when talkin & driving on the phone. "WHOAH! Hey I almost hit that guy!"
“: Flight attendant grabbing hung up coats "Is that jacket Margiela?" #ThroneFlight #BestFlightBacktoLAEver”
On average 40% of all people who come to a party snoop in your medicine cabinet
haha I haven't played it that much to find out mine :/ I better be one of the two at Least.
My Name is Khan
for being so attractive. Kidding....not really.
You're killing my poor friend in the Webby voting. He's not famous like you, so that's not very fair, John.
Take a look at the viedo on Youtube.com look at your head-Les deal.com and let me know what you think.
I fake the dates on my paper, so it doesn't look like I did it last minute
My Knicks pissed me off yesterday, but thanks to Marylands own Durant OKC. I slept well.
Peanut Butter Jelly Time In Iraq: via
Failure teaches success.
I don't have cable! :(
im headed to nyc this weekend. Which is a shame as I'll miss the next bit where the apes with sticks bully everyone else.
Trade secrets are a growing area in Idea Protection
ill be there a little after 7. 😘
Possibly all one could do is dream to end up with the correct regrets.
well that explains the emptiness in my world! I'll get on it right away. Hope you're well!
Spinning 's EP right now. If you haven't heard it yet, pick it up on iTunes or buy it this Friday at #kylestock!
Downtown Indy is so sick
get the water bottle out the refrigerator.
Rooting for Greg Clayman.....Welcome home Kara....on my way to Mexico City
Home listening to music by my self and taking shots cheers to this whack saturday
I look like #jakeryan today.
the best thing about the Instagram/Facebook news is all the wacky apples to brussels sprouts comparisons being made here about value.
Holy Geez! Nevermind - First shoot of the week is being rescheduled... I MAY have a new son arriving today =)
Thanks for following!
Interviewing about his new book WIN FOREVER for our podcast today. Got questions? Send them my way!
Oddly, the stoplights were still on in Lemon Grove/La Mesa as I drove home.
I'm in love with , having just discovered her. Have you read her blog? LOVE
one of my favorite songs in life!
progress report: i've successfully held it down on the couch all day today.
Yep, only way to go “: I am the presentation. My slides are just my visual jokes. #shehechat”
I love you to! ♥ And your life stories!
Goodnight ,until the sun lights ancient fires in sky's that have seen great change and centuries of beauty dream hearty and awaken new:))z
Inspired by DOL's fabulous twitter chat on Equal Pay last week, I've returned.
*sigh* “: Don't allow your wounds to transform you into someone you are not”
I went to elementary school there!
Hope you feel better
Visting my old city, Oregon City!
... But they are lathering themselves with sugar for the maggots. They have the nerve to ask for a discount with one breath...
The Independent site asks, "Would you like to purchase tickets without a service charge?" Why yes. Cheapest Feb 27 tix @ their box office.
make this putt baby
These car dealership so. Jank... Raised dey prices cuz its tax time n financial aid time
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
Neither have I!
we need to think about a holiday show..... u in?
Let's hope I sound youthful and professional in my vo audition :)
You can’t survive if you can’t persuade someone to engage with you. What behaviors are you trying to elicit?
I love you ♥12
you forgot to mention "in 3-D"
“: we found your one Iowa voter, he's in Linn precinct 5 you might want to call him and say thanks.” - wowzers
#howrace early prediction team five wins
Just biked 7.4 miles -- feels good.
Answer: Because I am a professional.
need someone to talk to but everyone is sleep -__-
Girl, told me I wasn't funny so I started Flipping Tables!!
ya i hardly knew him and i miss him.
Happy New Year. 2012 is gonna ROCK! Swear.
I need a vacay. Few more weeks til Cali.
She went to the front door of the first house and asked the owner if he had any jobs for her to do.
PORTLAND ZINE FEST tomorrow at The Refuge, 116 SE Yamhill. See ya there.
i'm super excited to go to chicago to see the Boyz too <3
Some of my friends need to be a little nicer to people.
Suitable addition to the Serra list of verb list compilation? "to put your beer on"
Congrats , you were picked for Review of the Day by Carey M: "BRGR is a great place to get drinks and comfort food with friends..."
I CAN'T TAKE IT CUZ I'M LONLEHHH!
Every Smith Ever
yw and thank you too
While sales pitches through a general inquiry form rarely work, I have a soft spot for them recalling the days when I thought they might.
Must edit. Must edit. Must edit. Must edit. Must edit.
The sooner you fall behind the more time you’ll have to catch up.
So tired. Not even midnight. Had a hr and a half nap. Whas wrong with meh?
...tho the Paula Deen "Hey y'all" drawl is non-existent in NOLA. Folks sound like they're from NJ/NY
Making up a lab today...
Hawaii on Friday
Helping kick off 2nd annual US Hwa Rang Do Kumdo tournament in Alexandria. Last year's tourney was in my district at Kilmer MS.
I was generally underwhelmed and didn't like all of the new parts, but I found it interesting in an academic way.
I wish they would realize it's not a bad thing. I'm having a great time.
ignore the reviews! our prices are just as low as they ever were! Come see us open till 9!!! :D
YOU'RE 15 MINUTES AWAY FROM THE END OF THE SEASON AND YOU'RE STANDING AROUND TALKING IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ROAD
How many more until we do something? RT : City Police are investigating the fourth shooting of the night. Stay with FOX45
wide awake. try to coax sleep, or give in, get up, and work?
Yes! So delicious. RT : Have you tried the new crab cakes yet?? Another spring menu fave!
The highest reward for a person's toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it. -John Ruskin
have a good publicist and marketing team and IA you will see a big difference.
I just posted about exhaustion if you are interested =)
OKAY OKAY!
He's only 2 years older than me, that's why
yo whats goodie? my phone broke down and I lost all my numbers..just found you on this though..
RT : #atlwomen Provide free services as a way to build credibility.
#ilovesoc300 I played w/the Prof I'm-madly-in-love-with's dog while my bball bf yelled at a guy for sitting next to me:D
I hear Chicago's looking for QB these days... RT : Filed to ESPN: Denver Broncos waived quarterback Kyle Orton today.
#Miami what's good.
Follow Me back??
Epic fail.
You're missing an "and" before "David Beckham," right? RT: David Beckham is very attractive. That's all I have to say.
got the boys rapping on my phone.(:
I just read the synopsis of the Descendants. Whoa but it looks like a miserable downer of a movie.
Then I watched the game vs Espanyol again. It was as if trophies were no longer motivating. Love 4 Pep was.
It's a lot of hair coloring going on at the today!
I hope so <3
2 hours left of work...
Dope!!! Super exciting RT “: Are you #ready??? For the online store!! ”
We have House of Blues tickets available at a discount for our show on June 8th! Just let any member of the band know or reply here.
holiday party last night was pure awesomesauce. i have 2 questions though: was i hit by a bus last night and where did my voice go?
How is everyone doin?? Still waiting for that call from let's go!
Partying tomorrow with my crew(;
So, take your best shot #BYU fans....what will be the score this weekend vs. Air Force?
#sowhatyouresayingis you have really lewd dreams
Thank you. RT : Good luck with the retooled resume...you write with intelligence and grace.
cuba y tu
#ThingsIDislike people who talk in the movie theater
by all means. U r up early huh?
bang bang bang!
thanks for the follow! Look forward to your tweets!
So much for an Osama/Dubyuh reunion tour...
dear wp plugin devs who use echo and document.write for scripts and styles - you suck and i hate you. get it right.
Lots to do!! Never taking another Sunday off!!!
The bus just crashed
you would either become like superwoman and bench 300 or your heart would rip itself out of your chest and run away.
It's hump day already? Come in and get grilled-- have our Grilled Chicken Salad Sandwich! Served w/ swiss, cheddar and a confession!
thank you - you responding like that was actually pretty great! :-)
Can we truly live in the "Now"? Not in the past and not in a future that isn't here yet, but "Now"?
