I got Merle, Willie, George Jones and friends on the box Rollin to Austin for
There is now a liquor store and a beer/cheese shop in the shopping center with my gym. Vertical integration, fuck you.
Oh, so that's where Kid Cudi has been hiding...
In a meeting discussing art installations. Fun stuff.
Thanks, Chip! I'm in good company. “: congrats on the new gig with !”
im so sleepy idk why
Sorry..from BattleofAtlanta &PKA; our admin assisting JerseyGirlCouture & mistakenly sent info to our contactgroups . Pls forgive!
I'll be at the bullfrog tonight in Redford, tv 20 new show called shame or fame live recording tonight. You should be here. let's go tigers!
Aw man, would I LOVE to be at this hockey game right now.
seriously missing you right about now
: In BK hatching a master plan with and
Getting 5 miles in before work this morning. But on a treadmill. It's cold in WI!
hi there! I'm so glad you are interested in voice & accent mod! Keep checking back, I should have my website up soon.
Wow, that's a beauty. Can't wait to see what you make with it. :)
staying up all night would have been productive if i spent it actually doing something....fuck.......school
hm...I may have a couple quarters over here for you if need em...I think that Super Vac at the car wash is like $.75...LOL!
On my last tweet... the profound neglect of men and our justice system towards the wickedness of rape didn't happen in OT see Genesis 34
RT This company does awesome acid stains on floors and pool decks etc. Great on to follow www.AcidStainer.com
Umm, no charges against Bernie Fine! Travesty.
I have enough money to live comfortably for the rest of my life, If I die next Tuesday.
Thank you for the breakfast & dvds. you made getting up at 7am worthwhile.
I'm a poet and I write lines deeper than tha grand canyon, as I get higher than tha tip of Mount Everest!
Bill has passed.
Good night for a beer on the roof.
Second math test in a row I was done first.
Need a cup of tea, just instantly makes me warmer.
I pass by some class room and see a bright ass teal head. Oh yeah that's :D
Thanks for the #FFs and ! Have a great Saturday!
My last final today, stoked!
Hear via my last tweet aka
Hi, I'm super depressed. Thanks for adding to my self hatred.
Power music? What music fuels your run?
I'm personally not a fan of that airpark. Whitted is the better airport.
Thanks for the #FF love : )
Very cool idea. Mind sending us more details at ?
KLM LAW GROUP W/ SOUTH FLORIDA TIMES presents: South Dade Father's Day Celebration 2012 JUNE 6TH!
I am so speechless at how creepy this situation is.
much appreciated Rhonda; you also have a fab day
😖😔💤 how do yall think i feel lol
Loving the Tempted sing along...the #squeeze concert is fantastic and they sound amazing!
Whats g ma, i hope you having a good Friday so far...
We're having a neighbrhd event in your area this Weds, we'd love to have parents who live there at event to share perspective
Relieved are safe and sound in TN and OH! Now... hoping for minmal damage with family in TN! xx
! Sending our deepest gratitude and love your way! Your support means so much to us! Thank you, sister! You are making waves!<3
Check out our new Boston apartment videos @ YouTube.com/ProperRG. Request apartments to be filmed!
Where can I get the best deal on a flight between san Diego and las Vegas?
big ten network sucks... no one cares about uofm basketball
Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action. - Benjamin Disraeli
oh gosh! lol swag daddy.
Well i guess it's true laughing is contagious.
You know what i mean! Smh RT : seriously needs to fix this spam stuff... Been goin on for to long
I'm back, baby.
Who would u rather help w your household or business budget\investment? One knows growth or 2 keep spending? #Romney or #Obama?
OHMYGOSH. you have the BEST taste in guys. is so attractive.
What kind of idiot signs up and starts trolling a timezone database maintenance mailing list? Wtf people.
It counts to me too lol.
John Travolta gets right to the point!
Sure ! ^-^ ill check out their music !
Yes I do, it rocks!
We're looking into it! Looks like a pretty fun game. Seems like Sim City with extra personality.
5am her and im full ofg stash
Good night everyone there will be the smell of breakfast waiting in the morning and tht splash of sunlight will just make it even better!
yeah I know I heard!
I can't wait for Thunder!
Researchers present a shiny new tool for imaging biomolecules At the heart of the immune system that protects our bodies from disease and
hey Dallas I know we haven't talked in a while just wanted to say hello
If you need beats cam I got you, all types, I do PR and I make logos/mix tape covers, HMU IF U WANNA DO BUSINESS MY DUDE
Ugh. #Facebook looks different again. Twitter, you are the new constant in my life.
Good morning tweeps ! : )
#FF great insights are gained by following
Poor Sammy :( and jack. Emily belongs with jack not Daniel
try power cycling the cable box (unplug and replug from power outlet)
Thank you for this. RT Truth is stubborn. Our nature, our secret hearts can only hide for so long. ~ UP FROM THE BLUE
RT : Every day of your life is preparation for the next - what seeds are you sowing today?
ha! Sure! I just need to get a bike :)
All about Bon Ivor right now. Is everybody else over his angelic falsetto by now?
for a little R&F investigation at a home on Chappy
knew that pne was real!:) I subscribed u!:) RT? Follow? :) LOVE YA!♥
is steeped in production contracts, scheduling, travelling, and hitting the bull's eye...
took me almost two hours to get to dulles airport. now leaving at 730 for an 11 am flight doesnt seem like overkill
#MorningMotivation Never doubt that a small group of committed citizens can change the world - M. Mead
Ok, 2 miles down while listening to Cecilia Bartoli singing Bizet. Exquisite and surreal at twilight!!
At least Romney allegedl bullied dudes.
I like how earlier I was so tired I could pass out and now I'm not tired at all. What is my problem?
"End of the Road" by Boyz II Men is in my head. Haven't heard it for years.
re CrowdStrike. Fight snake oil with snake oil!
his back hurt already?
Todays weather is awsome but on a monday seriously
Also: nervous about the Man of Steel movie and Henry Cavill's look reminiscent of 90s-era mullet Superman.
just a Reminder about Sunset Island Music You can follow us at www.twitter.com/sunsetimusic and www.facebook.com/sunsetislandmusic
Morning y'all ;)
we love you more mama <33
It's quite ironical that more teenagers watch Mad Men (set in the 60s) than old people (especially those who grew up in the 60s)
this just made my day :)LOL
Love this idea, when you start looking at nonprofits, is a great one, but I am slightly biased ;)
Man idiots like that make me shake my head. I don't blame athletes for not being on twitter when I see hate like that.
The old m and m connection!!! Go giants!
Im looking for females that can bring 5 other females out to the club every thursday friday and saturday for free and get paid
Everywhere is full of nerds. We just feel safe here ;)
can i write with gasoline on your drive way and light it up ?
Thanks for the warning. We're locking up all the Bud Light and "trim" now.
if i won id like to peek under the hood to learn from a theme i liked.
Hahahaha! Well it is known that The Prophet (pbuh) was an ardent lover of cats. He would often give sermons with his fav cat.
Wanna get a tweet from he's the best and I love him and his family
Who's having a #greathairday today? Share your photos with us!
in a word. nah.
what kinda girls do u like?
What up folks!
Thanks Julie Marie for a great session on organizing your E-mail!!
C-wood! A-Rodg! Grant! Da pack!!!! Wow!
Why you gunna act like that ?
we're big fans of and
Wow. This is complicated. Slow go this show.
Remembering those who gave the ultimate sacrifice for our country. Thank you.
I won't stop now!
Mets Win, Rangers Win, Rays Win...that is all. Goodnight tweethearts ❤
thats y i said how much would u charge cuz for it lol n i know but i aint got time to do a photoshoot for all the otha pics
You were looking pretty darn cute but you disappeared. Great pirate outfit ;)
Oyeee I love a new phone but learning how to use it is ridiculous bligh :p
is not going to downtown poundtown?
Its all good!
Hey hun, thanks for following. we'd love to connect
we are good for now, but will keep you in mind for the future for sure! thank you.
Still looking for a job? Come to our Resume and CV workshop tomorrow at 3:30 in Zimmerman Library, B30. See you there!
I got.to fucking blown yesterday!!
Wait till I get home, damnit! lol
Working on my personal branding. New business cards, new resume. Getting around to the blog.
Not near a TV but glued to my #twitter to see all the best #eredcarpet looks! Maybe a #redcarpet hair video next week perhaps.
FREE Moscato til 11 at #NOTTE!!!! Ladies come enjoy a couple glasses on us #MME=Swag
The new wine pairing features sure are a hit! If you haven't checked us out yet - you are missing out!
Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play. - Heraclitus
Watchin Dmx and his wife tryin too reconcile on this tv show. X use too be my dog but #Cocaine is a hell of a drug.
no D;
but like right now dude i feel like taking over the world or having like the best yolo day today
well.. The lyric would be "Mississippi Beauty" but.. We can change it to that, I'm ok with that.
THIS! RT : Wearing white for
Happy birthday to
Oh yeah? Nice. Thanks for checking it out!
don't forget losing Salisbury
slacker! Lol just kidding. I was fortunate to go to both and i watch the DVDs a lot :-)
Out of leftovers? Come to us and have a Turkey Day Calzone. It rules.
Haha heat fans. SHUT UP!!
...said several thousand laughing Rangers fans as they logged on to StubHub.
giving me a complex now...but she's the only one who has mentioned anything
flips her lid at #CA52 DNC Delegate vote when she sees an opponent's signage. Verbal abuse and intimidation ensues.
In the New Music Spotlight, Hear the 1st SOLO SONG from Kix Brooks (w/Joe Walsh) since Brooks n Dunn at 8pm!
I watch ur show everyday, love u girl :)
ME TOO! 30 Rock, chocolate cake, glass of wine, and uke practice.
see you there
If the shoe don't fit..don't wear it
hey! I see you on the anime cons mailing list :D
ooh was it good?
Just staring at my comp screen waiting for 4pm.
I want to say thank you to all the actors out there who really give it their all you rock and you WILL MAKE IT!
Doors of opportunity open to those who continually knock, keep knocking and the doors will open!!!;)
Billy Martin's record as a Yankee manager was 556 wins, 385 losses, two AL titles and one world championship.
Very True #AriaaQuotes When the voice inside your head and heart speak, LISTEN:)
yea after you
I have yet to see any prblm—however complicated—which, when looked at in the right way, did not become still more complicated —Poul Anderson
Blue Venom my new FAV
At #ad:tech NY? Don't miss Fanscape CEO at the Marketing to Teens and Millennials: Creative Showcase of Digital Success Stories session
can hardly wait to see them! It's the
Thanks to the dudes in for hanging with us! Fun show!
I heard you were a wild one ;)
whats up? How was the show?:)
Hi, Lacy. I'd like to RSVP for tonight's #MF. Thanks!
Happy birthday,
RT Electing Santorum would solve our immigration problem but create an enormous one for Canada.
“ Jus gotta order my shoes den I'm done”
Rivers Monroe will be having a contest so fans can win some REALLY COOL STUFF. This will happen soon, so stay tuned RM fans! -RM
DO U KNOW ANY 1 DOING DJ HOST ON MIXTAPES IM TRYING TO GET A HOST ON MY TAPE
yes u r! imma wear my jb shirt tat day
How's ? He's jealous why Simon don't called him to be a judge, maybe in the next season if Brit & Demi didn't renew the contract
New business idea...vegan food for travelers. There is no vegan friendly food in airports! Thanks for the idea
Its the presidents of the united states of america at #bestofseattle2010. What'll they think of next?
“: Don't forget to enjoy your families, the outdoors, and depressurize this summer #flipclass”
I could talk myself into Aubrey O'Day.
ARE YOU TELLING ME MY STUFF OFFENDS YOU haha
Need a boo for a movie this weekend, 1st time i'm off thur, frid and sat! say Word
We're taking time to update our own #socialmedia strategy today. Is your company adhering to a realistic, measurable strategy?
how did your Angels do??? Its funny you only tweet when they win
thx for follow, returning favor, peace {^_^}
Ur Dallas on Austin and Ally? I love ur character ! (:
no ma'am she is trying out for cheer
Thinking Ruthven. RT : so which member of the Fantasic Four gets to ride the pine and never see the pitch again?
AY BAY BAY
Lebron said that games aren't won or lost on the free throw line....um yes they are. Lol
We all packed up and ready for my weekend with mike
Hey software thought leaders...the first 5 replies to this tweet will get $100 off a two day pass to ALM Chicago.
Instant addict: trying to devour the entire podcast library in one go.
It helps but the Jazz have a bright future and they TRADED AWAY their star.
Whether it's work or school
CREATURE opens SEPT. 9th!
Washington Redskins 28 Baltimore Ravens 21 End Of 3rd #redskins #ravens #nfl (Via )
Tip of the day: If you want to make music but you dont know how then alls you got to do is hire a professional music maker.
okay bye everyone! see you at 3pm♥
Absolutely! We got a lof of work to do in this hip-hop and education thang. And thanks for the shoutout on the Trayvon essay!
A fabulous and special #FF to ! HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRLFRIEND! xoxox
Looking forward to the #LittleBrownJug mini-site to go live tomorrow!
Fight on in one room--Luther playing in the other--one foot in both rooms
my fav show ever
i love cute guys! <3
lol, I don't think is bad after all. Band members wear them at shows so yeah!
#5ThingsICantStand My crush, Ben Richards, Girlfriend
NEED MORE FOLLOWERS, #RT PLEASE
Boys, if all of you don't look like Calvin Klein models, don't expect us all to look like Victoria Secret models. <3
that would be tight but i wanna know what are the specs of the iphone 5 before i get hype
If you want to live with all I have to give I need to feel true love or it's got to end
Another easy-content tip: G+ hangouts-on-air allow you to livestream & then record to Youtube (soon to be avail for everyone).
“: I would pay more for an iPhone if it were made in the U.S. #iEconomy” <-- I would.
If I had a dog...and lived in the Austin area...he/she would certainly be spending time They ..."love dogs for a living!"
First time I met him I was like wow... this kid needs to lay off the caffeine. Bo Jackson is hilarious
Rooms should be timeless. Sister Parish
- thanks guys
I WILL DO ANYTHING YOU WANT IF YOU REPLY TO THIS. LITERALLY ANYTHING. :) <3
talking bout ur commentary last night with friends today; gave lots of us chills! Nice job!! It's a talker today.
SAP takes on Oracle in database war
“: Words never spoken: "Well, I finally have enough clothes", said the woman.” I am saying it now I have enough clothes!!!!!!!
": Too tired to fap even."no such thing
Bagels and sandwiches are good though...try Park St branch, it has a better vibe.
you (and me) need a tub of frosting with a few bites of cake on the side
so why is it still in the Bible? And what do gay people have to be saved from? Themselves?
thank you!!
I ain't hatingg lol .. What would my name be if i was jewish ? lol
I don't think you have anything to worry about ;-) Besides, the flight to LA is pretty short. I'd commute!
Exactly. RT : New motto: Chill the f--- out.
ite whatever then since you wanna play this game again.
should be officially retired, he deserves that honor
off to the Black Room tonight to pick out a top for tomorrows Heavy Metal tribute shoot
Double Rainbow!
Is the #Brewers Game on the radio in Milwaukee?
That's his turd face.
good jazz xylophone is the shit!
Thank you, Mike! RT : Good luck to all our friends at for the show in Miami and to for his seminars!
for what it's worth - USAA is totally great. and they have amazing customer service.
So did I. Feel great. Now it's time for bed.
I love how Daniel Murphy is a trending topic hes been my man since he joined the Mets in '08.. about fuckin time others recognize greatness
Thanks for your fantastic voting tool and impressive technology that allowed us to win the #launchfest Pitch Competition!
What part of town are you in? , , , or might be nearby.
I'm a little lamb who's lost in the woods. I know I could always be good to one who'll watch over me <3
LOLOLOLOL ya I like that
Update #icma11...waters st is the place for food and drinks!
VIBE 's New Interview With New Boyz On VLN TV! VIBE sat down with the group New Boyz for a detailed breakdown of what defines their music
I see 75 wins on that schedule.
We follow !
#ILikeObamaCare because America belongs among the nations that look out for their women, seniors, children, and sick. We ALL deserve this.
gotta take care of yourself Miss J!!! Even though you looking good on the outside don't mean you gotta neglect the inside ;))
YOU'RE A STAR!
Well not if don't want to... Fair warning though our kids will be Pacers and Tigers fans
The work never stops in this biz ...
hey ask the iconic boyz hold old r all of them!!??
Im asking my twitter fam to tell at least one person about #DonnieBalboa...I want people to hashtag it...I'd really appreciate the love
Aww. It's nice there in the summer. But only for a week or so.
PORK: Garden has all the ingredients for dinner - Rapid City Journal
Two people in my timeline are drinking Grain Belt Nordeast. I have cool pals.
I'M PRETTY SURE THIS IS THE FIRST WEEK OF MAY.
The big picture is purposely obscured.Divisive issues create disillusionment and apathy.Freedom is the central striving of sentient beings.
Yea for ! We have cooling.
Oh I love the chit chat at the doctors office.
I wonder if we're thinking the same thing.
I have a coupon for Nutella and I'm not afraid to use it.
Rolling to #drupalcon with to the Dever base camp for
RT McMillan pregame surprisingly says Camby is "weeks" away from returning from left knee surgery. Hm. I heard much earlier
Atty for Escondido bomb maker says client is a "broken man" who is "very humble,very remorseful, extremely apologetic."
Great Harden's Beard!
Good question. I worked for a place that used NIH grants to make Web sites that no one ever saw.
Wow u guys are all in synch ( ),either that or there's a secret quote competition going on :)
#ThatAmazingMoment when you get your boyfriend to like Ghost Adventures <3
Our website is really laggy today due to the extra traffic from article. We're working with to try to improve this!
That awkward moment when you turn to look at someone and they're already looking at you.
BiTCHES WANNA LAY ME DOWN
Is it to late to drink redbull?
Thanks for the follow!! Happy New Year!
#HonestTweet I miss having someone to be intimate and best friends with. Fml.
if I go today I will drop dead on the tredmil.
It's SAM! Claire hasn't been on this in ages. I miss her :(
Very loud when came on...
student talking about how social sharing is still a mess. Give users way to receive awards for social support.
So i guess im just the worst person in the world, im mot humble, im not compassionate, and im arrogant... Wow, so what does that say abt you
Stopping by at 6111 Kirby to see what they have going on this afternoon. They have great Eco-friendly products you'll love!
Awks moment when my followers don't talk to me anymore cause I haven't been on in forever, well I missed you guys :*
HOWDY omg plzz give me a SHOUTOUT cuz i really need more followers
New video coming soon for our first single, "You Will Not Fail" from the upcoming album.
Glad we chose Paul Qui's Uchiko to celebrate 's birthday... The James Beard 2012 Southwest region winner! Cc:
and then we learn from the mistakes we make brother
big ol' jet airliner PDX ✈ SFO
I Love this quote: “You can have everything in life you want…if you will just help other people get what they want” ~ Zig Zigler
my dad was a WWI & WWII vet discharged after Korea. Never joined VFW or legion, never thumped his chest.
With all The Hunger Games news on E! and Jennifer Lawrence on Chelsea just got me antsy about tomorrow.
Teacher: what do you wanna be when your older Me: a fucking doctor! Teacher: you gotta do better in math Me:...fuck that shit!
This weekend is about to be hecka fun . (:
Lunch time... Baja Salad anyone?
would be mine too! I've been looking for one everywhere.
white woman is expert on black people. ok
#nccetl not about teaching technology skills but integration into teaching and learning
probably created the aliterations - though can't think of any that I might have had for public consumption
yo u still got them new pics u said u had of u dunkn bouta make the FRESH ENT. COVER
My height. You asked what I was "up to?" 8P
I know the deadline stated on the link says Friday, but we're extending it until 8pm EST... just in time for the Grammys :)
The Welcome to Paradise Tour has like three shows left. Maybe next tour
follow me back? :)
you were so restrained about that answer!
ITS OFFICIAL, today is the first day of Spring! Enjoy it :)
yeah haha btw my hammy is better so we need to get to the rec center soon to ball
the color-matching on the lipstick shots is incredible!
Who is the administrator for this account?
Repetition can make something complicated become second nature
Billboard I just read: "Make a promise to your family this new year...Get tested for Hepatitis B." #wtf?
<close to finishing a project. Then a relaxing weekend!
because you're afraid you'll slice it, toast it and butter it?
. things will get a lot more affordable in SF after the next tech crash
*she* is really see
Off to help put a great man, husband and father in the earth. David Boyd RIP
Oh no those Angry Birds hangovers are killer! :/
Just discovered that bibimbop makes a very satisfying vegetarian meal
an easy-out from his engagement to the she-man. Boom.
Right Hand INSIDE the WAIST Walther P22 leather holster.
yup! but you're in good hands with the rest of our mke team! great things in the works :) RT permanent move?
Feelin the itch for a roadtrip
GET SOME ciroc
You now realize that it's 4 am and you're reading about the taxonomy of capybaras on Wikipedia.
PayPal is awful
Unless some sweetness at the bottom lie, who cares for all the crinkling of the pie?
hope you get to your destination safely! Let me know if you wind up in KC for any amount of time.
thank you Sean! Much appreciated!
Some people manage by the book, even though they don't know who wrote the book or even what book
I know I'm getting old because people six days younger than me are talking about how old they're getting.
. is clutch for the ! Great goal to send it to OT. Also had GW vs. Calgary recently. Go #peskystars!
Thinking about having a party soon(:
My boy
Let's go San Fran!!!!
Send your pics to TopekaHigh2002 (at) gmail dot com please and thanks!
Great discounts really help the budget.
All we got again this system is the S-WORD! Sharpen your S-WORD and go to WAR!
Sorry last picture I posted was quite explicit, and nasty as ----!
Prayer is natural and almost spontaneous when compassion grows in the heart... Prayer belongs to the compassionate believer~
RT : You have 9 seconds to capture interest of your customers
Why is it I can post all day on Facebook, but when it comes to Twitter draw a blank?
If there was a #instagramjail would def be in it.. Stop postin all them damn pics
she's having quite a personal and professional experience. happy 4 her - she takes it one day at a time. :)
Alright...think I'm going to bed.
What's with this spontaneous insomnia return crap?
I just found a person impersonating as me on twitter and sending sick messages to news organizations and the president. Calling the police.
Dear Personal Trainer: thank you for my complete immobility and combined backache today. Arrghh!
That awkward moment when the person you're texting stops replying and you think its because of something you said.
It was great to catch up with last night!
I nominate Hillary Clinton for president, #US 2012.
Thanks for joining our community - for questions or a no-cost consulation, give us a call - (972) 905-4447.
why bro what happened?
OMG, watching that again, I cannot restrain myself from LOLing. Love ya Al!
You may not be perfect in some ways- but many things can't be perfect without you.
Describe in one word the ideal communication system to the people that are important to your success.
Great video! Can relate a lot!
Painted my nails~~~.
It looks like a white Christmas is out of the question in Milwaukee.
that's Kimmel.
Hoping my bracket gets busted tonight. Go Hoosiers!!!
Listening to the rain
love you too meesey!! ❤
Yea, that's the dark side of MSG. I have friends who are very allergic, so I always try to avoid it when eating out.
When I think about you, I think about 17 <3 Funny how a melody sounds like a memory:) #eric church
I will never forget you, your smile, your laugh, your voice or your touch. Go fly with the angels and may your spirit be free
Have you or anyone you know been to #Argentina or #Scandanavia ? Let me know. I'm hoping to go soon :)
Danny Green lookin like he back at UNC lol
or use the hotbot.
WOW Thank You! Back 2 you!!! RT : #FF <- Loyal, Friendly, Caring, RTs, Engages. Find her, follow
Thanks for the follow! We hope you have a great day!
Why mf'ers always post shit like other people never do it? You just got exposed to the remainder of the world... Many been in & around it.
Havent been at TV station this early since my days at FOX 4
"Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it"
I got another libretto today -getting closer to a final decision for next year's #musical! I promise it'll be boring and you'll all hate it.
Up like its the thing to do!
Sorry i Cant B yo Valentine this yr.
Maybe it was a twitter glitch. Twitter randomly dropped a bunch of people I followed and heard it happened to others.
Summer 2012; long boarding. Surfing. Beach everyday. Best friends. 's mixtapes to my beach playlist. CS concert.
Very much agreed.
I hate when people give me the run snub
Thank you for following us! :) RT : is on Twitter. Yay and Yum!
oh boy
You on your grown woman but till talking behind peoples back thats that grade skool shit
what's good? How u been bro
At Tractor Tavern About to see Scarlet Room! I love this band!
No, it's a good thing. Thank you.
ok this is the group of ppl living w/ disabilities that got arrested for protesting Ryan's budget last yr in DC again this week.
Went down two followers! This is crap! How can I solve this dilema!?
This isn't real
Alyson Williams ticket giveaway today at 3 at Facebook/BluesAlley
You are the result of 4 billion yrs of evolutionary success. F*cking act like it. Don't know where this originated, but it makes me smile.
Get better man! Hope everything went well.
Well, tomorrow is the big day of placement tests. Not like I haven't used my mind for intelligent thought in a long time. Nbd.
proves that paper is a rag
I've been having such a good day today. Hope everyone else is, too. :)
agree!! Pretty McPrettyface!
Where's the story about you headbutting someone. I wanna read that! Bit about the cyclists is funny. Especially the parents.
thomas can u follow me i love u so much ur my inspiration
I think so too! Sending out some more info and hoping a little Twitter and FB might help raise some more MOney!
Silent scream...It operates like a slingshot that re-sets automatically by design. Magnetic fields are the power source.
A special thanks to for talking baseball this afternoon ....
Going to bed. Got to be up 4:30 in the morning for work
Nothing like eating sugary cereal at 3am watching Dr. Drew interview the Dr. who prescribed Anna Nicole Smith her drugs.
When you like 5 and have a curfew on talking on the phone.
Thanks!! I like being
What are you reading or writing this fair Sunday?
Its goin down! Got my war paint on!! Fb we comin for u 2 take our joy back! Lmao!
every walk into your kids room and get an instant headache and then walk out because it's not your problem! Not today my little sunshine.
wouldve been weird if he was drinking a Cheerwine.
have u gone on a road trip with the wee one?
Answering the door with cigarette and martini in hand. Trick R Treat.
come to club staus bro!!
U need to stop drinking vodka......24/7!!!takin advantage of freinds who actually care abt u!!!yur life isnt that bad!!!otrs gt it>>
without you, Enchancers wouldn't have existed, the bullet would just be a bullet, and Oklahoma would still just be a state.❤
Anyone attending the NCSS Conference this weekend in DC? Would love to meet folks.
Happy birthday ! ( :
Buying mother and daughter Pandora charms for mom on Mothers Day.
#GirlsWithNoAss DONT TAKE IT TO THE HEART... ITS JUST TWITTER lmfao
Definately not close in this hoot contest.... I'll perform at eventually.....
I wanna c avengers!!!!
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher for the new year!! Call me, Email me or Please see my website: …
He wasn't ready to play!
Great to meet all of you. My wheels are spinning!
Austin they are so busy i have called 85 times =,( im giving up..
yo Liz I can't wait to see you do your thing #AllFemaleFightCard its about time!
Follow the role of "Jayme" in #PrettyLittleThings played by Will McMahon
Got iphone cases for sale
showing love make sure you check out the capital city cowboys sat vs the virginia storm 7pm benson NC C#40 CWO
Congrats on the JL contest! U r awesome! We'd love 2 know what u think of Secret Skwirl. We need to find these guys. Cheers!
dont do the bob !!!
very true and see ur point but this isn't about the team. It's about the player (bigger story here)
#YesSir! RT : #Taurus are motivated to work toward goals & love to see them achieved.
Don't let lost keys ruin your weekend plans! 20% off unlocks today! Call 503-241-4922, today & mention Facebook or Twitter !!
I am def thinking about it ;-)
"you read me like an open facebook account"
Clerks is still a classic movie
#overheardala RT : Overheard on Bourbon Street: "So he played these electro-clash porno tracks..." "Oh hey, are you guys librarians?"
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Toshiba Thrive 7" Android Tablet (at1s5t32) With 32gb Internal Storage,
really..? well I just want you to see our frustration.. the #MLS is on the rise! Hope you make it out to the playoff game
If your my 500th Follower i"ll give u a S/O
Pioneering American photographer William Klein to get Sony achievement honours: The pioneering US photographer w..
Maryland AG appeals DNA ruling
Big shift away from back driven processes of design to predict to now investing in reacting real time to meet needs of consumers
Question 4: If you have a family member that you can't stand, are you still obligated to spend time with them just cus they are family?
Sorry to hear it. Have fun at DragonCon!
YO people hit me up if info is needed, i need assist keep in mind, relevant stay happy humble confident
While the Big Boss is at Miller Park today you should all take advantage of the $12 pizza special at Emerald City Catering 414-762-8866
Movie wit mom, hope it's good.
My #fridayreads choice is due to I love this book & my son is learning Russian and I want to go over this book with him (required reading).
2nd CITIZEN: Peace! let us hear what Antony can say.
#BoilerUp RT : With #Purdue winning today to improve to 32-6 & Kentucky losing, Boilers' .842 winning % now leads the nation
I really want to do a cover on Boyfriend by: ! He would do great.
Hi l love us imagine but need to be more specific
What's with the one game opening series between the #Cardinals n #Miami , a one game series??? Makes no sense
I already miss
were watching the astronaut movie
Glad to hear life is treating you well! Cheers!
Back from the &NOW Conference of Innovative Writing. Preparing papers or presentations for &NOW Paris, Louisville Writers Conference, Conf…
noope they broke up a year or two ago lolol
., I think you did the Pope mighty damn proud tonight. Congrats on your awesome new releases!
Will be riding the LA Metro all day on Sunday! #GoSuperBowl!
everyday is a battle...
Wind farm planned for Mass will prevent 5000 asthma attacks according Army Corps of Engineers.
You are going to use MORE slides than would in physical classroom. Rule of thumb every 3 minutes need an engaging activity
Discovery Channel AND MTV Real World are coming to IB next month for the US Open Sandcastle Comp!
oh yeah I love penis!!
not yet
It's hard to trust someone when everyone you ever opened up your heart to has let you down and pushed you away...
Lol at saying that Semih Erden is the cousin of
they're all old cheesy and 90s but anything off oh aaron haha, such a good album:') wbu
I'm just out here watching airplanes
Yeah, he's pretty solid. What makes him potentially valuable is he can also punt.
need help for ideas for a youtube video. any help? thankss <3
in our dreams
Dirty bike cops. Never trust a man on 2 wheels.
We're wishing mothers everywhere a day full of love, family, friends, kindness,good health and relaxation. Happy Mother's Day.
Have a good one!
Day 1 of the 2012 National Sports Forum has been a huge success! Great speakers and topics on today's agenda.
fuck blunts there a waste of money papers only
Yes. Last year Bin Laden was killed on my birthday. This year I'm hoping for a Kardasian.
Looking for recommendations for sore joint relief?
Yea, or a story about somebody named Angela lol.
The Hunger Games round 3! I LOVE this movie!! (:
getting my daughter ready for her TV pilot being shot in the am
We rode by your house last night. Not the pack whizzing by but the group that looked like bad news bears
now that's what you called a high-C drink! Lol
I love drinking in the morning! Merry Christmas everyone and take the Pack minus the points tonight!
Yup .. My ghost is staring at me right now .. I can feel eyes on me .
I miss and Saito bridging the game from starters to closer(s) #brewers (Loe, Dillard, Veras, McClendon... UGH)
But I need to get out!
"We can be bitter about our handicaps or we can be happy about our blessings." William Arthur Ward
Designing my sound creation user interface in Photoshop. I've been keeping Steve Jobs' sense of taste in mind as I have been working...
YES but I have to realize I am never gunna go out with them I will always be an iconiac
Everyone please join me in welcoming to Coincidentally, hell is really cold and pigs can fly tonight. This is HUGE!
We were voted Best of the Knot this year. We are so excited and proud of our staff.
O my god I cant believe I gotta go to work on Wednesday
LOL he was fined for posting a pic of the lady he is dating on Twitter? Wow.
thats cool i like it better than facebook
I need help! Best running shoes under $200... GO!
So...it has come to this.
haha I know! ;-) it was meant as a compliment because you are such a good
ok Tee your confusing me idk what your talking about Hows life! lol
Aw, c'mon -- she could get her own #twibbon!
it was a pleasure playing with you cats last night!
until you walk past a dog and your bikini becomes his dinner
Yup. Fell for that myself.
Go to the bathroom to throw up and realize somebody just took a shit smh God please help me today!
how is it that u are on twitter a ton but only have 128 tweets! We need to get you tweeting more lil sis!
thing over and over again but somehow you always find away to ruin it. r
My pleasure! I love, love, love these shoes!
And me and were discussing if Pitbull directly picks out each female dancer
maybe, the MLB website hasn't changed at all though =/
Oh, let me know what you think after you've tried it.
Turns out I may only be doing the half marathon this year, though. Missed a long training run while out of town. Next week's run decides!
Trying to figure out what to get my mom for mothers day w/ little money I have. lol
just wrapped a great interview w/ #driving88 inspires.
What are your little ones up to this Spring Break?
Jackets add a run in the bottom of 6th to go up 6-0 and Cavaliers down to last 3 outs.
You know you're a bad pitcher when Adam Dunn makes contact off you
I know! So many lulz!
Where are you living?
Yea, we were there. But I left those ho's to do my own shopping.
LOVING this Sunday afternoon thanks to #UMF live feed.
Some of these females aint shit
but somehow you need to be really drunk in order to appreciate any amount of animal hairs
I embrace Yeezy's crazy tendencies. So I support anything that feeds that.
Selenators follow me!
we are going to have to bring the spirit of the clapclapclaps to Consol Friday night!!
I think i like twitter better than facebook
Gym or booze? I choose booze.
well it does though, coz you're a snake therefore you can't 's' me
Everything's amazing when your on vacation I guess
Con Gratz on all the Success!!! Keep up the Hard work! GREAT MUSIC!!!
Mr Kenny Kettner is a handsome, rather tall blond with a long coat. Very dashing. He enjoys retrieving.
heck yes! we'll make milwaukee happen though! I'm totally up for it if you guys are
The idea of a fully integrated second screen experience while watching TV is pretty damn cool.
I'm so nervous for cheer. Blaaaahhh.
So proud to be an #LAKings fan!! XOXO to you, LA Kings!!
are you still able to dm them still or do they ignore you now
This guys the life of the Party huh... Hey Mitch you're kinda a wet noodle. With. A boring and predictable speech
"Best downward dog of your life!" RT : Just finished 's #YogaX. Short break and then off for a 6 mile training run...
Just woke up happy af'. Can't wait till my grandma visits
My name is long as hell =\
tell them I said hi and I miss them! School sucks! I have a feeling I might have my 1st fight this year. How's school?
Go listen to that Same Damn Time Freestyle... its that heat we promise!!!
Thanks for the photo! A chef's hat isn't my best look, but I was much more interested in the art-inspired cakes!
#ConfessionNight I'm broken.
Sorry about the DM, got phised. Have corrected. Thanks for the heads up!
Great to see you too! Hope you can make it to the goat dinner next month.
No because it would have meant 6 days in March spent in professional development. But, #nyplecpl was like a mini CiL.
The Android version is waiting in the wings, waiting for the fanfare around the iPhone version to die down.
who do you pull for in college basketball?
Good pasta, great chili sauce (piri-piri in whisky and strong Azores cheese), nice red wine. Life is good.
Corey hart using an outfielder glove at first base?!?
Cleveland' Ohio salutes the excitement of this exchange regarding the worlds use of social media.
What a night.. Left Aspen at 2:30 and JUST arrived in Denver! BRUTAL drive.. Winding down watching Casino Royale!
BRO I AM SICK.
When are you coming back through Texarkana? :)
Usually I don't want to go to school, but today seems like its gonna be a good day. 😊
sounds like it. What a game to see live! I was just glad it was not Hummel's knee when I saw 'carted off the court'...
No problem! I hope it helps!! That's what my mom always had me do!
Cheer up beautiful♥
Yea I'm here
will be epic !! > RT : Just finished talking to at about NYE at the Gaylord! We are so excited about
No #superbowl has ever gone into overtime.
Jarrod Polson will have a shot attempt in this game.
pshhh I'm working on it! Too bz working!!
hahaha, yeah thats always true for me when I do run, also, its like when can I stop? When can I stop? haha
That sounds like a really interesting book!
Thanks 's Doubles Poker on for This Week In Poker
Just got home- both boys on antibiotics- AGAIN!~ C =junky-lungs [pneumonia? strep?] J =gross super snot...b/c this week isn't busy enough!
My two friends from Fl up to run marathon had great runs.
When you send a long message explaining your feelings about something, and you get a small reply full of excuses. Kcool.
Need that sign..lol
got my costume!
THANKYOU GAGA, and the color is amazing too!!!!
My Sister Is Ugly As Hell!!! lmao :)
I hope all of your followers understand what that means
thanks for the follow please check out my music kingbabajames.com thank u so much.
Seriously. It was probably my favorite show growing up. We started in on season 3, when the family goes to Atlantic City.
Another ruined phone call.... What's going on
Since Donald Driver will be on #DWTS, #packernation should tailgate before the season premier in our fanciest green and gold!
Cinco de Mayo...
i always forget about my feet
I already told you
im good (:
Still can't get over with my hair.......
why don't you talk about the awesome game played on MNF.....it was a dark battle!
BLOODBATH,FULLY LACED, CHUBBY BOOB, THIS IS THAT NU SHIT .. THEM PLAYBOYZ ON .. & WE GOT UR FIX @ NWC WE KEEP AZ SEXXY...........
I want to go to a show in AZ any suggestions?
thanx man! i forgot to mention her lol ..thanx again
In Panama getting ready for a slamming festival. Chucho Valdez, John Scofield, others. Why aren't you here?
ok, if you dont want to . its ok. no big deal. i can always find someone. just lmk as soon as can
Thanks for the encouraging words and continuous support. MKE and Penfield are lucky to have you!
Congrats to all the #BostonMarathon runners!
Never a Charge for Diagnostic's, No Mark Up Prices on Parts!!!!
we were on 5th & k ! All the buggy cupcakes r gone :-( NEXT TIME! #FOLLOWTHEBUGGY! “: where are you”
Thanks! I really appreciate it.
And then you frantically scroll through pages of your tweets and delete, amirite?
not agreeing w/ that..stay in the EPL
Lmbo! Its 1:11 cause I said it was.
I've been mistaken for an Englishman but am not sure why. I wasn't trying and I don't think I have that sound
RT Amazing. Search Marketing is a $16 BILLION industry and there is rarely a classification for it on business forms. /rant
Buy 1 Sausage, get the 2nd 1/2 off TODAY at Acme! Get your Thursday 'dog'...er...um Sausage on!! Cleveland Ave., north of Morse
cool! Hope they sign it :) if i didnt already have 4 autographs, id ask for one lol
Finally done with in-cars. Jeez that took a lot longer than I wanted.
Enjoyed the first two eps, plan on catching up this weekend.
"You've got the body, I've got the brain" - Freddy Kruger....Nightmare On Elm Street Marathon!
If only it was easier to put feelings into words
Not you too!
With the 30th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Tim Lincecum
Steve from NML, created a Quick resources guide, home made, to handout to users. A website dedicated to the rollout was created
“: I didn't text you last night, vodka did #Ops”
maybe we should bring a big screen into the office. and buy lots of beer.
If you try to understand what prevents you from changing your life-rather than what stops others from changing theirs-you'll be much happier
Proud of myself for surviving four years in botwe
It's the longest day of the year!
Passing a Wawa on the train to DC. Such a tease.
I am happy both ways. Whether I pay 60 bucks or 99 cents, so long as I enjoy the experience, then it was worth the money.
Gotta watch mi niece and nefu lol sucks
RT : A loaded gun on campus of VA Tech? The gun lobby would like to see it everyday with their push for "guns on campus" policies.
Yes, we would but the best is a 3rd rounder at the end of the round. :(
Seattle we're open now til 4p today. Stop by 4 breakfast, lunch, paninis, salads, cafe Umbria, & pastries or 2 C Facebook's new bldg (ours)
IT was the veganism that landed you in my search results.
Sorry for the late reply, I was at a conference all last week. My twitter mesg today is in response to your question. :)
Sam and Dean go to Kansas to investigate Plucky Pennywhistle’s Magical Menagerie. #Supernatural is on tonight at 9 on CW20!
If you're not doing anything sometime, hit me up.
People these days are measured by the size of their dreams. No one accomplishes more than he sets out to accomplish. So dream BIG!
Mindless Behavior is so adorable.
Marguerite Duras~ In love there are no vacations No such thing. Love has to be lived fully with its boredom and all that.
ask more questions if you want I like questions
Twitter recommending I follow Bank of America, Louis C.K. and Rachel Maddow...one of these things is not like the other
-30- Go Huskies! Congratulations to the Class of 2012 and especially our School of Journalism graduates. A great day.
Does anybody know much about flathead catfishing?
At Students leaving a legacy.
Heard its supposed to be a good 30 for 30...They say Cam situation aint got nothin on SMU corruption and hijinx
where else would you be hahahah
gimme a holla out your window if you need something:) lol
lol. Forest park sucked. I just loved my friends. And you'll eventually get there. Lol.
Well that completely ruined my day..
Are you kidding me? Do you guys seriously like oysters?
sleepy but glad its Friday. U?
inspiring commonwealth club talk today. You and your husband need to be vocal surrogates for Pres Obama this election cycle
"It's kind of fun doing the impossible" Walt Disney
watching the special on with should too!
You only live once!!!!
If you're looking for 1,000-3,000 SF: space in that range seems to be leasing up FAST lately. One week it's there, the next it's gone.
It's definitely worth it. $5 from 5-7 p.m. If people are more of the vodka variety, recommend the Fresh Berry Martini.
Its ok to eat healthy as long as you don't act like it.
shockingly little progress on the eportfolio #libraryschool i get why it has to be due before graduation but got a lot on my plate now
& also that 50 tyson is better then him RT : I hope realizes that the Heat are truly overrated.
#idol - Phillip had a cool, slow vibe. It was funky and fun. Not bad.
i better get one!
Ha, haven't tried those, I guess I need to expand my options :)
Third and final day at #stagecoach about to start. picks Band Perry and Brad Paisley to be Sunday's standouts
No offense (some offense) to Mad Men & The Killing, but Masterpiece Theater's Sherlock is so much better than both of your current seasons.
I forget simple stuff , but can remember 4/7/1986 Hulk Hogan v. King Kong Bundy cage match @ WrestleMania 2. PS Hulk won.
I be ignoring the shit outta phone calls. I like texting...
Just the other day.
Watch for special Fujiyama entertainment nights coming soon
The vegan general tso's chicken at whole foods is amazing. Feel like I'm actually eating meat.
Awesome sounding event, have fun
That's ok sweetie, u got the best follow anyway....ME!!! Lol
Josie just got to FaceTime with on my mom's new iPad 2. I need one!
Yall never heard of Norman Mailer's "The White Negro"?
"In the long view, the history of art is the history of public art." - Tom Finkelpearl, Dialogues in Public Art
My followers keep growing exponentially. I've probably fired you all, so I'm not flattered.
Thunder acting like they won the championship!!
Well we'll see you next time! Happy Birthday!
haha hell yeah I used to be in a band wit feen in high school..im actually in carnegie but I go to Ai
A gaggle, I can handle that :)
Choose to go after more than just the bare minimum God has to offer you. Let Him transform you.
Day Two, #shrmnm2012 conference, starting off with Pamela Green, SPHR - great energy & timely info!!
I need the twitter book for dummies, can't figure this twitter thing out...lol more of an addict to Facebook.
Timbers are undefeated when leading in 75th min.
I miss u! Feel better! I'm excited to go to brunch with you in the future with Allison, Jen, and
Same here :)
failure i tell ya
Everyone is rooting for the Rangers, I just want to watch the world burn. Go Sens and Devils.
that does sound a bit like a nightmare, why can't family entanglements ever be easy?
Harry Potter studio tour: 'we can never say goodbye', says Tom Felton: Harry Potter star Tom Felton says the cas..
I know. I moved back here from LA last June. Oh, how I miss that weather. ;)
a buzz has been generated over the upcoming 'Where You From' poetry reading at Eastside Luv
How u pregnant all the way up to yo chest
why dont they put you in the cage, you need to get your ass beat, douchbag c:
Follow me back? :) xo
Content row: Case against Google India dropped, six firms still in suit
Thousands leaving park as reqested. Back out on the streets.
I'm looking to create a blogroll for my blog. Who should I be linking to?
: you know the guy who stars in that movie is a #UW grad, from MT Vernon
You can spend your life avoiding your dreams, but everynight you go to sleep.
Checking my tweets and emails
All four of us are limping. It's been one hell of a day.
SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG!
If only there were 30 min of commercials per hr it'd be just like the real #TheTicket > "Day in the Twitter life..."
You might call me a fucked up ass person for this but I don't wanna see ppl who fucked me over experience joy.
A MapQuest itinerary and domestic airfare for a trip I already took?
well and as far as just books it is by far the best I've seen.
FOLLOW Our Founder & CEO
Same with you- we just work really hard every day to make sure we will be in business the following day.
going to Express Fall Fashion Runway Show next Friday! ^.^
Having no phone SUCKS.
Give your house a face lift! Choose a new front door!
This program sounds wonderful!
I could lay down all day and snuggle.
it's rough ... It's all about law cases and and knowing the amendments
lol damn! You jus need my help... That's all
You bite that tongue
wow great news for video Real Estate!
Good morning!
This rain is CWAZZZZYYY!!!
My 100th tweet goes out to MYSELF for making a 96 on my term paper! !!!
Yes it would be via livestream but we don't know what time yet. But we will let you know!
what time are you leaving
45 minutes left to enter to win these #MLSCUP09 tickets!!! #iwantmlscuptix to enter and rt message
two thousand eleven FTW!
Your poor hair!!!!
I know I was up at 8am ate and fell asleep watching PBS.
Playing tomorrow evening with and at Bourbon St Blues and Boogie Bar in Nashville, TN!! 8 pm!
i gain followers when im not on , but wen im on i lose them >.^ what is going on ?!? i wont come on then .-.
I'm just so proud of right now. Love you guys!!
ROSS IS GOIN TO SIGN BOOSIE WATCH WHAT I TELL U HIM OR BABY TO CMB
This kid is using a shoelace as a belt #2012problems 😒
Q: How many Marxists does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: None: The light bulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.
Paging all sweethearts! Heart-shaped donuts are back! Grab a Cupid's Choice donut and a mocha latte for your sweetie. xoxo!
Just thinking.... #BlueIvy is such a Wondeful name for a Wonderful baby ! She'll find out how lucky she is !
Helen Mirren is HOT for a 65 yr old. Good sense of humor and a RACK you can hang a jacket on!! She's my new HALLPASS.
Research shows that 90% of men don't know how to use condom, these people are called DADS.....
When you're at the mall and see some hot dudes while you look like shit -.-
yeah I do why?
so you waited 4 years, then got one NOW? I am sure there is a good story there.
RT : saveup -- applying gaming to personal finance: users rewarded for good financial actions
Literary Fact of the Day: Edward Gorey and Frank O'Hara were roommates at Harvard. via
Lakers vs. Heat in the finals..who taking the trophy home?
I loved Taylor's "holy crap I'm getting a standing ovation at the Grammy's" face. Also, Adele is one sassy bitch. I like it!
hey andrew can you please follow me it would make my day <3!
Girls shouldn't make fun of themselves not having big boobs or a butt. They should be happy with themselves.
he's real cool and random lol when are you going to see him??
Kalorama condo got two offers, my buyers won!
You know your in the bad part of town when the guy wearing a paper bag considers you odd for not having crack.
sometimes my job is excellent.
Woke up today craving some beach. Maybe we'll film a YouTube cover for Friday while we're there.. Any requests? Hit me.
division opening delayed until next week - equipment delivery fails :'(
It's raining... Hmm.. The weather seems to much my mode... How delightful! :)
Happy Mother.s Day to every mom out there. You all are simply the best ! Especially to my mom
Mhmmm.I should've tweeted you earlier.lolol.Maybe he'll still be here tomorrow,just chilling,and we can like go meet him.
RT : God creates millions of people a year but then one day he took the time to specially create yeah!
Thanks BOO boo!!!!!!
Thanks for the review, Those Guys! We'll do everything we can to save you. Even Elisar.
Totally just saw the Oak Ridge Boys do "Elvira" at the Grand Ole Opry.
Why no score or shot clock on KONG?
I need to go swimsuit shopping
Not us:)
So ready for Big Brother to come on!!!
Wow Scott. Great story and great insight into your family, your integrity and your leadership. Thanks for sharing.
Thanks Chad!
Near Black Forest? Join me at R&R Coffee Cafe for a 2-way dialogue. Starts at 5:30. 11425 Black Forest Rd.
Bored now that Phylicia gone to work, now im home alone. . .
First night sleeping with my new memory foam pillow. Oh. My. God.
Got contacts today...not the best feeling things ever /:
Covergeist preproduction for One More Night @ Cherry Sound Studios... guitar sounds !!! also thanks to Music Vibe for the interview
Follow us for upcoming news and info!
Join us tonight at Calabria in Kirkland for Happy Hour priced food and drink from 7pm until close
#tastemakersKS, Hello... Innovation is about risk, thats what im going to talk about next!
Having the best weekend. Sorry Monday, please don't come.
When money talks freedom walks. Find out what to do about it at www.bobmaconbusiness. com
I can't sleep, been working weird hours lately
Also, #epicfail by me on the #SBTB trivia. I know it's Hot Sundae but can't think of the song.
I really don't understand players taking off their jersey's on the court when getting ejected...
Itruly hope each nd everyone of u is havin a wonderful .. Day :)
Elizabeth Castelli: Karen Seeley's work on this topic grew out of class she taught on the atomic bomb
Starting the new year by writing some music...
aw naw my booty not sour yo booty sour that just sound so stanky lol
#starbuckssmile on al night at work hope and got theres on! Happy Wednesday!
Great nite! Weather is perfect!!
a #TrentReznor plug is the coolest thing ever!
Stay the course, Andrew Wakefield, the truth will out.
Time to go skate
This dog is a SBD machine. All kinds of awful things coming out his rear end.
Goodness, please stop retweeting your own birthday wishes!
Their lucky to have you as a panelist.
That's a fascinating question. , do you know of anybody doing the picasa facial rec. thing with painted portraits?
I saw Lauren her lil bro Darrin yesterday. made me happy
"Justin Bieber has no talent" No talent? Ok. Go sell out Madison Square Garden in 22 minutes & tell me how that works out.
#MoviesILove starting with the Letter "H" #TheHeartbreakKid , #HouseOf1000Corpses , #TheHangover , #Half-Baked , #Hero ,
On a road with grand kid R
Thank you very much for coming! I think the campaign was a great step forward. FYI:I was born cynical and aged well.
Getting my rest tonight for what is sure to be an epic Good Friday: Impressionists exhibit
RE: SES can impact the quantity and quality of homework SOME teachers assign- low expectations
He uses the term info-activism. Love it
I'm impressed you ate a burrito and ran back. I can't run after i eat.
Join us: IN Poetry Out Loud contest TODAY 11:00 @ Indiana Landmarks in Indy. 17 talented students will compete for a trip to finals in DC!
Thanks rob you're a huge help RT : building a great base for Tweetup ;)
Zombie walk end of april??
": Hi Arizona. I'm Hungry. Feed me."taco bell for fourth meal
Can I haz a cheap, sweatshop-free #17 Lin jersey?
oh. I only got a cold. My nose, throat and head hurt. :/
mike aren't you like 17? hahah I'll probs have my license before you😏
Meet on feb 18 for concert!! take pics and get autographs with our fave girl!
Live Jazz Brunch today at Hemmingway's Bistro featuring The Rose Colella and Dan Effland Duo from 11am-3pm hemmingwaysbistro.com
I guess I'm going to call it WK 880. Because it has something to do with hyperglycemia. That's about all I know.
RT : Emma Stone is what Lindsay Lohan was supposed to be before drugs happened.
My followers: all has begun! A couples more hours and the clips will be released.
C'mon we can't keep giving up these quick scores after a big basket!!!!!!
So nice to give the kids some independence and they listen
Lifted first, then a run. I just finished a 1.03 mi run with a time of 10:42 with Nike+ GPS.
Our new logo was made by 's Lee Lilly. He did a great job and we love it!
What happened?
Ain't that the truth!
hhhhmmmm that's a hard one TXTING!
You guys need to follow the cast of They are cuter that a pixie fart, particularly Mssrs. and
RT Snaer is playing today“: There was our chance for a buzzer beater. Airball instead. We'll get one today, I can feel it.”
#gas fell through the $3.65 floor down to $3.63! Now THAT'S progress.
I worry that when I go into Target the employees can tell that all my clothes are from there.
Watchin tha Spurs play makes my camel toe lose moisture...
I cannot believe I missed tonite, kid drama. :(
is drinking grape juice with milk in it. gross :/
I'll get you for that, Nelson.
hey. You.
Talk about a tech breakthrough: we managed to get cameras into the alternate universe Rep. Ryan inhabits.
We offer stability and continuity to our clients and those who seek out our firm based on a reputation of integrity and professionalism.
...because, of course, the 99% are ALL lazy socialists, distastefully fighting each other for fallen cake crumbs.
Blaze The Pain Away
Back to my middle school weight. To be fair there wasn't much of a difference tho
#3wordsofadvice smash the cone
Looking 4 someone who has job shadowed as part of exploring what kind of job/industry/career they want 2 pursue. DM me. RT to Denver-ites!
Limited Edition "SNO" Shirt. Available Friday Oct 15, 2010. ONLY @ www.SnoClothing.com
Bob, Happy Easter 2 you & your family from a Bostonian sitting in Detroit waiting on flight to Nashville (again):-)
There may be more defense being played at Oscars than NBA All-Star Game.
Nice pic. Must be nice seating in those seats.
CASA had another wonderful White House visit yesterday!
was so amazing on the #CMA's
always go to the movies!!! Fleury looks wonderful!!!!
No problem. If you know anyone who wants one I have a few. Both Xbox & PSN
Career/ed blogger here. Looking for a nurse who's had a (relatively) easy time staying current with CEUs (preferably online).
Thanx so much hun, i just need to kno it is all going to be okay..ill txt u
LA Zombie, Sci-Fi, and Horror fans! Aliens to Zombies is Tomorrow with very interesting panels and Special Makeup Demos....
followed Fred Durst on gifture, why not.
wait you almost got mugged :o
oops sorry, started at 7:00.
Audit: Coliseum Spending "Wasteful"
Cool! I'll message you with my e-mail. We'll set something up.
It's so dead here that they could have gotten by without me. I'm pretty much just here to do deliveries & answer the phone.
just whipped Keith Stone's ass.
'Underground' is the only word in the English language that begins and ends with the letters 'und.'
For news regarding the upcoming Grad Student Conference but not the #utdgsa, follow the #rawconf hashtag.
RT : needs immediate booking help in Iowa, Nebraska, Wyoming & Colorado! any help you can offer is huge. give us bands, v ...
when do U go? My mouth is so numb I can't talk. Thnk god for 1st rate anesthetic. I rly don't want 2 go back 2 get the rest done.
true , but depends if your look younger than your age .
yeah - useless to us, cause it doesn't help us to have $2000. we can't do it for less than $8000. sigh! :)
CORRECT Enter our Standby Lottery (by 9pm) if your name is drawn your old Stub will count towards one $20 Ticket
Thank you! want to go w/me?
well he also locked their web designer out of the web site and kept the money from the previous wepay account... all class!
just saw the piece about you on E60. I have a lot of respect for u man. Go get that west division title!
I wanna make you feel comfortable, you're trying to relax and trust me with your strands. I get it. I feel your tension.
A door has opened for me but I'm unsure if I should step through
Watching "NOW With Alex Wagner" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!13
what man
Actually, there's nothing like Jordan Fine playing music in the summertime
We are open until 3am. TORTAS!!
i've got nothing against keller. i just think the response to the budget disapproval is not kind nor is it reasonable. toddlery
Good to meet you at Oshkosh! Looking forward to seeing you again at future airshows!
I hate being sick. I miss my beautiful friends :(
Thanks man! It sure was. Hard to believe how long that process turned out to be. Phew.
well then! Mine was looking too long soo
those look absolutely amazing. makes me hungry just looking at them!
RT : is this weekend. Want to watch it from our VIP tent? Reply to us w/ #MKEAirShow for a chance to win!
RT - Wow, we just have a Major League moment, I swore I was watching Roger Dorn's Cleveland Indians for a moment.
yo i agree
will *you* be at Drupalcon? It would be great to see you...
WHY DO I HAVE TO LIVE ON THE COMPLETE OPPOSITE SIDE OF THE COUNTRY FROM L.A.???
thank you.
It's great the #Toffees are a point ahead of the 'pool. I hope they finish the year with a big ol' win to stay in 7th! :-)
Southlands(: Give my phone some love if your gonna go<3
Got burritos from my fave mexican joint downtown and the one time I forget to ask for the dipping sauce, they forget too :/
just finished a "killer abs" class. omfg that was killer!!!
Thumbs up. RT Thought I was past petty, mean-spirited, irrational Miami Heat hating. Wasn't. Still satisfies.
Thinking about deleting all my social networks this stuff got old
is it sad that i put more work into my iTunes than into my school work?
Thanks! (Though I wasn't there, so credit to others). If you are interested in joining in with MiLO or TORCH you are welcome to...
Who doesn't these days? :P
Face , face , face , I give face , beauty face! ♥
Man I Got Some Real.. Laid Back..Stuff That Will Touch The Soul COmin .. #BASEDSOUL - Keyboard Kid
All eight Baylor fans are making a lot of noise
Smells like teen spirit!
I'm pretty sure that like...your door will let you leave the house. But we all know you aren't tryin to be in the heat either so.
You gotta be real with yourself before you can be real with someone else
You know you did a great job on yardwork if your mom looks at it and assumes you were drunk.. I should probably redo.
ASU West U?
Forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair. ~ Kahlil Gibran
Check out our student blogs page to get insider perspectives of life as a #Northeastern #MBA student bit.ly/pRxB7Z
The Foundation is heavily funded by the Koch brothers –What they produce deserves a serious dosage of salt
you doing the "Twitter Thang" now?
Spoke w/an injured actor w/o health insurance who is hoping his arm will heal. Msg me 4 info about income options to pay for your insurance!
Would love to see what you come up with! Congrats again!!
Took over well over a year, but I've finally finished the layout for a children's book!
RT : A3: Be yourself, but also make sure to talk about everyone besides yourself. Dont make everything about you.
wasn't kidding! Beaverton police are out in full force!
I wish I was famous..
I admire you so much ! :) It would mean the world to me if you tweeted, retweeted or followed me<3<3
Let's do it! Come see me at some point and we'll set it up!
No way....Trotz master psychological motivator, knows he needs them next round, believes #preds can beat #coyotes w/out them.
I love that last wk u were killin Nat now this wk it was Amber's turn LOL!!
Sometimes i wonder how my mom can be so selfish at times
so luvin my Thunders right now, but they need to step it up....play evry game like its the last
I aint gettin shit for my mom for mothers day she a opp too
Chases is looking a little old. Someday will look like Bruce Springsteen.
from S.Casper: "Everything about Rich's piece feels wonky in the mouth". (it's a good thing, seriously....)
Where's the moon? WOAHHH!
you will! i am wearing them all next week. im going to try to play basketball in them for awhile lol
Breakfast for dinner. Yum.
Cookie Cutters hair salon! The stylists all do side makeup and perfume though!
hey what Ur E mail I have that thing ready I just need Ur email and I will send it when I get home
#SomePeopleDont realize that their words could ultimately cause someone to take their life.
not so often to be honest..are you a fan?
The uncomfortable moment when u get your blood on someone else's karate gi....
asst. manager training....woo so fun.
Slade is the biggest creeper
LG city council mulling over whether to let a laser tag company take over its rec center from Friday through Sunday
Trains and loud babies...not a good mix
Congrats to Patrik Kiley, the WINNER of the Ducati Monster 696 at ! Thanks for participating everyone!!
IF ANY OF MY PEEPS ON TWITTER HERE GOT A FACEBOOK TIS IS MY URL TONINKAJJ TIS MY EMAIL
Well, that would be awesome. I hope it works out! It would be weird for me to show up at catwest and not see you at all!! :)
I NEED NEWS! C'MON SD!
no im anica.,corbin is on later ..
just got my clay matthews shirt with the hair going down it!!look for pics coming once i get it!! Stay Strong
Thank God its Friday dawg!
I jest
Swag swag swag,on you.Chillin by the fire why we eatin' fondue.I dunno about me but I know about you. So say hello to falsetto in three two.
It is compared to...well...the alternative...
yes. He is pretty amazing. My sax looks stunning after his engraving.
OMG GOT ACCEPTED TO TWU I THOUGHT IWASNT GOING TO COLLEGE BUT GOD DOES ANSWER PAYERS IM SO HAPPY
Should apologize to #Malkin for calling her a "mashed up bag of meat with lipstick?" #hypocrite What does #Obama think?
How are the art nerds feeling about novel, object of desire? I have feelings but I want someone else to go first.
Back by popular demand ! FREE CROWN MOULDING that's right you can get free crown moulding in your home. You ask, how can this be ? Call us
where are you moving to?? (: i hope its closer to where i live (;
But it don't mean nothing when a nigga money low, Niggas will shoot you in the back and cut yo fucking throat like rich and alpoe.
Much success with my project Unleashing Joy. Talk Bouncing Back a big success. Cynthia Harris
Man not even showed up tonight Cuz ya boi Be high off this #CatPiss .I be High as Giraffe puss
Boys trip to Dallas???!!! I live walking distance from 200bars....
hey, nice avi!
It's an amazing journey. Thank you for teaching me so much
TONIGHT JOIN US TONIGHT FOR OUR CHAMPAGNE SHOWERS | LADIES RECEIVE FREE CHAMPAGNE TILL 1 AM | SUSHI DINNER PARTY AT 930
good to be home.
I am loving this spring weather :)
follow me @ y_p_G
Why don't I have chocolate in my desk drawer?
RT : Haha RT : Google Plus Mobile. When you want to talk to nobody on the go!
thanks for a great show last night in Madtown! It was a Great way to spend my bday Next time come down to Milwaukee!
you see how millsap's nums drop across the board vs #spurs?
Progressions says Good Morning! We're celebrating a BIRTHDAY over here, cake... cake and cake... :-)
That awkward moment when your girlfriends dad walks in the girls bathroom.
later like I said in school on my bus headed home!
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him
I can't wait to start KICKBOXING this summer!! SO excited!!
This is quite the heartbreak, but I still love my Aztecs. It happens. The tournament is all that matters anyway.
What a difference a phoneme can make.
awe you're so nice Jesus! :D
If college football is banned then college soccer powerhouse Akron is going to look like a GENIUS.
What up kin folk!
The new GPS enhanced Blackberry I just got will help on the long rides through dense New Mexico Forests; hopefully tomorrow after golf.
Registered for day 1b on Tuesday, will try to update during breaks and such
Wow. We just had these HUGE nachos that 3 people couldnt even finish
Girls Shave half their heads... #whydopeopledothis"
...I was only kidding. :)
a few people do. does too
I hurt myself already :(
Its taking too long for me, can we speed up the process please? Show me the one I need.
Monday the 16th is the last day to change Spring registration or to withdraw from courses without academic penalty.
at such a point when I get a legit gf, she is going to be wrapped in on the regular.
- the view from the Williamsburg bridge is amazing, isn't it?
Bill issues include: sidewalks, signs and ventilation systems. This is going to be a VERY close vote.
I've sat through 10+ state regs conversations and I am always invigorated by the resulting passionate convos b/w attendees
Off to the Cricket WA to the kickoff concert omg so excited !
Yay! So share already! :-)
After being in NC, don't know about returning to ABQ where 'trees' (bushes) are maybe 20 feet. Will miss a real 'woods' and forest.
Convincing my parents to let me hang with >>> #doubledate #fishing 😁👍🐟
#Power is always at the mercy of changing circumstances. Therefore, spend your time building a solid reputation.
#ndsa many new friends and partners attending joint / NDSA partners meeting in DC
Don't forget! If you're staying with us, #Wine Hour is from 5-6 pm in the lobby every night. Gulp, gulp...
Santorum is so ingrained in WASHINGTON speak -- he could never lead from the White House.
Listening to :) Everyone loves Glad You came, I've known that song for ages! It's about time to be big in America!
My web site is back. Unlike other high profile sites there has been NO lost of personal information here. It has been an enlightning 2 weeks
So far Foursquare really wants me to go to a restaurant… hmm...
Dear girls! FYI...constant spelling error...it's YOU'RE secretly my fans! ;) Thank you...your Twitter English teacher...lol!
A little chilly start to do the day, but it's suppose to be BEAUTIFUL here is just a few short hours!
#mentionyourcrush lol and half y'all goin get talked bad to
Happy Tuesday! We're all back together on the !
- you going to Vegas for Memorial Day weekend?
#moms #dads Another key word about school Bullying Prevention? THOUGHT...Bring that & creative ideas, #schools address the issue
how can anyone hate Outkast? I don't hate cats but they make my eyes puffy and my nose sneezy :(
sometimes it's used like a bookmark to reference back to later. other than that... i really dont know lol
Damn I wanna go home already.
in your honour I shall flip off all of the Hyundai elantras I see on the drivehome tonight :-)
8/12/2010 SMBs expect to spend 53 percent on ERP during the next year, survey reveals visage
Merry Christmas from all of us at 90.5 Air 1!
power move.
Celtics on fire! Veterans taking their game to next level.
no kisses for you!!!!
I heard the lines were horrible.
EXITING FOR #DEMILOVATOINURUGUAY ♥ ?????????
Doesn't matter what others think u should do... what truly matters is what YOU want to do
