How long will the rain last? Tune in now at noon with Laura Diaz - Local 6
Lemme be the one you call you tryna hit the spot ,
have you seen Larry crowne?
ya I know I followed u :)
is this a real life problem or a problem for school? Lol
RT : It's time for DEMO once again! Can't wait to see who wins tonight! (@ One Union Square Boardroom)...
Gigs coming up- www.3sgiants.com, www.elbybrass.com! Don't believe I'll be able to play for Sun., I'll be in WV on Sat.! Go anyway, have fun
When my rooms clean, it makes it look bigger.
#tie2011 the importance of the facilitator presenting the PD is important, keeps the audience interest and input
"I don't know, I was really drunk at the time" good ol' british humor with, Pink Floyd. Def my fav song.
"Let them eat cake!"Marie Antoinette.Order u'r next cake w/ WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM have it delivered to your front door step or office!
take your kid to work day is today, got Zach with me for a full days of meetings
How's the social media marketing going? Thought I would send you a shout out once. Tell Mark to call me.
Tomorrow @ 10AM TICKETS ON SALE, in Anderson, IN; Raytown, MO; & Omaha, NE - Just talked with & surprises are planned!!
Software piracy sucks. sigh
"Children are unpredictable. You never know what inconsistency they're going to catch you in next." ~Franklin P. Jones
no cable club? I'm in.
We are currently organizing our first NYC Event under the Les Nuits D'Elite format! Where would you like it to take place?
I honestly think I could love an adopted child the same way. Snooty ass folks.
Steve Stricker finishes with a 2nd round 68. At -10 he's two shots behind the leader Jason Dufner.
I love the Peanuts movies, too, John. Maybe we can get together sometime to screen one or two!
knock 'em dead!
Spring break in AMSTERDAMN! Life couldn't be any better. (:
sounds like a scene I saw on a TV show...
that was the best pic you got? I mean I look good...but the sun sure is not allowing you to see my full potential!
Let's Rock
what is you favorite color?
Woke up at 9:30 and thought "what kind of day off is this?" back to sleep for 2 hours. Hell yeah.
Going back to school after an amazing Wednesday off<
I don't know what it is with females, but I'm not too good at that's iiisshh
#twitterlesstroy tried to shut my head in a car door....thanks bro
This morning a woman was dancing with joy because the express train came before the local. MLINY
"An army of ants,a sleuth of bears ,a smack of jellyfish..."Andrew Fersch helps PPL celebrate Poetry Month 4/7 @ 11am!
Well that was super awkward
omfg the CHEETAH GIRLS IM SO FUCKING JEALOUS OF YOU FUCK
Merry Christmas folks! Remember to sit down, have a real conversation with someone and relax!
Happy Valentine's Day!
It was good! How was yours?
The Carnegie Museum of Natural History is open late every Thursday until 8 p.m.! Beat the heat with a visit to Polar World!
Follow Us on Twitter and we'll follow you in return!
Margaret Cho~ Maybe I wanted to hear it so badly that my ears betrayed my mind in order to secure my heart.
Of course it didn't work. He didn't love me for the fireball that I am *shrugs* someone will appreciate my passion :)
I LOVE WATCHING CHELSEA LATELY WHEN YOU ARE ONE :)))))
Been in the biggest mood to listen to lately
Watching Trayvon Martin program on CNN. Hope some answers surface fast. Something is wrong here and this kind of stuff keeps happening.
School in a bit! -__-
Thanks for the follow! , , and
No matter what your going through, know that there's someone out there in the world going through the same or worst have faith in yourself..
Come down to Petco Park today and check out our booth we have our FIT Line! at Petco till 4pm today and 8am to 1pm tomorrow!
u nice
follow me please
I wanted to delete you off my friends list, but then you wouldn't be able to see all the fun things I do without you.
Really looking forward to the Art Madness tourney this year. I haven't missed it, have I?
ooh, and it's bigger so if some of us get there early...
Lol it's okay(:
she is awesome huge career move for her
“: Why are frosted flakes so good?? 0.o” they're mooorrrree than good, they're GREAT!
I hear you.
hi there! I am a friend of & & also gave Carol Norton your contact info for Forecastle--so great! ...
Still up.
Morning interview w/CNN Travel about Easier than last year when we'd try to do TV after 3 hrs of sleep on a museum roof.
Shout out to and for all the #grinding they do this time of the year
June 5 will be the best day ever.
Good amount of work accomplished...I should be back to my passion baby before July hits...
So the world must be coming to an end soon right? No snow in the winter and now it's 80 in March
": Meek mill is worse than Mac Miller... And that's sayin A LOT" woah. Mac miller is the shit. Haha
#judge No need to restate title (now we know). Like Singing in Rain image.
Sampled a few of 's creations tonight at Such hard work.
Thanks -- webinars are still reviewing the "what" not the "how"... irs.gov was actually pretty quick to get details out
The Bulls won the East last year , playoffs came around and couldnt' take on the #Heat. Your boy Rose chocked.
You got it, Rikki! I have my moments here and there!! :)
My Shit Bang.
Lost my phone for like 10 minutes 😱
lets make it 68! OMG + Weekend Natives best nightlife event!
Pre-game don got both us on our ass. Damn vodka lol
lol that we will.... If I ever get to where you are located we will have to set up a photoshoot together.
Lob City is Heart City u gotta have Heart
in bed. They can have it.
Goodnight, East Coast. I love you best. <3
So lawmakers allowed to have mobile devices in the House Chamber but not guests?
Lots of destinations are equally good, more or less. Travel well.
#milwaukee Moulding Mania has hit the store!Stop in this winter while the weather is hard to handle to complete your interior moulding work!
that is pending me checking it out, etc. go to bed!
Students from Athens Elementary sharing Maine's role in the war including Harriet Beacher Stowe author of Uncle Tom's Cabin
Stadium deal passes in the House, now on to the Senate. Still many pieces to this puzzle.
appreciate you trusting us with their big night. :)
Happy, happy 15th birthday to princeton from omg I love you so much! Have a WONDERFUL bday with you friends and family xo
3 bags of popcorn , 1 popped already, cool'aid . . ;-) Bout to watch hella movies! #HomeAlone!
You ever seen a bitch so fucking ugly & has the nerve to be prego! You think to yourself,WTF! Who the hell fucked that!?
I love the new #Brewers commercials! Way better than last year's.
I hate #AmericanAirlines at Miami airport. Bitches.
Have you talked to your listeners about Obama's stem cell research Executive Order yet?
"Delia" hit the big screen yesterday at the Vancouver dslr film festival. Thanks for having us Canada!
Just tell him Julie Andrews takes her clothes off in it.
The Arizona #GOP debate: 4 millionaires, each proclaiming omniscience + omnicompetence, thereby exposing fundamental ignorance of the world
Ay man... Rock with my Playa Patnas #genius flow
Friends,lovers, or nothing we can only ever just be one theres no in-between.
Don't Get me wrong, but every year I say man it would be awesome to see Coyotes Vs. Kings in Western Final
Seems I'm always up for the test of the emergency broadcast system, and it scares the crap out of me every time.
Do you need ductwork we've got u covered call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
I had a dream that my right eye stopped working. That was scary...I hope that never happens in real life
link doesn't work Rob.
Traffic Court
A nigga out late night lookin for a money bag
Is Don Draper gonna have to choke a bitch?
Happy Mother's Day to all tha independent moms out there! <3
let's go to New York and get married <3
hi carmen thanks
All work is easy work...
Ima f.a.n.a.t.i.c. fanatic I rep Christ till I d.i.e. fanatic!
Congrats to who is our second winner to meet This Sat.
#Imagine: AUSTIN: Hey Babe<3 *Reaches for your tits and rubs Them* YOU: *Grab his dick and start moving it around*
Just finished workout #5! with
I'm comingg deff :) like 130? Whenever u want
im down!
ABC cancelled The River? BUT HOW DOES IT END?!! WHAT ABOUT THE ZOMBIES?! And now what can I watch to make me shakey cam nauseous?
LOL OMGZ YOU GUYS CAN YOU BELIEVE ITS LIKE THE FIRST WISCONSIN SNOWFALL EVERS IN HISTORY? OMG PACKERZ!
He saw my tweet and retweeted it, I didn't do anything.
How will you be wearing your hair for your work holiday party? Tell me here...
Mesa & kitty asked me to send you a Happy Mother's Day tweet. Only the dog said "please" however :)
New products in! Get best deals in the city on Paul Mitchell, American Crew, & Redken!
The Miami Marlins hit the road in Cincinnati at 4pm. The Reds are -150 favorites. #marlins 0-1
but if both really haha
Would love to create a dining experience for our subscribers in Memphis! You have great reviews!
RT : Home ministry says multiple blasts are terror attacks on
Cold weather never stopped me from going out in a tank top in January, why dress for the weather now?
I think that would have to depend on the rubric...
: can't wait for #jamminforjoseph this year!! Best people EVER! See you there!!
In 2011, the worst tornado outbreak in decades killed over 340. Why was there such an extreme outbreak? #NOVA explores on MPTV 10 at 8pm.
UGH , it's whatever tho. I gotta study for that damn thing either way .
- HA... We're in mourning over here.
you can always dust off and climb back on but if he gallops into the nearest tree a few more times, it may be time for a new horse.
#PutItDown looks sexy sittin in the iTunes store #TwoEleven #TeamBrandy4ever HERE WE GO let's go
I'd give anything to b your baby doll<33
My comments had nothing to do with what you own or don't own--I criticized Steve Jobs--not you.
yw.. was a great guest. Glad he's recovering quickly.
I don't mind writers who exploit more complex sentences when writing about complex, specialized material. /cc:
My in-laws should be thrilled with the Pistons pick.
We'll be playing FREDERICKSBURG, VA next Sunday, NOVEMBER 6th w/ LIGEIA @ THE REFUGE. Who's coming out?!
You bet!
It was a nice day in Santa Fe
Um you have to do it exactly right.
It is sunny and I'm feeling good in south florida!
Dreadin that ACT in the mornin :(
Looking forward to a long night at work. I wanna bus the heck outta these tables 😃
Hey there! Great to see you.. you've been busy! Thanks for all the RT's!!! WOW! You're the best! *faints.. :)
Follow me is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos ;)
yes sir he will
signed up for the chicago marathon 2010
is surrounded by the white light of universal love, without sunblock!
Lmfao!! Give him the number. We r family, I jus hope he dont b on no dumb shit like last time
switched to running on dedicated HW and using a hybrid approach--an "adjustment" to planning for, buying, managing HW.
is reading my mind. Realization I had not too long ago: It's not the pursuit of happiness, it's the happiness of pursuit!
Your #heartmind can draw you closer to the #angels if you watch your #noisythoughts like leaves in the wind, they'll blow away naturally.
Ref a bit lenient on Bath coming in at the side
Sad day for music when 8000 more people add deadmouse5 than My Morning Jacket on lollapalooza who I'm seeing thing.
Whoops, there's some misspelled performers names and I think Jiz & Dylan were in On Our Backs not Girlfriend's Mag?
COLOR ME LOVE Color Therapy Book For Children & Adults By Tsikki Thau
of course
damn is it wristbands only? RSVP???? Lemming know son
Watched #Bridesmaids last night and absolutely loved it! Definitely the funniest move I have seen in a long time. Every woman should watch!
painful rehab ahead for my shoulder. I now know at what age I can no longer wrestle with my son without getting hurt!
On my way to the suites to visit my suite lovahs
My catchphrase is: "24 hours in a day, 24 beers in a case." You figure it out.
Just south of Leesburg heading towards Apopka, Hail
I love the pic!
My mom has taylor swift lip gloss. She's so hip!
could have been a yoga accident. Or a mishap at the dentist. Oh wait, British spy? Scratch the dentist angle.
Heading over to Sunflower on Academy to sell raffle tix for #Casaball! Visit me to support a great cause!
lol you must have lost so many calories with bottom braces
RT : Q2) What technology do you wish you *could* live without? What's preventing that?
Happy Mother's Day!
Cynic - Costumed In Grace <----- lol its a song....
Sorry, very distracted by the KC/Chicago game. They're our closest opponent. They're further from us than the furthest EPL teams.
Oh, and mine. Just not the Guitar Gods playlist.
Having a white person by your side is the new swag
Sky8 headed to rolled over semi on cornelius pass between skyline and hwy 30. Pics from the air upcoming
Congrats to and others for a great #UWRightNow social media campaign. Really showcased the campus.
great photo of you, Brian.
Just woke up. Let's party!
Haha cool girlie!! What position do u play?
when I saw pearl jam on acid in high school they didn't go nuts. It was a docile moment
TOLD YALL IM CLICKN ON PROFILES IF YA ASS UNFOLLOWED IMA RETURN THE FAVOR
People living with HIV starts fish farming for livelihood
“: so u stuntin”. No I'm being faithful stupid
so true I love it and true mahomies will always support Austin no matter what he do(: if he was happy we are happy too(:
love ur new show. watched on ur a great counterweight to u 2 have to get 2gether. ;D
Where are u #based ?
Any plans to be in Houston in late May or June>? IEHA Houston looking for a speaker for part of the day
The cavs aren't gonna beat the Lakers... Are they?
Really GWallace? He was my favorite blazer. Because of that trade....... NO season tix next year!!
I've been waiting in this line at the convenience store for like 20 mins... I feel like I'm in the movie Lottery Ticket smh
Thank you to all the troops! You have the strength of a lion and the courage of a tiger, forever thankful!
Is listening to a Father's Day sermon... probably shouldn't be tweeting during church
Yes. I am going to Blowing Rock, Boone, and Valle Crucis, North Carolina. Will be featuring
Trying to sell an extra hangout music festival ticket if someone is interested!
you're so popular with the ladies
follow me. I'm following you
No, thank you. And yes, I stopped at McD on way home.RT Thx DC. Here is introducing me. http:/…
man it's A LOT of work!!! I just started one
College, Here I Come!
I am never hungry.
Why am I still awake? I have to wake up in about 5 hours..... wtf? I don't wanna get up at 5 a.m. -__-
GROSS...USE A CONDOM!!!!
Looks like and are melting faces now!
Gm... RT : good morning
NE DC. The Shuttle made 4 loops around the District.
G'orning ! I gotta work 4-12. Gotta leave early to get my check.
Its not whether you win or lose, its how you play the game. I usually play it forwards so Michael Douglas jumps off the building at the end.
ITS OFFICIAL! after wrapping on the feature film P.S. Cathy, i signed with YHVH MANAGEMENT!
i thought the motorcade seemed loose and erratic
Yay! #ivotedyes RT : Just enclosed my SAG-AFTRA Merger Ballot ready to be mailed out on Monday. Of course I voted "YES"....
Gr8 site!!! Social media is here 2 stay & is beneficial 2 kids!
Not to worry.
I just noticed, the guy that gave me my TOMS looked like this Spanish celebrity that I have this huge crush on...
My milkshakes Shall bring all the boys to the yard
Write a new story about success and fame and fortune if that is the story you want to have in life. You deserve it....
I can't wait to find at least one real friend.
i just want a boy in my life that i can laugh with & go to when i'm sad. doesn't have to be a boyfriend, just a friend.. but a guy.
#DANG Jus saw gas 4 $3.49...why don't I have any gas money!?!?!
Join us for a free public program this Sunday, 3 pm with local artist on "Walter De Maria: Trilogies"
no ads please on Twitter
Is it still a worthy read for young professionals?
since I found your 📱 you should remember our deal
Hey there little twitterlers!
Aye ": I can't wait til he gets back one month left 😍😊"
Good Morning New Mexico. 37 and clear in ABQ. Farmington, sorry about the freezing fog. Could be a hot chocolate morning.
I assume you're referring to Beez's WLKY post? If so, WTF is wrong with people? You're not being overly sensitive, Matt.
Something tells me the aforementioned fish was hidden in the pants. Though this is disturbing, I want to see a pic.
I truly need a vacation. I gots me a lil "Spring Fever" baby!
#YeahIDidThat .38 blood alcohol level in college
Walter Steding's upstairs painting a picture of Em Z right now!
the end is not near, its here
Can I have a little more variety in widgets for #Siri? Both the weather and the stock market are pretty depressing.
Has been stuck helpin at church all day!!! get to b here at 7 am tomorrow too oh joy
The Heat won't win a championship this season. Favorite this tweet I dont care. That receding hairline freak will continue to be ringless.
I could go for a couple of stiff drinks tonight.
Community got renewed!
Your upcoming Saturday night is going to be awesome too.
If you're a candidate that will be participating in our forum tomorrow, please RT the next tweet to help get the word out.
I really dnt wanna call him again but I hate waiting on muh fukahs
thats on my seed boy no cap i will give u the whole run down from the coaches n all aint no future in flaugin blood
it was fun to hang out with you last night.
FATHER'S DAY Thx Lauren + Daniel frm ur proud Papa. I miss ur practices, ur concerts and dancin to Casa Riera con Mama as u soloed HEAVEN
You gotta expand on that, my man. Rights aren't deserved, they exist prior to the state. Btw, started my nite w/Laphraoig
Awesome news!
Are you feeling better?
Girl I cant lie, I miss you.
I'm testing out some homemade mustache wax and thinking about quitting my day job to peddle the stuff
": Chris Paul just walked past me. I wanted to bo but held back...." But hes so fine!
Great job on liking the photo-ad, everyone! Keep up the "Shares"
Some of these shoes people get so hyped about aren't really that nice..
Thanks for the RT, Taffy.
Living in poverty can increase stress hormones in young children & impair blood supply to their brains, affecting language & memory skills.
#Big10Expo goers, don't forget the panel at 10:30! "The Sporting Life: Career in Sports." Reps from Pacers, Lucas Oil, Adidas & more!
One more week for !!
most ideas need at first to be micromanaged before one can let the birds fly to implement... my thought for the day
that's right! My legs r killing me!! Lol
You can't reply to me once all day, but you talk to the biggest manwhore in all of Avon.. I wonderful if you know how much you hurt me.
I did not do any art today. What a pity! Instead I went shopping.
Got a bit too follow happy on Twitter in the last few months. Just knocked 20 off the list and it feels manageable again.
Pitkin County Colorado is the healthiest county in the healthiest state. It's also the 4th wealthiest county in the US
Dislike my mother right now. 'Cause who has a bedtime?
will you marry me?
For those who participate: What will you be giving up for Lent?
Ry and I are so psyched to see a game next month, good luck today... the Cef's are very proud of you:)
i'd consider giving up 24" of snow for 32oz of beer but i always end up enjoying both anyway
I didn't have the same fitness or ability as the other girls, so I had to beat them with my mind
Is there anything in education that Pearson doesn't want to control?
"I want to dance, I want to win, I want that trophy."
Thanks so much to all you BVB-ers for the birthday wishes! You guys are as awesome as the band. :)
hahaaaaa! Took the words right outta my mouth! What about Sir Elton John "the BITCH is back"
Good morning. I would like to see a #broadway matinee today at a reasonable price. GO!
that is AWESOME! When do you move in?!
i like you, wonder if you like me too.
lol you go boy!
i suppose now were closer than we have ever been :)
Video conferencing solutions can offer you fantastic and easiest way to meet business clients and other potential consumers to make a deal.
''All About Nothing'' Mixtape releasing June 11!!! Stay Tuned!!!
Did Bryan Survive The Serpentine Attack?
OMFG!! I WOKE UP TO A RAIN AND THUNDER STORM!! YES!! PERFECT WAY TO START THE DAY:)I LOVE RAIN <3
Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding.
that is one of my very best memories with you!
that said--this seem to be a good first date. they're not having any awkward pauses.
Sorry everyone! Looks like our account was hacked. Pls ignore any DM's. I think we've fixed the issue but let us know if it continues.
If I want an IPhone, I'll go buy it. Bitch find a new story to tell because you have no evidence and your story is wack.
Those who like me, raise your hand. Those who don't, raise your standards.
My tenant has a southern cookbook on the counter. In the fridge: bacon, crisco, pork belly...
how does writing lockdown mesh with brief daily sessions?
Proud and envious, in a culinary sense!
2 closings in 2 WEEKS!!!! Woohoo!!!! Champagne tonight? I think... yes :)
aw bummer.. Why not?
If you could make your own #beer, what would you call it?!
um...that u want to have good reason for not working out on the weekend rt worked out twice today.WHAT THE HELL AM I THINKING
he is THE worst
I know:p sorry I'm very tired
Chillin out with Javik...quite possibly the coolest animal I've ever owned...
OMG i have a problem. My body doenst want to stay up and do this homework/ This is ova
redneck word of the day: MUSHROOM used in a sentence~ when the whole family gets in the car, there isn't mushroom for anything else.
There should be a trophy for worst tweet of the day.
This one eerily resembles the last one. But have a feeling this one would beat the other in darts.
When #Nutcracker is over, I always spend a few weeks trying to get rid of my extreme emotional attachment to it.
Then go with green. Better safe than sorry on such a drunken evening.
Alright enough of twitter, gonna go enjoy this tropical weather before it gets cold again :)
In Prague and planning to be hungry and thirsty in a little while
are you EPA Melissa?
thanks so much! :D
The Neighborhood Garage Sale is in the Westwood Neighborhood. The main street is Valladares Drive and zip code is 92127. Come stop by!
#WorstRapLineEver anything by odd future
thank you! You're awesome:D
I have a hard time believing that's actually you in your profile pic, what (probably) 20 years does to a person...
well I'm ready to hang out wit ya
We are all fancy today!
I'm afraid to look....RT : Who will go out to my driveway and bring me my new in bed?
It's good to see that even in this tough economy, Arab princes are still trying to hide money in my bank account.
Haha i love this novela always makin me laugh! :D
J term class, you are killing me these last two weeks of break.
that's just mean, sir...
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up. Jesse Jackson
into what?..
Why is it I say something nice & you are sarcastic! Smh
It's official, Us, Today will be playing at MOTR Pub on February 12th!
3 wks frm tonite 2011 Shoot To Cure HD Event @ Chargers Park sponsored by , , Can't wait!
Football, basketball, and the Olympic sports all have their problems with banned substances. Jim Sensenbrenner
rewatching the last 3 minutes of last Sunday's Girls. poor Charlie
i tottally followed
Brian, he may have been even cuter than the last one! NO amount of Frosties could ever beat that face!
good morning happy people
everyone should challenge themselves and take risks because those are the memories that you are going to remember.
Videolicious? Anyone used it?
i just called dad and apparently you guys slept until RIGHT NOW?
Who are we to say one person is "better" than another?
YEAH BABE BUT NOT TOO MUCH...LOL
Things I currently love: Fall weather, Atlanta & boots. All three at the same time....perfection.
I'm about to drop my website early next month! Actors, Screenwriters, bloggers, post freely directly to Hollywood studios. The biz!!!
Thanks for coming out to see Active Child last night. The next Act 4 will take place in the New Year. See you all then!
The #ArthritisWalk is tomorrow. Ready? We are! Not too l8 2 join. Sign up at www.sdarthritiswalk.org or on site 2moro.
Having headaches before bed <<<
I love the spirt of Christmas as well. Think it should be 24/7.
did you watch the 'marry me' episode. If YES, remember I told you it reminded me of the 1st year episodes? Loved it!! :)
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Tuesday 04/03/12 is Ian, Dan and Sally!
Choose to make a difference. Choose to be an organ donor!
"crud" was my reaction..."crap" works too!
nm hanging with my friend hbu?
Oh, and drink up. Have two on me.
As soon as we get Started maken Love Going Hard there's a *boom,boom,boom*
outstanding. Love to see our leader take a stand.
Thanks for the nod, Mr. Banks!! Break 'em! Bev
good to meet u too sista. Have a good one and keep in touch
It been a long time coming homie!
Who knew - Today is Hair Dryer Appreciation Day.
thanks i really appreciate that dont sleep up on me i got more stuff coming soon but thats love thank u again
whole foods sushi for lunch, and 365 cola (with cane sugar), not quite an asahi, but still yummy.
Looking forward to seeing at the Derby. Who is he picking to win?
Just got wedding invitation. So cute! Wish I could be there for such a special moment! It's times like these I hate living so far.
Intro to archives, bibliographic organization, cataloging, & multicultural media & services.
I love your blog!
Please RT! in #WoodleyPark #DC offering $18 3course dinner for just $18 to our nation's veterans and soldiers!
I H A T E you
Dont be jealous. Extra super secret pocket. RT : It always weirds me out when girls keep their cellphone between their boobs.
good stuff!
well tonight's game yea
Superior Quality and Rush Turn around time. contact us:
Dnt no when these hoes goin understand that I dnt give a fuck bout they attitudes like get the fuck over it
Just woke up, happy 2 see the sun shining! Walk For Hunger today.
Sweet assuming all goes well at Dr for me we'll be here! Will text you my addy
Me & the only ones up at this hour tho.. What the rest of yall doin?
Difficulties are needed for success because victory arrives just after many struggles and numerous defeats.
Hahaha!! Punk RT : lol im not about to come over there and get abused by him while you watch and laugh
what im trying tell is Ja Rule is not wack its just the politics in the game Maino is one of the hardest rappers out but 6k tho?
Most IT and Security Professionals See Anonymous as Serious Threat to Their ... - PCWorld
All I know is my softball games better be fast as hell on Monday
Some people hate to see you be successful and love to see you be unseccussful.
dang! Just picked one up!
boomer jr and stedman are looking forward to the Reindog Parade saturday at atlanta botanical gardens
I hate trying to be a good friend when they just close you out.
Cup of noodles >>> Ramen noodles
So the just sent out an email to players with this subject line :Tebow is Jetting out of Denver! #unbelievable and #really?
I thought hotpants were daisydukes eitherway I saw the playsuits the other day & cried.
Follow if you believe her. I don't care i'll delete !!
I plan to torture you.
2.5 hours left of the Tag Heuer 40% OFF sale! Stop by the store to pick up your dream watch... at a discounted price!
did you do all your homework?
Aww :( I told my mom since she's a great mom she can have one of my shirts and she told me to eat sh!* ....so rude!
& You guys are officially my stalkers of the night...
Ahahah! Too bad, you'll probs get used to it though.... <AB
I had work real early this morning so I didn't go out. I get out around 5. I'll call you when I get out.
Playing bass is kinda like making CHILI...don,t add to much stuff in it or you.ll mess "it" up..OK?
New actions, new outcomes. Old actions, old outcomes. - DM
Put a bucket of ice on my router to keep it from overheating while I upload a huge client file. Graphic design MacGyverism
fuckkkk. 's new song is so sick! asfghjkl.<3 i love the clean vocals!
no joke! :D marc okubo from veil is my hero! I'm so happy!
Look at you...doing good! :)
Not even hungover just tired af.. ugh
Used to go to/from the game tonight. Great service. Left early and home in time to see the finish
I fucked it up like u said I would!
RT : The only number that is in alphabetical order is 40 (f-o-r-t-y).
besides liberty no there not lol
I wanna
not true if anybody has talent in this god forsaken earth its you !!!!
Just finished 15 articles on dog worms. Am now moving on to one of my own projects - a book I hope to list on amazon.com
Pickup Line: Aw, girl, I'm gonna have to put you on my "To Do" List!
you. are. amazing. <3
Why did I wake up so damn early?...
What did u have? What u up to know??!(:
My canine overlord...
Thanks for posting this article! Very motivational, inspiring, and insightful!
Hey, that one rhythm with those two chord progressions he uses for all of his songs isn't half bad.
A wise man is he who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has. - Epictetus
wat is it cuz I haven't been up there
People crying at #ladygaga concerts? give me a break...
Rebels are preparing to head down to New Orleans! So excited for this service trip!
dynamite certainly saves time filleting the fish.
Come visit us at today and tomorrow! We're serving Dr. Pepper-braised pork belly & NitroCream desserts!
...rad! dm a mailing address and size :D
let's drop that swagg Flexx mojo tomorrow. And I have a hot track off beat I'm a send u
Gallery night tomorrow, sip and taste, new art up and down. Enjoy team roots...
Salt and pepa got this song called "Big Girls" this shit is dope about to do a performance to this!
Artest's shorts are too tight
will you be in NY on May 17th? sending you an invite xo
dear barnes & noble, i appreciate the effort but you're not borders :(
Starting To hate my Facial Hair. -_-
We always have pan dulce from El Bolillo Bakery next time you want some with your tacos. ;)
"I'm gonna chase this whiskey with Patrón, I wanna girl on my lap and a jägerbomb..." -
"James, why are your hands up?" "Cuz all I do is win..."
I like it. Thanks for the info
#ageofaquarius on 40 year old virgin.
My lunch today consisted of various things dipped in peanut butter. Sometimes I love being a grown-up.
“: This Lakers vs Nuggets game is getting serious! #BeatLA” <----AMEN BROTHER!
people to help with social media, financial, or other projects. Also have some server/bartender friends if you're hiring.
Still going. My current distance is 3.62 miles. Current song is Home Sweet Home - Motley Crue
Can't wait 4 somebody to hand it to me gotta go get it!!
if you still use the carrot joke
Another successful fundraiser for the all volunteer Ski Patrol. Great fun. Thank you all for coming out! See you on the mountain. Be safe.
The market manipulators were able to contain the damage, but took a loss, nonetheless.
You're so booze driven and I fucking hate it.
Looks like the weather will be pretty good this weekend that's always a plus.
next Monday maybe. I'm free after 3. If not we can set a different date.
While you're at it, could you make a martini for me? Thanks.
You guys did it !!!! Congrats!!!
I missed #FF. Can I just
Be careful what you water your dreams with. Water them with worry and fear and you will produce weeds that choke the life from your dream.
Watching Tim right now present to us EMBA 18s.. Can I get a Woot! Woot!
Thanks for the love and for making it out!
You can't expect to fade a tornado and one out in the same day. Don't you understand statistics?
I think "new research capacity" means new areas & approaches
Me too! but I drink it black!
Great! See you soon! RT : Looking forward to #cbsadmit!
Cookies<3 (: USE CLEVERBOT.COM Taalk to her/him and they answer back!
Our Homie Michal Menert's new Album " Even If It Isnt Right" is coming out TOMORROW April 24th!
Im craving for some Chinese food. Damn.
Im the love is his life when he finish fuqqin yhu he commin hme to his wife !
Hey Whats up
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!59
Overheard: "I want laser hair removal but I'm scared cuz it's permanent. Do I want to be in a nursing home w/ a Brazilian?" Duh, Sexay G-ma!
Like my Texas folks say AAAALLLLRRREEEAAADDDYYY
These sugar cookies >>>>
I swear there is dance music in the background. Specifically, look up Mayte Carranco.
Photojournalism students showcase their work - Durham Herald Sun
marketingdomination.blogspot.com does anyone know a realtor who would like to be on the 1st pg of Google for whatever keywords they want?
Jordan, that tweet made my day...I'm honored that you kept the letter and the poem. BTW, I miss your artwork:)
he is kinda cute tho :)
Anthology and Frampton scholars then attempt to reconstruct an unfinished film by bi-packing handmade mattes with moving image material.
Just got excused from jury duty due to client interests, after sitting thru 2 days of jury panel questioning.
confirms "a screen is not a screen." His kid wants to be on the iPhone 24/7...but to compose music, write essays, etc.
People fear that what they have received from life is all they are going to get for what they have put in it...the fact is...THEY ARE RIGHT!
I am sure Joe Gibbs is not happy with the finish !!!
He who peeps at the neighbors window may chance to lose his eyes.
ya when I have the time I do try to learn more about people so I hear ya...lol
I heart my mom bc she put up with me in my rebellious teenage years!
ok, sounds good
Bittersweet feeling watching Jason Varitek walk out to 3 Doors Down "Kryptonite" as he gets ready to announce his retirement.
nine chapters in just over 160 pages means that the narrative reads a bit disjointed.
“: Score! is my first [soon to be] verified follower! Thanks Susie! You rock! #countrymusicFTW” I hope you're right=) xox
3run homer for in the 16th inning for a win?
Cloud Browse v4.0 is now available with full retina display for #iPhone !
Help us reach 500 followers! Put us in your #FollowFriday and we'll put you in ours! Love you guys.
OMG U GUYS ARE AMAZING! LAST TIME I CHECKED ON HERE I JUST HIT 400 FOLLOWERS NOW IM OVER 500! I LOVE YOU GUYS! EACH AND EVERY ONE OF U!
Having difficulties putting my thoughts together.
yes ma'am I do!
WOOHOO tomorrow is the day, can't wait!!! Pre-ordered ur book & I can't wait 2 read it!!
Its Movie time @ Club 11
Louisville. Karaoke + ladies night = $1 wells #boulderbars plus my favorite wings anywhere.
Urban Harvest is about to go in full effect! Gates at 4pm, music jams at 6pm! http://www.urbanharvest2011.com
text me when you get off work !! I get off at 10!
Making hits earlier with and
Taco Tuesday is on at Lottie's!! Smoked fish tacos w/ all the goodies.
im deleting
it was a video game wasn't it? haha :)
I'm so glad things are moving positively for you,but I'm surely not surprised...
Obvi. We shall act like children together! Start prepping your stomach for all the alcohol you will be required to consume.
Running on two hours of sleep today. How do people do this? Needed: suggestions, encouragement, humor.
Follow me back! :{)
yea its my fault I let this shit get this far to where I gotta play catch up
court: lets go rent it/buy it at blockbuster, and get our PAYNE on... weve been neglecting our hanging out plans
Done with KIDS now what?
Yayy they're gonna be yummy. hahaha damn little mamma you sure can put it away
"I'm so much more productive when none of my ADHD trolling coworkers are bothering me." FTFY
To me, the most important activity that an art work can provoke is the activity of thinking. – Thomas Hirschhorn
I like that answer, but it is simply...for drizzle lol
were they really?
So I could take my son to his first Mets game in Atlanta, but do I want his first game to be a home or road game? Thoughts?
"Obama is so unpopular that his new Ben n Jerry's flavor is 'Im-Peach'" - Jon Stewart hahaha
Ugh. 88? Please just give me an A. 😢💔
You down there?
whatever they r doing, match up zone? At least 2 ppl doing it wrong. They need to collapse or help if ball gets inside
I want a dog
House is almost clean.... Getting ready for crafts and cocktails!
love it! RT : Had an idea and no pen and paper so I wrote it in the dust of my dashboard and took a photo with my cell phone.
Time waits for nobody..
Great book! RT : Congrats to Prof. Kevin Boyle, whose book Arc of Justice has been chosen for community reading by…Michigan.
Need an Apple expert? We're here to help. From iPhone repairs on all models to any model iMac we can fix it. Click www.appletekguru.com
Could you guys/gals see yourselves wearing Google Goggles/Glasses?
So much blaze orange. What are you people hunting, it's March!
Remember, nothing is more detrimental to your progress than negative self-talk.
If you weren't at our show, we hope you went to go see our great buddies in play with Greely Estates.
i love cheerios.
Thanks. We're hoping for improved news.
Thanks for retweets!
Hi! I just started so not yet, but hopefully soon! Thanks for the great #cmgrchat yesterday!
In honor of the ancient strife between Scots and Irish, I've decided to celebrate St. Pat's with a Rusty Nail. Tu rah loo rah loo rah! :P
Hungry for gnocchi. Any chance you want that for birthday week/end ?
Weak RT : Not only do most NFL cheerleaders make less than $125/game. Some teams (Bills) make them buy their uniform ($450)
will be better than Darrelle Revis. Mark it down
": When tall tall girls were hills . Like are you tryna be 7 ft" hahaha yu soo funny
no way..i been waitin for this for like 2 months and I gotta be in philly friday smh
im not getting no love today, i was getting all the love yesterday. lmaoo
I spent two days working on my song &my video won't upload my chance of writting a song with is gone I'm heartbroken.. ;(
meant to include you in my status but it was too long RT@
Wishing everyone a great day!
something going down on 6th and sterling place... cops all over!
Unity is a precious diamond. ~ Holyday
trying to purchase your software but I would like to talk to someone - no one answering the phones - give us a call. thx
Since y'all are coming up w the most ridiculous shit, happy mother's day to my dog's momma, thanks for giving birth to my best friend.
Looking forward to counting down to the Downtown Concert Series with on May 26!
Come to GRIND and try a Mint Chai.
How many States have you golfed in?
When SOMEONE shows YOU effort/attention & you genuinely felt the same way, show THEM the SAME. If they don't, then DON'T !!
If Kobe pukes on sidelines and shows it can we still call it 'Pulling a Gentry' or do we have to name it after Bryant?
All the Girls, #GirlsGirlsGirls and all the Boys
Happy Birthday!
You Just Read My Tweet!! Hahaha!!!! Sorry sausages.....
#dadquotes .. "You better get your thumb out your ass and do something"
sushi is good, wondering if you like it?
YES! This game just got even better! Hola Shoopy!
Ok Chloe..now relax. Oops..Chloe can't relax..its a conspiracy..
lol I just remembered "The Artist"
I look like someone going to Gospel this morning on the MTA.
I need to exercise, dude.
Too good to be true!
Need more txt friends or FaceTime peeps
love it! Thanks!
i need to make a quotebook for the funny things my students say..
were very very close but no worries may be another chance for game on 4/20 vs. NY Knicks! Thanks for playing guys
night buddy.
Hi yourself! Glad we finally connected!
Wish there was a drinking game going on here - based around the word ecosystem.
For anyone still @ DPC. RT Tonight is the final Wednesday Open Air Market of the year (4 pm to 8 pm), let's send it out with a bang!
the less you care, the happier you will be
'stressed communities?!' Is that what we are now? This WH has zip idea how to talk to constituencies...even in code.
Hi John, reached out about the NY area via email.
Hey man! Follow me back? I just watched your teen hoot entry video!
Tonight with jay&martell>
Do you have game rules on color card game you played at eLearning guild conf. in gen. ses., would like to use again :)
Gold of Cañada del Oro and rumors of treasure - Tucson Citizen Gold of Cañada del Oro and rumors of treasure Tucson Citizen by Jonathan
ah its wierd because I can see myself just like him.. Ah why:/
I will never pick up a paper unless their ownership / leadership changes. I will consider looking at their online sometimes.
My son is the coolest kid ever
i think if you aren't making mistakes because you're doing good testing, it doesn't count as pride
When takes you to frappacino happy hour>>>>
Wanted one munchkin from D&D this morning... Then I saw the promo gift bag. Good morning office: you're getting 50 seasonal donut holes!
Doing this research paper that's due tomorrow...work of a scholar!
That goal came seconds after Oakland had a breakaway chance of their own.
did not vet every link on the page, but no, not saying that
having my crown put on tomorrow(:
So wts up
Glee doing one of my favorite celine songs..
A podcast can be a much more #efficient form of a letter of recommendation
"You're so ugly!" "Really?" "Yes!" "Good, I was trying to look like you today.
“: Devils need one point tonight to clinch a playoff spot.” No time like the present!
Oh, my God! I cared so little, I almost passed out!
That's true. I have to wait for my electric kettle to boil.
Even the white kids hahaha. (: i like that song
What Would It Take For You To Stop Pirating?
Haven't been online in forever.
that first swim of the year... oh man
Awesome to see you too, must be done again, SOON.
Out Of All Of The Pictures I Have Seen Of People Taking Pics Wit IB I Have NEVER Seen Anyone Take a pic wit Geo,Imma Be The First One!=)
Shoutout to my favorite senior for kicking butt on senior night.
Congrats on the funding and most excellent greeting card app. Looking forward to making a whole lot of holiday cards!
"1 out of 45 #children exp.#Homelessness each year in #America" - Listening to The National Center on Family Homelessness speak @ BNY Mellon
Love them : Blasting la dispute on my ipad in the tanning bed. It's gonna be a good day.
From #IB7 grant winner: Baltimore = rich soil for seeds to sprout
Haslem u sorry piece of crap
The Nevada On-shore Trust is such a perfect solution for those living in Nevada—it’s not bad for out-of-staters either!
Isn't it better to approach life empowered knowing your rights,confident you made the right decision, and having peace of mind?
486 in tourney. Top 50 paid
Wow still going editing should be fun
I like it, I feel the same. I was planning the same thing but hadn't thought to stop using NFL affiliated products, I'm in.
thx for the mention...HO II is awesome. Let us know your thoughts.
.RT : Yes, we have the same donors. MT : CLEC got wind of DC endorsement before email went out. #bootcamp6 // bam!
Watching black swan. Great rainy day activity!
#LarryPorter who forces elderly people 2walk to the back of the bus instead of clearing prioritySeating fraudHero
Great gig tonight with , , and Eli!!! Looking forward to recording!
I'd never heard tell the "ghostbuster" bachelor party story before. A missed opportunity but still HILARIOUS!
Oh really? I heard is renaming her show to
any idea when the last time Duke was knocked out of the tourney in the first round?
Mad , ! Hes nothing special get over himm
And dis stupid ass blunt keep goin out, bout to fuck around and throw dis shit...
#FF Great interaction this week
Sometimes you have to fall from the mountain to realize what you are climbing for... <3
so i have a pool & sometimes ducks get in it & this morning they were there I tld my dog go get them & she fell into the pool!
Headed to get some five guys!
Landed in Columbus
u up
I just finished a 1.71 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
CBS kept us busy yesterday. Super big cupcake order for birthday bash.
I was totally right. Ray's out. Ha!
We are less than a mile from the Convention Center and mile and a half from power plant!
People are here tweeting famous people and I'm just sitting here waiting to go to a park..
All my gal-pals who've liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a picture
News Flash: Corey Hart is going through one of those streaks where he hits everything HARD!
Never let your feelings get too deep, people can change at any moment ..
Simple but brilliant. and #truth. RT : Build a sustainable community, teach within it.
Just because one person doesn�t seem to care for you, doesn�t mean you should forget about everyone else who does.
make sure you choose your wood wisely. /(
i just finished the movie bruno
Brawl in Johns office!
Good morning everyone! Another cloudy day in Montgomery.
#ImAStanBecause there is at least one song everyone can relate to
Congrats to Nico Muniz, who signed last week with Real Salt Lake of the MLS. He came to many camps and programs at the IISA in the past!
HAPPY MONDAY - $40 ALL TOP STRAINS - NO TAX
RT : Lauderdale Lakes FL Wed May 16th AM Forecast: TODAY Chance Of T-Storm Hi 85 TONIGHT Chance Of T-Storm Lo 71
The blog is blacked out today in protest. Thank you for your understanding. - Caroline
Awesome! Kermit! I should have stopped to say hello haha :)
Thanks for reading Vesta!
honestly justin just dm a happy birthday you mean everything too her so pleasee <3
Haha! Which is why I was watching the Tick while doing it. The end of the semester is full of fun administrative stuff.
Booked my first modeling job!! Monday I will be a styling model at the Oribe Atelier Studio here in NYC.
Isn't it cool? You've come a long way, baby!
"The 19th century culture was defined by the novel, 20th by cinema, & 21st by the interface" (paraphrased from )
And a spider in my living room earlier
Artist Wm H. Johnson honored with forever stamp today Our traveling exhibit about him is there as well. See it!
guys go follow get him to 5000! (:
When people show me who they are I believe them...#imdone ✌
Google voice transcription of supercalifragilisticexpialidocious: super calloused fragile mystic X, paella dealerships. Not bad, actually!
Sometimes the best opportunities in #life come knocking at ur door
Good morning NYC. I'll have a coffee and 2 gallons of rice pudding now please.
in so much pain
yes! “: practice? Practice? We're talking about practice here lmao”
Yes. I rubbed my eyes and read it a second time, too.
yeah I'm working on it
love it
I wish this rain would go away...I want to ride some Go-Karts!
yes that one
what ? Lmfao clown I dnt care who u like all I'm saying is u wasn't talking lebron 4 months ago now u are that's it
RT IF U HAVE FOUND A WAY 2 MAKE A LIVING IN THIS BUSINESS U ARE SUCCESSFUL.. now just focus on growing ur product
Thanks to 14 hours of sleep, I think I'm finally caught up! First day of work tomorrow!
I already know, Sis!
Cut the drama and give me the #facts so we can all move on with our day
It's kind of like Flickr but more stylish, capable. RT : Ok, so what is Pinterest and why is it awesome? Or is it? I need info.
Thank you Greg Latterman and for an awesome pre-birthday dinner!
Sin Cere inked a deal with Island Def Jam for 2 albums coming 2011
hey now! hey now! this is what dreams are made of!
Let's just lay here and be lazy baby!
possibly going to Kennedy
I am so ready for December. So ready.
Looking for a great Internship for the summer? Apply online today or give us a call for details!
Start everyday with a new hope, leave bad memories behind and have faith for a better tomorrow.
Alert: Seasonal flavor shift, Blueberry --> Banana. You've only a few days left...act accordingly.
Every one of us is a salesperson, whether we know it or not!
Are the MittWits gonna push Flip Romney to the promised land?
lol. well, fair enough. nothing irks me like brand new tech purchases that are immediately obsolete!
going to bed...long day baking tommorrow with my main man Blakester!! oh yea and the other trouble makers &
I just shook a kangaroo's hand at
Detour from work to Mass. Eye and Ear...something in my eye for 6 hours...
yeah but you've had my heart for ages now !!
He left them up! He's moving back there after he's done in Miami!
Sounds fun! I want to come!
Signed up for a #redbullbcone type of competition! This is gonna be dope af! :D
Thanks to everyone who made it to the show at Abbey Tavern last night! A great time was had and we'll be posting some video soon as well!
Twelve ounces of delicious Stumptown drip coffee (Holler Mtn blend), and a biscotti for ONLY $1.00? This week only, from 7-8am !!!
then you'll have more time to visit me!
Sorry to miss it! RT : Post-#FranCamp - where r u?
Roger, thanks for the follow! Let me know if you'd like to read a script. Best, Matthew
worth considering if Rob Wilson would have as productive a half (10 pts) as he had if Indiana's Verdell Jones was playing.
Bout to call it a night.. Deuces !
the best way to become a person that others are drawn to is to develop qualities that we are attracted to in others..
Of course
Seriously It needs to rain. You can't see my tears in the rain.
Happy Friday: Today's focus - possible endings, the future and all the inbetweens...
I still play this game!!
": THUG LIFE! BYTCH!"
Are your #vegan #cupcakes #soyfree?
I know! -smirks-
check yooo gmail =p
Music is love, and love is life.
aha, yeah okay
Me too! RT: Super excited to see on the SM map! Follow for upcoming SM events!
RT : The bidding for the baseball jersey is up to $400! It has been an exciting day. Who is ready to take a next crack at the next bid
im down in Texas
I don't mind it on the phone so much. In person, though, it used to really get to me. Now I'm just baffled.
I think I had one student who signed up planning on taking the NC -- never showed; just needed the credit hours...
Special after work event on Thursday, 1/26/12 at The Reef featuring Kindred the Family Soul and benefiting The Lupus Foundation...tix $25
she brave(; lol and shes lucky to have a friend like u cause u r super nice(:
that's been my last name since like august. we're married
Fun fact: Tequila + wine + mac n cheese + french fries + a great dose of vitamins bf bed = vomiting all morning. Who knew?
how much shipped
I had Portollo's after dan shift today. We are twins eating chicago style!
aw thank you :)
Playing The Avenue Lounge with our friends The Turkeys. Come shake yo Sass!
What's natural about cocaine?
Why Branding Matters: The govt is arguing for #HCR w/o defending precedent as a Medicare-For-All tax & justices are confused
both, mostly a Webmaster. I don't always like using FB when commenting though, on other blogs.
lol well tell Trey Im working on it
Rednecks and twitter don't go together
Putting fault to rest can be accomplished by finding somewhere to lay blame. Chás This...
painting my nails
Sorry, I'm halfway through catching fire and not liking the lack of action. Minimal internal psychology is what made the 1st one so good.
Great response from Bill Benjamin to dealing with sales pressures. Listen to the podcast if you missed it.
Just wondering how many of you will use your cell phone to purchase a gift this Christmas?
You have the right as a Dental assistant to decline treatment in order to anyone for any reason
We will have a booth at The Taste of Pinecrest today. Come visit us, get a chair massage and enter our raffle for fabulous spa services!
At the salon getting my hair cut. Then off to the gym later to get cut. Teehee :)
I think I was at that apartment of the incredible bookshelves today!
Chicago, home to 27 moving bridges, more than any city in world. Bridge lift today during lunch, right outside Score! Pic to come!
i remember that ... that was crazyy but i loved the view :)
I am SO proud to be a Liberal Progressive!! We might not have jobs, but we know how to smoke weed and throw the best demonstration parties!!
Kinda bummed Fox cancelled
The funny part is how readily you support raping girls when the perps are of the correct skin color.
Scripting this weekend for next feature while the editor for does some more post work. Thank you snowed-in days!
Awesome morning hanging out in the office! So inspiring! Cc
Gm twitfam........ Body hurting like crzy.... Ugh rain rain go da HELL away.
first day attempting to capture followers on twitter - if we've followed you, please follow us! www.bartenderme.com
Second lie.... 2 to love someone means you agree with everything they believe or do. rick warren
We have John Solly in the house tonight. Get here early for good seats.
Just show up!! Thanks for the Re-Tweet.
Happy Independence day to
Feel your pain. I live in Joplin and I still haven't seen them in concert before!
HAah me too But seriously you guys would be cute(:
Understandable.. If you're halfway there, I know you'll make it!
What is your favorite coffee spot?
You're dreamin'! (Literally...)
This is going to be a night to remember! Can't wait for Saturday!
I just found out about your " scale " for fans. If this is true, you have broken my heart nialler.
Jersey Boys at Sheas
Congratulations to Jen M in our #kforce #milw finance and accounting department. Six years of service with us!
7000 media and fans coming to media day tomorrow in Fan tix sold out.
Nashville! Check out this week's Streak! Do you think you can win like ?
Yes I want 12 titles to beat UCLA!
No, I didn't. People insult each other regardless of gender. And isn't it illegal to ask if you have children?
Finishing off the week with Sprecher Black Bavarian.
how was SXSW?
lol I did
yes yes, hope to see you soon!
never even heard of jagged cakes till you. Can you mail them to us lol
Ok I'm in the mood for some take out wings... I'm gonna try the wing stop cause there is only so many times that I can stand bw3's
When god made you, he broke the mold
Howdy everyone. Chad Johnson here. Hope you've all had a great week.
please follow me !x
Elam has a knife! “: Coach Muschamp says the team is carrying an edge right now that has him excited. #Gators”
okay, but how will you make money so that you'll continue to exist?
do not call us call us Beliebers few fans are the ones who are with you despite your changes
thts what my friend says!!! omgg!!!
God is def real better repent and get it right while u still have the chance follow me and I will def follow u rite back
Thx, Kim, I'll check it out. I learn so much from you!
I come home and my sweet husband is sleeping to a documentary about public broadcasting
Just one more week till PittsburghGives Day of Giving! Details on how to make your gift to POWER go further on October 4 are coming soon!
One of these days I'll realize that I'm not the girl-next-door type... Today isn't that day
I made you a tag!(; a Present for being the most awesomestestestest person.
Just watching the voice wearing my top like ya do ;P
really ain't tryin to set trip on this woodpecker. he ain't tryin to see C4 all on campbellton though.
Going to watch my NAHMAN REEDUS movies because I love him and because I can.
Never say never, but it'll be tough! I hope they do well! Last year was fun!
Time for me to listen to some
law confuses me :( iv got a feeling I'm going to fail :(
Y'all have to try The Earth Bar at WeHo. Going back to San Francisco tomorrow.
Watch one movie in my house
RT : Day 59 of 60 in FL's 2012 Legislative Session. To quote Speaker Cannon..."Bills are dying!!!!"
Hell yes. I Walk Alone was such a good song.
Agora Forte fans are the best!
live? nope
Come find our booth and find out how to win dinner at , passes to weekend events!
I'm glad you got the ropes back I was missing out on the fun ;)
Sore, can't move.
Found my favorite new place to study- Columbia University Medical Campus. Especially since it's only a 15 minute walk from my apartment!
drinking event
It is literally the best show I've ever seen. Highly highly recommend attending. Waters hasn't lost a thing.
where the honeydips at
Who voted today to help win funding for ADL Center autism kids and families??
So will we be seeing you this Sunday 4 ? //
its painful to watch
Nyc public schools are the very best.
good luck tonight!!
Probably waiting for the Facebook IPO on Friday so it can slip through the news cycle.
i wonder how people who loved the harry potter books will name their children after a character? I'm guessing Hermione will be most popular
#NameTheGame The Prime Example That There Are Too Many Bowls Bowl
#NYR12 i go to my local library on saturdays- catch up on my magazines & check out a new book!
Feel like its going to be a tiring, but productive week.
LOVE YOUR NEW VIDEO..
Finals and grading is done. ALL of it! Life has to slow down now. Right?
Softball game<3 I am covered in hives but I don't know why. Just gonna leave it alone cuz #YOLO hahah okey byee(:
Enter 2 win FREE TICKET to OPUS May 17-20 by telling us what you think of our enhanced ebooks ~ tag
Can't wait to see you out at the Northern Trust this week! We would love to see you on the range with the Team for a day!!!
Check out Steve dtCLE at Hilarities tonite doing a guest set at the show! the MC, ftr, Mike Lukas the hl
Earn $50 or more or get gift cert. to area businesses by participating in focus groups, completing surveys or acting as a mystery shopper
My brother has no clue what working out entails. It's more than lifting weights, it includes eating healthier and more.
Twitter: the only place where you get excited when a stranger follows you...
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is gonna be a movie
Grab your hats and head to #KentuckyDerby Party | 5-7pm | #TONIGHT!
OCT. 19 - CANDIDATES FORUM - MEET THE MILWAUKEE CHAPTER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES AT THE GENERAL MEMBERSHIP MEETING 6PM @ NORTHWESTERN MUTUAL
And anyone that didn't like Zelda, I'm sorry your childhood sucked.
love it when he makes me horny hate it when hes not here to do something about it
Media Enterprise I students: I salute you! Thanks for a great Saturday library session. Lotta work, lotta payoff I hope.
Looking forward to seeing tonight! is going to be amazing!
You shut your warm-weathered smartphone and go back to your mai tais and piña coladas.
Glasses and all that
#download Get it while its free ! #ROCKxSOUL LP
By da time i leave nap this summer Ima have a song with every local artist worthy wether its producin, writing, or spittin! BET
Contest is still open through the weekend! RT for a chance to win a signed copy of new historical fiction GROSVENOR SQUARE!
Bad teeth or bad skin?
where you work?
Truly just shaking my head!!!
what the hell????
In the 39 studio! They have 4 cameras... She needs to follow the red light! So much fun!
Shout out to all the women in college that gave hand jobs for dining dollars last semester.
I had a great time with you and Becca today, ! I can't wait to see the #DancersAmongUs book! Thanks for a lovely morning.
that sucks so are u on tour right now?
So excited, yet sad! Watching Grant's last episode of #GhostHunters ...So far, Ghosts are afoot!
cant wait to go hard with at prom!! legoo!
good morning ;)
Oh big surprise yelled at once again!!
Having a cold sucks ....
today was amazayn.
Im am ready and excited for the #chasingthesun video!!
The new covers feel more paranormal romance and less noir. I love CurseWorkers because it's different from everything else.
Because banks own houses and make donations and students don't.
watching the last battle of really has my heart. #emotional, #captivating and #convicition! LOVE THIS MAN!
got it!
“: hint: until this weekend, we hadn't seen since I asked you to marry me!”
Stay humble.... Be gracious
I wont cuddle, but ill hold you tightly while im fucking you.
Pain settin in
King Gorilla
If you have a funky spot that shows no zoning, we could use a location for an interview. pls send pic to
the best ipod color is black...
A Taste of London..... nice job team
I am what I am, I can't help myself and if you don't like it, get with somebody else ;)
How are y'all feeling today :D
fantastic photos on your Historypin Channel! Love the cover shot!
Don't you worry!
lol look at my icon:) i met him a couple times actually<3
Keith, check my website for health and nutrition. They have medical resurch they can verify. Ply Safe
he said retweet..
voted today
Rajon Rondo has probably the biggest basketball IQ out of anyone!!
when are these fest? I would lketo submit?
All the Glueys are headed to for Phil Stone, The Revenge and 6th Borough Project. Join us?
As if work read my mind! Mostly merchin, don't have to deal with customers haha 😜
I getting off of twitter.... Too much for me.
looks to good to be true!!
chilling with the fam
We offer cash for junk & wrecked cars, trucks, SUVs, vans and RVs. We will remove your old vehicle and pay you cash for your car....
My grandma got most of my throwback pics stuffed away in her house somewhere lol :-(
gross. Double gross.
Birthday comin up soon! Thinkin about hitting the slopes...
Phew! Panic Over! Mum now has a ticket - Bring on Baku!!!
I hope they get there
Tweetdeck for iPhone works again!
ATT and the DMV are definitive proof that Satan exists.
Luongo WOULD get blame in a game where his defensemen absolutely hang him out to dry.
Shut the Friday up idea of the month: wine with lunch.
Thanks for sharing :)
Yes, yes! Let's do it! Just emailed you...
I'm here for youu babygirll. it's rough for me too.
but it's funny how people talk about Teresa and a year after everything, she is successful and built a mini empire.. makes me think..
I know Slugger! LOL!!
snooki just loves Situations dick.
whoa..just saw this! epic!
My problem is I don't know how to say no and people take advantage of that!
oh well i find it to be quite comical
Fucking her face gives a whole new meaning to "fuck face"
Alert! Who are the most needy & disenfranchised among us? Jesus said we haven't found HIMuntil we've found THEM & served them.
"I will be roaming toledo shortly--- just wait to see what I am doing now...."
can I bring food into the joint? Wanna stop by in a few to watch Phillies game.
RT : "More than institutionalized barriers there is almost a political conspiracy to stop healthcare innovation" - Ray
Np at all, it's a good read=)
#endofhighfashion did you jerk off the horse with your lips to get the semen?
what are you doing tomorrow, keewey! (:
Thoughts on phx #kings series? Will be physical series, already is 10 minutes in.
What the fuck is there to do in this lame ass town.
Did we just create our own necromancer sketch group?! I think we did!
Have never listened to Forever's full score on its own. It's so choppy in the movie; I wonder if it was supposed to be.
give him our best.
if it gives you two sides and no angle, find the inverse. So for Sin, if you have 3,4,&5, do the inverse of it.
chargers suckk..I didn't pick ONE charger for my fantasy team.
Thanks. Have another post set to go very much in line with points you make.
Cardinals survive a wild one, 49-35.
so true
Are you currently seeking cheap coach bags Bags : jimzenobia
Wishing all Happy #Holidays and Merry #Christmas!
is on such a strict diet...he's eating ants
i love you<3 please tweet me back,. see u in april in NYC<333333 i am such a huge fan&supporter, please tweet me (: ?<3
so badass bro
Don't judge me by my tone! ;)
Please send some rain to Arizona too.
#sctretreat2012 - lots of cardinal birds and snow - must be a good sign
RT : #generalassembly live tweet time!! para mas informacion. #ows It's the next best thing to being there!
What are we going to do about that, Angel?
Now I remember why I have been so reluctant to start another chapter. Writing is hard.
Happy Birthday Grandpa. I still miss you everyday
it was during lunch(:
IT'S MANGO DAY! Want to learn a new language for FREE through your LIBRARY? Stop by the Mango booth and see how awesome the program is!
okay, good bye -_-
trying 2 learn real estate real quick 4 an event I am putting on today about real estate! Give me a few things equity partners look 4
#Jameson, #Panda3d, #Python, #Gibson, #Twitter and physics modeling... what could go wrong? Hey...what does this button do? *alarm sounds*
amen Xochitl, amen
Hate when I don't understand, cause then it just pisses me off.
nice meeting you! We totally have to do mint choc chip sometime. Then Tums! ;-)
we just joined twitter! MEOW! WOOF!
he's adorable too!!
I hate that but this also totally made me lol
Lol, I can only dream of being an insider. But that's what my vision would be. I'm in my IT mode right now
In honor of Teacher Appreciation Week, who's been the most influential teacher you've ever had?
Happy Easter Everyybody!
"Justice is love made public"(C.West).Joy & purpose of working for it is as much in the act as the outcome.Arc of the universe is long.
Yeah, it's strange how relevant it seems after 50 years - reminds me of Dad, for some reason
On our way to the windy city for a loaded rock show w/ a bunch of our Chicago rock n roll buddies
great meeting you! Thanks for coming to KMOX.
Half these ppl on my TL kno damn well they don't kick it wit TUPAC shit yall was 5 years old when that nigha died but that's your fav rapper
Backpack. You'll be carrying umbrella, water, camera, sweater, guidebook
Im so bored you guys :(
Must be because I really look big enough to be carrying twins. I'm huge.
hahaha its so good
I'd love to see it... Drive it over some day or let me know when I can stop by to check it out!
There are well built men stripping for $$ downtown tonight. Guess that answers the question of what I'm doing tonight!
awesome found your twitter page!!! I freaking love your music and your voice!!!! It's total hotness!!!!!
We're excited to have you! Thanks for your help!
Making a cup of Sottish Breakfast tea
and not a peep came out of them when Floyd explicitly threatened violence against transgender women.
hey how r u sweeti I miss sO much
RT How bout a new song preview?
"meh" is a pretty recent innovation too, isn't it?
Aw so sad but you had to do what was best for you. College is top of the priority list.
We have a new server ready - vpn-ne5 OpenVPN (SSL) server in Montreal, Canada. It's available in your customer area now.
You coming my tattoo you really not going to try us again for real
RT : Shout out to the guy that puts the "SKIP THIS AD" button on internet ads.
can't wait to Sonoran you. Hope you like it. See ya soon.
Sorry for inability to send tweets from the correct account, but you get the idea.
I wanna try to get that on Pumps and Punchlines so u aint the only one that wanna see that
Finishing up a #WordPress theme as a favor to a friend, one last custom widget to go then off to work on one of my sites for once.
Oh wow guys Gagas tour is not cancelled she would never do that
Lmao..Im Sure Itz Not A Figurative Language..Lbs
RT : "Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school." - Albert Einstein.
Sometimes you just want to give up.
*chokes on cereal* WHAT??!!
My 23 yro niece, who grew up in Japan and Singapore, just called to ask me questions about Instagram & FB. I suddenly feel taller.
They remind me of Ari♥
in 09', i was on Riker's Island and heard an inmate singing @ Drake's "Successful", before it hit radio. that's when i knew it was a wrap...
College Humor: Hardly Working: Zombie Bite - HAVE A GREAT HALLOWEEN WEEKEND!!
If we have graduation rehearsel the day of prom I'm gonna flip the fuck out
Just wait until the guys face melts. You're talking about movies right? :)
I think our algebra teacher just called a whore..😂😂
So excited!!!
Dear FBI: Your secret Wi-Fi equipped vehicles might stay more secret if you stopped broadcasting their SSIDs as "FBI Van 3171."
Doesn't talk to me so I can't. And anyone else into that hasn't given me a clear answer either yet. Needs name.
yes and yes! I'm going to call GPC this week bc I def wanna come down for that weekend. Have fun in Canada love:)
PortalMastersnet - Battle ModeMushroom Grove - prisms crystal
I actually like being at work this early
omg, that's why Tony Stark is the cool asshole he is... mind blown.
Champagne, easy mac, & stepbrothers..
Apple Newsstand Drives 268% Increase in Digital Subscriptions at Conde Nast
- OMG! Janet was the ish last night! Had a blast w/ my Jan Fam in Milwaukee. On to Detroit!
It's National Burger Month and we are celebrating in ! Special burger & beer feature each week! Stop by and see us!...
stop fucking hacking freak, she didn't do anything to you.
I need to pull an all nighter to study, anyone have any suggestions of what I should take to stay awake?
if you like me, then say you like me
Just being my regular ah-mazing self! ;)
lol I meant where r u getting it done. But looks cool!! & yes..loves new locale! U need to come here!
Steak Burrito it is then! I need to go to a Chipotle now. lol
yeah, let me know, well, good luck tomorrow, im going to bed
Congrats! Ah yes, I remember breaking my first bed. Seems like yesterday. :)
My eyes hurt.... goodnight.
#teamsouthwood>>>every other middle school
Come on doosh bag - Tweet some regurgitated BS about resilience, or hanging tough, or whatever excuse for losing.
“: ELI MANNING is MVP? #nosurprise” and won a corvette
Why did you put as your thing. I'm the Beautiful daughter..? You do not think that is a little too confident?
A hangover is the wrath of grapes.
Go to for your wristband!
3D t.v., why am i so freaken modern??? gosh im so cool,
Please share any pictures (safely) that you have of the storms. Pretty amazing sky.
Why is it, whether you sit up or sit down, the result is the same?
How'd that work out for ya?
Wednesday morning LIVE Greyhound Racing (all times ET): Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
filling up in marengo.
#FridayReads WASTELANDS edited by Good stuff!
he was bearddazzled
I'm pretty sure I'm winning in life cause no one ever told me I walk talk or act like a Kardashian.
what does an visually-impaired accessible geographic analysis or visualization look like?
I told sharukh that I love Omar more than I ever did . That Omar means everything to me & he's all I need
