Dr. Darm and Aesthetic Medicine Announce Charity Event to Benefit the Oregon Humane Society
Apple Set To Release Subscription-Focused iOS 4.3 eweekeurope.co.uk/news/apple-set… via
I might have just stumbled upon the prettiest Black Girl ever
home is the Delt house/Muncie bro. You're just on vacation now...
The recap is often better than the show itself.
Do you need to set up your record label? Contact MEA
"we've heard of all this 'big data' but want to learn more"
#DuckDynasty = new favorite show :-)
Now watching Bridesmaids . Funniest movie ever !
Bitch named brittney, big ass titties
#Highfives things i nnever see in Zambia
Survive and advance. Good win last night Buckeyes. Now its time to rise and grind.
My mom is the queen of introducing me to people I should know but I don't cause I don't really want to.
now Scott, you don't want this happen.
America's brightest CEO hard at work, doing something to support US economy and grow business profits once again...jump in and support the …
According to that Teen Mom show, fake nails lead to teen pregnancy.
what's god
I'm developing a weird mancrush on Kid's legit.
I hate your life lol.
i-i've been feeling lonely
This "issue"...I was a crazy activist back then too!
just juiced some kale of my own, beets, ginger, apple . . . supa cleanse!
What's your primary trigger? RT : Power. Passion. Mystique. Prestige. Alarm. Rebellion. Trust. 7 triggers of fascination
Rumble Young Man Rumble...don't let these circumstances beat you out....Survive. Win. BREATHE LIFE.
I want to go home and shower. Holy shit.
is getting his swimmers tested today. He's worried he won't be able to perform bc every1 knows what you're doing in that room.
We need mass participation from people wanting to dance on 6th street to the WOBBLE dance after the choir performs!
Oaklanders! What music are *you* listening to to drown out the sound of police choppers hovering above #mayday #oo marchers? Me:
love yor icon and background
Who will PNoy send to Beijing?
Thanks for the mention! It should be a great event and exhibit!
Turned my phone bk on. It's acting stupid. I need a new one. 
Thanks!! We have a good time. Whenever you want to book a show again, yell!!
“: thanks for the tours and locations! #marac”//My pleasure!
damn I wanted to see him play! But no Derek's game isn't until 3:30. You and John should come!!
Just chatted up #phoenixjones ! Why didnt i take a picture?
have a safe flight!
Tre from The O.C. Is on Dawson's Creek!
I'm awaiting a call from someone in NYC named Patrick who might have a job for me.
looking for make up artist ,fashion designer or Wardrobe stylist , Photographer etc. to network work with. hit me you if you interested !
Matt, are you here in Austin? Can we meet?Let me know.
A lot of work needs to be done with the dancers.
White sox play at noon today. Day games are the best.
Don't get me wrong I still like watching EPL but competitive balance is never a bad thing.
Any #jquery ninjas here ? are hiring - come talk to me, , or
Kenny Cooper!!!
"What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight, but the size of the fight in the dog." – Dwight D. Eisenhower
it all depends on how I feel musically lol
i hope u lost $
Can't wait to watch the new
I love cover bands.
Can't wait to see you either! Safe travels getting here.
Boasted chicken. Hrumph.
RT if you're not Austin's fan because instead you're a Mahomie.
so sorry!
Not getting to spend anytime with my mom today makes me sad :(
Due to inclement weather conditions, the OVS B’nai Mitzvah Prep Program on January 12 & the OU4U dinner on January 13 have been cancelled.
RIP Donna Summer
My first love
JUST HAVIN SO MUCH FUN SINGING
We should be promoting social on air, not just home page.
The attractive face you pull just before a sneeze..
thanks again for that tasty lunch w/chef robert. Ill come see you soon. Happy holidays!
You know you work with Nerds when you get company wide emails about Magic the Gathering.
Unhappy manifestation of spring: black sugar ants swarming inside the top of the honey container. Blergh.
Lol that shit was the funniest RT : I'm bout to put sumn on you so cold
MY dad looks like his car they are both big and fat and have an evil GRIN xD
by youth, do you mean 9 yr olds who don't know what a car payment is yet?
God is sending someone into your life that says "do all that is in your heart, I am with you" (1 Sam 14:7)
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst and consultant! His work is unparalleled!
You knew,bitch,I was a snake
All tax paying, law abiding U.S. CITIZENS should be entitled to the same civil rights, regardless of who they choose to love.
#OneThingYouShouldntDo Is Sleep Down Stairs Alone Wit The Window Open lol
come to omaha!
RT : ITS TAKES TWO TO ARGUE SO SHUT UP AND LET PEOPLE YELL WITH THEM SELF U WILL GET MUCH FURTHER THAT WAY TRUST ME
Did you see him review the 3 pt'r with CJ? He's happy for his teammates.
lol could be hot then
Rad! We raised $750 in the raffle!!! Thank you to all the ticket buyers and businesses that donated! You rock!
Reminder to drink just enough, but not too much. You will know it when you feel it.
you dont know me but thanks for being so sweet and kind, God Bless you sweet purple ninja <3
what up with that? Hate it,they tried that at rupp couple years ago
The color purple never gets old
What's good on tv
wow really that's F'd up lol
would love to - back in town next week if you are around
THANKS! Gonna be huge!
I'll follow only because you asked like that.
Chick in my twitter feed jus posted her gps. I'm two blocks down from it and I randomly added her. Haha
Hey, thanks for listing me!
They have the power to get the folks to groove! RT : Black Joe Lewis and the Honeybears are making a bunch of white people dance.
“I get high, I gravitate, Weezy F. Baby, b-tch, the F is for Fascinate.” -LilWayne #RacksFreeStyle (=
Let me know if you want to do dinner or lunch one day!
Was @ Meat Market on SoBe watching Ludacris being good-natured as parents harassed him seeking pix of the rapper with kids. Bad form Miami!
what section are you!?
BEFORE SEX; u help each other get naked. AFTER sex; u only dress yourself. Moral of the story, in life, no one helps u once ur fucked!!!
Clearly, the officials have been bribed.
Dear radio, is it necessary for you to play a song I like when I arrive at my destination?
Free screenings this week: Act of Valor, Wanderlust, 21 Jumpstreet, Gone and Dr. Seuss The Lorax
That's about what I was hoping for, too.
You know when your expecting something to pass by so fast, it actually goes by so slow.. /:
Happy Belated birthday !!! #TeamBreezy I love you hope you had an amazing birthday <3Cant wait for your next tour to come to NY!
Got to sit behind the camera today... I learned so much
Thought f time he wasted doing unimportant things with important people
Who likes fantasy Baseball? huh, huh? Cause we do!
Feelings fluctuate! But today and tomorrow and everyday after that; just know you are a winner!
I Love My New Math Class., The Kid Next To Me Gets So Excited About Math. Yeah Love Ya Mark.
THANKS FOR ANSWERING MY CALL ..I NEEDED HELP ON MY PAPER
maybe u need to stop dating women without their own careers.. S/O to ladies with GOALS
Not just sort by brand/price (brand centric).How about user centric options:sustainability #sortbysustainability or cause involvement
Unfortunately not :(
Who eats scrambled eggs with cheese and tuna?
getting ready to post the Twitter lesson tonight...
Twitter Contest for our LCC Members tonight! STAY TUNED....
Who's ready to #ThunderUp? No tickets? We know of a few places....
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter i hated it. then i became a mahomie, & met cool people. now, i'm addicted.....
wtfru ? dstmmd. (I'm not crazy, just in love)
duhh! Get on my level. I want to be her!
In case you didn't know, Lewis Black is doing Hilarities Dec 21-23. Tix unavailable online, but I was able to order them by calling.
Heard on Steve is the man
No wonder why the Koch-Heads are so hated! If that idiot has the personality of them, we can see why! Condescending troll.
I didn't realize that 65 degrees is considered boiling hot in an office. Guess thats why GayJesus has his personal fan on full blast
I like how he just called me w/ a whole fickin attitude
Have you been calling me ??
Open late! Sandwich Emporium Clairemont will open till 10:00pm on Fridays and Saturdays starting on March 2.
overwhelming myself with way too many things at once
If your gonna tweet the exact same thing he tweeted yesterday, then just retweet...
Expect the worst. Hope for the best.
thanks so much for following! :-)
I swear it feel like I haven't seen my Cha Boobie in years smh. I'm sad
Lol. It's my favorite face. That's how I look when I smile. Lol.
Online & Offline organizers must think like entrepreneurs to navigate obstacles & maximize resources in order to create change. Blackroots11
Want a creative way to fundraise for a cause or a nonprofit? Contact us about our "pay-for-performance" fundraisers!
still a possibility
See I do it everyday but don't want to become obsessed with the number, if that makes sense.
that's definitely not true! You know about all those housewives...
I definitely will!
Wish you were in #STL to join us for #CitizenBiotech for some #DIYbio and
thick voltage
Completely agree, surprised by failure to include Family Tree DNA (probably bigger database than most of the others combined)
oh, yay! congrats to the whole family!
At #SWDet everyone was all amped about the Social Network soundtrack song, I'm trying to code to the soundtrack today, we'll see wuthaps.
well i wont be first thats forsure.
Thanks for the #TT follows. Have a great week.
Anyone willing to be a station captain for #nopantsaz on Jan 9th? Also need some photo and video help. Yell if interested!
so tight I'm gonna use some #3d printing in my effects. Mark me
Good morning (: & have a fantastic day!
Go back to where you came from
thanks for the RT
#DidYouKnow?: "U.S. adults ranked 12th among 20 high income countries in composite #literacy."- #Edu Testing Services
TREE INFO-Trees have real monetary value based on appraisal process used by realtors, jewelers, ect. Of course they give us oxygen too!
I think you mistook me for someone who is legitimately upset that they canceled a shitty TV show.
My email got hacked. Fucking assholes -.-
what are potential expotential possibilities of sharing systems thinking dimensions more widely?
I feel like I'm working inside of a skill saw.
#WickerPark / #Bucktown art nerds likely spotted tonight for their opening, then flat iron artists building for First Friday!
This feels like Game 3, #Celtics should be up by more than 6. #Hawks lurking
. Rep King looked very uncomfortable talking about prostitutes & saying "men will be men"
ya and of course in stuck at monticello for work an cant do ramp class. This sucks!
What is going on out there...why are my ears ringing??!?!? I had nothing to do with any of it!!!
These lips can't wait to taste your skin
awesome - three percent is still a lot - and it'll only grow - good to be on the front end of that
Here's hoping Baton Rouge experiences a huge spike in gas prices very soon!
": I'm finna snuggle with my bb dawl tonight" why do I hangout with lesbians...
One of the best features of this HTC Wildfire case is the fact that it has been designed keeping in mind the phone with great precision.
Dear chocolate commercials nobody eats chocolate in slow motion, their eyes close then making a big yum at the end Sincerly Normal People
Yes. Ill Be Gone By 10:30.
The only person who wouldn't consider trading melo after this is James Dolan.
happy thanksgiving....
I got you homie,thanks.
ha ha ha ha its my birthday
An open mind leaves a chance for someone to drop a worthwhile thought in it--author unknown
I've tried to not curse as much lately, but Penn State, fuck you for letting McQueary keep his job.
cause they aint men!
LMAO Ebony is so mean to Kaylad, poor english pastrie.
You didn't get four candy canes like glenn coco?
Art Show Tonight @ 7pm featuring local artist, Angie Gagnon. $1 off drinks from 7 to close.
I'm waving at you right now!!!
Every finish line is the beginning of a new race.....
you had a heart attack?
Toys for Tots donations accepted in Albuquerque and Santa Fe through Dec. 17
#FF the best young talent in the wld
Shutterfly is looking for Director of search marketing to lead a team and PPC efforts! Let me know if you are interested. Based in redwood…
You are not as fat as you think. The video I'm listening to is making me laugh. I really needed this.
I'm in my house. :D
you guys are great
"And bones of woven skeletons wrapped around us like arms of our lovers."
Well, it's quite possible I won't be able to wait to watch Mad Men. I may cheat a bit!
Like I'm trying to concentrate . And I can't.
I entered the SUPERFAN Sweepstakes to meet the because #IMASUPERFAN ! www.discovery.com/mythbusters
R.I.P Blair... 5 whole years smh...
Yes I am! I aged out in 2004!
Hon Veasey: Public thinks judges know their campaign contributors; blind committee is anachronism
Happy Mother's Day to one of my favorite Lady Vols
When we educate and empower women, we help to eliminate poverty.
MT “: signed The Kathleen A Mathias Chemotherapy Parity Act into law today! Making Maryland Number 18!”
We start serving Mother's Day Brunch in about 45 minutes...just enough time to shave, shower, pick Mom up and head this way!
Too bad :( If all goes well, I'm sure we'll have more!
Ladies and Gentlebeards, my dreams have come true. performed with Jack Black.
and don't forget to follow me!!! :)
Had a great conversation with even tho it was really embarrising. :D
So there is no golf being shown on TV from the Masters until this afternoon?
Why am i dying to live if im just living to die?
I need to get a REAL job soon.
So many out-of-towners whining on FB about #acllotto. It's AUSTIN City Limits people. The lotto is free. And we support local businesses!
why do you care? Oh yeah, Tebow beat your Steelers. Best game I've ever been to. I take TT over elway, manning anyday
rad! the key to public music is to keep it chill without rolling too far into elevator "muzak"
why are you in such a hurry? It's not like you are working or anything. :) j/k (kisses)
never :) but text me cause im gettin off twitter
Dayum shame...some females dont have nothing to do but hate #geturswaggup cause im not gone lose no sleep over u lmbo
Are you being serious?! Lol (: I wish I was /:
the man on the ledge was great so unexpected
Ride the Roosevelt island sky tram at 59th street. It flies over the river and is scary.
just go for it! Ranel the security guy is nice half of the time lol
An off day for the #Brewers today-talking concerns at the top of the lineup and the middle man in the rotation.
Maroon 5 type of day
“: I may start a drinking game with hw involved to keep myself motivated”
Uecker would do about as well as the entire #Brewers offense these last three games.
it was unreal i'm so depressed to be back :'(
Thanks for following
Welcome Let's come together here and make South Florida a nation of titles. It is our time.
Oh no way, Jose! I'll turn right back around...NEED music to keep my feet movin'
I know she can use the business, and I prefer that store to nearby "Ocean Garden," which I call the "organs in buckets" grocer.
MC Scouting's NYC model apartment is now open! Pictures coming soon!!
Old people budged in line making my carry-on the first to be checked at the gate.
All Porsche Show at Triple X Rootbeer Drive-In - The Seattle Times
Its funny how in san antonio, lakers fans run there mouth over 1 win. then the spurs turn around & whoop there ass & they get all butt hurt
yeah it was upsetting he didn't make it back home even after he was ready to go back...
Hawaii is the only coffee producing state.
I'm watching and crying with <3
CPD is not in the pocket of Rahm like Bloombergs army. Rahm is in the doghouse w CPD.
I was just looking at that. Just trying to get my .com from some real estate dude. Who knew there were that many Jason Burns?
Ok, now everyone go home and watch my fellow UD ACC alum on Jeopardy Tournament of Champions tonight.
Dang! We are out of sync!
R.I.P Heavy D!! His Last Tweet "Be Inspired", WOW!!!
think more and more about the crazies who see the earth and world as we know it ending in one day. really?
I understand importance of census since im in TVadv but just thought it was a waste of paper send 2 say it will b coming.
I can
aww feel better. back pain sucks. I need to start reading again. I love it.
really?? That'd ridiculous wats it saying?
oh they are most definitely not kosher!
going to sephora to buy a proper pink eyeshadow thank you very much.
Hi there. *Smiles sweetly.*
Look at how many unborn children are being blown all over tramp stamps
It's officially time for
Very cool! You'll be the laser expert in class. ;-)
lol yea I kno like wat else do I have to do with my life
old #theoffice on netflix. S/O to damon for getting me hooked on it again
Went ice skating with the homies now sleep over with the besties.
Haha! That's amazing. Sounds like a cool mom.
“: Yoyo u all have to download this app Qwips. Its awesome. They are sponsoring the espn mag party in Indy. Check it out yo”
Wow, the Rangers absolutely destroyed the Red Sox tonight, 18 to 3!
We have a WINNER! The lucky guy is Tony Askin! Tony, please come by the restaurant with an ID and we'll gladly give you the prize!
SPRING HAS ARRIVED! Contact us so your dog can have a Spring Break Escape/Adventure too! Contact us today to guarantee a reservation.
The only time i ever put clothes in my hamper in when they get tomato sauce on them
looks like much more than an injury from the spikes. saw the knee buckle inward a bit.
I believe that is correct!!
Tell em' steve dave is coming to cruces! Road trip!!!
on video games
Audition went great !!!
thank you for following, God Bless you, and thank you for your service to this GREAT country😃🇺🇸
“: Hahah has a 7 hour layover in houston going to mexico #coldworld” hey mane idgaf 😊
Just voted for People's Choice projects #AIA-Oregon - impressive work
I need another shot of you on the rocks, cuz I'm down to my last drop!
very true just picked up the sample from
It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun
I despise my classes tomorrow. GOD IT'S TAKING FOREVER TO BE MAY 24TH
A Fuck bitches get Money. Pandora juken.
how do you watch a 87 mph fastball go by without swinging??
It's Friday - Happy Friday to all
The state fair is over. Balloon fiesta starts next weekend. I am ready!
Me too!!
we could only agree it has to be big and has to be HD
Finally an explanation for at least one of my six seat changes care of #Delta: different plane. All new seats for everybody. From 20A to 38D
RT The Jets have officially signed 6th round pick, Guard, Robert Griffin. / We're calling him RGGreen, alright guys?! ... Hello?
“: sounds good! I like campbell's creamy tomato!!
I'm out
everrytime im home alone... i think of insidious....
I went on a cool field trip with yesterday to HQ. Thx for the DigiDOC tour and info, and !
Watching the dodger game and I see in the back (: wave hi!
I'm honestly suprised I made junior prom royalty
thanks everyone for the support! Tomorrow Brno, Prague. Hope to see you there!
Sent! Looking fwd to it!
A woman after my own heart.. “: The way to my heart is through breakfast burritos & sushi. Just not at the same time.”
it was good to see you again! We should go to the diner more often! Hahah
thank you and wishing you a wonderful weekend!
Some people just can't accept the fact that you're better off without them.
i need a break!!
Excited to have the lovely Sarah Smith from host this week's #SaturdaySips with free cheese tasting! 12:30-2:30pm Sat.
This morning could be going better. High-stakes presentations? Sure, says the computer, I'll go unresponsive 1st thing in the morning!
are you coaching this year and if so, me and better be team captains. 💋
My tech crapped out yesterday so I wasn't able to tweet about my little trip to Melrose & Culver city but hoping to play catch-up tomorrow
I have such a bad headache. #timetosleep 
I am thanks. Always here to help if you need me.
As long as there is dope hip hop, there will always be ! Peace all our new followers and constant supporters!
Sometimes I think dumpster divers are the hardest workers. They get up super early, fight off competitors, and work 7 days/wk.
has landed a role....stay tuned
Home tip of the week: Stray ends of nylon rope can be joined by melting the strands together into one rope end.
"A cobra snake entered the children’s house. [With my Nokero] I went inside and killed the snake." Reggina Kasera, Nokero user in Namibia
awesome! RT : The house went back on the market today. Already had one showing.
That's so five years ago of you.
my wife had a 3g, now has a 4s, & my current android has a touchscreen but none compare to even my worst QWERTY for typing
Teen Mom could do a whole season just on the girls in the 315
wats good how u
So, business calls:) #CEO has work to do! :)
God. Why can't all of summer feel like this? I can even see the stars. What a perfect night.
How many people can you actually trust? About 2 huh.
he told me to ask u
Not that it matters, but I don't see how you look at the new logo and think Jay-Z just wants to thug out the team? Ignorance is scary.
follow and please :D x32
Why did you RT that........... did you pick the wrong one? LMAO 8'D
Great Sunday going to bed! Did some work
Come on down to the Rio All-Suites Hotel today for the Vegas Woman 's Expo from 10-5 It's gonna be HUGE and fun!! Come see us!
Check out The Cheer Ambassadors. Great story about Thailand's 1st place finish @ the 2011 Cheerleading World Championships
Guess I should make sure my calendar is free...I'd really like to see more "craft beer" events here :)
yes!!! and I just signed up the family for summer reading :) Gotta pick out some books for them today!
Welp, I have learned to never book a 6:15am flight again. Also I want to throw my phone out the window. See you at 10pm, NYC.
Robin Hood: Men In Hartmut's Face
That was a good ball game! :)
So all of a sudden JaVale McGee can play basketball? Where was this when he played for the #Wizards?
#JDaddyFact Justin Bieber doesn't like girls who wear Uggs RT if you don't wear uggs.
what we do?... what you did. thank you
amen bro
“: Thank you! Have a great one!” always!!!
I really wish we could kill everyone's souls. Then life would be Easy! Existing seems so much simpler.
Happy new year to everyone now it's time for football come on
"There's no I in team, and neither is there a U"
There are people who think that everything one does with a serious face is sensible. Georg Christoph Lichtenberg (1742 - 1799)
bummer :/ did he replay any interviews last night?
“: is that new?”. Always on the upswing in the land of Martin!
I don't want to follow Ryan Seacrest twitter! Talking dildos don't impress me.
well as long as you like it ;) so what do you like to do for fun? When your not working and on the social media websites lol!
I wanna travel to the motherland of africa and run with the lions, then fly to cambodia and pray with the most annointed monks
A good nap changes my entire perspective on life! Love being stuck somewhere between #realism and an #optimism. Life is good today!
Well, Valentine's Day is over, so we're no longer allowed to express our affection for one another. Instead, come register to win an iPad.
A passion of nerds? Wish I could be there!
How do the professors who use laser pointers resist pointing them at the students? ...Maybe that's why I'll never be a professor.
Sigh* Apartment searches lead to awkward texts this evening with shady agencies. Cc
New pretty hair! Thanks !
I can't stop smiling
don't forget to DM us your address today for your FREE tshirt
I've stopped working on the theme and have put more effort into creating a usable architecture for LMS plugins.
And I love it <3
Earn income by sharing a product everyone can use. You’re not selling SKINNY. You’re creating HEALTHY LIFESTYLES each day. ‘Go Green’ at...
got to make that money
FOLLOW ME PLEASE(: x3
There is truly something magical about children's laughter!
There should be a moment where #MeAndYou just be alone....
well, arent you just adorable
pic or it didn't happen :)
Program session on How the Humanities Help Us Understand Economic Behavior begins #ACLS2012 (1/3)
Feels like earthquake weather...
Can you pleasee come make me some soup? Im home sickk from school & I dont feel like it:)
I also want to live in Plainfield </3
Can anyone explain to me what the big deal is with Instagram? What is it for?
They didn't check my Jesus credentials ;-)
In class on time for the first time and ready lol
Today was the first day of spring 2012...it's been/going to be a great year
wait ... You mean that tweet didn't get published? Great time for a fail whale! GT will miss Leeann and Katy v. much!!
I would love it. We have like no free time though haha
Same goes for Walker. No track record of anything. He wouldn't even get hired at most jobs without college degree.
99% of the time I'm sarcastic. This was not one of them.
I want to see Avengers, Batman, Skyfall (huge Bond fan and the Craig ones have been so good!), Hobbit, and Gatsby. You?
damn you got swag! Fresh
Wishes All branches of the Collective a Happy New Year!
any details?
Dude, make that happen and pour a little for your homeys at DEV.
goal by Richardino and we are tied again at 8-8 in #MISLChampionship game
hey don b mean im 1 of them (bu it will b krazy all da girls in our school r not nature welcome)
Music at the Market this Saturday at 9 am!!! Can't wait to hear Shannon Branch!!!
could have been better for me...but I'm glad you had a great day!
Customer service is education
So excited to be writing new material!
which video did you see the one of them in the club dancing
banana sticker 2 you!
The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere.-- Anne Morrow Lindbergh
#143143 Q-if u had to choose between Minny or Nickey(Nick n Mikey) which one would u chose?
I ♥ the hunger games canz't wait 2 watch it with
Love that Cate Blanchett's cover of the Economist is NOT photoshopped. What a breath of fresh air. I hope this will start a trend!
Veterans Champion endorses in #CA52 over Shows Lori is no USMC Brat, just plain 'ol brat.
Thanks for the RT!
Former Bedford County officer convicted of eluding - Roanoke Times
I love working on same project as 3 other people and being the last to push my changes. And by that I mean, I hate my life
Worst day of my life. he just killed me i swear .
Hm indeed!
Figured. Seems like there is net coverage even in the Himalayas these days, lol.
We're settled in for the long haul. Knitting a scarf for one of our Rescuers.
Trust me, that money will get blown. Jessica will pull an Anna-Nicole Smith, and the kid will be left with nada. Sweet justice.
Spent 3 hours yesterday helping Maddy and friend with Rube Goldberg machine. Current prob: mousetraps make it go too fast.
Dr. Annulis speaking at 9 AM at MS Society of Certified Public Managers Conference at the IP casino in Biloxi, MS. Topic: Change Leadership.
Happy Mother's Day! ~Natasha
yea! Here till 4
Who are the geniuses that designed the I-94 "detour?" It was like being stuck in one of Dante's Circles of Hell.
it really is! Im just curious to know how in the hell that came up tho, like its bling bling baby, wait what? Bling, bling?
Yes she has.
I've been good just doing me You?
thnx chinkarino i actually look good in a pic for once
Exactly one week from yours: Feb. 8! Heading down to New Orleans to celebrate!
she's wonderful! Thank u for asking dangerous!
Watching men walk on frozen water while using sticks to put black cylinders into a sideways basketball hoop. Interesting.
Sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence
"NCAA basketball fans are the most digitally connected, followed by NBA fans." Bret Werner (Catalyst) discussing 2011 Fan Engagement Study
Come on heat !
Just out here in the playoffs .. You finished in Venezuela ??
"Man that guy got major neck in his day"
they're amazing for that! What band's do you usually see?
Ever wonder what a day in the life of Midtown Detroit, Inc President, Susan Mosey is like? 'sDetroit is going to show you at the...
No matter how famous you get, there will always be somebody who doesn't have a clue who you are. And why should they?
- Tottaly agree with you there, Robinson was the wrong pick, that's why he stole Castell from WVU for Ariz..
Llegar de mal humor y que estén dando #Friends me la subió!
Wishbone is my lifeblood, man.
pumped for the screening of Bernie with Jack Black. Hopefully, i won't sleep through this one.
*When the boys come to Pittsburgh next year* Liam: Pittsburgh, you were wonderful.." Louis:Pittsburgh fans talk funny" Zayn: Pittsburgh (c)
Odds that a team trades up to get RG3 at 2 spot so Vikes can get Kalil?
Awww now that is love, A mans best friend for sure ;)
can't get enough strawberry cheesecake
Already checked in. Boom
Really/: well at least I can talk to you on Twitter <3 :)
omg duh its akward wth was she thinking it was supposed to be like? Enjoyable?!?! lol
yahh..for 2 weeks with my family..In Boracay..:)) i heard that place is so beautiful..
everything i said in that song was real.
Sitting with and Emily, playing funbrain. Oh, time for math.
too bad the #DMV doesn't produce lovers lol
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY! Maybe a good day to go buy a better water filter. Whether you have an inbuilt one in your fridge; on your tap; or sta…
Good morning! Have a blessed day!
I hate everything about today...it's okay though because tomorrow I'm going to see , , and !
The most feared words in baseball: Here's Jim Knox.
Why aren't you following me? :(
Told my wife-to-be that I'm marrying her out of irony.
Should I continue watching Judge Dredd?
If anyone knows anyone renting a room in Fort Collins for this summer/maybe longer. Hit me up!
Hi Nick, long time but I definitely agree with your concept of time with wine. Great wines evolve as you well know!
Love to serve clients with another long night of fun projects. Work hard weekdays so play hard weekends. ;-)
Got a demo of the new product, running all on AWS. UI, the back end, all coming together nicely. exciting times ..
the cabin in the woods.lol.its insane&hella creepy.omg.WATCH EEEET.
True. But the world also needs more artists. Period.
And UK set a new NCAA men's Division I record for most wins in a single season with 38.
love you!!!
Please go brown at home!//RT : #Browns spoksmn said team still discussing 2012 home jersey color
Great idea=) Do you live in Colorado Springs?
lol...its your fault
That's the most excited I've gotten in a long time! GO HUSKIES! #VAB2011 Wow!
Well this just ruined my day.
I'm about halfway through CLASH OF KINGS by and the suspense is killing me. This series is so freaking good.
I'm thinkin maybe I can't have relationships.
Collecting toys for Stuff A Bus, I'm at Nino Salvaggio Hall rd Clinton Twp, SO FUN-come help the kids www.963wdvd.com
never said i was a fan? i'm not into short ugly puppy dogs, just sayin =)
Just because my brother's girlfriend is missing a leg, she gets to board the plane first. It's like, life is so unfair.
Annoying - I need something from the Apple store that has noting to do with an iPad. Wonder when the crowds will die down...
hi girl
a whole group of teen patrons just told me they love me, in a non snarky/sarcastic way. must be doing something right!
Hey everyone - our full length, "Keeping Time" has just been released in Australia by Fuse Music!
Open your eyes and look around you. Be thankful for what you have, and not angry for what you don't have. You are more fortunate than u know
Just think how buff you'll be when #winter is over though!
iPhone tweet. Boom
you know steve's got the whip dawg.
She's old. She and Uncle Louis don't have much money, so she takes things from around the house and gives them away as presents..great movie
consume that bottle of wine and get your booty over to our apartment!
14 years we known each other and there is never a day I regret it , I love you bestfriend (:
I keep multiple lists so that I can enjoy making check marks next to & cross items off my list more than once #ocd anyone?
your welcome.
Abdul-Jaleel's lawyer says victim's family wants Youthful Offender status but probation didn't consult them.
: awh want me to make you a big o bowl of homemade soup buddy?
Who the FUCK are you thoughhhg
Way too hot in here for me to go to sleep. It would help if I got rid of my winter comforters -.-
Ugh!!! Uon know nun bout me!! !CHARLIE!
Hope u are having a great week x
Drinkin' wine and smoking hookah like a boss.
A true inspiration.
proud of my girl!
"A Merry Christmas to us all. God bless us, every one." - Tiny Tim
Suuuuuuuuuuuuppppppeeerrrrrrr.. #sonics Very impressed with Chris Hansen and we better not screw up a sweet deal like this
Sipping on some cranberry and vodka.
On this Good Friday, envision the Savior on the cross, bloodied and cast in shadows. Listen as heaven whispers: For you, my child. For you.
are you or are you not going to be a EyeCon???
Heard somebody knocking on my window
It's going to be a little while. Drummer got hired away by an airline, so we're getting our new one ready. March 10th at Dans
Join Paul Teller, executive director of the U.S. House of Representatives Republican Study Committee (RSC) at SPA drop-in advising today.
Appreciate the follow! Thanks.
Congrats! That is awesome!
can u even go one day without nutella? Haha lol have a good day vinny! Plz follow
I hear that. I love the app & have been using it since it came out. Still using boxcar for push notifications though
#FF Detroit insiders
Milwaukee is stuck in 82
Thanks for the recommendations!
Saw on facebook that you're going to be reading some Sowell books. I've read and own both Black Libs and Intellectuals. Good stuff!
#ireallymiss my daddy.... tears
I need to hire an interior designer. Anyone available to lend their services?
ok just making sure ;)
I live 3 blocks away, so I use the office when I need serious focus. Keeps me sane.
Liberty is useless if you're not healthy enough to exercise it.
That was a Fab line lol n my rap bag “: Wow that was harsh RT : Niggas sleepin on me hope u die n ya sleep”
From afar, as someone completely removed, he admired the sheer audacity of Bennett's takeover.
Wacky ending to the #Brewers game, but they manage to pull out a win!
Uh, wow : #didyouknow Chicago's concierge make almost 5 million referrals/year?
is OFFICIALLY in Business come down and get your waxing, manicure/pedicure service 50% off.
Thank you to for having me on the show tonight
hahaha y'all are some triflin goons
hm I might have to! I go home Thursday, so I'll see what I can do!!
About to eat then hit the gym! Don't forget to check me out opening for K-Jon 1/16/11 @ Mr. G's in Chicago!
omg. pigs. they should never be in the "food i like to eat" section. not nice. EAT GRASS. NOT PIGS.
i thought they both compromised that way
Discovered a great tool this week to create and capture valuable information on relationships... www.gist.com
It feels like a summer morning outside!!
Damn bro, People send me their videos all the time... They're normally wack AF, But this is dope..
if your awake... tweet me..baby I'm sorry..
He Want That Cake !
in my 8 years, I have yet to see anybody sick because of motion sickness
I've been really starting to love me the
I'm watching Cabin in the Woods. Shit better live up to the hype.
We are choosing another winner.
He does. I wish I could have made it to your place :(
Damn it. Did a really cute waiter from Saint Mark's actually show his interest in me while I am leaving in 2 days?? FUCK MY LIFE.
Great! Thanks for confirming back. I will be sure to bring this to the attn of our engineers! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
i hope you know I'm not jokingg. Hahaha.
yes you were at Bellas sitting by the window
awww thanks! I feel very honored.
I been watching gdla for a while, this is the most embarrassing show this show is horrible, Is Really Murdock? are you watching this
I had only been 1 time before - what a huge park! I think it might be free this time of year, too. We just paid for a canoe permit.
Yeah. Mackenzie's game is at six = I'll be there at six
Of course not. Everything starts in NY. We all know this.
Thanks for the warm welcome. Little known fact: insanity is my home state. We'll get along fine. ;)
just fine mam, thanks :-) and yourself?
The best things to hold on to in life is each other. ~ Audrey Hepburn
Thank you for the RT sir. I really appreciate it.
Thanks ... send me a link to the info!
We've had a great time at Educause this year. We look fwd to implementing the feedback we received about ripple. Big news soon!!!
DM me :p
So it's not actually "scheduled maintenance"?
I have to fake a laugh, I have to fake everything is okay, when its not, I sit and wonder everyday what I did wrong
Y'all here Americans better tune in about #STUPID IN AMERICA.... better wake up people this is so true... :))
Where I'd like to be right now...
Ready to create real success in your business and your life? Find out what everybody else is doing and do the opposite.
THANKS YUP ALL MY FOLLOWERS MAKING #NUELIPHE AS BIG AS IT NEEDS TO BE!
wasn't that awesome? :) TGI...Thursday
I want to take a sexy picture of you... Then meme it.
ok I'm losing count of how many times i've met LOL
Until you've known what I've been through, you have no right to judge me...
“: yea bro it goes hard! Are u in the city? I want the track in hand. Working on this mixtape” I'm on my way to the top
Matt Damon said he would kiss George W Bush (on the mouth 3 seconds, no tongue) for his efforts on AIDS relief. No reaction from GWB...yet
One of and I's favorite things to do is get nachos from Target. Weird huh?
I'm going to assume this is not in reference to my father. Ha was it Mark?
LOL that's us
wat u up too
You know what song doesn't get enough respect? "Don't go breaking my heart," that's what. woo-hooo nobody knows it
Just sent you a party invite via Linkedin...
hey Spike I just wanted to stop by and say thanks for everything this past weekend. It was very much appreciated. God bless
RT : If you think you're too small to have an impact, try going to bed with a mosquito in the room. - Anita Koddick
I know what you mean on school nights I get like 2-3 hours of sleep if that! It sucks:(
The wave of democratic protest in the ME is soon to rock Pakistan and Kashmir: that's when we will see a truly new geography of democracy!
Are you a little blue about your green? The folks can fit fun into your budget! See our newest link www.bayareaonthecheap.com/
Losing sleep because your spouse is #snoring? Call us today - we can help! 412-681-6400
Hey girll (; I wanna play tennis or pickle ball today 🎾
i am too! :) what will you study?
Even though the word "Trill" makes me wana shoot myself in the face, Trilla by Asap is pretty dope 😁
can't wait to hear it Z.
Finalizing revisions to a research paper manuscript. Do no disturb sign is on. Be back in a few hours.
Open please
Perhaps instead of trying rename by way of predicate nominative, "Standardized tests are nonsense," we move to "nonsensical."
speaking abt empathy & great branding of Match Book's work w/ turnaround schools
now also might be a good time to mention that I have a plushie, knit beanie, and a t-shirt for squints.
My internet is up and down... why can't it just be up?
Don't forget that you can also play WPT Texas Hold 'Em on Nintendo DSi! Download it now at the Nintendo DSi shop!!
Physical fitness is not only one of the most important keys to a healthy body, it is the basis of dynamic & creative intellectual...
it's apparent how he died, but the idea of her presence being gone is just heartbreaking
I wonder what he doing lol yea I miss him but I'm not telling him
I've been in such a good mood today. #CouldGetUsedToThis :)
Know what I like lately? Crullers.
when you tryna to do this tomorrow
Although apps may be eventual, a phone conversation prevents "Lost In Translation"
Huge Hudson Valley Lax rivalry. RT Final. Yorktown has the Murphy Cup for another year 14-10 final.
snow...melting...kinda...
World Class goal by Llorente..
Back in Cincinnati until New Year's Eve. Looking forward to another extended weekend. Playing some EQ2 and chillin w/family.
When You Show Love You Get Your Heart Broke...
Hello, sir. My name is Jake. I would like to know who is: Totes?
I am the only LA based Armenian promoter that is doing weekly events. Hard to be Armenian in this business, but I am doing it
you could go around singing "Johnny Verbeck" at them. That might scare them off. and would remind you of sausage making.
DJ Johnny D says "Hello" The Party Zone is on 101.3 KDWB
Nice to meet you yesterday. I imagine I'll be seeing you around and good luck on your application for graduate school!
No, no it is not good. Hopefully can recover the data needed. Game data is safe, but blog data may not be.
Yes to that! Hope we can collaborate on a super event sometime soon.
Shout out to , , , Thanks for for following! :D
There's a difference between being two faced and not liking someone, yet respecting them.
Bottom of the 14th inning here at the McKethan Stadium in #Gainesville. #Gators and #Bulldogs tied at 2 each.
are the going to be sold?
#MagicCity looks awesome.
looking for a Cognos Developer with BI and EP experience
on a scale of 1 to 10 how much do you think you fans support me ... & will u follow me
It's funny when ppl are drunk the truth really does come out.
any thoughts on being built on the zend framework regarding it's unacceptably slow performance?
ahahahaha ur funny . im so gonna kill u in that water balloon fight . u asked for it . never say that again , ewwww !
we will be Grand Prix Body Building, fitness, figure & Bikini Championship Oct 29 @ Douglas High School Contact 918.9
Looking forward to your concert tonight - my last tweet gave credit to an Oregon Symphony. Ops. Play on!
Definitely a foul. Need 1 TA
You know what else is a rad show? The River!
I wasn't talking about regional accents- Nevadans get to choose the correct pronunciation of their state.
Feeling a little jealous of the east coast heat wave. It's a bit chilly in Milwaukee for an outdoor event.
tomorrow is HAFCDEBG fellas
enjoy your run.
ugh my phone is being ghetto and died! i just emailed your UofA account. EMAIL ME BACK! we were mid convo!
TY for following! Hope u enjoy our tweets.
Your site went down right at midnight. 2am EST here.
ugh that sucks
wow,,,,what is the cheesiest pick-up line I've ever heard? Damn...where do I begin...ahh
I'm doing well. How are you, Ben? Anything exciting going on?
Ace ventura > lol this movie is so funny
Wood/Castillo the only two I see. And Chulk for the Brewers
I know right it looks so reall... and sadly I have not this is going to suck :-(
It's a win win for me.
Truer words.
A BIG THANKS to #LPGA Pros , , and for yesterdays great clinic for the First Tee of Portland!
A picture speaks a thousand words. A photoshoped picture speaks a thousand lies.
ok , so u can add me , its ammylove26
Hi, Riptide!!RT : Start your weekend off right by catching the Tides the their homestand finale! First pitch vs.Indy is @ 7:15
miss u come over I gotta go buy shoes!
Thanks so much Eric. Hope you are doing great!
You know I've never actually watched this series. I'll give it a try this season.
The whole foods taco bar is of the chain!
I wonder how RAS practices when no coaches are around. Based on this article, they probably go hard, push each other, and play D.
Happy Friday!
showing you some twitter love, since clearly I fail at texting. found your postcard today, thx again for the thoughtful note
All is absolutely Marvy here. ^_^ How are you doing, Sweetie?
found it! It slipped under my seat. ...
three times today! 10 hour workday + 3.5 hour rehearsal will do that to you. Thanks for the pick me ups!
Good news! Thanks
When you fall for personality, everything about them becomes beautiful too <3
uh-uh. My trap be open. Don't like it, don't listen to it
Getting my day started early today. Excited for a good day after a great morning!
Spotify seems to have a better 'platform' and dev community, but rdio works in a web browser (which has its advantages)
Some very big shows coming up here very soon! Be ready for announcements!!!!!!
Gentlemen ~ & ~ Thank you for your kindness.
so grade 1 is equivalent to our kindergarten?
I freaking love derek ! Oh my god . Sexy <3
I wonder if I could be famous for doing absolutely nothing? Hmm.. I'll try. Wanna help?(; <3
i love logic!
Dark Knight Rises AND The Hobbit trailer in the same week?!? Thanks Santa, I don't need anything else for Christmas this year.
Thanks to all who came to tonight's opening of 's SAD VAMPIRE COMEDY HOUR, you were a great audience!
awesome! Some of my ideas were to get a company to sponsor some type of gifts.for
Tomorrow im going to be studying biology a whole bunch on my free time.!
must go read description :D
Lamar Odom dated a girl with harry nipples. Eww
Don't forget to download the latest copy of the server to go with Remote Conductor 1.1 - the keyboard won't work without it.
no i didn't have to say it....besdies if your followers hated you they wouldn't be following you...and i've been good hbu?
' check out an audio book from the library
it wont lemme follow the person i cnt find the profile
Anything can become an "addiction".
EEk! Don't remind me. I've gotten to run once since I've been here.
Where will YOU be on Saturday 4/21 for ?
Tonight we have open mic from 6-9:30 - we have been seeing some great new talent every week!
#nowplaying Captain Blood - Chunk! No Captain, Chunk!
Speaking engagement tonight...a pocket full of cough drops and I was good to go.
I just think consoles need bigger HDDs before we can take full advantage of it. Then I'd use it a lot more.
Kista Tucker Dance, Inc. is seeking 8 dancers to perform “Snow” Fri 5/4 For info email .
Life is like a box of condoms. no matter which one you pick you're gonna get fucked ;]
where ave u been this series? Did u take a potty break when he scored 20secs on clock? Cuttin the lead to 2?
We love you too! RT : I love you guys! Your bands ROCK! And it's the best on town! Kick ass!
His view of gov't sounds like a market conservative when rhetoric is removed. Extreme left meets the extreme right?
yes!! Sounds like a plan!!
Wealth is the ability to fully experience life. -Henry David Thoreau
Its ok ill keep waitin makes me want more
Things I learned at : the one-on-one conversation is the greatest evangelical tool the church has.
U didnt reply my text ,but i saw u online yesterday ! Hahaha . K fml .
I'm listening to "I'm Yours" by Jason Mraz on #pandora Love this #song one of my favorites.
alrightxD I'll buy you one from the swap meet xD
Don't let him have the satisfaction of Knowing you'll always be there waiting
Back in #Miami-Dade after campaigning across Florida in our 5 Day 5 County Tour: #Leon, #Duval, #Orange, #Osceola and #Manatee Counties.
Im watching the newest Ghost Adv. From friday...crying. RIP Melissa <3PINK<3
My outlook on things are changing, but for the better
11:11 wish every. single. day: I wish will follow♥.
If you're gonna continuously run your mouth about me make sure a.) your facts are correct b.) be prepared for me to have something to say...
If the Texans had Mario Williams and Matt Schaub healthy they'd be Super Bowl favorites...
I'm missing something in my heart!
totally had that convo yesterday at the booth...but I'm too superstitious!!
sounds cool!
W.mwishartpi.com, W.mwishartinvestigations.com is working hard to find the truth for all our clients. Sometimes the truth is hard.
": Met Bill Walton (SD native) at #SCEDC Summit. What an amazing speaker! A Nat'l City native to b precise.
3 am...still not tired with paintball all day tomorrow. Sadly no monster
you're so welcome.
I'm glad he's doing better this morning. <hug> How are you holding up?
Why can't the homeless be more complimentary? If a homeless person held up a sign that said "You're Pretty" I would totally give 5 em bucks.
One of the greatest #TheOffice intros of all-time.
Lit. PhDs wrack up twice as much debt as those in science and engineering, and we don't even need particle accelerators.
RT : I expect other social networks AND aggregators that mine groups of social networks to enter the healthcare fray.
*needs a beer*
“: dew*” actually, we're both wrong. It's hairdo. ;)
If she's bummy tho it's only one reason, I haven't done laundry.
Man, I've been waiting for this. Hagadone is nails. Hope they keep him up.
Just need to start hitting shots. Not even that many RT Sixers play winner of Celtics-ATL. Could see them winning that series
it's like Melrose Place here, except we only interact by blasting music, and there's no pool. So not really like Melrose Place...
I'm loving #Teenwolf just started watching it on
Why is emily stalking my tweets -_-
Sorry to hear you're leaving #MWRC12 - was good to meet you in person. Safe travels!
“: i invented a chicken carbonara canneloni the other day. BS I gave my Italian sausage cannelloni last week!!
"Sometimes you just have to let them win, because losing the argument is better than losing them."
aw! haha glad it was a good dream
Love playing cards with my 4 y/o before bed. War is surprisingly fun.
I know this nigga got my message
have you heard anything on the angel montoya case?
Great looking page tomorrow from thanks to our writers and And Wednesday is looking good too...
(1) I think answering a phone interview question about being familiar with something in Firebug by saying "yes actually I have your site
RT : "Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle." ~Plato
I love you & we need to hang out.
(BTW, passing out in the can, is passing out in the "fecal" position)
On a bus and really starting to appreciate the beauty of all the mad, mad citizens of this city.
Really ?! Cee Lo Green
"WARNING" exposure to the SON will prevent you from burning!
I will not settle for peace based on outward circumstances or a particular arrangement in my life.
If you're better today than you were yesterday, you got a pretty good chance of being good tomorrow!
thanks for the follow ;-)
Welcome, Tim! RT : Follow my homie
Yahhhhhh. Sorry. I feel bad.
i would fangurl it would be even better if a started singing call me maybe asdfghjkl
First pre season thrashers game so can't wait goodnight once again
"are you there, vodka?" is seriously one of my favorite books of all time.
I love MW3..
Oh, I've fallen for that one before! RT: Yeah, but we'll make up for that loss with our extreme handsomeness!
now you sound stupid they are bench players for a reason we could survive w/o rose but no deng
So barbers just paint now?
hey, u remember me? i saw u at the cody simpson thing at orland and at austins meet and greet in chicago! :D
i wish it would stop raining on my breakfast -_-
Hm.... nothing better then... Baked turkey meatballs... with Cheese... On toast! :)
RT : What would it be like to spend the amount of money on your food that an average food stamp recipient gets: $1.86 per meal?
To dare is to lose one's footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself. ~Soren Kierkegaard
Vikings should trade back to 5. Bucs move ahead of Cleveland to get Richardson, and Vikings can still get their guy Claiborne at 5.
Hey! Its KC. You should tweet stuff. You get more followers by hashtaging stuff and sending people messages #twitter like tha
Come on my show Lamar!! NWSportsTonight
#barstar yet again; pace VIP :)
#sfGiants game woohoo! Who's going??
How they managed to film the More Than This video without us knowing, i will never know.
Oh they just grow up so fast!! [As you can see, I am currently obsessed with researching dogs. :-)]
Edits for second novel just submitted.
next Thursday lol
Never hide your talent would you hide a gift from God, let it out and show it to all, for the world to see .
Praying this phone works
2 dunks today in practice and a sprained ankle.
NO IM SO SERIOUS
say Uighars (WEE-gurs) out loud and I think you have your answer.
#bracket busted
Life is really good today. Having faith to get to the Wisdom Course this weekend. Cynthia Harris
@ me so I know it's real .
I bought it yesterday :-p When are we playing?!?!
Home again, Home again, jiggity jig. Thank you! See next Market Day!! (Saturday from 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM) Woo!
Is it me or does PA announcer at the Coliseum sound exactly like Bob Sheppard?
watch it
"People work but layoffs don't"
Chopping mall?
He's hurt in the crash
I laughed & don't act like the prude we all know youre not. Also we did pop our St J cherry last night.
brought me a leftover brownie treat you made,after trying it,my coworker is frustrated you aren't selling them.
Who texts people before 8am on Sunday? Who has two thumbs? This guy.
Had a great lunch with today. Mojito is awesome!
add Ball to the list of fantastic L's
shut ya mouth and enjoy my pizza.
Fuck You allergy season!!!.
Thanks for the Follow.
Going to try and get 1000 followers by the end of may
I'm already knowing but you ain't the only one !
Stay strong brother. Sending positive thoughts your way.
I see 20,000 followers in our future. anyone wanna help us get there :-)
WWE Cookies: Fresh From the Oven!
Ok so ima try to make a fan video .. So send ur pic of you in ur mahomie gear lookin fly to
Your food was redistributed to people hungrier than you.
Amost took out 's trash can with my golfcart!! And to think, only three more years until I can drive legally ;)
no problem
only if it was a really good answer!!
Obama won in 2008 because people thought hope & change meant leadership, reaching across the aisle, post-racial politics, & a moderate Pres.
Bumping Love lost by Ms.Amber Cole <3
We've also started our next #ReynoldsburgOH #EstateSale (on location). It will be held March 30-31. Lots of great furniture, household+
hey now...the guys in be brave are our buddies. They are good guys.
Read the preview - this is such an interesting topic Meghan.Excited to hear experts weigh in.
Big brova just pulled up luv dis nigga man he looks out
Any word on the baseball game yet?
8pm in the main room
Let me know when you have an idea of what time you'd like us to arrive!
#DuringSummerIWill have the best fucking time of my life.. #YOLO (;
Thanks for the RTs, and Much appreciated.
I saw the Hopscotch Boys again and lived! Still scared of Blowdog after all these years. Thankfully the Cops were there
on the 950- Sting was so nice! And Great questions guys. Superstars can be people too. Who Knew?
Hey I don't want to see "another angle" of a player nearly breaking their ankle.
Arts Notes, Walnut Creek Journal and Lamorinda Sun
Life is all about ass, You're either covering it, Laughing it off, Kicking it, Kissing it, Busting it, Or trying to get a piece of it.
C-Lo from is on the air now, 7straight hours of nothing but
soo jealous of anyone that has an iphone :( thats one thing I want so bad
no prob bob! Let me know what you think!
Man..... RT : Joel Anthony out scored wade
because i hate the kings???
Thanks! MT I enjoy the posts on your website - as a member of #sportsbiz industry I think it's very insightful!
wow what an amateur
Shove it where the sun don't shine lmao
Thanks alot! See you soon.
Hulkster,ive been a hulkamaniac from your Hollywood Hogan days, nWo days,Mr. America, ect. WWE will never be same w/out u brother
Wise words ... appreciate that.
Thats right.... WE LOVE HIM !!! ": Cause no one likes you ": No Goodnight messages whatevs""
might want to upgrade that email client ;) & should prolly start including a text version...
cause I've got three little words that I've always been dying to tell you.. ♥
That phone 😄😲😳😁 haha The person im texting 😏😱😝☺haha Deep inside 😷💊 in need of a slushy.
Carinn, you rock my world LOL!! Wanna buy me a present?! LOL!
#Spurs or #Clippers?
I wear weight lifting gloves when I rub my dong.
getting this mohawk hacked
Great for any occasion! Our new #gift #bags make gift giving easier than ever! Over 20 #designs available now
thanks ladies!!!
wait there's more? please be more. we'll give you the $1 for figure twice
lol sure am :)
he should have a puncher's chance in the race. Bejarano is a good fit.
Hope everyone had a great weekend! Off to catch some Z's!
I'm trucking along. Launched a website genrebuds.com still working on it. How have you been? Find a job yet?
Are you available for a long time contract?
sorry I'm not that type of dude
Go to to get some great moccasins & moccasin booties! Wear the booties with shorts, skirt, or dress...So cute :)
Advisory Board meeting today at !
See you next year Lake Powell
I need more followers!
ha I wish!!! I seem to be persona non grata with the male population of the Bus.
What did everyone think of The Oscars last night? Looks like it’s time to watch Hugo and The Artist!
Got in the mail today. Gonna watch it tomorrow but not sure I'll be able to get a review done before TFW.
I think this weekend i will stay in and cuddle <3
you go Glen Coco
Great agency meet & greet today with 90210 Talent. Lovely to meet some of my fellow actors and brainstorm with the team!
Honk if you want to see my finger.
#fridayreads Boy Meets Boy by // beautiful and odd, a treat of a novel as a YA lit class assignment.
Holy sickness. Bleh.
Allergies got me lookin high as a kite
get to Concrete.
Did you meet Kevin Spacey backstage #hhawards ? Ask him to come to the ballroom to meet us little people. ;-)
“Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." Steve Jobs
consider yourself having sex as your daily routine :-)
Guilty as charged with the stories.
Living xl coupon codes
you're jomos girlfriend right?
Its at times like this that really make me miss show choir a whole lot.
Psych is killing me right now
are you a stripper?
Have you hear my music yet...? Check out 5Fold
Do your thing Evan va faire ton workout aux Nets. C'est plus important.
Perfect ending... got in my car at the airport Biggie's "One More Chance" blasting.. Thx u 101.1 for taking me back!
I THINK HE NEEDS TO COME IN MY BED LIKE NOW !
@ jackie cooper nissan
I'm a huge fan! Just wanted to day hi.
#Avis: We Try Harder to make travel even more of a clustercuss for families.
#top100lies me and you its forever
my new background>>>
...uh idk who that is, but i like so thats cool! is that a character from the 2nd book, that i still haven't read?
I had been really been looking forward to your patent editorial and it definitely didn't disappoint. Well done.
I know!! He really is. I want to hug him too! Lol
I would've eaten your steaks Tom and I would bring the beer too. :)
I wish Face Off focused more on working and less on drama
Adam Jones with the game winner. Mammoth win in OT 16-15.
thrashers were incredible but did not win, we need to step up, season starts next week, 3 to 4 uggghh, it was too close
Ohio has gotten rough with Mich before, but I think you'll be okay. After all, you invented the
unfortunately Im no longer doing apartment locating can send referrals know some great agents! :)
No joke, we talk thru fb.
I just watched 'My Date With ' and it was so weird to me, like they are not famous to me, they are friends, ya know? 0_o
Impromptu office yoga to the rescue!
who picked the nasty colors lol hope it wasn't
Trouble is U don't know how a person will play when they reach #Survivior and how producers chose to portray them.
F.I.S.H is the new Y.O.L.O
I am sort of freaking out right now with Top Chef finale - on the edge of my seat. Major major major respect for both competitors.
You're amazing. c:
“: Would you believe that I can't find a Hawaiian shirt horrible enough at Walmart. #fml” if it's the one Tom shops at, I believe it
noo , steph works but I'll probably be down there to tan . !
Hair gurus... what can I use for my hair with a strong hold but with a dry look.
Not hiring Ryno = Chicago Snubs
90 percent of Fortune 500 companies used online video in 2011 (Source: U of Mass/Dartmouth Study)
Haha, I just can't shut up about this anymore. Some of these people just kill me. :)
you should always be dressed for the end of the world!
You done well!
Finally a break;
Last session for the week then Sunday, time to spend with my family. Good end to a good week.
i cried.
Casually sitting here crying watching old videos of Cody.
In the hectic world today, we rarely take time to enjoy real beauty.
to the mall then prolly out to eat
what it is is what it aint?
ok thanks holla at me on Facebook hakim coombs
If only my last tweet was true
Wonder If dos Equis is any good lol
My ex has dated 2 other girls since we broke up. While I'm sitting here, pigging out on chocolate, thinking about him, being heartbroken.</3
Cutting through a titanium ring is just as easy as cutting through any metal ring
Hey I cant complain though!
Who wants to sponsor a boxing match between #ChrisBrown and I? Somebody needs to stand for the honor of women everywhere.
#ShoutOutToo I don't know her but we should change that. She's pretty also :) follow her.
Hoping what I read comes truee (:
- You should probably come and meet me for lunch. I hear the Smoke Shack has KC ribs. :)
well thats too bad about johnny depp and vanessa after fourteen years, you could work through just about anything
Morn'in Motivation: Just know that everything messed up in the world and in your life will pass; Like a meal that didn't agree with you!
#ThingsICantLiveWithout the gym and peanut butter!
Think I'm in love with ; how can I get this in my car?
I'm not trying to defend her but u don't know her or know no1 that does... so u let the media tell u how to make decisions ?
Agreed. Hart should be option #1, get Aoki more time in right. Gotta get the best players on the field.
Cutest super pug I have ever seen!
Trump just wants att.. he is so not happy!!
Good morning or GM. Remember, you are the GM (General Manager) of your own life and destination.
Get well soon!!!!!
Aww, i hope you feel better
do u have a voxer??
Ambition is putting a ladder against the sky.
Great! Hope you like it :)
FOLLOW ME AND I FOLLOW THEE
yeah. Dude even has an ugly wife...
Think it's actually spelled birthday.
Darn you Netflix! I want to watch Mad Men, not Mad ABOUT Men!
you still have to win the whole thing... But you can rub it in a little
. its curious... why you would care who I love/sleep with/have kids with.... it makes me sad to share the same faith.
And right before I turned to leave, she said "You don't know what you mean to me."
Just disappointed the "nerdist" podcast has become the comedian interview show.
GO BABY PENS!!!
why all the fucking SCREAMING at me when i walk into a sushi bar it's NOT like there WON'T be ample opportunity to LAUGH at me soon enough
Nobody wants to help me out with my favor?! ):
I failed a spelling test because they told me to write BITCH but instead i wrote your name (:
I wanna move away.
Male sea horses are the ones that get impregnated rather than the females
Iran Promotes Its Candidate for Next Shiite Leader Ayatollah Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi would extend Iran x2019;s influence over the Iraqi
I know ! I just be kidding
Working in Mount Vernon, today.......Have a Fabulous Fantastic Friday! SPREAD LOVE
My hair is dark blue... I don't kno how I should feel about this.
what is the best, most durable, with many options & user friendly BLENDER for a Fitness Professional?!!
great video!
Thanks for the kind words!
RT : is it coming along well? << it is! been hectic & busy, but i'm on task. are we confirmed for Fri/18?
Ah lol bob ya head ragtop, I want to fing those videos
Just fell back in love with A&W Root Beer Barrels.
Great visit with the -psyched to follow the great work that they have in store for their first class!
#ImThatLittleHiltonWho loves having fun
Hittin up the dirty 6th. If you live in Austin, might as well enjoy it!
Please ask Arianna why W could use a flag-draped coffin from 9/11 in his ads, but POTUS can't mention that he got Bin Laden
dnt beat urself up about it.... :)
Bront Bird has a moped! can you say coolest football player ever?!
Me and the homie got them Drake tickets for May. I finally get to see Waka Flocka Flame perform...my life is complete lol
Want a beta invite to ? Let us know & we'll let you start #Spooning with us Wednesday night!
Thank you for reading and sharing Miguel! Following now!
What come on Mavericks
yes it is!! Good job!! :D
no add me pls?
There's a #BigBlackSquirrel in our neighborHood..... I don't know what he's up to , but I'm sure its no good!
yeah but ur things are more important than ur brother! Haha :P and don't worry about it!! As long as you asked or cared! :)
Nice little celebration at work today to celebrate 25 year anniversary of the company's first employee! Way to go Marcia
hey baby u gone met us at the casino
If you're in Charlestown & don't have a thermometer, remember you can always tell the temperature by the # of teenagers on Main Street.
thanks for stopping by!
Dreamt about not deciding what to wear to the race and and therefore I missed it. Oh boy
tote jeal, get your self a cowboy!
➠➠➠ skipping treatments on the weekends is like skipping your antibiotics on the weekends - not very clever
There are multiple overlapping twitterverses of discourse. That tweet or hash that really got to you? Relax, it was written by a 14yr old.
I guess that Israel will destroy Iranian warships.
Dropping my website late this month and will gain lots if new friends and following
": can i get an interview next week?" Contact GM of
hey(: how old is peyton?(:
I say this every day, but I DO NOT want to get out of bed. :(
30 pages edited today. Brain is mushy
LOL I hope not! Ugh! He's the least entertaining to me!
Happy Birthday!
If you're taking photos, send them to -- we'll display them on the big screen at the afterparty!
I hope that was in ur Brooklyn accent ...
Please don't be stupid and make any personal threats to Steve Blake or his family on Twitter. You're making us Lakers fans look very bad.
Average low in Hong Kong in July = 81F and highly humid
Ready for the #SuperBowl...should be a good one!
I'm at school :/
- Thanks for the many, many laughs you have given us! Pure comic genius! P.S. Love your dog's name!
I know u do JBB :)Whats up with the Bday???? are u doing anything???
do you remember that one night when you ate 5 out 6 koldike bars in 3 hours!
No just finally started using "product". :)
Pair them with some roasted peanuts and a schooner and it's a meal
Sign in South Carolina: "Get your emu oil and magic Jesus water here."
Happy birthday! 🎉🎈
i aint sa bye to nobody... i diddnt wnna leave... i was kinda down dat day
Ok, today's Google doodle is pretty adorable.
The final day of the Walk for Children's Health is about to begin. We will travel 23.5 miles today.
This weather ♥
I gotta take a shower!! once I've been outside I will NOT lay in my bed without a shower an change of clothes
I'm a sucker for light skinned women..and if u got dreads FAGETIT!!! It's a wrap 😍😍
In The Cut Rollin Doobies Up!
happy mothers day mothers!
I just heard we're going to be at STEIM at the same time in the next week!
Sure. I'll go with yes. But don't ask me to explain why, because I'm clueless.
Had to clear up something's between me and #oomf no hard feelings my way hopefully they feel the same way
If you work hard on your job you can make a living. If you work harder on yourself than you do on your job you can make a fortune. J. Rohn
I love pay day! I'm one happy girl :)
Success is always in the person who succeeds.
you get an exemption, skip day, and 100 on a test if you get a green sheet
Yeah, that's true.
My hand hurts. Literally applying everywhere. 😳📝
Get on my GUESTLIST for free entry by sending full names to 202-200-7627
Eat vegan and healthy when you can. Be more than good to yourself. Let the feeling of natural energy be a friend.
May the Good Lord take a liking to ya!
Thought he was supposed to be out a few more weeks?
Im Done Arguing...Shit Pointless
What I suggest depends, always, on the person and their situation. Possibilities=yellow dock/molasses syrup, bivalves
all summer?!
Today is the day: all IU printed matter will be recycled.
Don't know which I like best but those colors will look fine in thread. They will figure cool way to overlap elements too.
i.am.freezing.
He wants to play all the time, especially during quiet time. I thought putting him into a play-based curriculum would help.
Hi Iggy! How are you this Friday?
I think it makes you appear a bit childish. :}
now they are highlighting a Madonna death threat! Click click bang.
any plans for this weekend
no question! Good look my man!
hey #houston friends! make an appointment to get a pair of Guie #fairtrade #handmade #shoes perfect gift for xmas!
Hahahahahaha this is the best EVER
