We were trending on Wednesday, lets see if we can trend again starting tomorrow!
You no tweet no mo?
I'm great thank you for asking!!! So stoked to see y'all again! Hopefully soon!
A same thang when I was working at ups them bitches be vultures lmao
"Real" and "true" not as useful as most think and can be more useful than most know how to make them.
Aw man! Totally forgot to put on running tights as a layer today.
Why is it I feel so alone right now? I shouldn't but I do..... :/
Coming to the Annual Users Conference June 13-15? Follow to get live conference tweets & updates as they happen!
Sincerest condolences to the Garcia family; it's a loss for the whole BC community
I'm a Stoner yeah yeah yeah you get the picture now..
Olive oil has natural antioxidants and its soap makes a creamier lather. That's why The Soap Guy uses olive oil in all of his soaps!
We sure do, thanks! RT : The NW Association of Book Publishers helps independent publishers/authors create & market their books
Dates of Nazareth Dance fest are July 12-21.
Glad your back RT : We are looking forward to it. Hope to see a great turnout again this season.
man my gramma be slick when she tells me what to do.. "baba i think theres dishes in the sink" or "oh only one?"
Need yall to follow back....
Wow, NBC axed the 3 best comedies on network television in one felt swoop.
My favorite approach RT : Stop asking me about the job search. When I have one I'll let you know... Thanks
What dance events are going on this weekend in DC, MD & VA? Reply back using the hashtag
anybody ever think that when an animal runs out into traffic they could be trying to committ suicide??
I'm done with this haha goodnight! :)
#AngieChuang, #AmericanU, at #WFUD12 conference: Journalists just don't talk about or think about "fair use." Definition & scope unclear
In average PPC customers are better than TV generated leads & magazine advertising is very hard to track. But SEO is still the best ROI yet.
Thanks for the RT. Spread the Vegan Word
alright b
heading to the tweetup/social at Passanger and RFD. Photographing drunk libs last night was easy - will need to be stealthy tonight!
I'd like to do a set of pictures where I pose like all the hottest women. What do you think? , are you in?
Guys, time is ticking: If you don't switch teams, your girlfriend WILL force you to see "What To Expect When You're Expecting."
Capezio is the official shoes for Allegro Dance Company! www.capeziodance.com Only the best!
How do think the new #facebook #timeline for business pages layout is going to effect the way you present your business?
You're amazing! :)
When choosing a puppy typically the best puppy chooses you rather than the other way round!
woah i think that's worse then not seeing titanic, like way worse!
: True, who ever plays Whitney in her biopic doesnt have to look like her, but it would help if there's a resemblance. We say Rihanna.
Son if Squindale puts a hat on that platypus and names him Perry.....bruh
Text us your sports questions & comments for our !
Ohh how did i forget that doug has an enormous grapefruit tree in his backyard?? Taking a big bag home with me!! :)
Hi Tatyana - we do them all in-house. We have a talented woman (Kelley Rytlewski) who thinks of them and designs them...
i thougt friends were forever but i guess not . .
Rt follow Need to get this twitter game up!!!
Let's add. Still images too. Connecting visually with excellence. " Using video to reveal your business's "human" side."
I hate wen my computer heat up...
LMAO "It's a tablet that touches you back"
Also, why do clocks even make noise? If I need you, I will LOOK UP AND ADDRESS YOU... I'm going to throw this thing out.
Home sick listening to boagworld
Deadliest Catch tonight!
don't cry for me Mar Vista
TY for the retweet. #SeeSaw definitely does extend the conversation:) cc:
Ima Texts You :)
What about Brooklyn? The Forgotten Waltz? Carry The One?
Mirror on the wall here WE ARE AGAIN
fingers are crossed for an *instant-classic* 5-setter. let's go federer
Gotta earn my respect it's not that easy!
Now that I am traumatized by the upcoming generation who will be one day running the country......time for a bong hit.
wait you made a new twitter?
thanks Chad
DITTO!!! RT : I'm tired of seeing the Christian Lattner shot!
lol it's in June that's when u sang to me psycho! Lmao and u should put it in yours
now which color ?
2000 words exactly.
hates poison ivy...poison oak...or whatever this affliction may be!
that's ok after 5 hour tempo ride at the udder century and my legs fell off after 80. Time trial 28 mph for 30 miles.
tomorrow night
What if one day you randomly wake up as a baby and realize that your whole life was a dream.
Surprise afternoon starbucks!! Thanks to ☕☕!
I like boobs. This isn't a problem its good. Boobs are nice.
Daniel Francis, my love..... This is so you!! Think our Jets vs. Patriots trip to New,York last year, hee, hee!!
What made you laugh, the tweet or the profile statement? :P
Forgot to post yesterday: I knocked out my 15 minute abs routine. Week 2 is now complete. Moving right along to week 3. Let's get it y'all!
Let's see if my voting paid off last night (:
Getting good travel info from and and
Happy Early Birthday Mamacita! Hah Have Fun!
Haha, summer of girls here we come!!
I should've made chocolate chip cookies today! :o
Listening to Alex Wolff play Advocacy Summit. Very talented--and he cares about kids living in poverty!
I feel ya. :/ I had me and Adam's wedding planned...
so dude u get a kick out of stealing the identity of someone. how would u like it if someone did it to you
Who knew?RT : wernt u guys saying the bucks would lose against the knicks and against miami???
What's the fuss...Harry's the true catch! Cute, naughty, doesn't have all the royal duties W has.
Lmfaoo !! #MBLyricsTurnedRatchet should trend ! But I want MB to contribute to this TT , that would be hilarious !!
It's 70 degrees on the first day of spring. A glass of rose or white wine on our patio is calling your name.
Life is uncertain. Eat dessert first.
I spent a couple of hours working last night and I'm glad I did. It's going to make today super easy!
Um Both But We Can Share Vinny
Help there is too much male testosterone in my house!//Run the vacuum cleaner. It's painful to male ears... ;-)
Just finished sub 40 min 5 miler for 2nd day in a row..Time for some beer!
Thank you so much
yaaaasssss...!!!!! What dayton get here
Currently in NM. Won't be able to accommodate private lessons until Sept. 25th. Video drills coming soon! "Play it as it lies."
Kitteh is not happy about takin a car ride today. And quite loud about it.
I watched the alphas pilot last night pretty damn good!
Are you seriously only 22? Le sigh.
LOL. Punks jump up to get beat down.
Sunny Day. Sweeping the clouds away. On my way to where the air is sweet. Getting the Children's Garden ready for Saturday's planting today.
www.pledge4patriots.com is taking a caravan of volunteers from Sedalia, Mo to Joplin. WED, June 01,2011 interested in going join or donate
saving the reference day! (Again)
Good Morning. Next week at this time I will be helping to set up the for it's season opener.
Happy mothers day! :)) <33
do you have any tips for the eyepencil virgin?
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference.
. Hi there! You can follow Donovan House goings-on w/ us now. Rooftop bar opens at 5pm every night for HH. Come enjoy!
swag don't pay bills
Your welcome! Cheers.
Yo Cas holla at me when you have a chance. I need to get at you about a track of your
You are horrible !!! What a loser!!
Can You Wish Me Good Luck?!? I'm Competing Against Alot Of Other Kids In Orange County Tomrrow! Please😊?
Whew! Slept almost 12 hours last night. It's safe to say I needed to catch up on some sleep. Time to "go get 'em", and "seize the day".
That song. oh my. <3
Headed to target practice and to throw tomahawks WITH (not at) my hubby. This should be a memorable experience!
have a trill one bro
awww! you're making me one, how sweet!
The words "You dun goofed" don't even begin to describe the situation.
Sponges are still harvested in Tarpon Springs, but tourism is now the largest industry.
Chicago Bears have agreed to phrases with second-round draft ...
Youngsters make mistakes the mess is cleaned up-change diaper and move on! Adults-embarrassment and fear of making mistakes-no change!
I hate doctors
i requested #STDF on radio disney :) it's an amazing song! love you <3
One time for everybody on they grind.....
Awesome :) I'm going to try to stop in for a brew while out there
pshh u know i cant cook ese! lol its cool pancake cool lol it funny
Hahaha anytime :D
I have a Nook (1st gen). Now I want a tablet. Sigh.
how did I not know you watch revenge?! The plot is getting so thick! Love it!
you have a breathtaking hiney I mean that things good, I wanna be friends with it
My Kelly is sick. :(
hey get at me for true handcrafted scissors by me for real pros peace
A Fantastic Christmas Day Had all my Kids home and the Grand Kids too. Just doesn't get better for me Love them so much I am truly blessed
same, school, homework bored lol
Thanks for the retweet! Take care.
NO I Am not joking I am hacked
nyquil - they advertise it as the nighttime, sleepy, stuffy head cold medicine.
no leo, no leo soy de palo y tengo ojos de chino
This summer I'll be #working making #Vegas beautiful..it's all about the #waxing, #facials & great #skin care! :)
Major shakeup at the Milwaukee Co Sheriffs Dept. Exclusive details at 10pm
11:11 make a wish everyone and wish for the best out of life :)
OMG pearland is so far!!
i need her numver
listening to richard lawson right now on blogtalkradio!
hey girlfriend text me back?=)
Even the stars may burn, sometimes the fall to the earth
it was really good. you should try!
I Love All These Libra Things Yu ReTweet
Happy Star Wars day, everybody. May the fourth be with you!
Protesters again fill street circling Capitol for second Saturday. MPD says crowd could swell for 3 pm rally.
Check out ! we have a #UI #Designer req opening. Our first designer at a Greylock funded startup
And its definitely on cuddle mode.
thanks stud!! **kisses**
The 2012 NCAA Baseball season starts today. Bam. #Springtime. Let's go BC!
Add cabbage to you diet. It is packed with glucosinolates, chemicals that defend your body from cancer-causing free radicals?
That's so great to hear! Hope to see y'all back here soon!
In love
can't wait will be there!!!
it already is rileyfusco capitals dont matter and i dont want it to be my real name cause you can already see that
how was your day Adam? :)
Influenster will be running programs exclusively for moms and greens in August. Don't forget to unlock your badges!
same to you Ross!
Thanks for the #FF You're swell.
“: Honestly the Hawks should have at least made the Finals with that roster. They got talent”
I'll let my mom know, she still doesnt know you're coming. i uh..havent told anyone yet
I need more followers+ a shoutout
Thanks for the follow :)
Thanks Definitely, let's talk. You guys are doing fantastic work!
Thanks to (love your feed) forMT; thanks also to
It would be awesome if there was a website somewhere full of PSD mockups for people to practice cut ups on. And by people I mean me.
get some beats!
THANK YOU for your hard work these last 4 years I have enjoyed watching you grow and improve.... even if you are a viking fan.
Some of the biggest mistakes made were made under the influence.
Quick question: Who is coordinating student volunteer activities for the conference?
WSR never stops.
Stretch killed it with Rhymecal tonight.A beautiful example of hip hop evolution. And what one can do with the power of word And challenges
- Gonna start to bring down my BFI so I won't feel it on the pitch! Nonstop sprints back & forth in games are deadly.
Many real-life warnings are bogus scare tactics to convince us not to use our superpowers. So this is excellent storytelling.
Happy Birthday to all those celebrating a B-day in March!
The good folks at have also been hard at work redesigning much of our interface to make it: faster, easier, clearer.
I MADE THE HIGHSCHOOL CHEER TEAM! CAN I GET A WHAAT WHAT?(:<3
I am leaving. Yes. Goodbye
My big dogs want only puppy chow. My puppy wants only big dog food. I'm changing the names on the bags to confuse them.
The new bar is fresh and shiny and ready to rest your pint! Stop in for one or three tonight!
This is not a pretty basketball game.
is there any way we can schedule a skype call Monday at like 6 PM? I want to figure things out for Friday!
definitely!!! Will have to meet up!!!
lol!! So how's the first day at the new job?
Can expect too much more from a guy who hits a fire extinguisher
6 games and no #Tigers starter has a win
Did that just happen?! Did THAT just happen?! OHplease retweet
Persistence wears down resistance.
Today, choose to release your cares to the Lord. Let Him fill you with His peace and joy. Receive the rest that He promises.
Had a pretty good day....up until about two minutes ago :(
So excited for maple donuts this weekend. We sold out of the raspberry jelly donuts last weekend!
Now raving about James Brown!!! If all you had in your record collection was the music from Bruce's keynote you would be bad ass cool!!!
plz follow me it would mean the world <3 u cuteness
Sounds great, Daniel!
This finish to Chi bs Mia is crazy. Not in a good way either.
Can't stop laughing at this. Honestly? Why.
Listening to that Cd!!! real hip hop!!! hot album please cop that worth the money
One of the first things I tell clients. Good job.
Happy Birthday DC! Keep living out your dream.
That's what the PR blast email says with his upcoming tour dates.
doesn't tweet much, but he's just composed an awesome mini score for the prologue of the Electric Six video.
Miami 2 Bohemia!!! I see you
I guess i should stop screwing around on here and actually get ready. Thanks for all the birthday wishes for She appreciates it :)
Q2 Annual Survey=huh?
good work at The #B1GTourney JJ.
Tow contract at PS&NS. All I can think about is Parking Wars.
Someone stole my pink Post Its. Really?
age of retirement, people are faced with major changes in life-styles. According to Duvall, there are a number of demands ...
Because it's full of random stuff.
It's a matter of preference, but California just isn't a place where I'd go regularly. SoCal is fun, maybe once per year or so.
Tuned in to Jay Leno...I love seeing do an interview lmao
Anyone coming into #cwcon want to recommend/share a shuttle from the airport?
Good win WVU
My boyfriend asking to take me to a Sandals resort in Jamaica >> made my day #sweetheart lucky girl right here 👈😍
just how west coast are we talkin!?... Like Vegas west coast, or PAC NW... west coast!!!??
On this date in 1852 !st Lady Louisa Adams died & Congress took unprecedented action to suspend business on day of her funeral.
Shooting some photos went great yesterday and you can bet we'll be rockin on Sunday!
hey buddy, my friends daughter wanted to know if saga was 18 & up on certain days
You fell for that Twalue thing too?
Please excuse my mistakes. We'll learn more as we go. But I do promise that it you I have running through my mind.
When does the new Yung Bux EP come out I need it
I think working as a SM manager requires finesse and a love for short copy and conversations. It can get exhausting
Snowflakes as big as softballs are falling in #Loudoun. A beautiful winter morning!
Obama: "I like coke". Fox News: "Obama declares war on Pepsi!!!"
Hello, I am interested in the summer intern position and I would like to know more, but I can't DM you. Thanks!
We are trying that with tech...helps a little but not near enough
With trial pair of hearing aids I can actually hear a "tweet" now.
Hey! I watched those too!! Lmao
I just finished a 5.63 mi run
I cried through the whole new your legit the only reason i watch it.
if drizzy say get her ima get her
Curated public websites created jointly by communities across nations- just 1 ex of how museums & digital media can build bridges
: In stillness there is knowing.
more like
How the hell can one call oneself a revolutionary and a #Republicrat? like a black K member or an educated christian... wtf?!?!
r u a WWE fan?
After session love to hear more thoughts on curation; it's a skill to develop, but not just for L&D, IMO.
...for another sham marriage? RT Listening to at a shoot always gets me in the mood!
Thanks Sean for another great event. Gotta love
God! I just love basketball and cheering at the games is fun. Too bad I suck at playing basketball:/
He's quick, especially on a slick track like that. Wish we had more mods around here but I guess that goes for every class.
Any idea where I can hear Uecker's call? Us Minnesotans don't have the pleasure of hearing Bob on a daily basis.
My aid had been canceled for that year and I owed the fees for that semester! A 4500 dollar bill. I had to leave school and dorm...
good for you man, those songs most definitely deserve a physical release
Thanks for the RT!!
A: "take everything back offline: personalization of products"
@ Hard Rock Cafe Downtown Memphis #firstfridaysmemphis (bout to hit the stage, I mean bar)
Oops... Haha... Well this is awkward...
Just talked with I'm so excited for her visit this weekend!
Had some baklava. Dewey is BOMB
Down over 20 lbs since January 1st and it's all thanks to Best $100 I've spent since buying the original Nintendo at age 7.
damn , i ain't been on twitter in a while waddup ?
Headin over to office depot to buy some "Dragon" Software. Anybody use before?
I'm truly blessed love.. thanks for asking! Wyd?
LMAO - thought is was chick from Juno film! RT : I've added a video...Susan Boyle performs Duet with Elaine Paige (
hell, we drove for three hours, giver me a high five line or something
Nice to meet you!Heard from Tamir the other day.Yeah,he's a great teacher-and a great friend,too!Love him and Sherry dearly.
Is anyone teaching APUSH collaboratively with APLANG? I'm trying to get this set up @ my school. Suggestions?
Are you ready to leave one comfort zone to enter into your destiny?
Mr. Hanky rocks!!
Turned off the light and stubbed my toe on the bed...
I hope she cancels that test tomorrow.
I won't be able to breathe by the time the end of #TheVoiceFinale. #holyshit, everyone is soo good. & WHERE IS ?!
Great win boysRT : Refs had isu in bonus 5 mins into half. Mizzou not even in bonus less than minute left in game.
At #ottobar in #baltimore and its lovely. Be here now.
great buddy, u?
F**k Tucker. Tucker sucks.
Thanks to all for the Happy Birthday wishes!
I wil RT and if they email me I can fwd to group as well.
Austin, i love you<3
Get yur PHD- player hater degree
No worries about the Swedes, but actually thinking MOG b/c of higher audio qual.
you REALLY should connect with Just had an amazing conversation with her...you'd LOVE her.
i'm confused but yes i lost my phone again.
RT : Shout out to our new Twitter followers Elie & Tanisha - great film - a story for good!
..you think? You ought to know by now, silly..you can't FORCE a person especially in matters of love..try making over,
Enjoying the Klout love for #pinterest! Thanks &
I'm ready! :) RT How Social is Impacting #Biz w/ & Twitter Marketing w/ - Are you ready?
Missing teen mom cause the dish isnt hooked up :( hopefully will catch it the second time around
u think ur fresh or somethin?
Doesn't everyone? RT : !! Duder, you looked just right Sumpin legit 'bout it. Real, real cool.
Beauty day at J.Nicole's Day Spa and Salon!
Why why why?!
“: your avi is PREEETTTYYY!”thank you.!!!!
wtf no way... Shot someone lmaf ha
Mid-drink, I ask what erica is drinking. She signs to me, "WARTER". I'm so happy.
Follow bakk please
I am on the site now and could easily add you :) Just let me know. What a great day it has been, how about you?
check out to create your Virtual Tours . Fullscreen unlimited photos, statistics,. Syndication to major sites,more
Happy Easter to everyone much love god bless!
Just finished my picture-in-picture video tutorial
happy birthday 23
Every young frenchman would vote for you if you drove around on one of these and your life would be a lot more fun...
eat your nachos on your own time!
Nothing quite equals the freedom of doing that thing which once seemed impossible. Jim Woods
You could run for Congress on that platform. RT : Plastic flowers are never OK..."planting" them outside should earn you damnation.
Lauren Thanks for the follow. -UT Photographers
Love a #lifestyle special vacation $100 per night Caliente Resorts
welcome to twitter.
We want to connect audiences with each other and their powers within
Go see War Horse! OMG, tears and tears and tears.
My ovaries are gonna be gone if you all keep posting insanely attractive pictures of the boys....
I'm liking the view on Fryman today. And I'm not talking about the valley.
Nothing like awkward questions from your cab driver about the Museum of Sex to help prep for a meeting!
Merry christmas !
don't let them cut you off in class either.
Now watching Knowing
RT : "This is time when medicine and healthcare will undergo a transformation"- Dr. Reed
Y do wires get so tangled with other wires? A a pile of shoelaces would not get tangled together, same point with Twizzler Pull n' Peels.
This year help someone make a memory! Carnival Cruise Gift Certificates on sale now-give the gift of fun this season! Call us 800-803-7245
Yup, prayer is extremely powerful! That's why we're building this prayer app: www.birdofprayer.org
good morning world ... lets get it ....... THE DREAM TEAM
Jealousy is indeed a poor medium to secure love, but it is a secure medium to destroy one ~Emma Goldman
Ever had an idea so big and bright and shiny it blocked out the moon for you, left you sleepless, breathless? That's where I am right now.
Just tell me you exceeded him.
Study Grind.
No you don't! You're pulling my leg, right? RIGHT?!
Alex Kronemer is now speaking at the Peacemakers webinar about how UPF created the dialogues project. www.instantpresenter.com/unity2
Yes. This is 2012. People need to be more open-minded about all aspects of life including sex.
He's still Mike Stanton to me!
#BallDay was yesterday for tune into NOW to find out how it went.
I already realized I left out some songs I would have liked to include. Moron.
Of course, this recommendation comes from a guy who's still reading about the history of Canadian communications policy.
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my vagina, so bang me maybe?
Goal setting. We just did it & now we want to know- what's one thing you're doing in 2012?
Ha, yeah, my feelings on this are definitely influenced by being like Hannah in that regard...
Sometimes I wouldn't believe my life if I wasn't living it
RT : take yo azz home and go to bed!!<shut up. I was just with yo lil girl, yo mama, and my kids..and tha dog
Tweet #RevolutionSaturdays and win a FREE BOTTLE!
I loved it. More....
TIBP thanks for proving yummy food for our annual gala on November 3rd in support of arts education!
I'm sorry...did she discuss eating the placenta?! Really!!?
alright dude.
Another job interview.. trying to get
Eating Spanish Food!! WePaAaA
Thanks, man! We'll have to celebrate back in mpls... And thanks to you for helping blaze the trail. Huge part of the spirit.
Me too.
haha you're the one who works there. Thanks for not telling what an idiot I look like.
the conversation with #oomf >>>>>>>>>>>>> and the other convo with my new bestie>>>>>>>>>>
“: hey how do I log out I dno how.” haha!
Thanks Dave! Appreciate it (and the socks love). Let me know if there is anything I can help with...
just trying to make a dollar out of fifteen cents!
i have one follower . does that make me a loser ? </3
n we have practice tomorro :/
Wild at Heart.<3
In shock. RIP Whitney Houston. Public service announcement: the trolls are in full force on youtube.
: into MSP Thurs night, driving to MKE Fri, to ORD sun, back to SEA Mon. Everyone is going home Sun I think.
In school .. so ready to go home ... thinking about leaving early !!!
TODAY: Nameless Sound Creative Kids BAND, Lucas Gorham, Manu Gonzalez, Jason Jackson & David Dove -HAA Stage- Sat. 27th 1pm
In a running mood? Great events coming up this month: sdsportstoday. #sandiego running
Recommended formula: 20% of tweets about your org/other 80% more about other events/resources/links re: your industry.
All checked in, have a coffee, let the wild vacation start!
Ice skating with my lil sister ! ♥
W.O.L.F. GANG BUT WE NOT OF - WE ONLY LIVE FOREVER
where the fuck have you been the last couple days? #IMissYou #WorkOut needs to start!!!
Hi, how r u doing?
Division champs
Tegan and Sarah...doing it
wtf is that noise i keep hearing! lol
yes to both :) look for 500 words soon -
Ok, ok, we love the guess...but the only way to find out is to listen to all week. Heh. ;)
Nike will unveil new NFL jerseys on Tues. I'm expecting bland (nothing different) from the Browns. Just like everything else they do.
Who gives a shit what people are wearing, you pretentious bastards. Get to the awards.
i had no idea you had a thing for Kathleen Hanna..that feeling is mutual
Follow me...like now?!(:
Forget what just happened....I still can't believe his name is "World Peace" -_-
Wow! It's been a crazy couple of days and another crazy day tomorrow. Fingers crossed for me tweetlings!?
you can text first too. :)
Where do you see that?
Remember when sitting boy girl boy girl was a punishment?
I'll vouch for you :-) RT : Brad kesolowski just gained 55k followers 30 mins. Can I get just one? I can drive too!
Yes. Seriously.
I want you to see, how bad you miss me, and how bad it hurts to see the one you love, with someone else..
RT : Lisa and George are in Miami!! First thing dad says after getting off the plane "Put on !"
is that George Clooney's daughter?
That's fancy!
Oh you're drunk? Please come into my room and hit me with a pillow. I wasn't trying to sleep.
I figure life's a gift and don't intend on wasting it
Okay, library world: who is getting excited about ALMA?
A dark world longs for a splash of sunlight
Going to sleep. Night people!
Block party Chicago tonight..
Vince Vitrano..just heard from your sister...she's voting for Mike Gousha....just kidding :)
Happy Easter everyone! :)
Awesome. Being forced to move by the end of the month. Uh...cool.
I don't know what National Cleavage Day is but I like the sound of it #wheresthecelebration?
I wish you this Christmas Eve drunk with happiness!)))
omg you were in the skate girl island episode of zeke and luther. COOL its on right now. :)
Lol!!!": Uhn huh “ Now its bye I was just saying lol ”"
Screw this goodnite, I will try again tomorrow!
No love
LSU introduces ex-Tiger player Jones as new coach
hahaha I'm telling you, I was being serious!
Matchmaker... :D
#GrnBz #IF11 closing session: what if we strove for happiness not money? what would that mean for our communities and children?
face it yo she looks like a lightskinned nigga RT : ChicagoMadeSean he's tripping. that body & face >> unf
I wanted to so bad! But I have so much freaking homework it's insane!
lo o_O did u told her it Was an accident?
Paranormal activity 3 with the sisssy :*
do you think Bruce Lee could take down Crazy Bones? He was the best martial artist ever.
I'm wit that DJ! He's rt up there! Grey hair in all
Nice! Diggin' that big French Clarendon!
It never gets old - "For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son." We can never outgrow this reality.
Very cool. I feel somehow unprepared for this bit of good news.
Church tonight at CGO, going to the Chino concert my God im excited !! God is good!! =D
why you leave ? We went your direction first on the bus
Petition deadline is Feb 15th! for #ward5se candidates. Congrats to John for his early submission.
yes they are! RT “: Hey, Scott, how's it going? Are the products from your store delivered to other countries?”
Im not liking this!
Cyberpolicy & governance are not just about gov’t. Policies and SM architecture impact social movements and freedom of expression
Going to Hop Leaf for the perfect night cap. Much love Chicago. You are amazing!
"most important thing in a relationship is trust..... Well, after sex & hygiene"
naw babe I'm cheering.
pics from your epic bday bash are up.
Lol.. I was there last night. Fun game!
Just as guess but the farthest from the left is you Bill?
That's good! You have a whole year to prepare!
How is UCLA gonna fare with Muhammad?
yanks/ baseball not the same with out him.....sad sad way to go out
Live tweeting the call to action!
#myweakness boys that come up behind you and put there arms around your waist.
I'm not talking to any nigga that still loves they ex SHIT JUST AIN'T POPPIN :)
Maybe you can cut it to, say, 1 billion? Im sure you can still maintain a fabulous lifestyle with just a billion, no?
Yes, that is for sure! Great to connect w/ you, too! RT Great 2 connect with you. Lots of cheerleading going on in San Diego...
Fellas If You Kant Eat Pussy There Is Nothing Wrong Wit Takin Lessons
Covering Super Tuesday elections for
I think I like latin women.lol
I'm not a fool, that's why i'm moving on :)
boo hiss
Okay Pandora, tell me how Adele is like Erykah Badu????
thank you love!
How was your trip to Lake Geneva?
Hyped for Wednesday leading worship in Carrollton, GA!
just stopped at a Target in LA. So much tofu. Almost fainted.
The weather feels good now might go to the lake
Thank-you for following!
I'm afriad Act1v1s1on's decision to make CoD a yearly release will only further the comparison.
No you don't. Have to watch closely, antibiotics, other meds. See my tweet starts w/ ER...
you can never have too many cats!
nice story steve!! fuckin prick.:)
and where is that
+ charades = awesomeness!
you look beautiful baby.
Think you are living the high life? You haven't lived at all until you live for Jesus!
I'd like to congratulate Greg Oden in becoming the ONLY Buckeye I've EVER felt bad for.
I need something to eat
We were attacking dumb parents. If you want to take it personally then obviously you're going to, but it was not a blanket state.
Yes 2days Thursday.. The fashion show is 2day haha & I'm up way too early
If you didnt come to ma planet tonight you were wrong.
R.I.P. MCA. Cool as a cucumber in a bowl of hot sauce.
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people may not regret divorce but they limit frustration and resentment.
Co workers eating "pink slime" for lunch. Ewwww!!
The Social Network is 95% inaccurate - on the movie's resemblance to the true story of #Facebook & Mark Zuckerberg
Glad I got to see you Thursday! Take care of my city for me. I'll be back to check on it soon.
I'm so hungry dude!! :(
thank you for the Whitney memoir, we can't wait.
hey I was thinking we should hang out. Been way to long!
It's a word, but I guarantee you he didn't use it in the right context.
It's almost physically impossible to turn off the radio when a Bob Marley song is on
I Had Fun For Chris Birthday. Although I Wasn't With Him In Person Lol.
I got all 3 internship offers I wanted for this summer! Decisions, decisions....
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
Back to indy
please don't come in today and if you do, keep your germs at your end of the hall.
Join me and the CAM Connect team at Lily's Seafood in Royal Oak, Jan 28 from 5:30-8pm. CAM "celebrity" bartenders on board to serve you.
D3 extends good luck wishes today to: K.K., T.J. & A.C.! Also, a heartfelt congrats to M.H. on a amazing offer. D3 is honored to assist.
Little: Financial impact of credit rating is small. A few days ago, he said there was NO impact
He's so spoiled!
SURF Report: (Pacific Beach) 3-4 ft waist to shoulder high occ. 5 ft. POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
fudge. Lol have fun!
gah save me some!
This episode of Glee was so sad. Crying:(
so what's a "newspaper album"? do y'all think another one is coming soon?
Just arrived at the Penn Museum for the "Love Hurts" lecture and the fire alarm goes off. Ha!
I LOVE it here! I walk to the beach every day and it's still sandal weather =)
WOW! Franklin took it back way behind his head and tomahawked it down! That got Viejas loud!
I had a meeting yesterday and the lead guy says, "Where do u want 2 start? It's a choose ur own adventure!"
your picture is kuhhh yute, i wish i would've been able to come /:
yes xD doing more soon! Lol jealous much?
It was just an observation how you blow things out of proportion..just couldn't imagine how you'd react to that situation.
Just noticed that
Specialized in insuring the Brick and Brownstone homes typical of South Brooklyn.
Fantasia might just be in order! Thanks, Happy Saturday! (:
Breaking News VA TECH Alert possible person with gun seen near dining hall on campus
best birthday present would be Mario Williams being a Bill? I THINK SO
Thanks, I appreciate that.
you just need a little positivity man.
Luke Bryan >>>>
Thanks for gitl Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events and small minds discuss other people
No nail polish always looks better than chipped nails
not a joke.
Q: What do you call a man who lives in an envelope? A: Bill.
what? Tell me more. That's my town outside Cleveland.
Farewell tour in Edgewater before the move: Tonight, burgers and Berghoff Dark at Moodys.
In the event of nuclear fallout, I have cases of canned laughter in my bomb shelter (Sister 2 Sister the complete series on DVD).
This is fucked upRT I wonder if Michael Jackson actually looks like he did in the Thriller video by now...
Why should content NEVER be an afterthought? Don't be a hole-filler. Join 's workshop Content Strategy 101 at
Give me books, French wine, fruit, fine weather and a little music played out of doors by somebody I do not know. John Keats
American Psycho is a good movie
I like your take on boobies, cause
Randomly awake & ready to get some work done. At the least-need to organize these thoughts.
Yikes. RT : Following Virginia Tech situation live Scary and sad...
Less than a week left in our current BUZhunt #SWAG Round! Competition is fierce, but prizes are still up for grabs... http//buzb.uz
Can't sleep but can definitely still cough!
Me: "So you're saying is that I just pick six things and you figure out the rest." Saleslady: "You're the first one to understand our sale."
I love him soo much yo :)
To day was such an awesome day for my new business!! New location tons of storage for boats, great show area NW boat sports rules!!!
woo just signed up for my first credit card!
I've lost two followers today. What the actual fuck?
Post Depression
that's disgusting...
RT : Sign up for our free #prostate #cancer seminar featuring NFL star Mike Haynes and Dr. Christopher J. Kane 9/13...
I GET MY BRACES OFF TOMOORW. fuck. i dont want to.
I love the way you try to include us loyal followers in your life by asking our opinions. Thanks, dude!
THANK U
yea man, day off today..i feel real creative today
done! Thanks, coach!!
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
oh! why do i love yogurt so much?
Or anywhere actually
"Call Me Maybe" in the morning? Uh YEAH :)
Happy valentines day!
heard from a little birdy might be a remix of "chasing the reds"! And maybe "LoveS" b cool.don't confirm our ears will wait!
#AWESOME:)i''l wait fr tht day to cme:)
yea thats the way to be! I'm a sponsor for D.A.R.E. lol
Thanks for the follow. Just so you know, I think you are really amazing. :-) Have a great weekend!
Melt bar & grilled. One of my favorite Cleveland traditions.
I love Twitter because it reminds me that celebrities are just as boring as I am.
#FF Thanks for your RTs + have a terrific wknd!
Thing I hate about "Pinterest"? Now have every female friend posting shit like "cute kitchen" to "dream house". That kitchen cost $400,000!
Game, set, and match. #Gators take rubber match 2-1, win series over
Ok time for some #wheyprotein then cardio
my friend suffers from RA and has become a bit of an advocate. She may have some thoughts.
OK. I'll send you an email in my "Maureen as professor" headset :)
You are my favorite tweeter. Keep it real Snape.
Hey , I'm gonna be in Morgantown today. We should totally hang out and not include because she sucks
4-2 now. Todays picks Baltimore over Houston 24-10 and the upset the GMen over the Packers 35-30. What do you think?
SO COOL, was out getting a #DD and caught the end of your show! And YOU, by the way, ARE THE BEST!! :))
thank u lol
I don't really think there's anybody as bomb as me!
A nap sounds glorious...
BUZZ, the story of a boy & an old beekeeper ... and a sexy Latina ... and some bullies ... and the rugged mesquite brush country of S Texas
Monday Mantra: "Dreams are necessary to life." ~ Anais Nin
Decided that twitter is as much a mirror as a looking glass. Either that or all 1600 of you suck today.
Tyler Blackburn sings?! Lol I never knew that.
Do you carry George Schneider's Wiesen Edel-Weisse?
get to the NEW EVENTS CALENDAR THE LIVE CALLS ARE VERY HOT
"RT : Be the type of person you want to meet"
thanks for shouting me out
I didnt realize it was such a drain. And for only 15 min! It couldn't have been just that.
I usually just get yoga books/DVDs from the library or through Netflix. And I'm still searching for the right library. You?
My big brother = My hero ♥
Was at Brewski's handing our free gear last night
Aawww... don't let the little girl get into trouble! I'd rather go back to the hair perv or the lady w/ the scissors.
We sometimes confuse what is hard with what is valuable.
Thanks to everyone who came out to last night for the SBB Holiday Bash and App Preview! We had a great time.
Met w/City's Community Relations Committee representative last week. Stay tuned...
I like to watch Avatar The Last Airbender on netflix :3
Finally my weekend! Commercial audition, Krav Maga and two flag football games this afternoon! Going home to get some sleep before it all!
So... I drew Josh Hamilton. I'm all proud of it and everything... then I realize I left the bat out. *facepalm* Fixed it and will rescan.
What. The. F Watching T.O on Dr. Phil. Do any of these women actually care if T.O. sees their kid? Doubt it. They want the money.
My fave quote from that article? "We need to be careful, because students don’t want us creeping on them"
DVR is filled : Dont Be Tardy For the Wedding , Mary Mary , Punkd and Pauly D
We are now accepting hotel reservations nine months in advance in response to guest requests. Thank you for your interest and loyalty!
RIP Lord Petrus...
Hey Kay! Did you leave M&M? Congrats in your new ventures!
Ahh my prom's today!!
A cool breeze swept through my apartment as Hope Sandoval's voice began streaming from my speakers.
.!!_++ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
RT I will say of the Lord, He is my Refuge and my Fortress, my God; on Him I lean and rely, and in Him I trust...
Awesome. See you both there.
ATTENTION: (4) more Likes NEEDED! Management told us we needed 200 fans before we could giveaway our first...
First candidate up - Bailey - takes a stab at the incumbent, saying nothing's changed in her 49 yrs here in the district
Well! That sounds like it's worth sacrificing some sleep then. I'm sure there's plenty of Red Bull on set.
o thats cute :)
Hey now, Sophia Coppola's death scene is a classic.
There is enough scientific brilliance and intellectual capital in the non NASA world to get humans to Mars
Girls don't ever tell your female friends you and yo man sexual business, even your best friend, bitches are sneaky
I'm done eating and I am playing 2 k11
wild guess
My good-impressed can be bought with a package of bacon hidden inside your portfolio.
Dear Honda Civic owners, installing a loud fkn muffler to your vehicle just makes the car more obnoxious & ugly, please remove them.
I never cheated I keep it 100 wid yu even if it pissed u off n do anything I can for yu! ! #DatsLove l love her but damn do she irk me doe
i'll admit to liking em..obviously
"It Needs To Get Higher & Higher.!
If u need any artwork or photography done get at me.. package deals on design and print also.
“Emancipate yourselves from mental slavery, none but ourselves can free our minds!” - Bob Marley
Am I the only one who texts in the shower?
gayest show of the season...funniest as shit though
thanks for following! I hope I say something interesting now! Lol
hell yeah. I've got 70. hope that's enough
Night is the home of inspiration
Can I please just write a million cheesy tweets about how cute you are..
Today in 1999, Bob Wills and His Texas Playboys are inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame at the fourteenth annual induction dinner.
Happy mothers day, putting up with my Shit for 17 years had to be rough. Jk I'm am an angel
"What wine would you recommend to go with Beef Wellington?"
I see the human centipede 2
And don't miss the Feb 28 release of Imaginaries by Quetzal, part of the / Tradiciones/Traditions series partnership!
Oh. That rain. Farmers in the rain. Like nature intended. Happening now.
Is what your doing now exactly what you want to be doing? If not, what are you doing to change it?
and Rosie to be on this week! LOVE those lil' divas!
Whoa! This is all sex. I think #Growth is porn.
having to buy a train ticket nd only having a 20 dollar bill might be the worst thing ever
now, I don't care if I meet the Boyz or not. as long as I know they're happy and as long as they have videos, I'm good ^.^
Don't forget tonight I'll be Heatin up Macs come and finish off spring break the right way!!!
Very welcome, Jess. Cheers!
Excited for another big night at Studio Paris with
Much Respect to TNG Films and Deus Beni Productions. I Gotta shout out my Director Terence Gordon.
OH: Maybe the governor will show up. With his brown bag...
RT : RT:There is no room for jealousy.Go to God and ask Him to remove it.
Get your quitters warmed up.
Why be fake? Being real takes less effort.
Happy 1st Day Of Spring JABBERS!
BOTH. RT am I a dork or gullible >.<
I mentally speak with but I don't think I'm crazy
old stuff for now and covers but new single dropping this month. Go to "ladybballsparks" on YouTube
Why is the alphabet in that order? Is it because of that song?
Happy birthday Adele ^.^
"Popgun" Pete Maravich
Midnight, going to bed 💤 night twitter ✌(:
Just because you can google something doesn't make you an expert on anything.
I know. Note that none of the big players (Google, Facebook, Twitter) do. Meaning "Aardvark" > "Aardvark this"
Yay im happy again cause my bf back and he came and seen me im soo happy #Eppppp just want to jump on him and scream ^_^
READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL!!!!
so whatever
Just got a free drink at #starbucks because I was smiling. There must be a lot of downers out tonight. Good karma is on my side tonight!
gosh naaaa no one ever gets on anymore!
I suspect that until ESEA is renewed, we're not going to get much traction with opt-out for feds. States' hands tied.
you're quoting the Dead?!? Mashup?
Please stop raining!!!!
will u please gve meh a shout out? <3
Making myself wait 2 days until I can start the 2nd #HungerGames book. I don't want the series to end!
i have no idea, hahaha
Cool enough town to do it in. My brother lives down there. Hoping Suter to Detroit works out for the #Wings. Would love it!
My dad saw my reefer bracelet.
The awkward silence while waiting in a classroom full of people that you don't know
Justin is Our Angel <3 So cute!!!
yea were juSt discussing all hall 😒
Or after u cut ur hand & start wandering thru tha ghetto. RT : Everything is funnier when ur with your bestfriend.
I feel like im never bored when im in aurora
Its so much better when we're together.. We'll look at them stars and were together :)
Not knowing whether to be happy for them or cry a lil'.
good to be here!
That's one. KB24 for MVP!
me: "you know he got cut by the mavericks?" my roommate (): "yeah, yeah, but it's NOT the kardashians' fault."
-Hey Did U Do The Video?
;) that's right!
NIKKI, YOU'RE ALIVE!!! Hi :)
Tomorrow is gameday!
America's got talent! (:
<<<this guy. RT : Who is planning on drinking plenty of Christmas spirit tonight?
Me either!!! Is anyone else going to come this time like or ?
I never trained to be a belter....there are other ways to hold one's pants up!
Happy Birthday 
Oh lord, drivers ed breaks
my pleasure!
Scala Eveningwear Highlights Celebrity Inspired Prom Dresses
I'm reading When She Woke by Hillary Jordan. Four chapters in and I am committed. It's all Atwood and dystopian as promised.
I'm at the MIA airport & the fire alarm keeps going off. Is it wrong that my first though is, "Wow, that's distracting."
RIP William. I love you and will never forget you.
I've been sat in bed for an hour and a half listening to music with wet hair and no make up, think I should get a move on..
I know next to nothing about hockey, so I shouldn't criticize. But this is the internet, so I'm required to state an opinion loudly.
absolutely. Ready to go back to APUSH?
Just had a guy buy me a shot in a State College bar because I was wearing a Fabricio Oberto #Spurs jersey.
more walking than I wanted to but legs tired. I just finished a 3.31 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
uh oh you be careful..
when will it snow? D:
So she wanna move. Smfh
I saw you sitting up straight while keeping the abs tense at work today.Good job burning those extra calories and working on posture!
Jeez... i played truth or dare on twitter one time. :o
David, we saw your post about your visit a few weeks ago and reached out to try to make it right. We're very sorry about your
that part was so funny. That dude was the biggest creep lmao
We had a HUGE argument last week. Then I get a text saying 'hey'. smh
U sound like a proud parent lol RT : OKC has grew so much.
Sausage w peppers and onions with a glass of red and family time watching beauty & the beast- perfect night
Nashville, a band from Philly, by the name of , just kicked your ass tonight
lol this is true
Cool! RT : Space Shuttle #Discovery flew past NIB Headquarters! an amazing day to be so close to history!
going with the girls tonight!
If the #Orioles Hammel can actually pitch a no-hitter ESPN might have to mention our game.
Attention! There will be an interruption in your bad attitude, weak chin and pointy shoes at 14th St
What has been your favorite halloween costume?
I'm outside Boehner's office during the debt talks and the police are trying to kick the media out because it's a "fire hazard"
Vinyl sheet flooring is severely under-appreciated.
not feeling too good right now...ugh I don't want to get sick right before 3 days of non stop work :(
thanks best fran
Today's going to be a boring day without my :( I love you baby.<3
LOVE the new avi. Your one sexy female!
Love you more! no problem <3
damn another 1
He wrote mot of those policies
Miss you, too! Love to all.
I have a handlebar mustache and will never look back. Thanks for the tender simpathy! Rock and Roll Baby!!
Pumped for this movie & to see the hot pink wig I sport on camera! #Astrogirl RT : TOMORROW!
So now my office is in the spare room away from the maws of the dogs and husbands gaming. Don't know why I didn't do this sooner.
Social networks are overrated! People put their whole life story out here.
You work for TNA why the hell are you publicly mentioning or even give ratings to the rival? Do your damn job and focus.
Follow my other page, it's hilarious I promise you'll laugh!
YAY!!! #willdo #soexcitedd let me know YOUR summer dates!
can't wait!!
oh no! Well don't feel too bad. No one likes packing! ;-) let me know if you need anything.
haha TAKE A LOOK :)
Drop us an email and we will try to help navigate the administrative waters further? We are here to help!
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value. —- Albert Einstein
The eyes're just a product of a "My Little Pony Filter" I insist on being used on all my photos. AND you made me cry, Hill.
Smoked Garlic Sausage today! Of course Triple Chocolate Brownies
Just saw some old stelena stills.That didn't help the state I'm in.
When people say "I'm a force to be reckoned with" what they're really saying is "I'm a pain in the ass."
Gorgeous weather today - sunny, yet cool. Whew. That humidity was really starting to wreck me...
Remember once a cheater always a cheater.
I get wrapped up in any trial I watch, want to jump in like it's a relay race when I think I'd do it differently.
DO IT!!! Always bet on Black!!!!
I miss those times.
THE SUNS OUT! THE SUNS OUT! THE SUNS OUT!
It was just good quality Heinz ketchup.
Doing it wrong
well I can close my eyes but then everyone looks good in the dark. ;)
not feeling these trending topics today
lol pull what out?
Yes, hard work pays off...
Where are you at in Chicago tomorrow? Can't wait!!
Fuck it den.!!!
I hate homework and make up work but I only have three weeks of school left.i should probably be playing the final countdown right now.
i HATE being up this early
I Fukkz Wit u Bra
Tattoo - don't like it.
Thank John for a lovely weekend.
You can get used to the tart unsweetness of 100% CBJ, but you may just opt to plug your nose and shoot it down fast.
Easy. Calvin Johnson. Review that Clemson game tape from his Freshman year (2004). UNBELIEVABLE!
On 3rd plane of the day. Coffee and nook in hand.
Summer set show tonight! Come on out to the loft for a great show wit us, them, and many other great bands
Why was my auto correct for yay gay?
Today Im going to a 3 hour yoga workshop -so I can eat birthday cake from Chef Flemmings later. *<:)
Love is real only when a person can sacrifice himself for another
Held the NO's to 100 points but godda score to win - good game - we'll be [throw] back
Who's heard of or tried a 4 day oxygen cleanse?
You can't Hustle a Hustler!!!
thanks for the feedback and download. It's not really shift toward the guitar as much as it is return to it. I come from a jazz...
this is the first time I've seen reroute.it and I love the shit out of it already
ur so funny
That could work. But ironically Twitter is a great place to start. Or the Minecraft Forums.
Well thank God the world didn't blow up.
: Storify is very intuitive, easy to use to create story from twitter stream.
Don Draper's suit is incredible #MadMen #60's
#productivitytip have you uploaded all your #LinkedIn contacts to #evernote ? Great backup, and handson functionality for your iPad.
After that movie all I want to do is go to the zoo now!
90% of jobs are created after a company goes public but right now it is too hard & takes too much money to do so.
hope you had a great time today:)
It's uploading. I'm not too familiar with twitvid though.
Liquidated the sympathy card company. Glad the whole sorry business is over to be honest.
text me back :(
Still shocked over zeets start yesterday - I hope he keeps it up!!!
I'm looking at the stuff from the F8 keynote and thinking "Pretty, but too much change at once and is going to drive users away"
"aaaww gross why are all these moms having threesomes with their daughters"- the gullible porn watching guy
Streak is only available at Dell.de and Media Markt for now, but we're working with other partners to offer it in more places.
MERRY CHRISTMAS <3
Are u on jail for friending too many people?
Ford Modeling agency has NOTHING on our lobby when it's time to interview PR reps. BAM!
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':24
Tweet #teamcarl between 8am-8pm to help raise money for ALS! All the votes count :)
agreed and therein lies a problem; platform won't solve that.
Brought my mom an edible arrangement for her birthday :)
Sheetal! Loved your presentation on Managing from the Middle! Thanks!
please don't share things like that. We did steal Charles Woodson and Trey Burke though, so it goes both ways
lol hell yeah batroom mirrors are always a trip while tripping!! #trippymane i love how blunt smoke look 2!!
“: WORLD PREMIERE: About to play this new B.O.B Ft. Taylor Swift "Both of Us" at 9p. Its got a nice lil DubStep ” HIT
Making us think , animals did all our work , were suppose to have an evil step mother , and there's a price in love with us .
beatboxers make sound and imitates instruments with their mouths..nice to meet you too lol
Glad to do it. Nice picture, by the way...sultry vixen.
my whole family is starting sentences with: "hey aubrey, when you work at the buckle..."
arkansas was fun but COLD!! We got back about 10. Be sure and like/share the pic/link on my fb. Thx!
Sometimes the dancers are more famous than the stars
Your never a nobody to me!<3
We will be today at Washington, DC Convention Center! Come visit us in Hall B, booth 1532.
Hi Seattle, it's good to be back… Please excuse the long underwear, I was in Nome earlier.
I'm in my zone, damn near got my eyes closed
I'm at work so I'll watch it tomorrow. I DRV'd that shit!
"The Waltons are now collectively worth about $93 billion" / *DAMN* what does one say...that they're overtaxed..what??
there's def also more to say re: why is this re-aura-fication happening via black "bodies"? (cont...)
I have had a slow start to my Saturday. No calls from work, No texts from work, just a quiet Saturday morning. Love it! :)
Guess What !
He7:16 ...has become a priest, not on the basis of a legal requirement concerning bodily descent, but by the power of an indestructible life
One step closer! :D Excited about the possibilities ahead!
I'm at the marlins game so I can't watch but I'd watch his call a chess match if it was possible.
Dear body, how is it you are having bad reaction to tahini but not to hummous or halva?
No need to curse bro ill just leave. Hijo de tu madre tonto come mier-@
Brown-Forman's 3Q earnings fell 5.4% as sales growth slowed more than expected though sales were on par with the overall industry's rate.
I wanna get weird tonight. Movie for me please....
Are you still going to advocate for #recovery & awareness of #addicted young people??? You have the power to help the movement...
Come on Reds!!! You're better then this! :/
Anxiously waiting for to release more VIP tickets for the Star of Texas Bowl! woo hoo!!!
Did they shoot "Avatass" too, while they had blue makeup on?
Legitimate question RT " Sometimes I wonder if Roenicke knows that the game ends when the home team takes the lead in extra innings"
Just ate Jesus
Actually, I don't have an FB anymore so I rely on your twitter feeds!
So THAT'S what a hashtag does. Huh. #hashtagsonfacebook?
Will You ever come to san diego california #AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You..........[=
no no you don't understand this lady tells me this everyday lmfao never gets old.
you love niall more and she thinks she does. Either way you and megan are ganna believe what you want. Lmfao
Somehow, I can't get that #HermanCainism out of my head: #twirlingaroundinmyhead, #GETOUTNOW!
not really tho cuz it makes me sad :(
Did you get your spider roll today?
i like boobs.. they dont talk or shit.
All this while disassembling and repairing my furnace.
#MariaMenounos and #DerekHough were HOT, HOT, HOT in their rumba on #DWTS. Whew! Nice job by #JackWagner too,.
These creepy guys at grad, tryna holla at us. Smh
"Break the Cage of the Digital Age."
The iphone 5 looks gorgeous!
you watching the super bowl tonight? If you do have fun :))
I'm not mad at the systm. I think it has to do with behavior, mentality and like you said lack of mentorship in general.
I just made up
I love but #whatsyournude?
Always wondered that RT To all my non-Hispanic friends.. A Lobo is a wolf
Well, then! RT Romney does have a good record of putting women in high positions at both Bain and as Massachusetts Governor
The more independent artists that can make a career, the more diverse the music scene.
Sounds like a good combination to make things happen. :)
I want to see Mayweather fight Pacquiao in the middle of the cell block as the other inmates cheer in the background. That would be sick!
Thank you sir!
coding web pages is awesome. #me + #you { margin:0; }
Congrats, Grace!
has anyone ever called the GW "Washington Bridge"? ever?
true that rev and hank, easy 4 u all to say, but when u unemployed 2 yrs n struggle,it easy to lose faith and bcome a hater
While we're in the nightshade family, what's your favorite dish using the cousin of the tomato - the tomatillo?
It wouldn't be April in NE Ohio without a little snow, right? Come warm up in the brewpub!
let me help you with that
Someone just got offended when Jewel came on my shuffle
Where do you listen to the Voice of Diabetes with ANASTASIA? The radio, on our website, or iTunes?
Microcastle!?! I don't think it's beige. I really like it. It's a grower, I think. I saw them at the Grog and they were fun.
OH.MY.GOSH. ......what just happened?
Said when I get paid, my checks be looking like phone numberss
Thanks, Ben!
everyone if u have something that makes u crazy share it on
The difference between your success or failure on a particular goal typically is set at the moment you decide to quit or to persevere.
When i first take a picture , its the prettiest in the world at first ... but after seeing it for awhile it gets ugly
I was dexter and true blood to cross paths!!!!!!
So dumb. All of you.
Yes, it's so awful. Do police really believe that such tactics will actually work?
Success is bounding out of bed because there's something you love to do, that you believe in, that you can hardly wait to get at again.
Want reporters to engage community more? Make 'em jealous. i.e. "Your coworker did a stellar job on that project." -
So bored at work...
Gonna send Chloe a Hamlet essay, just need to type it up
Beautiful as always. Thank you Antonio!! Happy THanksgiving to you as well! <3
Transformer is amazing. I'd start there.
i know same here :((
RT : This return meal I'm having at after a year of absence is exactly as emotional as the movie An Affair to Remember
I can't help but LOL at the first role you played in your 2nd Grade Musical
Nice! What are you pointing to in the photo?
Am I really watching Pokemon with my brothers. Oh throwbacks.
That's enough
Killer Total Body Transformation workout this morning. Tough but TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!
hmm, do you use the words he coined, or give them nouns + gerund and adverb suffixes? Let them coin their own?
let us know We can set up venues and transportation for you. We have access to most might clubs in Cleveland
congrats man
good!!😊😊😊 and yes I can't believe it's on right now lol
without having an awesome irish long islander in my film, how do i get good post people to work for only cheeseburgers?
last friday my boss told me that after that busy week i earned xtra vodka over the wknd. feel like this week is no different.
*looks down at my typo. Frowns but becomes too lazy to go back and correct it*
It's spelled Center not Centre.
Congrats to Alan Kook! Winner of our Super Bowl Contest & a $100 Eat Out In gift certificate. Thanks to all who entered!
Last correction of u 4 2day, there is lifetime medical for players GOING FORWARD if they choose to stay in the ins plan.
My boss tells me this all the time in our setting. It's so refreshing.
thank you. It will be engaged at 6pm CT
One problem off of my shoulders. *sigh of relief*
I have the best sis in the world! She unpacked my suitcases and organized my entire room! Huge weight off my shoulders..
The avengers!
awesome! I'll be there :)
Another track murdered. BCE GOT THE GAME BODY BAGGED
I've only been away from this code for 2 days, but already I can't remember what the heck I was doing.
I highly recommend watching "The Greenest Building" on PBS. I'm watching it right now on WHUT.
I think it's cute.
I hate how Laiylah looks at her photo album everyday & asks for her "DaDa".... 😔
"He that would be a leader must also be a bridge." (Welsh proverb) #LHXXX Rock on, Dirty Thirtiers!!
But I can hardly think of a more boring way to get a point across.
RT : you should be bloging this- lol I need some1 to start my page for me......
Just went on the biking expedition of my life.
#BrandCOS RT : the front range view.
Shit. I still have to write note-cards for my presentation tomorrow, but my NyQuil is already kicking it.
The #knicks have a 20 point lead and only has 1 point.
That is true about music, but shit music like yours won't even be played on radio in 5 years, hip hop has no longevity.
I was expecting this! When are you returning?
Timeless Tidings of Love
Maybe as opposed to academic references?
Um, I'm a girl. But that's okay! You noticed I'm lovely. :o)
how's your road trip?
will be there giving a demonstration of #helixedu. Should be an exciting one to check out.
Thanks for the follow, Taziki's menu looks awesome!
well aren't you a breath of fresh air, from all these superficial gold diggin bitches in here ?
they'll be handing out t shirts to the first 500 registered at the door
Our website comments are now powered by Be sure to leave our short story authors some good feedback!
Wale "Rack City" HARD!
Playing with Mickey Avalon and Andre Legacy this Friday at Trees in Dallas, have a few tix left. Inbox me.
okay, about what?
New events at Larrys Villa Strip Club coming soon Host/DJ Cash Clown is setting Vegas on Fire
Unbelievable episode.
Day 100 - no cigarettes and no liquor!!
your twitter username should be NICOARANDAISDRY
“: Hey, remember that time you touched my slider? Yeah, me either... #oops #pitcher_swag” I could say this
Oh shiza well it didn't tell me i had a text
HAHA! Can't wait!
RIP RT : Goodnight, Maurice Sendak, who made bedtime magic time.
ePlus Technology Renews Cisco Video Surveillance Authorized Technology Provider Status in the United States
LOL complete asses! thanks! (:
I work.. i have a job.. lol
Apparently, being a "woo girl" is a requirement for
Wake N Bake
Next year we got this!
why not tweet it. Lol and yess I would do that randomly. Ahaa
I really DO need to move down south (my mom is in N Carolina - I don't think that's south enough!)
Is it 4 yet?
I do actually lol, and I mean it too.
Ready for the high school soccer season. #PleaseNoInjuries!!!
Never be afraid to try, remember... Amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic. ~Author Unknown
byes:P
Literally just crossed the street alongside Gym Class Heroes...
Need to pass this Spanish test today
Yep RT : Sometimes I think I'd like to be good at pottery but then I remember the movie "Ghost," and I'm like, "Forget it."
Maybe I can work this summer as Dolly Levi.
RT : “: The man who wins, is the man who thinks he can. -Vince Lombardi”
Sounds like a worthy topic for today
Bobby Brown can say he wasn't Whitney's downfall, but it sure seems like he was the one who contributed heavily to it.
[DC] TONIGHT Celebrate with D. Floyd Birthday & Summer Breeze Concert Series Part 2 at Takoma Station
Pretty much drunk anything is a bad idea. #justsayin RT : Drunk texting people you shouldn't <<
Sometimes the silent treatment is just the break a man needs ^ME
Good luck today ! Please support an incredible cause
Yes it I tht is so big
Listening to The Ranger$
If I can get through this week, I can do anything.
Dang girl! You are getting old! You get your denture fitting done yet? ^_~
YUM!! RT : Get a free cupcake this Friday all day at all Georgetown Cupcake locations! via Cupcakes Take The ......
I am not afraid.
This from a guy who makes a living by writing "theme action BOO! thoughtfulness BOO! love BOO! BOO! theme end."
Lol! How is Mexico?
The minute you stop making mistakes, the minute you stop learning.
She does look cute, but not as cute as ya'll! Keep us in mind for recognition, award or just some fun keepsake bottles.
Barry will probably support - crooks tend to stick together.
pea size hail in Georgetown
I have a stalker!
The Jake and Kyle Show will talk #NFL, #NBA, #MLB, #UNR. listen to it on www.wolfpackradio.org
Great seminar... Hope I'm one of the 6!!!
I'm so sorry to hear about your hamster:(
I would cry and/or puke so I'm out! cc
Who can send me a Pinterest invite?
Me too. Our digital librarian is creating an online database for our oral history collection--to be up & running by July!
that too! ;D its also 's birthday (:
2012 Grammy Nomination: Vocal Jazz - Roseanna Vitro - The Music of Randy Newman !!!!!
I miss you both!!! Good Morning
dang that was so rude of her..
Best Movie of 2011- "The Rise of the Planet of the Apes" !!!!
About to try and do this exam so fast.
More Civil Wars, less T-Swizzle.
FAPFAP. HOT AND BOTHERED(;(;(;
Like my facebook status' earlier? I gotchu
my neighbor is their senior HR manager :)
Bourbon St will be crazy tonight! I remember 2003, I ran into @ CatsMeow karaoke & he loved my version of Bust A Move.
Yes. They should have to wait a year to make it fair.
I HAVE MY DEBIT CARD READY!!!!!
whats the point of dreams scientist still havent figured out the meaning of them
And this is why I hate society.
Why L.A.? Why does rain equate to sluggish traffic and idiotic driving decisions?
On the road to the game. If u want to go I got a ticket just show up call me I'll meet ya outside. 281 701 1343
Been in the studio for the longest time. new music. new website. new merch. new videos. new contests(: #JonPLEASE I'll convince him (:
I just wanna say happy mothers day to all the mothers. And kids you all do somethin special for them.
Ok ok I do have a big crush on
thanks. Yeah, I figured it out. Eventually. Haha
I didn't know that superstars sit out at the end of games... Blake Griffin is a scrub. All he can do is dunk (and flop).
I just saw a beautiful, fully restored mid-century modern home in Fresno. With multiple offers already in, a "bidding war" is sure to begin.
The Ghost Inside's new record is so insanely good. Feels like a record for those who've spent a decade in pits & still won't quit.
At carabas with
moving to semi-public here, haha: "Tebowdlerized"; "The Second Bumbling"; "Gospel of Tim"; "Te-bown in the U.S.A."; prob. yrs
possibly. Eric chase is the new pd... He'll be in the building on 1/24.
Thanks for the shout out!
Memphis headlines...shot, shot, stabbed,kidnapping,jury,jury,Janis Fullilove,money,Delta Air,layoffs,Steve Cohen,Zimmerman,Racism,bankrupt.
How Skip Bayless and Stephen A Smith find the energy to yell at each other for hours each day is astounding
Schweinsteiger for the WIN!!!! Dude is Germany. Nice win Bayern!
Hoping that gets his life back on track so we can see him running the hardwood again soon, maybe even in a #bulls uni
1.does he get special attention in school? Or 2. If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?! #askmikey!
throws the best halloween parties because he provides the costume.
Is a lesbian gypsy
Ever notice that all the instruments searching for intelligent life are pointed away from earth?
Watchin while bumpin The Window some more
MethLab auditions begin tomorow? You interested? Contact Matt McIver
good luck
On Feb. 14th Marrakesh Express (A Cosby, Stills, Nash, & Young Experience) have a show at the Calumet Theatre in Calumet Michigan.
DiabloPC is about to get into the Industry at 100%. Once we go, we don't stop!
OMG! Just had a warm chocolate chip cookie at Jacques Torres' chocolate shop in DUMBO (NYC). HUGE slabs of oozing dark chocolate! M!
yea that's what I thought Only 3 pairs were sold of Taxi Lebrons
Damn, that 'Never let me down' joint by n Jay makes a jewish brotha wanna go to church
#YouCuteAndAllBut your friend is beautiful (;
I just texted u with the same phone I'm using to tell u I expect a linkedin "inmail" & tumblr reblog
knows what I mean lol
lol my favs on #BGC8 ; Gia - Amy - & some parts of Camilla . The rest of them qet on my nerves
stay up everything comes to an end.
oh, it is love. <3
Oh gosh, you're making me blush
Yeah buddy. Rollin' like a big shot. Chevy tuned up like a Nascar pit stop.
Hang in there! Hope it doesn't go too late. In a weird way, I miss it a little bit.
WOW BEEN IN LUVV WIT HER SINCE 09 ITZ 2012 LIKE 4 YREARZ DOE...SHE KNO I STILL CARE...I WONDER DO SHE THINK ABOUT ME #REAL SHIDD
What do ya'll do to work out in heat? Embrace it or duck away to an AC'd gym!?
if gets another tattoo, his entire body will be a single unified tattoo, thereby negating the purpose of the tattoo.
dam I want that shit!
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 56F OVERCAST
Crazy I am there now. #greatminds « Can't believe im dating this but I miss running the UCLA Stadium stairs with »
