Must be teaching a new cook here at IHOP. The kitchen is a very "vocal" environment.
fleetwood Mac top ten band of all time! The drums on that song: EPIC
Wasn't me.
the fact that I'm probably not gonna see my boyfriend all weekend.
Jesus take the wheel
LMAO. I'll be sure to keep that in mind when writing your character
I suppose ;-)
I agree with you! Many people are very rude.
Waited around for someone after work only to find out he'd ditched me. Ok then, time to go for a drink. Anybody up for it?
Working on Spring Showcase info, Summer Schedule, KDA Company Auditions, Master Teachers, Intensives and Camps... More info SOON!!
It is the way we roll.RT : RT if you drive with the windows down when it hits 60 degrees!
Teachers loved giving Jar Jar tests b/c he would finally shut-up.
I can't trust these hoe niggas, i can't trust these hoes either.
How can you NOT eat the entire footlong? Especially with the veggie version.
I hate this so much lol
excuse me...I might drink a little bit more than I should - Tonight!
I saw a very ethnic Lady today and I thought of you
Change of plans! I'll be home in 4 days, not 3.
It should! These cords are satin ;)
a little furry friend? :-)
RT - HP Spinning off PSG is like the New England Patriots spinning off their Tom Brady division...TIMN so right
Aha:b
Got in the bathtub and decided to start reading the new LBJ biography. I can already tell I'm getting no work done this weekend
Now I can just relax
me 2!!!!! Need some good seats to get on the big screens!!!! And my magic finger!!!!
Tweeting you how much I love you. But that usually takes up most of my night. <3 :)
I didn't. Resisting the urge to do so now. I need my blood pressure.
I'm sunburned. What a joy...
Wow that's awesome man.If you lived here I'd collaborate w/ you; I work in a Juvee. U got perfect day/night jobs, good man.
#np truth of a liar by august burns red<3
in cab on my way there now. See you shortly.
Irving tax office -quite possibly the worst customer Serv. ever- 8 ppl working- they have 1 of those ppl working the 60 person line I'm in.
Been a while since I'd heard the phrase "drop trou." Thanks, new office neighbors, for snapping the streak!
Assoc of Science Museum Directors breakfast is underway! Colleague connections.
Today's earthquake in Los Angeles has a 5% chance of being the foreshock to a bigger earthquake. Good preparedness reminder everyone!
6-11 last 2 seasons in conference play? Top 3 class every year yet no top 25. OVER-RATED
still cant get love sick out of my head , i love yous please follow meh <3 8
Anyone that would like an advance copy of the the new Ragtime Ralph release, "The Fahey Project" for review, please contact me.
Ive been witing to many qitty posts on facebook . . . .thats my twitter material !
RT : What a weekend
I hate my gym teacher -.-
I get paid to go out
thanks! I've never experienced anything like that in my life!
I'm back in the studio
Today is the fakest holiday ever, fuck it and fuck all of those fake lovers out there who take it as a special day,
In the type of girl that'll sit and watch sports center w/ you all day.
Recording podcast on wed! And preparing to shoot a script in Feb.
totally not serious, hahaha. i wanted to try to say what maybe 90% of philly fans are now thinking.
hope u like it!!
if it wasn't my work laptop....it would have been thrown.....idiotic. We need a point
Thanks for the Follow ! Following Back!
. unplanned stop in phx for potential engine issues= ok. 2.5hrs circling phx to burn off fuel before landing= monumentally stupid
Rick Ankiel's throw to the plate in #Nats game makes #MLB highlight video. That was a strike!
New to Facebook? Download 's new eBook, "How to Use Facebook
Have a student totally loving the Brio! With Dana Sheridan designed head first thing this morning!
When u play Philadelphia
Just finished listening to 's Really Big Shoe with guest
I agree as well Idris Elba gets the sexy vote in Can Black Men be Sexy YES his point is well taken.
Byron, you told her bout my IQ test scores?? For real, that's how you feelin'!! LMAO!! She a fool with it!!
What are your plans for Friday night? has something pretty big planned with – stay tuned to find out more!
LUX SUNDAYS IS GONNA BE ON FIRE Starting Sunday April 1st Be There!!
and on that note ill be getting one today lol
My friends French & Vanessa Stewart are "Putting On The Hits" tonight at Hollywood Studio Bar & Grille. Can't wait!! 7pm
RT : VH1 Soul is playing all of Whitney Houston's videos now.”
Hello Johnny: I am a big fan of the band Skid Row and I like your new material. Thanks.
Thank you! I will.
Enjoying #Brooklyn in #BedStuy #ILoveNY and teacher freedom!!
At ihop with my mom
OUR MISERY IS DUE TO THE REPUBLICAN ECONOMY OBAMA IS FIXING the Buck stops with GOP Congress who own the purse
RT Hello Michelle! So glad I found u on the Alchemy Conf. page! Can't wait 2 meet you & talk to you about my show :) Love, :D
Edit tonight Post punk, rock, indie! 10pm tonight Lezzzz go!!
Oh hey guys! Want to do me a favor? Can you go follow if you're a Directioner? Please & thank you :)
Nuns on Ice is happening tonight! Are you going?
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different!
Thank you! It sucks! "Bonus": I have wonderful friends/loved ones, but can't very well invite them to hang out today.
Foot is asleep omg
Don't be a hater, show the love for my #selenators !
I was at MGM with the family. It was so cold and so crowded we went back to the hotel early. That cold snap killed all the plants
so did you get a date from pat ???
How to deal with rejection? Don't let it paralyze you. Not personal. You can't sell everyone. Analyze failures and learn from them!
Getting ready to depart the Newsplex for new adventures in Hawaii. Hope you'll still follow me on twitter. I will miss you Virginia!
Dali's illustrations for Lautreamont's LES CHANTS DE MALDOROR (Albert Skira, 1934) in special exhibitions wing today.
video games and Internet have changed the face of childhood games :(
WHAT. WHAT. WHAT. CIN SINGLE?! WHAT?!
Your wish is my command! I'll let you know when I get that post up. You're the best! :)
Guys #jalli is so real. I'm gonna be tweeting from some more xo.
it's a hoot! Lots of fun.
Making music with Shannon.
Is it one of those "so miserable you forgot how it is to feel normal" type situations?
lol weren't we supposed to quit?
Throwing a tantrum because cliffhanger.
June 15th is the big day! Hope you guys are excited for our summer issue!
Cant hang anymore
Safe travels to Ambs heading home for thxgiving! Have a great break everyone and remember to check our blog: auambassadors.wordpress.com !
I hate to be the bearer of bad news but it's actually Thursday today...
For 4 yrs I've believed "Big-Mouth Biden" to be stump-dumb, but "Prez Romney"? Maybe he's brighter than I thought. ;-)
In need of an edge up! Mini fro type shit goin on.
Love a #nude special getaway 2 nights $200 Caliente Resorts
See. You bad-talking my boo. Adam Sandler is awesome with a side of awesome sauce. S'wrong witchu? lol
so hungry for tocilog
Good Luck Today. Lucky your not home it would be a rain out
No rush but thanks for looking
wanna see something really cool? "RGBify" the tweeting colors feed.
I wish I can hibernate
My last tweet was jus a thght wen i seen him on tv...lol
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Np:Justin Bieber BOYFRIEND:)
Hey how u been?
RT : I'm thinking another photo contest is in order soon...;) you heard it here first twitter friends!
#ThingsThatICantStand People being late for meetings
Last Thing: I have lived in AZ, IL, and MN, and right now, never been prouder to be A fan for my whole life.
At the Manhattan Beach Pier. Come down and get an ice cold sample!!
joshua woke me up this morning and, to be honest, it felt like old times
I wish when I went running it was with Forrest Gump through the cross country scenes in the movie. Instead its by myself on a treadmill lol
First day of track was pretty good !
It might not be my Friday, but I'm going to pretend like it is! TGIF. #Cheers!
The real juice!
I just found out it has the most caffeine
Shady Lady Saloon right on 14th and R is a good bet for a small group. Great ambiance, food and drinks.
Caleb really loves you, this is Caleb's best friend here, but forreal he's a keeper
bummer, well played game. Defense looked good, esp that last minute of 2nd half. Thought they were going to get one.
She Michael Jackson bad
Wishing a Happy Easter to all!
In the mood for a good holiday flick. What's your favorite holiday movie?
Delaware takes a 1-0 lead!! #17 Michael Piet with the games first goal!
behind the scenes video for comin' soon. Will be droppin' TODAY!!!
...break ur arm, and throw u to the floor" haha! Lmao!!
me and my bro so focus right now! be on the look out for new music, & new music videos!
thanks for the comment...please follow us
ye we on it
Hiya Kim!
Met with yesterday. Left feeling very optimistic and confident about life after graduation! THANK YOU!!!
Carters home run came off Ron Davis of the Yankees
so bored
yes! I think it's awesome as part of a healthy diet and lifestyle.
cruise? okay, when?
negativity. let's see how this goes. swimmingly, i'm sure :) (see? working already)
you look like one of those green pigs from that angry birds game.
No power?
Haha, oh ya. Im good, u?
Follow ME!
Yeah I'm blowing you up Jed, it's what people without the means to buy 4 tickets but enough means to afford technology do!
How long are you in town for?
Thinking about stepping back into the ring one more round!
#Spurs ain't Memphis...no comeback for you!
Very excited that Alex Oriakhi is coming to #Mizzou. is owning this story. Must follow for MU fans.
Lmao rachael is hilarious.
thanks britt, <3 has Sarah said anything to you ?
What are you doing tonight? RT : afterparty at tonite 10pm-3am. Ask for at the door.
Well, depends which P&P we're talking about! :)
i've tried all the other ways :C NO
very cool. An congrats to
Happy Birthday Panic! At The Disco's Brendon Urie!!!! May your day be the best of them all :)
Aw...that's just because you inspire me more than others that I find even more opinions to express to you :-)
Those really long car rides with your family and you just blast your iPod, look out the window, and block out the world
damn!!!! that nigga got sleeped!! im surprised he was up talking!! lolz
There is a cave that used to belong to a shaman...and in a few minutes, I'm going to hike to it :-)
Omg you know like 2 songs by them, just quit now
we all have to downsize in this economy
I'm like dude we doin better than yall right now
Music update: I am still filled with hatred for MTV programmers.
Congrats! Glad you're making the most if it...
Iron Chef Will!
what the fuck does that mean?
trying to upload jewelry photos to my facebook page.
Papp running through our many accomplishments...including our increaseed grad rates
i wonder if greyson see's us right now talking about him right now.....:D
No, he doesn't "Tweet-Face" (as he calls it).
I still can't believe it. So sad right now. R.I.P.
I was ogling the hell out of Racheal Perry until balke Shelton and his creepy-intesne rape glare showed up. Boner whiplash achieved.
nah im good i have little coversaions with kristen:) but dont leave me loner any more! Ok im sorry dont kill me :0
have a good day at work love!!! LOVE YOU
sometimes i wanna smack the shit outta my bf.
re: revel in the fact that Jesus has . . . love, mercy and grace for us! I revel in the fact that you've got the courage to post it
Dude I just wanna get home and sleep , I havent been home since yesterday and I havent sleept -.-
MT : My big question...who are the best political bloggers in #SanDiego? // Twitter, what do you say?
Great job genius!
Aahahah lmao can't stop laughing! Good movie. :-)
No problem. Nice to meet you!
Staples / nokia center is madness with march! Gotta love college ball and oh, cheerleaders!
“ Wine improves with age. The older I get, the better I like it.”
Yo This stupid phone don't let me change my picture on here! I've had that shit for 2 year almost now! Need to change it ASAP.
Keep It Elegant:-)
Excited for tonight's #Portland opening of #CirqueDuSoleil's "Ovo." I've been looking forward to it since I first heard about it in 2009.
Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a tear.
There is no doubt that the JONAS BROTHERS WILL ROCK THIS YEAR!!!!!!!!
Check out GWHT member winery, : 2010 White bottling photos from last weekend
oh man I want some twitpic action. I assume furniture is worth it? Does it get good wifi?
Adam has that"why me" look on his face!
Eat chocolate that looks like a salad? RT : trying to gain weight while trying to eat the right way .... How?!
Everybody ready to tackle Washington St on Sunday at the #SDHalfMarathon?! We'll be waiting at the finish line with your recovery shake!
Thought picked my challenge :/ he didn't <\3
Someone smells all Beltaine-y.
Off to school !!! Enjoy your day everyone !! :)
looking forward to seeing you tonight! Cheers
All tht spam in my DMs makes no sense ya need to stop randomly browsin thts how ya get viruses & ya pages hacked !!
Went coon hunting with Elijah.. what an experience hahaha
Cuz here and now! I promise 2 love faithfully!..I sing
Everyone went to bed early =(
Those in Washington who haven’t met ‘Abdu’l-Bahá yet get a chance to do so this morning.
Tijuan shut up thats why u gotta stand on a stool to kiss a girl lol
red7. Freddie's brothers bar. Punk and lone star.
hahaa examples hm well just stuff i say?? lol =p
wouldn't miss it!
Pft, fish aren't really animals. But we have a great produce department, too!
eh thats like a mild form, the other u cant get rid of :)
its all in that book and the pearltrees thing is literally what we have sketched out!
Trials only reveal the faith that's already there.
good luck
“: She will, she will, she will.” lucky u
Dang, I need to go to Walmart but I'm already dressed.
you got an extra scantron?
We seriously have school tomorrow?
If it weren't for our illusions we'd be free from deceptions, and life free from any interests.
Yall ain't gone never land then as soon as yall pull up yall boarding another flight
#Aquarius MB guy of the day: Princeton
GO is a 2-man Austin outfit that got their big break a couple years back at Austin City Limits. Now they're a staple at all the big fests.
I swear this time I mean it .. 😔
I think it's a sad shame that Casey Anthony don't want to show her face out in public much,Because I would like to see her in cuffs again!!!
Yuni Betencourt leading off?? Brewers have seen moves like this before.
when I get home
RT : Every day this week I will unsubscribe to at least one email that I get and don't read. Simplify! "You go!"
Prudes are the biggest whores of them all.
ask 'em if they want any ! We'll travel!
I should have known!
'fraid not. Just part of my new policy to at least notify folk what I've been writing about. Thanks for wanting to know...
You know what really helps in a traffic jam? Honking your horn.
AVID= Advancement via Individual Determination. Its a program that supports low-income students on their journey to college. <3
lol it's still nice
I don't know. But it isn't right.
The waters are calm...
Im sorry taysha )'d
Shut Up! You don't NOTHING... About ANYTHING
Seeking out an Avaya Voice Analyst for a 6 month contract in Lauderdale with VOIP, PBX, IR Software and VRU.
I Bottle Pop
I HUSTLE HUSTLE HARD!
Checking in at the Taxonomy Bootcamp in DC
I know there's a zombie bar.
Is it weird that that I can write and read spanish like english but I can barely speak a word of it?
I am going to Germany this summer
RT : #TRUTH You can always find someone new the question is can u find someone thats right? <-I believe you can
it's goanna be awsome though /:
I know! I think we are on the same page :)
I seriously can't be creating more value with my hands, 100% losses with big pairs played perfectly live at the palomar
Woa its creepy how u just crossed my mind. Lol how has ur music been going ME TO LOL
Having such a hard time getting into mirror traffic. It keeps reminding me I'm turning 37. Thanks malkmus. Here's another go.
Apologize 4 pic issues. Fortunately not only person having issues. Go to #ESPN today @ 12pm(EST) for #NASCAR pre-race, hopefully no rain!!
yeah really cool Kris... really cool.
You guys don't want to give up on Flacco-Reed.In Balt it's a non-issue. I would text you but want u to know I care
Dancing with the feet is one thing, but dancing with the heart is another. ♥
Dobson's on OpenTable: www.opentable.com/Dobsons-bar-and-restaurant Make a reservation for lunch or dinner, or come for a drink at the bar
Watching the Sharks highlights from last night never gets old
Writing the part of my critique of George Kennan on the subject of the supposed policy "factor" -- the Polish-Russian War of 1920.
Is jerry stackhouse actually on the hawks or is this just another tyronne lue situation
Low-income homes lose on average more energy than others RT : Yes. Pres: "Easiest way to save money is to waste less energy"
Beware of criminals posing as music marketers on-line.
#NowPlaying Pretty Lights – Pretty Lights vs Radiohead vs Nirvana vs NIN on
Just a little over a month before I move to Florida.
Selling 2 tickets to Wiz tonight... $120 for the pair
49% of sports event attendees used social media to discuss their experience and post videos and photos (Ticketmaster study)
Killer dolls won at the softball game today GO MY TEAM 8-7
People keep offering to buy our bikes. No, they are not for sale. Or...maybe they are?
2,000 fans! What a great Mother's Day Gift!!
Can you send this to all of our kids? Lol. We want to be spoiled with great food!
Great flick. Never gets old.
Watching the game doe~ (:
.........Do I need to get your address and phone number?
I have the whole movie theatre to myself for Hunger Games. I feel like the King of the mall.
Ray Lewis studied Level 1 cervial neck fragmentation at The U, Peyton might want to check his transcripts to see how he did.
Yeah…. At what point did George Takei become the gay asian version of Ebaum's world?
hippies are cool :)
": Respect is earned, honesty is appreciated, trust is gained, and loyalty is returned!"
Great talk and Q&A on "capital failure" by chief Rob Rosenbaum
#NACA2012 is the bomb!
Getting new and used spare parts for more build-ups..the start up phase..phew. Gotta stay hungry..and foolish.
Show was ahhmazing! Can't wait to visit the city that really has my heart tomorrow :-) Houston.
Couldn't ask for a better person than to spend my weekend with :)
Stay near the tree so that the fruits may fall on you...Swahili Proverb
you coming out to broadway bar tonight for Girls Gone Wild?
So sad for the Bulls 😢
I do
If PV is screaming at a ref, it's okay to show him. If he's just sitting there chewing gum, please SHOW THE FUCKING GAME.
NW: Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban for 
ELIMINATE YOUR GROCERY BILL, www.gasandfoodvideo.com then enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I supply 125 leads a week
Your Barnes & Noble contact would be Claudia Romanini,
nickbreezygotbacckk ∞ um... Mistletoe.. yeah OR The Only Exception IB- Mikey 
that counts for football too but most gator fans don't believe it
these days seem long..
Nonono. I draw those on my feet. I'm not stupid.
That's the spirit!
lol you tell me
happy mothers day to you!!
I set more store by a good regimen that maintains my humors in balance and procures me a sound sleep. Drink hot when it freezes...
he is SO cute! And I like his profile pic :)
“: Opening for November 8th at 20th Century Theater” also with !
Thanks fruits and veggies for keeping me healthy. And thanks for also keeping me hungry 24/7. Filling up on Crystal Light.
Wedding invitations arrived today from ! Boss had to pick them up & texted me, "they're gorgeous!" Can't wait to see them!!
Terrific that Google's sponsoring free airport wifi during the holidays, but "SEATAC-FREE-WiFi" as AP name has unfortunate whiff of scam.
Good luck to our 279 members of Team Northside participating in Sunday's Rock 'n' Roll Marathon. We are "rockin'" together! Go team!
PRANK THE PRANKSTER
NICHOLAS MEGALIS THURSDAY AUGUST 27TH AT THE CAMBRIDGE ROOM HOUSE OF BLUES CLEVELAND ONLY $5 9PM
What has everyone's favorite movie screening of the year been? Or favorite movie ever?!
To all those who say Harry & Louis are dating, shutup!! Harry has a girlfriend!! Louis & Harry are not dating!!! Thanks!! :)
Thanks for being our 100th follower!
AH SO EXCITED!!
4 pm sounds great. feel free to call me or shoot me a number to reach you with. Thanks!
Headed to 24 hour fitness now...
that tips well
Ha! Boy, do they ever :-) "That's a nice mobile business ya got. It'd be a shame..."
we are royalty over dominion/ of the inhibited self
I've taken some really smelly cabs in my lifetime, but this one REALLY takes the cake.
Yes, I have the sense of humor of a 7th grade boy.
they look pooped out!
Don't miss today's Chicken Pot Pie AND Curried Cauliflower with Pannier Cheese. (V) Both are awesome..have one for lunch and take one home!
is he big enough at 185lbs?
RT : Holland might not have a pretty face but on a 55'' LED screen he's got the BEST looking butt
Mfs really up at lawrence park doinq that hide n seek shit.! Dumbasses dont be cryinq if you have two do some you dont like
Join us May 12 and 13 to celebrate mothers day at the Market Square. We will perform live from 6:30pm to 8:00pm
Do you think Real Madrid will win the Champions League?
May your walls know joy; may every room hold laughter and every window open to great possibility~ Maryanne Radmacher- Hershey
Hey there! Twiike's no longer connected. I need to change the verbiage on my background image too. Lollygagging, I guess!
Woke up thought it was Monday. Thank God it's Tuesday. :)
#NF my tattooist the best tattoo artist n Milwaukee!!
I guess it depends on your outlook after all :)
Today we experienced an earthquake starting to remind me of the movie 2012 a little smh follow me and I will def follow u rite back
I'm so tired that I dont think I'll even be able to stand at soccer.
- im like always tired.
hit my phone
Heading to the #GMCC ribbon cutting at #Madison s new Heid Music...come hear and play the fun! Tree lane near Mineral Point.
Hillel's Israel Coalition discussion about working with Jewish Heart for Africa on SFSU campus - great potential.
If you want to win a pair of Real Estate Tickets at The Neptune on Friday, retweet and you will be entered in tomorrows drawing.
Thanks LN! Scavenger hunts was something i've been toying with but I'm worried about logistics.
Just bought a baby christmas tree for me and s apartment!!!
Thanks for listening :-)
Lucky!!! I had a spanish final today /:
I am now
“: What would you use in place of a potato? Chefs? #80Plates” parsnips!!!
Game time! GO BULLS!!!!
I'm so pissed I want to spit! Finally watching Life Aquatic.
this new twitter blows. And not in the good way. Time to go back to
some dudes in cortland r clowns. learn how to drink
no idea how I'd make a book glow in the dark @
How much better would THE HANGOVER movies be with Bradley Whitford, Richard Jenkins and Clark Gregg? You know those dudes don't fuck around
Day 2 of the video shoot for my bros upcoming mix tape !!!!
Shocked and horrified by the #troydavis news...
See how our goodwill trip to Guatemala is going!
haha , so check this out i leave for ATl FEB16TH / so im tryna come to charlotte . so we can hangout for the whole day .
Does Ray Lewis deserve the fine for the hit on Ocho Cinco last weekend?
When u dance up to the girl and u get rejected, dance back with confidence
Mitt Romney Must Be Bold to Beat Barack Obama Once the waters are muddied, what will be left of Romney's message?
Welcome home , we all see the potential
RT - If the Jacksonville Jaguars are known as the "Jags" & Tampa Bay Buccaneers are known as the "Bucs" what does th...
I know right! she was always saying aww im your friend and then doing shady stuff. Yes no more Dair, Team "CHAIR" <3
really?! I like both! For some reason I just get major butterflies when guys call me babe, whether I like them or not.
Amazing how anger from an estranged wife is transferred to innocent kids in a divorce. We teach our kids how to love in such damaging ways.
yes please!
lol it posts from fb too ol
You kinda annoy me more than you should.
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never.
Tending to the vegetable garden.
Our web server has been down for 11 hours...
I just seen the ugliest prom pic lol.. This girl looked like a straight up man
I never thought we'd get that many followers in that short period of time.#NEVERSAYNEVER follow us?(:
So I really want the someday purfume by
sadly they only had ham in the caf this morning :-(
People are already blowing up my phone. My pissy mood is beginning. You've been warned.
Hugging him 💔 this can't be life
Keeping rock alive!
RT : Thanks we have raised almost $1,000 for CPE through your site. Happy shopping for a great cause!...
I finally am a little tan doe
I lost my best friend yesterday 7/26/10 Warlock king of cats. He gave years of happiness and love and I will miss him but never forget him.
Retweets make me feel so important.
Dr. Benjamin: "It's hard to get people excited by prevention, because when it works, nothing bad happens. Let's put a face on it."
Been hearing people talk about Broadcastr. So I recorded a couple excerpts tonight of Depth of Focus and Siblings & Other Torture Devices.
Time to start this weekend b !
Sittin on my lazy ass jus lookin at my stars in my room.
Favorite foodie spot:
Answer to U.S. District Court Complaint
ur the best
Yay for getting out of class early 👍
insane lawsuit. If someone thinks Shape-Ups will help you lose weight need to take responsibility for their purchase.
I forgot what I was going to tweet. See, this is why I need a phone!
Is playing music for money inherently a compromise? How do you successfully build a career and still maintain your artistic integrity?
thanks man! and yep, this one is 30.
Did you say contract year? Does miracles RT : Swisher's body language right now is great at the plate.
secret underground ufo bases; remote viewing; psychometry; synchronicity; syesthesia; psychic communications with animals, plants, & insects
its all good tho.. #giants spanked em right kwik
finally scheduled our open house --- August 18th from 5-7pm, everyone welcome to stop by!
We'll negotiate ;)
Just watched Hugo. What sweet film.
Wen we leaving? 😉
Also, there are only 2 more weeks, so as many plugs as possible would be appreciated. :)
Another exciting day in radio. I helped Wim Wenders find the hot water for his tea.
LOL That is funny.
The only thing missing from the real housewives: bigger earrings
One of my favorite songs...lol :-)
Couldn't agree more! RT PSA: Green #beer is for amateurs. Drink real beer.
1D is the reason I keep believing. The reason I wake up in the morning. The reason I put x's at the end of my tweets.& the reason I smile (:
hey tyler wanna ichat!?
holy crap liam <3
Oh really? (: Which part?
Remember people use your words and your hashtags! They are powerful!
4 out of maybe 150 bookings we've had were through Sonicbids.
If it was actually privatizing, the prices would be falling, not rising. These are half-measures. They solve nothing.
Thanks Good luck in Chi-Town!
Tony Stewart gets a drive in Hamilton's McLaren F1 car, Lewis Hamilton gets to drive a rental car
yaayyyy!!! we knew it ! congrats my love Lol :P iloveyou♥♥ !! can youplzz follow me ? :/
Don't you just hate the auto corrects on ipods/iphones etc? Then theres loads of photos about it using dirty words caused by it
Out drinking, just heard the official anthem of Auburn Athletics, know what I'm talking about.
tuesday at 530! Looking forward to a coronita rita!
nigga not everybody got empty houses like you, lol, u ain't trying do nun
Me and the fam went out to eat at fridays
Building an All Start ChaCha Guide team! Want to join and make money? Message me! Only serious people wanted!
Thank you Kelly! Nice to be in touch with you!
Coming into this week, Big Ten teams were just 5-10 in the OSC while Atlantic 10 teams were 2-4. Minnesota and Dayton are helping that...
General Hospital is on. Time to zone out.
pshh, i just think we have good taste, period. :)
keep seeing jags/hard knocks tweets
RT : FAREWELL: The 10 Fastest Dying Industries In America
happy for the cash but annoying to miss out on the ring/champagne when the guy I get HU against doesn't even know how to score hands.
X marks the spot!
Skipping class like a BA to go the Indians home opener! :)
Had a great time w/ today. Thanks for the great tips! cc:
We're cooking up some plans for this fall. Are you WSU LIS alum and would like to share your thoughts and stories from library land? DM us!
My life is so damn unstable. . .
Brooklyn day! Voice lesson in park slope sandwiched between time with and
you got "I'll Have Another" 14/1 odds good luck!!
Happy birthday ex-wife. If I didn't care or try and work things out, I wouldn't have remembered.
you spend too much time cryin
Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar located in Normal Heights, San Diego, Ca Wine Bar-Wine Retail-Craft Beer. Most intimate wine bar in San Diego
u fuck wit da beats bro
I really want to type "The Bromantic Piano" into the database...
good thing I'm always online then
Trivia Day 9: What carol demands figgy pudding? DM answer & name & email & b entered 2 win a free haircut w/color service!
do you guys accept Aetna?
whats good? Where are you?
On this day in 1935 Krueger’s Cream Ale and Krueger’s Finest Beer were introduced to the public. Happy Birthday beer can!
The equal and overwhelming parts of Spirit and Truth must dominate the worshipper's mentality. Mentality is revealed through identity!
Them other hoes be wishing that they had that boomerang but they got them frisbees !
said he never seen me around oak ridge but he look me dead in my eyes today lol
lol he's gonna give you shit about it..AND make you do the skit.
“No one is perfect until you fall in love with them.”
crab cakes and coding...
thank you! See you soon!
Time for an ARMS RACE MT : .....I (still) like Fall Out Boy. Come at me, bros.
Loving the simpsons stuff. I see MIB 2 but no one? :o or simpsons movie?
Oh, I know. My wife is a huge fan.
Jeremiah Fisher >
welcome to my life!I would never stop singing.I sing everywhere!(: Idk should I record myself /:
Bouna Coundoul failed to stop a penalty kick against Real Salt Lake Saturday night.
Started classes this week and I'm JUST now finding time to tweet... Hi =)
beta-testing #googlemusic clean interface, but not very googly.
SO MUCH GOING ON. BUT YOU TAKE THE GOOD WITH THE BAD TRUST GOD AND FIGHT THE GOOD FIGHT. SLAP ON A SMILE AND
funny.... #becauseitstrue i miss you sister!
Chillen in bed just trying to go back to bed lol I'm so tired and sore
This looks like the perfect accessory to my #stpatricksday celebration.
seriously, if i hear rolling in the deep one more time i will go
RT : 19% higher risk of non-adherence among patients whose physicians have poor communication
Looks great! For the resizing of columns, could it be made so that we could adjust by percentages instead of pixels?
Don't you just hate it when IMMATURE people you don't even know let alone seen me before make tweets about you? Lol
Bravo Justine!
i have Nintendo game ideas... for everyone. & parents will love to buy them for the family collection! who knows where i can submit? 1312
WE ARE PLAYING LIVE RIGHT NOW!!! Go to www.electrolouis.com to tune in to PROPER Primetime Thursday!!
Great talk by Andy Ellwood from Gowalla at the Magnet Creative Seminar in NYC.
Maybe by then I'll be able to formulate a question better than "how are you so awesome"?
and you got it on video
there is a serving suggestion via picture on packages of bacon. Like anyone ever sees that. Or pays attention to it
Is it impious of me that I know every word of "copperhead road". Thank you Steve Earl.
Amazing GCSE results! Well done year 11 so proud of you x
we were kicking around the soccer ball you got her.Taught her to say goal!!
thank you so much for following us back. hope to be in cali one day maybe we could work together
: passive voice is *grammatically* correct, but is often a problematic stylistic choice (*esp* for sociologists!)
what? This is the best idea ever!
takes some getting used to, but lots of inspiring high quality photos on there and I really dig the layout.
Hi beautiful:) thanks for visiting us:)
I hope it comes back some how ! Why some one takes someones's phone and in Astor room! Did not expect that!!
Matt Kemp has just insane power the other way
What a proud day for you. Congrats!
with premiere league soccer, can't even tell what the team is sometimes
: my B-DAY SATRDY I'LL BE 33 DAM I'm OLD
have a relaxing saturday afternoon. went and saw AC Milan vs Panathinaikos last night...bit drab. Pana should have won. 0-0 AC on PK's
yeah I had to. I'm glad to know you're good :). Hope everything is straight in your end.
my dms are messed up, so i can't look at them. i can send them but i can't look at them after idk whats happening to them ):
I really hope that crazy pizza mogul enters the GOP fray....
i have to go in ten minutes!! Please tweet me??? Love you Ariana!! ♥
NEVER STOP DOING YOUR BEST, JUST BECAUSE SOMEONE DOESN'T GIVE YOU THE CREDIT YOU ARE DESERVING OF......
another Nutcase Right Wing Lie I heard the Whole Video and he did not say that! So give it up Satan!
I hate carots your the one who eats them every day
I dunno I don't want to lose my edge and be remembered as a charity case. Half my friends are in dire straights. Tis the age.
good for you guys, thanks!
#CoreFusion #Barre or #Yoga tomorrow anyone?? See you there for a real good burn!
Good luck to on your last final! You are a college senior now. So proud of you. Can't wait for you to get home.
thank you ; )
Thanks to everyone who got here early for the session! #mggp send us your questions.
I have a feeling the super bowl is going to be an epic disaster
love this post....beautifully done! xx
“: Not texting the person you're used to texting all the time <” IT SUCKS
what game? I'd buy 2 seats to go, group?
Aww I miss you too, you are definitely what inspires me
I've wondered that myself.
If interested, you can call Signature at 414/747-5100 to make arrangements.
Why do I know that Delta Burke was married to Major Dad?
yes but it is so worth it!
Since using the privilege label comes off as a pejorative, why would she bring it up with people she agrees with?
dinner = bacon, fresh coconut water, koala cookies. Win or fail?
From responses so far, conservatives' fascination with Obama's college grades is a proxy for 1) media bias, 2) O's unvetted personal past
Re. #PP and med. options - My daughter has the RIGHT to make these decisions on advice of her Doctor, NOT by Congress!
damn dats cold
WHO GIVES THE BALL TO ASIK WITH GAME ON THE LINE....FOOL
The high point of my life is sleeping.
Happy Tuesday Beautiful People #SexyAndIKnowIt - XavierLT. com
There is a Fire/Hazmat crew outside my office. That's not good.
following :) x
Damn I missed and too much.
Omg omg so burnt. So so burnt.
sometimes i feel we're lost in the closet silence of printed work amid screaming vehicles passing by. somos los que se atreven cantar.
I want souvenirs from all the colleges I can
I love how the dentist tries to have a conversation with you while he's got his hands in your mouth.
true that!!
Good RT : Marylou, Portland OR, US has loaned $3800 to Qatun Llaqta Group, Ayacucho, Peru to purchase trees.
I am in an odd mood. This tweet brought to you by the letter "e" for exhaustion and "s" for stress.
Thanks for the useful information
Please support my boo and his music and check him out on facebook and on twitter
need to meet more wwe fans....
In honor of National Read a Book Day, join me for #CMLbookchat tonight 9/6 at 7pm EST. Tweet you there!
In this world nothing is certain but death and taxes.
Wave of protesters demand apology from president - Taipei Times
im so jealous
Could toy imagine a KU vs Mizzou national championship?
On my way home. Anthony coming over. He on his way. (:
definitely man - thanks!!
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:)
I love you to.
you got my vote!
it starts: "somebody said that it couldn't be done, but he with a chuckle replied that maybe it couldn't, but ..."
Auditioning for a part on the Onion Sports Network, then back to studio for more recording
Guess Usher never got over his man love. Guy is asking for butt sex on #SNL .
is a
hope everyone has a great weekend; rest up since next week will be rockin' as we gear up for #IMS12 in NYC on Feb 28-29!
Starting conversations with "I shouldnt be telling u this" always gets them to listen to u.
You better eat and enjoy tons before you can't eat for a few days
Finished in 10th place out of 50 in the WFD IKTS league standings with 1445 pts. Not too shabby :-D!
dear face wash commercials, people dont really splash water in there face. sincerly, my bathrooms fucking soaked.
do you hate mondays? :(
Meeting so many wonderful people downtown Detroit. And filling up their bellies.
thank u sir!!! U see the #Nuggets pull it off? One hell of last 2mins
Dude pumping The Band out of his Civic just brushed his shoulder off at me.
How about three guys no rings I think skip wants prince james to him self but stoll loves tebow
Looking forward to the next Partners In Growth meeting.
American Horror Story just got real....by that I mean excellent.
Glee just showed up our show choirs rendition of edge of glory... #feelinglikeafailure Hahah.
I still wanted ITALY to win. but what can u do...
RT : Accountabiltiy is Magic! I totally agree for Marketing Plans.
SEC is doing awesome so far in the draft. Keep it going
RT : "Sex.com" domain name sold (again). This time: $13 million. Seems low...
Gettin some inspiration from
Accredited degrees and certifications with online education make it a precious program. Grow as an individual in any phase of life
...um, no. and if YOU were dating a member of a breed of hairy, human killers of legend, i would be "strict" on you, TOO! sheesh
never going back to Montreal.
researching #microsofttags to use in an upcoming marketing campaign...
Hey guyz! New co-owner here! Im really excited to help u ICONiacz! :D
Sneak Peek: April's Restaurant reviews in SD Home Garden include PAON, KITCHEN 4140 & JIMMY'S FAMOUS AMERICAN TAVERN @ newstands soon.
We just started using this. Will finish up some 2nd gr projects today at 2:30 Will send links soon.
Don't act like Yao don't live me...SO FOLLOW ME
See how she makes everything about her, Jason? Gosh. :)
some are a day late and a dollar short in this budget debate
Facebook can be very tricky sometimes!
Its all for L.O.V.E. Respect him and leave him alone. God bless you michael jackson. We love you forever
Happy Tuesday Everyone! Don't forget our contest. Follower #1000 gets a free autographed of my Greatest Hits CD!
Repost from My Good Nanny... We never know how hard it is to be a parent, until we become one...
- And you can become a fan our our Facebook page, and spread the word by RTing Tweets and sharing FB posts with your friends!
sorry lol I having been on
this is great!
A man can't ride your back unless it's bent. ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
I'll never buy a #MacBook Air. It just doesn't have enough mass to be used as a weapon. Don't make me pull my Dell E1505 Bitches!
People asks me what inspires me? My response Curiosity and Observations am curious about people & everything I see and observe them intently
I really want to be a graphic designer/ developer now
En route from Columbus OH to Franklin TN for
one dude got some and the other dudes didn't. isn't that what always happens?
I work till 5... Shark tonight?
Austin eats icecream shakes so cute. <3 okay , only him.
I would bring it over but it's storming so yeah... Sry :(
and this is also a great reminder for when the music thing jumps off and lots more people start following you
Hailey Anne's resting & calm but in pain. Thanks for the prayers, thoughts, calls, text, FB, ballons, candy, gift cards, visits, flowers...
Am I missing something, the live stream at #140cuse doesn't seem to be working for me. Is it streaming for everyone else?
The cat is out of the bag! #SylvieAtanasio the ❤& soul of AlysEdwards has left to Rock the House of #CountryFloors! All 👀's on
Hey you guys should get a vimeo page! would be a good alternate place for all your videos! just a thought!
I've had class with both, they r great ladies. Finding time is the hardest part! I find setting the time and then paying...
A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus
Thanks for the great pictures!! I miss Istanbul and you guys so much!!
Just thought you'd be interested in that even the writers from Pgh and Philly hate other. :) and
Going green and getting a virtual office with Davinci Virtual
are you going tonight?
This fortune cookie didn't have a fortune. What does that mean?
It may be a good week ... Let see if I can knock one out ...solo
Ellen: what is the one thing in life you are most passionate about?
I've been a little bit drunk all day...Where are you!?
what's the word on the Tee's?
Mom: I told that guy not to bring that guy.
#UFCrio bought now for Chad Mendes to win the belt!
I love when you say you love something.
Had a great day today. Finally got my hair done.
Maybe I'd get more work done on my play if I told myself I could only write 140 characters at a time!
FDA looking into sharing Liver Toxicity Knowledge Base data - >2,000 studies
havent been on twitter in a while wats up guys
I need you now and forever.
I wish people would know the definitions to some words before they use them out of contextt....
“: Pool party w all 90's music ????....... As much as I want to, too many ppl would end up pregnant, lol” haha this needs tohappen
We are going to Spitfire near 4th and Bell!
absolutely!!! Maybe I can get a speaking gig over your way!!
working on new home page design and components...should be ready to upload by Monday www.itsartnotstuff...Luv Art! PeaCe
The most stupid mistake in life is to think that someone you trusted who hurt you once will not hurt you again.
thanks Colleen!!
She just F'ed up the National Anthem!!!! How does that happen at the freaking Super Bowl!
I LOVE YOU TOO. But I'm still punching you in the booooobies.
Come on Joe Biden, what's it gonna take to see you flip off John Boehner, at least once, on national TV tonight?
Bite me. RT : I wish people on twitter would be more snarky.
I will get you one day. ": Hall is Daryl and Oates is John."
yeah and you said u didnt want to follow me cause i wouldnt have good tweets...
I hate when people don't come thru
Thank you!!
THEY BACK ON OMG
Don't be too busy with your life to live.
are you going to my first hour today? Theres gonna be like nobody there cause the trip
Come join us w/ grand reopening It's not too late for mini treatments, food & tummy bartenders.
He brought this team back from the grave..
Henny on deck
as am i
since we missed today they need to make up a day for it.
Makin dinner with my babes
just read that Jon Hamm reads Deadspin everyday. My bromace with him now is stronger than yours
Thought 4 2Day: The trappings of the world can trap you in a spiritual prison. Pursue holiness not worldliness!
For injury reports and transactions we get stuff from them, but our analysis pieces are our own.
Not sure I've heard >1: rhymes w/ "interest" RT “: It's pretty amusing hearing all the different ways people pronounce "Pinterest."”
My students make me proud and a better teacher!! “: You're the best! 你对我激励。多谢。=)”
I GOT YOU
So last night...Raffi being Raffi?
my new t-shirt - visited 500 Fifth Avenue and all I got was this lousy coffee stain
Amazing insights from talk by 's talk at 's Forum: "Culture Eats Innovation for Lunch!" Do you agree?
Yeah, with your #Gators, and factor in #MichiganState, #Marquette and #MurrayState, that's the toughest bracket for my money.
i guess they think that to destroy the system they must know the system first...
Yes!:) I work with digtl peeps in politcl field and see so much oppty there-visual, simple, lets the story tell itself.
I've got a question: Why is the median NOT reporting the HZB rocket attacks on Israel?
"Newspapers are for old people" - Sophia
22 And Enoch was dedicated to God for the three hundred years after he fathered Methuselah, continuing to have sons and daughters.
intense battle in my head right now. what do i hate more the smell of curry or hiccups.
Zac Brown Band is good for the soul.
You probably have too much time on your hands then. It's beer-thirty. Relax and have fun bud!
*gigglesnort* sour bananas
neither do our elected officials
agree. It will be a test to see which Tiger finishes
There is one of those cowardly defensive plays in NFL. A cheap shot on the real hero trying to catch the ball!!
Sorry Bulls, no amount of #PointShaving will help you at this point.
thanks for the follow!
"Make healthy things fun and fun things healthy."
the only thing more annoying to cowboy fans than those silly hats, are the stupid things he says.
Get 'The Addiction' on iTunes
just finished enjoying Good Food w on the radio! Who wants Korean BBQ?
the truth is there and has just been hiding in plain sight...now we just need the process 2 make it official. Coming soon..
I now have SPSS v. 20 installed. Let the statistical mayhem begin!
lets just say I have state FCAT testing so its a mix of people by levels and most of the ones in my room are as dumb as rocks
Planning on ricking the house tonight at La Fonda's La Fiesta Lounge! Tell your friends!
ok then, i think you're starting to open your eyes
amount of times someone has asked you how many times a question has been asked?
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but call me maybe
After all this time, I really feel the OS X Lion Address Book has gotten a fair shot here. UNUSABLE.
cool let me know what I'm in.
yeah right.. then he has to fly to Miami! :o
I love my life.
Glad to hear you are coming on the Tour with us!! See you in Sept!
wish we could see the big cuz in Orlando this year. All-Star game doesn't count.
Afterward. For some reason my legs cramp if I wear them while running but feel great when I use them afterward.
Thanks for the #FF, Arabella. Hope you have a great Friday!
Are you an independent group or with an organization. Praise God as you put your core group together. We are praying for you.
Thunder Road is on the road today with !! Heading down south to get a guitar or two! Details to come!
four of these tonight
how've u been??
RE: Bromantic moment...has to be and
S/o my big bro see yu in Miami soon!!
Watching the Lakers-Thunder game; the Thunder are looking really good.
Listening to Thirds Eye View and I bangs with damn near every song on this joint
Good chat today. We might have to start a weekly discussion. Similar to the great #sbchat on Sundays.
we thinks that good itz good dat u write yo own songz.
likewise! Let's schedule another tour!
naw I hit a party my homegirl gave called #TWAKEOVER it's a networking event
Deejanay up in my class
So some girl did her hair just like mine -_____-
Got to see sing tonight :)
heck yeah. you gave me my fix of until i see you guys in a couple weeks!!!! lol <3
The exam essay question: "Our syllabus is organized by kinds of schools (boarding, day, vocational.) How else (1/2)
you can try, but I wouldn't
Can't wait! perfect for #artsmanagement RT : Tonight we’ll be discussing the importance of engagement on social media.
Very quiet for George W. Lots of Obama chants from mall and "hey goodbye!" Aretha was great!
What a night... I am off to meet Chantha. He whom I am not allowed to name in Social Media... meh... he never reads this shit.
Thanks for a fun season! Can't wait until the next one.
Gm tired but off to work 😘
in do time luv. TAN will once again, jam ur jams!
I thought the #foursquare "hangover" badge was a sxsw badge
Thanks for the follow!
let me know if you want to hit up in Beverly Hills or Century City for a quick workout before our dinner tomorrow!
God has a contract with me, sure, signed, and remembered, that he will not let flood waters destroy all people. Genesis 9:8-17
Newt Gingrich is actually starting to scare me. He doesn't sound Presidential tonight. He sounds like a pissed off dictator.
Man I Tell You.
whoa...leave twitter to go lay outside a couple hours, you come back & the President has made a bigass endorsement & things are blowing up!
i was only kidding...
Is anyone going to the show on Oct. 1st at The Roxy!?!?
please give everyone a break. go back to it Friday if you must-we could all use a distraction. maybe some more mu in the sec?
Waking up with legs is a good enough reason to get motivated!!!
is the best boyfriend any girl could ever have. 😍
finished with phase I: Vancouver to Des Moines. Phase II: DSM to MKE is next month.
RT : Respect is EARNED, never given. You have to earn your respect from me.
...it is my pleasure! Whatever it is you're dealing w/right now, push through to your rainbow on the other side... :-)
True. Some people just like to whine about their teams I guess. Are you going to the game tomorrow?
congratulations on your new house :)
#EarthHour at the moment. Enjoying this time of peace and quiet!
We're taking odds on Trombone Shorty guesting in Springsteen's horn section tonight. We think this needs to happen.
Now with Ron Paul out of the race, the nation can finally get serious about staying on the exact same path it's currently on.
NO BEER LEFT BEHIND
The BASH is in 2 days! Who's ready?
I love it when you call me big papa(; #choppin'it
good for you! I am down 85 in 10 months. Keep up the good work!
Ppl just want attention, but I'm not giving it.
i thought that said names lmfao
Watchin this movie about coco chanel....she was feisty! Lol
Delta Airlines,
,my niece has had problems at youth too, thanks for helping me not feel alone in this battle. Hold tight to ur values. <3
Love the stuff I find in code sometimes.
I just murdered my workout. Goal weight met! I'm hungry for more though.
My 19 year old student always says that is the YoungMoney of undergroundHiphop. Let's just say I'm happy he know about MMG
I like this choice.
thanks for the flower! (; hahaha
Mel Gibson
maybe in an hr or so.... or more. haha im just not tired
setting muhh alarm:) makin sure I get my presents early:) yeah buddy:) hmu Santa:)
I'm being forced to get up earlier than my body likes, and this morning I went caffeineless. Now I'm really paying for it.
Maitest sounds fun! Its a shame there's no date on the page. When is it?
Sounds like has been reading MEGACATASTROPHES! Fast-spreading viruses are one of the more likely ways the world will end...
Another big OAC game tomorrow vs. Otterbein at home at 3 PM. Let's pack the house
An auto generated daily paper of tweets of people I follow. So that I (or others) can peruse the day's events w/o always being on
Is Kobe the only #Laker tonight?
How about an Android app that reminds you to take a picture of something every day and constructs a time lapse video for you?
Heading back from Boston! Berklee, please accept me.
I can't believe this man
Everybody wants to find a shortcut these days.... Seems like nobody does their due diligence anymore -- LCD ()
Today I saw a guy driving a mini-van with spinning chrome rims. MLINY
amen to that!
Ya better 💚
Safe flight lovely!
True dat! RT : Sometimes you got to stop thinking so much. if it feels right, it probably is. so just go with it.
I do take special classes.... Not bragging.... My parents fight and my life is pure crap. Bragging? Fml.
I'm having difficulty transitioning from PhD student to graduate. Feels like I'm on sidelines of my own life. Any advice for finding voice?
Are chinstrap penguins the Amish of the Antarctic bird community?
2 winners in $656M US lotto jackpot stay anonymous - CBC.ca
I live in Oakland. And will until they kick me out
O girl
PLAYiN WiT MY SON
that's life. I for one understand. :)
thank you so, so much! :D♥
Nicholas Tolkien, GG-Grandson of J.R.R. Tolkien, Author of "Lord of the Rings" is guest on my radio show, "Question Reality" 6-26-11 @ 5 PM.
Dinner tonight? A slow roasted fresh ham with a thick fat cap and a #ramp gremolata!
“All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today.” -Indian Proverb
Lot happening today. World History Tournament of Champions.
Rochester NY fans - show your stuff! Time to ROC THE DAY: roctheday.org
RT : I still think that Kofi is better than a Tag Champion
Done with classes for the year
If you want me, show me. If you need me, tell me. If you have me, love me. If I'm worth it, fight for me.
Ditto! And I'm thrilled to find another SMPSer who lives in Sterling
Dear sleep, we need to hang out more. Sincerely, me.
Two more midterms and then #SXSW... I can do it.
is having Korean BBQ in Lynnwood.
Oh but that one night. . .was more than just right.
how much are y'all asking for your house? I am in the market for buying a home
Congrats! Excited to see it.
Welcome new FUEL members from and Direct Supply!
they have banned prom dresses?? :O
I'm just tweeting. Thanks for tweeting back :)
it's kinda sad though haha. How've you been?? I haven't talked to you in a while!!
tank it blazers!
Your Not Better Than Nobody.
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
#stagecoach is so not #coachella! Got our credentials tonight and it took all of 2 minutes. Lots of RVs on the I-10 out to the desert.
Don't trust too much, don't love too much, don't hope too much. Because that too much can hurt you so much.
lol I love this movie
doing it up big G... I'll have some good storys for you next week... Well have some good bro time!
hahaha oh no, hopefully no old pics of me?! Doing great, besides that incident! haha back in MKE! Howre you?
^.^ atleast youre being a nice creep.
a real grocery would be appreciated...but I really don't mind going there for bread, lunchmeat, essentials.
it's awesome. Hotel is sweet and there r like 1200-1500 kids here.
Warning: They do hurt, you might grow mold in it, and bugs might nest in there
Im so mad at myself. I should've fucking known this.
i consider sharrows the table scraps of bicycle infrastructure.
This game cannot be good for my blood pressure 😳
I wish it wasn't so hard for me to fall asleep /stay asleep anymore. Anyone have a good remedy?
It's National Pancake Day! Don't forget to hit IHOP for your free pancakes before we take all the syrup.
I got the video I needed and my information was, unfortunately, spot on. Thank you to everyone for your timely assistance!
Some fan at the golf tournament just got nailed on the top of the head!!!! My life is complete
lets go heat
was her arrest on fi?
So I am chauffeuring around again today .. But excited we are going to Schaumburg IL - can you say shopping!!!
jst saw great fight on street. really big women w/ half blond half red hair throwing her McDonalds food @ her bf 4 talking 2 another women
Didn't expect rain today. Waking up to it hammering on my roof gives me an intense desire to be out dancing in it in my jammies!
hey cameo how r you????
well if u do that it would be great :)
thank you for messaging me and following me.
I'm back twitter...let's get money or die trying
RT : just requested 's #GETTINEM to the Obie&lil Shawn show in Orlando fl now moving on to MI <~ YES
Bouta go get a workout in and ball a lil
i had a dream last night that i got boob implants, and i have to admit it felt good lookin down and actually having BOOBS! LOL
in the grand tradition of evolution I think it's important to ask ourselves: "what's better than capitalism".
Can't wait for next week.
can i just love you yet? asdfghjkl lettme marry you<3
Did an old man just walk out of here with an accordion?
um watched part of the #bachelor tonight. I can't believe this is the upteenth season of this shite. I want my 17 minutes back.
Swag swag on Lou. Chillin by the fire, Niall's eating fondue. Harry knows bout me, Liam knows bout you. Say hello to DJ Malik in…123flick
#Avengers what a great movie
Birmingham new street does not compare well with schiphol - both underground similar size but schiphol pleasant not a zoo!!
Frattoys took over Panama City Beach this week!
Wish I was in DC this week - hope things are going well at my favorite food truck!
I wonder if will go on a date with me?
Lol u know its true ..so does everyone else RT lOl
Lol even though someone pointed out there hasn't been one black person on the show #girls I still fucks with it. Its excellent.
I wonder if any of my followers want a follow back..
Just because you know my name doesn't mean you know my game
"Educational change is not constrained by lack of technology but a lack of sociological imagination" D Rhoten
u are the ugliest rat i've seen in my life! yuck. i feel bad for who ever lives with u
Hell no. You can't walk up into a restaurant after four lookin' for a job. That's when they be gettin' busy
I done cut and burned myself today....
I'm gearing up to do more biz tip videos. They should be good to go in a week or so.
I heard so much about them but haven't given a listen yet. I'll probably listen today while Austin wandering.
Pina Colada + BBQ = Its going down
and none of that is a good look #Romney obviously has no concern for those who are struggling right now
Pollan's food rules: Avoid products containing ingredients a third-grader can't pronounce, or cereals that change the color of the milk.
Storm just shut the Internet down. No school for me. :)
I hate justin w/e his last name is but i just wanna see taylor get punked :3
Attending a Passover Seder this evening. I'll do my best to keep the "I don't roll on Shabbas!" to a minimum.
On a policy call with Great org!
yea you have him as a friend to:D
going to a store & they don't have your size in anything you want
I might as well give Apple my bank account
We are so excited to have you on the Summit Faculty in May!
saw your doppelganger at the grocery today. Gonna need a clean-up in aisle 3
get ried of toughness - easy. long slow braising - gaminess? go for a younger kid.
thanks for everything today. Great afternoon! Ryan ur patience is off the charts.
Thank you, Mr. Nashville Now! Another timely score by Brandan Wright...
It's so sweaty in the house! Going grocery shopping, then doing 's hair. :)
It's not what you say it's how you say it
I have been lucky enough to see Chihuly installations in Phoenix & Pittsburgh can't wait to see more.
yo. Did everyone just stop hooping or did I just stop getting called??
Home. Safe. Sound........Thinking about you more than you know.
i feel great.
Whenever I watch the Clippers I root for them to lose.
And both are the most oddly named politicians since Millard Fillmore.
coulda sworn you were a cubs fan?
Focus trumps multitasking.
Screw you Western Civilization.
Thanks for the follow!
I love them All, but come on, even my dad loves you!!! Lol. He's 79. :) goodnight
Ugh why is it soo packed, it took me 15min tryna find a parking spot
The #seasonpremiere of ABC's #TheBachelorette starts tonight! "RT" if you will be tuning in.
i like a sleeve on a woman bright and full of color something that suits the client
Never let yesterday use up too much of today.
We're pissed at all the way from WA. Nothing like an oblivious dictatorship to save a few bucks, huh?
totally on josh beckett's side, don't let your hate for the sox blind you
-What security concerns? He's probably safer there than anywhere in the US.
First of all, NEVER STOP DOING WHAT YOU LOVE NO MATTER WHO SAYS!!! Second of all, you did great!!!
OMG CTHU u freakin fool. Shoot, idk guess I need to work on it. LOL
on pace for over 200.
Enjoy the 311 show tonight. Take some good pics. Wish I could be there!
Not just you. It's top selling merchandise in MLB. Obv. has some to do with being new but it's still tops 6 months later.
why am i such an emotional person?
Omg exactly! They go just for the drugs and naked people. What a great way to spend a rave -_-
A lot of you have asked me, "Are there actually a lot of people asking you these inane questions?" Seems you just answered your own question
Charging for parking at the zoo could back up traffic on the 5, zoo director says. Also, the zoo lacks the infrastructure to charge.
Love love love you Nippy FOREVER...The greatest voice and vocal arranger, ever. Rest In Peace. Whitney "The Voice" Houston.
i don't know how i feel about oranges
#Life Of Da Party
im just smdh. i think she is nuts.
Have fun at prom lovely! Cant wait to see pictures!!!:)
I hope it thunderstorms today. :))
If I brush him just right, he plays the organ. Finesse the fur purrfectly, he works the pedals.
Jus got done with a good workout watching the game
who r they blondie?
Thank u :)
Ah ok got chu
haha. So how was your day?(:
My mom is so over dramatic with her cards lol 😂❤
RT-- Please Note: Politicizing 9/11 is terrible. But using it as a premise to invade the wrong country is cool. — via web
#2thingsiknow we need to help those who can't help themselves and not enough people are doing it
Good Thursday morning, Twitterverse. Happy Friday Eve and Happy Draft Day!
#worldnews A West End performance of The Wizard of Oz had to be cancelled on Thursday night after a technical problems with the stage.
I'm getting sleepy
that's pretty descriptive. & it's not really a talent when you're okay at it.
harlem globe trotters at seminole high bitches (:
hey this is i wrote parallel last year. we are shooting this week here in ny.
i hate being angry at people because its always my own fault
We dont need these stupid shots!
Ready be a good ass night
RT : Today's downloads are from US, UK, Australia, Singapore, Mexico, Kuwait & Philippines...totally rocks!
When you're heart turns cold, it causes your soul to freeze. It spreads throughout your spirit like a ruthless feeling disease.
Camille, how are you and your family and your novel?
First day of lent. I'm giving up...VEGETABLES! (Sound of a record scratching).
im protecting youif anything he dsnt care srsly h
Sunday Funday or what?! :-D
Head hurts :/
the flashing light in your yard scared the shit out of me
great working with you last night!
Anyone else in Chi notice their AT&T reception being extra...let me put this nicely..."not good" lately?
More sessions should incorporate music - Gen X session is hilarious and almost a support session
and I'm back here and you're all there. I hope to see you again soon!
dont be doin that you gone get me in trouble!!! get out the way move just move.... SHIT!!!"in my dae dae voice"
Good babe. Then i'll start saying it more often :)
Let's add Montreal to that list too.
So, does this mean I get to go home now?
“: I had no idea the Pulitzer Committee established a "Best Slideshow" category” oops I read that as "sideshow". Nevermind.
The degree to which you elevate in life depends on the degree to which you receive correction, seek wisdom and take action.
Good morning, Jane. What's your question? I have 1/2 an hour before I get ready & leave for work.
tweet #smwchic wall of shame collects fashion illustrations collects design/art books
I remember when I was younger and everyone used to asked each other what they are mixed with like it was odd if you weren't....
Logan Thomas- making up for last weeks lack of incompletions.
Are you still spending huge dollars on SEO. Well, my advice is you need to redirect your energy into a more comprehensive Internet strategey
We don't need people to believe in us. We believe in us. We can and will succeed.
lol why's that?
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
I've never had that one. Love to try it. Let my know when you have it.
TEI Boilerplate looks terrific. Looking forward to trying it out.
my body actually gets excited about imperfect action, like making spontaneous videos LOL
You can't buy love on eBay. ~ Anonymous
thanks for the follow! Let us know if you or your friends have any catering or boxed lunch needs!
how old are you? Lol I'm 11 and I'm 5'3
Getting Ready!! RT : What up
I'm still trying to understand Pinterest and its ultimate growth potential.
RT : This would be so big if Denver won this game
Made it home after a long night of work.
nice! you seem to be the more representative MCDS student. Also, I want to make a "guy" joke about whose media is bigger.
I need a hug :(
Seems like Chief Keef should have more than 557 Twitter followers.
Are you, by chance, going to THATCamp CHNM in June?
I am but not for like a month.
IU doing some rockish stuff = HOT!
Hey everyone tweet us images of your stickers. We want see a collage of stickers and we will retweet them!!
Best book Eva!! Ten mile river by Paul griffin must read book
Who have u enjoyed working with the most
Approach influence as if it were a problem to solve.
Haha, I'm glad you liked the skunk piece. I've been trying to enact it myself, but it's challenging when playing classical :p
you are cool :)
I'll be Tom Servo.
Woke up Scared cause my nose started bleeding
how many pairs of cowboy boots does Paul own?
Well OBVI he doesn't know how to take such r.a.w. talent HUGS to the 2/3 of you I know ;)
This situation can only be described as an Angolan rap circle-jerk.
Want 25% off your lunch tab? Just ask for it Offer available - Wednesday, Thursday, Friday 11:30am-4pm
If I ever get the chance..... smh
Hoes Are Cuffed . Good Girls Are Single . The Good Ones Die Young . The Ungrateful Ones Have Everything
you seem to forget; I'm not so easily fooled as your usual lady company.
yes yes yes!!(: that would be awesome!!
is coming back to Oregon! Hell YES!
I love Spongebob-Squarepants!! My all time favorite show!
Spa Willamina offering 2.5 hour August special for only $150. Includes cool stone therapy and deep cleaning facial: 503-287-2787
Spring Fling is almost here at Darkside Shields. Starting Monday to Sunday $50 off any Windshield Kit with this coupon: spring50ds2011.
haha! Oh, get ready.
A 5K = 6,600 steps. If you took a step for everyone living with HIV in Indiana, you'd have to walk the AIDS Walk route nearly two times.
I need to know to not fall in love unless i know for sure it's real
don't disagree. Hockey is "serious" to Canadians & NE US just like say NFL ,therefore, no fun allowed...
RT Good to hear! RT : Enjoying the Memory Course. Great way to spend a cold Saturday.
well, the stage is set for a match. I'll find a 4th.
My #BlackBerry won't turn on...or off. It's frozen in limbo. How fun for me.
Chloe was awesome last night...sad to see the show end as well.
girls! I'm in Davis this weekend- come up tomorrow for the whole earth festival and to hang!!
I'm happy about Chase but disappointed with Goff.Out all year then he wants to jump ship : (
Damm its hard to get him mad, he has no social networks lol
#foodlabsummitdr CRS reports that in the south 1500ha of coffee land lost every year due to food insecurity and low return on production.
thanks! I will
Paradise by Coldplay...wow, what an absolutely devastating, breathtaking song. Seems they're really coming into their own.
waiting on my roommate... Be there soon.
Seven more days of school.
When I don't hear from friends for days I start worrying that they choked on ranch-flavored bugles or Tom's Hot Fries.
Today I'm another year older. So much has changed in my life since last year! I am so blessed & excited. This will be the best year ever!
There are some Android apps for Mendeley on Google Play. Have you tried them?
Two kitties sitting on the foot of my bed licking their toes.
why does school have to be sumtimes so boring
You probably wont see this but if you do I just want to say you are my inspiration! #0days #BOYFRIENDvideo leggo! <33 love you
trying to add LinkedIn account, click on LI Add button and nothing happens. Using desktop version 2.0
just kidding. I feel for you. Had similar experience (not as bad) on 275 Tuesday.
I miss you.... We need to fix this
Seriously, if Dalglish doesn't get fired, the Liverpool board are idiots. Been there b4 with King Kevin (and Kenny).
LOL Nice. I'll give Weeded some cool spots in CTown where the blue hairs hang out at :D
thank you very much!! I really appreciate that!
that sounds amazing! will a Doobie cover be finding its way onto it? I've made "Cindy" a staple of all my mixtapes. thank you!
i love how everyone is acting like there's only 3 people on this stage
Congrats on the audition! :)
No?! Guys,i go to Paris ! Tonight ! My parents make me a surprise ! Rt
Has anyone found a way to get BB DM to sync with Outlook 2010? The real version, not the beta 2010.
Let the stress begin.
"omg it's going to be 11/11/11 this year! That will never happen again." Well genius Neither will 8/16/11 or 8/17/11 or any other day.
I think can eat a dick I'm happy to be a black dude. I just try to conduct myself in a different way than society portrays us
Your campaign slogan made me laugh, very creative.
lol ok that's a deal I will just inbox the shit outta u and tweet the fuck out of u
I can't wait for the fourth of July and the fair!
Now if can buy a 30 that would be great! He deserved it TWO weeks in a row now! This is why I only vote for him!
Soon these videos will be done
