can you please please please please please please please follow me? 0r at least mention please I wil be so so so sad if u dont
No. I have too much research to do
staying strong for jay
He wouldnt be a starter for us, he probably just wants play time. Good luck to you Amile at Duke.
#LogicFail Heritage Fdn sez "we should use every means possible to kill [terrorists] first or ID them." Uh, try IDing them first, m'kay?
local Occupy camps are still largely controlled by fakes, and so remain small, ugly, and ineffective, the way the 1% want them.
peace out
Ready to do the NYC.
scantily clad.
& I thank God for sending someone new my way who truly cares about me. Even though he is mad at me right now lol
you can burn CDs through it super easy
Cool. Have fun! It's a great time of year to jump in. Farmers markets have the best ingredients—can't go wrong
Yo said that lol. Just like them iguana days......
We are often allergic to the “fillers” in the pills we take. These can vary from brand to generic. We can make it without the filler.
I'm over men....AND women..... No no I'm over human beings. I'm into aliens now. There!
too bad the dragonball z/gt series had to end
Caps...4-2...they've been the better team entire series...hey whats Tommy hunsickers handle?
No clue why my boyfriend likes me every single time he comes over my room is aboustly disgusting and messy lol
I love this baby. He is the perfect excuse when I really just didn't want to go to that party.
I LOVE FOOTBALL ON SATURDAY!!!
I'm so happy I get to check into school Friday at like 9:45
Enjoy the read RT bought 3 copies of #SunStandStill waiting in line for a copy to free up while everyone tells me what Im missing
RT : On the day that #Dbacks starter Patrick Corbin was born, #Rockies starter Jamie Moyer already had 31 MLB wins.
No prob! Let me know when you're free for lunch :)
i loved that song also :D ur really talented
Grandpa, I love you so much, it's gonna be hard with you gone now. You lived a long eventful life. You fought hard. Rest in peace <3
#thingsthatineed is my family close friend and my boyfriend<3
We are proud to announce that our co-chair Carlos Garcia is now a board member on Kendall Federation of Homeowners Assc.
RT : Damn RT : LMAOOOOOOOOOO Pacers and Magic is such a terrible series. I'd rather watch tranny porn.
Thanks for the feedback. I figure knowledge of the twitters is pretty important to editors, but wondered about stndrd practice
If you think Seattle was bad, keep your eye on Sac now that KJ has declared the Kings DOA.
I don't eat much anymore. I don't know why.
Can't sleep at night. Tuesday is going to be a long day at Disney if I don't get this figured out by tonight........
I would highly suggest #snowtubing at Wildwood Highlands!
I aint nothing wrong with me telling my brother I love him
Hi girl that runs everywhere. No one loves you and you're adopted.
Romney is criticizing Obama for even running for president. His speech sounds like a pep rally not a candidate speech.
do it! I'm only gonna be in NY for a week but I'm staying with Marcos haha
follow me back brotha! Hope to have a beer with you someday! Cheers!
| Thanks - didn't see the option for the wait list. Will try to attend next event.
sad to see it end ... #thoseguys are the best
what is it?
thanks so much!
- thanks Harmen -- i have been a long time fan of Shakti Gawain...she has influence with me.....great quote!
RT if you Love Justin Bieber's #TurnToYou song.😊🎵
Read the books! By Jeff Lindsay.
Drafting up new story ideas. I think best in the shower and while driving. Hmm how could I put those two together? I'll be at the car wash!
Some people just needa be taught a lesson!
i fuck everything up, i understand if you hate me</3.
'Tis a good weekend. ;)
Is the Henry Aaron commercial limited to just Milwaukee, or are other markets seeing it?
Get Ready, Now It's a Race To the Finish Line For... NEW COUNTRY STAR OF THE YEAR 2010
Im at sea world employment center rn....Es not da same without chu
Follow me and I'll keep you at the cutting-edge of #SQL development (not serious, but you can follow an old housemate anyway)
Scott Walker is awesome...that's all I have to say.
Other NBA teams' fans need to get over Cavs' fans not getting over Lebron leaving Cleveland.
No matter how good of a guy you are, you'll always just be a friend.
TO EVERYONE ON TWITTER PLEASE WATCH KONY 2012 video on YouTube & HELP SPREAD THE WORD!
In LA this would be dogs hiking Runyon complaining about credit card debt RT FOR EXAMPLE: what if your dog is too adorable?
Ha! Nice one June. RT "Earth School... Where we get to keep going until we master the material. Hah! No pun intended."
#ConfessionNight I eat to much snacks at nite
My understanding is that we don't really know how large a guy he was, but my wife and like to think he liked food too. Heh.
FUCK YOU TUMBLR, YOU OBVIOUSLY HATE ADAM AND I HATE YOU FOR THAT FUCKKK YOUU I WAS ALMOST DONE!!!
RT : Dear al Qaeda, We killed your cowardly leader with a military that includes Gay Americans. Suck on that. Yours, Obama
#kids Saturday Scholars at Irving Central Library, Sat, May 19 10:00a: Volunteers will be available to tutor and assist students in...
ok.. haha. I'll try to sleep here in about 20 minutes.
My typo in my last tweet only further supports its idea
: they too busy for little ole me ; (
Bigasoft DVD Ripper 30144420 - pocket pc pda
Americans actively choose to ignore the education of our children. Instead of paying teachers better salaries we pay actors and athletes.
I'm over it.. Jelly bean Jr is never going to get that 6th ring and will 4ever be in MJ's shadow.
Thanks for the follow, Noah! I noticed the quote, "why do food allergies happen." I hope your right about research.
I want chipotle so bad eek
Happy National Coffee Day! If you're a fan like us, stop by either location for a rich cup of coffee, latte, cappuccino, or mocha!
Welcome to Dribble! I like your work.
thanks bro keep a lookout for when the new stuff comes out gotta lot in store
I WISH!
It is now 11:11pm, and my wish is for you to finally follow me back, lol k bye. ~xoxo
just saying :)
you know some of us can only focus on WiRecall, a little help this time would be nice.
genius!!!! I'll have two please!
Dances with Wolves with Kevin Costner won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1990.
Train is full at Kimball. Wtf?
Spend your weekend at the Galleria at Sunset Mall and don't forget to stop by Pop Stop for a well deserved snack!
Thanks :-) RT : Hi Eva! I'm following you now :-)
Going to start walking over to Blind Dog in a bit. Maybe we can meet up?
successful thesis drinks tonight!
Dear bumpy bus ride, I AM TRYING TO SLEEP.
Jonas brothers on the cover of Good Housekeeping? That's it I give up.
Yeaa haha you should go again it's fun (:
we could trade but I think my customers will make you scared for humanity. They often don't know their own named.
RT : In other news: Looks like coach Luce won't be coaching at purdue next season.
She's a p P L A Y E R, I'll never trust her
"My muthafuckin doctor said I need a doctor, so I called House now I am a pill popper."
I didn't mention that they were both male cats...
Home Bank is a proud sponsor of 'Heels 2 Heals' Charity Event Oct 1st.
you are lame
Went to artist development earlier. Just finished up a photo shoot. Now on to castings!
Not liking the time change -___-
He'd come to the rescue. Just stop breathing so he'll have to give you CPR. And, there ya go. A kiss from the one and only.
Bring the pain!!! RT : Time to bounce back against the Rams this Sunday!!! HTTR
CASTING: 1 Lead Male Actor for a short silent-film. 3-4 EXTRAS will also be needed. Will be filming in & around CSUN campus on the 25th.
I have that app to !
Yesterday's trip to Keeneland racetrack was rewarding. Also had time to visit my ADAMS ancestors at historic Lexington, KY.
Agree! 288 makes Short Pump a hop, skip & jump away!
I hope you had a good time with your sister at the parks. :) Glad I could help you out. x
if i.got embarassed like the boys did i would be pissed off 2
I too have been feeling... merrrrrrrr
Heat playing that D!
but yes good idea!!
How is everybody? Are we doing good?
SO HILARIOUS
I feel like I need to start a packing list.
Half-Time Rec in St. Paul, MN all weekend !! Friday and Saturday double wham-bam !
We're here
I would be into this, for Ann Arbor, MI .
Did not have that experience at Oranger / Overwhelming Colorfast last night. Everyone sounded better than ever.
About to see one of the freshman XXL up coming artist perform
ok too much wonk for me on such a nice day. I'm going to the roof deck to curl up with a nice bottle of prosecco!
you too! Have a great weekend.
I landed on it really hard :'( lmao its w.e it just hurts when I sit on it -.-
First I did something I never thought I would do, I hurt myself physically to take the pain away
I'll try for more Hawaii news. Though that's no guarantee.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I didn't know who Austin was. I was such a foolish child.
Could use a trip to , colors will be changing soon, and some great beards made history there.
RT : Anyone know someone who wants a fish tank? 58gal with black oak stand/light plus Ehiem canister filter, gravel. ~$300
had a wonderful #6v81 discussion on twitter and face to face abt social capital, thanks to and Tom and students.
I screamed thug life then emptied the clip
I wish I could join you. Maybe we can meet up in DC sometime! :-) I enjoy your MuseumMobile site.
one of the best episodes ever
Cosign. RT : Today = good day
send me pic! Doing any good on the turkeys!
here comes the double play for mcgehee
thank you for following us
i have not. should i?
Thank you so much for the mention! Fun plans this week?
"just a notch in a bed post?" "yea, line in a song, type deal" ...that just happened
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence then success is sure
Omg rj berger is coming
Let us not forget about our Blackhawks
ohh so she had a twitter account?
Heading to a Greek island to lay on the beach all day!
You bet. And same to you!
There's shapes, and colours, and smells, and sounds, but whether you feel it or see it, there's nothing comes close to the human face.
so sorry he came thru again
Nah. Sir Charles wasn't good enough to play for Portland. He was also too healthy.
Mmk well I get off at 7...where do you wanna go?
no wonder I never win any $$$$
that i have, shes pretty tizight
SLEEPING ON AND OFF. ITS ONE OF THOSE NITES! :P
I need to learn how to make sushi, because I crave it just about every day
umw a media mobile?
Come see Dark Shadows scripts!
So it's Ash Wed & I am giving up "Road Rage" for Lent. Big fail on way to work - construction & bad drivers. This is going to be tough...
Rip Steve jobs! He seriously was a great and important leader... It's pretty obvious!
maybe tomorrow night? I'll be back hopefully bc I have a final at 8am on Friday.
There is a lot of talent in that one little song!
ha ha still can't believe how big that was
Time out! The churches in NC got security and Kios machines so you can pay. What??? That shit crae
I am usually laying in warm bed full of bacon bits and I am jewish. Shalom.
Up now: "How To Sell Your Big Ideas"
My prank caller<<or ers right noww. Really cool? If you're guna prank call me do it right
My First KeyNote video will be sent your way. :) God is good!!!
If u r from Jamaica,but live esle where and r financially sable, can u plz do something for ur community..
flying back tomorrow night Tehran time!
I ordered it with a PL mount to get it quicker. The Canon mount is back-ordered, but I'll get that someday too.
Ha! They totally should. Give 'em a nice continental breakfast, and they'll stop foraging for food on the railroad tracks. ;)
Google: Native Client for mobile devices still alive: It may look like Google ditched a project to bring its native-programming techn...
This car shopping has made me realize how close to auditioning it is. Looking for something unique, if it isnt yours, it's nothing personal.
When you feel depressed and feel like you cant do anything right, just remember this...you were once the fastest sperm :)
no you're just lazy!
Inventing the question mark.
Off to pick up my kids. Yay, working lights & no potholes between here & school. Thankgoodness for taxes
Lakers step up your game! Get on our level!
To find the rainbow in every storm ya gotta believe
btw i'm finally watching arrested development guys. #5yearslate?
You guys doing the museum thing tonight?
Just took a camera in for a sensor cleaning. Crazy that in nearly 10 years I've been a digital photographer I've never had to do that before
One week to go for the Early Bird rate don't miss out on the savings.
The team at its worst needs to start doing well enough to keep things alive for the team at its best when it gets here.
Enjoy Life, Give Joy, and Be at Peace!
I've been to two Suns games this weekend and I can say with absolute certainty Ced Ceballos is THE MAN.
I literally caught the last metro. Waiting in chinatown for slackers
lol ha just here at work what are you doing??
Much appreciation for your help, Kristi!
using technology just to be contemporary isn't reason enough
He has done it.
I have just been invited on the best date ever: eat pizza, watch movies, and distract the kitten while the boy works? I'm IN.
RT : "Winning your Brand" today at 1pm moderated by w/ our owner, Jennifer Shea,...
$8 in gas, $4 parking, 1.5 hrs in time; and #southwest refuses to repair my bag, even though in LV they said they would. Thanks!
Thank you Lord for today...
!? *bangs head on desk*
Great speech!
We are excited to start the BuyBobNow New Membership Campaign tomorrow 8/9. We're finalizing for morning deployment. Are you on our list?
God your an ass
Celtics had that Metamucil before the game. All spry
Went over the album w/ & I hope yall ready, if not! OH Well!! S/O to
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.
I like your top 3 too!
...or . I think needs to investigate the use of Hermione's time-turner.
Hottie Mark Wahlberg's home is on the market. It's only $14 million. It has a gym where he trained for The Fighter.
I KNOW!!
Sign of a new ICONiac- They have no idea what the #PlaidPartyBus was ;)
it better been worth it than
oh and just in case, take your iPod charging cable with you, I might need it lol
any idea when BB Dakota will be back on?
For the first time, because it failed to give up.
tolerance and no excuse to abuse I feel should be a rule hurting others creates a bad chain reaction of ugly, bad and more abuse end abuses
Odd Future- Oldie ❤
I wonder how Vincent's gonna feel seeing the boyz on stage without him...
I can't make tomorrow's presentation.
HUGE second half tonight...real proud of my boys!
I wasnt here since the beginning from shootusdown but I promise that im gonn be here in till the end no matters what happens!!
Lol, I'm So Serious. . .But Imma Text You. :)
im layin down .bout to go ...why yu up
Pres Taylor Moody going to speak to the crowd.
Hope you guys are have the best day ever!!!
Looking through my cookbooks for good recipes using lots of vegetables. Let me know if you have a favorite.
I seen a rainbow... Actually, this morning
What did you eat?
do you have stock in Chipotle?!
Just my opinion.
Thank you for the information and the great seminar today.
Thanks for following! Hopefully we will work together in the future :)
I did... That's why I called...
Dear Mavs, please stop LOSING!
SUPER BOWL PICK: New York Giants +3- Final Score Giants 38 Patriots 27
awesome , what r u doing luvie?
Most excited I've ever been for winter. Bring on ski season! Cold temps and snow coming!
Eh, you know better than to worry about that! Do what you want.
Don't buy into the world's definition of love & romance. Make it a 1 Corinthians 13, Ephesians 5:3 kind of day, & the next 364.
Why am I still awake.
it's been so long since i've seen james baker that he now looks like james baker in old guy makeup :(
#eltonjohn is rockin a purple sequined coat. Sparkles abound!
So..sigh...I have a new Twitter acct. Smh. This one will be gone pretty soon. Come follow ur girl ! RT
I wanna snuggle
Even Tho I Say I Hate Her And Argue With Her. I Miss Her, She Was My FIRST REAL Best Friend . No One Can Bring The Past Back.
Psychology plays a significant role in the music business as well
and let's take this convo off twitter perhaps??
OMG. The conversation these two kids of mine are having. LMAO!!!
Congrats to who was a Random Winner today! You too could be a random winner! All you have to do is tell your friends to follow us
I say AND Scene all the way.
tht would be crazy last opening day no hitter?? bob feller
And it would be fascinating to talk with him over lunch. Next week I'll be in Pauillac while he's in Bordeaux. Bummer.
I'm bout to go crazy!
we have a sub anyway hahaha
yeahh your this granny that goes around hitting people and other things for money
No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut.
Just got the Magic Trackpad. I'm always a little late to the party but I eventually get there. Always love Apple packaging
HIt the gym tonight for the first time in months. Built up quite a sweat! 24 Hour in Pacific Beach needs more fans!
Work is so fucking busy! D:
LOL i like that
When you get there tell RR to get #Weeks out of the leadoff spot.
I can't control the way i'm moving hips Bet you never ever seen me like this I'm a monster on the floor I can't quit
DPLA will foist BBQ upon you
I think if I punched you just once in the face, I'd feel a lot better.
Can I kick it?
Working... checking this cool site out!!
LA is in patented start strong fade late win game mode. GO LA!!!!
HURRY IN FOR OUR 40% OFF SALE!!!!!!
I looked good for nothing! Hahaha.
who do you go to cherokee with
Final 4 - OSU, TX, Kansas, Pitt
Ugh after a two week vacation im not ready for this 0430 workday
...or I'll call my girlfriend if she's not sick or already there.
Peach cobbler!!!!!!!
Good morning metal heads! We've been working on a cover song for your listening pleasure. which one you ask? Come to our next show to see\m/
The rap video was not illegal. A couple of the people in the video were arrested for a shooting.
rush hour* and nothing shakin in my direction lol
Impossible situations can become possible miracles. -Robert H. Schuller
thanks for the #FF!
Just because is over doesn't mean takes a break! Congrats participants for raising $69,620!
I like it <3
heck yeah dude. Finally someone gets it
U need a scorecard that measures temperament and ability to actually get things done. That would show some big differences.
Oh good! So just chill today and take touristy pictures :) Hope it doesn't rain lol
Are you ready? Tomorrow, something really amazing is coming your way. :)
happy til 7pm bud light pint specials all night! 2 for 1 burgers, 2 hours til kickoff! see you here
well I'm too busy giving speeches to my class. So if you're still swimming at like 11 lemme know and I'll be there!
get on Skype.
HUNTER:D
We welcome ALL students. Registration is NOT limited to students @ HBCUs. RT Can any student attend the conference?
: Thomas Jefferson tryed to end slavery in the Declaration of Independence - it was cut. i knew i hated tracked changes.
single release Party Friday for hit single "it ain't nothin" .ft
What's more, federal agency asking us to provide the same services proposed for 30% less than the proposed budget.
Come by
Just ordered a 12 pack of tacos at taco bell! Ate the entire thing!
CRAFTY DEAL: Natty Paint (booth 27) offering 1 silkscreened tee for $24, 2 for $40. Mention this tweet!
Win a 4 hour cruise on the Schooner Mallory Todd in Seattle. The tickets are $20 to support Sailing Heritage Society; Call 206-381-6919
I love so freaking much!!! Their music makes me so happy :) <3
! Looking forward to an amazing game run tomorrow morning! How do u keep poachers from getting the intel?
He's getting grilled because he's restricting the transfer at all. Bilas, Mike & Mike, etc. are saying xfr should be 100% free.
Bill Haley, "Rock Around the Clock" -- 45 rpm vinyl. Don't remember what was on the flip side.
during finals.. is my last week of school, -____-
I was about to give Ty Lawson shit for those orange shoes he keeps wearing - but if he keeps playing like this -keep wearing them...
Hello to all
RT : Maurice Sendak, author of "Where the Wild Things Are," 1928-2012, RIP.
Information overload #dsum12 how to cut through noise
A lot of what are hearing is definitely not hiphop. Starship is an MCHammer move. It doesn't even smell like hiphop.
i know hun i havent really been around...
I can already smell the weird.
yeah. I'm over it. I'll fuck that bitch
thanks !! follow her too ! (:
great meeting u and the fam! We can break bread with u anytime :) see u soon!
for the follow and support Liz keep cheering for you favs on TC check out
Brian plays Violin, wants to learn Cello, likes 1D, his favorite song is Moments, & we like the same stuff. He's my future husband, omfg.
This morning workout is awesome!!!! Jump rope, military jumping jacks, hi-knees, burpees and mountain climbers with a few lunges thrown...
"These are complicated times..." ---Ways to get out of a speeding ticket.
cool, let's rap later.
- me talking bout Tim should not effect nobody ( : * cough cough , Ryan *.
My first #milwaukee #stpatricksdayparade !!
gobbleygooker doesn't count as "he" never had a match. But that was a LAME Thanksgiving surprise they served up in 1990
yyeesss we are :D
Keep on keepin' on.
Zander: *On the phone with Tiffany<3* Yea, Just go to the big light. Me: NO! *Grabs phone* DON'T GO TO THE LIGHT! *gives phone back* okay.
What would it feel like to have a really HAPPY new year of business where you are in the zone, making a difference w smile on ur face?
thanks giving ? mhmm. well i was soo excited to pig out but i wasn't hungry :(
Dont worry:))) im sure you will sometimmee!
Time for bed. Happy snoozing everybody. 🌙💤
about what
Wow, that was great! Almost too much to know but lots of good ideas. Moogle is cool! (but I don't want two gradebooks)
RT It's always nice to see my buddies at still getting the love: bit.ly/oFhvVr via <TYJames & Reggie^M>
yay!!! Let us know.
nice way to put hands to gracie.
Girl u better get up outta there
#thatawkwardmomentwhen someone asks you if you just got out of the shower because 'your hair looks wet'
Why would U expect 2 represent Washoe when he wouldn't talk 2 a constituent who had a had a bill in the #nvleg?
Her: I can't use your name for my paper only your age, ethnicity & gender. Me: Just use a well-versed Latino stud that says it all. What?
Finished listening to the 'Ferran' audiobook last night. Takeaway: much of creativity is really just trying everything + keeping good notes.
And now to bath time. Question is, how much time will elapse between bath time and bed time?
Sold a whole lot of books today.
Congratulations, Ted! Has it really been 19 years that you've been staring back at me?!? Here's to many more!
I see I have 982 followers. I am handing out a free PDF to my 1,000th follower!
you better feel my anger...yo behind was going to leave me without a goodbye or nothing hmf!
I always have so much work to do after the kids go to bed. preparing them for bed is half the work.
thank you for reading. hope you were able to take something good away from the experience!
We r located around the corner from CalExpo! Bring in your bib from the #race4thecure and we'll give u 10% off!
he thinks so, too...
I am watching Fashion Star !!! The Finale. Cara the blonde hair chica is really a leader not a follower.very modern very avant guardish
Ready to get this day poppin
although genital warts is not the most pleasant topic to be researching
You got that right.
Some live updates from the gentlemen next to us in the nosebleed section at the Knicks game: "There is no traveling in the NBA"
We're baking little mini muffins and will pack them in containers of two flavors. What two flavors do you think to together?
happy mothers day to my amazing wife and mother!
Thanks for the kind words! We're working on a new album right now that you're sure to love.
So stoked...about to walk in to Death and Company!!!
Finished reading the first book of the fallen series and the first book of the hunger games now I'm on to book two of the fallen series :)
Congrats on the funding-that's really exciting!
Money over everything
I tried to follow u, but twitter won't let me! Hope I didn't do something to offend u!!
"I Dont want her cause she from the corner and i heard that beamer was a loaner".
somebody went that hard at you? Fuuuck
Those pods are actually maxing out on seats - when that happens no new connections will workuntil someone logs off.
thank you! :)
Don't worry, GT Parking will help you find your with a bright yellow envelope!
DAD Victories! Mom moved to Florida with the kids following a guy she met on the Internet, Dad sued, Judge ordered mom to return to Texas!
They were but never been a fan of wearing two teams at once.
REALLY!? Three Snow White movies in the first half of a year....fucking ridiculous
Happy 20th Birthday, Taylor today!
Nice work Broncos...way to take the home opener W
Happy mothers day
cry whenever Niall sings his solo in More Than This. Please, lets take a second and appreciate how beautiful his voice is. <3
Just watched for the first time. Coincidentally, it was a show about grinding your own burgers and making a perfect pub burger.
RT : American Idol is the Comic Sans of music: popular, but no one is entirely sure why
i didnt even go! What r u doing tmw? Im off
Are my dates tax deductible now? NO, REALLY. ARE THEY?
"Y'ALL" ? and go ahead i don't care
Stop by the Metuchen Library Book Sale tomorrow and pick up some good books at GREAT prices! Perfect for winter reading or gifts. Oct 15 9AM
Shaq saying bynum should get more touches...this sounds familiar... Shaq/kobe fued part II
Hooray! Looking forward to it!
I miss you too girl!
t(-_-t) Fuck All Of You
A great assistant coach is only valuable when they make the commitment to the kids
Y the hell am i tweetn like i aint BLACK lol
#nothingfeelsbetterthan bring free of everything.
We have followed!!
Wayy too much drinking last night! Cant say no to the birthday girl... now I can't get out of bed! 😔😲
I act like I'm okay at school but i'm really not...</3
Just tapped Pike Post Alley Porter
Thank you - and you're most welcome for us following. Glad to be in touch with you!
Fashion gives me wings
don't get cocky or I'll name Shannon as my fave
If Sarah Palin decided to record an album,someone would make it happen.It's really sad!
We are helping Veterans
How about a stocking stuffer for the homeowner on your list that will save them a fortune on home repairs and improvements. Sound good?
Yeah in Westbrook I miss that!
you are a brave woman!
": When practice is easy I'm pretty sure everyone's in a better mood.."
I feel acomplished
Why is twitter so bi-polar?
Hey bday Diva not feeling well but I'm truly going 2 make a huge effort 2 party w/u. Don't want 2 miss it. Hey
like, don't tell people you're in the same place...then randomly leave...and reapear in her screan! XD
of course some of them will, if they didn't, they would have no chance on any NT, much less his...
Glad to see I'm not the only one awake on this average Saturday morning.
share the herb
Anyone like pop punk anymore? The real kind?
Hey Twitter, I'm eating vanilla ice cream with sea-salted almonds, and it's delicious.
Christmas in April: Mary and Louis Holley - Washington Post
I need to go to bet. NOT TIRED,
Marty B broke his collarbone, out indefinitely:( poor marty!
I think you both should come to Milwaukee for a game.
I have listened to the whole way to New Orleans. This guy is a
#ASHAMED #MAJOR FACE PALM
Thank U
I may be a Nice guy who cares about life school and video games But I'm not weak minded alright Females really do push me too my limits!
is suffering from insomnia.. Please help
"To hell with them fellas. Buzzards gotta eat, same as worms.". Josey MF Wales
I somehow lost like a third of my followers.(thats only like 22 people). And i wonder,"am i that offensive? I must b doing sumthin right!
#IfAfricansHadARealityShow WATERMELONS!!! WATERMELON SHOW!!! ITS NOT RACIST BECAUSE IM HALF-BLACK (KATT WILLIAMS HALF)
Best day at work ever... We're bullshittin' & still getting paid for 10 hours l0l
ugh. Ghost is so dull.
"Call Me Maybe" pandora station surprisingly good.
~loca lol let me know when u come out here so we can chill
A spilled purse when things are already not going right is the worst!
has landed. Thanks to all the journalists in Denmark for such an inspiring workshop, I hope we can do it again soon!
Follow the beautiful for bookings contact | &
Steve Perry is another singer whose vocals can't be duplicated.
"I'm scared of the internet."-Jennifer Lawrence
RT : it was best 4 months ever, no matter which program it is, study abroad will be the best experience & youre...
Lol So Many White Girls There Vadie Describe Here Better Lol QT : what was Dat white girl name from hillwood
Thank you for the #shoutout!
You gonna be in school tomorrow.?
Kinect was advertised on the YouTube homepage, plus on Disney's and Nickelodeon's digital publications.
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot
Feng Shuiii for 2012. Tangerine for Year of the Water Dragon! Oh...
Sittin at work ready to go Sunday is boring
A true gentleman should never take advantage of any lady.♥
What up cool kids?!? :3
the infamous A320 barking dog. Apparently it's a hydraulic pump.
Friend me on FB: Coach Gary Smith
My #Delicious world is coming to an end. So sad...
I miss talking to you girl!!!
Thanks so much for your RT John - hope all is great with you!
Just saw a sign that said "Dangerous Dog". Why have that? You think the dog isn't going to attack you simply because you feed it?
I dont know if you guys know, but we are
The instructions for filling out Form 1040, which took up two pages 75 years ago, are 179 pages long this year. Insane!
the state of Maryland needs a better power company than
H didn't want 2 eat this morning. Complaining a lot of her stomach hurting. Hate not knowing what it is.
not you too...
hi! Normal reply today.
How many innings will Doc Halladay throw tonight? I'm hoping for a complete game!
Did you run her and her love of fried things out of town?!?
Good Morning #Seattle!! Happy #ThirstyThursday!! Who's ready for the weekend to start already!!
On da east getting high
these boots are made for walkin' and thats just what they will do
Happy anniversary :) Thanks for being so awesome!!
Failure won't ever overtake me if my determination to achieve success is strong enough.
Fantastic! has impeccable taste when it comes to Scottsdale accommodations :)
Happy Pi day, everybody!
Done with work. Time for some food!!!
Berggren tries to disrupt the pass but it gets by him. Payne slams home, two-handed. 39-27 #Spartans over
Today is International Women's Day! Who are the most important women in your life?
Good Day! Hope you are having a great one😃
do tell
so everyone's mad that miranda supposedly turned niall down, but i bet you'd all be just as mad if she said yes.... js
PHI OVER 7 is a winner also CIN ML is looking very nice
The 100th anniversary of Titanic's sinking is this April, and we've got lots planned. Details to come!
I am proud of my 1500 followers... they are all real people that have something good to say! NO ROBOTS!!! God Bless you all and thanks!
Maybe you don't need the whole world to love you. Maybe you just need one person.
and this late... I'm bout to go accept penny's friend request!
that's exactly how I picture it... give or take the spandex.
ohh yeah. what's even stranger though is lil wayne doing a rap on their new album o_0
How much you want to bet Bon Jovi has everyone in that suite in stitches by humming "Livin' on a Prayer" every time Tebow touches the ball?
Okay my work got me so much stuff for my birthday. I love you guys, thanks for the card. It touched my heart.
The suspense at the MUSE Awards is killing me
That doesn't actually look like a redirect. Just saying!
With a hooker? What's with the stack? :-p
I already follow her... is something wrong here or
What to wear. I want a tank.
Yeah she some heat = )
I also enjoyed "Awake" on NBC! Did "Parks & Recreation" get Picked up for a Fifth Season on NBC?
Born Again Faggot = getting your hair done.
Athens is so close I can taste it, and it tastes like mango bombs
timeline? i hate it. let's revolt lol
Should NM aim for the Solar Decathlon to bring everyone together + raise our profile?
enjoy that time! It's fleeting and so sweet!
yeah your little red headed fire crotchrocket... Just kidding man it hurt like a bitch though
Great Easter Sunday in Afghanistan. Dinner at the DFAC was ok, but I need them to work on those sweet potatoes. They were pretty bad. :-/
there's a gym in my condo, errmorning workout baby
Happy Nurses Week!
dumb hoe I texted you 2x last time and did I get a respond? No!! And nope im at work till 1a... Are you?
oh aye, we're gonna need a bigger boat.
Wake up, 38 degrees. Tomorrow, 70 degrees.
Heading to OSSPEAC tomorrow thru Tues - ASHA in November - Clark County (NV) vendor fair in Dec
shooting habitat video today! Thanks Catral Doyle Creative, stay tuned
Twitter can also be useful before, during, and after a conference, when following via the conference hashtag.
Rudnitsky holds to take a 6-5 third-set lead over Markel. Four-point swing in the team standings on the line in this match.
why did #Yelp put my small business on the hit list? Why does YELP filter out EVERY REVIEW my business gets?
::::Nobody can replace Me simple as that#Not Cocky at all:-)
i cant find it the sheet of paper with instructions..great >.<
hey what up anna :)
New C.K.S.C. logo embroidered Polo shirts coming soon! $35. Pre-order yours today!
Iv hit the wall now
duel race today at daytona!!! hope kevin win and grab the number 3 spot :)
Everyday I wake up I want a different bitch
Auto-pilot mode: ON
When you see jake fulton look-a-likes and you call them cute.... You are technically calling him cute...
This Hunger Games CD>>>
It is not the years in your life but the life in your years that counts. - Adlai Stevenson
The DeWitt Law Firm - Orlando Divorce Attorneys recently published an article regarding divorce in a down economy on Divorce.com
A smile from Buck.. "Yea that was fun"
U get the beet of both worlds.
Thanks for the "likes" fans! Have a great weekend!
FUN. WED, JUNE 13 @ DELUXE AT OLD NATIONAL CENTRE. TIX ON SALE FRI, MAR 2 @ NOON : Where and when will Fun be playing?
non-places
you have to be worried tho. Terrible goaltending has cast scary shadow. Go rest of the field. Please.
I addicted to the pops
It is really the 'American Dream' bastardized--large house w yard/two cars--that induces a feeling of poverty.
I am too bored to check my timeline.
Sweet baby Jesus
have a good trip back to Bmore. Looking forward to catching up.
I Need help naming the album! Everybody send me your tweet..should it be 'Authenticity' or 'Unworthy Me'.
I'm really sorry to hear that! I'm also sending both of you good thoughts!!
feel sick
could you tweet a nip slip please???
LOLL it was brilliant. I like this quote even better.
iTell you that you smell so sweet, then you get on top of me...
Yep! RT : Is Facebook turning into Myspace?
I heard the fireworks going off. Did the Padres win? I was surprised I could hear them. Used to live in Pt. Loma... cld see SeaWld fireworks
This just in: 12 piece assorted gift boxes from Swedish chocolatier Fika Choklad.
RT : Getting pumped for our performance on tonight!
girl I don't listen to that music anymore..much as I used to love Trey Songs' music..I listen to stuff that glorifies my Maker.
good morn. :) yeah it's coming. Just been home in mich and not online. I tried to make it worth the wait though. Lol
#FF Smart, cool people doing smart, cool things: and
How long can you stay in the bad part of the Internet before BECOMING the bad part of the Internet?
Turbo kick time!
whats up? i haven't talked with you in like forevezz
Lolol it's fine. :p Thank you!! :)
Nigga, who are you.
Enjoy some of our new tunes on this gray Saturday night!
writing a song wbu
#backintheday when Boss jeans were hot!
Happy Birthday bbyboy <3 <3 Hope to see you again soon ;-***
The Daytona 500 might be rain delayed for a few days, but when it happens will win it
Easter: The day Jesus slapped YOLO in the face -- Sheraz Ali ()
Thx for the #ff You're the best!
Have you noticed the change to the LinkedIn groups? You can now "view stats", and look for group members at a specific seniority level wit…
The Franklin Institute
me just joking I miss you too thou
Is there any meetup/tweetup in Hawaii?
“: its totaly okay i understand.(: ad sadly no i wish i was.:(” aw, bummer. I'll have someone film it though
Each Positive Tomorrows student has a volunteer tutor to mentor them and help with school work! If you want to be a tutor, let us know!
And here comes the sinus trouble :/ Time for another round of Dillen's Home Remedies.
#Omg I really #need to get #cable. #ENDOF STORY Cereal Bowles
you wont regret that..easily the best wings in pdx!
S/O to my new followers!!! Moreeople to eat me now!
good afternoon STRANGER!
RT #follow my music blog
“ “ Sexual Frustration <””
Wow, Roy got the clown suit. Good job by Self.
: have you read Highway Robbery
Think Romney might be too soft for GOP voters this year. Think Gingrich might have too much baggage for general election voters. Crazy.
Jorge Posada is one of the few hitters in MLB who doesn't wear batting gloves. His secret to keeping his hands tough? He urinates on them.
that's sup
Nobody, as long as he moves about among the chaotic currents of life, is without trouble.
its bosh's fault for being a sissy
roommate jammin to MY music
Submitted book chapter draft to editors. Hope they don't tear it apart too much.
my mom just mailed you a check but address is 718 Holland Heights NOT 715 as listed when you mail it out. Sorry about that!
Thank you! Happy Easter to you, too! And congraddies!
yeah, but I'm saying even next week we will not know who ends up dying & not coming back next season. I highly doubt it's Derek
This just in the so called experts predicting "rapture" today r nothing more than the work of devil trying to make real christians look dumb
hope this works because i am #testingtwog number 3
I can't wait for Christmas. What other time of the year can you sit around a dead tree and eat candy out of socks?
Days like these <
I date.... I just don't date every girl I see lol
Oh yeah ! Ok, so if you come to Disney at some point...we must meet up! I would LOVE that!
Not planning on it, and love you, too! I'll be back at school Monday and I'm on meds now.
there ya go Ollie.......they got one for ya!!!!
Do you know that our soul is composed of harmony? -Leonardo DaVinci
And this is why we are friends.
Good luck to Towson women's lax this weekend against Penn State.
At the most amazing 3 day writing workshop! I feel like such a productive adult right now! Well that & every1 is approx 20 yrs older than me
Time flyin dumb fast today.. its already 1pm -____-
You shooting the rap video? I'm in.
it will not turn until safe districts are made more competitive. My rant.
looking forward to your comic!
Your welcome. It just changed.
A few keepers and a lot of stinkers at the Park Ave Armory show last night
Thanks for the follow. Party on, Pittsburgh!
Q3) the willingness of stakeholders to break from tradition and the ADDIE model :-) lol
And even later in 1st half Dan knapp receives a gift on a blocked kick and takes it in for a try. Conversion good. Score 13-8.
you're a good hippie then!!! I still don't know why you're a hippie haha
So im sitting here with a beach view enjoying the life that god gave me, the ocean air is amazin........my mom and alriel are knocked out...
Something simple: fuck that
best veggies to throw on the grill for dinner tonight...with chix
I would sleep under the stars with you.
cool video!!!!
LOL at this guy giving me attitude at Kessler & Sons. Bitch I'm just trying to get my instrument fixed, get the fuck out!
epic win? hows the football thing going?
The day goes so much better when you have enough sleep!
Cast of Bridesmaids is looking hot. Hope they get some photos in now before the Scorsese drinking game gets to them.
« damn rite»
you rock my world thanks for helping a sista out!
I've been yelling at the TV all night. Don't think my LA neighbors appreciate #Bulls / #Blackhawks fans
There is a statute of limitations. Or rather, the opposite of. You cannot root for that person until one entire year has passed. F this.
"Pie & Coffee" tonight from 8-9!
Going to watch the movie , the killer , let's see
Another day of fielding questions and fueling speculation...oh joy! Excited for the opportunity that is presenting itself either way.
I'll be planning your gift!
Did you see our dog getting blueberry facial from ? RT : Loving it!!
o my god i love tht song
R.I.P Ryan Dunn
RT : As long as you keep a person down a part of you has to be down there too it means you cannot soar as you otherwise might.
The person who started the TT - #provably should PROBABLY go back to grade school smh
You're forgetting that Theo made the decision to abandon the team and a contract, then screw them with "compensation."
#ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies Stand in long ass lines because the white family taking too long to order some damn popcorn.
FC Dallas organized in the back close down an opportunity
Also there's a rumor will be in Springfield the ninth. Can anyone confirm this?
I've actually thought about that. It was an isolated incident, but I still think about it.
went to the magic castle. old lady clearly looked down to me as an obvious "guest passer."
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card teams that need to win immediately Kobe is only getting older!!
you just jealous cause I am tan AF (;
Your tweet makes me sad.
I correct ppl with their english just to annoy thm and thn I realize how annoying it really is when my bestie corrects my pronunciation<3
Church was..... Rather interesting.
I saw you look away Is what you've seen too much to take Or are you blind and seeing nothing?
Love when you waited for so long, and you were there for them through everything, they leave... cool
Puddle of Mudd tomorrow night at Bogart's. Show is almost sold out only a handful of tickets still available.
well good thing you didn't! 😉you need to make a statement that women aren't just good looks, they have brains too!
Have events that you want highlighted on the #Carmel Daily? Message us the info!
Took a 3 hour nap... Guess I should prepare to be up all night...
pretty cool...right?
Happy birthday HUN :)
oh, it's NBC Sports. Never heard of that channel. But I don't have it.
Our bus has seatbelts... New safety cx
Why'd the Grizzlies and Clippers have to face each other in the first round? Bump the Lakers and give us Thunder/Grizz in Round 2!
power just went out
Valerie Cassel Oliver and will give a talk at the official opening of #CinemaRemixed&Reloaded as part of the #HAVBiennial on...
And now for Overtime
Tempted to take a cooking class. Wondering if Andy would come too.
Headache from hell
Thanks for the share! xo
you only like them for them looks and btw the "carrots" thing is so last year hun.
MTV posted on their website about that casting but there was another email address so I re-sent my info to that one!
thank you for following us on the cloudy Friday in Atlanta.
thanks! Hope you a fantastic thanksgiving!
Any seeming deception in a statement is costly, not only in the expense of the advertising but in the detrimental effect produced upon the …
That's why he be on the pirates you know cuz he spend 30 racks in zumiez
Journalism, you're doing it wrong. “: Can you call KIRO please 728 8308”
Excited For New Jonas Album 38
haha lucky you
I asked if she had lotion and she looked at me like what did you just ask me
Housing finance changes likely to mean less government backing for some buyers
thanks for the #FF mention :)
"They say you aint Grinding until you Tired ... So I'm Grinding with my eyes WIDE !" - Lil Wayne ..
i can't tell
is it true is getting fined?
Thank you for your comment/opinion!!
dont be a clown like me
Sunday brunch party @ 3pm today at Diva!
has the biggest heart ever <3 love you xo
eli needs to get it together
#LakeShow all day
You gotta really love your man to ride on the back of his motorcycle from LA to the Bay!
The stoner Qwikster kid is apparently giving Netflix movie recs now, and they're the shyt:
Keep me posted
This audience is dead!!!!!!
that doest sound very rock n roll ;)
#FF Thanks for a funny week, guys. We!
follow back ? Pweeeeaasee !
when someone says "look but don't make it obvious" and you turn your head right away..you're giving it away
Goodnight everybody love you all 💙💜💗💚❤
FRESH NEW START!! GOIN NEW PLACES MEETING NEW FREINDS!!! OUT WIT THE OLD IN WITH THE NEW!!
Credit Enters a Lockdown :
IMHO it is. Goes back to why PD, why now? Was she scared her dx would impact her brand?
Game time thought. I am pissed that I not only went to that Opening Day travesty, but also did not get a schedule pen!
Its been a long time i haven't tweeted!!
Good morning!
Pig & Fiddle. starving after escaping the mall - beer was great, dinner ok. Other patrons are loud & flirty mid-life crises.
Ur opponents assume u can only b 1 thing, that u are only capable of degenerate methods, until u switch the game up & they all wondering...
are you both of Texan stock? So much Texas in DH. It's like marching band members out here
lol u right its a different world in cali, his convo was just outta control lol
First time on twitter in a while; using my new iPhone 4s. Love this thing.
nice pic. I see you stopped following me. Lol. What I do?
will pass it along and glad to check it out! Thanks for posting!
of course you are free to your opinion, but it is very revealing. No further comments from me on it, sis.
Current residents get first dibs...so talk to management today to get set up for next year!
Pokemon > anything else
"If it screams, it's not food... yet."
he stole home, hence making it one of the dumbest HBP ever. good thing the Phils scored more run or it would have been dumb
I heard Squeeze on Rokkus the other day and it made me think 1) I love Squeeze 2) Next time they come to SF no way I'm not seeing them
Canceling your Friday night plans with your boyfriend to work on your thesis makes for a really shitty start to the weekend.
thank you!
GOOD MORNING WARRIORS!!!!
Bout to get off. I hate my job
Love it! Wayne is on top of every animal issue! We do have a duty to treat animals well!
Going through my American life as though California didn't exist.
You know you're in love when you don't want to fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
jeez - seems like the mariner held serve in like 2 seconds.
Now or ever, Landon wins. It's irrelevant. RT : hey, help me out is the #LDvCD discussion about now or ever??
In Richmond today; just checked out the #HistoryMobile -- pretty cool!
I know that God thought of me, when he made him.
Today is ma born day but err one needs to be at ma TAURUS BIRTHDAY BASH.......THIS SATURDAY @ 425 RIVER ST `CLUB PLATINUM rochster ny
yes I do....y did u go home early in art today???
It's a beautiful day for a soccer game. At the Moten vs. Burrville game
Worth noting to all the people who were worried about Jim Berkland's prediction that it didn't come true ... WHAT COULD THIS MEAN?!
Don't totally agree w/ whistle blowers but I think the lengths the gvrnmt is going 2 stop them certainly raises red flags
This xtra long home room can go fuck itself
I'm done
If all our followers retweeted this and got somebody else to follow us, that would make me a happy kitty.
Hallucinogens wanted LSD in LA dealers message me
Out recruiting. RT “: so you wore a Giants jersey to ATL when they aren't even playing?? #badform”
u so should then add me :)
What "ouch"? I LOVE clipart!!!
It's confusing. Praying for you to make the best decision possible for you.
Haven't been tweeting as much about
why yes, you may. we'll send you some via parachute. cc:
How Are All My Favorite Ppl Doin!!! (:
Whoa. From 2011 to 2012, author submissions to the WI Book Fest almost doubled. We're amazed. (And can't wait to start reading...)
T2: Perhaps the type of data ACOs share with HIEs will be less/different than what they collect/analyze.
Check out Events www.whatsfunnylive.com
Driving to Ocala .. Missing cinco de mayo.. Lame.. But I'll make up for it lol
Well, sadly, we hadn't launched yet... But so glad to know you are not lonely anymore!!! ;) (But tell your single friends!!)
I'd give up Qdoba, wait that would be easy. I've give up Chipotle to
Lori, this is the most creative way we have ever seen people wear a funders and founders t-shirt. You are a real trendsetter
Thanks for the shout out. Have a great day
"I imagine that yes is the only living thing." - E. E. Cummings
you would make my day if u tweeted me :)
All theses bandwagon nd dumb heat fans are funny af but owell it is what it is lol
RT "True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future."
#oomf better come see me sometime soon or else...
Thank You :)
Happy 21st Birthday T Force!
About to cut some FIBs.
RT : Sorry bt Drakes version of "Fall for Your Type" is so much stronger! Come on Jamie F., I expected mor.....
"Oil Can Boyd could take a shower in a garden hose." - Bill Spaceman Lee
okay. but enough with the milkshake baby ... LEMME HEAR YO' VOICE. sing <3
Welp, that's it for S5. Frankly, I wanted more. BUT, at least CB are finally reunited, D is villainous, Serena is a skank.
See you soon! RT : Do get to see play tonight #fireworks and postgame
I am exhausted
Thanks to everyone who visited our booth at #HIMSS12 ! We look forward to continuing the conversation!
that must also mean you don't yet follow ?
It's like highschool between my Facebook and twitter. Neither will speak to each other and I'm in the middle
Arrgh, I'm so frustrated. First, I have to write this tax check, now this extra bs! Unfair. I want a Cinnabon.
#AskBieber #mtvnews What inspired you for believe.. what inspires you in general?
put on some clothes
it depends where ppl r living too if I was from mid west I would rip on nasty red necks lmao
I responded to the Morris incident by buying $20 worth of G.S. cookies immediately. Digital literacy is more lasting.
You always subtweet . Why can't I
he says, "Justin Bieber has my hair." :-)
I had to sell my halo to Cash4Gold, So I blame the economy for my attitude....
I will pray for you
for real Pan Dulce. I just bought two today. If I win, I'll give you a million.
It's certainly worth making an effort! Of course having sunny weather sure doesn't hurt!
damn. I thought y'all would been there by now
Hey Tom Tiffy here :) I hope u are having a gr8 day so far! Much <3 always. P.S Please come to Buffalo Ny soon ok.
My goodness. And now we've lost Donna Summer to cancer. So sad!
All my shows having their season finales means I'm that much closer to buying them on DVD so I can watch what I've missed.
DM me & will send u a promo code to my game...it's fun!! You won't be bored!!
David Stern forced by owners 2 block is Collusion, a lawsuit coming, CP3 can opt out & still go to L.A. w/hornets gett'n nothing.
TGIF!!! It's supposed to b 80 degrees this weekend!!!
You too? lol
i am reaching out to want to talk to whoever owns that radio station. can you have them contact me please?
Happy birthday Danny helms!🎉🎁🎈
im Quitting ;)
Dance Moms, really? Reality shows have me almost convinced that there is nothing redeemable about human beings.
Season's Tweetings: Some people look good in a Santa hat. Notice the word “you” is not in that sentence.
Glad you enjoyed it! RT : Thank you -a fabulous evening at Riverbend with #XU Alumni and the Pops
What It Is Miss Mykie,Love Ya Work Baby Gurl...Keep Dewin Ya Thang
Good Morning Utah! It's going to be a Fantastic Day!
yoou just have to keep trying and never give up xo
Im bored as fuck
Linkin Park on iTunes festival today-- sweet!
YO #UMW. Sammy D. Eagle will be bopping around campus collecting donations for Relay for Life, make sure you stop and give him a dime or 2!
Nice! I erred in the other direction. Had to buy a black t-shirt to replace my tux shirt so I could be in all black.
Thank you all so much
Ricky wants to be a good influence to me all of a sudden lol
Can you get my mom to FaceTime me?!?!?
twitter is bein stupid right now so goodnight:]
Of course I picked Viola Davis, the pride of Rhode Island.
yea and us beliebers don't 'play' on the god damned club penguin
I did It and I'm doing it everyday ! :) <3
Will our #baltimore councilmembers would promote "5 minute living" and better quality of life? #completestreets & #bikelanes help too!
Man on my flight is a cross between justin timberlake and matthew gray gubler Im in LOVE
I need to start running again...took 5 days off
We had a fantastic live show this morning! Were YOU watching?
umm...you were in Nashville and didn't call me??? :)
Senior Day for Andrew Larkin, Sam Weiss, and Miles Cole. Final round of our 2012 season....
'Abdu'l-Bahá retires for the evening. Tomorrow will attend a meeting of the New York Peace Society. Stay tuned!
One does not simply stay on the internet for just five minutes .
": hi unc how u been" I'm good, chilling wit a blunt! How about u?
Looks like im already done lining up Bands that will play at Jonathan's in Newton weekly. :) Some good cover bands and solo acts.
It's getting kinda dark out there...
POOL TIME!
What's happen twitter world iam back!
RT "What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly." ~ Viola Davis
Yes Meekeeeez......I'm sittin up here getting my plans together now. Haha!ill be there Saturday night. iThink
Do playwriting programs offer course called "Discover Your Ending"? Maybe they should!
Hey yall whats been going on lately
Any of my knoxville peeps that have Verizon, we're giving away a $100 gift card with any upgrade or activation here at #hhgregg clinton hwy
WOOHOO!! RT : Fun photoshoot with Good times can't wait to see the photos! Thank u :)
you are my life! your my superluv! I have been watching ever since fred is dead! you are MY EVERYTHING! your sexy too ;)
at the mall gonna do some #DocterStalker on some really hot guys with Nicole ;)! OHHHYAAA!!!
carlos! u crazy man! wasn't that bad! crickets tasted like sunflower seeds
Buffalo Bills getting serious national love for their draft-
I seem to be having some problems accessing my Tropo-powered apps, and the application debugger. Anything to be concerned about?
sweet Brewers hat!
I salute the inventor of chocolate covered espresso beans.
Time to get out!
Contract seems long, man. I worry about Ersan getting PT, and I feel like this definitely means we have some rooks in the D-Lg
Seeking to interview atlanta area brides (recently married counts) using innovative ways to save on wedding gown. Email:
I will be looking forward to the kazoo solo in STL!
good riddance Viqeens to Los Angeles hello Rams
Hopefully they will take a chance
cooling wut up doe
Contentment is a powerful motivator. Now I want to get ready to make it all happen again next week--tomorrow.
Just got trapped in the elevator and none of the buttons worked and I saw my life flash before me.
Rainy Nights Like This Wish I Cuddled With Someone And Watch A Movie Instead Of Being Cuddled With My Blanket , & In The Dark. <3
I love art I live art
Why do I feel like that guy from 's "Sweet Genius" is going to kill me in my sleep?
Wish my friends would actually support me.
just chill! Be strong in who you are!! Kick 'em to the curb for being too harsh!!
RT : Krystle's being all magical as she taliks to her pumpkin telling him to move
what's wrong with it?
anyone got extra tickets to wango tango? hmu (:
So excited for 80's/90's event at GOLD - Details soon.
he better. "treat yo self two thahsnleven"
holy fuck i just died laughing cause i google imaged Bill Cosby. hahahahahahahaha
The reason people don't change is because people don't let them change.
Okay, seriously? We should bottle that aroma (and use it as a weapon) ... LOL ...
Wish you were on yo way!!
just curious: why are you forgoing page images altogether? couldn't they at least be useful additions?
Here's t boredom!
what can I do to become the 45th person you follow? It would be an honor.
thank you!
MENTION THIS TWEET TO RECEIVE 35% OFF MAKEUP SERVICES THROUGH MONDAY! HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!!!
black people can blush?
GROSS RT : Would you be willing to take an injectable drug to get an instant tan? #Melanotan on
One last exam tomorrow then back to Chicago for break. Always good to go home and see close friends getting weird . . .
my teacher gives us work that she never tought!!
I still can't believe that it is almost February!
for filing payroll taxes of their clients’ employees and, in the process, reduce the amount of burdensome paperwork for small businesses.
Thanks Senate. You're the best.
how's everybody doing today?? pretty hot here in NYC still, gonna stay indoors for sure..
plain Jane
Many of the world's best artists were Italian. Leonardo, Michelangelo, Donatello, Raphael … heroes in a half-shell, TURTLE POWER.
The only thing that gets me through a workout is imaging being REALLY good at karaoke. Or on Broadway.
lost 0.8 pounds since his last weigh-in! He's lost 21.8 pounds so far.
I miss Amsterdam
...age and started thinking in broader terms. He didn't come from old wealth, his family was upper middle class. He realized he...
I don't need anger management. People just need to stop being so stupid
I never realized how badly the projector in this room mangles the picture until watching 's video.
Some love lasts a lifetime. True love lasts forever. BE My Valentine
don't ya think that would be a awesome album cover
Ah....hello Monday..
Have a great game today mate!
Q4 Not willing to move. That's me. Outside of NY=me being unhappy. I really feel for unemployed NYC MLS holders.
u better follow me now lol
What's got 27 new videos in its Hiphop, Soul and Pop channels? The independentvideochannel.com ...Enjoy!
Ah! Why the hell are you making us sit on the floor. -_-
Great to see Jordan Caron having an impact after a couple years of being on the Providence shuttle
Baltimore! What awesome local shows do you know about? Open mics? Let us know! And, thanks again to L.A.C.E. Magazine for the plug!
Just registered for We. So. Excited.
that's nice.
Hey Is your church in Phoenix. Looking a place to send a family
I ball so hard... I tear my
fair enough & was a mustache away from being balboni, too!
Thanks in large part to 's time and diligence, we'll be signing final papers on Friday and homeowners shortly thereafter!
Those people on the "life after meth" posters look pretty successful if thats not a reason to do meth idk what is!
such a busy weekend,i became so tired,i want my Monday off.
it's not enough to imagine! Darn the phone battery, I love your drunken tweets!
Happy birthday !
RIP Christopher Wallace..AKA BIGGIE, AKA B.I.G, AKA BIGGIE SMALLS. YOU DEFINITELY REPRESENT
Xaphoon jones is a genius
Norah Jones is coming to Milwaukee in October. I'm going to see her. I'm going to ask her to marry me. Is she still married? Doesn't matter.
12 and a half days of school left, SUMMER.<3
I hate situations like these and I always happen to go through them
If you don't know who Alex, Robert, Tyler, Zach, Frankie, Dave, Michele, Romo, or Angel are, then please, do not call yourself a Mahomie.
Wishing 6 hours really only meant 6 minutes.
thank you. That's good to know
tell that to her!! Hahaha it was soo funny!
If they can replace the entirety of a woman's breasts in a film digitally, there is a chance this could be photoshopped.
What the fuck was Justin bieber doing at that fight
really? How come? I totally wanted to see it :/ i love Edward Scissorhands as well! Total classic.
heck yea! Lol
I was going to but naah not anymore! Just gonna be like me, mom, sister, gma, Kiona, Randi, and who else knows! :ojfbdxn LOL
RT : How to terrify your cow: Tell her that McDonalds has sold about as many Hamburgers as there are Stars in our Milky Way galaxy
your beast (:!!!! you got justin bieber planking!!!!! lol (: godbless you
Hi Roberta. Any idea when you will be at the expo? It's at a diff location this year.
So tired of school.... And I start college next year... Great... More school...
Never.Give.Up
I see lightning!!!
sucks your not here, man. Think you can make later?
lol I promise if u like m.i.a u should like her.
Thanks for the mention. Keep up the good work. Really informative tweets.
People always tell me that Austin's perfect personality is all just an act. NO IT'S NOT. He actually cares about us & that's why I love him.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power
Yes! That is my problem as well. On our cruise the lady in the spa wanted me to buy something w/out sal. acid but too pricey!
Alright, I think I'm gonna be out in a few.
Gotta hit up my main bitch to get more Drake songs I ain't even heard of .
Police blocked off 15th below G this evening. It was a perfect, traffic free street crossing
Whatever it is that you're doin, do it big and do it good. Extra good like cudi
A #ff shoutout to who finally jumped onto Twitter! Athlete, u of oregon grad and flipping awesome guy!
Feh. If you want something to stay unannounced until things are confirmed, DON'T TELL ANYONE, MARIA.
don't worry, its early in the season, still plenty of time to sign you up for an #ironman too ;) Good luck with
Listen to Van Halen...
Ahh it was so good!! I loved it!!!!! You're such an amazing writer seriously. I was like dying
I get it. ;) RT : When waiting for an app to be installed on her mother's iPhone, my daughter declares "Seconds are too long."
#whyrelationshipsdontlast Our society is to blame
Here by the Washington Monument! Next to the stage, off Independence Ave and 15th Street
The Planet Water Foundation water tank is up and running! ttp://twitpic.com/2es64u
Love your ebook! Just starting with private practice; worried about family insurance & startup cash.Big dreams!
300 followers but I bet 10 actually car about what I have to say....FUCK YEA :D
Lick my center of gravity
No, he didn't.
I was peaceful like a Buddhist, But then folks came and screwed it up like Judas... KNAAN
Have u seen the book Red Harvest it about jedi battleing the undead zombies in the star wars universe
Straight up elbow on alfredson
Just finished working out with . Awesome
RT You're not supposed to look back, you're supposed to keep going.
yes... now I am heading out to lunch :) food
that's messed up lol
thanks girl! I just got emotional lol
agreed but I look at IU as a rewarding warmup for a tough Baylor matchup.
Mavs-Thunder Game 5 tickets on sale at 10 a.m. Saturday. Mavs.com, 214.747.MAVS and American Airlines Center Box Office.
Kirko Bangz -Drank In My Cup
took me a minute to figure out why students were tweeting about something called #LDOC. Duh.
The giants have figured wolf out the third time around
Year-end tax strategies that, if implemented before a taxpayer’s liability is finalized, could make a significant difference. Contact Us.
We're glad you are here, Preston! RT : #DBUalum serving in the Office of
The real da Vinci code: Louvre unlocks last work
Before Steve Blake was making big Game 7 shots, he was out mugging people in the back alleys of LA
McDaniel bound to DJ Winter Formal 2011
The Town Car is powered by a 4.6 Liter V8 that produces 239 horsepower and 287 lb.-feet of torque
Ordering extra pickles @ Roscoe diner. They're great!
#FF new #design agency about to do big things!
I can't believe you are not the mayor yet haha :) or are you?
who cares, she's an eternal screwup and hopefully one day she will grow up and be a mother to her son
Move over George Clooney, Mark Bouris can put his slippers under my bed any day!
follow back(: you know u wanna(;
Watching Roseanne's Nuts. I must say I fuckin love this woman !!
Check out the newest promo for #thenewrsoom! Looks amazing!
[ Favorite ] if your AVi is really you... Don't lie e_e
": Love that people are tweeting about their First Concert experience using the #140cuse tag. Check out from !"
so what is yo name
Seeing my friend Arlena perform in My Dark Side of the Moon at Next Stage Theater.
Looking for a KML file or a Shapefile? The dataset is pretty big, so it's taking a while for our system to generate the file.
these unsalted almonds are actually pretty god damn good.
My team won the championship! Yeah Scorpions:)
glad to hear it :) love you too babe
Dose any1 know how to get in contact with meek millz camp I need a jalil beet
NFL nike jerseys so fresh
I feel like I'm judgmental as fuck but this is very true regardless
You're welcome!! What lens do you use? And you too! :) hopefully I'll see you soon!
Thank you so much. I am glad, too.
I'm sure this extended scene of him driving to work and buying gas is leading into something!
Many people might think this idea is wrong-but if you CHEAT on me you can say bye for good, and bye-bye to your kids too. You chose it. lol
OMG! #SaySomethin IS AMAZING! I absolutely love it! I can feel an addiction coming on! <3
"I didn't know your son was that young"- George Zimmerman. What does that mean!?
You got your guards up, I do too. There's things we might discover, cause you got a past and I do too. We're perfect for each other.
Something like that. His response to questions about it was boggling. Wonder if Pedroia will defend him....
no. I know I'm awesome :D
I will sadly give up seeing you this summer for you to stay in Australia for a while longer. Just want u to be happy.
I accidentally spilled a cup of OAuth tokens on it.
RT ": I look forward to voting for Barrett on June 5th to defeat Scott Walker. #UNITY"
"You constantly have to be pivoting." - Lizbeth Cardozo on overcoming digital challenges in the Start-Up World.
I really should stop snacking at my desk. My work area got attacked by ants over the weekend.
Just used to contribute funds to 's birthday party. It's like a mini kickstarter for events. Great idea
I will take your word on that! Lol
“: sis don't fwm”I CALLED AND TEXTED U BRO, no reply no answer
Will do! Thanks
OMG DID YOU COVER IT?!?!? omg
Satire comes in many flavors. Happy green eggs and birthday cake to Laraine Newman, Tom Wolfe and Dr. Seuss today.
wats up to my followers n shout out to my new 1s
Ouchyyy . but still think positive . ^-^ lol Aaron is growing up so fast :') lololololol
Junior better be player of the game he saved their ass tonight
No surprise here... RT Decisions get made 25% faster when people TALK rather than when an email chain goes on and on...
Hodads is now at Petco Park!? Epic
You're learning, young padawan.
Don't forget about our information session Sunday night at 8pm in MGC 200. We hope to see you there!
Thanks 4 the note 2day ! Hope the in Chi is treating u well 2night! Sipping some in South Flo!
WELL alrighty then
Come on Sens. Take down the Rangers tomorrow thus setting up Caps Flyers rd2. Keep hope alive for a Caps Kings SCF aka a 7vs8 final.
sunset junction this weekend!
"..Those who deny individual rights cannot claim to be defenders of minorities."~Ayn Rand #Quote MT |
Biz Dev Sunday.
Have you thanked a soldier lately? You can start w/one of our own - Sensei Steve! Today marks his 2 year anniversary w/ the Nat'l Guard!
that's my background on my phone :) hehehe
It's official. I'm in the line up of Naperville Jazz Festival on June 18th. Woohooo
...he clearly falls a few inches short n iz far lighter than expected "far !" lighter
Pakistani journalist : Salmaan Taseer murder "almost inevitable" result of sensationalist media campaign.
I am gonna call it a night already my eyes are shutting & i got a headache! 😁
Resident Evil:Retribution will be released on September 14th 2012
turkey, squash, wild rice & raspberries! #DriscollsMoments I can't take it anymore taste buds gonna explode!!!
who the he'll do you think you are. ha kbye
Does anybody know why the #Mac #terminal highlights text with black after an #ssh connection is lost and how to change this behavior?
We know that romance brings out the beast in you.
get'r done sister! “: the notion that Native Amers r from a "lost" tribe..no thx We're all good &from here thank ya
Cold side of the pillow >>>
The three most POWERFUL words any female can tell a guy: "I'm bi-curious"
Sounds like a great idea. Definitley interested.
but it's Monday!
....god luck with that lie - Yikes
Great webinar today. I was able to attend the first 45min, looks like a great tool!
RT If you LOVE :)
omg what?! Are you ok?! Twice? Today has been CURSED......
yes sir most definitely! Be back in the states tomorrow.
Tryna see what to do this weekend
