Shout out & congrats 2 my former point guard Bert Reed on getting drafted by the Cleveland Browns. Great young man. Good luck 2 him!!!
they were right you were just on games with me
She tweets traffic tips and dinner recs; what can't do?
RT : Hot Question: What did you think about Madonna's Super Bowl Halftime show? << I thought it was fantastic! 1 of the best!
#eluna09 Saw demo of the new bX recommender service for SFX at lunchtime. It's Amazon meets JSTOR. Definitely worth checking out.
Okay let's all go and follow one of my really close friends ! He is one of the nicest kids inside out and beautiful inside(:
Thanks new follows!
RT Rex Ryan claims that despite the Jets elimination from the playoffs they are still going to win the Super Bowl.
Heading to One For The Road beer store in a little bit! Haven't been there in a month
where will you be at before or after the show tonight man..i got something for you. something you'll love
Amen RT : God ain't working it out. It's already worked out.
Phoney charges of racism hurt real victims of racism. I don't deny racism exists, I just deny that it ALWAYS exists.
Headed to Cape Cod to get a little "Aahhhh"
Craving homemade pasta and loads of fresh parm! Any #foodies in #sanfran have suggestions?
Also. Dude. So nice to meet another honorary member of the Midnight Society. I desperately wish I could start all my books...
Thanks for a great show at the KIng Center. You guys are real gentlemen and I am looking forward to the Christmas Album.
Reading the screenplay for The Descendants, I may like it better than the film itself. Both are good though.
morning kids.
let's plan our next keys trip!
thank god I thought that was just me
#oomf is so attractive to me. Her smile makes me feel an emotion that I can't even explain, but I love it so much. Ughh...
excellent question.
Again Cynthia tweeted accusing glance
LOL My attorney saw my last tweet and called to see if there was anything he could to help. Now that's service!
is it against the rules for Ron to send his pitching coach out to talk to a reliever?
If you are going to Empty Bottle tonight, don't miss Piss Piss Piss Moan Moan Moan!
Publishing books to change the way business is done. A focus on a revolutionary concept, people are important to business!
RT : There is a thin line between, "I should make a Facebook status about that." and "I should talk to a therapist about...
These birds are so loud and I could just shut the window. But you know, beer farts.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
nah u need ta just taste it
dear masterful hirshhorn twitterer, i'm looking for an image of Song 1 when it shows playing cards blowing around. can you help?
We never repent of having eaten too little. ~ Thomas Jefferson
At work making $$$$
Ha Ha I am sending this bit of advice to a few folks I know. So true!!
We are pleased to sponsor today's snacks for the educators at #msmecas12. Drop by Booth 64 for gifts and prizes.
Ha, not so quick - I got some vacation time to use before camp RT Fair enough! Here's to the long offseason going quickly!
do you have a youtube?
I want a Tumblr shirt!
Ok just let me know RT : or we can just go to her house one day
I am pretty witty thank you for noticing hahah
Say you gonna be, are you gonna be, say you gonna be,.are you gonna be, say you gonna be...well well...SANG LUTHER!!
Think again! I'm totally addicted to pinterest. It keeps me up late at night.
So Excited!! 9 Minutes Until Ari's Live Chat!! (: xx
Ur my soul coach all the way. starbucks with you made my day. thanks!
:3 we are both capitalizers and Directioners, there's some type of "bond" that makes us really good friends :)
Well then I guess I have nothing to lose...
Is it wrong for me to just kick back instead of working on my novel for ?
Who are those elitist morons in the studio with you? Stadium workers should be able to humanly interact with the players.
Got bit by a bunch of red ants -.-
you gonna rap on em?
Wow! I'm already seeing job postings for layout using iBooks Author.
ugh. Atrocious.
Watched 'Y Tu Mamá También' again. What an excellent film.
waazzzza Carlitos :D hope your having an amazing day (:
Had to deal with two clients whose spouses passed away recently and suddenly. Kiss your significant other & hug your babies. You never know
Evan Turner has been huge
Two more finals & then I'm free! Free at last.
Just reported a police trap on US Hwy 41. My mood: sleepy, using Waze - Drive Social
....which is why I've never bought any since!!
any way I can view that on the east coast? Lol
yeah. Idk why though.
lmao just seen it Wassup with chu tho what you up too
of course
Getting ready for St. Patty's Day festivities on the Downtown Ocala Square. Ta an aimsir go halainn inniu!
electric word, life. It means 4ever and that's a mighty long time...
Great to see shrimp boat Capt. Wayne Magwood + others on the water now that #shrimp season has opened early. Yum.
Looking to promote Recycling in your SCHOOL? Get involved with America Recycles Day! www.Americarecyclesday.org
im in love wit a guy tht has an amazing voice an he is hot,sexy and everythng i need in a guy:-)))
I can always count on my boyfriend to cheer me up when I'm in a bad mood.
I don't want relations I just want one night. Cause a thirsty bitch; thats that shit that I don't like.
Walked up to the ATM and the person who used it before me forgot to grab his/her money! $60 baby!
A sunny Saturday afternoon and I am alone with my laptop. It doesn't get any better than this.
If I die tomorrow I'd probably about 20 "best friends"
How do you get mediafire songs again?
Hey did u already have your spring break ? :)
Probably just aced that test.
Shopping for the #Muse2012 this weekend. Have to keep up with Sonya, Whitney, and especially Chris. They set the bar high.
I know right?
foiled again!
Salsa Wednesdays tonight!!! Library Bar&Grill, 3rd&Central! #ABQ #NM!!
off balance. Credit when its due, he's got good stuff... But he's not 100 million dollars good.
Gasol/Allen. Wow.
I love
I couldn't agree more
Just got the new Droid X. REALLY liking it so far!
. I think we might need to brainstorm on the right hashtag for getting Marc on twitter?
Thanks for the mention and we're all thrilled Shauna joined the team.
Stupid lessons.RT : Lesson: Pepsi likes to see you hurt. Coke likes monkeys who help dragons belch fireworks.
Loving my rediscovery of Tom Peters. So inspirational. Pointing in a great direction.
IM Like A Magnet lol....
Say hi to my wife Christine Nelson at DSST. Was hoping to join you, but am in DC. Denver charters are among the best in the nation.
Almost have enough followers to actually start tweeting something! Keep 'em coming!
the country lol..Baldwin
.... Can I plzz have a shout out for my bday on the 26 of February ... It would rly make my day thankss
any time!
Another 2 miles w boy this morning. good stuff
"Good paying jobs" (rather than "well paying jobs") RT " #mbchats What's your grammar pet peeve?"
When you lay down for 'five minutes', wake up and It's almost three hours later.
GIRLS GONE WILD this Friday Night @ BROADWAY BAR!! So what if it rains... That only means WET GIRLS in BIKINIS Arrive Early&Avoid the Line
Eh, I just can't muster one bit of hope in my mundane life. I've had a few chances and never succeeded.
And a new eBoard starts now...
i love my school and my friends hahahaha
can you some how make June 19th get here a little faster?(: I seriously can't wait <3
love the new pic!
What would I do without sushi dates w/ ?
Aww he played and that song thinking bout you! by frank ocean to me....
thank you so much for skyping with me, accepting my facebook friend request, and answering my formspring question :) <3 -tia
Cute girl tweetin you goodnight >>
Watching the lion king
Its a date not with you tho but with my boo Zayn :)
ZOMG, how did you know? What gave it away?
saw a squirrel on a pier. it looked very nautical. i wish it had been on the bow of a boat. i would have named it gilligan.
Mens Health Mag report 82% of people feel more connected to family after a trip. Is it time for a lil family bonding to curb holiday feuds??
I'm not the kind of person that'll tell you that there's a booger hanging from your nose. I just can't do it.
ugh was about 2 restore #iphone to 5.1.1 (losing #jailbreak) until i learned #siri has its own volume! the true price of jb="googleshooting"
We had a huge debate on twitter about this. We think she's the VPs granddaughter OR in witness protection.
Wow. okay. That's not pedophilia or anything.
I'd take a Spotify invite, if you're offering.
so is your mom but she's not in a nursing home,keep hating hater Kim is still making that paper,
you and are in the pro-orange camp
Yeah. I don't like parents... all they really do is nag about something. Atleast mind do.
I think I did but shortly after that I put it in the shop The melwear was getting unbearable. I hackers back
You Will ALWAYS Have That Special Place In My Heart, No Matter What. ♥A.J.
yes its very obvious
Intriguing fact: many students earn more credits than needed to complete degrees. Reasons behind this will be investigated.
Surf n Turf BBQ tonight, my specialty:) Daddy's Secret Marinade mix 2/3 BBQ Sauce, 1/3 Soy Sauce, & few splashes of Worcestershire, yum!
#OneThingILove Family. Family over anything.
I WILL!
Love finding brand new shoes I forgot I had. I feel like you can relate!
Just tell mom you're on the other side of the planet, at a perfectly reasonable hour.
Congratulating the Americans who serve the country on their new-found freedom #DADT #LGBT”
And you'll never ask me why the changes in the sky bring you upwards through the hole that you go through.
I've never felt this alone before ever.
"I design experiences for users." -
lol that's good I miss you and the fam... Tell your bro I said wassup
Welcome to SD Marathon! Swing by tonight to carbo load and relax before the big race! Happy Hour starts at 5pm.
your tellin me! im dreading this ugh
Hello Twitter Fans! Hope all is well with everyone! Blush Formals would just like to send out lots of love to you all! Have a great day! :-)
BRACELET SAYING YOU SHOULD QUIT!!! CAR SAYING FUCK YA LIFE!!!!!! BITCH!!!!!!!!
Anybody every hear of a new tobacco product called SNUS? What about a new green energy device called #BloomBox?
Join us for a reception b4 Sunday’s screening of “Bicycle, Spoon, Apple” at the Portland Art Museum! 6 PM 1219 SW Park Ave. Portland, OR
but i did change my url
just shut the fuck up already god damn
Why was Kellen Moore Passed Up in the NFL Draft? Fan&#39;s Perspective
": Odee obsesses lol" Yes, Yes I am ☺♥
okay :) aha
'trying to be a man is a waste of a woman' - actual quote in this movie
Was just asked a hard question they idk how to answer.
Hey and Bruce Beck - Lucasoil Stadium is empty. Please go to
“: Beautiful morning the lord has made ...reminds me of a high school, school day” Your show tonight!
Clouds are rolling in this morning, rain expected later. About to bake blueberry peach coffee cake. Lazy wonderful Sunday mornings.
i think the same thing just happend to me and ledamonsterbunny
oh alright good good! lax game?
#annoyed isn't the fucking word
omg I'm in love with you!! your se adorable(: can I tweet me back please(:
Going back to sleep until our "mandatory" stop in Indy. #megabus#
I had the greatest time comparing you to with !
Oh man, every time I'm out. 5 times last weekend. "Well if I had a camera like THAT......"
Major panye ; Why do I feel like a jackass ?
hw you gone wake uhp n the middle of the night n a storm n strt to tweet
You shoot me down, but I won't fall... I am Titanium....
do you think winning this series with Rose and possible Noah out will change the front offices mind about making changes?
": When people spell Vickey as Vicky, she goes into SuperHater Mode." That means you
Survival of the Dead was meh, not horrible, so I guess thats a success in its own way w/ what it is, probably will never watch again
Baseball tourney starts tomorrow 9 am fuck that's eary but its cool got the mohawk and sprayed it green fr team colors about to do work !
So excited for tomorrow, going to watch 's concert
don Paul and mike cyka and some hot chick both super weird “: Okay, I'll say it. 4 Warn Weather is a super weird name.”
Early thoughts? Initial trailers looked horrible, but fish out of water story shown in later ones seemed better.
"Forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet & the winds long to play with your hair." ~Kahlil Gibran... Seek out #SimpleJoys!
On the road to Lubbock. Playing at Rain Uptown on Saturday night, stop by!
#sweet .. No pun intended
I wanna dance, and love, and
27 months and I'm still crazy bout that boy 💘😍😌
What next? A visit from aliens. Crazy stuff happening on this earth lately. Only God knows.
My cold is finally gone!!!
Where Are You Now
RT RT : The Music Volume When Your Parents Leave The House ▂ ▃ ▄ ▅
Watching Eastenders for the third time today. :L.
I just finished a 2.27 mi recovery run with Nike+ GPS.
Weather like this makes me think of two things: I don't have enough sundresses & how many cool things can I pack into the next 120 days.
MT : Schedule: motion for class cert in December; summary judgment motions in May. Discovery rebooted, runs until March.
Why? Hearing good things elsewhere.
I agree Bluefin is amazing. RT : I've had Spamps. Bluefin is better, and I'm a sushi snob from my time in California.
Check out today's article in the metro section page B1 of the plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate Cleveland Clerk of Courts
Reading Geoff Johns Flash the secret of Barry Allen. Sweet.
ok i got one more chapter then im done with this class leggo!
wish i could dome with you TGOD <33 come back to milwaukee, you had it crazy at summerfest!
The "Fresh To Death" 2nd Edition goes so hard! putting the final touches on it and cant wait drop this one!
Sure. I direct voter registration for we should find a way to work together sooner than later.
Do I have your cell? Give me 10 minutes.. still trying to get out of here
Cozy mystery discussion! Come one, come all!
Who ever loves should RT this
Best glee ever! They did , my fav part was when they said ''i underestimated the power of the Biebs''.
My lil nigga a shake sum.
2nd week of may baby.
you are the best brother. Yes I know you are my only one. But still you would be the best.
I'm a Nigga's Best Friend ! I'm their Wing uhm Man xD & I can Agree with them bout Girls & Games & Movies ^.^ Ha ha !
OMG jealous. Love that place !!
#IADMIT I need to move on
I got a house up here
It's almost night in Holland. But I'm still awake cause I read more tweets from Austin. :$
Let's throw you a kickass bday party then. What date are you looking at? RT : my birthday is coming up!!
I will.
Huckabee - America no longer a Christian Nation...What? America better find religon, and fast...
Can't wait to go home, so I can eat a cupcake!
I have no idea what I'm talking about.
Good idea, I can see why!
good food for thought and memories for marks ;-)
Wanna get your puppy trained right the first time?? Try slobber snaks..they get the job done everytime!! Slobbersnaks.com 🐶
Hi. How are you?
You too, Rob!
Best place to buy designer denim in #Tucson? GO...
In Bruges!! And I'm not just talking about the movie!! ;)
When boys say "I love you" instead of ily !
Near 80 degrees today what happened to spring? Hello Summer!!
*bursts into tears*
Studying all day today -.-
If ever there was a holiday season to stay home and work... This is it! Busy in LA for commercials
hey Anita, our upcoming fundraiser is July 21 @ the Hilton Garden EG. 5:30-7:30. I'll email you the details; thanks!!
I swear to god I'm fucking chezzed
you should look in Santa Monica
U hear theyre doing H vs. Nash in a ladder match w/ a sledgehammer hanging above the ring. Hope they properly tie it up ;)
Didn't think about that. I've been guilty of spreading a few. Not proud of it, but I didn't like them anyways.
I always get pissed off when subway gives me two napkins but I always only use one lol
funny you just said that as I was texting the same thing!
Writing a blog post, Facebooking (yes, it's a verb), making jigeh... multi-tasking the nth.
whoops, my bad. following you now.
Well said-->RT : Sitting on a quiet train and reading is one of life's true simple pleasures
I doubt I'll ever be a mother
Setting up to record, gettin drums mic'd and waiting for the arrival of some amplifiers!
A CAR DROVE BY ME GOING LIKE 30 MPH AND IT WAS ONLY 4 FEET AWAY FROM ME!!!!! >:O I COULD HAVE DIED
At the time of the post's initial publication, he had not yet admitted that it was him in the video.
Some people stand in front & thump their chest about what they've accomplished. Know that real achievers are behind the scenes
i'm a little behind on my WaxPo's...ima have to check for it.
Hell yeah! RT : Only thing better than beating Wisconsin 3 times in one season? Beating them 4 times :)
You won the bet but McKnight is still a gee
Isn't it a little funny how a freakn' bank can lose money...I'm better off keeping my money in the safe and a Crown Royal bag.
I feel like hell this morning, did I suddenly get sick while sleeping?
Yes, same here. Looking to complete the new project soon. We're in the mixdn and edit phase.Blessings to you as well.
Thanks for the mention! RT : Looking or something to do? FF , , ,
Looking for a local (VA, DC, MD) software development company experienced in going after Department Of Education contracts.
I think about the day I met the perfect stranger, I think about us
morning sex is the shit
ordinarily, I would say "do it" but I would want to be present for that visual.
This friday ladies free all night where da party don't start til the other clubs end 21+ BYOB we located right behind Beamers jack
That's like a month ago homeboii ! -___- how do i look different?!
As human beings, one of our deepest desires is a connection with other people
Haters gonna hate, mahomies gonna love :D
PLease follow me(: 6
I think I'm addicted to 11:11 <3
she's sexy!!
I do hope you are enjoying it.
From a constituent: Do not limit freedom of information. Please say no to #SOPA and
OMG!! I'm so freaking tired (just got from school)
I also kicked excitedly RT We are all high-fived out after that #HIMYM season finale.
thanks for the follow and thanks for listening!!
A couple of us continued chatting tonight on #WineHuntChat after #JobHuntChat on what started as a joke
Have you considered making zombies only spawn in packs? Would be different and make them more scary/difficult. Alone they're too easy.
you should be on Man vs Food : slushie edition
hahahahaha I feel you #TruthBeTold I'm going to look at there set up price,shot and buy my own
I go to FB when doing hw like I go to the fridge when I'm bored.
Follow On instagram
haha probably since I sent him like 60 emails
OWS Protesters Remain In Zuccotti Park, But Without Tents And Sleeping Bags
just made a kid laugh so hard at #storytime he peed his pants
Q: Best TV show on right now? We're loving Mad Men right now- and their vintage fashions!
nope there is tons of oil in sudan , the chinese have the drilling and refining rights
They say I'm a tease, i say that's just a preview wait till the premier ;D
Who would give a law to lovers? Love is unto itself a higher law
Great questions. I think about this all the time. If you come up with a grand insight, let me know. ;-)
wish had more options for assessing use of the different fields. options are really limited now. get on that thanks!
Still trying to figure out why mainline Christians have sold out to the far right. What were they promised in return for their support?
Love the hair Mama!!
if it wasn't for that new song, i wouldn't have realized i wasn't following one of my greatest musical influences real talk
Awww. Back at ya bud! :)
they are rushing the speeches and they won't have any new historical moments because of it
I cant wait to hit the studio tomorrow!
Had a great morning & BAD evening!
So they opened a Sonic less than a mile from my house and I am really excited because cranberry slushs every day of the week.
Thanks for the #ff. Was nice meeting you at
Sign up for Patti Ramsey's Central Market cooking demo at the end of this month - Big State, Big Flavor! Lots of yummy TX food!
Seriously, I'm sure he's a nice man who makes good music, but I can't take that Black Keys beardo staring at me from the edge of the screen.
More Fun & Naughty Happy Monday!
that guy was at every single ps1 getting his sweat on.
Too good to be true. #InLove ❤
thanks -just learnin twitter- my email is still lookin 4 hot converts 4 my radio show thanx 4 your help
like if you have facebook LOL
The amount of drama on Facebook is reaching its breaking point haha...
and thank you to all my new followers. and, to anybody who's d/l a project, or sent out a tweet with links to my music, i thank you too.
OK SQL, you win this round.
Utopians feel that slaughtering our fellow creatures gradually destroys sense of compassion, the finest sentiment of humans. Go #Vegan!!
U should take em w/u man. Cause im pretty sure they feel the same way.
thanks for the kind words
I can't find my iphone charger…..
Next sentence: "People’s preferences about who to communicate with whom, about what, is highly contextualized."
I retweeted to Trent richardson for a week.
Sick and freaking exhausted:((
what???? You sure about this? #sushiwabi is the best!
I got to spend two great days, on St. Petes beach, FL Talking to customers about and DataCenter What a Blast
#thevoice carson is overpaid! But he is doing a great job! Not really!
researching Psychology of Color :) Black, Lilac and Lime Green I'm thinkin...
If I'm not mistaken, Sulia is paying the sportswriters to use it. Because they realized nobody else would.
... Sure don't want the participant/fan relationship of stick and ball sports. Careful what you ask for ..........
Last day of Brian Cassidy teaching in the 9am class. Great work on the Food Drive 9am! Can't wait to see if you'll do it again this year.
Long day
Amateur Contest at midnight! Come watch the show! Ladies, register to win $500 in cash prizes! Also, Ladies pay just $5 Entry!
yeah!! we talked & he said that he couldn't dance & stuff. haha
#hth2012 showing 3D scanning of Catalhoyuk. Definitely a very posh level of documentation. Sigh! To have that kind of funding!
Wrapping up our April Music issue! So many great musicians here and not enough space in the mag. Good problem to have!
What makes you think we all want to hear you singing!? You look normal, but you are not. White Lines is not a sing aloud on the train song.
jealous because I get to taste wines while you get to crunch numbers? #notlookingback ;)
Happy Passover, friends!
ugh help me
Great meeting with at #GartnerSym today! Reach out if you have any more questions about for #cloud and
yeah I know but sometimes you gotta just make yourself focus on the good 😊
Lazy #Saturday .....
Thank you so much! :) RT : Congrats on your launch today in the District and we are happy to be a part of juicy deals
Cnt wait to get to ma babes track meet so i can scream for her (:
I think you need a HUGE gold charm to hang around your neck with the C on it.
Miami Stress Buster is a one man massage service, offering Swedish, Deep Tissue massage & body grooming. Call 305-335-3855 for an appt.
Whats good... mailbox me
guards couldn't get it to them. Draymond was forced to bring the ball up at times. Just awful.
So proud of my wife She is an amazing wife friend mom nurse trng prtnr skin exprt and student Yes those r some hats she wears
Thanks Mary for the headsup!
Jim Brown hating on Richardson. Great talent alot of times can't see great talent. Look what MJs done with the bobcats lol
RT : GOAL LINE TECHNOLOGY
at work.boo
For the record, if anyone is playing me in draw something, you're not actually playing me. You're playing
i think its called bardering
Today’s African Proverb (5.17.12) A gentle word sends the sword back into the scabbard. (Nigeria-Igbo)
Whatever the definition of "thirsty" is.... Um yea i'm that..
Hey can you possibly bring those gauges to school tomorrow? If you remember, I can get them during homeroom or Health. o:
Just popped the greatest hits of the 1790's onto my record player. I'm so with the times.
ah yes. I look forward to the "1st time in a tunnel under a waterfall, by a whirlpool" check-in. What I won't do for 9 points!
#Prom was awesome!!! :) Now time for my last 6 days of high school and then Graduation! So much is happening!
Smoke another bowl. Then pass it.RT i am only happy for one CARD fan-- and that is trevor's grandmother
kings (and queens) choose all their battles carefully..
And now my stomach hurts. The joy.
i sm thinking of making a new youtube sinsation, i think it will be great ill have to think about it though lol.
Hurray for Major League Baseball opening day!! Go Mariners!
RT : Dads pay attention“: You can tell more about a person by what he says abou… (cont) deck.ly/~gHs9q
Ok I'm Hyped bout Dat
it's like in the movie "my girl" "where is his glasses he can't see without his glasses"
Sometimes you need to take risks for what you want.
"Music is what feelings sound like..."
So fair game to start showing similarities of Hitlers' christian speeches on Jews vs Christian speeches on gays today? :/
Going to catch a ballgame when you're in town? Or is it strictly a work visit?
do you have a fb?
Worst. ever.
so i'm guessing before you exit is having ice cream. just a guess.
RT : Cowork in the Park! tomorrow at Gasworks. Take an car from Cap Hill, and enjoy wifi bit.ly/coworkinthepark
omg i have 51 notifications on Facebook...
Echoed from Lincoln via : Love talking politics with friends and food food
I need some new shoelaces.
Enjoy the opener, brother.
is finally out the hospital YAY bout time lol
The best part of my day is __________. ReTweet with your answer.
At the International Housewares Show in Chicago through Monday. Give me a shout if you're there too.
GUESS WHAT ITS MY BIRTHDAY TODAY! :D
Indeed!!! Have a good night.
RT : Austin ranked #8 among top cities in America for staying young
what u doin
I'm hurting
I stand with African American mothers. Stop racist violence directed towards their children.
yessir. lol. when were gonna ball again
really? Amazing
Do it to it Jud!!
hey hey cant wait till tomorrow but little sis going to be gone but big sis goin be here !!:):) lov twitter
Sobering news out today: homelessness in DC is up 6% from last year. 6,954 individuals don't have a home. 6,954 too many.
Can't seem to recover from roaming the desert for 3 days.
took to the driving range. After one lesson she hitting them 150+ straight. Found my competition finally
Praying fore the Brewers in the second half.
Yes! RT It was an outstanding event, Well run, well attended, well priced - great accessibility to peers and speakers at
so math class, my teacher said "you can only go in one direction" and like half the class looked at me cause they knew about my fangirl love
I have a great dentist. Nice guy, really. I still don't like him much!
cute! My cuz is so talented!
Pretty awesome for us! Johnny Depp as Tonto RT : Nm film office director confirms Lone Ranger will film in New Mexico
dont nobody give a f.ck bout yo feelings but u...
"Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it's the only thing that ever has."
Discovering that pinterest is kryptonite to my productivity
you really should
Thanks man!! RT : haha for sure man. But hey, you guys did great the other night. Just thought you should know
uh.... What period? I can only miss sixth lol
I'm doing it!
loll no. In our imaginary world where all of us cousins live together in a huge house!!!
Thanks! WE do already have a merchant account that works great!
idk if I'm going forsure yet do idk!!
Taking a 2 day break from 5 hour guitar drills. I can't afford carpal tunnel.
God Morning Tweeters! What are you up to this fine long weekend?
I have loved you girls ever since i heard 4ever on the radio 4 the first time! All i wanted for my birthday was that album!
Google+ won't mean anything at all until people start using it to talk about things other than Google+. Whiz-bang doesn't sustain sociality.
garbanzos = important = more Jameson for the playful
...so if anybody has any connections or knows any happenings in Boulder,send some info my way.
its not too hard... for me it wasnt though haha
OMG AUSTIN IS RELEASING A NEW SINGLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SDFGHMCGFBS
awww I just saw this shucks!! LET'S HANG OUT SOON!
Fog will continue into the morning hours until the sun starts to show its face. High of 80!! With partly cloudy skies. Beautiful March day!
Amazing to celebrate the release of my new book You Are a Gift to the World at Maryland Day! FYI-- '91
what's wrong doll?!
Thank you so much for the tweet! That means SO much to us. What you're doing w/ promoting indie bands is amazing!
RIP Moebius. The industry lost a great today.
The devil is busy as heck, but I got my Father on side and I pray that he helps me fight all this craziness.
we do not ask for your poor or your hungry. we do not want your tired and sick. it is your corrupt we claim.
Shout out to having nobody to talk to at these crazy hours...
Just got a call from Rady Children's hospital for an interview Monday. So stoked on life right now.
Come down to Aurum Studios and get the best mix possible on your tracks!!!!! Grab some beats while your at it!!!
You're welcome :)
I miss you :( xx
Even through the doubt , people talking down on me , telling me I'm not going to do it .
Joan Rivers is an amazing woman and super funny. Haven't seen it though. You see the documentary about her?
ughh u know the usual. Blaah work and my Gma "/
Despite getting caught in a storm, I had a strong 4 miler.
Odd seeing Bob Knight without a sweater on! Why is he wearing Blue?
Happy Birthday my curly head baby.
Loved the whole NBA "BIG" commercial treatments this playoffs. Slow-mo footage with rapid, smart copy overlayed. Simple, effective, visual.
what makes me happy: workin' my ass of then smoking a bowl.
Thanks to everyone that came out to Busby's last night...great time.
Girl you hot!
when all is said and done, more is said then done
i just switched from an expensive salon brand to Dove shampoo & conditioner and OMG!!! i love you Dove!!
Susie is like Tami ears bcuz she feel the need 2 report 2 Tami as fast as the person said it 2 her like damn keep yo mouth shut
thanks for taking part in the class. hope you enjoyed. lets go celtics!
I'm screamin at the TV like it's a football game! #turnaroundturnaround !!!! lol
According to my site stats, someone from Kenya viewed my football site today. Well ok then...
I'm bringn the soul glo back.
oh okay your right 1 year wonders do great in the NFL
Did you finally eject your USB without safely removing it? Or did you not wear a helmet while biking?
Performin the Dove Awards Tues night, video debut on Wed, Thurs, Lift Every Voice on Sun #GOGETIT !!!
If they still made movies like #weirdscience I would still go to the movies.
straight out of the bible amen
what happen?
Fight Weekend!!! Who's coming to Vegas!! Hit me up to setup weekend trip 7027506103
Game 3 Round 1 WHL Playoff action for the Spokane Chiefs. They need a home win tonight for sure....
I know!! My mom was just saying that.
I don't mind taking the SouthShore train two days in a row as long as my destination is a bday party and #Filipino food
hahaha I'm here!!
Ditto. RT Missed seeing you at
Follow me I follow back! holler at me! I give feedback on all questions and anything you wanna know about jeremy lin! Foreeal
no worries. It'll come. <3
Gonna go download my fav band #falloutboy holler
Would love to hear more about what you guys do!
I agree
Minnesota can hardly wait!
This is where I unfollow you. Much luck. Dr. Spanish
Weekend early voting hours are here! office open Sat & Sun from 10A to 5P. If you're DT this weekend, come and see us!
I have to sew the circle into the quilt top and cut/sew the backing together.
Latest Google Android on tablets visit www.tncnews.com click on Business
you called ms Layla a whore ??? Why?
DJ tonight in our basement. Tomorrow we'll have live music. "Over the Line" will be joining us.
Not liking this winter weather. Being a big baby about having to brush off my car >:|
If you need any help finding a place let me know. Happy to help out any way I can.
I'm allowed to do something after gym tomorrow if you guys still can :)
Emergency chocolate is a very good idea right now, based on the texts I've been getting from #unbound. Also whiskey.
Very funny, Scotty. Now beam down my clothes.
I. Love. Google+. Hangouts. I hold meetings on google+ & it works great.
Fam Cookouts are always fun ❥
Sometime's it's worth giving up someone you talk to everyday to protect someone who loves you
Happy birthday, dear!
Milwaukee Wisconsin United States Check out this cool 360 view! Office Space/ loft !! Motivated to lease!!!
San Antone at last
maybe I misinterpreted again your tweet. What I mean is if I text something, I can tell it personally.
CAN I PLEASE GET A RT OR REPLY SINCE I AIN'T GONNA BE ABLE TO SEE YOU IN BOSTON THIS SUMMER?
Me Time! Cooking!
lol you are just so rude
Won't keep my voice down Know the words I speak are the thoughts I think out loud
Summer days just sittin' around, but when the sun goes down, I'll be ready to party. ❤
I'm eating strawberrys:3 yummy^^
So long, #PLA12. From WIN Catalog, to Harry Potter's digital debut, to browser-based reading, the future of eBooks looks very bright indeed!
Checkout Our New Movie Website at: www.withoutafatherthemovie.com
turn the wheel a few times, check the drive shaft, stomp the break a couple times. Then try.
& I did landscape work earlier in the day. I'm fucking exhausted
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity
I'm always here for you. 💚
Today's Agenda: Be lazy, read FOR FUN, get into the Christmas spirit, and do absolutely nothing even remotely productive! Hooray!
it's not him, you just suck!
hey in need of photos call me.
Paint party? Didn't no point cud go in places like this
That was a disturbing Simpson's intro.
I'm making myself steak :)
Keep up the good work Jason
i must stay home and protect my pug from the thunder.
I never have been able to figure out their problem with that.
Still following back all fans tonight! Thank you for all your kind words on here, much appreciated!
there u go being spiteful again!
Will you make it to our endorsement meeting tomorrow evening?
Rise n grind while you take a little z
#AintNothingLike piecing together what happened the night before
Smooth moves
I'm sorry but who decided Gwenyth Paltrow would be relevant in music via marriage?
happy birthday enjoy your special day :)
Who wanna come ova right after school on Friday and start the night off
Are you on crack?
It can be a great motivator for people to progress into a more diverse and inclusive organizagtion.
looks like romantic runway!
"leave that room" also a useful mantra in situations involving courtney love, terry richardson, slavoj zizek
Well look who is Tweeting!
ooh, and you have the CIRL meeting at 1. See you there.
My life has changed 4 times in one month!
#ReasonsToSayAmen God woke u up this morning
Yo thanks for the follow! Love your music!
On the home stretch for finishing our album, very excited for everyone to hear it.
Dear Frozen Planet, you are blowing my mind. Score one for
now its not posting to Feed The D... TEST
An eyeglass prescription is for eyeglasses only. It doesn't contain information that is crucial to a contact lens prescription. Happy Friday
. assertion 1: Bibliography is more important for digital humanities research than traditional humanities research.
and the right one won't make u cry
Austin it's officially your birthday in the UK! So happy birthday:') you're 16:D well, you would be if you were in the UK:)
Good Night
I had a reality check yesterday.I needa be way nicer to my bestfriend.he does way to much for me to treat him like just anybodyy
Gta put in wrk on my craft.
We're getting traded to Antarctica for a real penguin and a real igloo. Get those parkas ready
#ThatsWhatTheySaid RT : This is absolutely terrifying.
For a complete list of award finalists in all categories, read the MassTLC blog post
I will do
We have a Senior Tax Manager position in #Jacksonville. Contact me on
If u was in a pawn box...box.. I will surely break the lock. Jump right in and fall asleep.. I'll fall asleep.. Cause u r the death a me!
I'm afraid to ask what else you do in the bathroom
George Jefferson > Jordan Jefferson
Something happened and Im head over heels.. So dont throw it away.!!!!
Looks like MWP elbowed the Lakers. This game is ovuh...
just shutup please.
Yes sir!!!
"Bank CEOs To Fed: Regulation 'Unrealistic'" #huffpost They get ready for Fantasy Land!
no actually if i dont see you soon, im gonna explode i miss yoU!
#YouKnowItsFridayWhen There is nobody on campus after class
'Amazing Race' Star's Bum Rap After Losing Million Dollar Prize
The future of MURFC looks bright as the Killa Beez shutout UW-White Water's second side to pick up their fifth win of the season.
Word Nerd Factoid: The study of horses is called Hippology.
me too I grad in 05 my little brother went also
Alright, You took out the first seed. You took out the second seed. Time to go for the hat trick.
my buddy will have a great game this week I can feel it. I wonder if he would still remember me? Buffalo sports afterDallas game
As Santorum and Gingrich continue to collect 50-60 percent of the vote between them, Romney can only hope they both stay in indefinitely.
everyone wants to be a covenant lady worrier (: v-squad
Did you just take some love drugs or something?
Looking back at our conversations & wishing we could have them all over again.
I haven't cursed so much as I did last night and this morning in more than a year! Whoa!
#IfItWasUpToMe every first of the the month the government would be sending every African American a check worth $1000 lol
Enjoying the Miami heat game they are on fire (:
I wish I was you
Hey you should remind your employees that personal hygiene matters as does friendliness. Just sayin'
I got you anytime frank:),love you fool..no homo 8====D
tho I agree they should be either, as do process philosophers given their views on emergence.
NBA LOCK OUT IS OVER!
BY FAR
Happy to have you!
being raped by a grizzly bear > going to work tonight
:( so sorry. I do know that if your local doesn't have it, they will order it for you :)
“If you're reading this... Congratulations, you're alive. If that's not something to smile about, then I don't know what is.” ― Chad Sugg
yes babe. and I'm not going :( I'm going to see one direction instead! unless my mom just changes her mind.
Fuckkk this headache!
Got some hwk done feeling good right bout now
This wacky winter weather continues. A few days ago it was hot, today it's like an icebox. I need to be in the Caribbean!!
AFRICA NEEDS OUR HELP TO RESUCE THE CHILDREN JOSEPH KONY ABDUCTED FROM THEIR HOMES!
A few hours over the weekend and 14 hours today has me caught up on email after 2 weeks of conferences. Yes. Back at it in 6 hrs. Double YES
Lookn' foward to openin day! Just got over my cold from the Arctic Tailgate. Worth every minute. CHEERS
Sorry I wasn't able to make that event tonight. Sounds like it was cool.
Me too! Sirius in 2005, best investment.
well... There are some bootlegs on YouTube but I didnt tell you...
Are the Lions for real? Does anyone remember 2 seasons back???
thanks to ur post all i can think about is cookies...
We now have postcards at The Actor's Key. First one to tweet a picture of them will win a $5 Starbucks gift card.
ipod nano that is waterproof
- no. fight the urge
It's a little chilly today. Nothing a chai latte can't fix.
Not upset. Like you and agree with your philosophy. Twitter informs me bad things about me are coming from you. Is it Hacker?
Thank you for the RT!! Finally got the FB address too.
Thanks again to all the attendees of the 2012 CFW Lectureship & Interim Session including those who participated through social media!
Watching Ancient Aliens with my brother, which I don't know why because I think it's all full of crap.
Wow. ridiculous RT : BREAKING: confirms that 1B Albert Pujols and agree to 10-year deal worth around $250 million
Pilates doesn't have to be expensive. Great results. Best prices. $45 private pilates class. Pay as you go! $400 for a 10 class package.
Committing to some New Year's resolutions starting today! What's on your resolution list?
Look...I can finally watch the USA-Canada game. (facepalm)
So, how is it going or did it go?
Perhaps that's best. I keep trying to force an action scene at the start and it just doesn't feel right for the story. *hug* :)
everything i do is wrong in someone elses eyes... i dont know what to do anymore
Last Gossip Girl ,episodes in HD online ,follow me for related tweets
Wish I was spending tonight with and but tonight it's me, Melky, and NyQuil. No worries- lots of fun 2b had in 2012!
Create music that people will pay for by asking: what problem does my music solve for my target audience?
Hang in there! Love - your pals in Portland...
Cooking Tip: If you're not using peeled potatoes immediately, place them in a bowl of cold water to prevent oxidation.
Yes, in the lowlands only. Still lots of snow higher up. You probably have the same issue :)
Such hate, again, yuck!
Big pass by Canfield. Duck INT? No, James Rodgers steals it from the defender. Still short of the first down by a yard. First punt coming up
LOL...see it's not just me AB!
Had my last day of junior year today!
True that! RT : I was thinking about how great being encouraging is...goes a long way. Need to do that more...
How do I prepare for entering into the P90X workout for real on Monday? FourLoko on a worknight and s'mores granola bars. Obviously.
Awesomest beach ever… mostly cause of me ;P
Hot...sleepy...n horny!!
Does anyone do online homeschooling?
Haha ah, well I hope you enjoy the candy!
WE SLEPT THROUGH THE ALARM at our shared mansion. Looks like The Gufs will have to fill in for us at the
Cooking with mom all day. Not a bad way to spend a Saturday at all.
I feel the urge to eat chocolate , Ugh I eat too much :(
Love to get your input! Whenever amaretto is involved its always a party.
Comcast was the only viable option for me in Chicago
thanks man! I really appreciate that, you coming out and supporting too!
Nice, that makes this easy... What time does the draft room countdown have it starting?
Woot for the first A of my graduate career!
Now that's love.
Now it is! How could I have overlooked the Lily??! Thnx!
That awkward moment when you know Lives in the same county as you ah! _^|^_awkward turtle_^|^_
Didn't tweet much poker this week. Bad beat central. Nobody wants to hear those hands. Never got it in less 76% to win.
celebrating sounds good to me! I think maybe I'll sleep in until 5 am... ;) have a good one!
Before #Zimbra, my phone would chime first for email and appear in Outlook a minute later. With Zimbra Desktop, they chime at once!
Good morning my twitter fam and friends! It's friday and i'm hitn the gym for the last day of the wk. Hope you made the best of your week
Nice endorsement. Thanks for that.
Man I have learned in the last past 6 months these hoes fah Everybody
nicole is there. We would love to have you.
Agreed RT : "Get your customers involved in your business. Make them your partners, and they'll never leave you."-Kevin Stir ...
I can't tell if this Chik-fil-a coffee is bad or I'm just not used to something different than the bad coffee at work.
your not like the rest either ;)
#UNT grad students asked very perceptive questions about sm measurement. Loved connecting there! Thks for your help.
And we shouldn't be surprised when they don't. That kind of response tends to come across very poorly.
Space planning/move continues to facilitate a stronger functional team approach. It's 1 way to use our fyec downtime.
So Much 2 Do ToNiGht..!!BuT CaLL Me A *PaRTy PooPeR*...."Me Na CaRe"...!!!
Remind me why I took 3 days off during orientation week?! I just crammed 3 days worth of work into 1, and I'm feeling it...
Beyond half court for Morris.
S/O to all my new followers...... 2many to @ everybody
Ahh my old neighborhood. RT Well, we know we found Barbur Blvd, because store we turned around at had the windows blocked out.
Nathan Sykes, Jay McGuiness, and Tom Parker.
Linkedin grows by 2 members per second or 172,800 people per day ...
“: #CutMasters "Up was good bro"”nuttin much waiting for the MEETING........
#AskScandal who is the actress you are talking to in this scene, the mother character, she looks so familiar
Please no more Adele covers...
�Before success comes in any man�s life, he�s sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures
I really can't stand Nationwide racing but there was actually a little drama in todays race. Highlights on 6pms Saturday show on WKOW
Then what are those boxes I see at the department store all about?
...And when u never got closure... There's always dat question as to "Why"...
HE'S GONE! HE SHOULD BE GONE! HE'S GOTTA BE GONE! -Dan Astbury
#Gold trying to get above $18 this morning overseas. Asia markets up 1.5% Overall futures looking positive for tomorrow. Slow days
#Truth RT : Remember: No work Monday, so no limit on the amount of beer you can drink today.
Need a new look for the holiday? Book a fabulous cut and color with Salon La Bonne Vie. Schedule now, to guarantee looking your best.
So when I informed the Bacon that, no matter what color she was, shooting up in front of my house was illegal & NOT gonna be tolerated...
I stayed up too late now im hungry again.
I mean, the other girl in there is so obviously supposed to be Primrose.
Anyone have a good WordPress Plugin to publish an event calendar or schedule of events?
today we got booze, blunts n boobz :]
My gCal currently says "No upcoming meetings." Weird.
Anyone can produce an event when everything is going fine. A pro handles it when the going gets tough even though it is not their fault.
Did not know this - Walker sponsored a right to work bill when he was a freshman Assembly member in 1993.
yea I know... But it's cool cause situation already takin care of
Late night Greek food, while I burn the midnight oil, its gonna be a long night, but the paper isn't gonna write itself.
Dumbo successfully launched an anti bullying "it gets better" campaign for elephants before being poached for his tusks.
Some people seriously don't know how to get a clue
Was #artsake your 1st acting program? Just saw your tweet while searching under #acting. What do you like best about it?
Listening to Death Cab reminds me of driving cross country/moving here 4 years and 1 month ago.
RT : Have faith in the unseen. 99% of life is in the unseen.
contact us at and get your own pair of guie fair trade hand made shoes!!
Who is up for some Q&A? Bored at work and it's late. Ask me anything.
Order for Thanksgiving by 11/22, Tuesday, for 11/23 pickup!! Appalachian Granny's desserts made on-site at Acme!! Call 614-732-2803
RT : To celebrate our partnership with , we're giving away 5 free dinners this week. Enter to win:...
It's ok, I still heart you as much as cake. <3
aw well we're here for u :/
I have the plan for the USA economy and jobs but who will listen
Thank you, tumblr, for reminding me that I'm already late sending out mother's day cards.
I want to meet NCSU's learning commons team!
love this song
#burritobabes is all about
What a gorgeous day! Patio is open, stop by for lunch
Exercise of the day: Ball Torso Stretch - The Ball Torso Stretch gives you a perfect way to work and stretch your core region with the...
love you.
I want the white iPhone so freakinn bad~~
It'll be funny when Mitt Romney announces his VP pick. Everyone will think he's lying.
FYI ... If U think Ppl See or Saw R tweets when they are going thru Hella Ish .. <- U in trouble SMH .. Folk in the Real world going thru IT
yea ur the beast thanks
Wow, did you know that capital refers to an area and capitol refers to a building? I DIDN'T.
It may amaze some people at how many people go into making concerts and shows take place.
This class is so boring
Last week before week and a half off.
#WalkerFailure in radio speech claims he's created "better learning enviro" Thx to $1.6 billion cut to k12 & tax cuts for rich?
Join us at 2pm CDT to Howl about post-show discussions on hashtag
aw damn haha well if you ever out here bro , just get at me and I'll hook you up!
I need a new phone case...or a new phone.
CPU overload crashed servers over easter when we tried out #free training. Moving videos to YouTube via a private link. Will send 2u
Thanks girl!!! :)) RT that was too funny! Congrats!
SEX FACT: For the majority older women(28+) are way better & more fun in bed. They're more open-minded & open with their sexuality.
hope its just cuz of the lockout.. Ripcity is NIC CITY
Thanks for the RT! :)
"It's about having fun in the summer time, in the winter time...it's just you and your friends having a good time." -Rita Ora on her single.
Please take rickie weeks out of the 2 spot. PLEASE!!!
No one knows me better than
seriously overwhelmed with joy!!!!
Left is Right | Right-wingers are less intelligent than left wingers, says study - Daily Mail
#FF Thanks for the mentions & RTs this week! via
something for everybody!
Seeing the garden switch posters to the Celtics highlights the bruins are no longer champs. Grr.
At w/ my lovely sipping chai & awaiting the surprise dish Chef Pradeep is making for us!
I think, sometime when I wasn't looking, took over the whole web. Yep, everywhere! cc/
made of stone
of informing #ideation12 of the crucial problem needing to be addressed in North Korea
Who Wants To See Some More Photos From
How are you today?
Any love for Knowshon Moreno if he is still there in the 5th round? I don't buy him! Need the homer perspective!
I'll definitely get it! ha ha - Congrats on the kissing! :-)
I asked Rick Nielson of if he patterned himself after Satch of the Bowery Boys, he said Never heard of him! Good Answer.
you don't have to buy stock to be a fan, right? Crap am I not fan enough?
i cant DM you, you dont follow me
* if iloveyou more then bacon . . . .the shit is real ! .
#gail2010 so tired I forgot to tweet that I'm here. Our AU preso this a.m. was really fun and well attended! Thx Georgia Southern!
Ok were moving keep following people Super Impact number 1 add Us
Playing on UMvC3 ranked and of course there's that one guy playing an Avengers team! Hahahaha
62 days until opening day, but who’s counting.
Thanks for the follow firefly!
Free baseball.
hope you're feeling better. Don't let the flu score a TD on you again. Fight it off with your willpower!
The Swap Meet starts today. Get on out to PIR and take advantage of all the deals!
mollymshephard is a dumb hick whore, and anyone who thinks harassing her would be fun really ought to spend some time doing so!
Mother's Day was tough, missing my Mom was amplified, hope you all had a good one, I did too really, thanks to my wonderful children,
Is Eli Manning old enough to drive?
Fa 12 hours trying to make it home
Tracking and mixing for my new song, Mountains of Madness is done. Next step is mastering at Treelady Studios. *exhales*
Thanks! It went great!
just tried to DMV you back but twitter doesn't like me ATM. Thanks for link will add you now. Love the banner... Wow!;)
Wish I could afford a ticket to ! I would love to see the ideas out there!
Happy birthday Burt Hope you had a great birthday
Left my car door open at waffle house for my entire meal #what?
I wish I could dance like you!! Haha it was great seeing you perform last night and support
Sll the latest on #Tito Vs.
then next week its night shift again. I am watching news. How about you Ricky? I miss Greg :)
“: Send me the details when you've got them.”
you guys are metal… no need for fluffy happy non-realism.
Just met (: thanks!
haha hilarious score though
Hypocracy..is when ur Pastor doesn't support gay marriage, but u have a gay choir director or maybe Pastor's in the closet himself.
What race are you playing as in Skyrim?
#EmmetWantsToClotheYou i still like my hashtag better(;
FIRST HEAVY D, THEN ETTA JAMES, DAVID PEASTON, DON CORNELIUS AND NOW WHITNEY HOUSTON THIS IS SO SAD...RIP WHITNEY
When your greatest skill is talking & you lose your voice it's like developing a handicap. I'm still trying to talk
Don't tell me to fuck off. I'm busy, and you're retarded. That's it.
Lecture half full today - rain. This Making Modern Science class is the last class I'm taking at UCI.
TIGHT- Winners on Howard Stern 'Triple X Factor' 4-25-12 (Warning this s...: via
Finished reading this week: Dracula, Game of Thrones, and Faith (Haigh). Next up: my Kindle user's guide. lol
#icantstand when ppl wear red lipstick
excuse me everyone you are beautiful just wanted t say that cause im feelin great yup nough said peace to the middle east :)
I can't wait until I get a new phone. I broke my old one :*(
Just Because You Have A Baby Don't Mean ALL Think You Are A Whore, Extremely Foolish But Not A Whore.
Josh Hutcherson looks hot in Journey 2;The Mysterious Island.
Don't know about the wonton skins (love the flavor/texture of r dough), but I'd def try them! I like the idea of dill & swiss!
I just caught a mini attitude smh
screw you chem...i dont understand a damn thing and i honestly dont give a shit
now THAT is an interview I'll be waiting for with bated breath!
Playing Copper Top tonight in Tuscaloosa!! 10p! Come out!!
On my way to for TNR! Hope I can make top 8 again in umvc3 =]
Congrats bro!! Keep climbing higher & higher
I'm ready for my first #dengbang please give me what I want!
Dear America: I would love a month when I don't have to curse a fellow countryman out for being a racist fucktard. K? Thx. --an aging ABC
On my way to bus -__- blahh cant wait for tomorrow and thurs and fri :D
! We're on at 1, see you there Hoyas! /yd
Hey its been so long that i have not got in twitter
What the fuck you want ?
Good analogy by Octagon's De Picciotto about sponsor signage & icebergs. It's just 1 part of sponsor's agreement that fans see.
I just came up wit a name for one of my ex's..... Its an acronym.. Tell me what you think O.O.P.S... It stands for out of pocket shit!!!
can I return that 90 degrees? I want to exchange it for 70 degrees.
girl not shit chilling in the trap lol!
false Nickelback is not a good band.
so u can make a video
hahaha that was cute!!!
#FF my almost east coast love: :D
is presenting Comm Impact Arts Ensemble or Collective - and the winner is... OTC Comedy Troupe!
Thanks for following our tweets!
ima get you your cash
Pics of wackiness with Child Bite over the weekend coming son
GIBBY ROCKS! iCarly is definitely the best family show on. Some stuff is so lame.
I just want him to admit that he's Spider-Man already.
wine is nice but whiskey's quicker.
Two #2seeds upset. I think your #wildcats could've played better than that showing.
it was hurting for a week and then after I ran my 40 it got all swollen and now it's hard to walk and may be a tear
Can't wait to get home and take a hot shower garbage truck got me smelling bad like wow lol
haha, it's all good.
Watching American Gangster good movie!!
Thank you so much!!
Green Bay? More like Green Meh. Curiosity satisfied. Onward.
Oh and Mr. Preselect? Next time at least try to make the mega-purchases AMERICAN, not italian, k? DUMBASS.
Middle age is the time when a man is always thinking that in a week or two he will feel as good as ever.
I don't make time for people who don't make time for me.
thanks for the show shout-out!
Interested in bowling all summer for FREE? Give us a call and we will tell you how. 585-427-7205
miss u too! #msn?
Let her go like a ballon! :)
ate too much now i just be laying on my back watching tv like ah ah ^_^
is the yogbox compatible with macs?
that story's got arms, er, legs
English homework. -___-
I think it's kinda funny how they would waist their breathe talking about me it's got me feeling kinda special really :)
thank you!!!
i can't remember which of the places we went that i was laughing that hard.
:) I appreciate you, Kendra. You're such a sweetheart!
Mission accomplished, i hate you all.
Great pumpkin patch pictures. very cute!
IM response to my potential Halloween costume: "That's a good idea, but have you ever tried to wear flippers?"
I don't care that its not even 10 am, I want it now!!
Yo. You still up?
People know how to push my butons and piss me off. .
Deleted my Facebook.
I'm the saddest I have ever been in my entire life. I wish I'd never let the psychoanalysts talk me into grad school. It's not been worth it
What is your favorite lunchtime meal? I love a good homemade turkey sandwich packed with veggies!
i think im starting to become a Kanye West fan
Gretzky's father was diagnosed with Parkinson's this morning, he said with his voice breaking. Thanks fundraisers for what they do.
we are studying policing and that shit is long with peels theories and the 4 eras
50 more followers? :D PLEASE
I am not about to get change from the $100 for only TWO DOLLARS -.-
queen latifah has, they have pics wit her and her girlfriend.... Hey boo hows your sunday
Why the eff does my hip hurt so bad?
oh yeah for sure. Maybe she could look ya know less fake
all i do is work
Im on to the Moon! 2x`s Riding in my space ship with my Caculator!!! #Future/Youngen
mirasol displays offer an unmatched reading experience: Color, interactive content that's visible in the sun & weeks of battery life!
Nas bringing it back with The Don
How do you BANK?
In case my daily campout didn't give it away, my tenure at American University has officially ended. On to the next adventure…
nice cock
Five Star Hotel in Jaipur Honored With Three Awards at the Recent Times Food Awards
#thaitanic in columbia heights lived up to expectations, thanks especially to the deep-fried "angel wings."
Sports media adjust their QB credentials with certain players. Romo chokes yet he a top 5 QB. Flacco leads team yet a product of bmore def?
standing all by my lonesome on platform 9 and 3 quarters.. Waiting for the train
x: while watching trailers in the cinema, I forgot what came x)
Appalachia Waltz is one of those things that never grows old.
Very thin ": Its a thin line between love & hate..."
Yeah.. I miss him :P
yeah, it's a technique haha. It's a thing!!!
chris is having a break out year so far .....
Can't seem to find my credit anywhere in the app. Is this a bug or is it just not featured anywhere? Thanks.
out to the gymm ,
If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. But obstacles don't have to stop you. ~Michael Jordan
lol it looks like it
lol tht bitch look like a Muppet with a wig on one of her pics :(
must LOVE museums of all kinds!! They're providing serious #aam2012 sponsorship. Thanks. Way to support communities!!
HA LOL she would love that but they wouldn't send no more checks if you did
I aintt afraid to drown if that means I'm deep up in your ocean <3
So cold in
Will POTUS mention education and workforce readiness as a national security issue?
Beta Chapter President Jason Zavaleta is visiting the Alpha chapter this week at USC to discuss collaboration and the future of DKA
um, yes. I probably should be, working on it. We still need to have that gchat.
u r not good at the sport of basketball
Might need a mid-day caffeine fix...
Evans: If MY cuts come down, That's armageddon, that's when the dist may not be able to continue operating (insolvency)
I really hate when people tell me "oh you look tired!". Really?! *&(*%^&*%
Why do people pretend girl scout cookies are good?
When does the Packers 2012 schedule come out?
JUST GRABBED THE POLO SWIMMING TRUNKS
Charlotte Beers: I think it's important to talk about ur failures. The worst thing would be a book that talked abt how effortless it is.
thanks for the follow as a small business we totally appreciate it.
When Mary was denied a room at the inn, Jesus was born
I have this overwhelming desire for today to be Memorial Day and to be on North Ave Beach.
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell "Sorry, I'm busy."
aw thanks :P
Got a lot of filming done over the weekend for our new short film! Still lots more to go.
I like to start a BLOG with I AM HEALTHY HAIR BY RACHEAL PRODUCTS>
25 years from now one of the hardest things the next generation will have to do will be finding a screen name that hasn't already been taken
coworker tossing her cookies. hope it's anything but
he's more of a shooter in the game. He should be a better rebounder and post player.
Congrats on the Gug! And: phew! It's a crucial set of questions. You will do them justice & help others see their importance.
AWP is coming up. Retweet if you're going!
Really, MLB.TV? I mute the game and your ADS STILL PLAY SOUND?! That sucks harder than the kids on the cover of TIME.
" lol when you almost bought that sonic game" You swore you'd never bring that up again...
Back in rainy PHL. Landed b4 we could see anything out the window. Not sure it's good to be home, but am looking forward to seeing the dog.
Honestly who would complain if Will Smith slapped them? Really. People pray for that shit to happen.
OMFG the right side off my neck hurt but idk why like wtf
That's what you get #Caps when you poke the bear!!! #Bruins up 4-3 now!! This series just got real!!!
I DIDN'T SAY THAT! I HOPE YOU PASS :)
It won't be long now till she starts dressing in black and draws anarchy symbols all over her notebook.
Boo. Now I just wanna go to school.
Thank you for writing about ! Much appreciated :)
Still packing -.-
Oh really? Okay, I have to make it down there to see you. We were just there 2 weeks ago.
Omg. I've been spoiled for the last year and a half. I'm totally not used to traffic in SD. What is all this?!? Move!!!
I'll be stealing that quote.
Beach wolf
": Starbucks stop before comic con with and the pops." Let the geekend begin!
2 years ago today I moved to m Milwaukee! I love my life here and it keeps getting better!!
We have your favorite make and model vehicle in today.
Tractable, gentle, pliant, and submissive, Clara
Rushing to the airport & making record time thru security: good. Getting that text with flight update (polite word for delay): not so good.
Friends, please spread the word, I'm teaching "Social Problems" this summer at UB!
RT : #ff it's follow friday folks -
hey i'm a model would love to get network with people thanks!
I need to tweet more, so I'm going to try.
RT : PYT has a krispy kreme burger it is 1100 calories... sounds insane... or like death on a plate
This weather in Portland makes me not wanna get out bed.
"Let's take all the clothing that doesn't match, and put it together!" - The wardrobe people at Skins UK.
": My thighs are sore"oh my....
ur back :D hi.
lmaoo <3 you as my witness
I despise the Internet on this day...
OMG On Errythang ! Hi Gorgeous ! Nh !
Just a country ass boy from scotland neck nc that's trying to put on for the state of NC!
Who tf still wear glasses without the fucking lens?! So fucking ugly.
Day off. I just posted a picture of my coffee. Maybe I should work out.
wow! so cool that you guys are using pinterest! I have been thinking about starting one down here... great example
One of my fav scenes ever:Office Space- He is rapping in the car and turns the music down when a black man walks by then turns it back up.
Great to see Sam Hutchinson make his comeback. Here is to hoping it all goes well!
I want to do a game night. Maybe we'll get jeopardy for the wii and you can put your name on that!
as a NewYorker & a huge fan, THANK YOU!
"Don't judge me until you know me, don't underestimate me until you challenge me and don't talk about me until you've talked to me."
RT : Come get a reuben for lunch! Thinly-sliced corned beef, Swiss cheese, sauerkraut and Russian dressing on rye bread. YUM
Don't drop that thun thin- haha hat the hell does that mean??
Rita Rudner~ Before I met my husband Id never fallen in love though Id stepped in it a few times.
sounds like a great night! I'm working on Bad Romance!
thanks for the heads up!
okay! Who's casa?
Cody pls i wish and wish everyday every night dream about #Tweetmecody if you do i will be the happiest girl in the world
Loving his new page:)
last fm? There's K Rizz on last fm??? Lol
Hopefully it will be up late tonight or tomorrow morning.
oh right! NKOTB right! Tix were expensive ... But keep me posted! Credit card!! Lol
Baylor can wear whatever Fugly uniforms Adidas wants to give them. They still cant stay in front of
RT: got my collection point for ! hello, !!! see you april 23.
I really enjoyed this Inno'play'ion session by Helene Blowers @ #il2011 - great encouragement for play, work, collaboration, co-creation...
Hey , what are your thoughts on getting wineries to shift their thinking on web presence (e.g. wine labels)? Seems hit and miss.
Oh, you liked a picture of Facebook saying I love god? You must be so religious.
Desert bloom porte kosher is ashley boucher z new nick name z
An idea without a plan is only a dream. Get a Plan.
this morning was amazing - so inspiring to see everybody out and hear the voices of labor!
if red pepper flakes have calories then my afternoon run just became a complete waste
lol. I might as well ask too lol. How y'all know each other?
gunna make burgers!! :)
Happy Holidays!!! We wish you a Merry Christmas!
I'm not doing anything in most of my classes lol
This nigga said all white people are manufactured in texas lmao
I'd say about a 2:01 could probably get someone in..
AND ELY KEEPS BEING SMART YO
anyone know if its on Dish?
RT : Renee and Judy will be attending the Pittsburgh Technology Council April 2012 Membership Meet and Greet from 3-5 pm today.
Blow me!
It has been announced that our dear family friend Laura Nyro has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame!!!!!!
So much hot stuff going on today. I'm gonna faint. *turns up dyson fan*
so awesome!
Most people are school are pretty
. Lets hold ALL who voted against #fairpay accountable, not blame women from #Maine alone?
MAX UPDATE: Grinder cleared from tracks, TriMet says MAX service will resume as normal by 7am
was just thinking i should! ok, tweet TK.
“: If your name ends in -iana you're automatically the prettiest person alive” Sweet.
": Some people come into your life as a blessing, and others come into your life as lessons."
Watch out Knoxville, here I COME!
This is the day that will never ever freaking end. I swear.
Looks great Craig!
Not if you and don't initial the call sheet outside of C-8 before Wednesday.
The Duke/OSU game just started 3 minutes ago and it's 9-0 OSU. I'm not liking this start. I think it's bc my Coach K shirt is in the wash...
ROFL? RT : Emails tonight from and are cracking me up.
thats what i was thinking:)
ok was just wondering because I live in Northern Va to Front Royal VA
I know it was stupid, but I need to know... do you forgive me?
“: i need more followers #teamfollowback”
LooL you tell her Girl!!!! :D
The Cubs will win the World Series this year!
" No goodmorning texts "
I think I will pour out a 40 on the 2012 February Calendar, Flash some gang signs, and get a tattoo in remembrance.
i got and Choooch
#didcthatcoming I'm learning way too much about Dane County, Wisconsin
There's a Woody joke in here somewhere...
My pleasure... u know u rock ya mohawk super fly don't u!
3,981 People Achieved Millionaire Status Yesterday. It’s Your Turn Today..
Good morning Clipper Nation!
You going to finally grace us with your presence today? The original pound of coffee is down to about a half pound.
Because that's what everyone needs...drunk hugs...from me.
you should have been up there at least 5 times already
When you swim into another lane and spear a dude at a meet.
Studying for a lamberty test is pointless.
I'm guessing at least five of the new donors were conjoined twins. So you hit 5000 in spirit.
- Two to add to the list:
,Please followback Me
Social Media specials to continue next week! #Facebook #Twitter Don't miss them!
how much u would cost for a graduation party
Managed mine to grow like a hand, but don't know about the foot
I know.
Gramma stalking? Is that a thing?
Bosh spaces the floor and give Bron and Wade lanes to the hoop. That's where they miss him. No 1 else 2 do that.
Hillary C was still paying off her campaign last year I think
Wow, you follow me but your profile is locked. I'm supposed to guess who you are?
lets go
My heart is broken by NBC's decision to end Parks and Rec after next season-- which will be only 13 episodes :(
There are only two kinds of people: happy, fulfilled attendees of 'Speaking of...' and those listless good-for-nothings who don't.
*waves arms* Still here!!! :D New job adjustment has been more time consuming than I thought!
Kelly Clarkson had the #1 song on this day in 2002 with A Moment Like This. It was pretty emotional watching her sing it when she won AI.
5. She's talking in a perfect, unending monotone. Haven't heard her use a contraction yet...
Swerve on em
I feel the exact same way!!
Google's Marissa Mayer asked to join Wal-Mart's board: Marissa Mayer, vice president of Local and Maps for Google, has been nominated...
HANDS DOWN MY FAVORITE 2 EMCEES
lol no one feels bad doing that
Industry peeps: If I were to sell an amazing documentary series that's already shot and edited and beautiful...where would I go?
You're very welcome -- sounds like an epic pairing!
First impressions of #linksy: Double rainbows and honey badgers pwning your social sharing tactics.
Such a fun event every year! RT : Saturday: Karl Strauss Brewing Company Beach to Brewery Beer + Music Fest! fb.me/B6ljPA30
Don’t miss tonight! The story behind a cup of coffee is told in this episode. At 7:30PM on MPTV 10.
Some Chicks be looking like a bus hit'em when that makeup is off.. Geez
Who said #Vick can't be a pocket passer? He's showing he can do it all right now.
Today is International Monty Python Status Day. Here's a few quotes to kick things off: "Welease Woderwick"
My architect is THE MAN!!! #KozRocks!!
I agree with you. Not true at all. Great meeting you yesterday. Ps. I miss UCLA.
God are these refs awful
When did it become OK to have a resume longer than 1 page?!? All I see is "blah blah blah..."
; It was a great piece. I hope it leads more alumni and students to check out the Lauinger collection!
i had the maddest crush on that brown skin thang
"Just like in life, you want your ups to be long and your downs to be short.'' Detroit Red Wings Head Coach Mike Babcock
what's that
And If I dont then what!? I'm not brave enough. Maybe I dont want that shit on my status!
key to deformation of humanities = transformation
