The game is pretty good, as far as I am concerned. It would be better if it had a point to it, though. :P
": Minnesota's weather is like Niall picking his favorite food. #MinnesotaProblems"
RT i need a translator in new york city who speaks bahraini arabic ASAP. #bahrain. please help.
Anyone having a problem getting onto Chase Bank's online site. It keeps bouncing out to search engine on me.
how LA win the series? Cause they better nigga
Need a Lakers jersey. Not to wear like some of you fucks. But to have. As a fan.
Since you and are back doing pods again, are you going to be doing a Plus One?
lol hopefully for like half an hour
LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT RANDYS BALLROOM!!! ITS GONNA CRAZY AND VERY PACKED!! DOUBLE DEBUT!!
"Armadillos have four babies at a time and they are alway all the same sex."
I just learned that we've shifted from zone 5 to zone 6a. Yikes.
in which city are you currently found in!? (aka living in)
sorry to see you go. hitting my follow limit again
I got my cup filled up, we came to have a good time so turn my music high we gonna tear this place up.
If anybody needs a cranky radical to run their tiny little broke library, rest assured I can
Oh, you have a tattoo on your lower back? You must have been hot stuff in 1996.
girl i wish. With these 3 majors i'll be a Dec grad. Btw, its been far too long. I never see anybody :( i be feelin alone lol
@ gottaeat tough to follow Gaga from Harvard
My son taught himself to knit..I was thinking..maybe there is a niche for him in a project like yours...keep up the great work!
alright so
#fml #valentines is coming up soon and I don't have anyone :(
u just earned my #respect 85 rage on RT : No!!!!! Support the artist n buy the album please. Alot work goes into their craft
“: who's going out & getting reckless tonight?” where's the poppin place?
Awww. They're adorable!
Very excited to be speaking at #gwcms class this morning about online strategy & agency life.
#thingsthatshouldbeoutofstyle Guys wearing skinny jeans
I only use it to be a little more polite. I try to keep it Rated G on here.
returning 's calls is required.
how are you gonna have an argument and then walk away?
Hubby has to go to an Army training in VA. Flight is supposed to leave at 11 AM. This will be interesting.
Shoot the ball, Gasser.
thanks! With your help I'm moving up ;). ♥
We're not all bad...
I'm so proud to be a Angel. I'm so proud to support and love a boy from Gold Coast Australia. Hater's opinions about Cody are not important.
Im trying to make filia, parasoul and peacock work. But parasoul is hard for me :(
Reading "Free the future of a radical price". Paints a vivid picture of the media business models over the last 80 years. Must Read.
I have literally spent this entire morning looking at photos of myself...
A surf board just arrived. #40U40 photo shoot.
#MyBiggestProblem is being too hard on myself.
IM RIDIN ROUND IM GETTIN IT ...
My boyfriend is skating & doesn't have his phone on him & I don't wanna go all the way to the oaks -.- fuck man.
wat is it i want to kno
Nerd :P
I have been able to listen to you guys for the past 3 days at work without hearing a repeat
Cool, I'll get back to ya. haha
Check out the great nonprofit organization which encourages the discusson on epilepsy. Started by our friend
You're disrespecting OTISR Temple!
.. hey hun .. not sure if ill be here Friday yet but if I am, I'll come thru!
thanks gents. :)
Aww, she's a cutie. Happy birthday to your kitty cat. :D
The moment the Twin Towers fell is day that will NEVER been forgotten in all American History
Thanks for the RT Carmen. Have a great weekend!
you've lost your retweeting privileges.
Thanks so much for the kind words! Also,globbing is done by the shell before ruby gets called but it should've gotten a mention
Omg only 19 more this is amazing!!!! :D
Group 9, Economic Vitality: using all group's elements for economic vitality, actual people create network, crowd sourced ideas
i love u
Screw you Clint Bowyer and while I am at it, you too David Reutimann!
It's been 5 yrs and 2 kids.....why do I still feel like I live in a bachelor pad?!?!
- I don't but I will make sure to keep you in the loop! I can't wait to go! - Lunch any time just pick a day & I'm there.
How bout then pens last night!!:D
I spent 50 minutes Running. 646 calories burned.
goodnight sweetie :) <33
amateur hour lol
I think ima get the samsung galaxy !
one minute please
I Hate Wen People " Think " They Know It All
RT :Out here in Juneau, Alaska with the homies , , , +More Killing It!!
Bobby Bottleservice, full service, the service
blak-n-yello & Platinum Prospects presents: BKNY In the Main Room: Resident DJ/Producer Tyrone "mixologist" Francis (blak-n-yello) + guest
The Boyfriend music video........ Ohmygosh.
People get sick in California?
AND SAY SOMETHING LIKE "YOU RUBBED ME THE WRONG WAY," SHE LIKED ME AFTER SHE "GOT TO KNOW ME." FUNNY HOW EVIL SHE IS. AND SHE DRESSES
My eyes are on fire.
No matter how smart you are, your heart always makes you dumb.
Dear crystal, I'm bored. Just doing my Spanish project and painting golden balls. And wasting time in Twitter stalking people.
We are looking for interesting speakers/topics about the Future of #Rehabilitation Tweet us your ideas!
You talk funny, Boston.
RedSox Radio- "Reynolds led the league in errors and Strikeouts last year. That's hard to do!"
then go to your kitchen and make some
My lor sista get on my nerves about netflix to early for this shit
One of my favorite people was at my gig today Jennifer Lopez with her manager Benny Medina
Getting my shoes shined during long layover in Denver. Now I don't have to do it myself.
Friend and Starbucks barista thought it would be funny to add two espresso shots to my coffee. Now I can't sit still.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 2
I'm just here to help
3 things certain in life: death , taxes and Nowitzki. what's up?
thanks =) did you hear I'm road tripping through NE next summer?? finally going to get to see glorious Ogallala!
Bummer. Don't tell Em I said that. #xoxo RT : Heading to Houston for the first Christmas with the in-laws (@ San Diego Airport)
To love is one thing, to be loved is other thing, but to be loved by the one you love is everything.
Having your class in the hall #likeaboss #clevage (;
Thank you!! Yes, I think I will blow his mind right now :)
Its crazy..i just passed my grandmoms house..i would go see her but my so called uncle is there..fuckin loser..ugh
Is that really necessary...
Thanks so much!! How about you, do you play any music?
No ideas. Going to go drink a bottle of wine and draw borders on 500 pieces of 8.5x11 paper.
#Politics How can people think of having Newt as president. This guy has been in congress 4 decades & hasn't help d people of this country.
sounds like something the Bush administration would say to get you to buy a war they were selling. Or the
well there's only one answer to that; banana nut!!
Forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair. ~ Kahlil Gibran
Hey Detroit! I have over 1000+ blank eyeglasses that we would like to donate to a local charity or several. Pls DM me any suggestions. Xo
That is just WRONG!!
Great minds really do think alike! Nice to e-Tweet ya!
thanks. yeah, forensic meteorology is fascinating to me. He was a great interview.
that's funny because I just screen shotted that and sent it to her 😂😂😂 let's see how much she loves you now!😂
Huntsman believes US colleges & universities are underappreciated, underfunded but still the best in the world
I'm not Fred Flinstone, but I can still make your bed rock.
RT : The best way to predict the future is to create it -Jason Kaufmann
If you're not following the hottest player in the NFL Please go follow now >>
She the best bitch i own.
Former #spurs legend #Jürgen Klinsmann new coach of the US soccer team - exciting times ahead for the US of A.
We primarily work with clubs in the South Florida area but also do private trainings as well.
We've got the new issue of , and it features some downtown #Madison local music venues. Stop by and check it out!
Watching The Lion King with my baby cousins. It's not a good weekend for my family. If you care about someone, let them know.
congrats on the b under-30 nod!
The night is dark and full of-OMG WHAT THE F JUST CRAWLED OUT OF HER??!!
What up Bro! Need some tracks...Lace me up!
and if you're gonna caucus, do it right.
cant...stop...listening...
My husband is a cop and we LOVE the show. Keep up the good work Hatosy!! PLEASE give the fans more
u at x-lounge tonight?
Session thru and be on the lookout for Caztros new track with video thats why session thru someones gettin it told to em
conjugation might be wrong, but by marionetas I mean sustanivos pardon
trying my first mangria tonight and loving it!
Glad to see Lakers go to seven.
I like this chick... She ugly but she cool lol
lol real talk
Why can't it be the way it used to be....
Yes! I will DM you my email and I'll pass it along to the right person. Looking forward to potentially working with you.
he's dope
You tell her bro!
Gherardo Casini jokes about "Washington consensus" on use of XML for leg open doc standards
Degrade the value of our labor, blame the culture of higher ed for structural deprivations, and then reinvest for massive profit. 2/2
That's why I downloaded and rewatched the season finale of #Castle :D
Watching n drinking heavily! RT : If you want to see unbelievable tension, turn on ESPN2 right now. These last 20 minutes...
If I could figure women out...I'd write a book n make me millions¡
Bored a/f
thanks for the add
yeah!:) u going to youth on wemdsday??
I WISH I could go to the game...I will be watching it on TV (which seems weird considering I'm in town).
Sunny & Bee-Yoooout-Ifull in Feenix! Time for the pool & some sun!
I'm sofocated .
LI'L D, to stranger: I miss daddy! STRANGER: Where is he? LI'L D: Hiding at home!
Aw, I dunno... I sort of find K. Thomas's "book every 20 years" thing endearing. And they're good books too. That quote is silly tho.
Filling out our annual report card
aww ♡ your Xmas card!! so sweet. year long fridge art.
Hair color is the pigmentation of hair follicles due to two types of melanin: eumelanin and pheomelanin.
Oh boy! What a fun contest to judge!
If i said it i meant it
It's semantics. Whether you quote it or came up with it, is the same. If you didn't agree, you wouldn't have said it
as bad as watching Chris Matthews MSNBC interrupt his guests you can never hear the other persons point of view
What are your favorite herbs to use in gelato #recipes?
i said youre!!! That counts as one. Whatever i deleted it
"I'll be back one day"
gelaskins! I'm half-tempted to get one of those in addition to my case. They're sweet looking! And I can customize it too!?
Gold..RT : Good Morning! They normally post 7-10 days after your closing date. Which Amex Card do you have? -Rachel
its a struggle everyday were stressin, but whats a life without dedication?
so i guess we started a trend for wisconsin-themed rap songs, huh?
'Liberty is kissing the one you carelessly in public
So enjoy Woody Allen movies!!
#nowplaying. Old Friends 4 Sale by Prince
Can't wait until I'm away from this fucking place.
We are testing today, so should be monday or tuesday of next week.
:D that's what I'm here for!
what kind of ecommerce work do u do?
"LASERS! THEY DO EVERYTHING WITH LASERS!" haha
steven segal movie !!!
If you hold a cat by the tail you learn things you cannot learn any other way ~ Mark Twain
First act done, one more to go :D
Hey Robin! I'm trying to figure this TweetDeck thing out. This is supposed to be EASIER? LOL! I have lots to learn! See ya! :)
Drinking water keeps you hydrated and oxygenated. Ditch the high-sugar sodas that make your energy crash.
60 minutes blows my mind everytime
I'm getting sleepy now!
Quote of the Day: Life is not about Winning or losing! If you win, You gain & If you lose, You Learn!
my goal is to redeem Bruno Mars in your head by the end of the summer. Since you choose to hate my
Yes, already done =) !
Daily Tip: Plan and use the safest and most direct route to your destination.
Community Supported Music. CSM puts dollars in the pockets of local musicians, enhances local communities and contributes to a good vibe!
those star wars figures don't buy themselves you know....
": If You're Иot Ready To Risk Everything, maybe You Don't Want It Bad Enough. . ."
. Lists of photos make sense to me because unlike other rich media you can view them at work.
cnn just reported 3.6% up for holiday season...that's great!....
Oh boo! Would have loved to hve seen you, but this was an unexpected stay from my trip home from Cancun!
A real boyfriend knows his girl like the back of his hand. he knows when she's mad, sad, aggravated, happy, hurt, because that's his girl.
"You fat fucker, You fuckin molee, You big piece of shit, You tried to trick the gucci"
Nice job on Wieber
and now it moves to the legal challenges...
You can't expect these youth to do better if nobody is teaching them better.
Diggin the new album :)
Always been a Knick fan. makes it so im NOT ashamed to admit it. Lol.GO NY GO NY GO!
Happy Birthday!!!!
Indigo Tree Publishing is not in the habit of recommending other's books, but Roger Ebert's Life Itself, A Memoir should not be missed
If your morning is starting out rough then the McCafe Caramel Mocha will be the smooth change you are looking for!
Yes!! RT : #Carnival has arrived!
texts that he sent her & I was like "YEAHH NIGGA. YOUR FAULT. YOU'LL MISS ME.(; OHWELL I WONT MISS YOU. NIALL IS MY HUSBAND."
god i love Niam. i go down with that ship hard.
Anyone have contacts/referrals to either Offices of (Juvenile) Justice? or Chicago ?
That's right
I learn more when i read what girls write on the bathroom stalls more than i do when im actually in class smh
Up late last night finishing DAUGHTER OF In awe! , u r a treasure, weaving myths infused w/ so much heart & soul.
So happy for u and Bill! <3Blessings<3
i see that being a problem in the future.. fuck it though its now and im young.
Ready to get back into the gym!
Chicago Bears First Round Wide Receiver History: Fan&#39;s Look
everybody to have the 21 in their pic, either on a piece of paper or with their hands it doesn't matter :)
It is really hard for internetional students to remeber so much professional words...especially the geology class...
thanks for stopping by today John, it was great to meet you...glad you liked the banh mi!
Only the place 2 be Come check out surrendernightclub Only
But not on ! RT : hrd frm Pats fan on USS Carl Vinson that Pats -Broncos is Amern Forces Ntwrk fans choice game of week
When Dorian and I have conversations about K-Pop, that's when you know it's true love.
you told me to.
alright watch
I never worry about u. Except maybe when u act a little too crazy. Oh that's right it's not an act. Haha
Prayers for your mom, Sara. What an extraordinary touching post.
Take a look at yourself in the mirror. Who do you see looking back? Is it the person you want to be or the person people want you to be?
#Winning RT : My 2 (uneducated) picks would be "I'll Have Another" (best name) or "El Padrino" (it is Cinco de Mayo after all)
Thanks for the follow, Barry.
what do you use right now? Send me a private message for more info.😊
RT :Special thanks 2 4 testing @ our play in NYC 2 come out & do tests live on stage!Audience loved it;wants 2 know more
Just ordered my #JeffreyCampbell high heel shoes! Whoot! Whoot! Happy early birthday to me!!
Relaxing watching , hahaha
Looking back on my life there's only one thing I coulda change
Lmfao, I guess dunkin donuts is the new hang out place for all the bikers and hipsters!? Bahaha this shit killed me! #Wtf?
Youre unique.. thats a good thing.
-Only God Can Judge me " <3 "
Only 8 votes separate 1st place and 2nd place in our iPad contest. Have you voted?
might be moving to LA \^^/ woot woot
RIP Whitney...stunned.
I guess sono kall me first
omg wow so thoughtful I should really take that into account......
I think it's time for a change
If they understand you then they love you..if they don't love you then they will never stay around long enough to understand you
I know. Because my observation that there is systematic and deeply ingrained misogyny is JUST LIKE genocide. #aiknowRITE?
LMAO!!! Tell them negroes to put the tupperware/paper plates & foil AWAY! You're supposed to be invited to take a plate home
I agree, sad that learning about an artist & their success or failures is often the least important for aspiring artists.
if you have his number text him or call him :o i could try and go earlier but it's not guaranteed.. Lol
If matters go badly now, they will not always be so. - Horace
good morning<3
It ain't my bday but I got my name on that cake! Believe that!
Today is pretty good for Friday the 13th! :-D
The Office has got to be the STUPIDEST show aired. #GTFO tv
Chris Brown Vs. Trey Song Freestyle
Had the best #acupuncture session yesterday! Feeling good and rooted in purpose.
the x-factor
So just tweeted something I want to retweet but I can't because she wants to be private & shit -___-
A simple how are you... can change someones day. :)
school monday I'ma dread waking up early in the mornings
I dnt feel right
RT : Joe Biden is the Flava Flav to Obama's Chuck D.
my picture is better :-P
iPad Contest Giveaway on Twitter! RT
who the fuck are you, to be a certified account??
Yes, very interesting, isn't it?
Oh wow, I remember that!! Yikes! Good thing it was a 1000-year flood, probably won't have to worry too much about that ;-)
Who wants to hang out just got off work?
Oral contraception is not purely sexual promiscuity
amare stat is so dumb selfish ass
is there any word on Holiday's status for tonight?
anybody!! watching the DUETS show!!
On second thought, I don't think the 99% are shopping at #neimans anyway ;).
one of my fave bars! Take a shot for me.
I don't even know what they do on that show. Is it good?
German Apple Cakes, baked fresh at Acme by Appalachian Granny! Order yours today! 614-732-2803
I wish I has my real camera with me! iPhone pics will have to do though.
" Coakley campaign raises questions about the integrity of the election."? Democratic version of angst takes the form of accusations .
#Thatscarymomentwhen you are in the shower and you get soap in your eyes and you think that there is a monster in front of you!
Cause the bastards need money.. RT Obamas Broken Promise Why r the Feds Still Meddling with States Medical #Marijuana Laws?
seriously! It's sick.
Those strike me as wise sentiments. Thanks.
glad you're here, hi!
Beat like a monkey!
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =).
criminal minds >>>>
I'm out of chocolate. This is terrible. One should always have good chocolate for Scripture study. I think that's what God must taste like.
Quote from language craft teacher about using supplement websites to learn grammer "its too dangerous"
As a Brewers fan, I grieve for you having to endure Ned Yost.
I would guess anything finer than my fingertip would be good! I feel like a caveman (if cavemen had iPhones) without a stylus
RT : Anyone have any tips for finding cheaper car rentals in the states for a week?
when im out there maybe you could teach me a thing or two about it cause im just not hearin it lol
Lmfao.. The video they made of justice rose dancing is 2 funny I was #DEAD :D
I like the way those hickies on your neck, really bring out your eyes.
yes, let's set up an interview. I think people including myself would like to know more about your skills!
The fuck is a Frank Vogel?
Check out my Blogs I will start posting - They will relate to Music + Life + YOU!
Yo I had a great time skating wit my cousins and we had a blast and i only fell 3 times
Yes, I just #subtweeted you!
What do you guys love about your neighborhood? The history, the community, great restaurants? Live music? Tell us here!
Just a quick note that I'm working on getting your info to you. Thank you!
Ya its unreal I've actually noticed that to...People are just too perfect lol
Those are pretty good, right? Give in to your urges! Hope to see you soon! :)
Remember that no man loses any other life than this which he now lives, nor lives any other than this which he now loses
happy birthday!!
TRLN doesn't want to end 80 years of cooperation in an e-book world, wants to lend to each other, right now can't- per Nancy Gibbs
Do u know Bebek?? Of course one can never compare'm..but I wanted s.thng at least that has water, nice people etc so I don't miss Bebek ...
Good thing you work in an industry that doesn't rely on you talking.....oh crap.
Thank you Michael Jackson for your incredible music
DAMMMNNNNN :D ": Tweet me the first word that pops in your head when I say "Mindless Behavior""
- Ron, we're so in sync right now... like, ‘Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays’ *NSYNC
thanx for the retweet and welcome to the world of #goodreads. It never gets less addicting :)
At what point does being so "busy" just become sucky for everyone? Not eluding to anyone in particular... These are just questions I ask...
only if you wrap it up :)
I'm going to tho baby(;
Oh yeah, we actually didn't know Liam :) ♥
if you dont show up in a wife beater I'll be disappointed.
going to the mothafuckin aquarium today !
Don't mind me, just livin' the dream! Well-- Maybe not my dream, but somebody else's dream. Feels more like a nightmare. Go away from me!
Current presenter: can artists be curators?
hey twitter works a lot better when you use it
Follow for some GREAT quotes .(:
It *can* be interesting. It can also be pleasant as well as unpleasant; juggling bills can be as much fun as juggling balls!
thank you <3
he's about 2.
My e-mail is
Handed in my application for a summer internship at wish me luck!
Lady Baltimore cake.
No, Hometta tweets are from Managing Editor
I saw a couple in the stream, but there may have not been many.
Someone in my class just said "brashear can suck a dick" and my teacher said "I like your sense of humor"... I love these teachers
b/c it's biden
do you know what a sugar-glider is? You should get one !
you better, I am closer to retirement than you are :)
Movie time!
that is the job of a particular , he says. :)
how long ago was it you visited ?
The NH legislature passed HB1241, which will allow brewers to use molasses, nuts, maple syrup, honey, sices, herbs, etc in their brews.
you do that all the time !!
Drama drama last night...Today: chill and sleep ;)
#thingsblackfolksscaredof PLANTATION, FLORIDA...wtf kinda name is that for a town?
Thanks for the RT and :-)
havent been on this i a long time i just been watching The Vampire Diaries I an So Hook on this show i love sefen and damon there so Hott
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
My teenaged daughter's friend is playing Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue on my piano as I type this. I wonder if he's up for adoption.
Dependable cleaners summer reading program continues at Yogibo this morning at the South Shore Plaza. Come on by
Bout to Rock Chico
I could spend all my time & money on etsy!
Great morning lifting session. Guys got after it. We even threw in a twist for conditioning which brought out a lot of competive spirits.
Tonight i'll hand wash until bed time.
yeah lol 4 days ago it was a month xD
Watching classic Buffy the Vampire Slayer on ; so much better than the lame novels I've been reading lately.
I just want to take a nap. But I'm going to go clean up target instead.
Maybe I was just not in the right mood. But they were boring me to tears. I think this version of the band may be bad.
Great service today at Kingdom Life! We had our first Conquering Kids service! Pastor BJ taught to soar as eagles! Love my church!!!
Watching The Kennedys on Netflix. I cannot handle the amazing-ness of these overwrought accents.
Is your middle name "Lucky"? Mine is.
oh sshhhhtaaaap it!
A conversation about eunuchs with an SPBS clerk inspired this plot point...
Robinson didn't use the term "double standard" in the Gradebook blog's transcript excerpt.
Relaxing and Cavs game watching.
Great meeting with filmmaking compadre this afternoon. Good things are brewing, methinks.
Absolutely. Email me a snailmail address () & I'll send you a DVD on the topic.
lol I been talking to u on mh other account :)lol
I don't know.
Aw you look so pretty in your DP
how is Sir Mark of Muncie?
I've myself up with a new mobile device and a new cell plan. Perhaps I'll do this more often now that it ia more convenient!
baby im not like the rest<3
it was amazing. You have to eat
If your social head down to and get some sweets
but thank you ha I was so bored on here an had to tlak to someone :D
shoutout to the best radio station. Listening from Costa Rica
u have a FANNNTABULOUS day too!!!! Xoxooxox
Oh my. I have about 3 months of my life I can't account for due to streaming Lost episodes on Netflix. Love it.
I had the pleasure of ripping all of my geometry papers to shreds when I got home! It was a magical moment I must say.
Arlington has a lot of great things to offer in the way of unique artists! Be sure to support your local artists!
Welcome to the m
Thank you! You made my day. It's greatly appreciated.
Damn, if I only had a hammer…
When a girl ends a conversation with, 'k bye' you should know you just pissed her off.
to be honest, I thought about 2/3 of the book was awful. It was interesting and insightful but I hope we can grab a coffee sometime.
Tonight mom told me she wanted to learn how to twitter lol
#1 on my list of #ThingsImSeriouslySickOf People who live in the city with #Dogs & let them bark @ kids & bring them into stores, etc
anytime! i'm always here if you need me <3
this is a death threat! Ok, bye
Heading into Trader Joes for the first time. Let's see what all the fuss is about!
sweet! Send pics!!
Aw.... love #lobster love #vacation! :)
www.joborworker.com, we just started, but save this link for the future.
Ham claims he hits worse during day games. Honestly, I don't see a difference at night.
is miami media celebrating? Knicks lose best defender & only guy who can bother Wade. Bulls lose mvp. East playoffs now a joke.
#jobsinmadison Web Designer needed to create buzz & excitement for growing co!!
Don't forget about Reptile Day today at Wehr Nature Center from 1-4pm.
I Googled "iPod Touch Data Recovery"
Nah, you've got to tag it on Instagram proper, or it won't be pulled in.
Sorry I missed your DM. Emailing you now...
The rain has finally subsided. Time to get my Mother's Day BBQ Grill on. I can't wait to see my Sister & her family today for dinner!
BEACH AWSOME.HOPE YOU HAVE FUN! #YEE YOU SHOULD write on THE SAND ND TAKE A PIC ND TWEET ETT TO ME.PLZZ:)
God gave me u 4 the ups and downs god gave me u 4 the days of doubt 4 when I think I lost way there r no words here left 2 say god gave me u
Just responded to you!
Funny, I thought it was just a bunch of dudes with pituitary issues running around. Thanks for enlightening me!
Hey , your damn servers are down!
I think I need a best friend or a boyfriend that's my species...so if your dog has a twitter, send him/her my way ;)
omg. I'm FINALLY on when you're on! :D AMMYYY!!! :)
Do you know a woman who's making a difference? Tell us why she should be recognized as a local hero for Women’s History Month....
How about them baby !!
*nods* I recalled somewhere a comment about users always find ways to surprise the developer.
omg so glad I'm not alone. I'm so annoyed by everything college related right now and everything relating to the future...
Nice! RT : I think needs 2 find 3 girl models. I have them: blonde, brunette and redhead-in my house!
The grass isn't "greener on the other side"... It's greener wherever you choose to water it."
miss yo crazy ass!
On the global scale? I'm with you
awww stayed up till 12 in the morning too oh well since its for you idc :) <3
not really, i hate it
As of 12:01AM, there were 9054 class searches via Course Guide and 538 students used Schedule Planner. Two great planning tools.
thanks, Brian. At least there was some good news today, too.
If I allow for preparation to lead to obsession as an impediment to substance, then I'll continue to circle without striking.
Was gonna say.. There's no way you, or anyone, is beating AT. ha ha How's the snow? lol
boy yoou got MY Heartbeat running A w a y , Beating like A Drum And Its Coming YOUR Way<3.
I'm sick of hearing Pac vs Floyd talk. I just want to see some big fights. I'll pay to see this Pac-Bradley match up.
Kweli, sir, my fav rapper for years, you have to include that song about post-Katrina N.O. you did w/Bun B.
Miami Heat have lost two in a row, both by double digits. It was the first time they dropped consecutive games by double digits this season
So excited to introduce you to our spotlight business owners we'll be featuring in the coming weeks!
ELETTRO-produced WE tv contest just officially ended at 12noon EST, May 14. 3 winners to be announced SOON!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked are you sure??
love ! amazing scents and packaging
awesome! I shall follow then. <click> ＼(^o^)／
Spicy as shit 🔥
Is it just me or did Al Pacino's speech put you to sleep or what? Jimmy Fallon rocked it though, love him!!!
Awkward moment when you think you forgot shorts because your legs are too numb to feel them
& MD ballot initiative this fall
Raiders win, are now 6-4 and in sole position of 1st place in the AFC West. Beat the Vikings 27-21.
Yes! We'd love to collaborate. Feel free to shoot Mia an email at !
you are equating your disagreement with #Occupywallstreet w/lack of clear message. and no i am not responsible for other's words
I long for a scarf, maybe a boot. A sleeve, even.
Not a good Friday for Tiger...
Half day today!!!!
Good morning Twitterverse. Let's see what's going on in the world today.
I am ready to fix me some Gourmet Hot Cocoa! I love having my own gourmet coffee, tea, and hot cocoa!
You mean street riding, as opposed to trails?
Kanye West All Of The Lights Remix - Pretty Lights
The Most interesting Ficelles in DC will visit FRANKLIN PARK tomorrow. Forecast for tomorrow is 80 degrees. Stay hungry my friends!
He just started a new account 12 minutes ago. ..
Punked out on workout today because of grumpy hip flexor. Have to be careful w/anything connected to low back. Don't want any more surgery!
keep it steady
Not sure, ask Williams. He mentioned it on Friday so thats why I asked. I don't think anything has been decided as of yet.
Lifes not so hard. You just gotta live, and learn from it.
see that's why I luv u.
Check out the 4 gutsy girls on the blog section of stratejoy.com The quarterlife crisis is totally normal & comes in many forms! :)
so hot it hurts
Ooh shut up. :p
So sick of eating salads but i #lost20lbs so i guess its worth it!! Just 15 more to go till 👙🏄
RT : : It may be too late for Troy Davis but there are others. Please sign up to volunteer
Oh really? Yea it's really small so most people haven't heard of it, but it's pretty well known in academic circles.
Aren't government contracts public record? Can a public library sign a nondisclosure agreement?
TOMORROW FREE TELECLASS WITH for LA Actors at 9AM PST. RSVP to . Hurry is space limited!
To be or not to be that is the question? TO BE!
Had an amazing time at 'Durango' and now enjoying shows and hang time in Texas.
#usnatarchives a2 research room staff especially helpful for a Friday. thanks
Sun 5/13 #DC free SOS #spiritual program: How to Develop #Detachment, & #vegetarian dinner 4PM Seekers Church BACK DOOR 276 Carroll St
#Obamacare: "People choosing unhealthy diets, no longer have to worry that their choices will reduce their access to health insurance."
Ask for a table by the fireplace - the ladies love it!
She was a speaker at a Conference.
After this class, I'll successfully have five hours to write a paper on the analyzing of a passage from a Greek tragedy.
Back in 1960s, 1 out of nearly 200 U.S. workers received a Sears paycheck.
RIP Don cornelius
In Miami, Florida touring with and see you tonight at 11:30pm-1:30am
Who Wanna Bet On My Lakers Tonight?
Haha. Love your smart mouth!!! Glad you found me. "You forgot your !*$%& chicken!"
Follow back? (:
Need 2 followers!!! Any Shotout Please :{)
#quote this
Listening to Whiz Khalifa feat Ricky Ross - amazing. This is such a cool song ...
Oh and follow our BRAND NEW STREET TEAM IF YOU WANT TO JOIN DM THEM OR GO TO myspace.com/mltmstreetteam and message them!
your obsessed
Me and my squad are in the building!
my dick was put on punishment cuz it beat the pussy up.
Terrible headache & starving
lol you can enjoy my silliness anytime!!
Yes. he yelled @ me in Shultz for spelling it Brian
thanks for the #ff !
Will be itinerant retailer @ Eastern Mkt Flea Mkt tomorrow tho tempted to go back to family's immigrant roots & trading all in for pushcart.
Congrats to Connie Romay, Prosperity Bank for #jbj40under40 recognition. Great service-oriented person with great service-oriented bank.
Last day of instruction wow
I set min. requirements for blog (1 class related post/week) but others can be creative.
starting to make my summer bucket list with the inspiration of tumblr and pinterest :D
Knew today was a good day. New PR on incline - 380lbs for 4 reps!
Follow back bff :)
AAM? Do I look like a marketer? :P
well, news conferences like the one Zimmerman's "legal team" just hosted just make things way too easy for &
Is always priceless
Loved last night with my two boys. Xoxo.
Founder of Quantumsphere, Kevin Maloney talks about Nano Technology on our show! www.onaair.com/
someone's mad abt something, someone else is overly sensitive abt something & someone is being a douche, typical twitterday
Drawing is fundamental .
randy would you like to ride my bicycle?
lol..so true!
why yes
Cuz he is horrible outside of shooting RT : Tell me why the 2011 3-pt winner James Jones is not in the game!!!
because it is cold outside.
Shane face hurt so bad he want the sweat to air dry he don't want his corner wiping any sweat off
no lol I'm livin in greenfield
How's life been, Sire?
NHL Playoffs - hoping my Wings will let this be my focus for a few more weeks!
#SongsPlayedDuringSex dear mama
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
you should go listen to one in the same an tell me if you like it
still no follow back :(
I haven't failed out of law school!!!! (yet)
is looking for entertainment, sports and mobile technology start-ups and working on content creation for live music concerts in 3D
Damn getting followers is a fucking task, some of yall act like pesky salesmen
& speaking french= WAY TOO CUTE! <333
Thanks to #eli2012 #aaw12 #aascu #nglc2012 #nglc for a knowledge-packed 6 days in Texas. Now ready to be home!
The question THA's Michelle Apodaca asks-- The 82nd legislative session... starting to bend the cost curve?? What do you think?
Rainy end to a fun night with the milmag crew.
I am randomly annoyed today by clumps of keys on keychains, because no matter how pretty the keychain, the clump of keys make for ugly.
i ship you and the word ship since you hate it :-----------)
The alumni Cougs are looking a lot flyer than the co eds right now
RT : Apparently iPads have been around since the time of Moses. Or was it tablets... -
Everyone should be hugged and kissed on the daily.
God Morning!
Aida at the Met....lord, what a set design. Does one need to be reminded why we live in NY?
*guys RT : im so attracted to white girls.
Brewers are now 14-18 on the year. Next game is today at noon.
President of #TeamInsomniac stii up working, if u were wondering...
made yur girl suck my big cock den blew my juniors down her chatter box
Nick Folk anyone?
I miss twitter though & come back to check in. If you're on FB feel free to find me. So... What's been going on, friend?
The small farm movement is alive and well. Proof? Visit any of the farmer's markets in Tally.
I don't have no fear of death. My only fear is coming back reincarnated. - Tupac Shakur
whole should b better than sum of parts
#RIPDirectionerPaula You will always be remembered and always be a part of the 1D family <3 
hello how you been
preach, tell it how it is.
thanx babe :D your too!!
wat letter does the word start with
Citadel's hedge fund platform Surveyor Capital will be hiring at least 60 analysts this year...this platform is really loading up
Im so high I could eat stars right now
UF - Gainesville bound in the morning for orientation!!!
It's a beautiful day for a convention! The booth 634 is just about ready!
Gametime:) go Rams!
I hope Sam Malone & Brian Long appreciate the KY Derby.
Just got this feed back from a client! “Noah was a pleasant surprise. He was the perfect entertainment for my Mom’s 80th Birthday Party. …
Anyone have experience with network extenders? Calls not always ringing/phone showing as roaming at times in our new house
did he die today?
Metro Weekly Spotlight Pick! Come see ALEXANDER AND THE TERRIBLE HORRIBLE NO GOOD VERY BAD DAY. Only 65 tickets left this weekend. http:…
Happy Mother's Day! Wishing all the mothers and moms-to-be a wonderful day!
It is hard to soar like an eagle when you are surrounded by turkeys
RT : Holy Cow I LOVE IT! just revamped this website and it looks awesome! Congrats guys!” agreed!
they're not real. move on.
Hello my Lovelies!!!! That just made me smile! 😃
Who she really is?? WHAT??
Double check for Raji
Majority of gate is out of state for a cup race. That is why we have the Monday Labor Day buffer for our race.
I agree with you on the BSB>N'sync
Merry Christmas to all from Extreme Moms Headquarters! Get out there and give
Very sorry about that! We got slammed today! --didn't anticipate the crowd....Please next time you stop by 10% off your bill!
damn I thought you was bald
you've been too stoned to notice.
i have to say that we have an incredible back line and Jimmy made some huge saves this week between the two games
its okay I'll be alright, don't worrie
I've never been to the strawberry festival, oyster bake, fiesta, etc...
of one of the explanations didnt include the word "Duck" then we have a problem...
Your welcome
Ok so we hv the Free VIP cards for the ladies & I just get a text from a guy tht wnts one bc he's gay..wht is the world coming to
of course
Hey tweets, I had a chance to visit the Debbie Allen dance academy. So inspiring and such great work. support her mission
easy: Kurt would want you to pick Joey
ight next time I work I will let them kno....
Yea is me ill upload that pik on instagram soon lol RT : that's you in your icon? no way lol
Heading out with Mandy on a reconnaissance mission to Richmond, VA. Can anyone recommend things to do or people to meet?
raphael is cool but rude
I need to throw a beer and bacon party. Extra bacon. Everyone bring something with bacon in it.
There has been only one Framed New Country Star of the Year Montage Trophy Awarded since 2004! This will be a newsworthy win for sure.
omg me too. I want to stab everything. Everything is making me grumpy.
Excellent. Just e-mailed you some questions, btw.
I am so sick of fake people
Cook County Hospitals report laptop theft impacting 7000 patients under Breach Notification Rule.
This weekend>>
But yeah, they're crazy boring!
“: Good morning! ” thanks! Good morning to you.
Flight for Life. Literally. UVa Nurse saves man's life "mid-air" more on this amazing story tonight on 19News Nightcast
Join us Tuesday nights at 9 p.m. where you can win half off your tab playing Trivia!
oh god it's snowing.
“ I'm single. Therefore I can call, text, mention, DM, talk to, walk with, hug & chill with whoever tf I want.”
Not sure how far in advance you plan, but keep your eye on ! Huge blowout. Start preparing your liver now.
I'd love to send you a gift from RK! Follow/DM an address to ship to :)
oh. i don't know. i don't fuck with anything EO related. lol.
whats up with it. Follow me.
About a 70% chance! RT : Portland March rec rain: about 7.5". City has 5" now. Chances of breaking record, ?
Not sure how many #construction workers check their Twitter feed before hitting the job site...but if you do, be safe and stay cool today!
Loving your profile
The charity near & dear 2 me is Ronald McDonald House Charities Northern Cali.
thanks por le follow
No one cuts me off in the middle of my sentences like mommy does. Gotta love her.
Favorite Beach Boys song? "Heroes and Villains," hands down. So epic. The most epic beach pop.
Love to hear the birds early morning! Spring time! Gorgeous!
Oomf is gorgeous!
Somebody call me NOW I'm bored outta my life!
Journalist...really?
haa i went up to ricardo and talked to him i told him tell jc hi for me
Preach! RT: Bruce Springsteen. PRINT IT!
Oh, yeah, totally agree. I think it's a case where he could have gone either way. Sour grapes for has work to do
Watching Dear John #channingtatum 😍
Mega Bloks Pirates of the Caribbean 3 -Danger from the Depths …
Is it just me or does Rivers travel every time on his first step???
Micah Solomon is our guest today... topic, Customer Service! Key, absolutely key to your business success! Join us!
My favorite song: Meet Virginia <33
Fresh cinnamon-chip scones while they last.
Can't find my favorite cereal on store shelves anywhere! #grapenutflakes where have u gone?
holly shit OBAMA is by my house
sad to hear that :-( sorry for the loss of your beloved family member! I'm sure he's running free and happy in heaven!
*it didn't happen, not its didn't happen...my phone hates me.):
#YouKnowLifeIsGreatWhen... you were being assigned to midway island and you were in the safest part of Hawaii.
I'm looking fwd to it :). Faith is such a beautiful name too. I love the meaning of it.
My mansion sitting on 40 acres. Who the neighbors? Kobe Bryant from the Lakers, now thats paper.
At the Young Leaders of the World Affairs Council of Atlanta Networking event at the W Downtown Wetbar| with & Derreck Kayongo
Relieve Pain! shoes control the way ur foot rolls w/ the right amount of force & stability, easing foot, leg, hip, & back pain.
CHROME. Do it.
u done grew up lil mama looking good :)
Gardeners bring food to market, and in return they take waste (manure) which they can turn into more food, a cycle that fascinated utopians.
I seriously had a dream about the #Rapids game today. Let's hope it goes how it played out in my head.
but that is a choice . Would you take 10 yrs of fame knowing you would die at 58
The Fakers are getting used in OK. To bad cause Kobe is such a great guy.
that crazy mama of urs is following u on #twitter, i just wanted 2 give u a heads up lol
I love the video! It's really good, and u look VERY hot!
U are very welcome! Glad you enjoyed the food! Don't forget to share the love via Yelp! Hope you have a great weekend!
finally picked up 's The Arab Uprising. Will continue to feel incomplete until I finish it...
“: Ferrandino running through the bill, benefits of civil unions... #coleg #civilunions”
I suggest planning it during #CBC12 in
after your NY concert you should come to Boston (: it's only 4 hours away<3 <3 COME TO BOSTON<3 PLEASEE WE LOVE YOU HERE!!(:
now I am drawing a blank, I am gonna google him
Its hard to write music take care of kids prep for upcoming show and do homework#soo hardbody with a mind of a god
We'd love to have you come by our happy hour. Will be in touch soon about it. Have a great rest of the event!
We're excited to announce that engineer has been invited to present Break a leg!
need to see yo face soon!!
Follow me back,Is Hot related to Watch The Big Bang Theory Online Episodes
I feel like im annoying you by tweeting you too muchh...
ok so MY song would be by your side by Sade.
What's going on down here in south tampa with the nonstop helicopters overhead?!? cc:
Thanks ! I definitely did and look forward to the follow up convos.
Padres give up there one good player for 3 Boston prospects. Should be a really great season next year. :P
So tired and there isn't enough time in the day
“: “: Every loss sets me up for a future win””...I wonder how niggas take it when the bucks say that
haters gonna hate.
Bulls season officially over. Rose out for the year with ACL/MCL tear. Thank you Bulls coaching staff!
Cool kids cowork and I'm here too w/ and !
Lebron James you SUCK!! Bulls Win!!!
Finally startin this night off right!
A writer uses a pen instead of a scalpel or blow torch.
I "quipped" my mind to quickly prepare 1st graders for a quite quavering trip to a quiveringly exquisite, cute colloquium.
Oh Barry ..... I can't wait for you to be gone
Nope, just the dates with 2 weekends again and now ticket sales.
Time to shift gears to Different site, new Walker scandal. Yeehaw.
Sometimes a winner is just a dreamer that never gave up.
what kind of accent???
Gresham man runs out of restaurant *on fire!* How it happened and the good sam who saved him at 6
I was never in the game SMFH
I had a nice vacation in Grenada 2 yrs ago. Tiny place; very pretty. RT : Remember when Reagan invaded Grenada?
This Women Rights stuff is really irritating. No one has the right to state whether women can or cannot use some kind of contraceptive
Yep, consistency matters right? So now my screen names are on Twitter and Instagram!
any time! “: Once again, you complete us. Thanks for the love.”
Yeah, please don't ever forget me, haha. Missing you and Y'all left me here.. Alone
Haha I can't believe they found a food you don't like :D Xx
Chris is only performing on DWTS tonight he's not a contestant
i just need more followers
This series was lost in game 1.
Feelgoodnights is so excited to hear Ami O again. This guy is hands down one of the best percussionists in the world. Live at EXLA!
Wanna keep your girl? Respect her, care for her, love her, text her first, make sure she knows how you feel about her, and NEVER lie.
WHy ? WHat's Going On ?
Our new song "See What I Need" is up on our bandage! Check it out!!!
Listening to Dr. David Orr discuss sustainability at opening of Daniel Burnham sustainabilty conference.
One directioner : she loves 1D ! & She loves glee! So follow her!(:
Festivus is not over until a member of the media pins Mike Trgovac.
"You should be exactly like me."
Good morning eatin breakfast
Visit Stanley Scan Modul stand B05 at #HBE9 to experience how SpaceTRAX can transform your medical inventory management.
He's so intense! He gets completely out of control even in regular season. Calls every game like Game 7! He's just the best.
but..we..are...a..love..story...no? We need to go to the theatres if I go during the summer. There better be a good movie on :D
15 hours of sleep last night
M this black coco coffee from Dunkin is pretty good :)
Music can do that to you - it affects you almost instantly and contagiously!
do a Michael Jackson move for your first NFL touchdown?
I got fired for asking for a complete and correct phone list, and I'll be lucky to get $800 in severance pay.
5:45 am mantra: coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!" #A Day! 5
Is it legal for to spam text you? Cause I just had it happen.
Hey unions and progressives, how is it that more taxpayer $ for public unions is what's best 4 taxpayers?
Back left corner by soundboard <waves>
Stop acting sill
When the person u love hurts u, forgive them. When u hurt them, they'll forgive u otherwise they never really loved u
Wishing I was playing taboo instead of at work:(
FASHION TIP: Cute socks (under boots & heels) are the rage this season, invest in some fun pairs to update your look.
INDEPENDENT ARTIST SEND IN YOUR MUSIC TO FOR THE "INDEPENDENT ARTIST SPOTLIGHT"!!!
if your from phoenix, az... stop by and twitter a hi or hello :-)
There was a rooster in my backyard :)
College talks with my therapist>>> ~Devin.Anne<3
Bring it on #Rangers!
Thank you, Lisa! You'll have to try Gingham! RT Congrats on your opening. I enjoyed dining at Burlap Friday
uhoh #ArethaFranklin and Little Richard on 3-way on Anderson Cooper right now
Watching the fog, feelin' the fog. Happily zoned-out :) Cleaning house and hoping everyone is having good work day. Especially Kelly - <3 U!
Watching The Talk lol so funny 😄
the new site looks great on my iPad! Great work dude!!
true enough dear! miss you! see you soon! xo
We’ve got so many DJs on the 1s and 2s that I really think we’re leaving ourselves vulnerable on the 3s and 4s
not gonna lie. i actually missed not having a moving night with !!!
The Dangers of Cynicism at the Office
I am exhausted and laying like broccoli
Happy Mother's Day to all you other Mom-tweeple out there. Enjoy your day with your children.
if i was in the track meet tomorrow, i would be so exausted!! lol
RT : Love seeing N. Irving get picked in the 3rd round - He is a VG ILB who has overcome major injury to become an NFL player.
lol I always found it challenging to stay objective when it came to writing about concerts/events. heh heh have fun w/ that xD
It's nice you want to talk about foreign oil but I'd much rather hear your thoughts on same sex marriage.
I'd definitely take him over LBJ. Add Ray to the list of people before Melo though. He has never missed a shot in his life.
Thanks for the stock tip. Just sold SOTUS rejection shares.
was caught at HOOTERS.....haha RT if that makes u laugh:))))
If youre reading this, you have nobody to blame but yourself for not waking up tomorrow morning
Evidence for time warping: I just tried to buy tickets to see Garbage at Webster Hall and they were all sold out. It must be 1996.
One-start suspension for disingenuous Ubaldo seems about right.
What is happening
You don't like my words, don't listen. You don't like my appearance, don't look. You don't like my actions, turn your head. simple as that.
Let's go #packers. You're due for a playoff win! Tonight is the night.
WHY CANT ME AND MY CRUSH BE THAT CUTE OF A COUPLE I MEAN HOLY SHIT.
Community shout to and
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop talking to me.
omg u r an amazing singer tell me r u gonna come out with some of ur own songs? Because I would download them in a heartbeat!
Bad karma is my best friend.. She'll hit when you least expect it..
oh its you:P Haha I thought you were someone else
“: nothing like listening to in th morning! #wakinguptobeauty” I love you!!!!
i bet yours is better
thank you!! If you dont have plans tomorrow some of us are going to la ha around 7 for margs if u wanna come!! :)
oh all of a sudden we are on the same time again...LOL
bachelorette party m&v style: fabulous dinner with exquisite wine, then club
QT : *sings* HEY I JUST MET YOU AND THIS IS CRAZY..BUT HERE'S MY NUMBER SO CALL ME MAYBE ^____^ Lol
Steve Blake!
Todays gonna be a long day! Schools not fun!!
For some reason, the temptation to do some water related activity is extremely high. About as high as the tempature.
You Obviously Like Oreos (:
he's already gone </3
Just met TTU BYX Adviser Greg Sands, head golf coach! And he's coming to chapter! SCORE!!!!!!!
By the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right, he usually has a son who thinks he's wrong. ~Charles Wadsworth
because he's a senior he may play right away.
I am looking forward to this, get ready for the entry!
props to for her handling of 's personal attack against Cable news can be shallow but this was a legitimate Q.
OMG! We're checking out and on our way!
That article about Maddie didnt make me feel better. we still havent found her. The police arent disclosing anything. :(
I'm planning to give my humidifier some extra time off after working so hard the last few days. I think that's quite nice.
I loves all my followers :]
PUB CRAWL & ROCK PAPER SCISSORS TOURNAMENT TONIGHT! ON OUR WAY TO GINO&CARLO 548 GREEN ST. WE'LL BE THERE UNTIL 10:30!
“: That bestfriend that you can have a whole conversation with... just by using facial expressions” .... :)
Don't mean to be uber-lame or gooshey or uber-lame, but the hubs and I just watched #TheVow and it was pretty.damn.good
we got rain wind and hail. :/
love ya 2
if it's clear on the coast - go for happy hour at C level (part of the restaurant Island Prime). Check out the coast at La Jolla.
#Browns drafted 7 DB's since 2006 not on team now: Larry Asante, E. Wright, B. McDonald, C. Francies, D. Carey, D. Minter, J. Hamilton.
Thinking about doing a editorial on you for my final in journalism..Whatcha think??(:
Where's the PARTY?? MacDinton's Irish Pub in downtown St. Pete w/ RIGHT NOW!! Get Involved!!
We have SEEN effects of TAX CUTS & it is a FAILED policy. Tax Cuts do NOT create Jobs OR improve lives of working class people!! Obama 2012!
she's a white bitch that wanna b Mexican but ur a jap bitch that wanna b a nigga so bad... Both a u bitches is confused lol!!
Timothy and I are going to see that movie tomorrow. and starting "2 Super Awesome Fags Talk About Movies" after it
Okay when's the next break? Lets start a count down😖
Oh twitter, how I've missed you 😍
THIS JUST IN: Poet, Performing Artist, and Niece of August Wilson Kimberly (Dr. Goddess) Ellis will be hosting this year's #AWMC on April 2
that's like a crazy meth addict taking credit for their rich and famous uncle. Doesn't matter!
Hope all mothers have a #HappyMothersDay you are all amazing!
i just forwarded you precise mp3 link drop,let me know how you're feelin it.
"I've been alone for almost all my life, what makes you think that you can ever do me right?" 🎧
that's the ufc after party hosted by Faber I think BOOM!!
W Who do u think will ace the interview portion? My choices USA, INDIA ,Australia, and T&T!
yep I agree! I hate when people say I hate blacks cause I am Republican.Clearly they are just misinformed. Lol
that is a tuff one but id probably go with hill but id be 50 & 50 as well lol
it needs to!
Omg... its friday the 13th did I really just realize this, and its eerie outside. ok now i'm just a little creeped out
yea dude u gotta find it all like pokemon lol
Happy Friday everyone! And a beautiful one at that!
how you been young lady
Defenderfest TODAY!!! Get stoked and get there early to see super rad bands!
almost 3a.m. :/
Has anyone been to Studio 200 in Milwaukee? I'm spinning there this Saturday with my girls Jen Dub & Mali G 10-close No cover!!!
right on !!
Do you think Proms are Stupid?
Loving dogs should be a 2 way thing - we need to satisfy their needs as well as our own - it’s important to learn their language.
The #NSPA Keynote speaker was #Oprah's main squeeze and a power onto himself --a guru on self actualization.
RT : For what? Not knowing what a stranger intentions were? They acted upon learning.Now they have to predict actions?
yes this is day... you were lied to all these years lol
For every kid who is not the tallest, the fastest, the most athletic.. Look at Andre Miller and Steve Blake and keep your NBA dream alive
No you guyz did not deserve to be in the bottom two
The Hangover 2 is not nearly as good as the first..still a decent amount of good laughs though...
This song doesnt stay gone for long.
thanks for the follow miss lady!
Planned Parenthood of Maryland fundraiser. My wife is the incoming CEO.
or follow me so I could dm u
Great NHL Playoff action on NBC. Get ready for a great night of world class Fire soccer at TOYOTA PARK. Go Fire
Remote Conductor is currently ranked in the Top 50 Paid iPad Apps in the Utilities category!
I will send her a msg via facebook & ask her look around for 2 of them for me.I have Radier truck around the corner from my house
In 10 hours I'll be at LAX picking Nick up from airport. His first time home since 12/5!!! Very excited!!
Where is an okay place for happy hour in Seattle?
Speaking of TV, it's unbelievable how many shows have been cancelled... Lots of shows I watch! So annoying!!
Glad I learned how to play Spongebob songs on the guitar, kids are easily entertained by sing-alongs :P
Hope You & Scott are enjoying yourself here in Green Bay Miss you on WNFL come back soon
And yeah, we will need to beg/bribe...whatever it takes, really.
T.G.I.F.! Head over to #Fridays for #HappyHour from 4-7pm. We've got all the best food and drink #specials in town!
Finally moved into my new place and I love it!! :) Anyone want to help me unpack?
. we love them since they are so cute! I want to give them a hug :)
The more I work with clients, the more I firmly believe that if you can't say it in markdown, you shouldn't say it at all.
My wonderful family missed me so much that they're coming to see me before they even go home 😊💙
uh did you really mean to tweet that?! LOL
MLB.TV subscription + GPS spoofing app = I'm watching the Brewers on my phone at work in downtown Milwaukee! EAT IT, BLACKOUT RULES!
I love my vaporizer. I literally have it on al day and night.
I Got My Eye On YOU.!!
night Austin:) do I get a goodnight back?:D<3 btw loving #SAYSOMETHIN needs to be on iTunes!<3
Talking on the fone :))
At EE-Sane in Milwaukee for some great Thai food.
Blessed indeed
I'm SO proud of YOU, your such an incredible passionate singer forget autotune baby U ROCK!!!
Google's Motorola Acquisition Ups Ante in Apple Competition
waiting for my boo to get back to the house.. watching bgc. Whatcha doing??
Eyelash! Awhhhh I miss you girls!!! I haven't gotten a paper? :/
chills watching past video of Whitney Houston performance on the Grammy's-what a voice- "crack is wack!!" what happened? RIP.
Shout out to the birthday girl!!!!!! Happy 21st hottie!
Yay! RT : Hilarious YA with a multicultural cast of characters. I couldn't stop laughing when I read this story!
last night!? Lol
i want kisses from Shug and Buttermilk too :D and Walter when he gets better <3
HAWT!! I was like, "Where has he been all my life?!?" LOL
Man in front of me at the theater has a cooler...how did he get it in?
Hip-hop was created by the dj!
-Ty doll! Follow pls, and play #TrendsTues each week! Thanks for the tweet! xox
Let's #Dance - Jump - Sweat - Have Fun and WHOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOO :) email us if you have any questions @
support group sounds good!
June 29th,Section 3,Row L #1DTOURUSA I'm an Irish Dancer so I can all five of you boys irish dance for me?-Madison
Obama"When I think about those Soldiers or Airmen or Marines or Sailors who are out there fighting on my behalf" Really? Your behalf? WTFRU?
Of course, we're still giving away free copies of Fahrenheit 451 at the "Ask Us" Desk. Get em' while supplies last!
What is wrong with the women on the bachelor this season.
Haha, as tempting as the first one is, we'd be more inclined to post the latter. Less stiff competition. ;)
All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man.
#1Dredorblack PROUD OF ONE DIRECTION
it's not weird! I find it very attractive
my man, what course do you typically play? we wanna design it for you as payment for your feedback
where at
Good morning!!
Poached eggs, sausage, grits, OJ. Perfect southern breakfast.
That's it, Bruins are the 2011 Stanley Cup Champions
+100 RT : A3: And get a mentor or coach to assist you in pursuing your life's passion for contributing
Attention #NascarFans! The BIG car haulers are in #Walmart parking lot in Hamburg w/ parade through #DowntownLex! Send us Pic of Favorite!
Cuz I no rich. Lol. RT : why you no there?
good luck jack :)
haha, you are so funny!! :-)
Thanks to Everyone that came out to J&B's Tavern last night you where amazing packed house with great people. Can't wait for the next...
We're losing our freedom to unelected commissions, boards, and bureaucrats. Inevitably they act as little dictatorships. They run YOU.
Holmstrom did say he couldn't see himself playing for another team
SAME HERE IM SO UPSET ABOUT THIS, THIS SHOW IS NOT LIKE IT USED TO BE!
#85PBRFord making stuff complicated
I scheduled a Meetup!
Good luck darling!
“: Good luck today to the students who are taking their EOGs.” [mine are in #charlotte ]
You raise a good point! RT Not at the end though. Home of the Brave is clear.
Giveaway winners announced tonight at the Party at Cleveland Browns Stadium. Sponsored by and
#YouCuteAndAllBut...who am i kidding youre gorgeous.
3 ducthes rolled watching scarface the 1932 version,I love this movie
if i see him toma im ducking an dodging lbs
Nice one!
I want to get up and go this morning, but I just don't want to put the heels on yet...
I know! People were all talking about that last game too.
WHAT UP SEXY!! WHERE THE HELL YOU BEEN
Were we not following each other?
Shout out to everyone getting kicked out of the Holliday Inn. Sorry we ruined it for you. #421 can't be matched
i love her more :)
when im with you, I try to make every moment last because i know the second i leave, I'll miss you again
oh haha okay! You British people have the funniest way to say things.
No way that is anyone's burden! He's going to #schwingit at tonight!
must not tweet
After a year at Condé I finally bump into legend Fred Woodward in the elevator. It's a
You don't believe man
*butter-lettuce fist bump*
So glad everyones telling me that Coach Way told the whole guys soccer team about my golf cart incident at our fundraiser last fall
don't tell me tell your doctor lulz
So, popped in to the twitter :) Morning dearie.. how have you been?
your welcome ^.^ and thanks(:
BBQ beer and billiards... Not a bad thing here either
I'll be thinking of you while I down my quad shots of espresso this weekend. Seriously, good luck!
i feel that my emotions are getting in the way of my thought process....
We just washed the Dachshunds. After running and shaking off they are sound a sleep. Love them dogs! What a life they have
Ah, so SourceTree could set GIT_CONFIG but you'd still need to include the non-conflicting values. Unfortunate.
Get over yourself.
agreed! iced is even better...
ALALALALALA. So. Bored. :\
I think you're right... Problem is, nobody's heard about it! Help spread the word!
we need more comfy guest chairs, too. We have to get things a little at a time :)
Thanks for all the retweets and mentions! You do great work:
but only in Saturdays. 6 days of the week breakfasts do not rise to the sublime status of DO.
tomorrow is going to be a terrible day..
Can any wide receiver or tight end in the state of Georgia catch a ball this week?
"This is for couples blah blah Do you have a partner?" "uh no..." "Sorry than you obviously don't qualify" "oh...okay..."
Oh, I was pulling your leg man! I had a couple of stories to end the week. One on San Miguel Fire, and another on SD Unified.
Why does #gchat say that it is "Watching Everyone"?
i'll tell you later
Stu went down and was kicked in the head. Later at home still bleeding from the gash in his head, he refused to let his mother call a doctor
You don't have to defend yourself to me, this is a jugement free zone.
What are you going in for?
sounds good man. Same number. Talk to ya soon!
Don't tell me a prollem and expect me not to have my opion and then be hard up bout my opion. My opion don't matterso why b hard up.
Hey Lee! Woof!
come to the stork club tonight for a free hug . oh, and we're playing at 945!
Why would he shoot that
PLEASE DONT LEAVE ME):
please follow me. I do have time for you and I care about you. you are all very talented!!!
Id love to interview you for my blog! I'm trying to find Chicagoans- new/old/forever- to see Chicago through their eyes!
Candidates doing introductions. Tone has already been set - folks are fired up in the 9th!
Sure is Big Guy!
Looking forward to lunch with and today. Time to find out more about the Portland Tech scene!
RIP to co-founder of LRG
i haven't owned a pair since high school. LOVE THOSE SHOES!
Of coarse not! haha. I would never do that.
I can't wait to carry this pillow around with me this weekend at the competition hahahaha. People already think we're the weirdest studio...
It's supposed to rain all weekend. I can hardly wait to hunker down and do some stitching. My machine is calling my name :-)
Nice real nice
Me and my friend were playing the random game.. "justin""bieber""is""sexy""and""he""has""alot""of""swag" ha
bring me home an ipad
Tell me and I forget. Show me and I remember. Involve me and I understand. ~Chinese proverb
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers :-) R.I.P. Mom, I love you :-)
New deal with SG Biofuels - cool company taking plant-based petroleum to new level. Great to be back working with JD Davids!
just went to grab lunch and saw a lot of people being really polite - to the empls and each other. Was so nice to see!
I'm loving Justin Biebers album! I have caught the Bieber Fever !
When do wanna pick them up?
Looking forward to another great class tomorrow ! Can't wait expand my essences!
The chicken has left the coop
Orthodontists suck. A lot. I hate them all.
Thank you for all the fans that came out last night! Was a great night! You guys are great, there is nothing like coming home!
Ohh okay lol I'll look for you :) and Will do, same to you!
The hashtag "#nerdprom" for the WHCD couldn't be anymore out of touch and condescending
It’s Funny Fish Time: What do you call a fish with no eyes?…Fsh
looking for talent for the worldwide superfest for philly showcase.
This is amazing!!!!
Laundry all weekend for me. How about your plans for the wknds?
I wanna go home, but if I go home I'll go to sleep. I can't go to sleep.
Lets start over. Stop fighting about the same old things.
There may not always be a right answer, but chances are you'll know which is wrong.
"for he's a jolly good turtle." watching a pet cremation.
This ESPN retraction seems fishy.... If he wasn't suspended why the word "resume"?
. these are wonderful episodes! Thank you Bob.I had a blast. Now I must sleep.6:30 call tomorrow.How was Australia?
30 hour famine show was beautiful! Thanx to all who helped pack the place!
WHY DIDN'T THINK OF THIS: Peapod using QRCodes and Bar Scanners on a wall with images of product to order your shopping list !!
Sitting with the team at the #Pinnacles2012. They're cleaning up with three awards already! Congrats!
Lolololol it boosts my self confidence when a 6th grader tells me to call him and blows me a kiss . O.o
Today was a long day ! ready for the summer ( :
Hair and nails bouta be on point for friday :-)
Happy Birthday!!!
and we are underway #MISLChampionship, to be decided today in MIlwaukee
Good morning Everyone waking up reading the Secret to Teen Power!!
Esther Cepeda: Stop your pandering - Indianapolis Star
I love peace of mind! n/s watched pirates, stranger tides american idol/ taping survivor!!
Young people are out in full force tonight! The future of
Public education is failing in such a miserable way. I just don't understand.
Hospital Radiology Partners Names Dr. Mary M. Saltz as CMO
don't stress about it to much! :)
Amy Wilkins Event: There has been educational malpractice directed at students of color and kids in need
Awesome interview with #karmin on #johnjayandrich!! Love their music!! anyone else!?
We must take a stand for injustice!
Long day tomorrow :) ;)
Hung out with last night. Can you say dancing with the stars. Fun times
Digital Citizenship, what do students need to know?
I'm on page 25 of an RFP and still no description of the project.
Interesting opinion: "You don't mortgage your home on a new venture when you can't afford it". Why #asteroidmining shouldnt be a NASA effort
Who wants to pick me up to go downtown?!
RT : April, 2011: the month that women's college basketball caught up to men's college basketball.
NYC FOR LIFE. R.I.P COOKIE.
oh ill show u the picture in a sec when i find it
Oops, sorry about that. It's working again, and includes info about the Twitter login requirement (which is changing soon).
hahaha I hope so. I would blow that up and put it above my fireplace if that was me
Way too bizarre. Yeah, something about it was planned.
Happy birthday to my mom/mum/mother! (: lol. Tons of ways to say mom (:
The door that will no longer open is usually the one that you slammed shut.
People Wearing Old fashioned Style Clothes Unless You Old. I Pray For You.We Got New Style In 2012. I Have Three Words You Ratchet Af Bruh!
I dont wanna buy followers id rather wait and gain...
Lol you are now tied for first.
Aww thanks Peyton! We love you! <21. But your the HANDSOME boy that makes MY world. :)
Is it wrong to retweet yourself? ... I'm sure there's a low-brow religion joke in there somewhere.
Txs for the follow Your Neighborhood Plumber for NYC & L Wes No extra charges nights,weekends,holidays or emergencies.24/7
Best part about this all is... It's cousin a m$$$ f##$$ musical genius... It's not a Dream its Destiny
Baffles me how different the hiring process is in academia vs business. Not that one's better than another, just so different.
I'm helping a couple of business people with their online and traditional marketing. www.houstonpcguru.com for more info.
Vandy had no clue...
I love u...I'm just not ready to tell u yet.
we can make that work. id have to make a detour to get to you tho
Same here!
I know! It's been reminding me of when we went to the Star Wars premiere together <3. I miss you!
Come out 2nite to Outriggers w/!!!!
Today I ask for company along the way, recognizing I cannot do this on my own. My whispered prayer is for authentic community.
can't wait to start playing Wall Street Survivor w/ some friends!...excited to be beginning the journey of becoming truly market savvy
Sometimes I wonder what my friends really think of me I think nice things and when they need to no the truth I tell them
Help your child with #ASD stay focused on chores by chanting together. I like chanting to the tune of Frere Jacques.
Shot outs to my 558 "PAKALITES" for following ya boy.STAY DOWN WITH THIS "PAKALITE MOVEMENT" All artist wanting a hot 16 get at me! PAK/rt
got into a small car accident. Just a little scrapage action. Make it a tall beer
@ This club/bar in HARPER WOODS wit rollers in my hair & they talkin SO WHAT? BIG PROOF wore pajamas Y I CANT wear rollers?
Got the dub, no practice tm and home field advantage for playoffs
lmfao i hate my ex so badly .
Where is this meeting on LEED at and who's attending?
The XO Skins should help clear up the look of your screen by reducing finger prints and smudges.
RT : may have to change their Twitter account to read as
I only likie waking up early for school just to watch Boy Meets World on abc. c:
The Catalyst-Linkin Park☺
Calm stress & promote relaxation: Massage the area between yr eyebrows (this activates the acupuncture point, yintang, your third eye)
RT : I think we may safely trust a good deal more than we do. ~Henry David Thoreau
haha so true!
I think "crazy" was being used in a derogatory sense.
Happy birthday to sal :))
Kristin, let's chat soon about interviewing you with so glad we met at
Hopin and and ...follow me back :(
I will miss erica
you just made me spit up my water omfg WHY
Two beers and wasted at Lillie's! :)
“: Seriously craving a muffaletta from ...can you PLEASE deliver one to PA?!” we miss you! Will send one with Matt
