No extra hour of sleep for me today... :(
Howz d conference going? We R having a good time. Hope 2 mt u. Stp by R booth. RT : At airport waiting for flight to
My only wish is that I die real <3
nothin spooked her i made her mad lol
Um, was that just an earthquake in Baltimore?! Everyone okay?
-- is the theme watercolors? (Or things seen while traveling?) Lovely pieces :)
do you have a link for germany game?
Every time I'm confronted with hoards of unruly children in public I can feel my uterus disintegrate a little bit.
Thanks~for~following~homie~much~love.
Skinny = anorexic , thick = obese , virgin = too good , non-virgin = slut , friendly = fake , quiet = rude. You can never please society.
how was that
Wow. First time for everything.
I'm good g
We'll be enjoying some live music tonight from The Blackberry Bushes @ Brave Horse Tavern.
Can wait for NEw EPISODE!!! ah so EXCITED!! luv yah!!
"I hate people who lie to me. Who can't tell me the truth, who break my heart."
#Patriots select #Alabama linebacker Dont'a Hightower with the No. 25 pick.The fourth Alabama player selected
#youmightbeanautismparentif Yet there are still moments where you understand why some of them stay together.
Looking to connect with people familiar with the aviation finance industry and their data/information needs. Know anyone?
Wonders what the move from LA to Milwaukee will be like
No PaPa J's open mic tonight due to sports. Go drink a beer!
I know it's a Wednesday, but the mall seems more dead than normal. And talking (yelling) on a cell in the bathroom? Really?
BBQ Bacon Chicken Cheese-steak acquired.
I'm not dead. (At least...not yet. Give it about 50 years or so.) Just been busy...lots changing in life these days.
Oh , that's why you can't text back ?
kisses my feet 👣
I'll need to improvise to fulfill David's challenge while in Jamaica this week
Wtf there's actually halfway decent music on Freemont tonight
Postal Protest in downtown #Milwaukee at 4pm to save Saturday service and stop other cuts.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people get mad at you for having a good time.
question why is twitter un followin people who follow me? very sad:( upset
Thank Eric. Going through the last days of our cat's life. This was very helpful.
i will not tweet you(; -emilypeters.
Hill balling
good morning girl! But hey, niccas don't sleep in Vegas Bee!
"Man, all that jelly and no toast" said the man trying to pick up the gorgeous black girl in Miami beach
it's not his fault!!!
thanks for checking out my blog! Episode 2 of Baby Time will be out soon as well! Jackie says hi too.
Take the time to say something positive to at least 2 people today that you don't really know.Your words might just brighten up their day.
fuck it imma juss buy another one nd call it ah day
ehh why not Do it anyways I do
Thanks for helping us do some Spring Cleaning during our Blow-Out Sale! We made lots of room for new products. Stop by.
I'm sick as shit of this rebugnican nonsense.
Not half as bad as Daniel Radcliffe on SNL last night
This women is really working my nerves.
Exactly. A Chicago '68 riot wouldn't have helped the president's reelection prospects at all with the whole world watching.
I want to go to there : Buckwheat crepe w/ caramelized Walla Walla onions, Gruyere & spinach topped w/ a poached egg.
Our friends at ASA are close to 1000 followers! Help them get there!
Wanna gain 200 followers? NO. I don't want 200 random creeps following me.
Taking a nap during my lunch break 💤 >>>
lol well your a busy woman. You got a boyfriend
Catch the Mammoth @ Rochester game live on at 11:00AM MST. Let's Go Mammoth!!!
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.
Today is gonna be a good day
Marvins room is a good moviee!!
This time tomorrow, come to the Tech Lab to watch the two candidates for President 2013 discuss their platforms.
Looks like a sunny Friday!!! What are your weekend plans?
Rasta Smiley Sweatshirt – Have a Nice Jay Hoodie
Spielberg attaches his name to a lot now, not all good. I don't know what's going on at this point, may as well go to bed.
Thinking of our neighbors in the DFW area tonight; our thoughts and sentiments are with all you, sincerely
7 of last 9 Stanley Cup champs didn't get past the 1st round the next season. #NHL playoffs are grueling. Still doesn't console me.
Now that AD job at UWM is vacant, Michael Laliberte, vice chancellor for student affairs, is interim head of dept.
Medium ice coffee half ice extra extra caramel just cream thanks
His stock has performed like my IRA
Now we know why Europe beats us so badly at soccer. They are clearly superior at kicking the can down the road.
when I move she move like a puppet on string
oh well slide by my auntie shit dn
I don't need luck
#NowPlaying ice melts by Matt&kim
Hi Brooke, great that you found this. Their wedding was very a great day. The picture looks like a dream.
I hope you're in for a bumpy ride.
Gold, man.
I say he's got a year left and as a #3 he could play well
Wow! RT Deadly car crashes jump by 6 percent on tax deadline day.
what happened!?
you are welcome!
Less is more. Qute: Ludwig Mies van der Rohe. Simplify your home decor by highlighting the things that bring you the most pleasure.
How u feelin bout #HomeOpener vs G-men? Boys will be pumped up (sweet stadium!), but #G-men bring high caliber play to party
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Colgate Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
o bieber fala yeah girl; plagiando o tutor usher q diz yeah man;
Thanks for RTing ! We think Larry is amazing too. We're so proud to help inspire all students to stay in school!
We appreicate you!
file:///E:/Wilson's%20Creek/SiteMap.pdf
If I don't see one person , &&' hella worse !
sign me Los Angeles California hiring promotions record company following &gaga
Is thankful for so many great business connections in Southeast WI and the Fox Valley. I hope everyone has a wonderful holiday. Enjoy your …
Sorry guys I haven't been on this account in a while.. /:
Great poll results Rossi v. Murray...
by who though? If it was me with that dog my name would have been out there yesterday.
Oh man! I'm loving the new security settings on FB :)
Why don't 3 year olds take naps regularly when they clearly need them? I am ready for a drink...
#AllIWantForXmas is for #Christians to realize that #Jesus was NOT born in December!
im not lazy... i jus dont feel like doin it!!!!
Girl at Brooklyn Flea walks into room full of old typewriters, exclaims, 'Jackpot!'
Ten mile run complete. Now I can devote the rest of the day to getting bred.
of course nyc & I dont do guessing games unless im in a relationship & she wants to surprise me
Job 29:12-13"because I rescued the poor who cried for help, and the fatherless who had none to assist him. The man who was dying blessed me"
Task Overload- so true
watching videogirl w/ meagan good...lets c what dis is about!!!!!
Who's coming to #Columbus for Second Look weekend?
Albemarle supes will consider $2.2 million donation to Seminole Fire Dept. for addition. Decision to be made as budget process continues
Today: eat bike train treat flail train bike eat bike treat flail bike tweet!
Agreed. But nicer restrooms!
I WISH I COULD'VE RECORDED IT. :'D
Is today's market drop a surprise? Only to those who hope & believe what they hear from the talking heads. Better to be hedged and prepared
Yea I guess imma be the one to end this!!!
Being single is much more wiser than being in a wrong relationship.
me too! well, a mancrush for me. because i love watching him play basketball. RT : I have a crush on Faried.
Last 24 hours in the Chi till January.
Rise & Shine Thank God & Grind
I'm following. I got you
Heat need to put James jones in!
omgoshhhhhh omgoshh i would of never knownn this i love gossipp! if its true!
I LOVE my new Tahoe it sits clean nxt to my Beemer....Make sure u can pay your car note folks b4 buying bullshit
facebook? or twitter?
3 youth workers for Earn and Learn with us for 7 weeks!
Okay, pain, you win this time. I've been awake since 230am. Might as well get up and get some work done.
Googling #RooneyMara too early in the am. Maybe it's time to read the 'Girl w/the Dragon Tattoo'... #thingsidoat8:47am
Follow and 20+ people will follow you, all his followers are
. FIX YOUR SHIT!!!
3 hours left to buy our groupon for great savings on a new mattress from Mattrezzz Guys! Even if you are not ready yet it's good til sept!
This just in! Chicago Coalition for Mayor snubs #OlFloppyArms and endorses DannyDavis for #MayorOfChicago! Vote 'Ol Floppy '11
thanks so much. Funny my coworker was just obsessing about them.
Next stop, Hong Kong.
sitting alone in lunch cause all my friends are fucking annoying. it's funny that they think I'm kidding. but seriously... just stfu.
I make you feel better? but you put a sad face....
I miss my boobear so terribly much :(
I think it's ridiculous this is an issue & sad if it passes! RT : Why not? B/c it's ridiculous this is even an issue?
I used to get on twitter everyday and blow up your timeline...idk what happened with me
*june 3 need to come on so I can order this infuse
That's whats up! Keep him first and go get it bra bra! I'm in Arkansas…getting ready to head back Miami in a few days!
he's old
Professional genealogists use timelines to create genealogy identities by researching probate records when vital records are not available.
That Moose Muffle Soup sounds intriguing.
Graduating or throwing an office party? Our mobile sushi bar can go just about anywhere! Contact for your next gathering
Three Words in the English Language guaranteed to humiliate men in the Western World...Hold My Purse
A soft refusal is not always taken, but a rude one is immediately believed. - Alexander Chase
Except for my music taste, that's pretty attractive too.
I'm growing in my Ashanti sideburns.
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe when catch people lying!
Nick Come back to Washington DC!!! We miss you Mr. President Last time u were here i got a concussion i have yet to meet u :(
So much hw, i barley have any time to tweet about cody!
thanks for letting me know! What did you order? Love the vibe there!
seriously tho so much time in school agsjskskd :/
One bright light from the sad Travon Martin events is his mom.
: Walker fans need to step out of the 19th cetnury
you know my free market comment? #Kochinternship! ;)
Isn't the avatar a slightly different shading of same pic? LOL...regardless, I volunteer to switch, later tonight.
Never judge someone unless you've walked a mile in their shoes..
off to the national press club for the movers and shaker luncheon
But sleep and work
Enjoyed having you on the chat! Hope you've had a great winter break!
Finally! Cured my Windows 7 machines constant hard drive grinding by turning of the search service. *phew*
Next session: "Slow Dancing for Hackers" RT : Ohh, things just got romantic at #sdcchi. Dimmed lights --
Watching American Horror Story! Let Dr. Harmon back in. EEk.
#givebackdetroit RT : I want to do some spontaneous yet reasonable charity sometime today (#christmas). Any ideas?
Let's hope it isn't 4chan.
Is violence ever okay? Is there any difference between terrorism and war? #SomewhereSafer asks such questions.
HAHAHA Listening to 's Spotify playlist, Jame's Brown's HOT PANTS just came on. My day just got 1000x better. A+ for variety!!
#JavierVazquez just proved me right. Sure, throw a pitch right in #CarlosPena's zone. 2-2
oh gosh!
Thx 4 reply, Liz. I keep searching 4 my employer, a college, in the new groups but not found. No clue how they get in.
I'll message you it.
Wow, I am incredibly bored tonight
Mhhmm cookout with the family today ? Sure why not hha.
I'm at the mall. And it was our ep release show in Cupertino CA. :(
exactly! waiting on the news to give a report
GM yes, no, yes, no, yes. I would like to see A Gang Story w/zee sexzee Frenchmen but don't want to miss LTBF & have to see S&S
is she already gone
I hate nightmares ):
Man, LL is just really happy to be here, huh?
Spotify is messing with me. One second I'm listening to M83 and then it puts on Jenny From The Block. What!?
Oh you're gonna ignore me? Okay,ill ignore you too. :)
Beer is liquid bread
Adam Jones just took another one over the Monster, not into parking lot this time, but gives O's 9-6 lead and Chris Davis in line for win...
"There is no X in Espresso" - Our proposed t-shirt design should #Starbucks ever come calling (ahem!)
Listen up America,if we don't make a hard push and get as many Democrats and Independents in office as possible in Nov. we're hurting.
These little ballet dancers are coming in BEAT! Lol
Meek Mill - Don't Panic ' thss my shxt
thank you for the follow! :)
it is just not Twitter without your Lakers tweets.
Drive slow and enjoy the scenery -- drive fast and join the scenery. -Doug Horton
so just when you think nothing else can go wrong...gas co turned off my gas with no warning. Yes, I paid my bill...
good morning to you have a good day
Thanks for the retweet! Hope all is going well :)
congrats, my fellow #shareholder !
Turned on the PC for some gaming, but 3 hours later, just cut it off. Too much internet fun reading going on!
Oh I'm going to have a heart attack!
hey mayor! Who did u meet?!
I need an iTunes card! I need music in my phone!
Watp going on twitter
Looking forward 2 the Shoes 4 the Santo Nino. National Hispanic Cultural Center. Dr.Regina Carlo is an amazing coral conductor
Steven Pressfield said to always bet on yourself. Most people don't because they don't trust themselves to win.
Get social media buy in by looking for the social media evangelists in your company
what's wrong :(
All Natural does not have to mean blah....It should just mean, "made with stuff you would find in your own kitchen" We have 9 ingredients
People who put themselves down for attention < <
Had a great Christmas Eve dinner..Steak and Lobster :)
Went a little too hard in the land last night. I need
I'm a missable person ..
I'm tired of being ignored
Have a question about a medication you are taking? Inbox us, post in the forum or call 412-681-6400 and we will get you an answer!
There had been one shooting about a year ago, a block away from work. Crazy b/c it's a high commute area.
Antonio Brown = fast
Looks like #diablo3 servers are crapping out again.
Not at all... phone got taken away:/
S/o ...my twigga stay giving me bust downs on 100s...very hard to get from a New York smoker lol
thanks Guido! Hope you are having a marvelous Sunday!
Correction on that last tweet- it's , ! uses them as legacy for his daughter.
hi. Welcome to twitter.
Drive to central OR has included lots of spot fires and only a little whining. Good drive so far.
lmao I never heard that! U serious?
Sometimes I honestly wonder how the hell did this happen to me
either week works for me too -- b. sent an email out to us all - so we just need to hear from everlee now.
An once of prevention is worth a pound of cure. Proverb.
matt and Kim. Duh.
yes! I will text you when I get into town. Even if I don't see he show I'd love to see your face. :)
could be with all the rain and all
I want to have Freese's baby.
Good morning friends! Wishing you all a great Monday!
RT ...Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit...
ok can you say crazy
Nope. I do the same darn thing everytime I make it
yo I need you to hit me up on here for your contact info we need you on this next one
It's my 1st day as an LSU student! Grad school, here I come! Today's class is Foundations of Library and Information Science
#WednesdayNightHustlinTheHarv... I want a COOKIE!
Global Hematology Instruments and Reagents Market to Reach US$5.6 Billion by 2017, According to a New Report by Global ...
re: 's authority on interviewing: "I've done a lot of interviewing... of roommates" lol re: tech interviews, of which, I fail
Got some Good News!
You got it. Getting there Wednesday morning.
I always think far ahead and about the future... destiny however is never planned, it just happens ~
Thanks you crazy kids for the tour last week. And I hope Scott's tummy has recovered from his prezzies.
dude hit me up on ps3.... XXsky-reign2 if you wanna
I Yeah I will be there in two weeks the to the Chi to link up wit lep bogus boys
#20ThingsAboutMe 4. I love the Thunder!!
Yes I got some
Glad to connect!
#boulderfire on scene fully involved garage/house fire 1531 Mapleton Ave home unoccupied
“: Nyc vs. South Beach!! #TeamHEAT!!!”SOUTH BEACH BABY
Oh. Im 14.
's single release party - Girl Gone Wild (dance bitch), at Fubar tonight! A little late but what the hell. ☺♥
The Warrior's Way...
busy is good!
And then live happily ever after
I wonder how much they pay the guy to wear that Hat and dance around
oh god what happen last night? :)
Happy Friday to you too - be sure to follow this weekend for updates on the #NABEFCareerFair #NABShow!!
#livingthedream I think....
Snow on St Patty's? Really? It is 80-degrees in Chicago and snowing in Seattle...
We work to help you harmonize the unequivocal demand for business results with creating workplaces where people find meaning and purpose, b…
Its a Coldplay, Maroon 5, and Fray kind of night. Fix you=
I love it!! She was so much fun!!
cheers to 2012! heres to a new year, all friends, family and the drum community around the globe. lets take it higher this year!
“Now this is not the end, It is not even the beginning of the end
Hey hey...it isn't all that bad!! What parts did you see?
Or how about I'm watching over every graduating class? It's my pleasure to do so. ;)
Anyone have old issues of .NET magazine I can read? Want to see before subscribe.
that's so annoying, we would never do that.
I meant alphabetically... :)
microvolunteering - the idea of people spending bits of time for some community activity. Especially to create bits of web content.
BATMAN IN A LAMBORGHINI.
I realize that hahah I tweeted that before I realized, sorry
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga: “Apparently French Players Get Better After 27 Years Old” Jo-Wilfried Tsonga celebrated his 27th birthday with a win.
Great afternoon at Thornton winery.
KDKA's own Heather Abraham () gets footloose this morning on Pittsburgh Today Live. Tune in at 9am to see her fancy footwork!
Very nice! New kitchens make all the difference.
#FF , though 80% of my followers are probably already following her \(-.-)/ yay haha
. is on twitter.
she said in her excited but boring US way ;)
keep spreading the word! This is such an important issue
Lmao it's all good in the hood ^___^
Everybody's life is either a warning or an example. Which are you gonna be? Tony Robbins
Ooh, I'd love to join sometime when I'm up there. Are they on certain days? Always Weds? Thanks!
NICE! Lemme know how it goes! Hope you have room in your purse w all those bottles of coconut oil u have stashed in there!
No work today! Feels great. Hectic week behind; hectic week ahead. Then the weekend rolls around again. Don't you just love that?
shewww, text me back pweeseee. :) lol, it takes you forever.
Great meeting guys. Looking forward to getting to work on this campaign with you.
"You make good music. I'm a fan!" -V. Alexander
Oh man I just got a bike last weekend
Taking a walk on the canal. ☀
Lady at the car dealership just told me to "drive it like i stole it"...i intend to do just that dont you worry
- Love Your New Post/ Awesome info! Keep it up Girl!
I WOULDN'T LIE TO YOU ANTONIO 💗💗💗
Getting a jump start on spring cleaning the yard. Can't believe my lilacs will be blooming any day now!
Weaving through tornados on my back from client meetings in Tulsa!
Looking for a location for a toy drive for my babies in S. Africa on Dec. 15th. Any suggestions for a venue that might donate space??
"Don't ask yourself what the world needs. Ask yourself what makes you come alive, and go do that,...
yes/always/duh
Waiting for your parents to be in a good mood before asking them for something.
only two off lead at #QuailHollow. He`s starting to peak for the at
Punk/pop cover of Boyfriend? I like that.
saw them putting up a giant autographed Guy Fieri photo in the Tune Inn yesterday. Put a fork "inn" it, she's done.
Never been a fan of excuses
tired and deletintg friends from my other pages list.. wat kind of cake
ikr?! and i'm sure he will someday :)
If you're going to SXSW make sure you get to the world premiere of "The Announcement" on March 10! Doc airs on ESPN 3/11 at 9 pm
"i love this place, but its haunted without you <3."
2/2 this Wednesday October 19 at the Atlanta-Fulton Public Library System (Central Library Branch)
RT : Shoutout To My Nigga Out Here Doing His Thing
Yep, the trinity: an Argentinian, a Swede and a Japanese. RT : "tomorrow's your Bday? U gettin escorts?"
that's my phrase! >:( tour buddy points were taken away, hence you must do your own laundry when we are on tour.
RT : yes this is faith Hey mama it's me steph
bring some this way
Damn that was fast!!!! You're an officially bona fide twitter user!!! HA!!!
#Great im bored -__-
I'm starting to realize that at 3 the traffic sucks b/c all the lil HS jerks are on the road!!
Deb: working with IT, going to institutional meetings
Robin D.G. Kelley on Palestinian refugee camps as parallel to letter from a Birmingham Jail and South African apartheid
39-38 at the half? I hope the Spurs sweep these pretender teams
Planning a trip to Jamaica with my wife Lindsey. Anyone who's been, we'd sure appreciate some travel tips.
Just got back from a food truck gathering in Hollywood, FL. Ribs are in the oven. TIRED!
Oh fortunate you!! Camille's grave was quite forgotten until they cleaned it up several yrs. ago.
day off sounds nice! when I get home its onto my true passion; catching squirrels in attic.
My to-do list before leaving for Virginia tomorrow is: "Refill allergy medication. Buy Dickel." Priorities, people.
When you have an intention and send it into the universal awareness, you are actually talking to yourself in another form.
Natural hair & rain don't mix.
wat u grab
Holy shit I have no one to talk about #spartacus with besides AND THERE BETTER BE A NEXT SEASON DAMMIT
This A.M. I went musing back thru my own history. There's so much of it. I must be getting old. I don't FEEL old, then there's the mirror.
#tweetyour16yearoldself Dude Stay Away From Her......Leave Her Alone
Yeah, sugar boogar. give me like a half hour.
Working on my birthday! 🎂😏
LAX to Memphis....cant wait to see my sister
Cocktail bars always have the same smell..olives, lemon and ice.
Keys to gaining wealth..Control your budget by following your own income.Following someone else's income will make u broke.
Wow, being a nominee up against #Adele this year in the #Grammys is like being the #Patriots against the #Giants in any #SuperBowl!
"Maeve has the best ass" - Matt Mullen
I really believe Dreamchaser 2 has really put Meek on the map & hands down one the best mixtapes
not much lol
Happy birthday earth! 2012zzz
Does anyone have thoughts on using PRBuzz to distribute press releases and/or manage social media? Would love to hear your favorite...
Is that Mason?? Wow, how he has grown! What a cutie!! I know you must be a proud #aunt!
all my products are done in professional labs, the only thing I do in house is create the art!
its so hard to find a quality hearse...
I'm fine. Guess u r / were busy lately.
This bxtch makin me mad on Tough Love
Sun burnt and sick. Great. -_-
your number one on keek now! :)
I can't stand your fatness
#BackInElementarySchool allwe had to worry about was Co-dies
It's been so long twitter! :S
Woke up to pee & im still fucked up. :|
LOVE LOVE LOVE you tonight on BrovoAndy!!
I think stainless is a cool look. I just didn't love it, plus they wouldn't remove their logo, no reduction to keep
Making a decision isn't the hard part.....it's making the right one...idk what to do
RT : “: The #heat hired their own refs today... Lol.”<====even a Bulls fan knows wassup
Am I the only one who finds these chipmunk movies really disturbing??
You're a wiser man than I. But I was also dragged there. Go only for the AC, the trailers, the soda, or whatever else.
no you get on fb chat!
Probably should finish my English homework that was supposed to be due on Monday..oh well.
Good morning everyone.If anyone needs followbacks please let me know & I'll do them when I wake up(since right now i'm half asleep)
Uw's Librarians do Gaga trending on YouTube, check it out!
New album almost finished. All that is left is a few overdubs. Thank you Nick Eipers Matt Nelson Graham Czach and Robbie Tucker
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you!  3
5.4 mile jog and peanut butter cheerios. Can I get a hell yeah?
Planning your weekend? Don't forget: FPT on Sunday. Plow, Plant & Shear: sheep haircuts, knitting, spinning, weaving and more!
#iOS6 wishlist: Apple adds VoIP to Phone and deprecates PSTN as transparently as they did to SMS texting with iMessage
Seriously, I must be the only person who thinks coffee is disgusting and a drink for old people!
Joe Girardi doesn't seem so desperate to save his job with pitching AJ in Game 4
Handyman services available - landscaping, plumbing, electrical, mechanical, repairs, paint, etc. $25 ph per man or bid. Call 379-2763
extreme rules?
As a Express Employee I'd love to see a pink Cardigan
Nf, Follow Back
Like a bragel with fake meat and cheese AND a sugar filled butter bear? lmfaoo
Blocked out my tumblr for the day
NO/GS resting people. Heat resting anyone with injuries. Maybe Mavs will be tired. Still like our position better than PHX.
SO to #RyanKennedy a brave 9-year-old battling brain cancer whose wish is to trend on Twitter
getting ready for school! HATE IT
It's not like I'm crying because I was chased by a gang of scary 12 year olds.
Anyone know a good machine/fabrication shop for small parts in the NW?
Recruiting for food allergy study in Chicago!! Check out The Allergist Mom on Facebook for more info. Can't get all info in tweet :)
Sharing #FF peeps you'll enjoy knowing!
Cowboys by a hair RT : NYG vs San Fran...who you taking?
Going to bed
no prob praise goes to whomever praise is due!
“: when would you like me to show up?” yesterday, just move in with me!
Hey there, (Tiffinycancerj7), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
thanks for the cds, jonathan!!
lol my grandma said she was trickin. she thinks that means "just playing"
You were a huge help! Thx. Looking forward to bringing our program to NYC sometime soon!
: "did you know that Christopher Columbus was a genuine piece of shit"
I'm gettin so much head its draining out my energy!!!!!!!!!!!!prez -IGS SNIFF
Sounds like a day that was just waiting for the drink at the end of it -- or so a wise man once tweeted.
Julius Barnes, a 2015 out of Garner (NC) named to Honorable Mention Freshman All-American Team by MaxPreps.
YES!!! How awesome was it?! I'm sure fueled you to take things even further. I'm SO excited for you!
G,A= ghost adventures
Long distance relationships are hard but I can make it work... If he can haha
FLIGHTS TO ATLANTA so amazing!!!!!
Cant Knock Da Hustle
just saw you smile & wave to ur fans at Fenway! Amazing game tonight!!! So worth the 5 hr drive! RT me please!!!!!
I like Dr Who, who is your favorite Dr?
Four tech powerhouses rotate the cover of #Fastcompany, which one got the Valley? My home copy in metro NY was Facebook, in DC, Amazon.
It's supposed to be raining tomorrow, hopefully it doesn't impact the flight.
Good night Tweeps
Hi ! Sorry to bother your lunch today at Sushi Deli but great seeing you!
of all names...
RT : LADIES GET FREE CIROC & WE GOT FREE WRAPS #RITZ2 FRIDAY **PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE* #tonefide a1
With the 36th pick in the #NFLdraft the Denver Broncos select DT Derek Wolfe Cincinnati
I think it's a lamp?
The interview went... Ehh I hope I get the job though
People are using you and your going to come crying back to me
as an Eagles fan my whole life, I agree. The O line is the most important part of a team
Washington & grant, is there something being filmed there?...2nd day w/big crowd
Babysitting is a game of patience.
I thought she was saying cool breeze not cant breathe...that makes more sense haha
sorry to hear about the crumbled cookies. Great catching up with you at #dish2011. Time to bake some user tools into #artbabble?
who thought that a last day outfit could be so stressfull hehe
Just did a delivery & the lady gave me a $10 tip-U know what that means? I is getting myself 2, not one but 2, half priced martinis tonight
Epic, tear-inducing, magical, expansive, long-awaited
#EARN an EXTRA $400 a WEEK International Company Expanding. We are Seeking #Athletic and Sports Minded Individuals with Good People Skills.
Marcus LoVett Jr. had 32 points and Patrick Gonzalez 29
“: That awkward moment when you see something you really want in a store, check the price tag, and sadly walk away.”RT
I can't tell if this was a long week or a short week but I know it's Friday and that's good enough
ahh I'm socexcited! if you find out tell me 😘
What? The worst dream ever!
Gnomes for Kids style? Easily done! Hot pink or light pink? Thoughts on Hair and eye color?
Being in therapy is great. I spend an hour just talking about myself. It's kinda like being the guy on a date. - Caroline Rhea
this might be the best compliment ive ever received via social network! :)
Don't hate him. Forgive and forget, his words were a great fuel while I was in the fightin game.
Just because Nitwits like you sont get #SARCASM, You may as well just throw yourself off the nearest bridge, sans parachute
no, sorry!
thank you for bringing in this world! And for that I love you :*
I promise you I will always be on time.
Been told that Micael Thomas WILL definitely be playing in tonight's Reserve match. (Thanks )
Doing a good 15 minutes stretching after today's hard run. Flexible muscles recover more quickly and helps you to avoid injuries and aches.
wow...as a fellow heat hater, those are some strong words!
A few more minutes.
Jewelry, pottery, gifts, vases, wallets, gift certificates & more can be found at your neighborhood gallery Singing Stone in Ybor City Tampa
I will just say for the record that I am Suzie Robb's IT guy.
Back from a long great weekend at Comic Con. Looking forward to getting back to work after a good nights sleep.
hmm..mabye. let me check that
Thanks for letting us know! So many links, so little time ;) Corrected links on the way...
Great reunion of artists & fans! Im remembering all their music we sold at Mizell Records back n the day :-)
I want to do Beastie Boys "Fight for Your Right" cover with y band so badly.
I can't believe we're even debating contraception this day and age. MY GOD
One of the most valuable checks you can receive is a Reality Check.
Audition 1, me 0. Didn't get a callback :(
In the poker room actually playing the right game now. 30k starting stack got about 34k.
thats some mystery dusty and musty!
was there uranium in it?
ATTENTION INTERNET: I am now a fully fledged library scientist. Watch out.
Just got undressed outside my house..its xmas eve yes
Don't let the early week specials go by without taking advantage. Jack Daniels, Skyy 80, and Seagrams on sale till tomorrow!
Follow up my bothers And
you want us to?
off to the tack sale with deb & kenzie and some other people (: yaaay! new horse stuff :D
Yea, it's I'm editing the pic for her so it can go in the video(:
plus niggas was trippin... They wanted to hoop instead of gettin numbers...
hm no, not one, unfortunately. They are all Super-Pac.
re watching D. Abbey?
I had surgery when I was 5. They cut my balls to save my life. I now have mangina.
I didn't say nefarious. That def of scapegoat doesn't say person has to be innocent. He is bearing others' blame as well as own.
Old hackers never die. They just go to bitnet.
LOL!! You are a fool!!
Chicken Scratches vs. Electronic Prescriptions - New York Times
lol, yep I hear those noises quite often an thats yeah still very very afraid of possums they are
the round blue fox waslked over the boring dog.
I'm not even making sense right now.
where r u headed?
Been on the hustle! Promoting events is so fun, especially when #music is involved. Love being a #DJ & a promoter!
A dog may be a man's best friend, but a writer's best friend is their editor.
I literally got chills up my spine at the sight of that dress! Absolutely stunning!!!!
Thanks for the Gr8 Monday everyone!.
Thanks and for an excellent call!
What fuck faces
Get me on this plane! Delays for #usairways at #NYC #laguardia... No surprise there
I didn't know it was repeating!
So last year, & I were tapped to do the reality show 7 days of Sex. We declined. Best decision ever. Right?
I love my dogs
Marcy says yes you boys should do that! (He'll see this in the sent tweet list. ;) )
I am admin and teach 2 classes still! It is hectic but wouldn't change it for anything. Super impt to stay "in it"
Happy Monday.
yay! Find place to live yet?
You ever make fun of someone so much, you think you should thank them for all the good times you've had?
“: #ThePromotion is a bizarre flick. #stiffler wrecks it as usual though.” isn't it Ryan Reynolds?
well, tweeted it.. let's share a HUGE congratulations for him and his wife.. baby boy!!!!!!!
Los Angeles, CA- Need females for event. Nudity involved. Pay is 300 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
ugh! They just don't understand our need for this cd!
nameless sound is working, 3 person office- director, admin director, education coordinator doing office time. getting stuff done!
that, quite frankly, should have been discarded AGES ago. The last time we got new copies.
he has a cast on...and playing guitar.....
“ That boy lives his mama tho ^___^ #idol”
"For what is a poem but a hazardous attempt at self-understanding: it is the deepest part of autobiography.” Robert Penn Warren
hope you had a fabulous first few days at USD!
My birthday is officially over & I am officially 17! ;D
def failing this math test tomorrow
#Editing today, and finalizing two #JBCreative video projects.
Alaska has had record cold temperatures this year. Thankful my car is starting, pipes haven't burst, and that green tea is plentiful!
seriously?? Hm...wonder if my mytouch 3g slide is compatible.
Ah. As far as Horde or Beast mode goes, your beast bet is to pull friends in. Randoms are douchebags 90% of the time.
Here at the hotel right next to the handicapped parking, hybrid parking. Never saw that before.
I often find the articles in Information Technology and Libraries to be interesting and useful, I just wish they had tl;dr sections.
Come check out surrender tonight free admission if use my name Travis Sosa @ guestlist!! only
LSU 45 AU 3 the only war chickens left in the stadium are the team and the band
Are there any hockey fans in Indy?!
- Yes loopholes in French rights reversion to author if publisher still trading. But law should work if "orphan publisher".
I just saw josh and jessica mason tonight. What a good night :D
106.7 KISS FM IS COMMERCIAL FREE ALL DAY TODAY AND TOMORROW!!! HAPPY FOURTH OF JULY WEEKEND!
My heart goes out to family
Tonight is the Finals Breakfast at Taylor Place downtown. Enjoy free food and fun from 8 p.m. - 10 p.m.
#WFUD12 Peter Jaszi: when courts don't know about a particular field (e.g., poetry), they look to norms when determining fair use.
Keari really just whooped my ass yo!
we are trying for Noon EST
Stupid nucca just dropped MLK's name as if I never read a book, or studied black history. #CmonSon get ya knowledge up
Out to dinner with the fam :)
Is the Reverend in the house?
Anger management still be ridin
Cuddled up between my parents.
Women Farmers Are Making Bank In Agritourism
MCCABE & MRS. MILLER and Tom Noonan's directorial work!
Heading into work The weather is perfect, drink specials all night and you can't beat these cheesesteaks
The making process then being the glue that keeps one from succumbing entirely to the illusory, being the attachment to the world.
Lady (#twins fan) sitting next to me at spring training game: "Ah... we gotta get a point out of this, the bases are loaded for peet sake"
I'm not waiting on a prince, i'm waiting for the one who thinks i'm their princess
I am not sure what translation I was quoting...but it was all that I could think of at the moment. :-)
what in the world! Please investigate and report back.
Tonight we have 2 shirt winners. answered the Pale Rider trivia question a minute after the first guy so runner up winner!
I aint trippin, my only competitions the mirror.
The yellows and the reds are gorgeous this morning
Applicant must be proficient in PHP/CSS3/CS 5 and CMS platforms. Please respond via Twitter or
I narrow it down to two by look and then let the name be the deciding factor. I like Berry Daring.
MORE STORIES I CARE ABOUT.
excited. punk'd is on tonight!!! yay!!
Me too, Steve, me too.
It's SO nice out, and it's only the 2nd nice day since it rained all week. The #library is crazy busy! Huh.
Oh neat! We're glad to have another alumnus to follow.
“: The smallest human penis in record history was just 5/8 of an inch long.”. I mean I can get it to an inch if I want to.
Last #Oriole to hit home run on opening day in first at-bat Luis Matos.
About time! Hehe.
COME! IM HEAR TIL SUNDAY RT : thanx for the invite
happy birthday
#MentionYourCrush .. im not gonna lie. ( :
Checking out the show at Helium comedy tonight in Portland, I'm expecting plenty of Connor (Coner?) references...
Join us for next week's topic of the week: university violence. Asking hard questions and making progress toward safer campuses.
seaweed? What seaweed? There was an eel, though. Electric eel. (ooh, baby.)
Hi there. If you want to forward your resume to me at , I'll make sure your resume gets seen.
mofo, im at study hall where you at???
Last week of the Spring Semester is finally here ...
#Dodgers lose 6-2 against the
are homemade cookies a budget conscious gift for the holidays?
Ex Dir poses as homeless psych pt & finds disturbing conditions at NJ resident care facility
One bad thing about having an attractive boyfriend is having to deal with all of these stupid hoes giving him attention and hitting on him.
Your welcome
RT : I know how men think, why do I need to spend my money on a movie that's about women thinking like a man.
MT: Why build a library when you have GOOG? // We can't just snort & dismiss this question.
Looked at your online shop to customize T shirts. Any chance in the future you will put up the art from the in game cutscenes?
When playing PE volleyball was some
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once
Why can't it be about the billionaires?
"I am a robot, first of all.
You bet!
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you're enjoying the sun ... it's even bright out here by the ocean!
just chillin you?
What's your damage Heather?
(Q4) Rachel Bilson! laid back AND put together... and she loves Dr. Pepper chapstick like me!
Can't decide: Papers or Sente? Papers more flexible, Sente allows me to annotate pdfs directly. Both fill gap in my work flow. Opinions?
Wow, so what did they say? If you're writing about it, please send me the link!
yeah. Let me know when you are in town.
#ThingsPGKidsSay on graduation day I'm saying fuck you to Ms. Smallwood.
2 DAYS!Pie Pong, Pudding Wrestling, Wheelbarrow race,Pie-making race, the great guys of IOTA and lovely ladies of AOII! Whats better?!!!!
Bricked a 300re and 500re 6m so far. Playing the $1650+500 bounty today. Up bright and early for once, feeling good.
In what area did you get a house?
what a thirsty hoe
&include reference to future lesson on alternatives that were available.
words cannot explain how badly i wanna beat the shit out of you right now.
so u and selena broke up?
Look at The Court Blake
Best tweets huh... Gonna have to beat all the UK tweets that fill my feed... #pickupyourgame!
Cover me... starting Mason and Dixon again for probably the fifth time.
attention followers: please follow
Im pretty sure I have insomnia. Ugh just one more thing to add
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
"Thats What The Monkey Said"
From jonathan swift - those that own your bonds own your soul - #Hannan to #LPR2011 Who owns your debt?
C'mon G-men!
waiting for the bus. :-[
Passion creates a desire for you to pursue your destiny......
yes sir I do!
RT if you want me to post a picture of me in my dress I'm going to wear to the Valentines Dance!!!
If #MittRomney doesn't remember the prep school hazing that even appalled the other participants, he's an even colder douche than I thought.
About to head to the Mountains
I really wish I had the 1) money 2) week off to go to #SXSWi this year. I wanna get my nerd on.
when is ur next competition 2 win portal 2?
you are so amazing! Best singer ever :) can you please follow me? its my birthday on the 23rd...❤ please follow!! #Mahomie 7
she sacrificed so much $ to send me to private schools for a better education
there is something special about portuguese colonies. Even through oppression and colonialism. People r happy and good food
I see you spent all your time on your hair, that you forgot to finish getting dressed. Poor slut.
i went to the cinema, i saw Dark Shadows, it was ok.
Corazon Real Estate works with a variety of reputable local service repairmen so you know the work on your rentals is being done right.
Cant believe he missed it
me:) How long until I see you on there?
Smiling saying All these bitches is my sons
maybe. Last night it was turtles. Hope our minds want to settle soon. (hug)
yesterday hurt?
I miss all teh good stuff while I'm sleeping ;-)
So nice of you, Sarah! Thank you so much. :-)
I wonder how many people got April fools proposed to today
woohoo - that's great news!
182 days; 4389 hours; 263377 minutes; 15802624 seconds until the nightmare is over for America...tick tock tick tock tick tock.
Baffert either has the coolest or lamest hair ever.
Is there really Win-Win in a negotiation?
snow is on the way. Long time without a blog
integrity is important to winning in life
Ooh! Looking forward to reading "Book Lust to Go," Nancy Pearl's new book!
to all my friends stuck behind a pile of grading: hee hee.
RT : "Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way." - Satchel Paige
Talking and partnership with &
Lil_roz316 on instagram....who else is on it?
We are going 2 play the powerful International Basketball Team Beijing Olympians on Tuesday at Grant High School http;//HollywoodJammers.Com
Army of Darkness is on! Yes!
400 followers!!!! Thank you to every single one of you! Keep spreading the work about XLR8 Entertainment!!!!!!!!!!!
Checking out LEGO Livestong! Then over to #libertymemorial for some more doughboy helmets. New recruits!
where is it!?
y would they do that smh...
loving it..
Making connections between ed deform across cities at
once I did a mid-process talkback where people could only make statements, no Qs and it was surprisingly awesome.
I've officially decided that Lincoln towncars, continentals, and any other boat cars are the worst cars.
what about Richmond hill we have no go train on the weekend
#2012concertwishlist let's see , , , & I know im missing one more oh
Wow, what a sweet face! Hope all is well.
and will do what I think is best for me and my career...and right now I think that that's the way to go.
U will have success no matter where U play. Question is, what do U want to accomplish? Championship? Block record? Answer BBN
im so pissed!!!!!! my right earphone fell in my drink and the whole sound obviously went out.. i want new earphones!!!
This day is too gorge. Going to the beach to tan before the show tonight. 🌴🌾🌊☀
Bring it!!! RT momos is about to feel the Bemba Soul Tribe Force. $5 before 930
It's about to be 420 here in MY time zone,lol.
#stpaddysday in #Philly record number of vehicle explosions.
Too many astrologersindescribing a #Scorpio forgettoemphasize how loving, generous kind loyal even gentle a Scorpio can be.
When are you going on tour!!! I need to get my Britney on! It Britney bitch!!!!
We'd love for you to submit a video. Thanks.
Wow, just finished Adam Johnson's riveting, North Korea-set new book, 'The Orphan Master's Son.' The first must-read novel of 2012.
Don't make me revote beta-status, Bob!
oh god lol that's for that image, its a delightful image for in the morning haha
Cut loose.. Footloose.. :))
I hate that I can't seriously say no to ppl when they need me to do something that shit stays getting me in trouble
I wish I had the movie Space Jam.
Congrates to some great skating done by our rider David Mackay in the Phx Am!
Say "No" to drugs... But then again, if you're talking to drugs, you may already BE ON drugs....
#WhoDatNation proud baby!!! SF! You are NEXT!
It's hard to hear with a (Eric) Dampier
Might want to help better! D:
Woot! train #280 now again moving!
Ok Mr. Phillips I can respect that. Just offering my services
Good luck. I know you'll stay active swimming and biking so hang in there. You'll come back stronger.
You know I love my blog when my copy of InStyle with Natalie Portman sits unopened two feet away...
my friend "Tiny" pointed out that this Knicks team hasn't had a full season or training camp together. U think that would help?
better than Super Bad?
": show us that southern hospitality!"
Kenyon Martin still one of my fav. athletes...the way he carries himself game in and game out shows he has the heart of a champ for real...
Just been a good ole day (:
“Be the change you want to see in the world.” ~Mahatma Gandhi
think positive, think #comeback. otherwise watch #Nats game. they may be best team in #DC right now
It's 4:36. I'm hungry for supper. No one else is home. Now I have to cook for myself.
Woh, both and on ESPN at same time, turn down the bright lights on those domes!
I'm great thanks 4 asking! lol
I'd pretty much rather be putting my socks in alphabetical order.. Than working right.
Congratulations!!! So excited for you! Can't wait to hear you sing a new Scott Alan song! You must be on top of the world!
What exactly is it? Just art?
Whenever I make eye contact with a cute stranger, I always pull a "Taken". I will look for you, I will find you, and I WILL fuck you.
I never mess with NT B/S. eBay sucks but it's quick and easy.
damn lol no that's too much rain
Only one client today... and the script needs a total rewrite. It's a good day to market and have brunch!
People who just stand by me and don't say anything, pisses me off
“: #TruthIs I'm ugly...” #TruthIs you should never ever say that to yourself
Rest in peace to the young girl who got shot in shoreline.
Excited Lee Pace is going to be in The Hobbit, disappointed he's going to be in Twilight. You're better than that, Lee. So much better.
I see your point, but the amount of illegal scripts being written and sold down there is insane. Same with Maryland/21st
Don't take a good woman for granted. Someday someone's going to come along & appreciate what you didn't.
Hockey season starts tonight!!!! #Flyers vs. Caps rookies and prospects game!!!
Bed time, blahh I hate homework!
nothing really, we just got in an alphabetical line and sat in the auditorium and pretended we were getting our award(:
This is Bronson Freaking Arroyo! Gross! Lets have a contest, lets see who can look the worst swing at garbage tonight!
The bigger the bill, the harder you ball.
Great advice I'll pass along. If you expect God to forgive you for your messy behavior then you better be willing to forgive others yourself
There are 6.5 Billion other fish in the sea. That's 6,500 x 1 million. Yeah.
Katia growing in size faster than
I've never been more proud of our (just turned) 3yo than when she began catching snowflakes on her tongue & immediately said "needs sugar"
Can't wait to get out of her...
Spice is the sickest, most nastiest thing ever. I rather not smoke at all than smoke that shit as an alternative.
someone just sent me 180 green carnations.
“: "iloveyou" is better than "I love you" because in "iloveyou" there are no spaces for lies.”iloveyou :)
": thought u live in sweden so sorry"what made u think that
please follow she is you biggest fan!49
hm not that I'm aware of
Someone should punch Manny Pacquiao in the face. Oh, wait! Great news...
Fact! RT Saying "Calm down" to a woman has a 0% success rate, unless you're striving to have all your things thrown outside
Missy Elliott needs to feel better and come back with something asap
ADD ME CHICK MISS N LOVE YA
There is no way #AngelPagan can be benched. #CarlosBeltran should play some right and left. Play the hot hand in the corner outfield spots.
Big shout out to , my corrugated angel with bubble wrap wings! :-)
i would LOVE to go! but i dont live in LA!! Have fun tho! what songs u plan on singing? ps, can u put more pics of u in Miami?
cool :P
WHEW you have taught me so much in 6 months! Definitely ready for #vsa2011!
o #Tumblr is at capacity...and no fun #failwhale either.
A very small part of me wants to see Star Wars in 3D but I really dont think I can stomach young Anakin or Jar Jar all up in my face
Ima need him to say something
omfg I making a new twitter now. I hate twit wipe don't even use that horrible thing.
Trust me I'd love to come there someday!
OK, we don't blame you - the eye can look a little freaky if you're not used to seeing these diagrams all the time, but take a look at...
lol wat size does he wear
#Ravens over #Falcons is my fearless forecast for
Can't stand this heat!
Happy 4th everyone! Can't wait for fireworks!
#equality never stop fighting for it. Always defend it.
You mean the posters we had on the wall?
Eminem FTW. Very nicely done, Chrysler.
Stop buying drugs.
i now own
Why risk the block or the bad snap when you can run it in from he 1/2?
I left her to clean alone. Lolol
! One more time..! RT : Every relationship has it's ups and downs, but never let the downs push you away from each other
well, im not tired at all
That's wonderful! I do hear from alumni on FB, but they don't usually follow me on Twitter for some reason
S/O to he hooked me up with some twitter followers!
aw! Red Rock Saloon lol
#itgetsmemadwhen people choose not to say please or thank you...
You smell like clean air
that shit is still beast
Were you there too?!
Thank you #WhereConf for the live stream. Couldn't make it this morning, but have enjoyed the keynotes. Specifically now w/ .
Congrats to all who got cast in the fall shows!!!
for sure
“Our brain is designed to be ungrateful.” – Jonah Lehrer, author.
RT : 5.9 million brackets in the ESPN Tournament Challenge... and TWO have the Final Four correct. TWO!
freeze some pickle juice on a stick. Yum!
Haha. Sure. I bought a ticket. Doubt I'll run tho. :) ^JW
?? You mean prevention? RT : Is uterine and breast cancer what you call good womens reproductive health?
Everyone check out my boy ! Got some gnarly covers! Check out his single "Where We're Going"!
I know nothing except the fact of my ignorance.
Fashion is a lifestyle... but most make their lifestyle fashion... "B" What you believe and then wear it! BELOW THE BRIM
yeah -- if it works (financially) am sure there will be others
i wanna see #Paranormal Activity 4
RT : Q2 Show outcomes of previous surveys, explain clearly why you need feedback
Just got asked the dumbest question at work smh!!!
Thanks for following & Keep Smiling!
Double Pizza Pizza Whiskey & Coke. Hello.
We're all out of bubblegum.
I need a study hall!!
my pleasure!
!!!!! RT Thursday will mark 100 days 'til #KyDerby 138. It'll be here before you know it! Enjoy the ride.
They changed it to April 22nd (:
And good luck to you. I don't generally review books but when you're ready, I'll do yours.
Thank you so much for last night!!! <3
Well we just posted a hilarious video on our FB page.
Building my business...let's go!
No league standing flags up yet
#penguins vs #flyers series is amazing. Hope it never ends.
big shots....all those bars. I hate Broadway bars though. Honestly the worst country you'll ever hear all night long
nice butt. :)
Take away Republican and Democratic power #OccupyWallStreet change voter registration to non-partisan
Thanks for the Weston Fitness RT the other day. :) Much appreciated.
I caught him CLEANING IT WITH STEEL WOOL weeks ago. On his most recent use, he left it in the sink full of water to rust.
More soon on 5th anniv #NOSCA conference w/in-depth sessions & updates on our Own The Turf campaign (over 7,000 strong).
yay! I'm WePay-ing people bills online so u can pay w a card OR we can exchange cash or check when the cookies come in next week..
I am sick of frills and lost prints of the 60s. already. & i have barely bought anything.
why?? that tweet made me nervous as we rented there as well.
Quick game today #phillies Joe Blanton throws a CG shutout the #Braves - Still, a day at the ballpark beats a day of good honest work
Oh Yeah:)
Purposefully working on my business!
LOL... who knows!
This morning really made me realise that my pace has got to be slowed down in order for me to survive this summer
Tony Award® Nominee for Best Play & a Pulitzer Prize finalist, In the Next Room or the vibrator play, shows tonite thru April 22
SMOOCHES to all my followers! #muchluv!
A big welcome to our newest guest, long-time Dodger Manager and Hall Of Famer Tommy Lasorda. www.hopeforforefighters.org
Hi Ramit. Any way I could speak someone about a possible partnership between yourself and ?
Anyone who believes that we live in a post-racial society hasn't been paying attention over the last few days. We still have some work to do
. Where did you get that scarf?
actually I believe I look the best.
ha ha... Funny. Wonder if the restaurant knows they named themselves after an armpit.
laugh at the past i dun came up fast !
Always working. Always moving forward.
Now testing to see if goes this way as well. Again, please pay no attention to the stage crew as we prep for the matinee.
Jst got off from work and I'm sleepy af
Brady and the Pats didnt make it back to the playoffs after winning their 1st, then came back and won back to back. packers will do the same
Did someone say spanking?
#Ravens confirm that the team has reached an agreement with on a multi-year deal. Are they high on 1 Winning Drive??
they better fix this the sound before austin peyton or dylan performs orr im gonna flip a shit
Our job n this lifetime is not to shape ourselves into some ideal we imagine we ought to be, but to find out who we already r and become it.
TSA considering changing name to TMI
It's so early I'm so tired I must be stupid
Thanks so much Amy! Hope you had a great weekend!
niggas these days, got the same emotions that females have.
RT if you want a shoutout or a DM to Alex, Robert, Tyler, or Peyton Sanders. :-)
Quoting my manager: "I was going to join twitter but I don't have time for that s*!t!"
The crit is too personal & over the top, but it's true I'm not a big fan. Would've liked balance w/artists he thinks are worthwhile
have you seen Jersey Boys?
Learn about treatment options for prostate cancer. My blog is at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
The future of the book is science fiction. Letters plus neuroscience: technology of thought.
Don't forget, GRANDE FAMILY IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!
Ok, it's not purple. I'm blind. But he was awesome.
Still to come; , John Mellencamp, Jackson Browne. Woody's gotta be smiling
Thanks for the RT. I'll stop by when I go to LA to play at the Blue Whale in May!
" thank you!!!! "so as usual I win at life" - CLASSIC RIPI" haha TRUUUU =)
Seagulls. 6 AM. Why.
Two Can Play That Game!!
come down to the lower cafe
Tyler Lyle's powerful melancholy lyrics join the new pop lyrical sounds of American Bloomers July 30th Bring Hollywood Home
zecco probably covered last week.
what the heck??? Who would do that?? Let me know if you need anything love
Photo Radar Vans are in Place, On Campbell near Broadway until 12:30pm & on Park b/t Speedway and Grant from 5pm-9pm. Watch your speeds!
LOL...I hear you!
HELLO my Name Is _______ , The Name You'll Be Screaming At Night ;)
Their tacos are so good! I know, I'm right next door!
“: Ohio fire fighters filling the stands for tonights Ed Show.”
Can't sleep worth crap immediately after a 40-minute basketball game.
I had to go to credit recovery for algebra. I kno the shit its jus I didnt turn n shit those six weeks-_-
Put it down you dirty Jew! Jesus died for that candy!
thank you, based
Thanks you sir. I haven't decided my specialization yet but I'm leading towards Dentistry.
mac got in on dreamchaser 2?
Yeah! Conan's on! Let's not mess this up people.
- you described progressive discipline better than me. Chad is doing fantastic!
Birthday fam dinner
I'm saddened to learn NC has passed a ban on same-sex marriage :(
Most phones let you choose system time or your own time.
WE LOVE U & OUR
Think i just saw another season end, hope not. Hey Mr. Stern, not a good idea stuffing so many games in so lil time. ijs...
Worked out, showered, ate some good food. I feel great.
Got sucked into the #Bachelorette again this season. Ty seems to be the only normal dude in the house.
just did..
Why can't I meet more women like you?
RT Monday: Be totally aware of your LQ ... Listening Quotient. Explicitly work on it tomorrow--and grade yourself at day's end.
RT Work in the invisible world at least as hard as you do in the visible. ~ Rumi
my ipod has been so solid today.
Made tea.. No sweet n low! Fuck!
He can totally pay; doesn't mean he's getting into your pants. Demand respect.
Billy, please call in Robin and Whoopi it's crumbling around you
Follow the handsome gentlemen of Long Shore Drive!
*rooster crows* then hack, cough..... lol good morning when y'all get up. lol (here but in body) lol
Re RootsTech2012's very late decision to Ban booksellers from exhibit hall. Anyone who has paid & objects should demand & get all $ back.
#SaySomethin cant wait
I don't know anything about this--but am interested to know more. I'll google it to see what I can find out. Thx.
Its almost V_DAY
Aberrant behavior? Naughty librarian?
I wonder how long they'll give him?
oh, i was just gonna listen to and say something classy, but i see that you live in SA. howdy neighbor. :p
Love the song "How Great Is Our God (world edition)... Amazing!
Beliebers Respect Selena of course we do...love you
I'm impressed. It helps me keep track of what I've said … er … tweeted. Really cool stuff.
if I ever hit 20 guys I'll shoot myself 💁🔫 teen mom is really f*ckin w these high schoolers.
Coming out to play tonight...see you soon.
that picture is rough
People that box you in on the road when you're just trying to get home....
Happy Father's day !
isn't it detrimental to tell a stdnt their work is good when it rly needs work, though?
RT OMG! #shoutout. To now following me! With the biggest collection of ugly Christmas sweaters! LMAO
The Supreme Court recount may end up in court today, but the Prosser campaign says it will NOT challenge Kloppenburg's right to a recount.
alrighty. Just let me know if anyone else is going.
The End of the Line for Encyclopaedia Britannica [NYTimes] ://bit.ly/wfmvbi Next up: The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy
Hmph. Apparently I was misinformed.
Thanks and happy Friday, Karl! Would love to chat about UEFA with you soon.
preach it sister! ;) love you jasmine!
Welcome! If you need more, just send me another name.
i wish all guys had that spirit
Three days til Milwaukee Irish Fest!! We can't wait!
RT : & r cool RT : #devlearn folks....any vendors that r MUST see this year? (Aw shucks)
Going to see my sister's grave today. 💗
boobs represent nutrition, nourishment and growth. ovaries represent destruction, and permanent termination of the individual
#therewasacrazymoose is trending! now you have to follow :)
Stuck in the Moment (Justin and you) HAHAH*.*
Roenicke just said that KRod would close tomorrow.
I have got to see that video ASAP! ;-)
Listened to a lot of music today:)
And I have a short list of invitees. Best part is, it's an 'open source' panel.
Just took Rob Gronkowski for $30.00; slightly overpaid but he's elite. Budget $200 -
Alex Pettyfer has my vote!
Oklahoma City we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Snow=Cozy fireplace
And who I sold it to is irrelevant.!
Did I mention go after a magazine Cover? No?... Well, 👉 add that N there.
this is the most attention North Carolina has gotten since the Civil War.
Lovin cup....we are coming for you and we are bringing some amazing music and our new baby. See you soon!
yes I joined the Scandal bandwagon too. Love it!! I totally have a girl crush on Olivia Pope.
ANEN ": R.I.P Knicks until next year 😢”
is simple ready....
- Go tell it on the mountain. Love it!
hahaha! Hope u didn't miss your flight.. That would suck! Wtf r u doing in a Minnesota airport anyways?
StoryCorps collected the wisdom of humanity. Son it will be available online!
Thanks for the follow! Best wishes to you :)
Tonight on Chris' #Flyers eulogy, an appearance by the and perhaps some playoff pool updates at 8
awww thanks boo!
I don't want to leave Chicago!! Don't make me!
Nice!! Good luck, that's an impressive time for sure!
Hey bro the civil war ended a while ago, it's time to take down the confederate flag, it's pretty racist.
“: ": How often do you ignore a call?"everyday” Everyday!?
Feeling like a little treat?! Cool down with some iced tea and a cupcake at Cake Fetish!
[REC] 3 -- Not nearly as good as the first two movies. It morphed into a typical zombie horror. Great gore FX but otherwise ordinary.
hi princess and friends
Good Morning All!!!!
Friday the 13th 😱
No I went to Aquinas. Never lived in Webster area.
s.o is my cuz
I will be trying to update a bit. We have already heard great papers on Civil Wars, and now we are all in a GIS panel.
#AztecDomination! RT : CSU has lost 8 straight on road, hasn't won at SDSU in 9 years. As if that matters in this league.
2012 is going to suck.
im single....
I was looking at ep 2, the pic on the in KW house when he is holding the book and its raining looks so creepy to me
Outstanding CAS Student of the Year -- Lina Rodriguez.
I hate waking up with a attitude.
yo we gotta figure out this housing plan
hahahaha(: yeah you definitely like it(:
Getting very excited!!!!!!! 
working on music wbu ??
#newbalance my custom 574s were delivered today while I was at work. Stolen before I got home. Heart broken.
awesome site - thank you! Stay tuned for the interview with Dominic Truoccolo '12 and RE:
hell yeah it was! =p
Things that are trending always have such depressing responses...#Lightenuppeople There is always light at the end of the tunnel.
Going to get my I.D.
Can't wait for Captain America Today!!! Regal Tuesdays people!
cupcakes def make up for catching kids' cooties.
All sizes and styles are back up on wiskullsin.net New Lady BOBs and Red Vag Protectors in are. Should be on the site soon. HOT new pics.
Me too! I didn't know that was a common sleep position!
There is nothing more I want at this moment than to get into MSB. I just can't wait.
Tonight in #RVA Noell plays with NERVOUS TICKS! Strange Matter 5pm (early show)
If you really #trappin you need to get one of the #hotlines I'm slangin out
"If you don’t become an actor you’ll never be a factor..." -
I dont remember that was.like two months ago
I'll make sure your taken care of!
#iwantspotify. Hook it up ! Spotify in the USA!
Thanks David. Happy that is on the team. cc
yeah, at 34th and 6th (unfortunately). Going home for all of next week. Gettin me some sunshine. :D
omg he will be beautiful forever
I forgot about it lol. How much again?
LiamZaynLouisNiall&HarryBackToTwitter i guess? sometimes these TTs make me cringe lol (not that i don't want them back on twitter)
I knew you were going there. I was going to go #cocacola but switched back.
"Success is a choice." -- Rick Pitino
my cousins dad
UX designer/researcher in Orlando. Also going to My goal is to meet all UXers in FL. Let's meet in St. Pete!
"We now have the support for pseudonyms. We were afraid we'd accidentally release your real identity" via #SXGoogle+
"When you treat people like children, you get children's work." -"Rework" -from the founders of 37signals
YOUR EYEBROW KEEPS TWITCHING CUZ YOUR BLACK.
he needs 2 pass to Bynum more IMO he's a beast, kobe should take prolly 4-7 less shots a game & give those 2 Pau & Bynum
My boyfriend, , is the most wonderful, attractive man in the world!
Did you just say what I just said as if you said it first?
ditto.....greeat time!
"Exalt the Lord our God, and worship at his holy hill; for the Lord our God is holy." Psalm 99:9
Going home to get dirty and then cleaner.
how are you doun my lovely(:
because the two sides are in proportion so if the bottom half is 2 and the top half is 5 the other side has to be something
im blaming the ham!
Hi B-Fresh! Gosh I miss all of you,it has been almost a year exactly since I discovered #pubwrite. Drama you say?
Nerd n. Slang 2. A person who is single-minded or accomplished in scientific or technical pursuits but is felt to be socially inept.
Proud to be an alumna of a school that celebrates Friday the 13th. Happy #ColgateDay!
way to be boys
I feel like the West Coast has 8 billion more Marathons than the East Coast.
To do list: laundry, pack, watch Eagles game (E-A-G-L-E-S!), Christmas Mass, dinner w/ husband's family then 9 days visiting Mom & Dad in FL
they teach that at the Carter Fold lol #forrealcountryboy right here bahaha
lol text me please im bored
YAZ and Erasure... can't go wrong with that!
Thanks for noticing!
Wrap it up wrap it up while i take this bow off..
St. Patrick Day is the prefect day to remind you to eat more GREENS!
wasn't that the guy with the voice so deep that he'd make you cry? Lol.
R.I.P. To A Real West Coast Legend!!
Hopeing My Bestfriend Charles Comes Back Over
they have to make bigger, stronger and faster devices with more bells and whistles.....!!!!!
Don't get "Munsoned" on Friday night! Get out to Bowl Hi Lanes in Huntley!
So nice to be in
Devon :) Morning Bro :D
Good luck and have fun!
Will give more of a heads up next time. I think I only announced it the day before. Contest was on May 2nd.
sending copy to vo talent now. Haha
Good news though, the badge works with past check in's, so if you're on your #foursquare 9-5 grind already, you're in good shape
Hello Friends! We will be closing the shop today due to the unsure weather. We will be home in our snuggies and drinking hot chocolates! XO
Today's Layoff Bounceback Tip: Ask questions in job interviews--it shows interest.
2009 Universal Studios Halloween Horror Nights to include Chucky, Jigsaw and a new Wolfman. A scary time to be had by all.
MAC PRO-TIP: just discovered that when you have two windows open, you can instantly toggle between them by hitting [COMMAND and ~] at once
i hope i win that guitar(;
Look like Coach is going to another Stagg Bowl...history
Last night in the chi. Whats the plan?
no no no it was not me
Who is this DUMB BITCH on #ALSHARPTON show?????These #republicans are so damn respectful and heartless...uuuuughhhh
HES SO MUCH HOTTER IN PERSON OMG
Stocking stufferers: Nirvana's Aztec & Caramel Sea Salt bars are now back in stock. We're open for 8 more hours today!
Our other ingredients are vegetable cellulose (capsule), rice brand and silica. No unnecessary fillers or synthetic chemicals.
You cannot be mad at somebody who makes you laugh - it's as simple as that.Jay Leno
He Is Risen!!!
I like working out first thing in the morning. Its a great way to get the day started. My energy level is high in the morning
need sim cutting service in nyc - pls advise!
Low Key I Want A Main..
Saturday is the official MAGAZINE 60th issue release party !! ON 40THST & VAN BUREN ..IT WILL BE OFF DA CHAIN
Happy New Year! Dream Chasers stand up and make Reality!
you're a bad person.
“: Here's to failing, bailing and to the great railing my exams are about to give me #CTL”
Seems former State Rep. Joe Moody no longer lives in House District 78, according to new interim redistricting maps.
"When I first became attracted to the Flowery Kingdom I secured all the copies of Confucius possible. -Homer Lea, 1905
So great to be outside! Lots of vendors!! Come stop by!
#LastTimeIChecked you made a promise, so keep it!
My confidence always pulls me through the toughest of battle fields, and I somehow walk away confidently - Rose B Mashigo
I guess do u
Better luck tonite Wisconsin ...
We trynna put a end to this tonight
What an amazing time at ! What was the coolest thing you saw?
I liked him but didn't love him last night. Also think Casey and Jacob killed it! Guys are way better this year.
but made by Canadians. Not so much made in USA if your only using our parts but hire Canadian company to build them
Some good things about working until 4am on NYE is waking up completely sober AND with money in my wallet.
“: Good night live from Germany #TeamArmy ✌💤”gn
Yea but the color of the letters are different so even a person with an STD can find a person with 1 & get laid too. On the DL.
Can I get a yard sign that says "No More College Flunk Outs for Governor of Wisconsin"
