Idc am going to cali some how and some way
Great seeing you guys!!!! Miss you both already!!!
This year gonna watch both the state of the union and the super bowl on DVR, a first
next time i'll send a twitpic with a message, but that was a snow cone-like drink from westside tavern called a blackberry julep.
Family Guy is so funny.
Rates are up for several reasons 1) 1 in 5 that are infected don't know it 2) lack of experience w/ early days of
Happy Cinco De Mayo 👍
How and where should one speak up?
BUT CLEARLY MORGAN WAS OUT
I like #haha much better
Hahaha true story RT : My cousin Meg is a genius. The #Jaguars are the District 13 of the NFL.
indeed it is lol
I love that cut on erika!!!
Know a good one? It's National Presidential Joke day. Bet Jason Austel has a couple; he's got a million jokes stuck in his brain...ask him
Age does not diminish the extreme disappointment of having a scoop of ice cream fall from the cone
thanks for all you do for Ethiopian orphan relief and for being a super Great little sister.
If you walk away, everyday
Happy Mothers Day to all moms that are, moms to be, and moms that were. <3
thank you!!
Okay thanks, maybe that's it...I thought I saw a new sign coming off the building, like how Chazz's sign is
Happy Hump Day! Don't hump too hard...lol :-P Texts will be ok! 304-612-2469 that air feels so good today! Day 3...8 more to go!
All work nd no play make Jack a dull boy.
I KNOW!!! I Was like omg...you guys...WEVE WALKED THROUGH HERE 5 TIMES!!!
Integrated Solutions Hold Sway in the North American Cardiovascular Image and Information Systems Market, Finds Frost ...
If you or someone you know has .NET & web dev skills & is looking for a job in #ROC, let me know. (2 positions, different skill levels.)
thanks man, thats means a lot! I like the way you movin it ;)
I did no such thing
Cracks me up, Republicans spend how much time on birth control debate? Now they complain president should not be focusing on gay marriage?
RT Stay hungry, stay foolish. - Steve Jobs
I swear everyday that goes by the more bullshitttt i hear
Heading out to madison to pick up some !
oh no, it was unappealing for 6hrs. What did you do?
Tried to return call from resolution center. Reentered dreaded #800 vortex. Hmm.. no way to enter an ext #. Frustrating.
@(614) Magazine: Have you heard of The Hubbard Grille. New bar--what's the scoop?
Birthdays where the worst days now we sip champaign when we thirsty
Holy crap... how many times can we fight about the same thing?
I am following Jay
I don't do drugs. I am drugs.
This month, come check out our genealogy display and learn about how to use the sources @ your library!
I'm just running behind on everything.
Look foward to watching!
haha yep, someone finally gets it! :)
just had lunch with poet/musician . she is incredible. come see her perform Friday, 3/2/12 at Meca, 1900 Kane St. Houston, Tx
que me olvide de ti? Como por que lo dices?
preach juice!
So I printed out all my homework but I ended up leaving it all at home.
the minutemen were the best. Nobody aged better from that ugly ugly decade
Greatest life ever? Have fun!
Crusing in the bmw just chilling
bwahaha I fear the same things, except you will be shamed on national tv. I will be shamed by a 14 yr old girl :(
Rob. Wilson.
Liked your role in Northern Expsoure.
Gospel music really does put me in a good mood. I only have one Gospel song up here though :/
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP$
Natalie Portman: you're such a hot preggo and a beautiful human being, not to mention a badass actress. You deserve it, chica!
Matt Kemp is leading the NL in home runs, Ryan Braun is now tied for second
I put scratch-and-sniff stickers all over my school supplies. It makes the day fruity fresh
State of CO launches #STD #Prevention Wahi! Check it out. www.MyLifeColorado.com
I want mango ice cream 😞
like twenty minutes
Kris was just arrested downtown for operating an electric cab and accepting a tip. He has not broken any law. See his Facebook Page.
Spreading the word about the fabulous deal u r offering on planners & gift labels! Have both already and LOVE them.
Gave up notes to focus on tweets. Still hard to tweet & listen at same time. Will get the hang of it though.
Lisa Loeb's Silly Sing-Along in the DCC Theater in one hour! (Don't worry, no one will judge your singing) #alamw12,
You sounded great at Columbia, laryngitis or no. Thanks for coming.
Hi! Tried adding animated GIF as avatar, but was motionless or sluggish (only changed when scrolled over links). Why is that?
I become even more humble as I get older.
RT Aren't they great? We can't make posters (rights managed) but you can find them in The Ashington Group book!
What do you put in a www.ashing machine?Net curtains!
Do not be a tool and use exact match anchor text. Instead, use branded partial matches.
Nobody cares.
FAKE PEOPLE DON'T DESERVE RESPECT, NOR DO THEY DESERVE ANYMORE OF MY TIME, I'M DONE WITH IT,
Seriously I've discoverd it before but it's happend like twice today and I think and tweet the same things!!
When I set my mind to something i can do it. It's setting my mind to something permanent.
Welcome Home....: Finally, Ashley has come....to twitter!
off to do laundry something I haven't done in almost a week
Calling people their full name>>
Party goin down tomorrow night we need all the bosses to come thru we got Strippers, Music, & Drinks. $ 7 Entry $3 Drinks hit us up for info
YEP THE HATERS LOV ME ...I TALK SHYT - BUT IMEAN EVERY WORD I SAY - I DON'T DROP A VERSE I AIN'T LIVED _ FROM THE D' TO SKEE I GET IT IN $$
ERKED , in caps for a reason
I'll be back around 4 or 5! Who is all coming to watch the movie???
I just noticed I said driver driver instead of bus driver in one of my tweets...smh lol
Taking a picture with my friends takes forever because if someone looks bad it MUST be deleted
RT : I just finished watching A Bird of the Air & I'm a little verklempt. You were awesome in it!
can we be part of those group of white kids???
don't be nervous. You and the boys will do fine! x
thanks Rev!
Me and gabbyguro gonna go shopping tomorrow.. Smh.
What are good ways to do market research ?
you da man!
New song up on my youtube channel, "Writings On the Wall"
And I will miss YOU! Maybe I will host one in NYC this weekend. Who's up for it?
MySoFlo.com " We already What?! We already what?! ... Ain't no need to play no more games... "
because it's a baseball blog -- part of the deal is, we give opinions.
Latoya Peterson a unicorn?
yeah? right on..i am ignorant to this twit stuff lol
Whoops. Shoulda waited.
great seeing you as well :) cc
Jake Arrieta has gotten the big ground out when he needs it. Has a man on first right now with Mauer at the plate. Mauer GDP first inn.
scary events are happening tomorrow. i think i'll be okay, but i'm worried.
Boot Camp Lesson #2: It hurts-using muscles I haven’t used in a while makes them sore…&…I’ll live. www.Career3D.com/Blog via
what's up how is az and your son
a very happy birthday to the gifted !
Keeping' Fontana's warm for and with whiskey.
Hey Amanda, are you in the US?
Yes for sure! I'll be at the cocktail reception, chat then?
Watching ABDC amazing so far cant wait to see the rest
I'm one lazy bitch today
Made dinner, garlic Parmesan baked Alaskan cod, roasted red potatoes & green beans in rosemary sauce and spinach.
A discotheque? That's how I like to start my days.
Tonight, I'm going to meet a famous writer whom I've never heard of.
Nice - I think I did the same thing w/ my bottle (abt 10 mns ago - still have some left). Then wiki opened the world of scotch
These twins on the Bad Girls Club are pissing me off.. they stiff body asses .. little bitches lucky I'm not on that damn show
I got Next....believe it...
aw nah you're good. I can take a joke lol
Funny fact, If you're a grown man in your 40's and you intentionally don't wear green on St. Patrick's Day, no one cares.
this“: There are 100 Senators. I have yet to hear about ONE sayingthe Senate was in recess yesterday. Where's the media ?#tcot #p2”
33. #Brewers 8 #Cubs 2 | Edwin Maysonet! / up from the minors in time / to hit first grand slam.
I love it! Feed my laziness!! :)
RT: Harry Belafonte honored by He was also featured in our "Let Your Motto Be Resistance" show:...
If you need beautiful Hawaiian tropical flowers call me 1-866-982-8322
was it?
Im gonna be on tv wassup
Second time this week to lose electricity because of a storm!
Lesson for life RT : My mom told me today that as a teacher "you don't always get 100%, but you alway give 100%" love that lady
#Brewers used just six starting pitchers in '11. Narveson's injury is serious enough they'll probably end up using more than that in '12.
Hey, Stewart, thanks for the follow! Come back to class. We've got some great new stuff going on, you'll find it very helpful.
This is cramped!!!
like play the guitar? lol I'm learning right now but I doubt I could play good enough for a cover.
Once you've gone through a bad relationship it will open your eyes to appreciate a good one.
Bout to be 21 in two weeks !
#Fridayreads enjoying novel "The Gravediggers Daughter" by #Joyce Carol Oates. Absolutely amazed at her so accurate depiction of poverty.
Hopefully next time your in town our beers will be available!
When I read on my commute, I too often dream of the deaf. Do you recommend the headphones you bought? I need a pair.
The 87th running of the Virginia Gold Cup here. I'll wear a pony tail to honor the champions!
i-i'm dylan
Thanks for retweeting our post about the importance of women's only clubs!
#FYI The first truly mobile phone that didn’t require its own case 4 transportation went on sale in 1985 strange-facts.info
Firefox survives first round of surgery: Mozilla's three months into an ambitious plan to bolt a long list of features into its brows...
What are some of your favorite smells to smell?
What time exactly, I want to get all of my bud in on this :)
« I didn't bring my fucking speech book and we get to use it on the test!!»
if angela corey is so tough on crime, why hasn't she put an arrest to mr.zimmerman??!!
Friddaaayyy hurry up. I wanna be in Texas. :))
Where there's no sense there's no feeling!
Social Media Power? Viz: firestorm over Komen Fndn's defunding of Planned Parenthood. $650k++ for PP. Huge loss for SGK - $$ AND reputation
once again, it's that time: REFORMAT XP, enter. see you back in the real world in 10ish hrs haha. for all you mac users, it's worth it, fyi.
Lmao!! ": Another comment "Gurl it ain't no good men out here!" ..Maybe we want women who use proper sentence structure.."
Anyone out there have an extra Google+ invite? I'd be super grateful!
Gov Deal: One third of Hope graduates from Georgia go on to college and need remediation.
I know right? We're getting back on the Twitter kick. Been too long.
Damn what did I do now.. stop covering
$12.00 Thursday=Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens for the Arcade! Upgrade to Unlimited Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for only $5.00 more!
Did you block ??? She loves you! *Bretana*
RT She wanna fuck & I say church ( preach )
I want you so desperately.<3
not been on twitter for 2 days due to me throwing up the contense of my stomach and im getting hate for hating on a bieber hate, FUCK U.
. pr0tip: tell chick-fil-a to come to minneapolis.
Bored out of my mind in class
haha, life is harsh huh? Lol
I got the moves like jagger ;)
Or want to blog about us?
Budget Meeting: Review of Grassroots survey
We got in the studio. Can't wait to show u all what we're working on!
we are awesome. Thanks for asking. How are you? Hope your night is going wonderfully.
All you can eat and drink from 8-10 tonight at the horny goat only $10 2011 s.1street
In case you haven't checked it out, my band Piranah's website is pretty rockin'! Take a looksy.... Join our email list for free!
Lmao its funny how n***** want to de-activate ish when I ask for they password...Oh you think you smooth ctfu
Your mom is nice! my dad is clueless bout the school lol
Andrew Bogat. Wayne Simon from Kansas of Kansas
Snowball fight in LA??? That's sweet!!!! sounds like fun!
Hey dear, how are you? :)
How many times have you said I love you and not meant it?
#Masters officials say the course itself is in good shape, although several trees came down in the storm. Shouldn't affect play this week.
THANK YOU!
Omg, what a beautiful night!! He looks so good while he sleeps!!! Ah!!! I'm in love!!:)
The first recording session for #ApproachingE starts in 30 minutes
Voices of the Youth Rights Conference - Louisville Courier-Journal
Will do! Thanks for the offer! -brian
Definitely agree. I love reading the physical paper on Sunday, but during the week, getting the WSJ and others re: iPad app is gold
tell adam i said hi then
I need me a Chuck Bass. Now
Dr. Paul Sutton is taking his 100th trip with student to state prison. www.kpbs.org/news/2011/may/18/studying-school-hard-knocks/
It's almost thanksgiving and i want some effing turkey already gosh!
You don't forget the face of the person who was your last hope..
shoutout to « Baeza's an inspiration to him !
that's a bit offensive ;)
"he said bitches, muhfucka lied to my face!"
How does Whitehead suggest we help children reveal something about themselves?
Going the speed limit does not qualify you for the fast lane.
Great idea by - make a potential customer questionnaire for your Facebook page - I'm going to steal this for my business!
Hell YES!! RT : Did anyone score Hotel Solamar for #SDCC? If you did, keep an eye out for a ton of celebs!
In the OLP webinar now w/Ari Kaplan on Standing Out in Stagnant Economy. Absolutely fascinating!
$10 for $20 in Old Navy merch today. I bought mine, now get yours today!
Game 5 it is
Thanks That's what I'm talking about. Real winning ballclubs don't send starters to A. In May.
Great to be in touch with you! Come aboard our platform and please keep in touch! Where are you from?
Big deal! MOST of my jerseys r "signed" - A result of Kreider drunkenly finding a Sharpie during the 09 Soccer Jersey Party
Snooze button. Best or worst invention?
Oh hello, New York.
My boss, visited a Google Data Center in Pryor, OK last week.
question. bowls so great you want to protect them? or does this make the case for the playoffs even stronger?
Awesome show tonight! with We had a blast!! Thanks guys
that's LOVE
I love chinese food <3
Murray won the game.!
Yep. Clock'n this cash..sittin on my ass.
Favorite Sendak memory is my kids reciting "And it was still hot."
#Knicks might be losing but #Linsanity is did succeed in getting my family all together on a Friday night.
Follow because he has no followers and is lonely ! :)
Exceptional Quality with Excellent Services. Please don't miss out on the special offer from Galaxy Digitizing. Check out the link. Thank…
only if he Tebowed after shaking
Even a half hour of vitamin d does a body good. :)
I've honestly grown not to care if you like me or not. Your problem not mine. Have a good day :]
of course when I find out what I'm doing
I am quite enjoying the back and forth about the
Watching videos about glass rocks in chemistry, contemplating how many fucks I give.
“: No Fernando you can't come back 0-1” ;-)
#PeopleNeedToStop saying no to drugs
I want to thank Carole for noticing that I had the incorrect date on my post yesterday. The seminar is Thursday, May 3, 2012 at the Pfister…
mom, please drive faster!! Your making me late..well not really but I like to be early. Ugh!!!!!!!
I love boyfriend baby
follow me pliz
no problem. Done. I love to hear from my fans and love to follow them
Thx for the follow! ;)
i hate when they finally have fries in the caf and there's no ketchup..
and if I speak the good into existence, that instant my dreams will unlock, money flow like water, I'll just wait at the dock
Good morning, everyone! I just woke up... Today is my first day off in a long time & I'm so excited to relax. How are you guys today? ♥
I'm looking forward to being with you all!
No doubt! Gotta keep up the intensity against these guys!
Nice. Stadium looks sick, except for that carnival ride they got in center field. Have fun bro, I like stouts and porters.
Listen to amazing actress at The American Songbook Project #NameThatTune" benefit.... fb.me/UoVwhCwx
Whoa, 8000 followers? Wow...you must get so much ass all the never.
aww thanks Mel. You're AWESOME with a capital Ayyy!
If this Giants game ends within range, you guys should ask Elias the last time 7 NL games were decided by two runs or less.
hi- we got your responses but it was a little late... hope to see you back in action next week
The Cloisters is something like the forgotten treasure of the family.
#MorningMotivation - A great leader speaks little when their work is done. Lead by example.
No NBA yet. this some bulls...!
I'm wondering how many people will call in "sick" today with temps in the mid-70's?!
Right! Like NOW!!!! RT : Like fuck that tour bitch give me some good music!
#mood I am *happy*
I automatically follow back where you at #teamfollowback #teamautofollow ???? Hit that follow button and get a follower!
dont be i always try to fight the feeling but i gtg now i have some basketball to do in a bit
Think it's in everyone's best interests I stop tweeting about this game till it's over.
I wna say Happy Mother's Day to my mom my gma and my two sisters!!!
sorry I meant world. Lol.
how much?
I would DIE if you read that DM I just sent you ;)
take your feet, your grapes, and your music requests out of here.
Thanks for the RT!
That awkward moment when someone says to me they was sat in the lord ted with jay and they was both eating chickenburgers jays vegatiarin :L
notebook or no science on the loose!
A ha ha. “: If David Blaine is in the pod when it comes up, I'm gonna shit myself.”
Cheaters do win!
Twitter-fest 2010 in Puerto Rico! LifePath Breakthrough VII! Are you with me? It starts with a smile, you know...
Texting w/ while in starbucks drive thru. Going to see tonight w/ & !
Thanks to all who came to the Rubicon for Beer Week 2012 what a great time!!
Ugly end to the game, but at least we took the series.
PickUpLine: Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Who's coming in to Style Blender today? We've got LOTS of new goodies!
THE HAM-BURGLAR IS BACK!!!
WOW! M-Audio these av-40 monitor speakers sound fantastic, a very good purchase.
Comprehensive exams scheduled
Procter & Gamble&#39;s CEO Discusses Q3 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
If I won the lottery I'd be sure to have 'FernGully' remade into an epic reminder of Nature's Beauty- cast by you again :)
wow, my 100th tweet; what should I write; I don't want to waste it...only 140 characters, m, something important, cant' really th..damnit
U know
Are they trying to warm us up to them so we'll watch their show? NOT!
#swsummit: "Think about how to build humility into your interfaces." Great line, !
nm bored out
I am excited about the thought of AirPlay on my MacBook!
you guys are so sweet, it's ridiculous!
Please keep Jimmy Hicks aka in your prayers; he lost his mother earlier this week...services will be held on Feb 7
Thankful that 1 of our family members will be back with us on Monday. When we fall we pick ourselves up, deal with it, & move on 2 be better
#Soldiers GOD LOVES YOU. Woodsboro Baptist Church, GOD DOESN"T LOVE YOU
Thanks for the retweet, Maggie! Have a great weekend!
yup - past that season. well into season 5. now stop it with your spoilers.
I learned it from you!
problem with that would be that noone outside Bmore would understand 2/3 of it.
Starting to face the fact
School mass...
Lol. It's cute that both of #Greys Mer's parents are now on #Scandal. , I get it. Recycling's good for the environment.
Portland Elvis sighting. Same coke bottle glasses, no cardboard guitar.
Guys who text first, or text me back right away...THOSE ARE GREAT :D
Sis. Hope talking about the Pacers in her message today .. Cheering on the Pacers...
Some should lead and others should follow, but all should contribute.
Stewie is so bad on Family Guy why is he singing about a bag if weed...🌴🌴🌴🌴... Lol whoop his butt....
Why is More Press following this story?? Are not people being held against will and deprived of basic life needs..
Okay, I need this.. -- Going LIVE on-air with the boys @ zenlive.tv --- Stop tweeting me and start calling in!
Tom Wells is on the road to Charlotte for the NASCAR All Star Race with Fox Sports.
pretty funny stuff Danny boy rocking the #yami pretty hard #irishturnedjew congrats btw .
I am not a CLO...yet...but I love the magazine!
Make sure you check out the 100% exhibition on view at the Carver Museum, tiny pieces for a good cause
It really is! It's all about the bread. And the chutney. I love the savory/sweet mix.
Dirty Randy was real dirty tonight.
crossing my fingers for you.
Pod on the Move Wednesdays are my favorite.
u do huh
Does CC look awesome or is Buck Showalter's fairy dust running out?
Only 4 days left! Hurry and sign up!
DC: Kudos Fenty, for being the second consecutive mayor from WARD 4 to serve exactly one term as mayor.
Back atcha! RT : Good morning to ya!
“: Every time my Italian coworker says "tumnail," I can't help but grin! ”
Great God, Wrap your arms around this world tonight! We will join in your song!
#MyFavoriteTravisPorterSong Get naked :D
opposites become compliments in the higher mysteries.
Porn? RT : I know what makes him smile I don't know what makes him different.
>> try St. James Church in Kilorglin, Cty. Kerry, that is where I got all my info..I think you can get it on-line now.
Thanks for helping us spread the word.
At brooks hall watching ncsu ID student merit awards! Congrats !!!!!
Drinking solo tonight what a loser
It's normal. She's depressed. When I'm depressed, I don't eat neither. But let's just hope and pray the doctors are taking care
The Oscars stage curtain should get best dressed. Do you know how flaming you have to be to make that?
Korean BBQ + Soju at San Ya on Olympic near (I think?) Normandie. Yum, yum!
Kiddo still having a rough time dealing with the reality of his disability-spent eve. talking up strengths and love of family -lots of hugs.
I will remain humble ESPECIALLY as a TV actor!
Finally got a chance to read that link and OUCH.
I'm living just fine lol
I would not have believed you without photographic evidence.
RT : MORNING my #naturalhair beauties!!! :) Rockin' a HUGE puff today
Massage therapy can help with stress, strained muscles, poor posture & damage caused by repetitive tasks.
the knicks are just trash, they can never win anything
Thanks Lilly!!
sorry about me too
Bud Light marketing strat is to show that the key to palleting their bad beer is to dilute it with good experiences.
iight I'm be at the crib Alday
So glad to see at Maddow Blog--all the old cadences are there. Now I need to get used to the new typography!
Come party wit the #sockets this Saturday @ #figure8 1$ entry all nite
Oh drama. I'm glad I don't really have except when I'm performing.
Thanks for the shout out!!
#Badgers drive back from 15 points to Step Ahead of No. 1 ranked Ohio St. in 71-67 victory at #Kohl Center. Congratulations!
Siri "is very sorry but cannot take any requests right now."
I don't know why your girl keeps texing me!!! :-0 lol
Good point!
I like them
enjoy the gig tonight...
Sextip: if something he does feels SO good, say so. And don't underestimate the power of a good, long moan.
Man this some fucked up shit
Some of the most talented people have the most inner demons... You have accomplished something amazing.
I never would guess that eating too many carbs would make me feel like I'm going to hurl. Thx free food at work today! :(
This couple is wearing the same socks.. There pink with polka dots. Um, no.
Anthony Stover "could" be the Ryan Hollins of this team.
": Roses are red violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic and so am I."
hi Susan link didn't work
Him: "I only went away bc u wouldn't say u needed me." Me: "Liar, liar, pants on fire."
is thinking that, with the number of scowls in the mall, it must be "Someone Shot My Dog" day. Whoa!
#BOLOCHOS ska shop made #STRAYCATS shirts just for me! !! :')
:) you made me smile lol
"I'm 80% sure you're coming on to me right now, ok now 40%". "whatever they were doing it looked like Dad was winning" unreal
With summer fast approaching, what are some of your favorite summer jams?
lies! it would be beautiful!....maybe?
Just saw a hemi truck with a bumper sticker that said "I'll keep my guns, freedom and money. You can keep the "change"." SMH at ignorance
I hate our mom.
Have you made it to any town halls Mike has hosted? Would be a great venue to discuss. Next one is in #Wallingford on Friday.
If the number 2 pencil is the most popular, why is it still number 2?
Damn! RG3 and Goodell had more than a bro hug going on there! lol
Happy Day After Thanksgiving! We're closed today while we recover from all the great food from yesterday. See you tomorrow!
Great Meeting with You! I love love! =)
how do u become popular on here ugh and they are not following meeeh
Morning morning morning!
you're gonna be in moline tomorrow! :D <3
The phrase "woot woot" must be eradicated from Internet vernacular.
Can you suggest any readings or resources related to the intersections of "...Art and feminism? Crafts and Librarians?"
Really craving another Lewis and Clark voyage with today.
Lamb is hounding Mack. UCONN too long for Butler
where's my RT?
was at the library the exact minute it opened today
Finished "Behind the Beautiful Forevers." Haunting...
Why do you feel message should affect image quality?
Saturday is going to get out of control #TheWedding and both in Atlanta should be interesting
My dad just told me he doesn't know who Hugh Jackman is. To twist the knife, he said, "I've never seen X-Men."
Cant stand people who pretend to like you, being fake is not a respectable quality being honest is.
so long as they don't end up with crabs...
I'm awesome, what do you expect?
Happiness belongs to the self-sufficient.
What the heck are those for!? U coming into town this weekend!?!??!!?!
lady, can you introduce me to the owners of big bear? want to talk to them about biz idea. holiday drinks soon? toddles.
haha , dude, lunch soon, i will be tryna spit some song, oh and i have to go to library so i can pick up english papers.
UFC rocks all day
Hahahah that just made my day
hey Tara. Just wrote you back via DM. $135. is the correct price for BEA Bloggers. Talk soon.
Who else is headed to Philadelphia tomorrow for PLA? (besides you, )
kicks off tonight!
I Will Be At "Next Clothing Store" In Akron For Their Grand Opening And Fashion Show, FRIDAY @ 7pm. The Campaign Will Be In Full Effect Too
thanks for the
word of caution, the bell is insane right now.
#Brewers bullpen going to flight school...remote controlled airplanes seem so small in
Wenger lost the match. You will have to leave to win anything
Have a sponsorship opportunity for this Friday's SMBSD17 ... DM me to secure.
forgot to say thanks for bringing tapp to san diego for awesome event. thanks for hosting.
But ima have to come back up here and have drinks :)
Feature #17 of ebooks for libraries: patron challenging one can't wave it at library board meeting; would look silly waving Kindle around
If you are a boater, there are several mooring options in apron Springs. Come visit and enjoy!
you mustn't look, it's me ♥.
thank you so much! book 3 is out March 27th, and there will be six books total. Lots of plot twists to come. : )
your're doing something on your own time? I may have a
#artpolitics directional ultrasound speakers
semantics. the best player available fills a need regardless. this is an injury league. quality depth is a need.
agree THE ONE has been stuck on repeat for me all day at work
Happy Easter everyone!
I'm not a bronco fan but tebow is clearly better than Quinn Quinn sucked bad in Cleveland
thanks for following me
Happy 4th of July! Results from the Long Beach to San Diego ride fr Sat. Ride time 6:18, 104 miles. Weather overcast, fun day in saddle
I let myself down
its true!
Thanks for the follow.. what kind of history and what sort of dogs. Really interesting blog. Makes me want all the books.
you should be the way that looks! Lmao
It May Be Twisted But The Kind Of Guys I Like Are Assholes Who Can Be Occasionally Sweet(:
I'm with my sister, her husband, and my son. Not awkward. I'll let you know if/when we make a decision.
I have an #android & now that I can get #Instagram on my phone I couldn't care less.
The horror! Lol
Going to guess he doesn't last long.
I had 16 consecutive tweets about #brewers win just now. Yep, following a lot of very cool people.
StoryopolisEntertainment is proud to bring artist John Nickle's art into theIllustratedGallery John's book Ant Bully was turned into a movie
The motivation I have for class today is unsettling.
"Freedom is just chaos, with better lighting." —Alan Dean Foster
i whip dat bitch like im chris brown
"Clarity trumps persuasion" ~Flint McGlaughlin
I took over this international website and it has a bunch of classes defined as ".cananda". Neighborly find/replace for the Canandians?
Bed too crowded :(
Finally dropped fone 1 too many times- face smashed. It's iFone 3, go get the 4s or replace face and wait for 5? can't keep using like this
The Avengers tv spot has been the best film commercial so far.
banana & rice cake, #healthylivin'
Happy Birthday
When ppl think I care . >
ATT Phone Service vs. DMV Service Desk. a battle of wits.
That's always fun...
Smh don't ever snatch some shit out my hand . Tf is wrong wit you .
Yes it can -- in fact, that remedy helped a lot earlier this week when I had a huge stress headache.
yes, because that's *exactly* what I meant.
ha fair enough. Then it really ends the 5th Sunday of Easter so 5 more weeks... You can do it.
I can't wait to release the family! Sick bands and even a hip-hop artist.
No Im not. But still. RT : u sure?
I have a pair of those shorts! Haha
I disagree with your claim on CS, but fine look at wc3 and how many original maps were still played near its end?
Wrote the best line of work-related BS ever today. Pretty sure I just leveled up.
the barrier for me isn't the smoothness or ride quality, it's battery life.
Pilot, honey… the internet is full of porn. That can't be your only source.
For the first time on an out of town trip EVER!....the Floyd bag is heavier then the "Deja" bag....#WINNING!!!!!!!!!!!
That, sir, was beautiful.
Hahahahahah :L call me.. i gotta tell u somethin :D
love your new avi. :)
I must look like Wells Fargo bc mutha fuckas always begging me for money.
Great and Michael Franti/Spearhead concert last night. About to head out to see Second City's "Barack Stars" show today. =)
#FridayReads is FOUNDING MOTHERS by Cokie Roberts for book group. More engaging than expected, but I'd rather be reading something else.
One of the best ways to study is to go out for some ice cream and then get home and fall asleep.
Come Join: Dave Barnes | Andrew Ripp | Angie Hill TONIGHT as they rock | TICKETS AVAILABLE @ THE DOOR | 7PM |
Bolt's first 100 of 2012 is tonight in Jamaica vs. 2008 silver medalist Richard Thompson, Doc Patton, Nesta Carter. I believe ~9:05pm ET.
closed his account?
Need a new partner for #beerpong this week. Anyone in the Boston area good at making, like, literally every cup, i want to recruit you.
IT IS FINALLY HERE THE END OF THE SCHOOL YEAR, COME AND PARTY WITH US FOR YOUR GRADUATION NIGHT. THIS IS AN ALL AGES EVENT, DANCING CASH CON
If the Henderson-Shogun fight was 6 rounds, somebody would have died. Incredible fight
WOLA condemns yesterday's murder of Daniel Aguirre of SINALCORTEROS in Valle del Cauca who was killed infront of his wife
I Got Up Feelin Like Its Gonna Be Alright. We Dont Know Where Were Goin And I Dont Know Where Im At. Im Kinda Thinkin I Dont Like NobodyElse
we are still going to Foundation after right?
Our rates are low and our teams are great! You need to be careful who You call to get Your move done. Choose Movers Long Island!!!
I have to come with an innovative way to make extra cash
Well except for ashton
The #Packers are good
love to see responses to "Man Up," but link is dead. :(
I can't think of something to do that would be appropriate enough for a once in a calender event #11/11/11-11:11:11
I’m excited to check out this game tonight!
Holy mackerel! Has anyone watched this show #preppers on #nationalgeo? This show is mind blowing!!
Contact Us, to have a full set of quotes emailed to you. We always try to quote three different major health insurance providers!
love it!
hey, reboot your pc into safe mode and download and install malwarebytes. It'll remove that for you with no problem.
four day you rested.
Spent so much money on gifts for the family (mainly niece & nephew) today. Have to make up for not seeing anyone in a year. Super excited.
smokin on exotic
RT : I'll show you Obama's birth certificate when you show me Sarah Palin's high school diploma.---Bill Maher
Thx to our clients on the 1 yr anniversary of the tsunami: Your business enabled us to contribute directly to relief work in Japan [cont...]
what is this? and why shbermudez?
Were any of them smoking cigarettes?
my goodness, you're right!
Ain't nobody
On this, our final day of pre production, we have to give mad props to the applications that facilitated this process.
That great! I guess we are inthe same boat then
he's going to surprise everybody and pick Kentucky
RT : Ginger helps eliminate intestinal gas and relax and soothe your intestinal tract, while boosting your immune system.
Watching some of the Criminal Minds marathon.... A day with tv time is rare :)
Website is being reconstructed but should be complete by sunday. www.ethnicworldpageant.com
You are gonna hear those three songs in a row really soon... It's 1,2,3 on the B!
I wonder how many times the prof can suck in air through his teeth in the class period.
RT- People give GMs and execs way too much credit. If given the chance, there are 1000s of fans who could do just as well.
my cat gave birth to kittens under our house. Guess who had to crawl under there and get them? Me! I felt like I should be discovery channel
Do you let your kids get in your car with dirty shoes or make them remove them first?
To the beautiful couple on this land, May your anniversary be Happy and Grand. Happy Anniversary
just remember to pack for a few days not month ;)
yes!!!!!!!! My love for you just grew
Awesome, thanks!
Come to our ALA Conference Panel on Wednesday September 21, 4:30pm in Rm P-206. Got a question? Put it in the comments on our Facebook post
Really great match. Maradona, Oasis, and all the City fans singing in celebration was quiet the sight.
Why can't I have Miley Cyrus' body?!
#happy4thofjuly Last hour, fireworks on the beach :)
site is currently down but yahoo is working on it. should be back shortly
Very nice day today. Not too hot and definitely not cold. Heading to din tai fung for brunch.
m yes!
Finally home after two great conferences: #dh11 and #joyce2011. Congratulations to both sets of organizers.
very true...
"I got pink eye in Hong Kong." -
I blame for this new waste of time, online addiction!
no matter what you do, you can't stop tomorrow from coming, and yesterday from going.
Fundamental beliefs about leadership--it is a learnable practice and all leaders have the responsibility to develop others!
Ok now I'm shleeeepy, goodnight :-)
Just saw The Raven with some Early Americanist nerds. It was every bit as terrible as we'd hoped, but significantly more gory.
Thanks you :)
Should be hearing back from the Hawaii Improv Festival (aka: Improvaganza) sometime today. Fingers crossed!
Nothing soothes being unemployed quite like frosted animal crackers.
Thanks for sharing - we can always use more publicity! *Wheels turning*
damn right lol.
ikr..happens to me RT: thing I hate about being back in school is I can't tweet as much and then I lose followers :(
There are still a few left--on the cabinet across from the water cooler. Not saying how long they'll still be around ....
Who remembers drinking water from the water hose at they grannie house?
I can't wait for tomorrow!! :D LOL
RT : Want FREE cover tonight? Let me know by 9pm and ill list U! :)
Thanks for following, Verve! If you're ever in the mood for a tune about batman or a hooker or whatever your fave nerds are here!
I can forgive you, but I will never trust you again.</3>.<
gorgeous morning fbs! go outside!
Thank you for the follow! Great 2 meet you last night!
The #YES booth is almost giving this win to #DavidPhelps. But, the #Orioles still have 9 outs left. Well, make that 8.
Welcome to the Twittersphere! Happy to help w/ any tips or advice you need in this crazy world of 140c. :-D
HI DARLING :)
Ah, first time "ever" seemed a little odd!
This is a cool panel idea from #NSVFSummit: entrepreneurs pitch product, then an investor, educator & administrator ask ?s & give feedback.
Gogo at your awesomeness. Nice responses.
Let's buy it back and start Sports by Jonez and Brooks in the morning. Let's do it to it. Send me your resume. #jonez&brooks
Yea he is!! RT : all caught up in my #greysanatomy i cried :( #drsheperd is being a jerk to meredith!
I hate when someone I love more than anything calls me from a blocked number and then I wish I had answered...
Verified accts are a Catch 22. Verification is so u know it's REALLY them tweeting, but most verified acct's pay someone to tweet for them.
If we (LSE) aren't in a meeting, or the office-- working-- you'll most likely find us at.. PINCHE TACO!
Because uneducated people tend to vote Republican.
how many cups of coffee does it take to keep me awake today?? endless supply.. so damn tired ugh!
CEO Rick Davidson just said "Winner, winner, chicken dinner!!" Haha!!
Follow the project
yeah roast beef LMFAO
Excited to be have met the SDL Language Technology global sales team in Las Vegas. Translations & work flow with social media data.
Thanks for the RT! You going to make it to another tech startups meetup soon?
RT ready 2 start a diet/exercise regimen today. Any rec's b/t WW, Nutrisystem, Jenny Craig, Atkins?
preciate the follow mane
RT : Thanks for the follow! Are you near Beachwood? YES!! WE ARE LOCATED APPROX 25MN AWAY IN ELYRIA!!
Hey, I heard you make fun of people. What would you say to me??
good but we are going to bed now, I got my trip in the morning
i hope that kid dose not try 2 cut my hair again
Thanks for sharing!
oh ok i forgive you (;
Happy Valentine's Day !!!!
Any local comics you'd like to see at COBO? Post below (web links will help us find them) to clue us in!
my man!! Lets grab lunch with your biggest fan on day!!!
i do see my beauty, so does my bf
hells to the yea. so palatial
Balls. That is what I have to say. No, nothing practical, just balls. Okay? Alright.
Wish you were going to be there!
can we do both please
Big City. Small World.
Damm thought I was off ... I need a off day. I aint complainin when that money roll n.... I stack my money up.....
thanks all
I'll have to catch the podcast.
TODAY IS MY FOUR MONTHS WITH MY "HUSBAND"!(; LOL I love her! <3.
#Walmart names a woman as CEO of Sam's Club. Wonder if she will be paid as much as the man who held the job.
Haha, okay. I was about to say, how in the freaking world are you tweeting? But I gotcha. ;)
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by standing in one's own sunshine. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
Doodle jump.
So you cheat on me with you ex? And then your friend haves sex with a 17 year old girl n get her preggos?
love panties also.... feel so good and sexy now daily attire
Are the #Hawks the team to beat in the east?
IM SO HYPE FOR TO RETURN TO TWITTER! I hope he gives away prizes this season...! 🏁🏁🚥
Off to the airport, leaving my new home already!
There's always mad traffic there. It's never a good idea
Can you send us an email to chat further? Some students may be interested. TheBizDen Thanks! Cc/
RT : "If I waited till I felt like writing, I'd never write at all." Anne Tyler (Born 1941) Pulitzer Prize-Winning Novelist
I am beyond mad right now.
Hey B! Thanks for letting me play with ya'll on Thursday! I had a blast!
nigga fuck you. You not even worth a half empty expired packet of hot sauce from popeyes
haha I mean instead of using my real last name:)
The things I learn being ' research monkey
very true! i'm probably never gonna be famous, LOL, but i'm determined to never be a snob. :)
Wild Wesley Tomorrow Night!!! Spread the word
No matter how many times you tell her you're not a nice guy she'll never believe you till you cum in her & say well it was nice knowing you.
I hate when girls don't wear belts knowin they pants gon fall, that sht sick ta me.
isn't it funny how skipping them one day makes you miserable? And, by funny I mean miserable.
Awkward lunches<<<
People in Hell want Ice Water!
I am already in part three so it should be doable. I just have so many books I want to get read before I (maybe) move to China.
:-) haha love it
Happy Mothers Day :D
On the other hand, I'm thankful to be able to get up & go. GM WORLD!
50% off on CanvasPop wont last long - just a few more hours! Get to www.crowdclick.com immediately!
Hi Eric, nice to tweet you. Unfortunately our IMDb and FB pages as well as our movie website are all works in progress.
Premierchiro1, I can't send messages to those who aren't following me. To answer your Q, both you and your father's sibs would qualify.
You're very welcome!
Anyone else suspect that "vacation" is little more than a shift to the era. #I smell a rat #
WE let the dogs out emphasis on WE!!!!!
ill buy it only if Dave Coulier is a guest collaborator
Have no food in the fridge but will have 400 dollar sneakers on
lmao i really had to laugh at that one
Three bottles of wine...
Congrats to Claude Julien for coaching his 600th NHL game tonight!
what's your number
I had a strong feeling if anyone responded to that tweet, it would be you.
I find it funny that you hated me for a year for smoking pot. Lol now your smoking weed tomarrow. HAHAAHAHAHAH. What a hypocite!
Getting off work at 3am = no life
Youre right, gotta have those #Margaritas too!! and some #Tacos!! Have a great day! :)
and i dont know why im not good at talkin to girls im just not that good at it
Yay on finishing another year! You are one of the busiest people I know & it's fun watching your adventures!
whats going on tonight..?
you're probably not gonna read this but i'd like to say I love you so much & I'm one of your biggest fans. I love you!
i loove justin
do you have a boutique n Sequim WA?
Goodnight world. :)
": I try to keep it grimey." Thinking of you.
YES!!! I love NCIS! Sounds like an awesome Saturday to me!
Yeah Renner did a very good job. Ruffalo's Banner/Hulk and Agent Coulson were my favorites!
The riddle for what a house wears - should show a picture of a skirt, not a full dress - that was a bit confusing ;-)
#MelanieAmaro America got it right!!! Spectacular superstar wins X Factor USA!!!
So we can FaceTime!
that awkward moment when you yell real loud cuz you just sat back on your balls in church.
A pie crust promise - easily made, easily broken. Thanks, Mary Poppins.
My pessimism has never failed me, but I'm sure someday it will.
Shark Enterprises Shark Enterprises Shark Enterprises Shark Enterprises
Youd be amazed by what I consider my most memorable moments.
It's a big hit for the Casinos!
Ray stanz....the heart of the Ghostbusters
I believe that even asking that question is racist.
thankyou, so much 😌
Again with the four white men talking about women.
last place I worked, the only way to really work was to arrive like 7:30am. Stopped once managers started arriving early too
It was a nice pieceful evening. Now I'm angry and want to punch Helicoptor guy in the face
lucky ! its windy in philadelphia. /:
I donated to Wikipedia, now is there a way to hide Jimmy Wale's nagging face ads from my entire network?
you're so full of bullshit.
Can't wait to say I knew way back before he was famous from being on ESPN all the time
thanks for the follow back!! Sexy
No problem -- just RT'ed. Hope you guys are having fun! Good luck.
so what!
Shut your mouth.
thank you Teebaby! For being you. You are amazing in every which way imaginable :-)
Merry humpy night too all
Happy 78 birthday Gmama cause you gone but ever or gotten
All those cars are from years B.G. (Before Gasser).
Aww. Nor corny to love yer mama!
Enjoyed lunch today with a colleague I haven't seen in 10 years - much too long! Reach out to an old friend - it will warm your heart.
You know what? I don't like Peeps. There, I said it.
Good morning, Berlin. ... cool wind beginning a Saturday, but at least it is not raining (yet)
thank YOU!! aw x 1000. :) x 198531050. !!
That's an uncouth Alabaman. Charlottesville, Virginia appreciates good food!
Text " HDXL Lacuna Coil " to 31452 to vote for "Trip the Darkness" Come on coilers! There's no limit to voting!!
what's a getaway room? I think my company need one of those haha
Mark you better start practicing the three man weave...
im not a rapper
you've got the wrong Deserters, friend.
My dawg said you ain't no freak, so you got to prove my man wrong 😌
me too.. I was missing him a lot the past two days x
I want to be the gravity in your universe.
Tell me about it! I thought it was either Occupy Portland marching on the bldg or Armageddon.
...."the product is not the book, it is the consequence of the book...knowledge is a core service," ICMA's Carlee
pretty sleepy day, very tired. D:
Scared money don't make no money
Me to. I'd like to complain more on twitter but I don't want to be one of those people.
what are you seeing, I am happy to help
U gon have gud times & u gon have bad times in your life, so just take this shit 1 day at a time...
just kidding I'm getting pink next time and purple this time haha
Happy Monday! New Spring Spray Tanning Specials! 3 tans for $75!
Picking up da pup 🐶
KATY PERRY - CALIFORNIA GURLS featuring Chocs - musical instrument cases percussion
It got so quiet I heard the guy in front of me scratch his a....Affinity for piety, and yes, the iPhone changes poetry to piety.
Not a fan of this chilly weather. Is it OK if I'm wearing my wool hat, ?
Oh no , this girl might just get On my nerves today .
Most of the chatter on Twitter about Shibboleth involves "The West Wing"
I just saved 50% on a Kayak tour for 2 of the caves - amazing! But I won't get the deal until they sell 30 total - pls
hehe picking up your tix right now.
Did sprnetwork's very own RobertWagner () end up working as an extra on TNT's Leverage today? Stay tuned...
Merry Christmas to one and all from the Society for the College! Enjoy this musical greeting we received from W&M President Taylor...
miss ya too brother man!
Happy wedding! Cheers
Happy Mothers Day and <3
happy turckey day....hope everyone has an awesome day.......not me
To write a classic, go back in time when people didn't use words like "damn" and "horny," use those words, enjoy spot in literary pantheon.
That's great. nothing like a little family time! :)
If anyone objects to me posting facts about me,then speak now before I post more because I'm in a kind of depressed mood today
Louis Vuitton Condoms ...... "Keep ya d*ck fancy, ya dig?" should be the motto.
ur taste still lingers on my lips, like I've just placed them upon urs :')
DVD & CD Duplication & Printing on tap for today. Also mastering Jeremy's new CD "Guitar Heaven" & a 21-song 1960's compilation CD to.
Happy Valentine's Day!! What's the best gift you've ever received or given on this day??
If NYC is supposed to be so cool and progressive, then why the hell an I listening to Otherside by RHCP?
Steak n Shake time with the cymbals <3
Whew! Busy, busy. Sometimes we just need more time in the day. I think I need an assistant that knows how program in java, php, or .net. ;)
I doubt we will
a day on the life by The Beatles
Dude the sky is black 😱
Where ya headed?
c; you're so silly.
lol :) tell him that he can never get close to finishing the game then! MW3 is coming out in november!! He has no chance :)
I'm gonna go ahead and fully embrace this new eBay addiction.
#twittertools NearbyTweets: Launched as an early–stage beta January 20th, 2009, the Nearby Tweets project was developed by Brian Cray to ext
What im wearing>>>>
Imperial Beach Man arrested 3x in 5 days for DUI was "sober for 2 1/2 years" according to public defender. Driving isn't in his future.
Matt Bonner has been pretty quiet.
how much u charging for the mixtape host
oh cool! When is that??
Congrats to on his new job! Happy last day at work :)
everyone go follow and for me c: love you all
No problem, and the same to you.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain
I think whiskey is cool.
that was fun!
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood. ~ Oscar Wilde
Campbell says Kony 2012 part of disinformation campaign of US military.
- so, are you really up for the challenge of something as significant as we discussed earlier?
You made me a star!
Man, tickets for The Seven are going fast! I hope you have yours and don't forget to enjoy the other events in Savor ABQ June 3-12
How true! RT : "Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't." Erica Jong
Watching #doctorwho and having a blast.
nikki it seem like the new girl attacked you as if she was a savage couger cat lol damn we won't know until monday.
Congrats on season 5 renewal of #SouthLand!
heading to sb!
get one of the last 8 pairs of guie shoes!! #handmade and #fairtrade plus pretty pretty, flats to stand out!
IT'S MIGUEL CAIRO. Throw f'ing fastballs right down the middle.
Love Black Lab Mixes- you can never go wrong with rescuing a black lab mix, docile and sweet.
whaaa? RT : I LOVE Swedish Fish! Who's with me?
2012 Toyota Pro/Celebrity Race Participants
lol who would of thought that's when our whole saga would start
Sweet ... bring it!
I didn't know Al Pacino looked so different from when he was in Scar face.. xD
#thankateacher 30th annual CA Day of the Teachers: prosperity of our state & nation is determined by skills & abilities of next generation
Focus is determining what your current priority is and then directing all your energy to that priority. What's your focus?
Duke Blue Devils
pickup Manning in TEN on your way here
OMG new song #angel is AMAZING ! Can't wait for September 20th !
just a basic RCA cable (red and white) to male headphone jack
Double rainbow #ftw ! I love phoenix sometimes :)
Took in the Rythm of the Night at the Red Rock Resort and Casino. Very smart idea. Hope it works out this summer.
A day by the pool, a night by the TV.
How lucky we are to live in San Diego! What fun things do you have planned for the family this weekend?
amazing what happens when you get to pick the ball up early
off to WCL happy hour with , , and more!
hm looks kind of like Don Rickles to me...
there are options. Talked to retailers there who are looking to carry more lead substitutes.
That's a new one. I haven't seen a paid blog subscription before now.
City Club opening night!
looking forward to leading a CLE for new NC Bar admittees tomorrow
It's Wednesday! Which means.... Bingo at 7! Come see us:)
that sounds like a lot of hours
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it.
I just gave a homeless man a whole bag of family size pretzels, also a 20oz red bull. It felt good to give. Good karma?
It's a Taylor Swift kind of a day. #np "Come in With the Rain."
another day another dollar if you're ready for the weekend, let me hear ya holla!!
I'm not complaining! Ha continue as normal (:
Had an amazing time meeting my student today. Excited to explore the world of photography w/ her. Thank you for this opportunity
wearing 5” heels is a talent in and of itself!
#Blah Super Mcnasty!
Thanks for letting us old(er) guy ride with you. Perfect evening in #Carmel for the 1st
"Now I have a machine gun. Ho-Ho-Ho"
Hopefully the Colts can pick a winner. Peyton's shoes will be hard to fill.
Is the weather going to hold out in DC for Jazz in the Park this afternoon? That is the question.
and a tip of the hat to you, sir!
Hey creeper Get out of my neighborhood lol
Starting to study for my Advanced Sommelier exam with Arthur! He knows so much more than I do, so it's helping motivate me.
They say obese people are malnourished.
with an "Animal Standoff" update: While taking in the hay crop, I heard woodpeckers pounding the ash stand. Butterflies and grasshoppers?
Next Thursday, April 26! Sounds like we're in luck then and you get to join us! YAY! Look forward to toasting with you then!
I havent seen you in forever it seems
Do you have a nick name?...
well, do you have rain pants??
130th Airlift Wing, WV Air Guard has three aircraft n crews deployed in Afghanistan right now...
really, you're 12 and you make out with your boyfriend. don't text me telling me how 'amazing' you thought it was. #peoplethesedays. man!
Sometimes you need to crank up "Looking After Number One"
Thank you for following! I look forward to learning more about you.
Like what you do. If you don't like it, do something else. -Paul Harvey
Suffering from tweeter's block. I think I'll play piano now. Have a nice evening!
It's prom day and I can't even get out of bed. 💤
that is no fun. lol. but im just watching tv
Responded to FIRE @ 205 Clarkson Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11226 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
NewJackCity The realist hardcore movie of it's time!
Does anyone else NOT like GMail's new modern themes? No fluidity to me at all.
Russia is celebrating Victory Day today. Happy Holiday to all the veterans and citizens of the nation!
Anyone got the loins?
RT : We Able Veterans contribute and love our country. <> Yes, I know Jim. And your fellow countrymen love you.
Gates is probably guilty of even doing illegal things related to anti-trust laws. I think he's become somewhat reformed, though.
"I never wrote it."
thanks for coming out mihir
“Worrying won’t keep the bad stuff from happening
Just got feedback that the cast of #TrueBlood loves 's Urgent Repair Shampoo & that Mia and Alcide would make a cute couple.
A4: #UPS has done a fantastic integration w logistics using licensing, coaches, school #sponsorships & their #NCAA deal
the rain is only a breath of fresh air
is patient with us.
I know there are commercials being cast Dec. 19-22. Have some session runner friends staying in town for the work.
You Control Your Destiny, What Are you going to do with it?
Lmao!! That would happen to me!!
Shopping today , gotta get a new outfit for this weekend :))
boring day
we are coming to portland soon.
The Lollapalooza line up just blew my mind, chili peppers and black sabbath, are you fucking kidding me?
MWIP nice promo!
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Sewing Stories , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
i bet you kick ass at tetrisss
Goin over everything one more time then sleep
Sry I'll be on a plane and not home til late #Karaoke Wed? may have appearance by !
I just wanted to thank Michael Gilchrist and Terrence Jones and ALL THE #BBN fans that came to this weekend. IT was a blast!
. I think there is merit to that. Are you talking about a general look at mass transit here or its impact on sports?
Ellsbury has accounted for a third of their hits this series. Bats going missing again.
Your joke was fine,old,but fine.As far as your interpretation.Your entitled to yours,as am I.
We could either pick them up or you could drop off Let us know what works best via email:
All these "Rockstar" photographers getting backlash on their insane prices for workshops...kinda makes me giggle
Don't wait for government, force them to you. Transformative social change needs government.
I was at first then the phone froze and it won't stop now
Something about reggae music just puts me n a good mood
This is the best sports radio show on the planet! I'm hooked to 94WIP on twitter,FB,and on radio.
another couple of angelic Trayvons
next time. :) I'll do it more often for sure! It was so fun! Sorry you had to work. :(
Congratulations on your new time slot, but I'm sure gonna miss you 1-3 on WDBO. I'll try to find the TV show.
Someone obviously woke up pissed cause now I have to walk to school. -_-
Most women don't know where to look when they're eating a banana.
why not? 0_o more for me lol
Lets make those request at your local radio station for "Gettin Em" by new single
Dean Kamen describing creating robotic prosthetic arms for wounded warriors. Awesome
#100thingsIhate - winter break ending
New Hampshire and Vermont: New England's Yin and Yang. I prefer Yang. Or whichever one Vermont is.
maybe it was seeking revenge for its ancestors being kicked out during the development of the city.
Heading to 's #EatMobile? Bring a light jacket! Meteorologist says it'll be partly cloudy, temps in the 55-60s.
let's go Yanks. Gotta kick em when they're down!
Dam I gotta hear game new mix tape
Yes, thanks for a good race I'll have Another. #kentuckyderby 2 minutes of awesome.
you should be like a news reporter hahaha you're all prepared for this signing and everything !
Love this weather
Q1: Aqua Blue, Cherry Blossom, Graphite Gray, Ruby Red, Sapphire Blue and Spearmint
thank you :)
There's a lot of delicious Pizza in Portland but 1 standouts for me. Apizza Scholls located @ 4741 SE Hawthorne Blvd.
Fun night! We were hoping Lounge Act would win if not ourselves but I'm personally glad that a Queens band won. Congrats Beecher's Fault!
not even close! Tough day?
So excited for #WITS tonight! Last time I saw in concert was in Decorah, Iowa circa 1988-89.
its gonna be a good day. minus all the work i have to do.
Well put RT : Everyday is the best day to do something. Don't wait!
#YouShouldBeEmbarrassed if you're John Lackey and you're cashing #RedSox paychecks.
Nail Club & Spa is offering Xtream lashes so you can have long, beautiful, yet natural looking #eyelashes 24 hours a day...
I want to be on impractical jokers.
There is no way I can put all these stories all into one video. I think I will be doing a series.
Whoa - it just hit me! Whoa.
thanks Aubrey! Love you too!
I thought I was going to be able to sleep tonight ha I was wrong
happy birthday, and 39 minutes.
great "seeing" you too!
when do they drop? What retailers gettin em?
I do!
No one told me sepia mutiny was closing shop! I know i was already emotional but i'm so sad! We don't have enough good desi blogs :(
After the War of 1812 Castle Clinton was given to the City of NY to become and open air entertainment center
Is that your alarm clock sleep late Tuesday's?
Did manage to find time to adhere to original plan, though. Laid 3 instruments and 5 vocals on a demo this afternoon in about an hour.
please hire me!!!
Judge: Sen. Menard will not testify.
ha! No...not related to the book. I coined #wikibranding back in 2007 at an Ad:Tech.
Jackson WI? Now stop dropping coins , you do not live in a 3D game!
list me
I wish to be famous but its too difficult to write a song nice
I fucking miss you.
How apropos! MURDER AT THE LANTERNE ROUGE takes us to one of 4 Chinatowns in Paris. We will have to make notes for Lily Marie...
Shoutout To Those Now Supporting Good Music..
4 weeks until -if only time would fly by. We can't wait for this inaugural convention. Bring on the geekdom.
Had such a great time with the youth group tonight - awesome bunch of kids, and they play plague like no one else. :)
Just got back from the football game and ahh it was so much fun<3 how is everyone doing? :) ~~Emily<3
You have more restraint than me sister!
We arent bitches we just dont like you so hop off of my jock and get a life and stop hatin not nice
Check UTD email and the #utdgsa FB page for a list of upcoming job talks. GREAT experience as you prepare for your own job search.
I smile.....not for any particular reason. Just because it feels good.
What are your favorite books of 2011?
thank you so much! I caught your LTL appearance recently too. Great segment on sports injuries & keeping kids safe!
Has anyone heard of the Paleo Diet? What do you think?
ill have you know my Scarface impression is flawless. Great vid!
Think he's a Mariner at midnight tonight?
Looking forward to the CEO Project this week in Chicago!
Nina, our thanks to you!
Ok, bad ideas first!
Thanks loads! This list is pure gold. :)
herb sounds great
Having fun with the kids at our first game this season. Tight one here at the Pond. Nice HR by to tie it up.
When we lose the right to be different, we lose the priviledge to be free!!- Charles Evans Hughes
So is the gf Hannah Mahoney? They have the exact same hair and cardigan... Not to mention she was in OKC the same time and now in California
While NBA video edits last MIL inbounds, which deserves probity in review of contact - SABR heads, what % of game-enders lack a clean look?
had the best day of my life with the best boyfriend in the world!!!(:
no i dont rave, but there's always a first time for everything right?! O.o
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
I'm sick of drama. It's never going to go away either. Being human sucks sometimes.
1–3 years of experience, that is.
As long as I get invited to on one of the nights.
just having a huge jam sesh
I don't know if you're a bigger quitter in real life, or animated? Help me out....
don't jinx us please
while driving down the road around 9 this evening my friend and I passed an old man in a wheelchair, just chillin' by his mailbox. AWKWARD.
love easter! cholates and money!
yep;) hey there
While we all love to be pampered, massage should also be viewed as an essential practice of health maintenance.
It's been awhile since I've felt butterflies.. It must mean something.<3
Stuff coming soon.Very excited.
same! Rock&cena match was alright just wish Cena would have won! Grrr.
Thank you for reading and paying attention. No, 'Piso Christ' is not fiction. Proof is there for both items.
CPA by day. Designing/creating jewelry nights/weekends. Am obsessed w/my new creative project. I am who I am! Don't do anything 1/2 way!
Is giving me mega preacher in his Avi! Amen Church!
Anybody want to go See battleship with me tomorrow? I hope Rihanna dies ^_^
Gonna tweet while in school(:
I dont even like clubbing no more...i stopped
Watching windows weekly #212... real fighting/argumentation going on ... Fully expect to see shout "Screw you "! :)
Jeb Bush: "I'd Consider Vice Presidency"... Not too far-fetched a choice IMO.
Poke the Bull, you get the horns! :)
#SFAD - How to you find a good #screenwriting mentor?
Best Fabric store in Boulder : probably in Colorado too!
I'll be the new GSA chief. Seriously. I know how to spend money to get the most bang out of a buck. I live in NoVA.
And may the friends gathered below it never fall out.
Show tonight at Swayzes Venue in Kennesaw! We still have a few pre-sale tix! $12 bucks We go on at 7pm! doors open at 6 (^_^)
PUMPED for concert tonight!!! HELLO WELCOME to MY Hometown: #AtlanticCity!
RT : For those Americans watching, Gryffindor is in red; Ravenclaw is in blue.
thank u!
haha I already knew that because I just googled him haha he's older then me! By a like 3 months lol
the one you put on your twitter.... you have more than one? haha
For sure mate, send me a DM
Eh, I don't think they'll continue to play like this for long.
I'm so bored
Really wishing I could see you at ! I may pop in early...what time are you on?
yooooo met you at the meth concert been listening to your cd its hott youve got skillz
If you have a dream, a purpose, something you believe in... Chase them, and FUCK what anyone else thinks.
is it said that I forget to fastforward when watching DVR?
This fan base... some people annoy the poo outta me... but most I love to death. Seriously Arianators come up with the greatest things ever!
RT : Just arrived in Dc for #WHCC I'll be live tweeting Ursula Burns fireside chat tomorrow for the company -
Everybody look good last night !
Motion Passes unanimously
I got money, I got juice I got to the party and I got loose
sounds good
We're loving all the quotes from the #sxswedu sessions that everyone is tweeting! Keep em coming!
Don't you think it's time Congress Passed a bill to remove the"Loop-holes"the Country is Screaming for,Not Crap from Obama
Being defeated is often temporary, giving up makes it permanent.
Maryland vs. North Carolina - as an alum of both institutions, I will have to cheer for...the winner!
Will Javhid best taking 10 mil instead of 13 mil like the guys picked near him got make Jerry Hughes deal harder?
made me teary :')
you got robbed but you are still so young and will win many.
she's still got a gunt
Sometimes picking the favorite is the right thing to do.
well, I'm talking about over a decade ago and my main problem was the source code became a black box other tools couldn't touch
Summer Teach Begins
"He who holds back rising anger like a rolling chariot, him I call a real driver; other people are but holding the reins”
I from Italy... I Love You!! <3 You are my hero! <3
hhhhaahaha aw sad!!!! Hahahahaha I know We will meet him someday!!!!!
I wish I was with you!! Find me tickets for some big east games!!
I am the better person and I dont have to prove it to anyone because the people who truly care see it(:
Does that mean vinny is going to be there or no?
awh thanks sweetheart :)
Here comes #Luigi to close out the show.
yep! #HarryPotterNerd s
hey! that's in chicago! we could have a t.c. meetup!
#LUXURYHOTEL VS CRUISE??
Loves the feeling of knowing where you live and laugh is really home. The air smells better in the Bluegrass.
Hi I just watched ur vid about the book, I'm lookin for a new job as I get treated like crap in my current job and just ........
“: Started the new year crying. How lovely.” cheer up, Queen C! :)
Christmas should work that way, too: "I'll take a poinsettia, incense & Silent Night. Hold 3 Kings. Gotta make 10AM presents
Music fans: who is #coachella bound? Anyone going to check out our WEA artists? Friday night the Black Keys are headlining
Thinking about creating a contest for the best Halloween costume and giving away FREE college textbooks to the winners...what do you think?
Crystal's friend since 6th grade.Tweeting 2 raise awareness for #suicide prevention walking w/ #TeamSoaringHigh TorchforTom
Football all weekend! Who you rooting for? All the action here!
if i could go to any haunted place in the world it would be bobby Mackey just to see if it as haunted as ppl say it is
wake up in the mornin', 2 hoes layin' next to me. plus an officer arrestin' me ..
#kings #flyers please please please
In other news, I hate meaningless content marketing.
Going into IKEA. If I don't make it out alive, can have all of my band shirts.
Zappos breaks Guinness World Record for the most ppl high fiving. 3,504 #CRUSHED old record of 2,176
Ladies n gentlemen, i have a hater RT : your not a thug tho your the complete opposite.
One nice thing about #Vegas is that everywhere I go I can watch a soccer match. Even on the floor at
Let your conversation be always full of grace, seasoned with salt, so that you may know how to answer everyone. Colossians 4:6
so you didn't eat that cat poop? :) if you get a few free minutes in you're very busy schedule holla at a #webdev !
thanks for the recipes; will makes something this weekend with all my beets!
She was a gorgeous Asian gal in a blue dress with matching shoes. I lost her when she ducked into the Artisan Cellar.
Everyday is a good day to train...
when are you ever?
Yo La Tango & Cash
For Customer Appreciation Weekend gt Free Locks again tonight by shooting us an email!
Teams that lack confidence always find a way to lose. I watch my Chi Bulls 2day and they miss 4 FTs in OT @ MSG. Have confidence & make em'!
Maintaining NY's Natural Elegance We Make it Shine All the Time!
yeah get it updated some where and send me the link and the art to
could've fronted zeppelin
My camera doesn't focus on the dresses very well. The purple looks blue and the red looks very shiny... silky like...
Happy Leap Day! Anyone else wish we could just leap into Spring already???
1 Cup White Vinegar to 3 Cups Water will eliminate Pet Urine Odors from your carpets!
I hate when I can't get you off my mind.
Just saw a truly barefoot runner running down the sidewalk. He looked highly cautious and a bit uncomfortable.
PS Skip won't be there.
"17 percent of homeless youth on the district’s rolls are living without a parent or guardian"
Literatechnia brand: The letters rebellion or how will survive a bookstore?
look for me in the crowd on sunday, ill be the one with the Matty Ice? Mr. Softee sign.
Cool! How many systems are you migrating, and what tools are you using? Inquiring minds want to know. ^RB
I should probably leave the building more often.
Last night! Good movie. I recommend it.
Happy and safe Holidays to all of my followers
Big Love! How are you?
I mean, that is like catnip for me (like "Jericho," but with JJ Abrams), so I'll def watch it until it's proven terrible...
One month until LOST!
so excited for you! congrats!
hope you get to go!
": In a world where we all desire to love, it's amazing how many people are hurting."
Ready to start one more gig y despues a dormir
need to have a narrative and stay on topic. I think they should call it blame wall street.
Heat or thunder 2nite ??
Life for me is like brake every bone in my body then brake some more..!!!
Ronald is my hometown boy.
