holy rattlesnakes
narveson and estrada have pitched pretty well in relief. marcum and wolf both looked lost.
Oh I'm a Ghost.
Rory Gilmore and Mr. Belding in the same Mad Men episode?
My bed>>>> anything else right now
“: I wish Oreo's weren't so delicious so I could stop eating them lol” agree!!!
We are glad to hear that Hoyas are getting involved across the city. Jointly, we can make a difference.
tony is coming for a haircut soon!
is talking about her favorite subject hair!
One thing I discovered making the video for COLLIDER GETS MOONED, tonight at Stonewall: many folks are convinced the moon landing was fake.
u guys killed it on ABDC and all of ur fans support u guys no matter wat :) <3
I want 2 get chocolate vanilla wasted
Wow, your new P.D. Suit is hot hehe I likey hehe ;P
#survivor ha ha ha!! Check out Tarzan bathing Leif!!! Hilarious...
May the 4th be with you...We just love lisps
first time to sign on!
could u do it again plzplzplzplzplz thank u :D
in Miami or atx?
Who can't wait to see Lady Antebellum?
is the press conference live in Memphis?
What am I gonna do with my life when Daniel goes to UCF 😣😢
no way!!! How many rings did miller earn again? Zero. Jordan did it all finals MVP, all star MVP, dunk champ, defensive POY
Going to school :) hbu?
i agree-a title is important for more than one reason.
there was some sort of major infraction.
My #PittsburghSteelers drafted #MikeAdams and while I am not concerned about the marijuana usage, I am about his mere 19 bench-press reps.
picked up soil, boxes, and tools for ! What a long and hot day!
#AthensBannerHerald chooses not to run Doonesbury because the cartoons are about transvaginal ultrasound? Really? Go
LOL, he prolly likes u, thts y he always talked to me
Church really was amazing today. I kind of have an addiction to Passion City.. haha.
Don't you hate it when you get to the bus stop just as the bus is pulling off?
My phone is actn up. I dont like droid
5-6 minutes if possible. You will be presenting to the entire group. We are excited to see your project!
One thousand Americans stop smoking every day - by dying. ~Author Unknown
Giant Love to for their awesome work in helping kids with cancer through Radiothon!!! :)
Rangers!! What a win!!
Geez I love when my retarded bus driver closes the door as I'm about to get on the bus
His Family Coming Tomorrow From NY <3
I miss Sirius Black.
taken 1 pick ahead of #Lincecum if I remember correctly???
JUST CHILLIN GETTING READY FOR WORK ON FRIDAY..........
sounds like my recipe for chili. bahahha. a lil bit o' this. a lil bit o' that. and viola! chili!
just realized we used the word "twat" in our last 2 tweets...woops! must have sex & hotties on the brain!
The informality of family life is a blessed condition that allows us to become our best while looking our worst. ~Marge Kennedy
if only nbc would let you stream it over the web!
Getting ready to listen to Influence reporters & at the Young Lobbyists Network hosted by
hahaha that's what I thought
he had lunch with me today but didn't sit beside each other.
we need to set a date for our next adventure to japan ;D
K-Stew Is More Like A Vampire Than Her 'Twilight' Co-Stars! - Hollywood Life
you are our 600th follower. Thanks! 600 followers in less than 45 days using sound #socialmedia techniques.
andrew bynum. wow..
mane not this shit again lol RT": Also, #ICantStandPeople that say "Krogers". There's no "S" ANYWHERE"
these shenanigans CANNOT continue.
Attending a discussion with William Noel (Rare Book Curator at the Walters Museum) on digitizing ancient works. Follow 4 detail
Or any day of the week": my last rt, only when i hear miss may i, or totally amazing breakdowns. #jizzworthy lol akskdljsjd"
My hair is red.. so when I'm sporting pigtails, it reminds me of the Wendys chick.
The Black Jacobins - C.L.R. James
It's not
Im up. And so excited for anaheim this april.
Looking for a Flex Developer! Contract would start ASAP. Call us if you are interested-1-800-231-7960!
Your welcome, that's awesome!
Rick Astley is only 46? Huh.
I tell you when it rains it motherfucking pours!
I am cleaning through my desk because I'm waiting for people to finish so that I can do more work.Conclusion: My predecessor was a hoarder.
Co-signs, seconds, AND thirds statement!
wasn't it not so long ago people were citing the lack of an optical drive on the MacBook Air line as a fatal flaw?
I agree. Too much at stake.
oh! I totally wanted to do that before I left....
yea son we gotta do both but u comin tonight right
I'm having difficulty understanding what you mean by 'not used that' - Can you clarify?
Mark Cherry might be the only man in the world who truly understands white women...
Eesh! That was painful to read :/ PR
just got another poster of 1D where im going to put it i have no more room in my wall ?
Blow me.
So sorry- I just got your tweet! I have some pictures if you still want them!
ALSO I LOOK LIKE I'M TEN HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
im here fo ya
Its all about the Benjamins! $500,000 payout funds program without state dollars.
The sky over Boston right now is so dark. Where did the nice weather go?
Did you know that our ambassadors are eligible for incentives? including an IPAD, Getaways and Cash?drop us a line
This may be a record week for me! @ 498 followers and @ 998 tweets!
Mr. Ferris, when did you call to make the reservation?
Test creation in BB not user friendly for accounting
since when u famous
Not enough Joan in the recent #MadMen episodes!
Bryce Harper showing in one night he's must watch...
Gotta go to bed. :C Stupid Choir. .-.
I'll re-watch -- thanks RT : Watch replay of Fla Derby and you will believe Take Charge Indy wins or gets a piece.
they look so good!
thanks van!!
Heyy, everyone! *waves*
Oh, and there's kind of always been a lot of #MirandaCosgrove stuff on tumblr that tries to be funny, but I don't get where that started...
I'll be seriously bummed if I have to start mowing my grass soon.
A2: Skills more valuable in long run, but sadly you are mostly judged on past experience. Great book...The Rare Find.
I would get up and work out or cook dinner if the kitty would stop being so damn sweet and adorable!
Chase on the keeper scores a TD and the Locos increase the lead to 23-3. #ufl 7:58 remaining in the game.
Looking forward to the weekend
really? I've been thinking about ditching FB, but I'm worried I'll feel that way.
-well, prob. not valid, likely not sound. Fine Q, but you don't rush to abandon contemporary practice of public accountability.
squee!!! and #DarnellWilliams in the same scene on #YR FINALLY!!!
The day follows me, Is the day the world ends ... But i can wait
Just got done watching #NSN still makes me cry every time
Def just stared down a guy who looked too much like Arnold at the bus stop... but wasn't him. The #governator probsss doesn't take the bus.
deserves more then 1.2 million let's trend #1Dto2million ??
Downloading military tribute songs for Armed Forces Day this Saturday.
If there were a mixte version of that it would be the perfect bike for my partner.
Comcast is pathetic. 45 minutes jerking me around on the phone for no resolution. ridiculous
You know my name but not my story. You've heard what i've done but not what i've been through.
Hearing word there may have been another toddler wandering alone this morning, this time in NE Portland... details to come.
Even the Lakers dissappointing me tonight..
that baby is ridiculously adorable hyun!
it shouldn't be that small. What browser are you getting that on?
"Give me eyes to see you in the dark."
Stupid ass pack lol
yah - I'm in los angeles ca -
President has just declared Jermaine, Cee Lo, and Christina Aguilera to be state sponsors of terrorism...
Oh Mann Craw
If you take your age, multiply it by 7, then multiply by 1443, the answer repeats your age 3 times
Sleep tight!
Identity Festival.2012.Jones Beach. Can not wait.
#indieFilmlove For some reason, I don’t think it will last as long as blockbuster film love.
Having one of those days.
So why it sound like a baby in the ditch crying.!? #Strange.!
certainly. Its about Milwaukee and this is an issue.
...Bow down before the one you serve, you're going to get what you deserve
Very upsetting when you ask for sprite and get Sierra mist
Thats ok Antonio, Just take the day to relax and do whatever it is you would like to do. Make it an Antonio day!!!
Wow! Good job :)
comfy in bed, drinking coffee ☕☺
that party last night was awfully crazy i wish we taped it
listen to y'all music every morning
Wow-first I've heard of de-friending being expensive.
So glad I didnt buy presale and have to wait
agree with ; innovative, beautiful, important.
If you can wait till i get home, them i swear to you, that we can make this last
"Look your best--who said love is blind?" -- Mae West
Sometimes I wonder what the fuck am I doing with my life? I love music. Someone needs to punch me
Its great to know GOD & have great friends!
: I have to be honest, I am a little heart broken. Absolutely love the theatrics of that show.
Aw... that's nice. It is good he was checking on you. Good thing you weren't sipping the tonic! :) He could have caught you!
Ben Hanowski scored!! SCSU won the first round of playoffs!! & we scored on an empty net with 0.1 seconds!!
tell Jay (Mr. Zwerner) that I need a ride when I see him next. And to be safe and wear a helmet.
booked my winter album release party!!! December 17th, folks :)
Why am I awake?!
Rain rain go away! Come again some other day!
LOL....see! Judging me!!! *frown*...you know I'm a sweetheart
Exhausted. Trying to make a challenging decision.
DISC Certification Training for San Diego / Orange County Announced by DISCcert
Trading #hipstercityshowdown memes with the inimitable Bexcalibur is sunshine on this rainy day
I'm better,<3
Ever check your Facebook early in the morning where you have to close one eye because the screen is too bright?
you know youre tired when you move your eyes and the whole room starts spinning....
It's an 80s revival to go along with kids wearing Wayfarers, neon & animal prints.
lol how u been honey
(Tony Parker) for
totally impressed. great tool!
OUT OF CONTROL BEARDS
I was about to write something arrogant but I done grew up
Having some cantaloupe for late night snack. They are packed with Vitamin C, potassium, antioxidants, and can help protect skin from sunburn
I provide you fast and accurate information to help you decide which artist to book! For all your booking needs call my office 316-393-0189!
Beastie Boys will be on all day rotation! RIP #MCA damnit, dying is not cool Beasties!
Thanks for the tip on Socialbro! What a great tool to help better manage my Twitter account. Hope you're having a great weekend
Newt Gingrich: I've have more experience in voting for failed proposals than you guys.
lol i all ready kno my nigga but dat bitch im gone have to show him
Are you available today to discuss the bankruptcy vote? I'm a reporter at Governing magazine.
u kno my heart is always yours
He'll get back to you on that. RT : The needs to catch up, look @ #SinceMittsBeenGone initiative, they're killing us.
Sorry buddy -- no reservations for lunch right now.
N'awlins bound with in the AM for #CTIAw12 - who will be there other than eh?
haha yeah it is....
just set my alarm to 5:12 a.m , back to reality. Fuck this
wait...*you're* PSassy?? OMG
Irony...before it's even spent a dime, the Character Matters SuperPAC shows . to be completely devoid of character
Astrologer says I ought to be on vacation now. Does a trip to the Eye doctor count? Good day, eh.
IM SO FKIN TIRED
Awee look at Chris on Dancing w/ the Stars
How are you
Awesome! Thanks for using the photo!!
Next Health receives $100K, plans product launch - Mass High Tech
Good point! MT A2 GroveAtlantic was in the list for this years WBN with Peace Like A River. So wasn't ALL the big guys.
Where's everyone headed for Friday Art Walk?
in the US?
Thank you for the shout out RT :
We're a GREAT local charity.
What was that Angelina? Bizarre stance.
Joe Paterno was the man
Am I the only one that thinks about Mike Tyson every time I hear "In The Air Tonight"?
I love this! How are you feeling?
In this tug of war, you'll always win, even when I'm right,
Nice to see Alex Smith in the SF Giants cap in his interview w/Bradshaw.
Love, love, love my new Hero2 camera.
Dont ask me a ? if your bitchass cant handle the truth, ima air yo cool ass out every time, so try again muttasuckas!
I totally agree
Keeping a positive attitude tho :)
- sorry for the late response, was on vaca. I got that question wrong in my interview too, so I can't hold it against you :)
I just want you to miss me the way I miss you.
Just played 's 911 call video at #viralrtp! Hope you're well ;)
“: Sitting on a bench thinking I'm getting little tickles from the nice breeze, naw it's ants.” hahahahaha stop
I get really confused when multiple people have the same picture. I use those, not names, to see who is tweeting.
I recommend Kirsten Lewis Photography
Officer involved shooting at tonights Anaheim Angels gm. Off duty cop shoots 2. I guess cops swinging batons at dodger games isn't so bad.
Whoa, #AmericanGods. Whoa.
Enjoying sunny Florida!
AMAZING SHOT!!
Is SOPA the latest installment in Beniger's control revolution?
OH YEAH YOU GUYS TOO :)
Traffic Alert: NW5th & Davis to Everett Streets blocked off as crime scene - man jumped off a building after running from
OVERTIME!!!! GO HUSKIES!!!
Click on the link and view Chief Saunders Video and click the "like" button and and let's get his segment as the most viewed to for TV.
I might be a little late on this (decades) but SNL isn't really funny
Villanova digital library team digitizes items for partners for free. #thatcampphilly (VU Stuff attendees know this.) Go VU!
Known around town as the chick who get down
: its a big parking lot now. Still no development.
#BackInTheOldDays i was the worst counter of life. I would repeat my numbers and now im in Algebra. LMAO
Democracy... just a dream?
Awww!!!!! I love that we are still Friends! :) Facebook helps a lot too even though I don't talk to peeps as much as I should!
Thanks for the RT!
Life is 10% what you make it, and 90% how you take it.
Yea the radio does suck nowadays...
This true life I'm obsessed with my cell phone episode is ridiculous.. Ppl need to get their priorities straight
We're tracking tweets about the GOP primaries. Analysis of today's #iacaucus tweets predict a win by or More tomorrow!
Just got word that #vegan MAPLE SKYDOTTIR COOKIE ice cream is being scooped at in #Ballard! Omnom.
Sims sims sims sims . Sims sims sims sims . Sims sims sims sims.. Da da da dah da daaaaah . Sims! I have an addiction
M, fried pickles. Totally underappreciated. (Same goes for scruffy boys.)
thanks! Our #Isles still have a glimmer of hope...
RT if you believe i love you... I really really do i pray to meet you on July 29th
Morning y'all!!!
The problem is, he's either awesome, or terrible. Why can't he just find the middle?
Expensively formatted anything are there for those who desire quality, always take the bold approach and invert yourself seriously.
Need suggestions on places to get stickers printed in the LP/Lakeview area, and suggestions?
Talking about the #future of #ala 's web presence. Flip charts, 4 colors of markers, testing assupmtions, achieving agreement...
1.Celiac Disease and Sjögren's Syndrome | Gluten Free Help
: Heading on a weeklong trip tomorrow. Before that, though, I'm off to the bookstore. Any must-reads I should pick up?
#Chopped is playing the theme music from #Halloween. Surely, the entree wasn't that bad.
I wanna go zip lining
court awareness.. where are your FEET!!!
i guess i can deal w/ tonight, but you can forget about that week shit
Procrastination will only set you back.
no problem bro!
Sorry to tell you this but I gave her some d*ck last night.You keep the feelings in check and I'll be give her the d*ck
Wake up? No thanks
If all rice were to vanish from the Earth, us Hispanics would be fucked.
well guess who's gonna have a place by then?!
Trying to keep a positive attitude in 2012. Note to self: Stay surrounded by only positive people.
oh do you do takeout? that sound really very tempting...
These be some jacken ass niggas out here (nigga keep it real)
Hey i got tis song i made its copyrighte i mde it took me 3 month its really nice hope u see this i would like u to sing it
#Leapday it's going to be a good day
I've heard about that before! I never do it but seems like a good idea. I enjoy rewarding myself!
I'm here waiting by the gates!!!! #BetterWithChicago !
is gushing over Matt Kemp. If I had a chance to interview Kemp, I would ask him where his MVP award is.
... Your linescore for the #Cubs v. #Reds matchup today is wrong. The Cubs scored in the first.
any chance you have video of Same Difference playing "Aerials" ? Hahaha
No call or present @ x Mas or new yrs nice dad
Getting ready to feel the warm thrill of confusion, that space cadet glow.
RT ": Congrats to Mario Williams signing in buffalo... far away from the NFC north, thanks big guy"
like them Levi's! :)
Common #bulls!
1D Makes Me Smile.... Okay 1D really just needs to go.
Show friday at the Cobalt Cafe!!
How are you? Nice seeing you today...
": Some people get by with being respected and some get high off of being feared."
Btw.. I hate Norte Dame, but those helmets are bad
What is the operating system philosophy that leads to the best throughput. Not at all easy questions. Follow the money? What sells? Maybe
no need for stress! let us know if we can help! ;-)
When a boy calls you cute he likes your face. When he calls you hot he likes your body. When he calls you beautiful he likes your heart.
#MamaUsedToSay "don't put the cart b4 the horse"
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours 34
Cant tell if you're joking or serious
I believe him. Loomis/Saints under too much scrutiny right now to risk lying about it. RT: : Who believes Mickey Loomis right now?
I mean tweeting *just woke up*
They're called the Professors of Jazz.
Jason Pride is not so pretty
On this day in 1943 was the last 0-0 tie in the NFL (Detroit and NY Giants) Hopefully the Bears and Eagles will give us a better match
Peter - Loved MMQB but how can Mike Brown be u r Exec of Year when he wouldn't spend 5k to practice indoors lw at UC?
I figured out how to change my username! And my picture! I'm basically a twitter expert now. Look out world.
Driving on the exprsway w the windows down on this lovely sunny day, while wearing earrings that sound like wind chimes = feels like spring
Dear #Bachelor contestants. You're on a higher-budget "Elimidate". Stop clutching your pearls when Courtney actually competes.
unless there was a crosswind coming from the left, he had no reason to change. Straight ahead was a clear lane.
Yes! How does it happen? Seriously! I have been doing major spring cleaning every day for the past few days and it's infuriating!
Almost like a big fluffy cloud.
Thinking of next year's theme. Met with Alex and Beverly about a possible 4-person show of women artists on gender in the south.
u 2? Why an i and everyone else isgetting sick!
first time wat?
Both very different areas of expertise. Ask where do you see the degree fitting into your career RT : Masters or MBA?
If you 'friend' tells you that the red dotted shirt is too much for a night out, he's a peacock blocker.
Am I the only one who thinks this was set up to put Brendan back in the game?
im on 87th can I buy sum my nig
3 years and 10 days ago I lost the most perfect man I've ever me. I love and miss you so much abuelo💜RIP
#josephkony. know the name. hate the man.
W.hon.com Hands on Nashville. Go to the site and try to help volunteer or donate. We're underwater out here.
Next post on 500 Miles, "IndyCar and Stupid Penalties." Up this week!
Heading out for a glorious early morning hike! Gotta get it done before the heat comes in. Then later...WE WRITE.
thank you for the heads up!
hahaha, no chance :)
I'm not going to bed now anyway.
Would everyone believe that I woke up early to do my homework? (college)
I wonder what life's like with 2 dimples.!
i cnt wait untill that 24 hours is up.
but Eric that's what makes this form of art so fun ....you get to eat it :-)
this was sent for you from : "May God give you and your family comfort at this time of sorrow.”
I need to learn how to let go. Seriously</3
that will be a good question to ask Obama. Dare u guys to do it
Congratulations and welcome to the fam! Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions! ^bw
I should be finishing up about & tonight myself aint Technology fun!
Forget mobile-first. Mobile-only.
You are now watching our YOBIAct finalists, Chase Hinton and Noran Alhasany. Congrats to you both!
We're getting ready for the matinee! Show starts at 2:00pm! Get yourself in costume and head on over to the Greenfield PAC!
I remember that day I was n the rain with my ex....and we had our first kiss! Every moment wasnt a bad one!
Some days it takes everything you've got to keep all the balls in the air.
Take care of your hair and your hair will take care of you.
We love our #Packers!
Awesome! I'll be back to so feel free to pick my brain next time I see you re: blogging and pitching!
I lost alot to gain more than i ever had!!
is a #FAIL on #HBOGo three movies and streaming died on all.
Hahaha, why don't they know what are they talking about?
bonjour! Do you have a contact email?
It's the best #golf show in America, and we're there. Check out the Haggin Oaks Golf Expo in Sacramento today thru Sunday.
Waiting for real world
and a happy birthday to EMP Producing Director, Maggie Villegas!
Just noticed you got your blue check , but it was already official , "been a Star"!!! #Grizz Nation#!!!!!!!
: Governments have used PD2.0 like an F/A-18, but have insisted on driving it around on the roads
Thanks u r the best keep it up even u r against
I'm very picky about my Cuban sandwiches!!
Why is this my fault? I'm like the Dr. Phil of twitter
Staying up texting him though.. > >
CHAMP! I want to hear all about you killing this later. Hope you went with the full windsor.
I got to see my little grandbaby on skype.:D
Thank you for the #FF. You are on everyone's list for sure.
2nd this. RT I wanna go to a Christmas party.
Agreed, "Brothers" killed it. What an amazing music video for "Tighten Up," too. We've got your name in the hat!
I plugged my phone in where the blender used to be
I'm in love with, .
RT Yes! Try 100+ designer stores ! Miami's just as glamorous as you’ve heard..Shop w/ celebs
Thank you. Remember to never settle. If you have a dream I'll hep you achieve it.
yo I get it your angry but am sorry I know what I did was bad but I was just trying your patience. Your actually cool & am sorry
great to see you! Next time bring the lovely along!
It's easy to remake. It's hard to reincarnate a talent like John Hughes.
Don't just talk a good game, engage!
Did I miss the Warrant tribute and any mention of Jani Lane? Seems like they left him out of the Memorium segment.
Great interview. Looking forward to reading your book
Just gave $10 to a child that needed money to eat. Felt good
I never thought I'd be so inspired and treated so well as a server. I'm excited for the days to come at my new job! Very inspirational.
I don't think so unless something changes. If I do I will post news here!
He's gonna love that you posted that! 👊
The dancing zebra on #idol made my day!! (:
OMG, I'm seriously about to SCREAM!!! I am so pissed off at EVERYTHING right now!!
So can't wait to leave Sunday to #NewYork with !!! Going to spend a week there!!! Love it :)
seems like u r a "sensitive" who senses things like these
Video Shoot "Blood On My Shoes" ft. with
For , benefits of #p2p complex services were $600k in savings in first 6 months & greater visibility & traceability
AMEN “: Theanna quit stressing yourself out over things you can't control.”
Matt millen get off my TV
we hope to be open by late May! We will keep you up to date so you can get your #glutenfree fix
happy birthday!!! “: HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!”
Tuve que ir a comer con el abuelo de mi papa que no lo conozco y la pase horrible blda de verdad u.u
There's a special Toy Fair Sklander? I have a Skylander hidden for a "special" day too.
Weeding old files find: recipe to soak & preserve old brittle newspaper clips. Never tried it. Need one I don't care about to use as test.
Lebron won MVP. Personally, I could care less.
Thank you for sharing! a good lesson in life :)
as long as the Spice Girls aren't part of the deal, I'm in.
SOTU:People want banks to pay a fee if they can pay big bonuses.
Things do not change; we change. —Thoreau
I'm so blessed!!!
The next 12 minutes are going to be FAST and INTENSE. Lot of banging will be going on!
SACK!!!! Hell Yeah
#classicJerrySpringerlines "I told you can do better, I am a cheater" "When we do it I think of someone else, "Why", "I cant see your face"
Okay, I'm not going to fall for his eyes, hair, smile, looks, personality. I promise I won't. *He walks into the room* Just Kidding...
Go White!!
Aw, sorry! We do have soy milk, but the ice cream for the milkshakes isn't soy.
I wish boyfriend was awake so he could take me to lunch. /:
yeah, my twitter is btw. I'm just on here to tell people about himm!
pants before shoes, brain, pants before shoes.
Co worker sells monogrammed tote bags from "faith based direct sales" company. Because Jesus likes paisley.
We are about to premiere new MGMT on listen in
just finished rehearsal join us this Sat. 705 pier ave. Hermosa beach Zen Lounge.
Haha Thank You!
My little brother and his little butt pirate friends are all drunk on barbosa haha
Just created my own "intellectual property rights statement"
thanks! Can't wait.
oh my god it looks like he's headed for a trashcan in the parking lots of hell
Show them how. : Can't shove students into an online group project & expect collaboration, prep is needed.
50cent Chicken wings all day and night long.
Eric Anderson cut 42 minutes off his run up Pikes Peak after one week at www.quickgymcs.com
Just putting the final touches on a series of Net Zero Home Plans that we will offer for sale next week.
shhhhh i was trying to fool people gosh
RT IF YOU ARE AMBITIOUS
I see those - they won't print very well - is it possible to email those to me? staci (at) thebowlingframe.com
"Nosedive in the wishing well/Brought a bunch of quarters up/Sorry that your wish sucks"- "Flipping Out"
When will the NIT brackets be announced tonight?
Heading to MN Capitol to stand against voter suppression vote.
Morning everybody.(:
the Irish last name was my ex's. I may be partly Irish, but not enough to mean much.
thanks a lot!
Hahaha, ops, yea, I meant to say Rat Pack
I want to see it.
Need some bomb head from Gotta get back on stage
fantastic time, as usual... have a good night!
Anyone looking forward to see #Smash on ? Will there be a twin #SueSylvester ?
Kap Slap testing
when we gettin a song poppin bro
From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere! ~Dr. Seuss
seriously? In today's world we are all about the now and download.
If you're not a happy person. do you know it? I think I'm happy most of the time, but I'm failing on this list this guy is laying out.
do you expect anything more? One time green jello came out of her nose.
Likin' it! Fancy hair, fancy guy! Oh, and a fancy couple. :)
San Antonio is ranked 7th in the nation in fastest growing metros for exports according to the Brookings Institute.
good. Love applewhite. Not a fit. Hire from Oklahoma state or Boise.
Thank goodness for midway safety. I must admit the construction of a roller coaster on what appears to be oversize jenga blocks gives pause.
omg u have my time card in ur picture:-)
•Love comforteth like sunshine after rain. ---William Shakespeare
PROLLY SUMTHN TRADITIONAL TO MESS WIT YA HEAD
RT : RT : been up for a little while but heading back to bed. | Best idea I've heard so far!!! <--guilt free sleep. Ah
Haha sounds like thats for me as well
i laugh hysterically everytime my doctor asks me if im sexually active lol bahahahahhahahahahahahahahaahhahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahaha
wow.... thats really messed up
thnx so much for the offer! I should be able to download & print them 2day- so far 2day the Internet = awesome! Have a good wknd!
I hate 4am call times.
Awe. With friends like you...
I ready for the present and future. Let's put the past behind me and God will show me the way.
Finishing production on our video this Tuesday, should be released by the weekend. Very excited to hear feedback from our Twitter family!
Sorry bout that. :x
I don't really care if he didn't see my tweet, My nan's died, stuff him,I have more important things on my mind!
If you haven't heard of NBA stats like DRtg, ORtg, TS%, at least read about them before you dismiss them.
Tomorrow: Glenmorangie PGA/Ironwood Friday: Glenmorangie Scotch Hour @ The Mandarin Oriental | Miami
will check with and see if that's ok
oh okay, if you need me i'm here and i'm good i guess.
Espn coming to the arena tonight to film Patrick Grange watching his team play in the mens advanced tournament.
Thanks again for the coffee today at
looks like you ladies are having fun!!!
Well said and I couldn't agree more. Passion is key when writing =)
Good hustle by the Heat
7 runs twice in 2 games!
I didn't even OWN a Tonner until this past August.
Tripels are my favorite
Effective Leaders=Intelligence, Toughness, Focus, Vision, Self-awareness, Self-regulation, Motivation, Empathy, & Social Skills
Where have you been?
“: just baked about a thousand cupcakes... so tired.” -
Heading to #NAGAP soon! If you are attending make sure to stop by booth#43 for your chance to win an iPad2!
Those century marks feel good, don't they?
Pls let me know what u need for DOD study review. Have a great week!
Im not gonna fight for you sorry.
is watching an amazing (read: amazingly awful) version of The Sixth Sense on Lifetime. And loving it.
once again, says you.
NSF mtg this week, Th & Fr, focuses on climate change communications.
Sad day. Junior's Grill, at Ga Tech for more than 60 yrs, closes today.
I hope it's a Rivalry and not a changing of the guard. RT : It's pretty damn cool to watch the birth of a rivalry live.
growing up is the worst. lol
Yeah! Hosting tech support e-mailed me back in about 30 minutes with a suggestion!!!
Let the lady sing more
Received an email from Amazon confirming an order for 2 x Lady Gaga albums. Immediately thought a/c had been hacked. No, it was .
The #SJSharks have scored 3, 2, 1, and 0 (x3) goals against the #STLBlues this year. Safe to predict that tonight will be another tight game
blown away at how fast summer has gone by...But I'M READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL!!!
I'm very confused!! Ive never felt all this before! I dont know what to do!! Heeeeeellp
Matt thank you. Once we get the needed funds to launch this trip - we are going to be sure you live the trip right along...
❒ Born this way ❒ Born to be somebody ✔ Born on my birthday.
forgot to make my vanilla latte vanilla
Registered for the ACT.
Definitely worth a listen!
Janet Jackson. Photo Equipment. Tennis Equipment.
wtf $650 to meet i met her for free a couple of months ago... how is that fair
I swear, there is a demon in one of the DIS buildings.
I want a feminist writing of the body that metaphorically emphasizes vision, because we need to reclaim that sense to find our way. -Haraway
I have a 12:45 lunch meeting, or I totally would!!
Welp, no reason to stick with #AT&T anymore. Foolish move.
fuck you...you unfollowed me? bitch. I make AP Spanish fun for you with those tape recorders.
Getting ready to for an end-of-the-year celebration - we'll miss our graduating research assistants!
you have a Voice an I think u should put it to use :) just sayin !
chachi better bring the Boyz up with her ;)
good! I am coming for real this time. I had to request the space for the D.I.V.A.S. meetings
oh my... away from twitter and the layout has CHANGED a LOT!
When my mom is tryna put us in FUN summer programs <<<<
thanks for the RT. We have to let students know what's going on in this debate.
My whole crew is on visa!
Quote of the week: "You scheduled a costume-making party during the final four?"
So where was this lack of foul calls in the Sweet 16 game?
Me and shay gettin full of that weed
Interviewing candidates for next executive director of today at the HQ. Some great candidates. Long day to go though
What a J.A.
Last Night was Amazing, everyone who came out had a #BLAST! you absolutely #destroyed it!
#50liesIwasTold I'll be there for u no matter what!
forms are my nemesis.
Already broRT : I follow people back that spit knowledge
In my research I found consistent evidence of Lobbyist helping States open casinos. Jack Abramoff and Greenberg Taurig help destroy Indian
awww the good ol' days of clubbing!!
Miserable End does crack top 100 on reverbnation nationally. Ranked #6 in LA Blues Charts.
Fight weekend ... #UFC on #Fox and Cotto vs Mayweather ... Lets go ...
I've listened to Take a Walk probably about fifty times so far. is just too catchy.
There are crickets in the basement of Brass Monkey and they are gonna F$%~ing get it!!!!
EVERYTHING my ex does irritates me and gets on my nerves, its great at helping me move on after 7 months, but I don't want to hate him..
Guardian Ad Litem training. Taking one for the team.
aw, shucks!
Summer is almost here! What are your (*productive*and*world-changing*) summer plans??
Well yes, although the dangers are lower if they're too young to use services where they can actually talk to people
Second weekend of New Leaders Council was great -- intensive non-profit and political fundraising sessions
Homework is done...and I am done. I guess I can pull these toothpicks out of my eyelids now.
i hope me and tay can chill later, i need best friend time c:
Charoset: a completely acceptable way to get mildly drunk at work.
Just discovered a hidden gem - seaside in Florida
shoot me a quick DM for a question?
#work getting these apotheosis CDs printed out
let's do it
OMG I WANT TALK TO YOU BUT I'M FROMG GERMANY :'OO I LOVE YOU SO MUCH <3
hey ... what kind of ink do you all use?
That Shea needs to be behind the wheel in NASCAR!
there r chargers that run on batteries -- you can stick them in any bag, throw ur phone in there too -- & it'll charge it
I'm trying to talk myself out of stopping on my way home
Gov Perry comments regarding the Fed Chairman was irrational, extreme & radical. We don't need this in the WH.
Thank you for the RT !
Following! Follow back and follow
Pretty much the type of R&B you would hear coming from a receptionist's computer speakers. Snooze!!!!!
thank pretty lady (: I miss you! We are doing lunch before your school year ends.😊
I don't care what anyone says today, I am just going to have fun.
hey my friend bday is May 15th. She's a huge fan. It would mean a lot if u could tweet her happy bday
Cops are back to Harassin', fuck'em middle fingers up when I pass'em
Are you a climber or a coaster?
i will sleep goodnight ;D
looking back at my facebook from like 2 years ago and wondering..why was I so weird?..
were thinkin of you sweetheart...
Uh San Antonio Crowd/Fans are so way more n2 games! #NBA Who faces us??
In order for us (gov't) to be successful, they (industry partners) must be successful, and vice versa
haha. No man would be
Can't wait to have you be a bigger part!! :)
Looking forward to skyping my twitter stalker tonight
Love is the great miracle cure. Loving ourselves works miracles in our lives.
oh my lord on the yoga pants!:-)
there's nothinnnngg on tv.
Some great back-and-forth with and on journalism institutions.
#teamlistback #teamfollowback We also retweet shout out and followback! Follow us. Please use the tag #TEAMLISTBACK in tweets!
Great sign & a perfect shot of it! Thanks for sharing the photo.
Helpful hint for everyone -- check the washer for stray socks before you start the next load with bleach.
#snc12 is great! Very interactive. Feeling connected!
Slow pig, madison, here we come.
...sorry, DM fail.
Cool beans...id b interested in research connecting anger and nutrition.
up next!! #DriveAt5 only on
Happy Birthday!!! :D
NO ONE MAKES MORE THAN A PEACE OFFICER. NO ONE MAKES MORE THAN A TEACHER. ATHLETES AND HIP HOP MOGULS YOU ARE GOING TO HELP YOUR
Roads, where we are going we don't need roads!
Happy Mothers DAY
Fabulous Barcelona fare at the new ! Cc
The Jam falls short to the Wizards (111-92). Trey Johnson led the team in scoring with 16 points along with Brian Butch's 8 rebounds
my parents r strict and i really dont go 2 the movies alot
hey stranger how have you been nice seeing you a few weeks back!
Dirty talk? How about a dirty tweet? ;-)
Blowing up my stream RT : is tweeting up a storm!
Lost a day .
i miss you to :(
Shared theme: know your market, know your stuff. Knowledge can make up for lack of experience.
'Laura Esquivel's Mexican Fictions' won the '11 Harvey L. Johnson Book Award from the S. Central Org. of Latin American Studies. Congrats!
I must propose this at next meeting RT Reason #1 my company is cooler than yours, Opening Day is paid holiday
#rcdlc #exercise TN getting up to speed from our External AD. SDP getting underway!
I am....hahaha u should watch it:)
sorry but i hate that word :/
im not over the whole greg thing! ah >.<
Abstracts are in itinerary planner : The link to posters and abstracts was supposed to be live by May 1 but it's not live
Happy Thursday! Are you in need of lowering your cost per acquisition? Is your staff still hand dialing? Call Us 866.460.6611
I am sick of not sleeping i hate staying up all night i want to sleep..
bored ,watching halloween movies .while relaxing and playing world of warcraft
well, duh me! tells ya what i know. lol chalkin it up to not hearing that song. shame on me. lol
I love you more than every single grain of sand..and more than the amount of water in the ocean...... More than you can think of.....
Haven't watched this much TV in a while...
Tuesday, Tuesday! Did you know we have Flight Night Wine Specials under $15? Only Tuesdays!
Gen. Washington publicly praises the Northern army for their recent success in forcing the surrender of St. John’s.
#MyBeatles1 That Boy, took my love away, though he'll regret it someday, but this boy wants you back again...
the don't make her no more :( collectors item now
Please do.
A high-pitched female asian accented voice is like nails on the chalkboard for me (wipes blood from ear)
just witnessed a hit and run... shame!
I would like to say a HUGE thank you new followers and all of the people who have been supporting #poemage THANK YOU!
Fuck you bitch, I'm acting brand new.
(Thomas Jefferson) Delay is preferable to error.
Hey, I know I'm late to the funeral but how could any school drop a candidate for supporting something like #omla? We're the good guys!
Absolutely did! Hope you enjoy your conference.
Bonjour tout le monde! Did you enjoy on a St-Germain cocktail last night during the #SuperBowl ?
seeing one of those rooftop cars get smashed never gets old.
I'd rather make do with the cards I've been dealt, than to complain.
Welcome to 3 days ago, brett. I finally heard the #blueangels - now to get outside and try to catch a glimpse.
hit me up on the DM :)
23 years of #Sobriety!!! #RecoveryWarrior!!! You Rock!!! Create a fantastic day!
Twitter is my tool for procrastination. I love it! An excuse to bs all night when I know I'm suppose to finish this essay.
I'm interested! Live set.
It doesn't matter that the player in question was 5'7" and 13 years old. This "old man" still has it!
I cant deal with this anymore
So sorry about your sweet little birdies. I've loved following their story.
I'm pretty excited for this
Happy Mothers Day! Remember all of the wise women in your life who love you!
hey guys weve started judging for our contest w/ make sure that if you entered you posted your video on our fbook wall! RT
<3 the people in my life. What-a-lucky-brawd-I-am.
its mah birthday today wish you could say happy birthday to Me.omg im your biggest fan!<3:) Ily
all I've ever wanted is to have a product to pitch on Shark Tank. My dreams are coming true.
usually the case for me -__-
Your #LAKings need to get the job done tomorrow and knock those damn #Canucks out of playoffs!
yess lmao ill take it as a good way i guess c;
Austin's professional film community needs more network / studio productions like The Lying Game; Utilize local talent.
#Respect RT : What do Wu-Tang & Softshell crabs have in common? My dining room.
The Hard Times of RJ Berger is so funny!.
Until I do, you can't go wrong with anything from Live at Wynn, Glastonbury, or Roseland!
nah I'm at my house
Opening Day! Oh how I love you!
My first SXSW twt. Clearly (sadly?), it'll not be my last. RT Performing this yr at the #FADERFORT: Friends ()
Recruiting for a CRM with at least 5 years of experience in the records management industry for full-time position in Dallas! Email me at …
Korver aint on shit Hot sauce playing like mild sauce
whatever you say boss.
Best episode of glee EVER!
Yea. Joe Knows. I'm friends with him on FB and he always posts pics of him out to eat or chilling with Brandon.
Emmy Awards here we come! Just ordered our tickets for the big event!
thanks Gabby!!!!
My momma just bought me 5 new watches & surprise me w/ 2 bags she got me from Tennessee. #Swagg! :-)
Thanks Dan! Inducing demographics (in the aggregate) from profile features - will keep you posted as i write up in more detail.
Like Pookie at a crackhouse, the 2010 Rap Up keeps callin' me.
Today's the big day!
Alright let's go steelers
Ha! Well that's cool. Like I said, she was a total sweetheart. Glad she's got her dream.
Super Offer from Sonic #Baltimore Buy one 12" Sonic Coney, get one FREE. Also 2day balloon artist, Mr. Limeade, several T-Shirt giveaways.
randy sanders: we've passed algebra I now ready for calculus
Why can I not stand being alone!!
rowdy! Congrats on ur kids media madness win BTW
Thanks for the follow. Stay tuned, we will be having a competition soon. 1st prize, free wedding day transportation
I've been drunk the whole day.
Scoop: Beti B's name revealed finally!
“: The Right MUST hold its own accountable before it can fight the Left.”
Sometimes I want to reply to spam comments. Sigh.
Hey TARC! Route 29 connects workers from downtown Louisville to the East End, and vice-versa. How will they get to work?
As long as they aren't played by hipsters.
Still: nice service and good header! 1-1 match has a lot of life now!
OMG I am gonna miss your braces I love the braces look so sad so sad! :(
but she's wearing the same colors as him
Getting in the car at this time makes me feel like I'm going to take a ride to hell
That's fantastic James that you're making residual income too! I love it!
Yay! RT "Redefining black power" - reviewed!
I'm selling some Black Eyed Peas CDs, you want one? Heard ur a fan
:) See u there! RSVP to the after party on our website when u get a moment. :)
NIALL!! PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!!!!!!!!!
is at the The Pour House in Raleigh, NC TONIGHT, if you know folks in the area, e-mail me names, I will put them on the guestlist
Around 1:15pm today on Whip's show, he'll have tickets to see The Swayback
You win that exchange, Randall!
Ooh! I still need to watch that.
Man, I felt really safe at that Chief Keef Concert
Do you guys wanna know what the give away is tonight? Or should we tell you tomorrow?
Stupid people piss me off.
should teach classes in clutch.
I'd love to hear what you think of Leviathan! and what kids think of it.
In another life I would make you stay So I don't have to say You were the one that got away The one that got away do.ob love it
Meiko at Hotel Cafe tonight!!!!! I wanna go
#celticschat DARN! Well this stinks.... Lets go C's!!!
Bunner Street with for the morning!
RT : Good news: whatever it is you're worrying about right now, there's a vodka cocktail for that.
Concerned, stressed and praying.
down here bored as €#¤¢ lol
Getting an idea what a full-court press feels like.
A "botch" refers to a pro wrestling move that was performed in a lousy way, so as to ruin the illusion of realism.
I'm not worry about Rose , team play better with out him!!!
Anyone ever sit and just watch the world in all its beauty?
your dresses are amazing! The #missusa girls looked stunning today
Oh My! Big and Hairy
#Bored Someone talk to me pleasee:)
Kenya, that video was dreckitude! Lol
You picked the wrong line. Again.
RT tell all your friends about us! : dish em out! I was just listening to Extractors and I need more fuel!
Sad to leave my San Jose peeps behind. The time always flies too quickly...
Does anyone ever click the links strangers tweet to you?
my baby dad is trying to get mt beat up
cry baby
Oh, so true. ": True or False: There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other. -J. K. Rowling"
I can't watch :/
The eyes show the strength of the soul
is REALLY digging deep on the #Ready2Launch call! Love it!
thank you for the RT!
Fuck Twitter for not letting me change my bio .
Found all families in Calhoun County Alabama , Roanoke VA and in Doughtery County, GA. Now will take a breather.
. says small businesses now have access to R&D thru SMM
Oh I see ya I'll b sure to check it out & let u know what I think
Get the fuck out my mentions if u are being a hater yea I love rondo fuckin idiot do he kno yes he fuckin kno u seen the @ with his twitter
His Girl Friday is streaming on Netflix! Go watch Rosalind Russell kick butt.
Debating on whether I should attend the Streetballers Red carpet Movie Premiere tonight or watch a movie at home with a friend ;-)
Have a nice day Urself ! Hi fr #Ga ~
i gotta draw my art project don't feel like it yo
If you're in Atlanta we would love to help you organize your home!!!
#Workin on my next single! 1 of tha best feelings i've had right now.
Pretty sure I just heard something pop around my knee. Doesn't hurt much...still scary feeling.
UM? Michigan?
No one stays on top forever.
Maybe this year wont be so bad<3
bro!!! When are you coming to Louisville?
A beautiful girl is a beautiful girl, but a beautiful girl with a brain is an absolutely lethal combination :)
I have so much to do this week. Job, fun, homework, and repairing some relationships. Ready to do work.
I Should've Kissed You yesterday...damn. :-/
13th? I can't even start to pretend like I am pleased with that placing.
It's okay. You're forgiven. 
6. Employment- How many people would benefit from jobs from a private or public Mars program? Many thousands directly
WE GOT OVER 1 MILLION BEATS FOR SALE OLD SKOOL NEW SKOOL R&b HIPHOP STUF FOR TV SHOWS COMMERCIALS
Hi thanks for following us :)
I consider myself a model because I used to be in gerber baby shoots
At camellia grill, ready to feast on a Reuben sandwich and delicious chili cheese fries;)
Lactating tsetse flies models for lactating mammals? - Eureka! Science News
On CQ.com now behind paywall, CQ Today tomorrow: a look at the Senate DHS reauthorization bill, and homegrown terror, with
"I put my phone on airplane mode and threw it into the air.... WORST. TRANSFORMER. EVER!"
i wish nothing but the best for you.
haha! That's called "shrink" ;)
Anything Is Possible is only .99 on Amazon - free to read if you're a Prime member
oh and he was lol
you are.!!! #jerk jkay
So I creep, creep, creep like TLC.
"Church should be more like a hospital for the broken than a museum of good people."
Will you be answerinq questions from us ?
Check out this event: Happy Hour - Club 57 West on 2012-01-28
Wakey, wakey eggs and cupcake-y! We have been baking since 6am, stop by for your fix!!
Don't let your Netflix history become the most accurate story someone could tell about what you did with your life.
i like women who have small calves, i think thats my new thing. thats always been the most important quality on a woman for me. bored
pinch me i&#39;m dreaming robbed me of sleep
Sometimes I look down at what I've created and think how how strong I was to go through all that trouble. Then I flush the toilet.
Tru but MGK is the only rapper ill listen to
#sschat just popping in & out. Lots to do tonight
How does one ask that in a building with lots and lots of people?
Uneventful commute.
12th and final round
not u , I can't even see you when the lights are out....
Manning to the Broncos!! :) yes!!
still in the back yard thinking n writing bout mad things
just sent out a hit piece. And it had a QR code. Who uses QR codes? And it was cut off, so it didn't even work...
<~~~ says wtf he wants.
alright sweet. you feel alright with the song? you like the sound and everything?
Ol Jerry curl bout to have ass kolby
Church tonight! :)
Dre and JaVale gotta step up this half. When theyre playin their game it opens up the offense for everyone else.
At work on break
it's so good!
When is the bread going to be ready? :)
Appreciate critical feedback. Humility accompanies success.
I wonder if we'll ever have "e-furniture." Customizable magnetic fields, mostly like the real thing but cheaper and more convenient.
Many thanks to you, too!!
Hey Joe, how does your site work? Interested in doing business...Derek
you only lookin at women who don't take care of themselves and smoke.
thought that was 2 weeks from now
Score for me. I'm always up this late. Why are you?
I hate feeling like crap on Friday night.
Ugh, I just peed on myself.
Late #FF but I'm still working, so it's still Friday to me.
interesting cool show felt young!!
yikes! why would someone clone Nickelback?
nice work on
At cassies and i swear theres a ghost in her room... :/
Vanessa I LOVE YOU for this. Omfg. RTRTRT : action movies >>> sobby romantic movies. ew.
you look so fucking pretty in your twiticon
It's like a pine tree exploded in here.
#alwaysgottabeahoe lol. Get off twitter enjoy the rest of your night with that girl, you know THAT girl *points* :P
I highly dislike the word HATE. Hate is such a strong word. but then again so is love and everyone uses that....
:(, no need to raise your letters at me...
“: The boyfriends who still hold bags, open doors, tell their girlfriends they're beautiful & show respect are real men.” thankyou
Our reading parties are so cute. I am almost disgusted with all the cuteness.
sorry the first time it didnt follow u, i did it tho:)
excited for some pub time with Meredith before Ted's baseball game later :)
Tedx #FortWayne will be on May 19th of this year! Are you ready for it?
I don't do drugs but if you do drugs I do drugs all the time- Scott Pilgrim lmao
It's National FFA Week and I'm proud of my husband who's been a vo-ag teacher #FFA advisor for 24 years.
RT Wait till yall hear "Mr. Wrong" by Mary brought that classic voice back.
Special K protein plus literally tastes like cardboard and is so hard to chew.
Got my haircut today! Looks
no i have no idea whats going on :o
THAT LAST TWEET WAS BROUGHT TO YOU BY STARBUCKS TRENTA SIZED ICED COFFEE!
on the road again..i just cant wait to get on the road again..
Only 5 minutes left; any ideas for next week's chat? Also, let me know if you want to join #educoach google + hangout.
RT : We r thrilled 2 announce these LB authors are finalists 4 James Beard Awards: , & ELEVEN...
To me Dogfish Head is hit or miss...a lot of marketing, innovation & creativity. Sometimes they hit, sometimes they miss
Millions of Americans, employed or not have found themselves with little or no coverage even if their conditions are life threatening.
all I can say is "Tom Waddles' right!" You the man Tom!
There r 2 buzzwords used in business 2day.1 is Inappropriate,the other is Unnacceptable.I'll tell u the Inappropriate one 1st!
can you givee me some tips on finding a crew!?!?
lol I know who u are I us to be friend with steve
Badgers D have no clue what "contain" means
sure did, couldn't sleep last night so I figured. What the hell I miss you boo!
Why'd you have to go and let it die.
I'm glad you caught that:)
yea i had to grab them! i grab a pair of red bottom and they aint shit
Bunting is idiotic. Still.
home to md/va to be in a wedding :)
DISREGARD MESSAGE FROM US
Sorry you're sick but Thank God that's why your show isn't running today. This syndicate is awful!
thatnks for the re-tweet :)
Homework today was telling time. Cool!
agreed..i feel a little fruity just typing this reply :/
I need I should pray bahaa
It's a good night for a designated driver, and four-wheel drive.
Check out tonight. They're great. Listen here: ttp://ow.ly/aEQbG
Anyone need a brackets board? It's new. White board like for darts, football games, etc
#replacebandnameswithpancakes "Pearl Pancakes", "Destiny's Pancakes"
Thanks to all for the #FF today. Grateful for each tweet filled with kindness.
Busy tax season week ends with manicure Soak & new pair of spring shoes from Ah Bucktown/Wicker Park - what a neighborhood!
good idea
An' hustlin' drunken soldiers when they're goin' large a bit Is five times better business than paradin' in full kit.
Remember when 's site was just a pink background and endless bitchy posts? Those were the days.
WHAT??? She is so hot.
Hahaaaa RT : lmao.. Give em two strong pumps, make a face, and be out
If you are interested in the new Sea Ray 36 Outboard Technology, contact me. This is an amazing boat that will change boating forever!!
No I have actually been employed there for almost 2 years now lol
No. His wife is LDS and his father-in-law is an LDS scholar, so he's very aware. Was a good conversation.
I'm glad you retrieved your phone. What company? Thanks mytservice.com Improving taxi quality in Baltimore.
I've held for some time that #Obama will have a much bigger impact after his presidency rather than during it.
sadly, the numbers are probably higher - a lot of limitations with survey research in this area
can you humor me and say that the will make it into the tourney. They beat SLU last night and everyone has SLU in.
Feel so right
Other than requiring me to lug these damn boxes around longer, I think it is an excellent proposal!
oh my god good! i was gonna say if you havent heard blink yet then youre crazy, i listen to them like everyday hahaa
instead of black opps this time i'm on det modern warfare S W I T C H I N I T U P
#Nigeria is in our prayers
cool! can i play too?!
Mikiy to the rescue!! S on my chest cause I'm ready to save em
I just can't seem to do anything right. I try to be a good person but in the end it doesn't even matter...
Well this movie is shit.
When guys say they like "thick girls" wtf does that mean??
#KentuckyBasketballNeverStops RT ": You have to be ready."
Thank you so much! It's gorgeous here. Up there, too, I hope!
Football has gotten me closer to a lot of people. I have had fun so far and I know it'll only get better.
no autographs, please
Is anyone still questioning the Heat's free agency...seems to have been a great idea
P.S. Nice profile photo. Hmm ... looks bigger on the inside.
#CrossfitGames. I'm impressed.
#FF and (best wine shop in Chicagoland) you should listen to what they say!
“: Oh, you like Christopher Drew? How about you learn to spell his name before you talk about how much you adore him.”
#FOLLOWMEAUSTIN I love you MERRY CHRISTMAS! <3333333333
We all seek to attain the levels of fame & fortune which poker can provide, & the IPRA wants to help ensure that all have the same chance.
I just left the salon about to text back! Lol :)
I havnt seen someone run like that, ever..
I AGREE! Dee Dee always makes my day when I get a tweet fom her! I luv that she tweets the Demetrians
word. Preach. <3
Too many people miss the silver lining because they're expecting gold.-- Maurice Setter
#JLFL11: Sustainers contribute roughly 60% of both membership & dues. What's our sustainer strategy?
We are all back in the office after 2 wonderful weeks of offsite trainings. How's your Monday going?
HEY BABY
I can't stand it. : Game 5 overtime gets under way at MSG with NYR on the powerplay.
Steve Jobs has passed away.
Working hard at your workouts will only make you stronger. If you want to see real results you must attack your nutrition too!
Hehe Oh yeah. =D
GRAND is the new WERID
hopefully you can make it to the next one!
because it just felt too "east side"
I should finish grading tests, but watching Game of Thrones seems so much more important.
check your email
Thanks to the local Wauwatosa heating/AC company for coming out at 8:30p to fix our central air on 2 hours notice. It was much appreciated
Making some changes to the website over the next few days. Pardon our dust.
It's gray here too... Oh, June. : Drizzle in Santa Monica... go away, June gloom.”
I just earned the True Yelper badge on #Yelp!
Is someone running around out there with a yardstick?
Thanks for the tweet! See you at the parade Friday!
- happy 2012! Board games will happen soon. DM me or your email address.
but what are you writing about? prep stuff for the big upcoming PUB DATE???!!! :)
ipad is lightweight and great during flight, but laptop is better for getting work done. I so wish there is an all-in-one device.
minus those two 3's before half they are right in it. Some one light a fire under Bynum and Gasols ass!
Nothing better than ice cream and #ModernFamily when you're sick. :)
that's awesome
:-) Much love to you! I hope you're having a beautiful day.
YOU ROCK! <3
..... The Particulars.... Hard to Convince ..... Kill the Books ..... Frozen Fool .... The Butcher's Playlist ... General Meh
so adorable!
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear~BAMM.
Good Morrow Ashley... May Your Day Be Filled With Great memories and laughter
I think Hawkins forgot some medication this morning.
Captain America= Great movie! Cant wait for The Avengers to come out!!!
Step 4: Establish rules of relationship: Agencies: discuss process prefs, assign accountability & establish workplan
if it wasn't for that curse thing I would want that to be the official cover
Saints very uncharacteristic with all the turnovers. This is near a record
When we got the word "panem" in Latin class yesterday, students in different classes independently mentioned Hunger Games.
RT “If the world were clear, art would not exist.” ~Albert Camus
New client meeting this morning! Excited for some coffee. Happy Monday everyone. :)
Late response- I own it. :) Interesting read- some criticized her 'optimism', but def. a subject people are talking about.
good for you! Good luck.
Stretch break + gas up. Fort Stockton.
lol it was bomb
WE LOVE , & his music too!
as kool-aid man would say: OH YEAAH!!!
I think you meant "Rock, Choke, Jayhawk."
Walter is always hungry. This time, it's understandable.
oh life.
Happy Birthday to my man ! This dude is the real deal! Cannot wait til July dude!
#FinalFour in #thebigeasy was awesome!!! Now time to go back to the real world.
Crazy how the best songs come from BS moments
is bummed I didn't pull through with Big Willie Style for Xmas
Pittsburgh is the greatest city on earth.
sheesh...what's with the price of lotion stick containers skyrocketing?!?!
I got some serious skills but I'm never gonna be able to explain the difference between screamo and metal
so, how was the golf?
: ah ok. I thought you might already have it. I'll keep an eye out for oddball VHS tapes and DVDs. How about Smalltimore?
Go Follow
I like that video too! ;)
that would be the most boring finish to an exciting playoffs
KISS ME IM CONTAGIOUS
Same here Vina!! You are very welcome. I've also sent you a message on Linkedin... I'm looking forward to network with you!
no lol I wish. I have her third block.
drop me an email with possible days/times and we can setup a time to chat
hey :D
At a meeting to be an extra in a music video
Show me what you got raji
Nancy Pelosi looks great--and sounds great--on The Daily Show tonight!
meet Ernest Miller in person at the Promolast Atlanta Fanfest this wknd+judge 4 urself :) details at www.promolastevents.com
one week till our next gig in S.f. should be fun.
We don't waste time of Facebook. we use it to promote our programs on social network. Thanks You
Haha only@ a wig party-Hope it worked!": I just heard someone use 'coronal mass ejections' in a pickup line.#wigpartywoowoo"
I can't possibly pick a favorite Firefly episode. But that one is way up there.
I believe it's "no Doi" Rep. Ellison !!
Pride is an invitation for Satan to lead your life. Humility is an invitation for God to lead your life.
I think I am the best at doing that ;)
I am glad your having fun though. :)
I'm hungry 😞
I have an extra ticket for The Avengers for tonight at 7 @ the Cinebarre. Call if you want it :)
: Yes, is amazing, I'm referring less to talent and more to...publicity machine, I suppose.
Wish I could blow the kush, but I've been clean for 2 weeks now.
Bynum with the triple double today, Kobe dropping 30 like always, good job lake show
Lol im gonna try this oh well im looking for a bf that is blonde or brown hair and cute:) lol message me<3
Happy Father's Day=]
That Canadian speech :')
Yay, Shake It Up is on :)
So apparently there is going to be a little mini-me runnin around this Saturday...
Thank you for this tour, the signed books, and the sharpie insanity. Gift is not only the book #exceeds expectations
k, well you're being annoying. so night.
miss you too. soo much school today, but Fuji tomorrow?
CA top court administrator, Ron Overholt resigns...calls his position "a lightening rod for controversy."
well with this new info...my vote is for HartnellDown, although they both look very good
Hi there Hillary...welcome to massage chat!!
If they hurt my spurs imma hurt them grrrr
I'm with you all the way buddy lets hit this multi million dollar phoney at every opportunity...good luck my freind
in that case, you will have to come visit us next month!
thot wrong! Lol They're different
not terribly surprised. Based on your interest in basketball managers.
movie moguls like Harvey know how to butter both sides of the bagel to keep them happy
Not leaving my Mansion Today! Hubby got it. If not, he gone learn today!
any ideas on how to convince my sister to take me to a 1D concert?
** 150k + ** Plus Bonus - VP of IT - Charlotte.... Enterprise IT Infrastructure experience a Must. email:
Never mind it was just members of a rather conservative order of hipster
“: I could totally help with writing Season 2 of #Scandal.” haha me too!! Give us a chance!!! My novel is juicy
At least its going to cooler starting Friday.
Good Morning Life
#NP A$AP Rocky - Goldie
Yes we play at Toby Keiths in St. Louis Park from time to time.
We still have to learn how to summarize in school but I can tell you my WHOLE day in less than 140 characters
where r u?! Do they have special hotel soap?
I wish I was from Hawaii. Hawaiian have instant chemistry when they meet each other off the islands!
Hi nikki can yhu please FOLLOW me ;*) !!!!!!!
Idol isn't the same without my girl Pia there :(
is playing a show tonight at The Bitter End in NYC @ 7p...check him out!
hahahahaha! that is awesome!! y'all are cracking me up!
I think I just accidentally committed myself to writing poetry.
Yay finally got my permit
Thank you so much ! Great to meet you at sustainability +me! Great concept! We can change the world one tweak at a time!
Is a liddo bitch, going to my lunch and not saying hi, pshh.
Awesome-please do! :)
anybody want a roommate? im willing to pay rent
OMFG YES! We will be like "Austin come here, closer...closer" then BAM throw him in there and RUN
-- I'd love to be on the Twitter member list!
I am grateful for the winter we just had.
Student says to LCPS Board: "As a future leader, I ask you: Please REINSTATE FLES."
Man down!! Get it.
Keep your eye on prize! RT : Victory belongs to the most persevering. ~Napoleon
finally a Certified 1st Responder. Now I can sit for the APTA SCS exam...and sustain life!
OT Lets go DEVILS
You must first be who you really are, then do what you need to do, in order to have what you want. Margaret Young RT
all is good come on by the lab when you get back
She's at work... I have to wait until Monday... /: And soon enough, did you like my picture?
the only way to loose is to settle! man i'm so amped up right now man, i'm boutta be successful like put it on everything! mark my word!!
maybe he has Nike sponsorship
RT .: Or, to put that tweet another way way, it's possible I'm getting bored. / or you just really want a Fiat 500??
yay! great job
If only she knew I knew what she said...
Plata on fire! up again on Santos
Hows the pig hoofs?
#TeamHeat all day!!!
Movie day with my girls! <3
There's always that one kid who pulls the cord for watson or college place.
OSU A&M update???
maybe we wouldn't have to wear shirts if we didn't get a little tender yesterday ): going 8 hours on the beach with no sunsc ...
we just walked by the soup cellar!
I am humbled by God... He is more than words can speak...AGTG
Thanks for the follow, Jeff!
Everyone follow my friend she follows back :)
just give them a shirt advertising your twitter. Free publicity. ;)
Ruthlessly compete with your own best self.
I'm sitting in it right now - Mitchell Hall
Im crying so bad when someone u luv is hurting ur hurting im crying real bad :(
I'd you live in #Fishers Indiana then the State Rep debate at 7 pm is THE place to be. See you there!
When me an Anthony used to be best friends >>> now..
so when you clicked on my twitter tab on my page, you saw my tweets? thanks, btw!
tomorrow ah can it just be here already?!?! I'm SO excited!
" out of Austin is my 1000th follower! Follow them or something." Awesome! Thanks for the mention. Have an great day!
oh, i'm sorry, i shouldn't have assumed! (but i...i like it a lot)
Congratulations for 24 years of service! You are a trued industry standard of excellence an industry expert.
thanks for following!
Devastating. Just devastating. On several levels. So sad to hear about Junior Seau. One of my favorites growing up.
it aint even bout that
Bless my Daughter, Bless my mother, Bless my father and bless my brother... Last but not least bless the less unfortunate... happy Easter
Me too. With VJax gone though? Think they move to a Pats style offense?
I agree wholeheartedly.....
“Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.” – John Wooden
Heads up - are in Denver TONIGHT at Hi Dive. Tomorrow night they're in Kansas City, MO at The Riot Room. Go hear some new tunes!
#expoline phase 1 opening weekend free rides: try light rail for a change. Join LA's multimodal transportation movement!
i really need to start on this ap lang project........📝❌
way to be amazing at charades!
Hey follow
oh lol well wait til you see him in person, you won't be freaked out. He's adorable.
Someone else is happy with less than what you have.
