Listening to hold music...
Internet? Magic? Go get yourself a big fat healthy juicy steak already!
Hey when does your new Denver location open?
FaceTime in a little ?
i literally made a video last month for the first time in like a year, felt so weird
but if you were here we could have hanq out..
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Lentil and Tortilla. Sugar-free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Spending quality time with Cleanth Brooks, Wallace Stevens, and Frank Lentricchia.
i could not be more ready! 18 more days until this begins.
Ate pizza(Pappa Johns)Got a new printer(Kodak)Went to Ranch Market(mexican market-O)for the first time.
Stupid Belgian boys! But I have a pretty good long term thing going with chocolate that I wouldn't wanna mess up by dating. ;)
So Joe and I are accused of having a stomach for gore. Hm. Death by violence just isn't a pretty thing.
#realmusic over here! Doin' my own thing. F*ck the bandwagon. Thanks for all of the support! Lovin' it.
WOW. RT Murdoch Is Considering Stepping Down As CEO Of NewsCorp. If so, he would be succeed by COO Chase Carey - Reports $NWSA
Enjoying an absolutely beautiful day in #sanfrancisco with
I should have been born in the '70s.
Slept in & hit the gym an hour later than usual due to Dr. Appt this AM. I had two guys come up to me & comment on how I was late. 👍💪😃
what part of PR are you staying at? We are in Ricon :-)
HA whatever it is will be gone. And I'm straight grindin out here what's up wit you?
Always treat every interaction like an opportunity to build trust or break it down
thanks champ
heading home to St. Louis tomorrow to catch up with my family and friends!
Persistent trials, inspite of obstacles will one day produce the exact result you desire~Sapee Peelow
no alzeimer's but maybe a serious case of lard ass.
The world would be a better place if we were all allowed to murder one person per year
good i skiped out on work an hour early
I just got done talking about that. I knew I was missing one, haha. Kush & oj killed it though. 👍
At South on Wilshire for trivia. I hate this place.
Doing minimal work in gym
your avi is gorgeous!
Name dropping and inside baseball banter. Enjoying my first panel.
I cant find my phone .. I lost it somewhere in my house -___-
...a home for some on center-left that was separate from Labor, which is still widely tainted by Oslo/Arafat association.
ok i can see diane, i see sports and for some reason i retweeted what bostonnellie said and i dont know what the hell that does...lol
Thank you!!!
I'm so fucking stoked for tonight. <3
Theres the Defense I know.... Takeaway number 1
WHY YOU GOTTA BE SO KIND HEARTED?
we are loving your coverage on TBD! Keep up the good coverage.
HELP! needing first-time car buyer tips/resources/links. never done this on my own before but my car is totaled and i gotta move fast!
I hate seeing stray dogs :,(
How are you? x RT : hi XD
for nothing right?
Bujee girl grab her hand fuck dat bitch choose my friends im in France haha im just aayin. The 1 and only Kanye West.
“The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
Someone else may have already said this, but #Parenthood has absolutely the best child/teen actors on tv
Next stop: the bank$$$
Good for you!
Agreed. You should be in charge of saying things this week.
Our campaign for attorney Kevin Flesch, positioning him as police brutality expert is helping him dominate Google's 1st pg for term :)
Mayo has been tearing it up at Bowie. Look for him to be with the big club come September.
THEY ARENT REALLY TOGETHER!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you #FF me I will love you forever ;)
MINDS: Jim Groom allowed students to call in over the course of the semester on #ds106radio what sucked about the class!
uh that would be my asshole offspring.
Patriot Pay SaaS Payroll Software is now available for Rhode Island Employers
"And the Good News about the Kingdom will be preached throughout the whole world, so that all nations will hear it..." -Matthew 24:14 (NLT)
it all starts with getting rid of that fatass at 3rd base though. Reynolds sucks
yep too cute
tickets are sold out by now. but tickets are $60. it's up in dallas. and get ready to spend LOADS there :p haha
To save a Life in defeat, is to receive Victory and Honor.
Thanks for RTing - happy Mom's Day!
R.I.P Whitney Houston.
lol, I promise
don't take life too seriously, nobody makes it out alive anyways! hahahaha
p.s. If anyone want to collaborate on this project, please let me know. Got bookmarks and plan 2 upload to symbaloo over the weekend.
Danny Green has 15 points. Tim Duncan has 8. The Spurs lead the Blazers 56-37 with 2:24 left in the half.
I'm with Jed. We're noy going to contend. But, this is a team built for Petco
I know. I'm working there this summer!
Would have tweeted my trip to #argentina, but would have had to remember to bring an adapter... Oops!
3 finals tmw. Then I'm done thank god!
Man...I need a sugar daddy lol
Bout tuhh smash out
wow! That makes no sense crazy!
Maybe if you try hard enough. lol.
Open house today: 205 Ballad Ave, come check this place out if you're looking for a great place!
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking
Old people don't deserve a sportscar
yes he is
S/O to the Barton College girls that came out to club flashbacks last night ! i enjoyed yall :)
its like 70 degrees and it's night time like this is not okay-
your watching it too? Lol i fucking have all the episodes recorded
RT if you dont like Ed Sheeran or Cher Lloyd so i can unfollow you
Wade just missed another lay-up
What time is your set tonight bro?
Your amazing , your going some where with your music #ProudOfYou :)
i miss nola i am so homesick and i miss parites..the best parties are enoturage entertainment parties
Let fashion be you passion! -PD
Thinking about riding downtown in a few
IKR he is such a great boyfriend!! and she just sits back while he is the one who is trying to be in the relationship!!
Tagged as: best quotes of all time, famous quotes, quotations, quotes
Patient Tip from #DripSync: if you have a high deductible or co-insurance, look for patient assistance programs
New Found Glory. All That Remains. 10 Years. underOATH. Colour Revolt. Maylene and the Sons of Disaster. Prosevere.
There is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so. William Shakespeare
I really did -___-
let me get your email.
Way to go
We appreciate all our followers! Come in today, tell us that you follow us on twitter and we'll give you a free slice!
lol thats cool tho you look into it and u find so many things are similiar... he's teaching you :)
Hi Alan. Where in Florida?
Sunset is at 8:04PM this weekend. That needs to be an annual holiday or something
Finally the misery ended xD
Tomorrow on Brenna, Brenna & Boyce Law Forum hear expert advice from Financial Planner Steve Telesca,VP @ Sage Rutty. Tomorrow 8am, 1180WHAM
: I know, I don't like Pitt.
Look up on youtube TheSquishyGuppyShoww its hilarious!
huh y wat?
Imperfection is beauty.
I got double-booked for Session D on Friday...
I hope that all of you enjoyed reading my new pendulum paper that I posted in my Yahoo group on today.
I love first person shooter games ^_^
Blue bottle coffee, I need more of you.
Hey people, quit putting Timex's on pots. It obviously breaks them or something.
I wanna scream!!!!!
U can put it in the fridge! If u have extra bread put it in the freezer too! If u make toast a lot, u can use frozen bread!
Going to miss the married clowns. The wife and I giggled every time they showed their names and that moniker on TV.
Will do! Are the auditions still going on?
Everyone follow my boy :)
Gorgeous profile, Lovely! May I just say, BEAT!! :)
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
RT : Saints-Packers most-viewed Kickoff game ever. All without SoCal
DUDE. This pizza is SO. GOOD. cc
Scott...was it take your kid to bath day? I totally forgot.
whoa now break it up ladies
About to see if I can sew or not! #womanswork!
Happy early Thanksgiving to everybody! Since we won't be tweeting through this weekend!
Where Xabi Alonso and Javier Mascherano once patrolled, now go Spearing and Jordan Henderson....exactly, mystery solved
i was so sweet. to what? nothing she didnt care.
is impossible that you see that tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that that never will come true but im trust2
haha awww, it's like white power over here(x
automatic for me. shows up in my statusline (using powerline) when a file has errors. signs support too.
It's tough to focus when I know it's beautiful outside.
A1: Wish I would've known that you CANNOT rely on others to meet deadlines!
I'm scared. just left for la jolla with my man..what will they get into?
The Getty appears pretty confident it won't happen. Why do you think Italy has a chance?
in the JFK game, the defense didn't allow a point. BS scores came on kick return and a fumble return. FYI Bruce lost big.
"were all gona get laid!!"
bahah. Don't mess with me right now
Glad I got NFL Sunday Ticket while I wait for the Saints to come on at 3pm.
it's nice to see that bosh's sucking goes beyond the obvious lack of rebounding and inability to hit open shots
Actually it's
Haha! My inner 2nd grader loves this so very much!!! RT : Tuba plus tuba is FOURBA!
A bank is a place that will lend you money but only if you can prove that you don't need it.
RT : A #trench is perfect for rainy days and chilly nights, dressed up or down...and everything in between.
It got mixed reviews, but I liked it. I think the show has potential.
thank you! doesn't usually disappoint me. Let's hope Neil Simon doesn't either. ;)
enjoyed talking all things New Mexico and activism via social media w/you today! Really enjoyed having you on
I've seen sticks for 40 $, the lowest I've seen is like 20 though.
fight to protect ur dream!!!
we do value #lateens www.brandlateen.com RT : Companies don't realize the power that teens/youth have. Sadly. Smh.
It's a Lady Antebellum kinda morning :)
Christmas puts such an exponential load on the post office.
Don't play with me
Can't wait to see it!
Identical content: #TheEconomist costs 8€ if printed in English but 3€ in Spanish and comes with a video. Incredible!
I swear I wanna hit him so bad ! i hate that i ever got pregnant by you !
¡Bienvenido a América! / Welcome to America! ;-)
Good Afternoon!!!
I know
I so see it! They could be long lost siblings!
Tonight we are young!
Love its myy
They put me in charge of evacuating the children's room during the earthquake drill today. That had to have been punishment for something.
Anyone want to join my #FantasyHockey League? It's on ESPN.com. League name is "Pittsburgh Puck Heads" We need a few more teams! MSG ME
Is the neon light on outside?
Add me on LiveProfile my PIN is LP1JBJEG LiveProfile :D
Lakers look horrible. Kobe not interested. Blake getting tooled by Miller. Bynum letting McGee look like an All-Star. Pathetic.
The Druids are now at 666 followers. Coincidences are a myth.
Come on and text me already! ha. I'm so excited!
Unreal catch! Would have been at least a double...probably a triple if he doesn't catch it.
Haha! Darrel Revis is going to get burnt! Be aware of the real great coach of all time DR!
awww pobresita, like Diana said stop bitching
IT'S OFFICIAL I am going to INDIA for 2 months to work for the IPL CRICKET LEAGUE! Like the sash says "INTERNATIONAL"! 😊🎉✈
Virginia strands 2 runners for the third consecutive inning but Skinkis' HR puts Cavaliers up 1-0 thru 3 complete innings.
RT Fuck my mom need to stop drinking! I swear. .. ii feel the sam way abt her so called sister... .
Tami is freaking insane. "I didn't steal ya purse..." Umm...yeah you did lol
I'd ratber be a good liver than have one.
I'd be like yeeah then run scared lol :)
All I want for my 19th birthday is to meet that's why I am out in the cold waiting for him. Come outside Ed!!
don't worry. I'm back!
Who isn't fascinated by ?
Three cheers for for coming back to #Fairbanks this summer!!!
Can we get Rock and BA? I hate the Cardinals announcers.
hm im sleepyy
Listen, Lord, and be favorable to me. Lord, be my helper - Psalm 30:10 (please retweet) -- Psalms & Proverbs ()
happy anniversary!
If Rooneys in the game it's a no brainer who wins.
You know what this calls for? Friendship bracelets. Hopefully you like the color blue...
Woah woah woah! They better not be stealing our song!
New Burton's Blog up @ www.totalpetmagazine.com. Thoughts to digest.
what??? maybe a lil
A well-constructed URL is poetry on par with haiku: it unveils an unbounded, multidimensional reality, leaving you yearning to explore.
plus recently ive cut out MUCH alcohol and sweets. lol so it IS much healthier than how I was before. lmao
Sustainable Tourism = conservation, local jobs, natural & cultural assets, triple bottom line.
I make kittens come out of their mittens with the sex talk i'm spittin.
thanks! Very stoked for this :)
duuuudeeee.... I don't want to drive there
Behaved very badly in class this evening. End of PhD coursework...hard to contain myself.
RT : #ThingsGMsTweetIn2012 RT : This is helping our run differential... was getting way to close to even.
NEW MAGAZINE WILL BE OUT SOON SO GET YOUR ADS IN BEFORE YOU GET LEFT
10: Because she has already demonstrated ... her peculiar fitness for this highly important vocation.
Going to the ordway to see some show :P idk which one tho :D
Getting off if you want to talk text if you don't know the number ask for it. By the time I come on tomorrow I better be at 1400(:
I'll second that shout-out for JLea.
Greetings from San Francisco! Members of the Choir's Board and Staff are presenting at this year's Chorus America convention.
2 chains ft the weekend...omg
Justin Is Our Common Denominator <3
Nothing is going on tonight
we should go there
“: I have a dream But I'm not sure it could be a reality” yes it can woman! If u can survive hitting your toe you can do anythin;)
The time you spend in the writing process doesn't always necessarily involve writing.
Likely because more Competition LAXLHR than ORDLHR.
plz dont tell me u go re roll that shit back up
get yo bitter ass off my TL`
Birthday call >>>>>> happy birthday on Facebook
I'm glad u liked it... I esp loved te sound trrack
if ya dumbass knew about computers you would know...smh niggers
If we can observe the magic of a single flower clearly, our whole life would modify.
There's a poster that hangs in the #facebook office that's says only 1% of our job is done. it's not just a platform for selling...
Need to go to sleep, but I can't. Too much on my mind.
better watch out, ur dad might shoot ur computer. If u haven't seen it, watch the video
Maybe I'll watch Transformers at the movies tonight. Better yet, CineDine.
agreed! Swing by my alternative funding seminar at 3:30 - I'll be talking about our experience on
So I had hell of a workout, then school, then meet with friends. Now I'm simply tired.
Latin Dance with Live Band in the main room every Saturday. Empiresupportersclub.com Best Fans In The World!!
Been noting my ideas to create a unique business plan, so far so good!
RT : Dr Hunt CMO at ONC says the value prop of health IT is not immediate and obvious to the end user. So true.
I'm sorry. I thought it was real , I'll get off :/
best song ever!
#Youth #LetsDoThis #readanddotheword Psalm 145:4 One generation shall praise Your works to another,And shall declare Your mighty acts.
74 mi to Glasgow. It's nice but kinda boring out here... We are just waiting for the Rockies now that it is officially Mountain Time for us.
Time for some vampire movies , so I can write up my next Movie Mortuary.Wish me luck on this marathon. these will be bad
May be the best thing to be created since skippys peanutbutter #nohomo Shout out to Buccieri Parents. >
also, flower shop at Univ and Goldfinch has for sale/lease sign :(
O_o ik but its only if im gonna always be on the road but we will see
don't know if we ever replied...but yes we ship everywhere in the world! and thanks, great site too!
Back from the Lake Victoria islands (Ssese). Wow. Undiscovered white sand beaches. What's all this talk of snow I hear about in Wisc? =)
CHOICES && DECISIONS ??
well this is awkward
Thursday is here and so is the famous Corporate Happy Hour. $20 gets you an open bar from 6-9pm in back bar. Come get at it!
Yup, pretty much.
Another change model, common in loss, but also in change (likely unplanned) is Kübler-Ross' 5 stages. www.➡.ws/ၛ
No problem, Duane. You are one of my trusted resources for insight into the AEC industry.
sending iTunes nastygram on why SF of #H50 is not online yet????
how are you doing?
I love technology and crafting too!
Baaah!! So groggy and sleepy!!
So proud of the chargers...taking down the defending state champs. Awesome game.
Son just told me Baylor was lime green. Why change the school colors ?
you are awesome but not as awesome as my new lightweight Boeing 23-A2.
i got shirt that has two beavers and says Justin Beaver's future girlfriend and 1 tht says Im a dinosaur so like rawr and stuff
RT : Welcome to the team ! >> thank you! I can't wait to start! :)
sorry all late, haha it's cuz I get so bored there
done. it's so sad and lonely. i would go sit there but the sofa is so comfy
love you tho 
I'm not dead yet!
Visited The Filter Coffee in San Diego great place open until 2am
1ST TWEET SINCE LAST WEEK.. BEEN SUPER BUSY... MISSED YOU GUYS.. I AM NOW BACK.... HAVE A GREAT DAY.. GO RACERS, CATS, AND CARDINALS!!
Why am I watching Ghost Adventures alone?
B Schutz: Gold OA promotes research, innovation, education and inclusion, and publishing.
Huh. I just may have to watch that...
Spreading my demo reel on the Internet... cool how many sites are free out there for that :)
Which is sad that I just remembered about the bloopers considering it was called iBloop2.
prove it
Thought of the day, why is cabbibalism not banned by the ten commandments? What a fucking blatant oversight, wow.
What should I get for Sunday??
D'aw!
what channel
thanks for the follow!
When Do you think they will start the Daytona 500? I have my fan apparrel on... lol
Do a little dance, let's see those downloads, get down tonight, yeah, get down tonight! Rockin' New Years Eve w/ 50th country!
When do you know when you love someone else?
Let the warm breeze blow you in to the wonderful lobby of the Belden Stratford and take a look around.
Friday, Dec 30 and I am tuned to Science Friday #NPR Just heard something new: Big Data
Happy New Year everyone!
Can't wait to see in Good People Run Through at The Geffen!
hope all goes well with you at the dentist :)
:) would consider going but baby due in august so my hands will be a little full
Intentional storytelling to teach requires a knowledge of the audience.
RT Need to get healthy and exercise again!!
I thought so too (Jersey Shore), but then thought of the innumerable good people that have done great things. Good pt, tho!
That is the way Seahawks! I love Pete Carroll's energy level!
Well you are right, I do.
Music ; ignoring everyone today >_<
u r welcome. So, do you run 7 miles 3x a week, 3 miles 7 days a week or 21mi 1x a week?
kayleigh, how come your uber-librarianness always saves the day? got any tips on onions?
Haha, Justin's face was the funniest when he saw Gaga.
Thank you :) RT : Wow. Had no idea you were such a hottie! :)
Must update my iPhone apps more often, twitter is finally looking good on my phone
The Gang goes to Coventry
Go to YouTube so I don't have to see every video you watch. Thank you 🙏
Iraqi woman beaten in Calif.; threat note at scene via
Or, we could go to 1977 to dress like this.
ok ima be home n 15 mins hit ma phone up....i got some 4 u
Your personal #tradeshow consultant. Join the conversation. Just include our official hashtag #applerockusa with your questions.
I'm at the Imagining America Rountable waiting to hear about scholarship in public life.
So glad for the update, and even more glad all has been going smoothly!
nigga if ur here Saturday u need to come to this celebrity game I'm playin in...I ain't played seriously since MAINE lol
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
Good memory! Tell I'm available for extensive interviews on this matter ... you know, if he wants. :)
Another lonely weekend without roommates. I mean... I guess I can catch up on my breakdancing.
not much different than ignoring someone saying Obama should be tried for treason
thanks! When is your website going to be up and running?
#7 best quote from COPS "Officer I give oral sex but I don't give vaginal sex,I ain't no whore."
-its sad to see one go so young, even more heart breaking for one to be growing inside of her.. RIP babygirl & her unborn!!
what happen
Lmfao !! wow angel just wow
Looking for a session to go to in MCC to stay out of the heat - go to discussion room 334 now!
yea I actually went to spotify and checked out your music :)
I didn't know you were so close. Your a few exits away
Totally dope idea, resolutionsforgood.com. Nice work you two! and
I dont know i'll ask him when he get up.
I have got to get the CD. Had a work event of all days. Needed to hear that one.
To the gym.
you're such a geek :)
Sounding great. Making poignant observations. Keep it up.
when are you thinking of doing an original song ?
we just worked out! You're excused lol
Wine.com also offers free storage for up to 6 months so you can wait to ship until fall.
Man am I dumb for saying we probably shouldn't spend the money to go to #Minecon this year. So dumb. So. So. Dumb.
that would be awesome let chat this week about something to kick off the new year
pleasepleaseplease! PLEASE!! tweet me happy birthday it's almost over ):
Rodgers be nuts to leave Swansea right now. His stock will only rise. As for pedigree, Lambert has Euro experience
MT Over 500 candidates taking certification tests tomorrow via MyRealtimeCoach. Preliminary results in just 5 hours!
Had a nice day with a good friend watching The Twilight Saga. Getting ready for Friday. Breaking Dawn!! Can't wait!
Good morning everyone! Happy Wednesday to all! To all my Criminal MInds Tweets, enjoy tonights episode of Criminal Minds! Two weeks to go
Morning.. Very good question. No I don't think I would be upset..might be a good time to educate someone.
What the wells fargo by the Foothill lounge got robbed, crazy, makes me wanna go celebrate with some good jams with Dj Paul X..
Congrats to the fierce USA & Japan women's soccer teams for making it to the World Cup finals!!
Don't have a Facebook cover photo? Don't panic! Chispa still has their $97 cover photo promotion going on until April 6th. Then the...
BREAKING DAMN NEWS: If you stay really quiet and listen very, very closely, you can hear the beautiful sound of you SHUTTING THE FUCK UP!
Congrats to Indy breweries, & , for their wins at #WorldBeerCup. Check them out on the Hops a Plenty tour!
What a great & true statement!
is amazing <3
All ik is that Danny and Paul better come to play Tuesday.
Y do you wanna come to Canada?
Sit him down
I think it's time to get back to writing..my characters are coming to life in my dreams. They are just longing for attention!
just telling u what I see.:-) How did u become a red sox fan here in PDX? Hate having the M's shoved down our throat!
Up in the streets, they call it murdaaaaaa....
its so good. Love dangling then going top shelf.
Picked some potential wineries. Pretty easy when only a handful produce the wines you like.
i wanna knw why every female i talk to think i got all da bitches
it was so cool meeting the #escaperoutes cast!
lol, its a ratio to who your following and who's following you! No worries with all of your help we will hit a cool mil! :D
What's better about internet bball commentary today: more respect for marginal MLB players. Less "so and so sucks."
idk how to use that bs to make myself slimmer I'm try a gain weight here why the eff would I use photoshop to look slimmer
how were those drops?
Yes, it's hard not to just hand over the wallet voluntarily when he does something like that :)
Come check out Dell's Wireless Interactive projector at the Innovation in Education booth
My mom broker her favorite mug this morning
Thanks! We checked your writing. Rad stuff as well!
"Bulls typify their city. They just grind it out."- J. Van Gundy
I'm guessing this game brings good memories for you ; I remember the draft, I cried, lol! Good Old Days huh Tony?
Be yourself and be heard in your own unique voice
Guess we should have been more specific about wanting a government shake up..
"And when it breaks, you get to keep both pieces."
": Are you coming to AZ to watch some spring training baseball?" YES the superfans are coming
Tomorrow is our 2 year anniversary of being back in #ABQ. Stop by 1 of our locations to celebrate and receive a FREE doughnut of choice.
i really want to punch a hole in the wall, but that would hurt so im not going to
Mama aint no fool daddy so all I can say is u better get it rite
#IfIRuledTheWorld we would have Black History month off WITH PAY !
Amen. How can we make this a reality? MT "Museums should be thought of as a community center," Ford Bell.
Another morning another full day of twittering. I wonder if any of our trusty followers are making the trek to Holiday World today.
ur online res didn't work so had to rent different movie at machine, you still charging me for rental I couldn't get #Custserv ?
i think you need a cheesehead !!!
Winesburg, Ohio is literature's Wisteria Lane.
Goodbye, Monday. Hello #Zumba!
Been reading up on Robert Hansen in prep for Frozen Ground. Did you read anything to prepare?
then they're not true fans
Add me on facebook -
WOO...Break a leg! Or your "long pork"? Maybe? Not so much...?
But it gotta come naturally i cant force myself to catch em..,
When we first met, I had no idea you would be so important to me.
What kind of nigga tells lies to hisself......
“: that is the best one so far adam i said in that beard is a whole hobbit village” Awesome TG!
Looks like a good day....:^)
I have 28 bottles, including 2 that are 1.5 L, in my condo right now. Mix of high quality & everyday good reds.
jus me in my crib bored :(
- Awesome! Thanks! Checked out your blog too, would love to feature it for our 'Pinch Hitter' Yankees sites feature on Chasing800!
LOVE our customers! packing orders on a sunday morning to make sure they ship bright and early monday morning! THANK YOU!
Phoenix Open - freezing, Accenture Match Play - snow. Look at the weather forecast for this weekend...ya think God is an LPGA fan?
thanks for the follow! WHat did you think of our app?
off coursee if yu ask her too she will and check her out on youtube also she has an amazing voice! and tell her i sent yu
Think I finally "get" 5 hour energy.
awe u know somebody got a phone for me
“ Just fell asleep driving on the interstate...NBD.” Ah pat don't do that..
Go Donald Lee...#86 Lives On!
: doing a b day on saturday for a friend on sat. What up?
SHE A MOTHERFUCKIN CRYBABY AND A PETTY ASS PISS IN DA BED ASS LAZY DIRTY NASTY BOYISH ASS HOE AND SHE CAN GO SUCK A DICK!!!!!!!!!!!!
What goal will you accomplish this week?
Thanks Laurie for the retweet! Have a great day.
The manchild , of course!
That pass was fucking beautiful (wipes tears from eyes)
NEW this year Days of the Dinosaur 6700 sq ft of life-sized, animatronic dinosaurs & Interactive Area for kids! $1/person
I want to use Mp3's and heart rate monitors in my pe classes this year applying for lots grants : )
Its the scariest thing knowing that someone in my life time, that i know, will pass away.
I love that song too. That whole live album is great. RT : Brooke and I are spreading the gospel of Standing Outside the Fire
I'm not sure if I'm drunk or not but if I'm not I'm close! Dats wug I get for mixing light n dark
saw the preview for #thebigyear last night- looks like a cute movie!! Anyone else planning on going to see it?
People still smoke? I am going to start using lead base paints when I paint my bedroom.
I'm like out of everybody you find him attractive. Alright go head Denise!
What mommy wars? Had SO much FUN with everyone!! Thanks #mom2summit 'ers! Off to blog on it! Xoxo
depends what it's regarding
That lady that always kisses me is helping me with my itchy ears...that's pretty rad...she cool
I kareoked Mr. Brightside in Kihei tonight, it was awesome except now I've got to get up and yoga in the am.
Do it now. Paint a face on the elbow and 'go too far' with your puppet show. (I have 2 kids)
Idgf about anything but you
Yes! I need to go see it tho! RT did you know that plays your scare tactics video before his show?
Welp, at least we know the cleveland cavaliers know how to draft; they got another ROY
Exercised before work.. And after.
Want #FREE delicious dessert from ?! Use today's alert to send one to a friend & you just may get one yourself!
I followed you because you keep it real....real douchy.
Turning off autocorrect has changed mu life!!
#Thethingis I'm not even excited any more.
RT : 9% increase in social media buzz volume corresponds to a 1% increase in TV ratings according to Nielsen
....we are making progress! You should come visit us sometime!
deep thigh boy. Shit just hurt and it was nasty lookin
“: I signed up for the today! Did you? It's gonna be a blast!” woot!!!!!
You Only Live Once , so live life to the fullest. you never know whats gonna happen next.
Happy.....friday everyone!
2 min warning skins leading.
Everyone in the Riverwest area north of Locust: your voting location is Fratney St. School.
I was talkin to my sister, creeper!! 😒
You said it was a long story, but you told me and it took about 10 seconds.
wonderful Ameritti Semifreddo and pumpkin olive oil cake! If you are in Westport check them out!
yes yes or on Harry lmao!! But there's been lots of suspicions that Harry's cheated on Lou ;p
Just did week 3, day 3 of #c25k with !
I can just imagine! She was something!
feel better! 👌
Thanks guys... please keep me updated. Knicks? Rangers?
“: Every time I call my mom and hear my dog in the background I cry a little lol. I miss my bf” oh! How sweet!
My wish is for you to see this tweet<3
This is going to be harder than I thought
the trend now is snapbacks and tattoos
its funny because you guys are fighting over a guy when he dosen't want either one of you.
I did aha thank you so much love you :) x
um, the 1st step to making money at home is to make sure you don't get caught, right?…sheesh, Twitter ads :-{
weird stick that comes with a sample at Starbucks?
Head to our Facebook page- Third Stream Giants! Our site- www.3sgiants.com! 9:30pm Fri. at The Otter House! :)
i just love you :) please tell me that you're going out tonight?! :)
RT : Yea my daughter won. The kids are going to love it!
im ready for prom now, got it all take care of.... except for the ticket lol
It ain't raining down here yet but looks real suspect to...
ah I have hit 1700 followers (: I love all of you. Anyone want a follow bacck? <3
mid january
Exact half way point between Xmas and Valentines Day - heard that makes it National Hug Day. Give someone you love a nice big hug!
i second the tri-berry recommendation!
that'd be great.
Wednesday already. Where do the days go?
sorry delay in responding! I just saw her in a re-run of Will & Grace~she looks the same age as on "Good Luck Charlie"!
Didnt eat my daily spinach salad..
lol u on twitter. why????
Happy to have u at the #hackathon! Feel free to ask any questions!
Don't hate on my awesome sauce! I am the greatest and feel so much better now!
RT : Kim Kardashian earned $17,900,000 from her wedding and divorced 72 days later (but gays ruin the sanctity of marriage).
nah! It just means they won't shrink if you cold wash them so I would still get a medium if they were a medium!
eventful/busy/and fun long weekend... hoping for some good news this week!!!! holding my breath!
okay here If you need you got all your prom stuff then ? X
#1 just schooled the whole heat squad!
Are you at #parallels this week? If you are message me, let's have a drink.
Look forward to meeting you! :)
I missed dance moms miami!!!!
this is the first game I've watched this season. Nice to know they are the same old illini.
What a heroic journey back...inspirational.
ive been close to death by almost getting hit by a car, i appreciate life everyday <3 i live like im dying 24/7 i love life 33
Thanks for the
putting on make up & watching Whitneys funeral is a #badidea. Beautiful moment.
Ah gotcha. Do they have an official iPhone app?
dude where are you :(
Thankfully no snow in #Seattle. Spring has sprung!
man, wish I had the Moves Like Guzman .... :)
my cousin just asked me to go to her birthday party. the only catch is that you have to wear a fake mustache. i love my life.
nice. Yeah, clearly didn't care enough.
naw i didn't but i will tonight
On my way to a photo shoot with a Martin high school senior!
zamn i wish i could LOLOLOL.. guess what? ;o
It's a good day(;
Not happy about having slept on the sofa last night.
Bout to go get breakfast. Or brunch...whatever.
Happy Saturday! Time to do some shopping for some new kicks for vaca.
which link?
How is 2 Chainz still trending?
Attention Twitter followers: 10% off your first ScribeModerne service! Visit scribemoderne.net or contact !
My heart goes out to the Kaft Family R.I.P. Myra
Folks in the box office. Where audience and theatre crash against each other (like waves & the shore)--and define each other.
My 13 year old nephew is visiting next weekend. Thinking of things in #rva for us to do. Ideas?
Warren G. Harding~ Americas present need is not heroics but healing not nostrums but normalcy not revolution but restoration.
pleased to make your acquaintance sir; my sister in law Tonya from Colorado spent some time there a few years back.
Rolling out to Pismo beach for tomorrows gig... RV stylee...
So Done packing.
what app is that dude?
yeah i probably should.
my pre-Zombie 5k Training regime of watching the Walking Dead and eating tofu sandwiches proved to woefully inadequate. eaten by market st!
true. But I was thinking more from the general Zodiac signs & how/if it corresponds with personality types.
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.-Bob Dylan
LOL! Seems the cray is catching... Rick has lost his mind!
naw San Jose
HAHAHA I'm sure there's plenty of time for that ;)
I WANT MY STATE TO BE GREEN
haha i could tell! you were like staring at the ground
Thanks Derek=)
Only lobbying when talking to law makers and their proxy.
ill follow u back once your actually following me???
There's no such thing as a bad idea. Just poorly executed awesome ones.
After it's been on the coffee table for two weeks: finally watching The Reader.
TOTES MA GOATS!!! I actually got to TALK to the boys for longer than 5 minutes!! xD
That's how I like to chair a meeting.
You say that like it's a bad thing.
true, let's not push Sharon over the edge. :) It's a shame my dogs try to eat cats. I would take him.
hope so!
Alright...a little nippy...the beauty of a heated Tiki Bar!!!!!! Peel and eats....roasted red potatoes w opinions....and a draft beer..
Thanks for the puppy chow, "The Voice", but I'm definitely not coming to your party.
NO THANKS, I JUST ATE - Tune in to Huckabee now! is coming up soon!
RT : To stay hydrated, spread out your water consumption. Don't cram to try to catch up.
its on the new video board out in right. Not surprised if its blocked from where ever you're sitting though.
US Constitution Article I, Section 9, Clause 8. No title of nobility shall be granted by the United States. Stay asleep this morning and H…
OMG it is almost Nicolette birthday So exited for her
Color pictures from TZ are few and far between.
Tuesday is Burger Night #Baltimore (8212 Liberty Rd) Get 5 delicious Sonic Burgers for $5.95 after 5PM. Not valid w/ other promo.
Can the scientists please invent something to keep people from spooging about politics all over your facebook page? K thx bye
Great! Thank you!
Love it! Really on point...
Thanks for the follow!
It started
If you don't follow my home girl she will sneak thre your window and rip your eyes out
I just want to cry, until I have no tears left. But, what'll that solve?
Just left emergency... Thank god everythings ok... That pain was no joke... Be blessed everyone..
thank u Rushers 4 your love but i have to say bye bye
You wanna know the truth & how I feel?
I'm in <3 I love my MCA and he's totally my favorite too. I want him to notice us too
Ate one of my favorite meals this afternoon. Chipotle Forever!
since i have a droid incredible phone does that mean i can't get the game??
"we have had an excellent relation ship with the queen" lol
Off on friday. Who wants to go and get their fish on?
Need some Ink bro? check me out, im in The Valley
It's a bonfire, turn the lights out!
Tonight was a crazy train with J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
Thanks for the recommendation of "Real Money."
It's birthday today!!! Much love and respect. Now. Get back to Cincy and play a freaking show!!!
and steps in to save the day. cultivate his good side--you all need him!
Wanna play tag? Okay. You it! Find me on Zingled.com
Wedding planning will turn best friends into enemies. At least in vegas they have everything for u. Lol
what are you doing there?
Indeed. Even her smarm is gorgeous.
Got to change twitter account to a much friendlier AuntieEmCustard. Thanks Caitlin!!!
Thank for the mention darling....CoffeeTalk fans excited about your classic piano sounds.
Its strange to think the songs we used to sing, the smiles, the flowers, everything is gone.
just get enough money so u can trade ur phone for an iPhone
God dam got too baked last night lol
Got my phone taken away!! like WTF.
[[]] Putting This Bitch On Blast His A Big Ass Hoe And A Slut And He Is A Big Ass Shit Talker Be Ware Of Him
Webpass ... I want you.
it just looks so cheesy!
“After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.”—Aldous Huxley
I JUST SPENT $50 ON A FUCKING VIDEO GAME!
great news - go Arthur
Thank you for the wise ones!
“: I wish someone would just come up to me and confess their feelings for me. Just out of the blue. That would be nice.”AMEN
awww, thank you. Which classes have I had the honor of hosting you?
Do not forget small kindnesses and do not remember small faults. - Chinese Proverb
all of my teachers have posted final grades...except one. You have got to be kidding me.
Winners don't quit they succeed
Thank you for that, Nancy. I try to be grammatically correct when necessary; Grammarly is a helpful tool to have.
Do you ever stop near the ball park?!
I'm at the 5k Race to Protect Children with !
Sustained drive - running attack - 1st and 10 at Omaha 20. 5 minutes to go
it's going to get awkward if "Like A Virgin" comes on during the enhanced security pat-downs
Uh North Carolina? Little bit fucked up?
goodnight everyone! stay positive and beautiful! xx
I love when Pierce opens up the restaurant. Always a ton of The Dead blasting from the speakers.
one of the best going in all of ncaa lax right now.
Michelle is such a lovely name. Especially when it's followed by Beadle and by "She's a Spurs fan."
Lets go BULLS!
Going in the kitchen!
Not worrying bout my #Downs...I only worry bout my
Thanks darling!
except for those in the stall next to you.
y'all have a steak & blowjob day? Well England is sounding a little better
Try this concept on: create a "Multiplier May" and just try and get ONE MORE of something. It could be a lead, a client, or a day off.
Marmol no longer a closer? Hm, bad move Sveum, bad move.
RT : Knicks forward Amar'e Stoudemire cut his hand after punching hard surface in lockeroom, sources tell
you should stay cool too, when You make it big! ;)
...and none for Gretchen Wieners.
- I appreciated the practical, realistic webinar: start with a pilot project, show returns quickly, add modules as needed...
thanks chunk
Interested in performing?Msg for details. #FOLLOWBACK Thanks
Both the Pharisees and man with the crippled were in need of saving. Jesus came to save both.
Who tryna text
If our currency changes to travel shampoos tomorrow, I'll be able to buy a pizza at least.
Who manufactures in #PIttsburgh ??? I do!!!!
go follow because hes awesome.
Gotta get my work done so I can watch the
are you guys watching a girls night movie on exotic meat night?
nice. Did that just last night. Great minds think alike. Tomorrow is grilled lamb chops!!!
: word. I just tried it, too--very interesting.
Round 2 with the kettlebell. We'll see who is victorious this time. Fine, it will probably be the kettlebell again.
you forgot
Wish I could be at the paramount today to see Obama!
The pacers aite
We will properly remove the damaged windshield, seal the area in which the window sits, clean and prime the new windshield. 414-409-7263
*takes deep breath* just tryin to make it to 11:59. I'll worry abt tomorrow when it gets here.
(Henry D. Thoreau) I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of a man to elevate his life by a conscious endeavor.
Orlando's Dwight Howard Headlines 2010-11 NBA All-Defensive First Team
Phil Seyer I'm hosting 2 Mammoth New Years Eve parties. If you would like discount tickets or would like to exhibit, let me know. Bay/Sac
ok, not running this year.... Stay tuned for 2014... buckle your chin strap. lol
Yes, I withdrew an application. I was relieved because it wasn't one I particularly wanted and wouldn't be able to take.
Engaging bloggers is essential for #Ford --> they tell our story -->People trust people like them.
SHUP YEAH! ita unfair how she does the words :(
#DrakeSongsILove. How many fans know that music is getting stale? they all sound the same to me we need to hear something new.
funny Austin, but ur not gonna trick us...
My best friend is schizophrenic.! Gosh.! Please someone help eric.
There will be more flagship e commerce stores -
hey I miss you! Yep been a week and a half lost 5 lbs already , well water weight ;(
Ooh baby I like it, you so excited. Don't try to hide, imma make you my Bitch.
sweet! They are talking about that board right now! Check out the item at the top of the board. Woot!!
Crap. My birthday message got garbled by the computer. Should read "¡Feliz cumpleaños!"
Woohoo! RT Looking forward to Summer O tomorrow. New recruits for and other programs.
In fact, my next status would be perfect for RTing. ;)
loved it!
Mac & Cheese has got to be one of the best kid foods in the world.
“LMAO! : "Saying that your work is better than a lot of the "SHIT" that’s out there is not exactly a shining credential.”
OMG! Whoa! I Fink your Freaky! Lol! The guy dancing creeped me out so I turned it off halfway!
RT Hey Pittsburgh TNA T-Shirts Now Available at Angle Foods Health Up Cafe. 3100 Penn Ave Pitt, PA 15201
I do what I can!
Gaddafi just invoked the Branch Davidians in his insane live TV rant. That can't be good.
it's in Middleton. I went there last weekend. Check out my pictures on facebook under mobile uploads!
RT Big game for the GHF supporters and were outstanding.
"Love is far more complicated than the way in which it is usually perceived."
OMG that's awful! Surveillance cameras anywhere???
Thank you!!
12:17 pm 61 out now. The beard might be going off just 9 more degrees.
You know you got a good job when your vacation day request is approved by your manager within an hour! Woot!
the cloud spoon rest came in the mail this weekend! And Mr. Naughty cat already put a chip in it! :\
Classic! So excited about this new tech incubator in downtown.
in the studio
#BasicEconomics Printing money does not create wealth. Wealth is created thru increased efficiencies and innovation. Govt does neither well.
No matter you're lot in life you'll feel better about yourself after a trip to the Arrowhead Mall in Muskogee, OK - my best friend Aaron ...
Beyonce was just named Worlds Most Beautiful Woman! It must be that "new mom glow" #congrats -CJ
Anyone else excited to hear the speech tonight? I wonder what Hail-Mary pass the president plans for us now.
Congrats on your 2012 listing on the IR 500 list!
Just found out my picture will be in the Business Journal for the #BrewersSMIS hope my Psych prof doesn't read the paper
hah, amusing. I like Tebow, just not a fan of Denver. It's an awkward place to be.
Have a blessed re-charging weekend. One needs quiet downtime.
Pretty pumped. After trading out of the first, I actually like the Broncos' day two a lot.
So Ingles was the place that you bought the Super Mario Brother's sours? :D
Lucky for you, you have plenty of jerks to choose from!
Well said. RT : One of the dangers of being in the wine trade is that you can end up tasting too much and drinking too little.
Added NCompass. Thanks!
It was a long Friday . But to end it is by going to my school's fun fair .
After two days of no sleep and worrying, everything is okay. Thank god she's okay. <3
wish I could-I'm in ATL but will b back in LA in 2weeks. #home sweet home and I can't wait lol
You handle your shit, I handle mines.. That way it's all god
How have you been, Tommy? Any Good Stories or Posts you've Written today or recently worth reading at "Mediaite.com"?
Then they made him go away so i decided fo gef in trouble so i could be with him:) & i weht to jail.
Today is NOT the day to be having #focus issues...
pretty good, subscribed to ur blog looking forward to future posts.
Mark your calendars: One month from today (11/19) is our 3rd Annual "Drive for Charity." $1 from every trip donated to local charities.
Just finished Warprize by Elizabeth Vaughan. What a wonderful book!
Good Luck tomororw and the rest of the girls team! The #BlondeSkwad will be there rootin you on!
XD hah i did tell you i wasn't gonna die right?
Just got home now on oovoo with my bf I love him
thats not good!
good morning ;-)
poor decisions
Affirmation of the day: I claim victory.
I'm so done with school
“: Kevin Na...hit the effin ball weirdo”
The are looking for professionals to become officers within the Nat'l Guard and set themselves apart from their peers....
going home now
The Merrimac Ferry will be closed 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Wednesday (June 8) for routine maintenance. -WisDOT
Be careful with your words. Once they are said they can only be forgiven, not forgotten.
Best RHCP song is probably Blackeyed Blonde... Congrats to one of the best of the 80s/90s!
Hmm... which book should I get started on? I've got so much I should be doing...
i wait in four four time.
Going to my junky ass room, who wanna clean it for me?
I'm not going to that! HA, but you can come to AZ and desert rat hunt!
Let's go #Broncos!
Relatively bummed #pmo2012 #opendata lunch @ World Bank is not to be held in its famous cafeteria. Maybe can get me in, haha.
I know some terrific moms. Can't name them all...but I am going to try. Doris, Karen, Jayne, Grace, Beth, Ruth, Maggie, Mia, Karen, Kristen
What is a must have for any game room?
When my name is mentioned with a "questionable" link by someone I don't follow or they don't follow me. Block or send as spam?
Was so sad to hear about #WhitneyHouston, such a beautiful strong voice is now gone.#nowplaying I Will Always Love You.
At the Cubs game with some pretty cool people
Who!! RT : #73 Mike Jones with the Stop!!!
If you're hungry stop in and try our famous Quesadias for 1/2 price during our 'Dilla Tuesdays at Keystone Bar & Grill! Stay late and enjo..
Coasters full of dirt from Citizens Bank Park...whaddya say?
YOLO = You Obviously Lack Originality.
When u start to write a book the 1st page is most difficult. After the book is written it better be damn good or it shouldn't be
There is an offensive side of the ice too!
The peas have tainted the leftovers of the chicken & dumplings you made. Your hero, strongly condemns.
Have I mentioned that this year's Welty Gala will be on Friday, October 21? We're glad it's coming back to Welty Weekend. More later.
still think it's weird and crazy that the colts have the first pick.
Crying like beez.. I miss sum1 really special to me :)
“: The Heat will beat whoever comes out the West, whether it's OKC, LA, or San Antonio.”
I look like freaken Frankie Muniz with this new haircut i got
awe bby brought me a bunch of roses & the poinsettia i wanted! =) how sweet!! =D
Download the Voxer app and add me, Caleb Brown!
In fairness, GT option uses completely different personnel, the trip-opt A/B/C backs don't fit into Oregon's speed option spread
What happened to beans???
Yes, but Starbucks is giving away free sample bags of their new roast & I found $20 on the ground, so today isn't a total wash!
Are you going to get a pair to review?
"Don't cry! Just score it as an incomplete forward pass."
congrats on your win last night Eve !
So, I'm no plumber, but I am pretty sure that toilets shouldn't leak all over the floor every time you flush...
Get me out of this room.
I'm just gonna drink a small barrel of Brandy, Beethoven has around his neck...
I am getting the feeling this Sheen roast is about as fresh as the produce at Aldi
IN FULL EFFECT
that's all nice and well but i'm afraid to click on that URL. skydrive + redir.aspx + cid=gobbleygook = scary! when will msft learn?
Naw im not getting a hair cut
Not to be mean or anything but that is just a little rude
Yello people of twitter!!
Click Like if you love Detroit techno and house music!
just saw the abdc commercial && saw you looks like you were having a blast. RT plz
speak!(In my church voice)
Fighting a cold laying in bed. Tryn prevent myself from getting sick
Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful." ~Samuel Johnson
OLLU SOFTBALL: Game times today are at 2/4 p.m. vs. University of Houston at Victoria. Live Stats will be available.
customer service rocks. Friendly, no hassle in-store exchange of ill-fitting jeans ordered online. Plus, 30% off my purchase!
It's dre's Bday tmrw private party tmrw hit me up Pluto is going in …Zeek out
I will always miss you buddy
RT : Good pussy will always make a niggah cum quick #fact, dats why u gottah do a round 2 fa dat ass!RT HE'LL YEA SO True
There are a lot of things being said about the Republican presidential nomination race.But boring isn't one of them!
Also tonight: we introduce two new shirt colors (red and green) as well as girl tanks! $10 a piece. Fresh run!
Think Ont Know; I Just Don't Say Nothing.
Thanks for the RT! :)
GutCheckCNN That sounds like the perfect reward for !
Oh okay . thanks for telling me . (: & one more thing . will we have to RSVP tickets or will we be able to by them offline
i am a belieber
*sighs* I do love me some coffee ALMOST as much as I love tea.
You're welcome. Thank you for all the work you put into it. I truly appreciate it.
OMG i am totally so addicted to Temple Run. Yesterday I played for 4 hours straight. :^)
People with low levels of antioxidants are more likely to have vision problems. Get vitamin C, E, lutein, and zeaxanthin....
yep, condo in shirly and work at Braddock Road metro.
im back
"I learned to drive on a model A" -my grandmother
#4HOURS left until Boyfriend... Oh my gosh I'm dying. I'm so excited.
Artic Char: Smoked, Matustake Mushrooms, Pine Nut, Marshmallow
Lifelong Bronco fan here Brickster. Solid hire by the Raiders. Allen is sharp.
The 2 things that most teenager/ppl drop there cellphones or there iPods
what was the party called for msft bizspark? salt lick BBQ?
Ha! RT : I before E, except after stanzas in Old MacDonald.
we love you & where you go we'll follow. Portland, Seattle, Denver, heck we'll even go to Chicago for you Matt
I did too! Stole ur idea ;) I need a moment like the WH kiss on Thurs, lol
Hello Mike !! Are you follwoing me? ( umm, no .. you are not .. LOL )
sounds lame, lol. You not gonna have ya girl come over and help you?
How do people not acknowledge how unbelievably racist this show is.
"You should love your son no matter what the sin."
+ - Never login to twitter unless you typed url yourself. You got hacked and need to change your passwords.
@ im not going to sleep until my husband is n OUR bed with me
Thank you! Look forward to having you back and screening your doc!
feel the same way, Jonelle. I'll never see a Red Bull without thinking of you. A true joy ...
happy ass got some liquor
I'd say mine, but just rather not. Vanessa know's who I'm thinking about. ;)
Facebook sets IPO for May 18
YOU are the defanition of white trash, noone else..you bash on your girls for trying to meet new people..so fucking what?!
Watching Lost Girl with Viggle Mon | 10PM | Syfy Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Be serious actors who want to do Comedy.
AMAZING!!!! I needed that laugh! You better rock that come baseball season!
lol. Oh my god
Actually, GoodReader syncing with Dropbox syncing with Mendeley is my current sweet spot.
I should have gone into education. I mean, I kind of did. But I'm saying, as a research and writing area. :)
Next time, the whole class will be organized as a Drupal-mediated Delphi process, and we'll blow through content like a well-honed groupmind
RT : A special shoutout to who introduced me to the awesome Scoutlabs today!! I LOVE it. :)
Oh, I guess DSK is a shameless sexual predator after all.
I saw a chamilion today, so i guess it was a pretty crappy chamilion.
Heading home from amazing Dallas!! Revive going global!! Let's do it!
almost done with the part !:D
New I,I sounds amazing.
this week perhaps? I miss u guys!
I kno better answer my calls !!
that really sucks :/ sorry for the late reply. :)
Thanks, Jamie!
I plan on partying like it's 1999. just kidding.
I did it! All seems well.
happy late bday srry I didn't make it to ya party hope u had fun
If any1 has hints on landing an academic job please send them my way, I'm on the market, spending time this week getting packets out
Because it doesnt like the word ugh
For the sake of planning ahead & due to the fact my grandparents ranch has sketchy service Team Bohl wishes everyone a Merry Christmas!
the bottom line is you are an intelligent consenting adult. The choice is yours. Everyone else needs to let you choose.
I'm going to mexico, drinking margaritas banging señorita's!!
I WANNA KISS ALL OF THEM!! #maybemore:)
WOW, lol. That's CRAZY! Y'all still got that ax?
What's good
Tommy is stirring the pot. :)
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner was you
hey:D
Thank you SO much! I'm blushing :)
yes you do need a set top box as well as a 3D ready TV
Cool- I'll be there this weekend b/c it is my reunion.
Woot! Look at us, being all adult-y.
FINAL SPEECH IS OVER!
I am thankful. I have to learn how to take time to nurture my own talents before spending time nurturing others talents.
Was consensus difficult to reach?
RT : #edtech2011: kids are inspired by entrepreneurs - reach out to them! Jenny dougherty"
always knew that one day, they'll try to bring me down
there were plenty of cowbells. forgot mine at the office.
Overworked and cranky. Tomorrow is a Me Day. If I don't do my nails and play video games all day while eating Honey Nut Cheerios, I'm wrong.
“: We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.”
Abt to take stage again at FunFunFun festival!!! Azz everywhere!
: Back to Dyker Beach. Fuhgedaboudit. Then to Lioni's for Brooklyn's finest mozzarella, "gabbagool," coffee soda.
Facebook makes you hate people you already know. Twitter makes you love people you've never met.
Well, I'm sleepy. :3 Goodnight, Twitter! :D
Why is that a graduation ceremony has that one boring,pointless can not speak talks about personal/political agenda?
2012 is possibly the final year for the CLIR Hidden Collections program. :(
Might just kick out the jams this morning.
hi! thank you for checking in :) i've been buried under piles of paper & surrounded by 2nd graders whose teacher is on jury duty!
by who ?
Maybe Apple should buy Facebook. They have enough money.
my new license plate says it all about me: RVA - ARTS because I am an art worker in RVA and proud of it!
I just wanna go back to sleep
All good Alex, thanks!
yeah, i'll let her know after the docs take more blood
#morningjoe this panel bet not start talking about women's health. It should be illegal for a panel of men to do so!
Hey Sean, I gotta go with Sonnen, and Davis. Please Chael shut up Bisping!
Lol my mom just got carded.
SMART girl! I'll drop off gimpy Goebel @ Lot F and trek in on my own 2 foots.
Rising gas prices shift from bane to boon for recovering auto industry Rising gasoline prices have gone from bane to boon for the recover
Rondo cnt shoot never except wen he play us bastard
Mosquitoes eat me alive. Skin So Soft.
no, we'll make sure you dont. in prodcution stages now. we'll contact you soon with details so we can all start blasting it out
I run in it all zone my team says illz go blizt
Watching the debate and missing Teddy Kennedy...
Not cool
It is soo SAD
Never be afraid to expect the unexpected...
Thinking British pancakes are good.....
Hi Brian, thank you so much for the follow. Tres cool! Looking forward to your tweets, comments & insights. Cheers!
Atten: LA Artists Only, is currently booking for the weekend of April 7th. If interested please email
Coming up on the show!Jeremy of & win a shamrock shake
That banner gets a straight red from me.
I like it. You guys do it right
yeah...its was a lot of fun. Live performances n everything. U woulda liked it.
We're structuring ours as a passive program with stations set out in our dept all day & I think we can make some of these work!
Agreed! I decided to DVR it so I can fast forward to the good parts tomorrow! :)
Hey man. Everything is good. Just doing my thing. Nice weather, sun is out. I can't complain. How are things your way?
You just made me think I got the text I was waiting for with that tweet :/ You are still awesome though.
you made us feel very loved & I'm just happy that your on our side ;)
Round dew
Maybe next year
Ordered Chinese food. Made it through some of my apps but couldn't even touch my sesame chicken. Weak sauce.
#ThatAwesomeMoment when you finally finish something you've been working on for weeks now!
Astrology is my pick to win the Preakness
Do you ever feel tired?
Lisa when are you coming to Dallas? I know its soon. You are my birthday present this year!
You were great: as ever, a motivational speaker of passion, clarity, & wit. Meta-levels galore {TFO + date}. Happy landings @ home.
doing great. nervous about my first live show later tonight. but it will be fine.
Thanks, pants of awesomeness!
thinking that my 1st tattoo may be
omg, thats so far. Are you moving closer to the stage?
I've defended him because of his bat. I can't do it anymore. His glove is more of a liability than his bat is a benefit.
I guess i'm celebrating my bday again @ #GoodLifeSaturdays !!!
Guy at the #SFGiants game reached across his wife and baby to grab a foul ball. Bounced off his hands to deck below. Wife displeased.
Incredible Pizza is crazy on the first Saturday of month. I won't make that mistake again. Cheap food and every kid in the world plus mine.
awww ABDC6 finished now i gotta wait till 10 for ABDC7 ;D
thinks FourSquare sounds terrifying, and will not be joining that one any time soon.
Follow back? :-)
Lol I mean Jerry haha Im using the iPad it
lol thats good how do you like college.?
A cookie from Levain Bakery is all I need for a perfect day! And its so big it pretty much lasts all day!
The #Milwaukee99 is just hours away! Follow us on Twitter for pictures from the event Doors open at 6PM
no problem! its true! where are you from?
england lose 3 strikers in friendlyh against slovakia: heskey, cole and crouch. calling little mickey.
why are the people at NA so........ weird ? u guys know what I'm talking about
It seem like some ppl brush their teeth n forget about the tongue 0_o
I wear 5 earrings going up each ear and they are all ball studs. They poke my skull if I try to sleep with them!
no fuck off
Be only on for a short,check my latest followers , FB many and clean up, will tweet more t-morrow. If you recently followed Dm for FB!
all of my family's funerals end up with laughter. assuming the person died at a ripe old age, as they all seem to.
If you don't need them to be frugal, you can still use them
I am
I know, i don't hold grudges. I will be happy for her and be there for her still. I do deserve better than what i had.
According to Elias: Ryan Braun is the first player to hit three homers and a triple in a game since Fred Lynn did it for Boston on 6/18/1975
Not sure why restaurants insist on wrapping my leftovers in a tin foil ugly duckling.
happy new year chica! Hope it was a good'un! Let me know about ur trip to new York!
"No, when Obama does it we call it evolving, not flip flopping."
Half a billion dollars just collided at first- owners, you can breathe now.
Mirrors are a small apartment's best friend.
YAY :D passed the french test woot woot and passed the speaking part too YAY :D
That would be appropriate, for sure. They actually did play at the Tractor a couple of years ago, for 20 people. I was one.
haha but it is probably somewhere else tho
o well text me later
I'm Chomping at the Bit to start My new diet & workout Training Regimen! Nothing but Oldschool hardcore & Heavy lifting!
gypt suffers a loss of $90 mn owing to Internet blockage
I can't even imagine what people did at red lights before cellphones
A Coffee Talk with Linda Richman reference? Fantastic.
maybe your eyelashes are just too sticky. Have you considered that? Hm?
if you could create the most poular sport ever- what would it be? Soccer with a two point line or UFC with explosions?
*comes back in from checking corner* nope, still no one out there with swagga like us.
thank you for guiding us on this Rapturous journey despite all manner of obstacles!
so... are you guys gonna bring Stephanie Brown back, or am I going to have to drop more books?
Thanks for the RT!
R.I.P. Dorothy Height, "the godmother of the Civil Rights Movement". She led the National Council of Negro Women for 40 years.
shut up lmaooo
MGG = Minnesota's Greatest Generation. Sorry had to twitterize it to fit it in the tweet.
suppose I were that desperate, would it be wrong to leave the kid in the kennel with the dogs? outside, of course.
We just got word that there will be Live Video along with the live audio courtesy of Doane as advertised previously. Links on our site soon.
yea bro its been too long
WOW! That was close! !!!found my phone!!! Would have pissed me off to lose all that stuff!! #ihatetechnology :-)
Surge in senior cosmetic surgery
That reminds me of how Tony Schivonne on WCW always used to say "Hogan has the hardest hands in this business!"
Hanging out on with Fully Focused radio and my band
The 40 minute delay on the MARC Penn Line really topped off this perfect day. Note the sarcasm.
People I like/admire want to #FreeChrisLoesch and while I don't know why that is, I trust them (at least in the Twitter sense).
Country??? time to put the Heat game back on.
i love when im out && i see advertisements of Battleship up :) cant wait
This is a scary bottom three tonight 😱
Thank you for replying to my inquiry. Please keep me in mind for any social media/marketing positions. Thanks again!
oh dear. I'm afraid I'm speechless...
Will pick u up something nice for the next time we hang; red or white?
HAHA That was so incredibly funny.
That Feeling :) yea that one that make you Smile and Shake!
Only 2 classes today
I've been on HOLD with AT&T for 34 minutes. What a great way to be introduced to a company
you don't know uhoh, you don't know your BEAUTIFUL !
Yup haha looks like your favorite man is starting off the show :D
a what??????? Terrible news.
I'll bet he's led a pretty interesting life....
I never understood Usher's Climax video until now....<3
Affordable full-feature dental chair system grabs market’s attention
An If Play He Go To Heaven lol DC BALLY GAME
Pumped! bring the word today at
were listening to ourselves, always, but is prolly better than us. ;) love those guys.
Thanks for the RT! See you on Friday for the event!?
love your jingle.
You know I hate you, why are you trying?! Don't even look in my direction.
The days of digging into a site to find media are over
In same talk he also showed a grid for how he distributed collectibles in The Simpsons Game. He makes everything look good.
Some of the best hs memories of mine have been spent with courtney, chels and jenny. Ill never forget those good times.
Silly curiosity only #lds folks will get, Pls report when u hear quotes of Ann Romney op-ed on Motherhood in a talk on Sunday
I can only imagine what Vinny's thinking, right now.
Damn could have won the #bucciovertimechallenge picked Ponikarovsky but it was too late.
I love my life!!
okay give me a time and a phone number
‎$1.50 off an issue or subscription to The Rag all week long using code: CYBERMONDAY at checkout.
I want to win Snooki swag & read #GorillaBeach from because snooki is going to be one great mommy/wife. Supporting my grl!
Is anyone alarmmed at the sudden reports to push off preventative medicine for women so insurance/government can make more $ching$ up front?
OMG OMG ALEX RTED ME OMG OMG OMG. I NEVER EVEN NOTICED. OMG I CANT BELIEVE THIS. He never followed me though. How dare he. Love him anyway!
Aha My Twin Be Pulling 17 Nd 18 Year Old Cause She Look 17
My English class is so boring! They are not even teaching us English, I dont know what this is.
is San Jose cruising
Thank u God for each day u give n all the love u show amen
Well that was legit!;D
ouu Ohio? nice andaha we got lucky we barely got any snow this year :P
Have faith in me.
i think jisc's #dev8d did something similar with rfid (i think may know more.. sounded cool, at least.)
Thank YOU! Your talk was thoughtful, meaningful and beautiful. Just like how all great UX should be!
thanks Marcos! We are really excited! Feels great to be born!
I just noticed you had over 1 million followers :) Congradulations!
looking forward to ur set tonight at !!
my coffee with chocolate soy is excellent! How's your bev?
#previoustweet until we can draft another quarter back or find one in free agency later.
Shoot... Didn't see this in time. Not sure we know much off 90-94 anyway... Sorry. :(
Woo hoo!!! I got a scholarship :D
that's wssp ! I better get a BIG copy &d ima give you &d shay a copy of the pictures I took
Listening to Some Nights by Fun. and find the lead singers voice to be strangely reminiscent of Freddie Mercury's...which means, I like it!
a bad night turned into a GREAT night!! i love the bandd!!
She doesn't know this yet but is my new marketing guru! She is the best. Do yourself a fav and follow her!
Hi Vania RT you are old
as someone who still has the set-top box, will it still be supported, or will it get phased out?
Oh nice, the Senate eliminated due process! What other freedoms can we get rid of?
If I had a dollar for everytime I heard a dude talk about his dick , I be rich 💰💰💰
'Conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth.' ~John F. Kennedy
Ha, you are still on. Love it. A late goal from Valencia and Liga and CL might be have Clasico deciders. Just brilliant all around
nice segue there....
Always good to share some virtual wine with friends & others
ahh yes, whoring yourself out to the Trump media storm for $910 is totally worth it, especially in the name of charity. Yeah.
How boss is Kevin Steen?? Side note.
no kidding but God i love it. ;) the sad thing i took a quiz and Im most like Adrian!
Which of our services would you most like to receive as a gift?
Watch for on 19NewsNightcast She allows us into her home for a health inspection. Food Safety and You. Don't miss it.
We just be cooling it... We ain't going steady ;)
#Jamie and #Maren are available for keynote speeches, #conference presentations, #seminars or small group meetings.
"The modern meeting is special" on making better meetings
Good luck to all the Fitness NM Competitors! All of you are inspiring and amazing!
lmao its fine (:
lol yeah he mines too.. But Knicks ain't built for it yet
over-optimization == anything ranked above me.
tough Q but I am happy to consult. Now Dig This! at The Hammer is one of my top picks.
yea totally that's what's up
Moms Tryna Stuff Me With My Last Home Cooked Meals For Now & for Once In My Life I'm Not In The Mood To Eat...... -___-
ALMOST AT 300 FOLLOWERS! HELP US GET THERE! PLEASE RT
Really sorry to hear this, we had it here w/Fourmile Canyon Fire. Hoping for rain/wind shift. Do u have P2, P3 bombers?
hey #drupal folks - what's your favorite irc client for mac?
thank you! You are the best! :)
thats my point for saying them too for funnyness nd laughs
Apparently a bunch of DOL employees decided to all go to lunch or something
I just wanted to sleep a little. One selfish dude, no pun intended, shouldn't have deprived me of such.
aight cool. If you know any artists who want to collab, send them my way
He may yell at me and be dissapointed at times but ill always be his lil gurl
proud of the ones who show up without being called, and serve without being asked! Those are the real ones!
It is not a day for weak tea.
Go-Daddy ad: "Give Mom flowers, then surprise her with a website." ???? I don't think so.
--> good luck finding a place
The gov is more on top of things in the movie. I liked their incompetence in the book
Spa day where she can relax b/c that sister drops those babies off for free babysitting all the time!
Can you see what happens the 1st time Sanchez has a bad game. The back pages of NYC would explode!!
Ans: because she does not know what she is talking about.
Thank you for sharing Daniel!
wait... adam scott the actor? who gives a crap about golf? step brothers rocked!
