He's backk
Way to go tonight
Pringles and wine!
Hah. I really did just lol.
Evaluation, issues of access, interdisciplinary & informal learning, resources, museum ed as a profession, technology, standards
I'm very inspired singing " i know you know " haha :)
dang hill u can eat .... Lol
what if your not sissy?
OH NO! Sorry!
Just found your website, I look forward to calling you for treatment. Great website! Thank you! Have a blessed weekend!
I know. Three items and $140 later...
Hello Regent community! Check out resources just for you on Blackboard. Click on the RU Resources tab and enjoy the tips and tools!
We are home of the Happiest customers in wireless....Stop on in and let us show you why!
Things That Need To Stop hot girls going gay lol
TKS, Nichole! Had a GREAT time at the NH Creative Club last night - what a nice group. :) Now - back to it! xo
We had such an awesome night last night with everybody from ! Looking forward to another great day today!
Wtf is the point of making an appointment?!
CRJ700: The Ford Fiesta of airplanes
it's ok I do my sensitive ass!
Our pleasure!
This week marked first time I've started to build large #Drupal 7 site & had to apply lots of patches but feels good to be free of Drupal 6.
Tragedy Called Truth at East Side Lounge this Wed! EP RELEASE! BE THERE!
I'm all about Dirk and the Mavs! If it were Ditka and Dirk vs the Heat, the Heat would've lost 4 in a row! Haha Da Dirk!
Our long national nightmare is over. Jessica Simpson finally gave birth
#FRIDAY finally
lls im not hatin at all just wish i cudda been there to see it big daddy
Enough is enough, Tiff. Let's get this jkenobi and jessa hinton love affair started. Asap:-)
“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.”—Winston Churchill
This looks solid. Does he have a legit chance?
SONIC DRIVE-IN TUESDAY SPECIAL (3/20 only) BOGO SHAKES ALL DAY (OPEN TO CLOSE). Plz mention txt when ordering. Have a SuperSONIC Day!
- We agree about Pariah. Goal now is to get turnout before its theater run ends. Box Office total to date: $497,579.
im supposed to be studying for the gmat right now, instead the only useful thing i accomplished this evening was a shower. not bad tho
syncing all accounts...
me. Mr. Make-a-Move over here :b
and hosted an awesome party for Journey last night. Thanks y'all and congrats
Hahahaha, ew. Well at least you made sense though...
Photo shoot today!
Rita's with my little sister <3
If you held up 11 roses into a mirror, you'd be looking at 12 of the most beautiful things in the world
New Spring Menu!!!!!
Having trouble getting on the call today. Anyone else? Don't want to miss it!
Ok it's almost noon, I haven't been insulted by someone at that one "news" blog, so I may be off to a good window.
The awkward moment when the women working at Moe's should be required to also wear a hair net over their mustaches
Wow, now i want one
Q: Why does the timesheet system need to know my wedding date? A: This is a demographic update o_O
HA HA. I'll see what I can do. How far is Philly from Pittsburg? When are you coming to Indy? RT come to Pittsburgh already!
Great, thanks for the tip.
My sister won $1,000 today from some contest on Pinterest! I hope she remembers how much of a great sister I am! Right, ? ;)
Why does this always happen to me though.. o.0 Lmaoooo!
real talk... Derrick Rose more flaky than me. I'm the
Seriously, "everyday" in Spanish is "diaria"?! Come on, your setting yourselves up really...
well fuck u 2 then! *old lady vc from Friday!! Lol n ok we also added a new family member!!
hey good too see your doing so well this year.. keep doing what ur doing and you will be great
I thought it was a foul...Lmao #Let'sGoHeat
ohh haha. Sorry, catchin up on my lingo here.
What you see is what you get <3
always wanted to do that route - hope you're getting some good vid over there too
Thank you for clarification
you know how we operate bro.
Finally started hanging stuff on the walls this week. I guess that means we live here.
Trust Issues
It's the 1-2 punch Fri Dec 16 @ Columbus 72. DJs Woody & Nelson Torres + Pete Nater & Associates LIVE. 2 rooms Salsa and Latin mix all nite
Hopefully going to Oregon For wrestling camp in the summer <3
The hottie on - Moombahtonista album (artwork by the talented ) -appears 2b claiming her baddest bitch stripes ;)
TheSecretLife is so dramatic.
Good Shabbos y'all!
Somewhere between Mr. Wizard and Martha Stewart there's me, funneling vodka into a handy to-go pouch of Capri Sun.
People are playing pranks on me at work today. I guess that means I'm fitting in.
Dead bored right now.
Not feeling too well today :(
Louisiana has had 198 officers reported. The rate of misconduct is 1777.38/100k officers. I believe LA has a high rate because..
Elizabeth I, her cousin
On my to do list.
Merry easter! tabbi gave me a pound chocolate bunny now off to church.
congrats all the people in "you, again". you earned that whole penny for getting me to sit through it.
they are awesome !! Next time they come here were there
Durant is so CLUTCH!!!
yeah about the alicia thing =P
Omw to training in ponchatoula, La ugh but I gotta get it
Hrm a lot of secrets today in Alex's USTREAM ...
f you guys y'all don't talk to me
It's awesome right?? Their buffalo bill sandwich calls my name on a daily basis. Anyways, glad you liked it!
Jim!! I've missed you here! RT : Will try tweeting again. Personally as and professionally as
Twitter is the place i can tweet about my life, obsessions, and talk to famous people, and where other people understand me unlike in RL ♥
lol i just googled it! its a taco in a chip bag?!?! lol amazing hahahhaah
you know was supposed to train w/me this summer to prepare for the #NBA debut. What's up TO? Worried about altitude?
Summer Camp will be available online tonight to book your spot!!! Don't forget to sign up for our FLASH MOB!!!
DAVID YOST hanging with MITT ROMNEY tells something about your CHARACTER. MITT ROMNEY may have MONEY but he doesn't have any MOTHER'S WIT.
Thank god Undertaker won!!!
I should get some sleep, but I just don't care enough
<~~~~ is ready for the #UNC V Wisconsin game tonight. Love me some ACC
Just finished a song called "Anywhere with You" Feeling inspired.
Before this goes any further: I'm so sorry about this, Freddie Mercury.
A job doing what?
you don't need anything to sleep in *wink face* but unfortunately yes, trying to keep up with the Joneses and all that
Also I don't believe it's accurate to say he showed no improvement in 14 games, just inconsistent.
that's why being a Cubs fan is great
You're cool. :D
I been tryna hook up with u forever! Our paths justnot crossing for some reason.
makes his debut tonight at 10:30pmCT! Tune in!
This is fabulous.
alright the weekend after that!
the problem is that the economy and jobs are on his hit list! The US has started more kinetic action with less money to waste?
JUSTIN BIEBER
Of all the girls tossing rocks at your window; I'll be the one waiting there even when it's cold.
Don't hate on the HATER that just makes YOU a HATER(:
I wear a size 16 in dress shoes and boots, and 17 in sneakers, I have a 36/37 sleeve and a 36 length pant. It's hard to shop for clothes.
I can tell you that I would probably like it.
because i'm one of your biggest Midwest fans! <3 the new show! Can't wait for episode 2 Sunday night!
DUH I ALREADY KNOW! ! LOL
Yay biker rally..
I DID ! #WANTAGH 435 days to go
talking about lessons learned from 's first 3 months of being live
Tom green: Ithica was built in the 1600's girl: it says 1951, tom green: that's the address wise ass.
Congrats to on 15th straight win tonight!! #SEC #gobigorange #SECsoftball Good Luck going for number 16 tomorrow!!
We have & currently in the house. Thank you.
Does it really matter JPB?
Point of no return! Let's get ready to Party In ,London, Dublin, Casablanca, Lisbon, Reykjavik
haha! I totally understand! : )
I like how these new campaign ads reinforce Texas' racist, xenophobic, and dishonest reputation. Thanks David Dewhurst! I forgot where I was
I, of course, do remember all of these technologies and therefore I am old.
Meat and veggies? Good cause there's no gluten and dairy. That's basically my low carb day.
Back in Texas!
In honor of Donna Summer, I will be dancing around my room belting out Hot Stuff for the rest of the day. Feel free to join me.
Oh my gosh! I just woke up D; and y'all are at Disney world?! I was actually gonna go today! Fml! Lmfao! Ah
awe thanks
awe you should move to Pennsylvania (:
i like big butts and i cannot lie.. RT if you like em' too <3
I got a maybe! Ah, progress.
I have found trial and error is best then
On "Don't Be Tardy for the Wedding," Kim said she was a size 2 pre-baby. 😳
Becoming a Fan of "DnJ" on FB. You should do the same...DnJ.
I'll send you the access so you can see the traction! Thanks for keeping us posted!
show was postponed until November :)
In a U.K. First, High Court Judge 'Likes' Facebook for Serving Legal Claims on Missing Defendant
Just found out there's a bake-off at Union Square this wknd, so I basically just found out I will be a WINNER this wknd.
thank you! :)
You know, I'm gona take back some of those things I've said about Brendan Morrison
Think about this... we have the use of the same water today that was on the earth originally millions of years ago. That’s amazing.
Military bluster by Obama to China over troops to Australia; Germany/France tense over ECB role. Unhealthy undercurrents to financial crisis
Break out the #brooms for tomorrow. GREAT win tonight for the #Cubbies!
I has! I was thinking about how I never responded to you about that :( I'm out now but as soon as I'm home I will rain compliments
but John Adams invented Tumblr. Party dude.
5am. I used to go to sleep around this time. Oh well, off to work.
Want to have your financial questions answered? Come to SMGW's SE Office tomorrow for "Meet the Banker" from 11am-12pm!
great meeting you too!!! I'm counting on you to provide a great laugh track at my next stand up gig ;)
Not the best day, but cant wait till tomorrow <3
i am upset but i`ll get over it
on my site and youtube
has it passed the senate yet? And va gov is limited to one term, so he's out regardless
our pleasure! A visit to the Playhouse is key to the best Night Out! Ch 411 on-demand
That's how #ThisIBelieve started anew, finding the 50s book on a shelf! RT I've been a fan since I found book at a friend's house.
So who do you guys like tonight? Cards or Rangers?
Our own Tom Malarkey is heading to #WPC13. We look forward to joining the conversation!
You text him, he doesn't text back. He was obviously so excited that you texted him that he fainted.
Sorry if im spamming timelines haha :p
That is dope Congrats! my dream 1day :] RT After 6 mo's of freelancing, I've taken on a F/T job editing a feature documentary.
Hi, always looking to meet new directors! Matthew
Have any of my friends read 's "Coming Apart"?
oh my god... Nipple.... pahahah
♀Live Life with a purpose and passion♀
it's gonna be me and my roommate and probably... More chill and somewhere near Whittier or Fullerton or something?
lucky u! Woman nxt 2 me thought I was a terrorist. Kept lkng @ me funny. So of course I had to play along & add 2 her nerves. Lol
RT : RT #TroyDavis' final words to MacPhail family: "I did not personally kill your son, father, and brother, findhim
I can honestly say I'm a Major Dork!! And I'm proud!
dude look up the song stuck in the middle by four year strong. its so good
lol I need to get some new threads this weekend.. Might stop in there
“: Here's to the girls who are starting to love "him" more and more each day”
We need to Boycott #ClearChannel too! They should have FIRED #STOPrush long ago! Clear Channel is responsible for him still on the Air!
Such a bad day yesterday. Why me? I already feel the pressure today
If u tweet S.A.N.D to a girl I bet she wont know what it means
I got tambourine and maybe the triangle....oh and cymbals..
WHAT'S UP !!!!!! MISS YOU !!!! did my senior project on the illuminati hahahaha
going HAM on a work night
I want free Moo cards!!!
New Find at Superior Cake Products - Black and White Cookies. Delish! Parve
That trailer is hot. Thanks for sharing. I really like the website too. Who did it for you? Nice work!
brought it. Wow!
''And i will t-bag tebow if he even thinks of GB''
Different lifestyles, different places at different times, different people with different dreams...
Sky Mall Dream Life
The Departed wins for me. Shutter Island is up there too though. You?
we need link 4 sum records IA.Def Jam Distribution locked in last year but stepped away 4 the Deen.
Does anybody get DMs saying this person said nasty stuff about you and I found a picture of you that I'm laughing at?
All jewelry 20% off. Get your favorite pieces today!
J Cole gotta somewhat unibrow ... nothing compared to Anthony Davis though (; lol
#InstantTurnOn Sense of humor
What are some of your goals for the #NewYear?
MBA thnks for all the things you've done for me ily!👊
I miss the planning tremendously! How's it going this year?
We'd love to see any photos you may have taken at our tournaments or events! Please share!
Job Link Now - Dept of Transportation (HawaiiNewsNow) - The Dept of Transportation is hiring, and Jadine Urasaki, Deputy Director, Depart
Old fashioneds, onion rings, prime rib and spilled vodka. Thanks for joining in on secret shopping Sorry bout your pants :)
#teamipad stand up
i ate monkfish liver last night at a japanese joint in town. it was better than i expected, but not something i will get again
You can follow me at my personal account for all giant baby updates.
ugh! so he said no right!?
Dark Shadows is AWESOME!!!
But of course!
Follow me back do it ,do it,you kno yah want to.lml
I saw a fat lady with a "M.O.B." tattoo on her arm. I asked "money over bitches?" She said "No, McDonalds over Burger King.
I'm not completely sure anymore either...
glad I no longer have to sit on that news! I predict great student projects in the community. Wish we were in PDX 4 my years.
Martial law imposed in #Poland 30 yrs ago today, in attempt to crush Solidarity movement; 9 yrs later, Lech Walesa elected Poland's prez
I feel safer here than in Hollywood
*fistbump* and enormous congratulations! You did it!
"he's a freaky, sexy, dirty man." - my boss re: Johnny Depp
And by new song I mean a legitimately new composition of mine which the band has never performed before!
No worries it was a great party this past Friday. Maybe come by and check it out this Friday with greg
I'm dreaming of a world where chasing money is no longer a primary objective!
JK keep being yourself. How do I use this thing? Can you teach me? How do I like something? Is this facebook?
I know May is like on warped speed!
I am just waiting for Danny Gokey! This guy is boring.
Thank You Joan Thank You Joan Thank You Joan ♥ RT! ♥
sounds great, i'd be happy to meet. Bug me again tomorrow and we'll set up a date.
great call by Terrell. Those who believe Braun got off on a technicality don't understand how to win an appeal.
Family is everything.
lol well that's you:p but eha ofnffmgmfj omfg his smile
the bread looks great - I still can't make a loaf that looks like that.
screw oysters!! Crabs it is.. Lol
It's mister banana beak to you, fuzzy
Swedish fish, sounds yummy.
Jumbo Vintage Gucci Speedy.... mint condition.
**RT2WIN CONTEST** RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see at on July 29th!
The #Jazz can't afford D-Will to go down.
hahaha yeah it was hilarious. Not many people know what the fuck I'm talking about but you did! Haha got some brownie points! :P
Twitter is the only thing my mom hasnt ruined
love it!! Jeune d'age Skincare Valentine's Day Sale! Use Redemption Code "love" for 20% off on orders over $75 until the 15th!
Please be true RT The Yankees have signed Andy Pettitte to a 1-year minor league deal worth $2.5 million.
Only solution I see for #Rockies is a motivational speech from w a baseball bat and bottle of whiskey
just finished up recording the vocals for "no more shadows" aw snap.
Had no clue that people actually laugh out loud to Fraiser.
to you that is a bad thing, to me (& a majority of SD voters in 2010) the further from unions & the closer to reform the better
Off to the retirement reception for our Dean of Libraries - congratulations and appreciation for a long and productive career!
Pissd cant even go to sleep.
I AM SO JELLY OF YOU RIGHT NOW BUT I'M HAPPY FOR YOU I HOPE I CAN MEET AUSTIN AGAIN:)
Think Like a Man was not a good movie
Come one come all to the April Fools Brawl!! Friday, April 1st at the Hi-Hat in Providence. Doors $5 admission.
what does 143 mean??
I'll blame it on being hungover then.
Went to a Chinese resturant and got seated in the back with all the white people
I'm really killing it!
Im still fine
haha who told you?
I smell like rainbows and butterflies, well at least my hurr haha
nope text me
Come on, spoiler alert cap'n - assuming this actually means something significant to the movie. I've got movie time
From : Happy birthday. Cherish every day like it's your last...and if you ever fuck with me it will be. Kisses!
thanks to for letting me jump on with him...always fun....and he laughs at my awful jokes.
Windom just pulled off as well, Darland is still not out.
I put on makeup to go sit in a dark room & listen to music.
Two words...MEGA MILLIONS! I'm feeling LUCKY! Come on!!! :-)
Bit worried about budget cuts
RT : passing islands fridays whishing I had time to stop ILOVEthatplace
u can have his head XD
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
watching harry potter and the sorcerers stone. This is my childhood.
So cool to see Matt Kuchar win The Players. Was a superb interview and friendly presence at recent
Last two days of high school >>>>>>>>>
How To Integrate ClamAV Into PureFTPd For Virus Scanning On Debian Squeeze
hehehe you are
For sure man, let me know.
I really like Koivu also (1/2 Finnish for me), but I'm also a realist that this team just lacks 1-2 players to make playoff
we are one big happy family.
and if I had a million dollars.
I woke up on the right side of my brain today.
May their soul rest in fishy heaven
Sabreena Taylor makes it happen for us!! We love ya sister!! Thank you from the bottom of our fat little hearts!!!
I read that as "Tryna find a blow job"
My daughters "ice-cream" themed party 2day. Apparently we won't need the freezer. Will rain at least hold off ?
From most managers it probably wouldn't, but I feel like Roenicke is usually more even-keeled than this.
RT Get back to basics this year; God and family. Replace bad habits with good. Eat healthy, exercise, read good books.
have a great weekend.
Can vote too??
They better not call that a Gary Cahill own goal, Crouch... Would just be another case of rabid anti-Americanism
It's so hard to say goodbye
Gr8 comments today at #ess12 #ess2012 about my paper, which examines #GITMO files
Playing tonight at Steamers in Fullerton with Peter Buck (Buck's Vibe). Dominic Thiroux (bass), Willis Clow (guitar). 8pm!
Doorknobs broken off in 2 attempted, 1 completed burglary in Scranton - Scranton Times-Tribune
Any suggestions on location? I lost the bet to Mayor Hancock of Denver.
how about a delicious panini for you and your bun? 101 Stewart near the Market.
The #Lasershow picks up pitches... LIKE A BOSS.
- Shout-out to the men of #Morehouse College in ATL.
Gotta clean out my car tonight. It's a mess!
Haha well it's supposed to snow in like an hour so I bet that's a bit different from you lol
I want a guy who's ONLY Motivaton one night is to slow dance with me and talk all night long.
They're little mini Tampico jugs, perfect for a quick thirst quench ;) Lol, we absolutely love those little guys :D
One of the most responsible things you can do as an adult is to become more of a child.
It's time to stop talking about problems of the past and embrace the future. Nathan Fletcher is our city's best choice for mayor.Pass it on!
That's because I had all that tortilla soup for dinner.
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT tomorrow at #7LV.. Make sure your at church! Meet me at 6pm for leaders meeting to be the first to know!
I just read a book like that. He set up an important meeting for Sunday, then left town and was gone until Monday. What?!?
Oops! My brothers cat is a she not a he. Haa. Her name is Sasha!
. you should be fine next week but I wouldn't push it past that! Look forward to having you and your friend!
As to the Adjective: when in doubt, strike it out. -
We Expect The Tracks Back By Wed. Next Week We Know Yall Gone Bring Some Fire 2 This Mixtape LET'S TAKEOVA! Much Love From AGP
Reading and saw Seagate Momentus recommended as upgrade for hard drive. Any experience with this? Sorry for Twitter bomb
This is pretty true....RT : As an #Aries rarely does anything slow you down.
thank you!! God bless!!!!
Acting class was especially fun tonight
I'm imagining you driving off in a sweet astrovan with those fancy doors that close themselves!
lmfao how bout I follow both of you :)
I'm a "why not" person. And you? Are you a "why" or "why not" person?
Today's work mix is a Slow and Synthy mix: a slow grinding synthy workout. Thank you, Mr. Zahl.
Sorry #JohanSantana #MetFans know your career numbers are being destroyed by our team.
One Life To Lose
If I never hear Love On Top by Beyonce again in my life, I'll die a happy man.
The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people. - Harvey S. Firestone
I love playoff hockey! What a game and its not even my team.
You look even younger than that! ; )
Kind of ironic that this is the kind of thing cloud computing is great for, and Google ships a desktop app.
Yes he is. RT : “: Pierre found his new team to be in love with. The Caps.” He's a hockey whore.
MY NAME IS SIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIID ROCK-owicz and I'm calling from Chase Bank to discuss some recent charges to your debit card
Walking by an old white haired cowboy playing a sweet rendition of "I Come To the Garden Alone" on a red accordion. Surreal, wonderful.
Just getting to work
Cubs vs Sox, NATO, FB IPO. What else could happen today? #FF to you and yours.
'The only thing, u want us 2 occupy is a spot in the unemployment line! U call urself an American- that's somethin' u earn!'-DBS
Just finished reading The Atlantic article. Hits the mark on "the epidemic of loneliness." Excellent. Thx again.
Life is Better At The Beach !
lol omfg that would drive me crazy. Shit I lock my door anyway so they have to knock.
Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose? Eliza Dushku
#acupuncture, lunch at the farmer's market, mochi
": Someone please take me to "
C reports a great quarter. Funny that idiot Mike Mayo had nothing to say for once. He reminds me of the WSJ and Barrons:
Ray Harper
I'll be BloHoHo event on Thurs & BabeHairBootcamp, & Book Launch on Saturday.
A man who suffers before it is necessary, suffers more than is necessary. -Seneca
I can always spot when she's dancing! She needs to be on our TVs more cause she's meant to perform.
I never had one of course.....(crickets)
oh dang that should be interesting..
Ready for the Blackhawks game tonight!
hope you feel better soon!
Red Velvet Cupcakes! 😍
2 years ago? Did they make the playoff's or win a playoff game? Why do you hate Tebow?
Wanted to chat with you about an opportunity for you and Gatorade. DM me your email address please.
If after I claim I have a boyfriend I don't hear a word from you, you have answered all my questions. LoL
A man named Casper homered off Pettitte. That's just wrong.
That is a really good idea. We will look into that. Thanks!
We need to get Micol on the bandwagon already. Some account ideas: or or my favorite:
I'm sure they could, but it makes sense in Charlotte with the Hall of Fame and most teams being based there.
Brain Floss: Dentures were common wedding gifts in the British Isles because many people had teeth extracted prematurely.
I've been called many things, but that's a first for veggie superhero. Thanks!
Work today ughh !
Scared the hell out of me though. I can't even lie.
yes! From Reem. I think it's a virus.
If it wasn't for my dad
Music is always real to those who take time to listen
I want. I don't know what I want, but I want... ♥
Character without Competence = Cheer Leader | Competence without Character = Mis-Leader
perhaps we'll hit on a Foursquare Day Pub Crawl!
a big fan!! thanks!!
Sure, come on down.
thank you! I am so amazed by this whole experience!
I haven't been feeling well but it's been okay!! Lol
shoes for brother's wedding: acquired!
very cool - where did you scan??
We have had a lot of fun, and met many awesome acts throughout the year. We are wishing all the happiest of holidays and new year!
: CAN-SPAM implications for Twitter and Facebook messages as well as email.
love it! Enjoy
advertisting discontent; or some other reference from days gone by.
much appreciated sir, safe travels!!! RT : Straight from the studio, on way to then back to the studio...
Doesn't Santa come in December??
There's marketing in everything, it's not nec a dirty word! Doesn't have to be separate from engagement
Converted a classic ASP page to .NETusing nested repeaters. Making no other changes, went from 45 second load time to 14!!! SWEET!
As each minute if I forget you, every second that passes is as if you were here with me, as if you were at all times to me, is you think
Nobody usually makes me this happy, I'm so lucky (:
is SOO Beautiful!(: I cant believe it <33 I LOVE HER
Seahawks vs Saints!
swag swag swag on you
like i told you before you wouldnt even know if i did
this kid is a natural. He's been kicking everything in sight since he could stand. He has a distance of about 15 yards already.
happy birthday
dj Cyn spinnin at Cecilia's Sunday funday come hang out with us!!
everybody's got to have a claim to fame. In this case, the credit goes to my students.
Inspirational beings...
Does your organization's vision align with it's mission? With the stated values?
Heaven now available on Itunes!
- we're considering joining the dark side. would you go 13 or 15 inch for macbook pros?
Thanks for supporting Autism Speaks!
Note to self when u hungry stay away from the ethnic side of town....smh I'm taking my butt Gwinnett (east of duluth) or Alpharetta
im almost done with my spring homework. one im on my last essy :)
thanks for the Followback man appreciated :D
that happens to me a lot....
I just finished a 3.41 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
you too enjoy
Wonderful work you are doing in Indy! Congratulations for remembering your roots. We need more like you.
Now following u back
What a game!!!!
slow down short hair don't care
whose the wise ass
Blush tones are in tonight at the #GoldenGlobes. Do you dig it or no?
Need more followers >.<
Me too! Love you girls RT : Had a blast last night with and
Looking for a better way to monitor your club members #training ? Visit our site and check out our online #training plan!
Thank you! I just did!
Last wknd to see 's Merchant of Venice. Get your pound now. #LAThtr and #ff them too.
Peyton Manning, and all his bandwagon Colts fans, are free agents. Whatever team signs him will increase its fan base by 1,000 percent!
Why do we put suits in a garment bag and put garments in a suitcase?
I shop too much....
This DJ can suck my taint!
Can't sleep.... Got a lot on my mind
Is there anybody out there ?
who cares.. How was my game yesterday?
Lawyers are predators in grey worsted.
THAT'S some real shit!
now u know u would b upset of we had the baby all weekend!
ESPN had this 4 train montage start in Union Square, which is probably the part of Manhattan where people care LEAST about the Yankees
77% of consumers prefer social login
conversation with mother: "Casey, don't grow up and have friends." "Why do you say that?" "Because they're such assholes."
no problem and back at ya:)
Slogging through layers of bureaucracy at City Hall. Knee deep in forms, taxes, and cryptic business documents. Survived. Phew!
Pony's today!
Lol aww that sucks ive been good how about you?
Yeah I was expecting Sarah's response to be more like yours!
...Raheem gets me through the workday..each and everyday...thank you..
We are hiring for all positions in our new NY Headquarters. Message if interested.
Dolly Parton at the bowl. Yep.
we have a "basket hunt". All clues are drawn and everyone has their own set to follow. Oh and we're competitive, so it's timed! Ha!
yes she is
The Lord works in mysterious ways. One day your parents are here and the next they are gone. Be there for loved ones bc you never know..
I wish I had enough money to work with I would spend my last penny just do a song with him
you gotta come out oct 8!
follow back?
I'm on a roll & squeezing in 'See Girl Run' into an already packed day. #sxsw is exhausting!
Lack of communication can be the demise of relationships... (business, personal, etc)
Mayne just hit SoS.a verse again on the mic pass!
I didn't see the announcement in the last listserv. When does it begin?
I Know bro I wasn't talkin shit. Just needs work or your sound bro
o shit big news coming....
ok good! I was sad there for a second
Got a charity game on friday,promise i wont make an ass of myself
Well, that's one way to get an extra 40 minutes of sleep…
Hi there im a true Cena Girl Fan i believe in him entirely and im always having his back when i catch people hatin on him
I feel like sitting around a campfire & drinking beers
I discovered last night that I can't get the CW on FiOS in Maryland. Looks like it's a retrans fight reaching back to December. Irksome.
FINALLY leacin nashville !!! Headinggf home (: onlyy the LONGEST trip too Arkansas EVER
that's the one.
Goodnight my tweepz...its been 'fun'....
These are giving me the heart palpitations, what a game!
Well I mean out out. I'm leaving now. #sn I can't taste what's in my cup.
Ha, never heard of this. Interesting, but Amazon reviews suggest they cause more problems than they solve.
ah cool how was your week?
It's much to be soon to fucking up Whitney at karaoke. If you're reading this yes I'm talking to you, Igor.
I guess that worked out well for you. Are you just searching the internet looking for beta signups? Maybe I should too? :p lol
Good idea! Would make a great case study for a class.
Soak away the Winter in a skin nurturing mineral bath. Your body will thank you.
Glad I'm not a capitals fan. seems too painful
thank you :)
I have a whole bunch of stuff saved I want to share with you, but I think I'll wait.
Wow!I take it all out on myself&my Mom thinks I'm mad at HER!! asdaklifj NO!! I'M NOT MAD AT YOU MOM!! I'M FUCKING PISSED OFF AT MYSELF!!
RT : I want to thank all the mothers that birthed my friends. Great additions to society...most of them!---I'll let her know lol
i want food
What a hell of a game**
Get your hotrods ready to rumble cause we're gonna drink until we die.
It's Friday afternoon. Time to kick off a "functional programming ad campaign". Who's with me? Hashtag is
Another long, busy day 🚥
Perfect work from home oppty! Part time/full time; earn extra $$$ in time for the holidays. Inbox me for details or visit...
I hate when a teacher lecture about shit that doesn't even have anything to do with the class...
We'll one up you by saying we love you!!! Thanks so much for the support!
so cool! have fun
Bills rookie receiver TJ Graham will be on the show at 4:05
I love the voice.
Mizzou victory on Friday. Copy that. Over and out.
I need more followers :(
given out anytime...plus a lot more VERY soon.
mane aint saw dem n a min lol
#Follow cuz I just saw her on my TL and she is sexy ;)
I fricken hate my life so much. I wish it was easy.
Wow! This guy from small town Texas needs to go to anger management classes.
Higher ed needs more money. That's all there is to it. Well, not all. It needs restructuring but nobody is gonna go for that.
First parent/child talk that was actually helpful for me. Apparently I've been through too many near death experiences now.
excited is an understatement.
Oh how I'd love to get a massage right now. No luck. :-P
Heading to my college football game!!! SWEET. Go UK
The one about building a great LinkedIn profile.
The radio only plays annoying shit and almost always Rihanna _-_
Yes!!! Hair model...I've done it!! Lmao ": "There's gotta be a job where I just sit, and someone does my hair, & I get paid."
Finally #bullymovie will premiere here in Miami tomorrow at the Regals In SouthBeach. Cant wait!
He's mentioned in several other novels set during the time. It's a great story and insanely turbulent time.
Also, can someone in Japan ship me a green tea white chocolate bagel? Honey walnut cream cheese? It's all I ever want these days. :(
I miss you!!!
Working on ALA e-petition process and getting ready for ALA CONNECT meeting tomorrow -- with a break for Tai Chi first.
knees shaking, palms sweating.. I must be going to the dentist
Feel big things ahead - either finishing a novel or getting assigned a crush of jobs at work. Will be a telling week...
Great news -- thanks!
Leave my tires alone, stinky.
Sipping on this "sobe life water". It's no bueno.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. - David Brinkley
Chipotle sounds so good right now.
Countdown to our new rooftop patio opening tomorrow Check out #livemusic, Corona sampling, Thursday
I hate school
Thanks for the love!!!
#SophomoreYearTaughtMe I got haters. Oh well, Its all good 😏👌✌
when will Hollins clear waivers? is there enough time to sign him before friday playoffs deadline?
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Bush Back
I've hit my follow limit whhaaattt!!! Come on tweethearts this diva need some help here!
It's time to pull out your summer annuals. Today is a lovely day to do it. Clear skies and warm sunny afternoon!
The Spirit is the real, living presence and the power of the Father working in us. Therefore, it is he who knows that the Spirit is in him …
LMAO at how many ppl on my timbeline just asked what was going on with Nicki Minaj!!
They don't show it, but they let you know it
for running, yes... For crossfit?
Bro you wrong man lol,
If you're at #SXSW today, ' doc "The Announcement" screening is today. Check it out before it airs tomorrow (9 pm ET on ESPN).
That's right, BMOFAB today!
I had a #dream. I had an awesome #dream. Can you name the title and artist?
did Al really just snag a foul ball, wtf. ?
we need ur help in #Austin... We need u to train our officers about normal/ healthy dog behavior
About to go into a meeting /about/ another meeting I had earlier. Yeah...pretty much...
Waiting for the Solyndra avalanche of hate
Same here. May have driven my son away from programming
Ever since Lauryn Hill was with Rohan, she changed.. She lost her focus - or she just didn't care about making music anymore. :(
War kills with your silent consent; we must speak up against it. ~Ghandi
he's so cute! He even has my nose which is weird lol
Jim Harbaugh is my favorite coach in the NFL...what an amazing victory today against the team I thought would win it all this year
Spent the day in KC with & Started the day with a Bocce match at KC Bocce Club followed by 's BBQ Crawl
Feels like a good day for some Pi... :)
Just got approved for kickstarter! Time to start living up to our St. Pete hometown status and beg for some funding <3
Currently have one spot left for coaching this summer. Give a holla if your interested.
Yea, I've been too! I'm in England right now, but I also spend a lot of time in LA. ;)
I bought one of those alarm clocks that wakes you up by gradually making the music louder'''I kinda like it
glad you are upright. Have a great weekend!
i can try
Thanks for following me! I love the "Only One" single!
During halftime, we've moved over and are cheering on the Columbus Crew youth bc they cheered for us last night.
MT : Big thanks to for the excellent presentation in #CO101 this morning. Great advice and insight!
bingo! for bonus points, which side?
Watching doc on ban of ethnic studies in #Tucson at #nahjnm2012 . Did u know 93% of students who take such courses graduate high school?
the rebirth
'Melo misses wide open 3, sulks, lets D-Wade run by him on the break for easy lay-up. That's why he has the worst playoff record
Just got my computer all fixed up....Took them 2 hrs over internet... www.mycomputerworks.com mcw
I knew that nap after work was a BIG mistake. Now I can't sleep to save me! LORD, HELP!
the way these jeans fit >>> .
Careful what you wish for...
I've been on that too. :O
Sorry for late response. We've not tweeted live surgeries but we photographed the 1st gastric plication. Photos on FB. Good idea
I meant physically possible. Shit.
I'm so freakin upset right now
My dog really needs to stop farting cus my room stinks -_-
OMG your clothes are so fabulous that I can not resist!!!
yes bruh and he a hoeeeee she want to fuck the crew!
"I didn't come here to play it safe" Untucked Unprotected
Bulls gone fishin'
I just heard the emergency broadcast system tell me about my real emergency rather than the test of the EBC and it was eerily scary!
Everywhere I look I see similarities of you.
One of my favorite baseball players of all time went down for the season today. His career might be done. I'm growing up.
tell grandma to adjust that aperture
OH SNAP!!! RT : That's "for Laura and me," mister. (At last, a way to feel superior!)
eek!!! What do they do for ya?? Heard someone talk about em once
thanks for the wrangler shot out!
"instead of creating jobs, they have launched a war on women" - Sen. Maria Cantwell. Great to see EL wmn fighting back.
they are. superstar NHL forward doesn't guarantee wins -- nevermind Cup -- anymore. All about goalies baby
I hate you...
NICE! You crack me up!
#2012 Candidate and pro Pot proponent Gary Johnson in DC today at the National Press Club
Alicia keys
he's on his •
Thanks Kathi - I've never tried Google Hangouts - I'll play around with it. What "extras" do you recommend?
I've been a fan of you since 2009. Follow?<3 Love u
R.I.P. Mr. Bob Marley, wild that a toe injury turned into brain cancer. Doobs Up 2nite for Bob -_- cc:
I guess I'll go to bed now and write in my journal.
does this have anything to do with the tweet about pubes?
Jadakiss Consignment tape is fire
Not yet...but any day now!! “: did you get your card?!”
which is your subway map app of choice?
I went from sleepin in a cell, to sleepin on a jet
u still talking to him
Tech Support: your ISPs way of expressing their hatred towards you
There's a budget 4 KLCS? Really? Let's flip #LAUSD's TV station in2 something 2generate revenue! Sell some shamwows or something!
I love my baby mamas, they get my highest honor
Awesome! How has it gone? RT : - i have been trying to switch all of my products to turkey
Im going to get some rest and study for this psychology and work on these papers
Looks like I have long day at the yard tomorrow. Checking both ends of single admin DH off my bucket list.
that be tite if we really made a chic.
Took my box over to my new desk in ILL today... looking forward to joining that office and learning some new stuff next week!
no you're not lol
Saw your youngster on the range today. If only we could get him some coaching! Young man is in good hands.
AH, SORRY! I just fixed it!
Fast Five... turned out to be a good movie
Getting excited for race weekend
nah that's a reach. They'll beat Indiana this series but if not...
You know what would be really sweet? Could we all possibly make #RockTheInk a trending topic? You down for the challenge!?
thanks so much Cathy! Ray & Joe are awesome ! If ur interested the 'Miseducated' album's available from me direct.
This nappy headed girl called me balled head. Like serious? Last time I checked my hair was passed my shoulders. Where is yours? To your ear
Facebook down, guess I'll b a tweet head for a lil while. Happy Easter everyone!
If you can't handle my worst , you're not getting my best !
I'm Sorry Sweetie
will keep my fingers crossed for you too! :)
Not a cloud in the sky this morning! Don't get to say that too often in Indiana :) Perfect day for the race track!
if you are a small business leader, message me. i'm new but i have some ideas to market my MLM to small business owners globally...
I love 3yr old logic. Corvin wants cookies for breakfast, I tell him NO, so he automatically assumes we must be out of cookies.
stop by at the back side of new orleans across from the deja vu strip club to get one of pops famius philly cheesesteaks ill be here til 3am
Perfect day for the beach! Getting ready for a great weekend. Air and Water show this Saturday and Sunday. Make your plans early!
I'm always this chill.... with assistance!
Some foods that contain vitamin C include red bell peppers, broccoli, guava, oranges, orange juice, papaya, and strawberries.
your mom rocks.
Thank You Joan for ♥
Additionally, you provide a rational reason for speeding and you may be able to get the mercy of the court
#FF <some of my talented&inspiring classmates! imdb.me/lindsayhopper
what size shirt are ya? We will be at convention center today w your
And, just to cap off the night, the remote died. Yup, callin' it quits. Night, all!
I know but it was crap they don't need to say I was lying
The Reno fire station in Stead is open today for a six-day trial period. City will open it July.
I know your type.
go work at kroger for me then
I want to win a #snackattack from this afternoon!
I don't like seeing people sad ..
Networking is the key to every business. Smart Business Networking is the blood that makes it work.
My dad always seems to get me in the worst possible mood all the time
Thanks, Glenn - you too. RT have à Nice week my friend:-))
are you watching the Mexican elections debate??? HAHA
Thanks to all who stopped by during #tasteofmadison this weekend! Was a ton of fun, already looking forward to next year!
send me some tracks
Yes. Thanks.
I wish I could get online with this Nintendo, and bully some chumps in some Tecmo Bowl.
who is your sister
First clue: The card has been seen around an airport in New York City!
yeah son. love watching sportscenter this morning
A2: Do they deserve it?
when do you graduate? and I didn't start school until like the last week in august.
I asked my dog why He's enthusiastically A dog and got licked.
No player hating here, Kobe is 1 of the greatest player player out there!
RT RT : Databases arent cheap but FREE at library!
“: yes you are: mind officials blown. Thanks Chris!”killer!
Sell in May and walk away.
Priorities changing, mind set reforming, life progression. Life has really set in
I swear I'm never going 2 this corner store alone
Im still pretty good at poker #LiveHoldEmPoker App. Started with 12k and 1hr later Im just under 300k
Ok, 1 scenario RT : “: Can't imagine any scenario for riding streetcar btween #pdx & LO" Better panhandling opportunities?
Very sad to learn that is leaving us. He's been an excellent leader, visionary, and source of great things. You will be missed!
how was the draft
Jo-Ann great to meet you!
hey : are right. Bjork packs big emotion & intensity in her voice. + gotta love Bjork's original zany fun love style.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 6
Re: early xmas. Were you a very bad boy, cause, well, Santa must hate you.
If you message us please make it for business purposes only
When Harry met Big Sally
PLEASE STOP SINGING LIKE UR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT
Even with an utterly weird audience that was delightful. Amazing production. Truly breathtaking.
I'm done for tonight #Orioles . Over to nfl network and the original hard knocks marathon
I suggested a mohawk after game 4 but that idea was met with silence.
Apple for me, plz! Ala mode. Oh, yeah. -->RT : RT : Happy Pi Day to you and yours! 3.145928
nah, they just can't find any open wireless networks
I love this list. We were just tweeting about Barry Smith's #Avengers books.
omigosh, I do that all the time...
For the markets wasn't there a song Slip Sliding Away. Bids dropping. Time to increase the hedge and short lines.
LITA presentation (Unlocking Your ILS Data : Mobile access via handheld devices) almost finished. Will do a preview for Library staff.
don't be chicken...you're an adult ...act like it...turn up and put em on tha glass Mamas!
Who has dunk of the year so far? LeBron James dunk/ally oop over John Lucas (5'11). Or Blake Griffin's dunk over Kendrick Perkins (6'10)???
hi Nash :) my daughter and I can't wait to see you guys in concert in Chicago!!
it's not perfect. There are some awkward moments. Overall though I think a success. I'm going to see it again in the theater.
Myths are public dreams, dreams are private myths
How do i get pics on TWITTER ..? Soo i can SHOW all u guys my CUTE lil puppy CLOE...!!! LOL
Since when did me not wanting to tell you my name mean I'm conceited ?
An AKA step show and not a skee wee to be heard. So sad right now. :-(
i will definatly pick one up
That's awesome. Would love to see the #GreenMonster in person.
Thanks for inviting us over! We had a great time. cc:
If you can't have the one you love , than love the one you have...
Guuurl. Preach it.
I am gonna to try to wear purple everyday this week for
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-79
isn't that the function of most info graphics- the illusion of objectivity.
you should already know!
My cousin gave it to me when I was like, 5.
BEST TIME EVER
Thanks for the special gifts you shipped me. I'll be sure to share one with the office to continue spreading the good word!
so lean. so clean. very mean. all those things.
you crazy bro!
About 35 pp into THE DESCENDANTS by Kaui Hart Hemmings - I like it so far.
I love you this big!(:
welcome to twitter my love! looking forward to seeing you on Scandal
Obama spoke out on gay marriage? Forget the 3.5 years of silence and the fact that there's an election in 7 months...
Cherry coke and reese cup juss saved my life.
#beyondearth First session looks @ how we leave earth & how we will do it in the future. What do you think?
You know you're real b#tch when you realize you're wrong but still arguing because you refuse to admit it...lol
My 400th tweet! I better think of something good to say!
Multipurpose publishing can be achieved very easily, using your existing technology with very little change to your current workflow.
I accept your hypothesis! Why not indeed!
you got my message Bruh
Thank you. Flattery will get you everywhere.
Many laws as certainly make bad men, as bad men make many laws. ~Walter Savage Landor
Anyone wanna get rid of their Of Montreal tickets? Eh? Eh??
Kissin U is my favorite Miranda Cosgrove song.
T1 - feel like they would have to employ standards for using SM. online content can easily be misunderstood, so caution & care is imp
get back with me i dont know where i will be or doing right now
RT I'm feeling like war tonight. Especially fiesty. Bring it.>>>OK.Final Score.Union 1...Rebs 0
lots of things come into my mind all i can do is laugh! XD
Didn't get any sleep last night bc it stormed hella bad.. Now have to go to school! :/
no thanks haha
I see u tatted foreal cuzzin
finna go 2 olive garden and then ima go hit
Kambale: ICTs are only used to monitor election violence and report on poll credibility, how can we expand ICT use i elections?
Bottom line, I am a poor target market for for-profit journalism. I am ambivelent w.r.t. its survival.
#AlondraH18 sorry for the absence, we are focusing more on #JulieFoudy. We here in the background if you need us though :)
its pretty good
NBC Sports, USA Today and ESPN all have Indiana at Number 1 in the preseason polls. Indiana is back!
"You have to do it yourself, no one else will do it for you. You must work out your own salvation."
OK! When are you around downtown?
Back from vacay. CD release party at the Hody tonight if you're in the area.
RUSH Community Service Event TOMORROW (Saturday) at the American Cancer Society-Buffalo Hope Lodge. Come out to Rush AKPsi!
yyyyyeeessssssss “: Tommorrow Starts a New Season for the Pack. #GoPackGo”
Relaxing productive day , can't complain a bit ;)
that's why I don't do stuff with you dad..
Love that a guy in a white minivan with a Strange Music sticker is cranking doowop.
#np 'Paradise Circus' Massive Attack #wynetyme (I'm so addicted the chess game on my phone...)
I call it being highly educated lol
I can't believe I woke up before 8:00 am on a summer D:
Another lesson from the book of Daniel. Fully engage in your work and your work environment.
Client interviews all day today. Strategic guidance will lead to targeted design.
My short excursion to the National Mall turned out to be so simple. Silly fears...
The smartest use of Twitter for marketing is... Just press and hold your J key and watch the magic unfold
lol that wasn't even supposed to happen. Some unreliable cast members caused some changes. Worked out tho :)...& LA is the plan
Thank you so much! Let's do an interview about it soon for the new CD...
#RIP MCA. You will be missed greatly.
Lines moving quick lol get your tickets and get out
you know I love you, right?
yeah im living up in atx for the summer!
Orange County is another planet - a funny, strange and different planet. One day of training down!!!
if you learn one thing from me today.... it should be don't give john travolta a massage
Beach sound good today
RT Still getting use to this iPhone 
so my other account now says
ikno it's makin you feel like you have the best grade ever lmaoo
get a blanket!
I can't believe that's a real site.
ROCK OF AGES opening tonight, now thru Sunday... We are offering $20 rush tickets! Come see Constantine tear up the stage!
We should add you to the payroll sir, you're keeping us busy!
Goin to sleep cuz this headache is killing me :/
Figure your life out
Sounds good!
GOOD AFTERNOON WARRIORS, HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Total HR's collectively hit by every Padres player in Petco in 2012 - 6 HR's hit by Braun by himself in one game tonight at Petco - 3
You're far too kind, man.
It's that time of the year again! Come out to our first general body meeting at 5:00pm in Admin 304!! RT RT!
aviation and astronautics!? I have a friend who engineers flying cars. What do you do?
hehe I know it would be a great tour with you two
Eric Reed at Studio 281, Atlanta's best jazz club. THAT SWING IS LIKE NOURISHMENT!
It's about to get clucky up in here.
New "Success Coach Training and Certification" class starts in Tampa next Wednesday the 17th.
What a great party !
just went to htc1x from iphone. Can you decrease the size of your music library on double twist like you can in iTunes?
#FULLCOURTLIFE so I'm wondering if she's going to have a baby
just listening to my grandma's favorite song, sitting here thinking about her.. God, I miss her.
It's game day! If you're in Boston, join us at Noon for #UConnFootball or 3:15p for #UConnBasketball. Or both!
RT : OH: IT guy: "When did you submit that ticket?" Eng: "A week ago." IT: "That's like 3 hours in IT time. We'll get to it." < LOL
A chance run in with the week before last and a sidewalk spotting of today - now, to combine our powers...
so great seeing u
You bet! Thanks for the RT.
It smells like greasy ground beef outside. How does that happen?
#WhatsUrPriceDoe RT:Blah blah blah blah blah.... he talkin to me like Im dumb.
Why do guys treat the good faithful girls like crap? Obviously you deserve a good kick in the nuts you AHole!
>>>>>> PLEASE #Follow <<<<<< Itz Alleyway TO Broadway
Hope everyone is having a great day! Raining in Orlando but sun is always shinning for Solis!www.SolisEnergy.com
Thanks for the shout-out! I had a lot of fun! is a beautiful library and I hope to work with you more!
My lil man scored a 200 on his advance math entrance exam, way to go lil man (Jarius)
I believe the greater the handicap, the greater the triumph.
Hey Dear, Good Morning:)
Everyone go check out our friends in !
To all the eye care professionals out there, we'd like your opinion - what do you look for in an ocular vitamin?
We Love Miss Gomez
thanks friend! cant WAIT til next weekend!!
And, great job!
that point was more about the way the field evolves, and that there are connections that can be made. thanks.
I tried
Horrible news at Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys has died at the age of 48!!!
So my showers broken... This is the worst thing EVER...
Bout to head into this club.
One of the family dogs is really starting to show effects of doggie dementia...the worst is when he wobbly stands and stares off into space.
did you get a chance to listen to us? :D
If I sit any longer in this damn bank, im go SCREAM!!
“: I have a homework assignment and I need magazines. Do you have any I can have?”---Do U want me to bring tmrw?
No worries at all :-) DM'ing you now
So, is in Twitter jail. Tweet her on
I'm exhausted. Dealt with RWNJ client today insisting on talking abt politics. So obvious every view & tlkng point came straight from faux.
ST. PATTY'S DAY SPECIAL!! GET $5 OFF ALL ANTIVIRUS SOFTWARE (INSTALLED) IF YOU COME DOWN TO OUR WALK IN COMPUTER CLINIC SAT 3/17! ^jl
Recall coming up. Going have to figure out fast, easy, non-fattening recipes
Happy Mara Monday Thomas !! I cant wait for T-Money Tuesday ! ♥
even tho l am dead ass tired.
UH 100 meter shuttle hurdles team posts second place finish at Penn Relays
Well duh :)
I had them at 17-0...never heard of this "Bye" team, but I think the Pack takes them down.
thank you!!! Of course let's do something!!!
I love my roommates
"If you want it done right do it yourself" is leader-follower. Don't get trapped in that mentality.
I paid $4.49 today. Ouch.
Jim Harbaugh needs to teach his receivers how to pick defenders. It's not like you're crack backing them lol
Time to take prod. to a whole new level, taking the plunge to implement full blown GTD. Unfortunately productivity will plunge intitially
excellent observation...applies to our children too, right!? :)
Lunch w Jen oh wo :)
u failed
Best night ever! Thank you for signing my arm because your brother wouldn't let you sign his!:) haha:)
Numbness wearin off
YOU EAT BUTT .
how is it not real?
Play in the rain or study?
youre mean, but thats okay because im dating Naya
me..but im crying right now :/
NO CLASS TMRW! But make sure to go to tonight, 7p at studio702 & class sunday, 6p at the dance zone!
I didn't know #flightoftheconcords wrote muppet song; how cool!
": you need to spend the night at my house again ;D" Soon<3 I promise. :]
I'm pulling for the Rangers and Mac is pulling for the Giants...hm, sounds like a friendly wager may be in order!
This website hasn't been updated in 15 years, yet it is still amazing ( i think you'll like it too)
This is my time now. Watch me stay strong.
I'd say when you get the bigger paycheck... but every step in between calls for a margarita or two, as well! Congrats!
Looking to get some lunch? We've got a delicious house made veggie burger with gruyere, mustard slaw, and mama lil's peppers.
haha no not at all man. That's a good thing! It's good to have a new friend in the business. Please keep in touch!
They're sloppy fighters, it's so funny. I'm at the ref desk for another half hour, I'll catch up when I get home
aw, why a sad face? & cool!
Day 7 of voting! If we get to at LEAST #30 in the rankings, we will post a special video!
Today's friday! #heckyeah!
": Who dates Sam Jackson?"Motherfuckers!!!
It was great to sit down w/ this afternoon. Brilliant business mind & fantastic guy. Much appreciated. Love the drive & hustle.
#healthtip: Go ahead, dance,we promise no one is watching! dancing builds muscle strength, improves coordination & boosts the immune syste
Wonder what the BHO campaign figured the net votes - and how much more donations - he'd get by "evolving."
Too nice to people. I let people come in my home drink my liquor.
Women want to give that special, spicy gift to their sweethearts, but shooting w/ OSP also gives them a more empowered sense of self.
It matters not what goal you seek Its secret here reposes You've got to dig from week to week To get Results or Roses.
99% of guys are hot the other 1% go to my school.
reading Best Friends Forever and re-impressed by how well you write. I read alot...and I think you are among the best...
You think you can maybe follow me...?(: Or tweet me? Or anything<3
You coming? RT : - there's always next month - Saturday, November 19th
WERE OPEN ON SUNDAYS!! SALON/FULL BARBER SERVICE Come out #Oakland #Uptown 1738 Telegraph 5108321100 #Weave #HairCuts #MakeUp Too!
Start your week off right–today only, mention this message for a free taste of the most expensive wine on our menu–Betz Family Syrah!
Thanks for the love! Consider it reciprocated! RT Love what you guys are doing over there. Keep up the good work!
Oh ok
woot thank you!
Aren't they fantastic?
RT : We are hiring - come and join the User Experience Design team at the Guardian bit.ly/or0h8y
that's so gross. He looks much better than that in real life.
Tim Tim Tim..
He's got my vote! :)
- take your time LOL
Has gender equality really been achieved? I have my doubts about it.
I always like discovering the new stuff.
I have password fatigue. So tired of ridiculous requirements. Capital letters! Numbers! Special characters! Expire every 2 days!
don't worry hun it won't end.
if I lay here if I just lay here would you lie with me and just forget the world
I'm gonna call you.
Going to sleep early tonite God bless you guys dont forget to pray<3
Mayweather vs. Ortiz tonight! How many rounds is it gonna go??
Easy Rider
why r u so fit huh???
Good looking out RT : #FF Fellas'
RT : Don't be so upset about how far you still have to go; be excited about how far you've come!
I HATE my brother.
The quality of online recipes is hit and miss. Just read one that advised me to slice a sweet potato into thin layers using a mandolin.
Am I the only 1 who has old bags lying arnd full of crap I'll never use? Dry pens, receipts, etc?
Why can't I just be a normal teenager
From math textbook by the company works for: "aaron did 2/3 of the work. bria helped him with 1/6 of what he did." doubtful.
Watching a movie called silence..
potential Dadaist parlor game for academics: connect any four consecutive entries in a randomly selected bibliography
um my thoughts are you shouldn't be driving a smart car lol....aren't you alittle too big?
Closer to my homie newest album I cant wait to cop my album!
♥ she makes me happy i know where i'll be right by your side cause she is the one for me ♥♥♥♥♥
Hope you get to celebrate with more homers tonight. Had we been home last night your slide would have been on fire!!
Havent been up this early in so long... It's terrible.
I MISS YOU SO MUCH!
Q. What do Fred Flintstone and Osama Bin Laden have in common? A. They both look out their caves and see rubble.
If this had come out earlier, Mitt could've used it as selling point w/ voters as example of being more anti-gay than Santorum.
Can't get out of bed for nothing. Ah
that would be fabulous! I think you'd love it here :)
My next blog is going to be on how to create a twitter background easy and free using powerpoint.
Time 2 check! RT : Avoid using the words "sign up" on web buttns & links. Instead let the link say wht they're signing up 4.
Can 2 fans of show take you guys to a high school hoop game in Indy on Fri nite?
I hope Jersey Guy doesn't have chemo every Tuesday. Last week he sat in the quiet room and argued with his daughter non-stop.
I agree! -> RT : "The richest people in the world build networks. Everyone else is trained to look for work." ~R. Kiosaki
Dumb ass lmao RT : I told to smoke a dick last night.lmfao.
Petraeus "will not ever run for office." Honesty or MacArthurian dissembling?
Been doing alright- getting by. What about yourself?
Gratitude is a sign of noble souls.
yeah i bet ur wondering were am i
An amazing job by our Student Panel today. Follow them.
hahaha im not just miss the good ole days we had to much fun togetha
I need a glass of wine and a nap ASAP before I have a nervous breakdown!!
lol my side
Oh thanks :D lol
If you're out of bed already, we clearly have a different type of blankets.
Yup RT it appears as though everything in amazon's gold box for today is horrible. except for the ps3. that's a good deal.
Heading back to Chicago from interviews in Fort Wayne
#ThingsILookFor The dream i had when i was a child.
Sorry thought it was a joke. Lol
Not looking forward to cutting the grass this afternoon
This week we are integrating the network audio tracks with the VISij time-series movies to see might be gained by adding audio to video.
you two should talk to ... He knows that stuff ...
"You know what I wanna watch? The show that gives me an extra ten hours tonight." -- me, to
#Orioles have taken prices for tickets off of their website. They can't possibly consider raising them can they?
I don't know about the moral implications of this, but I'm laughing my ass off. This helps cope with my anger over
Off to NYLA conference tomorrow. Should be fun!
Just got done eating lunch... o.O
HOW WAS IT?! :D
#APRIL BABIES stand up! We make a difference in this Little World
Hispanic populations projected to surpass Asians and African Americans by 2050
: Happy Holidays to you as well! How did the Bugg tour go?
“: will take another team to the next level and is a better long-term asset. IMO” interesting
Thanks , , , , #CicadaRadio, #NoPasaran, and #SecretCountry for one hell of a night.
I heard they are thinking of changing the court at HecEd to paper because the #Huskies always look better on paper...
yeah, I always ripped them off of the DVD cases. I happened to rip one off of a blu-ray case the other day. No worries anymore.
hmm, #oomf keeps subtweeting me. wonder why he doesn't just tag me? (:
Enjoy the show? :-)
I think our #6 ranked Men's golf team deserves a shout out...
Cheering for a #vandy win.
Like that's a shocker. RT “My dad is not a surrogate for Romney…will not be…stumping for him in the general." -
Come to me... RT : I like fat guys. I feel safe when I'm with them.
Nag Champa fills the air in the Femme Cave
when you see my face hope it gives you hell,hope it gives you hell.<3
This is the most excitement involving horses since Peyton Manning left the Colts for the Broncos.
THE BEST PART OF WAKING UP IS MONEY N THE BANK!!!
Had a killer yoga class with at the office today. It seems wrong to now want a cupcake, really really badly.
Sure thing. Signed up for updates for ventribe. Intrigued. Have a good weekend.
I absolutely love love it!!
just don't become a Bulldog fan. Lol!!
That episode of #Glee makes me want to die :(
H-1B & L-1A/B visa holders must track travel outside US & keep travel documentation to prove time outside US enabling recapture of time.
"Community can be used to build great products" -
I can't wait till I die, so god can tell me my lifetime field goal percentage.
hello? is it me your looking for i can see it in your eyes i can see it in your smile ;D
Just got accepted at the istandard producer showcase if all goes well ill b there
You're welcome. That totally makes up for the lack of grant funding for having put my life on the line for this reportage.
#GoTribe roll tribe roll n f*ck the heat
im textin u goofy u aint gettin a good night mention u get a good night text or phone call
Lucky!! Im still waiting the day to meet my future husband :D anyway Congrats (:
ugh I wish you could talk... :/ im having the worst day of my life not even kidding
ja vi a msg no fb :)
Those who want more choice can pay more for that luxury. Essential coverage a greater good than access to MGH.
RT []: People in the inner city of Milwaukee want jobs and don't want to be ignored between elections.
It's not Memphis but "The Dip" aka Velvet Cream in Hernando is awesome.
AH! Dexter returns with an all-new season on Sunday, September 30th at 9PM ET/PT
My bad. How I met your mother*
Look around and notice how people have become so mechanical in every area of their lives
News Alert: Read The Role of Congress in Education Policy by DFER's Charles Barone & Elizabeth DeBray
awesome! You should come to Omaha, NE :)
thanks for the help!
MN #Twins had 5 hits tonight. Former #Twins SS JJ Hardy had 5 hits himself today including 2 HRs. I miss him.
People are saying that our campaign has become a real whirlwind. I'm sure by now you have heard about "Hurricane Lisa!"
Teaching all day at Peabody
": If only I cared"
Yep. Quilted Northern too. RT : Just curious if anyone besides me stopped buying Johnsonville Brats for political reasons?
My two cents is that rejuvenation is just as important as $.
YAY to dinner parties!! Have a blast! XOXO
+ !!! RT : Every moment life gives us is a fresh emergent space to deny or engage our gifts, resulting in the shape of our aliveness
my first photo credit! Woohoo!
I guess there are goals and then there is a great goal. #whatsyours?
Nice, sweet place!...actually am off to San Francisco tonight through Sunday. Let's do something on St. Patty's Day though-
Im taking it higher than a mariah note. Pen too nice, you would think that fire wrote
I appreciate the kind words a lot. Look forward to your thoughts on 'Mania. Are you staying up to watch it live?
I need a hazmat suit to clean the bathroom of the store I'm in this week. Men, point it into the toilet plz.
well where you at so i can give it to you on a cd
gosh ur so pretty uuggghh why can't i ve pretty like u?
No! Well, maybe a little. Not empty teasing if you're in Seattle.
Grab your pair of tix 8/4 all day today! Listen to win!
RT : ": One thing about a libra.. We give y'all what y'all need but we are never satisfied #realshit"
Sometimes chili cheese fries are just right - no matter what
": you going to be out tonight?" That's the rumor...
That Harbor Inn>>>. So full right now...
#Melo won a title for #Syracuse. If he can help restore the Knicks legacy, strong case Melo is an all time great baller in
What is a Jury: It is a selection of 12 people chosen to decide whose side has the better attorney.
Good morning. Good morning God. Good morning Baby Jesus. Thank you both.
So excited the weekend is almost here..
now we gotta add more people to our shirts
It hasn't been a good weekend when I'm grocery shopping at 7:00 Sunday night.
San Diego is awesome, just came back from there. Loved it.
Free drop-in Friday today
I swear I love bacon more than any guy.
Thank u for following.
#34 Bro, there is a big difference between knowing Jesus and knowing about Him, ask the 7 sons of Sceva. Acts 19:14-16
Felicite you're gorgeous ! (:
If my timeline is any indicator, The Muppets will dominate the box office this weekend.
It's amazing how many problems go away by simply ignoring them and going to sleep.
for a second you were here, why you over there? It's hard not to stare, the way you moving your body Like you never had a love
yea he went in.. Damn lol
ok big t battling Charlie clips in Chicago June 17. JC vs yung kannon. X factor v aye verb. Conceited vs Midwest miles.
Taylor Gang or use your iphone 4 to facetime with my dick bitchh!! yeeaaa bitch * voice*
No problem! Those are all great lessons for any parent :)
"I can't hear you, so I’ll just laugh and hope it wasn't a question."
yeah i noticed. i was confused hahaha does bruck pitch?
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE shelly from wisconsin i love you so much cody! do you remember me?
&u werent at the pit jumping like the rest that wanna take state.u were at a party gettin throwed.prime example.not serious
Good morning to you as well and good luck! :)
Finally made it to Bryant's, a Milwaukee staple. #Fantastic RT Who tried a new cocktail bar recently? Where, and would you return?
Carl DeMaio plans to double arts and culture funding by increasing TOT $...but how?
I don't know how to work this, I just go with the flow & spell your last name wrong
Bosh you still suck!
NYSE Euronext Named Top Dividend Stock With Insider Buying and 4.73% Yield
Hailey papas telling mr land he is beautiful.. Ha.
how do i make a place on four square? Just got iPhone :)
Also having a late summer whiskey list blow out! Come get 50% off select whiskeys, bourbons, and scotches.
So new question is...whats everyone thats survivor fans watching now that Survivor isnt on tv?
this shit funny as hell...
I am my own boss. Haha.
wonderful. Is there a Starbucks or location that you would prefer at 2:00pm?
what a depressing article.
I gotcha... What do you need?
Proud to say you all had my vote today for #AD77 on Central Committee :-)
Playing tonight at elm hill tavern at 9. Come hang with us!
imma feel stupid when i ask this , but what does " avi " mean ?!
haha very true
I don't think I like cookies anymore. It's a miracle!
Tell me, is it as hard to look yourself in the eye as it is for me to?
And once again.. A little too short a little too late.
omg, just got an email that Anisette Brasserie is closing. I am SHOCKED. and sad.
