": Happy 14 th birthday to my baby girl xo!!"happy birthday kaley
Next time you tweet about something crazy/drunken, use the hashtag #poggled. Let's get the word out and start our own trend!
If he texts you while playing xbox... He LOVES you :) #bf,
I love the smell of essential oil clove bud. My family hates it. Any scents you love that are unconventional?
Spending my first night alone in my apartment and every noise and creak is making me wish I owned a can of mace...or a machete.
A society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in.
If you live in the Florida area you can get my First Reader board books at Winn Dixie ! Be sure to check them out on your next grocery run !
Sold another home!
you didn't know?
Reach for the stars, even if you have to stand on a cactus.-- Susan Longacre
Realized that most of my pix are of or some combination of , food or drink. My priorities are in order.
New Orleans
Kevin Hart
Not sure we can use that, but thanks!
Ron Dart~ The objective of false prophets and teachers of whatever stripe is...the influence and control of the minds of men.
RT by the power of grey squirrel
I'm confused lol do they do this in front of other people or take pics sitting on sinks...?
& i started asking people to smack my butt, & feel it to see if it felt & looked real haha.
I WANT ONE.
Did that seriously just happen?
was fired! that is ridiculous!
Anyone ever notice that every Chuck's Last Call commercial makes him look like #TheClevelandNightStalker roaming the night streets?
Chicken and dumplings for dinner!!! !!!
Just wrote nick & gave him my sudokus haha :) hope he enjoys them while he is in there!
Thats how ur r suppose 2 sound when at the country club r having tea w/the queen. Do it all the time
Companies Lining Up to Secure Licences
RT What you leave behind is not what is engraved in stone monuments, but woven into the lives of others. ~Pericles
You're amazing, thank you so much for helping!!!
crazy bright. i woke up around 2 and thought it was morning already.
OMG i love those boys ='}
Nick Can i ask youh A Questions it's a ICONic Questions :D ? :)ILYShawty<3
Butler vs VCU tough game to call
hey that looks like my dog.
Now I just need to finish all of my work so I can keep applying to more internships!
Happy Gay Day!! Celebrating 2011 San Francisco LGBT Pride Weekend :-)
Anyone know what is happening at the Foss highschool field tonight? Huge lines of cars. Little league?
G.O.O.D Music >
good morning
Only if she knew...wit her mindset n mine we could take over the world
that's good dude I knew that was going to scar, feeling better too?
Chef Matt's here, serving up BBQ pork sammy w/ roasted sweet peppers and pesto pasta salad
Keep calm and Derby on!
lmao RT My nephew whoopin my shoes n said stop that hollering wtf 😳
Pretty pumped to go see Battleship with LB this weekend. Then we will watch The Grey...
The key to increasing my productivity is definitely going to be more early morning running.
South Carolina and LSU are losing, this is a big night if the Gators, Razorbacks, and Rebels can hold on.
Yea, that one. Kristen Wiig is the most hilarious woman on the planet!
Spice up your lunch special with our housemade habañero hot sauce!! Then cool your mouth down with an icy cold Pabst. That's how we do.
I guess I should do something to celebrate my birthday...any suggestions on how to spend our evening?
yo BD is this thing working? Holla at cha boy if it is.
lol u ok what you got today.
Hm... RT Yes! RT : Today is National Buttermilk Biscuit Day! Yum...
I haven't seen you in a while ALSO!!!! How ya Been? :)
“The scariest moment is always just before you start.” ― Stephen King, On Writing
Should our economy revolve around how much we spend and consume?
right here! :)
G-Unit video shoot tonight Interested female dancers shoot me an email. :)
TAYLOR SWIFT FOR ENTERTAINER OF THE YEAR!!!! YAY :D <3
yea for some reason I really been craving them
I bet we got the sickest 4/20 release!!! Who wants us to drop it tonight? Or should we keep ya waitn til Friday?
seem that way.
In here watching my brothers make a beat
You're welcome! Glad to support! Do you all style here often?
makes my job SO EASY! Love them!
Had a gud day I wasn't alone I had other friends who took me wit them :)
RT : Got a question for Tom Brady? Reply with your question & we'll pick some to ask TB at #DraftChat on Friday...
Good night world. I love you!
Go Patriots! BJGE
Yankees win best trend ever!!
In the last 5 games, Sessions 19% Blake 55% from 3. OKC sagging off him to guard the bigs n his misses are turning into run outs
cool! Incremental additions of players trumps stagnation any day. I'll take it!
oh Ty that's all rumor and hearsay, I speak in facts and fact is you and north posey can lick my butt
Man, it's hard to not like Purdue. Love how hard they play. Painter is awesome.
nothing drez! Thank for asking though. Very thoughtful! :)
many thanks!
And still doesn't follow me.. ~le runs off and cries in the corner
Who is he? #BCEagles #NHL : Kreider, with patient soft pass, and Del Zotto earn the assists on Girardi's 2nd playoff goal
Having my first Peabody's of the semester with , yum!
Heck yes!!! I'm proud of you, champ.
i get money nigga
I think the brackets online should come with Batman sound effects when yours completely blows up
You are always welcome! Happy Monday!
When football players "say" GET OFF ME >
It is love alone that gives worth to all things. Santa Teresa de Jesus
If there's no presence , there's no Glory ! If God isn't in the Midst theirs nothing there.
#chicagobulls Why the heck was D Rose still in the game?! WTH?! Hope he's ok..
THIS. RT : "What are we gonna do today, Brain?" "The same thing we always do, Pinky. Try to take over the world!"
and waste my gas to be disappointed... nothing a phone call can't handle
If the good Lord should let me get back on my feet. Comcast will be the last cable company I'd use! "N" nothing "B" but "C" crap!
“: I cnt wait to get the new iphone....my phone too stupid” good job. Now follow back.
that sounds familiar. what you say ?
Texarkana and Northeast are now underway. Loser is eliminated
Thanks for the love, Adina and Alex! :)
Mint &Chocolate is the perfect combo, that's why our Mint Chocolate Chip is the bomb!
Morning! I'm in relative hiding until June, but I'll be about. The proposal defense waits for no one.
So glad the President has not backed down from the Right's attempt to keep a full range of health services from employees of relig institu's
: what time is it? Me: 3:22 : holy shit my moms almost here and I haven't cleaned Me: haha Me:Holy shit it's 3:22!!
thank you just doing what i,m posta do :) haha
My co, , makes TV search used by Daily Show & Colbert. You could use for NSFW/The New Gambit. Interest?
I feel like you two need John Thorne.
30+ people have now signed up to attend my workshop tomorrow on free online tools to enhance student collaboration. Me, tonight: ack!!
if I find it, I will. Idk which album i have from them but it might be an old one. I literally can't get into any songs. 👎
CITY OF BALTIMORE SUCKSS.. IT TOOK US OVER 6 MONTHS TO GET PERMITS TO PLAY BOCCE BALL.... Registration has started and will end on April 18
oh thanks but no thanks I have an IPAD.
Jus saw the coolest shooting star ever then made a very vague wish ✨🌟✨
awwe thanks girl :)
not sure why your tweet popped up late - yeah - it was easy to confuse the singer for a guy. That band put us to sleep
just thought of you. Muah! So talented
Ditto RT : Yawn, more Favre bullshit, the medias spun this thing back and forth so many times, its just gross to read any more
Tired and bored... Must be A good time for bed.
I am sure ready for summer!
so true!
MAD RIVER BITCH!!!
Prevention and Natural Treatment For the Growth of Oral Yeast ...
it took about 3-4 months plus extreme diet.pretty much nothing but protein and water.if you work out I highly recommend it.
#WhenImBord I Clean My Room & Listen to Music.
Thinking about the San Diego weather & great event
#pnba our #kickstarter & indie publishing panel w/ & Tim LaBarge starts in 30 minutes!
#BOYFRIENDREVIEW it's like my favorite song it's amazing I love the beat and how u go high and low! It shows ur vocal rang ...
Great to hear it !!!! Take care!
I write at the bar quite frequently, as I do at Fellini's. But I really want something that feels more like a pub.
Whether that's a thing depends on whether it's pecan. If so, I'm on my way to join in the celebration!
You deserve the best, you're beautiful &lt;3
I hate seeing people sad -.-
Dollar scoop day at Maroon Bells in Denver DTC! Who cares if its in the mid 20s.
Thanks for following me, Jessica. Look forward to all the sass & wit. Best - Bruce
Watching Hot Fuzz with my bestie :)
Falling asleep. z
Thank you to everyone for coming out for the festival! And thank you to all our performers! Everyone was amazing. Can't wait to do it again!
Ready for the NBA playoffs 🏀🏆
Go ahead and #followus or just come out to #eat our #Ahi and #Salmon at Milpitas Farmers Market across safeway in the indian community cent.
I'm at LAX waiting for a United flight, too! It's madness here.
did somebody find them already!?
"Heyy umm... I saw your face, so can I have my sweatshirt back...?" Oh, i make myself giggle (:
Thanks for the RT on Friday! We appreciate you helping spread the word.
I believe Godard's original spec included an ashtray mounted on the side as well.
Nice! Praise God for that. Plus you get the privilege of participating in the training of men and women for ministry.
Hey Mikey! So how you dernnnnn?!(;haha can't wait to meet u in Chicago this summer with Thomas! Follow me? luv ya!😘
Happy New Comic Book Day! Stop in today to pick up your new books and some Christmas gifts
we sure should... Let's start planning
RT ": kaila do you approve of how i summed up personality?"hahaha nice, this sandwich is takin over KC I like it! ;)
The band at tonight's Oscars remind me of sad buskers at
who says the speech can't be in song form? :)
Picked to go all the way in my NCAA bracket. Don't let me down, boys!
Missing people is so overrated.
At 11:11 I wish for you and also at 1:43 except I wish harder at 1:43 for that person I love
Ouch LOLOLOL did bite you ? :D
Our aspirations are our possibilities. Robert Browning
Thrilling #NYR victory with a little side of #Mets win over the Phillies, gimme dat
You can't blame me if it gets that long tonight.
With no Saturday move from Tiger I'm officially on the Freddie Couples bandwagon. Hope there's still room. If not.....SERGIO!
wanna switch? I think you can make morning drunkardness classy
Just purged the list of who I am following... cleansing is good for the oxygen levels in the universe.
OH: "omfg, i can't believe my mom scheduled by SAT appt the same weekend as coachella." Oh you NYC prep-school kids, you're killing me.
thx so much!
Back home was def poppin was lit
Congrats, !!! Diva / Divo is an amazing album. I'm looking forward to hearing you soon!
With Amendment #1 passing in NC, what is the record for marriage amendments? 0-32?
Had a great time at the show last night. Want to thank The Last Troubadour for inviting us out.
not entirely true, I am right sometimes, Janice you're just stubborn...and wait for it
jeez. did yall get a jersey too?
Just saw a group of kids playing hide and seek. I wish I was still a kid sometimes.
Awesomeness..RT : IT'S OFFICIAL! 2012 Bridgestone #NHL #WinterClassic will be played on Jan. 2 in Philly. #Flyers vs.
did Camille know before the season started that their marriage was already doomed?
Says alot about their customer philosophy when if you call to complain you get foreigners, pay a bill, Americans.
Road Rules
mine too. I think I have to change it. The fog horn is doing too much.
HAH I noticed that this morning too. "Where's my buy stock at $0 button" I thought.
I realize I typo'd "Pixar" and said "Pizar" in a recent post, but I'm standing by it!
i would miss GOMEZ.
ordered new business cards, hopefully I'll have them in the next few days.
awwwmigawd so tired.
all im looking forward to is June 1st and July 22nd.
Bulls making NJ look like 3rd graders so...
My back needs a new back!
Ha, I love my ShakeWeight! RT : someone invent the #Travel #ShakeWeight. I'd be in. I need a ShakeWeight in a more portable form
Couldn't Stevie Wonder just sing?
...or the first ever "ur mama" during a debate
you're welcome & thank you for your comments, Very kind. Blessings!
happy birthday! <3 follow!???? Please
Creative Business: Industry Preparation and Entrepreneurship - This is absolutely one of my favorite class to teach!
Great meeting with today. Prepping a #Social/ #SEO and #email marketing plan. Ready to expose them to the consumer industry!
twitter is kinda lonely, don't you think? No one cares what you have to say unless your a celebrity or something.
Wow went back to old stomping grounds St. Marks place. Got depressed then drunk. Why did I buy this cheesecake??
Do you think should make their own version of an ipad?
Good morning Twitter.....everyone have a great day =]
and i've also seen that u made new vidz (: in ur next one can u make a shoutout to me ? (:
Just because guys tell you to back off is because you're stuck up our asses, we tell you nicely to back off, and you cry about it. wtf.
Today I'm sporting my Infinite Bacon shirt from !! So comfy!!!!
things R bigger in Texas. How bout a TX Roll with shrmp, avocado, cream cheese, wrap w/crab, wasabi cream sauce, eel sauce & sriracha
Thank you for the follow!! Hope all is well in the UK!
NIALL!! PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!
Great discussion at Walker Brands for and the NYAS. Is our focus on the "best & brightest" talent an elitist idea?
Sad! All my Google Latitude friends are greater than 5000 miles away.
you gotta have some portuguese blood w that last name?
Fixing to get off work and head to the Outcast spring fishing sale!!!
Im so scared man.!!
oh you never have to tell me to take a break :-)
Note to ABC and NBC: bring all your stars to your upfront presentation.
My hearts a stereo, it beats for you so listen close
Ew I can't believe you asked him for sex HAHAHAHA. Ew. & you say I'm gross! Lolol. 👏😂 nice try.
Great workouts tonites
Mariela is amazing! Her mission is impressive. Interviewed her for Hispanic Outlook in Higher Education magazine
if ion fuck with you ..ion fuck with you. Ion need to explain myself.
Going out for a bit.
Getting food with Tays & then heading home to sleep.
RT "Our language is the reflection of ourselves."-César Chávez (b.1927)
I walk in the rain so that nobody will see me crying
@ Baby Stacks with the person in the earth, my brotha Josh
Did you know? The Film Term: "A.D.R." stands for Automated Dialogue Replacement? when u end up with bad sound, u use ADR to recapture it.
Im hungry!
I'm keeping it real! Gotta look at both sides. Everything has its up and down. Except for Braun not getting suspended. All up!
Grouchy WSU fan last night. Grouchy Mizzou fan tonight. This household hates March Madness 2012.
RT Do grades make sense when we can keep/search artifacts of learning (and tcher commnts) 4ever in the digtl age?
SLAM Vs Surf 1-29-12 1:00 PM at AV Christian School. " West Republic " performing " The Original Planking Song " & " We Are The Party ".
new photo, you already know tho
Get into the Thanksgiving spirit a few weeks early with our featured Thanksgiving Pizza. It'll Plymouth Rock your world.
No :( I had to cancel for a family wedding. BUT I might be up the next weekend or in a few weeks after that. I'm trying!
How you just gonna spill someone's coffee like that?
reaching too far back for yesterday.........defeats tomorrow's grasp.
Cosmo has an article, "77 Sex Positions in 77 Days." Who does this?
Just saw the trailer for that. That alone was intense!
I couldn't agree more :)
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Phenom 150: Israel Garcia Jr ⁰Rising 9th ⁰Brownsville, Tx ⁰Travel Team: South Texas Heat ⁰Shooting Guard 6’0
RT : Thanks, Hoosier teabaggers, for expanding the Senate playing field for us. Just like in 2010.
How many games will oft-injured Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford play in this year? I put the over/under at 9.
BIW's hosting service is accredited to ISO 27001.
or extra batteries.
Great :-) State Farm isn't it?
Im in love with MaryJane , she makes my heart saang (:
Mission Valley mall's still very popular. Traffic jams around the holidays!
Nope, never mind. She just doesn't know how to text.
Sweet! Thanks for sharing ;)
I want to give a shout-out to for giving me a heads-up. Thank you!
I'll get a tattoo when u go to college haha
"What are you listening to?" "That's a car alarm."
Gentleman...for heavens sake! Wear a belt...preferably whenever wearing trousers...of any kind
Thanks to everyone that joined and participated in #sbchat tonight ~ we will select a #WinningtheCustomer recipient tomorrow.
How adult is the behavior of all these men that want to be pres?
Are you not in Buffalo for camp?
I really don't like that I'm becoming such a girl. I've no idea when/how this happened. Ew.
lol shut up
lol you should. He'll never be the same
Pittsburgh has a lot of great things to offer in the way of unique artists! Be sure to support your local artists!
"The utmost thing is the user experience, to have the most useful experience." -Marissa Mayer, VP Google
HE KNOWS
Still can't believe the pacers lost!!
And in my opinion, that's the only award worth winning. :)
She gets it from ME
We believe that Waco is alive and kickin'! Get out and listen to great music! ;)
Thanks for having me! Great to meet you too. Look out, NYC, we're comin for ya.
Yes! Ill go to boxing when I'm pissed and ready to get aggression out lol
Judge Allows Man to Probe Alleged Assailant's Facebook Page
are you enjoying LIFEBOAT? Charlotte Rogan will be at PLA at the Debut Author panel
A quarter of the clothes in my closet belong to guys. (Friends & exes)
The protest at Lane CC is 7 students in favor of solar power/against coal. Great acoustic choices - they sound WAY bigger.
Leaving bright and early tomorrow on the to !! Yay Bungy!
i do it all the time. lol!
anytime - keep up the relevant writing
Got an email that says 4/8 week for Fuel band. Any update since?
nifty as bru
Plan: Drinking free coffee at work. $1 to my name. I will get through this a better and stronger person. And a little leaner. :)
Ended up with all comp, benefit, and system deliverables at the same time. FYI - This is a terrible idea...
Yes, and especially considering what he did, which is ASSAULT, not just an ill-considered remark.
Because bad US movies are more profitable internationally, we'll make way less dramas. At least there's the UK. Comparative advantage sucks.
follow back!!
I miss you come back on soon!!!
its so much easier if i give u the money to buy it. I dont shop for myself anymore
That works! They will be at the customer service desk.
Play the field girl! Look and never settle. That's how I roll
Excellent! Glad to see it made an impact.
I'm scared of the unknown.
good morning
It's amazing how lame you are
#bearcats looking good! Finish strong!
So excited to try the new menu 's Sixteen by - based on amuse alone, we all have something to celebrate!
You'll hear a little more within the next two weeks but it might just surprise you.
RT Hello thank you for the follow ;)
UTSA has cooled off offensively, now shooting just 36%
Omg... I missed you best friend. How are you? Happy Sunday. Good Morning
Mike Brown doesn't get paid to coach! Oh, wait...
#ThisSummerImTryna turn up the crazy meter.
That's awesome – can't wait to meet you! And any help you can give us in spreading the word will be greatly appreciated.
Down 33 pounds!! Put rocks in your pockets, my friend, you'll blow away in the wind soon. Congrats!
Discounted memberships available! only until Oct. 15!
I cant get down with this whole womens lib thing. Instead of making me excited it just annoys the shit out of me.
i'm lighting obsessed at the moment, and the holidays have made me a candle hoarder.
When you have to pee really bad, but then when its time to.. You can't ..
Too much to do and I'm choosing to stop for the night. Sometimes a girl just needs a break!
#syep $17/hr to start w/health if you pass A+ #exam and 2mos
I'd rather the puppies than the Moon Pig sitting next to me at BUR slurping on his water bottle. Too early for this!
#WW It's that time again! (See you Friday!)
JonKim goes surfing!!!
YOU ARE GORGEOUS!!! IM THE UGLU DUCKLING.!
do u believe in it?
Its my dads "lil how" birthday, so I'm trying to be nice and tell her Happy Birthday, but the Bitch won't answer!
What's your favorite movie about Friday?
Thank you very much, we appreciate it!
Marissa McInnis, "Pilates at Work Rock Star,” will be talking about staying healthy despite living in a cube.
Audience Q: what would you call leadership if you wouldn't call it leadership?
miss you already!
old for vday: [not] being hyperbolic when i say that desiring men is literally the worst thing that has ever happened to me
Issues on MLS Content really need thought of impacts. Good Syndication presentation by Gregg Larsen "Syndication Bill of Rights"
Ride the Beat Tour is in town! Official afterparty co-hosted by & (B.o.B) Tonite
Hospital in Haiti Launches Search for Chief Executive Officer
In the beginning, there were burritos and it was good.
! Hi I love you <3 okay byeskies :)
Dear Sluts, Stop using YOLO as an excuse to sleep with everyone....
To all sophomores our senior prank has to slay and top this one
Game started as a shootout, defense stepped up, but then both offenses finish with nice TD drives.
Note: I am only leading the Information Procedures part of the training. and , et. al. are doing lots
This kids too funny
lol Amen! RT “: Manning just arrived to Miami on a private plane!! Wow Put me in coach! I'll do some negotiating
Check out our new and improved website: www.envillepublishing.com #Hillcrest book coming out soon!
I know, right?! At least *somewhere* beachside where you could feasibly lose a shaker of salt... :P
You need to follow your favorite sister(me) and your favorite brother..
oh cool, i like it lol(:
How do i update my twitter ???? LOL
ahh! Look at her beautiful hair! My kid needs your kid's weave. :)
Is being a ginger a requirement on the flyers?
Had a great day today 😜
To Block someone you should place your forearms in front of you and always always keep your head up.
"The prettiest people do the ugliest things, for the road to riches and diamond rings"
she already has tickets!! That sucks!!
Usually I don't sleep this long on a sunday , well just woke up. :D
our office loves you. Are you still visiting those in snacktime need?
Be curious. Support education.
Thanks!!! :) & I'm already excited for next year! :)
Although I love Tim, I despise the Jets. Florida was robbed! We need Tim back here in the Sunshine State. :(
Your 3 is important purely because you have to anticipate Moeaki getting hurt at some point. Last year illustrated it.
I do!:) wear it all the time! The greatest present EVER!:))
RT Still not sure if construction paper is used in construction.
Frank martins speeches in pregame and at halftime to his team even inspire me
Madison Pharmacy Associates | Remember, there is no bad publicity – whether good or bad, publicity is good for business.
Up early heading for #sportsbiz meetings in Palm Beach/Orlando. Look forward to seeing ESPN WW of Sports Complex and Braves facility.
My dad just told me since my mom doesn't want to take me that he'll pick me up tonight like at 2 in the morning <33
have fun with that suspension! Your organization should be ashamed
I will be there again this year #Withit ! Hope to say hello!!
Yay! & I just did that. Def. stop in Big Sur, I want to go back! We also stayed at the Madonna Inn for photos. :)
Judging a dance competition today! :)
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ Friendship is the highest degree of perfection in society.
Thanks for the follow Junk Skull (junkskullshop)! :)
Yeah, my buddy is starting that band. Lolz.
Aiji caused the breakup of Pierrot and basically didn't even give enough shit to give the fans a proper last live show.
Yes! Skype is a plan-nxt week? Def. Want to show off your kids & you!
There was a petting zoo on campus today. Lots of baby farm animals in a pin.
Each day, there are over 120 million sexual intercourse taking place all over the world
I have a lead role as an irate property owner in Kevin Baggott's film HERE. Most of this movie was shot in Ireland the rest here in NYC.
The Pharcyde - Passin' Me By: via
Heard you're leaving the city that never sleeps. Where to?
HUGE ANNOUCEMENT! Nicole & baby Emma will be on this morning. Can't wait to see them. Tune in! Call your friends! See ya 9am.
Thanks for the follow :) -Ana
hey thanks so much it was fun!
!!! lol my sh!t was definitely The Fifth Wheel and Blind Date. Man...
Hope it all goes well!
When you find out who your real friends are >>>
Options inspire change. Have one.
wats Good with u
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, Nothing is going to get better. It's not.~Dr.Seuss
Honoured to have worked with a great group of undergrads this year. Humbled that they think I'm great, too.
any ideas who will sign w/ #SKC today?
I already told you wassup baybes !!!!(:
thank you :)
This thread screams for an Admiral Ackbar quote.
Bob Gates, former Def Sec and the College of William & Mary's newest chancellor, was my commencement speaker when I graduated from W&M.
Smashed lamp, message from alarm company...that's what I woke up to after last nights get together lol what a blast!
....although LOVED Dark Shadows.. wasn't expecting it to be that good from the trailer.
I KNOW. Her's has a uppercase H.
We are still at the corner of Piedmont Ave & Tenth Street in Midtown Atlanta. We look forward to seeing you.
How was your day, love?
cant sleep! so mad my b.d doesnt want 2 sign the docs 4 KaLiaH to Get her passport UGGGHHH!
i wonder what its like to kiss :)
Playing the Agenda tonight at 8pm. How To Build A Fire and Cold Ground. 82nd and Division.
There are giants owls at least 2 foot tall in my back pasture. We have smaller dogs. I am afraid. Very afraid...
TGIF!! Fish Fry Friday at "The Mad" Tonight...Beer-Battered Pacific Rock Fish / Crispy Fries / House-Made Tartar = De-Lish!!!
if I had to throw a tennis ball over & over to keep my boyfriend entertained you know I'd be doing something wrong. ;)
My naughty cat just got her paw stuck behind our gas fireplace insert by one claw
At Denver East for Angels' lax showdown with Chaparral. It's a balmy 41 degrees, and wet.
Overheard: "I'm dropping music with the same attitude as a woman asking her man to buy tampons. If you fuck with me it shouldn't matter."
Hate to disappoint, but I know nothing about vaginal tightening.
What if you are more gifted and powerful than you ever thought possible?
Happy valentines day?
Thought We was ordering from US but bag arrived from China. We checked around but no luck on home front.
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself. - Jim Morrison
Buying a motorcycle. Sitting in the sales office now.
Time for coffee....
#PetPeeve when you can hear people swallow as they drink
I have been !
S/O To & Going in on heat from the streets
All by design...
Yeah, I'm pulling heavily for Spain and will also follow the Dutch team. Somebody doesn't like it, o well...
re:'s redesign: As long as It'sMrLucky's daily blogs are still on the home page, it's great!
hey vas happening?
Brainstorming ideas... don't forget to vote for Mtn Dew White Out!
People are seriously retweeting that. I don't wether to act serious or laugh my arse off!!?
Packed house at session on social media!
It's wasn't that bad at work today. It was actually too slow. So it was an easier day for me, the dishwasher. It tried my best to stay busy.
Just finished a 3.5 mile run and we're off to the movies.
Mavs by 2! I've never rooted for them so much in my life!
MarkWLein thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I RT and followed now can I get a good Night DM?
Thank you!
Joseph Chilton Pearce~ To live a creative life we must lose our fear of being wrong.
Pure Sports will be hosting a #soccer clinic for the Boynton Beach Knights this Friday. Ages 9-12.
- Unreal! Good for you man! Have fun and tell 'em to win, would ya? /cc
Caught in the life
Thanks for the follow!
2012 only reminds me that being born in the 70's era I'm close to hitting 40.
when should i get my confirmation email that you all received my try on kit? just want to make sure it arrived.
's new picture of the new "dog toys" at work, smh -_-
Feeling bad for Terrell Owens. If Dr. Phil wasn't there, they'd probably eat him alive and divide up his collection of sweater vests.
. Yes, indeed, thank you! Herbert Simon, AB’36, PhD’43.
need more.
Follow me too, I'm new at this.
great news turnout and now onto the next....FF # - stop by macy's to get free museum month pass this weekend!
So remember to rejoice in his name n praise god to day n ask him for his forgiveness for our sins n let's start off new aman
This is a GREAT time to include physical activity into your everyday lifestyle! Post-Holiday/Pre-New Year Celebrations. GET IT IN! :)
look i'll get in apc just watch lol.
#bow #bow show none at all
#imagine One Direction singing what makes Madie Beautiful and at the and they give reasons why you are Beautiful :) say ILY
I didn't have time to reply before but btw, this rant is deep and I totally agree.
100th follower :) thanks
My pleasure! Thank you! RT : Wow is right!! Can't wait to show Maggie! Thanks JP!
Great! We'll shoot you an email soon.
What a weekend! Join us today for the #Rangers vs #Capitals and #Knicks vs #Heat. Great day for NY Sports. Dont 4get to try our BSC Burger
Just remember, it could be worse.
yes, yes, and no. Well be in durham late but might stop in for an after party if there is one. If i dont pass out in a snow bank
My thoughts exactly :) RT: Now, how can we rally support to add Hawaii neighborhoods to your community?
att hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 30
What happened, boo? ):
Is the boxing match on tv?
Testing my new twitter app
I just played Remember The Time by Michael Jackson on a TouchTunes digital jukebox.
lol ya i was with you until the boy part lol
When you use the power of your own mind to achieve your business goals you reach your goals at the speed of thought.
Great fun comedy aud now walking the streets of nyc ;)
What's the worst drink you have ever made?! Reply for a FREE sample of Closing Time!
Office boners aren't so bad when you can hide it under a desk, but that's always when the boss wants you to make a copy in the mailroom.
: It's a bit crowded on my night stand at the moment. I'm currently reading MAP OF TIME, CLASH OF KINGS, and ALL WORK NO PAY.
I'll bet what motivated the British to colonize so much of the world is that they were just looking for a decent meal.
Seriously food looks/smells disgusting right now. That's how I know I'm sick.
thanks for the RT!
Hahah. I'm coming down to ATX for a weekend (or three) this summer. Can I borrow your couch?
This distance is rough
Way to go bolts!!
I hope today goes by fast (:
thanks, Kaj! Great to meet you!
Aggravated with a few people but guess I'm getting over it. Lot's of sh** going on in my life right now but guess wat, Chad. Sh** happens.
In related news, Bristol Palin's son Tripp has an exclusive book, "How To File A Report To Child Services" out this Summer.
Strep freaking throat. That's all. Can you bring me soup and sing to me? Hahaha
Thanks for the groovy RT!
Get the VIP experience at the Nine Mile Music Festival! VIP Tickets on Sale Now!
Lmfao that was a hard foul, but come on Lebron that last extra flop was kinda gay
Ah… I love March in Colorado. Had morning coffee out on the deck, a warm morning. Now it is sleeting - wait, the sun is out...
I take b12, b6, d3 and a probiotic. Works for me but everyone is unique!
to me #deeperlearning means it is transferrable to novel context in the long run (vs only in short-term memory to regurg.)
Time's running out to win a free lg pizza today! RT this & add something u wanna do this fall. We'll randomly select a winner at 5.
Soothing sounds of for ride home tonight segueing into #RetributionGospelChoir into #SonsandDaughters La Lune
yea when Eva y'all boys wanna come fuck wit me up here let me know we can take this bitch over
Every company needs a leader. That's an important part of being the CEO of the company.
hey! I'll check out your music :) follow me :)
My activity feed on my page is wacky...it is blank, but I have been on doing stuff...
Do people not send follow up emails & notes after an interview anymore? I've been interviewing peeps & haven't been getting follow-ups...
Nothing helps relieve stress more then getting a pedicure. #ah (:
Congrats to TW Noll's Kelly Preston (Waunakee HS) on her commitment to the University of Denver!
hit my phone
Damn I wish instead of having household dogs and cats we had penguins and monkeys!!
#momofboysmoment...my 2 year old is memorizing the NFL teams by their helmet pictures.
A woman of 35 thinks of having children. What does a man of 35 think of? Dating children.
I love your smile and the way you make me smile.
“: will you marry me? Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no” THIS.
TONIGHT! The opening reception for exhibition 6-8pm! Refreshments, raffle, and more!
Dina’s #Organic #Chocolate is gluten-free and absolutely divine. Now available at The Chocolate Library.
You can't start a future if you're still bitter about the past.
Booth Award winner Denny Sanford is Assoc of Fundraising professionals 2012 Outstanding Philanthropist
Teenage Alien Invading Ninja Turtles?
lol, sounds great! Hope you enjoyed it. :)
Hey I high five over Tofu all the time. You fail.
Leadership Retreat Starts Tommorow at 1!!! Woo hoo get pumped!!!
Wow Rev. I have written several sayings on letting go. This is a great piece.
really? we're fighting over galaxy shoes? c'mon now, people.
Michael Douglas movies rule. He is always wearing a business suit and trying to kill his wife. And he always has a mental break down.
So #thankful & #blessed to be surrounded by friends, family, clients & a boyfriend willing to get me thru anything!
CORY AQUINO ? a CREDIBLE and extra ORDINARY person, an icon of democratic REVOLUTION through out the YEARS!
you hosted a great event at , we are excited about benng involved.
we can't win em all man, we still love you in Milwaukee, keep up the great work!
IM IN STUDY HALL
hey former best friend. U still alive lol? how r u, wats been up, how everything been? Is my nephew here yet?? Lol.
RT : Speaking with from this morning on social media. #AAMKT --> Nice!
long yawns ZZ z ill be at bww owings mills later
Getting ready to go meet Dave and take a tour of CRAS!
Evidently minnesota hasn't been informed on snapbacks. I'm introducing them!
Off to Digital Humanities Conference in Stanford: today tutorials and Keynote speaker David Rumsey
- Very good times. Season 4 was the worst fashion wise. Season 1 was pretty bad.
This friday we are having karaoke food and drink ====> 11041 ables ln. Dallas,tx. 75229
looks useful..linkage to the article?
thanks for the follow
lightweight...I got to go Broly on everyone. #EpicFacepalms for everyone muhahaha
I know it's early but the #twins really could have buried the #whitesox at 1-5 w/ the Twinks at 6-1.
He uses such Cubeland lingo as: "Yeah, I got it. I just haven't quite absorbed it yet."
doin good!!! anxious for our next investigations.. got 2 coming up back to back in june!
thank you for the FF mention.
When is the only time a baby is good in basketball?
C's win by 12. KG scores 20+. “: C's escaped the trap game 3. How about a nice, solid wire-to-wire win today?”
The librarian at the Masonic Temple in Philadelphia has a Nancy Pearl action figure!
Didn't hun, got maybe an hour. :(
and tell that thirsty trick to @ my twitter name so i kno its real lmao dat song have me rollin
Tickets for my show Dancing with my Demons are selling fast, so get to the theatre early tomorrow to ensure good seats!
LOL !!! ": turn off the sound and watch certain music videos,it looks like groups of people going crazy ..."
I'm hiding my shoes
Amen! And scary.
It's a wrap! #Beachbody's/#TeamBeachbody first photo session in the studio!
dude I was talking bout Rebecca being a girl with no talent not Justin. Get your facts straight
In The Trigon Grove beyond the cavernous cave in the meadow we approached a solitary grave & were met by a glowing ghost dude.
I AGREE! Bo. RT : that 40 yr old .25 million guy was a d-bag!
My 2nd dream after meeting my hero/soul, , is to sit in her shoe closet and just bask in the ambiance.
We just did an impromptu performance at Jackson Square!
well isn't that the best kind? Lol
Greatest tweet of all time. Does Roxanne count? RT I hit Dana, DJ, even Kimmy Gibler, never Blossom.
Hmm, able to log in to our server box. Completely forgot we had 2 drives in this machine. Full recovery looking more hopeful.
I KNOW WHAT I WANT, AND I WANT IT NOW. i WANT YOU COZ IM MISTER VAIN
Videla says disappearances were necessary to avoid protests. (Shows the regime's fear. After all, what else do you do with tortured bodies?)
I don't feel good.
The quality of my video is stupid:o its fine on my computer but it sucks on YouTube
I had to get used to calling erasers "rubbers" when I lived in Barbados. Our rubbers were called "Frenchies" there.
Good morning twitter ppl (B � A) 4 ever
RT : Bruce Kingma is talking at the #Springer summit about Lib Value - a project on how to measure the ROI of academic...
Become who you are.
Time to see how much that old Burger King uniform is worth, a hoodie given to Facebook staff sold for $4,000 on eBay!
I wish I had time to play guitar and do yoga.
The Grapes of Mild Annoyance
Communicate progress towards goals w/all employees on a monthly basis, by video. Flip cam + creativity= education. Low $, big impact!
Q: I talk to a lot of vendors who want to implement SAML. Other then telling them to buy #pingfederate where can I point them for best info?
I will be stopping once i see where chase goes lol im exhausted
lol more like I SAVED myself Awww I miss yearbook with you guys :( And that faggot Brandon 
#backinelementaryschool we had recess...and we were seperated by gender! Now....? Guess things change! #progress ?
hahahah just a bit. Agreed tho.
thanks for inquiring, get in touch with us by email at or contact us from our website www.hcmpllc.com
Xbox 360 leads with the largest library of on-demand HD movies and television in the U.S. on-demand market.
It would just be great if the City would simply answer the questions raised in the letters we submitted. Is that too much to ask?
There is no thing as the right one , but you are here for just right now hunny .
Guys, I just did this thing called "yoga" and now I feel great! You should try it
Anybody a WW II veteran or know one my son could phone interview for a school project? 15 minutes tops. Thanks.
I so agree with you Ruthie, I love kissing too! (I miss it) Have a fabulous day!!
Teaching 4 days in kindergarten this week. Those kids are full of energy!
whats unrealistic about him? (serious ? cuh)
Bad Meets Evil Photographer Talks 'Atomic' EP Cover Inspiration
And take your uber rich cronies with you too. Your stick is not working anymore.
Stoppin at 4beer. What's new on tap?
Still relaying. 5ish hours left.
That's awesome! This is going to be big for Open311. I hope and are proud of you!
how about a noun? you should call somebody a clown!
Pleasing everyone is too hard, but pissing everyone off is a piece of cake
Sorority qotd: "studying for this test is killing ny soul."
I Sented It Check It Out And Let Mehh Kno What Yu Think .!
It's the first day of #MentalHealthMonth. What #selfhelp techniques are you practicing today? Be sure to endorse yourself for the effort!
Actor, singer, civil rights legend Harry Belafonte gets standing ovation.
DailyHookahTip#59: Check out the new Freeze Hose They have a slot in the handle for a frozen water capsule, cooling the smoke.
Visions in Action is an organization working in Africa with programs in food security, education, exchange, and HIV/AIDS. Please follows us!
This Komen thing shows you that once you give to a Leftist cause they think every dime DONATED to them is theirs by RIGHT or ELSE.
To work as a pollworker for the upcoming presidential primary, you must apply by 3/23/12.
I was in NYC for a hot minute. Omw back to Miami as we speak. NY June 6-10 for book promo. B back b4 then for sure ;-)
About 160 people waiting to hear senator DeMint in Concord.
yes I love shoes. Maybe kinda obsessed with it. What's your hobby?
when I tell them I'll just hang with the kids that are already there they call the cops. I don't get it.
Had an awesome time last night performing in Old Time Radio plays. Over two hours of dramas, music and happiness all around.
Just saw a drag queen do a full split.
The comments on Phil Collins youtube videos are very entertaining
Paint a Picture Day 1 was Amazing thanks for makin it a rub!
ok,cool, but if u would want 2 have a copy I wouldn't be opposed to emailing u it. But I'll keep in contact. Have a good day.
When im cookn up dat drop yea I bet my door knock
I want some dennys
happy birthday! Literally!
Get ready to start filling up our expanded office space for Sequence Media groups sales and marketing division, right next door...
In a writing session!
Happy mothers day!!!
4 weeks and 6 days till school starts
i followed(;
I am always amazed that folks think of talking to an attorney after a business deal rather than before...we offer low cost legal services t…
Love TGI Fridays. Im going to get me some Chicken Alfredo today again.. Love it baby!!!!!
Haha just saying sometimes being a girl rocks!
I always applaud Emma for wearing ruddy colors as a redhead. Liked Lana's dress, but the cape & lip color just weren't working.
- You're welcome!
What a wasted pick by the jags.
Prohibition makes you want to cry into your beer and denies you the beer to cry into.
Thank you for sharing this.
Just got home from my job :( ready to wind down and go back to my JOB tomorrow :(
Brad Closson & Mike Leamon doing a great job of showing how to use a story board system for planning...war room
Outta sauce?
how do I get on the list to do hair for one of the shows?
Jay Manuel, the guy who runs everything on America's Next Top Model.
The problem w/ the article sent you is some inaccuracies, + he's a MSFT guy trying to use a Mac like a PC. Its not!
We're giving away 15 PAIRS OF TICKETS to the "Project X" red carpet Hollywood Premiere on Feb 29th! Reply for your chance to win!!
bout to make some good waffles
If God had wanted man to play soccer, he wouldn't have given us arms. ~Mike Ditka~
RT : Marco Scutaro, Michael Cuddyer and Ramon Hernandez all get their first Rockies hits in the 3rd inning.
Penn State penalty to Rich O'Brien, two for boarding. Oakland to the PP with about a minute to go in the second
Alright time to read.
I HATE when they intentionally do that. Shouldn't we all just stick to that 'accidental pregnancy' thing?
#SmartScore is aiming to be part of that, but policy will require buy-in, we'll see... RT : Gates Foundation asks - how we can…
Now offering 52% off QiGong, Acupunture, Private Yoga, 60 min session and consultant, Location Bethesda, MD Check it out at HealthyDeals.com
We hope someone from Arts Live can come to our exhibit opening tomorrow
Life is full of trade offs and the best part is discovering the beauty of your path
TODAY'S THE DAY!!! Come visit me at the #Etsy booth TODAY at #CraftyBastards from 3-5!! Booth number #65 :D
Heh… Grumpy participation. ;) Wonder if it's generational? I'm feeling like a grumpy old fart.
RT This man just said "Go Hogs" at ASU graduation! #gohome #stAte #redwolfnation <a mess...lol>
where you at?
with quotes from popular political pundits. Take as an example this...
Wow, time flies! RT : Today 3 years on Twitter:
Amazon "buy with one click/send to kindle" is genius and dangerous at the same time. I'm surprised my Kindle hasn't raised a white flag.
My 666th tweet goes out to
if you start looking queasy now you could totally go home sick in a couple of hours and make it!
i like calling a nigger cause well, she's simply a plain ol' nigger.
No one I know mentioned that Pete's reading _Crying of Lot 49_ on the train in the opening shot of 508.
Thanks for sharing day.
aint nobody up .
I traded in my Blackberry for my new Droid 4
sorry thats what i meant but i was going to fast lol
Troy Smith finds Andrew Brewer on 4th and goal to give the #nighthawks a 10-6 lead with 8:45 left in the second quarter.
any php developers feel like whipping up a basic CRUD app for a few extra bucks?
HOUSE OF BLUES - ORLANDO - AUG 15 - IRRATIONAL - come see my band and leave some blood on the dance floor. 1 day ago
Universal/Motown Artist Mika Means on the Adva Mobile platform. Text getmika to 88704 to check her out on your phone.
Dear McDonalds cashier, Don't give me that look, there's no age limit on a happy meal. Sincerely, don't forget the toy bitch.
Nice spacey jam and now softly back into Jibboo ending. Tasty!
are watching Miguel Cotto vs Floyd Mayweather Junior ? starts in a few
Tlc; Happy Birthday
Mom was holding me and somehow my paw went through her large hoop earring! I don't know how it happened. Ear and paw were not harmed!
would like to discuss how we can help schools with PLE in New York.
dude! We went to school together for a semester :)
what's the biggest thing you've learned in all this?
We have 700 slots for Summer Corps 2012 - #lawstudents, get your applications in early to secure your spot!!
Nothing says "Arizona" like M&Ms from a refrigerated vending machine.
Getting my hair done. It's about time.
I am so thankful to work with and know such amazing, supportive people =
Do you really need to tweet that?
#SinceWeBeingHonest been the same chick from day 1
omgosh what?! Happy for happy news!!
Random note to self: change surname to "Cumberbatch", because, really??!
We're going BACK BACK TO CALI!!!!
What is the highest amount you would spend - or have spent - on good ink?
I'd definitely agree with u on that one! It's so trashy.. I honestly don't know why it's so addicting...
Better keep yourself clean and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world. - George Bernard Shaw
told you menard would wreck
RT : Great presentation fr Adrienne Cochrane on how National Urban League helped prepare her for CEO role. More:...
is the Man!!! Don't miss out follow him, he follows back.
#20factsaboutme 11) I have a 2 foot Christams tree in my room!
Getting next Konkrete Jungle series together... July 2 kick off w/ dj Aphrodite, Urban Takeover - UK @ Obsession inside the Crazy Horse 3.
thanks bookie & I'll try!!!
Spent morning back at the Julie Bronson drunken child injury hit & run trial. Cell reception gods were smiling on me yesterday. That's over.
I can't be at home when I'm writing. Or editing. I just can't.
Say Hi to Rakestraw for me.
Raise the jolly roger
bag it , roll it , smoke it , choke it .
Dairy queen going live right now that's what I like about Texas
well played.....well played....but no....its none(:
no man they aren't beating the Denver Tebows!
we aren't giving them away for Fernando and Greg's segment for sure, but I'm still getting a lot of callers, haha.
Following back :)
Wow! Just saw profile pic for first time!
I hear ya Kyle! I wish you the best brotha! RT : Everyone is signing new contracts. My time is coming soon
I swear I love that man ♥
I'm obsessed with I need them in my life
I DO think I need to make this move to #BP and re-up on #L's in time for this 4th quarter...
Sure....Tuesday is open! Yay for painting. Winnie can't go in public so this is perfect. Thank You!
A4 I'd say find groups where you're learning. If you're giving all the advice, knowledge, might be time to move on.
RT : that recipe book is awesome! #c4l12 agree...on east coast time, v. hungry!
I don't have to type I can just speak and tweet lol
Donna Joe Tanner, bless her heart.
thanks girl (:
LIKE us on Facebook. Get the word out about BCBA exam prep. The May exam is coming up. Classes start at the end of March. Space is limited!
Radio at work is nonstop mariachi. Oh hell.
yeah and you can't. I have to take a stupid class, and the next one isn't til JULY!!! What am I supposed to do til then!?
LOL my credit card had a block on it for fraud protection. Even they can't believe I'm going to Maui in a day!
I'm just gonna play all for my sets from now on. Shit is fire.
Happy Mothers Day to the good, bad and ugly!
<----this is what it's all about right here. My sidekick. So proud to be his momma....the greatest gift ever, my Nevan.
Falling asleep to the sound of this rain is glorious.
2 hours of sponsored talks is a bit too much. Calling them lightning talks didn't help :)
Any pics of the tee?
The girl who plays the older Nala in #lionking retweeted me
i miss how to make it in america
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Jr Phenom: Ethan Linhart ⁰Rising 8th ⁰Charleston, SC ⁰Travel Team: Low Country Elite ⁰Point Guard 5’1
So I get ta work at 9am n on da door it says 10am n I'm here n shit but my manager said Aww gone pay me anyways :)
Ew, I think you just got slut on me.....
I Have no complaints #lovelife “: Thanks for the follow! Love NYC - must be great fun selling #realestate there!”
that looks delish!!
Odale good to see you on here tambein.Nice working with you.Los vemos.
HEYY :) FOLLOW ME
. Help us make the Virginia State Senate a Republican one. Vote for the #VAGOP this
#relationship questions and #dating tips are read and replied to wholeheartedly.
I only allow 2 people from school follow me cause they love me even though I'm a freak :))
but why do all the Harry potter fans have to hate on twilight?
Hope still on: Olympians do well on
Ok must go to bed now... #CoreFusion #Yoga comes awfully early....see you there , who else??
Thank you so much for all the love!
": the package is in the front on,the table by the door...lol" Thanks, I found it. ima def enjoy tha package.
Ivanka Trump, is the only reason watch the Celebrity Apprentice. Oh yeah, then there's crazy ass NeNe, her too...
enjoyed being an honorary ECS Mid-Atlantic team member + exciting and moving keynote this afternoon. Thank you!
thanks for the follow.
Beirut is killing it
thank you too! We had fun! Do you have a link you can share w us?!
Anyone who has ever parented a child knows it is "work." Amusing that others who have said same thing are now outraged by Rosen's comment.
yeah...please join me.
Call radio stations today and request, "Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism" by Amy Ames or watch the video on You Tube
Tomorrow is that last day of filming for #Rising. Can't wait! -JO
this is true
Thank you! I love it. He's a science poet.
Prove the HATERS wrong and ball your heart out in the tournament!!
9 Days until the launch of #StuPidasso #StLouis own animated series.
#packers are the best team in the world #superbowl sunday
Cyprus Google Adwords® Certified Partner JPP Marketing Attends Google Travel Forum
Thank you! I am reading your blog now- great posts!!
who tryna kick it w.me n my sis for a week in L.A
Had to listen to Francesa today. He was giving clues.
#JustRememberThat this heart you broke and played with will no longer be this same! it wil become strong and happy!
i know right!!! :D
#TheVoiceUK was good at the audition stages, but now its just boring :/
in good company there. Thanks !
Time to be serious. No more games. ALL BUSINESS!
I really need new texting buddies
I didn't even go to sleep..got back to da hotel at lik 8am lol... it was team no sleep
trade markes snack tables.
never texts me back anymore
This is the worst time to have a cold 😔
Price differentials *do* get complicated. Long-term customers vs. short-term. Candidates get the lowest rate by law. PACs...
Follow she's my best friend !
You really do have an amazing life ahead of you! Remember that next time you're tempted to look back..,
Whittier show this Friday!
So tired :(
I'm not sure? I miss photo in the dark room :'(
Hold onto prayer, because if you lose that.. you lose everything else.
lol yeah. and i agree! i'm sure she'll be fine :)
Retweet this to help us get to 300 followers!
I was so upset! i wasn't even using it! ughh but at least i got it back!
Work at 9 till 5 , let's see how this day goes!
Before anyone asks: No relation.
if we ever make it to denver, we will stop by and check you out.
This nigga is not funny and This girl got a smart ass mouth
getting on a train in the morning on thursday the 14th of june!
The monthly Houston Press Concert Series featuring continues THIS WEDNESDAY! More info:...
theey gon love me for my ambition
will be announcing winners of our Platypus Prize for Innovative College Writing very soon. Stay tuned!
you're so nice! I would have just said, "You snooze, you lose, SUCKA!" Tee Hee! I'm actually really nice. ;)
im feeling much better today. No pain. Glad the tooth is out!
What you think means more than anything else in your life.
#petpeeve annoying girl at the movie who won't stop talking about Brad Pitt and hot baseball players.
Yeah, but that's SO in right now.
magical powers bro.
is it that easy?!
Wrap it up Wrap it Up Boy , while I take this robe off !
You never fucking run on Franquer
Next paper is on a field study on annotations
This is just getting worse && worse..
I love that attitude! Your story is one that should empower and motivate others, thank you for the reminder!
Where is a true friend when u need them
Hey Miami fans...did yall know You All goy the Best NonClutch Superstar
Sometimes I want to just show up at your house, say hi, and tell you I miss you.
Yes. Include me :-)
Some of this stuff is pretty catchy! Riley is going to think Coach Kaleigh is so lame, haha.
Eating Kashi cereal is a form of punishment in some locales.
Tap into your adventurous side & go white water rafting!
#ThatOnePersonWho Always ruins the mood. (Follow Me!!!)
Nice! My first was on Quake 2. I had 4 great consecutive shots with the railgun, called a hacker, and kicked :/
I wish #oomf would text me. );
#livegive well what do you use!?
FIRE Flame
at KQED. about to drop some knowledge. or perhaps not. I'll keep you posted.
I played kickball today. Seems so much realer written out.
Am an old "audio guy" in terms of production skills and live recording. Going to work on single camera stuff first.
It's something about looking at beautiful things that I can't get enough of...
Working on my daughters scrapbook. They're so time consuming!!
Just had a call back with a girl that waved her hands in front of my face the entire improv. All I could do was take it. She's lucky, sayin!
Let's go lakers!!!
stupid people are funny, sad, but funny
Concerned parents can expose bad teachers and administrators.
Up to get the kids and wife off to school. Finding it hard to get in the shower while the game is on.
u r so fun
Big ups to Jesus!
“: Good luck to in their own version of takeingon Cornell in a Frozen 4 #LetsGoTerriers”
I sorta <3 you!!! Thanks for the smile!
I'm not sure Independence counts, but it might be worth it for a craving
It was a bad 1st week for my FFT's but we will bounce back next week...The day is nice in the Detroit. Pray for my mum's..kidney removal..
?? Confused to how you got out the kitchen 0.o
Hmm...good question. Gorgonzola Stuffed Dates, Purple Chopped Salad and Maine Lobster Baked Mac and Cheese are very popular.
Then Going To The Mall.#MoneyBitch.#SaluteTheTroopsBitch.G.F.B. Damage Mode.It's Problems Bitch.
Hi Jan, Thanks for the follow. Cheers!
I love getting to work early!! This afternoon is all mine! :)
why not
I see "Scotch" staying away. Weak stomach, I don't want you taking care of me for two days, Ha!
hm....if only there was a barometer :)
Im so sick of being put down by my mom, who didnt ever go to college, and got knocked up by her fuckface ball driller dude. Whose the f ...
#erl12 Steven Sowell talking about ER Management @ Oregon State University
wear their uniforms backwards, during warm ups!
tonight catch my mixes airing on and
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. -Eleanor Roosevelt
SPRING into Summer with fab Jewelry!
Don't forget we'll have music tomorrow and every Thursday evening! Come check out Heck Yeah!
Tim TIMMYboy refered me to you about possible gigs available with my company....Would you be interested??
happy day of birth !
I saw on that the Paramount Theater in Asbury Park is haunted, now I want to go to !
Overdid the chipotle in my strawberry chipotle barbecue sauce. Ribs for dinner. Tears for dessert.
both came out before I was born :) I've never seen cornbread tho
Happy Birthday to celebrating her big 3-0 on the island of Aruba!
Centennial High School Environmental Club & WPR are hosting a Paint Recycling Expo Feb 5th @ 9310 Old Scott RD Roswell, GA from 1-5pm
Presenting at the 20th Annual SDMA's tonight at Humphreys By the Bay. Good Luck to all San Diego Musicians!!!!
no But I know her..she real cool
made my day :) have a wonderful Easter with your amazing family!
Very good point, Lisa! Mktrs go crazy over them bc they're 1 of the next cool things but consumer education is highly lacking.
university of central florida or institute of design and technology........ hm
Going to hear Rainn Wilson speak. I heart Dwight Schrute.
Never thought I cud have a gud tome at the damn laundry mat.. I got my bear.. Watchn soap operas unfortunately but hey Theres women presen
Let's go KU!
hm, this is true! Haha
any plans for this eve? Heard about a pasta bake rave at ours, small 'get-together' with Juan's mates?! And drinks at the knife?!
Food > People.
Perfect! Name the time and I'll be there.
one day you will have earned enough #streetcred to bask in my presence
The best career advice to give the young is, find out what you like doing best and get some1 to pay you for doing it. Your time not theirs!!
haha yeah i saw his, tho yours are MUCH better!
To U too!
Uh oh! You gotta rethink your game plan! lol
thank ya :) ...How ya doin, biznatch??
Food. We will deduct it after the order is placed.
Anything really. I've worked in offices, retail, restaurants, education.
that's pretty funny but come on its not that bad is it?
<3 Want More Followers! ??#TeamFollowBack Get an instant follow back SIMPLE:&:EASY Follow-->>
Welcome to 2012! What is your New Year Classroom Resolution?
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people may nott regret divorce but they don't regret the process of divorce.
"Stop criticizing yourself" -Amelia Garrish #Thanks Mom
I hear ya!
miss you too big bro, how's your break?
Yeah, baby. A/B test that shit. I'm going to get a donut.
Thanks so much again for the reliable updates on the meeting.
Uncle Denis is gonna shave his head and replace you ;) Let's get it trending!!!
First up keynote speaker
I love your smile . c;
@ @ @ I want to give him a few more days ty for always looking out 4 me...it has been a week
I was waiting to see some Doolittle on here....I hope you're loving Miss Adele as much as me! Amazing talent.
Y-Me cancer run with my mom!
Run him off a cliff break his legs then run down shoot him We are still somewhat backwards but still have guns and proud of it!
Awesome combo
"pet leavings" how poetic!
The Perfect Pitch: Reluctant Reader Meets Familiar Title Comparisons, e.g. It's the Simpsons Meet Harry Potter
We <3 the future! Especially the hoverboards. PRT Every time I use it feels like a preview of the future.
We just tried in the office and were duly impressed. said "almost *too* easy...".
haha as u call her in videos bitch tits
"Reflection Level 3 allows us to create solutions." Dr. Chris Renda at ISPI-FRC tonight.
...with no regard for human life..
Ugggg off of spring break back to school:(
Thanks to everyone that came out last night. It's always so amazing to see all your shining face along with new ones too <3
love you guys
We love them, btw!
Best idea ever is a like 50% off ! Then get as the spokesperson and you guessed it #Winning #Deal$
wah have a headache and want a nap but have a midterm, paper, and meeting.
Repubs are down in the polls b/c their tax favoritism has been exposed. How else could the Prez be doing so well with this economy?
What's cool about the Black Panther animation is how they mimicked John Romita Jr's signature art style & character design.
Congratulations Lady Bears! Luv watching you play:)
has anyone ever seen an Elderly Dike ?
Nokia files patent lawsuits against HTC, RIM
Go organic its the way to stay healthy, love this:-)
Thanks for the follows new friends!
get ready the holiday gala is right around the corner!
sing to me man!!!
Oh my. I don't feel good.
Oh that was sent to YOU?? Clearly I missed that one. And wow, I said the same thing, too. No one's impressed d-bag, lol.
q paso amigo?
Loved the casita at the Pasadena Showhouse!! Wonderful!!
That was in Niles, right? Man do I miss Ohio. Are you in college now?
pick me!
that's true wait until you see my pictures I draw
THANKS for the SCHMAP!
I need 9 more followers to get to 2000. I will give free tickets to a show for whoever the 2000 follower is whoever brought them here!
Congrats to your mom for even being on gmail... still working on mine from a generic account.
First day of class....10-15 page paper by March....YEA!!!!!!!!!
Starting Monday as a designer at Gannett's Louisville Design Studio. Onward and eastward!
Happy Friday!!!! What an awsome weekend! Heidi and Wix have a gr8 one.
Oh boy who steph tryna beat up??
Working on presentation for the conference this week. It is always strange to go back & read your work
RT : Very important news: it's Friday. Dress for the occasion.
Thanks for the love, Shayna! xoxo
so cool can't wait
day three of this headache... #MS any advice people
I could have gone to Cannes. But I have important Dancing with the Stars business to see through next week's bitter end.
how can I find you on facebook?
Woohooooo! RT As soon as I finish my morning workout I need to find a gown for
Great vacation in South Florida, but nice to be home in #ROC (and back on radio today). Overall high marks for
but, IMHO, we need plain text to understand or interpret the rich humanist mark up and the complex analytical analysis 2/2
Thank you both for sharing my report; hope you found it useful!
Good work tonight boys! #PacersPlayoffs 👍 🏀
Man WHAT! RT : Damn it's cold out here!!!!!
Learn something new every day! Go to AACTE.com to see what's waiting in our future!
perhaps the coolest mistake i've ever made: played the Radiohead "Reckoner" 45 at 33 RPM. it honestly sounds incredible.
I'm still playing Angry Birds, but it seems like their are tons of new apps. What are your favorite apps?
I kno I'm not the only street nicca that seen Future videos and be like wtf, I'm not saying he lying but I can't see dude selling anythi ...
Lmfao RT : And Eight-balls. RT Josh Hamilton was put on this planet to do one thing: Crush. Baseballs.
I'm going for love that man.
now thts wat im talk'n bout!
but didn't Jesus fulfill that law?
uglier!! We can't run the ball yet again. Looks like another long year.
Dig the new toolbar in Firefox...very nice...SERP overlay, link highlights updates and all.
Don't forget to check into SECO 2012! SECO will be giving away prizes throughout the show to attending Facebook fans!
well that's sick, do you gotta keep it on for a while?
09 Cabernet with chicken lettuce wraps for
I got a thing for a hardworking cuban from miami...its all about the 305! RT RT RT ♥
now i can lien to all i want hahahahaha!
oh I do need to talk to you
Very happy with Andy's start, even if the score is not in our favor.
Hahahaha funny. But I think u got it twisted. Cuz umm the last time I checked I was hotter than u!(; ur just saying all this (c)
yuup! Ha oh did you tell sbk about the board?
With a attitude like that. your never EVER gonna work for a major promotion, be glad you even got a shot in TNA. LOLROH LOLTJP
Deal! I'll be sure to ping you.
Congratulations! Those awards would look super-cool on slowly rotating bases....
why did my dad had to be so tall and skinny!?! >.<
Would your iPad 3 sleep out on the street all night waiting for you? I don't think so.
I'd probably be free after church, around noon. No pressure, but if it worked out - it would be fun to meet! You can let me know :-)
Great win by
yeah, maybe open up a saw mill. A lot of opportunity there!
Word out of D.C. is that there will be a 2nd hearing in the Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade on Friday November 18th
Tired of downtown. Having a 75 cent Pabst then going bowling. Anyone wanna join?
do we need a special pass to her into Big Bills keynote?
I rather be a kat dat keeps 2 hisself then a kat wit a room full of fakes
Anyone else notice the flames coming out of Vermes' nostrils.
How is 2pm tomorrow? Let me know which number I should use to call you.
We don't think $1M is even close to enough, but every little bit helps and as the success of this page grows so will the total donations...
Follow for complete Super Bowl coverage!
Stick money in ya ass and Shit Pennies
Scheduling new lawyer career coaching clients.
awesome picture!
Why is the greatest DJ ever??? Because he played the guile theme dying garter toss.
ride it slowly, ride just how you like!
Love when "L" from #manbag tells me to Look out on the TV for him when he will be appearing on the court show judge joe brown
Come visit me at #ARMA's 2011 Conference!
Visit Max & Ruffy's this Sat the 12th from 12-4pm at Aveda in the Pentagon City mall in Arlington,VA!!
Your Boy E-Scharpf here - Glad you got to London Safe - when will you be back Stateside?
did just refer to you as "some researcher?" Surely she wasn't talking about me!
this makes me sad. Not the Joel part, but I am not partaking of a 'real thing' right now.
I'd love to see OT in the game.
“The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.” Elbert Hubbard
when you smile i melt inside!
What we could be > what we are.
I wish today was SENIOR DITCH DAY
Twitter says we're "similar" ... I'm honoured. :)
Just wondering if there was a reason. Sounds like they probably taste pretty good. Flour would be for texture and shaping.
did you hear me?
I'm sure. If it makes money, it'll be for sale. °o°
No but, but I've said "Get rid of the Car Fox"
Padvertisement will partner with Verizon and the M2M (machine to machine) secure 4G network.
": JUST ROOTED AROUND OVERHEAD BIN FOR LAPTOP #livetweetingasianguynexttomeonAAflight19fromJFKtoLAX" is he a Mac or Toshiba?
You know it homie....
Vanessa, what are you hearing on storage array flash memory security?
Rabkin builds on the importance of including students' opinions about teaching in studies - v impt for policymakers
oh god me too
ew, you bit him?:L
aw baby Soph!
lol ok I'm do that this Sunday. Have a Great weekend and mothers day with your fam.
you'd think Roberts would be embarrassed to call himself an ad man, but there must be something to his trickery
AH AW SUZZY I SORRY!!! I totally forgot :( forgive me? <3
- looking forward to ur talk. And yep, is sold out...we can't wait for 3/15!
Sustainability is not liberal or conservative, it's for the planet. Everyone is affected.
Well, we all know that typos are challnging.
Happy Birthday to !!
me too!
Be on the look out for #SkateBoardFresh on full rotation at the shop.
Mayweather won and thats final!(: it was all skill, so don't think that Cotto just went easy on him for him to win
If it pleases the court
Probably the 26% no one wants to see...
is good w/ TUES pm; was my idea to go later, since such a high % total are in MDT; later better for me, less conflict risk
On my way to Church!!
That would explain quite a bit about twitter. I might have to adjust my approach to tweeting.
missing my fans <3
Let's go #Chicago Bulls!!
Actually, he's returned to #Celtics lineup. And Pietrus with a big three.
New school better get ready to hear the wrath of me tomorrow.
Good news. Great guy. ": Scott Dikkers returns as The Onion's editor-in-chief. Invented The Onion's sense of humor," says CEO.
Twitter and facebook completely blocked in China along with internet video content. Latest est. over 105 million christians in China!!
Seriously just shoot me now 😒🔫
You're a doll face
What are you getting your mom for #MothersDay?
Sweet dreams twitter folks.
#iplspring a feature can only be aesthetically functional if its appeal is NOT reputation-related
Injection of a drug into a subcutaneous site can be
Flopped mid set vs pair and a flush draw and he gets there on the river. 30k pot. Have 15k now.
Yarrow: You're standing up for what America essentially is - a place where everyone has equal opportunity.
do you wanna clean my apartment and do my homework for me, please and thank you
Can't wait for next week till I find out that I didn't get into the NY Marathon again!!!
Can I get a shout out bro? Thanks.
hell ya!
What motivated you today?
Overeem: After the Brock fight I was pretty banged up. Right ankle. Left thigh. Left rib. Left thumb.
And now California...
Did you DM me a link for gift cards, or was it a spammer
Tar Heel fans everywhere wishing you the best.
Mayne!! Spurs take the lead in the series 1-0.... Lessssggggggoo and have your game b playoff tix tomorrow morning
Should've made a stop in Las Vegas where I could have done all of the above, but without any hookers or blow. Sorry!
All these tweets from the past keep screwing with my mind and make me think I'm missing a game!
talking that game
Remember, we tease because we love! At least that's what people keep telling ME! LOL!
My mothers day wish is to have no plans today. Love it! Happy mothers day, all!
RT : 10 winners announced for 2012 Stephen Sondheim Inspirational Teacher Awards. Congratulations to them all....
First day of spring is a good day to start Pacers runs.
