Goddamnit. Silver-Painted- Jesus-Preachin- Homophobic- Homeless-Guy is on my train home. Too sober for this encounter. Oh, Chicago.
think u ment to say owwwwwww sexy
This years was the best year of my life.... <3
I love my little sister
I am having a problem with the profile rotator. It keeps giving an error when trying to upload. Please Help.
At breakfast can't way to go home an listen to BEATz!!!
Are you a home brewer or beer nerd in DFW? Follow one of our volunteers and great local home brewer, !
Yup. As my friend said earlier today regarding Yelp, "Karma's a bitch in the digital age."
Some random guy just added me on facebook. His name is John Smith. Yeah, that doesn't sound made- up at ALL .
To discourage #burglars install deadbolt locks that have high-security strike plates
Hah! I just went to last night. Cutting it close!
RT : Oh, you just graduated? Can I get an Number 1 with extra pickles and no mustard?
Thanks friend for the blessings!
i feel like i have been hit by a bus.
Murdered Philly's ass tonight!
:) You make me wanna shout!!!
Let me know what the class is like, I'm considering it ...
Erin & Andy are my favorite couple.
no wonder yo ass don't be responding lol
chinchillas are eating the wires again :) !! give us an update please so we know its not weekend blues
When all the girls on your team are PMSing at the same time
Bridesmaids cast and director all hitting the RC, not a very fashionable bunch, superb comedic display though :)
I don't have the prettiest face for you to see or the skinniest waist for you to hold, but I do have the biggest heart to love you with.
Lol it's only been since "95 for me LOL RT : Your Team Is Not Going To The Super Bowl So Keep Hating #ThatIsAll ;) lol
#OpeningDay (one of 'em, anyway)! Not hating #Marlins uniforms as much as I thought I would.
- wow, haters! how about being happy for someone who's making something out of their life based on a solid SDSU education.
Who Broke the Bank? Kourtney Kardashian or Maria Sharapova? Kourtney Kardashian and Maria Sharapova demonstrate how you can never go wron
Yes, exactly! :)
lol i am not how rude of you !
In a word. Yes.
watching the Daily Show
readme.cc is a stunning Austrian authors' collective. Their English book descriptions = priceless. Is "teutonically lush" a thing?
how u
Learning lots at #tocchicago incl my tolerance level for tally-talk... (Passed any 5 minutes ago)
I'm bringing sexy back... YEAH.
Fucking #vultures... Let the man be put to rest first.
no reggie over here boy straight KUSH lung burner nigga
Social media is great !! Especially when you plugins are F'd up. Write 1 post and now your repeating yourself ...repeating yourself
whats good nick hit me up I know ur brothers and I write for shawty from wild and out.. No bs
Hey how long will you be in Boston?
when said natick wrong. hahha he said naaatick not like nay-tick
The more I see the less I know, the more I wanna let it go
Yay Thursday! ! We have tattoo time and Ruben is piercing till 9pm!
I wonder how many hs students in #ward5 have taken or would like to take a tour of NPR. Let's expose them early to different career paths
hahahh thanks for the shot Chris
my wish for today...jobs come to me magically and I just do what I love...design
Very Mexican has got a great #Halloween special: Come in costume on Oct. 29th or Oct. 31st for 20% off your order!
i wanna have a 3 sum
congratulations Julie!!
I'm sorry Hun! I know how that is... You want to help but some people need to figure it out for themselves. The hard way :/
I'm going to be very disappointed in Packer Nation if Donald Driver gets voted off #DWTS tonight!
#WNST creating their own publicity again, if this is how #Leonsis is going to reconnect with Baltimore then #Wizards and #Caps are doomed
Yes, tweet about a husband's failure for the world to see...
GET "IN THE MIX" WITH THE ON MAY 17TH! WITH SPECIAL GUEST BE THERE!
Thank you Emily! Kids and I are having a dessert picnic after work at the Sculpture Garden. After #GalacticPizza of course:-)
That's the plan! :)
ya so I can finally get a fucking divorce
but I don't WANNA leave early, I wanna sleep in!
Its strange how life throws u a curveball wen u feel everything going down the drain god throws u a lifeline.
Talking today about Breaking Habits with , Patience with Allan Lokos, & Celebrating Life Every Day with
#honestyhour I wish I was skinnier. Flat tummy where are you
To love for the sake of being loved is human, but to love for the sake of loving is angelic
We have worked hard to get to where we are now & we're excited about what's to come!!
Selma Blair says she hasn't lost any of her pregnancy weight (she gave birth 7 weeks ago). Yeah, she's a fat ass.
The American Museum of Natural History was founded on April 6, 1869 and opened to the public 3 years later
Sorry nope not happening
GETCHA BUTT-NAKED ASS ON DA DANCE FLOOR ( AND POP IT FOR A NIGGA ).....
I love Franks!
#mbchats Calvino's If on a Winter's Night a Traveler. And Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. And A Brave New World. And 1984.
Thanks Nancy, I"m already following them :o)
getting awesome rolled tacos from a hole in the wall Mexican place. esta bien.
..+-_! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
*jawdrop* “: Darth Vader killed Obi-Wan Kenobi, but in fairness Obi-Wan was technically wearing a hoodie at the time.”
#Pacers ...they won the game sRT : Who gets the blame for the 's loss tonight?
What is Maverick's official arrival date? Sorry Lyss, you gotta be Goose for this reference to work...
Happy Easter! delivers Easter Baskets to Sunrise Children's Hospital with the Easter Bunny!
Come on in! RT : Parlour to Parlour is back! Michael Fortes sets the scene for the 2011 return of Popdose's video interview series.
I want to live in LA
RT : THRIVE Lunch 11:30am today at Buffalo Wings and Rings in Weston. Please join us for lunch and networking
Scratch my last status.. I just left Carrabba's doe
My mother protected me from the world and my father threatened me with it. Hehe :)
Dear , i haven't talked to you in 2561981 days. i miss you! :( love, your bestie(:
another soporific 90 mins with the Spurs, they make it easy to go back to bed!
Follow mee please!!
• Why u still up?
Can we actually pull this out?
How can I hate someone I've never met?
random shoutout to for being thee bestfriend ever and being an awesome pirate/truck driver! :)
The cafeteria at work is serving lasagna and garlic bread today. Sadsies
Haha no worries! I'm just a lowly first year. ;) Just making my way into the #libraryschool Twitter scene.
As promised, here's the reminder. Curb Your Enthusiasm, tomorrow night (Sunday) on HBO. Please tune in!
Truff. Got 99 problems and that bit&$ c Philly ain't one of them!!
Hmm. Checked in. 10 min wait for room has now stretched to 30 min.
Happy Birthday!♥
This week's reading is on Operating Physical & Technology centered security programs. 3 weeks left this term!
hope you had a testicular birthday! Great seeing you last night.
At the end of the first half of the ISAAC Boys Final: The Chelsea School 38 The Lab School 27
You're welcome! Please do let us know how it all works out. And if you end up getting a dress, we always love pics. Just saying...
it's do frustrating. I came into this season not expecting much but the 7-2 start had me thinking otherwise but I'm back to reali
Yes, caffeine an essential ingredient. Not ready for meter, let alone rhyme!
When bubbles texts me and tells me he dunked over on a 12 foot goal today >
You convict a man cause enough people pointed fingers. Then when the evidence ends up being shady, you still kill him. WRONG.
HAhahaha! This just made my day!
SEO Tip: Check your site for broken links, as your site may be penalised for such errors. There are tools online to help with this.
Gotta keep that up in the second half
I wish i could see you live
My body's beginning to look a lot like Santa…big & round & fat. Soon Jan 1 will be here, so we can all adhere to cardio & healthy fare!
haha. I can't do that. Id go crazy. I have to have my sleep! But you're an Angel can do anything. ;) I'm just boring Charlie
My dog is so strange. She jumps around ferociously at the sound of silverware, and now? At the sound of letters being opened.
I've seen the silent treatment before but that was a new one for me. was nice to see AP smile and his teammates having fun
Security is an illusion. Life is either a daring adventure or it is nothing at all.
I don't wink my eye at the females, i ain't that cheesy
Let us know when we can work together ..
Day three of #Rising wrapped up. Now we sleep for a week. -JO
P.S.: We're working on a way to let people decide what kind of innovative food they want to see next... Stay tuned!
Just finished making my "rules for seaside" poster. Bitches better abide.
it would be the best show.. Poor idiot bar owners on ss. Do like idea of hellsbrewers too
what was the name of that comedian we were listening to in the office a couple weeks ago?
very sweet!
I would love to have our talent reply to your casting.
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER: THERIVERSDSU
My phone gets no love anymore 😔
It takes the "desire" to do it, to be a journalist.
FOR THOSE WHO HAVE YET TO HIT UP THAT #TATTOOMUSIC WILL BEPRESENTING IT TO YOU LIVE APRIL 3RD AT HAVE A NICE DAY CAFE
i think that when we tweet on here we should put -(our name) so we know who's who :) -kaycie
I love leaaving my twitter open so my friends can use it !!!!
Weave itching like crazy and the #patyourweave does not work
I wish the Dollar Store would sell gas...
Cody Is Sexy and Angels Know It (:
NEITHER DO I.
That feeling when a film is all coming together better than you even imagined. #Rising -JO
We need Pettitte quickly ....
Getting up at 5 tomorrow like I do everday of the week -__- but I know it'll all be worth it.
J. Edger: biopic about a cross-dressing mower attachment.
It's raining men in MS. YOUNG by
941 Payroll taxes due this week. Pay by Tuesday...online, better do this Monday the 14th to assure timely processing!
MSU Libraries concentrate its Chicano/Latino materials from Michigan and Midwest -- D.Riviera
How many deer can fit in one yard?
Xbox gets about 40 new entertainment partners, but how many new gaming partners have they announced this year?
Editor interviews author Jim Cheshire for his take on the Kindle Fire and his book on the device, My Kindle Fire...
Chelsea 3 Arsenal 5, DID NOT SEE THAT COMING
Whilst I enjoy writing synopses for the AuteurCast, I sometimes can't help wondering if I'm laying on the alliteration a little thick. Nah!
And the vases look like mirror balls!!!
Double minded =
"The Intelligent Whale" Apt! RT In 1955, Ford asked poet Marianne Moore to help name their new car. Her list of suggestions.
Working on story about Wrightstown's Craig Nennig. His Grandpa was drafted by the Cardinals but declined to be with his wife instead. Aw
Aint got no time to shuck and Jive these niggas as sweet as pumpkin pie!
i voted for you!(:
Recommendation: Get dropped off at school. You most likely will be too tired to drive Saturday morning, and reduce risks of damage to cars
u two played great Sunday! Stay focused good things will come. Enjoy the time off
s clarkson photographed South Asian Art Festival, see virtual tour www.zanbeelart.com
Playing roulette with a box of chocolates. Would love it if they could standardize on the flavor/shape combos so I can avoid the crappy ones
Chatted w/ one of my fav librarians today. Love Cedar Mill Community Library. Just realized I've been a volunteer there for nearly 6 years.
Ballet barre, carrot juice and recording at Ocean Way... What an awesome day. Plus its gorgeous in Nashville today. Im feeling so blessed.
Underway in the third... #ACHA Delaware up 3-1
Great game dude. you need Joey S to get you a Sheen #Winning shirt. Tweet that shit.
God enters by a private door into each individual. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson (yes this means you!!)
I'm not an asshole, I just don't give a fuck a lot. (:<
IT'S GAMETIME!!!
Our class just got my chem teacher to make a twitter :D
Please follow me!!!
Oh ok, I can dig it homie lol.
“: Happy to be playing with our friends and at the Avalon in Santa Clara. March 22.”
Pumped love you
RT : DRose is counting on being ready for the playoffs. Im shocked DRose actually counted something without the help of anyone
Some cold beers and a nice grinder along with playoff hockey sounds like a hell of a night lets go rangers and coyotes
When you hear the truth and believe it because you feel as if it the real thing
Adtech is a little overwhelming this year
I'm interested in speaking
Local pride!
Shit just leaves a bad taste in my mouth
I'm on my phone so I can't send it, but if you go to youtube and type it in you'll be able to find it.
Still-angry Francona Won&#39;t Attend Fenway Park&#39;s 100th Birthday ...
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :) haha
accidental ghost tweet
yeah! i just saw them again! i'm trying to get a picture with my binoculars
WTG Suzanne Bonamici. Although I (barely) live outside of her district, she will represent Oregon well.
Good morning ppl
RT : Michael Turnbull suggests that the Campus Plan time period be lengthened, suggesting 5 instead of 10 years
Tuesday is Indiana Regional Medical Center Day! MIDWAY RIDES OF UTICA begin!
your vocals on #vulnerable are fucking kick ass! Your my idol even more now!
Thanx for the follow! Check out our affordable logo and website design packages to help with your jewelry business!
Hmm wasn't aware of it. Wish it was a bit earlier (because I'll likely put myself in a food coma) but I'm down to go if you are.
Thanks for the
I'm planning to! Looks exciting
RT : Grover Here are some things that are prickly:a cactus.A porcupine.And my Aunt Mathilda before she has her morning coffee.
I know, I wanted Schaub to win too.
it is actually!! I like it but sometime it can be sad b/c it rains a lot but we still get sun like right now. lol
Old city directory discovery from 1982 - Noe's Bar in SF used to be called Noe's Ark, which sounds way more clever.
Fortunately Chef Dan kept some chicken in reserve, so we can have Vietnam Claypot Ginger Chicken & Bok Choy, too! :-)
Woke up home alone :x not okay.
I suppose that makes sense. Did Moses have multiple wives? He was around 1300 BC, though. (If he even existed)
Finally got around to trying Dump Truck from GigaNews/Golden Frog. Nothing to report yet. No idea how much storage yet.
I get it & agree... Basic Human Rights should transcend majority rule.
Like I said, cheap rent!
It's #hot #hot #hot in #nyc today! Keep cool, drink plenty of water an don't forget to check out www.theactorsguidetoeverything.com!
Tired to be nice to people but fuck it think that shit don't work no more back to my old ways
RT : Great shoot today!
meannnny! Runs away
are you going to be at #2012c19? i will miss you! when will i see you again?
g0t a haircut. i think im in love with myself O:
I thought it was Jason Kinney at your office that you were referring to.
you spinnin tonight
"See a new picture on the mirror of your future and proceed "As If" it's your "Now" reality!
OMG thank you following my ! I got peanut butter stuck in my throat, how do I get it out?!
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 3
Cant wait for the Dead Throne tour to roll through with and
Okay, either this bar is elusive or literally disappears like Brigadoon. Anyone heard of a place in WI called Mythos Bar (& possibly Grill)?
The Dow Jones just closed at its highest point since May 2008. I am sure there are many people not happy about that
well I have NO IDEA how you can write in Japanese/Chinese, like how would the KEY BOARD look??
How's your eye? :)
#WWERAW Kevin Nash has lost his mind, Triple H is gonna beat the living crap outta him.
n I was the one who told my bro, to ask his followers for their opinions n thoughts towards what I tweeted
nice! howdy from an alabama expat and jealous wilco fan.
Friends who lie<<<
aww hi...Im fine. Was so busy with school i haven't been on here in a while. I have a 3.2 now...Im so happy. 38 more hrs left!
yes i am coming down all weekend
you make me fucking hate myself yet you say your the one person that will always be there for me.... wait WTF i dont think so Fuck You
Move to Austin!!! It's sunny here :)
Fletcher Cox is 6'4 300 pounds. A lot bigger then most Eagles DTs. They usually look at speed only guys
its kind of sad b/c they were portrayed as having such great character…oh well.
addicted to the song #speaknow! i cant stop playing it!!
You don't deserve any of the hate that you have gotten it's beyond crazy! Btw your son is adorable!
just received an email announcing that there will be an event announcement email sent out tomorrow
Literally falling asleep sitting up while waiting for Christians tattoo to be done..
every day, 2,500 Americans are forced into bankruptcy by medical costs, the leading cause of homelessness in the United States
Hey, they like the ladies : Gorman, Slaton, Money and Moore will play in the 3/3 pro-am Sun City Open, an LPGA event. OK then
how goes it for you? The vegan thing is taking gold quickly (this time). I miss cheese, but it passes.
welp I'm off to bed...night twitter peeps! will be taking over while I sleep some more ;)
8 pm tomorrow
Congrats to & for making top 121 Best New Hotels in the world!
I think my mom is on facebook, probably stalking my bro and my ass.....
Listening to One Direction and typing up Chapter three of my fanfic. The link is on my page if you would like to read it
Great and You
The team just returned from a 7 day backpacking trip to #Yosemite Nat'l Park. Hiked 37 miles, camped, fished, and totally rocked out!
oh k
So whose watching Raw tonight
about to start international stout day!
Well said!
Do any football teams in England wear 'throwback' jerseys or kits, like some NFL teams do? Maybe fitting for team founding anniversaries?
Impractical Jokers >>>>
RT : mini marathon, Indianapolis Indians, Cinco de Mayo, Kentucky Derby, and the Pacers in the playoffs..could this...
i will
I attended Bob Levine's Executive luncheon yesterday. This was at Legacy Financial Services. If anyone wants to join this small networkin…
Firefighter Combat Challenge Comes To Lawton, Oklahoma This Weekend - PR Web (press release)
#GoogleCt #appsct Check out Tools > Research in Google Docs. So Cool! Thanks Google There are no excuses not to cite says
Forty is the only number the letters of which are in alphabetical order.
And hungry
cool twitter avatar ya got there pal
sweet twit pic. (;
Honestly, I keep forgetting that I even have a twitter.
Grown Ass Man
OFF TO THE GYM SUCKS=CARDIO
Texting ma Bestie Hannah!
“There are no rules for good photographs, there are only good photographs.” - Ansel Adams
The Ss investment always seems to come through in their reflection pieces, which we include with the pub'd multimedia piece.
Guess you'll have to wait and see :).
Smh off work. Bunch of dicks at work man. Refuse to take shit from anybody.
wow, that's crazy!
voluntarily leaving. I'm the new Manager of Game Operations 4 the Washington Wizards & Mystics. Kristi and I move this weekend
It won’t ever get old, not in my soul
What's the weirdest ornament you hang on your Christmas tree?
Google wants to pay the bills to spread your message & make more $$ when more peeps watch you via
I wish would choose my outfit everyday. She's always looking her best!
I already knew I wasn't the only nigga I knew my place I knew everything she,was tellin me she was tellin her other niggas cnt trust her
"IM I LIKE TO PRETEND IM RICHER THAN I AM & SAY REALLY STUPID SHIT BECAUSE IM AN ATTENTION WHORE & I LOVE TO EAT DIARRHEA"
takes school projects too seriously. Did you see her twitpics of her poetry book?!
I remember watching newport harbor and all the cute prom stories
Happy Thanksgiving CANADA!!! I love my family! :D
Bad Boys 2! Never gets old.
that and guys with nice watches. The two best things. But if they have both. Forget about it. Game over
I don't want a circus in my mouth!
I hope everyone has a amazing day and night. :)
Just glad to have you in the fold - young man.
we need to attend said
Saw that! Been a huge fan of yours for a while now, btw. Standing ovation.
when I c light again we smokeN Zz's! U no how I play everyman to the head! I'm nt passN shit! Its on the table roll up smoke up!
Anyone go to Cover The Night last night in Philly?
#Apple understands "up and running." Who else does? Alarm clocks are more complicated to set. Cars need manuals to know tire pressure.
Well, I sucked at tennis practice today :(
It's been that way for years. I actually thought they were dead until they announced the Flavor event this year.
lol maybe the ones you tried ;)
Thats what I was thinking.
If I never hear the word "compromise" again, I'd be OK with that.
Can you come on facebook ? please . My twitter don't work good.
#incaseyoudidntknow I love Taylor swift. Hahah! Of course you already know! You must be new here if you didn't know!
when will u be back to the usa?
is off set early and looking forward to my final scheduled shoot date,tomorrow, for my role in the Feature Film that is filming in Big Bear.
meet and greet event in march at , coming soon
Touchdown in Seattle
me too..thanks for all your help!
Sat night in the valley of the sun! LAKERS & SUNS in 45 mins!!
RT : Happy to hear that a client of mine RealNetworks Unifi won Best of Show at CES.
I'd do horrible things with James Franco.
PLEASE do this is Jacksonville!!! That would be awesome to meet you!!! :)
HuntSmartly, is a new smart-phone app that helps apartment hunters sift through the many Craigslist listings
Main course.
I know you miss me I can tell by the way you kiss me
YAAY! Where's girl's night? I wanna party with everyone!
Hisd has a way of pissing niggas off at THE START of a whole new week 😔😠
who's saying there is?
"Connected. Take this REPL, brother, and may it serve you well." fuck yes
I'm glad the Bulls are out. They play some shitty basketball that, quite frankly, I don't want to watch.
We did indeed! Coming to our website soon!
yes indeed! : )
Felt like I was out of my orbit, then I had my special moring brew....now I feel better, so much better :-))
Finna Be Up For Awhile, I'm Not Tired At All.
Blessed is he who has found his work; let him ask no other blessedness. Thomas Carlyle
bruins I LOVE YOUU!
isn't all minestrone vegetarian
That looks heavenly...
I am mad i can't view my tweets or my profile i don't know whats going on any suggestions?
Maybe he was just getting a piece of lint off?
thanks Keith. Good luck with yours, too. I look forward to seeing you in Denver.
seriously?! What happened
Happy Pi Day everyone!
someone's not happy ;)
Thank you kindly for the RT! Glad that you enjoyed the article. Let me know if you have any questions that I can answer for you.
Just Be.
RT 4all of you who dont know what a twitter diet is is when you spend a time without tweeting to relax
I'm totally getting a car wash today! Thanks ask
YES! : U can't claim 2 support #VAWA if u don't support protecting ALL victims incl #LGBT #native & #undocumented!
oh heck yea! that is awesome. SO, that means you have like a week to learn all the words to our new EP right? hahaha :)
& It's not even my birthday.
Ohh oops.. Lol, how did you even see that? :p
i loove you really(':
Pay-Rod = crybaby. 8 yr old Yankee fan I've been trying not to cuss in front of all night = SERIOUS potty mouth!
Onto another week full of nothing to do, I may just leave for now.
Awh no problem :] Well you must have great taste in music then x]
na I was headed to the train..nigga all da crack heads was sleep! Lol
my laptop died and I decided to go all in with an iPad. It's been different but positive so far.
Ah yes! For our band's party, our bassists grandma was sporting a blue mohawk
they say the apple doesn't fall too far from the tree.
I have to agree that Bachmann's migraine dustup seems sexist, but who pays for the drugs she takes for it?
GAMEDAY!!! hosts #16 Cornell at Noon at DBMilne Field! HUGE GAME! Baseball at Ga Southern Softball at FSU!
RT : Pregnancy massage is a technique created specially to deal with the side effectrs of pregnancy. Many women find it...
I would want all my friends bands to play the most kickass farewell show.
hey...bye
I'm glad to hear that!
Slow jams
Guys are creepy
which one is yours? The first one?
Thank you for the RT! Thinking of going?
Linsanity tonight at the Garden! Very excited! I Prob. won't make it past the 1st half tho...
still on mountain time.
#thecomedy looking forward to this!
It's a sign of weakness, so the dollar may fall.
not home, still at the airport. Flight still good so far.
That's like the drink equivalent of having to go to the grocery store and get feminine hygiene products.
JVMT/GoodLife Studio's come check us out! We mix, master and engineer. Hit us up. Inbox me!!! Text me!! Beats for sale! We do it all!!! !!!!
Our Executive Director has same b-day as u. Add 1/12 B-day peeps on your TV show-H. Stern, R. Limbaugh, O. Platt, A. Griffin!
Good morning all! Another beautiful day in LA.
Feature Film Idea: "Honey, I Turned The Backyard into a 'Honey, I Shrunk The Kids' -Based Theme Park."
maybe he was just trying to check out the new tattoo? Hahaha.
The first condoms in the U.S. were made from vulcanized rubber in the 1870s.
Betsey Johnson scares me 😖
You're pretty awesome too! :)
On Nov.2, 2010, it only takes 10 seconds to secure a successive 4 years for DC by writing in Adrian Fenty for Mayor!
I love my HoodieBuddie :D
Lose yourself in the moment, you own it.
RT : Don't forget, our 2nd episode is going up tomorrow (5/9) w/ our guest who has been in cinema & television for almost 30...
Ever seen "Her Morning Elegance" by Oren Lavie? One of my personal favorite music videos!
Re: Hate-watching Smash. I started watching 'cause of you & now I have a word for why I continue.
Perfect! RT : YES! RT : will that be the company tag line. ... "we love your lazy ass" ;)
Many pop culture backlashes are based in a jealousy of other people having a good time.
thanks soo much!
thanks for the tip, will check it out. Currently trying to select a group of polys (census blocks) within another poly
thanks for the RT. :)
Hurray for power being back on! Almost 24 hours with A/C, interweb, or coffee!
The Rockies & Braves are playing a 1pm game... Come grab some lunch and watch a little bit of America's pasttime.
sometimes, girls do that, too ... .
In Dupont right above the circle.
Great week for Jason Snelling
have a great weekend
Replace fear with love. The human mind is like a fertile ground where seeds are continually being planted.
Let's go lakers
My 👣are killing me!!!
Audio Addiktion will be covering the today!! We will be posting pictures and audio interviews with the bands soon...
Love @ First Bite! Sink UR teeth in2 a nite of a #romance & #passion Dress like a #Vampire this Friday & get in for FREE!
Anything good on TV?
I meant sex, but I hit c instead and then t changes it to 2nd
awesome, thanx for the link, I'll try and make it out to one of the meetups
Those attending 's boot camp receive 60% off their ticket to tonight's Big Idea. Don't miss this opportunity!
4 days until Mother's Day. What will you get for Mom? has some great local ideas on at 6:30.
What it do TweetHearts??? About to have study Group Lmao!!!
your podcast with last time was perfect...got to get you on. Ill see you at trackwork Thursday morning
“: Can y'all tell I'm bored and wide awake??” hell ya I'm "bored and wide awake" too..Super Bowl=drunk!!
Time to start planning for St. Patty's day! THE ENDERS are playing Lafayette Brewing Co. More to come!
Yay for no work!
I love you Mama Mahone! You were there for Austin through everything. Your honestly his bigger fan<3
What's NOT RIGHT?!
Missed the #superbowl cause i had to work.
Woops! , meant to send that from the account. Thanks for the follow, though! You're doing good things in NJ.
To all the people following us. Thank u and stay tuned for #product launches.
thanks for the follow,Captain!
m...semester's over for students, but I still have a lot of grading to do. No rest for the weary.
Good luck! MT just completed your trivia quiz in anticipation for tonight!
I think we all are to a certain extent~ searching becomes a scavenger hunt!
mfs foolin in college hill tonight! fina turn da news on..
please... 3am please not even close to my bed time ;)
took a nice piss on the bathroom floor today with
What game are you playing in life
MATTEAU MATTEAU MATTEAU... Ok I"m gonna try and stop doing that. But I aint promising nothing lol
It's great to see y'all on Twitter!
same here but we went home for that lol
I got three cookies, but I really should have just gotten two.
post pics, I'd love to see the set up.
idk ask Precious, its a skool field trip
Done #amWriting. Working through a tough scene.
thanks! You too!
OMG IS IN THE SAME STATE AS ME<3 #followback?
yes!!! Can't wait!
VOP month-“I lost my father and my job all within the same year. It's hard to take care of my children with no income.” Recent client
is home..off till Monday!!
Clare Coleman: States that use the Medicaid program are required to offer family planning health care. States that exclude it get sued.
haha it is cool and I LOVE IT but the wizard's back room can be exhausting!
I actually ran an under 8 minute mile today. Been so SO long since I could. Short 4miler tho.
you put more smiles on people than the world itself
You gonna head to Philly for Lacrosse Sunday Funday???
OMG ikr? if she doesnt tell her mom i swear i will
hard to work when its this nice out. plus i have to take kid to a friend's birthday party tonight. who scheduled that?
Zed's Dead Baby #threewordfilms film
FL bound in a few hours!
I hate waiting
(Rich) Welcome Carman to the team :)
haven't heard from you in awhile, were u still interested in sponsoring items for our scholarship program?
raggae music, lobster soup & home made bread at the Bermudian uncle's home
I never thought that you'd be the one to hold my heart, but you came around and you knocked me off the ground from the start <3
I'm starving. 😖
I'll be at Barleys at some point Saturday
We love you man!!!
Dear dollar store cashier. You are terrible.
<--- He would take yo girl out to dinner, nd give her different thoughts about you. *Shrugs
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW I SENT YU! SHE OPENED FOR CODY NOV. 19TH 2011
Internet Download Manager v 6.11 Final Build 7 + Crack | The ...
JUST WAIT TIL YOU SEE HIS DRILL
anyone know of any guidance on how historians manage data in a way compatible with NSF grant requirements?
DO IT!
"Andrew Young: John Edwards Called Mistress A 'Crazy Slut' #huffpost Maybe he shouldn't have left his wife for her!
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS... LMAO #RETWEET #FOLLOWBACK POW!!! 5
Special thanks to for tweeting today's event at
Unforgiveness is like drinking a poison and expecting the other person who did you wrong to die.
That is a weird problem.
Looking to publish in high impact journals shouldn't be the driver of research.
Welcome, Christopher. Hope you had a great weekend :)
Happy Haitian Flag Day....We Fought To Gain Our Freedom, Now Lets Continue To Fight To Gain Respect....God Bless.. Sak Pase?
Orange County #1 for search word #SeoOrangeCounty "Upfront Consultants"
I have a invention also, for a adult sex toy, how do I get my idea sold, in stores or sold online and patent.
Thanks for the follow. We sat next to each other when Tim Pawlenty visited Meres Bulles w/ Bill Haslam. Thanks for all u do!
2 WHITE CUPS AND IM DAT DRANK COULD BE PURPLE IT COULD BE PINK!.......sn.IN REAL LIFE
PLZ FOLLOW HER!
#BullsNation let's hope 4 the best on Sunday
So much to do in such little time. #iwantsleep wait, actually. Damn me. I procrastinate. Ops.
The perfect girl: Truthful, Intelligent, Gentle, Humble, Tolerant, Polite, Understanding, Sexy, Smart, Youthful (T.I.G.H.T. P.U.S.S.Y.)
Imagine being the ex of an artist.. All those break up songs are about you xD
15 days until i see them though omg
don't shoot me but the rangers for sure. and I want the rangers to play the devils.
#ihate when you ask someone how old their brother/sister is and they say what grade they are in.
Huntington woman reports being shot multiple times with BB gun - Huntington Herald Dispatch
-Cough- well there IS one other person..
Kagans remarks on the Obamacare case are really scary! How on earth did she ever get approved for the bench??!??!??
Good night! RT Good night everyone! Hugs and love!
KLUSOZ TONIGHT LADIES & GENTS!!! WE JUST KEEP ROCKIN!!!
hello twitter world :)
Hey I hope everyone had a good weekend ^_^
“: Too much to do in life, with so little time.. & pointless drama is the last thing I need right now.”Amen🙌🙏
is a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad person.
Twenty-five boxes coming from UPS? Bring 'em on!
psh I still don't even know what spotify is
Arsenio Hall: "I'm gettin in yo ass!" Clay Aiken: "You might want to rephrase that."
medium coffee with cream
Talk things through without anger or frustration. Clear headed communication leads to "clear" answers:)
still cant get love sick out of my head , i love yous please follow meh <3 2
a gorgeous and Sexy woman like you, anyone not following is missing out!
Ok, I will get a truck for the weekend. I have a shovel already. Get ready.
I Cried When I remembered your smile and our fun times.
Why is all ot your tweets squares?
It's time for work on Monday. Good thing I have a name badge because I forgot who I am.
Shut up. You Have Nathan♥
The patio is kickin' and the garage doors are open! Its time to play hookie and hit Happy Hour!
lmfaoo my mom was about to go in!!!!!!!!
haha will do;D just me n my mom live in my house in san diego;D
yep and I'm about to pick another fish.
Love / in its purest form / builds upon itself / by healing wounds / and bringing light to the darkness
it's my second time :)
Cooked a cold piano Melody
RT : Thank you chef! You set the standard for Latino cuisine across America! Buen provecho!
Just went to to grab the ingrediants for the 2 day cleanse.
Thanks to Martin Luther King Jr. for being a leader in #civil rights, which includes #Disability!
The Samsung Vibrant is just obnoxiously awesome. I'm really enjoying this new phone :)
of to see the Wizard...
Your cousin confirmed for UFC Sweden! Very Cool.
Time to rise out of bed and start the day
I enjoy trying to figure out what book people are reading on their kindles on the bus. That's not creepy right?
Rain, rain go away.
#Moebius'spoetrychallengeMotherfuckers hundred characters, I'm sure you could get in more, but master sudden subtlety as never done before.
Thanks for the mentions
hey when you need to dig up good stats and data about mobile browsing, where do you typically turn? any one spot in particular?
Hey Travis! long time, no tweet! :)
Want the most money for you #books bring them to BookHolders! We are open till 10.
#britta in love w/ #subway. insanely funny on so many levels... you make product placement awesome
who gives a fuck what Bristol Palin thinks?
Just. Like. That.
I read that on a blog, but not sure if the evidence is that strong. Many people seem suspicious.
i hate when your inner prankster/teaser comes out! I WANT TO SEE #BOYRFRIENDvideo excited ;DD
wow! That's a lot of Kinders! How many tchrs on ur team?
I don't like being called a hipster...as I do not dress in florals and thrift store clothes..I wear band shirts even when they are bleached
#marc11 The Tao of Pooh. What a great slide title.
Watching the basketball game. At work chilling
Loving your work!!! Hope to make it on May 4.
": This is a layup drill for Kentucky.....Arkansas is makin it tough to watch! #Hogs" ur a Football school long knocker.
Blu-ray Review: All Things Fall Apart via
All is quiet on new years day -U2
So generous, mil gracias!
i actually have a reason to live
Tomorrow. Pre Superbowl Party at Le Bain. New York Night People!
If u or your friend had a fitted cap with gator skin & a watch on it
please update me on what's going down w wufc. Been away from twitter all day. Pvt msg if u want.
LMFAO! That's what emojis are for doe 😉
Productive walk of shame
APO Music Group
heading to the Diversity Communications Committee.
Sigh, that's the only way!
nice! where's that?!
lol wow Chief whats next, rating their Girlfriends.
The instrumental demo of "I know I'm Not Wrong" is really great.
*blushes* No problem... <3
I would die in ecstasy
Scott Simon of #PIMCO. #govt has always been involved in
I wanna have a naked pillow fight with you. Lol. Can I bring a midget and a donkey?
Yes, he brought back lots of fish. I threw it into the Fry Daddy and it was delicious. Oh, Martha White....best hush puppies ever & EASY.
Happy april fools
We found love, took it for granted, and lost it.
An article about Earthways Ice Melt Spreaders » W32 Article Directory - spreaders
Can't wait for the Beer, Bourbon & BBQ fest this weekend. 3rd year in a row. Shame their website, ticket sales crashed multiple times
Went to Hobby Lobby for the first time amazing experience<333(:
I can't believe other countries are allowed to celebrate the New Year before America. Some superpower we turned out to be.
Alex already ruining the meeting
Steak and Wine night this evening. Come enjoy a Rib-Eye for just 16.95 or our Drunken Hangar for 12.95!
eating gummy bears and they are delicious! Haribo!
The camera allows one to see the world through the imagination # photography
anything with melted cheese and a tortilla wrapped around it is fucking delicious.
Submit your pitches to
Now tapped: Arsenal's Bone Dry cider! At 11.5% ABV this one is a doozy!
I hope it don't rain today...
good to see you on the Twitter Marti!
Happy Friday, enjoy your day.
thanks dude.. Come to our show at Petes Candy Shop January 28th!
best game for the thunder ever...they whooped the lakers. Lol
It's time to get that base tan started. Unlimited Memberships starting at $9.95/mo.
Stomach flu farts? I popped in at the wrong time. Think I'll avoid ya'll
It's hard for all of us to except changes... Especially when it comes to people.
gold stars for all of my strong clients today! funniester day ever, one client said "I am going to feel this in my knee fat tomorrow" =)
Wore my contacts today......SUCCESS! :oD
Whatever happened to stirrups? They've gone the way of the mustache. They were both cool in the 80s.
You would be wrong about that.
i finally remembered my password!! took me long enough!
I am curious. Would any of you ever leak music that is unmixed and unmastered? Why or why not?
Only class of the day cancelled
Just talked 2 Vega. Watch the interview on Roc City @ 7. Jackport is $540M. What would U do w/it? Tweet yur answer 2
I hate block schedualing .
i miss u to i been good
it was ramirezzzz
why are you so horny?
Can't wait to start classes in Miami..
Join with for High Performance Branding for the Modern Age on 11/10 #Advertising #Design students R free w/ ID
Think of the best thing that could happen, and assume that it will. Marianne Williamson
We'll be playing in Battle Creek, Mi April 21st and Jackson, Mi at Rockapalooza June 23rd. We'd love to come to Ann Arbor!
#twittercte facilitating a session at the CTE on using Twitter in the classroom
HAHHAHA...You know I like to play teacher!
Thanks for the like, Wendy Heniken Cooper! We look forward to working with you!
Dont mind me. Just reading the Federal Register on the bus ride home.
Retweet if you can't go a day without listening to music.
nope, but you were on a code academy list and I followed a few people on it. :)
Your having fun while I'm alone missing you :p
True-Twit under DDOS ATTACK!! Due to spam-bots--&*%$!! that's probably where my spammers came from!
Thanks for the mention!
Okay, SO. It's Oct.23rd..and I just realized that retweeted my tweet..on Sep. 24th. Well way he's amazing.
really nice, everyones dream!
Hope everyones enjoying there day! :)
Hm Jane' ? Or s Addiction? Who knows...
And I know my timeline hasn't changed that much from last year. Definitely a lot of converted fans.
ohh yeah it goes down too much and i sit and wait like O.o
is there a cap on how many people can be on a single team at the 4/24 Bell House Trivia night?
Love it. At my 1st startup my happiest & productive work happened at 2am w/ tumbler/rocks/vodka/olives
Was expecting to go out to eat but of course my sister took 4896729572395 years to put on her uniform.
Who's up and bored DM me
Yay!(: I FINALLY got checked out of school!
Watching a guy run in the park, stopping every 1/4 mile for a smoke break. You're defeating the purpose, dude.
please Rt this brother entered hospice and needs prayers. A Rt by u would get the word out please!!!
My mom told me not to say yolo and im lookin like wth is yolo then she told me to not play dumb im young wth i dont know wat it mean 4real😳
Thanks all joining #HDSholiday, keep the tweets coming! Wishing everyone a very happy holiday!
you was going #pianocrazy,lol. i broke a key before,
HA, it is very meta, isn't it?
if u are a True Belieber then Please follow me !! I love and support justin till the end of time Please follow 4when u follow jb smiles!
where u at we lookin for u and u bet not be Cakin
not a bad day so far lol
Jacqueline Nguyen, 1st female federal appellate judge is here along with Circuit Judge Denny Chin. Obama doubled # of Asian American judges.
hope u r feeling better
Society awakens democracy. Somewhere along the way Milwaukee’s Social Development Commission disconnected.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too. -- Anne Frank
shaking off the effects of last night's collision perhaps? I think Nyjer is ready. 2 or 3 hits tonight.
And then there was that time jabbed his nose with a drinking straw because he forgot it was there
C'mon stop throwing and start shooting!!
!!! where in clintonville??
Thanks for following us guys!! U can check out our music at www.reverbnation.com/gypsyhealers
Going to sleep! Back tweeting tomorrow. Much love!!!!
fuck yeah lol I feel u :)
Dear school, i would appreciate it if you didnt make it 145614237178 degrees in the school sincerey, everyone!
shit no ones here, you can here a fly fart
Dont hate on it waz an honest mistake you might think tht icant say tht cuz im new but i hppnd to me befor no hate plzz
WOOT... Nyjer Morgan is the new batter... Crowd lovin' this move.
Welcome to the team, I know you are going to miss Memphis. Your perimeter defense will be key to obtaining a championship.
All of the sirens I'm hearing lead me to believe that it was a cannon
its only 4:19 in CST #jerks RT : Don't know about you, but I just SPRINTED out of the office when the clock hit 5.
Thank you for RT!
nothing cute about camel toe!
Billy Bush--- stop talking forever.
Boyz in the Sink??
We need to do a feature on ! I love the ! #hilarious #comedy "Crocs are not for guys!"
wow drake goes hard on the new album.......
Drinking is not the answer!
time to get this trending.........
Love how the field house is loud again!
Sanctus real is my new love. Especially daniel. <3
Having a great times with my friends!
well yea i didnt talk 2 him
Garza has been masterful today, and LaHair continues to rake. This game has been a joy to watch so far - BB
what's their actual one
HELP ALEX I NEED YOU
I think I may need some lessons...
WoW, what a ride or die chick
"Never doubt that a small group of commited people can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has."~M Mead
Thanks for the greeting and the follow!
Now running OSX 10.7 with the beta driver for Presonus Firestudio Mobile and beta version of Osculator. So far, so good.
Meat Loaf's Bat Out of Hell album has sold over 43 million copies. I own it. It's awesome and stuff.
A person hates for 1 of 3 reasons. 1) They want to be you. 2) They hate themselves. 3) They see you as a threat.
Happy Mothers Day!!
Yes please!!
I Took My Baby To The Doctor With A Fever, But Nothing He Found By The Time This Hit The Street They Said She Had A Breakdown-MJ 1982
omg Hairspray is on! MY FAVORITE MOVIE/ MUSICAL :D
I am so excited to hear your new stuff. :)
Im gonna miss make it or break it. Omg
that is some shiiiiit. Where u work at?
I creep with criminals and clowns I'm similar to Grimace ...
Thanks sweetie.. #excited :)
making fun of any murder is lame, I support most of your bmore politics, but perhaps stick to that, leave the comedy to the pros
We have a solid 1-3NLH with lots of chips flying across the table! Plus U still have all day to get the rest of your hours for our freeroll!
alright :) but you know it's gotta be the midnight premiere lol
Men on first and second for the #Orioles in the bottom of the ninth. Soriano's intentionally walking Markakis to get to Jones.
TGIF Go brewers.
Tonight! | That Good Good Fridays w/ sounds by & | 21+FREE | No Cover | No Dress Code!
Don't forget to visit the exhibit is you're at the Association for Asian American studies this week!
got housed
Whoops Singapore not US? Makes better send to me
a century-old rivalry may be over, but i will forever despise kU. chancellor gray-little's comment shows how bitter kansas is.
work: a client training, a site visit and then they are coming to my real office to visit us. (I'm a virtual employee mostly)
We look forward to seeing you here.
I would say ZOU but I'm a Republican so it would sound ignorant and I'm a rich white guy who doesn't "get it"
True Success is measured by how many people you care about and have been positivly effected by knowing you..... Lane
hush yo face
is just one week away! Have you bought your tickets yet? Save $10 when you use the special discount code under the Info Tab!
Thank you Keith for the sharing!
What are my values, how do I allocate my time, are they aligned, am I happy with that?
Yep he said it! "Actually, I don't hate cats, I'm just kind of afraid of them." - Clay Aiken
give me a moment, I have to download it on my phone because I only have it on my iPad kid
SLEEP IS FOR THE WEAK.
: You should've just come... everyone's so nice and great!
- I thought you were taking the camera gear?
for sure. I'ma DM.
good to hear. We should frab lunch one day. Im up for that for sure!
*For side, door, back glass,and stone chip repairs call Auto Glass Experts 414-409-7263 find us on Facebook.
Emotional abuse is abuse. Don't let men talk to you like your nothing. If they do, whoop their fucking ass
GUYS KEEP VOTING FOR THM SO THEY CAN GO BAC ON TOP CUZ THM ON #6 THTS JUST MESSED UP-__-
good lord I miss you three more then you will ever know! #ps that better not be queso
Alex Jones is cool. But you have to know when to walk the talk. Alex talks alot, should walk more. Billion shouts cannot move a single cup
jameson! A woman after my own heart :)
FYI - Equipment Failure in Philly affecting MegaPath/Covad data customers. Pipes have been down since 11:30 last night.
Bills are on the clock! No whammies!
Congrats to the students and alums who ran the #FlyingPigMarathon today!
please follow, i'd love u forever if you did! x
“: You got that camel toe”2 bell peppers in ya drawers!!
Normal day in Santa Ana: Woman walking with a see-through top. Can totally see her...... too bad she was old and fugly
BIG TRUCK DAY is May 12th -10am to 2pm at Baltimore Museum of Industry on Key Highway
Come join us today for Pastoral’s monthly artisan wine tasting! 12-2pm
I am not scared to tell you i like you. I am scared about what is going to happen after I tell you!;)
lean like a cholo was my theme song because gpoy
.think I'll take kaya and her passed out ass down to my bed and cuddle up for a nap myself....DUECES!!!
Golfing , fishing, you have way too much fun- I wanna help!
Get your #BallSoHard Ts tonight at the Charity BBall Game
#ihateitwhenimdrivingand a kid wanna cross the road unexpectedly...
Hi! I didn't realize you were down town!! Bet you have a great view!
Life's a bitch, so fuck it.
Pilates + kickboxing ...this is going to be a good class!,
good luck tonight Joshua your the best you inspire me and your my
I sometimes feel the same way.
everything is good here! just workin on new stuff :) how are you?
he's been tanning in the off season.
3G connection drains faster than wifi
I'll start my play calling now. It's all good. “: What is going on Packers!?”
Man ceased to be an ape, vanquished the ape, on the day the first book was written.
Been asked to produce a Celebrity Spouses cookbook Featuring recipes from Celebrityspouses.net members
All the more reason for you and me to do the internship tradeoff.
All I know is what I know and what I know now
Sad news, friends. No Bar Bacon this month.
Women earn just 76 cents for every dollar men earn in wa state. One of the worst gaps nationally.
At rehearsal. Good things in the works!
Hi am Greatness of Black Dize Entertainment am looking for a dj ? I have a few events coming up get at me asap
I need a tan.
he's the greatest. Alex is the king of all dogs.
Arghhh! The Encinitas Union School board is still deciding who the finalists will be for the Pacific View site. Maybe we'll find out next wk
Noeleen: If you have a likable spokesperson who is calm and collected, you can communicate more effectively. Be calm and cool.
So far its been an awesome day
well I think I deserved that heart of the ocean instead of Rose!! :p
It's another fun fun day at work
haha me either. We should set something up!
Thank you to everyone who came out to to celebrate 's birthday! Have a productive week!
I just realized Downton Abbey only has one w. Which makes a lot more sense, given the setting.
no problem girl(:<3
I wonder if Kevin Kenny got beat up in school yet.
I like to have a git commit log of all writes to my DB :)
I love my kindle! Thanks for following!
In Chrome, is it possible to set a default site to load when opening a new tab?
TV ownership falls for the first time
Here we go! Opening the season tonight with Madama Butterfly! Toi, toi, toi!
#officiallydivorcedfromreality RT : We can do it. Let's believe. Write in jose Canseco for 2012 MLB all star ballot.
Sign up for #rw24 tomorrow starting at 3pm. Plus catch #vinehout stump speech on Saturday at 2
RT : Heard about a cool Chicago startup that will help men dress with style
RT RT yeaah ! That'd b e dope! Ima tell him to send acapellas when I send him the beat...
stop hating on the Lakers when your boi Lebron get rings then you talk.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 98
Bryce Harper getting a nice round of boos from the Dodger faithful. First AB here.
Who is doing what today cause I'm bored and want to do something
Love you too Arya :{) You are really kind and thoughtfull always. Much Love! xoxo.
Going take a lil nap
Weather predictions for TX is frigid arctic air next week. Weathermen have been talking about this for over wk. Sure hope they're wrong.
#SinceWeBeingHonest I don't even know!
did the goat bite you?
The reason why I'm crazy and made most my bad decisions.... When I say my heart dropped... I turned right around
has been doing that for about a month now. I'm guessing it is most likely a known issue.
Managed to squeeze in some good banjo playing time. Yay, 'Redwing.'
I love seeing all of these #FollowFriday tweets for ! THEY ONLY NEED 6 MORE FOLLOWERS TO HIT 5,000 <3
what city do you live in?
Love the randomness of USPS delivery. Each morning the entire street delivers mail 2 the proper doors. A plot 2 make us speak 2 each other?
Don't miss sex trivia at 9 this evening with great prizes from babeland, crown and innervibe
god morning (:
Thanks for checking out our site! Feedback always appreciated.
#beardown no justice, no peace. Open season on Stafford.
There's a possibility that I have steep throat :(
happy birthday (:
#ICantStandPeople who copy a person , &&' straight up can't be slick with it .
Thankful this week ends Thursday with friends & family for the weekend. Just what I need before classes start again Monday
what's good what you on today?
well, i'm making dinner instead of going to Mcdonalds. so....
Happy Birthday Steve Jobs RIP
I love yalls new apt! :)
they ain't called the milwaukee brewers for nothing! haha
I've done it before, therefore I can do it again.
27+ hours w/ only 15 minutes of sleep... Not recommended.
American Idol? Gross. Who is this Jessica Sanchez girl and why did she just ruin one of my favorite Mariah Carey songs?
omfg! I guess fangirl-over-Super-Junior is gonna last two weeks haha
You welcome! Thanks for following!
Last 2.5 weeks of high school.
Big Bill is thinking that maybe this time we just let a professional designer design the city sticker and then move on...
there was a lizard on the hood of my car when I was leaving school...I freaked out. Just thought you should know
2 more days and I'm off to New York!!
Hello World,
So I got 4 months 2 get the fuck out my house. Lets get it.!!!! :)
followed....Also.
Going to be INSANE like it was last week....
Who won and had all four in their evening?
I need to find me some solid color plugs...
Twitter & BINGO @ DA SAME DAMN TYME,,,, it'z my future
Would that matter? Do some IP ranges get more Google preview privileges than others?
Femme Dulce Caberet perform at our show - Hot girls. www.mkmfights.com
Another GOP presidential debate tonight....Who in the media thought this many debates was a good idea?! Enough already!
Thanks, Meg! Hope all is well in your world. :)
Working on a Hawaii quote, eyes are getting heavy, bedtime.
Watching this season of #rhony. Have decided it doesn't matter who she's against or who is against her. I'm on team
#dotNXT Brands panel is good. Smart strategic advice!
Your vision is the promise of what you shall one day be. - James Allen
False, Skip Bayless. At least Smith offers ethnic diversity.
Ohh ha really ??
Upload A Video Please So I can Learn Your Dance
Thx for mentions & support
home alone ...
Okay. Are you still "with" Courtnee?
So excited to see on ridiculousness tonight :)
Getting to the money!
The clock talked loud. I threw it away, it scared me what it talked. Tillie Olsen
Republicans reassert their moral authority on contraception "If God believed in birth control, altar boys would have a uterus"
Gov. Scott Walker’s campaign says it has raised more than $13 million during the most recent reporting period.
DO IT AGAIN ILL BLOCK YOI
How's life in the insurance world? We need to hit the streets one of these weekends/play some golf.
thanks for filling me in!
The discerning critics of the Slate Cultural Gabfest approved, so I'm free of all my usual apprehensions re: adaptations!
RT Shut-In: (Noun) The condition of being at home when there is church, but not at home when the minister visits.
Imagine by John Lennon is great 😌
fox football guys stream live now www.foxsportsradio.com
#ThoughtsDuringSchool i look horrible today
Go Celtics! , I hope you are rooting for the C's against the Lakers tonight!
Happy Mother's Day to all!!!
Trivia at 8pm tonight. Come one come call! Patio is open too!
try crispy ranch dunked into ranch
#Imagine Austin: Baby, I have a problem. You: What? Austin: Your last name You: What about it? Austin: Lets change it to Mahone.
There is a really nice crowd at Liam Flynn's for our last fund raiser. Thanks to everyone that took the time to show support.
Making A Video! :) Say Hi Everyone
Porn has two volumes. Mute, and too loud.
RT : Education wont be revolutionized just using new tools for traditional means, eg game mechanics applied to standardized tests
No Ceilings
Super hungry and love sushi? Tomorrow night we offer all you can eat for $31.
Ops, just seeing this tweet now! If you'd ever like to guest post about your experience there we'd love to have it!
...I am quite disturbed.
I'm just gonna go like everybody's instagram photos...
#wrestlemania loving it for the first time ever watching it l. My dreams came true to buy this PPV event.
My #dog breaks another chain made for 100lb dogs...she is only 75lbs. She gets excited when other dogs pass by the house.
www.mmafightingtips.com Check it out guys.
can't. its drama
Hefner can't settle down now! Keep the pimp hand strong hef!
We are open to print for you and answer all those interesting questions about what we can do for you. Have a great 2012.
Isn't that how every Leap Day ends?
Isn't it funny how smooth stuff goes when you have a great plan and follow it. I need to plan better in all aspects of life. It just works!
kidding? No Peter Shilton on the best players/draft list? 125 Caps, over 1000 FA matches, 30 year career. And you're a GK.
I'd rather be a whore than a slut. At least I'd be making money.
can i haz
that awkward moment when you have no clue what the M station gas guy said.....
Free Coaching from Actors Intensive Sign up for a free 20 minute session / 323-620-6951 New Students Only
yes for sure!! I miss all of my fellow #BAV members :)
Just stopped in Atlanta, GA to hang out with our good friend Nick Collier downtown @ Tech.
Good game brody!
Sister softball game.
I had poor service at the Showmars in Dilworth last week too. Kept trying to sell me stuff!!!
Thanks weedmaps for your support of Stop the Ban!
no way your being sarcastic.?
Hey Brendan looks like your doing great, so glad! Long time since Homestead offshore fishing back in the Racing Milestones days!
the bomb!!! send me that pic tho, i didnt get it :-(
Everybody and their mother has an iPhone I think I'll downgrade to a blackberry
I drink to forget I drink.
I'm going to start saying "sorry I'm not sorry" more often. It always makes me chuckle when you kids say it.
Be ready to leave at 3
Have a gr8 Wednesday, everybody. :)
Stung by a bee! It must be summer...
Halfway there! Celebrate Hump Day here!
I need somebody real!
We're excited to be participating!
thanks you too Ash $!
Smh mine to
All my followers: please retweet about my etched poetry and I'll hit you with a $5 discount. Thanks
#askjennette what was your favorite day on set like, and what episode were you guys working on? (:
Giovangrandi: longer suborbital flights key for accessing more stable physiological states than possible in parabolic flight
Watching the #Brewers game. This #Astros pitcher has good movement on his breaking balls.
Passion infuses testimony.
Chapter 2012 Page 27 of 366 Value comes with a Price! Either be willing to pay for it or settle for less.
Consider it "break time".
Home today! Yay! Brad and Katelyn coming over for dinner. The fam will have an afternoon/evening together. Love that!
Thanks so much! That was a great experience for us.
Just totally jammed out to some 38 Special on the car ride home.
“: ''I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it, it was a shitzu.'' #joke” >Happy Friday!
mick and dolly awesome!!!!!!!!!
He who sings scares away his woes.
why is that i have feelings for the guy that hurt me the most!:/ it hurts to see him like someone else! </3
And you couldn't tell anyone you were wearing it because you lost a bet. Also, outfit consists of those stupid overalls they wear.
#musiclib2010 Business meeting!
RT "Each success buys a ticket to a more difficult problem"
That's why, didn't notice the names!
RUNNER PRIDE! Who are we? RUNNERS! Where are we from? UTSA!
Boyy you got my heartbeat runnin' away.
that's hilarious cc:
And now I need another new string for my guitar :/
Happy Valentines Day world :))
you look so angry and negative but your always so happy and positive. wtf?
NO LOVE!
First lady joined our First Ladies Initiative today! $100 contribution. Thx Caroline Martin.
congrats to them
hey are u commin to the imea jazz thing
Marcus and I always get the Carmel Fraps
I totally <3 the fact that just rts his fans. Truly shows how amazing he really is.
I don't think those short urls are taking me to the right page
So I like texting you.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW HP Slate 500 8.9" Black
I've been using iAnnotate for about a year and I'm happy with it. I have absurdly long PDFs and it handles them.
I love you for this lol.
Drinking champange on a airplane
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate. Oprah Winfrey
The President is calling it like he sees it. Great start!
Whan U Accidently Touch That Hot Person's Hand:D
Enjoying the wonderful weather! Can't wait until the stanley cup begins!
Casting calls are going too well. Some very tough decisions to make!
#jgtip: one of the best ways to remove spyware from your computer is to download and run "rkill", then run a full scan using "malwarebytes"!
LOOOL. SHE WONT RESPOND :(
I'm younger, poorer and right handed.
i want to buy that car
Mothers Day Cookout with the Fam :)
Tuning in to #edequity conversation. leading conversation about #commoncore implementation with foundation partners
Hanging out at the #statefairgrounds for the boat and travel show
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
- Where are you now? Lets catch up. Missed you at the end of DEMO.
well he better figure out how he's gonna get all that done in a matter of time
Which of my photographs is my favorite? The one I’m going to take tomorrow. – Imogen Cunningham
Like the cheering thing, but can't wait to start my other sports later this year !
When you selfmade you always workin ": WORKING...BRO..THE..USUAL... #TEAMSELFMADE "
but no risk = no success.
Be sure to share pics/links! RT : Doing project around HTML5 / CSS3-driven web application to run on touchscreen interactive kiosk
Its on next week...
Where Student-Loan Debt Is Concentrated: an Interactive Map...
Haha, I understood
Not sure. The website says it will become part of Google+ A most unfortunate move IMO.
leaders have the ability to help spark a vision in the lives of the people following them...
scribbling on? As in doodling? That's quite a euphemism for crossing out names, where felony charges are possible.
pretty amazing show
Just left the dr. Baby is very healthy and active!!
I don't wanna be the picky black neighbor but Let me go get these mawgs together, they aint be walkin back and forth like this all night.
“: Do you have an ETA on when your product will be released? I am really looking forward to it! #cantwait” April!
A little trivia. The parade has had a marriage on the Grand Stand and a proposal in the middle of the parade.
We're going. Start packing now, I want to be in donuts by the weekend!
Haven't been on here in a while, what's up!?(:
Students' victory highlights S.F. lesbian center's 35th anniversary fete - San Francisco Chronicle
I'm sure. A better matchup. RT : Wonder if #spurs are pleasantly surprised?
See the fire sweeping my very street today, somebody oughta give me some shelter or I think I'm gonna fade away
fostering can build all those areas of character!
I keep it 1800 ova here....
Waa super excited for the #Twins game! Here comes the sun too. Holler.
Best Brunch, love the bottomless mimosa's! We had a 6 hour brunch there! Good times for sure, I will be back!
I found my math book (;
Is it just me or is Mainstream Radio stuck on repeat so are the Gospel stations MAN I am about to turn off my RADIO!
Its funny when people on the bus scream at the driver to open the door when all you have to do is push it hahah
I DID.
What a way to end the weekend..... 8-0
"Sophistication isn't what you wear or who you know. " (:
haha its kinda scary!!
#AdvancedMailingServices is located at 2701 Girard Boulevard, NE, Albuquerque, New Mexico. Stop by and visit us or call 505-899-3104.
An excerpt from the novel: www.markbernardsteck.com
Well done, Eleanor! Finished WEIRD SISTERS last night. (You nailed some birth order 'issues' with Rose, Bean & Cordy.)
How good is Sex??
Ok back to business tomorrow, been out at atlanta staion with my big sister all day in ikea buying some things for the crib... Tired now!
Wow I hate 100 Degrees still here Can't wait to go back to The Place where I belong #Philly in March Where it's 20 degrees everyday
Whenever I Get Upset, I Just Ask Myself Is This Person Worth Being Mad Over? & I Go From There...
": I just caught some dude sitting in his mini van beating off." Why were you watching a dude beat off in his mini van?
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
the Peachy Airport Parking Ford E450 Shuttle
Check out mu new page - a free gift for every like click!
Well,i am done with the NBA playoffs,I could careless who wins,Turning my full attention to the Rangers and the Yankees now.
I don't know if I'm going to make it through this next week.
And the records! We ain't never seen this many folks here. RT I love how BP has a commercial encouraging gulf tourism.
Do the think all women r like that!?
Choking you is always a plus!
lol miss you girls ):
Why the hell is it soo hard for me, as a gay guy, to take a good pic? You would think! Lol.
Good ? for #mtogo RT : #musesocial In what ways do apps connect virtual and onsite experiences? Beyond sharing?
how bad do your abs hurt !? #feeltheburn !
#YOLOing makes no complete since
of course!(:
No homo but I always wanted Nicki to sign my chest #random lol
Didn't get the White Stripes record I wanted, but I got an early copy of Blunderbuss and a whole bunch of great records!
We're working on an exciting new Young Preservationist Happy Hour to kick off #warof1812 celebrations! Details coming soon.
Bad news for the Ravens ??? The shopping cart is EMPTY. Good news for the Ravens ??? Heap and Mason are still available ....
Oven roasted pumpkin seeds, soaked in salt water and pumpkin pie spices...a delicious experiment/byproduct of making pumpkin beer!
spring fling is a no-go this year, correct?
Hawaiian pizza with Sriracha mixed into the tomato base. Tastebuds are still tingling.
or if u havent tweeted in a long time :) Love you guys ;)
Never imagined I would see so much NASCAR. Damn.
Ugh I hate feeling like this!.
Here comes the power shower.... Rain season has begun :)
Thanks! was on my short-list, just couldn't squeeze everything in.
is coming into town! Raise your glasses!
I miss you :(
need vacation now. so much to do. gotta work hard to play hard.
Lol!!! Perfect hint;) Well here's an incentive~ our grand opening is coming soon...Tba:)
You're the only one who can make the difference. Whatever your dream is, go for it.
Typically terrific show ongoing: Business Leaders for Public Financing in NY; Cenk Uygur on progressivism; public transit fix.
But what if I like being Black and don't associate it with shame? That's cool too, right?
hey see you in australia :) with and
Thanks for the follow!
You can also register for a chance to win an iPad all February long - but let's be honest, the REAL prize is the Banana Pudding froyo.
that sounds good, who do you think will win? Pros or high schoolers?
Greetings! Hope your 2012 is off to a great start!
“I firmly believe that intuitive or symbolic sight is not a gift but a skill – a skill based in self-esteem.” ~ Caroline Myss ✿
6 for 6 on my 14 day vaca work out challenge. Each mile I log represents a guilt free cocktail or Xmas treat.
Thanks for the favorite!
Could be fun!
It's my B-Day!!! Thanks to all who showed love!!!
love LOVE the new pic!!
Atleast one of my close friends havent left.
the pyramid seems to be a winner
Visit our Pop Up Chef for some corned beef sandwiches on the corner of 999 Peachtree from 11-2 today!
Wait a minute! You tweet, "follow me, i tweet about demolished shit and kennywood just like you!" But I'm not demolished yet!
One day I'll be just like :D
Hi Tweeters! (:
That looks very helpful! I'm still newish at this. Haven't decided yet if I'll do a freebie, but perhaps at some point.
"If people are trying to bring you down, it only means that you are above them."
Planning Dinner? This Tuesday www.firstcrush.com in San Francisco will donate 10% of their sales to Dr. without Borders in support of Haiti!
Never thought I'd love a history class. Guess I was wrong.
Debating whether I should text him how I feel or say in person
Eat first then exercise so you don't burn muscle! ": First exercise, THEN eat. RT Exercise my feelings? Eat my feelings? Hm"
what the heck is that?
Kelly Tekin Quiroz Holy Cow our Jonny BONES Jones ( ) did this in Sunday's fight.... He is DaNGEROUS!
wants I get paid for Olympics? $110,000,00 in nba and pride not enough? Not a true American.
Happy Good Friday have a great day!
So, basically hes a great team player. He knows how to put the team ahead of himself.
what's that supposed to mean? Is that a yes?
