"You have the key that will unlock the door to success, and you may use it the moment you learn to control your thoughts."
Welcome our newest members to the Milwaukee Chapter! Betty Erby, Demontae Foots and Cathy Wanzo! Welcome to the NBMBAA family!
can you please notice me <|3
Ready to roll
it cant be fixed? :O
omg my new outfit is so supercute! bet i'd look great on the back of your bike. wanna cum take me and my new clothes for a long, hard ride?
i love youu ):
Ready for next week
Faculty Follies rocked the campus! Fantastic way to start Spring Break!
So I finished editing now I need a song for my Star Wars video so it will be done!
That's it. Thank you !!!
Back to College-Thomas is at the NYU Poly Tech Career Fair!!
Get the word out and win yourself some free stuff! I appreciate all my followers and thanks for all the support this draft season!
IMAGINE IF I DIDN'T HAVE BILL TO CARE FOR ME. RIGHT NOW I HAVE BEEN WAITING 13 MONTHES FOR A HEARING TO FIND OUT IF I A CAN GET SSI.
LOVE U SHARON!
honestly, i've never read any of the books - so my knowledge of the story is minimal, at best. have you?
Shaun, I bought #insnity 6 weeks ago and I can't believe all the changes. Thank you so much. People, it works!~>
We're glad we can assist you in getting more followers :) We will try and have a few East Coast reps come to
send a shoutout for me?? I'll do the same
dude i am way to tired dont evn listen to me
your profile description hilarious
U want ur captivity turned? Pray for others. Job 42:10 A life that is not self consumed is a life that walks in blessing. Focus on others!
Just tapped Georgetown Manny's Pale.
Was Gonna use "Mike" RT : Tip for all you wannabe radio people out there. If you have a nickname in quotes, you look like an idiot.
The last thing I want to do is annoy you baby
Have a good one!
right, at least they have tv & satellite radio with head phones to listen to while they do it.
Sup Miss Nae, how goes it? Hope all is going well.
Lol, he can do whatever he wants
im finna take a shower and go to sleep
Morning (: . Chicago time :D
...Godzilla is roaming around the northwest. Smash smash. You can barely see him. But he's very happy!
both of you guys can go shave your back now
Thank You! We look forward to meeting you on May 20!
to the right.
Journey is getting us started on our journey south of the border.
I love waking up early and not doin Shit
i love sleeping in!
Im here!!
um excuse me sir can I get a follow back on instagram!!! U KINDLY
use your magic to apparate to jersey with me and
anyone who thinks that sunshine is pure happiness,has never danced in the rain
Got killer red headphones today. Awesome!
that wasn't Kyle.
Can it be happy hour & a special performance by du Soleil in #drupa hall 8b? Yes get here quick the fun has started
\hit me up if im not following!
Little kid's chant: "Span, Span, he's our man, if he can't do it, the game is over!"
Should I hold a interview process for a wingman?!
i cant fall asleep at night. And then i cant wake up in the morning
OK, you can mark the 27th in pen for the next Booze Camp, lemmings.
Can finally upgrade to the iPhone in 2 weeks
Not one person at the mobile MTKG event has a feature phone. I only upgraded a month ago.
Ok. RT : If you are tempted to react the same old way, ask if you want to be a prisoner of the past or a pioneer of the future
Emily you and Sergio are great! Cooper and Dillion as always - a riot, and I know you guys loved the Slip-n-slide!
OMG SJ and SHINee are breathing the same air as me omg omg x-x
Join Us for the debut of Burgerville Records at our Shakers Session CD launch party! Tuesday Nov 15th 3-7pm. Live Music!
West Region is STACKED, gonna be some great second round games there!
BOOKED. #ATL is on my radar next week...can I bring you some Hermosa Beach sand?
Private beach home booked for attending next week! Entire price is cheaper than one night at one of the on site hotels!
Bylsma: "They're a good team & they don't stop."
Me and are gonna start the North Platte, Nebraska chapter.
You are always enough.
Let's Twask again like we did last Summer. Let's Twask again like we did last year. Thx for the follow. Hope u dig the Skwirl. Best
My niece is trying to eat her clothes, lmao, she too cute
I saw Dave Grohl in a kilt today at Purdue...well it sure looked like him!
Herd Michael phelps on 102.7 this morning now I landed in North Carolina and will tape him this weekend.
I'm bumming money...like a church.
hahahahah you didn't have to kill me like that. What are you doing later? You should come to the DOA at N2 with me. Hit me
The #Pens have found the solution to their problem with the point man on the power play and apparently it's Richard Park?
Forgetting Lydia, Altar Bar 3/28 tickets are $8, message me if you wanna go!!!!
Got a feeling it's going to be a good day. Woke up early and got back to working on turning dreams into reality
Last night of a three-night garage rock fest, with Roky Erickson headlining.
Haha you'll figure out soon enough, it'll be a grand time ;P Hahaha! Quite an....interesting topic for sure haha!
Zoidberg played dubstep before it was popular.
My pleasure! “: Thanks a bunch for the Rock'n RT”
regarding Kim....the peeples great leader! Lol
#raw10 Sometimes @ night, when i sleep, i tend 2 grind my Teeth. Lost a few Gfs. n College, my roommates called me Capn Crunch the Twitzler
Danny O'Brien from #Maryland transferring to #Wisconsin next year. Great news for Bucky!
That Shit just irritated my whole morning
I feel like if I were to sprint naked down the hall at school the day would be way more interesting for everyone who witnessed it
B Lloyd on market? Why not? Young WC type receiver.
lmfao I feel so bad that she sucks now because BJM and Vanilla Sky showed she actually can act.
Good Morning World!
Lmfao this is funny.
can u follow me?
pues vamos silly the ticket is only 60 im goinh with my girl and her bestfriend
Oh screw you House Hunters International! I have stuff to do
Home News Tribune Police Blotter
looking like Elfs and what not lol what's the weirdest thing he's made you wear?
NFL Draft Remix by dj steve porter: via
Sounds exciting, when are you investigating?!
Reading fast company this morning. 100 most creative people in business. John Jay. Conan. Jan Chipchase. Now am Inspired to do better.
#raw10 i dated a Woman who had big Breast but no Butt. Some People said its a Syndrome called: Noassatall
Wow! I'm thoroughly surprised at how knowledgeable McNabb is about other sports... Who knew?! Good call #ESPN -
RT : Tea Party claims Madison rally drew 6,200 Saturday. Cool. If we're using that calculus, the "Reclaim Wisconsin"...
Have a smart phone? You can sell or give away old stuff free to people in your community with #EggDrop. Why not give it a try?
Aw yeah, aw yeah....
you will live a very long life:)
I cant fucking sleep anymore! :(
AT&T Service Is Pretty Bad When Edge Network Is More Accurate Than 3G
I'm going to write a book
Oh! That's interesting. That means you'll show everyone where they're standing on Saturday at Mountain Hawk park, huh?
There are 2,716,000 images uploaded to Facebook every 20 seconds. Wow! Pam Grossman, Getty Images
What a tragedy Chicago.
um? I'm not sure? just post by post, I guess! did you hear about the thing that happened? how whack is that!?!
only as a prescribed elective.
Central reason for the trend: "the availability of newer, sexier and more powerful operating systems in the constitutional marketplace."
Life is easy when you don't overthink it.
First time all game they don't run on first down, right? I think the steelers were surprised
The new full release of WebAdmin is due out next week.... everything you want in a well-structured, customizable CMS!
Rangel-censure. DeLay-nothing. IOKIYAR
Two Boots! Pitfire! Mr. Pizza!
Spot is fillin up! Bout to jump this thang off wit #OD13! #RealRapContinues!
Thought the Grammy's was an award show...looks more like a variety show.
now following.
I want you forever, forever and always. Through the good, and the bad, and the ugly. We'll grow old together.
I hate bowling-____-
of my usual 6/7 long island iced teas almost every other day LOL
So what's up with all these fight videos on Facebook....my goodness, smh
Vin Scully "it's not all beer and Skittles." Greatest quote of the night.
... I guess Samsung has not problem telling Apple to bow to them. :)
getting a German shirt. ;)
I might be too strung out on compliments, overdosed on confidence.*shrugs*
I'm not old until I'm dead.
HAPPY BRITHDAY JAYCIE!!!! Have a great birthday!
hi from san diego doll!
Look there has been a lot of hate thrown my candidates way over the past 12 hours so I'm a bit edgy. That said, this is my lane.
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. Oscar Wilde (1854 - 1900
lol i did. If it dont wrk now then fuck it ! I have no patience for this shit lol
if you cam to London would you do that meet and greet thing for like the first 400 people or something?:D<3
Going to play Ops, I'm bored though, text me if you've got my number.
Headed out to The Star Center for DJ Pauly D & Justin Case's show. Who's already there?
Very bizarre...they praised my book but then accused me of "consciously" practicing white supremacy. Also asked me if I ever raped anyone.
Enjoying minister my brotha! FEARLESS tour!
I do not want to go back to work tomorrow. Coming back from a vacation is not fun
If you want happiness for an hour, take a nap If you want happiness for a day, go fishing If you want happiness for a month - get married.
people on instagram !
I've never seen a tip jar outside a Redbox machine. Can only assume that the little person inside it gets paid a decent salary.
brownies? Nah u wouldnt Like that
It's really hard to sit here and write library software with microscopic cactus needles in your hands. In case you were wondering.
perfect timing with the sequel being announced!
mlg is the best thing that's happened to halo, ever. I'm frightened at the thought of what could happen if it got sacked.
Sure do. Kind of surprising that an evident doofus like that guy managed some good music. No offense.
Jennifer Aniston: know all about the ever beautiful America&#39;s ...
jeez man stop hexing us. Let's just beat the Gophers.
Why is it always as soon as we start to like someone they like someone else? & when we stop liking them, they start to like us?
I make perfect grilled cheeses.
It's a greater reward at the end of a road that less traveled
The kitchen is finally closed! :) .... Only to reopen at 10am
Damn dude hit that ground hard!
good luck with the whole jail thing. you know how it starts one criminal complaint. Why enlist when you can make it yourself
Gay is Okay. Just ask Louis Tomlinson.
Overtime love
Will someone pick up a few copies of the westword for me? I seem to not go to the right places that have them
Kid home sick from school.
We will take it
Hhmm Obama's address or the #Flyers ...? Priorities mixed up today ;)
no idea, why whats up?
When I first heard of the Hunger Games, I thought it had to do with food... -_____-
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? He is the best..
I know I can be a a**hole sometimes but you can hate are love it .
We will always love you guys. Goodnight.
No! Majority are very happy with the hire. The critics are always the loudest.
I missed your tweet spree earlier because of a rehearsal ):
What's wrong with being serious?
whatever you like! <333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
Goodmorning<3 aw I hope u have an amazing day! (: RT- “: Good morning ☀ hope 👆 have a 👍 day!”
Congrats to Beyonce & Jay-Z on the birth of their baby girl, Blue Ivy Carter.
When you go, will you have the guts to say I dont love you like I loved you yesterday?
“: Jeff Suppan is throwing out the first pitch for St. Louis for game three. If only it was as a member of the Cardinals.” LOL
You're so sweet!
RT : Maybe I'm not perfect for you, but someday I'll be perfect for someone.
About to play a short set at Hendershot's with ! Come on down...
When Google says they own the fastest browser on the planet, they mean that.
I just walked in the door and am putting on my pajamas, aka my naked body.
Spent the whole day with family and the best mom in the world! 💗💗💗💗💗
Everybody please get new album 11-1-11 It is amazing!!
Headed to Columbus for OPAL ExComm meeting.
Happy Hour Every Wednesday Thursday Friday! Specials Package#1 Relaxer #HairCut & ColorRinse on Relaxed hair only $60! &More!
Be careful stories provide storage for learning, morals, education, model behavior, and what to / not to do.
#hth2012 good question: who owns the data in commercial repositories (eg Flickr)
Chain Hang Low just came on Pandora. This was on heavy rotation for me for about three weeks in high school. Then Jibbs fell OFF.
I believe we got the contact info for the communications person.
'Lets get it on Jonas' is now 6th worldwide!!!!!! KEEP GOING EVERYONE LET'S REACH THE 1st PLACE!!!! 'Lets get it on Jonas'
Truly, sir, that Tweet was over-delivered :)
Any #MLB teams interested in making a trade for Ishikawa?
u smell like apsarugus urine....
tryna gt u cool points gt u looking DUMB
RT : If yeen got faith in ur #Grind how u gone #hustle ? <---
if u have a facebook add me as a friend
OMG I LOVE LINKIN PARK!!!!!!! THEY'VE BEEN MY FAVE BAND SENCE LIKE EVER!!!!! lol :D
make the car go BOOM! Where can I get that old skool Magic Mike?
"White and Nerdy" ROCKS!
Head over to the new Chris Saint Clark page! I'll be announcing a cool give away soon and you don't want to miss out!
"this is a very #Rare thing, like a robot"
We are starting to look at booking shows in January! Also this Thursday we are going into the studio to demo out more music!
I'm sure we will go far
I don't know what you're talking about... I'm the cot one here...(;
PASTOR TROY will be PERFORMING LIVE at THE LOUNGE in Tullahoma, TN on DEC 2!!!
You make me smile constantly.
Check out the new pics on facebook. ACE 2011 canoe trip down the BIG PINEY I do know how to grill.
it just got my feathers ruffled. I don't want to learn if my new peers will just tell me to quit, you know? Hmph.
but I'm in it..
when will see that no one give a flying fuck about a rear touch pad all we want are good games.
I quit.
#Truth haha! “: I need an alter ego twitter account so that I can tweet all the inappropriate things that pop into my mind.
Hey Austin peps.....dollar beers at ables or what?
oh and you got something waiting for you now... track seek find and kill it... it has started
part of my morning routine! But where's my pal Roker today?
but you expect me to jump up on board with you and ride off into your delusional sunset
Happy Turkey day everybody!!! <3
Happy Cinco de Mayo all!! Be safe today and tonight!! And don't drink and drive 
“Personally, although I am forced to use the term ‘art’ I don't believe in it.” Julie Patton will be @ our symposium in May!
But we know it cannot be sandwiched
S/O to for being the strong beautiful young lady she is 💗 love you 😘
Welcome aboard! : Obsession just reached a whole new level - Just joined the AHA!
I can't wait for how much more delicious the bananas will be in India. Also, mango season!
man o man i aint been on here n a min wat up everybody
yeah Scott finally
im waiting for you to notice me(: maybe DM me back?(:
"What's the use of a fine house if you haven't got a tolerable planet to put it on?" Henry David Thoreau
So exciting to see activity on Freret!
At bbj's biz buzz awards event.
hahah for real..looks like that may happen :/ ugh
why does say no thanks? he ain't straight lol
I'm about whatever fuck what u talkin about.
Love. RT Metta on whether he'll shake James Harden's hand: "I don't shake subs hands." Fair enough.
Looking to drop 10 pounds by may 3rd. Any tips?
Annie watching Emmet Otter's Jug Band Christmas while I finish this social media plan while listening to Bon Iver.
Doormats are a gateway rug.
I find branding pretty fascinating, too. ;) Had a grt session w/a client this morning. Fab way to start my day.
I am not good at being patient and I can sometimes be very persistent.
there's always that one person who says they hate justin bieber and austin mahone, just because everyone else does. GET REAL AND STFU
RT : Nearly home, then Gnna watch first vid series on
Hampton Daze Magazine Editor in Chief/ Publisher Jessica Mackin giveaways Broadway Hit show "Chicago" Tickets and 👉
sure. i am just complicating the "sex" thing. someone's sex is not always their preferred gender. not synonymous.
philly! having such a good day and hopefully nighy
Real nick ninjas wont hate on She makes u really happy :) y do ppl hate her? she real nice :) Love u guys!
hey! nice meeting you today at the photoshoot =)
I am CRACKING UP watching the vlog on the bus to work and I don't even care who hears--this is just too funny!
#AAM2012 encourages museums to look at public radio & their methods of increasing support. Psst:
They're throwing shade at Kim Kardashian. It's like the line from Avengers: When did you become an expert in thermonuclear astrophysics?
It's a curse! For the second biz trip in a row, Amtrak Acela breaks down on me. Although this time didn't get to the train yet - a plus!
being edited as we speak...end of the month hopefully
it was fun ! lol its so weird seeing my last name. mines schmidt too lol.
Need 2 get ahead of the game rt now! There's no time like now, but how?
I should probably be looking for an apartment, but that would require me actually moving... it can wait :)
hahaha....you need to get out more
Leaves for New York in 4weeks : )
RT : Morning matcha time at Good Morning Claire!
Hello, hope your having a good day.Thank u for following. I do and will follow. I also respond back if provoked.
Membership in ISPI-FRC offers opportunities to learn new skills, meet other human performance professionals, and more. www.ispi-frc.org
It's a loud and happy house here. Spent #SuperBowl Sun. eating carne asada w/ Nuyoricans
I don't understand how I ate a foot long before I went to bed and woke up hungrier than that thang!
fantastic womens soccer as USA just beat Brazil. Tied in overtime with 30 secs to go and then beat them in PKs. Amazing edge of seat game!
vincent at storify dot com
love you 2 night!
go to sleep.
About to start planning our comeback show, who's coming? ;)
Game of Thrones Season 2 premieres the day after I get rid of HBO....oh
Salaam reminding us how good 's Dancing On My Own is. Resurrecting it from the gay slaughter.
lol like for real I see where and what this generation is coming too
My love and respect for Lady Gaga grows every single day.
I wow, sorry about that direct message. My friend had my iPod yesterday and was messing with it
sure u hate tlkin to me aha ily2
No! jimmy protested!! Lol :))
Why the hell would u do that....
Yes, but your Monday is probably done and I have yet to start mine.
If you could read my mind you wouldn't be smiling.
if I may interject ExPats are a resource far more valuable than the oil4Libya's future! #peace &
I'd say desperation is the Step-Mother of invention. M.
w/ the #Giants ability to effectively rush 4, they can drop more men into coverage. This takes away the TE. #49ers will not be able to pass.
I luv meeting new people <3
free menudo on sundays at 1395 s sheridian look us up on yahoo at picososmexicanfood.com
Welcome To The BTW Ball Tour -- Good luck ! <3
will 1 pm on thursday work?
The American Basketball Association (ABA) is in negotiations to have games on national TV. HJ affiliate Los Angeles SLAM is an ABA Team
Ah, thank goodness for my single venti soy latte. Otherwise I'm not sure I'd get through today.
I'm NOT huge with my cat. She hates me.
I agree..about as reliable as a fortune cookie ...gtfoh with that bullshit!
If you haven't... you should! Join the fastest growing regional technology council! The Chesapeake Regional Technology Council with 270…
looked stunning on the red carpet with a House of harlow bag, of course!
#AskAlexConstancio DARLING PLEASE TELL ME HOW YOU GOT SUCH A PERFECT SMILE!!!!!!!
It is often hard to distinguish between the hard knocks in life and those of opportunity.
I'm right there with you. Felt better Saturday and now I feel worse than I originally did.
My husband had a vasectomy yesterday and his balls are enlarged, so I need to stay home and help him ice them.
Katy Perry this early should be illegal.
Lmao people too funny. Niggas don't even watch basketball talking like experts
thanks 4 follow
You should. They are pretty awesome. I never knew how much I didn't know until I took these classes. (It will make sense)
I hear black is slimming.
If your falling you're probably falling for your true love, if not you're falling because your a klutz.
YES!!!!!! WAY TO GO GIANTS!!!!! I can't believe belicheat and the pats lost!
i always miss emm to cuz im always practicin for softball or i have a game:/ -anna
Everyone's happy about it!
just because i text boring doesnt mean i dont care .
Can you get anymore perfect❤
Hi All! Look for our 2010 ASTDRMC Board Election today at www.astdrmc.org
Ppl came up with the term to combat precisely that attitude; not a new idea & not likely to convince ppl not to seek balance.
We're giving away a pair of CENTER COURT FRONT ROW SEATS to an upcoming Spurs game. Check out www.expresslube.com for further details.
I know some r mad that Wis state tourn is leaving Madison, but GB has a very good game day experience. I think a new venue will be fun.
Can you convert the *document* space of an Illustrator CS4 file to grayscale? I can only find object-level color conversion.
Also, I weigh too much to a hipster-brarian.
Just paid for a coffee using two quarters, eight dimes, thirteen nickels, and four pennies.
Today: Relationship Between Blink Pattern and Level of Ocular Surface Exposure in Dry Eye (D978) from 3:45-5:30PM.
Looking for a hot gift? How about 10 CLASSES FOR $45! Red Hot Yoga, keeping the holidays hot! www.dailydealsquad.com
I love the smell of self-made money.
It smells like the ocean today
I was looking for the "like" button so I could "like" this :)
I think I just saw you driving white papi van haha
I can't believe we're 8th graders:/
okay Mr. IHaveAnAppleProductAttachedToMyBodyAtAllTimes.. I know how you feel about it.
Through sin and self destruction
when the predictions are happening? Today, all day and repeat performance tommrow
- Thx for the laughs! It does suck, but it is easier to deal with a laugh! And... finding some editing to do, I guess. Nite! :)
They don't call'im the CHB (CurlyHairedBoyfriend) for nothing. Pedro dubbed him thus. Always negative but entertaining.
I'm coming home.
84 flippin' degrees today. Wonderful. Love America. *waves flag*
The Cider Revolution rages on! The more cases we make, the stronger the cause becomes!
Michael buble time!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Butler GUM Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
they ain't have it at the place I told you?
Tough to see leave tonight. I'm confident he'll have a solid singing career.
#IfOnlyICould do a song with -- That'd be the best thing, ever.
will be crackin tonight! Hit me up!!!
She Calls It My Car But Then Shes Gives It To Her Bf To Use With My Gas -___-
ohh do tell! I'm sure it's fabulous!
I'll just fast forward to #UnfollowWednesday and call out a night. RT
Distance to civilization is inversely proportional to smokiness and price.
Why are all the best civil liberties twitterers so obnoxiously self-righteous and smug?
i would have the best dunker i.e. IGGY, LBJ, KD, and ELLIS in it not the most boring players who cant dunk any tricks like dw7
My grandma's mother's day present >>>>>>>
Fire Ant and Soldier Ant (c) d. Young Bucks when Fire Ant pins Matt with the Beach Break.
Friends don't let friends play darts on Jaeger.
So i see you're at JPR now! Congrats my dear! We will need to do lunch soon. Say hi to for me :)
Now screening music. If u want a chance to hear ur music on #ForTheLoveOfMusicATL live radio in ATL, email MP3 to
your nursing staff is a fucking joke! Ill be sure to advise my roommate to file a complaint
": thank me for causing u to come out the closet"u have no idea i thank u everyday
If I was your "Boyfriend" never let you go. Lol 💗 RT Favorite song from the Biebs?! Ahaha
Because I don't post my love life does not mean that i do not have one
starts at 8!
The time has come for us to start being the men we always knew we could be...even if we didn't always believe it.
"hard work beats talent, when talent doesn't work hard." Let's go get better today!
Santo need an all women secret service team. why? coz that's the riskiest demographics for him & Gaddhafi had the same protection
I drank them to much to where it gives me asco fqgsjdlfls
I've never seen a faster drive thru than the Chick fil et on Waters Ave. in Tampa. Yeah!
Doesn't Stevie Wonder just blow your mind sometimes?
i want to go to the mall with someone
Pretzels. Singles. Pacing.
Hello Brooklyn
you only live once . but if you live it right , once is enough .
Is Natalie Tejeda doing this PA??
buy some with all the cash I hear you make now!
riding a mt. dew sugar rush...what should I do? *looks around*sees piles of dishes*mt. dew rush already waning - darn.
where u been bro? In chicago for my father. Say a prayer for us.
Thanks so much to Gabby Parsons for doing a great job tonight when playing my single "Far Away" on WMMM 105.5 in Madison, WI!
What's your biggest limitation to generating more content for your blog?
Ryan Gosling, baby. Come here!
My seasonal kind of feeling led to the purchase of Leinie's Classic Amber...vs Original or perhaps Summer Shandy.
Live til you die...
But, I'm sure it's hard teaching cataloging in an online environment. I just thought she could have been more engaging.
Meeting before his show at The Riv tonight.
Rearrange and cleaning time.
RT : #Scorpio ... others instinctively know not to mess with [like most scorpios's I don't believe in the zodiac]
yeah! it's true RT : Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. James Baldwin
Yu do music
The PARTY box is NEW for December - only $30 for treats n eats for a casual get-together check it out www.thetreasurebox.org
RT I've done all I my projects in #CS6 since the beta launched.//is it better than cs5?
ordering Daddy's Delight now - thanks for sharing!
K st will be blocked off over the next 4-5 months between 4th and 5th
Awkward moment when your meeting Alli Simpson and your camera is recording instead of taking a picture
That link requires Silverlight, which won't install on a locked-down PC. Will try to find alternatives
thinks itd be great to go as Dr.Teeth & The Electric Mayhem for Halloween, but we'd need more band members. Anyone know a green sax player?
Just said I lost a bunch of weight/this stuff works--look at this news article. Then a link. Didn't think it was really u!
let me visit ya!
I'm just glad you didn't make a GIF about my delay in posting it b/c of tech issues. We'll have to do it again sometime soon.
“What does this word mean here, revolution? They use it on every page. It means hashish. It means sex. It means sex oils.”-Z. Herbert
Iron Man 2 is pretty awesome...go see it when it hits theatres friday!
Probably so!
Good job and #ChrisMatthews of this morning on
thx. I was nervous til bout 30 secs left. Y'all had helluva year n plenty to be excites bout in future. Now u can root for us
#TOURS Teebs North American Tour
Yea, guys, that first part about the "Super Heroes" wasn't scripted at all... Still entertaining. ;)
There may be formats like that, but you'll probably just end up with one empty audio track
I'm beginning to think pesto is just an all-around bad life choice.
You are not even watching the game. You can't judge. Don't you think I know it's about who scores the most?
Wow.. Sounds amazing. Fracking is bad news.
My Chicago accent doesn't translate well over Twitter? :P Maybe I should spell "cat" like "cat." You from the UP or main part?
Just got home from school and in 3 1/2 hours going to be getting braces off!!!!
Gotcha. The article ignores that those marks were with the wind and hence invalid. So, it's completely off base.
At work chillin can't wait to see my girl tonight afterward !!
I am getting totally disgusted with the Knick's play. If D'Antoni can't coach them better then it's time for a change. We want Patrick Ewing
Some hoes shouldn't smoke squares til they lips turn #SnickerBrown like they occupation is kissin ass
Thanks! Lol. I have problems drawing back legs for some reason.
Damn, the late 90s really did give us some shitty music.
Poor Karl. I don't want to cuddle strangers either.
The Tooth Fairy teaches kids to sell their body parts for Money.
Even beauty loses its appeal with repeated exposure
Got a callback for this film.
Tacos today. Another great day to enjoy our patio!
sounds like you are having fun with the new Jahgoo baby bath :)
are you goin to text me? You fool.
I think this means I win.
Welcome to the BHB page cristian!
Perfect timing - today World Cup U20 final - Mexico vs Brazil - support MandelaArt and get your Mexico / Brazil print today
are the two most prettyy girls ever!
Body Bliss spa and massage, Herndon VA. Nice place! Promotion for first time clients! www.bodyblissnow.net
I caught that RT : A great Masters moment. RT hahahahaha that awkward missed handshake hahaha
What is wrong with you people??😣 i need a cheer-up quote! Where did all those decent tweets go when you need them?? Gak! 😖
Jordan flu game probably one of the best games of my young nba life...
I feel like doing a flash mob!
Great visit just now with Pomerico Builders and Marlowe Builders!
LOL right? loll ok fine.
Mrs. Ochoa was a real ass nigg!
Thanks to al my new followers
YAY! We hit 1,000 fans!!! Wonder how many we'll have after Barrett-Jackson. Guess a number and we may have a prize for you... :-)
clutch free throws lebron
Hey my friend is opening for you next week, follow him bud !
At the #octopuscarwash getting the van a scrub down.
My birthday is a month from today. Starting to think of ways to celebrate. Liquor and nudity must be involved.
I'LL BE THERE. Omg! LOL JK. I live in North Carolina ... one of the many states you seem to ignore.
Girls always say that guys sometimes make girls change for them. Well girls try 2 get guys to change to.
Bored....im so BORED!
scorching hot!!! ;)
thanks for the shoutout my man! Keep crankin' out those hits ;)
Religious views should be kept OUT of government. That's why church and state were designed to be SEPARATE!
If people don't wanna have a serious relationship but "frees"&friends with benefits. Why do they "fall in love"? #Itdoesntmakeanysensetome .
Tried the winning-a-championship thing. Didn't work out. Check out my animated series, The Lebrons. Won't work either, but still! :)
Listenin to -who says its a really good song!!!!
Diet Reviews: Sugar Busters Diet Sugar Busters focuses on elminating sugar and other high glycemic carbohydrates
Looking forward to a great weekend with my love muffin!
here, too. I'd been blissfully unaware (thanks, Singulair) until I ran out of my meds last week. Now, can't breathe!
Thanks for the mention, Beverly!
All of dem wanna drink!.
Thanks for the RT! Hey, I'll be in #leesburg tomorrow working on the conference. #2012PVC. See you around town!
We'll give away a pair of tickets to the RipCity Classic. Details 3 pm on 750-am. More to come.
Five smart librarians/info pros:
Happy Friday everyone!
- I think Play that dirty girl mab be my enduring fav. though it changes from week to week - sometimes day to day... enjoy
50% Off Any Bottle of Wine and $5 Premium Draft Pitchers (Abita and Peroni) Tonight (and tomorrow)
MT : Maggie Brooks said arts and culture has more than $200M in economic impact in #ROC, fest is more than $100M of that
thanks Rachel! check out our FB page too, we're always doing things there
T shirts available at the game tonight!
true story! Next Sunday? But where?
For those of you UConn fans scoring at home, Shabazz is from Charlestown, MA.
300 likes of notification from ariel thevenin liking my status !!!!!!! LoL
It's imprtnt 4 Tchrs to personalize learning. how can the student learn what type of learner they are with #tech tools
Rip teena Marie
really new interest-teach python/some vpython in physics-saw it might support that-in Fablab we could 3d print case+program it
good luck 😘 you'll do great :)
you should definitely make a YouTube Channel!
Discussing twitter with and a nice group of devs at EMP
We can help with that!
Lol is it a.contest. Lol 500 nearly brought Me down
wasnt awesome!? i had a lot of fun working at okada-san's booth and i got to practice my japanese. such a wonderful day!!
Let it be known: throws amazing events! We are lucky to have her and she is a true #UberIcon of Seattle.
Wow!! My professor is the same age as me . Smh
nap time. I srsly need it..
Seriously is my favorite!! Can't wait for some Nashville shows! For now, vote!!! 1-866-436-5707
Nice post!! It's some good reading.
i will let her know asap baby:))thank you <3<3<3<3
It is weird that Anzalone's bother belongs to a PSU site and was providing live-updates of his visit to OSU.
Re: Dream show, I would love it if you would include advice and tips from successful, debt-free people, real-world and celebs
I am tweeting cuz told me to.
Tinas voice is just as good if not better than Rachel's.. Just saying.
Ah yes, Alejandro Fever is still in effect.
C'mon now, why hasn't Marvin McNutt been drafted yet??
I still have 3 hours till ABDC Season 7 -.- some of you lucky bitches are watching it now
Cain hasn't been home since the affair accusation. If I were his wife, he'd have lost me at Ubeki-beki-beki-beki-stan-stan.
You can't change the past, but you can ruin the present by worrying over the future.
#randomtext "I can't see a car with pink on it without thinking about you." I don't even have a pink car though...lol
chillen and wondering is them damn porkchops ready...! Mama hurry up lol
ANOTHER power outage in San Fran. Guessing it's cuz the hippies out there are trying to power the stadium with hamsters and world peace
u can lu u can hate but that just makes ur nose grow because all u say r lies stop bein a .................. see im not talkin about u
i want a famous person to tweet me so bad i wanna cry :'(
Metta is always fighting someone. Lmao. I remember when he was on the Rockets there wasn't a single game where he didn't try something.
just saw this! Thanks boo!!
Its kind of alarming that its breaking news that the leader of the free world supports equality.
Even though it hurts, I gotta do this. #Goodnight </3
Wow today is not gonna be my day
. is asking for our feedback to help plan next year's summit.
my mom told me to follow my dreams, so I made a twitter and followed you<3
Ugh I want to sleep but I want to know who is wins. Prosser or Kloppenburg
huh? Where am I working?
I agree, but that would constitute 1 foreign cult. dominating a host cult. Nobody wants that. Just that there be space for all
We spent an hour or two last night perfecting our hushpuppies recipe. Watch for them on the starter menu!
Congrats on the new #WycliffeWords game: great tool to learn about the needs of #Bible Translation
MY MADONNA SONG IS ON!
He's a noxious super nause!
The French Mistake! God I love their acting!face in this ep!
Second that. RT : illegal unpaid internships should be seriously policed and ELIMINATED. (cc: )
Girl you's a fool. Lol
Hey how about the photos? Did you get my FB email reminder you asked for? :)
Not sure how I'm feeling about #lesnar back in yet.Said some pretty cold things before, but whatever's good for business I guess?
From the Dept of Postcolonial Justice: UK advertising its charms all over Mumbai to attract the Indian tourist rupee.
Night with my boy. <3
Good morning, #libday8! Get ready for an absolutely riveting Friday, in which I have exactly one thing on my calendar.
Youre the one with it out there flopping around like that
it depends on what features it brings and if it takes any features away from regular
party in the quad!
Big college fair tonight
I like keeping the house awake. It's how I roll.
U suppose to "fluff" it lol no one writes a perfect paper “ Fuck this shit i'ma bout to B.S. the rest of this Essay lol”
Lmaoo damn ... Game full of struggle .... Gotta regroup and take care of business in Indy
negative .. It was a tight one
So many new movies I wanna watch
all these "kings fans" on my TL make me want to vomit
dealing with employees lacking knowledge of internet.............must teach them.
Didn't get to say 'hi' last night! Thank you for coming out to Flash Theater
Grateful for quiet Friday nights at home with my sweetie!
Trying to get to Denver Co. for the weekend for the Wisdom Course. Anything you contribute would help me. Cynthia
Hey dude on the bus at 4 a.m.: asking me to kiss you 5x over doesn't count as game.
i just rubbed one outta the ballpark, you guys.
Im about to start the day off with a massive crap RT : any plans for the fourth?
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Include some incentive to visit your website, such as promoting a new product or noting a new blog entry.
#SongsIKnowOffByHeart Purple Rain...and almost any other Prince album...ok I'm done
Love a #nude special vacation $100 per night visit us
Good Morning! How was your weekend?
Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be. - Zig Ziglar
Our St. Nick Sale is here: $12 off Beer Pouches, 25% off t-shirts, Free UPS Domestic Shipping on orders over $50. www.brewcityonline.com
Seeking for CNA in the Tampa Bay area
bahahaha you make me laugh
well I did take a deep look into your life when I learned your whole name
Halcyon Way have arrives in Berlin! And it's a beautiful day for walking around then rocking Germany once again!
According to , our increasingly vocal baby has "turned into a muppet." She's also got that fun Beaker hairdo.
that will only feed more into my fetish remember lmao XD
Fastest way to catch a cold: touching your nose or eyes with dirty (virus) hands. Wash often and keep your hands off your face!
who's Dunbar & St Frances play Tonight??
true mama ! Wish I could've been with y'all today :( . I have practice tonight
about to make my 300th vote. #boomsauce!
long day, time for sleep
#endoftheworldconfessions I'm starting a support group for all of the Rapture survivers. It's ok to cry.
Liike , You Had The Opportunity , But You Didn't Jump.
If you do not offer a Fish Fry you will not be getting my business this evening.
The more I am with you the more you break my heart... But I'm not giving up.
This=truth: Stay in YOUR lane. Make sure you know where YOU'RE going before you try & give someone else directions.
yes. I will be back next week.
How many people have you been with ?? Hahaha we r really talking about this
Did you see us at one of the many weddings in OK & KS this weekend? Thanks for snapping your photo for the Bride & Groom!
do u answer these posts??
Hope I can stay awake.
dude... Rude.
Good one!
That was alot of uploading.
Super Bowl champs ... AGAIN. Suck it Belicheat. Pats haven't won a DB since spy-gate. Tuck should have won the MVP
Let's make music!
u got edgar winning seriously dawg?
My nephew has the funniest laugh
learning can take a lifetime but so true!
.... So great meeting y'all tonight! We'll definitely have to hang/ make music soon!
Our first Craft Beer Tour is tomorrow in LoDo! Join us on this fun tasting tour of some of Denver's finest taprooms!
Thanks for the recommendation, Mike. I've never heard of that series. I'll check it out.
Draft, FA completion, fantasy draft, fantasy championship, #dabears super bowl win. Yeah its gonna be a great season!!!!!
Happy Monday #twitterverse!
follow me, all of you 200+ people! (:
Were ready for another local show as good as the last one went! To our fans we love you all and your the best!
how old were you in that pic?
Know a #local #sandiego #lajolla company that wants to do a deal? Introduce me, and if they run with us, YOU get $50!
Dreams do come true!! I see big things happen, you have it!! Your missing the boat!
This dough is four days past its recommended date but I think it'll be ok. I'll just use a lot of flour.
I am Tom!
i do
and change pillow cases even more often, especially if you're experiencing one-sided breakouts :)
Kobe bean Bryant!! LMAO @ Reggie miller
Got this big beaker of green uric acid and no idea what to do with it. MLB on Fox, where are you?
Im only 5 mins into and Im already cracking up. Congrats on being picked up for another season, u guys deserve it!
SEATTLE TASTE MAKERS & PRESIDENTIAL EVENTS PRESENTS VIRGO 2K11 - THE BLACK DIAMOND 20TH ANNUAL VIRGO PARTY #VIRGO2K11 $30 to see
OH at : "Sometimes you just have to shake your co*k." cc
Wow ok
I'm making super dark chocolate ice cream with a hint of cinnamon. That's how I do.
Is that a Geeltrip?
Talk about awkward! lol
Had fun today with the visual icebreaker and leadership activity by Also liked new online version
For those "of a certain age." it's never too late. See and her new murder mystery. GO INDIE!
Great to meet you last night at #gelatotweetup. I look forward to seeing you again at more Seattle events.
Oh no.....not a film o.O I'm getting sleepy just thinking about other people, watching a film. You poor thing.
its really ugly outside
I'm sorry for your loss. I am trying to reach some of Kevin's friends. Would you mind chatting? I'm a reporter with the Inquirer
I'm pretty good Wasup with u
-- ranks up there w the real truth of the tooth fairy and Easter bunny.
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 32
ur obsessed with him and he knows it
Plenty of beer. Just need pong tables.
Commission meeting begins. Watch live and view visualizations online at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov
The beauty about completing the form is that for those that jump online and do it is that they get a free class pass
oh ok thanks :)
The naked mole rat! Haha
you all manage to pack so much information into 22 minutes.
Been home all day. I forgot how it feels to be out side my home.
I think that was a bad idea :/
The 2012 PL Comps for Q2 has all shipped out to our subscribers—expect them in your mailboxes soon!
Thanks - Look forward to catching up soon
I trusted you, but now your words mean nothing because your actions spoke the truth.
Whoa! Looks like we are all set if there is a sudden sausage shortage.
I just went and saw the movie.... SO inspirational this movie moved me to take a stand andd make a club and to educate kids
I'm speaking on efforts to end #sextrafficking 's "Arresting Demand" conf in Boston w Ambassador & other leaders
I mean really, whn IS there only 1 way? Smetimes it's true. But w/so many places & people there's bound to be legit variation, isn't there?
Just concluded great breakfast mtg with two fine men President Pattea of Ft McDowell Yavapai Ntn & Dr CT Wright of FH Unified School Dist.
I heard that Canelo made Mosley his bitch tonight, is this true?
It's normal that this is what I think about, right?
did y'all even know about the web awards voting in March? We just heard about it last week!!!
your philosophy: "don't suck?"
plasitc sporks?? Guessing I need further education to offer #insight on this topic- but you are #funny! Will join u in class!
In for the night! I'm already having fun watchin' Braxton Family Values! Love it!
I'm with you re: I'm not a defender of his, but man...some people forget the "ridiculous" part of the mantra.
#ireallyhatewhen friends ask out too many guy for me cause it makes me feel stupid.
i wish Utopias were real :/
Ohh snap how is Zachie talking about.
well i hope so..don't wanna show up barefoot...hahaha
yes!! Awesome conversations. So much passion here!!
I know! Last time I woke up at 6 and still didn't feel totally up to speed. 5:30 wake-up call tomorrow.
I'll see bout that!
What did you get for a tooth under your pillow? I got a nickle, but on this, Tooth Fairy Day, I hear kids now get between $1- $5. Inflation?
BLOCKED // ACCIDENT I-270 West between QUEBEC and VASQUEZ
Why are you such a
Just watched what happened to Rhymes on the MLB Network. That was scary when he collapsed in his first base coach's arms.
If ya'll tweet me WE LOVE MAMA MAHONE 5 times I will give you a shout out ~Sara<3
laughing counts too!
WOOT WOOT!! i got xbox live again!
: But do you have slow hands?
Do not buy Hanley Ramirez low unless he gets traded from marlins.Wasn't high on him preseason,and no workethic in Florida
Clues! RT : Sunday news agenda is: death, tennis, divorce, and stalking. Get swotting
Dammit..I don't know what to draww ;A;
I gotta get some sleep doe...
On my way to San Diego with . we got u!
#np The Downfall of Us All....
well considering my age, im short lol
WE HEART YOU!!!..... you know?And our hearts are the Red Sendik's Bag Color of Red! :) #YesTheyAre :)
just to clarify for the twitterverse yes is 12 but I'm not the one mentioned in this tweet. Thank you :)
Jimmy Johns was faster than expected
love u too! I have exams, soccer ended, and trying to get a guy
Double up
When people assume things <<
If you would be loved, love and be lovable. - Benjamin Franklin
“: Nah that's my zombie hot mama! I got her trained w no brain!” You're a sick man after my own heart.
TOMORROW 5/9 WE WILL B AT TWO RIVERS CORPORATE PARK OFF MCGAVOCK FROM 11-130.COME OUT AND GET THE BEST COUNTRY COOKIN IN NASHVILLE
Midvale blvd. downhill. 6 cops. Must have budget issues.
Welcome to the 21st century Mr. President. So glad you decided to join us in an election year
ha! Well, it's unusual for me to ever 'enjoy' being on hold!!
Yeah. Especially if you go into stores with people you see all the time and recognize you, and then they're tempted to talk.
you tweeted a lot last night
Thanks Stef - you're in charge.
do you feel that we are entering a time of more frank talk about open data?
theres been a few years before you got here.
RT : Got 2 tix for salsa and stars for a lucky fan retweet me
brianna got a sexyy personality n her talk just drive me crazii
no I want thunder and lightening
And just like that, I feel like a damn loser
I think if you drink enough your brain starts photoshoppin people. Lmao
#TigerWalk's name was inspired by the signature pre-game ritual where Auburn players walk through a phalanx of fans lined up on Donohue Dr
: Please RT to let fans know to use #HitchOnBTR if they want to ask M. Hitchcock a question on Tues.
Stuffed, laying down, working out in the morning for sure.
What if IE is uninstalled? Nervous breakdown? RT Dear programs that insist on opening IE instead of Chrome: please fuck off.
That article on disaster costs just highlights the problem of metrics like GDP. True comparison is with the counterfactual.
I would love to sleep in today, but gotta make money. Lol
Deuteronomy 31:8 It is the LORD who goes before you. He will be with you; he will not leave you or forsake you. Do not fear or be dismayed.
PURPLE SWING IT OUT CHRIS MATTEWS is the NICER, DICER, SLICER of anybody who rolls on his show and is one of the CASE OF THE FAKE PEOPLE.
woah... Please don't.
Thanks for the great #140cuse to and the rest - lots of great ideas for a social media class I'm teaching this summer.
Joe Donnelly (D) has a chance to beat Mourdock in November if he gets good turnout.
What are some of your favorite rising talents?
morning Honey
IM SUPER EXCITED
#40Days Till a lot of things, not just your album Justin.
Sometimes we don't get to say Good-bye to those we care about. We can say Good-bye in thoughts. I don't want to say Good-bye yet though.
#scandal #time shifting
Our pizza is made with real French sourdough, fresh sauce and 100% whole milk mozzarella. It's the best pizza around! $5.99 for whole pizza
..Flag of Japan, Bowl of Rice, and Kimono
it looked really solid man
Remember that time I thought I'd be home in time to go running before #HIMYM? Yeah, that didn't happen.
Getting no more than 3 hours of sleep all week is starting to catch up with me. Definitely planning on catching up this weekend.
lol aw that ain't no good wife then. Jk
followed you!!!
I just have to accept the fact you don't want to be friends anymore.
You just did :) Feel free to modify ours as needed.
Unencumbered... Ah...
Enthusiasm is a kind of faith that has been set on fire. - George Matthew Adams.
That feeling where you wanna talk to your best friend about him..but he's already hers...<<<<
HA! Save some of that nice weather for me when I get back tomorrow!
Worse pain that i ever had!:/ it's killing me I swear I never cried soo much...
Caramel Frappé “: A #McCafe Mocha Frappé, Caramel Frappé or an Iced Coffee –which is your favorite way to chill with flavor?”
First league match for my high school guys today, so pumped to watch them dominate
Think in terms of harmonizing with all those involved in your situation and see the outcome flourish for all
sounds interesting!!! Hit me up for time and date
To the douche lord who threw a glass beer bottle in my drive way, thanks a lot for the cut on my foot.. 😒
Patience young Jedi. Wrapping takes skill and strength.
I hope we finish watching shrek in Mrs reyes' class tomorrow! Cuz I don't wanna do work >.<
You can only hate those who've gotten close enough to hurt you.
Wife on bed rest at hospital until baby is born...most likely baby will come early...
Don't wanna go back to Afghanistan without eating at all of the good restaurants.... Gotta decide on dinner tonight.
stats is god
It's ok I was just sick so I didnt do anything expect my birthday dinner lol and ok lol I love you too. TTYL <3
NFT:) How are you?
Then they really are stupid , smh
rough life
john mayer playing guitar is like a chocolate sundae for your ears
Fraid not. I always end up missing those because I work on Saturdays. Lame.
I would love for you to meet who is a USF student who interviewing for internships in NYC for the summer.
just glad he's out of my life, feel bad for all the future broken-hearted women that he's gna hurt. cc
So sweet, thanks for waking up with us!!
loll no..
w/a printer failure. If you finish before due date & time, you have time to troubleshoot & notify you.
“: that's gross” haha
Q from MAPI: are univ's too difficult for industry to work with? A: need to improve incentives for univ's to accelerate innovation.
I'm going to spend my nights either sleepless because I'm too busy thinking of you
; & the oscar goes too for being fucking "dramatic" 👏👏👏👏 you want yah fucking award.
You guys, I'm such a bad person for wanting to be happy with my life and trying to suck out the venom from it.
A lot of the restaurants do, like Burger Up (beef from Triple L Ranch in #FranklinTN) and tayst, among others.
625 followers.. U guys r great
Jamie Varner signs 3 fight deal with
The trick is to make sonic booms either "non irritating" 79-88 dB or eliminate them completely.
U see it!
#kitchenpetpeeves #angrydiner.. had a custmer tell me to f off because I wouldn't comp an entire bill
Did anyone see "The Hunger Games" yet? What did you think? Did you get hungry? Come by and eat a torta!
Ok here's a "weird" one for you: What's your favorite time signature? =)
I Should Get Paid For Thee Shiit I Put Up With....
Are there are any debugger tools that show the actual value passed in the events variable?
Time to read, Emily the Strange!<3
Happy birthday to my boo and best friend ❤😘 I love you to the moon and back!
Headed into a day off. Hopefully I won't sleep through this one like last time.
Worst name for a band in the digital era ... "Porn".
- Well, Did ya get it yet? (hint→"Sweetness")
The next time my kids ask me what Jesus looks like, I'm going to say, "Jayson Werth".
hm.... is picking up more syrup today. Maybe Langdon Wood should do a "porter" aged edition.
wait what?
Hi, Larry Jarrell suggested I contact you regarding comic book reviews. I got a few titles, how do I get them in your hands?
I accept
are you Nutz!! I want the mega ticket!!!!
I didn't 4get about u too much goin on bc my bad car accident. Do ur thing I still got u
#MattsChance producer just joined pa & actress on
well said mama“: we love your mom that's why! You can be frustrated at your mom and not call her a bitch!”
raise taxes
I Guess Girlfriends Are Cool...
Can't recall 2 many days where I was in a good ass mood ALL day long. And it aint even friday.
Creating Your Beyond, LLC - What's your heart’s desire? In helping people to create life they love living we will work together...
recipe please...
Per #HouseOfCards will begin filming tomorrow in Washington, D.C.! Filming will take place around Pennsylvania Avenue & 3rd...
its ok your good : ) and uhmm I wrote a rap it go ham
LOL that's funny. Did you see movie & read book? I don't even think #Katniss braid looks like what book described it.
"SOME OF U' NIGGAS IS BITCHES 2"-ICE-T "ORIGINAL GANGSTER!!!!"
Ugh does it get any worse? RT It's rainy windy & cold (42) outside. Cabs are in high demand & higher then usual traffic.
that's super hipster.
We Appreciate Teachers! Show us your faculty ID and get 10% off your meal!
My Filipino girlfriend is watching a Korean soap opera. I thought all asians hated each other like the rest of us do.
Hollywood Jammers take on ex Lakers player Tony Farmer of the OC Gladiators Tuesday 5-5-09 7:30pm at Grant High School. Kids under 14 FREE
With family heading to "Block Party on Wisteria Lane" at #universalstudios supporting the #CF foundation
People can be so weird..love public transit..
I submitted my script. I wish I could have utilized a few more days, but I'm about to get on a bus back to NYC.
It's 6pm and I'm tipsy out of a sippy cup at Big'Z with and AO
Congratulations to Mari for a beautiful Quince yesterday. Photos posted soon. Now time for johns incredible!
Isn't it though? I'll CC you next time ;-)
What up
Opening Day at Fenway is like Christmas! Can't wait to go in a few weeks with my boys!!
"If he is dreaming, then he must be asleep. And if he is asleep, then I will wake him up!"
Catch me rockin @ The Bar Room March 2nd!!
Join us at Reston Community Center for the annual Pet Fair Saturday, April 9 1:00 p.m.-4:00 p.m. Hope to see you there!
if we skype and i dont have a haircut..we go together
40 Days til' Southern Decadence! Who's pumped? Enter our Southern Decadence Sweepstakes now! http:///www.m2sweeps.com
#JPM kept gambling & look at those idiots now.
how often does the positive of social learning get run over by reality of high stakes testing
I will always have your back Texas Ranger, you my Texas brother!! Miss ya! How's the wifey?
Oh I offended you with my opinion? You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
this is beautiful!
I sell out Arenas I call that getting dome
Sing it, sister!! Love that you spoke up about it! Your body created ANOTHER HUMAN, give it some time to rest!!!
Austin's middle name is 'Carter'! RT if you think his name is perfect. (: Austin Carter Mahone. ♥
My room was just clean a couple days ago... Oops
I like my rockstar sugar free and my nose holes booger free
Probably why I was binge eating a few tweets ago “WhenSomethingEatsUs,We Over-Eat.GluttonyIsSelf-MedicationForUnhappyEmotions.” -
Most corporate Expense Reporting systems/processes are in desperate need of tech overhaul/modernization.
“: stop it right now I wish otown was still together” Hahahah me too lmao. You n your neighbor had that shit down! Ahaha
My Battery Is About To Die Cuz Ive Been On Twitter! XD
I start my new job Thursday :)
Thank you all for the #FF last Friday! Have a blessed week:)
yea we did. You went to a movie with ????... Jealous
#actors #headshots is the real deal.
Ladies we marked down over 5,000 pairs of women's shoes this morning!!!
Thanks for following! We are lovers of all those same places :) I grew up in Almaden! Looking forward to connecting.
Watching 1981 Wimbledon tape off KPRC at the Paley Center...for the commercials.
What are the two types of parole? Which is more common?
$59.4 billion = Total loss of workers’ wages & salaries as a result of sequester, what calls "balanced"
Warning: Women, do not hate me, I have to ask this: Why is it that some women have to be so difficult and not communicate what they want?
Bulls needed ALOT this series.
Can't say I haven't had that thought before
At the same damn time! x7)
i just laugh @ the bitch.
that cover is amazing! Love it! (:
I never knew there were 7 different types of monster.......... #amazed ~Devin.Anne<3
NOTE TO SELF: Stop sleeping under the fan and you'll stop waking up with a stuffy head.
Uuuhhh think think think
Golic will never top that. Never ever ever ever ever.
LAST MINUTE TABLES??? RT/DM for tables/bottles for one of the hottest late night clubs in the city!!!
Any Pro Tips for a new-grad aspiring game designer in the LA area?
awww I miss you bunches.
RaRaRiot had to cancel this Sat. gig in The Sett due to illness. We will reschedule R but Yellow Ostrich & Delicate Steve will still play!
We keep only what we give away.
whats it about? and yeah know it:)
Work out time...day #5 on this workout
RT : Best practices teach you how to ride the bike. Innovation gets to do the 720 aerial.
we're rocking your trend-watcher tonight fyi
lol. That was interesting indeed. See you soon
Rt if you love austin mahone and you want him to follow you <3
Detting ready to go to home depot. It is one of my happy places
"Wait on the Lord: be of good courage, and he shall strengthen thine heart: wait, I say, on the Lord." -Psalm 27:14
Safe journeys!
Give your customers choices to be able to connect with you --> #facebook, #email, #twitter, #linkedin, etc…
I'll bet your Twitter account is blowing up at the moment :-) I still haven't forgiven Jerry for firing Tom Landry!
Lol @ my last tweet. I had 2 follow da girl who said it haha.
You can take the challenge with us! RT sure wish I could make it to the Fit & Fabulous event!
im laughing so hard i punched my dad sorry dad
To the random guest in our tiny chat that just started playing , i love you.
#ASKSARAH: what is your favorite part about prom?
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Celebrating last day w/our intern :( We will miss her positive spirit & grateful to have had her on our team!
First thing i'm doing when I move out: Stretching my ears to an inch.
that a girl!
OH: Prince Charles is Stannis Baratheon. No one wants him to be king.
thank you kind sir! I like the number 11. ha!
oh okay, lol... So are you going to have an album out soon.? I hope so.! I love listening to your music.
nah...I actually don't have any music on it...
“: Remember, directors say “action!” not “overaction!””
why have i been feeling really hated on lately. asjdfkl like.. i don't know what happened
#KehindeWiley first portrait of a female is Santi White of #Santogold?!?!?! Awesome!! Can't wait to hear the new music.
are you ready for some fun tomorrow?
Oh but they are…name one people who have lost their language to the point of not being able to name it who have
Ok- just found the link to the two free credits. I've already signed up so I lost my shot. Boo!
Who knew looking for a prom dress would be so difficult 😳
so I'm told.
New Opportunity at SolarWinds - Sr. Online Project Manager: lnkd.in/35pJYw - Austin, TX
TekPartners will be at the South Florida .Net Code Camp this Saturday 2/18 at Nova Southeastern University. We hope to see you there!
App idea: A service that makes you virtually invisible & perhaps kills you at the same time. So at last you can relax.
Best description I've heard yet.
Why is it so hard to get to follow me!?
Pinterest is not working!
thanks so much man! hope to see you at a show in september!
His wife finna beat his ass lol
They need bosh to win this series that's just real talk...people say he sorry but he still scores
My Top BTNH tracks: Do Foe Tha Love Of $ (esp. extended part), Creeping On Ah Come Up, Everyday Thing, 1st Of Tha Month (no, no Thug Luv)
Joshua's voice gives me "gooseys" ALL the time. What a talent. American teenagers need a lesson in good music
Kinda wishing this was a dream.... nightmare.:(
yes u do , stop it!
I think we need to find a way to get a star to pair with the zbo/Marc
Adversity: the moment champions live for...
. The Lion, The Witch, and the Pizza
approximate improvement in mood when M's play good baseball: 25%.
WE NEED UR HELP PLEASE!! is thinking about suicide !!! Please help us get selena to tweet her to change her mind
Only the Rockies have allowed more runs in the NL than the #brewers. That's really has been the overall story, despite the offense of late.
This sinus headache can go straight to hell.
Did you get it to work?
Eeww I'm muscling through this.
i followed her
Great choice! =]
my favorite boy band ever! :)
join my Mobster 2 on Facebook:
Congrats my man! RT : Christophe Choo from Coldwell Banker Beverly Hills honored in the top 1% of agents Internationally.
Never underestimate the value of great friends :)
LAX is crazy right now. Lots of grown-ass adults cutting in-line and swearing. Happy Holidays!
My body hates me for being awake.
yes I am. Just found out this past summer
Fake RT: Not guilty bitches! See u @ the clubz, first round tonight on me ;)
Smiling back😊
i'm for sure not going. couldn't get press access.
#SaySomething next wednesday cant wait!!!! :DD
Follow back fam! It's woo
you mean the world to me, even though were not dating!
The girls with the scarves. She's a nice looking one :)
The cat was playing with a dead cockroach.
So in a couple years they can file antitrust suits aginst them? Sure.
I played 4 innings, got two at bats.
Nike golf shirt..
okay, maybe.
Ted Valentine, one of most prominent NCAA officials reffing this game.
#IdeasForNBA2K13 Add in the Bucks' mascot, Bango. He's arguably the only positive, consistent thing going for the team.
Winchester Hospital adorns hallway with Clarke County landscape photography; Landmark tree w/ pasture fence and rolling hills on the horizon
you watching she's my friend in my head you know!!! :)
lol I can't right now! I can after that DCA thing tonight! If you wash the outside ill help you with the inside tonight! Promise!
catch anything? lol
Rob D and Ann. Makeup game tomorrow morning?
Thanks for noticing! ;) Come and see us some time! RT : Congrats to for winning The Extra Yarn Contest.
as long as it is steel
Is that what you do to stay funny, Jimmy? <3
lol, what are you taking about? you tweeted to me&said yes I am&that was a song lyric. you okay?
SUV kind of depends, and alas can't yet do more than one at a time. Best to have a friend/family member request at the same time.
has the best names for her "kids": Rafter Yellow and Stormy Cashmere. Like throwing a dart at a dictionary...
Was far from the epitome of that hash tag against Arsenal in that '04-05 match that ended the Invincibles' undefeated run.
Who is planning on trick-or-treating around South Beach?
- Why don't more government agencies participate in the #abilityone program; especially in this economy?
Sometimes I feel like if I didn't talk to people it would be easier to talk to people.
RT if you have friends on Twitter ♥
what's your favorite thing to do besides dance and basketball? And follow me ?(: 2
Harry is pricing some really cool records, including some Smiths and Pogues. Rain schmain!
If you ask me how I'm doing, I'd say I'm doing just fine, I'd lie and say that you're not on my mind
Jackson Generals play a double header tomorrow!!! Game 1 goes to , and Game 2 goes to !!! ⚾👍
It's all happening…
½ off all rails, calls, domestics, & micros tonight 8pm – Close!
Damn I'm tired af I could knock out at any time
Thinking about a summer berry claufouti and cinnamon ice cream.
Oh I know it. I'm sitting in it. I know it intimately.
Your 'precious detail' is my comedy gold. Eli is such a fun character to root for.
well, I gotta go. My mom takes all my electronic devices away at 10.... Haha just kidding.
uh what? What's up with her?
yeah. Hopefully he wont get out this time.
WHY THE FUCK IS LOUIS ARMSTRONG SO GOOD?! Thanks to for my introduction to Louis' music.
I really really want to meet you, it would make me so happy I would die(: Please come to Rolling Oaks mall at 6:39 tonight
/// Too many "lean with it, rock with it"........not enough "cash rules everything around me."
Gracias for the mention! Have a Margarita today after work! :)
I still don't understand how the Castronovo'a were "losers" in school.. Da faq
Straight throwback
Party/street festival. Live music and food and drinks. Today is the day!! Don't miss it!
Heartbeat: 24 hours at St. Paul's Hospital - The Province
I MISS YOU TOO BUDDY!
#yoga kicked my ass today! love it!
Floyd boy
WTR TV ch 21 time warner right now 6pm new music Kid Ink,Eldorado RED, Future
Damn Robert Talbot! Cbs8 must pay nice! Any openings ? I was hoping men's fashion depot! LoL
Dinner @ work, hope this night fly's by!
YES. I don't have the after party in the members club to get my excitement out so....
2 19 month olds having a screaming contest... I'm deaf
NFL Players added more fields in order to make their decisions faster. If you have more Qs we can get a call scheduled for you.
Niggas ride Lebron but him & Chalmers the only ones that showed up. I'm disgusted with Wade
thank you!!
dosas, karaoke, San Gennaro, bulgogi, BK Book Fest, records, friends, bridges, whitney, senna, frick, bagels, nostalgia.
Have I ever said how much I hate the lakers......fuck the lakers....fuck the lakers....!!!!
I want to know more about this
its sad when doing jumping jacks two days ago leaves me barely able to walk today. hahahaha.
I don't wanna work....
What the hell kinda shirt was Justin wearing tonight? Oh, super-rich, totally bangin' famous boys. Gotta love 'em.
ya. My mom was like im suprised that there isnt a ton of people here..like no one was there.!!
Pulled out my wallet in class to get my I.D. Card for lunch and one of my condoms fell out in front of my teacher
coming september 13th at famous sam's in glendale -the shakedown sunday. visit myspace.com/magikentpromotions for more flyer info.
Morning Joe - Mark Halperin - Is there any truth he is seeking the Republican Nomination?
3 spots left for a 1 hour marketing consultation to put you on top of your competitors..email us
#BLiNQ's #LiFT report ranks , and as some of the top Food/Beverage interests for
GET MONEY SMOKE WEED & FUCK
well there is that
Went into a fish'n'chip shop for dinner only to be told they only make pizza. That's logical considering nowhere did it mention pizza....
Hey, Scars on 45 opened for the Fray back in Feb, right? Were they good live? Cause they're coming back to Reno this summer. :)
My 2 dogs weren't even a single cell until 2 years ago...
prom dress purchased :)
Helluva a shoutout man! Thank you!
Nigga girl please haha and nothing
How can you tell which kid on the playground is the trombone player's kid? He doesn,t know how to work the slide and he can,t swing!
Curious- do you think people in sun-soaked cities send twit pics when it rains? Like, (picture) "Rain! Ah.."
maybe it would. #lustoverlove #moneyovereverything kidding.
Ugh ! I would love to punch him in his face rite now !
Wagons Galore: deadbolt lock reviews Online
Said it was the best win of his career!! Unreal!!
Had a few beers last night and started bragging about my Klout score, which explains why I feel like a horrible person today.
I feel like I really screwed up this time and no matter how sorry I am, it still bothers me.
Now day #2 procrastinating the assembly of the IKEA closets.
17. My Eyebrows 
MY BABY PHILLIP IS SAFE ! <3
The Texas Early Childhood Leadership Summit kicked off this morning in Austin, TX. Stay tuned for updates from this event!
Got one ahead of it on a deadline, but yours is nice so far. Should just be a couple more days
What are your plans for the weekend?
wearing a bandana in his honor? extensions?
aww thx for sending me a tweet a tweetis like a internet present but when ur bummed out it turns out to be dust
Did anyone actually think the #Giants WOULDN'T win the #superbowl !? Go #nyc !!
Just had thee best romaine salad with ranch dressing & garlic accents ever. & some jamba juice.
i hate history movies ;p
got busy, but i'm still here!
It's an exercise on creativity. Should be fun.
Trying not to let silly irritations become major drama is often a herculean task. Stand back you little 'problems' ~ ME HULK!
is 'the independents' on kick starter?
UGH i can't stand follow spam.
going to sleep there?
yea big lol population 10 hey I grew up in baileys harbor so I know te feeling
When u settle down,settle down with some 1 that is worth settling down, Dont settle 4 less than what u deserve,Settle for what u dreamed abt
Chopped 3 handed for $6,908. 2nd would have been $5,700 so I am OK with that chop. Great start! Let's keep it going.
Looking forward!! RT : Live piano accompaniment for next panel I'm moderating. In A Family Way. 2:15. Don't miss it!
Cool, thanks for the heads up!
since people are scared to put their money up for this bracket pool, i'll make it for free. who wants in?
where you seeing some derby? HUGE fan of here in St. Paul
Having a good day at work :)
RT if you watched MTV Europe Music Awards
Can I ever sleep in? Ugh
You will be missed! RT : And that, as they say, is that. Thank you Columbia City for a wonderful 5 years.
You gotta be kidding me
Could someone from Red Door call me right away? May need to take foster bun w runny nose to vet! No one there now 8132945422
Did we expect the Super Committee to compromise? They're all up for re-election and will not budge from the party line. We need leaders!
Finely textured beef should have been explained by chefs,not politicians! Know where your meat comes from & how it's processed.
Welcome to the tweet party!
I don't want to sound like a bad ass but... I eject my USB without it being removed safely!
Has an interview with the Portland Timbers next week!
I'm at for a short-term and then who knows. Just the way I like it. How are you?
I'd be interested. Did you have something particular in mind?
Have you been reading the 3-part NYT story on this?
“Men trust God by risking rejection. Women trust God by waiting.”
Did awesome on my solo!:)
Why must I be cursed with this appetite that makes me eat all my food for the night before 1 AM?
“: Like to welcome to Rip City! Yessir” Nice pickup Blazers!
- I wish I did. I know a guy who lives there but he works in the bay area
Sleep now, drinks later.
Bro tellin me our hang out is gonna have to be ran by the girlfriend tho <<< smh
Was gonna take the train home from work today. Got to the station, my train was cancelled 3 months ago. Yay for checking the schedule fo ...
I live a helluva life!!!!!
Nope. I hung out in the student center. I like noise.
“He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.” —Friedrich Nietzsche
is #1 again on &Park and they got me Saying Hello.!! <3 :)
its not over for another 4 hours....watch yo back
