I wouldn't be surprised if Kobe injected himself with the Flu in attempt to be more Jordan-like.
Im FREAKING bored CANT sleep
Listening to #IDareYou by and it is so awesome!
"Write it on your heart that every day is the best day of the year." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Cyberry Digital Media (music startup) seeks 2 team members: PHP developer + biz dev person with proven track record (to impress investors).
I'm always proud of you!
i want to go on my roof and take artsy kinds of pictures.
I use it for long calls at home. So I don't carry it around (yet?)
me too!
we got three?? Wowza?
Without phonebooks how are we to press autumn leaves?
Hello! How is your #WoofWednesday going?
You never know how great you can be at something till you try
wish I was till in texas. My sisters friend is one the best in the country. 6 month waiting list for a tat from him
#SXSW finds: #Alamo #Ritz no talking or tweeting in this theater but eat and drink the night away.
@ Fabulous Education Service Officers' lunch hosted by
i feel like playing some zombies.
Ewing will join center Peter Konz in Atlanta. Too cool!
Paper by 53 is really slick! Thanks for the suggestion.
MAY DAY: thx for 8 hr work day, no child labor/forced child labor (which is wrong GOP, Mitt) gosh i wish gop ppl would stop their arrogance
Want to purchase that perfect gift that is cost effective, eco-friendly and with a multipurpose?..look no further visit .
I JUST DONT LIKE ABC OR DISNEY BRING BACK THE SOAPS I CAN NOT TELL A LIE I JUST DONT LIKE ABC BRING BACK MY SOAP
LMFAO much more valuable to his team???? whats their record, alls he has is yards on Rodgers...can't touch A.Rod LOL
Why are all these people posting their lottery tickets! People will copy your numbers! :>)
$10,000 I destroy you on the golf course. You have 0 argument & don't know the rule so you obsess on typos.
Is it Bears season yet? Being a Cubs fan is rough! I guess I can't win today!
RT : This Sat, be sure to join us for ! It's gonna be an AMAZING evening! I'll be on #SaxappealRefined mode.lol
no man! Thank you!!! Don't ever stop making music!
Hobbyist to the pro fisherman & angler
yes I heard..that Big one isn't ..holy Crap! He's delish!
I hear you . Losing motivation by the minute...
Many of my NYG tweeps on my TL will be split because of the NYR vs Devils series
If Floyd loosed this fight he's gotta fight Pac for his name sake and can no longer talk a 50/50 split with Pach!!!
The first five people to order using the "BIRTHDAY" code will also get an additional surprise gift in their order!
yeah you'really right
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book ......
:( Rest in peace Ms. Whitney houston. We lost another one of the greats.
just one more week of school and I start my break. omfg. YES.
So Flipper comes out and apologizes for an incident hat didn't happen? Yeah right!
Thanks too for following us. We sell just about anything that is legal
or not haha?...either way, I am sure it is a great story and best of luck w/ sbotd in the future
I'm tellin' ya, it'll be entertaining at the very least! (btw, you can see it for free via Netflix). It's going to be world-wide.
We've reserved you gents half the bar & a couple hi-tops, Nik & Dayanne at your service behind the bar. =)
HOW not WHO, lol
Yes, yes they are. : #TaxWallStreet... Just met with Congress man Young's aid, #nurses are PHENOMENAL!
: Dear Mr. Lazarou, Esq., Please inform your client some of us find ourselves bored and unamused without him on WWE. Thank You
I WANT TO GO SWIMMING TONIGHT WHOSE DOWN
Favorite Relative we've met - Jackson Gibbs & God Rest her Soul, Mrs. Mallard. Relative to meet - Abby's little brother.
I thing T2 gets better every time I watch it and Superman 4: Quest for Peace get worse every time I watch it.
“: Psst....you have the date wrong, it's Saturday June 9.....not june 6 ;-)” ~ thanks damn dyslexia.
I wanna go homee & munch !
RT : Join us at de Vere's Irish Pub every weekend for Brunch and enjoy $9 Bottomless Bottle Service Mimosas 9am-2pm!
your profile pix is crazy hot!!! You look like a 100 million dollarz!!
Weird numbers keep calling me..
Follow and
Done with teaching for the night.
You're very welcome! Great source of info!
Josh is singing Etta!!
Francisco couldn't save a dollar... At least record an out... Damn dude
It is just now 12 and my phone battery is at 55%
that's really random... He should come to at the beacham downtown!! :)
Mutual admiration & appreciation! It's team work & we're fortunate to have such a great partner! What a big win!
Want more views, bring Justin. End of story.
jomeezy is nasty tho! He's dope...I got some new beats
What do you get when you cross the Godfather with a lawyer? An offer you can't understand.
I'm at the #CARLconf2012 preconferences today down in San Diego.
wow you is just totally coral!
know why it's gonna be an awesome mothers day weekend ? special Saturday night on fx. Hold the flowers, just give me inappropriate
I wish i was one of those 900 people...
first of Petrino report- told my wife the same thing. Everyday has at least 1 Seinfeld connection 4me
Do drafters not understand 150 at bats? He has talent but Lawrie is going really high.
Have you tried the cod sliders? They’re on the Restaurant Week lunch menu. 2 courses for just $10, right now!
Pavillion black, table 39, seat 4. If anyone is stalking me, now is your chance. Morale high, 1st goal is 1st break.
if you stay till the end, say hi. I'm on the left by the sound booth/table wearing a tan jacket and red-ish shirt
I rate my life on a scale of Waiting For Guffman-Back To The Future.
rue. Let's call it art?
MERRY CHRISTMAS AND GOOD CHEER TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILIES
you have no soul
FREE LAP DANCES FRIDAY MARCH 23rd!!! Noon to Midnight!
On our way to Lion King at Bob Carr! Happy mothers Day momma! <3
Finder's keepers, losers suck
I havent figured you out. I said what U said was nasty, not that you're a nasty person We all make mistakes. So did breitbart.
There's a wedding dress sale I'm going to buy it now lmao
Bilingual Substitute Associate instructor at $15.07/hour & NO BENEFITS in all caps? America please get your priorities together.
Mizzou. “: where did Alex go?”
RT : All chalked in for the #UPAF #RideForTheArts as part of team B+L w/ and !
Happy Spring Break to our UCF Knight-Thon & Miracle participants! Have a fun and safe break. Thank you for your support!!
Maybe now you want more autonomy, flexibility, or to make a positive impact on the world.
Ayers: Jokes about the "I'll be dead by then" model of program planning.
my whole night: twitter, facebook, tumblr, and food. loving my saturday nights <3
5 runs 2 HRs. I didn't say an explosion or anything, just that they "left sleep mode," calm down
thanks for the support walid. What kind of work do you do in Egypt?
I judged German Wheat/Rye categorey this afternoon for the 1st round of NHC. Now my wife is dealing w the gaseous consequences
Getting ready to go home, long day !
both work. This week may be better!
my friend finished the mockingjay too
We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!
Learn Chinese for the day: set:固定的, study:研究, few:很少数, trip:旅行, match:相配
Didn't you say like 2 years ago that you wouldn't be friends with people that smoke? LMFAO. Another hypocrite BITCH.
nothing like a little johnny depp to cheer you up :D
Hey fellas what's up? Jon here, so I wore tshirt,shorts and flip flops to work 2day. Jim Boeheim is in studio..should I go home and change?
Anyone have link 2 Politically Speaking interview with party leaders, & Only able to catch last 10 min.
#no u may not have my number
It's happening
what a game who were you rooting for in the heat of the moment?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BRO CHRIS AND MY BRO !! PARTY PARTY PARTY LET'S ALL GET WASTED!! lol
Just scored 6 world of color passes from a random person
Was just needing that veg inspiration. Thank you!
Don Kelly is going to remind us why we're missing Austin Jackson, isn't he
i just ate the rest of my chipotle for dinner that i had for lunch. omg.
Social Media is the new way to do business so get used to it or move out of the way!
RT I Appreciate You .
awe your welcome! Plz post more of him from now on! He's too cute not to be seen lol he made me smile so much
I just chase my dreams
Feeling I'm about to sabotage myself tonight ...
#Brewer are not taking advantage of base runners today. Garza could have about 5 runs in him so far.
Of course I'm gonna follow one of my favorite authors.
#Knicks with a HUGE WIN
Never regret anything.
Out shopping and dinner tonight! Woo!
We're on our way back to NYC after a successful trip to the #MarchForLife today! We also got to meet several Congressmen at a reception.
You're very welcome! Thanks for using ShowClix, Happy New Year!
Maggie Smith is the new Betty White.
Oh… hello Trending Articles.
what's wrong?
THanks for following Nate!
hey bookie
Angela Cory just won't do right not taking this in front of a Grand Jury Zimmermen is guilty of murder in the 1st degree point blank
Life Changing!!
Looking forward to your decision on Monday morning, Judge Stroud.
Last time I tweeted I had 400 somethin followers, now I have over 600!! :^DD
RT : So I got the first week numbers, #14 hip hop album in the country, 4660 units sold
Great moments at tonight's Nevermore rehearsal! We love our cast and crew!
re: memory foam mattresses bahahah!
Now I know that I'm not all that you got. I guess that I, I just thought maybe we could find new ways to fall apart..
Very alive and well! Currently filming a new WWE series w other stars. Keep your ear to the ground for it
"Backend-as-a-Service" OMG THIS SHIT IS REAL.
every single fucking Hacker News article is like WHY YOUR DOG SHOULD LEARN TO CODE
in the building prepping and working on some tracks
THANK YOU. J school made me realize how many J students absolutely do NOT understand what "freedom of speech" means.
hate you
he did a great job today - speaking about the difference between education, information and learning.
will this slow down Netflix DVDs???
No use complaining its Friday and its my own fault I don't drive...still frustrating though
Dear Seth, Do I still have a job? that is all
Well. See ya next game.
i've been on those for yeeaarrssss!
Woohoo! We are at follower 809! Remember, follower # 1000 wins an autographed CD! I wonder who it will be??
Babyboy we'll be young forever
no man.......lol Adidas is more fiya then nike!!!!!!
Fact: from 1990 - 2010, the annualized return of the S&P 500 was 9.1% while the average active mutual fund returned 3.83%. Fess rob wealth.
Not #TaylorSwift. Please.
Ms. Major!!! Yes, been a long time, how are things?
How's the Movie Break and Dawn is it good ?
“: get that money girl!”
that's hilarious u made a TEST! test 123!!! hahahaha
She's got a point! RT MAYBE IF WAS SO FUN Y'ALL WOULD BE ENJOYING IT INSTEAD OF TWEETING IT NONSTOP
new orleans I'm down but that could be scary too but I think thats my top choice.
#questionsthatdontgetanswers can u?
Cobb's previous history of aggressiveness pays off
Thank you, ma'am!!
I'm getting tired of school man!!! Masters will be completed on aug 31... It seem like years from now!!!
IF YOU FOLLOW> IL GIVE YOU A SHOUTOUT!!!
The veggie rolls are more filling. I think just cheese, mushrooms, and spinach.
which basketball takes it all home this year now that Rose is hurt?
"im going to do laundry all day tomorrow" you from yesterday
Ah, yes, it should say "the majority of women under thirty WHO ARE HAVING CHILDREN are doing it on their own."
look who it is :-p
Ironic. Don't u think? Did the guest bring a waterfall?
not only do you have the greatest name in the #NFL but you're also from Bmore? Good stuff.
Thankful that God saw fit for our lives to intersect! LYB
So, has anyone approached #Crew96 FO about permanently installed smoke devices that would pass fire code & not explode the insurance bill?
i miss you too babe :/
LOL SHE DONT KNOW WHAT TO SAY LOL I LOVE HER THO
I want to be reborn as
#Indianapolis acc. to Tradeshow Weekly via planning guide: "Everything a #tradeshow manager could possibly dream of needing." <-FACT
Girl Scout cookies are being sold outside Saxby's at 35th & O. Get them while you can!
Bynum don't jump please - KD
Yes! I should be easy to find on Saturday at our #StartupLife Celebration. See you there!
Why was the plumber sad?
It interupts my sleep :(
NKYEC collaborates with UWGC & partners to establish Education Bold Goals
RT “: A champion needs in his attitude a motivation above and beyond winning. Pat Riley #raisethebar”
I just tebowed the shit out of Israel. ...I was also asked never to come back.
Either A you're known for for it or B you not known so get knownRT : Y is dick sucking a topic of discussion on my timeline lol
RT : The most legendary Porsche race cars were all customer cars from the 935 to the 962
If you past 20 and yo mama still live with u?
Just hopped out the shower , feeling like its gonna be a good ass day .
#BetterWithChicago not good with words. But if you want to believe me, I think I want those tickets more than anyone....
What is this the Depression? 1920s? Come on now. The recessions not that bad.
i just slapped my brother for pinching my thighh..
yes haha next event!!
if you're into musicals you should watch phantom of the opera...or you could watch dear john if you're in a love story mood
It kills me when I have to know someone else's job just to ask them to do something.
never seen a bigger mess of a customer queue in my life. Our bill is wrong about 1/3 of the time with random undisclosed charges.
Wear one of my two Super Bowl Champ Shirts.... The Green one if we are at home and the white one if we are at an away game
Don't u hate the look the adults and younger kids give wen u slide out of the slide from mc donalds +_-
I'm off for spring break and I just woke up! Life is good :)
HAVE A NICE DAY.
killed it in Knuffle Bunny. Yea girl!
FUQ YEAH MAYNE. But I'll have to charge you...
So much to get done tomorrow and I'm wide awake going over what I have to do in my head.
Ahh yes I may be headed that same direction :) where in Cali?
RSVP: After Dark
Saturday at was brilliant. 2 more weeks of grinding out some school work and then a Scandinavian adventure. Can't wait.
The brave overcome fear.
could of told you that one. Manhattan in summer is beyond amazing.
Thanks to for sharing #UWSocial with us!
#ROC peeps, is playing the Lilac Fest. This band is a blast to watch even if you don't know them. Front man Fred is amazing!
When First National City Bank of New Your first bought Hubschman Factors in 1965 it was the start of modern factoring.
A clean, new blouse attracts the soup of the day. Looking for #funnyoneliners for my site. Anyone have ideas?
just got drenched..
Loved Phillip Phillips' version of Madcon's Beggin'! I'd buy that record! Today. America, vote for ! He's the only original!
i have no doubts it is...but your hourly is higher online
yeahh, hahahahah. im tired but loosing sleep is worth talking to you ;)
So, #gay Republicans hate taxes more than they hate the people who hate them. Okay, sure.
Q8 You're heading on vacay when a friend calls saying they have emergency surgery. Would you stay home or go anyway?
Nice, solid win. Gutted it out. Hopefully they can keep it going on the road on Sun RT : Final: Indiana 73, Michigan 71.
I'm about to start Chapter 5 in The Geography of Bliss -- Iceland: Happiness is Failure. #mustgotoiceland to see if this is true.
Up late smkn
Best thing for Vikings: Ponder throws for a ton of yards this season but Vikings still lose/end up with first pick to trade away
hell, Triv could hit 4th with our current healthy players
hop off of her dick.
After 31 days in the auto hospital, my Civic Hybrid is finally returning home after her accident. #proudmom #thankgoodness b/c gas is HIGH.
Feels like 1968 except Obama is Nixon and the MSM and LEFT loves him and the music scene really sucks.
bahahaha oh lord
Texans petition for a Ron Paul / Mitt Romney debate in Houston ...
Mac miller is that nigga !
We want the UK sad bad. One day. One day.
Lol in the 3rd phoenix wright game the main prosecutor loves coffee x)
Ain't love grand? Or at least morbidly obese...
Good morning #venues & #event #promoters! Contact us if you'd like to use social phenom of virality to promote & sell out ur events!
Ooh, yeah. When are you here??
"Mary Star of the Sea" has aged well. Smooth & tasty. And listening to this great disc has cleared the SC debate from my ears!
Its TBT damn.. how many old pictures of yourself do you have..
I was very ambitious about achieving goals until I learned you can just go to bars and lie to people.
My son finds him his own lil spot in the bed and fall asleep
Keeping #VirginiaTech in my thoughts and prayers. Stay safe Hokies!
Welcome to #Chicago! : Bubbly wine flight time
I enjoy cooking a fantastic dinner and drinking homemade beers. This is one of those reasons why I picked up running.
Hey, I'm walking over to Zoe's Kitchen for lunch if you want to join
Good nite Tweet peeps
It always feels really good knowing that I'll be the best looking person in a 7-11
I get the best head every morning
Wow...Yagin's face was a bloody pulp but he held on and got the win. Awesome fight!
So, have nothing to do on a Monday after watching #RAW don't fall asleep go blast some
so you just going to throw me under the bus knowing that was yo drunk a** Lmfao. I felt bad for them so I bought 1 cuz of u
thanks for following! I sent you an email via your website.
i am so sweaty from track..
right like why haha it has never even happened to me till now! ugh well i think i'm followig you now!
For your budgeting software, have you tried HelloWallet? Offers budgeting help & personalized financial guidance.
Right next to the plans for the Flying Car?
Good Morning People Visit us @ www.allsportsshopping.com sale on UGG boots.
What a fuzzball! :)
If you are not getting as much love out of life as you are putting in, something is wrong.
have u been here?
Hope everyone is safe after yesterday's monsoon. If you are having any cooling or AC issues let us know. We're happy to help in any way.
You got a kik bro?
should be a statute of limitations: after 3 months trying, copyright is free!
For now we see through a glass, darkly; but then face to face: now I know in part; but then shall I know even as also I am known.1Cor. 13:12
I miss you, too, Roger.
Nervous #af won't sleep I wish I wasn't like this.
If a firefighters business can go up in smoke, and a plumbers business can go down the drain, can a hooker get layed off?
Bruce Wayne should have funded an after school program for troubled youth, instead of waiting for them to join a gang to deal with them.
sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead
S/O to hes really cool and nice. Cant wait for memorial weekend (; lol
Those who jump to conclusions often land in ignorance
Brian, I miss you. You are very inspirational to me. I bought your book. Much more to talk with you about and catch up...
give Coach Cal the nod and he will build another #1 recruiting class around you.
thought i'd take time to tell you, you're beautiful! and i love you! <3
Trying to decide in what order to bathe, feed and caffeinated is really hard when you're hungry, tired and dirty.
follow me on instagram; ithinkpurplex3 i follow back ;)
Im awaitinh new victims for my Bodybag room 2011=FEAR!!
When you give up on someone, it’s not because you don’t care anymore. It’s because you realize they don’t.
haha I know...its with the puppets
where did you hear it :O
Hope you got home in one piece! What a "RIDE" you've been on! ;) We just spent 2 minutes on-air talking about how cool you r
umm party till we just cant anymore ! #vinny&PaulyDstuff
No you did not give me your number and thought I was going home with you. You are my Ex, not my man.
Sad that Steve Jobs is leaving Apple. Earthquakes, tornadoes....hurricanes....I guess 2012 is closer than we think.
#Galtung's father was arrested by the Nazis and used as a hostage toward English bombs.
jinge bells jingle bells...öhh cant wait for christmas!!
That realness that my music can provide
Black women all over the world buying weave/braid/twist hair are helping to support the Chinese economy
Wow, that first kid is unbelievable!
I know, just thought you ought to know the competition
Got to finish strong.
And email it to ()
Y do I even bother
We still need LIGHTS tickets..
xD Where did this come from, American Dad?
Alright, I haven't been around my computer for the past 7 days...Is there anything new on the internet?
If you talk to a man in a language he understands that goes to his head . (Nelson Mandela} but if you talk to a man in his own language
tired of being used & emotionally abused. my psyche can't handle anymore damage.
You still in the area? I live 15 minutes from KSC and my dad worked there for 30 years. Great tour.
foul wasn't on him... He's only got 4
I think the pressure is getting to Santorum. For him to suggest BHO is a better choice that Romney is completely off-the-chain!
Thanks! I like yours!
Was at Outback Restaurant for lunch with Marilyn Hale and her friend Genieva, Melina Gray (Jessica Vasquez) and me Senaf Dillon-Pickhardt
history shows that as our troops transition, US commitment on civilian partnerships and development have not been as robust. "a big mistake"
Happy new years to all!!!!! Hope its amazing: )
You can tell this Bo Ryan thing isn't very serious. If it was, would've added "-Gate" to the end of it.
Enjoy my hometown. When I go back I stay at The Hudson. Great hotel bar. An episode of Sex&the City was filmed there.
thank you my hero! If you ever need it my cell number 915-867-1069. .
Fail: someone didn't get the now old joke. Posted: "Happy Star Wars Day! May the 5th be with you." That's for Scotch day! :-)
have you turned into a republican?
Company/brand benefit o #SXSW. Experience. Immerse into the product instead of just hearing about it via
home for Mother's Day. Without my mother. Don't know if I can hold off on the Nutella crepes till Monday....
"I've searched all the parks in all the cities and found no statues of committees." ~ Gilbert K. Chesterton
Yes, love the #badcharts link! Geeky Tech Comm humor...
Good luck to all our friends in this year's Rumble! Don't get hurt!!!
just saw Spurs are down 1-0 to Villa tough day for both and Chelsea's loss this week really hurt. Wow that goal locks city.
Greygoose did the trick..now where's the jose cuevo?
Any advice on things to do in Chicago? Headed there Sunday for the summer!
ha ha- you're right!
anything for twitter? haven't heard back from webform
Nothing wrong with that, Tyler can turn it around yet and it could be a hit.
i think that should give his guy fans a shoutout!
We were both at Dollywood yesterday and I didn't see you :/
Another Government website goes WordPress ? Long Live ...
awesome/gross RT Be potent like asparagus. A little goes a long way.
heck yea they r the best the atmosphere is electric
If the sun doesn't come out soon, I am going to lose my mind!
Be back on later going to get some lunch
Just attended SF City College's "Urban Planning & GIS" class as a guest to talk Zonability. Thanks Rick for the invite!
Had a great night! Goodnight. Err, good morning I mean.
If I Die Tomorrow..... I donate my body to science..........fiction
I've seen a few of those in my day. God damn genital elephantitis......
Thank you sir. I guess lol.
Haha. Oops? RT : Not often NWS misses BWI high by 25 degrees, but may happen today. High 49 so far after fcst near 74.”
thanks for the invite! Enjoyed taking my palate on a culinary adventure
I am cute tho'.
Current space-time continuum won't t be affected if you've already transported to a parallel universe with an opulent timeline
with the amount of former Texans we now have, you should just probably becomes Ravens fan 😜
Any day the house cleaner comes, I walk around for 10 minutes saying, "I didn't expect her to clean ________."
Alright now I have to figure out how to use this
Who is your favorite Major League Baseball player right now?
I will have to try that next time
My mom told me who I hang out with defines me as a person.
Here at my cousin us
Today a good tune extravaganza with @
True! On/off-line distinction refers to different contexts. What causes loneliness should be more about social practices.
Tax Day leave you strapped for cash? Head over to Sonic for 1/2 off drinks and slushies all day long!
i don't know about me , but i know about you . Ah ! I love this song. You'r amazing <3 iloveyou . :)
#ImThatPersonWho you can count on
Whose got brunch pics today? Do share!
I like your hair :)
What TEAM is going to take the Two time Champ Shawn Cothran and Friends down this Wednesday at the Green Hills Streak?
Checked in at YVR. Next stop Milwaukee via Chicago.
my Top Ten books of 2011 are the first ten I saw on the bargain table
Depends on dependents/income made RT": I been cutttn grass part time can I get earn credit for dat"
Double Rumors
I kind of want a cream puff... but I really don't want to go to State Fair. What a conundrum!
GlobalCrucible page has surpassed 5k new GlobalCitizens, welcome to the family!
WHAT U DOING FOR YOUR BDAY
because you constantly send spam...
I'm bucked up more for Amare than the Knicks tho..he came to play
I'm trying
Adult Screamin Green Crayola Crayon Costume
thanks Sabrina!
Just finished lovely podcast interview w Clare Richardson, head of Dian Fossey #Gorilla Fund - - 4 new PC series n June.
Damn Blake hurt
You have done well, my internet stalking apprentice!
How much time do you spend at your computer during work? Some people go no problem working for 5 hours straight if not longer. Take breaks!
Getting back into the swing of things !
How fun wish I lived close enough to do that!
is enjoying a MUCH needed rest!
Wow seriously? I would never have put Howie Mandel and Love in the Wild together. Ever. Really?
wow to the fact that you changed your twitter name :(
Happy Old Stuff Day! My co-worker just said "Hoarders rejoice!" -- not what the day is about, but hilarious nonetheless
follow if u want vip to kod follow we got hot party comeing up
couldn't get a room there all booked but we can get a table on stacks 5 or something hopefully
Can we ask you for some support when we come through College Station! We return favors!! :)
I have decided today is laundry day.
Still mourning my dear Petra, but I'm a cat person and miss the companionship. Too soon to hit the pound?
YOU ARE SO LUCKY. lol, our group hasn't chosen topics.
My sis been talking about buying a mother's day card for our mama like it's a life changing decision..
Small Group night. Oh yes!
Word To My Muva !
ets - ian svenonius may 16th at emo's!! the best frontman ever..the band is called "chain and the gang".
checked my calendar and hallelujah! Am free! How early?
I may, though Kickstarter gets more attention.
I can not stand the lack of his eyes..
how sick?
Want Your Name On My Bio ?
Who the hell has time for twitter?
The fallout continues indictment of the founders of three online poker companies as the FullTiltPoker sponsored Onyx Cup has been cancelled
RT Theres too much music W/ more music comes less direction. You have no idea what anyone stands for
Who loves Vincent Castronovo? I know I do! :D
Got my laptop set up to feed my podcast audio to my stereo system! iTunes never sounded better!
Do you have any questions for our panelists? Gina is talking about "Blogging while Brown" DMIS
with talking business! Woo!
Ok will call
TREE INFO-There are many disorders a tree can have. Poor soil and improper maintentance are the most common problems. Technically,...
Niggas b on twitter talking some sad shit...I enjoy my life 2 much 4 all that
d fuk u dint an yah did u tak 2 justin or R U JUSTIN?
Hell, I don't either.
Yay, I'm so excited you're coming to NYC!
According to Bret Bielema the only player cleared to play that will be held out of the Spring Game is Montee Ball
Oh morning opening shift how I've missed you!
YES! We would absolutely love your help :) I'll call you with details next week. Thanks so much!
what projects are you working on? Love your work!
I think the original podcast may have been better and slightly less vulgar. So far you're 2 for 2. Hopefully we can find more
Booking 2012 Balloon Events now!
Do you like challenging conversations? How do you handle those.
I approve of this & will follow : ": Today's goal: give more love than I gave yesterday. That's tomorrow's goal, too."
That is a great commercial w/ you.
Good day to be on the patio - you can use your android tablets and phones with Hummingbird POS.
a Indian accent
yes but i am still in a treansitional period - trying to come up with something cohesive and uniquely it own
Exactly...it is just crazy
another boring day -.-
Lol I have no filter on tha TwitBlock RT lol just as nasty as you wanna be in broad day light
Smokin on that Fire,, Puffin on that Dro ,,Kush gets me Higher and that bezel gets me Blowed"""""""""""
maybe fleas lol from the 🐶
Sisters fighting over the bathroom
Let me DM you what my coworker said...
I know I forgot to do at least something from the load of homework I had...
go to sleep! Or you wont wake up for forever
Uh.....No. RT 10Ks are for baby girls with too much sand in their vagina to run a marathon" - Jason Bateman
Please follow me i follow back :)
Happy Easter from all of us
RT : Just listening to jackson5, wow. Today's boybands sbould just hang it up.
yea she will! Those photos were beautiful. Saw the sneak peek.
Have collected so many concepts that I am excited to choreograph. hm..
Ahh, I have learned new things! What a skate is & that I am not at all sure I want to eat one. xS
Worky day(: like it
This halftime show is weak. Gimme Ted Nugent instead! #justsayin'
when we doing a Red's game? Basically, what is your schedule like this summer?
It just FEELS wrong that there are frat boys selling hot dogs to support the research of breast cancer...but I can't voice precisely why
is home with his wife enjoying a quite night celebrating our 17th anniversary.
I Don't Need To Be Following THIS Many People Tho .
yes good thing baby in diapers means carrying around wipes!
LINGERIE FASHION SHOW, BRAZILIAN SAMBA SHOW, AN AREOLIST SHOW ALL @ SUPPER CLUB TONIGHT OH MY!!!
i swear i love u mor and more eachdayyy
I lived in tampa too... An your point? You know, I'm not lying. They have some dumb fucks down there...
Hey Gys Please Follow Me And Follow my channelof youtube kerberos704
Ha! still uses frames in their CMS?!?
Bout to go Rock that Night Life in San Diego. Club Fannies, St. Patties day!!! The Brohydes all in! We come a long way baby.
heading to Herkimer today for our #NGLC SRI evaluator's site visit.
Bailey it would mean so much if you followed me (': <333333
Sad times at
Orgasm is a complex response involving the whole body.
Thanks for the request to follow at thebookbabe1. I'm now Hope you follow me here.
did you know about the free #black slaves that assisted in the #warof1812? tells their story in her new book!
Also two GNs that have potential are SPECIAL EXITS by Joyce Farmer, & GOOD EGGS by Phoebe Potts
either watching you tweet or watching you catch fire and go of
shit's so god damn confusing anymore
Hiking up stream towards the El Vado dam this morning. The air is crisp the view is incredible!
Tonight!! Club 212 !! Come dance off that holiday chocolate and yummies!! 730-1130 club 212. Text REVIVE to 83361
good luck with that
yes really..n its not sumthing i want to say over twitter
Who's the chick in your avi?
Don't pitch to Yadier here.
Im sure it is, but I can't eat seafood.... :(
Goal against us: Not even close to the ref's fault. Three missed assault and battery charges? All him.
are there any TrueBieberFans out there that would like to get #weloveyoujustinbieber in Trending Topics? help us out and go for it ! :D
Awesome! The link to our Indiegogo #StreetVendor campaign page is there!
Please follow me :)))
I'm ready for the 19th, 25th, and 26th of May!
Great practice round today, can't wait for the event to start tomorrow!
Good Morning, have a blessed and beautiful day.
I hate ads!
you can call me Scarface, snorting mountains of cocaine
that is cool, Bill. She find you or vice versa?
Congratulations on the story sale!
well humpf. that did not happen this morning!
Back at you! Enjoy the day :)
If there are problems loading the file it can put you in a loop that can only be disabled by turning off that feature.
yea... Hows work been going for ya???
Mandel points out role of communications industry creating jobs, expanding growth during recession and into recovery
thanks for the tweet about CC Nicole! Would love to connect sometime and hear your thoughts on what I've built so far :)
Try the new Mushroom and Swiss Toaster Melt?? It's insanely good....
haha right :p
Can someone deliver a Christmas tree to me?
Also, great set tonight. New stuff is good. Please play a proper venue next time you're in town so we can get an encore out of TLRX.
doubt it, and if he does ya ass should probably run in the other direction..
2011 Battle of the Programs Champions!!!
Magic happens every day. Had a bit of it with Sara Isaacson in workshop tonight. Rather cool actually.
grimey gates the set the movement love it or hate it
One of my favorites!
Never Say Never! I love Justin and I hope all Beliebers around the world follow make justin has 10 million beliebers :]
Paul Nauert is all over the place tonight (for both #Rays and #As) and it's only the second inning.
RNG better make it or else...
My desired amount of fog is a couple days a year. BTW, did I tell you I'm moving to the south bay?
Man, r. Kelly pandora is the best to play in the bath tub <3 lol >;]
wussup big V
Happy Birthday to ! Hope you have a magical birthday!
Want to have the freedom to buy raw milk? Call your governor today!!! 608-266-1212
you have a head start! Just got to the hotel. Seems that the Reading Market is the place to be...
hahah no but that would definitely do the trick
All my Fans, Can Play it too! Wow! what a great group of Artists. Paul Borges, in Cleveland Ohio.
Going to #dfm11 in Los Angeles tomorrow.
#replacebandnameswithbacon this romantic bacon. Even though im vegetarian. It was funny.
The future looks brighter then past
I am too. I have to be at work by 10.
man u guys have brought It with All the coverage. A definite Follow for All vikes!
Since WI Gov Scott Walker (R) signed his disastrous budget into law, WI has lost 27,600 jobs.
Dissatisfied with even MSNBC's lobotomized Anchors, MEDIA MATTERS builds its first COMMIE-PINKO ANCHOR ROBOT.
In Virginia visiting the uncle!
Prepping for an interview, but I'd much rather be watching the Avengers. Or playing Jetpack Joyride. Or getting a colonoscopy.
Thanks for sharing a follow, Michelle. Welcome!
4 out 4 of my sisters have D1 college degrees, 3 have MBA's under the age of 26!
Love the timerberwolves basketball floor
bleh last work of mercy
Everyone start helping ! He needs 5k followers so we can watch his Survivor application video!!♡xoxoxo♡
There is nothing simple abt behavior MT Is obesity preventable by affluent societies or is it simply behaviour
“: Respect is earned. Respect is never given. If you want respect, respect those people around you.”
Are you referring to the pen that records lectures?
My mom WOULD hide my McDonalds gift card that was sent out😡 I've been waiting for a fucking week for that shit !!!
I'm so young you can still see the afterbirth on my face.
KNOW YOUR WORTH...IF A FRIEND IS ONLY FRIEND MATERIAL...KEEP IT DAT WAY...NVR MIX BOY WITH FRIEND IF HE'S N READY T BE YA BOYRIEND..JS
PLeaze Porfavor! Checkout my and my bros music vid on youtube!!supra-My Dreams are our dreams.We're twin rappers. .take a look..thanx guys!
CINDY. what was the math homework ? XP
lol no! At that fucker that's hating!
Back home safe and sound. See you all soon.
*having (not keeping) - can you tell I'm ready to go home?
Big Star
Dasher, Dancer, Prancer, Vixen, Comet, Cupid, Donner and Blitzen
Blasting Michael Jackson all day makes work a little less shitty
“: We live in a world where it's legal to get an abortion but illegal to throw flour at Kim Kardashian.”
great idea! I would love to have kids write and perform these poems with the photos. Maybe with drive...
Alas, no. I used Photoshop. If I didn't…let's see, what would I have used? Thinking…
I get why your mad. but if your judging me for what I do, make sure you look at what youve done too.
CONGRATULATIONS!! We hope you enjoy Commencement!!
I know it's on yo brain, you prolly hope it never would end!
why are you jealous of a duck? Hell Marty Mcfly almost got to second base with his mom.
my boyfriend is a dweeb
I'm following you.
na :/ I don't has one but the vinyls I have are warped :/
Open mics are like a voluntary Sisyphean nightmare. At least Hell doesn't make you pay for your torture.
welcome! is the red carpet premier in maryland with the boyz like right b4 the meet and greet?
•International Expo and Conference on Analytrix & HPLC - Conference in Chicago, USA 22-24 October2012, being organized by OMICS Group.
How was everyone's weekend? That update we promised you is coming this week! Stay tuned!
Just passed the promo van.... Oh memories!
I would like to nominate my friend for a Rose Bowl Parade floragraph. Who sponsors NC organ donors?
My dad just said that if marijuana was legal he would be stoned all the time...
I have. It's not exactly the same. If you end up showing me around, I'll tell you more about it.
Watching My Super Sweet 16.. Had G Unit perform and got a 2011 Mercedes... Parents dropped $279,000 on her...
Very welcome!
Grrrr my mother is getting on my last nerve!
In band class it's so boring! good thing I forgot my trumpet at hom
is great. If you need anything ask. I've been a few times recently
aw<33333333333 its so cute
thank you love! Spirituality is also my
i miss those old days
Touchdown Houston
Probably a duplicate by now lol... Ok imma eat
So far in 2011, FDA has approved more than 150 new brand name and generic drug products.
Meek how's it going Bro
Hiya :) If you have a second would you take a look at #1DtoOmaha we love you guys and were trying very hard to get noticed
"Ump. We're just going to send Bay to bat now. Hey, if he gets beaned, he just stays on the D.L."
sign up at www.TheSlidersMusic.com to get our single, "City By The Sound," for free!!
ugh i really should do the spanish lab!!
Today's work day includes a trip to the zoo. Does my job rock or what?
I don't know how they can stomach it, but some people freeze dairy...including milk.
#TheAvengers was so awesome. Maybe even the best superhero movie I've seen... No it is the best!!!
Well, I am glad it isn't another planned "reform" to welfare because I don't think it could be cut much further.
Happy Pub day that I hope was filled with cupcakes. Plan to read The Book of Blood & Shadow soon End of school crunch :(
Following Stephanie and Flem on twitter helps, but yeah love that show.
and Krams touch down in Thailand tomorrow am.Bout to be some stories & pics from that trip. Hope they link up with
What a Girl Wants (:
I guess that I am afraid to lose what I know about me and you
Come hell or high water I WILL see Titanic this weekend!
MALA MAÑA + NOSOTROS + BARACUTANGA Tonight at SANTA FE SOL (formerly sf brewing co.) 7:30pm YOU CAN'T MISS THIS SHOW!
Email me with details on what it is and why you should bust the limit.
I pray that all the Mother's will have a wonderful Mother's Day. I pray that children will honor those who sacrifice for & love them! Ms D
Black, Pearl Jam.
guess what guess what my birthdayy is 4 days before your!!!<3 !!!!
75% of today's to-do list is getting pushed to tomorrow's. Yeah, it was one of those days. Frak.
If that's the case then AP and NFL's accounts are wrong! Haha We'll need to go to the tape.
Hey Library Twitterverse: looking for examples of subject librarians who have twitter accts for their subjects (not general or library)
Forecast for This Afternoon: Occasional showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms. Highs around 70. Southeast...
Why are the little styrofoam pieces called peanuts?
Dog just picked a huge spider off a wall and ate it. I'm very very very very disgusted and grateful
Glad to see now provides iPad access w/ print subscription
Yes, all 3 of ours did. A good way to get them to breathe when crying hard is to blow in their face--odd but it works.
Good morning Toni! Thx4 the RT about motivation! Have you also read 's book #Drive? Great book!
Oh yes! Another Foursquare check in at a different SJCPLS library!
Ass like Nicki but she yellow like Madonna
Call (480) 269-4423 & you can give Mr. 420 a shoutout. It's for the Canabis Club Collection mixtape intro. Let your voice be heard.
Damn time change.
Follow back me! is a Sexy account related to Sex Dating!:*
Empty Bottle in one week! 12/28, 8pm, 3 songs to honor Alex Chilton. Come on out!
Why is it impossible to get a good bang cut in this town? They are so blunt and ugly.
Don't forget to visit us tomorrow at the Farmers Market on Bayard and Garnet, from 1:30-6:30pm!!
sry Kip didn't see this until now. No it works bro. Today alot of people rode the WhiteSox. if u do it use Vegas O/U lines
I WANT THIS TO HAPPEN!
Newt Gingrich is pro-choice. Oh, wait, he's talking about choice of schools.
we start kneeling in silent prayer. FWIW.
what's a cange tit?
and how does it do that??? Lmao
For someone who is still learning to use a mouse, they can be near impossible.
Destined for greatness
the google logo today is too damn cute!!!!
such a truism. such a truism because they have been nothing but disrespectful toward him.
Already one year has been after grand opening..
So Heat win huh, who you got winning the series? Bulls or or Heat?
I'm not ashamed of what I've had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer
I'm a loser now I used a spoon... Blahh :) Lmfao:)
so what are you both dressing up as.
I want one (or two, or three, or...)
Just watched a Middleton HS student release a 14 in. snapping turtle from a trap. Story and pic to come.
you loved Transamerica I say we watch Were the World Mine next
so cute~!
Good to see your finally here! Your stalkers are gonna jump on the innerwebs instead of using the Pony Express! :-P
U must love wrestling haha.
We sure do love us some Kris Bell the show was a Home Run!
Heineman gives lukewarm response to foster care recommendations - KVNO News
I think technology has had similar implications on learning as well...
prolly will be there ya
Query letters can be an art. I made a mess of a TV series query letter once, thankfully no one bothered to open envelopes.
Hmj super bored
Look out, world. is extremely caffeinated AND armed with cupcakes. Approach with caution.
Everyone is saying how good church was but no one is telling me what the message is about...help a sista out!!
Gino says he's going to hook me up. I hope he pulls through 👍😉
You might feel the opposite, but God told me you was beyond special and I believe Him, so I believe in YOU! Show me your greatness!
#IAlwaysWonderIf it ever going to end
I love lights
What is the next holiday you are looking forward to?
Agreed. It's written nowhere. And it's not like they're never playing ever again.
Working two kitchen jobs and calling into the daytime job, but showing up to the night time job
Screw U McNulty RT McNulty "We don't need to be here today." Says #civilunions=gay marriage & hickforco is working w Obama
me too, it's just crazy to me that people can live like that!!
I knw i aint get one neather...... N i do got a play lil sis n tko name brit brat on facebook.!! N twitter watch mi twittes
“Tis in ourselves that we are thus or thus. Our bodies are our gardens to the which our wills are gardeners.” ~William Shakespeare
Thank you so much! I am truly honored. Really hoping to meet you at the Lori Foster Event.
I second this! : Come to Century City! Avenue of the Stars/Santa Monica Blvd pls. We want #OMGFreeBenJerrys!
#WhyDoIAlways let you walk over me?
“: Hey Monica & Yes! invited me :) I see you being Great!” Thank U, you are always fab!
Just saw a girl wearing #Caps pajamas. That is team spirit!
The Rangers don't even remember what it's like to score a goal
Is it too high school-ish to require that students memorize a section of poetry for my intro-level courses? Do others out there do this?
MUST♥Follow and thank you to my friend
"The better person you become, the better person you'll attract." -W.S.
The flood waters have reached biblical proportions.
I wanna go to the sun rooftop pool party. I heard there's sharks in the water
i just did, it hurt, i can barely move it, i have to wait for the blood to circulate..
you're only 15? shit. You're ripped for 15. like, yoked G
Good morning my Tweet peeps and Fb folks!! Remember, you look so much better when you smile.....
i guess i'm just not the last thing you think of at night, that last thought that finally allows you to sleep with a smile on your face.
You are pervish ho! You are the one who brought up the word AND definition of chode (🍆) #ILoveYou😘
Have a teen who's obsessed w/ fashion? Give em the ultimate experiece w/ #FashionistaPrep! Enroll for summer sessions today!
Interested in law school? Meet UM Carey Law's Direc. of Student Recruiting today from noon-4pm at Virginia Tech in Commonwealth
Check out Sheltered By Skies on Facebook! =D like us and spread the word =D!!!!
I can only wonder...and be sad...
Going to see 21 Jump Street.
The very most, I was just like you sly dog! ✋😒
this is the reason why Im freakin going to move so fuckin far none of there cheap ass can call or visit
LOL! You know, you can disable the function that displays when you are "favorited." What can I say, you have a way with words.
Do you have photos of the children's area in the new Warrensville Branch? I heard it was amazing & I'm trying to get some ideas
I have opinions! Have you heard the new St. Vincent album?
I have never hears of adding chocolate! Neat!
The mall is like cable...hundreds of options and nothing I like.
The coffee shop is the new office. I am disinterested in having another office.
Can't quit with the Radiohead. Getting bored with myself.
I already know what it is
did I ever mention why I was excited?
yeaahh , we used to go to school together . but , now she's somewhere else & yeah !
Acme Hotdogs has yummy Honey Raisin Walnut and Savory Snack Mix from Appalachian Granny! Pick some up today! Cleveland Av., south of 161
Sunday funday with my best friends! 😍
:(( Anywho, what you been up to?
Sunday morning Seattle buses,
I have 8 minutes to get my sarcasm out, and I'm taking full advantage..
There is no such thing as a bibliographic emergency ...
cep for with me, you always have given me solid advice
It's Monday! Excited about getting the week started.
Where'd you get the info on how many tix sold? That's awesome!
I am just really not feelin this shit today.....
HUGE day today... it feels like we're everywhere at once... but then again... there are 3 of us ;) you da man! Can't wait to see u
Thanks for the follow!
Pot roast for dinner, can't wait to share it with family; , hurry up! It smells great in here!
Brandon from d-e-e-p.
Waking up not hung-over on Sunday morning feels wrong!
so, this sunday, MAM #milwaukee #20demayoconamlo at 12. if you want to join us :)
Enjoyed your windows displays on the site. Very cool & creative!
I don't think is in the set of faculty KIPP can freely lob "shoddy research" bombs at.
and i live like 45 minutes away but stupid school and exam s :(
morning Joff, had a question for you - what's the preferred way to connect?
It's funny how I think back on the guys I used to fantasize about when I was in high school & college & now think "today's" guys are hotter
Morning (screaming voice) Whether you believe it or not, none of us can achieve anything alone! Make sure your entire family is strong!
Cami! My bad...How's Friday? Looking forward!
What's this about live brain surgery on twitter from Houston this morning?
Merry Christmas to everyone ! I am so blessed to have a support system of friens and family. thank you
NFL plays posted from 196 Cappers and we have 10 c0nsensus from these picks all viewed free with their records with GB -2 Td's @ 18-7
um yes please! (:
I'm black and have found generations of my ppl in the u.s. and canada on Ancestry. You aren't using it properly, I'm afraid.
are you on y100 yet.
as pop music's
#NSN3DSATURDAY I cried when ur papa started to cry, when he had to let u and mom go
Love that my top 4 fave bands EVER(Nirvana, Foos, QOTSA & Tool) all recorded at Sound City Studios. Can't wait to see !
and I are getting married. <3 =)
Headed to the Opry
#3WordsForYou Read ya Bible
What's the core of a museum, objects or people? Objects are made by & embody people, so I say people.
you mean IS disco lemonade? I could see that. Tart and refreshing yet undeniably funky
Um... thunder. Or a very large truck backfiring in the parking lot around the corner!
At my first panel of the day-- How Not to Die: Using Tech in a Dictatorship
Heard this yet?, ABC has giving Casey Anthony another $200,000 Child Murderer is on easy street, We going to stand for that?
That shit right there. I'm not small so I kinda feel bad for laughing so hard but that was to funny
This is gona suck so much
#OraclePrincess #dreamwhisperer - I'm always the one with no nickname!
Participating in #LPC Council of President's call this evening. is currently doing a Q&A.
Can't wait to see win that Shorty Award! I know he will win it. I just know he will!
#mlanet12 They are up on the online planner under Sessions - Posters. Individual posters don't show in Daily Program
Heading to Santa Monica stairs. See you there.;)
you know it!
...And so to bed, jet-lag style.
Went to DM you but you aren't following me! WAHH.
he did turn Rich Gannon from shit to star.
The absolute worst. RT : At 4th street.... Fuck me.
And I wore my good shoes in this bullshit weather...dammit
He's all black, so it's definitely hard. lol
I know you're scared its wrong, like you might make a mistake.
shout out to !
I just crushed that finance final.
The whole city
Great night on the patio in Lyford!
Okay. :P
I missed the booty one. However, you're one hell of a #Steiner and should top both lists.
"ay look at your face que nasty"
she shoots
Need some new INK in my life.....
Where are all my fellow New York Giant fans. Lets go
naw, leaving from DCA on Delta
Ms. Starr: Kethia, In One Word, What Do You Think Your Purpose Is In This World? Me: To Inspire <3
Yes!!!! Thanks!! RT There is a cupcake on your desk
Gearing up for #LT12UK, cannot wait to get there London!!!
Cant believe beat me up!!
Beautiful women on this BX 5 train. All shapes, sizes and colors.
the next few weeks shall be interesting.
Welcome new FUEL members from Johnson Controls ! Good to have you on board!
What's up challs? her. In the next few weeks we'll be finalizing somethings to hopefully get this show on the road. Stay tuned!
Contemplating Bobby Newport.
You're welcome!
Check out Brian Kortovich, he was with at Knicks workouts the past two years. I think he deserves a shot!!!
Hello to all of you tweeters all over Earth? How are you all doing at this time? Today, I posted a new pendulum paper in my Yahoo group.
thanks girl<3 i might sit with you guys tomorrow :)
The new Display network tab tries to simplify things but really makes optimization much more complicated.
welcome I no I haven't been there for u I no u hate me for it but I am truly proud of u
We makin music, foo! :-D
8 Ks in a row for Harang! Wow Turning out to be an interesting start to the season for the
#github makes sharing code much easier. If you're not using it, check it out.
Finley however could be A. Rodgers #1 target...Packers offense is just oozing with #FantasyFootball studs
at the skating rink with caity!
You Can't Love Someone You Don't Understand.....
MikeyWild Dubplates and Shoutouts available at anytime! Blessings to all!
oh yeah
Nice to meet you! Interesting posts!!
I need a massage
they followed me allthe way home
for some reason, just saw yr tweet about reviewing highway robbery! yes, would love to.
I want the diamond turfs
imagine the # if DC could work together.“: The unemployment rate has fallen to 8.6%(from 9%) 120,000 new #jobs were added in Nov.”
South St. Paul has 24 tournament wins, is making its eighth title game appearance and has four state championships in its history.
I'm a GD Stallion, I should be owned by a Middle Eastern Sheik
Nice! That's very cool of you. I'll bet that he loves it!
Pinky rings are cool
Hey Seniors! Impress your parents & make your dining reservations for graduation weekend! So many great options at !
Have you heard about "Great Libraries of the World" - the new tv series for PBS? It will be previewed at #ALA11 - facebook.com/glow.tv
I'm trying to think in terms of specific sub-package roles. Barron fills a big one. Gillberry's is another. Who else?
Weather is not helping.....so sleepy!
Cooking with the in laws! :)
Spring cleaning! 
The sun is out, the beer is cold and the patio is hopping. Get on down to the Cow and see some old hot faces! Giddy Up!
Lycopene in tomatoes is a highly effective antioxidant, benefits include lower heart disease. Eat your tomatoes today at Smashing Tomato!
I want to play this name game
Who was the first girl you ever kissed? Mine was Tammy D. Her parents were out and we were watching porn.
My Jordan's Are Cleaning Than Your Pussy
K cool.
My new puppy, captain sailor(:
Thank you for the fries... YES!
I had no doubt.
MAHOMIES im lookign for a co-owner tweet me if you want to be one :)
Thanks to you!
can you guys send me a newletter of what is going on in sports
Met the most stylish Texan last night
I am not your shoulder to cry on.
Top of the day Fam
because she retarted!
Yo Mary Kate and Ashley was not the only twins on Full house. Whatever happen too the twin boys Nikki and Alex.
On my way to KTown to visit my Quinn family, spend some QT w/ miss Evie Anne and FINALLY meet the boys!
"Detroit, I'll let you go, since I know you probably have to go make a payment on your clothes."
hey player....what it be like???
.: You're welcome. We look forward to potentially seeing you !
21 show, Dark Horse Bar and Grill, Oshkosh Wisconsin FREE entry!!!!!!!!!! We're playing with 3tc again, 5man, and then some.. Show...
Any #bootstrap genuius know how to reduce the space between columns? or doesn't seem to work.
OMG. Diplo ft. 50Tyson would be the rawest collabo ever. "I'm the best man... I did it!" -50 Tyson
“: Mindset for today: Don't ask 'who is going to let me?' Instead ask 'who is going to stop me?' Powerful distinction.”
Aye only tha strong survive.. and if I have to take out any competition, by damn I will.
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success. - Henry Ward Beecher
You're welcome! “: Thanks for inspiring talk! Your advice will follow me in my pursuit of a career in brand mgmt :)”
Cool weather all week, break out the scarfs!
Social is about defining your culture and living up to it
NB: this anniversary was yesterday (April 22) ;)
Finally, sunny day here in sf...loving it. How are things in atx, ?
May 21, 9am - 2pm is 's 20th Annual Job & Resource Fair at the Prime Osborn Convention Center
or they just bit Rdio. puff piece.
SHHHH. They are fixing that!
It's funny to watch how everything in business is political - its all about "who ya know"... And it's amplified now w/ soc media
Looking forward to the weekend!
When the #workingclass is under attack, what do we do? STAND UP FIGHT BACK! 720-440-CSOL call to report corporate greed!
yes! im finally home and now I can relax during break.
it's true
u mean perfect weather to cuddle
Tonight! We welcome Boulder Beer Co.! Join us with a glass of the one-off, accidental double black IPA, Bad Moon Risin'. NOT TO BE MISSED!
Good luck!
it's one thing with it being people dressing in nothing being attention whores and people being drunk. Drunk is good :)
- Take a cue from the cover babe - put on the headphones & turn it up. :)
Indonesia hopes, you will be a concert in Indonesia again.
Thanks for the follow. Great TL. You just don't see Karl Popper quoted enough!
I #justread TO SAY NOTHING OF THE DOG by Connie Willis: Wonderful! Now to prepare for discussion with book group in 3 days.
I would advise the Cubs to pitch around Carlos Lee RT : Any predictions for the Cubs/White Sox series this weekend? ~
This #FollowFriday I am following friends of followers who #DoGood :) Keep it up!
Up early tomorrow? Tune in to (comcast ch 3), 6-8am, for our #FoodCartFriday segment: we'll have on our morning show!
Thank you! [:
Where'd you go?!
RT Lil Boosie fans let the rain wash their car
and u will make sense some day
Ah, another VIDA newsletter in its draft stages... I just typed the phrase "our collective panties"
Our local 'gourmet hot dog place' has a wasabi ketchup, which is great (basically, cocktail sauce) and a curry ketchup, which is divine
I gotta find some body I aint gotta compete for.......
thanks for the follow Annie
Power went out at work!!! I've been waiting for this day.
Monday's over 👍👍
I need more than this shitty first aid kit to do the job.
Candle lovers check this out! Wickless, Flameless, Smokeless Candles!
Actually it will happen 12 hours later. You won't have to wait 1000 years.
Glad you approve......
the way they were playing, they would need both of them
One good thing to come out of the Penn State scandal is AWARENESS with our vision to end the epidemic of...
I have a hole in my pants.
I can't get enough of this!
Your piece has been on my mind all weekend. A great way 2 jumpstart a convo between scholars and pubs on what "value add" means
black all the way baby!
Marveling at Dharma Mittra. At age 70 he moves like a cat with a strong, supple body.
I will be in Orlando on September 23rd & 24th for presidency 5 pitching my $0.00 cost to taxpayers job plan. Come see me so i can share
Getting my schedule for school tomorrow!!! So excited (:
we love Lake
America what does it mean to you? We know what it means to the US secret service...
Iron-fisted leadership produces rebellion! Servant leadership produces loyalty.
thanks si :) can't wait to see you and Khloe!
Release of exploit code puts Oracle Database users at risk of attack - Ars Technica
lmao ur dumb..idk if Justin bieber is going..
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. ~Robert Louis Stevenson
oh eye got to! Gotta turn my face into a more world wide global figure than eye am now for bodytogs
hahahah it's alright:] 😊
i cant fucking believe Harry got an Audi R8, marry me and let me drive your car >:o ( its my dream car btw)
gettin gigs then was hard as hell. Galaxy, Boogies On The Landing, Club Babaloo in Belleville, The Sheldon, just a few venues...
DOWNLOAD Repair Manual Fix Your Problems Now Service Manual - part waverunner
not much haha!!! Hope your Monday is going well! :)
I'll tweet again as soon as possible. ♥ Love you guys!
That's it... I'm doin' it. "Member of The Fingerbang Tabernacle" Does that sound right?
um little? hoe old are you?
Slapping on some bike peds and fighting in an oil spill... Who am I???
IIRC Howard Zinn said they went beyond that - even so far as digging up & eating the corpses when the winter got real bad.
I am now a different person... don't eat the same, exercise, still drink plenty water, and God is first and I listen! Continued next tweet
Not to single one major out... but no! RT : ha ha. you don't want an anthro major operating on you?
Enjoying another night in.. Will I be doing homework?! Probably not. At least I got my errands done
strawberries with nutella :)
how is twitter treating u?
thank you!
": #TwoThingsThatDontMix ..a sexy face with a disgusting personality.."
It's a D&D setting - like Eberron, but different. I don't know it very well. Dragonlance - also a D&D setting.
Hey I'll be at Mac later tonight... You gonna be around?
I liked it :) ..an no boy scouts honor :)
DON'T FORGET NEXT THUR! YOUR COMING WITH TO EMBER, ANAHEIM! lol I KNOW I JUST MADE YOUR PLANS LOL
Done. Thank you! Looking forward to calling you tomorrow.
“You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.” Marcus Aurelius
Bryce Harper is a stud
Come on skinny love! Last night in Princeton... It was a great run. But onward and upward. We'll be in touch.
Desperately seeking scholarly articles about OccupyWallSt as an anti-globalization movement and its features as a movement
What's a roleplay account
Tonight gonna be long.... :/ work
Wow! Thanks for letting me know. :) Fabulous tumblr!
Hope all our friends at PPAI Vegas are having a great time! Stop by booth #6125 and say hi to Mike, Shari, Frank, Barry, Rob & Mick!
All packed up had a ball being back home in Mississippi headed back to Atlanta early in the morning.
#GhettoCrayolaColors #Magenta just sound like a bad hood bitch lol
That was close. I almost gave a shit.
It took Lily long enough to have the damn baby, I guess it's fitting that she's been in labor for 2 weeks now.
He said it! "I never killed anybody, I never raped anybody, I never committed no crimes that weren't honorable." - Tupac Shakur
No they didn't just play ratchet video on 106 and park lol smh
Agent's seat? Has Boras ever sat there? That would make two dogs that have been in that chair.
I pretty much counted Denver out of this game, so did LA. Might have been a mistake.
They are now doing a kick line to a techno remix of My Little Pony on the gigantic speakers. This might be a subtle form of revenge.
Why on earth would you wanna do something like that?
thanks for the follow
Rain rain go away!!
nice little surprise for ya waiting in the office (cc )
#3wordsforyou hobos hobos hobos
#Cavs beat the #Heat - #leBron who????
Huge Congrats! Looking forward to visiting soon.
Perhaps you need an official tester?
I feel like every other tweet is about game of thrones. Should I watch?
Hate that the gym closes at 5 on Saturday. That does not promote fitness.
same thing with #Cubs and
thanks for joining our #AIDSWalk12 team! Excited to support this Sunday
Know anyone in New York City who wants to choreograph for DWNYC Season Two?? Auditions are march 25th! Email
I was the kid next door's imaginary friend. Emo Phillips
I'm never gonna shut you out.
i keep getting off my twitter game
It was stop ID 4641.
Class break over. Buying snacks when it's over.
Words flying everywhere.
I chuckled - so wth about the watermarks again?
I can't get my twitter picture to change..
got a serious papercut from pocket guide.. it's a sign! I must attend this year.. but what should I see?
Just started watching BBW and I am in love with She is sickning.
* That TRUE Moment when U obtain Power & U R enjoying it* ... ( a Lil time Passes) Now U R presented with .. Ok --> Who Lives & Who Dies!!!
Starbucks is open normal hours on Easter.
SO much fun! I need to get there for more games!
have fun
what's #NF back
anyone a bruno mars fan? Retweet this :P
Haha! That would have to be declared a holiday!!
that's awesome!! :) an yes my whole album is available on iTunes :)
"Just pick up a fucking book"
#WhenAustin was so excited to get Booster Juice in Canada and he tweeted a picture of the grass stuff they put in his smoothie. :)
it ended up in a random folder, we apologize for that!
hay Autumn! omg yess. that would be awesomee.
It's Friday!
an inviting bowl of plump & juicy sweet berries with a splash of shiraz
Resting Rodgers, not sure how I feel about this...
I want people to to say that the bride looked stunning in mossy satin, yellow reflective tape, and timberland boots.
God damn, what you on? Private Plane. Fuck you on?
I love getting 3 new music books in the mail... Laura is going to be so happy with me when I get back! Time to learn
I love when you text me first, cause then I know you're thinking about me.
My 7 year old insisted it is already #2012 b/c winter is the 1st season & any new calander year should coincide with that
You know me so well! RT just sent you something you're going to like ... (hint it involves...#Yankees...& )
yeah. I'm surprised she not dead already,
I Think I Wanna Go C Her!!
A MAN HAS NO FEELINGS ONLY ONE HE FEELS THE PAIN
I looked him up on google. Seems he has gotten into the arcade game business and has been torturing people in that business lol
Cleaned Up My Room.!
Hi ! I look forward to meeting you next week at #TIIP4P!
I love annoying you, Mrs Christina Schmidt.
more than you want to know.
so we're trying to come up with songs to cover...any ideas???? -Patience
It'll get better
Hubby and I get a date night tonight! So looking forward to it.
Dont wake me. I plan on sleeping.
cake city!!
I'm serious.
Ugh just take some innitiative already!
Flyaway to Orion Music Festival! next chance to qualify at 2:25 and again at 5:20
Adverbial Phrases
Careful with those "Titanic" related online searches, kids. The malicious results keep coming!
thanks for the show out!
Finally my boots came in the night..With seperate travel soft pouches? Now i can commute on #Marta in the rain as giddy as a little frog
Vendors restrict borrowing period on #ebooks - ex: 3, 7 or 28 days. Not long enough for
Me and Lola at the gym sweating!!
RT : #ThatAwkMoment when youre trying to tell story but youre laughing so hard you cant, when you finally finish nobody laughs
nice! Now you need a road trip to Ohio to try them out ;)
That's true. I suppose a lot of those transfers will be done after the tourney/
PR in the track mile!
"Information not shared, never informs"
Had lunch and a wild and fun tour with bring on the "new" Lake Geneva. I highly recommend both.
It seriously feels so late...it's only 9:15
i just want to be happy thats all nothing more then that
If I Dated it would be a dream come TRUE<3 I would be there for him anytime(: he is my true love(:
Walden brewery at the heart of a revolution - Saffron Walden Reporter
driving to Cleveland to babysit:-)
Let's go Lakers!
3 hrs 30 min left on this overnight shift!
Um, let us think about it for a bit... hells yes! What time are you guys going?
that's a great question!! I'll bring it up.
I found em - you lose em?? Women's perscription sunglasses - Sunday's Breath of Hope Walk. Message me if they're yours.
my reaction is "stop using Flash to produce these features since I can't view them on my iPad."
let's create better #middleschoolmemories, teach kids to give and expect respect for each other and their dates.
Another Bead Fest over. It is the highlight of my year! Make your plans now for joining us in 2012! The new venue in Oaks, PA was great!
When will She get the point ...
You look so unhappy. Butts are funny. They're a cornerstone of your work.
Think im gonna make a call to my nigga kevin loll
Hi, I am interested in contributing on a regular basis. for details.
Chasing Kings will be on KXLU 88.9 today! Tune in to hear them live!!!
I will pray for ur husbands saftey
trivia contest; pictionary w/ sketch; treasure hunt using reviews & maps; charity picnic + grcy bg giveaway for ItGetsBetter.org
RT : We're the proud recipient of the Governor's Points of Light award for corporate volunteer programs, thx 2 our employees!
Happy Birthday to former Wisconsin Governor Tony Earl. Born today in 1936 in Lansing, Michigan. He served as governor from 1983 to 1987.
this headache needs to go fuck itself.
RT if you hate being on the phone with someone that can't hold a conversation.
I Fear Nobody But GOD ALMIGHTY.!
Some people are old at 18 & Some are young at 90.....Time is a concept that humans created.
My #fridayreads The Christmas Village by Great story for the holiday season!
will get rich in south beach...
call me woman
hungry , *gets up and walks to the kitchen*
its cool so far
Tonight with anthony adams at 3 brothers pizza murfreesboro
I have about 957271618 things to do, but all I want is to eat a veggie dog, drink a beer and watch a movie.
hi is this you?
Me and my friend are going for a FULL shopping day there when it opens and buying like 40 of everything xD <3
Can't Wait To Be Famous >>>> Just Hope The People I Love Will Still Be Here To Witness It
lol I think it might have to do with the whole golf course story..haha
People come into your life for a reason, a season, or a lifetime.
“Hello. My name is Jonathan Franzen. I’d like to order 50 pizzas. It’s for a prank." ZING.
Not bad going to bed at 11pm and all ready to give a lecture tomorrow about my work and #DomesticDisobedience at 10am at
Yes, getting past "right" is a big hurdle.
HEY auntie Lisa!!! RT my auntie asked about yall
gonna grab some quik eats with my lil family and then go help with the youth rez baseball team :)
