Thank god theres a fresh and easy close by!
I remember that time you dropped off ice! What fun!
So this year and next year Im going to do x factor, American idol, and maybe the voice :)
u gotta problem wit my piercings homie?
Is in search of tim horton pumpkin donuts
I know right! Hello! How is ur summer going?:)
We should live every day like it's #EarthDay. Here's to the gorgeous planet we are lucky to enjoy and should treat with the utmost respect.
Search for digital curriculum that is IA standards based
Contemplating lunch.
TIL I can't watch an episode of Malcom in the Middle without immediately launching into a Breaking Bad marathon.
Ever think about being the next Anderson Cooper?
i fucking missed it...
Nearly finished with Le Carre's Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy
This crowd is bored or uninterested or hungover. I see someone filing her nails, a guy who keeps falling asleep and 18 open courtside seats.
so how do u feel about going back to school?
Can you blow my whistle baby ;)
I’ve always believed that you can think positive just as well as you can think negative. - Sugar Ray Robinson
great pick. Needed the help to stop the run.
Sipping on a Lemon Ice Tea
Guess what tomorrow is!
Some people can be really annoying. #pleasestoptalking 😁
Never seen a pitcher pinch hit. Giants, baby.
thanks boo! Lean from the best!
Just found out I can go to because of #memorial day #FTW!!!!!!!!!
Nope, even better. I tweeted it!
u can go Chicago Bulls/Bears/Ohio State apparel, fresh pair of kicks(sperrys or something), sunglasses, workout shoes...eh?
Man oddii was fired up damn took a lot of guts I think I see those getting watery then they went back goodjob
that may be bc of the long-standing 90s rivalry from Reggie Miller vs Ewing/Starks era (maybe?).
Just landed in Chicago - I am not even wearing my jersey and I can feel the tension in the air
Goiin to bed with him on the brain #likealways :)
RT It's official! Happy Birthday /via
In140 characters i cannot express what i feel for but if could describe him in 3 words i'll say: talented, handsome, kind <3 <3
hey Britt
. and have become helmeted co-pilots in the delightful #bdconf odyssey streaking through my feed.
Going to get some Ice Cream.!
lol wait why?
I haven't quite looked at my schedule either. Sunday is the HLS/Library Boing Boing meet up!
Haha Brent and cam noticed me and cause we put her YOLO MATATA shirt up :)
Anti-bullying play is hosting a FUNdraiser at Cheesie's Pub & Grub Sunday, May 6 from 12-6pm. Grilled cheese and $4 drinks!
Congrats and the rest of the griz family
Wouldn't mind having a waffle #BELGIUM style!!
Job hazard: hearing newborns coo. Need to have myself one of those.
we r having a blast
When females tweet, it usually very entertaining.
aw , how sweet :')I miss you guys too! I'll be there Monday , hopefully ;-)
a bold man always makes a
7th period is always so much fun! *in my country accent* lmao.
MVP = Smallest solution that delivers customer value.
I couldve got my liscense but i missed one question! FUCKIN CHILDISH!!!!!
I kinda feel bad for the evil queen... I can kinda see how she hates Snow White...
So much for the quicky snowstorm. Time to move on to itemizing my deductions for my accountant Loophole Harry.
it's not disagree with me, and in this instance there are African Americans who are offended - so THAT'S WHY
We shouldn't avoid mistakes, what we should avoid is the same freakin mistakes over and over again.
Don't know what I did to deserve you
Useful or not doesn't matter. It still exists for real material reasons.
You > everyone
Filming today in the office. Wednesday December 7th is the opening for the new office-there will be a party and we'll be giving away stuff
Hello Twitter! Big things happening at Carmona Pictures in 2011. Stay tuned...
omg foreal yes yes yes meet u there maybe
RT : So glad you made it--we'll see you soon! RT : Finally in Columbus ! Thanks and everyone at
Do a story on your funding, your support, and what happened.
Happy Sunday all ^_^
Revolution Web Design – Aventura FL’s Leader In SEO And Social Media. 866-203-2002
To ? Or not to ? This is the question!
Yea u don't wana make ya man mad.. Lol smh
Serena Williams Wins WTA Charleston; Davis Cup Results "I definitely want to continue this," Williams said of her fine play, but saying s
Not liking the newest version of #Twitter on my ph,4th version in 4 months,slow loading n strange...
Good team win. Rip city. Go Blazers. Matthews, Chris Johnson and B Roy came up big.
Hope you are having a great weekend. Holla back.
Good. RT : ACLU opposes teacher/adult student anti-dating bill, #AB1861, as constitutional violation for those 18+ yrs old.
I hope you have a great day.. with love your biggest fan :)
#x24 Mexico. Hot wash starting w Mike Fernandez leading-Google+ w NORTHCOM & GlobalBordersCollege & Mex City-how 2 improve disaster response
Yay! :D Thank you <3333 I miss you
Nothing lost Virus makes programs seem deleted but just hidden Restore got back to a kind of Safe Mode but not a fix
I just got an audition for the role of "Chocolate Fairy" in a new project... Do I smell another Hot Chocolate Fantasy moment?
dane cook
If it wasn't for , I would never get a #FF, ever
And I'm drinking top shelf
Thank you!
Need someone who knows what a relationship really is . Not this little kid stuff .
Dandelions fly through blue air...
SIck, as usual. I don't think I've lived one day without feeling like death for at least a good 30 minutes.
let's go camping
Strappy wedges: They're big in DC
Read any good books?
Closed on my condo yesterday.
With all the time I spend staring at a computer screen, it is completely unfair that I still have perfect vision. I WANT SOME CUTE FRAMES!
Loves #google doodle for today showing its stance against
RT : #SNY is now the official TV home of the #UConn women’s basketball team! A minimum of 17 live games will be televised
I'm fighting the urge to pun before 9:30am. Crab/ shell puns
Sunlight from the window is making it hard for me to read the computer today.
Four hours of sleep. Time to write some docs, write some tests, and make some magic.
Everyone fucking calm your tits.
Time for Raw
A little bit jealous that & get to see Vanilla Ice perform at the game tonight. Wish I could make it...
Is it over for the Magic?
Watching Patrick Swayze in RoadHouse! It's a shame a man with that much talent was taken but the Lindsay Lohans are still trolling around.
yeah, just a little sad i guess. how'd you know?(:
Hey sorry, Everyone does like for follow friday and to help friends out. I always want followers so love when others do me
did you find the pic of murray and michaela? if not check out her twitter acct -
Everyone is a genius, but judge a fish on ability to climb a tree & it will live its life believing it is stupid. ~ Albert Einstein
no yourr gay
drinking wine, watching THE GONG SHOW (from my private VHS selection) - great way to wind down
Nothin better than an ice cold glass of #water. Except a
Most efficient. Most excellent. The Platinum Eclipse Power Cord has arrived. So, does power corrupt? Not anymore.
My mom is amazing!
Same to you homie!!
That is, if we are fortunate enough to find such love.
I want a photo of Joe Mays in mouse ears!
Staying after school!!! Bleh! With
NO I WILL LAUGH!
he is christian beadles
Who else is excited for #smbmad with tomorrow?! (Our hand is raised)
But I did enjoy it, and I appreciated the distinct 90s-y-ness of it.
Just wrapped up a catchy song with Peter Wright, a talented songwriter all the way from London. Finally... time to chow down on some grub!
what do you mean? Like call my phone?
Is CSI and Eleventh Hour time
SixFlags this weekend with
Last day of my staycation and I still have a long ass todo list...
"now you can watch nature online" - the tv. Did I just hear that right?? I'm disappointed in you PBS.
come on that was a good comparison !! #ikidding “: The show on ABC just compared Bieber to Christ. #TheWorldIsEnding”
Y'see, that's good, because I'm also in love with you and following you on twitter!
In meeting all afternoon....wowzerz
That means a lot luv! RT S/O new video is official!
I'm very partial to a good blend and the 2008 Headless Red is especially delicious!
BBQ on the quad? You know what that means.
agree. I don't think the excitement is quite the same, but more so with Obama than Romney with the young vote.
Goodnight kisses from my mommy! ♥ >>>>>
I'm healing up after a migraine attack last night. I spent 11 hours in bed. 4 of those were not very pleasant.
Please dont make me expect. Please dont lead me on. Please dont leave me hanging. Please dont hurt me. That is all.
Dedications are due TONIGHT!
how long is the flight to Baltimore?
Just had a nice conversation with
Oh! Good to know! May have some stuff for you :D
"Jeans represent democracy in fashion." -Giorgio Armani
around here for sure.
Working from homw today and taking care of the kids so Joan can take a day off
boyfriend- justin bieber= AMAZING. xoxo. <3
Just finished reading Toby Fulwiler's article about WAC from 1984. So much non-change!
So I'm at the vet waiting on my doggie and someone comes in to ask if they can put their dog down and I start crying
Lady Duet, Kockiee, and Reggie CashFlow live 2night @ the hottest strip club n da bay - Bottoms Up!!
Lol!! I was profiled RT : No f'ing way!!!!! That chick who was transporting in hers ruined it for everybody.
It needs a remove duplicates button. I have a whole bunch of duplicates showing up.
FYI: im in your carry-on. :-)
Haven't. Give me the address again?
I Don't Really Care about anyone/anything except my closest friends and music
Thankyou...and how was your week?
i am so bored gosh i never knew i could be this bored
See, I knew alcohol was involved!!!! //cc:
Im good. Working going to school and taking care of my son. I see you having a bby
RT: Have you visited NYPOST.com from you cell phone lately? Check out our new mobile site!
All women are different: all blonde - fools all red - the witches, all brunette - female and only men are all the same - just the box!
This madness never ends!
Nice people make my day!
Twellman inadvertently points out the big flaw in Pajoy's game, saying he needs to be a hold up player now.
What was Taylor wearing? Hahahaa
Always thanking God and appreciate the things he did for me.
Omg this is a long ass night
i cannot wait for the return of the Bluths!!!
Rehearsing evan ziporyn's opera A House in Bali - in Bali and getting schooled in legong
tough for CBS. No duke, and can't have nantz/kellogg call UNC/Ohio.
S/o to this rum and coke my uncle just poured me
RT : Ron Paul has suspended his active campaigning and will go back to The Shire and tell tales of his adventures.
Good Morning Beautiful People! Rise and Grind #LightsCameraAction - XavierLT.com
it has insane amounts of potential.
Holiday....finally
Welcome to A Beginners Guide to Keyword Research! Ask your questions here.
let me love you.
Oh you mad cause knowbody ever did it like me..
@ Suns v.s. Lakers ... This season seems so odd. It's like the teams just aren't into it (fans too!)
thanks homie, be on the look out
Your black as ace of spades
yeah, and hot too though.
": Wilmington waduppp!!!"u played great kid
This new #ios5 is awesome!!
Just bought $50+ worth of stuff from Amazon. Bad librarian is bad. So hard to avoid them when they have the monopoly!
December is the aim
I'm BETTER than yo favorite rapper.lol but
hrm...... Will poke more and get back to you
To ramp up sales force success w/ new product quicker, is anyone creating sales story repository w/incentives to add to/learn from?
I'll be ready
i was actually saying that having some juice left probably meant you were in good company...but i guess it works both ways
thank you! :)
Very nice of Obama to recognize me at UNC today! I didn't get booed this time. Maybe I should run for re-election after all!!
and thats to all you club rat/ partying hoes that fuck and suck and think about the next guy in line...thats not the way to live and ur...
THESE BITCHES DIDN'T INVITE ME TO ZUMBA!!! -____-
Great day at Gateway! Power of Prayer!
Sundance film festival. Who's here? Where are all the A listers?
#FavoriteLyric Baby you ligjht up my world like nobody else -1D ;D chow!
LOL!!!! Smoking and Playing the Kinect is not a good combo!!!!
"Anyone want a iphone? Inbox me if you do!" right because we all have jobs and get paid enought to pay you for your dumb phone.
I doubt it
it's my favorite stuff boxee...geek code
queen bee
The Oracle is now available for preorder! Official PR campaign starting this week! The Six on TV this week! Lots of exclamation points!!!
SMH in frustration today. If you own a # of domains for the same co., reminder: you can't duplicate content on each site! BAD for your
I understand you need that little chump change I gave you. But you breached your contract. Be a man.
“: I wish I had a personal masseuse..”
hahaha!! me too
for the people who dont want dye all over there hands?
Thanks for setting everything up Chellee! I had a great time!
I have the Facebook application "Selective Twitter Status". So, when I end a tweet with #fb, it updates my FB status, too!
Yes, I do... with a lot of guidance so they understand how to do it. Especially on a first paper
let me see that thong!!!
Your 21st century feminist declaration has drawn fire like every one that came before. You would think by now...
....I'm never on here, but I guess I need to start! What it do fb....I mean twitter!
as you know, I'm so happy for you :) well said, my dear!
RT : POSTPONED! Parade of Light & Luminaria at Patterson Park is moved to Sun Oct. 30. Same activities,location & times for events
Current Fellow Andrew Gaddis is talking about his free Charm City Clinic at the Men and Families Center in East Baltimore.
In the "zone": one must be involved in an activity with a clear set of goals. This adds direction and structure to the task.
you have more strength and courage than you give urself credit for. My heart hopes and feels bc of your honesty.
Why is sleeping with a man like a soap opera? Just when it's getting interesting, they're finished until next time.
#ifeellike it would be better if you
No radio program for the next two weeks!
wish I was
lets get the w
At a brown bag discussion re: access to court records w/ 's danny jacobs
You just reminded me how INFATUATED I am with Jaques Torres Chocolate Shake <3
ppl are really stupid, it doesnt matter if they're gay or not, they're people, and they should all be treated fairly
Doing what I do -- working sources, getting contacts and being awesome. Just another day in my life.
oh i see it ha. i like that :)
It's kinda old.
I don't have my own dresser, but if he cleaned off the bathroom counter, I'd be elated!
aw thanks for the shoutout<3333
holidays with my lovely family and fantastic boyfriend #merrychristmas !
Hope to see everyone out for the show tomorrow at Steak Nina in Finneytown! We will start playing at 10pm. See you there!
we wont have to trust me, everythings final
oh I know, just havin' some fun!
Thank you for your kindness Much appreciated watch tonight will value#Veterans at 8est
Follow back a proud Dodge Challenger owner? :)
Words of Wisdom
I just wanted to do hood rat things with my friends.
change - taylor swift
. Aren't they actually the future of the discipline?! Pay attention to what they're working on.
Holy fawwwk. My dad's snoring is on some other shit tonight.
"Believe me when I say I'm not afraid. I heard the devil call me by my name."- The Lawrence Arms
I love
You see how my account is set up I cant just follow anybody..
this coming Sunday. I'm stoked.
took jose's glasses!^.^ #winning!
i just threw my back out sliding off the dance floor i think. hahaha. shitshow.
yeah no kidding. Way out of my league as well. You start the paperwork to patent the phrase yet? I want the first t-shirt.
I read this and a grecian chorus started to play as I agreed sfm
getting you'r teacher to play boyfriend .. hmm SCORE ! I love this song , i will never get tired of it . Love you justin (:
i am chillin
following you! :)
See you tonight! RT Another double up tonight. First and after. See you there!
Mahogany Restaurant Trash Can Receptacle
I had to be to work @ 8 and the opening manager still isn't here.
“: G'morning! It's super bowl Sunday. Who y'all got? I'm rollin wit the Pats” Rollin with the pats too! :)
I just live Zenday she's a role modle
Says to me that there is no trust.
you could follow us and read our tweets #JamachiTips. You might not be too bored anymore.
I get to work brunch today with and she's fixin donuts and brioche cinnamon rolls.
So Wht Black girls wear weave> White girls are way more fake. They Tan,Get Surgery, implants, lip injections (ass inject) .
Both digitally-born literature & post-print fiction, like House of Leaves. Not for 1 class but as a flexible curriculum title.
i want to be wherever you're at in your picture
then you was like im not gonna tell you who it is
Helping a large health plan upload data for a physicain group with 190 providers. #Foxtrot is auto-loading all 190 providers in to Cactus.
killing it right now.
Headed to #victoryfield #avonbaseball gonna get a big #W today
Are you spread too thin at work? It's not too late to see Ed Muzio in Denver Sept 15 www.ispi-frc.org
oh ok..where u work and stuff
LIFE, BREATH, STRENGTH...
not members club but I have a ticket in 129 for sale
Rain time <3
This guy can go to bed happy
hahaha that is so awesome! You guys are hilarious!
Fantastic stuff. RT "What I'm having right now is an inappropriate physical reaction to my complete joy for you."
I had a great time today. See ya soon.
Did I just hear a college hoops announcer talk about a team having an "enforcer"?
line cook have you heard of "behind" before... now i have no feeling in my finger tip for the day ..
Zelda a link to the past
Same here. c:
Ok just one more episode
If you're not wearing bacon lube you're not really playing
True Story RT ": I'm too cool for TWITTER"
I love u so much... I literally cant stop watching Vh1 Behind the music :) #SitaSwag .. I hope one day well meet c: :)
nothing. But you just reminded me how sad I am that you moved to Kentucky!!!!! >:(
It's you. You're the one I like .
#nercomp12 connectyard is designed to be a hub and spoke model to connect all other means of communication
went to the premier of Brief Encounters on Broadway at Studio 54. Amazing show, go see it!
On Wed. money manager on CNBC said he is redeploying assets and buying stocks here. Bullish. Really? Thurs market down over 500 pts.
Hope we can!
Well that sounds lovely RT : Guess I'll go lay in the grass & write poetry until the sun goes down.
- Thanks so much!!! That was my first Twitter birthday wish ever! (wasn't tweeting this time last year...) #YouWin!
Monday, Monday! Stop by room 254 Van Hise from 2-3pm for our Seminar Series: Incorporating Teaching Technology in a Non-equipped Classroom
Heading up to Togos from fan village in Expo. Good crowd inside!
Had an audition for my first pilot!
If the reindeer where going to drop off a new Chevy in your driveway, which one would you want?
Some women are single because they treat their man like their son
really? thats how u feel? :(
Non-demoninational prayer service for #Chardon, today at Solon High School staring at 3pm.
The Weirdest Football Fan Youve Ever Seen! Does it look awful to you?
Whoa! These people are crazy!
no prob, good luck on the contest! he's a cutie!
I think Prometheus looks better. But that's also because of my affinity for Sci-Fi (specifically for the Alien universe)
Divide and conquer? How about consolidate and overcome.
Loving that it's controlling all the anti gay candidates! Oh the irony.
Payroll Hawaii, Special Elements of Hawaii Payroll Law and ...
i think i know what your going to say!!!!
RT RT I hate how chocolates immediately melt on my fingers. I mean, am I THAT HOT?
Ugh squirming in the
ha. Yeah totally saw u and I thought -I know her. 'She's Internet Famous' :)
I LOVE the words Always & Forever, Together our by themselves <333
Gene Simmons thighs look...old? Like hams? Gross.
worth it
#BreatheSpell = Amazing Awesomeness!!
Just got smacked in the face with a baby wipe! ha!! She threw that shit from 5 feet away n hit me square in the face. HAHA!!
really? I totally forgot about that. Glad we had that little tv in the office though...
Battling the Albuquerque wind in search of my garbage cans.
Our world is only going to move forward as fast as the honesty as the information that is openly shared.
a very young n pretty gurl hung herself in her memory arlington heights high school flew purple n pink balloons in the air for her <3
Lol I officially have Boyfriend as my ringtone
I'll look into edge rank for Instagram. I do know that videos uploaded to FB rank MUCH better than YouTube links.
Im a Greyson fan and and alli fan. I do wish I was alli. Go ahead and hate.
Pete's clearly sweating, all buttoned up in pastels.
This clear polish is crap.
RT I'm cleared!!! I can exercise again!!! woohooo!!!
Johnny & Maxine's Huge Announcement!
our 2011 fundraising calendar is done and we can't wait to show you all what we have in store at Right Direction!
Agree. Cousins will battle for No. 2. Analysts to say this is media contrived QB controversy don't know fans.
He'd be great a cricket.
Midnight train usually heads to Georgia.
ha, quite the soul read! #howDoesHeDoIT?
Dinner with recruits at Cheesecake Factory! Never not signed a guy that we bring here. Hope luck hasn't run out!
Hope can find a way to do what I still think is a good mission, stopping Kony's reign of terror, in a way that is more sensitive.
Ladies and Gentlemen, King Henrik is REIGNING saves all over these Caps.
im practicing liness or roles or whatever and its getting complicating acting. like how am i gonna do this in front of the school .......
Tns for the follow
ill get you back Capi
you ate a whole wheel of cheese?
good win tonight lets put that behind us and focus on the next game. Keep up the good work
Quick, someone go steal Marilyn Monroe's ass while its in pieces.
Going to get marsh donuts they the best
no matter who sings it, love bob dylan's 'make you feel my love.'
Omr I feel so bad 4 them kids in Haiti and in japan Omr forget omg thatz oh my god omr is oh my ridiculous
CHEESECAKE!!! Sorry
Has anyone checked in on and gotten our Juicy Cheese Pizza for only $4?
No, you are!
I support gay marriage; but not gay child rearing
Not so fast, that's P4k weekend and M83 is playing that anyways and I bought my ticket so you should go.
I just noticed 90% of my girlfriends have curves... I barely have any really thin or skinny girlfriends. It just happened that way lol
Any artist are models wanna go to atlanta for 3 days and meet with agents, dj's, or a&r's hit me up ASAP... 300$ cover hotel rooms & travel
thanks for retweeting
Did they give you a free mug?
"If People Are Tryinq To Brinq You DOWN Its only cuz your ABOVE them"
and now Mauer?.... “: SOURCE: Joe Mauer seriously leaning toward joining Twitter. Stay tuned. #GetMauerOnTwitter”
Whipping up a Mother&#39;s Day stack
I have also thought about the same thing in relation to other medical issues. Tell everyone and get help.
Call. me. lame. one. more. time. and. I. wont. do. a. thing.
So, Premiership Champions elect right now? For how much longer? Sort of glad I'm not watching.
I love both. This weekend I am coaching do that's on my mind. Lol. Hope u r doing great!!
Genius is eternal patience. -Michelangelo
very true hahaha
I might be able to fyi I've never really played before
So is choosing winner for their tees. Oh how I wish I could win one since I feel like I'm part of #NARS anyway :)
Clans of long ago got rid of their unwanted people without killing by burning their houses down; hence the expression “to get fired”.
Possible that new sections will be added for high-demand classes. Contact your department directly with questions.
Watching Food, Inc again. I feel sick.
We are pleased to announce that we surpassed our 2011 Annual Fund goal. Thank you to our generous donors!
Is this a direct quote? #romney I'm sure it is in private... Kyt :j
- Good possibility Ryan Braun will have day off on Wednesday. Considering you're coming down for the game... that sucks.
Editing an article about taming digital distractions. And simultaneously checking Twitter.
going tonight how was traffic to sports arena? Diff you stand or sit I've got seats don't know where from Garry Tallent side??
I Screamed So Loud I Woke Up My Neighbors From EIGHT House Away.!
#WhyDoiAlways Read words.
"All of our staff have tablet PCs too" -Tommy
are you here? Have a great time!
"You always giggle falsely."
You didn't. But that doesn't change the fact that I am old.
I watch the videos all the time. It's definitely my goal to go this year.
great talent from small state, not known for bball talent. I like the Iowa boys to do well, now if they would pick
Happy birthday to that Paisa , that's always doing good rat shit. Now he could snort cocke out of womens belly buttons.
please eat better sushi than that.
Are you in the Boca area? Well Boca has a Stroller Strides too! Check out their fanpage Stroller Strides of Boca Raton
SHOW this Friday at the Trip in Santa Monica. Show starts at 11:30
#np im gone- tyga feat big sean
Changed my FB cover photo to a hilarious pic of & from a few years ago. It's helping lift this gloom I've been under.
RT : RT : This Cathy Rodgers is a real piece of work #Hardball // Totally //wait till she's beaten! Then...
Even this will pass.
Went to da concert last night
No nuts!
You know what FRANNY...know what's evern scarier...Ike has 3 hits at CITI...& GUESS WHO IS KEEPING PACE WITH YANKS AND THEIR ALMIGHTY LINEUP
Knowledge is a priceless gift, especially when one learns its effective application to realize a noble purpose!
90's Nick shows.... There is nothing better
i tagg my twitter nme everywhere so people can follow me all over chicago lol
she was said to be seen crying out of her hotel and there have been no lovey dovey jelena pics lately lol stuff happens
So many funny improv stars
yea, good stuff
to play in exhibition on Tuesday, June 12 at 7:00 p.m. at Hersheypark Stadium
Nail shop tomorrow whoop
You may never know what results come of your actions, but if you do nothing, there will be no results. - Gandhi
We love you too!
I love thursday cause then that means Fridays tommorow
Problems are just situations looking for solutions
today dragged i swear. . .
what mall?
is that wat i think it is
change it too.. James twifey lol kidding yeah change it to goddess
I just got pranked by my sister and cousin -_-
I KNOW i've been workin all weekend :(
Supporting my brotha at Automatic Slims
RT : Is that a bedpan? <-- yes. We have no pride.
And... we're back up.
I found bubble wrap(: yay
follow me i follow you how does that sound to you fair or no
Dream Match Play Opponent?
Sean Woods Morehead State.
I'm so offensive over my gauges.
Would you talk? Jennings had zero catches on 5 targeted passes. He would not talk after the game.
business owners in Baltimore-unique advertising opp for $10-175, funds raised benefit non-profit scholarship fund, ad will b in program book
barley but thanks for asking
On a positive note, my thyroid is back to normal. Now to shift this weight...
She's a slut, it's okay..nobody likes her anyways...she stinks
I'm in that two seat lambo with yo girl she tryin' to jerk me
So FB now tells you when people read your IM's & messages. Lmao so youll now know when people read your shit, and just ignore you!
I'm starting to find 20 year olds annoying....I know I'm getting old.
Chris Brown YEAH!!
whatup danja! too bad we didn't get to chill more down in austin, just got back to chitown we gotta jam soon man!
Good Morning and ! Thank you for the follow, my dears.
New picture, I know, I know, I look like a younger, sexier Denzel
Reds game tomorrow
Solid day - #ADPonCampus #Calpoly Pomona LBSA, coffee chat, and on my way to Univ of La Verne for an etiquette dinner!
good shit! Where's the other design you showed me from way back?
#Text MIRAGEDAYSPA to 90210 for #VIP offers from Mirage Day Spa in #Reno, NV. We'll help your favorite business go #mobile too!
#MvsW Q: it's not just shot blocking, it's the collapsing of 5 6ft+ monsters around a goalie padded like a sumo.
Happy Friday everyone, enjoy your weekend !
you could do well in the MLS, except don't join L.A. You can play against Beckham... It'd be just like old times!
#peanutallergy #treenutallergy girl sat near us at dinner & ordered a hand-mixed milkshake with the rents. Still risky- lots of nuts around!
I've given the a piece of my mind. Support the WI recall, or I'm leaving the party.
I sure do love a good nap!
we need to hang out
heyy bissssh... where my grown man at! We gotta hit LegoLand!
That was kinda funny tho
Up way too early as usual!
Yeah I'm safe. I'm always armed anyways, I carry at least 2 weapons fully loaded at all times.
DOA's Carla Vigue: There's been no real trouble inside Capitol. People doing what they're there to do. No decision if they can spend night.
it would mean alot to me if you would follow me back!
#UPEIAN105 The 2 articles for Thurs. are by Miner on the Nacirema (a personal fave) and Merry on Human Rights
I'm not very good at staying mad, and that's why you never know something is wrong.
What an awesome weekend!! :) RT : Psyched! for dinner tonight, tomorrow night!
thanks for the follow Roberta! :)
I just heard my phone it sounded like it was coming from inside my acoustic
From MPD: 30-year-old Madison man shot at a UW Credit Union Wednesday is dead. Police were pursing the man for robbery and kidnapping.
it's delicious. you should give it a try. Lemongrass is good, M & L delicious, but M & L is always crowded/impossible to sit down
Get it!! haha
Great q right? RT : asked what blogs to follow Josh stated he looks at Twitter individuals to follow
oh cool, any links to music I could listen too?
Join us after the 3pm of #IAmMontana today for a talk with Prof. David Merriman on the effects of urban Walmarts on the #Chicago community.
ok ill tell you when im putting it out ok :)
weather is terrible here too - way to cold for April
“ #AOarithmetic it's 7 girls out together at the club how many are hoes”<-----6
Pacquiao is the best.now only if Mayweather stops acting like a bitch.I mean he'd rather go to prison for 30 years than fight the man.WTH
try to fight through! You can get fruit or if that doesn't work get skinny cow ice cream or candy! They're yummy!
Thanks for the followin' Jenny!
Dillon and Miss Kitten work with me every day! :)
Looks Delish!! Happy Easter!!
okay! Good that's what I'm working in & didn't wannabe alone (:
Bet he has more fans than you do, though.
Yep..well...not Folger's (different brand)..but still got coffee nonetheless. =]
With hoodie and sunglasses , I was called Phil Laak twice, which I happily accepted. However my favorite all time physical comparison..
hahahaha its like slapping god in the face
Everyone follow , She's a bit technologically challenged and could use some help but her blog is worth a peek!
You can only do so much!
hope you get well soon!<3
Sadly, I'll be in Minneapolis this weekend! Going to miss all of the fun. What's going on at Anthro?
I'm singing my heart out rn to Say Somethin.
What is wrong with your shoulder? I don't know where has been hiding lately.
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop. - Confucius
Snowless snow day got you confused and not wanting to go out? We'll be delivering all day, just give us a little extra time.
Ha for sure, we had three people taking pictures and at least one taking video, plus a live mix with new songs, so watch for that
Great message super cool idea...especially "O"
Need a t-shirt designing facility suggestion.. Only making a few shirts and want to keep costs down
Definition of a Magnet - Something you find crawling all over a dead cat.
you should come to dallas!
Let me relax your mind my lady.
Tonight John Chimes #blues 6pm, Mike Massey & Francie Phelps 9pm
I pulled up results in am to see past few days. Costly lunch mtg I had missing this one. Nothing better than $55 horse
Up & At 'Em..time to #rise&grind with JenoLo Clothing Thinking of getting a booth for Indy Black Expo as 1st trade show event
that's wassup.
planting tomatoes tomorrow...hatching a plan to fight the squirrels.
You need not concede dignity to be kind. And you need not exert cruelty to be feared and respected. Assert your presence as the...
Only if it wasn't true!
my only agenda concerning Noel is that he unofficially visited the school I support. No need to come at me for stating facts.
Know any good models of in-gallery interpretive material for children? love to hear yr thoughts!
I want an ∞ tattoo so bad.
My point was the OFA = Zomg funding. "need more money to win" is technically always true.
Are you guys super fans of Echo1USA and me?
fact one of broadus clay dancers from Milwaukee #somebodycallmymama lol
what days do you work this week? We gotta go to the Y
People will buy anything... if the price is high enough.
Can anyone answer me why the first "i" in the #PHILLIES logo has a thicker white border than the second/last "i" in their logo?
Why don't cops EVER use their blinkers? Above the law?
I'm back LA. Missed you.
Looking for male promo models to work at the SF Pride Festival this weekend. Contact if available.
lol I was gonna tweet this too
Awesome fish tacos today!
The final nail in the coffin. I can't say that I'm happy about it-- but I am feeling a bit of relief.
Things can only go up from here today right?
How'd it go?!
you'd have to fight me for it lol
are you at #ahcj11 too? With Marshall Allen does that mean there are three Star-News alums in Philly?
It feels great to be back in #Milwaukee but fuck it's cold. #Lawrence def has better weather. Be there soon
Aww don't cry
#Grading quota for the day = achieved. Reward = Rebirth Brass Band!!!
no fucking way!!!
There is little room for compromise when it comes to being innovative. Be committed to being the best you possible.
don't worry i'm not leaving you quite yet!
Just got back from a trip to #Solvang CA. Can recommend the Book Loft for the books and Los Olivos Cafe (in nearby Los Olivos) for the food.
Not saying they're better without Rose, but Bulls do an awful lot of standing around and watching Rose dribble when he's out there.
She nailed it! They love her! Line for interviews and photos! So happy for her!
36 years old here, you find its funny that you're the only person in the world that doesn't think it's an upset?
Aunt Natalie is 89 & more beautiful than ever! Off now to discover more of city in the drizzle & delight of this fine day!
I paid to watch this, almost 1 period gone and I have missed 4 goals. Will I get a refund?
RT : Event Reminder Wednesday March 7 SAG-AFTRA Informational- Meeting Maimi, FL for Spanish Language Performers. Details:...
#Text WHIZ to 90210 for #VIP alerts on #specials & #discounts from Shugar’s Philly Deli in #Philadelphia. Nothing beats #mobile for deals!
Interactive music booth at Poulsbo Street Dance and Kids stage in the gazebo Aug 13th 3-9pm Savor style
Mention this tweet and get half off any regular priced drink for the REST of the day today!
Who did I enjoy watching more today #Boston Red Sox or JLo on #America #Idol? Wow that's a tough one:)
. make people not scared of their own enthusiasm. cultivate that energy and let it feed what you do.
Yes they should, the NCAA will be coming soon.
I feel like im watching a basketball game when watching celebrity apprentace and survivor...
RT : great film!
I'm cody. I hate twitter followers.
Sorry, but this "Ivy being involuntarily committed and having court-mandated therapy for surfing in a storm" plot REALLY annoys me.
Glad you dig it!! Thank you for the support!!!!
Bout to take a smoke break :)
We need to send these Mexicans back to where they came from. These ones here at the Library are like RATS!!! No respect for anyone here!
Woot RT : Q6: I'm a mild persona, but when it comes to salsa, I like it screamin' HOT!
Say what you wanna say
Can anyone connect me with a native or nearly native French speaker ASAP? I have a few questions... (Plz RT)
Congrats to all who made last night a sellout..get tix for "don't u luv me?" tuesday 9PM at indyfringe
Chicago Defender: "...on the account of the only point of difference between men, that of the color of the skin." #239DaysLive #NAACP [2/2]
If one death in the family can't get me to #SB46, I'll consider murdering a relative. Any suggestions?
It's really sad to see all these young athletes passing away or getting seriously injured from cardiac arrests.
hey that's good I'm good
I'm wearing a giant bib right now eating in my car going to last min aud. Goes 2 my knees.
My best friend and constant companion Shy-Anne pasted away this morning. She was the world's best dog. Good girl Shy-anne, good girl.
The command was not to like but to love.
i get 22 year old kids not getting it. i do. I just think it's alarming how uneducated people who play the sport are
Tell them i say hi..lol
The pope? RT : Guess who's getting sushi :D
im gonna die because I need to a crap. Reason why I just got back from the hong cong buffet
see how that lmaoo
Was not into being a part of twitter, mostly standing on the sidelines watching the plays develop. Now want to get involved.
NOBODY CLICK ON THE LINK! It is a spam/virus.. SORRY!
This can change re So many people die without discovering their #creativity, talent & full potential; what a loss for humanity
I recommend the death penalty for his hair.
fugg yeah!! Like a got damn ninja
Cain credits a businessman who served on 'Americans for Prosperity' board- founded by Kochs bro's-w helping devise “9-9-9” plan.
Couldn't agree more. Is it Saturday yet?!
Is everybody sitting on the plane sending tweets?
I really wanna go to the movies
Thank you for your continued support.
Can one become a legend in sports if you have a NCAA violation on your resume?
#Staal with a 10 game point streak!!
right on my brotha! I owe you big time! Love you brotha
great to meet you too! loved the DIY hat!
Thanks Sushma! :) ^dr
Thanks Andre! Great to have your insight and hear about your experiences!
I totally agree
...Ballys by the airport is now Blast fitness! When did this happen? And what is this Blast fitness?
Class Act!
My heart goes out to my friends in on the loss of their FOH last night Rich Caldwelll. RIP buddy. Gonna miss you tons! :-(
West up on twitter
JFK wishes u were here yo
My goal for the day is to seek out, locate, and purchase exactly one ass ton of boric acid.
No! is speaking on May 7 but it's already sold out!
Good news! We are in the process of sourcing buffalo so we can keep our burger on the menu! It's too good to say goodbye to
did you get a fork? Black it out!
I hope none of Rick Santorum's kids are girls. So is he against protecting them from HPV or against being forced to opt out?
it seems like there are fewer moderates than there used to be in DC, I'm no expert but both parties are catering to extremists
i love british accents :D
RT Indianapolis Colts "Make It Personal Tour" this afternoon at the Giant Midway in the Memorial Coliseum Parking Lot....
love always protects, always trusts, always hopes, & always preserves.
Makes me feel like its my fault.
They need to make radios for DJ ears.
If you're driving a Honda Element, no offense, but it's not nice enough to purposefully take up 2 parking spots. Neither is my jeep.
Oh , I Gotta Change My Twitter Name . Lmfao ,
F*ck! My top ear piercing is closing!😁
"Every silver lining has a cloud." - Mary Kay Ash
I know the feeling chica
#shedidntcallbecause you're a 30 year old man who rocks skinnies, brohawk, and scream Taylor gang!
ahh I freaking love you Ben!:') *tears of joy* you're soo lucky!
The time has come doo I'm currently looking fah ah car
Thinking about visiting the sauna weekly. I've heard great things about it. Plus steam is great for your vocal cords!
my phone died :(
You can only be a kid once so make it last -Hannah Douglas
Ready to go for my second #workout and bed
yes we shall I hope your studying goes well
Pissed at sumone so many words i could use so lil time
oh kate i miss you<3
Tx for the RT! So nice to meet you! Hope you ck out our sunscreen. Dev by lifeguard & avid surfer
just got the rough mix of our song from today! can't wait for you guys to hear it.
Trying to get a group of hangover people to paintball by 8. This is tougher than I thought.
if we trade down we better only move 2, 3 spots at most and get a extra second. Anything other then that, fuck no
i'm honestly pissed. that's the second time this week.
Having Drew's b-day party today. hard to believe he's almost 1!
when u hoopin?
Happy birthday to , a great writer! look forward to Batgirl!
The Univ of MD Student Acad of Audiology, "Hear the Turtle," would be pleased to have you walk with them at the DC Walk4Hearing on 11/6!
Theres just something so happy to waking up to the sun shining :-D
several, actually. I stand by the assessment.
Most people dabble their way through life, never deciding to master anything in particular. -Tony Robbins
just wanted to say i see you working, and appreciate your courage on publicly addressing bpd. congratulations, man.
“: I judge anyone who tweets "Happy 420" today. It's Hitler's birthday and the anniversary of the Columbine shootings.” // yikes!!
May we all experience positive evolution in all that transpires in our world, with appreciation for the moments.
I hope the Jeff Withey Project never ends. Nice win Hawks. RCJH.
RT damaging your teeth every night, over and over.
If Bill Walton gets a craving for sweets, he's set; a 5-ft. tall tribute to him in chocolate sits in his home made by local pastry chef.
I don't remember where I read it, but there was an article out yesterday that said they were happy to be interacting with attendees
It's a Wonderful Life is a story about how one person changes his world by existing. Rotary members are like this to the world.
how about thurs? I can't Wednesday. Where to?
I want to experience the feeling of being a cheerleading world champion
Where did this weather come from? And has it lowered the Pollen count? Umm not really.. we are hitting around 10.2 for the day!
hey i cant retweet that my phone wont let me but i tried!
Raindrops keep fallin' on my head ... no, wait. That's cat drool. ON THE BACK OF MY EFFING NECK.
Fool just tried a twista song at karaoke. Can't suck harder than that.
A few days till Valentine's Day and still single!!
ok thats whats up, ill check him out and see if we can work somethin out. good lookin bro
I'm so tired of the sweet, smart, cute guys living so damn far away... -.-
AND TO YOU! A happy #wawinemonth to you
Psychedelics for #military use has come a long way since the days of LSD.
kill it at Haze tonight boys!! When you gonna come in to ??
April is National #Volunteer Month, so we are super #thankful for our thousands of volunteers across the valley!
Serious fun at the conspirator mtg this morning. We predict: a banner year for the dogs and the ponies.
Great. Be sure to let me know when you come to
I'm retweeting my mom. RT NEVER disappointed with you. Ur a marvel to me & I love you so much.
both were amazing
Brady and the guys definitely will be looking to get revenge on the Giants.
Why do people insist on being assholes to other people really?! #loveeverybody <---- my motto
Haha love you too care bear
Hahaha, those are definitely totally awesome.
In horrible pain and can't sleep but still have a joy in my heart. I love this feeling. Thank you Baby Kerr!!
OMG. IT'S AMAZING. I WAS JAMMING OUT . <3
and its #monday. #coffee please!
I dnt see how that song made it to the radio stations <
you was the busy one, not I
I'll go with just Bacon.
Line has gone. The wait is now 1 hour wait
#CIO Quote of the Day: My peers are measured by the value they contribute to the biz. I want to be measured on that as well.
yeah I would rather attend a mixed sex book club with a specific book genre, like literary fiction.
RT : We just received confirmation will be stopping by #SHiFt Conference on Thursday. Will you be there?
The old saying that "success breeds success" has something to it.
😂😂 no Gillette
lmfao. #DONE, but Is true, TMUS, would KILL who ever wins,
You're very welcome! Please keep the great articles coming!
lets go guys
Splurge Gang performing live tonight at tropical martini!
time for a vacation ! =/
well since you don't have one now you'll be able to get one when you go back. Because you haven't seen everyone this summer
My tummy hurts again :\
They did it on their own. They essentially opened up the feed that was running the results on their page.
bro bump V-day, Thursday is national pancake day!! get excited!
how you know you've met a future a miller lite creeper tries to buy you a jager shot, she gets her male friend to step in.
Snowy, slick roads downtown - Anyone else have trouble getting into work today?
i hate chicks that sit on they ass and think everything is supposed to come to them
Time for my workout/run. Feeling great!
You are the designer of your own life. What do you want to create?
East Oakland Legend nigga yea I hold da Bay down yea I spit Monkey Bars I got em lik a PlayGround
In a word, fantastic.
Hey Kim...Hope All Is Blessed W/You & Yours.
What is up with these "Congratulations, but boy are you screwing up conversations" tonight?
Thanks for the mention .....
I love North Beach but the plethora of amazing pizza here is NOT good for my pizza addiction.. I could eat Tony's Pizza Napoletana 24/7
oh yeah - it was awesome
#MyFavoriteDrakeLine I'm allergic to comin' in second, but I never sneeze.
Oh God..oh no...5 missed calls from my mom while I was sleeping till 1.
okay i have a meeting today at 1pm so lets meet at 3 to go over the projects.
SMH. if you dont like it too bad.
The Space Needle is going RETRO tomorrow afternoon in preparation for our 50th Anniversary on Saturday, April 21!
they spell it wrong. It's spelled with K's. I'll have to try it for myself ;)
Tx for RT'ing my Learn to Play An Instrument interview in Time
Thanks man, one game at a time.
anyway... I ate a hamburger today. There.
I been up since eight o'clock, no sleep whatsoever.
Seeing tthat you moved on put me ten step back from forgetting about ''us''.
Me too!! Cross your fingers for me ;)
Good morning
I know it will be great. Those other shows have nothing on u. Peace!
Your actually amazing!, your feeds are so true, keep them up!xx
Some great football today! I just Wis. to pull this thing out over MSU and RGIII is the truth, he would get my Heisman vote...
Thank you for ruining the Bachelor season finale, Why did you do that?!
We will find out officially who we lose tomorrow. Most mock drafts say Harrington
My dad's comments and posts on my Facebook items are incredible. That is all.
I know I just saw it, this breaks my heart </3
I just finished my children's recital. So proud of them.
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow! :) Safe travels today!
Can i hug you? Like seriously. That was poetry what you just said. Can there be more boys who talk like that? :)
There's also a guy running for metro council nicknamed "micro"
You know what I don't understand why do people put their purses in their trunks? What good is this
Oh excited! What day will you get here?
Asia cheese
follow back? :) I love your bio btw x
nope, it's this Saturday!
Tonight we will be closed to the public for a private event. We will be open at 11:00am for lunch. Come get one of your WSWB favorites!
lol i made up an excuse to yo mom she wasn haven it
Excellent idea.
A la Myspace circa 2003, current mood: Bittersweet.
Sounds like your meeting is an, um, enlightening one.
so what I mean by that is, try it out in a non-committed way. don't spend a bunch of (personal) money on it unless you know.
What futuristic movie set did J Lo get her outfit from?
How do rain drops marry?-They coalesce
thank u for that! I miss u all so freaking much! Even saw Bosie! Good day, great cause!
Congrats on that openSNP phallus milestone!
1 in 5 relationships now start online but the other 4 start with tequila
Remember when Senate Republicans cared about student loans and keeping college affordable? Yah, me either.
Thanks for the follow!
Whenever I'm feelig anti-social (a frequent occurence), my knee-jerk reaction to all solicitation for my inclusion is: "I will eat you."
thanks Dave! Keep checking us out :-) and tell your friends
I look forward to the 4:10pm #Detroit City Council special mtg where we'll review the financial stability plan page-by-page.
Tired, schools over :) hope the snow storm hits hard so we have no school tommarow :)
Pearly gates for sure! RT : I have either died and gone to heaven or my office did indeed just install a kegerator.
Stopping watching those silly robins on your lawn... Watch a pair of Bald Eagles feed their young 75 ft up in a tree!
I completely agree! Or maybe just someone who can't "imagine" living without technology.
agreed. What type of web based apps to you develop?
My constant question w my songs, which I try to mostly ignore, is: Am I Good Enough? Focus on writing not wondering
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE
This better be the "Annexation of Puerto Rico", Thibs.
Need more cowbell and zurna? Check out Bells & Winter Festivals of Greek Macedonia (Smithsonian Folkways Recordings, SFW50401)
Cardinal Day Talent Show is about to begin. Ayana is 6th on the line up. Break a leg !
“: when is the second wave being announced? I'm so excited!!” in the next couple wks : )
Thanks Jill!
Listening to Medicaid budget pres to legislators. No blood yet but could be
WTTS, my sunroof, and the rally in Danville pretty much made my day.
#uwmediacenter Program of Songs by Lightnin' Sam Hopkins now strumming. A UW Press & Ethnomusicology release from 1967.
it's funny&weird that u said that! Cuz the nervousness just hit!!!:/// & that's weird cuz I don't get nervous til right before
❤lol. I'm giving you 2 weeks to recover your liver.
what you mean
Good morning Twitterers
Who is Chris Johnson?
help us get 700 followers?
haha! I saw that and I kinda freaked out too lol
just watched Thor. Watching IronMan2 now.
its cool cuz my boss who's like 55 yrs old is always on his facebook lmao so i'm good
#iq2atheism "Atheism frees your mind." -RT "Free your mind and your ass will follow." -George Clinton
Chris Davis cannot hit major league curves balls, doesnt deserve to be in the lineup until he can
Seriously - do I really have to be stopped- AGAIN- to wait for the presodent to go by????
Our digi director is presenting at the Awards Ceremony tonight & our star intern is accepting one! Congrats!
I'll be in nosebleeds somewhere. lol
One Question.♥ Where Did You Come From?? It's Like Talent Just Drops From The Sky These Days♥ lol LoveYourTunes♥
#RBOTT Man on phone STOP looking for surce of funny smell STOP tire fire in Hollywood STOP
<33 I love you babe!!
i went to love and back
"Dr Tony" continues to amuse.
glad you enjoyed the video. if we bring #awareness and #action into our daily lives to make someone's life better! :)
WIld Roses nominated for best series and me best actor at the Monte Carlo Television festival Going June 9 Bitter sweet as we were cancelled
BIG SHOW TONIGHT! 8pm at THE MUSE in Lafayette, IN - THE ENDERS & THE LUSTKILLERS - 2 great Punk Bands - Time to get your face ROCKED!
Thanks so much for the Stephen!
"we've got an obesity problem...there's too many fat asses out there..." #chuck LOLOL Love.
Anti social
i dont like u
You did a great job!!!
I use bare floor setting.
Thnx, Good luck 2 U ;) RT : congrats! Good luck ;)
. Are you feeling kind of "icky" after listening to that case all day?
you need post-it notes that say "try harder next time, asshole; I'm still alive" that you can stick on their window at next light
I do love the colors of the Howard Johnson. But I want to go to bed.
thank you so much.. we have something relly great to offer at a great deal!
Sign # 26 it's time to stop drinking: You drink so much of the same drink it has become your nickname.
Its pretty fast. I am liking the inspiration and organization factor
Tweet me sweetheart:) I really wanna talk with you ^^ <3
Stuck in an elevator. Gonna live tweet it.
554 likes = fine 555 likes = fancy 1000 likes = flattering/Frank-tastic Spread the love, Friends, and drink a Ruhstaller this weekend!
Going to lunch with my parents. Happy Sunday!
l'm sorry if he texted you something stupid.. He took my phone last night
I have no doubt he is that ignorant. Can't reason with a guy like that so quick "go f off" type of response gets blown out of prop.
It's amazing how quickly anticipation drives you crazy. Especially when you put yourself out there for the world and wait.
I knew this nigga was gonna say something bout them old ass Spurs
Pens game!!! pc4pc???
OMG that looks so good!! Enjoy!! :-)
Nice to meet you sir. Ur amazing. I'll be featuring one of the articles about you on the Tap Dance Blog today. Keep me posted.
not sure, but I think cleanup can be called whenever the object is dealloc'd, which is not necessarily when it goes out of scope
is coming to OXY a week from today... what are they doing you ask? opening for hell yes
Awesome! What a treat.
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
~Attention ICONiacz!~ what should I get Madison and Mikey when I meet them in April? Any ideas? :D
Naw. I'm just talkin' out my ass fam lol. It's been a long day.
Hold your breath for....
it officially opened today!
Check out the BlueMonster family @ www.myspace.com/bluemonstertm <3
neva really used to be on dis twitter shit but ima start now
Wmyb remix!!! Love it
Yeah the motto's #YOLO, but it ain't an excuse to be a ho tho er'day, er'day LOL
G'night Whitney, God bless
Lol, how has Long Island been treating you, miss?
is amazed at how many people are fishing at the lakefront today. The harbor mouth behind the Ampitheatre is packed.
I'm not even on Google+ yet, but Facebook with video is a scary concept. It's bad enough people see my pictures, lol.
I'm going with the number 6! :)
To everyone that passed up Miguel Cabrera to snatch up Matt Kemp in your fantasy league, *Hi-Five*!!
Alright so, who's coming to Bamboozle and what days?! Let's all hang.
So ready to party!!!
“Don’t only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets, for it and knowledge can raise men to the divine.” Ludwig van Beethoven
I'm really regretting smoking my last cigarette last week. I could use it right about now.
Thanks for following!!!
Get some!
Happy Friday. Hope everyone has an awesome weekend! Make sure and watch the Daytona 500 and keep an eye out for our new commercial.
Wicked Mad RespecT U GUYs Had A MOsh Pit Goin Down at Last Night!!!!
RT : When I can here my sister and her bf kissing < 😷😷😷😷 disturbing b.
Use a BRONZER with your session to get extra #tan for your #Halloween costume! Ask a receptionist to see which one is the best for you.
I had Adele stuck in my head on my way to my live shot. Thank goodness for Michael Jackson.
Who the hell thought up the unicorn? How does a horn improve a horse ? It doesn't seem like an upgrade to me.
follow back:)?
"In A Man's World" Coming Soon! Def will be in touch. Goodnight sweety and have a good day tomorrow dnt wrk to hard! Lol
My mama enrolled in real estate school, y'all!
News nerds.
. I don't know how you can assert that "the economy and jobs" is Romney's "strong suit" there is no evidence to support it
What's not to like??
9 out of 10 Artistis say - Questions by the 40 kids visiting - better questions than most adults.
“: , , , are taking their seats. Show is about to start!”
“: happy 21st birthday to my most fabulous friend by far , have the best day love! xx” - thank you love!!!! Xo
- Thanks, I've always been fascinated with isometrics and static contraction exercise and the many ways to practice it.
Filling out our March Madness brackets. The office competition is ON!
Ok so - 15s beat 2 "Nike" teams to win it all. That's with no Austin Burnette - our Lamar Odom. Great Job guys.
on oovoo wit :D
This is some bullshit!!!
living a movie
#lol #good #one #im #a #hardcore #hashtagger #get #on #my #level #biach :o
Best part about using headphones on the bus: I'm sitting in the middle of 3 dozen people who have no idea I'm listening to Ke$ha right now.
15: M.Tyson's Punch House by - energy usage boxing game - compete against houses of sim.size (~wt) w/#greenbutton data
RT Reason TV: The Tragedy of Urban Renewal - bit.ly/mR35yg - The destruction and survival of a NYC neighborhood.
Hollla tweeps!! In a redecorating mood so u know what that means!!..Heading north to Ikea!!!!
gee I wonder. They have really struggled without him. Now 2-2 in district.
just dropped "eternally self-promoting network"
I hate the ravens
Happ pitches like Tom Glavine minus the stuff and 6 foot strike zone.
I'm changing the name of my "Social Media" folder on iPhone to "Mind Games."
#museumfactmonday Besides visiting the museum proper, you can learn more about Mesa history by visiting our library exhibits (free).
fixing bigmala.com and started making the quests for expressiaann.com and fixed the about pages .
Drinking a cold Bud Light bouta watch da Slam Dunk Contest!!
"78% of bus. & orgs believe the value of a job candidates environmental knowledge will increase in importance as a hiring factor"...
I hate when someone asks you a question, you ask why, then they say nevermind. Grrrrr 😡
Off to the dentist, then a show, my show. Tonight the show will be sponsored by Advil and a bunch of booze.
I know... stop being such a stranger... to danger... in the manger
obviously I'll be right there with ya!
Any chance someone can answer if there will be an official release of gingerbread for the verizon droid x?
That's pretty neat - a couple of kids I know went to Montclair. I wanted to be different haha -Jared
renee is watching The Killing and accusing everyone of being "mobbed up". Do we need to stage an intervention?
Come relax on the patio and get ready for team trivia with tonight at 8:00. $$, prizes, beer & apparently naked midgets!
Blastin' a little Garth Brooks in the guv mansion today yall. The "thunder rolls" song gets my blood a flowin'
Travel is going well... Lost or left my cell phone in Portland, and had Wingnut Conservative Radio in the row behind me all the way to SLC
FYI just realized I was missing half posts using a client - search.twitter.com seems to be more reliable
Phone scavenger hunt at church tonight?!
Just 17 days until Selection Sunday
Just got my tickets. Going to grab some *hip* clothes to look *great*
A little change of scenery today - #amwriting at my library office instead of the dining room table office for a change...
The truth of art keeps science from becoming inhuman, and the truth of science keeps art from becoming ridiculous. -Raymond Chandler
“RT : #UWHuskies D coordinator Holt breaks N. American mark for most yardage given up (old mark: France, Louisiana Purchase)”
Niggas better care ! I would like to hangout and be able to text you sometime before I'm 80 years old .
The JP Morgan loss of $2 billion is just what they're admitting to. My guess is the losses are not only far higher but others are involved.
text me an address to send your money order too cuz I got the check today!
I LOVE MY LIFE POOR OR RICH FAT OR SKINNY IT DONT MATTER IM SATISFY WITH WHAT I GOT BECAUSE IM ME ND THATS THE BEST GIFT A PERSON COULD HAVE
Easter is never complete without some Michael Jackson wii dance offs
Announcement: Amy Grant's Grown-up Christmas Wish is officially my fave xmas song. What other xmas song is so 90s and yet so timeless?!
It's almost time for my writers' group. Looking forward to another great discussion with such a talented bunch!
Does anyone still use AIM?
41-6 they'll be a little sluggish but still handle their business
That openness to love, that capacity for wholeness with the world around you, is still within you.
5yrs!!! Really lets talk about it... Why did u allow it to go on for so long sweety?
Dear CTA Blue line you really need to hurry the heck up!!
haha your hilarious! :D
#MadMen on Inside the Actors Studio - bliss.
Criminal Minds creeps me the fuck out!
yesterday when oldest told me he wanted Snoop Dog I thought it was an April fools joke.Turns out it wasn't - who knew SD was popular w/13ys
Welcome to 2012...!
hope your no further then mid card I just got called in to work
booths available for Pinstripes and Highland Park Country Club's open houses / party planning showcases. Email me for more information.
you hot an xbox follow me and i will dm my gt to you or you dm me yours ok do that
Dude ima be in CO for spring break!
"Tonight, tonight, tonight, I'm waiting for, tonight, tonight, tonight."- Would give anything to open for
And the Go Big Blue chants start!
If you want the dick THAT bad... Go apply at wienerschnitzel ;)
lol u love talkin mess peachy !
followed :D
It's gonna be freezing at softball practice tonight.
One year ago today Obama gave the order to kill Osama.
RT : #ISDIP2012: TY all for ur support at r 1st #diversity conference and we look 4ward to seeing uagain next year in #Cancun, MEXICO!
just swallowed a freaking giant pill! i hate being sick :(
Finishing Open City on the train ride to Philadelphia.
"The simple act of paying positive attention to people has a great deal to do with productivity." Thomas J. 'Tom' Peters
Dead Presidents in my pants!
All of the contestants call all of the diners "Guys" They say "Hi guys" to even females... not as professional as should be
mentions = dead.
shitty web host abandoned the company. My site is down and there is no one to fix it. can't access anything...cpanel, ftp, nothing
There is something so intensely pleasing about writing on graph paper with a pencil (or even a pen).
In Chicago where winter still resides and Bulls fans at fever pitch!
If you listen to comedy podcasts and want to see the master of photoshop excellence then follow . Holy fuck! His work kills!
thanks! so excited to take the #tott title!
Thanks for the follow! how yummy!
Today's tip: when stretching before a workout, it's best after you've gotten warmed-up for about 5 minutes (your muscles will love you).
I'm surprised the bookstore doesn't sell shorts with the tree on the butt!!
Stay tune for our monthly podcast. Alicia keys remix coming soon! Soundcloud.com/dsdsq2
will do!
Ah I want a wittle pomeranian so bad! They're soo cute :)
bad link
I just got back nigga chill. I knew u was gone do datt
they think otherwise.
No. Not unless the clown is shoving the food down your childs mouth.
#justsoyouknow I want 'her' so much, all the time.
Be awesome. 'K?
I really liked you.. You so blew it... :/
:/ see... that's why ion fuck wit it
Monday the 21st at escape ally downtown
With the fully imploded Republican autophagy of its moderates the graphic looks kinda like that toilet seat was talking about !
my dad is mean i was watching a movie and rewinded so i could see the begining he came out here asked me a question and changed the channel
awww I know!! Love u !
Hey Cody what you think of Britney and Demi being the new judge in the X Factor?
lol I can try to get to follow you she followed me on my 1st attempt.
have a good trip East, boys!
thanks deb. Now food & film! "Food Fight" at Sausalito Film Fest. Marin Organic Exec. to speak. sausalitofilmfestival.com/
if Obama killed Osama I/m the Zodiac killer !
wished could sing me to sleep. Such an angelic voice the man has.
So I totally slept on Super Tuesday. I didn't even know Kony was running in 2012 and with the amount of posts looks, like the front runner.
I believe that is code for "stop whining" :-)
cornrows don't just grow out ur damn head lol
it's going to be a process of making designers more integral to the whole process (not there just to observe)
Decided to add one of my own - #blackpeoplemovies- True shrimp (scrimp) & grits.
Thanks for the reminder! I hope we get to see you there!
Driving to Eddie's Attic in Atlanta with Merry Ellen Kirk and Roxie Randle
sent it x
no lol I think he does some crowd walking but its supposed to be chill and laid back
thats awesome! :D well thank you! :)
I'm not a driven businessman, but a driven artist. I never think about money. Beautiful things make money. Lord Acton
I ma ma ma ma ma miss you!!
Good day tweets! TGIF!
Machine is pulling the best shots of the morning right now. Perfect for a con pana or cappuccino.
Another useless KPI: Bounce Rate means NOTHING when taken out of context...SEs have rendered it useless as an overall site indicator.
Re-reading the copy of To Kill a Mockingbird you gave me, to plan an 8th grade lesson this week. Thank you! :)
so I guess there wont be "The Body Guard 2"
Ruffalo is by far my favorite screen Hulk.
If someone is talkin about you behind your back, that means they are in the #perfect position to kiss your ass!
#5factsaboutmymom 1 Chased off muggers w/ bat 2 Killer White Castle stuffing recipe 3 VIP seat at comedy clubs b/c of laugh 4 beautiful 5
Today starts the diet. I'm sort of hoping I just get the flu to make this whole process easier.
Get your ass moving
feeling so blessed this morning!
glad you made it up there! hows it going
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless FAMILY, MY SOUL, GOD, MY GIRL
i apoligize for my tweets a few weeks ago... way out of line, i do love first take tho, especialy skip.
What's your favorite holiday movie?
Ours is a generation who loves quotable quotes, and that is what the local broadcast team provides.
I agree! I loved it too! I can't wait for the other books in the series to come out.
Dear universe, thanks for that tonight. Props.
there was a better chance of nick Johnson getting a hit there instead of a rod
Lowkey... I know lebron got hands... He just has a lot to lose if he get suspended
Very moving tribute from Kevin Costner today at Whitney Houston's funeral. Thought the whole service was quite uplifting.
what's your favorite position? Lol
this is Great #NonstopNirvana music videos on Xbox360
How is it Cal?
Coincidence that Burger King have both David Beckham AND Salma Hayek in their commercials, two of the hottest people in the world? Hmm..
I just started looking up Limo rates for that day :)
Wow yall need to bring this to Xavier or Industry Influence in here New Orleans.
WH0 SAW BAD GiRLS CLUB? CAN S0MEB0DY FiLL ME iN 0N iT #PLEASE?????????
#MSNBC #Nerdland M. that was mean!If you don't want POTUS text/emails UNSUBSCRIBE!It won't b fun if we TIRE of SHOW
We plan to in the Fall but no date is set. Will keep you posted!
you guys should have dinner together!
you should get a twitpic bruh :D
RT CLASSIC FAVE:"It's pretty cool how your car makes you totally invisible so you can pick your nose, except for the fact that WE SEE YOU!"
RT All profits today split btwn & ! If u can't make it in u can donate directly to them. Thank you!
Anyone going to Vegas memorial day weekend?
Thanks Tony!
I WANT MY KLAUS BACK!!!! #WakeUpKlaus :'(
that means either change UG teaching--fewer faculty teaching, or fewer hours--or lose research time. No extra staffing.
Miss u guys: my loves RT : Ro said follow back >>>>>>
Everything has an End.... Thank God for a new beginning.
"I know there’s nothing sadder / Than a heart that feared its dreams." From "Ragged John" by Bruce Coville
your friend looks like a fairy faggot!
watching baseball
SINCE I WAS A SHORTER I ROCK WIDD DA GUYS WHY CHANGE NOW IM IN IT UNTIL I DIE
that quote is from a Pink song.
My mind forgets to remind me that you're a grand idea..
Glad everyone thought the breathalizer was entertaining last night lol
- I am a clown you know. So imagine my shoe size and all.
You make it to sleep yet?
ewwwwwwwww and omg i hate that fucking song
#nwpam11 collaborators decide when to do what.
Getting a massage this afternoon. I have a great masseuse that comes to my home. Yippee!
#BRB lunch time
It seemed kind of lame to me but at least they're trying something new with their marketing. "Hockey Night in Canada" ripoff.
currently visiting my fam in Canada eating ketchup chips & Poutine (not a big fan of that) hello and love from Canadaland!
TDIH 1896 - First modern Olympic Games opens in Athens, Greece, continuing for 10 days. Americans won the most "crowns" with 11.
Anyways work tomorrow in the AM! 😁😁😁😳
agree loved sims but Paul had better range....someone needs to give Christina a sense of fashion
I wish I knew, and I'm sure I'm not alone in that desire, either.
Swave Pick-Up Line: ...So, Do you want to see something swell?
gushers are my favorite! Best late night snack 😉
I guess you could interpret relevance -> "hipness" and authenticity -> conservatism? No, doesn't seem right.
This math / science enhancement is interesting. $10k for math/science...but no mention about engineering or comp sci.
Children's choir at Christmas at the river. There is a gallery of trees and a sky lantern ceremony. Trapped in an episode of Gilmore Girls
• Me too, I love that commercial. I actually want the Cubs to win the WS if they get in, fans and city sure deserve it.
Current status: You may have encountered a bug in the Ruby interpreter or extension libraries. Bug reports are welcome.
I hate when people try and show out to try to look cute in front of somebody, yeen ain't cute so, stfd !
Many thanks to the for the tickets to the Heineken TransAtlanticFest this wknd -- RT for a chance to win!
Online ordering deadline TODAY for Treasure Box economical food program - 40 locations in San Diego - menus online www.thetreasurebox.org
Oh cool. My number is 424-653-8413. Hope to talk to you soon.
Oh bla dee oh bla da life goes on...la la la life goes on.
coffee on an empty tank gogogogogogogogogogo!
that hashtag? really?
we are here for you homie
Do it! if u go to buy 2 bags, u get $10 off a lift tix to ! RT : Craving right now! Just cause!
