Most epic movie ever! #ProjectX xD
So a large chai tea from coffee bean is 350 calories....get it with no sugar added, its 150...good to know.
im gonna go out wed-sat of this week ill let u know!
Thanks to the thousands at the market on Saturday. Feeling somber today as our prayers go out to those killed and injured at the fair
I jus wish my baby was in my arms . That would make up for this messed up day
Are you going to LPS this year?!??!
Celebrity sighting of the day...Al Roker!
I want you to give us all new titles when we're up there next week
Chris Bosh is out for the series!!! This is big for Indy!!!
The Voice finale tickets!? Baller.
RT : At noon today we'll pull one winner in our #mothersday #befearless sweeps to win a $25 card! Enter:...
Thanks, Rebecca! There are many arts nonprofits on - u can add it as a cause in Settings & find them easily. Enjoy!
So glad you are enjoying it!
Thanks to the for an outstanding Lincoln Day Dinner. I appreciate all the support you have given us for education reform!
A #BFSportsMoment - today in 1971 the #Boston #Patriots became the
thanks for the RT this AM. Happy Monday to you all!
Something is about set it off on
That's what I thought.
dream a little dream
congratulations to class of 2011!!
Mockingjay was so sad D:
Joan Carris' MAGIC AT THE BED AND BISCUIT comes out in Jan from Candlewick Press! For more, visit www.joancarrisbooks.com
The Town Car comes in four trim levels: Signature, Signature plus, Signature L, and Designer Serious
Thank you so much for your beautiful review! We highly appreciate it!!!
dreamed an ex of mine wrote a thinly veiled novel about me.
too! RT : Playing a late show at Club Cafe in Pittsburgh this Friday night! show starts at 10pm
"oh no it's cool dude, brought my own"
Don't worry about fixing ur fruit. Fix ur root.
just wondering...it's a short week, so why isn't my todo list any shorter?
That's his point!
I need to get better...
I do... Didn't know your cousin was a big tennis fan, did you... Haha
Absolutely positively surprised - there are NO commercials in the live webstream of
thanks! great picture - miss you !
ahahah man gunna hit the night out like im crazy puff puff pass
Best part about Hemma's Kitchen - getting hugs on the way out! Namaste.
Even thought beaches attract tools I love them & I don't want to leave!! I feel like I'm on vacation!
lol... funny but so true...
The medical term for a hiccup is a singultus.
Love camex even when I don't have chaped lips got to have it on
noo not anymore youre my short stalker
Learning about Next Level Leadership with
This cocktail waitress at the bar who "has a deal in place with Sony" tried to tell me y'all will never make money rapping. Smhhh
SHUT UP NO my sister doesn't haves fan in her room. ITS FUCKING ALIENS. I HATE THEM Imm in my closet
I dont think i have what it takes
When u was younger it seem like u had more fun, when u older u got more freedom...
No, no one ever trades on inside info in the stock market that's just in the movies $GRPN
whens our first game?
did not even suit for the #shootout #DontAskMeWhy the girl must have him on
And that would be something to play for RT don't think BYU is as locked into bowl. In 2010 ESPN moved Boise to Vegas bowl.
But I am getting a nice little refund.
1200 boxes of Girl Scout cookies have landed at the office!
The Kings had more NJD came into Phil and lost game one and won the next four- once they find the weakness they use it against them
I AM GETTING A STORY REPRINTED IN A BEST OF 2010 LESBIAN SPEC FIC ANTHOLOGY YES I AM SHOUTING
Gotta love a conference that doesn't squeeze every last dollar out of floor space. Beautiful exhibit hall.
Its so hot, and this bus smells!!! :(
totally gonna be me
If u want stuff done your way... do it yourself...
Hate when ugly bitches eye fuck me
Haven't been on here in a while... getting all ready for camping!!! Can't wait to go, just bought a 22 foot camper and we're OUTTA HERE
Better late than never! RT : wheuu your amazing how come I never heard of you before?
o ok
Hearing "We Will Rock You" by Queen on the radio totally pumping me up to face work after a week away at
Tomorrow is Destiny's birthday right ?
thank you. The rhetoric rages on. :)
In residential setting there is flexibility, but conceptually it is not a room if you can touch both sides. Corridor?
Nothing helps you GET THINGS DONE like a TIME CRUNCH.
Watching #thevoice and recording #HIMYM :) its gonna be a good night :)
shenanigans!! This cannot be!
3/18/1758->R Washington:I shoud not have receivd them had I not been at great pains&expence myself to Send them. So Indolent is Captn Dick!
thank you! so excited and honored! Couldn't do it w/o
lol cool beans bro.
No problem(:
Work to do, bills to pay, but at least there's food to eat! :D
So far today I've eaten five eggs and a whole cheese pizza...what have you done with your life?
Your best content writing occurs when you write what you know.
pot pie is everywhere now, go for it
Today I'm admiring Hamilton and King's tour de force Camillus series of 1795-1796.
Thanks everyone who came to You Are Your Own! It has beem EXTENDED! This Sat same place 7-10pm! See u there!
I was literally just about to text you lol
That was the best vitamin water commercial! Love the sexy sax man but it was even better when the random antelope plowed him over. Haha!
Bored, but don't wanna give in to Duty Free shopping.
sucks we dont talk any more all cuz i didnt have the balls to meet u.
Best performance on #TheVoice was tony Lucca !!
RT If u have major Bieber FEVER!
i love
You don't need anyone else's permission 2 b happy.Your life is amazing not because someone says it is but because u choose 2 see it as such
thats what sup, so where you from and is the weather good there lol
"I have an R&B song for every ill." Is Tom Haverford? (yes).
Hello, I would like to say many things but most important is that in every song I steal your heart ... Especially you Niall..
hell yeah we're in the semis!!!!!
thanks homie... nice to follow you too!
yezzir man i had to get back quick cuz it was only gnna get worse from there yadigg
Working out hungover sucks so bad but at least I got it done!
Whoo-Hoo!!! Way to go Into The Woods with Kyle Anderson!!!
mamma says snakes are the devil
I just got my hair cut too!
or with their mom.
Since y'all ain't gonna be doing shit… Who wants to go to London with me in July lol
When I get my truck, I want a huge batman symbol on the back window;)
IPEX, in case you're wondering, is the InterParliamentary EU information eXhange. IPEX.eu contains database on EU affairs
Why do people still read her? Ugh!!!
Is there any way to just subscribe to your Unfiltered magazine? I read the latest issue online line and loved it.
i just realized bro we were in the same music production class last year i think haha
If is the only dubstep artist a girl knows then she's too young for you bro
Did I just hear the name Blue Ivy is being copyrighted? Are you kidding me? Crossing that off my list of future baby names.
Every time you come around something magnetic pulls me down.
Chillin with the girls #pubofpennvalley where's my friend
hey, when we do the questions on composite functions do we have to include the domains of g, f, and (fog)(x)?
Riff Raff has affordable prices, great taste in styles, makes shopping less of a hassle, and... LOLZ ;)
“: i'm ready to watch the hunger games again!” Me too !!!
wta it do dont tell them i talk to u im stell on the shit list but jest wonted to say hi and
Congrats to , the Official Product Sponsor of the National Collegiate Sales Competition -
The largest population sector in the world who also happens to be the most savvy in connection technology - 4 billion under 30 years of age.
The "sounds good" ad campaign must mean it doesn't sound all that good. why bring up the issue?
doesn't matter.. More ppl like watching pacman fight cuz he's more entertaining.. Floyd wants everything his way.. Not gonna happen
Thanks for the add! Have you checked out the new bartab 2.0 app? bartab has some healthy drink options too!
Commr Ted Schneyer: this is not MDP discussion repackaged; std to not harming/advancing core vales of loyalty, independce and impartiality.
RT : If your resume mentions Yoga or Pilates we know you're not a good match for our culture. -Krispy Kreme HR <<LOL
Thanks to for dropping off 36 new winter hats for our guests today!
Happy to hear you'll be here on July 26th for Ignite Newark I!
I knew you would come thru for me!
“: Don't Matter, You gonna drop them charges...sorry just heard it on the fan, Couldn't resist:-)” Love it!!!
Agreed. Not sure what's going on, but I like it!! RT Mild weather in CLE isn't just different, it's downright bizarre.
for sure just page me.
This is the longest February ever.
[That awkward time when I want to brew a pot of coffee and call it a new day, but know I'll crash at noon....]
Do not believe that possibly you can escape the reward of your action. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
KGW's Nick Allard weighs in on Prince Charles doing the weather on BBC during PM Drive on FM News 101 today
I'm OBSESSED with frank ocean's novacane...ugh amazing
Listen to at 7:35 as joins us! It's album release day! With me
JPMorgan trading loss an upset for big US bank credits
even though i am a Ravens fan, gotta say your a class act!
AA customer service is right on point. A joy to work with. Budget Car Rental service was so terrible I will not be using them again.
Celebrating Science Vocab Scores- 3 out of 3 Classes scored all-time highs today! Now going for 4
RT if you've met Austin.
But mine does... RT : If ya mom dnt got twitter stop wishing her happy mothers day on here smh...
Imagine San Diego roadways with 40% more people. You can choose the future of transportation in San Diego—Choose today...
True Match Super-Blendable Compact Makeup by Loreal has aerated elastomeric silicone cross polymers to smooth skin and hide flaws
Happy BDay !!! May your day be filled with LOVE and Blessings !!!
Is so dang gorgeous!:)
If a patient came in and couldn't pay cash or didn't have insurance you better tell him to leave and go to Jackson. My teachers a
Flyers vs Penguins - one great game at a time...
not yet :(
Yeah, children's theater got more recognition than STC. Has to be changed.
hey beautiful, have a blessed day!
A kid turning down D1 rides to go to a d3...#imsureitscompletelylegit.. SOUND FAMILIAR????
awww, thanks girl! it means a lot! :) you guys did great too!
see like I said not bad just interesting ;)
tough one! 3's, 4's, 11's, 13's and 5's if I had a top five
Nice! I hope you will enjoy pro guitar mode!
That movie make's me happy.
Officially switched to Mother's Day Mode: abandoning Him & Her in the living room for a bubble bath. Ah....
for real! Some farmers just boarded and boy does it smell like it :(
I JUST BOUGHT MY FIRST CAR. This deserves a shootout. #teamtoyota #langhorne You're the best.
Looking at Baby picturess & just laughing your as of !
Oregon City :D
Good morning my friends and fam!!!!!! Yet another day here with the ones I love!!!! Thank u lord for that<3
Good Morning! It's going to be a beautiful Saturday! Today is the Werst Halloween Party! Are you coming??
Yes - need to create pull systems, not push systems. Relevant for many contexts outside of health
Have you tried yoga?
Fantastically fun audition today for a Disney webseries! I was inspired to be funny(er) all day long!
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. ~ Henry Ford
the work of geniuses
Happy New Year everyone enjoy 2012 and stay productive!
haha :'D well.. u know..^^ haha yeah its true xDD
lol I no
THANK YOU SO MUCH THAT WAS AMAZING
Separation of Church & State? Oops ah about that ...
Great idea, insert a podcast page on your site and link to it via twitter.
I got to go in a castle today ...at school..it was made outta cereal boxes, but it was awesome ! :)
Glee totally butchered starships.
A lot of big plans 2012 is my year
Thanks very much Mike. I appreciate it. See you soon.
House-buying FTW! Congrats.
u r welcome:)
We can't wait to see you! RT : Can't wait to be back in the Midwest on Thursday!!!
20 minutes till the phillyhunt question, it will come at noon and be about the Daily News. You can win a giftcard from !
There are guys that get all the luck and guys,like me, that get f#
head of Peabody marketing Richard Selden talks to students about Peabody, marketing & public relations. more to come...
I can't even get that for myself.
gotta have Class !
got a shirt to. Match them yo on pre order
I hate when good things happen to bad people
In one gram of soil, about ten million bacteria live in it
sounds good :)
Thanks! RT : RE: recommendations for good gastropubs in
well you never know you can be a
That's better.
I LOVE YOU GUYS.
Looking for someone to present a solution for how things are going to get better.
Can't wait to work out with and in the morning. Y'all betta be ready its bout to go down!
Abby! It has been too long, how are you?!?
Happy Sunday! :) Hope everyone is having a blessed & wonderful day! <3
If I ever teach a Literary Frauds class again, these men who blog as lesbians will definitely be in the mix.
WOW - she's back!
7. "The Nature Boy" IC Flair f/ Peet Caliber - "The Product" (Produced by Mekz Uno "The Black Mage")
Followers go follow for great quotes :D
crazy day today!
Yep I play middle :)
Starting to feel raw around the edges. If something could get less stressful right about now, I'd surely appreciate it...
i hate feeling sick
When is Ed sheerans next Tour!?
She got a cake on her, She gotta cake on her
Was enjoying the new radio on the way to the daycare this morning. From the backseat, my daughter yells, "Daddy, TURN THAT DOWN!"
Best practice: connect employees to what they do in the world / how they make a real difference, says at
#21 thank god it won, best album indeed.
Had a Fab day with my bestie :)
New photog's who run out and buy the most expensive high end camera and think they will be great cause of that should get a major clue...
you can see my house in the movie
#rosebowluw Oregon TD run by Anthony Thomas 91 yards is Rose Bowl record.
Some people can't drive. Those people live in Madison.
If you tweet the pin of a photo from your facebook page that links back to your blog, does that guarantee you ultimate SEO?
#ows Locked out of park so the people are taking over Bway & Houston goin north.
Now hiring servers for Ovation American Grill inside Ipic Entertainment. Stop by to fill out an application
and the whole complexion of the inning is different and do i have to listen jack curry more come on
Go & See Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol if You haven't already done so! Bloody Brilliant Film! Anil Kapoor Totally Rocked it! JHAKAAS!
Every single aspect of your life is regulated by unelected bureaucrats. They tell you what you can do and how. Time to stop them folks.
Unscientifically, $610 million.
I know right hot Stuff!!!!!
If you can, visit B.O.'s Fish Wagon on Caroline St. Best grouper sandwich you'll ever have!
you were honored last night and will live in infamy as the 1st ever female caller. I made sure Jeryl knew that too.
RT I’m committing to telling you about my podcast on commitment. Acting without the Drama, on iTunes!
Can't wait to see everyone this Sunday! We hear will be there too.
Starving, but there is nothing to eat
don't make me subtweet you ..
alas, Internet woes. The hashtag #swsterling seemed pretty good. Another annual great end of show rant.
Follow or I don't even
Eating popcorn getting ready to watch the first season of The Boondocks
that makes two of us!
Dang I got 7 new followers but I lost like 7495.!!!!!
Sounds like a blast. I haven't gone native on Whac-A-Mole since an iPad version came out. :)
LOL!!!! Love it!! Thanks for guessing!
It's very warm night in the library. I should have dressed for summer today.
Who feel like talking????
SUCH a good day!
when are you gonna post a new chapter?
I NEED A NAP. srsly.
He know exactly where its at on the ipod & he knows more words than me!
#4WordsIDontWantToHear I'm gonna report you as spam well I did not do anything I'm harmless
Goin to work
I have had many business owners refuse to change their site. If you don't improve it, it will go out with the tide.
People got issues
I don't JUDGE off of what a person tells me. I judge off of your actions.
Getting closer to having the itinerary and price of a Welsh Heritage Tour in early August.
yeah i was busy so i couldnt reply earlier..sorry i have other things to do....
I plan to, once the traffic gets up. Still getting this whole thing off the ground.
i loved the wing series especially the flag ones! But i can't find any in my size that are less than $500 ):
Looking forward to tonight's show at The Palladium with Marvin Hamlisch!
you talkin to me bitch?
yes definitely worth a listen! Try oxford comma or something off first album...
yes u are not dreaming! :-)
I want some buffalo wings
Lunch money gets stolen, hide behind the Sisters, and snatched off of a golf cart.
Left early.
I know, very cool marketing idea.
Leave the Holiday baking to your Suga Momma! Place Lush orders today! Don't see your fav cocktail?? Just let me know n I'll make it happen!
Jeffco Destination Imagination teams covered by in
shit what was their names?
Enjoy the Full Moon Magic-use the sexual tension of Scorpio to manifest something earthy, sensual & substantial under the Taurus full moon
So when is coming back to detroit?
It's a Civil War-filled summer ! Dr. Ethan Rafuse discuses the First Battle of Bull Run on July 13th, 6 pm at the Central Lib!
Great man.
Let's all go on a "Vampire Roadtrip" it'll be to die for!
awesome :D
I bet I love you more!
So let's be real, does anyone ever pay attention to the ORDER of their TBR pile on GR?
RT : President Obama makes college more affordable? more grants and fed loans is NOT more affordable - nice SPIN
When Twitter informs me that I've got 1780 unread tweets... yeah, there's a big chance I won't be reading any of 'em. Sorry.
Omg! congrats! u have like the best life!(:
Sweet You've got a Deal :-)
its ok lol
OK YUP THE TRACKS ARE BACK ON BANGIN OUT TO THE BANGERS IM MAKIN ALL DAY GET AT ME DJ PHIL DRUMMIN!!!!
Peep New Mixtape "Bigger Than Life" The Day I Woke Up www.tinyurl.com/hopmixtape Hosted By:
Facebook Glen Goodrum
Going to be a hot one here. Finally over the DOJ thing, I think and watching the WSOP ME on TV, just wish that I could have been there.
RT FLYASSAIRBORNE And when I say no money I mean chump change
Avie Luthra's #Lucky, set in post-apartheid SouthAfrica, broke my heart & encouraged me 2 find alter ways 2 communicate & create community.
Pretty sure that '50 Cent and Justin Bieber' TT should be yours too. That's gotta be oral sex related...
Thx for helping us spread the word re: 3/31 event at !
It is simplicity that makes the uneducated more effective than the educated when addressing popular audiences.
can't believe who I just picked to win the National Championship. Oh well... I think they're the most talented team. I ain't tellin... LOL
Starting to lose my voice. I'm probably the only person who likes losing their voice
Oh that's so awesome! Hoping that will bode well for bar sales for the market next week :-)
Yay! You received it. I sent it with an extra helping of modern art.
Is it bad that I'm excited for the boys in college.....
Still got it
After many days of everything being rearranged I am ready for a schedule again
Save a donette for me.
Been waiting since 4 to watch SVU. The time is now.
Delicious cookie nabbed from Devs makes afternoon enjoyable.
Woman on the train just mocked her son that there's no Children's Day... But she's wrong.
I have 2 miles to empty
Who best for last (: Yayayaya Justin won and got slimed. HELL YES.
ur right earlier saying nobody cares as much as #UK fans. Hour b4 game n #bbn is locked n loaded n superdome. Few Kansas fans
For a second there, i thought i lost my account! as it would not let me log in, but hey yall it hasn't happend! Who is on? talk to me!Xo
This world is a better place cuz you're in it. U inspire me & make me pee my pants with laughter.
Car shopping isn't the most fun in the world, but having rad parents to go with you is pretty awesome to make it much easier.
So I'm Up , Mhm Some Cereal Sounds Good Right About Now <3
Somebody talk to me about Prezi. has me jonesin' to play with it after seeing one of hers. Worth it?
Explain libel to me on the Internet you dumb fucks.
Hmm mondays off to a rough start. Can I call mulligan?
Jeff Bridges but as "the Dude"
With the 259th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Kurt Suzuki
Yessir!!! RT : It was good catching up w/ my boy this weekend!
Just found out I will be at bootcamp in september of this year (if everything goes as planned) SO EXCITED!!((:
Life was a funny thing that happened to me on the way to the grave.
HD video clearly hurting the 49ers there.
Now that I'm following , I'm learning lots and getting *nothing* done.
Wasn't this predicted by Nostradamus?
Congrats to my alma mater and for earning an encore performance at the Big Dance!
Sorry if i'm mean, it's only because i'm keeping it real.
_|!~~~ YOU WANT TO BOOK A PARTY FOR SATURDAY MATRIX.... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
not necessarily, just give a better feel on what the songs about. feel me?
RT : Craaaazyyyyy to see LT back in san diego!
We're talking about THE KARATE KID on our movie podcast this Thursday night @ 6pm PT & we'd love to have you on! Interested?
Words with friends is now on androids so now I can beat even more ppl.. Muah ha ha ha! I kid I kid, on that last part.
Who is Mike Lombardi?
Ppl keep telling me that all my hard work will pay off but my hard work is getting harder these days...
The # 1 name on yahoo trending is no other than My main Man Howard Stern! LIKE THAT!!
*crosses fingers*
Go Big Blue....headed to Lex to watch
it's deja vu all over again. Enjoy.
Great weekend! Sold out shows (and great audiences!) for SUGAR BEAN SISTERS Fri/Sat nights, and film UrFRENZ is headed to another festival!
Shit like that makes me not want to move back at all
we are so up for that. hee, perhaps a blind dating by beer preference event? :)
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: Jupiter has 63 moons and one of them is volcanically active- the only one of its kind in the entire solar system!
shoot me a link of sumn
Kicked off by pay-as-you-go mobile phone teens who found their money went further with texting - the first tech freemium model?
Just signed up. Thrilled to meet my colleagues
Aw, thanks! I am definitely enjoying a warm sunny day today :)
im freaked out right now
"Sleek and safe to drop"
how are u
I've also kind of been let down in the past by ww. I've seen whales, but the boat has to stay so far away it's kind of meh.
Who really gives a shit what thinks anyway?
Great Sunday greetings to all my Twitter friends! May your day be blessed and I hope and pray that you have a truly blessed week! Dean
heard you were coming to florida IS IT TRUE and if so where -Mahomie 4 LIFE
The doors are top 5... 1 is Zeppelin .. Not sure what the rest are but the doors are in there
Beaches Of Fort Myers and Sanibel Makes Cut On Top 20 Events List: The Southeast Tourism Society (STS) has named four events on The B...
I want some junk food...
RT : "I hate Red Skull." 60:08 #GWC322 // A, sitting next to me: "Well, he *is* a f*cking Nazi."
I'm watching tv , you?
that was compared to a stupid question from the audience at Neil deGrasse Tyson today
another world rocked!
got to love the ernest movies!!!
You know you have LOTS of supporters out there when you're tweeting and texting about your first real shower in 20 days.
Me too! RT : Sunburnt and freckling.
Her dress looked AMAZING in person. Don't let the photo fool you.
Do you have Imstagram??
We live in Miami I thought we'd all be used to it by now.
I would very much like to buy you a congrats drink tomorrow. If you settle anywhere, let me know.
After first block my day goes by so quick lol
*Pulling across my lap, dragging her hands behind her back and cuffing her wrists in my hand* Do you want me to spank you?
Nice pic. It's not about where it lands, it's about where it crosses the plate, right?
...Count me in! When can I get a floor plan?
the end of raw
Preds kicker Mark Lewis attempts a 37-yard field goal and misses the kick. Tampa Bay leads 21-10 at the half.
2012 ~ off to a great start! 6 more #Nonprofits have agreed to partner with us! Will tell you who soon!
Getting my outfits ready for today's shoot- ready to film a scene or two today for the music video.
#CrewLove <3 Not even distance can separate them.
MT : T1.2 the qualities of a great blogger, the willingness to leave nothing out, bare all &be naked to the reader.
Normal people: every day I'm shufflin... Simpsonizers: every day I'm simpsonizin.... ;D
Good morning peeps....
Yes, if you find something shoot it to me!!
I miss your face!
Part Four: Boys the forgotten victims (with video) - Vancouver Sun
Blazing the comeback trail to getting into shape.
Today is a GREAT DAY !!
Gerald was nice enough to wait with me at the Max. He obviously doesn't know he's not getting laid.
Can't stay away from that big orange lunar eclipse - what a sight!!
whats on Thursday there?
Aha. Thank you.
oh, I really like her
": it was just 1 of my random thoughts"«««its ok lol
Please text HOMES to 85944 to donate $10 towards building a home for severely injured veterans. Please RE-TWEET and spread the word!
Didn't get to record set, but its ok spending time with my little girl.
it was either house or wedding. And by wedding, I mean $150 wedding.
dont talk about clothes i mothafuckin embarrass you !
:( that means I didn't even keep it alive a full month.
Who do I think I am drinking mimosa's like this??
Well #tweet that
Yes agreed, establishing good relationships seems to be the key to creating a good foundation for success
true. I have watched this now 8 times, I don't understand how his body flipped that way.
I have a great print of Detroit, circa 1930ish. A sort of elevated plan with smokestacks and sailboats, view from Windsor.
Thanks for comments....hope you like the products
still one of my favorites!
Paul is really dead...
Hating ain't healthy... why you choose to be sick..? The world full of pussy you either that or Dic.!
I want a goodmorning text punk
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Blueberry and Raspberry Pancake Topping 4.73 / 5 Stars | 37 Reviews by thr33things "Blueberries and raspberries
RT : will be on site to capture some video images and scenery of the Block Party. Swag up!
What a horrible night of non existent sleep. Being sick sucks.
Finally finished my teeth-whitening kit. Can't tell a difference yet. I want to blind you with my pearly whites.
Will they strike or not? #GreshamBarlow teachers will take a vote today - more LIVE w/
Event aims to change minds about cloth diapers
Oh lord, boy scouts are just so adorable. Specially the ones from my school.
I feel like listening to some freaky shit.
well said
Thanks for the warm welcome and we are holdin on to our bloomers cuz pretty sure ur gonna take us for a ride!
RT everyone talking about DC being tied on points with #SportingKC remember DC has played THREE more games than
#FACT The Funniest Sex Laws Ever, Check Out: mylikes
#countdown 7 days left. #honeybadger attitude on things don't/shouldn't matter, new spring new start. my persian NYear resolution
no it is not whatever with a broken heart ! Love you troy💜
Today's Sandwich: Turkey & cheddar on a French bagettue with lettuce, tomato, mayo and a cup of soup....$6.95
I don't like the Thunder or the Clippers bc of the Grizzlies 😒
The sex scenes in HBO's Girls are hipster garbage.
We will miss you! :( Chicago's loss is NYC's gain... good luck!
. what makes marine Lee pen dangerous in a way her father never was is that she could easily be an extreme left candidate
Rock Band Food: Sleep Now in the Fire Nachos topped w/ chili, pepper jack cheese, sweet n spicy peppers, Tapatio sauce, sour cream & salsa!
I need to start my economics final !!
Drug testing never fun.....
After squandering Game 1, Sixers look to fine-tune in Game 2
Requests and Belmont Bar-B-Que on the Powerdrive at 5 w/Helen Powers! Studio: 978 1023 or
More delegates strategy will lead #RonPaul to the White House!
Work Friday then the drinking begins Saturday
Kidney stones on Deadwood may be the most uncomfortable thing I have ever seen on television.
Sharpshooters! RT : Happy Birthday to the second half of team SHARP/SHOT, !
Good luck! RT : Preparing to speak at #MilwaukeeCenterForIndependence tomorrow morning. Put people with disabilities to work!
Oh wow, Safari is really flipping out right now, I think I can thank the swagbucks toolbar for this...
AP is saying the opposite. Interesting. RT : Players union officially announces that Braun won appeal
Do you have a big comics/manga/graphic novel collection?
Study Tip: If You Want to Remember Something, Think Deeply About It
I will be any singer to any genre of music if I set my mind for it. Hard work, pays off. Dreams will pursue!
RIP Mike Wallace of 60 minutes. Dead at 93. A giant in the television news industry.
better start throwing to Victor Cruz if they want to win
! RT :check out #GreaterTogether for tweets about their huge Youth Summit today in OH
really miss the cantwell house ! Hahaha
Bulls Pacers is on CSN+ right now, but because the Champaign market gets shafted, I can't view it on the infomercial access channel
Megan: DAMN Shawty! ..... Can I say that?
That awkward moment when you dont want to talk to someone but he/she keeps trying to talk to you
I try so flipping hard not to think about you. But I can't just let you go.
I wrote your name all over the eggs my little sister let me have <3 LOVE YOU!
I need that Men In Black Memory Erasing gadget, cuz this is too stressful and hard to think about.
DAMN!!!! Drink some more brother!! You earned it!
Speaker Nathan Latka shares powerful #socialmedia weapons at #smwnyc, including how to dramatically increase fb likes through texts
Nice to meet you as well, we are following back.
haha :) well im getting of but ill talk to you tomorrow :) bye!!
RESISTENCE IS FUTILE!
I Love it when you don't make sense after we eat at Portillo's… also, when you give yourself a high-five 🙏
Finally got RapidMiner working with R integration using the 64bit-only Java on 10.6. Turned out environment variables were at fault...
Ok, waiter came quickly and took care of kids. Great service.
I love NC! I hope we do play there soon!
Psyched to open for next week.
Hi Teresa--Are you doing the Jimmy the Groundhog Facebook page? The event has moved to Cannery Square across from City Hall.
I just have to take a minute and say that the winning touchdown for the NY Giants was the best touchdown I've ever seen haha...so awesome!
Writer-agent relationship should be friendly. Not go-out-and-get-beers friendly, but they should return your calls. Agents panel at
Means it smelled pretty rough. Ha!
I was hacked!!! :( How are you though? I did send you a real tweet the other day
the lady from Bradford constantly calls me & basically says all my life decisions will fail me and schedules me for a visit i don't want
Looks like it will be in the low 80s for #Mothers day in the #PDX area!
Quite the opposite Ken, I LOVE Janelle and her Boston accented mom. They are perfect disasters, and a complete guilty pleasure.
Hey no you didn't miss it, I did! We're having it this afternoon though :)
It was the exact same way for me. So I watched some interviews and saw her in X-Men and discovered she is amazing.c:
Some people really need to know what to wear and what not to wear.
Checking out the new show #Girls on Anyone else watch?
Are you ever coming to Miami in this lifetime??? #dontbelieveyou lol how are youu bbygirrrl
Tuning out of work, tuning in to #pebblebeach. Like seeing Tiger and Phil paired on Sunday. LOVE seeing Lefty kicking Tiger's ass.
Retirement Planning Seminars this week! Wednesday & Thursday. Call us @ 614-543-1350 if we can help someone you know!
"Anything I’ve ever done that ultimately was worthwhile…initially scared me to death." -Betty Bender
Pretty Please! Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
I'm fuckin irritated
Bout to watch The Avengers in like 5 minutes with my teddybear (: (:
So does this girl -> We started a contest to remind ourselves to drink water. My gallon/day is crushing the comp.
#Itreallymakesmemad when a gurl is sexy then a mofo and when u get close to her, her puss smells!!!
Jamie Moyer is so old, his social security number is 1
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. - Aristotle
My friend who teaches Civ Pro at Brooklyn always has a great exam :)
finally on the train to DC
“: Sitting in my car eating subway, (veggie delite), diet coke and listening to npr. #sundayafternoon” billionaires are just like us!
damn that's a drive
lol oh calm your tits (: it was a good competition ! (: the final 4 were all good
Pussy wetter than an ocean!
And let's not forget the fin de siecle - In particular the ultimate novelist of ideas: Robert Musil
Had so much fun last night with We partied like rockstars!lol
That's a GREAT point : if we could talk to the Soviets w/ their 30K+ nuclear arsenal, why quickly resort to bombs over Iran?
You know what's even better than after-work yoga? Lying on the couch eating ice cream.
Yeah but I don't want to be in Wacksonville struggling too lol!
I'm sorry :/ but I really hope everything works out (:
Hitler and Napolean both only had one testicle. Have a great day :)
no cake for you.
remember to pack light so you can hit the fish market up it is fine to put dry ice in your luggage in case you were wondering
Torn between reading Eugenio Montale and reviewing a contract.
Who likes biology projects raise your hand!!..oh wait. NO ONE DOES
he better sit down dome where he font want it
. No, not sure where ur at, but im set w the quarians and in a big thing w cerebus. Just finished big asari world mission. U??
"Be led by your dreams, not pushed by your problems."
YOU'VE NEVER HEARD OF THEM?! LoL!
thats why were so SEXY !!! (;
honestly? I find none of these provocative. #10's arrogant assumption that MLS's will only want to work in higher ed is annoying.
Follow LiLLiEs Cafe on Facebook as well!
Bumblebee is my favorite.
thanks so much im a huge fan !!!
Morning, I slept well, we had a minor earthquake here at between 12:30 am and 1 am :)
Wow - well thank you for listening!
Instead of anticipating the worst prepare yourself for the best.
no thanks.
Happy Birthday, I love you.
i think im getting a fever #YEE that way on Tuesday i dont have to go back to school lol :-)
The federal budget kind of sounds like my college meal plan.
Both feature (as they enter NFL)- big arm, great deep ball, great speed, durability concerns, lack of pro sys. exp
If you eat somewhere that much...yikes. ;) RT : My life is complete now that is following me.
really nice event. Good dialogue
There isn't enough cheese in our fridge.
Working on planning events for by amazing H.O.P.E. founder Andi Scull in Feb & a musical theater Research & Pizza in April.
Your a bitch. Calm the fuck down
Well, it the "Show Me" State... Show us how big of an asshole you are and we'll induct you into our hall of fame?
bahaha me an Sam were talking about that night where I kept telling you I was Cupid & I was gonna find you a girl !!;b
Great compliment E! RT : imma 49ers fan but you be puttin in work man!!! i hope you get what you deserve homie!!!!
RT “ Good luck to my baby ”
you have to learn to shoot first.
Follow Me Back!
: Jeremy Boggs - Humanities Design Architect (of Dreams), UVa Library Scholars' Lab; Wizard of Web Aesthetics
Sometimes when I'm bored I try on my girlfriends clothes.
Follow my tweets! is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!;)
SAVE THE DATE: Tune into C-SPAN on Sat, May 12 from 9:15-10am ET for a review of the 2012 AP Government Exam
Wondering when exactly it was that Erdogan decided to single-handedly explode Turkish diplomatic relations
Nature sighting: 11 baby quail out for their first jaunt with parents. I squee'd out loud, and they ran and hid. But I couldn't help it.
WHO ALL IS AT THE BOTTOM LOUNGE TONIGHT!!! Lol
I was recently in ur area speaking at Unity of Wimberley. It's nice to meet u on Twitter. Welcome!
Alrighty & I threw up tool descrip & pilot project topic + sources
One more round!!
Be on the look for a new #Valentines day mixtape by me! #King Tex in da studio baby!
He said details on site soon. Interior photos from Town Hall insanely beautiful.
Don't feel like cooking tonight? Buckets of wings await you at Quaker Steak & Lube...
we'd be happy to help if you are still looking for an attorney. Give our office a call. 619.794.0243
My experience is we burn.
I am looking for a good Spanish intro text w/ lots of learning methods and multimedia (for tutoring purposes). Any suggestions?
*Stoke* Or maybe subliminally I meant 'The Strokes'
ok then, did you get anyone today?
Back in Seattle after very demoralizing Commerce trip, lost every single session for a week in 4080-200/4 mix and lhe in some amazing games
Fuck you YouTube ¬
Mahomies,,, i need you're help. I'm gonna make a video for Can you help me to tweet him about my video so he can see (:! XO
i want to start a secret society...
was starting to root for the Dutch until they started kicking people in their chests.
The Redskins are going to need Peyton next year based on their opponents for next year. Yikes.
Somedays (like today) I need some extra help being fierce. On those days I rock my lady blazer.
how does it feel to become and overnight viral media sensation?
YES. WE ARE GOING TO STEVES THIS WEEKEND. <3
Same with Maddie but she's dumb and won't come. She sugested wednesday to thursday. that really won't work.
correct. Guess Bubba not chasing the money. Being w newborn son his priority
looking good.
"I think and think and think, I've thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it." - Jonathan Saffron Foer
#TerrificThursday have a kick ass day sexy Logan :)
An archaeological trove - The Virginia Gazette
ugh wipe and flush
Does anyone have contacts in any of the New York Hospitals? If so in box me? We want to get them involved in the Congo Cause!
Okay, now that we've jammed everyone's feeds, y'all can go back to your regularly scheduled days.
it's Lisa HJ from One. definitely follow me here, too.
whoop whoop Dark skin ....
Trying my best to keep up. FB,twitter,wrk,studio time,now they got. Voxer! Goodness I got it
I'm reading some of Thomas Adams' 1614 sermons. And getting a migraine because of some bad things I ate yesterday. Then I see this:
Hey Terrance! Long time no see!
will do bro - hope y'all are well
#Yankees are getting spanked! Changing the channel.
Celebrate National Peanut Month!
The worst mistake I ever made was messing up what we had. I can't help but think if I'd never gone to college we could still be together :(
Are you still renting? Not sure you can afford a home? Call today to learn more about our 1st time homebuyer programs. (858) 376-1299
I love Sugar Ray Allen
Karl-Heinz Oehler takes stage @ #HCM2012 to discuss fact-based talent decisions.. flew in from Switzerland to rock the house!
Scorching hot day. #smrt circle line is not running. Buses are taking almost forever and causing lots of problems.
thanks for the reminder. How could I forget! Amazing how you can get that good at golf in such cold weather all the time
... I'm a pirate and your my Booty! ;)
you're very welcome!
Hahaha on shuffle, the song that was playing when Scott Scanlon learned to dance right before he shot himself just came on Spotify!
Fixed middleware linking WorldCat to records in Mason's catalog. Suspect it's been broken since PHP 4.2!
Not just another pretty face
thanks! enjoy your holiday!
I wish I had a flying car to fly over the traffic.
Congrats on the success!!
uh huh.
hook me up with an invite for Google+?
I feel better than expected this morning. Still pretty crummy, but no fever.
I think it's still Ben's...
Lol dudes on twitter who can tweet "follow my guy " and not feel gay <<<LOL
I like seeing your profile picture in the am. Smile
that is adorbs.
Watching Adele win all these Grammys is literally the least surprising thing I've ever seen on live tv. Who doesn't love her at least a bit?
i got it from they said everyone could use it
up the marble stairs, to the left of registration
Nice! down 15 lbs myself! Work it!
We are looking for a San Diego Sales representative! If you know anyone have them email w/ a Resume! Thnx
I Freakin Love That I Was Born/ Live In TN! I Have Lived Here For All Of My 14 Years Of Living! :)
i stand by and repeat my earlier tweet...florida is making you dumb.
bummer. although, ill of course stop in to say hi to niki. hey, i still need your rec on where to get glass for those windows.
I can literally see the water under my skin.
we are going to be perfect roomies!! 
or sum dumb guy.....“: Gon Xi Fa Chai everyone! Happy Chinese New Year! Duck & Pak choi on the menu for me :)”
I love the 80's feather cut.
J Rich was*
weird, it was two people interviewing jordan in the very beginning, he's got a black shirt on.
I've said it once I'll say it again: I love being a turtle! And I love my inlaws. Yes I said it. I love my inlaws
bro if you find one, I'm in.
A big time game with No alcohol served?? How does that work? Go to bigdaddysports.blogspot.com
#NeverForget me :D
Recycle artisan’s psyche: crazy rubbish worshiper, thinks ordinary is boring, “factory art” is tacky & inventing/creating is play time.
Getting a good taste of the natural disaster that is LA traffic.
I like the sound of Pima Patch.
might make that trip down to Tupelo,Mississippi to see some friends while i'm home
your first tweet in 132 days. i'm honored.
Getting our "land legs" back after an amazing break is proving to be a little more difficult than expected. #scheduleinterrupted!
yes! RT : First day for and Welcome to #digiorg ... Best team ever.
What is up with the officials in Boston? They need to be fired! Go Celtics!
youre welcome young lady
Happy 18th birthday you have come a long way.
for real ?
If the music is good enough, I may just start a dance party up in this bitch.
Well, one day, me and my mom were having an argument about me not completing my homework on time (regular teenager stuff) and I came up w...
: We're here at my party and a couple people got killed.. Chad: I brutally murdered someone but no big deal...
LOVE at the Mirage a MUST see on your Vegas to do list! Incredible!
some of yall got me laughn on here like heck tonight
Diagnostic tools help with student confidence, time management features help with anxiety
Maybe this? RT : Firefighters responding to 136 R street Ne for a shooting
brain damage to ya cat don't manage...
All of them.
Fans of Historical and Literary fiction... watch for Katherine Ann Meyer's debut novel, Grosvenor Square, to be released in July!
Whats in Orlando for you?...oddly enough I miss Orlando too
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
hey Smosh can I get a follow, it would be great to be followed by you guys...on twitter too lol
Experimenting continues...... labwork!!
The contest will end Sunday (March 18th) at high noon (EST). We will select 2 winners at random.
It's cool the NBC hockey announcers are talking about the Tigers, I can't wait until opening day
My mind goes so deep in thought sometimes, to the point where I have to remind myself I'm only 16. I've got forever to figure things out.
Good morning my beautiful peeps...
I see your face and I can breathe
crushing rays, that lifestyle isn't a choice
i got good sleep
Sweeten up the office today with beautiful and delicious cupcakes. Its Professional Administrative Day.
Now Yankees fans everywhere will get a glimpse of what it's like to lose games in the ninth. Welcome to reality for 29 other teams.
That's y i picked a credit union in the 1st place, any good ones left?
I give ya 10 points
New GreenNote tools coming soon. Direct funding, no waiting! Money from donors when you need it. Yeah, it's going to be good.
I dont work tomorrow! :)
#WelcolmeToBaltimore where legends give up there dreams bc they think they are in love.
Fortune sides with him who dares. -Virgil
"Karl Marx invented the Internet" -
Spent the evening with a boisterous neighbor. Best way to watch the #worldseries and your team loses.
#NW Styled by June #PYT pretty young thug
Hey everyone go follow ~~> he's awesome and you so wont regret it!! #MUSTFOLLOW <3
The Ricketts family should have a reality show called "Life With Joe", telling the story of how each of the kids has to deal with their Dad.
Sweet! Just a reminder (even though I've only done it twice) I'd def recommend contacting some of the hosts yourself:)
I just wanna do something this weekend.. haha
I don't want to be nudged...
but I know it's fucked up haha
I despise your kind RT“ Who has time to watch (care about) regular season games? Not me! Come October... go #Braves!”
Rather a late supper.
Recovery includes forgivness
not yet, but you needa tell me everything. Lets meet up soon, yeah?
The cast of #CHILDREN has a day off today before previews start tomorrow. Rest up, kids!
When people think they are funny, because they break hearts twice in a row. :/
Watching Glory Road I freakin LOVE this movie!!!!<3<3
Agree w you about the Kindle price pt. Are they waiting to blow it out for Christmas?
getting ready for leg 17.
good morning my lovies, have a wonderful, blessed and amazing day today, love the Lord with all your heart and mind and lean not on ur own
i'm glad you finally began truly hash tagging yourself
I'm invoking the little-known exemption for Indiana Jones quotes.
today is a crazy day !
How did it work for you?
time for a coma;)
Everyday I'm shufflin..
#BackInTheDayWhenIWasAKid we had cool fucking shows like Keenan and kel not my little pony
oh gosh lol but I'd have to agree
D3 good luck wishes going out to B.L., R.P. & A.G. today. Also, a sincere D3 congrats to H.T. & C.R.!
College Football! Ohio State vs. University of Miami!
+1 : Startup Success Secret #5- Co-founding Team. Pick co-founders not just based on complementary skills on great chemistry
Excited to see make the #WDS session cut as well! Can I get a "line ticket" for that one (like at sporting events)?
Have an inspiring, uplifting Sunday y'all! Choose gratitude!!x
Hi ABQ gals! We're looking for more writers for GalTime Albuquerque. If you're interested, let us know at
TGIF! Kentucky Derby 2mrw -- so excited! I'm putting on my BIG hat and watching the MOST EXCITING 2 MINUTES in sports!
Safe travels!
Looking forward to starting 's "What I Saw and How I Lied" for my YA Book Club.
The ASE team has arrived in Vegas and is heading over to the Nightclub and Bar Show. Hope to see you there.
her half n half ass don't speak fluent Lmao. She be helping me a lil
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Google+ Posts Now Tracked and Searchable on Topsy
Just hit a raccoon...
Imitation is a form of thievery.
I mean...when's the last time you could walk into a eastcoast Champs (they're still around, right?) & get UCLA gear? 1995?
..it is happy!
And listening to #U2 while I cook it.
Beach tomorrow loving this weather for now til it gets too hot
Debating on whether or not to go to Japan-Fest tomorrow...
yup im callin the cops as we speak
I booked a night at the ritz, so I can put them between your tits
"We learned... a Counter-Poyson against the filthy venemous water... It intoxicates the Brain, & makes one giddy." R. Knox on 'bhang,' 1673
having worked both, find the regulator process is much more transparent. Of course, cong. just starves them.
There is still hope for the crown of England. The close race on the table continues with great anxiety & joy.
Now time to get in my own workout. Workout #2 today is 4 miles and upper body work!
time for a fresh pot?
Red Bull and DDR music. What am I, a freshman?
Haha my friends stole my phone xP
It's the Wonder Years theme!
Why is all news now Ed-Op? What happened to unbiased and factual?
I have not watched it yet!! Can't wait!!!
They say 7.4 now, still quite large. RT : Hearing of an unconfirmed, (unconfirmed) 7.6 super quake hitting Mexico.
The battery on my phone dies so fast
Halftime and the score is 0-0.
crazy well have a good day :)
well if they parents don't got a job how they gonna play ps3 online then? No Internet for them then
Totally! Anybody doing live projected Twitter/Blog feeds on the wall?
WeLoveRianDawson , do you?
I wish I was a surfer. They're all chill, and shit. That's on my summer to do list.
On the freeway
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
- Telegraph. I'm sending a wire to 1881 Kansas.
Jay kay, you taste like (*insert your favorite flavor here)
Consulting services include mentoring and assistance of migration of CE8 classes to Bb9.1
WHAT'S UP!!! I got plenty of Love for the both of u... However, u are a Brewers fan, so I have to give the edge to u
Get 10% off all their services with your go local card! Check out their website for the amazing services they offer! #Go Local
; #3WordsForYou - move on already.
do you play
So ready to go home, really not feeling work tonight
Start to get in your orders for the Indy Reads Holiday Chocolate Sale. Call 275-4040 for more information!
Solution to economy is more de-regulation? Governor, are you freakin' kidding us?
Teaching Internet research skills to 30 people at a time with no projection or screen share is incredibly frustrating and exhausting.
Funny moring at the school upstairs. There was a conflict for 42 seconds
Homework before class :) getting shit done!
"Nothing that happens on Leap Day counts." -- #30Rock I hope everyone is having an awesome #LeapDay!
you guys are in #BeastMode! Good Luck!
just told me that I was serial-killed in her nightmare. Scary morning.
Tonight was awkwardly fun and intresting..
Hey thanks for the invite to Spotify, I have an account under animemiz.
Totally digging' #brunomars performance
Thanks, that confirms it. Now I can say "I researched it, when I'm only "planning" to drive past my old house and H.S.
sorry I missed it... I was invited but couldn't make it due to appointment and drive.
Oh yeah!!! #GRIZZNATION Grizz-freakin-Nation!!! Got the W. Trying to get that home court advantage. Can't stop the #Grind baby!!!
hello gorgeous!!!
Someone just prank dialed me from Steven's number...but it was a fail because he was right next to me
Ashlee Simpson - Pieces Of Me via FF karaoke. #Best!
cue the despair #20yearswhatthe&$@
It has been too long since I updated!!! Shame on me. Happy Thansgiving to all!!
Publishers vs. Libraries: An E-Book Tug of War
late night, about to do some work son! #i'mbackandheretofuckshitup
Hit a split on the dick , shawty act up . bring it back bring it back bring it back , you can act you can act . ACT a Fool.
np babes . S/o too you also :) stayy in touCh
I am not only a Lakers fan because of Kobe, but I am DETERMINED to go to a Lakers game before he retires...it WILL happen.
back??? Like he was with you in your room?
Cant wait for it. Have a great weekend
Honored 2 be up @ 3am 2 tell HAPPY 16th Bday as he goes 2 airport 2 meet n Haiti. I LOVE & AM SO PROUD OF U DYL!
New video will be up very soon!
I feel the same!
yeah I know but I don't think I'll get one until I get a steady income. I'll talk to mom about it
Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude. - Dale Carnegie
In your example of 60s civil rights marches, "racism is bad" is also a platitude. So, using your logic, you can minimize that
So tired!
hey ryan! Today is my birthday it would mean so much if you said happy birthday(;
My account with Mozy ended. I need another backup service that has unlimited backup for computer and external drives. Any Recommendations?
I marked any thing on dese damn test
Corolla+snow+ Raton, NM to Glorieta road =toughest 100 miles thus far. The bus that zoomed past in unplowed lane was in ditch 5 mins later.
I am almost outrageously excited to eat food that isn't craft services.
Timing is everything. I beat the rain by 5 minutes.
I would cook for my girlfriend.
Every time I contemplate upgrading GitM to MT 5.0, I get scared off by the lack of easy mode. "Fresh install" sounds like courting disaster.
I failed 8D
And night.
People are wicked o. Damn !.
How To Keep A Relationship = be honest, be faithful, be giving, be open minded 2 each others opinions, & put each other first. RT if u agree
it was great!! Thanks so much!
Google Argues for Dismissal of Authors' Book-Scan Lawsuit - Bloomberg
About to smash bis and tris with and Charlotte Quillen.
at the very least I know I'll be open limping and min raising a ton, events are 9 handed right?
Of course would have BB King's photo gracing the bar
yes unbelievable! Maybe he had 17 days off?!?!
Thanks for the info.
definitely getting food from a #DCFoodTruck today.
Tip: Warm up by walking briskly or jogging slowly for several minutes.
tell me more about this chocolate cheese...i'm very interested.
u welcome
April will honour the President General of the ANC, Cde Josiah Tshangana Gumede who served as the President of the ANC from 1927 - 1930.
blessings and happiness to you always...
That 70's Show >>>
Crean has us all on the right path!
Hey hows it going Man we have a track for Rihanna and Drake we are trying to place. Get back at us
“: The "fresh" strawberries in my frozen yogurt are still slightly frozen. #firstworldpains”
yes, cOlombian ;)
I sure was, big fan of - they do awesome work!
Iowa storms the court after upsetting #15 Wisconsin. Really?
Hey there (:
I'll guarantee u if #TwitterBaseball ever played at Citi and we had a "Even Roberts/Joe Beningo BobbleHead Day"
RT : Zunino steals second. His eighth on nine attempts.
no way jose! Haha
Clearly a mistake. Complain to authorities.
#teenageproblems why can't I have a real job? it's illegal, unless you work anywhere other than America. well...
hell yeah beeeetch let's get stoned to the bone and tweet the shit out of it.
I originally thought Heat in 5 but I'm changing it to Heat in 7
Reminder! Brand new live tonight at 8pm PST with the always awesome ! We're tearing Tim Burton a new one!
I check my twitter and no 1 has followed me sense then....... *BOOP*
sue me
Thx new followers Next week we're giving out 10 $100 gift cards stay tuned
I need someone to come visit me so I can use my guest passes for Disney. Cough cough.
I'm back to staying to myself its better that way
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you do well; and doing well whatever you do, without a thought of fame
haha finally :p HI AMANDA!!! :D
Had a very nice time today with ministry leaders at The Rock Church. A group of people who truly care about others. Thx for inspiring me!
sounds like you had a good trip! Let's connect when you get back into ATX.
That awkward moment when your eyes meet with someone else's 
did you get my text
Don't even have the time for it...
Starting a new chapter. Letting go of all the drama, all the BS, and all the hatefullness. It feels so good to finally let go.
If u want to exp all the successes&pleasure in life,u have to be willing to accept all the pain&failure that comes with it- Mat Hoffman
blessed are those who write boring history paper and spend their weekend in the library, for theirs is good grades...
sleepy, tired, tired, sleepy...
have a great weekend rewinding !!!!
COLD ASS FUCK RITE NOW IN THE CHI. BUT THAT'S WHAT THOSE MINKS FOR (PLAYER)
RT this for a chance to win a ticket (or more!) to on Thurs at ! The more responses - the more y'all get!
It's Ada Lovelace day. Celebrate women in sci and tech by following this fab list of female tweeters, thx to bit.ly/qpA0c3
It was one of the last people - he didn't speak for long, but it was just a simple and effective story. I wish I had that slide!
#ItsHardTo ... Let go of the past.....
Any last advice on your post-doc app? Exciting position
Another awesome evening:o)
Hey everybody! In & out of the design studio - sourcing for new collection - arriving very soon in the fall - glam pieces to be spotted! NY
We'll get Marc Summers on the horn for a consult. Things are gonna get weird.
Back to the grid. . . I can live with a productive Monday. Gym tonight so necesary
when are you coming back here?
the accuracy of mood and situation of music on "shuffle" amazes me
aw I wish I could! Maybe someday! =D
A beautiful, crisp day in New England...perfect for lovely outdoor shots. Fall is not here. I promise.
You had me at hello, and lost me at goodbye. And everything in between, I guess it was a lie.
At work not feelin good at all :}
#Truth RT ": Hard work pays off laziness will keep you broke"
you're beautiful and I miss you D:
You know....I'm pretty sure a basketball player never thought about the projectile motion and velocity of his shot....Oh AP Physics
Thanks for mentioning us! ^SZ
What keeps me going is goals. - Mahummaad Ali
ok bet idk what imma do im off dis weekend im fuckin wit a bottle
Okay, I'll forgive you this time. You interrupted my morose thought...
Hold Me Like The River Jordan And I Will Then Say To Thee You Are My Friend
Saying the first and last name of the person you don't like.
Taylor: guys something is smoking.. the machine is smoking ! guy: it's a smoke machine. Taylor: oh..
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: no accidents to report so far this morning
not that taco bell is ever a good choice for dinner, but it's currently battling it out with the run i just put it through.
i got spanked 3-6 4-6 the guy has an amazing ability to hit baseline winners!
lonely is not a good feeling -sigh-
Slows bbq by old Tiger stadium, great food and beer selection RT anybody know any good places to eat in Detroit?
Thank you!!! Sheesh! RT : wish people would stop saying was "small". He's just short. Big difference.
Attn #event #planners! Have you ever worked on a very small, intimate #outdoor #wedding? 20 ppl or less? Would love to hear about it!
An injured and seemingly helpless Miami Heat try to slow the Hawks who are flying high on a 4 road game win streak tonight in Miami
currently just josh but always looking for new talent
Thanks Sis. U have to just do it.
I lost all my numbers cuzz
Super excited to start working on project with
It's too bad that #TNA does not even generate a very small fraction of today's buzz with BGF.
Just thought I'd mention that the Summer Twins album is fantastic.
sends congrats to ! SF will shine with you as CIO.
follow me please?? <333 (:
ty so much! its been a long journey full of ups n down! never gave up even when i thought i wanted to. going to bed now! night
I hope Scotty wins or James wins if they dont tear :) ;( both
Seriously! It is a great version of the Husy, especially for people with brown hair. I love it!
Welcome! Has he made any new songs lately?
so do i lol
what up bro
We do hand-crafted e-books. No commodity listings. Original plots, unrestrained, masterfully edited. "Where reality and fiction collide".
its a marine corps term for when the Corps fucks u over
Thanks Barbie- See you soon!
Me and my boo... The little one
hoping to come to LA in May. Will you be around rockstar?
Ah....skeet skeet skeet skeet skeet skeet!! No way man. Keep it popping .
Dev was just on Tinychat she's cool. Did I miss Adam? Could he have heard us if we live video chatted? I always miss everything epic. Ugh.
Of course Groupon waits till I move to DC before doing a skydiving deal.
GREAT discussion today, everyone!
6 minutes and counting.
I wish somebody would figure out a way to make espresso drinks without the "clunka clunka clunka clunka" racket required.
Get out and see sky sailing and paragliding right here in ABQ. They're all featured in See the movie, see the balloon museum!
We miss you ! FYI: While you've been trapped in Jury duty, you got a present! Come back soon!!
whats up with the nexus2 expansion? it was up like 2 days ago and now its gone?
cnt wait to to hear new tracks from ya
By the time this grad ceremony is over my girlfriends flowers will be dead
Instead of elections we should vote on removing words from the English language. I am voting for removal of "Like" as in "I was like..."
Stuck in Houston airport.
I'm looking for sponsorship!!!! Hook it up!!
The response video is pretty devastating. . . Ouch. I'd hate to work at that shitfest ESPN right now.
good morning to u to
Okay, the Google zipper doodle is cool, but it's starting to get on my nerves.
that is such a frustrating road to me. Baltimore had such a great highway plan that just got completely tossed for politics.
#hbrchat - A bizs only altruistic endeavor should be creating an employee culture that facilitates altruism
As bad as Gucci Mane sounds remember family he's still family and even a man such as himself can change and move into right knowledge.
Sunday Tardeada & Dance -- "just about the most fun you can have w/ your clothes on" -- April 17th, 4-8pm: lospochos.com
Thanks for following!
Econ test was a pass...ha
People, you have to lose the fat in your gut before you will notice a change in your abs.
Lucky guess! Do you speak Spanish or Portuguese?
my 1st performance as an #Actor was as a cookie in SF ballet's production of The Nutcrakcer... yes i was adorable
Explaining your side to someone who does not want to listen and understand you is like using a pencil that was not sharpened, it’s pointless
Due to Hurricane Irene, Mika Tajima's artist talk at has been canceled tomorrow night! We hope to get it rescheduled
We're way past this play, fellas. Move on and #GoPackGo!
Thanks for the retweet, ladies! :-)
im good focused and ready to do this
Def Leppard on America's Got Talent.... #wow they are old now
I don't care who it is, they're annoying me... I'm trying to sleep
When God is love. Love doesnt hurt. If it hurts...it needs to go. -Niambi Steele
and more knit caps!
dizamn! That's promising
Party time ☺
when do u get off
my heart hurts.
Who the heck reads a book and walks their dog?
have fun :P
Think ima do some push ups... and then stop so i can look like i did way more than what really happened
Man, these little phone stores are crooks!
LOL....not that serious they taste just fine dry
how cute.
if there was some sort of rule that made players stay for 4 years, they would be able to beat them in their senior year
They same time is money but really it's not
A resounding YES to so-called "gay" marriage; I happen to be in favor of marriage per se.
that would be more like we were out for dinner with a friend.
Staggering, for sure. Hopefully this helps parents realize how important sound mechanics are to their sons.
I'm at L.A. Fitness on Hollywood Blvd, working out before my family reunion to counter the calories of Mom and Yolanda's fabulous cooking.
^-^ by the way.. said she loved & missed you too <3 RT <3
I need a ride home....
4 fingers, neat. Keep them coming.
there is another one in July, August, and October.
lunch presentations today: Tom Michel, SJ on Muslim-Christian Relations in Turkey and Joseph Selling on the Goals of Moral Living
And now I want MORE.
So there! Lol.
thank you hun, i made it! (:
First round losses for me, maybe next year guys?
I got this drink in my cup!
RT Ethics Commission votes to require parties to disclose all donors, including those who give less than $100.
#ItsABootyCallWhen She Show Up In Leggings Cause You Know She Ain't Got NO FUCKING PANTIES ON! #Bingo Lol
Guy went and got himself a perm
oh srry got my days mixed up lol my bad dood and yep see you soon
My omegle froze so it's not working anymore but I guess I'll talk to you on here loll sorry!
we think you're pretty cool too!
Thanks Kristian! I miss AZ and everyone there too!
Hi Tom! I apparently dressed up as your book cover for #TxLA12 yesterday. Leslie has proof.
Whenever I hear the song "Whoop that Trick" I want to smash stuff.
Paul just won back some cool points
Ah Monday you came too fast!
Fear is only as deep as the mind allows. -Japanese proverb
Creative meeting with client The New EbonySteele.com is about to Launch!!!!
Sweet! What's your favorite takeaway so far?
Listen always keep to your self ain't nothin wrong with having friends just keep your circle as small as a cheerio if smaller the better
i got 10th row for wings/kings tonight thanks to marwan. today is christmas.
RT : far out! He needs a #WienerUp shirt!
I love me some
Despicable me and pizza whatta great Friday :)
HAH, Yessir. Call or text to order and then you can come pick up near UIC. Im generally home 12-3 but Ill also tweet when Im in
Wow... surprised, but not really.
texts wont sendd!
Missing sailor's wife and friends plead for help in finding him. Criticize Navy for not doing enough. SD Police also searching
I can't wait to watch! You were cheated on the x factor. You should have been in the finale. :-)
And we can learn!
Fills my heart with absolute joy -- JOY -- to see the West Memphis 3 is trending and to learn why. Justice at last?!
#FF Social Media Mavens
popov is vodka, thought the large plastic bottle u were carrying around the other night was popov, pretty soft that it wasn't
NEW BLOG: Top 25 Sexual Violence Activists: A Long Walk Home
haha. Nice :D
Its the apocalypse, last night, everyone slept for 2 years, it is now 2012. :(
there looks to be a decent happy hour from 4-6 at the restaurant/bar attached to Hotel Ivy. $3 beer, and not bad beer.
I think I'm gonna start using this Twitter thing more often.
walking over now
Monday tests are of the devil.
Why would y'all sign up for that?? #dumbos RT : Still defrosting from jogging class
Is u still gay n scared to walk out the closet?
#FF duh you fucks...that's how we're writing and demoing our new record! Dig it.
You are in luck! Check out the online singing academy with You'll love it!!!
i would give my left lung for some tim hortons right about now.
omg nis they got so big!
I suggest a tirade on
Curious about being Out & Abroad? Join us tomorrow night in the Batza Room from 7:00-8:30 for a presentation from Prisim and OIS!
I'm following ....just for you(:
Summer concerts so far for 2012: July 16th and #DemiLovato August 4th!
RT RT : #HealthyMasculinities via ANON: No promiscuity double standards!
The Kings are taking it to the Blues!!
Okay cool... Personal message me
Wow Rex Ryan had liposucktion! Good for him
. where is this morning? Would love to here his thoughts on this very hot topic being discussed by you all this morning.
Add Plunder Road to the list of solid crime movies that are also road movies.
wow, state investigs+feds+nfl ALL coming at Saints from just about every angle. seeing a rough season ahead for this powerhouse. #formerly?
I want to be when I grow up. Who else would have capitalized on Charlie Sheen's meltdown to increase adoptions??
great match at SNS last night!!! Your becoming one of my Fav's to watch for skill & technique!
I just finished the chest armor for Gordon's HEV suit today. Got my girl friend to be Alyx Vance too. Pics to come
Aww, was suspended? But it was hilarious! No fair.
what a fantastic tune #mirroroflove to end the show on ....well done & lol @ god1
#IWantBTRAutograph please choose the 3rd winner already, i hope its me :) or my other twitter page
When you type something in all caps, I think you just don't know how to fucking use "fuck" like "FUCK" was meant to be used.
Ravens vs Texans game better than I was expecting....
Choir trip tomorrow, means no spanish :3
Thanks for the birthday love, I appreciate that!
Excellent (but no surprise)
YOU GOT IT! :: more "chris othic says" tweets, please
can not run that is no space darn twitter more characters just 8 more damn you!
"Resurrection Cookies and other Christ-centered Easter ideas." Gotta love
Idk how the fuck I'll survive this day
have you gotten checked out yet?
If you have perfect abs, an amazing body, and flaunt it online...don't get pissed when a Fag likes your photo lol
if shes gonna treat me like that then im gonna treat her the same way back.
Had a fun time picking cigarettes out of my yard thanks everyone 
Hippies don't keep track of time.
Had Gyro for the first time today and it was bomb
A raindrop falling on your cheek is like a kiss from someone that lives in heaven and is watching over you... Miss you Tata & Abuelito <3
That is so sweet. Take lots of pictures please!! BTW the Entebbe Zoo is really worth checking out if you have time!
Finally got into the crow pose at #yoga this morning. Success!
5:00 AM Strength and Conditioning... pumped!
I will have to post pics for my loyal fans after I do damage control lol
...meaning that the loud voices, people trying to be right by making others wrong - it's sick and wasteful.
Coloboma of the iris is a hole or defect of the iris of the eye. Most colobomas are present since birth.
Canada and maybe South Africa.
Wow, USA dominating Finland now 5-0 in the 3rd. Not what I expected, but great way to bounce back after that Kazakhstan game.
So, lucky! LA is totally the best place to be to find the fame/fans you need! Girls must be in love with you lol
remind me tomorrow to talk to you about memorial day, if you still wanna go with us!
