never felt so alone in my life
throw some reggaeton back at him!
Joe thanks for the follow Judy
fun comment of the night: "you look like Malibu Barbie"
Will hit you back later on Ann B Davis. Trying to get confirmation for Ariel Sharon's publicist.
OH at Red Feather: do you have like Coors Light or something?
Theres no light by king taco!
already know!
I'll be happy when these NYE plans get figured out so my phone will stop blowing up! LOL
Wtf ..this twitter shit.. i just saw this.. andd sorry I guess I was just remembering your party was the 30th when are you home?
Finally these pain killers are kicking in. I'm in too much pain.
Nice video - only slightly embarrassing :)
Seek to understand before being understood. ~Steven Covey
"when the plane lands in the hudson it's too late to learn about twitter" From 's talk on social media
The only honest art form is laughter, comedy
I am embarrassed to be a Sounders season ticket holder now.
HAHAHA your weird..... JUST KIDDING HAHAHHA im just gonna stop laughing :D
Get some counseling. Don't allow people to change the greatness that you have to offer.
How can I see who (name of the Twitter account) that RT my tweet?
Lmao me to. Why yo cellphone go automically to voicemail.
lol 1D arent even a band, none of them play instruments :p
Bad Company (1972): Excellent episodic tale: boys going west to avoid the civil war. Early Jeff Bridges is as great as old Jeff Bridges. 4:5
I'm interested to hear how it goes. It would be really cool to do an app - just can't think of an idea!
I NEED a visit soon!!
Saw The Fighter last night. Very good. Better than I expected. The big hair of the sisters was Oscar-worthy!
Join us in wishing a very Happy Birthday two of our crew, Creature FX artist Don Bumgarner and Sound Designer Julian Evans.
#NPinDSE Led Zeppelin - Stairway to Heaven
Love mighty mouse
How does a Doctor add text/phone/social media/increased face-to-face time w/patients and not lose $ from 3rd party payors?
Lamborghinis were figment of my imagination, who ever thought the fignets this nigga would be making.
And Elias bleeds for his team...
Would you help me get to 1,000 Followers :) ♥ Thank you soo much
"Protein" is a euphemism for meat-or-soy. As though you can't get protein from vegetables (which every cow, horse, and chimp does)
No no! No! Id want 2 go 2 the hospitial!! Ah! Stupid foot cramps!!! It's nothing reply if u agree!! RT if you don't know Say no if u don't
#HandsDown i will never back down i love a challenge
Don't text me. I'm in bed.
thanks bra
Thanks so much! Glad you enjoyed. We're proud to have you as a fan!
REALLY!?!?! OMG.......i don't know to be happy or sad...what if Justin was dumped!?
Had a dream and I were in a band (think #highschool, not ).We didn't practice the song & got kicked out. Naturally.
You say this, and yet my phone tells me you do not follow - in which real Larry King proves your point, x1,000
I refuse to write a line of code until I've had coffee.
oh I lose my phone at least once a week lol
This conversation is so Hot! :D
I have always been a huge admirer of Bob Richardson's bright highlights in Scorsese, Tarantino and Oliver Stone films. Great DP
is nutrition hard? I was thinking of taking it
hey homie, hope all is good man. < ya'll gotta check my dude out.
Glad you're reading! Heads up--very emotional book.
Love DT and my niece thinks you're hot. Would love to win that book for her!
- wow, congrats!!!
Watching American Dad
Concert at 12th and porter with the baby brother.
#Pop? RT : also averages as many home runs a year as Izturis has in career. The lineup needs all the pop it can get.
I'm so tired of being depressed. I loved him. Why did have to talk to his ex and say what he said. We could have been wonderful.
I actually thought to myself, "That means what I think it does, right?" lol Doubted myself bc of the non-reaction
What did your Mom say would happen if you didn't eat right?
Miami today, Jamaica tomorrow
twitter jail is for when you tweet 100+ in one day, ahaha
Become a RACK INSIDER & be among the first to receive info about upcoming RACK promotions. Sign up online or in store
Thats a good secret! r/t Secret word of the day "SAVE" gets u a meal for only $6 (Pita & Fries or Salad)
Was only curious because I do graphic design for a living. If interested, I could send you the link to my portfolio.
I want that shirt...
is that where you've been? #wilderness lol No internet there, huh?
Social networks ruin relationships
#gtd 4 of 4) My ipod classic full of MP3 books and GTD podcasts
if any car can make it Donald can! Japan here we come!
You're so funny! ( Elway and Manning )
- R.I.P Tommy H. Youu will be missed
Its goin down all day n nite....if u can catch up wit me I got u on a round of whatever u drinking on...#GoodLuckHappyStPattiesDay:)
Weird people make me feel uncomfortable.
Insanity is to do the same thing and expect different results
is it me:(
"I'ma do it do it, like I wanna do it. You don't know me like you ain't never known me before" Oh yeah! :)
Ladies :: Consider this:: If who ur feelin doesnt make u feel special & beautiful, .. it aint worth it.
I need some more friends
He looks better with a tootoo on
Busy night...great chat w/ my fashion hero who I loved interning for back in the day & Save the Music
Can't wait to see Leo In 3d
That true, Joe. Schenn is a total stud. My head is still spinning from all this!
Thanks, Lisa! I hope all is well!
Damn what was the murder weapon an follow me back
Intersection :-) Giants has the ball back :-0
We'll be closed #StPattysDay #Chicago but don't miss out on 3rd Annual 'Party on the Patio"
he definitely is, how do you stop him? He already has good chemistry with Steve Smith, Scary how good he will be
RIP Daniel Brett ❤❤❤❤😣
Just spent an hour doing Mr. P's packet
ha! I just #cant deal with you.
I will definitely check it out
Sammie has something for you guys later today, be looking for it
ok… time to play viedographer
go follow em! got some funny tweets and some good sounds.
Check the votes fo #Atticus vs. Saphira (ends at 5 pm). We need to pool our votes NOW. A blue dragon is kicking our arses. Vote at
He played a character named Floop. Spy Kids came out in 2001. When I see him on Masterpiece I think Floop.
You are the only you you can be. Without you, there is no you.
i honestly cant wait till the weekend!
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE🐰🐣🐥
Hey everyone, hope all is going well! I've got a joke for the day! Look below for the joke! Have a great day!!! :)
Wtf how the hell did the seahawks. Beat the ravens?
Excited to be at the United Way Pacesetter Lunch! Theme: The POWER of one gift!!
One has to have a soul that is cheerful by nature, or a soul made cheerful by work, love, art, & knowledge. -Nietzsche
Alexandra Lippman: Brazil govn't site staffer removed Creative Commons license logo b/c "advertisement", but YouTube, Twitter logos stayed
You're welcome, looking forward to your tweets.
#SUPPORT THE HARD WORKERS AND INDIVIDUALS WHO GET THE JOBS DONE!! #MUA #STYLISTS #PHOTOGRAPHERS #MODELS ETC.
RT : Thanks guys for an awesome lunch! Don't forget to vote for us as America's Fav Food Truck! 10 days left!
DANCE FOREVER IS MY FAVORITE OKAY? It has been decided because I love everything about that song. The bass, vocals, drum, guitar, AND video!
The Killers - The Rising Tide.
You can say that again!
sleep, i guess.
Thanks for the follow - I was born at LGH!
Does that mean we should start using our names?
gas stoves are the best
UK vs KU baby (dicky v voice)
Brit but can't stand beer; know my way around a wine glass only too well.
I miss my daughter so much.
Speculations >>RT : Rose with a torn ACL &amp; MCL? Has this been reported? Didn't see anything from or :/
but it interferes with my sleeping, and my bras
Hope everyone is having a GREAT Friday afternoon. Hello to al Print1Media's wonderful new followers!!!
When Sanchez comes off the DL for the giants, they should trade him. The market for good starters is terrible right now. Yanks? BoSox?
Realize that it's just one meal but a brand new day tomorrow!
Getting my hair done friday prolly!
#DemonicDerek 9 Years This one will be the most brutal and bloody year yet!!
Romney is a poster boy for sociopath/psychopath
I want to get a pair of polka dot rain boots
GIANTS get er done!!!
Ok, so JPMorgan lost 2 BILLION. Anyone realize that is about half of what one quarter net profits usually are? Not likely to go under.
Starting nine hours of classes tomorrow.
RT : Let's see the love KooKoo RT : this is good.. · lol will do..
lol it was a special bike to
The song my ex dedicated to me just came on tv ... Shoot me with all this bullshit -_- lmao
don't panic
it won't let me! Doesn't recognize Belgrade as a place.
PolitibooxUS Thank you for following! I look forward to future tweets!
look for the flyer its out there the bigeest christian party
I keep looking at my bank acct like money will miraculously appear. Like I just keep staring at it.
What does it say about my life that I know the codes for 3 Starbucks by heart?
Thanks. All credit to Caleb. I'm really just a robot :)
": Laughter is a proven way to lose weight." Then I should be a fucking skinny ass bitch.
#wow my nights just ending
is it a house or an apartment?
A reminder to all campaigns: When you suggest "Qs to ask the other campaign," those become the least likely Qs anyone will ever ask.
Pretty excited for the civic symbol suite release sometime this week?! cc
Gym was hilarious with and lol
Be happy!(:
Free < Easy at libraries. So true.
All right sac town get ready I'm gonna cinco ur de mayo.
Good to see Durant & OKC showing. Would bet a significant # of "fans" at Staples Center didn't know OKC had a team until now.
Why tha fuck would I buy u a teddy bear bitch u already Bi polar
I would love someone forever if they brought me Starbucks to school tomorrow morning! :) ☕
Got so many books to read that I can't get caught up! This is what happens when I'm busy & sick & stop reading for a while!
U need to re-evaluate your life if your a single guy's side chick.
Thanks! We're excited to help #startups like yours! Let us know what you need and we're there!
thanks for the follow! Keep up the great work with your terrific historic hotel. Terrific Colorado history.
He asked me to be he's Valentines..
Hi Susan - I love your Twitter background. Very eye-catching. Did you design it yourself?
Praying Colin Firth wins best actor!
It's storming 😱
If you want anything badly enough, you can find the willpower to achieve it.
Also no offense at all RT : No vertical game for Iowa right now.
#TheAvengers is pure joy. Now I'm going to eat some shawarma.
What a game last night!
please explain
Eddie Royal agreed to terms with the San Diego Chargers.
Why do burger places have to be so stingy with the BACON! Only 2 strips .. WTF! ! I WANT 10 strips mine ! SHIT! !
Finally done with Waverly.
So bizarre! :( Hope you find resolution.
i dont think she would have enjoyed my methods and you wouldn't either. Itd be a bloody mess!
Im @ jasons page now. Not showin anyone there...
I think it's funny when patrons tell the librarians to shush. :)
I don't know what has been worse: Garcia's pitching or the eyebrows of the woman attorney on the Cohen, Snyder commercial.
And I could get my students to make them. Assembly line!
M. : Hungry Century City? Here we come! 12-2pm 10345 W.Olympic Blvd!
“Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.”
Haha he is(: Some fems. are nice but he's like over board :D
haha, that f*#ing movie Hamlet 2...stupid but funny but with the added bonus of having been shot in
Does this lady not understand that i dont care that she hasnt had a man in 3 years.
I am a huge fan of the Great materials, especially for those who are new to the process.
I be playing your shit down here Texas bro
I think I see a real life pimp sitting right next to me at this bar lol
"I want to win the handbag #giveaway from ! Follow & RT to win!”
Getting a windows phone tour at the #ces keynote with microsoft
MWW Designs is on Facebook/Twitter/InstaGram/Pinterest/Google+ >>
"XML is a must. Semantic info is very important. After investing $30M CDN, all info is searchable." But 4 whom? Insiders? Public?
So you're saying I'm not going as far north as I need to...
Good morning friends, take a visit to Farm today & pick up any two top shelf grams for $30..our strain of the day is Super Silver Berry!
Do people from Philly really have an accent? People tell me I have one and I never know what they're talking about.
Afternoon nap, you are my best friend.
Congratulations to who WON the CTK HERO Award! It's Official! Thank you from City Hearts to everyone who voted!
Who's got a gig this weekend?
I wish was creepin haha. My science teacher was sing Eenie Meenie today in 6th per. Lol i love u!
my biggest concern is the line-up - I wish they would announce!
cuz we're awesome duh
abdc or abc? lol. RT : Harry potter on abdc family.. Oh yeah
thanks for all your help and enthusiasm
Pardon the Interruption is the best show ESPN has.
my friends didn't want ice cream. I need new friends...
"The greatest love of all is happening to me." - Whitney Houston Thank you Whitney. Good luck on the next journey...
Big Show Tonight- on #Seahawks and Division. recaps CCL win, on Seattle Hoops 930pm
Where did you hear this?!
”If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.” ~Mark Twain
Officially re-CPR certified! Card came today! :)
yeap , and xD , she sings very well
is looking at Twitter for the first time in 27 days... I'm gonna start following this on my phone, & see if I do better...
its super fun once you get used it!
Dont open any DM from me or anyone saying "someone is posting bad stuff about you" spam
that's so not funny.
SM Town LA? Too far away ;~;
yeah I was so shitty!!! She slammed into me hard lol
playing at the pool
Habitat 4 Humanity Meeting at 5pm in the Admin Room 304!!! Come now!!!!!!
Hi Melanie! Great meeting you on the One Love Cruise! Thank you for the interview! I am posting our pic together. Blessings..
... very important message in a noise filled world, where we never stop to think silently and deeply.
We do too! Those have been really great and fun to watch!
We are a little behind on our schedule but should cover all scheduled appointments. We however are not scheduling anymore repairs today.
Prayers to the Seau family..
man..... long day at the "office"..ready for some chillin' with the ole' IPA's..ya
fingers crossed “: hope Peter gets himself together. We will be praying for him here in Lynchburg.”
tell to check the streets of NYC. Lots of critter hats. #yeatwitter!
It's so early! I don't know even know why or how I'm awake lol
#LifeWasEasyBefore when I was in kindergarten, then crap all rolled downhill after that...Bring naps back!
u too - go somewhere cool!
The fact they think they are the shit MAKES them the shit!
...that activity acts as a jumping off point to discuss cultural implications of variations in vocabulary between L1 and L2. Just to start.
This company seems to be powered almost entirely on peanut M&Ms.
so was i ripped out turf buddy and planted it my yard
Custom orders. TEAL.
Your body will not run on 600 cals just because you want it to. Don't starve yourself. Fuel your body with healthy foods, you deserve it.
11:11 Is The Best Song In The Universe ♥
Thanks and for the retweet, here's hoping the spammers get the boot!
I'm leaving for an organized ghost hunt at an old mine and cemetery outside Vegas in Eldorado Canyon! S/b interesting....
Sitting in the exact same spot at #BU medical campus HR orientation as I did 3.5 years ago.
Me and are going to have some rockin socks!
You want to come drink in Canton? We're drinkin' on a rooftop deck
Baby will you Call me... The moment you get there...
Please go to my description to like my pic<3 I will follow you back!
Left hand, meet right. Right hand, meet left.
And so do the Clippers...mas putos
After years of feeding my addiction, the abruptly withdrew. Broke down and now am getting an actual paper Sunday times.
Thank you to our friends at Printing Solutions AZ for the shout out! Thank you for your continued support and your great work
Trying, but I can't think of anything decent enough not to change...
follow back!!!
": An #Aquarius female will never sit 2nd place to a man."
Thank you Alia for your warm referral to Anthony! We really appreciate your recommendation!
345: As long as I've been a member, my gym has been talking about new equipment. I'm thankful that today there were finally new bikes!
The Great Curve , All that you dream
I understand that we're at church, but if you suck...then you suck.#simpleandplain stop singing
yes!!! Now it's just a list of vendors and the discounts for Saturday! Sorry... Long story.
-- itch itch itch
no guy likes lifetime , I understand :b haha
Street Life Intelegence Moneys Everything #slime flu
My room got so freezing last night, I should not have left my window open. But thank the Lord it's Friday. I can finally sleep a lot!
Iam Followin Hopefully She Follows Back .
praise the lord your dad is having a heap of fun right now! He's a lucky fella!
My day was full of cute shops and laser tag. Now it's time to relax.
team for this morning's workout...great effort!
I really don't wanna be late to church again.
We've got a pitcher's duel going at #Wrigley! Make sure you stop in during and after the game for a frosty #pint. #Besttapsintown baby!
follow me please i wiil be very happy if you follow me :D x
same baby
No Doubt <3
If #kanye in the AM doesn't make you smile. Idk what will
Heading out to hang with , !
It took a lot of people to help us make this film and for the next few days we're going to be blasting out some thank yous.
CSI's faculty is focused on student success & they've helped 1,000's of students from #Chicago & the Chicago Land Area enhance their skills
LOL!!! You are so kind and considerate....#cheesecakeangel :)
lol me to
I would rather get swept by the Royals for ten straight years than lose Mo42 for the season/career.
me either !
thanks for letting me know about this! STOP KONY!
Looks like the Raiders will hold on and beat the Vikings 27-21, despite a piss poor second half performance.
its an iPhone app called Emoji, it creates an emoticon keyboard for your phone and its fun. Get the free one!
oh, hello, mr. Scott
Water, air, and cleanliness are the chief articles in my pharmacopoeia
Got class tonight ready to get it started. Made it through the first week
#RVA Career Adventurers ~ Are you following ? A Change Agent bringing you local info on Jobs, Co info & More! Get on board!
I love the new song Rihanna where have you been
and I are hanging in San Diego being thugs. We are so Hxc. (That means hardcore)
follow me babe x
That awkward moments when you and a little kid have the same thing on as you.
will do and thanks
Nah let me find out somebody mad cuz Boosie not guilty! 😂😂😂
Eh. Not so hot...got maybe an hour of sleep and just worried about them. :( Thanks for asking, though.
I would love to see a team with no money behind them get somewhere for once.
OH: I spent my time dry humping a rails 2.1.9 rails app for the last 6 months.
I love how is still doing the things that he would normally do back in Australia. Staying in touch from where he came from <3
Christmas equals calories...time to go burn them off..
Off to bed, maybe tonight ill dream about watching my self tell the #news again.
"The newspaper called the Milano Inn a culinary landmark"" - come see why Italian food lovers dine with us. #Indy"
Hulk for the win!
I'll never understand why people get upset over petty things... Life's too short to care. #DoWhatMakesYouHappy #LifeGoesOn #Don'tBeAHater
yep. Buckle. Up.
Is your 10 mile race this weekend?
I will be this decade's Sybil--multiple Twitter personality disorder
Good Morning! It's a beautiful crisp day! Hope your week is starting off to be a good one! I know you are very productive right now! :)
Yeah Fuckers in trouble now! Has to crush em blowin the lead ! Rangers Suck
I assure you I will get back to you soon! :)
he does appear in great shape
wait, nobody told me about a party!!
"LIKE" me at www.facebook.com/karlachisholmfanpage As soon as I get to 1,000 "LIKES" I'm giving away a FREE iPod NANO!!
she effing met him again!!!!
RT I don't think Lebron is ringless, because wearing the One Ring would explain why he keeps disappearing at key moment.
should so NOT be awake right now! It's after 3am. Crap. But, happy 4th of July!!! :)
Hey Terrie, Thanks for checking us out, we are following back. Have a great one!
im gonna walk, and I'm gonna walk fast, and I'm gonna be turnin' to the left sometimes
Native Foods 1 of my favorite LA vegan restaurants is opening in Chicago next week in Wicker Park, Milwaukee1484 N. Ave (@ Honore). Yum
Q6: It's demoralizing to get passed, but I'm already going as fast as I can. Incentive to train harder.
Hearty congrats from your friends at &
Joyce Appleby honored at reception and buffet at Sheraton Society Hill Hotel.
Thanks for letting me know! I will probably buy a book and wait to get it signed in person at some point. Thanks!!!
yay... Glad to hear. You are absolutely adorable to watch. Love you <3
Me and James are really bored.... Told him to smoke but he won't do it alone. I won't smoke cause I'm trying to attempt to get clean...
"We've never seen someone wear out the parts of a new bike this fast. We think we fixed everything." Enroute back to Pontiac.
i have the darkest secrets.. i have HUGE trust issues...
No i am not dating anyone at the moment
If I don't talk to someone soon I'm gonna scream.
Walked to the station today (30 minutes, about 1-1/2 miles). Satisfied, but not happy.
I hate it when your heart overpowers your head.
He later qualified that heavily, but at the time I suspect it was spot-on.
They already have Brady Quinn!! Lol
#lib10steps good for recording test is camtasia
great night w/ #BennyGolson and the fine Pittsburgh Jazz Orchestra / Sean Jones / Micheal Tomaro Thank you!
Sunday special at Zaxby's of Jeffersonville... Bring in your worship bulletin and get 10% off your order.
yea since last summer
THANK YOU “: can't wait to see all of his looks this weekend! Very talented designer!”
No you won't (:
Today I signed up for the NFL concussion lawsuit. Trying to remember how many times I was "dizzy" after hitting someone was not easy.
RT I wonder why Katheryn Stockett's novel The Help was rejected 59 times. Apparently, the 60th was a charm.
I need to watch Poetic Justice
RT BiancaMPrieto: A survey crew found the remains Monday afternoon. Police say its a male and no foul play. Bones being collected.
me too!
oh my be careful with that. post a pic if you can. I don't have any of me on a leash but I think we might get some today!
. Does it break your heart that CLR James wrote on cricket?
I've asked about you and they've told me things, but my mind didn't change I still feel the same.
God gave me you for the days of doubt.<3
RT : I swear I'm in my car more than I am my house
I don't care what you say, I'm GOING to cry.
#Glee rocks.
Make them like you instead.
nothin just workin on some wedding invitations for a client... How bout you?
What about how D.C. has historically been considered the City of Trees?
What a great info session last night! Looking forward to getting to know our new volunteers next week when September training begins!
In performance of piece by PDQ Bach, P Schickele whom I hired to conduct approached a player (me), and started loud conversation FUNNY
we are open.
here we stand, at this fork in our lives / torn between those we love and the life we praise
So our practice space got flooded last night! I smell new gear ;)... and mildew.
TED talks are better than cupcakes
RT : Just had a great meeting with - looking forward to working together soon! <- need to make a plan, stan!
If you Negroes stay home In November because O supports marriage equality you will deserve Mitt Romney.
To tired to function
That guy was nuts!!
my fake acct doesn't even have my real name
And overtime...again.
you are so wonderful to supply most awesome Tshirt 4 SWAG bag from
Can you help us spread the word?
On it! RT : Less height = less wind resistance. Embrace the advantage, and torch the field!
Its a dude dressed like captain america at the theater... we took the bong in the car
Lets do lunch, Fatty. Bacon & mayo sandwiches on me.
Kinda sad how I'm totally unmotivated to keep up with 30 Rock. That show was IT for a while.
I just pretend to agree with you so you can shut up quicker so I won't have to argue.
have you seen buro in midtown? It's like $215. Alternatively, maybe can hook you up with a desk @ straat?
Watching this crazy funny stupid movie "Super" smh lmfao
Preach!! : "How sacred marriage is, yet they have been divorced 5 times. Um..... Hello?”
We are looking forward to connecting and reading your tweets!
An exhibition of faculty work opens Oct. 14 at the H&R Block Artspace at KCAI.
Are you an Attorney trying to find an expert for your case? Consolidated Consultants is here to help!! www.freereferral.com
We post it last night
Krispy Kreme FAIL! My Boston Cream donut was empty!!! SO disappointing. I'm glad I didn't get a whole box of them.
<< FOLLOW MY NEW FRIEND!! AND ENJOY HER AWESOME TWEETS =)
she is awesome like u
You're welcome! Keep up the awesome.
"Find the wonderful in your life today!" ~Joan Endicott
Afc North domination. 3 of 4 afc teams in power rankings top ten are in the afc north
RT“: Tomorrow we are going to have an epic podcast! We welcome !!”
US officials say robust efforts...and better account for every dollar spent, have put pieces in place to protect the agency from more cuts.
I'll keep u posted on the parking lot. N Rex said there would be a first time for everything. Cuz it ain't happened yet
I'm thankful that I'm healthy n I'm working on being wealthy so get out the way or jump on the band wagon FENKELL AVE ALL DAY NO FAIR IN ME
I hate materialistic people
bro buy it online and you can download it now
r u at the concert?
~Charles Caleb ColtonSome pursue happiness, others create it .
See you Stars and Studs later!!
SportCenter Question of The Night: Doris Burke, "how many 7-footers in the country are seven feet?" She stumped me!
Hangin with my Cuzin this weekend!!!! please follow me!!!!!!!!!!111
In a global economy why are GOP candidates overly concerned with State's Rights? 50 different health care systems is not efficient.
I know, I just felt like telling you to shut up :)
follow back :) <3 Thanks
I don't know what you are talking about, you must have been shopping for your five year old ( )
That awkward moment when you can't get the power aid out of the package....
why are you talking to me..
Hotel Okura Co., Ltd. Enhances Global Reservations Network
Tele/Ear Prompter WRKSHP-2 SPOTS LEFT! Sat, 10-4 pm Learn how to use this to win auditions! Auditioning - Tweens & Teens - SOLD OUT
I watch Ryan Hollins or Ramon Sessions to their respective things (missed dunks, layups) or Andre Miller's old moves.
Last week it was Doodles. This week Josie's. Vying for best breakfast spots in Lex!
MORE violent?!?!? Uh oh
RT : Treat everybody equal you Neva knw when the tables may turn
Had puppy preschool at the today! It was SO fun!! I played with a new friend named Jackson. He was super fun! Thanks !
Air Jordan 1 High Strap Premier will be here @ City Gear Sat. April 5th!!!!!! Call and reserve ur pair today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love you!
Really tired
hah you might be right.
#quotes If you come to a fork in the road, take it. Yogi Berra Got to love Yogi!, Go Yankees!
RT : Looking forward to catching , featuring UK aviation justice activists, at
929 N. Wolfe will bring 24/7 activity to #EBDI #JHU #BioPark on north side of Madison. Can't wait for June 2012 opening.
The autopsy is today but we DO know his neck broke
LISTENING TO 107.7 THE BONE. THEY ARE PLAYING PRETTY GOOD MUSIC.
Creativity has saved me on countless occasions.
RT : Thanks to for this awesome quote! “I'm just trying to change the world, one sequin at a time.” ― Lady Gaga
Hooray! RT : In deep newfound love with the Third Ward.
Awesome show tonight!! Thanks to everyone that came out great energy!!
Very sleepy
Thanks Jeff! You have a fantastic day today!
Ooh nice. Can't wait to check out Tweetie for Mac.
Wish my home office looked like the one shown in #telecommuting talk
Lamborghini Urus: photos and details leaked
I would suggest doing both;-)
It's a beautiful day!!!
RT : The Silence are hanging out in my house today. I've entered 3 rooms and completely forgot what I was doing in each one.
Presidential Candidate from San Diego to be interviewed on NBC Sun morning at 9AM
Field of dreams always makes me cry just a bit...
Had fun playing checkers, flying helicopters, and riding ATV's with the family yesterday. More hiking today! :D
imma ask them to follow you :3
baby!!! So excited to see u! I totes stalked your site tonight
25 Ways to Determine If You Are Addicted to Wrestling
Will do more Twitter catch up tomorrow, I am beat! It has been an excruciatingly long week. So ready for the weekend! :)
Same here! I wish I was born in the 70's #that70'sshow
With paranoia on my heels; Will you love me still, when we awake and you find that the sanity has gone from my eyes?
Pretty good just staying busy with life. Thanks for the follow too. It's always nice when strangers follow you, right? Lol
went to both classes today...BAM
Just got some sick earphones ;D
At some outdoor art show in Calabassas.
Learned during #wbnamerica: let them see what you're offering. know your book. saying "it's one of the best books i've ever read" helps.
Please Palin please. Keep on talking thru November 6, 2012
RT : "How critical is a community mngr in biz today?" This wk's #UnGeeked debate May 4th 8PM ET w/guest:
Ready for the Next Show! www.whoistrillogy.com
Proclamation from the Mayor of Mt. Vernon Marcia Griffiths
I would guess the link reading hahaha I didnt read any of them thoroughly.
oh no by Friday we'll be recovered!
damnn where have i been all week long.....
ya...Hahaha I'm extremely jealous.
I had a great run on UB tonight won 3 sit-n-go's in a row, half-way to Aruba, I already feel the white sand between my toes.
damn we got read to:/ oh right
No need to keep that crush a secret! :)
Thanks to all the writers who contributed to our #Bruins coverage this year. Nothing but great work throughout the season!
BYOD: "We've been in that game for years" Stephen Lester #CIO Harvard Business School
Should follow me! (:
well go read it!! Lol
hahahaahahaha no no i lost it way back when..before they graced us with their presence
Two cups of coffee on my desk, one from today, one from who knows when... Pretty sure I sipped from the wrong one.
how'd it go today? hope you had a great run!
I can't believe you're moving
it would mean the world to me if you wished me a happy birthday today(: please?
Oxtail is so delicious, especially in the context of hot and sour noodle soup.
Happy Ujima! (Collective work & responsibility)
follow for more info about Bradley Manning.
depends on where you are. I've done it.
UDSOT has approved Virgin America to fly one nonstop daily between SFO and DCA (Ronald Reagan airport in Washington, DC).
The egg doesn't fall far from the ovary.
Thanks for the shout out! Hope you enjoyed the slides.
can you repeat where to register
Just got out of my final and the OS killing the yanks
Fascist early risers. Why you gotta be foisting your dawn agendas on us poor, downtrodden night owls?
I wish I could go back an be a kid again NO WORRIES AT ALL
that's why I live John Sterling
haha i "like" this
Dear ... when are you going to get rid of these horrible #MNF announcers?? I would appreciate it, as I am watching the game on mute..
Two things added to my favs list recently, goats milk soap and organic coffee:) Wow! Heaven...
*LAUGHS* OMG. You just CONFUSED ME.
I strongly believe that the least you would have gotten would've been a B, but you would not have failed. Not with my help ;D
I feel better now that I did some #Yoga I am pretty sure i am addicted now lol
Why did I not try to become a NASCAR reporter??
If Benedict Cumberbatch doesn't win the best actor BAFTA this time, there's got to be something wrong with humanity.
#YouKnowYouInDetroitWhen you hear muscle cars roar more than you hear traffic on a busy highway.
it happend so quick I couldnt even get it
duh .. do u use skype sometimes ?
I'm trying to follow tweeps back as they follow me but I continue to get the "You're over your max" message. Very frustrating...
i gave up on trying to get u to follow me :( think i should start again?
Your not gonna support Obama now just because he supports gay marriage?
Alumni CAN attend the .GOV Federal Career Fair on Wednesday Nov. 9th in the William Pitt Union from 9am-3pm.
Hearing about the Aurora Lights program from a high school senior. Program exposes kids to health care fields.
Out and about in NYC.it' s getting cold again
This sucks -__-
like like like
Just finished reading #killinglincoln by -great read for anyone who loves history, America, or hearing of traitors get theirs
Throw in black eyed peas. collard greens, and grits and you are there.
PCL tonight....get there early for 2 for 1 drinks until 10 Hit me up for guest list or tables 480.612.3337
Getting up for work on my bday really sucks but I can't wait for tonight !:)
We!! I cant wait either!!!
Thanks for letting me know! Weird. Emailed my stellar, internets-savvy web designer to see what might be up...
lol that name is classic...
i am able to see this on my iPod! Can u say hi to Pammy in Chicago?
Nice to see a Baltimore talent on here!
and I love it, too.
I'll be sure to check them out iA. Keep in touch. I may have an opportunity for you.
What does a pirate do on her day off? Laundry, watch music videos, drink, and refuse to get dressed.
Joc got a smart ass mouth.
I like to smoke n do somthin...not jus smoke n sit around askin "what we doin?"
Today I was elected Chairman of the I am happy to be supported unanimously as chair. I hope recognizes us.
Still time for that last minute valentines gift certificate. Wouldn't your sweetie love one of our custom straps?
heading back to DC from michigan. Its been raining and foggy the whole way
I wanna fucking sing, buT I SING so so so BAD !
Just read your post on Seven Sentences...nice to meet you!
I know your lumps your lumps your lady lumps u told me about xD
thanks for making my night better!!!
Storylines in Mad Men presently set during Hansberry's life. Interesting to discuss what historical, social & cultural events & mores put in
its really clever!;)
Omg how awesome! I I had brown eyes , we'd almost look identical :)
In the realm of "hey look at me!" cultures, motorcyclists are the least subtle.
Everytime I get to the top of my timeline 100000 more tweets cone through
Congrats on getting that degree! Proud of how you represent us!
How does one footnote silence? I've read hundreds, if not thousands, of letters and nary a one mentions Garvey, but people don't believe me.
oh my goodness the castronovos in your icon!!! SO ADORABLE <3
Instant karmas gonna get you
Ain't that the truth! RT : Cheapest way is always walking lol
I'm looking forward to attending the grand opening today of the new Mexican consulate office in Sacramento.
lol...yea I heard its a nice lil piece of change for that school...
RT : I accept I have all I need to respond beautifully to life in this moment.
Oh shit my mom has this spanish music on blast today!
Nice guy, and a class act. RT : If there's a more likable human being on Earth than Tim Dillard, I'd love to meet him.
Thank you and Cheers! Hope you're having a good day!
I love you, Ur amazing. Keep doing what your doing :)
- dude how's it going?
Same here!!
Wtf is wrong with you?
he's gonna keep finding' out those facts. lol smh,
Lakers bout to fuck around n lose
Fabulous nutrition information! www.andreabeaman.com
well hola thirsty! How is your day going??
i'm looking for a vintage tuxedo (50s to mid-60s); any thoughts as to good mens' vintage shops in DMV?
Think happy thoughts.
Did Carl get a spray tan before the debate?
I'm not sure...I just noticed one eye is closed lol
My alarm tune for this morning was - 'wake up wake up its the 1st of the month'
I love my son
Club Tryst!!
Since when can a lair NOT be a victim of a crime? A crime is a crime, let the jury decide! I know the NYC DA's Office are all saints right?
at least I did't forget our friendiversary ;(
You may say I'm a dreamer....but actually I just took too much NyQuil and I'm experiencing lucid hallucinations & night terrors.
Things I learned at work today: just because someone claims to have 15 paintings with a total of $300k doesn't mean they really are
Countdown to Stocking the Pequod Closing Reception...12 days! Hope everyone is practicing their shanties!
#DNation Milwaukee will be at the the ENTIRE weekend of Jan. 21st! Come say hi! #runnerds united against #cancer!
Of course I do ! “: I think loves me”
Leaving Flagstaff - productive day yesterday in Museum of Northern Arizona Owl Rock Member microvertebrate collections.
I miss you too caaaaaatteeee.
Floyd is starting to take over.
I heard they're offering fewer free guest passes this year.
“slide to power off” - use whenever you want your iPhone completely silent. Problem solved!
Yep! I'm definitely going to try to make it out to the screening tomorrow!
Thanks for the follow! :)
One place at one time
Thank you Randy, Jay & Cindy of for dinner this week in Sarasota with !
Harvard FTW!
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
Morning everyone :D
Can't get out to fan fest tonight because of baseball But I hope there's a good turnout.
you are too kind, sir. Look forward to celebrating with you tomorrow
Drink whiskey out the bottle & forget about tomorrow.
Thank you to Vins de Provence and for a great event this afternoon.
Maybe you should get paid for it [face_thinking]
I'll always be better then you
A good book is the best of friends. - English Proverb
Anybody traveling to NYC for #occupy ?? I want to talk to you!
Today was the worst and best day.<3
holy rain
Gripes, the Palin 2012 campaign has begun in earnest
movie cool but Youtube Gutta J Nino Brown
Amen! RT : Gospel truth! RT : A3 Our lives matter if other people matter to us.
Can't stop kickin myself #remembering ugh
Squeezing in a little more millefiori work before the kid's schedule takes over my schedule for the day!
My #fridayreads: Chad Harbach's 'The Art of Fielding' and Geoff Dyer's 'Otherwise Known as the Human Condition.'
On omegle :D
#ThingsICantStand when My mother won't stop screaming xD
12 hours today. 16 hours tomorrow.
Really like your Kickstarter designs... a very fresh look.
6 months before launch, Team says, "Oh shit!" and starts crunching. Suits say, "Crunch more plz. We are not moving the launch date."
“: I wanna grab ur ass right now ”
Seems like the disciplines already lend themselves to the "new" & "fancy" Common Core lingo/requirements.
Who's excited to see , , and tonight?!
what do u mean?
Rolled That Loud Now Im Faded
Dreaming Of The Past Now available for free download, check it out!
I found your profile through a friend lol. I've just started my account too. I think it's from the popular adds, like magazines.
Is it.......THE NOTEBOOK?
Mire than welcome Lady Kaye... Enjoy The Remainder of the day
Hearing about the automation of monitoring cultural heritage objects and sites using "computational conservation"
Hahahah Jake: that kids so short Me: i remember when you were that short(: Jake: now im almost taller then you Me: true that(:
Beyonce pregnant #nothingwrongwith that! so awesome :) congrats & jay-z!
T-2 days until the Wisconsin Beer Lovers Festival. We've still got a few tickets to give away!! Stay tuned #Milwaukee! - excited?!
#YouCuteAndAllBut your attitude sucks!!!
Dear Ricardo ! I want to do an e-commerce site with only your Three.js effects?Can you help? Know someone? My product is deserving !
... Can you all follow ! PLEASE 💗
Sweeney Todd. Forever
Ahh coffee and twitter in the morning what more can a girl ask for
great to see someone else tweeting about Worden and
QUADROPHENIA!! I'm punching rockers in the face with joy!
: meant love you too.. Lol
want me to call and wake u up n the morning?
Watching old concert videos from back in the day with !
miss me?
Yes or No, have you ever visited our website?
Good ass block
Dear Face Wash Commercials, Nobody actually splashes their face with water like that. Sincerely, my bathroom is sopping wet now.
ok i gotchu! U gonna come Get it??!
Small Business Saturday! What are you doing to support your favorite small business?
you know you can change right.....
Finally getting good cell phone service again
Agreed! And sorry we didn't catch up at #mw2012. btw. the busy sessions & piano/karaoke bars it was difficult :) Next time!
I just died laughing at that
We are saddened to learn about the death of Navajo code talker Samuel Tso. Our condolences to his family.
Good Night Brett Favre... you and your crotch can go home. How 'bout dem Jets!
Hasn't responded??? What number did you call? Did you leave a message? Thanks.
Its a matter of time before we all run out, but when i thought he was mine she caught him by the mouth!
No, sherry potter
Resting all day
Board Orientation Workshop Saturday, September 17 Time: 8:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m.
"The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives. - Anthony Robbins
I just saw your post...can't wait to see you next time!
. you rocked this weekend at
well, there goes my vote for wonderland on the pepsi thingamajig. i wonder what other cool projects they're looking at...
I'll let you know when I go this year so you can have a good laugh. I'm terrible & have zero patience.
if only.
headed back to up LA for a fun two shoot - can't wait! Being an actor is GREAT!
It loves you too...
Crowd at The Q very disinterested in George Clinton and anxious for this Kid Cudi guy. I'm getting (am) bored.
"Above all, don't fear difficult moments~The best comes from them." Rita Levi Montalcini, a Nobel Prize-winning scientist
Image is everything pal
sorry for your loss.
What do you think the client presentation beefs are?
MT : It's okay, guys. We just need to start spreading news abt the gang shout-outs in the new Chicago anthem.
Haha...I will.
I love losing followers! C'mon, keep unfollowing, this is exciting!!!
Can't sleep....gonna do what bored awake people do best. 
August....yuck
Rohan Marley is engaged. Damn Lauryn, I wonder if you regret messing with his arse. Now can we get "The MisEducation of Lauryn Hill" PT II?
TY ! Didn't know if there were others I should learn about too :-) #constantcontact is def a great one!
i heard what you said about me, yeah and you blocking me and shit on facebook, its kinda addin up. WE need to fucking talk
Your Welcome! We would love to help out your residents with Prescription Assistance. Please visit www.rx2you.com for info!
and the opening lick is just filthy.
"everybody's talking at the same time"
on my way to the glbt-rt social and ftrf program
Big weekend full of recruiting visits, w/ signing day a few days away! Excited to have next years squad in ink. It's going to be special!
is that the second Ed. translation ("reproducibility") in the Benjamin & media Harvard pub? Me likey.
Dang nas its that bad?
The Sullivan Principles were corporate Constrctive Engagement.
Disney land will be open 24hrs today, reaching full capacity by noon. I'm sure it will NOT be the happiest place on earth!
Why you so nice
her line is always insane, probs will skip it this year!
I got your back so you ain't gotta front.
MAN I REALLY WANT A MOTORCYCLE!
Just pressed the button that finalizes the editing process for "New Spirits. Thanks to all you who have supported us and continue to do so
can you DM or email yur new address? FYI, just wrapped up 2 class sessions on Rupert
I FoLLow MTV's Teen Mom's , , .... because I can relate! :/ It's nice to kno sum1else understands :/
Does anyone have a link to the Sneak Peeks 3 and 4 that weren't blocked by Viacom??
The nerve!
I wish most women felt that way.
Good Morning! and #Happy Monday
Officer "Do you know why I pulled you over?" My reply "Because I'm fat & you assume I have donuts?"
You talk about kids, but you won't drop it either?
Free complementary appetizers (chef's daily choice) during Happy Hour (5 to 8) !!!!!!!!
Just saw the space shuttle land here at JFK. I avoided a pat-down thanks to the distracted TSA agents.
Oh gosh, you're right, that US cover is absolutely horrible.
They a lie
I'm done, fuck a hater bitch
listening to the dog fart....that`s right, I said the dog just farted and I heard it....hot dog!!!!!
where the F is my mom??
Too stressed to nap, too tired to work.
Looks a little more like Marilyn Monroe...
What a day! Lots and lots of scene work. Burbank I'm headed your way tomorrow.
For $5 you get to see Casablanca big in the ballroom plus coffee, tea, and fancy fancy desserts. It's gonna be super-classy.
Finally getting to play baseball. Oh wait its probably going to rain...
The rain finally stopped in Atlanta
Luminarium tickets are sold out for today. Last day tomorrow. Be there at 10am to make sure you can get in.
it's legit the worst day of my life.
#ff & just because they're cool peeps!
Saw the hashtag #313DLove and I have to say: Detroit has the best airport in the US. DTW rocks!
Always nice to get input from alumni. ;-)
RT. Both the Bulls & Hawks play at 7p. $9 Miller Lite Pitchers, $3 Domestic Bottles, $3 Jamo, Beam & Morgan & $4 Kettle & Jack
Joe I hope they back off. The News will not be the same if you change or leave.
thanks to your interview earlier this week, I will remember Dan Wheldon for the competitor he was but it makes this even harder. RIP
Two crack heads could stay together forever
Love the new in Green Lake-great space to work, drink an iced latte, and stare out at the Lake.
A classic pancake breakfast in a rec hall with carpeted walls! And this one served eggs.
We are visiting the troops at Fort Lewis!
Lmao. The people on xbox live always have me so weak.
So I am taking a shit at work and the guy in the stall next to me is struggling to pinch a loaf while he recites a hail mary
you the best!!
For a great coach on helping you find that special someone in your life #Follow-->> for great tips!
na i dont think so but Razzadah is my dude... He engineers all my mixtapes... Real talented cat fa real
was in Minneapolis last week, and we have still yet to see a picture ... How sad. Apparently he was everywhere too.
you should call them a BROT
me too at least u gt more than me
I love the profile pic..it is fabulous. Tell em cobb county transit is down the street...
it's been awesome! Just really busy... I'm loving it!!
wouldn't expect anything different.(;
Thanks, Where ever says, then you can take us home.
Thank you for following the USC JEP Young Scientist Program!
what? What? What? Crazy. Crazy stuff. Good smile for a Tuesday. Word. Thanks for the vibes.
The movie Selena is sad watching it in Spanish I wanna cry love her and her music
Everytime I tlk about moving she always try n.make me stay man I'm gettn really annoyed man oml
I hope you do! Maybe one day I will too, hopefully the next tour! When will you find out if you got one?
Once I'm part of ur life u can't forget about me...
You may have created my past, and messed up my present, but you have no control of my future."
okay ill answer!
#nexttofall I hope so! RT : Wisconsin
Vanilla bean w salty caramel swirl & fudge covered potato chip clusters. Sounds about right & so not apologizing for it! NOM
thanks for the shout out!
Need a volunteer to design a Web site for new non-profit organization. Please send email to if you can help.
I sent her a text and said what are you doing, she text back and said PICKING OUT SOME CLOSE TO BUY.. You know who you are ; )
Sorry people I am never coming back on here again sorry
Just a reminder, in case you forgot, the #Brewers are in the Eastern Time Zone tonight so 's game coverage starts now!
blizzard - its about time
Thanks for this!
My dad & sister have been playing the game "Risk" for about 2 hours. I would never be able to play a game that long.
How many ways can I compliment me?
It's amazing what the human body can do when you set your mind to doing something.
That's kinda old news.
Girl, what's new in your world? Life good in NE?
love facebook and twitter
im on
It's hot outside,we deliver.
What an awesome combo lol it was cool to see u the at 24k! RT : jamaican food & target practice!
we finally droppin next month.... release date will be soon
is awesome
The Brewers are three wins away from the world series... just thought about that....
I love your ideas :)
I just want to hug of all of them but I can't cause that's crazy I can't hug every cat.
much appreciation and support!
it's a German dessert wine :)
hey dude at gym who is always mouthing the words to what u r listening to in your headphones… u r so cool for knowing all those lyrics lol
Thought you were done with stats at 244? LIES! BA-339: HIDDEN STATS! Sneaky ! Time to get back to basics.
as much as I love John Stamos!
Why is chorizo sausage so amazing with eggs?
Coyotes need a quick score in the 2nd. Crowd is "electric" tonight.
lol I'm literally sitting in my car.
Just a reminder: starting tomorrow, we’re going to be at the Seattle Remodeling Expo all weekend. Come say hi!
sounds amazing! :)
He says thats amazing news!! :)
Of course :) Fave song?
Awesome RT "I am a lousy copywriter, but I am a good editor." A letter from legendary ad man David Ogilvy: t.co/1mVXpfBE
this is sweet! they need to make more videos like this.
I'd rather not sleep at all. Sleep is a short death.
RT : Still time to get sweets for sweetie: CHH or VA/Doernbecher skybridge, today till 3, sales benefit SoM Alliance programs
Wow. U really made my day by following me Ms. Garrett. I'm honored. I love u. Thanx 4 yrs of greatness. GOD bless.
YOU embarrass yourself. WHEN did POTUS say he was AGAINST it? And that is a flip flop how????
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to getting to know you.
Poised Creation is blessed to be backed by some of the best business professionals in the country!
Getting there means leaving things behind, sometimes life's so bittersweet.
When are we getting cheesesteaks
I also had this dilemma a few years back. Try jcpenny!
It is time for L&D to be business consultants. Let your expertise go! Its about asking questions.
our CEO, latest Mashable post features you and your help to on.mash.to/qHS7pm
Sometimes, you have to cross lines to see where the boundaries even stand.
yeah, that's fucked up.
Guess whos gonna be in Phoenix next weekend... BEHEMOTH!!!!! Im so excited I just tinkled
How to organize a closet - Mother Nature Network
I just said I can't wait for him to come lol ": I cant wait to see my man this weekend comin up =)"
#SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet.. Will that #SOMEDAY me now? <3 4
We totally agree! Yum, Gumbo....
's #RockCracklePop is the best thing you'll see today.
Thanks!! Glad ur grandson healed well!! I'm just glad we don't have 2 do surgery!!:-)
Does it come with free meat ponchos? Cuz if it does, I'll buy ten of them!
Cant wait! RT Looking forward 2 this! Iron & Wine 2 headline Old Settler's Festival austin360.com/blogs/content/… via
I've heard closing can be stressful like that!
I need love too... Stuck in bed, still sick
But the publications themselves don't claim the points are meaningless. (I just disagree w/ them.)
I'm seriously going to hit someone
Starting a movie countdown to Christmas. Any little-known gems I should check out?
Just a guess, but you'll be OK once the game gets started tonight.
Happy Black History month!
more like ... harry : "you know the song what makes you beautiful? i wrote it for you :)"
You're probably naked under all those clothes. You slut.
Paid the $216 for guaranteed entry into the 2012 #INGNYCMarathon. Excited about my 3rd time running but not happy about the price!!!
This change alongside changing emphasis from boutique projects to program-level work.
“: I wonder if Asian people put smiles like this ¦)” lol
#aspa2012 exhibits now open!
Sometimes I just need In Rainbows on headphones.
I'm down!
Great win and tough kid. Hope you're great Deion
Thank you!! And your welcome
oops! It's gone.
Really. ": really? Looks like it has potential“: 'Magic city' is awful. Don't waste an hour of your life.”"
woo hoo! Just passed at Copley - if it weren't for meetings we'd be knee deep in some delicious smoked beef!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 54
U go! :) Good plan to keep your mind off food. It's also ok to eat early if your body is on empty, esp when changing habits.
that's what you get for waken up in vegas !
I've seen 3 different people with their hairline as a tattoo today. Is this a thing now?
Puerto Rico can vote in partisan primaries, but not for U.S. president. In Nov. 2012, the PR population will vote on a statehood referendum.
Seen #comcast outage reports from Lincoln Square neighborhood in Chicago. Anyone in Rogers Park still out? Because we certainly are.
Venice beach ca is where I belong
We are headed to Richardson Farms to the Worlds Largest Corn maze we need people to join us. Sept 21. Please let us know you want in!
and the post curtain call epilogue.
Another week of shame begins in Cleveland. The Browns losing once again is a great way to start off the week
sounds good homie...keep pushing and grinding and stay true to your words. Motivate yourself to always do the unthinkable
why what happened
shes so nasty
Q: What's your Cinco de Mayo plans!? Come get a fun outfit at the mall before heading out!
Almost Close (:
NO WAY?!?!?! Thank you Jesus for taking the wheel!!! hahaha!
We're so proud!!! Thanks! RT : Almost 120,000 views! You guys must be so proud, I know I am!!! <3
It's been awhile so I forgot how to flirt.
Hey bitch? I found your nose. Guess where it was? In my business AGAIN!
and FYI: April fools day has passed.
what a way to start the day!
This just in: It is physically impossible to get a pair of wet Chucks on your feet.
smartass curiously wandering
The secret of success is constancy of purpose. -Benjamin Disraeli
Tx u so much! We love u too!. Much as we would like our supplier doesn't carry this line of cookies.We have put in request.
Hump Day Happy Hour is in effect . Stop in for 2-for-1’s on everything until 7:00, with shortly thereafter!
Hey there Manuel! Don't forget to visit our restaurant now that you're around!
S/o to new follower
Puggies are both getting their teeth cleaned this morning. Pugs + anesthesia = always tricky...
Coyotes in Seattle Hood! 3:00am multiple Coyote Yippings near our backyard! Scared
LOL...I know, I just like starting the fire...plus I was right about Peyton a week ago :) just calling the future!
Nearly published several tweets today that I paused and reconsidered.
Negative tweet about Nickelbacks halftime show.
Thanks for the follow. We love the new ACL set. You should also follow my other account - ATX video games!
I wonder if Revis will run away for Tebow in practice like he did this year in the Jets/Broncos game?
I said it before, and I'll say it again. Justice League > The Avengers
SDA episode 1 complete (ish.). Can't I just post this stuff online? #Wish Vimeopaidthebills.
uh huh thats right
Just watched your episode of LA Ink on Netflix. #CutenessOverload Hahaha. :)
I'm glad to hear that. :)
German Branch Library has Storytime every Wednesday in February at 10:30am. For kids 5 years and under. For more information call 271-5144
Basketball game was great.(: Go 8th grade boys.(:
IF THAT'S THE WAY YOU WANT IT BABY
What are you doing from 5-7pm? If you said "nothing" or "sitting in traffic," we have a better idea...Happy Hour!
coral suede Steve Madden wedges. happy early birthday to me :)
#LamboLove is me and the Gallardo STS. My high school colors and those taillights off the Aventador.
Are you a parking ticket? Because you look cheap and i should've avoided you but i'm too lazy
Might be given the OK to start walking again at my appointment tomorrow!
Follow Back?:)
"I feel so lucky to know so many unicorns"
the show is awesome today. perfect display of why conservatism works for everyone
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly - Plutarch Good advice in business or as US enters silly season
I was in the way of a really cute guy at first and he said "Excuse me, pardon me." SO POLITE!! WHAT A GENTLEMAN!!! :D
I'd be less introverted if the conversations in my head weren't better than the conversations I have with other people.
"All over this snackin' beat like Pringles."
The network is you-sing you.
thanks for the follow! Always great to connect with other news dads in tech startups!
5/9/1789->J. Bowdoin:No part of my duty will be more delicate&in many instances more unpleasing than that of appointing persons to offices
Jose doesn't wanna tell me a joke :'l ight.
voice is just as beautiful as she looks!
tell me you aren't a #Coyotes fan?
sitting over here with trying to get thia protools going. So yes im winning
"You're ugly" "Good, i was trying to look like you today" lol:-)
Nice. Yours is a much more legit following/follower ratio.
My night has been made <3 Fridays >
we're in this together man..
Crossing the Hudson but not in a boat. O look at the sails. NY mid AM
Praying for Shepherds all over America today throwing out the net. Thank you for your service in the Kingdom. Pray for your pastor.
Played "Headbanz" with the #kids & hub & laughed hysterically. Love this time of year to play #games with the fam! #Writing ensues next wk!
I don't believe one thing Rich R said about gas prices just now on
#20ThingsAboutMe 5. I'm a midget :/
Q1 We have 3 display cabinets & 2 book displays. A staff member collects materials for the cabinets, and a librarian for the books.
says the chick with the retarded dog.
That awkward moment when freshmen kiss goodnight and one goes to Governors and one to Centennial
alexis if u dnt go to the show imma personally come to yo house and beat u up in front of them white people...
If I see one more "my nigga I'm faded" status I'm punching your faces
AND, I was introduced to some mics that I had never used before that rendered my & #saxophone tones very well.
I agree with you As always a careful combination of many methods works best!
Kinda shocked. Just found out one of my friends from high school died. Ran into him a few months back, don't know much else yet.
i love southern accents <3
What you talkin bout champ?
does Foxboro count? If yes, +1
...considering booking now before it's too late - "...advance bookings for the upcoming winter peak season look strong for Cancun."
Every night is the fucking same
The Meeting of Preparation with Opportunity Generates the Offspring we Call Luck ~Tony Robbins
what's good fam, hope all is well, Create ur profile at mixtapeLA.com when u get a chance. Thx
Do you think there's case for linguistic self-defense (e.g., using offense speech)? Thinking about violence and language...
Emotionally you can't hear that someone doesn't love you BUT in your head you know it.
What everyone needs to know is, never, ever under any circumstances talk to the cops!
Hi Matt, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
#sixwords - Jesus gave his life for me
Good news night in lots of ways
Writing an essay, going to class and then beach! Time to get my tan on with this great weather ;)
Lady wolves!
A suicide occurs on average every 15 minutes in the U.S. Alcohol is a factor in about 30%. American Foundation for Suicide Prevention.
Bronson: "A lady told me I'd assaulted a woman & a child." Thought she meant fight. "I'd never hit anyone in my life. It was surreal."
Thank you so much for the follow. We would love to hear your thoughts on our system when it launches this Fall!
looking forward to it my friend
Just drove by dark on DH side. : We're hoping that power will be restored to the 45 affected stores within 1-2 hours.
Been far away for far too log
I frequently will ask things like "what is my name?" on such quizzes.
hey! do u think i could mabey have a shou??? :)
ALEX ALEX ALEX ALEX ALEX!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GUESS WHAT!!!!!!!! I want you to follow me(: please?<3 #FollowMeAlexConstancio !!
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN PREGNANCY AND SUBSEQUENT SEXUAL FUNCTION
One of my 25 boxes has Book of Wine from our Sterling Epicure list for Fall 2012. Like to see one? Tweet me.
Lou, what happened to your site?
happy birthday !!!!
I hate driving with my dad. He comments on everything.
<--Icon: Action shot(:
aww thank you!!:-)
Looks like we may be locked in for a solid year of Chicago history/ghostlore books around here. But there's still that pesky "Satanic YA…"
“: #MentionTo someone through your rise and fall has been your only friend.”
Lmao those were definitely mine
Hey Shawn, check out who's going to be on set shortly..
Librarians need to get up w the OSS movement. Just replace free software with free information, but analogy is too simple.
Good to have on
home were ur boyfriend
Just finished my last day of my internship at E! News! So thankful for the wonderful people I worked with and for all the great experiences.
Today has been the most productive day of my 2012 life existence!! :D All credit is due to my God!!
HELL YEA MY GUY #PML #CHEAA RT : Big ups to live at zodiac showed plenty much love
is about to launch a killer mobile app on iphone android and blackberry. Great work on custom design
: can you leave BOALP at the store today? I'll stalk Jenny for 's WILD, & I have CAT'S TABLE in Florida.
that's what I thought...so dinner at my place tomorrow?
Follow back??(:
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet Edward Ratchet Hands
": Night in tonight. What should I watch?" Watch me watching you.
Where is that quote from Rob Cross that says people seek out other people for info/knowledge rather than a computer system/Google?
:( I hope it gets much better. I'll sip some moscato for you lol
omg this sounds SO unbelievably good. A burger spring roll!? Is this what they serve in heaven?
After all, it's heavily based on a vehicle that Inside Line has praised time and again
Be a Warrior on Tv your the Best Kurt!.Black and Gold:)
ha! Got Wilco cranking and finally moving! And we close early... Should be a good day
ChocoVine is so much more delicious than you could possibly imagine red wine and chocolate to be.
BIRTHDAY!!!! Happy Happy Birthday to you!!! I am so glad you were born! Have a great day!
Lmaoo! I ain't slow! I was just making sure
but it's old.. and cold.. and so very full of mold.
And good thing I keep giving you more!
Freedom from the past, or anything else for that matter always comes in the very instant you stop thinking about it.
Good luck to #SKC tonight if they can pull off the 'W'!! Big game!
Can't wait for the Jones vs. Evans fight..
but please don't do it there. Have fun and ignore the lame-os. Jealousy is a sickness tell those bitches get well soon! 👍
I hate them people that flirt when they are in a relationship
Taylor Gang or don't have a computer, so u have to tweet via text like
BigH MANTRA: If you Don't Want to WIN, NO ONE Will Stop You!
And it seems to be good?!?!?
Uh-oh, the Mormons are stormin'!
That's all just the shit I tweeted after entering phase autotune slime artist formally known as the dogstains
looks like its bike-to-work day as I shared the elevator w/ a whole bunch of peeps dressed in cyclist gear.
Do you ever shut the fuck up?
I'd love to talk to you about some corporate head shots...you'll need some for that campaign!
M, so tempting. I'll see what I can do.
got to see what all the hype is about
Day 2 of #govwebcon kicking into gear -- let's go!
Remember everyone once we hit 300 followers will be giving away an Autograph.
i'm just gonna spend my day watching hey arnold and snuggling with my cat ok.
One lane??? Really 101?! I'm about to pull over and sleep next to some cones
is going to be on a dating show?! 😳 how do I sign up?!
If your feeling a little down dress extra nice it helps cheer you up :)
great meeting you as well :-)
Piercing thru the stress of my day are sounds of my kids making funny noises mixed with my husband whistling Sesame Street for 10 mins now
Grrr well ill c u 2morrow so ill c the pic so u saw ne with a guy on friday
do I have any MSN/MKE tweeps who dig Neutral Milk Hotel/want to go to Jeff Mangum's show tonight @ the Pabst?we're going & have 2 spare tix.
DJ SDT will spin @ Cactus Club for our happy hour next Mon around 6! Our "local playlist" will provide the tunes before, that cool, ?
Freaking airheads everywhere I go
Yay! are you in Vegas?
There are some odds against people, but sometimes you have to do something different to get better.
. thanks for the support!
“: Shout out to for the retweet...... Whats up pimpin?
Welcome new followers!
Thought we had a doggie purse +1, turns out it was just a really hairy kid
No on (sigh) gonna have a hard time wanting to watch.... >_<
Perspectives on attribution, contributorship & new forms of schol comm prelim survey results Mike Taylor (Elsevier Labs)
Can't go wrong near Leidsegracht/Leidseplein, e.g., Marriott. Great Indonesian food on Kerkstraat. Walk to museums and Centraal.
RT Help. Heated argument... Greatest Boston athlete? Ted? Larry? Brady? Orr? . El Guapo
pretty much as advertised. One of the nicest pro athletes I've ever met. Check her out straight ballin' at the KEY.
May you always have a roof for the rain,tea beside the fire, laughter to cheer you, those you love near you and all your heart might desire.
having to dress up for marketing tomorrow is my worst nightmare
I am getting so excited about moving to New York!
I'm following you, too
I put a lot more pictures on Facebook if you want to friend me there...
can u please list me and follow me please I need more followers
Heauxs givin up the box and not even know niggas names tho. What in the Alicia Keyes is goin on?? Lol.
RT : Check out
Hat today good sir?
do u have ur Jesus&film notebook on u?
The sky is blue. Fish swim in the ocean.
Looking for recommendations on a good booster seat for the car.
I hate eating salads, honestly they are not really all that good
Drat! Out of time already! This is the fastest hour of the month, I swear.
I think more logically than emotionally ... People think I'm heartless
I want to see The Hunger Games again! will you take me? xx
sorry daddy
A Great Day! RT : Full day of information and exchange of ideas at #SIMSummit - now off to dinner at Kemoll's in St. Louis.
and us. RT : Happy Mothers Day to all those lovely mothers out there.
Tweet me if you got the Nightclub Story' app. Come to my club. 
Thank you for the good wishes. It's been an exciting time for us, for sure. Have a great week.(check DM :-)
Uh oh! HootSuite, which we use for our Tweets, went down tonight for maintenance. We'll tweet the rest of today shortly. Sorry!
congrats, Alan! I'm thrilled for you and UWEC!
“: Just get me through today..” Ness!! You and me both... We CAN DO IT!!! :)
this is all making me want to buy a bike. Problem is my gigantic cranium makes finding a suitable helmet impossible.
Theres Only So Much One Person Can Take ...
Good Morning Cherri
will do!
I don't think Viddy can be a new Instagram. The story of photos is different from videos.
that's any Philly org. Look at the talbo contract.
"This quotation is going to be huge in the quote world." -Some Douchebag Making Up A Quote So He Could Quote Himself
First order of business back in the US: trying pretzel M&Ms. Verdict: crunchy, salty and sweet as promised.
Spam in any way, shape, fashion or form instantly turns me away from a business or organization
yeah think about ken think about ken (;
yea, knowledge is power. I'm going to be the best at whatever I do. I promise u
My pleasure, Sarah. Best of luck in all your endeavors. Hope to see you when I return to Egypt.
RT : Wow. Taylor Hicks will be doing Vegas. Who (besides me) could have predicted that? #idol / cab driving is good pay in LV!
Spot on. Gives fans something to look forward to in remainder of 2011. Thoughts on Jay Gruden as HC for #Chiefs?
went out with guys and passed out blankets to homeless people. if you have extra jackets or blankets hit me up going again tomorrow night
Did you miss us? We were there till almost 3 today...
Feeling froggy, then leap
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory.
GlobalGrind 's Hip-Pop Celebrity Christmashanakwanzakah Wish List (LIST) Merry Christmahanakwanzakah! LIST: GlobalGrind 's Top 10 Hip-Pop
Design Tip: If you want a room to help you feel energized, use red and orange colors. www. cliointeriordesign.com
Don't undersell yourself. As a freelancer you're charging a lot because you don't work very much. You don't work very much because...
